Theres something living in my moms closet O.o o.O 

IF SOMEONE NAMED < PROPFIRST > PEEL OR < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > SENDS YOU A FRIEND REQUEST PLEASE DO NOT ACCEPT IT , ONE IS A HACKER AND THE OTHER IS A VIRUS THAT KILLS YOUR HARD DRIVE . Copy this message and paste it into your \What's on your Mind\ " so EVERYONE ON YOUR " 
thinks our band should get to go to the music workshops in the white house or go play at obama's concerts during the summer . 
thinks bing looks like google and that we should all just use wolphramalpha , it works better and can do your math and science for you ! 
can't wait to get her snare corps music to start learning and her books to start reading !!!!!!!!!!!!! pipe and drum corps is awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11 
bought \Play ' < PROPFEMALE>' for Me\ " !!!!!!!! and many many booooooooooooooookkkkks !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
just saw UP and , lolz , Cheyanna we are hilarious at movies together ... we make a good < PROPMALE > ! ;P heh 
hates writers block 
is afraid that she will be eaten by the thing living in the walls o.O 
FINALLY got the books she ordered !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
we live in a world of lies and contradictions and theres nothing we can do to soothe the pain upon our souls besides hiding behind another shield . I'm sick of the lies , sick of the shields , I just want to live as I am and be unafraid to survive where only 
There's always something different going wrong The path I walk's in the wrong direction There's always someone hanging on Can anybody help me make things better ? Tears don't fall They crash around me Her conscience calls the guilty to come home 
this Song is meant to keep ya From doing what your supposed to Like waking up too early Maybe we can sleep in Ill make you banana pancakes Pretend like its the weekend now We can pretend it all the time Cant you see that its just raining Aint no need to g 
was just at a barbewue and wants to play Liverpool Rummy again 
Happy Midsummer/ Summer Solstice ! 
cant get past level 16 on her game #pouts # 
has anyone ever gotten past level 16 on Crazy Cube ( yahoo) ?!?!?!?!? nobody in my house can solve it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Do you believe in Magick ? 
is eating leftover meatloaf and watching The Mentalist :) 
on the good ship lollipop ... animal crackers in my soup .... early bird , up at break of day ... Ill say what you say , even black is blue ... at the codfish ball ... s-m-i-l-e to be h-a-double p- y ... call me up and ill come down ...... I know the music isn ; t pr 
misses hanging out with friends 
wants to be at the river so she could go swimming all day and ride the jetskis and pretend that life is just one long nightmare that she doesn't have to deal with anymore . another week , just one more week ... 
\The hot dog said shit\ " \ " Dancing hot dogs don't day shit ! \"" 
Is it possible to escape reality so completely that it all just seemed like a nightmare that doesn't have to be continued ? That it all fades away into the background to never be faced again ? That it seems easy to live and survive through ? Answers seem to 
Cut my life into pieces Ive reached my last resort Suffocation No breathing Dont give a fuck if I cut my arm bleeding Do you even care if I die bleeding Would it be wrong Would it be right If I took my life tonight Chances are that I might Mutilation outt 
Has recieved her music from the Pipe and drums Corps 
HATES THE SPAM FUNCTION ON HER COMPUTER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Important emails keep being sent there !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
had an awesome time at sava's party . 
is pissed at her mom for being pissed at her because she bit off more than she could chew with school work ... 
has a pretty garden and is thinking of taking pictures and posting them up here 
is thinking that < PROPFIRST > Flay and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > don't work very well together when its < PROPFIRST > s meal cuz < PROPFIRST > doesnt have the personality to stay in charge . they may work together well if < PROPFIRST > was in charge , but < PROPFIRST > takes over . 
is pissed at her mom 
You are here to learn the subtle science and exact < PROPMALE > of potionmaking ... I dont expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes , the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins bewitchin 
leaves for her house on the Sacremento river tomorrow !!!!! Unless the rat makes my mom to paranoid to leave :/ ... stupid rodent decided to make a home in our walls ... 
is ready to kill ..... 
is ready to kill ..... or do bodily harm at the very least .... 
tired of trying , tired of fighting . Jsut give it all up , let it all float away . Escape reality in a way only death can bring . Save me please , from the pain , bring on the nothingness of eternal rest , bring on the peace and the silence , the escape of all th 
is leaving for Sacremento in a couple of hours . Text me !! 
was finally able to go tubing and wishes that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > would get up here so I would have someone to < PROPFEMALE > out with . and that I had mysummer homework done :/ 
learned to drive the boat yesterday !!!! and learned today that high school must not teach you anything T_T ( my cousin (?) sent a thank you letter for his graduation present and he had improper grammar ) 
wants to go on the boat 
has the best cousin ever ! I saw < PROPMALE > Potter and the Half-Blood < PROPMALE > at the special showing in Roseville at 7:30 on Monday the 13th because my cousin won tickets for her and 31 of her friends ! and the movie didn't come out ' til midnight of the 14th ! :P 
is heading to San Fransisco for the HP convention 
OMG the < PROPMALE > Potter Convention was AMAZING ! WHO DO WE FIGHT FOR ??? GRYFFINDOR ! I Love the Ministry of Magic ! I GOT A PIC OF ME WITH ONE OF THE SINGERS WHEN HE WAS DRESSED AS VOLDEMORT ! AND I GOT TO LISTEN TO THEM ALL LIVE ! MoM , The Whomping Willows , The 
Who do we Fight for ? Gryffindor ! Give it up for the Red and Gold ! Who do we Fight For ? Gryffindor ! This is Battle , This is war ! Who do we Fight for ? Gryffindor ! We are the force you can't ignore ! Who do we Fight For ? Gryffindor ! This is Battle , This i 
Does anybody know how to find people using their usernames ? I've tried searching for them and typing it in in the url , but nothing comes up . 
And its never right to see you cry , I never want to see you die . Be there for me as I'm there for you , trust me with your heart and all the things you do . Trust when I say things were never meant to be this way , but all I can do is hope and dream and wish that it all ends well for you and me and that the end is some place happy 
Why can't friends be together ? Why can't friends be forever ? Why , why , why ? 
has 835 pgs to read before school starts 
Wishes that they had repeats on of all the Next Foodnetwork < PROPFEMALE > of this season rather than just the finale ... :'( ... and that she could buy DVDs of Jeopardy 
parade tomorrow ! and then wisdom teeth removal on monday .... XP 
where'd you go ? I miss you so . Seems like its been forever , that you've been gone , Please come back home . ~ Fort Minor Just cuz I'm missing all my friends that I haven't seen all summer ( or seen for a very short amount of time ) and for my friends that I won't get to see ... 
< 13 hrs till wisdom teeth removal 
< 12 hrs till wisdom teeth removal 
10 hrs till wisdom teeth removal 
I'm gonna kick you in the face . I might do it 27 times just in case . I know that nothing will ever erase the picture in my mind of you kicked in the face ! ~ I know have somrthing I can say to my bro when he annoys me and I can't get in trouble for threantening him . or any one actually ! 
deosn't feel good but is determined to heal in time to get a couple more days of band camp in 
I'm a Rockstar ... Not just any rockstar , I'm a wizard rock wrockstar , And I rock out in a human body 
hey remus your so fine your so fine you blow my mind hey remus , hey remus .... oh remus its a pity you don't understand , you take me by the heart when you grab me by the hand ( branch ) oh remus its a pity you don't understand- its wolves like you remus ! what to do what to do what to do remus ! 
hates getting wisdom teeth pulled . good thing it doesnt have to happen again ! 
lions and tigers and bears ohmy ! theres a lion in the mountains behind surrounding my house so we have to be careful when letting our doggie out ! 
OMG da flippers be back !!!! yay ! ( americas got talent ) 
sweating on one half of his face = tumor on his sympathetic nerve = lung cancer ...... oooooooook makes sense right 
wants a 3rd and 4th and17th flair board .... * bored * 
had fun on zillow ( with help of white pages ) * muahaha * 
Hell's Kitchen is awesome 
is leaving town again . 
didn't get more than three hours of sleep cuz her ear hurts and she really wishes it would stop 
wants to find a ponderosa pine aged about 115 and see what it smells like .... 
all the primer is down on the dock and the ramp . tomorrow we'll paint the top , the next day the sides and then we be done ! ^_^ 
Would they hear me if I calls their name ? Would they hold me if they knew my shame ? There's always something different going wrong The path I walk's in the wrong direction There's always someone fucking hanging on Can anybody help me make things better ? Tears don't fall They crash around me My conscience calls the guilty to come home 
Tears fall , down your face The taste , is something new Something that I know moving on is , Easiest when I am around you . So bottle up old love , And throw it out to sea , Watch it away as you cry A year has passed The seasons go Please just don't play with me My paper heart will bleed This wait for < PROPFEMALE > won't do Be with me please I beseech you Simple things , that make you run away Catch you if I can 
facebook failed ... T.T 
To be or not to be , to do or not to do , do be do be do ! 
is gonna get through some of the odyssey , I just gotta 
Is starting a new long ( hopefully ) story ! And it actually has a plot !!! written out !!!! 
Im taking a poll : In my fiction/fantasy story , can I take poetic liscence on a real disease and make the symptoms appear hours after being infected instead of weeks ? 
had some stove roasted marshmellows while watching silver spoons and writing my story ! =] 
just had some stove roasted marshmellows while watching Silver Spoons and writing my story =] yuuuuuuuuuummmm 
wants to do a big puzzle ..... :( there are no big puzzles here ... * sigh * 
Lifes not fair . Accept the fact and move on ... ~ It sounds so easy in theory , but it never is . ... 
OMG !!! *Is in a helluva good mood ! * 
Why take initiative if its all going to end the same ? 
feels pretty good about her writing ! :D 
OMFG Jojo just got out and we chased her all over the fucking resort and up the road and only got her when mom came with the car . now I can't breathe , my chest hurts , my throat hurts and Im shaking cuz I was so scared for my frickin puppy 
Its wolves like you Remus !!! <3 the WHomping WIllows ! So I swear I do Believe in Nargles !!!!!!!!!!!!! * Guitar Solo* !!! 
Back in the days when we were young when everything was like a loiaded gun ready to go off at any mintue yah know were gonna win again .. maybe im the one who is a schizophrenic psycho , yeah maybe im the one who is a paranoid flakeout yeah 
Is too hyper to write in a somber mood tonight .... I could writer hyper Draco buuuuuuuuuuuuut I gave that story to Cheyanna now .... I could start a new one but noooo thats no fun ..... I Know ! I'll play a computer game !!!!!! :D 
Finally got my schedule !!! ( though its subject to change ... ) 0-Stava-Jazz , 1-Pristera-English2H , 2-Stava-Marching , 3-Doyle-European History AP , ( this may be 4th ) 4-Inouye-Biology AP , ( this may be third ) 5- Kennedy- Alg . 2H , 6- Garcia- French 2 Any classes the same ? 
finally finished OMAM ( < 5hrs ! ) more than half way done with Valkyrie ! ( and have all the character picked out) ! about 100 pgs into Odyssey- have it summarized to their , 3 pics done for the timeline , have the posterboard and the plan of the timeline done , and ... about halfway done with The Seekers ..... and 3 days to finish it all ... Can I do it ? I sure as hell hope I can ... elswise I be DEAD ... O.o 
Is going to die ..... Kill me now and spare me from this torture !!!! * grabs a knife , sticks it through her chest and keels over * XP 
Is ready to give up and go out with a bang 
Finished with OMAM ( minus extra annotations if I have time ) , Valkyrie , my PPT , Half of the sriting on my timeline , the design of my timeline , and only have 120 pages left in the odyssey !!!!! 
OMFG FINALLY !!!!!!!!!! I FINISHED READING THE ODYSSEY !!!!!!!! YEESSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!! ok so I know have to actually write something next to my annotations and do the timeline buuuuuuuutttttt .... THE READING IS DONE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Got the wrong frickin copy of Of Mice and Men . The ISBN is right but im missing 20 pages ... * sob * T^T * is ready to give up * 
Is done !!!!!!!!!!!!!! muahahahahaha * explodes * 
How awesome is this . I turn on my computer and open yahoo . right there is an article about a research . I open it , read it , and find out that it is the PERFECT article for ny bio AP essay !!! I didnt even have to look for it . 
needs to stop getting distracted ... 
wow ... just my luck to injure myself on the first day of school ... T.T 
who's that pussy cat ba doodadooda she struts right by with her tail iin the air ... ( or something like that ) 
wants a schedule full of classes like : The Science of < PROPMALE > Potter , The Psychology of < PROPMALE > POtter , and < PROPMALE > Potter and the Chamber of Analysis . ( all of these courses to exist but at different colleges . FSU ,?, and UC Berkely ) 
can I kill my brother ? Pleeeeeeeaaaaaaaaase ?! 
Everyone , ACHS is closing down the Snack Shack on Monday ! To protest against this , we suggest all ACHS students bring you own lunch for the next week or so until further notice . This could be the only way we can save the Snack Shack so PLEASE support this boycot ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , * I don't know what to do * and , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , Im stuck with a snake and youknowwho and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > * I'm sorry that I failed you * . < PROPMALE > leans towards my ear , and I tell him * why Im here . * .. ~ For You- Butterbeer Experience 
* I feel guilty my words are empty no signs to give you * ... you say i'm heartless and you say i don't care * i used to be there for you * and you've said * i seem so dead , that i have changed * but so have you * guilty , whoaoa , guilty i feel so empty , whoaoa , empty * you know how to make me feel i put a shield upon you i didn't mean to hurt you i would have only poisoned your mind never meant to make cry 
fail 
doesn't give a damn anymore 
:'( 
Put batteries in her keyboard and is letting it play music to her ! :3 
is spooked right now . I heard weird noises that suddenly disappeared and then my computer acted possessed ... O.o sleep may not be coming like I thought it would ... 
< PROPMALE > is Australian for beer ... That makes < PROPMALE>'s Beer very redundant ... 
Any one want a copy of Inkdeath ?!?! We accidentally bought 2 . 
euro reading : 20 pgs left euro questions : 9 left bio reading : too much bio questions : 3 done ?! :'( * explodes * XP 
6 days off of 2 mnths ... O.O 
Allo !!! :) 
Allo !!! :) <3 
went to a garage sale yesterday , read a great book , going to a swap meet today , and going to visit my dad's old station !! ( And Borders !!! as well as taking care of Bosco !!! ) Fun !!! 
feels like writing depressingly sad poetry/songs/stories .... maybe I'll finish that one about the guy who holds his class hostage and then kills them slowly and painfully ... sounds like a good idea 
music check offs tomorrow ... hope I can remember my part without anyone else playing ... or that we play as a group .... 
What was Pristera's English Homework ?!?!?! ( 2H) !!!!???? ( and did AP bio- Inouye - HAve any hw ?? ) 
I'm never gonna be good enough for you I can't pretend that I'm alright And you can't change me ' Cuz we lost it all Nothing lasts foreve I'm sorry I can't be perfect Now it's just too late and We can't go back I'm sorry I can't be perfect 
Has decided that she IS going to homecoming and has discovered that she can use a dress she bought for the ball at the < PROPMALE > potter convention- which is totally awesome ! 
Another day is going by I'm thinking about you all the time But you're out there And I'm here waiting And I wrote this letter in my head Cuz so many things were left unsaid But now you're gone And I can't think straight This could be the one last < PROPMALE > To make you understand I'd do anything Just to hold you in my arms To try to make you laugh Cuz somehow I can't put you in the past 
why must the freshies be older than me ?!?! :'( I know it should be a compliment to my intelligence , but it's weird !!!! 
can't concentrate on hw . cant even try . doesnt feel good . XP 
cut my life into pieces , this is my last resort . suffication , no breathing , dont give a fuck if I cut my arm bleeding . would it be wrong , would it be right , If i took my life tonight , chances are that i might cuz Im contemplating suicide . Im losin my sight losin my mind wish sombody owuld tell me im fine cuz nothins all right nothing is fine im crying and im dyin I cant go on 
thinks everyone should listen to Jaques a Dit by Christophe Willem 
Je suis tres fatiguee . J'ai sommeil . Je voudrait etre'n lit . Je suis en train de faire devoirs . 
yesterday was awesome . rockets , pillows , marching , homecoming , seeing < PROPFEMALE > , seeing < PROPFEMALE > ( kinda ) . more pillows . fuuuuuuuuuun ... minus dress breaking ... but it worked :P XD 
< PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm at 1748 words on the story+poem part of my essay and I still have to get to the recital of the speech , the speech ( which is over 310 words at this point in time and is not complete , is has about 2 more paragraphs to go ) and then the conclusion . it onl had to be 1000 words . its due tomorrow XD I love writing =3 
Done !!! finally !!!! its 3,094 words without the heading , 5 pgs ( barely fits on ) singlespaced . O.O I love writing !!!!!!!! =3 
That assignment really makes me want to write more . It was so much fun . 3 hours and 3000 words on the ignorance of man . People who are ignorant are blocked by only being able to see their own perspective . Let the walls of ignorance and perceptions fall and accept what others share , even if though go against what you know to be true . You don't have to take it as your own opinion , but merely listen and respect it 
loathes being sick with a passion and hopes that her stupid 104.2 fever goes down about 6 degrees so I can go to the < PROPMALE > Classic tomorrow , but the < PROPMALE > of that happening is almost nothing . 
Wants to know how the show went !!!!!!!!!! 1 How was it ?!?!?!? 
hates being sick . XP 
went to the doctors and discovered that she STILL has a fever but after so many days of 104 fever , the 100 degree fever is insignificant . XP and the cough is the worst of it all 
really wants to go on saturday . like REEEEEEEEally badly . I don't wanna miss another competition ... :( stupid illness .. I will go , I know I will . :/ * glares at the computer screen * 
wrote a poem for english and doesn't know if she can present it without breaking down :/ 
is crashimg pre- 11:30 -_- hw will wait till morning 
can't find anything on the effects of dissolved oxygen on aquatic life or how to test for dissolvved oxygen -_- and I still have another < PROPFEMALE > to write T.T any help ? please !? 
Internet has failed me more than once tonight T.T 
is not inspired to write 429 words to finish her 500 word essay 
600 words written , now have to discover a way to wrap this up XD 
1011 words , completed , and I don't like it but im stuck with it >.< 
its another complicateds suicide and its the same old trip , the same old trip as before 
my mom made a facebook O.O I don't want to add her 
figured out how to play the first half-ish of Like Suicide by Seether on her keyboard !!!!!!!!!!!!! :D <3<3<3 * sings to herself : she's coming over like its sicide and its the same old trip , the same old trip as before ! * <3<3<3 great song !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I do not play the tuba . The tuba plays me . My tuba is not actually a tuba , because it has never produced a musical sound . It is actually a giant frog pretending to be a tuba . 
Are there no swords here ? Has no one a blow for me ? --- Creon ( Antigone ) 
why make me choose ? why does it matther anymore ? just make it stop . I want this alll to end . please just spare me from this pain and this hurt . just make it STOP !!! 
misses 7th grade when homework took an hour , every test was 100% and an A+ essay took 30 minutes to write . 
of the 5 organelles ive done so far , four of them are band related XD 
ACHS band kids bring 1-2 $ for a surprise at champs spread the word 
Over 3000 words on completed typed up POEMS alone O.O 
5498 words in completed typed up poems and songs that I think are publishable ... = 42 pgs .... I have yet to reach short stories and essays ... O , O these are </= 3 years old 
Holy monkey butts !!!! ( haven't used that phrase in a long time ) I have 84 pages of completed poems , songs , short stories , and 1 essay typed on one document . it equals 24,582 words . it does not include incomplete works or ones that aren't good enough to be published . I still have more to type up . and have a bunch that are only paragraphs . and this doesnt even start on my 7 novels/novellas . O , O 
for pristera do we have to do one thousand dollars ? 
hates homework 
has basically figured out how to play like suicide by seether , forever and scars ( both by papa roach ) , wind by akeboshi , and still standing by the rasmus on my keyboard ! well ive got the vocal part down kinda sorta ...... 
Pristera wants us to research the butterfly effect . I feel like being a smartalec and summarizing the movie rather than the one about chaos theory . but that won't give me any points . 
But where's your heart ?.... And I know There's nothing I can say To change that part ... Well is it hard understanding I'm incomplete A life that's so demanding I get so weak ..... I am not afraid to keep on living I am not afraid to walk this world alone 
<3 Papa Roach ! The lyrics make my heart clench , my emotions soar . The lyrics set to the guitar is more than music to my ears . Their music lets me relax and float in the sensation of someone singing out their pain and anger , letting their world be alright once more . < PROPFEMALE > im zazdro ?? 
still has 29 questions and needs to get reorganized . T_T I'm sick of hw it never ends 
Finally finished english hw ... screw french .... everything else was already done ... didnt get a < PROPMALE > to start bio ... backpack/notebooks are so unorganized that its makin me insane ... what happened to break ?... Im never gonna make it toxmas break DX 
< PROPFEMALE > was right- Cirque Du Freak is good , I read the 200 some pgs in about 2 hrs and couldn't put it down , Lord Loss is creepy- too creepy for reading past 9 ... and I was going to reread the beginnning of the Dragonlance Chronicles ( the first 5 books in the original series ) but got distracted and will probably do that tomorrow . now - to bed before midnight ? for the first time in forever ? maybe O.o 
GRAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! D : < 
saihhhhhhhhhhhaassssssssssssssssieeeeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnddddaaaaaaaaaa Saiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiihhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhaaaaaasssssssssssssssssssssss sssssssssssioooooooooooossssssssssssssttthhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhehhhhhaaaaaaasss 
In the books they all have a reason that makes it understandable .... why isnt that true in real life ? Why does it seem so much worse ? 
Have you ever just wanted to fall asleep , to fall asleep and sleep and sleep . sleep for days , and rest , rejuvenate . Not worry about petty trivialities , like homework and school and life . Just sleep , let nothing come into your mind but sweet sweet dreams . and if , perchance , you happen upon a nightmare , you fall into that deeper stage of REM , much beyond dreams good and bad , much beyond worry or care , just ... sleep .... 
Hey look ! What a pretty mask ! look how happy and smiley it looks ! but , whay are those ? it has spiderweb cracks all over and , they are getting bigger . Oh no ! it broke ! :( oh what an awful sight lies underneath . Its a face filled with pain and hurt . So awful , it just makes your heart ache to see it . It hurts to look at . 
fails at life . 
Playlist : Forever+Scars+Last Resort- Papa Roach , Like Suicide+Remedy- Seether , No Surprise- Daughtry , One Step Closer+New Divide- Linkin Park , Welcome to My Life- Simple Plan , Psycho- Puddle of Mudd , Today- Smashing Pumpkins , Fences- Paramore , Still Standing- Rasmus , Wind- Akeboshi , Basket Case- Greenday , The Anthem- Good < PROPFEMALE > , Pain+Riot- 3 Days Grace , Youth of the Nation- POD , Whats left of Me- Nich Lachey 
has caravan stuck in her head ( the 16 measures before the drum/guitar solo section area with the repeats ) 
leaving soon 4Lancaster 2 stay in a hotel all weekend 2 watch my brother do the muster- a firefighter explorerer competition thing . did I mention that his girlfriend is coming up and staying with us ? me , my mom , her , and my brother are all staying in the same room that+couple piles of homework makes for just a faaaaantastic bloody weekend save me ! have fun my band friends at the parade :( wish i could be there txt me 
Anybody in pristeras class : does the DRJ have to be completed by tomorrow up to where we are at in the reading , or do we just have to have something ? 
Is going to fail the bio test tomorrow . DX 
finished the stupid bio packet !!!!!!!!! Now another two hours of english 
How can you tell truth from lies when they are wrapped with pretty little bows eager to seem like something more , better and special than they truly are ? How can you survive when you opened those boxes long ago to find strong stable supports only to find sugar when it starts to rain ? Little compliments glitter like snow on the roof your heart shines for a moment before its wrenched in two and nothing can go right 
Say I were to fall asleep never to reawaken what would you say today ? What would you do tomorrow ? Would you smile would you cry ? would you laugh , would you die ? Would you tell me a story , sing me a song ? would you share memories , make Me laugh , make Me cry ? make me smile ? make me sad to die ? would you confess you cared ? would you walk away without a care in the world ? would you pretend to be strong ? pretend to care ? 
< PROPFEMALE > de cookies with the faaaaaaaaaamily , all < PROPFEMALE > gifts are bought and most of them are wrapped , annnd the trees are almost finished ! now we just have to clean the house for when < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > come annnnnnnnnnd ..... then do homework :) still alive is still stuck in my head annnnddd yeah , thinks thats it lolz XD me cant wait to deliver gifts to friends . means I have to clean the house first so mom will take me 
OMG !!! What a great christmas !!! I got a flag and a rifle and HPATHBP !!!! As well as < PROPMALE>'s Cradle , socks , nail polish , and other stuffs too ! 
Read the first three chapters of < PROPFIRST > Got His Gun ... Impression : This guy had no idea what a comma is ! He had no sense of proper punctuation ! He hardly used capitalization ! Can we please get this book re-edited and reprinted ?! How could Bantam Books even publish this ? This lack of commas is so distracting I can hardly concentrate on this anyways ! T.T * is pulling her hair out * 
If only time would slow for a moment , peacefully rest and stop . Let all think on their actions , words , emotions , and thoughts . Why ? Why do we do as we do ? Why do others ? Do we realize what affects are caused by our actions and words ? Do others realize either ? I doubt we do for how can we know how others think if we do not ask , and we are all much too arrogant . 
Hey soul sister I don't want miss a single thing you do tonight . ;D happy new year ! :) 
Humans are stupid and should be overrun by high class beings , like dogs . They at least know to shut up and just be there for you . 
Has 1000 flair and 488 credits XD 
is dissapointed in the lack of Jeopardy on today and is replacing it with attempting to get more writing done . It's still rather dissapointing . * sigh * 
WHY DO I HAVE SUCH A HARD TIME COMING UP WITH NAMES FOR MY CHARACTERS ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! WHY DO I HAVE SO MANY CHARACTERS ?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!? 
OOMGGC !!!!!! All the names filled in ! YAY !!! Now I can actually write ! < PROPFIRST > Bersquish , what will she think of next ? s 
\DEMENTOR Dementor ! ooohoooh \"" 
fanfic version of my story to realistic fiction version of my story = 325 words to 1314 words ..... the fanfic was originally 1,383 words XD heck yes !!!! 
\Steady probie ! \ " \ " Tell that to my stomach ! \ " * leans head down to McGee's Stomach *\" Steady Probie's stomach ! \"" 
bmvojvàlfm 
“Get a room you two love birds ! ” she called only to receive a pillow in the face . “If you hadn’t noticed , we are in a room . ” Tybalt called back being the first to catch his breath . “Touché Princey . ” She responded . “What was so funny ? ” she looked between her best friend and her boss ... Tybalt pulled < PROPFEMALE > closer to him and she squealed as he tickled her stomach . “Just the fact that Ally is so ticklish . ”“TICKLE FIGHT ! ” 
OMGGC !!!!!! I think that I may finally be writing a story that has nothing sad in it !!! It's purely a comedical romance tucked behind an action adventure cover ... O.O We'll see how this turns out ... 
computers working , for now :) listening to jungle boogie followed by fun time and caravan ! 
Just finished History XP now real quick sketch for english then bed !!!! 
loves the rain , doesnt want to do homework . :P 
Going through old CDs I burned off of the old computer and Im surprised at how well I remember the artists and song titles . AND I has homemade attempts at Krispy Kreme creamfilled glaze donuts !!!! :D 
anybody wanna tell me what happens in chapters 7+8 of Lord of the Flies ? XD 
It's our time to shine through the downGlorified by what is oursWe've fallen in loveIt was the best idea I ever hadToday I fell and felt betterJust knowing this mattersI just feel stronger and sharperFound a box of sharp objects what a beautiful 
NO !!!! iParent is down !!!!! D: How am I supposed to check my grade !?!?!?! ... haha lolz this was my instinctual response , then I stopped caring , then I realized that I was acting like the kids pristera describes who are worried when something hasnt been updated in like 10 seconds and are emailing her about it XD Im goin back to reading Da Vinci Code 
Listening to Long Sleeves in Summer by Days Divide and reading Da Vinci Code til mom comes down to watch Hells Kitchen :) * She discovered a way to ruin her life ; She found relief in each red stripe . All of her days and all of her nights , She ranaway from those questioning eyes . Now she has to explainHer long sleeves in summer . * 
bloody hell yes ! Bio final + extra credit bathroom passes brought my grade up 5% to a solid B !!!!!!!!!! ... How have I become happy over a B ?!?!?! That is just .... not me T_T darn you high school and your homework bringing my grades down . 
bored ... don't feel like doing math ... what am I to do ....? I KNOW !!! Study for the Jeopardy Teens Online Test that I'm registered for !!! :DDDD 
3 Days !!!!!!!! :] 
FINALLY !!! finished the stupid poem test ! I have done no other homework , but who cares ! I almost finished the bio packet , already did part of the math .... and screw history XP too easy anyways . maybe I'll do it tomorrow .... 
rawr . sometimes my mom gets me so angry I just want to slit my throat . XP 
Why the hell can't I find my printer on my computer ?!?!?!?!?!? Did it uninstall ??!?!?! it completely went away , I can't find trace of it !!!!!!! I'm screwed cuz we don't know where the disk is ! we have to go buy a new bloody printer ! damn HP printers ! 
new vibes new vibes new vibes new vibesnew vibes new vibes new vibes new vibesnew vibes new vibes new vibes new vibesnew vibes new vibes new vibes new vibes new vibes new vibes new vibes new vibesnew vibes new vibes new vibes new vibesnew vibes new vibes new vibes new vibesnew vibes new vibes new vibes new vibesnew vibes new vibes new vibes new vibes new vibes new vibes new vibesnew vibes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
JAZZ People : anybody going to the thing on monday at hueneme ? If so , can I get a ride ? 
Just finished The < PROPFEMALE > Jar ... the ending was inconclusive ..... :/ Still need a ride to the Hueneme thing for jazz band monday after school , any one going ? 
hmmm go to bed now and stay up forever tomorrow doing bio packet and thesis paper or sleep now , stay up late tomorrow and do it after Tootles and Noodles ( 6-8 ) tomorrow ? 
I was doing really good on homework ... then I got on my laptop to make sure my computer was all set for the Jeopardy test tomorrow ... then I decided to check my facebook .... now I have to get off .... :/ 
OMG signing into Jeopardy test in < 1 minute , test in 1/2 an hour !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D I'm excited/ nervous 
Its over . It was hard . I think I fail T.T now I have to wait a million years before I can take it again . Darn Jeopardy !!!!! 15 seconds is really short when trying to come up with an answer 
Misery is when the family fights . Especially during dinner . And you get so upset at their arguing you can't even think your stomach hurts so bad . 
hates and despises biology . It should go die and rot in a hole . Im sick of it XP 
now has the sound track for \A Very POtter Musical\ " on her iPod as well as Fair Fortune : a WRock Opera . :) And HPAHBP the movie . I am pleased " 
has done 32 of the math questions .... should do at least ten more for a C on the take home test ... has till tomorrow .... >,< maybe I'll do it ............ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is a butt face of an author . We get to vampire mountain find out about ***** and then it's to be continued . And I don't have the next book . FML now what ? 
A VERY POTTER SEQUEL IS BEING SHOWN AT INFINITUS AND I CAN'T GO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! D \\"\"\" : " 
Jeopardy question : in 2008 middlebury college in vt won it's second straight championship in this new sport introduced in a 1997 novel . Answer : QUIDDITCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
should be doing homework .... what else is new XP summer come to meee !!!! come quickly and free my soul from this barren chamber that it hath been entombed in for oh so long ! Let the sun melt the ice that hath frozen my brain , allowing me to think once more for this year has been no less than torture . 
Has 8 baby chickens in the yard . None of which are ours 
is doing her homework on the new touch screen computer ! :D and got an awesome letter making me really really excited !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D :D 
Needs to do something to make biology not make me want to kill myself . Any suggestions ? 
Is having a good day . Watching house , made creme brûlée , has no homework due till Thursday as of now , and ordered new glasses . If only there was no drama , then today would be perfect . I even got my grade up in bio . I detest drama . But other than that , very good day . :) 
There was a bat in the game room . It might still be there . I had false information and rushed to school for pit tryouts . That do not exist . Fanbloodytastic . -.-' 
Listening to the recordings from jaz comp yesterday !!! :D sounds good . Starting homework .... soon ? maybe .... probably 
feels like she should show up to jazz wednesday morning in the dress and heels she's wearing to the memorial that day . My mom probably won't let me though ... 
Concert at the Oxnard Performing Arts Center on Wednesday may , 5 at 6:30 pm . 5$ per ticket !!!!!!! The band will be performing !!!!! HUGE fundraiser !!!! Anybody want to buy tickets ?!?!?! Please !!!!!!!! 
I will never be afraid again , I will keep on fighting till the end . I can walk on water , I can fly . I will keep on fighting till I die . ... Thanks < PROPFIRST > XD 
AP Bio test in < 10 hours XP 
Has a new respect for Disneyland's ability to make dreams come true !!!! <3<3<3 :D 
Saw the play with my BFA C :( Alex Reyes <3 ) and chey and < PROPFEMALE > . Just as good the second time , even better due to the company ! :D so yesterday was amazing , today was amazing , I can't wait for tomorrow !!!!! :D <3 <3 
Had an awesome party and got to < PROPFEMALE > out with a bunch of friends ! :] if only it had lasted longer .... But going to the movies with another group of friends ! :D life est tres bien !!!! <3 
Has had a Very good month !!! :3 <3<3<3 
' s oven door exploded . Thank you kenmore , thank you so much for ruining my dinner . 
Is excited for a very busy day tomorrow !!!! :D <3 I can't wait :3 
Happy Fourth of July ! Listening to Stars and Stripes Forever ! <3 :D 
is waiting for LDRS to come on :) 
JAZZ BAND TODAY !!!!!!!!!!! :D with performance tomorrow !!!!!!!! I can't wait ! How I missed jazz band :3 
Jazz was fun :3 yesterday was fantabulous ! Can we repeat yesterday afternoon from 3:30 to when we finished playing again and again and again ?!?! :D x3 
Listening to Basshunter (\I miss you\ " \ " Please don't go\ " * sigh *) while attempting to finish driver's < PROPMALE > XP a lesson and a half left . then the final . Next album to listen to : < PROPMALE > Choristes soundtrack :D " 
1 : Had a good day at considine's house with the gang ... Imma miss him : c * sigh * 2 : tomorrow = 2 months :D <3 3 : leaving on Friday for Sacramento :) :( :) :( :/ I wish to < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends down here longer ... But I wish to be up there ... Can't they all just come up with me ?! 
On the way to Sacramento . Been up for four hours , have another four hours of driving ... Wish I was hanging out with friends instead * sigh * I still just want to bring them up with me xD 
Things remembered today : how much I missed jet-skiing , there is a reserve tank on the jet ski , how crappy connection is even on the middle of the river , river sun is different than Cam sun , sitting out in the sun all day means my thighs are as red as my bathing suit , and how I can be in a resort full of people and still be lonely . 
Can't wait for Saturday !!! :) I need to get out of such close proximity of my family Dx I don't know how I was able to stand this in years past ! XP 
Is at the state fair ! :D just tried gator on a stick , gator ribs , llama burger , and deep fried frog legs :) yummo ! XD 
All we wanna do is eat your brains ... Spent the weekend at Beckys place ! :D it was awesome :) we went to the races , talked about zombies , etc . You know , normal weekend ;D 
Yay for another 6 hour drive ( note sarcasm ) . Guess what ? I get to do this exact same drive again on Thursday ! :p go down to home today come back up here on Thursday . I wish we could take a boat . Or a plane . Or ... Anything that's not a car xD 
Who knows me the best ? Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . Best friend(s ) . Favorite food . Nickname(s ) . Copy this into your status and see who knows you best . 
Misses marching band and wishes she could be there for the parade and the practices leading up to it :( 
Pi Time ! I'm en route to Camarillo . Under 200 < PROPMALE > xP get to see people tomorrow then seven hour drive back on Friday the thirteenth ... Let's hope it really is my lucky day xD 
Is home ! :D for now xD I'll be here for ... About 36 hours xP in 48 I'll probably be back in Isleton xP 
Travel playlist of the day : truly , madly , deeply- savage garden ; I want you- savage garden ; that girl- plain white ts ; red rover- < PROPMALE > murawski ; our time now- plain white ts ; you and I - anarbor ; don't trust me - 3oh3 ; fireworks- plain white ts . I've memorized them just about . I need new music xD any suggestions ? 
3 months ! :D :3 <3 
Drove the boat . Towed < PROPFIRST > when he was skiing . And docked the boat ! :D I can now drive the boat without < PROPFIRST > ! :D 
Is on the way home . Currently in kettleman city . Halfway there !!!! 
Passing magic mountain . Almost home xD ... < PROPFEMALE > ! xP 
Finally got an answer from mr. < PROPMALE > xD only about ... < 50 questions instead of 150 :D LOVE the band show this year ! It's awesome !!! :) and I got my schedule . Marching band , Precalc honors , chem ap , French 3 , composition , symphonic band , us history , ap music theory :D 
Wants it to be Monday ..... I miss band camp !!! But I still have work to do ... Must finish ap chem work and memorize all my stick exercises xD 
Has a bruise on her arm in the shape of a hidden < PROPFIRST > xD :D 
Was cleaning out the pod . Found books :D had to get rid of some :( also found pictures from when I was little xP and found the sympathy cards from my girl scout troop and fifth grade class from when my dad died xD it's funny- they all say that they're there for me and I never liked them and they never liked me . XP 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! :D 
Is sick of not learning new music !!!!! D:< I've had first movement memorized since the end of the third day of band camp . I would really like to know what instrument I play next so I can move on !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Je ne veux pas faire mes devoirs de français . XP 
Needs a distraction .... :/ Dx 
Mr Crowley , what they've done in your head . Oh Mr. Crowley , did you talk to the dead ? 
Mind&heartduel gainst eachothereach one te others deepest foeThe winners neither as they clash til they explodeleavin a empty shellthe ruins ofa body behindEmpty eyes betray te internal struggle as youve given up hope to all that there isWhat oncewas is nolongerBeauty of te outside staind by te battlefield of internaldestructionGivin up was once easyyet now so difficultother options are just as hardor evennonexistant 
Had a good practice ! I got the vibe part with the vibe solo !!!!! :D :D :D that helped make up for the crappy beginning half of the day . 
T.T Dx :\\ " \"\"\"\"\" ( " 
About four more hours till I'm home and can do the rest of my homework . 
Is bored . Anybody know any good new songs I should listen to ? 
Omgomg ! I'm passing school ! That means I'm almost home !!!! Which means I have to do my homework and shower . Then I can sleep and come back here ... All to be done in 7.5 hours ... 
v.v maybe it'll all be better when I wake up ... Doubt it but everyone needs a little hope right ? 
Likened to the reality of the world waiting to sink back into my dreamland hopeless in waiting desperately wanting always wishing never giving up completely . Revert back to the beginning brand shiny new faces forget all the hardships live in happiness feel the good all the stronger for the bad of this together 
I lay here as I wait to fall into slumber in that land of dreams once more . I wait upon the precipice of dreaming and awake and float back through the memories . Your hand in mine , my lips on yours , body heat shared on cold evenings , watching fireworks and movies together , watching you watching me . Pure bliss from the feelings of togetherness . The joy the bliss rock me to sleep in the memory of being in your arms . 
I'm dying inside you see , I'm going outta my mind running in circles all the time . Will you takewhats left , will you take what's left of me ? 
This whirlwind raging in my mind , perhaps I've finally reached the eye of the storm , the calm in the raging winds . For now at least let things be still lest the calm break and floods start again in the dark of night 
* reflective melancholy * savage garden lyrics seem to steal my words from me . The whirlwind of my mind can no longer form coherence from the thoughts strewn about ; yet these lyrics express what I want . The music magnifies the emotions strewn about . Will listening organize my mind , pick up the pieces from the storm and allow me to work again ? Or have I crashed and burned to stay crushed forevermore ? 
NOT FREAKIN FAIR !!!!!!! How in the world am i supposed to be able to check my phone when I'm packing up ?!?!?! I dont think to check my phone when Im in the middle of things . So it gets taken away . I get yelled at for taking care of the things that keeps me distracted from the crap of life and then my best connection to my friends who keep me sane is taken away ??????? How am I supposed to function ? 
Can't help but torture myself v.v but I got my phone back ! :D one plus one minus . Add an extra plus for getting through the entire show today at the marchathon and the day ends on the positive . ( I'm choosing to conveniently ignore the other minuses and just leave it positive and hope my mood reflects such ) 
Had the best dream . I was so happy in it ... Then I woke up and the sadness intensified . And that didn't help one bit . 
Just might have to start watching glee ... Just because < PROPMALE > criss is in it . That's the same reason I have to watch get him to the Greek , cept with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > xD <3 HP and AVPM ! 
Thinks she is writing her narrative analysis on wizard rock and including profiles on < PROPMALE > and the potters , whomping willows , and ministry of magic . Also going to be a section on wrock around the rock , < PROPMALE > potter conventions , concerts etc . 
Yay ? I love starting homework at ten o'clock at night ? ( irony < PROPFIRST > is as close as I an come to the sarcasm < PROPFIRST > ( sarcmarc ) without paying to use it ... Accept it ) me needs caffeine xP 
Is in a very papa roach mood ... Only possible way to describe it . Take forever+scars+last resort roll it into one = the whirlpool of my brain . 
:,( I ... It's just ... I can't help but ... And it seems like .... Torture .... :( why do I .... There's no reason to my madness . I should stop , it makes it all the worse , it proves me right ... But I wish so much to be wrong .... v.v , 
Is not feeling so red hot ... :/ maybe sleep will help . Night world . 
Just found out that my uncle killed himself ........? 
Just because I have nothing better to do . Like my status and I'll tell you 1 ) something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2 ) the color you remind me of 3 ) my first memory of you 4 ) the animal you remind me of 5 ) asked somethingI've always wondered about you 6 ) my favorite thing about you 7 ) ... give you a weird nickname 8 ) what's on my shirt now 9 ) challange you to post this 
That was fun . I got to play peptunes for the first time at a football game . We got red carded . And we got to leave early . :D tomorrow is homecoming and camarillos got talent . I hope I can go watch combo kick ass so they can go on Americas got talent . Good luck guys ! :D and then after hc maybe get the group together and go somewhere . Fun ! And I get to sleep in !!!! :D 
Had an amazing time !!! :D < PROPMALE > out with my friends , danced with a couple of guys , and just got over some stuff :) overall : A-grade !!!! Would be an A+ but they didn't play pretty fly xD can't wait till tomorrow to see < PROPFEMALE > again . Happy birthday sister !!!!! :D 
Omg ! I actually don't have a million pounds of homework for once ! :D Yay !! I can finally work on my essay and my other writing :3 
Is exhausted ... And falling asleep at 8:30 tryingto do hw . Ok , goodnight , I'm waking up early to do it instead . 
Loves this holiday ! :D I has a busy and fantastic weekend planned ! :) 
That's great . That's fanfuckingtastic . My mom Is thinking of taking me out of band because I was being responsible and packing the truck , making sure everything is done right , especially because our equipment manager left way earlier . Because I was trying to do the right thing , she got mad because I was one of the last ones out . She can't take me out of band , band is my life ! Without band I have nothing . 
Omggc ! That was amazing ! Went to the big orange and got to see RCC . We didn't do great , but we didn't do bad ! And then I went to Cam high's play : And Then There Were None and it was AMAZING !!!!!!!! ... ( sorry mr. Storer ) it was a spectacular production with a cast of extraordinary actors and actresses . It was awe inspiring , thrilling , and bone-chilling . I loved it !!!!! :D good job guys ! 
Goodnight world . Thank you for a fantastic weekend after that crappy afterfootballgame fiasco . Riverside , school play , pear pie , and trick or treating with jinx . :D now to go to sleep to wake up for a morning root canal . ? yippee ? 
Really life ? Not only did I have to have a root canal , but I had an allergic reaction to the amoxicillin .... And then I had another reaction to the codeine , leaving a < PROPMALE > migraine that only went away with a shot from the doctor . And is coming back ... Seriously ? I really need to start doing makeup work and get back to school ... You wanna make the headache and dizziness go away now ? K thanx bye . 
Sound track of the day : Not alone , Don't You , And Teenage Dream by < PROPMALE > Criss , Hooked on a feeling , Dynamite , I like it , everything I do I do it for you , love story , and the Animal Song by Savage Garden . ...? ... <3 < PROPMALE > Criss ! 
Disappointed at not being able to see < PROPMALE > Potter tonight or tomorrow ... D: but SUPER EXCITED about championships Saturday and Sunday ! :D <3 band !!! This is the most epic start to thanksgiving break ! :D 
Is disappointed . 
Has her drivers permit ! :D 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! I hope you all have a fantastic day ! :D 
Had a fantastic day ! Got to see < PROPMALE > potter with my awesome friends ! And then had the homemade thanksgiving dinner that we didn't have on thanksgiving ! :D tomorrow starts\ 
The Weekend of Homework * scream face * well , the break was nice while it lasted :| :) 
Can anyone in AP Chem send me a picture of pages 412 , 418 , 423 , and 429 ( organic chemistry packet) ? either on FB or through text ? 
Spongebob XD 
Je ne veux pas faire mes devoirs de francais . Je ne veux pas travailer ce soir . Je suis fatiguee . Mais c'est < PROPFEMALE > projet de deux personnes . Alors , J'ecris . XP 
Baby its cold outside ! :3 < PROPMALE > Criss+Chris Colfer !! That chord progression makes my day everytime . : > Their voices = perfection XD \This welcome has been so nice and warm . look out the window at that storm ... \"" 
Marching glockenspiel ... Win ? I think so :D 
On the first day of Christmas < PROPMALE > gave to me a lecture all about the ministry . 
On the second day of Christmas hermione gave to me : two homework Hellers and a lecture all about the ministry 
On the fifth day of Christmas , < PROPMALE > gave to me : 5 < PROPFEMALE > snitches , 4 flobberworms , 3 vulture hats , 2 homework helpers , and a lecture all about the ministry ! 
One of our trees this year is a flocked tree . We decided to put the sparkles on today because we just put the lights on . The result : I'm COVERED in sparkles ! XD deck the halls with lots of sparkles fa la la la la la la la la . 
I love the rain . I love the sound it makes as it falls to the ground , splashing against windows and walls ; the rushing of the water . The smell of falling rain . I love the mood of calm and peace , giving in to the < PROPFEMALE > to curl up by the fire with a good book . I love falling asleep to the sound of the rain washing my troubles away , knowing I'll wake up to a new day with a fresh start . 
Inbox only . 2010 is almost over , confess somethings you have always wanted to tell me or ask me . 100% private . Put this as your status , you might be surprised :) 
Rewatching \A Very Glee Christmas\ " <3 I could watch < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > sing baby it's cold outside over and over again . Its my favorite song :3 " 
Had an awesome evening with < PROPFIRST > Sanchez , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > at Toppers and Lazertag :D that was the best . I love those guys XD 
Just spent two hours looking at Christmas lights ! :D and the < PROPFEMALE > is just awesome ! It looks huge ! This < PROPFEMALE > ning and yesterday's have just been so full of amusement , wonder , and joy ! I think this is the best Christmas I've had in a long time , and it's not < PROPFEMALE > n Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
I hope everyone had an amazing day this Christmas . 
Just spent three hours at the dealer as my mom bought < PROPFIRST > a car . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and happy birthday to him xD 
Has her first driving lesson in two and a half hours .... 
Can now drive with an adult in the car . ... :D 
Procrastinating ... XP \ 
Like this & I'll answer these questions about you . :\ 
1 . Are you attractive ? \ 
2 . How did i meet you ? \ 
3 . Do i like you as a friends ? \ 
4 . What are you to me ? \ 
5 . Do i trust you ? \ 
6 . Would i care if i lost you ? \ 
7 . Are we close ? \ 
8 . Do i like your profile picture 
Needs to stop running into marimbas and vibes and stands and other instruments and things in the band room before I get hurt worse than I already do xD 
So sometime between the end of 4th period and now the screen on my laptop cracked ... And has gone white with lines and won't do anything and is dead . The most recent copy of my research paper ( the stuff due tomorrow ) is on there ... As well as everything I've ever written . And it's the only copy . My life is on my laptop and I can't get to it . Because it's dead . Functioning without it does not compute . * goes and cries * 
Yay !!! :D my laptop will be fixed ! Everything is now backed up on an external hard drive that I can hook up to the home computer and I should get my laptop back by February !!! Yay ! :D I can live again ! 
Actually played something on piano that sounded like I could play piano- not just single notes- but actually adding in chords and such !! :D 
Hates that when she is trying to do her works cited < PROPFEMALE > and some of the sites I used won't allow me to access them anymore ... Hopefully it's just those two . 6 down 11 to go :P 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v%3DR9iXOtxu5Ro&ved=0CBQQtwIwAA&usg=AFQjCNGIGZKjqoJULVcIyPhn-fitRWV1NQ\ 
\ 
Music is better with sign language . Still Alive done in ASL 
Yay !! My laptop lives ! And I have it back :3 and I finished 2/3 of The Hunger Games today . Homework and cleaning tomorrow before I can finish it though xP 
Nothing's better than the feeling of accomplishment at successsfully finishing all your homework . :D 
According to iparent I am officially in French 4AP :D 
My day has been made :D 
Studied for my french final ( part of it ) ... Took three different practice tests ... I am so screwed XP 
working around with finale XD 
AP class progression : sophomore year : started with 2 went to 1 . This year : started with two , moved to three over winter break and will start this semester with 4 .... I ... Really don't know what to say . 
\Experimentation is the key to innovation\ " ~ Bryce Chanes " 
Came to facebook to post a status quoting silly little love songs .... I scrolled down and saw that jeopardy testing for adults officially opened on the east coast a while ago and was really worried that I missed my chances ; then i realized : I registered for teen jeopardy- not adult jeopardy xD 
Best birthday ever !!!! :D 
In loving memory of < PROPMALE > H . < PROPMALE > , deceased February 10 , 2005 . 
Had the BEST birthday party EVER !!!!!!! :D started with a jazz performance and three day weekend . Then some of my best friends came over and spent the night , then we went to the farmers market and saw ACHS Jazz Combo , and then the rest of my best friends ( mostly ) came over for the rest of the party ! I've got the best friends EVER !!!!!! Thanks to all of you guys who came for making my sweet 16 the best ever !!!!!!! :D 
Well that was quite an experience . I kinda got raped a couple of times but all in all it was fun xD 
I love teen jeopardy ! It has better categories more often than not :D I mean musical instruments , Spanish verbs , and Greek mythology ?! <3<3<3 although cartoon characters left something to be desired- oh well . You can't have everything xD 
Great performance ! Now rehydration , sleep , then honor band performance tomorrow :) . I <3 band ! 
Performing in less than an hour and my nerves are skyrocketing . 
Performing in less than an hour and a half and my nerves are skyrocketing ; even though I've been working on this music for 13 hours in the last 31 hours 
That performance was one of the best performances of my life ! That was so much fun ! This weekend starting with Thursday's tootles and noodles , Friday's ten hour rehearsal , and today's three hour rehearsal and then performance ( as well as watching the middle school honor band perform) !!!! :D <3 
What a fantastic tuesday ! First , I find out that the book is in print ! Then I take the online jeopardy test !!!! WHOO !!!! :D 
Don't you hate when you're having a good day and someone ruins it completely ?!?! 
\This video contains content from Sony Music Entertainment . It is not available in your country . \ 
Today is the day that the balloon hath fallen . May it rest in peace . 2/12/11-3/9/11 
My heart freezes , my stomach clenches , the worst thoughts come rushing back . Why now ? Why doth the tongue of anger strike at the times most horrid ? Tears come rushing forward and it's all I can do to choke back a strangled sob of a scream . Your criticism does no good when it falls on tired and uncaring ears ; for perfection is a goal most unattainable , why bother trying ? 
Got my NAR card ! :D 
It's Pi Day tomorrow !!!! 3.141592653589793238462643383279 !!!!!!!!!!!! <3<3<3 
HAPPY PI DAY !!!!!!! :D err ... Happy 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288 day ! :D :D :D 
My song(s ) for Acts 1-3 of midsummer night's dream total about 22 minutes . I still have two acts to go .... Mr storer , I hope you enjoy listening to amateur piano compositions cause you'll have a half hour of them . 
F my life T.T 
Element , spel-ement is a fun category !!!! :D 
Just saw the ACHS production of You Can't Take It With You and WOW !!!!!! That was amazing !!!!!! The best play yet !! Great job guys !!!! You were amazing !!!! 
Thinks she looks like Katniss Everdeen- the Girl Who Was On Fire :D 
