work 

Note to all gear heads ( if life passes you buy down shift ) quote from < PROPFIRST > . 
Time to hit the sheets . ZZZ 
Workin lik a dog 
All for one and one for all . I am thankful for those who give their lives in the name of the USA . As well as in the name of the Lord . 
Semper Fi USMC Rocks 
over slept this morning DARN ! 
got the clutch in awsome !! about time . it was a total pain in my but 
work work work and shooting sporting clays 
Wishing it was either snowing or warmer . 
WEEKEND YES !!!!!!!!! 
What a pleasant supprise this morning , SNOW WOW 
crazy weather out there , man its so cold and blustery . 
Well got a snow day from work . Boss called and said he is woried that I will not able to get back home . Thank you two wheel drive ford > LOL 
Birthday is coming soon and I glad to get a new liscense . 
Sold 250$ woth on e bay today sweet !!! 
Well time to go home see ya all on the flip side . 
Lunch time , almost my favorite time of the day . 
Ate to much for lunch ugh man I'm full . 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!! 
I ate moms leftovers from last night and they where delicsious . 
Ah ..... the weekend finally here man what a bla week . 
< PROPMALE > Corporal < PROPFIRST > Pieck IED striks again , rest in piece . 
The chevrolet is finally gone , and I am now debt free , lovein it to . 
Well time to clock out , man has it been a long day !!!! 
O ..... M .... G .... Work is so crazy I am going insane . 
Another crazy day , but man was it a blast , we sold a bunch of stuff , it was like open season . 
Well time for another day at the crazy shop !!! 
Frekin poole function killed my legs , I can hardely walk . Mabe next time will not be so bad . 
Boy I sure would love to do some fishing tonight . Mabe tomorrow after mowing at the church ? 
Well time to go do some mowing at the church and mabe some fishing . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CuC9zxWZBA&feature=related 
I am about to kill a certin xw-2002 < PROPFEMALE > chopper . I hate these things , you can never get the hydro system bled out on them . I have spent to stinkin days workin on this thing . 
I'v had < PROPMALE > on my minde to day quite a bit as well and that does not help the moral . 
Well time to go home and mabe do something fun . 
It was a very interesting night last night at the farm . We had a run in with a mountian lion or a large cat like one . I tell you what I don't want to hear one of those again , talk about chills goung down your spine . 
Finnaly found a turbo charger for my 1250 cub diesel . Now its time to have some funn . 
Well this has turned out to be about the most frusterating day of my life . I have about the worst alergie outbreak I have ever had . I feel horrible . 
26 DAYS TO GO PEOPLE !!!!!!!! 
Time for some party !!!! At the Darrens house . 
We just got the power back on here at work . It was out for about two hours because they where moving a electric pole out back . 
It's been one of those days where everyone wants something for nothing . 
Well got to work this morning at 5 in the A.M. , its gona be a long day . 
Well This is my last week a single man . My how the time has flown buy , it will not be long now and I will be on vacation with my new wonderfull wife . 
Three days to go and now I have a nasty sinus infection and I feel like crap . I sure hope the antibiodics work fast . 
Well the rehearsal went well , I think it will go great saturday . Thanks to all that have helped and are involved . 
Well it was a great day back at work , we are not backed up as far as I thought we would be . The guys really did a great job keeping up with everything . 
Getting married to < PROPFEMALE > was the best decision I will ever make . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for being a wonderfull wife . Love you lots . 
Well we had an atempted break in at work last night . They cut the phone lines and some other wires I had to hook back up this morning . The back door has big pry bar marks on it , but thankfully they did not get in . Prais The Lord . 
Lunch was great thanks dear love you . 
what a day ! I need some time to relax . 
It was a good day at work today , I got a bunch done . Now the best part of my day starts when I get home to my Wife . 
Why do people get so worked up over mowing grass . Espescially after it has just rained and the ground is soking wet . I need to borrow some < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well its a good day so far , man I love my job . The only downside is the heat and I get to push mow the church again tonight . That will be a blast . LOL 
My day just got better now I get to drive the bosses truck home and borrow our demo mower to mow the church and my yard . YES !!!!!! :) 
Well the mowing went well last night , and the church looks awsome . 
One day down four to go !!! 
I have a mom who has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , saw me fail , cheered me on & kept me strong ! Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your mom !! 
GREAT DAY AT WORK !! Na not really I just made a lot of head way today though . It sure is nice to get caught up a little . 
Man has it been like forever since I have posted anything ? Well all is well . work is great and my marriage is awsome . Life is good :) Not much more than that I gues LOL . 
If aneybody has recieved an e-mail from me do not open it it was a hacker I gues . 
I went to the bank today , ask the teller to check my balance . he reached over the counter and pushed me over !! his response was ' It's not looking good!!' 
The past is your lesson . The present is your gift . The future is your motivation . Extremely motivated looking fwd to a Wonderful future , all you need is Faith ! 
Belief is truth held in the mind ; faith is a fire in the heart . 
Everything in life happens for a reason . God never gives you something you can't handle . So when things are bad , just remember , things always get better . 
\Don't settle for nothing more than someone you can live with . Settle for nothing less than someone you can't live without . \"" 
You ever have one of those days where you just feel like you should have never come to work . Not that there is anything wrong it just feels like some sort of empending doom or something . 
Just because something comes easy for you does not make you a better person , what makes you a better person is trying to master a quality that is hard for you . 
When driving down the road of life , rarely do you know how good you have it , until you see it in the rear-view mirror . 
Live authentically and savor each precious moment of your journey because when you arrive at your destination , another journey begins ! 
What's new everyone ? 
It was so funny this morning , I was the only one that had a key to open the store up . My boss , and three others that work here forgot their keys . The funny part of it all is was coming in an hour after opening . 
Gun season is open as of monday the 29th in Ohio . Time to get out in the woods and get some meat !!! 
I am ready to go home I am just burnt out ..... Muzzleloading season is in and I hope to get some more hunting in . Look forward to getting the CVA back together and trying it out . 
It's Friday I cut a bunch of fire wood , worked all day and I am beat . Saturday ........ oh yeah more work I almost forgot . Lord help me . HAHAHA Oh well it could be worse . Love God my wife and life itself could not ask for better . 
I do not forgive because I am stupid , or weak . I am smart enough to know that people make mistakes , and I am strong enough to give them another < PROPMALE > 
....... I am beat , work has been a killer . Time for some R&R . Tomorrow is another day , God help me ! 
I , PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! I GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . WE NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE !!! LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL RE-POST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE 
Well today < PROPFEMALE > and I are nine months into being married . I must say it has been the best nine months of my life . She is an absolute wounderfull wife and best friend . Getting married was the best thing that ever happened to me . Love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Now I have another water leak in the wall , and my wife's car is tore appart in the gerage . When will it end ? 
Doesn't make sense . Homeless in the U.S. go without eating . Elderly in the U.S. go without needed medicines . Mentally ill in the U.S. go without treatment . American troops go without proper equipment . American veterans without benefits that were promised . Yet we can send billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'M IN THE 1% .. 
