I don't know about everyone else but i think it's about time we went back to school 

i don't know what to do with my life right now 
for all you nerds out there , the original Perfect Darc came out for the 360 as an arcade game . 
is going to basic military training on may 25 . yeah , i get to go through hell ten days after graduating high school . 
mtac is over :) time for sleep 
i know i'm gonna miss blackman high . 
has ten days until leaving for basic training 
is leaving for basic in 5 days . 
tomorrow's the day . the day that symbolizes the beginning of my adult life . The day i go through hell . The day i learn true teamwork and patriotism . Ohh what a day . 
The day is here . It is time to leave . Good bye friends . 
I'M BACK . or at least for a couple hours . It feels nice to be a civilian again . 
Well it's been a long two months , A very long two months , but i'm finally out of basic training . This doesn't mean i'm going back home yet . I still need to go to tech school to actually learn my job . I'll back home some time in october . 
hopefully i should have internet access to be able to communicate . 
What's wrong with you people ! quit liking my status , i have been isolated from society . i want to hold something that resembles a conversation . 
so what's up with all my friends ? do you guys have jobs and have plans for college or anything ? or are most of you still on your bums playing games and watching tv , 
now that i'm done ranting , nighty night . i need to catch up on some sleep . 
I am an American Airman \ 
I am a warrior \ 
I have answered my nations call 
THAT'S what I've been missing !!! I haven't had ramen noodles in three months ! Taxi ! Taxi ! 
Yes ! I finally have my laptop back ! 
I finally get the freedom to do what i want when i want . And what do i do ? I take a nap . 
YES ! I never have to see that forsaken hair curl again ! life has gotten a lot better . 
I am an American Airman 
Yeah , I gave blood for the first time . I even have the sticker to prove it . 
good night Thursday 
Hello Saturday 
is happy and content with his life right now . 
Lol . My birthday's on Thursday . I almost forgot about it . 
You know what . After the two most stressful months in my life I've realized something . All my life I've been in a learning classroom environment . Most people couldn't wait to leave this behind them . Well after those two months I'm placed right back in a classroom to learn . And I found it is one of the most familiar and comforting places I have ever been . 
Life and the universe truly is vast and amazing , so immense and oddly connected . 
I had to run three < PROPMALE > today with a cramp in my gut . Now it feels like a bruise cause i went all that way toughing the pain . 
rabble , ramble , and what not . 
you couldn't hide for long Reach 
YES !!! I HAVE CONQUERED MY CONNECTION ! 
here i am once again waiting for pizza 
what to do , what to do ? 
One day I may rule the world of tomorrow . 
WAZZUP ! 
Blah blah , blahblah blahblah , Blah blahblahblah . BLAH ! 
You know what . I could make a pretty good author . I could be a good artist too . I know I have the talent for both of them . Unfortunately I'm not willing to invest the time to develop either of these talents . So i wonder ... Will my talents go to waste ? 
Ahh what to do . Another weekend has come and is about to go by . 
what should i do this fine weekend ? 
:( \ 
i miss my dog , i haven't seen him in five months . 
another weekend with nothing to do 
tomorrow ... 
I'm so close to home now . I'm waiting in the airport waiting for the plane to come in . 
home sweet home 
Dude . Colorado is awesome 
Is the snow sticking in Tennessee yet ? 
