running away .... 

woo hoo horse back riding tomorrow !!! 
eeyore and the little black raincloud .... 
< PROPFEMALE > is going to be gone ALL WEEK to worship and study conference YAY !!!!!! i sooo need a break !!!!! 
awesome time at retreat this week !!! 
gloomy ,,,,, 
good riding lesson today , needed SOMETHING to go right !!!!! 
hope you all had a great Thanksgiving !!! 
ready for Christmas markets !!! 
if life is like a box of chocolates ... i think i got a box of icky lemon orange cream ones ... 
finally put up the Christmas decorations --- 
.... and to all a good night 
ugh the drive to the frankfurt airport gets longer every time i go !!!! i think the road is growing !!!! 
taxes r done .. going back to bed ... great way to start the day woo hoo !! 
< PROPFEMALE > is chasing her tail in the snow ... oh to be a dog ... 
if you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) and we'll see who can follow directions .... 
The instructions are : Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . The results : 
friday is a great day for a birthday !! happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Calder , < PROPFEMALE > Kaderavek and my < PROPFEMALE > is 12 !!!! 
Happy valentines Day ! keep the chocolates Keep the flowers get me a snow blower im sick of shoveling !!! (( or send me somewhere warm !!!! )) 
had a great girl day with my dtr Steph , lunch , shopping and a chick flick , you rock sweetie !! 
long day in wurzburg , but < PROPFIRST > wrist surgury went well , glad its over ! too bad the maid didnt show up while i was gone .... 
From : < PROPFEMALE > The Pooh and the Blustery Day Oh the wind is lashing lustily And the trees are thrashing thrustily And the leaves are rustling gustily So it's rather safe to say That it seems that it may turn out to be It feels that it will undoubtedly It looks like a rather blustery day , today It sounds that it may turn out to be Feels that it will undoubtedly Looks like a rather blustery day today !!!!! 
Thought for the day : Women are Angels , And when someone breaks our wings .. We simply continue to fly ......... on a broomstick .. We are flexible like that .... 
great sunday , good service , good ss class with my teens , coffee with my kids , ready for a nap on this rainy day .... 
family communication via facebook .... wtf 
remember that old commercial where the lady says \ calgon take me away ! \ " and next thing you know she is magically transported to a beautiful serene bathtub ..... wouldnt it be cool if that really worked ??? AAAAARRRRRRGGGGGGG !!!!!!!!!!!! " 
the sun is shining ... i want to plant stuff !! 
awesome Palm Sunday Service and Chapel Rededication , !!! 
Remember , < PROPFEMALE > Rogers did everything < PROPFIRST > Astaire did , but she did it backwards and in high heels . ( Faith Whittlesey ) 
Please copy and paste this if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness 
SPRING !! planted flowers ... spring fest last night ... time for spa/sauna day !!!! 
AAAAARRRRRGGGGG !!!!!!!!! ..... nope dont feel any better ..... 
ok , my make believe people in my make believe city are starving !!!! this is what my life has come to !!!!! someone help me , im so losing it , i really think that you can die from boredom !!! 
the sun is shining !!! 
< PROPFIRST > tomorrow with my daughter !!!! 
going to < PROPFIRST > saturday with my daughter ! she is awesome ! 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it !, You are in my prayers ... Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? ? April is cancer awareness month ! 
great time in < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFEMALE > only wish the bus ride was shorter and the time spent there was longer but lots of fun ... 
me and the kids drove over an hour for taco < PROPFEMALE > is that crazy or what ! sometimes i miss the little things .... 
ok i REALLY hate these new ads ( like the secret disney message , or the hometown marriage breaker competition ) that want you to click \like\ " and send to all your friends before they show you the stupid thing !!! how annoying is that ! ( my pet peeve for the day ) < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ill go take my medication now ... " 
my friend < PROPFEMALE > is posting funny comments that her Mother made every day in honor of Mothers Day i love this one .... \I KNOW YOUR DOING YOUR BEST ... THAT'S WHAT WORRIES ME \".....< PROPFEMALE > s mother .... " 
\Sometimes the majority only means that all the fools are on the same side . \ " \ 
Sigmund Freud once said , \What do women want ? \ " The only thing I have learned in fifty-two years is that women want men to stop asking dumb questions like that . ” < PROPMALE > COSBY " 
Hubby is home for the weekend ... sleeping but home lol 
i have great kids ! and creative too , check out the cool MOM breakfast ... 
dont you just love cool lightning storms !! 
if it doesnt stop raining im going to have to bale my grass instead of mowing , or maybe borrow a few sheep ..... 
i hate matching and folding socks .... 
blah blah blah blah blah --- :( 
one of those days ... 
Only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , Jesus Christ and a Soldier . One died for your soul ; the other for your freedom .... 
and the weather is rainy ... with a < PROPMALE > of more rain ... 
the sun is finally shining !!!! YES !!!! 
sooo nice out !! church then the floh markt !!! (( flea market )) i just love junk ! 
If you think the things I say out loud are bad , you should hear the things that I keep to myself !! (( ha ha i stole this )) 
and she beat them all soundly and put them to bed .... < PROPFIRST > did you get my plane ticket for Texas ???? cuz im packed ! 
good-bye's suck ... 
you are a sad strange little man ..... ( buzz lightyear ) yes i am totally immature ! this has got to be one of my favorite quotes lol 
Wow i realized today is Thursday lol guess i didnt miss stephs riding lesson just my dr appt , im having a total \blond\ " day or am getting old or something ha ha " 
yes ~ !! its raining !!! 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy !!! Repost if you agree , I just did ! 
sooooo bored .... oh WAIT i could CLEAN ! ( HA ! ) 
wow i feel so loved !!!, thanks for all the birthday wishes !! 
OMG there is a big rat in the back yard it just looked at me thru the glass door ! how creepy is that ?? ewwww off to BA-WA tomorrow for rat killing devices !!! this is not helping my insomnia ... 
homesick ... 
Inside Me Is A Skinny Girl Trying To Get Out .... So I Shut Her Up With Chocolate =P 
Stupid is as stupid does ... ( Forest Gump ) 
1st day of school !!! 
I've carried children within my body , I have comforted a baby on my chest , I have kissed booboos , mended broken hearts , been puked & peed on , woke up in the middle of the night to a feverish child & more . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but .. when I look in the mirror I see a mom . ... and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a mom ! 
sometimes its not one day at a time but minute by minute , breath by breath ... and i guess if that dont work im just going to turn back into the evil \B\ " monkey ! " 
making cinn rolls with Steph mmm 
totally no motivation ... 
i wish i could change my voice on my GPS ... if i had a man with a soft southern drawl tellin me to turn right id never leave the car .... 
ahh sunshine ! makes everything seem better ... 
what a beautiful day ! took < PROPFEMALE > for a walk , just love how you can walk on the little roads thru the fields here and she didnt even roll in the \organic fertilizer\ " woo hoo " 
well my concert curse strikes again , Ozzy concert postponed .. i give up 
ok i know some of you are serious history buffs , i need a speech that basically changed the world any ideas ??? i need to find video am trying to find something that not EVERYONE always uses ... this is for my son thanks if you can help 
ok off to buy groceries ... again 
A politician sees his family every day . A deployed soldier : once in six months . A politician flies first class . A soldier : C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced . A soldier : Clawed back at 65 . The politician enjoys an expense account . The soldier : must justify extra rations . The politician vows to defend his country . The soldier makes sure he keeps that promise . REPOST if you support your troops 
hmm with my concert luck maybe i should try to go see < PROPFIRST > bieber ?? 
watching < PROPFIRST > Iglesias videos with my daughter , not much better than a good laugh 
I HAVE LEARNED COMMON SENSE , IS NOT SO COMMON ..... (( ha ha i stole this of course , thanks < PROPFEMALE > !! )) 
i like it on the chair 
cold and rainy , perfect weather for a nap and warm chocolate chip cookies .... 
long walk with my dog , perfect weather , flea market , so far a great day ... 
How did we meet ? Copy this in your status and see who remembers ! 
went to a small fest , they were serving a steak with a fried egg on top and big strips of bacon on top of that , looked yummy , i think you eat it with 2 aspirin and 3 lipitor ..... :) 
power corrupts , and absolute power corrupts absolutely ..... ( deep thought by Lord Acton ) 
oops cant share steph's dress until homecoming lol 
where is my maid ??? 
sister is in labor ... im almost an auntie again !! 
ok ... im just going to post this as my status because alot of you make me smile , even if you dont know it , you write funny things ( and spell them wrong , lol ) or take the time to chat with me , so this goes out to ALOT of y'all -- this is a FRIENDSHIP BALL . Throw it back to someone else who means something to you ! A ball is a circle , no beginning , no end . It keeps us ... together like our circle of friends ! 
beautiful fall day .. walked in the park with my daughter and < PROPFEMALE > , ... 
useless fact .. The color red DOES NOT make bulls go crazy . Bulls are color blind , but if you want to try this out for yourself dont let me stop you 
\Go . \ " is the shortest complete sentence in the English language . " 
i need a vacation .... 
\The things you're crying about today 
was good to get away this weekend , now i need a huge kitchen and dining room for all my beautiful Polish pottery :) 
1 batch of pumpkin bread + 1 batch of Merediths yummy pumpkin dip + 1 girl way too anxious to lick the beaters = pumpkin dip covered mom and kitchen .... good times .. how did none get on Steph ?? 
dismal and gloomy .... and its that way OUTSIDE too ... 
in honor of Vetrans Day my husband is my profile picture this week , sometimes i forget to thank him for all he gives up . Thanks < PROPMALE > .. 
Tomorrow is the most important thing in life . Comes into us at midnight very clean . It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands . It hopes we've learned something from yesterday . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( 1907 - 1979 ) 
From the 14th to the 16th of november change your profile picture to your childhood's ( or current ^^) favourite cartoon character - and make others do the same ! Our goal is to have no real faces on facebook , only childhood memories ! Because it's good to be a kid !! :) 
Illesheim Ladies ! dont forget its < PROPMALE > /American Thanksgiving tonight at 6:30 at the Longbow entertainment will be a < PROPMALE > Mens choir 
Its Diabetes Awareness month . It isn't pink or sexy , it doesn't involve boobs , football players , or cute shirts . Its about being grateful when yourloved one wakes up in the morning . Its about 3am blood checks , needles , low blood sugars , and the smell of insulin on your hands after changing a pump site or filling a syringe .... That's a diabetic's LIFE . Post if you love someone with diabetes ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > McGill : I'll tell you what I am - I'm the damn paterfamilias ! ... welcome to my world lol 
ok am crabby and snippy , (( yeah nothing new )) going to try \again \ " to go to sleep " 
The Letter ' R ' is on the left side of the keyboard , and ' L ' is on the right side .... ok as if some of us dont have enough trouble with our left and right .... 
ready for my after church nap .... i should have been a cat 
today is proof that getting out of bed is totally over-rated ... :( BLAHHHHHH 
Hope you all have a really blessed Thanksgiving ! 
it is damn cold ! time for some hot chocolate and peppermint schnapps !! 
Please say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 
In 1916 , the temperature in Montana dropped 100 degrees in ONE DAY . \ 
\ 
On January 23rd , 1916 a massive cold front passed through Browning , MT and took the temperature from 44°F to -56°F over a period of 24 hours ! This 100 degree drop still stands as the most drastic temperature change over a period of one day in U.S. history . 
CHRISTMAS SCAM WARNING !! PLEASE READ : If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms in the air , DO NOT do this . It is a SCAM ! They just want to see you naked . Please copy and paste this to your status . ( I wish I had received this yesterday . I feel so stupid now ... ) 
feels like im stuck in that movie \groundhog day\ " or was that yesterday ..... :( " 
ok why when they number buildings do they go in bizarre order ?? 5025 , 5026 5027 , oops , 5030 , 5031 , 5032 , oops , 5034 , 6000 , did the other ones get sucked into the earth ?? and pop out a mile away ?? and is it so hard to make the < PROPFIRST > BIG and visible from the road ?? just sayin ..... ARHGHHHHH 
goin to bed done enough damage for 1 day .... 
what a depressing day .. but my daughter is awesome , she put on some 80's rock and metal , and made us chocolate chip cookies , you rock < PROPFEMALE > 
Snake said , put me in your pocket so i can get warm , Possum said , but you will bite me . Snake said , NO i promise i wont , Possum put snake in his pocket . Possum said , ' You Bit Me ! After all I did for you ! Why did you go and bite me ? ' \ 
Snake said , ' You knew I was a snake when you put me in your pocket . ' .. a snake's a snake ... 
time to beat my teenager ... i need a vacation .... 
its an ugly day in the marak house ..... 
i really need some sunshine !! 
desperately need a vacation !!!!! 
22 years yesterday , wow i am OLD ! 
what to make for dinner ........ 
THE SENILITY PRAYER : \ 
< PROPMALE > me the senility to forget the people \ 
I never liked anyway , \ 
The good fortune to run into the ones I do , and \ 
The eyesight to tell the difference 
sooo unmotivated ..... 
i think its in there somewhere .... AND ITS RED 
church and out to breakfast with my favorite daughter , :) 
I do Not consider myself Insane , just Mentally Hilarious ! 
i think im going to paint a sun on my wall , sooo tired of grey skies !!!! 
ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . Too many to mention have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status ... of all my friends 
ahh there IS a sun !!! 
bored , bitchy , and blahhhhh 
woo hoo new freezer , finally have room for the important stuff , (( ice cream )) lol 
does any one know where the floh- markt is tomorrow ??? it disappeared from my events !! 
3AM wide awake .... 
whew ! ~ passed my sociology class ! 
lemon 
ahh sitting in the sunshine at a winery \sampling\ " sometimes life is VERY good ! " 
I was on the toilet this morning , eating an awesome fried egg sandwich and ... What ? You think there's something wrong with eating in the bathroom ? Did that gross you out ? Then why do people suggest breastfeeding mothers feed their babies in the bathroom ? If you're a fan of parents rights , I DARE you to put this up as your status ... I'm proudly a HUGE Advocate for breastfeeding ! 
really wish life gave you one free \start over\ " :( " 
