I wish I was home ............. I swear I'm the only person who still has to work in a blizzard . :( 

I wish it stops snowing !!!! I dont wanna drive in the snow . :( 
YAAAAAAA ............... I'm going home !!!! 
Back at work again ....... I'm on the grind all day every day ! 
This is the beginning of a new day . You have been given this day to use as you will . You can waste it or use it for good . What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it . When tomorrow comes , this day will be gone forever ; in its place is something that you have left behind ... let it be something good 
This is supposed to be my day off ............... But I got stuck at work again ! It's all good caus that means 8hrs OT :D 
Back at work today :-( 
This snow is starting to get on my last nerve .... HURRY UP SPRING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Damn ...... They really got me at work on a satuday . Worked the last three weekends in a row when I was supposed to be off . I swear they trying to work me to death !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Tuesday is really my monday ..... I had to take the day off yesterday , needed some rest !!!!! Back at work and feeling refreshed ! 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!! THE WEEKEND ID GOING TO BE BEAUTIFUL ! HOPE EVERY ONE ENJOYS IT AND DO SOMETHING FUN ! 
Good Morning ! This is the beginning of another beautiful day !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Im soooooooooooo bored ! Finally have a day off and have nothing to do with myself 
Had a long couple of days ......... Now I get to enjoy relaxing night at home with the hubby !!!!! 
One more day till friday ............. Can't wait ! Time to make weekend plans . 
HAPPY FRIDAY !!!!! 
BEEN OFF DA MAP WAAAAAY TOO LONG ................. SO TELL ME FB FAM , WHERE DA PARTY AT TOMORROW NIGHT ??????? 
I want to thank all the friends and family who came out this weekend and making this event a success . I know Auntie < PROPFIRST > was truly happy to see all of her friends and family come together in her honor ! 
It ' been a looong exhusting week ....... Happy the weekend is finally here ! 
Just came from City Island , haven't been there in years ! Sammy's ...... Yummy !!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > quote : Understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in hono ... r of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding 
GOOD MORNING FB FAM !..... ONE DAY TILL FRIDAY AND ITS GONNA BE BEAUTIFUL THIS WEEKEND ! 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond . If you know me well , you know 1 . ) I am ___________ 2 . ) I love ___________ 3 . ) I can't stand ___________ . This should be fun . ( Be nice ) 
Battle between the mind and the heart ...... Which one is going to win ?????? 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man ... stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
At work on a sunday ....... bored outta my mind :-( 
At work , pulling an all nighter ........ Wish I was home with the hubby :-( 
Thinking up my master plan ! 
Ok ... So im at work sitting at my desk n people want to come n talk . Can someone tell me y all the funky people want to talk to me ? People can u was ur a ** b4 u step into my office !!! 
GM FB ! Another day . . . Another $ , lets get this paper ! 
IT'S FRIDAY !!! Where's the BBQ's ? 
Hope everyone had a wonderful holiday weekend 
Bangin out this O.T. on this good good sunday !! 
Hope everyone had a good thanksgiving and thanx for all the b-day shout outs !! 
ONLY THE STRONG WILL SURVIVE !!!!!!! 
Ok FB Fam , help me out . Should I continue being nice , loving and caring when people clearly don't deserve it , or should I be the mean \B\ " that I used to be ? Those of u who knows me from back in the day knows what im talking about ! " 
Irritated early in da AM 
2 more hours 
I HATE THE SNOW !!!! 
lime to a lemon 
taking about yall can stop me u cant stop a nose bleed 
as long as my pockets were fat didnt give a fuck where the bitch was at 
u only know what u c you dont understand what it takes 2 b me 
Finished all my work b4 lunch so now I'm sitting here bored as hello . 
Sever had been down all day , I can't work without my computer ! So I spent a whole day doing nothing ! 
SMH .... servers still down , another 8 hrs of my life I will never get bavk ! 
Back on da grind early in da AM 
Ugh ! Y is it snowing again 
Sometimes we have to know when to give up da fight 
Good food , good drinks , good movie . Now what else do I need to complete da nite ? 
Woke up this morning ready to make some papa but I cant get to work cause the < PROPFEMALE > line always shutting down ! 
Half hour left till da weekend ! 
Vibing off dat old school flow ! 
Today was a loooong day ... time to kick back n chill 
Stressful day ..... Need dat Henny on tuesday ! 
I hate inconsiderate awe people 
Had 2 sneak our 4 a min ... beautiful day for February ! 
Back 2 reality ! 
Time for dinner ... Salmon and rice ! 
What's 4 lunch ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > is truly a b ... when u treat the person who's good to u like shit ... u get treated like shut in return ! 
uggg .. y do people luv 2 piss me off ??? 
Its fucked up when u gotta b around the person u can't stand looking at ! 
Tried a new recipe today ... Chicken Chile ... it came out delicious , perfect for this rainy day ! 
Nice day 2 stay in da bed ... but an even nicer day 2 make dem dollas ! 
What's for dinnet ??? 
Is it 5 yet ?? 
I have da Monday morning blues :-( 
I'm a big ass kid ... y do I have hot wheels and < PROPFEMALE > all over my desk ! 
Up early making this paper . 
Help ... I need some dinner ideas ! 
Money is da motive to get through this day ! 
So the big boss is in the office today being a pain in da ass like always ... on the phone all morning mad loud and obnoxious ! 
