Boom boom fire power ! Happy 4th !!! 

is freezing cold at the moment 
ugh ... I need to update my facebook more often ... 
loving the show ' home movies ' in adult swim lawlz 
... if nautical nonsense be something you wish ... :) 
I have decided ... I'm gonna be a crazy cat lady when I'm old ... and can't walk . :) 
this is the first saturday in a long time where i've been able to sleep in .... i almost forgot what sleeping in past 6 felt like ha ha :)) 
I am sooooooo bored . I don't want to go to school tomorrow , either . :( 
I love The Office . :) 
... some people piss me off so much ... 
Fall Break ! :) 
dead baby jokes are terrible but hilarious at the same time rofl 
I play facebook games a lot ... 
Ahhhh ! I dyed my hair ( again) ! :) 
I hate when my Tivo gains intelligence and records shows that I don't watch ... 
went to taco < PROPFEMALE > for lunch today and these peeps from broken arrow came ( an entire busload ) and these 3 chicks were like breathing down my neck ! So annoying , but I didn't make a scene ha ha 
PICHAZ !! of me and mah new hurr .... * cough * okay . I'll stop trying now ha ha . But seriously , check it ouuuuuuuttttah . :D 
I love cooking ha ha 
Southmoore's goin to the playoffs tonight ! Kill me an Eagle woot woot !!!!! lol 
omg my ankle hurts like a mofo damnit 
I am so ....... 
It's finally turkey day and I am soooooo hungry ! Can't wait to go to my gma's on a couple of hours to eat ! :) 
Thanksgiving ended 1 hour and 34 minutes ago ... bummer ha ha time for leftovers !!! 
... cuz I'm a punkrocker , yes I am ! 
... someone stole my freaking piece of crap phone ... DAMMIT ! I am now without a phone until christmas ... 
I have a debate tournament this weekend and I'm not ready ha ha ha ..... crap 
knew she would be regretting sleeping 13 hours yesterday .... I can't sleep ! 
So , I woke up today with my cat sleeping on my chest-her butt to my face , mind you . She stands up and what do I see ? A poople dangling from her hind-end . So , I literally woke up with shit in my face . Wonderful way to start the day . 
I made a Christmas hat yesterday to go ice-skating in ! I need to get a pic up ... I'm proud of myself lol 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!!!!! :D 
has not gone to bed yet . :o 
Spring Semester textbooks : between $365.65 and $487.55 , depending on how many used I can get ... college manages to suck the life out of me even while on vacation ... -.- 
womAn = one , womEn = many -.- 
GO PACK GO ! :) 
#83 Walden is an absolute BEAST this game ! GO PACK GO ! 
TOUCHDOWN PACKERS :D 
Quelqu'un que je connais aime juste drame ... lol 
I ..... am a closet < PROPFEMALE > fan ... I am addicted to the movies ... lol ... secrets out now ha ha 
omg I finally watched the hangover .... rofl 
.... must ... type ... essays ..... damnit 
my dog makes me sad sometimes nowadays .... he's pretty old and he struggles with arthritis a lot ... :( 
Why is it so hard for people to live in reality ?? 
I've discovered that I am a closet classical music junkie .... :) 
I love photography ... it makes me look at the world from a different persective ... it makes the world beautiful for me :) 
doesn't know which photos to print off .... hmmmm :) 
has really bad razor burn on her legs ... :( owie 
just got done cruisin with < PROPFEMALE > lmao ' OMG , they're in a Cadillac ! HIDE ' lolololol :) 
I <3 the Olympics :-D 
I HAVE MY LAPTOP BACK !!! lol :]] 
OMG everyone needs to play Robot Unicorn Attack on adultswim.com! !!!! 
PUMPED for next weekend ! :]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]]] 
omg .... need to not get so distracted so easily 
I've come to realize that remixed music is great for when you are HYPER ha ha like I am ..... * head-bang * 
music = <3 
I need to get a good night's sleep so I can debate my arse off tomorrow . Yes , I am a nerd . :]] 
Can't wait for Spring Break :]] 
Family Guy is probably the funniest cartoon ever ... and the ' p ' on my keyboard is messed up ... 
Baseball game tonight ! Southmoore vs . Yukon at Yukon !! Whoooooo go SHS baseball !!! :)) 
Don't talk to me ' cause I'm busy preparing for the end of the world . 
My right eye is so swollen , it looks like someone punched me . :( 
I certainly know how to start my Spring Break off with a bang ... literally . Fell off my horse this morning and hit my head , hard . Blacked out for about 45 seconds and was taken to the hospital . Feel like a pin cushion because they coulsn't get an IV in and I have this massive head ache . Other than that , I feel pretty good ... well except that I pretty much can't do anything for a week ... :\\ 
ugh ... going back to daytime scheduling is gonna SUCK when spring break is over ... :\\ 
that night i slept , on your side of the bed so , it was ready when you got home , we're like nails and crosses in that opposites always attract . 
my ankle keeps popping in a really painful way lol it's annoying 
ugh ... phone won't let me send a freaking text and it's irritating me ... all the technology that I own is freaking dying on me ... what's next ? My car ? damn it ... 
Ha ha bye-bye unconstitutional health < PROPMALE > ( law ? BS ? I don't know what to call it other than complete CRAP ! ) Bye-bye democratic majority . The passing of this ' health care reform ' is something you democrats will regret for a loooong time . Way to ignore the people of this country , way to piss them off and way to show your true selves-snakes-to the American people . 
< PROPFEMALE > is , in fact , a virtue that is rewarded . :D 
Sometimes phones just suck . 
Ugh why can't I get to sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeep ? 
Thank god fo retarded assemblies ! I get a three hour lunch because of them ! :) 
Perfect evening ahead ... just had fantastic chinese and am watching the lovely bones ... the only thing that would make this better would be if he were here :) 
I always have to wonder if we really are growing up ... 
Life gets crazier and crazier the closer we get to the ' real ' world . What can we do but be swept along ? Is this adulthood ? I'd rather be a kid forever ! 
My phone hates me ! :( 
Poop on a cracker ! :o 
There's only so much I can take before I break down ... :\\ 
I honestly have no idea what I would do if everything I owned was destroyed in a tornado . :\\ I've been lucky ... 
3 more days ! :) 
I am officially an Alumni of Southmoore High School . Thank you to all the teachers that have put up with me , my family for always being there through thick and thin , and the friends I have made a long the way . Each and everyone of you have shaped me to be the person I am today and there is no word that can be used to describe how thankful I am to all of you . I LOVE YOU ! :) 
Girl I gotta know how you dance like that , dance like that/ ' cause you're puttin on a show ... 3OH ! 3 <3 
Lukewarm Dr. Pepper does not go down well , ladies and gentlemen . Just thought I should fore warn you all ... 
My hair ... is pink . Vibrant , hot pink . It's actually pretty bad ass , too . :) 
Ah now my hair is a much less shocking color . No more \sneaky\ " pictures taken of my hair while I'm eating at a restaurant . LOL " 
Okay , so i didn't make you \fall for me\ " so don't throw a bitch fit when I don't feel the same . We don't know each other that well and I have stuff planned for my life that I'm not just gonna throw away for a stupid boy . -.- Geez people piss me off sometimes . LOL " 
So , I may have to put my dog down . He's old , his arthritis is terrible no matter what we do , and he kept getting random nosebleeds today . :( 
Sometimes I wonder why I do the things I do . Its wrong but I find that I don't care ? 
hanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! I just got back home and seeing as I don't have internet where I'm staying , I can't check my facebook and stuff . So yeah , I'm 18 ! :) 
What's black , white , and delicious with every bite ? 
\I'm so sorry ! I've really lost my head . All those words you said ... \ " :) " 
No texts = No love :( 
\I didn't even notice anything was wrong/ I didn't even notice that my heart had been stolen . \ " <3 " 
Some people are such fucking assholes that I don't even know what to do anymore .. :\\ 
Las nite I was all droppn dem thizzles and this bitch all walkd up to me makn small talk tryina get w/ me and I was all like u must be trippin u ain't got shitt 
Another broken promise , another wasted effort . :\\ 
\And so I stayed up all night/ Slept in all day/ This is my sound/ Thinkin ' bout tomorrow won't change how I feel today\ " <3 Matt&Kim " 
Fuck guys .. nothing but disappointment after disappointment :\\ 
Rain makes me emo . Cheer me up ? :/ 
Anyone got any smart pills ? Cause I need them BADD , I've been stuuupid lately .. :/ 
let's see what excuse you use this time 
It's good to be home for a few hours . :) 
wow -.- 
Guess what I did yesterday ! :) 
Only two more weeks ! :) 
Agh ! So tired ! 
I hate when I feel lazy because I never make good food . I'm eating rice ... how ....... BLAH ! -.- 
YAY :) Home for a week and then it's off to campus to move into the dorms ! I so excited ! =D 
Facebook needs to stop with the glitches . It's kind of annoying . :/ 
RELEASE THE KRAKKEN ! =D 
\you should come see me \"..\" give me a good reason to \"...\" i've got 7 inches of good reason\ " LOL people are so funny hahahahahahahahaha " 
Someone needs to freaking text me because I'm supah bored ! And had an energy drink ! :O 
That was seriously the most delicious salad I have ever made ! =D 
Its so nice to finally be able to feel the right half of my face . I hate going to the dentist . :/ 
So you think you can dance is probably my favorite show ever ! =D 
Some people are so amazingly stupid , I wonder how they survived to be as old as they are . :/ 
I have like the super munchies . :o 
Walls are too bare ! D: Can't wait to get some personality into this room ! :D 
I'm so excited to finish my room ! But my bank account will only last for so long until I get a job again . :(( 
This freaking internet connection is really starting to irk me . :/ 
I wish you wouldn't make killing her sound so much like killing her . 
Where oh where has my summer gone ? Where oh where can it beeeeeeeeeee ? :( 
Class tomorrow . Laundry still not done . Fun times , fun times . 
I'm so cold . :o 
Homework . 
could really use a graphing calculator right about now .. 
I really hate freaking math . >:( 
psychology :] 
A long slow night filled with Family Guy humor :) 
Tonight is not my night it seems . Can't find my phone , it's somewhere in my car/room and I locked myself out of my freaking dorm . I'm just gonna go to bed . -.- 
Fightint in a basement offers a'lotta difficulties , number one bein ' , you're fightin ' in a basement . 
To top my night off , I forgot that my dog is going to be put down tomorrow . :( 
Just got a printer in my room . So excited :) 
Sprained ankles are not fun . \\ : 
Fight on my floor . I love people . They're so funny . LMAO 
is eating really cheesy , greasy pizza ... can't decide if it's good or gross 
Fucking sore throat sucks ass ): 
yay for walking to class . in the rain . with an already sore throat . -.- 
Central Plaza lobby is pretty awesome late at night (: 
Raman noodles are so yummy when you have tonsilitus and can't eat or swallow just about everything . :) 
Really hate when I can't sleep . :/ 
We're playing a game , it's called burny-burny cut-cut . 
Insomnia we meet again . 
Well I have a clue/oh , wouldn't it be nice/to never be alone in this wasted life ? <3 Cartel ! 
What's wrong with wanting to be a kid all over again ? :) 
it's really inconvenient when the internet is slow ... :/ 
FML . fucking FML . -.- 
asdfklghaerwqgndsgz ; bxhadf :/ 
So .... I'm kinda sorta really bored ... 
It's only three in the afternoon and I'm already ready to go back to sleep ... 
Hmmmmm I have the urge to get another tattoo ... but of what , I have no clue . :p 
A broken home , \ 
A broken heart , \ 
Isolated and afraid , \ 
Open up this is a raid , \ 
I wanna get it through to you , \ 
You're not alone . \ 
<3 You Are Not Alone by < PROPFEMALE > Staples 
So , I'm getting back into the debate thing again ! :) Super excited to be reading all this intellectual crap . Judging at the < PROPMALE > North tournament tomorrow . Can't wait to see the Southmoore team there ! ( : 
Dropped my phone in water and now it's messing up :( 
Don't hate , or discriminate . Just pollinate :) I love you Rissaaaaaaaaa 
Come one Packers ! You can do it ! :] 
Freaking worst evening ever . Laptop screen is broken . It'll take two weeks to get it fixed last I heard . Cramping like a bitch and it hurts so much I'm about to pass out , but I can't because I have a room that looks like a tornado and a hurricane simultaneously ran rampant . :( No fun for < PROPFEMALE > . 
Already been awake for almost two hours . So unusual to be up this early for no reason . It's amazing what a good night's rest can do for you ! :) 
When are we self-improved enough to accept ourselves ? 
If you had a friend who spoke to you the same way you speak to yourself , how long would that person be your friend ? Answer honestly . 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ! :] 
I'm so glad that I'm super comfortable around the boyfriend (: 
Would you rather lose all of your old memories , or never be able to make new ones ? 
Watching : The Cave ! Should I be doing something productive ? Yes . Do I care right now ? No . :] 
I'm so burnt out on school . I should have taken a year off so my brain can chill . It's all catching up to me , especially this first semester . :\\ 
loves shopping online (: 
late night study session to get to wear I need to be for my classes ! :) 
Can't wait till GOP has majority in Congress again :) good things will happen 
An earache is not my idea of good time :( 
Ugh ... fourty-five minutes until my next class . What to do , what to do ?.... 
Ugh ... don't feel good :( 
Did you mean for those words to go together or did they just fall out of your mouth randomly ? 
Well .... the freaking phone doesn't work anymore . Glad to know technology is so dependable . :( 
Phone's working :) but lost some of my contacts :( 
As soon as my mom comes home , I'm going out to eat with the family ! :) 
We need to stop paying administrators so much freaking money so that schools can afford the required number of teachers so that kids don't have to sit in overcrowded classrooms , not learning a damn thing . This government crap is so stupid . 
Totally not gonna go to bed so that I can be up at three a.m. for Black Friday shopping .... oh joys 
TSA- They've now handled more packages than the US Postal Service :] 
Almost time to go shopping !!! haha 
ugh 
Why is my fish not eating ? :( 
Sleep : I wish you and I were on better terms . 
They say I'm brain-washed but I'm in love with this man . 
Yo ! Check out my writings and stuff over at fictonpress.com/~arandomwriter . It would please me very much :] 
Hmmm ... what to do what to do till my class starts .... hmmmmmm 
OMG it's already Wednesday ! Just one more day and my weekend officially starts :] 
In regards to the ' enhanced security ' at aiports thanks to teh TSA : Too many people are okay because teh full-body scan/enhanced < PROPFIRST > down is to keep them safe . ' It's okay to tolerate it if it stops another underwear bomber , right ? ' Well what about when some terrorists sticks an explosive up his anal orifice ? Does that mean we'll have to deal with full body cavity searches just to fly a plane ? 
The < PROPFEMALE > Hawkins dance ! In my khaki pants ! There's nothing better ! Oh ! Oh ! Oh ! The girls ask the guys ! It's always a surprise ! There's nothing better ! Baby do you like my sweater ? 
Republicans and Democrats in office are the same nowadays : out of touch with the average American . 
This is me being extremely bored ... 
breakfasttt 
Only three more finals tests to go and then I am done with the first semesterrrrrrr :] 
With all the times I've been lied to it's a wonder I still believe people will do what they say . 
Why can't there be welfare reform ? 2 and 1/2 years limit . In that two years you can either go to vo-tech or get a two year degree . In that time every need is taken care of : child-care , food , low-cost housing , education . Then after the two years , you have six months to get a job in whatever skill set you learned . After that , tough luck . 
Oh why not join in :\ 
Confession time . \ 
2010 is almost over . Confess\ 
something ( inbox only ! ) you always\ 
wanted to tell me . Put this as your\ 
status you might be surprised 
ahahaha :] 
New phone and mumber ! Text me your numberr :) 
Ignore my lastost ... my phone has your < PROPFIRST > already :) 
My new number is : 905-0954 :] 
I love my family . I love my family . I love my family . -.- 
hmmmmm ..... 
Sleep time ! 3:30 is gonna come super fasttt :D 
Wisconsin here I come ! 
Hmmm .... good Christmas . Time with the extended family went much better than usual . Some other things .... still up in the air . Hmmm ... 
I am God , hear me pop ! 
INTERCEPTION BY COLLING AND PACKERS HAVE WON THE GAME ! 
My head told my heart ' let love grow ' but my heart told my head ' this time no ' :) 
Just finished my resume ! New job here I come ! :] 
Is it bad if I want to see < PROPFIRST > Vick cry by the end of this game ? Go Packers ! 
GO PACKERS ! Show them Eagles how it's done ! 
Blegh I don't feel good . Do I have to go to class ? :/ 
Let's see ... So far I've wanted to go for my bachelor's for photography , and then it was psychology , then poli-sci , then back to photography , and now it's a tie between public relations and chemical engineering .... what else will I want to be ' when I grow up' ? 
When I go to a restaurant this is what I like to do : order it , eat it , and beat it . (: 
Nothing quite like classic < PROPMALE > n < PROPFIRST > cartoons to go to sleep to (: 
So this mega-cutie who sits next to me in my chemistry class will * not * distract me during class . (: 
Oh , kettle corn you are my one true love . ( : 
got up and showered for class only to have a text from the college saying campus won't be open till noon today . Fantastic . Now I only have my 4 (!!!) hour lab today . 
We're going to the Super Bowl ! LET'S GO PACKERS ! 
Pinocchio ! 
Hmmm so many things on my mind and no way to express these thoughts ... 
loves it when she sees her grandma has ' liked ' a status or photo of hers . Absolutely hilarious ! (: 
How come I am the only one to have never heard of snow ice-cream ? :O 
You know there's too much snow when there's like a million people on your chat-list on facebook . -.- 
Just officially had my night made after listening to the Green & Yellow song by Lil ' < PROPMALE > ( Wiz Khalifa cover ) ... good stuff ahahaha (: 
Just thought I'd let everyone know that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , is a cold-hearted , ice-cream denying jerk . 
I'll admit , I have an extreme dislike for the Westboro Baptist Church and the hatred and close-mindedness they promote . However , I don't think the appropriate manner to deal with them is spewing the same hatred and close-mindedness . The ' eye for an eye ' mentallity will accomplish nothing except create even more violence and hate . Rise above the hatred so you don't fall down to the level of those you condemn . 
After finding around 30 new songs that I'm gonna obsess over , I think it's time for me to sleep (: 
Super Bowl !! ( : 
Touchdown ! Hell yeah baby ! Keep it up Green Bay !! ( : 
GO PACK GO ! Touchdown baby !! ( : 
Packers ? Where'd you go ? Blegh ..! 
Packers won the Super Bowl !!! Wooooooooo ! 
