HANGER :) 

not feelin good 
i got 200 pages to read yea !!!!! 
im just so happy i cant explain it 
hannngarrrr ! 
FUCKIN RIGHT !!!!! 
SO WHO WANTS TO GO OUT ??? lol 
should i 3 nights in a row ? lol idk 
its the weekend !!! for me haha 
going get a fresh cut 
Republic with the fellas . Text me !!! 
Some people see things as they are and say \Why . \ " I dream things that never were and say \ " Why not . \"" 
This little light of mine ... Im gunna let it shine 
I hate how SOME girls are so beautiful but so stupid . 
My income tax just came in .... and it put a big smile on my face ;) 
\A bend in the road is not the end of the road ... unless you fail to make the turn . \"" 
il just do abs tonight ;) 
got rained out . so im home bored :( 
A Who DatMobile ???? come on this is going to far lol 
I just ran 3 miles .... AND IT FEELS SO GOOD !!! 
If any girl would like to take my heart out my chest and keep it forever now would be a good time to do so . Because i am single and ready to mingle ;) 
If you don't think every day is a great day , try going without one . 
She wanna bone she look * at me like im a skeleton ;) 
is about to kill his abs . YEAHHH !!!! lol 
sometimes we dont get what we want in life because the things that we need will come later ; ) 
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up . 
you are beyond my reach , i can only say things that will help you . only u can change who u are and the way u feel . why must u count on other people to make u feel better ??? i just cant understand or help anymore . Thank God for what u have and the person u are . things could be alot worst . 
Shit happens .. So get over it ; ) 
Who's butler ? 
Today feels like a good day to make some $$ $.$ $ 
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss , cry , or dream ... 
If u Fu**ing wit me , really Fu**ing wit me u let her put her hands in your pants be my little freak- usher . 
Why am I fighting to live if I'm just living to fight ? Why am I trying to see when there ain't nothing in sight ? Why am I trying to give when no one gives me a try ? Why am I dieing to live if I'm just living to die ? 
Wish I was doin the bridge run but stacking dead presidents in my pocket feels better $ 
Hey everyone !!! I'm going take a shower !!! 
Auf tu tha < PROPMALE > 
A fool hath no delight in understanding , but that his heart may discover itself- proverbs 18:2 
U lack imagination , creativity and ingenuity . How you supossed to do you when all you try to do is me !!! 
Failure is an instrumental part of every success . Whether our life has been a triumph or tragedy can only be judged at its very end . 
When I first saw u I already knew there was somthing inside of you . Somthing I thought that I would never find . Angel of mine . 
think you can touch me ? Well trust me . it get ugly , when the water get wet , hope you got duck feet- boosieeee 
I hate when I don't know why ... 
6 more days till my b-day ! 
Theeee timmmeeee isssss goooiinnngg byyyy waaayyyy tttoooo sllllooowww ..... 
It's time to get up , get out and get some ... 
14 hours !!!! I can't wait to see this check :) 
Can't wait to get off work ! Goin get tatted up then goin to mcguires for my b- day !!! Wahhh 
< PROPMALE > this is javaunn we're both drunk happy bdayy my nigga wahhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
I wish everyday was my birthday ! Lol had a great one . Thank u everyone for the bday wishes I love y'all . Goodnight ! 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . Dr. Seuss 
Why do the good die young god ? 
I wanna go swimming !!! 
I'm clean like a virgin in detergent . 
Chillen on break . Man it's hot outside but paper chasin is my occupation and I don't have time for wastin . I need some water . 
Is anyone thirsty ? 
I got money to blow ... so where should I go ??? hmmmm 
Believe nothing , no matter where you read it , or who said it , no matter if I have said it , unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense . 
Life is a gamble and I'm running out of poker chips ..... 
Goodnight 
What do u call a women with one leg ? 
Where does the one legged waitress work ? 
Shorty let me love you D \ 
O\ 
W\ 
N 
*** im raising the bar , i shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > but im to busy gazing at stars *** 
It’s true we don’t know what we’ve got until its gone , but we don’t know what we’ve been missing until it arrives . 
Netflix is the shit !!! 
Beamer , Benz or bentley ? 
going run my fatass 3 < PROPMALE > hahhaha 
I would rather be able to appreciate things I cannot have than to have things I am not able to appreciate . 
going wash the whip . 
What you do speaks so loud that i cannot hear what you say . 
Don't trip do the k heart dip . 
i am beyond hungover ........ i think im overhung . 
It's more than just a mission , you hear but u don't listen . You better pay attention and get what u been missin . 
i love my life and how everything is going right now . thank u god for blessing me with every beautiful day i live beacuse i know life can be short somtimes . everything is falling into place : ) 
He that keepeth his mouth keepeth his life : but he that openeth wide his lips shall have destruction . - proverbs 13:3 
About to wake the neighborhood up 
Life isnt about waiting for the storm to pass ; its about learning how to dance in the rain . 
i love the way you lie ... 
I wake up to get my cake up . 
R.I.P. to the girl you used to see her days are over . Baby she’s over I’ve decided to give you all of me , Baby come closer , baby come closer , I’m ready for ya ! 
Patients suffer every day because of man made medicines , foods , chemicals ect . God gave us all we need to heal and cope ..... and man picks this < PROPMALE > and makes it illegal . \ 
\ 
Why do we have to be dying to get permission from a Man to use something God made ? 
Never seen a Asian bounce so hard 
ber i need ber !!! 
Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me\ 
That’s why I pick and choose , I don’t get sh-t confused\ 
I got a small circle , I’m not with different crews\ 
We walk the same path , but got on different shoes\ 
Live in the same building , but we got different views\ 
I got a couple cars I never get to use\ 
Don’t like my women single , I like my chicks in twos- DRAKE 
Meet me on the fresh train\ 
Yes , I’m in the building , you just on the list of guest names\ 
And all of my riders do not give a f-ck , X Games\ 
Guns turn you boys into bitches , sex change\ 
And I smoke ’til I got chest pains\ 
And you n-ggas know I rep my game like < PROPFIRST > James\ 
Women all possessive , and they wanna possess < PROPMALE > \ 
I been fly so long I fell asleep on the fuckin plane- < PROPMALE > 
Do I love you because you're beautiful , \ 
Or are you beautiful because I love you ? 
goin run a few < PROPMALE > 
watching a movie without my <3 i wish she was here ; ( 
I'm stuck to the seat with no seatbelt don't worry bout me I don't need help ! 
the day came when the risk to remain tight in a < PROPMALE > was more painful than the risk it took to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Girl u have to settle for mr. right ... not mr. right in front of you . haaaaaa 
lets just act like that never happened ... smh 
to everyone thats going out tonight and getting drunk .... yall be careful i love ya . 
I love music 
They can say what they want ima keep my head up , the thought of me losing never crossed my mind . so why its hard for the streets to believe me ? hate it or love it baby im gone shine !!! 
im eating chocolate chip cookies every night dog . 
You cannot climb a mountain if you will not risk a fall . 
To the gym !!! 
I got my gun in my boo purse and I don't bust back because I shoot first !!! Wahhhh 
Dont wait till the last second to tell someone how u feel about everything . cuz that might be THE last second they feel anything . 
Goin run without my running < PROPMALE > cuz she is lazy . 
yea i got feelings but my first real old lady left with them , and refused to give'em back so im rollen like that . Ether u love me or u love me not .... ima be me . 
Tat tat tatted up !!! 
BaKinG Br0WNi3S 
Merrily , merrily , merrily , merrily ..., Life is but a dream . 
It ' feels sooooo goooooood outside ! 
the money keep growing yea its growin like a < PROPFEMALE > . 
Tbh 
i plant my seed in her garden now she root for me . 
Fuck you hwy 90 and your stupid fuckin dump truck thrown shit everywhere and your stupid fuckin dead animals in the fuckin road !!! Fuck 
i want some questions !? 
Q ; i miss you , miss < PROPFEMALE > ? \ 
A : yes 
Q : Will you always be there for me ? \ 
A : yup always have and always will 
Q : Wat u been doin since u left Hahnville dawg ? \ 
A : your mom 
Q : its rainingggggggg ... you know what that means ?!! \ 
A : that u wanna get wet ;) 
I swear hwy 90 pisses me off more and more everyday !!! That's it !! I'm saving for a helicopter !! 
the wisdom teeth are out : ( 
Bye bye saint < PROPFIRST > parish !!! ; ) 
I feel like dieing !!! 
When they make it they should put my face up on a million dollar < PROPMALE > ... Cuz that's how I feel . 
So that didn't work out : / guess it's time to be happy and SINGLE !!!! Wahhhh Fwm bitches !!! 
According to the discovery channel the greatest invention of all time is beer ??? 
Going ride my bike on this beautiful sunday . Fwm . 
lost my iphone 3gs ; ( now i got the iphone 4 ! 
