decided the real in me can no longer be a hater . That being said .. congratulations to kobe < PROPMALE > for winning a championship without shaq , you are a great player ... and Beyonce , i enjoy your song \ego\ " and you are a talented performer ... man what a relief . " 

why is < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > my new show , Its like flavor of love all over again ... these are the shows that make me embarrased about BET . Man do i hope white people dont watch this stuff 
my sister and my lb both turn 30 today ... coincidence ? I think not 
I am a believer of the field grade lobotomy , IF i am ever this retarded as a < PROPMALE > please some one make me leave the army . For real people , Sand Tables , I dont have time for this mess . 
after a week in the field .. i am chillin . Caught a movie this afternoon , cleaned car , Had a drink , and about to sleep . Yeah ... thats a good weekend . 
oh snap , my first time watching true blood and the chick from how she move is on there . This may just be my show 
how did cnn do in one night what bet , upn , and the wb couldnt ? first an hour of the president , the black in < PROPFEMALE > 2 . take that ms cita , < PROPMALE > pfifer , and michigan j frog 
Ciroc , hamburger helper , and justice league unlimited ... can you imagine a better saturday ? 
put my toes up in this jambalaya ... 
i hate it when the most intelligent political statement on television is made by a comedian . The daily show asked a leading opponent to public health care , what is wrong with the public health plans we currently use for the military ? Why cant we do someth 
SO Wife and I went and saw the ugly truth last noght , good movie , but it made me realize something , I have to write my book ( Crazy/SImple Theory ) before everyone else starts sayin my stuff for free . 
My School is numer one according to forbes ... GO ARMY GO !!! 
THank you everyone for making this a great birthday . It was very Humbling . Most of all thank you to my good thing , the sweet in my tea , the butter in my biscuits , the tae in my < PROPMALE > , thank you wife for the party . and to her helpers ( McCleaves , < PROPFEMALE > ... various others ) . You only turn 3 to the third once 
Word ? Assault rifles at protest with the president ? Thats what is really good in the streets now . A dude in iraq throws shoes at the president who invaded his country , and got sent to jail , but in < PROPFEMALE > a man can walk around with an AR15 while the president is around cause he is mad and doesnt know why ? That is some kind of sad . We should be embarrased right now < PROPFEMALE > . 
ACL and henn .. that kind of week 
I love listening to people who inspire me and make me want to be a better person . My BDE commander , COL < PROPFIRST > G Fryc , is one of those people . My president is another . The underlying theme from both is that as a leader , i have a moral responsibility to help those who need it and fight for those who cant fight for themselves . one word ... character 
wife is out of town ... work on my last nerves ... friday night ... yup acl and clear . 
some crazy idea is going around that allot of the hostility and anger towards the president is because of his race . Crazy isn't it ? like people would let their personal prejudice enter their politics . racism has not been an issue in < PROPFEMALE > for decades , and it must be dead now cause we elected a black president right ? 
Man do i love watching political news ... Hint to all aspiring comedians , take what we see on Fox and MSNBC and put it all in a bit . 
great thought about healthcare from a former republican congressman , who also happens to be a doctor : why do we as a nation spend so much on healthcare , and still have comparable mortality rates , and such poor results ? our behavior . we as a nation , and as individuals make very poor individual health decisions , in what we eat , our life styles , chemicals we put in our body . interesting thought 
Getting ready for a quick trip across the water ... how many people go TDY to Iraq for a week at a time ? 
I swear , My mom has Jesus on the main Line . For those of you who dont know , she absolutely hates when i go to iraq and prays that the lord will see fit that i wouldnt have to go . This trip was scheduled for sunday , and by some fluke at the last minute was cancelled , then three days later it was rescheduled for tomorrow , and an hour ago , 18 hours before i was supposed to fly , some fluke cancels it again . My Mom ! 
how do you even begin to prepare for this stuff ... you expect to be ready for gun fights in combat , but in SRP ? What is sad is that i am right now relieved that so many of my friends stationed at FT Hood are currently in Iraq ( < PROPFEMALE > , E , Keno ) . Please pray for that whole base . Especially you mom ! 
Army leadership ... 
Giving thanks ... we all look at the seventh day of creation as God's rest day , but i don't think God actually needed to rest , i think he just took the time to reflect on what he had done and appreciated its beauty . i think that was truly the first thanks giving , and taught us all to stop , take a moment and reflect on the beauty around us , and appreciate the many blessings for what they are . 
one of the great things about being the commander is giving the guys the day off ... god knows they needed it . Leadership is servitude , and people dont care how much you know until they know how much you care . 
the army team's the pride and dream of every heart in gray , the army line you'll never find a terror in the fray , and when the team is fighting for the black , the gray , the gold , we're always near with song and cheer and this is the tale we're told , the army team , duh duh duh duh , rah rah rah boom ..... have had that mess down since the fourth day of beast 
just a thought for today . History tells us that the founding fathers of our nation were great patriots who stood up against the tyranny of taxation without representation , and the rights of all men , while at the same time had no issue with imperialism and slave ownership ... what will history say about our politicians today ? 
Christmas morning , you have to love it . As i am spending it with my wife's family , it feels like it did when i was a kid ... I think that is the gift and spirit that this season is supposed to spotlight . regardless of your faith , some how this time of year makes everyone crazy in order to make everyone happy . well in the spirit of the season , i hope everyone feels loved , and thankfull for their blessing 
It is always sombering to find that another classmate has made the ultimate sacrifice . CPT < PROPFIRST > Pena was a great man , and a great squad mate in beast . He is the tenth member of the class of 2004 to give his life in the war on terror ... \For Country and Corps \"" 
I dont understand why people say the president is an irresponsible spender ? I have seen the < PROPMALE > leadership decisions he has had to make and i have witnessed far more care and thought taken into each dime spent , especially compared to trillions spent in the years before . The only people who have loss are those who lost jobs or capital due to reckless civilians . Why are so many people so mad at the president ? 
I called my senator today ... I feel like part of the solution rather than part of the problem . Regardless of your views , please take part of the political process ... \in a democracy people get the leaders they deserve \"" 
for all of the years of being trained to hate navy ... i can honestly say i do not hate them anywhere the level i dislike Duke . Why you may ask , not for any historical rivalry , or sports issue , but the same reason people hate any school ... i didn't get in . congratulations on the victory tonight , but i still don't like you cause you rejected me before the Tarheels picked me up ... had to get that off my chest 
Just checked out the real video of close air support in Baghdad after the story by < PROPFIRST > colbert . I have my thoughts about it and especially about the way it is been portrayed but before I get on a soap box , I'd like to point out the first real interview at the heart of this issue was done on comedy central 
On the anniversary of the tea party movements coming out , I would like to reiterate the message I had 365 days ago ... really ? Twhats up manhere are this many people doing well enough that they can afford to be in the streets , buying signs and crap on a Thursday afternoon ? It must be nice . Some of us still have to go to work ... 
Awesome change of command . I will miss my guys , but I know my season has come and gone . Why were my guys trying to make me cry all morning . My dragonslayer 
13 wks 6 days 22 hours 33 minutes later ... Happy 8th birthday to the greatest line in history : the deep blu 6 ( I know I'm biased but it's our crossing day ) Taurus , enigma , breathe-ez , mercury , Hannibal ( me ) , and Samson keep MABin . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > shi and ADP skeletor , and all the brigs who helped make us , thanks 
Ft Leavenworth is officially the prettiest base I have seen in the army . Just went to the buffalo soldier monument for lunch , pics to follow . All soldiers should check it out ... 
Ok so a news story brought out my inner conservative this morning . They are calling an Alabama candidate racist for wanting the driving test in one language . First of all , road signs and traffic advisories are in English , second police speak English , and finally not every thing having to do with immigration is racism . Quit crying wolf . It only helps real racism 
really magic ? by 43 ? isnt there a mercy rule in the NBA ? if not , there should be after this . 
Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > who is in < PROPMALE > right now , about to walk across the stage recfeiving his MBA . Thats right my da , the original model , has done it . Some how , he makes me prouder to bear his name every day . 
The cool thing about mothers day is that it reminds us that we aren't self made . Some one carried us , sustained us , prayed for us , comforted us , and brought to where we are , and today we celebrate them . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , grandma < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , grandma mosby , mrs mccleaves my sisters , and church mothers thank you for mothering me . 
word ? again Arizona ? Cultural studies is american studies . how do you make a law against cultural studies ? as a note to everyone this isnt arizona being racist , this is just the state being stupid . They couldnt figure out how to vet curriculums in school board meetings ? really , they needed another law that would make them look like they hate everyone that isnt white ? someone please stop them . Im embarrased for them 
I cant help but notice that none of the < PROPMALE > issues are the < PROPMALE > issues of two years ago . The politicians who ran on health care , Economic recovery , and the wars in iraq and afghanistan must have accomplished something . I think then that maybe we can say our president is doing a good job ... im not doin a thugnificent or anything , just food for thought 
1461 days ago , the lord answer my prayers and gave me the greatest gift/responsibility I would ever have . I know who I am , and who wants me to be because of the woman he gave me to love . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for being you ! Happy 4 year anniversary ! 
I love having mentors ! People who invest their time , energy , wisdom , and reputation into me asking nothing in return beyond success . Thank you to my professional , personal , and spiritual investors ! 
We made it to that city ... Hello < PROPMALE > goodbye oklahoma 
Loving < PROPMALE > and our new home , but most of all , loving having facial hair . Some one please help convince my wife I should keep it till 4th of July . I feel like a grown up ! 
Just saw a slideshow of a family party in Chicago , and it reminded me of how much I miss my cousins ... Open invite for my kinfolk to come to < PROPMALE > . Just let is know when so we can be here 
just realized im in florida in the middle of July ... hmmm Please some one convince me i should not attend Blue and white weekend in gainesville next weekend ! 
< PROPFIRST > McCloskey , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Dorismond , < PROPFIRST > Gammage , Amadou Diallo ... i know police have difficult jobs , but i cant help but feel like all it takes to kill a black man for no reason with no consequences is to be a police officer . how are we ok with this as a society ? 
im watching hardball right now , and must say , the best political leaders i ever see are the conservatives who arent running for anything . WHy arent these the republicans in charge ? why are they getting run out of there jobs ? why did they let people less intelligent , and less competant make their decisions for them . If these silent leaders were in charge , i would be a republican . 
In the past i have watched all news channels to laugh at the different ways the different channels spin the information for their own political goals . FOX blatently misrepresented the story about Ms Sherrod , to the point of lying and i am bothered by the lack of journalistic morality to at least try and tell the whole story , and then add the spin . As such , goodbye FOX 
one hour down of taking care of < PROPFEMALE > after her wisdom teeth removal ... pray 
wisdom teeth recovery hour number 8 . so far so good . Way to be a trooper wife ! thanks to all of you well wishers ! the prayers were for me , i knew wife would be fine . st ~ 
\freedom must be repurchased by each generation \"-- GEN D . James ... amazing quote that forces us to ask \ " what have we done to deserve the life we have ? \"" 
After four years of marriage , wife and I just made our biggest financial investment for our family . We just bought a time share in < PROPFEMALE > beach ! Thank you Lord and happy birthday to me ! 
Watching bamboozled for the first time in years ... love this movie . \ naw mean nawm sayin \"-- big blak africa " 
Why does bamboozled seem real and the news look like satire ? Does anyone else think this mess is sad ? Really , there are no bigger issues than whether or not a church should be built ? Sad 
yesterday was my firstday of school ... I went wearing civilian clothes ... and had facial hair ... Man do i love this job . 
Wait so does this mean Soldiers dont get combat pay or patches anymore ? Also for all those who say we should celebrate the great decision of the surge today , i say maybe we should look back and apologize to GEN Shinseki for not listening to him in the first place . 
Today was my parents 38th . People wonder why so much hero worship for my parents . Thanks dad for the real example of a husband and thanks mom for a real model for a wife . 
Now that I have 4 schools , I have no reason to not commit as a fan . Go army , miners , tar heels , and wolf pack ! 
army wins , NC State wins , come on Miners .... tarheels , well keep fighting . 
I would like to thank two people for my dessert Tonight : my wife for getting me cachaca for my birthday , and Caio soares ( phd ) for showing me how to use it ! 
I dont know if anyone else is deeply offended by this , but i feel like terrorist just attacked NY Again . This guy from north florida has worked to strike fear in the world , and use that fear to get his way . What is the difference between what he did , and a new Bin laden Tape ? This guy put lives of americans in danger around the world , and trampled on the rights of Americans who want to build a community center . 
If ever presented with an opportunity to bless some one , where it will cost you your last in money , time , and months of energy , please do it with all your heart and dare God not to bless it . Thank you lord for a wife with a heart to serve 
Let's go wolf pack ! Start the week right ! 
Just bought the < PROPMALE > ep on iTunes . Best 6.93 I ever spent . If you want your r&b playlist stepped up go to iTunes and search for Vinson baker . If you don't get the album at least get \learn to fly\ " trust me you will love it " 
My teams went 4-0 this weekend . Go army , miners , wolfpack , and heels 
registered to vote today . tking wife to do the same tomorrow ... oct 8 is the deadline . whatever you beleive , please do this . in a democracy you get the leaders you deserve 
So I have a take home test for genes to tissues that I got last night and is due next week . Not bothered that it's really 5 mini research papers , or the amount of time I have to do it . Am bothered that after 3 hours , I have 3 sentences . 
Just watched Dr C . Rice on the daily show , and politics aside , i am a fan . I do plan on reading her book , and would offer that regardless how we viewed her responsibilities and political views , i have always admired her and Gen Powell for their unflapable proffesionalism and dedication to duty . Shout out to my little sister on this one 
N ... C .... STATE !! NC STATE ! 
hate hate hate hate hate ! 
BEST\ 
WIFE\ 
EVER ! 
So I am 0-2 so far today . Come on tarheels give me something to celebrate 
Thank you tarheels , let's go miners ! 
Just a thought on Vets day . This day is set to remember the truce that ended the war to end all wars . In essence this day was supposed to be the day that marked world peace . today when we think of our vets , lets think about them in that context , we are warriors fighting for peace ... thank you to everyone who gave their life for peace , and know we will continue to work for that peace you died for . 
I love group think sometimes . It's like there is some one who is paid by face book as a national entertainment director . Like on a cruise but easier . The games are all voluntary , and it's fun even if you don't play . I guess I'll play . Send the questions ... in the event anyone wants my views 
Check out this article about my family . http://www.southwestorlandobulletin.com/directorytext.asp?id=3133 
FIX BAYONETS !!!! 
\Face The Book\ " ... Quote from my uncle Spt < PROPMALE > Mosby as inspired by God to embolden the youth and young people in ministry . LOVE IT " 
Yeah it's funny how you do things that used to give safety briefs about ... Oh well . After a full day of class , two 5 hour energy's ( xs ) , 16 oz of red bull and mtn dew , and 660 < PROPMALE > we made it to < PROPMALE > . Take that risk assessment ! 
And right now I just gotta say thank you ... 
If you have not A ) conducted a beat navy spirit mission at work B ) gone to bed in full ACUs in cammo with a fixed bayonet C ) kicked a sailor in the chest or D ) beat a picture of Cpt crunch with a stick , check your pulse , haze yourself and get hype for ARMY/navy ! 
TETELESTAI ! 
If you are an educated professional , may have been laid off , or don't see yourself progressing at your current work , please consider the US Army MILPER message 10-284 , providing direct commission to the rank of CPT based on education and experience . The army is a great hustle , its been good to me . And if you have questions about it , I have attached the message as a note . 
I need 10 planes and a couple LTGs STAT ! Big brass rockets all day ! BEAT NAVY ! 
Man I hate auto correct , it turned my plebes into planes , way to instantly kill my spirit iPhone , I guess I'lljust go freeze in the shade and stand over sinks in the bathroom with all the cadets 
ok i am not a huge fan of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , but this song at the end of i can do bad all by myself is makin me have church by myself . you better sing that thing < PROPFEMALE > ! I'm over it now ! Thats not even my testamony , but it will preach wont it ... 
Learned two things about nc today . 1 ) in 2010 they are advertising chitterlings on the radio . 2 ) it gets really really cold . It feels like BEAT NAVY out here . Where is adisa < PROPMALE > to get us hype when it's 30 degrees out ? 
So i figured i would play the number game , however , since most of my friends already know what i think , I am just going to address some of my lesser know friends ... like you #453 Your a mean one , and you know what You nauseate me , as a matter of fact , the three words that describe you best , are as follows , and i quote STINK , STANK , STUNK ! but we are still cool right ? 
#2034 i think your cool , we go way back , and even though i < PROPFEMALE > never seen your face , You have a nice firm handshake , a well groomed cat , and good taste in chairs . I know you have been dissapointed about getting thwarted all those times by the cop and his niece but you will get them next time ... NEXT TIME . 
#12 there is one thing about you that really annoys me , and i just cant get past that . Why do you always refer to your self in the third person , We dont need an introduction and narrator everytime you do some thing . I mean come on , How many giant , pale white , super strong zombie looking men are there in the LOD head quarters ( besides bizzarro ) we know who you are , and that you are probably going to smash something . 
#888 Dude please just stop , you are easily the best engineer i know , and you cant figure out how to get to popeyes for some food ? Quick spendin all your money on this chiken head , who just runs in and out of your life , and when you are finally face to face and she just beeps you ! No more , you and me are heading to get you a good design job at ACME and stoping at bojangles on the way 
While you are nestled in your 1000 thread count Egyptian cotton sheets , somewhere a soldier stands guard , ever < PROPMALE > and vigilant ... waiting , anticipating , eager for the opportunity to prove his worth as a protector of freedom .... in contrast , a sailor is somewhere eating doughnuts while trying to decide what color un ... derwear won't show through those god-awful white uniforms .... Go Army , Beat Navy ! 
#1 I sometimes wonder what if you were one of us , just a slob like one of us , just a stranger on a bus , trying to find your way home ... 
Kind of torn , I have been enjoying writing these statuses ( inspired by < PROPFIRST > Jenkins ) about my fictional friends ( except for the last one ) but now i have questions from my real friends ... hmm decisions , do i get serious with the < PROPFIRST > , or continue to have fun ... 
OK here we go , #15 you are cool people , but i take it as a personal failure that we are cooler dgitally , than we have ever been in person , i need to step my game up . \ 
#73505 you are easily the best thing to ever happen to my boy , and i am so happy to see that i didnt get the last great woman , on that note , please , for me , buy him clothes that fit , Extra medium is not his size . 
#5878 You are one of the three Sigmas I am most proud to have been a part of making , however , Set is the wrong time to announce a jihad . Sure strapping a bomb to yourself is a great way to avoid the cut , but dang was that really necessary . 
#82 THe army is better because you are in it . Soldiers like you are who Commanders wish for , not because you do what we say , but because you make us better . Next time though , i think i should get a cut from your Ink business , or at least a free tat . 
#365 Im glad you have been laying low lately , but i really think you need help . This I love you , you love me thing was only gonna work on kids for so long . eventually they will grow up and realize that a creepy purple dinosaur making them dance wasnt just there imagination , and you and < PROPFIRST > long will have allot to discuss with each other . 
#0 you are the girl i would want for my sons when i have them , and all of my single friends now . Frat missed out ... on another note , you are a bad influence on my wife strictly becauseYOU OWN WAY TOO MANY SHOES . how am i supposed to deal with that , got her wanting to go to dsw every week . you two cant play together anymore ! 
#99 ive < PROPMALE > meaning to tell you this for some time , but didnt know how . The reason every girl you try to holla at runs away is because you stink , thats right , you smel real bad . yeah you got game , but that french accent cant smooth talk that smell . You may want to be careful , cause you are dangerously close to cathcing a sexual assault case . This < PROPFIRST > thing may keep you out of jail . 
OK I have had my fun , but i think i am done now . If you didnt know , it has been a thayer week , and i need to laugh . Sorry to all for the multiple status updates flooding your news feeds . BEAT NAVY , that is all ... 
If you havent broken 4 digits yet in the number of pushups you are doing to beat navy , first check your pulse , second go play monopoly with someone terrible . yoube the cannon and let them be the ship , and beat the mess out of them . third go get some bengay cause its time for you and the ground to talk about how much you hate navy . The ground likes to hear sequential < PROPFIRST > at a constant rate . BEAT NAVY 
Last assignments for the semester turned in(Jesus ) just me and my review article left ( have mercy father ) shall I clown tonight to celebrate .... YUP ! Ps BEAT NAVY with a newly finished lab protocol for tissue engineering , and don't make them wear glove one size too small so they keep breaking 
so to celebrate my new freedom , i shall once again pick up the number game with my special friends like #10001 I know everyone thinks you are a hero for guiding the sleigh that one foggy christmas , but when are you gonna tell everyone that your rednose is a result of your horrible drug habit ? I get it , no one let you play any games , but hey man , its time to get help , its time to move on . 
#2012 You are a dangerous man . that fashion sense and singing voice make you a threat to fathers daughters everywhere ... just remember with great game comes great responsibility\ 
Pi-does it even matter wat i say , you are a doctor , with a smokin hot wife who takes care of you(i may have just given your identity away ) I believe those three things make you , officially , The Man , regardless of anyones oppinion . 
#11132 You guys are awesome , sweet , cheery and are always there when i need you ... but really are you guys just pure sugar ? you are always bouncing here and there and everywhere . sure you are going on high adventures that are beyond compare but please , sit down and be still ! 
Jut saw a commercial for the A team dvd , ad you know what it make think of ... Beating Navy , with a helicopter , an AT4 , some random woman , some arbitrary special effect , and a horrible imitation of Mr T . thats right , beat navy wth a garbage DVD people , get hype ! 
#321 You had your < PROPMALE > . I wasnt gonna beg you like q and phife . yeah you jazzy and all but im not all the pressed for you to put me on ... 
#881 i can honestly say that growing up with you , woking with you , and comptng with you helped make me who i am today . I am forever indebted to you for being my brother ... However , this being BEAT NAVY week , i must find a way to beat you with this number game . Possibly by pressing the number sign over your picture in uniform , or maybe by inboxing you a message that says #BEATNAVY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
#221411 easily one of the Collest people i met in that god forsaken land , I will point ot though that vanity plates on your truck are the wrong place to annouce your preffered position for intimate relations ... 
#555 I dont think you are silly , i think those other people were just being mean . Trix dont have an age limit , all you need is a job where you can afford $4.00 for a box of cereal . 
#420 Dude , i think it is time to give it up . Whatever lawyer told you to confess to shooting the sherrif , but deny shooting the deputy should be fired . They were in the car together man , come on . And tellin all your inner feelings about the drama with you and cops is just snitchin on yourself , you givin them your motive . Everyone has beef with the cops . not only was that not smart , It wasnt gangsta 
watching the college football awards and noicig some key ommisions . Like the < PROPFIRST > simmons award for shakeweight excellence , or the < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > award for horrible uniforms ... this is why you dont see the naval academy representin at the award show . its ok though midshipmen , we will beat you with the < PROPFIRST > guy award for punter achievement come saturday ! Beat navy 
ok , its time for me to go , but i must end with #552552552 I am limited to what i can say ( this is a g-rated facebook < PROPFEMALE > ) so i will leave it with I love you and beat navy ! (i will message you the rest)good night everyone 
I said i was going to bed , but i am so dissapointed by the senates failed vote to repeal dont ask dont tell . At this point , it isnt about whats best for the military , it isnt about tax cuts , its about ot giving up any political points . If i was the speaker , I would make everyone write out their arguments for filibuster , and put everyone on record about why they want to oppose the will of the people and the military . 
I am vexed by the current attitudes of democrat congressmen who are bothered with the presidents negotiations for tax cuts . Last time checked that isn't even his job , it was your job to make a < PROPMALE > happen , to ensure the country doesn't fall apart . Do begrudge the president for doing what you were unwilling or unable to do ! 
We interrupt our regularly schedule beat navy update ( and my marriage retreat in Richmond ) to notify every one that dr Phillips is headed to the state football championship ! It's a great day for all panthers , especially the starting cb #12 Andreis < PROPMALE > . That is all ... Beat navy 
Love the use of president < PROPMALE > to handle the drama . He will say the exact same thing in the exact same way , but will be received completely different . Taken right out of 21 irrefutable laws of leadership . Well done ! 
I think enough has been said about beating navy . All I ask is who is with me on a Facebook rocket ? Whistle .... 
#666 yeah y'all beat us this year , and the 8 previous years , but two things , we have wayyyyy cooler spirit videos and do waaayyy more pushups . Just wait till these wars are over , we are comin for you . And I will be preppin my statuses for next 51 weeks ! 
Finishing my family life marriage retreat . One word : AWESOME ! Men , if you have a wife or family or eventually want one , please invest in them , and check this out . Thank you lord for a wife with a heart to learn , grow and build 
Poor decisions 101 : feelin huah I felt the need to < PROPMALE > full winter PTs and go for little jog For the first time in months , in 19 degree weather ... lesson learned 
10 lbs 5 oz , my newest nephew omari moore II , born this morning . Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > and Omari ! 
so what do i do when its just me and zion at the house all day ... wrap christmas gifts , bake a cobbler , and watch \you've got mail\ " ... dont judge me " 
Should i celebrate congress finally doing somehting right in repealing a discriminatory law ? i feel like that is congratulating someone for reading . this is what you are supposed to be doing . you shouldnt get a < PROPFIRST > on the back for doing the easy stuff . On the other hand , they have set such a low bar by failing at the easy stuff for so long , you cant help but be pleasantly surprised by minimal effort . 
DP is up 17-0 in the florida state championship .... AWWW DP 
Just read the saddest article . It said roughly 20% of high school graduates can't get a high enough asvab score to enlist . That number nearly doubles for African Americans . While I am proud of dadt being repealed , I am reminded that education is the civil rights issue of our time 
Just a thought , that I think most men who have been in relationships can understand . You know when you and the other person have a fight and it is just bad until they decide they want to make . That's Christmas , God deciding that we can make-up . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Ladies and Gentlemen , i < PROPMALE > your attention please . Today , december 30th 2010 , army not only completed is first winning season in years , but has won a bowl game ... on brave old army team ... beat navy ... that is all . 
Your not a cotton headed ninnymuggins , your just different ... 
Happy founders day to the distinguished ladies of < PROPFEMALE > Kappa < PROPFEMALE > ! 
To my sisters , my lover , my friend : happy founders day ! I can say with a doubt that I know how brother < PROPFIRST > had to feel on that stroll with sister cleaver . Congratulations on 91 years of finer womanhood . I love you all 
Congratulations to my big sister < PROPFEMALE > , and my big brother < PROPFIRST > on the newest edition . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Olinger was born a beautiful southern < PROPFEMALE > last night and i cant wait to meet her . Wow , total 4 nieces and 3 nephews , lets go < PROPMALE > crew ( although none of you are named < PROPMALE > anymore ) 
192150RJAN02 ... it started ... 
Overthe last year , i have used Facebook to hold some pretty controversial conversations about religion , Politics , and history . I am greatful for all of the people who have been courageous enough to share their oppinions , intelligent enough to defend them , and understanding enough not to demonize those with other views . 
is anyone else watching and laughing at the speaker of house's reactions to the president . This mess is funny . 
is he gonna do it , is he tearing up ? nope back to lookin salty 
I am looking forward to voting for him again , not because i am overly blinded by his charisma or color , but because i know what to expect from him . The president cares and is working to get things done . no matter how you view his policies , you have to believe he cares , and he does what he says . 
I feel bad for representative < PROPFIRST > . He had to follow president Obama with this crap . I would have rather him just say \ no comment\ " or cosign with the president ... step your speech game up GOP " 
one of the great things about the US Army officer education system is our opportunity for interaction with other officers around the world . At this time , i cant help but think of my former classmates and instructors in australia , pakistan , lebenon , egypt , and all over . We see things on the news and forget that there are real good people fighting to hold their worlds together . 
My prayer is that God would build me to be a man whose deeds change the world , and whose words lead others , in this generation and those to come , to do the same ... 
HAPPY BLACK HISTORY MONTH EVERYONE !!! this is easily my favorite time of the year , not because it appeals my enhanced sense of militant pride , but because the dream of Dr Woodson is still alive today , telling us that the greatness of the least of us is the greatness of all of us . \when you control a man's thinking you do not have to worry about his actions \"- Dr CG Woodson " 
I have decided not to share black history nuggets to celebrate black history month . I will instead continue to share so great quotes from figures in black history . While i love the many great deeds done by our ancestors , i believe their words , or motivation for those deeds is often lost . the greatness of the persons deeds is often just an extension of their character . 
\somehow we are going to have to develop a concept of enough for those at the top and at the bottom so that the necessities of the many are not sacrificed for the luxury of the few ... Service is the rent we pay for living . it is the very purpose of life and not something you do in your spare time \"- Marian Wright Freeman ... I LOVE THIS MONTH ! " 
as the agitation which culminated in the abolition of african slavery in this country covered a period of fifty years , so may we expect that before the rights conferred upon us by the war amendments are fully conceded , a full century will have passed away ... we have undertaken a serious work which will tax and exhaust the best intelligence and energy of the race for the next century\-Timothy Fortune " 
\the south's historians served the cause of southern nationalism with more lasting effect than did its armies ... southerners must win with the pen what they had failed to win the sword ... my challenge was to eave into the fabric of american history enough of the presence of blacks so that the story of the United States could be told adequately and fairly . \"-- John Hope Frankin " 
Watched a speech by FDR yesterday and was reminded why he was my second favorite president . Oddly enough my favorite shares his last name 
Some times i worry that deep down im a villain . why are my favorite characters in movies , the ones i identify with most , the bad guys ( hannibal , the joker in dark night , and < PROPFIRST > corleone ) watching the Godfather , and lovin it as always , even though they say some foul mess about black folk . 
In every race , in every nation , and in every clime in every period of history there is always an eager-eyed group of youthful patriots who seriously set themselves to right the wrongs done to their race , or nation or sect , or sometimes to < PROPMALE > or self-expression . No race or nation can advance without them . -- Alice Dunbar-Nelson 
The great thing about valentines day is that it isnt just a celebration of Love right now , It is a celebration of what love has always been , its a day to appreciate all of the lessons , all of the memories , all of the power . To that aim , Happy valentines day to my great thing , the sweet in my Tea : Mrs , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . TO my first < PROPFIRST > : Rev < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . and everyone else who has invested in me . 
I would like to recognize my frat brother and civil rights leader rep. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > for being honored with the nations highest civilian award , the medal of freedom . He will be in spring lake nc this weekend with another frat brother , Christian V < PROPMALE > . If you are at Bragg or in Fayetteville please attend , you won't regret it 
The protest in Egypt , Libya , Tunisa , Yemen , and Bahrain teach us a few things . 1 . diplomacy is not easy . Being a friend of the nation can sometimes pit you against your own beliefs . 2 . Every human being wants a voice , regardless of their culture or religion . 3 . Barack Obama did more in spreading democracy in the middle east with one speech than < PROPFIRST > Bush did with two wars . the pen is still mightier than the sword . 
Pessimism is at its core cowardice . It requires and risk nothing . It offers only the obvious possibility of failure . however , Optimism is a continuous expression of mental courage . It requires the vision to see the potential in all , the compassion to relate to all , and the sacrifice of hoping for the best , when the worst is so prevalent . Today I want to encourage as many people as I can , be optimistic and smile . 
Attacking cultural issues with the power of the purse under the auspices of fiscal responsibility is both immoral and ingenious . Using dollars to fight battles that your rhetoric couldn't win isn't new . I do find it funny that people believe that cutting money to poor people to pay for tax cuts to < PROPMALE > people is right . Part of me is mad at the politicians , but the real in me says \hustle well executed \"" 
So proud of my dog . He ripped a pitbull off of a shepherd puppy who was being attacked . Then just pinned him . While I still think he is a jerk sometimes , I'm proud he is a leader dog who protects the small ones . Good job boy ! 
just watched precious for the first time ... wow ... 
\let racism be a problem to someone else ... let it drag them down . Don't use it as an excuse for your own shortcomings ... all work is honorable . - GEN C . Powell " 
1)It aint as bad as you think . it will look better in the morning . \ 
2)Avoid having your ego so close to your position that , when your position fails , your ego goes with it . \ 
3)Don't let adverse facts stand in the way of a good decision . \ 
4)You can't make someone else's choices . You shouldn't let someone else make yours . \ 
5)Don't take counsel of your fears or naysayers . \ 
6)perpetual optimism is a force multiplier . 
As this Black History month ends , i just want to thank everyone who has been reading some of these quotes , and sharing American history . This is my favorite month of the year , and when celebrated , it makes people better . Thanks again , and keep goin , be inspired , dream the dreams that tomorrow's reality is made of , say the words that will change the world , and Make the difference you want your children to read about . 
My Frat brother < PROPMALE > just made my day ! My wife won one of his greek knowledge contest , and we got our Box of Goodies . If you know me , you know i would wear Nalia all day everyday , like a neo . Phi Beta Sigma is the only brand i advertise for free . Everyone who needs to step their nalia game up , which should be all greeks , check out hazerware.com . Picks to follow soon , thanks again Frat ! 
Felt so hype about my new stuff , i grabbed a sigma shirt , my sigma belt , some blue and white And1's , my new sigma jacket , and my new sigma chain just to go to the lab ... thats right , almost 9 years in and still dressin like a neo ! 
Today is a great day to attend the university of North < PROPFEMALE > at Chapel Hill . They won the ACC title and smashed duke . If you know me , you know how much , i absolutely hate that school ( only like coach K and the colors ) Thanks Tarheels for giving me something to celebrate 
it is a sad day to love < PROPFEMALE > . Not just because of the brazen attack on worker rights in wisconsin(again hustle well executed ) but mostly because of these un < PROPFEMALE > n hearings on the radicalization of < PROPFEMALE > n muslims . if anyone has to explain how this is offensive to humanity and completely opposite to the foundation of < PROPFEMALE > , there is allot more we need to be ashamed of ... some times there are no words . 
PSA to dog owners : if your dog is under 3 lbs it is a small dog and needs to go to the small dog park . Also , just cause i dominate my dog , doessnt mean your dog gets to mess with him . you are very lucky i didnt let him go and eat your little dog when your dog started trying to bite mine 
Today my little sister is 27 and my God-son is 12 . ITs funny because people used to think < PROPFIRST > and I are twins , and they say Christian is the new and improved model . Coincidence that they are both born on the same day ... I think not . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > and Christian ! enjoy your day ! 
My first battle < PROPMALE > , my first PSG gets his long overdue promotion to e-8 ( considering 8 years PSG rated time , 3 years rated 1st time , and four MSMs ) he taught me how to excell in the army , and that the right thing sometimes means pissing people off . Thank you MSG S C Faulk and congrats . You are the standard 
After reading about deaths and violence in every corner of the world thanks to my 20 news apps , I can't help but wonder : why is so little effort placed in the development and spread of non lethal arms ? Why does violence have to end in death and destruction ? What if we went to war with only non lethal tools ? 
