Oregon crusader folks ... does anyone live in < PROPFIRST > ? I'm coming out to audition for the U of O euphonium studio and I need a place to stay on January 28th and January 31st ... can anyone help me out ? 

< PROPMALE > Sparke 1 , < PROPFIRST > 0 ... but I demand a rematch tomorrow ! 
is in < PROPFIRST > , Oregon staying with SUPER nice people for the next few days before rehearsal starts ... and is missing her family and < PROPFIRST > already . 
ate breakfast , read 114 pages of < PROPMALE > miserab < PROPMALE > , studied scores and warmups , watched 7 episodes of the office , took a shower , took a nap , and went for a walk ... and has no idea what to do for the rest of the evening . Any thoughts ? 
is living life japan style ... aka sitting in a foreign room and watching the office for hours on end . And no , I'm still not tired of it even after watching the same show almost every night for the past year and a half . It's that amazing . :) 
starts teaching Oregon Crusaders tomorrow ! Woot ! 
is warm for the first time in a month ( YAY ARIZONA ! ) , and had an amazing 24 hours ! Rock band with the fam , hanging out with her awesome boyfriend , eegees , the office , cheese free meal , 45 < PROPFEMALE > long shower ( alone ! ) , 10 hours of uninterrupted sleep , and play 
is applying for jobs at raytheon .... even though I'm completely unqualified and have no business background or experience . Apparently my mad euphonium skills have no practical application in the job market , ha . 
is trying to figure out what kind of dog would be the best to get for her first dog ever . Iams says I should get a collie , an american water spaniel , or a labrador retriever . I vote lab :) 
good luck on tour , Academy ! Rock the world like you always do :) . 
is playing euphonium and then playing rock band with her bro for her last night in Tucson for a while . 
just spent 4 hours applying for teaching jobs online ... almost time to get back to teaching OC !!! 1-2-3-4 , I love drum corps ! :-) 
will be posting massive amounts of pictures and videos in the next few days from drum corps ... but needs to get her act together and get a job first . Interview at 3 pm , wish me luck !!! 
has been trying to upload the same set of pictures for like 2 days ... come on facebook , you can do it ! 
feels like a lazy bum . I guess I should practice or do something useful . 
is going to visit with the fam ... then teach rincon ... then bowling ! :) . 
' s mind is going a million < PROPMALE > a minute right now . And she thinks that more Oregon Crusaders should friend her . And they should tag themselves in her pictures . And she is ON TOP OF HER GAME and geeking out playing Rochut book 2 and 3 . And she also put in an hour of her 1000 hours of drumming that she needs to do before < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > teach her more about drumming . What a great day - yay life . 
really sucks at drumming and wants to get better so she has some clue of how to teach percussion when she is someday a real band director with her own band and her very own clueless percussionists . Anyone want to teach me ? 
is old today . And thinks < PROPFEMALE > should have her baby today so that it can have an epic birth date , AKA the best birthday ever . Just sayin . :-) 
woke up at 7:50 today for no good reason , which seems really early . It must be all the band camp in the air ... have a great week , POA ! See you Friday night ! ... and < PROPFEMALE > , feel free to have your baby anytime today . Ready go . :-) 
is excited for < PROPFEMALE > to have her baby today ! 
is happy that < PROPFEMALE > had her baby . Now she just really wishes she had a job . Time to get on that . 
really is trying to post her OC pictures ... but facebook won't let her and crashes every time she tries . LAME !!!! 
is playing jazz by ear ... on euphonium ... along with some recordings . Definitely a good time . And it keeps my brain functioning on a higher level , which I enjoy . I might even pull out my trombone and try to play it on a real jazz instrument sometime , lol . :-) 
is technologically inept . And probably won't be able to get a job anywhere ever . Ugh ... today has taken a big turn for the worse . 
is going to be a substitue for Rincon ? Sort of ? 
after 4 hours of playing and lots more of listening , I can ... almost ... play a minute and a half of one jazz song . And it hasn't even gotten to the hard part yet . This project might take a while , ha . 
had a great time at Alumni night at POA ... and has decided that she needs to < PROPFEMALE > out with the old crew more often . Let's make that happen ! :) 
is going to practice euphonium for the rest of the day . Woot :) . 
just spent lots of money on euphonium music ... for a competition that I probably won't do , but I want to try out the music anyways , lol . Have I mentioned that I love playing euphonium ? 
SHOW DAY !!! 
is attempting to have a social life today . Like , OUTSIDE of facebook and not involving teaching music in any way . I know , weird , right ? 
is trying to find a way to be more positive for the upcoming rehearsal , even though 20% of the kids won't be able to perform tonight . Game day ! 
hasn't been this upset in a long time . 
practiced euphonium for 3 hours ... and it felt good . 
is sick of being sick . But she's still playing in the concert under the stars at udall tonight at 7 :-) 
is seriously sick of having this cough . And thinks that she should probably not be teaching and spreading her germs to the entire band + 60 more kids ... but grades are due this weekl :-( . 
should really grade things ... but it's such a waste of time ! I guarantee that without grading a thing , I can tell you the names of all the kids who are passing and the kids who are not . It's easy , just answer these 2 questions . 1 - do they show up to class ? 2 - do they do anything in class ? If the answer to both of these questions is yes , they have an A . If the answer to either of the questions is no , they are failing 
enjoys listening to high school students trying to figure out music theory ... haha . 
cleaned her euphonium and it looks amazing and works like new ! Woot ! On to practicing ! :) 
HALF DAY !!!! Woot :) . 
I definitely just lost my equilibrium and fell off my bed doing breathing exercises ... ha ha . Score for today - Breathing gym 1 , < PROPFIRST > 0 . 
is so excited for the new episode of the Office tonight !!!! BEST SHOW EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is excited for tomorrow ... pep band subbing , hanging with < PROPFEMALE > , concert , and then rock band night ! :) 
is glad that she got to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > today and to see some old friends at pep band ! And she wishes the best for < PROPFIRST > at his wedding ! It's definitely a good day :) . 
wishes she was in Oregon with the hornline staff and the OC kids tonight ... it would be great to lose herself in the world of drum corps for just one night . \All you have to do is march and play . You don't have to worry about anything or anyone else ... just march and play . \"" 
is ... well , things aren't going so well in general . But at least my quartet is going to be pretty much awesome this year . It's great to play with good musicians ... even sight reading went well . And at the end of the day ... at least I know I'll always have my euphonium to keep me company . Goodnight . 
is kind of having massive mood swings ... yikes . But right now , she's relatively happy because she's working on her band day hit list ... also known as \Things that make Ms. Garcia throw up in her mouth a little ... \"" 
is sick again ... I was better for literally 2 days . Awesome . And sore throat + euphonium = bad sound + even sore-er throat = Sad < PROPFIRST > :-( . 
teacher hat off ... euphonium hat on . \And it's also ... a hat ! \"" 
needs a good euphonium sight reader to sub for her concert on October 3rd .... any takers ? 
mmm ... 4 hours of euphonium playing and escaping reality . Woot . 
sickness = 1 , Stacey = 0 . Skipping school ( the part I get paid for ) to go to the doctor in the hopes that I'll be better by Rincon's night rehearsal ( the part I don't get paid for that is infinitely more useful and important to me ) that < PROPFIRST > is coming down for ... ugh , this is bad timing . Stupid sickness and scorpions taking down the Ranger band directors ! It's the week before band day - I claim conspiracy ! 
is so glad < PROPFIRST > came down and worked with the Ranger band ! We're so much better than we were a week ago ... one week till band day ! And maybe I won't be sick by then , now that I'm taking antibiotics and 5 other kinds of medicine all at the same time . Yay getting better in every sense of the word ! 
thinks she is taking too many meds .... I guess if the choice is between a sore throat and being dizzy , I choose dizzy ... but I'd rather just be healthy . :( 
ahhh !!!! Dizzy ... tingly legs and feet ... stupid medicine . Someday I'll feel human again . 
just bought the latest season of the office , finally . If I don't respond , it's because I'm watching the office :) . 
is playing euphonium and getting ready for quartet . Woot . 
Tuba quartet rehearsal !!!! Best part of the week .... 
Ugh ... I wish my ears were more in tune so my instrument would be more in tune . Someday I'll be a good musician ... 
the crescendo goes all the way to beat one ... the climax of the crescendo is on beat one of the next measure ... each note needs to push to the next note and get louder ... there can't be a break between beat 4 and beat 1 ... the phrase leads to beat one of the measure after the crescendo ... play long notes , don't die out , push to beat one of the next measure ... AGH ! Is there another way to say it that I haven't thought of ? 
hates disrespectful students with a burning passion , and wrote her first referral today . Stupid 14 year olds . 
is excited for band day tomorrow !!! Go Cats ! :) 
BAND DAY !!! My kiddos perform at 6:50 ... \Do you hear the people sing ? Singing a song of angry men ? It is the music of a people who will not be slaves again ! When the beating of your heart echoes the beating of the drums ... \"" 
all right ... band day = awesome , but now band day = over . Time to be creative and write visuals to add to part 2 and 3 . And practice euphonium for my lesson Thursday . And grade . And write an \alternate assignment\ " for kiddos that decided they can't play piano and aren't going to try . Yay Sunday ? " 
hmm ... one student not wanting to play piano = 4 hours of me coming up with a separate curriculum for her . Ugh ... I'm tired now . Time to go to sleep so I'm ready to deal with over-hyped kiddies tomorrow morning and remind them that we still have a long way to go to be as good as we can be . 
is pretty sure her professional development project is basically the Party Planning Committee . I will be playing the part of < PROPFEMALE > , who keeps the peace and gives suggestions that no one will take , and then doesn't really do anything to make the party any better . Ha ha ... time to practice euphonium for my first lesson in 2 years !!!! 
is stumped ... I need a good name for a tuba quartet . Preferably something kind of funny and clever . Any suggestions ? 
needs a < PROPMALE > . Now , please . Thanks . 
high school is not drum corps , high school is not drum corps , high school is not drum corps ... gotta keep reminding myself . But ... should I have to lower my level of expectations for the kids conduct in uniform and standards of excellence on the field ? Ugh . I don't know if I'm cut out to teach high school band - marching and music mean WAY too much to me to let it be destroyed by kids who don't care . 
woke up this morning thinking it was monday ... man , I'm definitely hot mess Garcia this week - having to rewrite drill because of solo auditions and writing and teaching and cleaning new visuals and drill on Tuesday threw me off , I think . Then I was all exhausted and unmotivated , kept being almost late to school , then got lost on the way to the football game ... I need to get back on track . 
\Music was my refuge . I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Angelou " 
Taking the night off from playing euphonium and thinking about < PROPMALE > Miserables and band kiddos . Time to read , relax , and chill ... because tomorrow is a long day of teaching the end of the show and I need to keep my cool . 
is thinking about grad school ... time to start applying :) . Now , if only I could figure out which degree to go for ... Conducting ? Music < PROPMALE > ? Euphonium ?... any thoughts ? 
grading day = sleep in day because I already finished my grades . Come see all of Rincon's show tomorrow at the home game against Salpointe ! ( and tomorrow is the first day we're putting part 3 together on the field , so ... cut us some slack on that , lol . ) 
Tie dye night ! Come see Rincon play in Tye die , hats , and gloves at the game tonight :) 
Had fun at < PROPFIRST>'s party last night ! But I'm still having trouble hearing out of my left ear ... and I'm not sick .... I'm concerned , it's been like 2 days :-( . 
Thinks that < PROPMALE > Wonka and the Chocolate Factory ( the old school movie ) is one of the best musicals ever . Time to write a worksheet for the kiddies so they can watch it and I can have a few days of NOT teaching piano . :-) 
very much enjoys her quartet ... come hear us on Wednesday , 10/28 in Holsclaw !!! 
feels overwhelmed trying to look at grad schools . Requirements for my education : good euphonium teacher , good conductor , Master of Conducting program ( hopefully ) , < PROPFEMALE > positions available that pay enough that I can get by . Requirements for my sanity and well being : good climate ( yeah , I don't do cold ... ) , kind of close to home , not USC or ASU . Ugh ... OVERWHELMED ! 
Congrats Rincon ! Good show last night :) . In other news , I think I'm getting sick ... dang it . I did this already !!! It's always great to find out that one of your students has swine flu ... especially when it's the student that uses the keyboard that you use to demonstrate things . Crap . 
finally got facebook to work again ! It's amazing how much that makes my day better , lol . 
Rochut in 4 octaves + softest playing + loudest playing = good solo . Well , that's the theory , at least . Now time to practice those solos . 
is exhausted for no good reason , and is actively deciding to put off grading until tomorrow ... time to get some sleep and prepare to clean drill and music tomorrow . 2 weeks til state ! :) 
Watching the tuba-riffic recital tonight made me want to practice ... time to make some progress towards being amazing . Go cats ! 
had fun last night at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s! Now time for a day of practicing , researching grad school , and grading ... 
dislikes teenagers at the moment . Time to practice and make all of it go away ... :) 
is borrowing a practice mute from Kelly ... if he can practice 4 hours a night from 10-2 and be at work at 7 ( crazy schedule ! ) , then gosh darn it , I should be able to do it too ! Time to work on euphonium .... 
Is going to make it through another day of period 3 music appreciation , period 4 non-music appreciation ( with the principal observing , since I'm apparently not a good enough teacher to be able to teach the 14 students that care and deal with the 9 completely disrespectful , disruptive students at the same time ) , and the last football game of the year . One day at a time ... just keep breathing ... 
practiced for 3 hours , spun and danced for an hour , had quartet rehearsal , and went to a great tuba/euph concert ... what a wonderful afternoon ! Now if the teaching/working part of my day would get better , life would be pretty great ! 
marching season is officially over for Rincon ... time to break out the baton , start the concert season diet ( no more sugary treats , kids ! ) , and hear woodwind instruments at the volumes that they were intended to be played . Woot :) . 
thinks that the oregon crusaders folks should talk to Dr. Ponto at ( U of O ) and convince him that he should email me back so I can go audition to be a grad student at Oregon ... ready go ! My future is in your hands .... go team . 
learned today that kids don't consider it \ditching class\ " if they're on campus . Apparently wandering around campus with your friends gives you the same education as going to class . I worry for the future of < PROPFEMALE >." 
is heading off to LA for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s tuba recital !!! ROAD TRIP ! :) 
had a great first road trip ever to Cali with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! And is WAY excited that there's only 3 days of school this week , and then I get to eat pie and be < PROPFEMALE > . Go Cats . 
Today , my mom talked to me about the dating possibilities at my ( hopefully ) grad school , based upon the majors offered and the likelihood of finding straight guys in those majors . HAHAHA !!! Amazing . 
sounds like crap for no apparent reason . I swear I've been practicing ... dang it . 
is tired but feels somewhat accomplished . Taught this morning , picked up my recording form , did guard for funsies/exercise , practiced euph for 3-4 hours , practiced piano for a bit ... time to go to bed and prepare for eating awesome food tomorrow . Happy Thanksgiving-eve !!! :) 
is helping cook thanksgiving food this year ... watch out !!! :) :) :) 
had a good thanksgiving and is trying to decide whether to go to the battle of the bands tomorrow or not ... anyone from tucson going and coming back right after ? 
is really frustrated . 
go cats ! And yet another day of fruitlessly beating my head against the wall in the attempt to be a better technical player . Someday ... 
has been watching < PROPFEMALE>'s next top model for like 6 hours now ... stupid addictive show , ha . At least my horn is clean !!! GO CATS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Attention Oregon Crusaders Vets !!!! Please sign up for auditions ... you need to do this so we know you're coming back . And you should come back so we can enjoy another awesome summer together . DO IT NOW . 
is arranging music for Rincon's pep band ... ah , the joys of pop concert band music ... 
time to make copies for my half band that's showing up for the gig tonight . It's ok , because we don't need trumpets , flutes , saxes , or trombones ... we'll still sound great , right ? 
is going to play euphonium and destress tonight . Because life should be about the music and not about all that other crap . 
I really need a few trumpets , trombones , flutes , horns , and alto and tenor saxes ( or anyone else that wants to come ! ) to come play a silly high school basketball game tomorrow ... I'll love you forever if you come play/possibly buy you a drink afterwards . Rehearsal is 4:45 , we're playing two games ( from 5:30 - 8:30 ) , and so far I have 8 kids signed up ... PLEASE HELP ME !!! Text me if you can help me out ! ( 520-405-8553 ) 
had a great lesson today . Thank goodness for euphonium . 
wants to know how Academy and OC auditions are going this weekend ... send me updates ! 
is attempting to write a \statement of purpose\ " and put together a conducting dvd for Oregon ... hopefully I'll get it done today ! " 
is at home on a saturday night watching sappy girl movies ... sigh . 
practicing , cleaning , getting ready for christmas , and grading the 2nd half of the Music Discovery finals ... let's hope this 2nd half of high school freshman did better on my \just to see if they're reading directions\ " question of \ " Draw a < PROPFEMALE > in the boxes above each note . \"" 
Quartet recording was mentally exhausting , but fun . And my face hurts . But I'm hoping we'll make 2nd round ! 2 more days of teaching \finals\ " ( aka watching < PROPFEMALE > Claus the movie and eating junk food ) and then I'm FREE !!!! " 
is practicing and watching Mr. and Mrs. Smith , and reminiscing about Mimosa night in japan ... miss you , girls !!! 
feels like she should put on some makeup before shopping and < PROPFEMALE > a scarf .... in the hopes that she will reach for the same present as some attractive and sweet guy , or that she'll drop her scarf and he'll pick it up , and then we'll fall in love and live happily ever after like so many christmas romance movies ... lol . 
is wrapping presents and playing euphonium ... trying to avoid the plates of cookies in the kitchen :-) . So much for that \concert season\ " diet ... but I really don't want to get band director belly ! Lol . " 
EUPHONIUM !!!! Woot . 
is done wrapping presents ! I need to finish my application for grad school - like NOW . It's upsetting that applying for grad school is taking so much time away from , ya know , working on being a better musician and teacher . But I guess you do what you gotta do . 
If you've applied for music grad school before , please help me out here ... it asks for concert programs from everything I've conducted/taught , as well as \Evidence of 2 years of successful conducting/teaching experience . \ " What exactly is \ " Evidence\ " of 2 years of successful conducting/teaching experience ? " 
had a good Christmas ... new euphonium toys to play with , hanging with the fam , and watching Sherlock Holmes with the Crew . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone !!! 
has tried editing a video on her computer , on her dad's computer , on her mom's computer , put it through the 2 different computers to the dvd burner , tried converting it from various versions of the video , and still can't make a freaking dvd that is acceptable for her grad school application . I hate technology with a burning passion . 
I may be able to get my japan and OC pics back ... cross your fingers for me !!! 
I have my pictures back ! Yay !!! Now to back them up on every computer available to me so I never have to do that again ... 
the guy that's setting up our new eliptical machine is REALLY cute ... dang it . I wish I had some guts , ha . 
seeing all the UA pics from the bowl game makes me miss POA ... Go cats !!! 
is practicing euphonium . :) 
New Years resolution : Play Euphonium , Trombone , and Tuba every day no matter what . New Years reality ... 2 outta 3 ain't bad ? Lol ... it's going to be a long semester , and it hasn't even started yet . 
just booked her flights for her audition ... so expensive !!! Now it's time to figure out what the heck I'm going to teach tomorrow ... I really wish I could get into my school email and figure out who is going to be in my classes , because it makes a big difference whether the kids have gone through a semester of piano or whether I have an entirely new set of students . 
Euphonium makes me happy .... just sayin :) . 
Euphonium ... but this was so much easier over break !!! Teaching makes me tired ... and maybe sick ? This isn't a good week to be sick , I record next week . Ready stop . Sad panda . 
practiced , read , exercised , showered , and planned ... get it ! Time to do it again tomorrow . :) :) :) 
NEEDS SOME TEACHER HELP !!! I'm trying to renew my certification ( right now I have provisional , trying to make it standard ) - it requires 2 years of full time teaching during the 2 years that I've held my provisional certificate , but I haven't been able to get a full time job for the past 2 semesters , and I took a semester off to perform in japan , so ... am I screwed , or is there someone I can talk to ? Any suggestions ? 
has a renewed provisional teacher contract ... phew ! Yay for being able to teach for 2 more years legally ! 
Euphonium ... 6 days til I record !!! 
grey ! 
New years resolutions are hard to keep ! But I only need to exercise one more day this week and read every day and practice fundamentals every day and ... hmm , maybe I made too many resolutions . What's more important , being skinny , being a good musician , or being smart ? 
is buying glee tomorrow !!! It's just too good , I have to have it ! It might replace the office for my nightly falling to sleep show for a while ... I know , you're shocked , right ? :) 
had a rough day . 
is trying to figure out what to wear tomorrow as a musician/guest for a wedding ... black , yes ... sparkly pretty dress , or normal black dress , or skirt and shirt ? Any thoughts ? 
had a great lesson with < PROPFIRST > today . Have a mentioned that he's an amazing teacher ? Time to throw down a great recording tomorrow for ITEC !!! :) 
Recording Day ! Time to rock some ITEC competition ! :) 
is done recording for ITEC ! Time to take a break from Weber's last waltz and catch up on some other practicing I've been neglecting ( minor scales and orchestral excerpts and Soliloquis ! ) . Next up ... grad audition , < PROPFIRST > 29th :) . 
Going to bed after a good day of music ... back to teaching tomorrow , hopefully the kids behaved today and will be great tomorrow :) . 
9:30 ... time to break out the euphonium and practice some excerpts . :) 
3 day weekend = time to practice and read and relax . 2 weeks til grad audition !!! 
exercised ! Time to play euph :) . 
is excited for studio shenanigans tonight ! :) 
had a good time at shenanigans last night ... more good times to come tonight ! Time to practice euphonium for a while and watch some GLEE and enjoy life :) . 
Smile , though your heart is aching Smile , even though it's breaking When there are clouds in the sky You'll get by ... If you smile Through your fear and sorrow Smile and maybe tomorrow You'll find that life is still worthwhile If you just smile ... 
I need to sight read things to prepare for my audition ... but I always choose the songs in keys that I like or songs that look easy . Therefore , I need some help . Give me your favorite number between 1-70 and I will sight read that song in one of my etude books tomorrow . Ready go ! 
I don't think I EVER talked back to a teacher , or even THOUGHT about talking back to a teacher . Since when was it ok to ignore and blatantly disobey the rules ? And how does a \young\ " teacher earn respect ? I'm at a loss - nothing I'm doing is working . Ugh ... time to re-examine what I'm doing with my life and find something that works . " 
just got dizzy from breathing exercises for the first time in like 3 months ... sweet ! 
euphonium !!! Audition in 8 days and 24 minutes :) 
wants to thank all of the kids that DO care . I miss you , OC !!! 
just watched the \video diaries\ " of glee ... and it kind of reminded me Odyssey . I need to do that again . Just sayin . " 
thinks she has almost all of her plans worked out for her oregon audition ... now it's time to buy some warm clothes , because Oregon is WAY too cold . 
Please put this on your status if you or someone you know is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS .... 93% won't Copy and Paste this . Will you make this your status for at least one hour ? \ " , 201 0-0 1-27 05:26:38 " 
11:40 ... time to practice euphonium !!! And pack ... good thing I'm ditching 1st and 2nd hour tomorrow ! :) 
is so not going to be packed for Oregon in time ... yikes . So much for practicing tonight . :-/ 
thinks oregon people may be the nicest people on the planet . Good trip so far :) . 
had a great weekend with OC . Great staff , great kids , great music ... I can't wait until the summer :) . 
\When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve . \ " < PROPMALE > Hill " 
is 90% sure that a student stole my phone today . Hopefully I'm just an idiot and I'll find it tomorrow , but ... I really doubt it . If you need to get a hold of me , email or facebook me . 
ate a piece of pie today and completely sugar crashed and passed out for like 2 hours . I guess I'm not over that whole hypoglycemic thing after all , ha . 
Ok , technology ... you win today . I won't use a computer since the fan is broken , and I won't use my phone since some teenager has it ... please don't take my car next !!!! 
Just in case anyone gets a message from me requesting a phone number , it's legit ... some kid has my phone , so I'm using an old phone and I lost any < PROPFIRST > that I've gotten since May of last year . Send me your number , please ! 
burned 770 calories on the eliptical machine today ... ouch ! And yay for glee distracting me , ha . 
misses quartet rehearsal like woah . 
Great daily quotation .... I like this one . :) \When you know who you are ; when your mission is clear and you burn with the inner fire of unbreakable will ; no cold can touch your heart ; no deluge can dampen your purpose . You know that you are alive . \"" 
is so glad we had quartet today ! It definitely makes my life better ... I need to play with great musicians more often ! :) 
needs to be taller and/or more intimidating . Any suggestions ? 
euphonium . :) 
needs to not read discussion posts on certain newspaper articles ... ugh . 
is planning a composer project for her kiddies ... any suggestions on 19th-20th century composers that would be fun for them to research ? I'm kind of excited about this . :) 
had eggos and vanilla ice cream for dinner . 
? ? It's < PROPFIRST>'s Week ! So time to change your profile pic with your significant other and post how long you have been together !... then copy and paste this in your status and pass it around ! 
wants to have a music listening club ... where every week we bring in sweet music and listen to it and talk about it , and then eat and < PROPFEMALE > out . I have a hard time deviating from what I like , but I know there's a ton of music out there that I would love if I took the time to listen to it . Anyone up for it ? 
exercised again today ( once a week is enough , right ? ) and it didn't hurt as much as last week , but my body has decided that shaking uncontrollably is super cool now . LAME . 
I laughed out loud when I saw that the the three \targeted\ " ads on the side of my < PROPFEMALE > were \ " Depressed ? \ " \ " Find a job ! \ " and \ " Want a boyfriend ? \ " It's like facebook is psychic !!! Lol . " 
can't think of anything for her status tonight . I think it's the cough medicine making me dumber than normal . Time to grade papers ! 
can't figure out what to do . Sigh . 
euphonium ... 
has a phone interview with Dr. < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( from U of O ) in about 25 minutes ... why isn't there a \nervous\ " smiley ?! " 
wants to be amazing . Time to practice more . 
is watching Glee and playing Euphonium ... if I wasn't sick , this would be amazing . 
sickness = 1 , < PROPFIRST > = 0 . :( 
' s head hurts :( 
I had a dream about the brass angels last night ... all my girls were there ! Only we were staying in the gym that OC stayed in last camp , and it was sort of like < PROPFEMALE>'s next top model because we were competing , but like drum corps cause we were on the floor in a gym , and also some sort of exercise program ... in conclusion , take less cough medicine and don't fall asleep with the tv on . I miss you , girls ! 
hmm , maybe I picked the wrong subject to teach . I love spider organizers , timelines , essays , and picture books ... so that's what my class is going to do this week ! Lol . Yay for doing something OTHER than teaching piano ... and for getting my kids to realize that some classical music is pretty freaking awesome . 
concert done and relatively successful ! And talking in front of crowds got so much easier once I realized that I kind of know what I'm doing . Now I just need to learn how to flail more expressively and make the band sound better . Go team . 
is so excited to go to warm up tomorrow !!! 
had a great day filled with EUPHONIUM !!! Warm up , practicing , great lesson with < PROPFIRST > , more practicing , awesome lesson with < PROPFIRST > Ham , arranging a song for my recital , and then watching < PROPFIRST > Ham's amazing recital . I want to live like this every day ! 
is enjoying the joy and majesty of Rodeo break . Yay Tucson . :) 
hmm ... breathing exercises are making me shaky . I'm out of practice ... time to breathe more . 
\Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go . \ " T.S. Eliot " 
technical practicing is making my wrist , forearm , and hand sore ... dislike . 
is so excited right now !!! BEST NEWS EVER !!!! :) :) :) 
hmm ... does anyone have any favorite Hindemith songs ? I'm trying to expose my class to some different 19th and 20th century composers , and the only Hindemith I know is the Tuba Sonata , ha . 
A student wrote a paper for me . And by wrote a paper , I mean she plagiarized off of 4 different web sites . At least she wrote down the source list and made it really easy to find the websites she copied from . I worry for the future . 
does anyone remember what the counts are for the \sniffer\ " yoga breathing we used to do in Academy ? " 
The kiddos played the best they ever have at the today at the competition , and I was really proud of them . There were a couple of things here and there , but I thought they sounded great and they did everything I've asked of them musically . They got an \excellent\ " ... so does that mean that my standards are too low ? Maybe I just don't get it ... :-/ " 
Clean euphonium = happy < PROPFIRST > . Now it's time to clean some solos ! 
had so much fun teaching girls scouts about instruments today with her TBS sisters ! And I may have recruited many little girls to play euphonium ( crossed fingers ) . Best morning ever . :) 
Accented quarter note jumps of 2 octaves and a diminished 5th at fortissimo are not ok , < PROPFIRST > Stevens . You should be ashamed of yourself for being so obnoxiously creative and difficult . Jk ! But if anyone has some suggestions/exercises for practicing large leaps , I would appreciate it . Because what I'm doing is clearly not working , as I'm sure anyone within a 5 mile radius would tell you . 
Shower , euphonium , dinner , grading , euphonium ... sans the grading , it's going to be a pretty good night :) 
\And I gave it back to him in words that I know are physically impossible . I told him to do things that I know the human anatomy cannot do . \"" 
used Glee as a teaching tool today . Win !!! :) 
I need a music theory guru to help me analyze a piano score for a solo ... it's been too long since I did it and I'm missing some things . I think it should be easier than I'm making it . Any volunteers ? 
120 !!! The magical metronome marking 3/4ths of the way there ... only 40 more clicks to go ... 
< PROPFIRST > Stevens = 1 , < PROPFIRST>'s quick breathing = 0 . An 8th note rest at 212 is NOT enough time ... yet . 
\Most people have no idea of the giant capacity we can immediately command when we focus all of our resources on mastering a single area of our lives . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Robbins " 
Happy Pi Day !!! 
Ugh ... average grades for my classes are 63% and 74% ... I'm not sure how to make this any easier besides giving them points just for showing up to class ... Wait ... I already do that . Yeah , I really don't know how to help them pass my class . 19/43 kids failing Music Appreciation ? Really ? 
I need to be a more positive person . Time to rock some artist competition music ! Bring it , < PROPFIRST > Stevens !!! 
is feeling on edge ... everything is a distraction from what I want to be doing , and I just can't get focused . I think I blame the slimfast for breakfast , fruit for lunch , and whatever for dinner plan ... time to start eating like a normal human again , ha . 
118-123 = 18x ... 120-124 = 18x ... 18x +18x = done . :) 
just had chipotle for lunch ... and it was amazing . Time to practice ! 
it's Academy jacket weather !!! Finally ! Yay Tucson . :) 
all packed for the california trip ! Now time to practice ... :) 
Off to california today ! I get back on Wednesday night - if you need to get a hold of me , text me ( cause I won't have email or facebook ) . See ya in a week ! 
had fun on the trip and had a really good time ! Now ... back to real life . 
congratulations to all of my friends that are getting engaged , married , and having babies ! There are TOO many of you ! 
has a meeting with the principals of both University and Rincon tomorrow ... and I have no idea why . Maybe they want to give me a raise ? Crossed fingers ? 
Good news - it's easier to practice ( and more effective ) with my computer off . Bad news - my computer is being stupid and keeps randomly turning off . Time to get a new computer !!! I don't even know where to start ... any suggestions on what kind to get ? 
got RIFed today . Happy spring break , brought to you by TUSD . 
hmm , lesson with < PROPFIRST > Mead and 5 other amazing musicians ... or teaching the last week of school and conducting one song for a concert at a school that doesn't want me anymore . Decisions , decisions ... 
is going to the doctor today to figure out this whole dizzy/tired/difficulty breathing thing ... hopefully they can fix it so I can feel normal again . 
practicing euphonium so that my recital actually WILL ( hopefully ) be awesome . Go cats . 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA & 17,000 in IL . New Jersey , & Fl are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste this . For all of the Arizonans out there : make your voice heard on May 18th . Proposition 100 will give 2/3 of the ... tax increase to public schools . VOTE ! 
My favorite days are days where all I have to do is play euphonium ... :) . And then < PROPFEMALE > made my day because she's moving here next year !!!! 
is done with day 1 of judging student staff auditions ... and I'm glad that for the most part , my job is difficult because there are TOO MANY kids that deserve a spot on student staff . Tomorrow ... drum < PROPMALE > auditions ! :-) 
Thinks that everyone should go register to vote , and then vote yes on Prop 100 so that children in Arizona can get an education . There are some things that are definitely worth paying for , and educating the youth of < PROPFEMALE > ( so that they can become good citizens and make a positive impact on the world ) is one of them . 
is going to be famous someday . :) 
Ok ... Thursday was a big fail , but tomorrow is going to be better . The stupid sub will be gone , the percussion will be there to run through things in 2nd hour , and the composer presentations are going to rock because the kids have put in the time and effort on their project . Positive thinking can't hurt , right ? :) 
is determined to practice euphonium a lot today . Go cats . :) 
got accepted to U of O ... but without any scholarships or < PROPFEMALE > positions , as far as I know ... so ... do I go to Oregon and take out student loans and try to get a job , or do I stay at UA with a scholarship ? 
had a stupid euphonium related epiphany today ... and while I'm glad that I sound a LOT better , it's a bit upsetting to realize you aren't practicing what you're preaching . Time to learn from it and move on ! Go cats ! :) 
is auditioning for U of A's trombone studio in a few weeks ... yikes ! Time to remember how that slide thing works ... along with learning some jazz , a few solos , and orchestral excerpts ... Cake , right ? :) 
is practicing euphonium ... and is taking a lesson with < PROPFIRST > on Saturday ! Woot ! 
is a little overwhelmed ... and by overwhelmed , I mean freaking out about all of the music to practice in the next 4 weeks . I might not be on facebook for a while , don't be alarmed . And on another note ... I miss you , OC ! Hope you're having a wonderful camp !!! Kick some butt and don't forget to BREATHE !!! 
going to phoenix for the day ! Lesson with < PROPFIRST > tonight , woot ! :) 
is a \Master of the Breathing Gym\ " - can I just say that hearing that from < PROPFIRST > Pilafian made my life ? :) " 
wants updates on how OC went this weekend ! Ready go ! 
hmm ... trombone would be much easier to practice if it didn't hurt my left hand and if my slide would work ALL the time and not just some of the time . It randomly gets stuck in either 3rd position or 1st position but 80% of the time it works fine ... any suggestions on how to fix it ? 
learned how to play the chords for Country Roads on guitar today , since my classes only had about 8 kids in them because of testing ... miss you , radies !!! Good memories :-) 
is frustrated . But in other news , 11 more school days !!! ( ok , so really 18 , but I'm only going to 11 of them ! Woot ! ) 
is taking the night off of playing ... time to try to let my face heal ( both chop and passing out injuries ) and start fresh tomorrow . Go cats . 
hates dust and laundry . Time to take a shower and be less gross and then go practice . 
Ok , fingers ... today , you need to cooperate and play 16th notes in time like you have been for the last 3 months . No more \but you hit your head Thursday\ " or \ " but you've been practicing trombone and I thought I'd take a vacation\ " excuses ... FIGURE IT OUT !!! And now ... time to rock some euphonium . " 
made it into the trombone studio at U of A ! Not because I played particularly well ( cause I'm a euphonium player in real life , ha ) , but because he thinks I might have the potential to play well . That's exciting . \ 
\ 
And I also got an email accepting me to UA today ! Now I just need that scholarship money and I'll be all set .... \ 
And PS ... Glee is amazing . Today was a good day . :) 
isn't feeling well , but is going to recover by Saturday so she can rock her recital . Ready go . 
ghetto rigged her kick slide on her euphonium with rubber bands so it won't come out while I'm playing ... I'm proud of my engineering skills , but feel a little silly fixing my kick slide like this . 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity \ 
to accept the things I cannot change ; \ 
courage to change the things I can ;\ 
and wisdom to know the difference . \ 
Living one day at a time ; \ 
Enjoying one moment at a time ; \ 
Accepting hardships as the pathway to peace ; \ 
Taking , as He did , this sinful world\ 
as it is , not as I would have it ; \ 
Trusting that He will make all things right\ 
Amen . 
You don't really need to study for finals ... take a break , cause it's my RECITAL DAY !!! Come check out my recital at 7 pm in room 170 at the U of A School of Music - great euphonium music followed by some great tuba-quartet music . :) \ 
You haven't really lived until you've heard Mozart played by a tuba quartet ... ;) 
RECITAL DAY !!! Come check out my recital at 7 pm in room 170 at the U\ 
of A School of Music - great euphonium music followed by some great\ 
tuba-quartet music . :) \ 
From < PROPMALE > Mis to Funk to Jazz to classical ... this has got it all . SEE YOU THERE !!! 
My recital went pretty well ! Now time to fix some tuning , be more accurate with my technical stuff , and fix my soft and low playing ... then it'll be perfect , lol . \ 
So close and yet so far ... 2 weeks till ITEC !!! :) :) :) 
had a good mothers day with my madre ! Time to sleep so that tomorrow I can rock my 6th to last day of teaching this semester ... not that I'm counting down or anything ;-) 
is really excited to see Straight No Chaser tonight !!! Woo hoo ! :) :) :) 
is practicing euphonium ... 3 days till boot camp and 11 days until semi-finals ! Woot ! 
is wearing flip flops , short shorts , and a spaghetti strap shirt ... I don't know if I'm ready for summer or ready to be a college student again , but either way , I like it . \ 
In other news , at least 6 of the kids I've taught over the past year like me and will miss me next year if I'm not around . That's better than nothing , right ? \ 
Yay for finally making an impact ( even if it's a small one ) . :-) 
k ... facebook break time is over , time to keep practicing so I don't suck at the low brass boot camp next week . SO EXCITED ! :) 
played euphonium for like 6 hours today while watching < PROPFEMALE>'s next top model . Saturdays are awesome . 
low brass bootcamp hut ! :) 
had a lesson with < PROPFIRST > Mead today ... cross that off the bucket list !!! :) :) :) And he wants to hear me again later this week , and I can't wait to play for him again and the other amazing euph players here too ... I freaking love playing euphonium . :) 
is done teaching public school for good . I'm just not cut out for this career ... I care too much about my own success and my own musicianship to relinquish control of that to 14 year olds . It hurts when you overhear them saying that you aren't a good teacher , that you pick music that sucks , that you \don't care\ " enough to be a good teacher ... but it hurts worse when you know it's somewhat true . " 
threw down on Harlequin tonight ... it wasn't perfect , but I don't really remember the mistakes , or much about it besides the natural high of performing and letting it happen - I finally just PLAYED without freaking out ... and I had FUN !!!! YES !!!! 
is so excited for ITEC !!!! 
threw down today !!! I have no idea if I made finals or not at this point , but I think I represented myself and the U of A pretty well . \ 
Regardless of the results , I am completely satisfied with my preparation and performance and this whole experience . There are so many great players here , and I can't wait to hear the best of the best play Harlequin tomorrow :) . 
didn't make finals for the artist competition . But I'm completely satisfied that I did absolutely everything in my power to play the best that I possibly could ... maybe in 2 more years , my best will be good enough to make finals :) . See ya in 2 years , artist competition ! \ 
Good luck to everyone who did make it ! ( and keep crossing your fingers for my quartet ! ) 
is excited to rock the ITEC Quartet FINALS competition tomorrow at 10:30 am !!!! Come check us out ! :) :) :) 
My quartet won the international tuba euphonium conference quartet competition ! And then I got to listen to amazing euphonium and tuba music all day ... best day ever ! :) :) :) 
is enjoying ITEC and is SO excited to be able to play at the concert tonight - come check out the Boston Brass ( and one song by 3/2's and a knot ! ) at 7:30 tonight in Crowder ! :) 
had an amazing week at ITEC ! It was so great hearing fantastic performances and meeting wonderful people this week , along with getting to do a masterclass with < PROPFIRST > and playing at a concert with the Boston Brass ... thanks for being awesome , everyone ! 
had a great time at Academy's memorial day celebration today ! So great to see all of my old crew and see the potential in the new crew ! Good luck this summer !!! 
doesn't like when real life ( aka looking for apartments , planning classes , etc ) gets in the way of playing my horn ... but I guess it had to be done . Time to practice ! 
is remembering what it's like to sight-read difficult music ... yikes . 
is SO excited to teach OC again this summer ... I hope y'all are breathing it up in preparation for all days ! 
needs a good trombone ASAP . My current slide has decided that it wants to stick in whatever position it feels like every 5-7 notes , and I couldn't even get through scales today before I gave up practicing trombone and went back to euph . Any suggestions on where to buy it and what kind I should get ? 
is done thinking for the day ... no more apartment searching , practicing , scheduling classes , looking for trombones , budgeting my meager supply of money , or applying for jobs today ! \ 
Time to watch UP and have a relaxing evening so I can start all over tomorrow . :) 
is going to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and baby < PROPFIRST > and then meet with < PROPMALE > to talk about getting a new trombone ... cross your fingers that I can find a good horn that I can afford ! 
is going to bed ... tomorrow I hope to a ) find a place to live for next year , b ) practice euphonium for a lot longer than I did today , and c ) start doing laundry and packing for drum corps . Go cats ! 
is looking at houses to rent for the fall ! Crossed fingers that one of them has everything ( or almost everything ) I want ... 
found the perfect house . I hope the person who applied for it before me is a felon and gets rejected ... wait , did I say that out loud ? 
Good news ! My paycheck for the last two weeks was MORE than the rest of my paychecks ... which is weird because I only went 1 day of the last two weeks due to euphonium-ing . Apparently , I get paid more the less I show up ... interesting . \ 
Bad news ... real life is getting in the way of being a good musician . It's 9:40 and I haven't touched my horn yet today ! Time to go hit it hard ! 
is frustrated . 
ok ... that's it , I need a break from house hunting . Euphonium , here I come ! :) 
might be overpacking for drum corps . Minus the \might be\ " part . Does anyone know if we have laundry days/how many we have ? " 
rode a bike for the first time in like 6 years ( after helping fix it ) , made a packing list for drum corps , downloaded itunes and transferred all of her music to her new computer , and loaded 10 new tuba/euph cd's into her itunes - productive day ! Now time to practice and make it complete . :) 
worked out this morning . Only a week-ish until I have to be in shape enough to < PROPMALE > people around the field ! \ 
Now ... time to breathe it up and rock some concerto sight reading . Good day so far ! :) . 
This game is stressing me out ! GO CATS !!! 
Bring it back next game , cats ! Ok ... enough softball , time to practice euphonium . 
Does anyone have any suggestions for a euphonium concerto that would stand a < PROPMALE > of winning a concerto competition against other instruments ? It has to be with orchestra ( I think ) and less than 20 minutes ... I think it's time for a euphonium or a tuba to win that competition at UA ... just sayin . 
working out seemed like a great idea yesterday , ha ... I forgot about the soreness the next day . Ouch ! 
almost time for GLEE !!!! Woot ! 
I love glee . Best show ever ... at least equal with the office , in my book . 
A huge cockroach just crawled under the piano in my room ... I'm sleeping on the couch with my euphonium tonight . 
SYTYCD might make me cry ... ugh , when did I turn into such a girl ? It's been too long since I had to man up for drum corps ... I miss marching . 
just got the score for OC's show ... so psyched ! 
So I was inside my house , being a geek on youtube and looking at tuba/euph videos online ... which are somehow linked to the Contrabass Sax videos ( who'd have thought ? ) - so I opened one and played it , just to see what it was about . And as soon as the CB sax player started playing , the birds 30 feet away OUTSIDE scattered and left the yard . AWESOME . 
might be buying a new ( used ) trombone tomorrow ! Crossed fingers that it's the horn I'm looking for ! 
1 - has a new trombone\ 
2 - had a GREAT time at Academy's Center Stage show tonight ! I'm so proud that I was able to be a part of such an amazing organization for 6 years , and I don't regret a minute of it . Love it and live it while you can , because too soon it will be just a memory ... 
does anyone have suggestions on good trombone mouthpieces ( for a euphonium player) ? Apparently my SM4 and SM4U are not so good with trombone , ha . 
thinks the tucson studio folks should go to warm up at 7 in room 106 for the next 3 days ... because I'll be there , and we can < PROPFEMALE > for the last few days before I go to Oregon . Ready go ! 
is firmly convinced that singing loudly and with reckless abandon in the car is essential to being a good musician . 
could either pay for health care coverage or rent for next year ... do I really need health care coverage ? Really ? 
needs to go to bed earlier tonight , ha . I went to warm up and came home , had breakfast and then slept from 10 until 2 ! I hope I can stay more awake during drum corps , lol . 3 days til all-days ! :) 
had fun watching glee with the big brother !!! Now for some trombone and euphonium time :) . 
has a plan ... 1 more day in AZ , and then off to rock some drum corps - so excited ! 
last night in AZ until August 15th ! I'm going to miss AZ and my family and friends , but I'm excited to teach some great kids out in Oregon . If you need to get a hold of me , feel free to text me or call me , I'd love to hear from you ! :) Have a great summer ! 
is leaving to teach the Oregon Crusaders today ! Text me or give me a call , I'd love to hear from you over the summer ! :) 
is having a great time teaching the Oregon Crusaders ... and would like to gently remind them that running , breathing , and practicing are not optional in this week break . Just sayin . 
I would much rather retake undergrad music history than try to study for this diagnostic exam ... there's no way I'm going to remember any of this or be able to apply it to anything useful , even if I do make it through the entire book . I wonder if that's an option ... 
needs to get to a verizon store hopefully sometime today ... anyone in Portland want to give me a ride ? After the 5 hours of adventure on public buses yesterday , I think I'm going to take a break from that , ha . 
is off to find a secluded , shady place to practice and enjoy euphonium for a few hours ( without irritating the drum staff for once , lol ) . Go cats . 
is living the dream and taking the kiddos to perform at turkeyrama ... Wait ... what ? 
I can't wait for drum corps to start again ! Keep throwin down this week , OC !!! ( PS ... that means turn off facebook , grab your instrument or equipment , and do work ! ) We're going for 3 < PROPFEMALE > of 1's and 1's or 8th notes next week , hornline ... be prepared ... 
is determined to learn the grid as step one to being less drum illiterate . 
Chipotle , fixed phone , new pink and purple binder for OC stuff ( just so < PROPFIRST > can be stylin if he needs to borrow it ) . Break goals accomplished ... All-days hut ! 
had a great time helping < PROPMALE > celebrate his birthday ! Now ... time to enjoy the last day before all-days part dos . Go cats . 
FYI - if you call me and I don't answer , you MUST leave a message or I will not be able to call you back . For some reason my phone says \No ID\ " no matter who calls . Lame . \ 
I love this hornline . 
Drum corps is like figure skating ... lol . 
is about to leave Oregon to go on tour ... time to rock it , OC ! :) :) :) 
Wow , rough logistical day , ha . At least we're on the road now to ... somewhere , lol . Drum corps drum corps drum corps . :-) 
First show in a month ... throw down , oc ! 
The effort is the prize ... 
Staff < PROPFEMALE > at camp < PROPMALE > ! :-) 
enjoys hearing ' Yeah ... WOOOO!' Love it . One more week ... :-) 
It is POURING ! Video to come sometime ... 
' articulation is a gateway drug to style . ' - t-mod 
It's 5 am ... time to drive to indy and throw down ! 
Finals day ! Throw down , oc ! 
Is at the gate , ready to watch OC have their best run of the year . THROW DOWN ! 
8th to 2nd in one year with the highest score in corps history ? I'll take it ! :-) . Congrats Oregon Crusaders , thanks for an amazing summer ! 
is back home in tucson and is a quarter of a century old ! 
Although I am a geek , studying music theory on my birthday is not what I really wanted to do today , lol . 11 hours until my theory test , wish me luck !!! :) 
is spending the day practicing euphonium and trombone . And missing OC a little bit . Please upload and tag some pictures asap , OC . 
I'm pretty sure that the reason facebook photos isn't working as well as it should is because all of the drum corps kids just got back from tour and are trying to upload pics and videos as quickly as possible . 
time to suck it up and do my drum corps laundry and clean my room to get ready for school . Yeah grad school in 5 days !!! :) 
Maybe I'm just not out of drum corps mode yet , but ... something feels off and uncomfortable about being at U of A . Maybe I should have just sucked it up and paid to go to U of O , just for the sake of being able to start over and not having to fight pre-concieved notions about my teaching and playing abilities . Maybe it will be better when classes start ... crossed fingers . 
1 movie , half a bottle of white vinegar , a tub full of lukewarm water , box of q-tips , a roll of paper towels , some silver polish , valve oil , slide grease , 4 hours of hard work and my horn is CLEAN ! \ 
Time to practice , throw down , and get things back on track ... bring it , life . 
Enjoys playing a trombone with a working slide :) . Now if only I could play in tune with a good sound and good articulation ... haha . One step at a time , I guess . So excited/nervous to take trombone lessons again ! 
is ready to throw down on her audition tomorrow . 
Well ... that wasn't my best . Stupid nerves . 
wishes she could be in Oregon today . Have fun at the banquet , OC ! Miss you guys ! 
is going to do guard to keep my mind of things . Spinning makes everything better ... :) 
is really excited to be in Wind Ensemble again ... but still wishes her audition had gone better . Time to go practice more and become amazing . 
Day 1 of grad school ! And ... I have 3 hours until my first class . Time to practice . 
Ready for day two ! Warm up , Theory , Wind Ensemble , and going to a Tau Beta Sigma meeting ( and practicing in between all of that ) . Go cats :) 
had a good trombone lesson ! That might be the first time I've ever thought and/or said that . A day to < PROPFIRST > in calendars and such . Trombone studio is pretty awesome so far ( as of day 2 of grad school ) . 
is trying to figure out how to practice 2 hours on trombone and 2 hours on euphonium every day on top of ensembles without killing her face ... bring on the ice and ibuprofen ! :) 
My Wednesdays now consist of warm up , pedagogy , tuba-euph ensemble , tuba-euph studio lunch , Tuba-euph studio , tuba quartet 2 , and 1 real class . That's a heck of a lot of tuba and euphonium for one day , lol . I'm kind of loving grad school ... just sayin . 
has been in the music building for 9.5 hours and has only played euphonium for 10.5% of that time . Lame . Time to stop studying , go home and get some euph on . 
kind of loves people from Oregon ... just sayin . 
is living out her double life as a euphonium and trombone player . I feel like a double agent , though ... practiced euph , went to a trombone party , practiced trombone , went to a euphonium/tuba party , lol . Good day ! 
\Because playing in tune is fun . \"" 
is loving grad school and is SO glad to be in the trombone and euphonium studio . My lessons alone are totally worth every < PROPFEMALE > I'm spending right now . 
Tomorrow is a good day to do work and get better . Go cats . 
is being productive today . :) 
For some reason , working out really hard outside in the heat makes me motivated and inspired to do amazing things and push my limits . I wonder where that comes from . ;-) 
My phone split into 2 pieces just now ... don't text me , because I won't get it . Sad days :-( . 
Ok ... I have a functional phone and almost all of the contacts I had before . I feel a little better . \ 
Now I'm just sad that I lost a lot of awesome texts from wonderful people that I was saving ... so if you consider yourself a wonderful person and you've texted me in the last 2 months something nice , you should re-send it to me so I can save it , ha . Thanks ! :) 
is enjoying practicing the trombone more than the euphonium today ... maybe I'll turn into a real trombone player after all . Or maybe it's opposites day and no one thought to tell me . I'll check my sesame street calender just in case ... 
Oh peanut butter and jelly sandwich , how I've missed you these past 3 weeks ... 
has decided that Wednesdays are euphonium-only days . I need at least one day a week where I can feel good about how it feels to play ( without overthinking how the trombone compares to euph ) . Maybe that'll change once I have a better handle on trombone , but ... for now . Wednesday is officially declared \Euphonium Day\ " in my book . " 
is remembering ... I hope you are too . 
Does anyone know how to print scores in finale so they are landscape and have like 16-20 measures or so per < PROPFEMALE > ? I don't particularly want to have to turn < PROPFEMALE > s every 6 measures . 
and 4 hours later , I was able to print a score in landscape . I hate finale sometimes . 
\I guess it's better to be who you are . Turns out people like you best that way 
Tuba Ensemble playing Coldplay = win . 
is seriously considering taking a nap on the tuba room couch ... I need to remember how I did that 5 hours sleep a night thing along with taking 22 credits . 
Loves being a sister of TBS . 
SO frustrated . 
Facebook poll for music majors or former music majors : \ 
Do you practice first and then do homework , or do you do homework and then practice ? Why ? 
fantastic day ... got to talk to one of my favorite people in the world for a couple hours , gave some lessons , practiced euph and trombone , < PROPMALE > with the family , and went to a comedy club with awesome friends . Go cats . 
SO happy to have a working euphonium again . For some odd reason , it's way easier to play when the 1st valve comes all the way up all of the time . ;-) \ 
Time to do the homework I've been avoiding while I was taking a break from school . 25 straight days of studying and practicing without giving myself a < PROPMALE > to relax was a terrible idea ... let's see if can do well in school AND be a functional person at the same time . 
There's nothing quite like trying to do homework in the room next to the beginning oboe techniques class ... ouch . 
is attempting to kill sickness with sleep . Unfortunately , my homework is not being cooperative and getting done while I sleep ... crap . 
my choice to be a normal human being this weekend is catching up with me ... time to read 8 chapters ! Whoops . 
I wish there was some way to channel emotion into music ... but unfortunately crying puts a damper on my sound . I'm sure as heck emotional enough to be a musician ... I just can't use it to my advantage . 
is going to practice euphonium and have FUN . Euphonium is fun ... not stressful . Ok . Back on track . 
Today is 12 million times better than yesterday was . Thank goodness . :) 
is mentally preparing for 7 jam packed days of concerts , rehearsals , gigs , practicing , and hw by getting some sleep tonight . 
The U of A Symphony just played a concert of my people ! And by my people , I mean Mexicans and Academy - Huapango ( and a song called Danzon 2 ) FTW ! :) 
is writing a paper/hopeful potential journal article about the benefits , downsides , and hazards of drum corps for the aspiring brass player ( and how to deal with private students that do drum corps in terms of transferring the good things while rehabilitating chops and sound , etc ) ... any brass players/teachers have any thoughts about the topic ? 
Mozart .... why you gotta be like that ? 
The more I learn , the less I know ... there's no way I have time to do all the things I SHOULD do to be as good as I could be . Time to either lower my standards or go crazy . 
Is so excited to see < PROPMALE > play tonight ! 
Note to self : learn every song ever written so I never have to sight read in performance again . 
60 mph winds ? Today might not be the best day to pull out the ol ' flag and rifle ... 
oh good , 2 in the morning on a Sunday morning that I was going to get lots of sleep on ... and I've been woken up with a sore throat and runny nose . So much for lots of sleep and a really productive practicing and hw day tomorrow . 
taking a day off of playing feels awful ... but with a sore throat , I just don't think it will be productive . Ugh . 
and ... I'm still sick . Sleeping and doing hw today , taking another day off of playing ... hopefully this time off won't affect my recital too much :-/ 
well ... at least since my mouth hurts too much to eat , maybe I'll lose weight ? \ 
God works in mysterious ways .... maybe his way of telling me to lay off of the delicious unhealthy and/or healthy foods I love is by making my mouth hurt too much to eat them . \ 
PS ... virus = 1 , doctor = 0 . Fail . 
had a great time at the < PROPFEMALE > wars concert last night , menos the part where my throat and tongue felt like they were on fire . Note to self ... triple tonguing when sick creates fire . Almost feeling better , though ... hopefully only a few more days until I'm back to normal . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s top model-a-thons followed by hours of chick flicks may have ruined my productivity today , ha . Oh well ... time to practice now . 
42 day . 
is abandoning the futile attempt to play right notes and trying to just make it through without stopping . Crash and burn in t-minus 15 days ... 
discovered pandora and jazz ... but has to study for a research in the arts midterm and practice trombone ( and watch glee ) . Decisions , decisions ... 
midterm done in 10 minutes ? YES ! This reading all the materials for my classes thing is starting to finally have an impact ... and now time for trombone and figuring out jazz . 
Las tubas de tucson recital in 12 days ! The countdown begins ... 
is going shopping for a recital outfit ... time to be girly for a couple hours ! :) 
After 25 years of being a girl , I finally somewhat successfully curled my hair . 
1 . Thinks that some pop music and musical music is ABSOLUTELY as valid as jazz and opera and classical music ... I'm SO sick of having people look down their noses at me because I listen to popular music . \ 
2 . Is praying for my cousins kid that's going to the dr. tomorrow ... love ya , kiddo ! \ 
3 . Is slightly concerned that her accompanist couldn't figure out 12/8 today ... with the recital in a week . Insert panic attack . 
needs a better schedule next semester . And needs to spend about 4 more hours in the practice room every day instead of in front of her computer typing papers and doing research and theory . 
I love teaching lessons . 
Today is the first day of Octubafest 2010 at U of A , and it's going to be awesome ! Lesson with < PROPFIRST > Tindall , Las Tubas de Tucson rehearsal , rehearsal with my accompanist , and then < PROPFIRST>'s recital at 7:30 in Crowder Hall - come check it out ! 
Las Tubas de Tucson recital = success ... even though it was SUPER long , ha . Thanks to everyone who checked it out online or in person , I appreciate your support and hoped you enjoyed it ! :) 
desperately needs help with theory ... each week is more and more confusing . 
Trombone = 1 , < PROPFIRST > = -12 . I'm going to figure out how to play this darn thing ( while still being a legit euphonium player ) if it kills me . 
Holy crap , POA ... thanks for throwing down the best show i've seen from you . So proud to be an alum tonight ! 
Happy Birthday to my real life mom and my TBS kid ! \ 
.... oh , and happy halloween too :) . 
trombone time ! I think it would be fun if it didn't hurt my face so much ... I feel like I must be doing something wrong . I wish I could figure it out . 
oh hiccups ... if you would stop in the next 5 minutes so I could adequately prepare for my trombone lesson/be able to play longer than a measure during my trombone lesson , that would be fantastic . And by fantastic , I mean FIGURE IT OUT AND STOP !!!! 
The voice in my head that keeps talking about the notes I just missed needs to shut up and let me focus on the music . 
Euphonium , Trombone , and C tuba next semester ? Hmm ... I think less credits may be necessary in order to pull that off , ha . I'm excited , though ! :) 
Wind/Percussion area recital at 11 in Holsclaw ! I'm on 2nd with the Ellerby Concerto mvt 1 and 4 , come check it out ! :) 
Only 4 days of school and 1 paper due next week ? SO EXCITED for a relaxing weekend where all I have to do is practice . And exercise . And maybe work on some long term projects . And practice more ( since concerto competition is this week ) . \ 
Still ... SO EXCITED ! 
Drum corps friends ... anyone know of a really great youtube video of a warm up including articulation/lip slurs/long tones ? Maybe 1-2 minutes ? \ 
I need something to add to a powerpoint I'm doing about how doing drum corps and being a great brass player can go hand in hand ... and I would like to show the classical musicians in my class how good drum corps can sound . The videos I've found are not helping my case , ha . 
Concerto competition tomorrow ! Throw down of the Ellerby will commence at 4:32 in Centennial Hall ... cross your fingers for me ! ( and the other brass players , specifically those that play in the lower and more beautiful register ... just sayin . ) 
Hmm ... not the best I've ever played , but one of the better times I've played in front of people . I'm ok with that . Results tomorrow ! ( or maybe later tonight ... crossed fingers ! ) \ 
Go cats ! 
Low brass players for the win ! 2 weeks til Concerto competition finals ! :) 
Would anyone like to be serenaded in the next week ? My assigment for the week is to perform the < PROPFIRST > Ellerby Euphonium Concerto 10 times ( in front of real people that make me nervous ) before the concerto competition finals ... \ 
Any takers ? :) 
Oh goodness ! So many drum corps status updates from the Oregon Crusaders ... I MISS YOU GUYS ! Rock it at auditions next weekend ! 
will be throwing down on the Ellerby mvts 1 , 3 , and 4 on November 23rd at ( tentatively ) 9:32 am in Crowder Hall . Come check it out ! 
I literally just duct taped my tuning mechanism back on to my horn ... and it's working , ha . I am going to play well in this competition no matter what you throw at me , life !!! Bring it ! 
Today I finished an awesome book , nailed some high notes on trombone , and rocked the ellerby's face off . Go cats . \ 
Now about that theory homework I've been putting off for 6 days now ... 
I feel off today ... maybe if I take a nap I can start over , ha . 
today was pretty terrible overall . But I'm determined that tomorrow will be better . 
today is already WAY better than yesterday ! Even with having to sight read on trombone in front of people ... hopefully this 4 hour streak of good things continues through my midterm at 4 .... :) 
Haha .... I love my big bro . \I leave town for a week and a half and suddenly pot is legal and my sister is dating a democrat ?!! \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
It's a night for a chop break ... cause it just ain't happening after doing so many run through's of the ellerby . Time to attack that 20 < PROPFEMALE > research paper that's due in 3 weeks ... yikes ! I feel like a grad student ! 
Good luck at auditions this weekend , OC ! Wish I could be there to see you guys throw down and start it off right ... let me know how things go ! :) 
9:32 am ... performance run through #1 . 
I really want to play pictures at an exhibition with a full brass section ... so cool . 
9:32 ... performance run through 2 ! 
47 surveys condensed to fit on 47 pages ... and it only took 2 hours ! Now for analyzing data and writing the paper ... I would definitely rather be at OC's auditions right now , ha . 
Excited for the concerto competition tomorrow ! It's open to the public - you should come check out some of the top woodwinds and brass at the U of A ! \ 
Good luck everyone ! 
Runner up ! I'll take it :) .... but I'm winning the next one , lol . Congrats to < PROPFIRST > Hicks for taking the win ! 
is glad to be seeing her family in Yuma today . Have a great Thanksgiving , everyone ! 
is thinking about applying for a travel < PROPMALE > to go the US army tuba euph conference .... is anyone else planning on going ? 
I injured my knee today by attempting to < PROPFEMALE > my backpack , computer , euphonium , trombone , bag o music , and purse all at the same time ... which sucks , ha . Hopefully it will be better tomorrow . \ 
In related news , I learned that when my knee hurts , I automatically revert back to straight leg marching technique that allows me to move pain-free . Old habits die hard ... :-) 
90% ... someday I'll play a solo without any mistakes , ha . Oh well , still a fantastic concert by the Wind Ensemble , menos a few strange things . \ 
In other news .... I really want to be a part of a flash mob dance thing . How do those things get organized , and when/how can we make one happen in Tucson ? 
Hey drum corps friends - Does anyone have a really terrible picture of someone in uniform playing with puffy cheeks or obvious tension ? I need one more pic for my drum corps presentation and I can't seem to find a good(bad ) picture ... if you do , send it my way ! 
97% on my research final ! :) Now about that paper that's 55% of my grade ... 
I'm not all about the rivalry ... but for those of you that missed 30 rock tonight because you were at the football game , you missed a good one ! \ 
\A parent is the one person who is supposed to make their kid think they can do anything . Thinks they're smart even when they go to Arizona State . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Donaghy 
People take college football WAAAAAAY too seriously . I'd much rather watch a swim meet . 
New mouthpiece on Trombone , starting C Tuba , and playing a different Euph .... my chops are ALL sorts of confused today , lol . Tuba Christmas tomorrow , 8:30 am - be there ! And if you aren't fortunate enough to play the tuba or euphonium , come watch us play at 2 pm at the Oro Valley Marketplace ! \ 
( And good luck OC ! Have a great 2nd audition camp in Salem ! ) 
I love tuba christmas . 
Straight no chaser is on pbs ! Love it ! \ 
... and still working on my paper . 
Paper 75% completed ... just that pesky discussion section left , ha . \ 
How did OC go this weekend ?! Miss you , OC ! 
Signing off facebook until my paper is done and my trombone is practiced ... or at least until I need a break from writing my paper and practicing , ha . 
so close ... I can't wait for Friday ! 
Reading , writing , and research are done . Time to perform ! Scales in 3rds and tunes in all 12 keys at 8:30 , pedagogy final due at 9 , research paper , poster , and presentation due at 4 . Crossing my fingers all that goes well on 4 hours of sleep ! :) 
Wow , really ? You're going to move the final presentation date AGAIN ? REALLY ??? Good thing I haven't wasted my time preparing and practicing for this presentation in place of practicing my instruments or anything ... oh wait .... never mind . 
apparently playing the Ellerby is NOT like riding a bike ... 
And .... I'm sick . Dang it . 
I'm already sick of being sick and it's only been like 48 hours . 
Commence re-reading my entire theory textbook in the hopes that I can rock my final on thursday ... ready go ! 
I got to help with editing Kunzer's new cd today ! Good times . \ 
Drum corps presentation tomorrow ( AKA FINALLY !!!! ) , studying for my theory final , and turning pages for Kunzer's recording session . Almost done with this semester ... :) 
Just had a dream that I was looking at my grades for this semester and realized I had a D in a class that I couldn't remember signing up for ... then my friend reminded me that we were in the class together and I had just stopped showing up because I thought the class was stupid . \ 
When I woke up , I had to check to make sure it wasn't real ... maybe I'm more stressed about school than I should be , ha . 
Drum corps presentation = throw down to the < PROPMALE > . :) 
Theory theory theory theory .... theory .... theory theory theory .... theory theory theory theory theory theory theory theory ... facebook ... theory theory theory ... 
Theory makes me want to cry . That was perhaps the worst 2 hours of this semester , staring at the music thinking \I have no idea what happens from the main theme until the development section ... \ " ... for 2 hours . How can I enjoy my break when my semester ended with THAT ? Ugh . " 
Today I learned that adding milk to cookie dough mix that doesn't ask for it makes cookie-cake . Whoops . 
Going shopping ! FINALLY . 
Christmas shopping = 85% done . Cute dress and shoes for wedding and present for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > = purchased . Pep band stuff for the winter break = picked up . < PROPFIRST > = awesome . 
Did guard in typical drum corps rehearsal gear outside today and was completely comfortable . Time to decorate the Christmas tree ! \ 
AZ ftw . 
Has been arranging music since 10:30 and lost track of time ... whoops . Time to sleep ! 
Just bought some cool presents for the kiddos ! I'm excited . :) 
has somehow lost weight over Christmas break . I'm pretty sure that means that not enough people are giving me cookies and other delicious treats . Just sayin . 
wow ... finally listening to the off-bass brass \Knock yourself out\ " cd all the way through . HOLY CRAP . Quartet ... we need to rehearse and be more awesome . Just sayin . " 
2 travel < PROPMALE > applications in , conra piece mostly written , cafe 1930 mostly arranged ... time to practice . :) 
I think this \Team Edward\ " water bottle is a little high maintenance 
I just learned about the positive effects of slapping someone to get rid of their hysteria from Mythbusters ... including increasing overall performance in activities requiring focus . Maybe I should have someone slap me before my recital . 
Where is it snowing in Tucson ?! 
humbly apologizes to anyone in the near vicinity for the horrible jazz improv ... it may be a lost cause , but I'm going to attempt it regardless . Mostly because I have to , and partially because I really want to get it ... I just don't know if my brain is has the right equipment for jazz . 
Teaching lessons is my favorite thing ever . 
Breaking out the notecards and the music history book . Who doesn't want to have to retake undergraduate history ? THIS girl . Bring it . 
You know you used to work for a ghetto school when you find the end of the year award they gave you for \Teaching our students that those things are instruments 
I introduced my parents to \Damn you auto correct\ " last night ... insert constant giggling from the other room . At least I know where I get it from . :) " 
Any trombone players want to sub for a sub for pep band tomorrow ? I have a music history test the next morning and I would really rather study and pass that so I don't have to retake undergrad music history . I think it's a mens game . Let me know if you could help me out !!! 
Pep band sub found ! Sweet ! Now I can study more for music history ... it's strange how much my priorities have changed since undergrad , ha . 
Anyone have a copy of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s Concertino that I could borrow for a few weeks ? I ordered it , but it might not get here till the 26th ... 
2 days of studying music history and I'm only to the Baroque ... maybe I should just cross my fingers and pray that all of my studying in 2006 will magically help me tomorrow , lol . Yay for multiple choice ? 
I attempted to look up \Galliard\ " ... and google said \ " Did you mean \ " gaylord\ " ? Lol . " 
The best thing I can say about it is the music history diagnostic is that at least I recognized 90% of the names and terms , even if I knew nothing about them . That's progress , right ? \ 
I was destined to fail that anyway . No amount of studying on my part would have helped , because had I had more time , I still would have memorized and studied the wrong things . Sigh . 
As much as I appreciate that Obama ( and McCain ) are coming into town today in honor of those injured and killed in the tragedy on Saturday , I'd rather be alone or with close friends praying for the families affected . I can't help but worry this event is going to turn into a political statement about something or other , and I just can't handle it being used for politics . 
Brass regional prep session on Saturday from 9 to noon ! Teachers , tell your kiddos about it ! 
I'm glad today is almost over . Time to go home and practice some trombone and tuba and forget about the people that have been driving me crazy . 
Yesterday I practiced all 3 instruments for a total of 6 and a half hours ... and today my face still feels great . This 3 lessons a week thing might work out after all . Time to go play some trombone and tuba . :) 
\An imploding < PROPFEMALE > is a very dangerous place to be ... \"" 
\You cannot see the human heart 
\So much time and so little to do . Wait a minute . Strike that . Reverse it . \"" 
One day more . 
Phew ! That was a tough first week and a day of school ! I think I need a break , lol ... maybe I'll travel , do some deep breathing , listen to some great music , and watch some inspiring performances this next week to recover . :-) 
Glad to be back with the team . :-) 
Practicing the euphonium in Oregon . 
Does anyone live in/near LA that could maybe let me stay with them tonight ? I might need someplace to stay , I'm trying to fly to Washington DC for the Army tuba-euph conference , but apparently they're cancelling flights all over the place right now . 
Finally on my way to the army tuba euph conference ! I'm missing a 3rd of what i had planned on going to , due to flight cancellations ... better late than never ? 
It took 29 hours ... but I finally made it from Oregon to DC . So excited to see the rest of the army tuba-euph conference ! 
Exhausted , but so glad I came out to the conference ! This is exactly what I needed to get my brain back in gear for a quality semester . 1 more day of tuba-ing in the snow and then back to AZ ! 
Projected budget for trip : 904.97 . Actual cost before breakfast in the airport : 900.29 . FTW . 
I love drum corps in Oregon and tuba-euph awesomeness in DC .... but I'm really glad to be home in Tucson . And I'm inspired and ready to throw down for the rest of the semester . Win-win-win . :) 
I would much rather be practicing than writing this paper . But I really need that piece of official looking paper next year that says I have a masters degree ... so I will write it . Darn college requirements . 
Really productive day of fundamentals , jazz , and sight reading today ! And by productive , I mean it was kinda scary bad and clearly necessary , ha . \A little better EEEEvery day ... \ " lol . \ 
Completely de-railed my trombone pedagogy class today and started an animated discussion between my euphonium/tuba professor and trombone professor about breathing , buzzing , and whether or not it's possible to get all of the air of your lungs actually THROUGH your horn ( and whether it's important to do so ) . Whoops . 
Does anyone have any tips on how to make your brain stop telling you everything you're doing wrong while you're playing ? My brain keeps yelling at me at the wrong times and throws off my groove . 
Brass ensemble rehearsal time ! 
Listening to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and doing my reading ... hopefully some jazz will infiltrate my brain's classical defenses so that I have a < PROPMALE > at being jazzy sometime in the near future . 
3 hours of listening to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I'm finally done reading my Mus < PROPMALE > chapter ... SUPER informative and enlightening about philosophies of learning and < PROPMALE > ucation . \ 
I like this class , but sometimes I get frustrat < PROPMALE > - I REALLY wish we would have read this book in my undergrad . I think I would have had a much better < PROPMALE > of being a good teacher had I read this back then . 
Time to go practice ... playing trombone for masterclass monday and recording the ellerby in 9 days . Bring it . 
Trombone time ! Here we grow . ( thanks drum corps ... ) 
Sometimes the euphonium makes me want to kick things . I seriously don't understand why I can't play a high B ... ever . I can play above it comfortably ... I can play below it , obviously ... I can buzz it ... but I can't make it come out of my horn . I'm sure it's a \user-error\ " but I sure as heck can't figure out what I'm doing wrong . Ugh . " 
There you are , euphonium embouchure ! I've missed you the past few days ... please don't ever leave me again . I was wrong for cheating on you with the trombone and tuba ... I'm sorry . \ 
How's that for a pre-valentines day love story ? 
Once again , I'd like to say that I LOVE teaching lessons . Best thing ever . :) 
Change your profile pic to a picture of you and your sweetheart ? Um ... done and done ? 
I'm officially a < PROPFEMALE > for the film department ! Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > too , for also rocking the Film < PROPFEMALE > -ness . FTW ! 
I did ok at jazz today . :) 
Last day before recording the Ellerby ! ( well , half of it tomorrow , half of it Monday ) . \ 
I can't decided what I should practice today ... or even if I should . Decisions , decisions ... 
Wearing my Academy ring and determined to play like a champion today . Bring it , recording session . 
Recording session went well ! The recording sounds better than I remember playing ... thanks for your recording magic , < PROPMALE > ! 
Had fun hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > and other math-type folks last night ! Who would have thought that math people were normal and fun ? ;-) 
Officially published in the Tuba journal . :-) 
Wow ... I REALLY hate when people think cutting music to save money is a good and viable option . I guess Gaga is going to have to be enough music for all of us , since clearly life in the United States would be way better without professional musicians in the military or in professional orchestras . \ 
Wait ... something about that seems off . I can't quite put my finger on it ... 
Just read a study that found that the Tuba is the most masculine instrument . Just sayin . 
Apparently taking like 5 days off of trombone and tuba ( because I wanted to have some good recording sessions on euph ) makes me sound awesome on them ? I don't understand ... but I'm not complaining . \ 
The complaining will come tomorrow when the magic stops working , lol . 
I just realized that in the next week , there are extra wind ensemble rehearsals , 2 wind ensemble concerts , a chamber winds concert , < PROPFIRST > Brown's recital , Adia's recital , a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > masterclass , a philharmonic orchestra concert , a symphony orchestra concert , and the Wildcat Jass band concert ( which kicks of Jazz week ... which = a week of concerts every night ) . \ 
I need a nap just thinking about it . Ugh . 
I had a good trombone lesson ?! The universe is all sorts of out of wack , ha . \ 
In other news ... throw down this weekend , OC ! 
Had a good time at Adia's recital and after party ! Commence trying to cram in all of my practicing for the day into a 3 hour period ... ready go . 
Played trombone in front of trombone studio today ... I haven't shaken that badly in a performance situation since my first grad school audition . \ 
I hope someday I'll figure out how to be confident performing by myself in front of people ... otherwise I am wasting HUGE amounts of time practicing , lol . 
Finished editing the Ellerby ... officially moving on . Woot ! \ 
PS ... let me know if you want to check it out ! 
\Working too hard can give you a heart attack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack . \ " Thanks 
Got $700 in < PROPMALE > money for the Army Tuba conference ! YES !!!!! That definitely makes my week better . :) 
Anyone have any suggestions for good orchestra recordings of anything ? I'm trying to catch up on orchestral rep in my itunes , and I'm looking for some good places to start . ( Orchestra name , year-ish , and work would be helpful :-) ) . 
\An attractive teacher with a pleasing personality is more effective in changing attitudes than a teacher who is grouchy and unattractive . \ " \ 
\Everybody is a genius . But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree 
I'm SO tired of being judged for the kind of music that I like . Just because it's complicated doesn't make it good , and just because it's simple doesn't make it bad . I LIKE LISTENING TO IT . Period . That's all that matters . I'm allowed to put a simple < PROPFEMALE > on my recital - it's a break from the 20th century music surrounding it . DEAL WITH IT . 
I'm 90% sure the ice cream truck just drove by my house playing the arpeggio clarke study . Umm .... 
I miss my odyssey girls today . In honor of all of my favorite ladies on the planet , and in my quest to find enjoyment in music again , I am going to go in a big room at UA and play feelin good for y'all . I hope you can hear it , wherever you are . :-) 
Hoping all my japan friends are doing ok :( . Thoughts and prayers to you all ! 
' new research shows that men generally flounder in the face of chronic stress , and women excel . ' 
AWESOME version of < PROPMALE > Mis on PBS right now ( done last year in London , I think ) ... check it out ! 
\We have this thing called study hall at my school where we can go to any classroom we want to get things done ... so I went to the band room and practiced every day . \ " \ 
I guess it was bound to happen - I officially need to wear reading glasses for my music reading . Apparently the dizzy-can't-see-straight after playing for several hours is not a high from playing awesome , but a sign that my eyes are giving up on me and I need glasses , lol . 
I'm currently listening to < PROPFEMALE > Primavera's recital recording ... so impressed and inspired ! :-) 
You'd think that after memorizing 13 marching shows , 1 stage show , and countless stand tunes and encore pieces that I would be better at this ... * brain imploding * \ 
Anyone have any hints or suggestions on memorizing solos ? 
Just found my Odyssey audition tape from 2008 and watched it . I learned 4 important things from it . 
Well , Euphonium ... it's been a fun week . But unfortunately , I have to ignore you for a few days while I write 2 papers , read 80 pages of sociology and music < PROPMALE > journals , do a trombone p < PROPMALE > agogy midterm , send in 2 applications for auditions , fill out all of my recital paperwork , work on a case study , and apply for a scholarship . Sad panda . 
I'm going to be in Flagstaff tomorrow afternoon and in Phoenix on Friday night and a bit on Saturday to check out Academy's rehearsal at TSC - anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Heading to Flagstaff today and Phoenix tonight and tomorrow ! Text me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > ! ( 520-405-8553 ) 
Just had an awesome trombone lesson with < PROPFIRST > Vining . FTW ! :-) 
39 out of 45 status updates on my newsfeed are about the cats making it to the sweet 16 ... just sayin . Go cats ! 
\Triumphant majesty and greatness combined with passion and energy should be the key words for your concept ! \"" 
Wow ... I can't believe how much stuff I have due in the next two weeks . Another week of sacrificing practice time to do homework and go to concerts ... sigh . 
The effort is the prize . 
' stop thinking and go practice!' - < PROPMALE > 
I learned today that I should never ask serious questions to the tuba studio . Especially the question \how would your friends describe you . \"" 
' If you're going to be terrible , be terrible right on beat!' - < PROPFIRST > rivera 
Stupid school with stupid papers and midterms and case studies ... I just want to practice ! C'mon , school of music ... I know I'm a music < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , but let me be a musician , too ! 
Practicing from 11:30 to 1 am with a practice mute in my apartment has proven effective . I'm adding it to my list of things that work . :) In other news ... GO CATS ! 
Still actively supporting the Cats by not watching and jinxing it . GO CATS !!!! 
Advisor - \What history course are you taking right now ? \ " \ 
Glad to have the < PROPMALE > to give back to the Academy a little bit by being one of the many speakers at the benefit dinner tonight . :-) 
Picking < PROPFIRST > Buble on Pandora was definitely a good choice . < PROPFIRST > Buble , < PROPFIRST > Sinatra , and < PROPFIRST > Armstrong while doing homework ? Yes please ! 
Somehow all of the audio recordings I had for my case study that's due tuesday got erased from my recorder . That's really upsetting . :-( 
I'm excited to get my glasses this week ( hopefully ) . Since the words on the computer screen are too blurry to read after working on things for 4 hours , I think I have a good excuse to stop doing homework and go to bed . 
Case study done and managed to play all 3 horns today . Goodnight ! 
The floor in the music building was wet , and I slipped on a ramp and fell on my horn on my way to warm up . Now the kick slide sticks out every time I use it and my 4th valve is slow . That's it , life - YOU WIN . I get it , I'm not meant to be a euphonium player . I give up . 
Excited to play for < PROPFIRST > Jantsch today in masterclass . :-) 
Most fun I've had all year . For reals . And yes , < PROPFEMALE > Rogers , you owe me a bag of chips . :) 
It's officially been two years since I got in my car accident on the worst day ever to get in a car accident ( because nobody believes you ) . Glad it hasn't happened again ! :) 
Hot weather makes me more motivated to practice and get things done . Thanks , drum corps ... 
I just made hard boiled eggs for the first time ever , and they came out awesome ! I know this is probably not a big deal , and that they're probably hard to screw up ... but I'm really proud of myself ! Lol . 
I don't understand why I have to restart my computer every single time I want to open a pdf file . Really , computer ? Really ? \ 
Is this normal ? What am I doing wrong here ? 
Rocked Cafe 1930 with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > this morning - I'm glad the percussion studio liked it ! Recital in 19 days ... time to get down to business . 
Today ended up being a good day ... and a musical definition for your enjoyment :\ 
\Cut time - when everyone else is playing twice as fast as you are . \ " ( courtesy of my mom :-) ) " 
Eating cookie dough and drinking milk ... skipping the middle man . :) 
I just realized why I sound super lame when I play written jazz ... and I don't know whether to be happy that I figured it out or upset that it took me so long to get something so simple , ha . 
Apparently playing the trombone while sick is not the same as being a \sick\ " trombone player ... it was worth a shot . ;-) " 
Going to see live opera for the first time ever :) 
Whoops ... I had such a productive weekend doing other things , but ... I probably should have done homework too , ha . Still - Taxes done , 11 hours of practicin stuff , and exercising all in one weekend ? I call it a win . \ 
Don't forget to check out The Hooch Strikes Back ! Will Houchin , Senior Recital tomorrow night ! Because if you haven't heard rap with tuba accompaniment , you haven't lived ... 
Don't forget to check out The Hooch Strikes Back ! Will Houchin , Senior Recital tonight !!! Because if you haven't heard rap with tubas , you haven't lived ... 7:30 in Centennial ! ( come in the East stage door ) 
\It was the roar of the crowd that gave me heartache to sing ... \"" 
Tuba = 1 , Stacey = 0 .... rematch tomorrow morning at 7 am . BRING IT . 
Someday I'll be able to memorize music , be interactive with the audience , have fun playing , and play well all at the same time . SOMEDAY . 
Meltdown lesson number 3 this year . :-( 
So I'm supposed to watch \bluesy\ " jazz on youtube to help me figure out some jazz stuff ... any suggestions ? " 
Air ==> buzz ==> sound ==> :-) 
Maybe instead of playing music at my recital , I'll just wear fun hats . 
I got super excited when the sociology article to read for tomorrow mentioned drum corps ( talking specifically about BD 03 ) ... until it completely missed the point and started making something out of nothing . See below . 
I need to get away and figure things out . 
Almost feeling ok again . Not great , but almost ok . Goals for next year ... \ 
1 ) Say no to non-required classes , even if they sound really cool and I really want to take them\ 
2 ) Figure out realistically how much time I can spend on other instruments if I want to keep getting better at euphonium ( and be ok with not achieving as much on trombone and tuba)\ 
3 ) Stop being such a perfectionist 
Come see @Will Houchin MC tomorrow night at at 7 pm in Holsclaw ! Also playing will be < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > rockin ' the marimba and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > on the euphonium . 
It's 10:22 ... and I've already gone shopping , straightened my hair , warmed up , and watched Holmes on Homes ... I might be nervous about tonight , ha . 
Recital over ! Thanks to everyone who came to listen , and special thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , Will Houchin , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Rivera , < PROPFIRST > Karlberg , and Brennen Motz for playing or helping me out tonight ! 
Oh well . I don't really foresee any orchestral trombone playing in my future anyway , seeing as I can't play loud for longer than 6 seconds without needing a breath , ha . At least I made it to the second to last excerpt before completely crashing and burning . 
\Music and singing should be taught to provide pleasurable experiences rather than drudgery . \"" 
I had fun hanging with my aunt , cousins , and their kiddos tonight ! Yay for kid musicals :) 
Big plans for next year ! I'm excited . :) 
I'm the new secretary for the Arizona Trombone Association ... oaths will be sworn on the Arban on Monday , and I will be presenting my trombone birth certificate in 3 years . ;) 
Great concert by the UA orchestras tonight ! Sing along , slide show , narrator , choir , and fantastic music ... what more could you want ? \ 
In other news ... Trombone jury , Euphonium jury , Clarke's test , Sociology paper , Trombone P < PROPMALE > paper and final , Music < PROPMALE > paper and presentation , and an audition in the next week and a half .... almost done ! 
Wearing glasses for the first time ... I don't like this at all . Hopefully my head won't hurt after working on homework for the next 4 hours , though . 
I think all music in the key of E should be moved up a half step . Just sayin . 
Does anyone have a really solid grasp on the Kodaly method ? In skimming/reading the 12 or so books on his philosophies about music education , I'm finding that every \expert\ " on this has a completely different interpretation of \ " The Kodaly Method . \ " Any advice on where to focus my attention for this project would help ... " 
Audition this weekend and papers galore . Man , I can't wait until drum corps ... 
( Halfway through the Clarke studies in warm up this morning ... )\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > : It's just a walk in the park , right ? \ 
Will Lathrop : Yeah , only there's bears and stuff . 
I guess I just don't understand what's funny about playing great music badly . And I also don't understand what gives college students any right to mock an amateur musician's composition ... maybe someone could explain it to me . 
3 days until my first real life live audition .... 5 days until my huge paper/presentation is due . Decisions , decisions ... 
Celebrating the 2nd anniversary of the day I realized that \Cinco de Mayo\ " meant \ " The Fifth of May . \"" 
Any tips on how to take luggage , trombone , euphonium , and backpack on a plane ? My current plan is euphonium and luggage under the plane , backpack and trombone on the plane with me ... do airlines allow trombones as carry-ons ? 
