wants to go swimming ! 

so very tired , but cannot sleep ..... 
I'm baaaaack !!! 
is feeling a little homesick right now ... 
is so @&*^#% tired of these damn Oklahoma BUGS !! 
Off to pick Hubby up from work ! Yay ! 
Time for bed ! Night night ! 
Husband is in the hospital . I miss him so much ! I just want him home with me . He will be home soon I know but this is so hard - being away from him when I know he is hurting so bad . Love you , Babe .... 
I miss my hubby . Praying he gets to come home soon . 
Yay ! Hubby's home and settled in and feeling better !!!! I think I may crash now ... 
Always remember , never forget ... God Bless < PROPFEMALE > , God Bless us all ... 
The Eagles RAWK my socks !!! ( the Saints did pretty stinkin good too ! ) 
Yay allergies ( NOT !! ) 
* sigh * facebook needs to get its act together .... 
Its a quiz night apparently ... i am bored ... 
I am totally blown away ... sometimes the past DOES make me smile ! 
leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy & paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . :) 
Today is the first day of the rest of my life . Not too sure how to react ... I know we have to finish packing but sleeping all day seems like a viable option too ... 
Will be offline for a few days while we get moved . Love you all and will miss my < PROPFEMALE > friends . We will come back to visit soon . 
In Kansas ... got our work cut out for us ... we will call everyone soon 
Okay ... so the unpacking is coming along swimmingly , the job search is what it is , aaaannnndddd we have NO internet or telephone reception except for at < PROPFIRST>'s Grandparents house for the moment - don't ask . Know we are safe and sound and are working on getting everything back to some sense of normalcy soon . Miss and love you all 
Update : Still plugging away , staying positive (' taint easy tho ) , < PROPFIRST > and I are both well and happy aaaannnndddd ( drum roll please ) we miss ya all like no ones business . Still waiting to get internet but will update y'all as much as I can =) 
ANother update for ya : Doing well ... still looking for a job but havin lotsa faith ! Missing you all and thanking ya for all the prayers ! Keep ' em coming !! * hugz * for you all .... till next time .... 
HAPPY TURKEY DAY ! LOVE YOU ALL !!! 
A gorgeous and cold ( brr ) day outside ... at the library now , wishing you all the most wonderful weekend !! Hopefully we will have internet by the end of the week ... YAY :) Miss and love you all ! 
I'm baaaack !! Yay ! Now to dig outta my FB pile o ' * stuff * LOL 
I notice that the more I clean one area the messier another area gets .... hmmmm 
To all my friends and family : a happy , safe and prosperous New Year ! May 2010 be the best year yet ! 
Purple 
Every party has a pooper that's why we invited you .... 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and nude bra colors made the news last night . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > G Komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra Color Game ! 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops then dont ! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them ! 
< PROPMALE > Pearson is the Interpretation Coordinator for Fort Calgary and has worked at the fort since 2000 . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an Idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , mainly because they don't know how to copy and paste . Now is the time < PROPFEMALE > ... to bring awareness to stupidity and douchebaggery . ( thanks CarolAnne !! ) 
I loved a phone in line at the bank because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . 
Yay Orajel !! Boo toothache !! 
is watching the last Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien ... so sad ... so - grrrr .... 
God , Freebird ... I cried like a baby .... 
My \fine\ " is $760.60 ... hehe " 
Ugh ... setting up new printer ... 
\Never kick a fresh turd on a hot day . \ " ( < PROPMALE > S < PROPMALE > ) " 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and UNDERSTANDING about the challenges they face ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does and make this y ... our status for at least an hour ? 
just baked an apple pie .... now to keep the cats away from it ... 
? ? ? If you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between , and I appreciate and love mine . ? ? ? 
Wow ! Thank you guys so much for the birthday wishes ! I am very lucky and very blessed to have friends ... who am I kidding .... family like you !! <3 
WHO DAT ?!?!?!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOO !!!! 
Night night all ... 
The beatings will continue until morale improves ! 
My dog died today . 4 1/2 years old , felled by a Brown Recluse . We just had to bury my puppy because of a spider ....... I miss him so bad . 
Thanks to you all for your compassion and love . I really appreciate and love you all . 
Moving to the new house ... took my aleve so that when I am broken later it will be a dull pain ... 
Almost done ! Good thing we are only moving 20 mins away ... lol ... cable and internet will be set up on Wed ... thanks for the well wishes and love ! See ya all soon !! 
All moved in and slowly unpacking ... gads I HATE moving . The cats are adjusting well though . =) 
That's right my friends - the Eagles ROCK !!! woo !! 
I hope all my Friends and Family had a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Blessed Yule and the greatest holiday ever ! 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3x the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made you smile . 
Got the flu ... fever of 102 just broke last night/this morning ... very weak but gotta rest cuz gotta work tomorrow .. yay for me - not . 
ATTN ! There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB , your home address , credit score , home value , income , age , etc . REMOVE yourself by searching your name , copy the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , go to the bottom right corner of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the Privacy button to remove yourself . Copy & repost so your friends are aware ! 
Omigosh ! I have the best friends EVER !! Thank you all for the Birthday wishes !! * hugz * I love you all !! <3 
