Happy New Year Everyone !! Woo hoo !!! Hope everyone had a great NYE ! 

Back in good ol ' San < PROPMALE > !!! < PROPFIRST > and I are going to play tourists for the next few weeks : ) 
I have arrived in Australia !!! it's only noon and i want to go to bed : ( Damn time difference ! 
Havin fun in < PROPMALE > right now , off to Kakadu tomorrow ... cant wait ! 
had a great time in the Northern Territory .... then going camping AGAIN tomorrow ! I need more sleep .... 
Having fun in the city of rum ( Bundaberg ) . Back to Brizzy later today ... 
Relaxing after being away for about 2 and a half weeks . Wish i didnt have to go home in a week : ( 
Back to Long Beach on Thursday .... soooo sad :*( 
is back in LB :*( 
Sorry i had to wait to tell everyone ...... IM ENGAGED !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Volunteering at Aquarium tomorrow !!! 
is currently on an Alaskan cruise !!!!!! 
is drinking out of a fishbowl 
Back to LB Tomorrow afternoon . Cant wait to talk to my fiance : ) 
Back in Long Beach ... going to San < PROPFEMALE > for the weekend ! 
SF tomorrow ! 
Finished reading ' Eclipse ' last nite ... now on to ' Breaking < PROPFEMALE>'! 
I dont get internet till tomorrow .... too awesome that i can go on now for free ... it's not stealing if they dont know 0 : ) 
is in SD ... waiting for Cox so i can have my precious TV to watch , and reliable internet to keep me entertained ! 
Getting ready for my hike up the extremely steep , tall hill from my apartment to the main street where my car is parked , since they have decided that today they will re-pave the parking lot : ( 
woke up in a sweat ' cause it's 96 degrees outside right now !!!! OMG ! 
OMG ... school starts TOMORROW !!! AAHHHH ! It seemed like so far away , until now : ( 
Ugh ... First day of school ... 
school , break , school , break , and then just to top it off , SCHOOL !!! 
Just got back from women's studies , and i didnt hate it as much as i'd hoped .... i hope the dance lecture i'm taking tomorrow is better so i dont have issues deciding which one to drop ! I really dont want a night class : ( 
Done with class for the day .... And OMG is it freakin ' hot out !! 
Nice to be back volunteering at Project Wildlife ... 
Thanks to Labor Day weekend , i have caught up all of my reading AND homework for the WHOLE week !! So lame .... 
STOP RUNNING BACK AND FORTH IN THE FREAKIN ' STUDIO APARTMENT ABOVE ME !!!!!!!! 
Finally !! < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model has started ! 
Loooooooonnggg day ahead of me .... 
Entirely too much reading assigned for each of my classes ... come on ! 5 scientific articles to read just for one class for Monday !?!?!? 
F**K Kanye !!!!!!!!!!!! 
So sad hearing about < PROPFIRST > Swayze :*( 
starting to get addicted to My Zoo ... it's actually really fun , and doesnt take up too much time ! And yey for an easy day tomorrow !!! 
Starbucks Caramel Macchiato ice cream is BOMB !!!!!!! 
loves furlough days .... NO CLASS THURSDAY !!! 
very tired .... waiting for ecology lab to start ... then to post office , again , because of the incompetency of the Queensland government 
It's been a terrible day full of set backs . THANK GOD FOR THE SEASON PREMIER OF HOUSE !!!!! 
I just had an incredible vegan jerk bbq burger ... can life get any better for a vegetarian ?!?!??! 
cannot wait for Grey's premier !!! 
this week went by in the blink of an eye !! yey for having no class on thursday and friday ! 
Cops are at my apartment building ... talkin to these two white guys who look like baaaaaad news , OMG 
Two exams today ... ugh 
One exam down , one to go !! 
Wow ... it has been a very , very , very long day . Glad it's over . 
got to hold a Barn Owl today at Project Wildlife !!!!! Sooo awesome !! 
: ( MyZoo hasn't been working since yesterday morning : ( What am i going to do now ? Homework ? 
Had a terrible late night and morning dealing with ANTS !!! Yuck ! 
Just saw my ecololgy teacher on Animal Planet ! 
Soooo happy !! Minimal ants in bathroom , all first midterms done , and i gotta go on MyZoo at school !!! 
Good start to the semester : got A's on my first two midterms !! 
OMG !! CSI : Miami is gonna be filming in Long Beach on the same street that my mom lives !! And there is supposed to be a live alligator on set ... wish i was home ! 
So ... I have officially submitted my Visa Application to go to Australia !!!! 
Woo hoo !!! Got an A on my third midterm ... A's in ALL classes right now !! I think this is a first .... awesome 
So ... they're re-paving the parking lot at my apartment ... again ... Didn't they do this SIX WEEKS AGO !!! I hate walking up that damn hill ... 
Have i mentioned that i LOVE HULU !!! never have to miss my fave shows again !! 
Have i mentioned that I HATE ANTS !! 
is feeling shitty . But i dont think i am getting sick ( hopefully ! ) . 
Had a dream that Demetri < PROPFIRST > showed up at my apartment and performed all his hilarious skits for me ! Very strange ... 
is not looking forward to this afternoon 
I didn't pass out during or after my blood test !!!! That's a first .... 
It's Official !! < PROPFIRST > is coming to visit me Dec 18 to Feb 3 !!! Awesomeness ... thank you V Australia for having amazing ticket prices ! 
WATCH CHANNEL 10 NEWS AT 7pm IN SAN < PROPMALE > !!! News clip on a Western Gull shot with an arrow in the head now at Project Wildlife will be shown ! I was at PW when it was filmed !! The Gull is amazingly ok . 
WATCH CHANNEL 10 NEWS AT 7pm IN SAN < PROPMALE > !!! News clip on a Western Gull shot with an arrow in the head now at Project Wildlife will be shown ! I was at PW when it was filmed !! The Gull is amazingly ok . 
Happy Halloween Everyone !!! 
Happy November !!! Less than 7 weeks of school left , including Thanksgiving week !!! : ) 
I really , really need to study for my ecology exam tomorrow , so made banana chocolate chip muffins ... That makes sense , right ? 
These are by far the best muffins i have ever made ! Yummy ... now back to studying 
1 midterm down , 2 to go ( both of them tomorrow !!!! ) 
2 midterms down , last one at 12:30 today ! Almost there ... 
YEYEYEYEYEY !!!!! Midterms done !!! Now i got a ton of papers/projects to keep me busy till finals : ( 
It has been an unexpectedly awesome day ... got to help < PROPFIRST > with a minor surgery on a Pigeon at Project Wildlife AND saw Nuttall's Woodpeckers on campus !! 
Couldn't be happier that there is no school tomorrow , AND that half my classes are furloughed on Thursday !! 
Cannot wait to have Pick-Up-Stix with < PROPFEMALE > !! 
is watching a commercial for < PROPFEMALE > Obama ... Seriously people ?!?!?!? 
Loved the nice easy week this week ... one more to get through ' till Thanksgiving !!! 
Happy < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Day , Australia !! Just made my donation to the Wildlife Warriors amazing cause ... Saving wildlife !! 
Once again .... Happy < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Day , Australia !!!! 
OMG ... there is only FIVE weeks left until I graduate AND < PROPFIRST > will be here !!!!!! AHHHH !!! 
ONE MONTH ONE MONTH ONE MONTH !!!!! 
Officially on Thanksgiving Break !! Back to Long Beach tomorrow !!! 
Bird watching then HOME !!! YEYEYEYEY !!! : D 
Had a wonderful week at home , with TONS of cooking , fam and friends . I am dreding the next 3 weeks , but it will be so worth it's all over !! 
Big presentation : DONE !! Now 4 papers and 4 exams to go ... this is going to be a very long 3 weeks ... 
OMG ! 2 Weeks left ! Just gotta get these 4 papers and 4 exams over with ! 
Love the rain , hate getting wet then sitting in class all day : ( I can't wait to get home ! 
Dance paper took way longer than it should have to finish up , so now i am studying super hard for my last exam before finals ( i hate that professors do this ! ) 
3 papers and 1 exam done !! 1 paper and 3 Finals to go !! 
Writing my LAST paper of the semester . I am not even done with it and i'm already over the word limit by 70 words :*( AHHHH !!!! 
Muahahahaha !!! Take that !! Word count = 499 !! Under 500 words ! Yes ! Papers and projects for the semester : DONE ! 
Got a ton of stuff done today , except studying . Now , onto my ecology text book , then dinner with J !!! 
One final down , 2 more tomorrow , and then it's alllll done : ) 
Ah ! Cant sleep ! Too excited ( minus the two finals i have today) !!!! 
I am a college graduate , it's my birthday ( thanks for all the wishes and comments !! ) and < PROPFIRST > will be in the US bright and early tomorrow !! 
Happy New Year to Mommy in Netherlands , Daddy in England , and Bro in USA !! With love from Me in Australia : ) 
Driving a Mazda 3 while my car is getting a tune up ... power = FUN !! 
Red ; ) 
Just got back from a job interview ... i think it went well ! Cant wait to hear back from them in 2 weeks .... 
The hail in SD was amazing !! It came down in one huge wave ! Can't wait for the storm later ... 
Going to have an awesome time tonite ... an ode to the great times over the last couple years !! 
Weird walking around SDSU after graduating ... but fun seeing a lot of people i havent seen in a while : ) 
Enjoyed the icy snow covering Mt Laguna ... had no idea they got snow up there recently !! Just wish my feet didnt get soaking wet and freeze in the process ... 
Sharing a 28\ pizza with < PROPFIRST > ... wonder how long it will take to finish it . 1 slice filled me up for lunch !! " 
Cant wait to visit the Aquarium tomorrow !! I really miss volunteering there : ( 
Missing < PROPFIRST > sooo much already ... coping by watching Greys Anatomy on Hulu :*( 
Urban Dictionary says that < PROPFIRST > is a bad ass motherfucker who won't take no shit off of nobody .... and its Origin is from the \Ash-Tree meadow \"" 
LOL ... just fast-forwarded through the Superbowl and only watched the commercials !! There were some great ones towards the end !!! 
Just received a present from my kitty .... a little lizard ... dead ... at least she left it outside this time !! 
Back in La Mesa for a few days of packing and some more packing ... ugh 
Closet is officially cleaned out !! got a huge trash bag FULL of giveaway clothes ! 
Wow ... it's POURING down rain !! 
Found a glass bottle of coke that expired in 2005 while packing , and yet it was still VERY fizzy !! Dont worry ... i did NOT drink it . 
Drenched in sweat . Car packed to the < PROPMALE > . Ready to go home !!! La Mesa , see you in another week or two ! 
Back in the LBC ! 
Apolo got Silver !! Yey !! It was a truely awesome race ! 
Back in La Mesa , once again ... probably be back in LB tomorrow or Monday , though 
Many boxes packed ... many more to go ... but my back is KILLING me ! Ahhhhh !!!!!! 
Yey ! Lunch with J ! I'm gonna miss SD so much :*( 
Back to LB now ... Ugh . I still have so much i want to put in my car , but i dont think another sheet of paper will fit !! Grr ... 
Lat trip down to SD get move the rest of my stuff ... I REALLY need to get a job now !!! 
Said my last goodbyes to San < PROPMALE > ... so sad to leave after almost 5 yrs : ( 
Damn Racoons !!! They are < PROPFEMALE > cute , but they are ruining all the gardening my mom and I have done ! Dafodil bulbs are NOT food , so stop digging them up !! 
Just finished building an Ikea bookcase for my room ... that was waaaaaaay to much work for what it is !!! 
So ... i have a bachelor's degree in bio and i just applied to CVS ... kinda sad : S 
Wow ... long day at the Aquarium volunteering ... bad timing to start waking up early !! 
Tried to save a possibly poisoned pigeon at Ralphs , but it died from seizures before i even got it home : ( RIP little guy 
Enjoying my frapp and FREE scone from Starbucks ! Much needed after a very hard day at the Aquarium ... 
just watched a Cooper's Hawk eat another smaller bird right outside my window ! How freakin ' awesome is that !!! 
HOLY CRAP !!!! That earthquake took forever !! Thought it would never stop : S 
Just saw a pair of Western Bluebirds right up close ( only a foot or two away ) on my mom's balcony ! 
Off to the Griffith Observatory for the afternoon with the fam ... hope we see some cool stuff ! 
Another awesome day at the Aquarium ! Got to handle Orion , an American Kestrel , for the FIRST time !!! : D 
The Runaways was AWESOME !!! Such a great movie ... go out and see it ! < PROPFEMALE > Fanning and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > were amazing ! : D 
There was a Pacific-slope Flycatcher in my side-yard ... pics to come soon !!! 
Fingers crossed ( for my mother's sake ) that flights to Europe resume tomorrow !!! 
Looks like my mom will get her European trip after all ! Plane is set to take-off soon !! 
Finished reading the last book in the Twilight saga last nite , so i am giving The Host a try ... hope it's good ( even though i know it can never beat Twilight !! ) 
Happy Earth Day everyone !!! Now i am gonna go plant some flower seeds before it starts to rain again !!!! Perfect way to celebrate the Earth : ) 
So far , at least one daffodil bulb has escaped the raccoons and made it to flower ! I hope the tomatoes survive as well !! : S 
Watching Black Phoebes courting each other ... there are at least 5 of them flying around , and i even saw a male bring a < PROPFIRST > ( or something ) to a female ! It's like a min-drama out there ! LOL ! 
They fixed out sprinkler system !!! Ya know , we've only lived here for an entire YEAR ! But now i dont have to hand-water the grass and flowers out front anymore : D 
Somehow i put too much batter in the cake pan for my mom's b-day ... i hope it still comes out ok !!!! : S 
Western Tanager ! Western Tanager ! Western Tanager ! Western Tanager ! Right outside the window !! Woo hoo ! So amazingly beautiful ! 
Had quite the exciting day at the Aquarium !! LOL ... i guess i wont be taking out the < PROPFEMALE > Boa again any time soon ! 
Just got a wonderful massage at Wellsprings , Seal Beach . Hope my neck starts feeling better soon : ) 
Just booked me a one-way ticket to Australia ... leaving June 11th !!!!!! 
Such a gloomy day ... no sun , rain sprinkling down ... hope it gets better by tomorrow ! 
Aquarium tomorrow , bright & early :D :D :D :D :D :D 
Had an AMAZING time at the event at the Aquarium ! The new otter exhibit is gorgeous ... as is the new animal care center ! Great job they did ! If u have the < PROPMALE > , you must visit : D 
Off to San < PROPFIRST > soon ! Drive up today , drive back tomorrow ... all for my little brother\ 
Isnt that nice ?!?! : S 
Home from SF ... I had a nice time , except for the 14 hours sitting on my butt in a car in two days and helping my bro move all his stuff ! 
Supporting my future home-team ... Go Maroons ( Queensland) !! 
BOOOOO !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > deserved to win so much more than < PROPFIRST > ... he was terrible last nite !! Grrrrr ....! 
Family BBQ all day ... lunch AND dinner !! Should be fun : ) 
Can't wait for dinner with my favorite [ previous ] roomie <3 
Stoked that i am leaving in 10 days : ) dont think i can stand living here much longer , especially with what happened last nite . Revenge will be sweet . 
Tried on wedding dresses today , just for fun ! : D 
34 hours until my plane takes off !! 
One giant suitcase packed ... one more to go !!! just over 12 hours left til i leave for Oz ! 
Leavin for Aiport now !! : S excited and nervous 
In Aussie-land !!! Worst part was the 3.5 hour delay , and not going to sleep til 5am .. but i got a good sleep and i'm feelin good ! Apartment < PROPFIRST > got it super cute ... i think we can really make it work after a couple more shopping trips ! Oh ... and Ikea Brisbane is EXACTLY the same as in Cali , really funny : ) 
Hundreds of lorikeets everywhere in the sky and trees : D 
Without power since noon yesterday ( it's now 3pm ... over 27 hours , no power ) ... and we lost all the food in the fridge :'( Hope tomorrow is a better day ! 
We have POWER !!!! Lights and all is back ON after 29.5 hours of darkness : D 
Just finished off 7/8th of a bottle of Passion Pop ... now off to enjoy Growing Up ! 
Happy 4th to all my American peeps : D 
Just took a big shopping trip to Wooly's . It's hard when you gotta < PROPFEMALE > your groceries all the way home and you bought a big bottle of juice AND liquid laundry detergent in the same trip !! Now to start making those burritos : ) 
Had my first driving lesson from < PROPFIRST > in Australia ( and in a < PROPMALE > car ! ) . Actually went better than i thought it would , even though < PROPFIRST > was the one actually changing gears , and i was the one trying to learn how to use the clutch , gas and break ! So confusing : S 
Just got my Queensland Drivers License !!!!! I can drive anywhere i want in any type of car .... just need to read up on all the road rules first ; ) 
Going into Brizzy today , all by myself !! Hope i find my way there and back again without any trouble . I HATE being lost more than anything !! 
Happy Day : ) 
First day at the Ipswich Nature Centre !! Besides the massive amount of cleaning and walking , I got to pet a Bilby , and got chewed/slobbered on my piglets and a calf : ) Love being back working with animals : D 
First , problems with Telstra .... now it's Optus !! When will phone/internet companies in Australia STOP screwing us over ?!?! 
Fun day out in Brizzy yesterday with < PROPFIRST > .... Nature Center tomorrow , in the RAIN ... hope it's not too bad walking there at 6:40 in the morning : S 
Whole body is sore after 2nd day at Nature Centre ... But it was so much fun to clean the Long-nosed Potoroo exhibit and have them come right up to me and run around like crazy : ) Also fun climbing all over the rock wallaby exhibit !! 
Good day yesterday at the zoo ... taking care of animals , cleaning , cleaning , cleaning ... and even some hard-work digging !! Muscles very sore , and i got some sort of insect/spider bite that itches : ( 
Just went to check the weather and it says it is 68 degrees in BOTH Ipswich AND Long Beach !! How strange and awesome ! 
Had awesome highs and super lows today at zoo . Got two bad green-ant bites that hurt like hell for a couple hours and are now huge red splotches on my leg ; But ! I got to meet the dingoes for the first time and they were great ! Got licked all over my face and hands and arms !!! Too awesome !! 
Proof Ipswich City Council is lazy : You are NOT allowed to work in the rain ! So i got up at 6am and walked for 20 mintues to work 3 hrs and then get a lift home . Lame . 
Attempting to make oven-dried tomatoes for pasta tonite , hopefully it works and doesnt take the full 8 hrs the recipe says that it coul take : S 
Good week at the Nature Center ... Legs are VERY sore from all the walking and squating . Got to hold a bilby and help give him his meds , and got to play with the dingoes again !! Also saw many baby ducklings around the park ... spring has arrived !! 
Brisbane RiverFire was amazing !! Great fireworks display and the dump and burn by the F111s was AWESOME !! 
24 hour stomach flu ... at least it's all over now , except for the muscle aches . Yesterday was a terrible , terrible day ! Dont ever remember having a fever , except maybe as a young kid !!! Chills and sweats and nausea allll day long : ( 
Had my first interview for a zoo keeping job in Australia at none other than Australia Zoo !! Such a long , long day .... 6 hrs of public transport for a 15 < PROPFEMALE > interview .... Glad i am home now !! 
Camping time !!! Weather finally let up to get outside ! Cunningham's Gap , here we come !!! 
Camping was fun , having to wash all your clothes twice after soaking them overnite , is not :-/ 
\Hello ! My name is Ashley .... I have just been hacked !!! \"" 
Happy October First Everyone !!! Is it just me , or did September just fly by ?!?! ... And I have been living in Australia for 3 1/2 months now ! WOW ... 
Hello my name is < PROPFIRST > and I like Metal and headbanging and rocking out 
Hi . My name is < PROPFIRST > . I like poetry and the opera , and long walks on the beach . Will somebody be my friend ... I'm really a nice girl . 
Crazy ass rain to going horizontal and hitting the window really hard ! So glad i walked home from the nature center an hour ago and not now !!! So lucky : ) 
Had a really good time helping to take the Dingoes to the vet for a bath . I love hanging out with those crazy pups , Min-min and Pindari !!! Too bad they didnt enjoy their bath as much as i did , LOL ! 
I like it on the kitchen counter 
Funny how two places half way around the world and it two different hemispheres have the same exact weather rite now ... 65 degrees with a < PROPMALE > of rain !! It came down hard in Ipswich for a few minutes here and there , but the temp is perfect !! 
Pics of Baby Bilby at Ipswich Nature Centre are up !! Too bad she wont be on exhibit until December ... she will be so big by then ! 
Howdy , Howdy , Howdy ! I'm < PROPFIRST > 
Pre Pre-halloween night pre-party at apartment b4 goin to Brizzy : P 
Halloween party time in Brizzy !!! Should be an adventure ! 
Had an awesome weekend making costumes and going into Brisbane TWICE ! < PROPFEMALE > Murphy's was really fun , and Queensland Rail sucks big time ... what's up with no trains after 1am on a Saturday nite and no trains after 11pm on a Sunday ?? 
15 days til < PROPFIRST > and I are on a plane headed for home ( the LBC ! ) Cant wait to see my fam and friends ... it's been 5 months !!! \ 
( P.s. for ppl who know my grandma , DONT TELL HER ! it's gonna be a surprise for her B-day ! ) 
Happy Birthday Lil Bro , aka Austen Lane-Roberts : D 
ONE WEEK until i will be in the air on my way to Long Beach <3 Cant wait !!! 
Last day at Nature Centre for two weeks : ) It was so hot out , but work wasnt too hard , which was great ! Baby bilby is growing up < PROPFEMALE > fast !! 
Blue-faced Honey-eater landed on my window sill and ate some of the spiders/insects off of it : ) 
Walked 3 km ( almost 2 < PROPMALE > ) to drop off rent money , whent to post office , and spent 2 hrs at the mall .... all before 1pm !! So THAT'S why people get up before 10am : D Laundry and packing time now :-/ 
Up at 4am to start transition to Cali time ... early mornings do NOT agree with me \ 
: S Train to airport at 7:30 .... plane leaves at noon !! : ) 
Home <3 Nice to be back in LB ! Now to get my jet lag sorted out 
Happy 90th B-day to my Grandma , and a happy Tofurky Day : ) ... cant wait for the feast to begin !!! 
Hello my name is < PROPFIRST > and I have just been hacked today , and thanksgiving of all days as well ! 
Black-friday shopping at 6am was a success .... round 2 starts soon !! 
Cant believe we are flying back to Oz tomorrow ... this trip went way too fast ! 
Almost ready to head to airport : ( hope i sleep well on the plane !! 
Back in Australia . 7 hrs sleep on plane ... longest sleep yet ( thank you ambien ! ) Then 11 hrs sleep last nite : ) And how is it that the winter cali weather was more appealing than Aussie summer weather ... it's so muggy and rainy here : / 
8 Baby Blue-tongue Lizards born this morning ... and i was the one to find them !! Also 2 baby Curlews and 3 baby Magpie Geese ! Good first day back at the nature park : ) 
New calf at the Nature Centre !!! She is 5 days old and I got to spend lots of time hand bottle-feeding her today ! She is just so < PROPFEMALE > and adorable ! 
TWO days until my Birthday : D Yey ! 
Best present so far from < PROPFIRST > Biggs : ALLL the Glee soundracks : D 
Off to the Sunshine Coast tomorrow ! Thanks for all the b-day wishes so far : D 
Had a great time celebrating < PROPFIRST>'s nephew's birthday yesterday . It was like being a kid again , dressed as a pirate ... Arrrrr ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! Celebrating my first hot Aussie Christmas , should be a treat : ) 
NYE in Brisbane .... finally a clear < PROPFEMALE > day to celebrate after allll the rain . : ) 
Here's a first : Ordered pizzas on Dominos.com.au and a few minutes later the guy calls up to ask if we odered correctly since our pizza sounded \unusual\ " Hmmmm " 
9am and so dark outside need lights on in apartment ... looks like its just before sunrise out there !!! No flooding yet in Ippy .... but so flooded we can even get to < PROPFIRST>'s parents ' place ! 
Riverlink river-walk .... what river walk ? Whole boardwalk , benches and even overhead lights ALL under water .... it's close to flooding the lower car park ! 
River is rising quick !! NOOOO !! Dont want to evacuate , still in denial it will get all the way up to our building , but < PROPFIRST > insists on leaving soon : S 
So ... bremer river was supposed to rise by 18 meters , but every hour they raise that number by another meter ... now they think it could go up to 24 meters !!!! 
By this time next week , i will have the biggest & hardest calves and legs !!!! Elevator wont be working again til then , and we live on the 6th floor ! Up and down 3-5 times a day for 7 days = sexy legs ; ) 
Got my exercise on today .... half hour walk to zoo , worked really hard in the extreme heat ( only me and 1 full-time staff on ! ) , half hr walk home then 6 flights of stairs .... 10 hrs in total ! Then i go and pull a muscle in my neck from sneezing : / 
The whole outside of Riverlink ( shopping mall ) stinks of rotting fish ... reminds me of cleaning poo out of the sea lion pens at the < PROPFEMALE > mammal care center . Yuck !!! 
Queensland Flood Phots posted if you wanna check ' em out 
So glad it wasnt nearly as hot today as when i worked last week !! 
Have never been so hot and sweaty in my entire life than today !!! Had sweat just dripping down my face into my eyes , etc , and my face was permanently tomato red ALL day ( even after my cool shower ! ) . 
weather.com says it is currently 90 degrees F in ipswich , but feels like 99 degrees F . Just hope it cools down by tomorrow when i gotta work outside : / 
Enjoyed staying home due to the rain and watching the superbowl ( and the packers win ) with < PROPFIRST > , cuddled up in bed . Nice relaxing day : ) 
Good day at work today . Nice weather and i got the hold < PROPFIRST > the Bilby ! Naming ceremony of the baby bilby at Nature Centre tomorrow for anyone that wants to come . < PROPFIRST > and I will be there : ) Oh , and you might get to < PROPFIRST > a bilby and meet < PROPFEMALE > Watson and < PROPFEMALE > Fraser !!! 
I'm unable to type right now as I am on the phone . \ 
Please leave a message and I will reply as soon as possible .... or you know ... what ever ! 
No internet the last 3 days ... so glad to be back online !!!!! 
So sad i cant watch all of the Oscars ... found out the winner , and gonna watch at least the opener tonite on TV . Why does it have to start 9:40 pm Aus time ?? 
Happy Autumn to all my Aussie peeps : ) 
Was the only one who knew how/what to feed the 3 baby swallows brought into the Nature Centre yesterday .... felt so proud to have worked at Project Wildlife ! Miss you guys ! 
I cut hair for the first time today ! < PROPFIRST > Biggs ' mohawk looks awesome : ) I even surprised myself ! 
Happy 4 yr Anniversary to my wonderful fiance < PROPFIRST > Biggs . I cannot wait to marry you in July : ) 
I have been living in Australia for 9 months now ! Time flies ! 
Saw < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in Ipswich !!!! Will post photos soon ... 
Was very lucky yesterday ! Got a ride to AND from the Nature Centre AND a call back for an interview for the traineeship position i applied for back in November ! 
Interview Done . Hope i didnt sound over-confident ... guess i will find out in a week or two ! 
