work work work all day long work work work while i sing this song 

got 3 extra tickets for the PHILLIES/rays game tomorrow 2 together and one extra sitting with us ... anyone down ?? 
STILL HAVE 2 TICKETS NEXT SIDE BY SIDE FOR TONIGHTS PHILLIES RAYS GAME .... free(but i wouldnt be mad at ya if you bought me a beer !! ) 
last night was an awesome time other than the ass woopin the phils got , now down to the keys to go catch some lobster ! 
Dear liver , I sincerely apologize for the past weekend and I plan on making it up to you this week . As for you mr bank account I'm sorry there is no recovering from your tragic demise ! 
free internet on the airplane still dosnt make up for the 9+ hours in atlanta ... nice try air < PROPFEMALE > 
Salty Dog now do it do it 
taking the boat out at 2 either < PROPFEMALE > or sarasota ( trying to get one in sarasota ) still got a few seats anyone down ?? 
probably one of the top ten days ever so far in 26 years and its only 10 pm heading to the key to continue the greatness 
its always a good sign that last night kicked your ass when you you dont get the beach club stamp off your wrist till 6pm the next day and all you have in your wallet or pockets is receipts 
so apparently i left the house last night with ( 1 ) mullet ( 1 ) bandanna ( 1 ) pair of sunglasses ( 1 ) ziplock bag filled with crumpled up 1$ bills ( 1 ) credit card and a whole bunch of awesome .... came home empty handed guess it was a good night .... cruse you bubble gum vodka curse you , pics will be up later ! for now beach 
thrilled i have no professional obligations until 3pm tomorrow 
boat tomorrow and thursday anyone wanna go ?? 
so had a nice little wednesday night shortpedos , and samurai swords kinnda scared to see what the weekend brings 
due to lastnights activities our boating adventure for this morning has been delayed to about 1030 oh and we still have a few seats left 
its times like this that im happy i dont have the cable turneds on in the new house yet because other than every single person i know from jersey posting stuff about vick on facebook i dont have to see or here about it . by the way kai-lo is not very happy about this 
hell while were at it the eagles should just go ahead and put an offer in on plaxico im sure we can get him cheap too we already are gonna have to listen to the idiotic media b.s. till about December with this one 
eventually you will all realize it was just a great football move even if he is a douche as a person how do you gameplan against the eagles now ?? ( well week 6 ) 
i would like to take this opportunity to thank a very special man , one mr < PROPFIRST > Adams for obviously being in a constant state of inebriation so awful that he continually floods the market with his delicious nectar 2 months early every season thus allowing me to enjoy an Oktoberfest on this beautiful 97degree august night ... thank you < PROPFIRST > thank you 
the goods , was the greats 
anyone down for a little afternoon boat trip ?? be back by 5 
some pics from the weekend are up more to follow tag ya later 
E-A-G-L-E-S jags game tonight Vicks debut watching at the house tonight everyones invited , wings & beers i know its only the beginning but thank god football season is here 
EAGLES game is not on till 11 here in sarasota but i got a live feed so kickoff stands at 7 come on over 
Just had someone drop out of a 12 team standard scoring fantasy league , drafts online tonight at 7 on cbssportsline.com 150$ team 1st usually takes about 1000$ second about 500$ fun league lots of trash talking let me know if your interested 
ok so draft starts in 40 mins still need one more anyone ??? 150 entry 1000 for 1st 
so 1 championship team drafted 1 to go .. off to hypoluxo florida tomorrow ( yea i never herd of it either ) then miami be back friday some time 
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL !!!! 
madden curse in full effect 
boat leaving in 30mins anyone down got a few spots left 
FLY EAGLES FLY ON THE ROAD TO VICTORY !!!! 
ok so i think i know enough people who are either P . A . ' s , DR'S or Emt's anyone want to remove my stitches today i think their ready to come out 
Daaa Birds , Da Birds , Da Birds , Da Birds , Da Birds .... E-A-G-L-E-S !!! 
now offically south of the boarder , and fighting for his right to party 
Coolest exit on I-75 is by far exit 285 in florida the flying j I could have blown 200$ there in 5 mins but H wouldn't let me !! 
TALLAHASSEE in t minus 15 hours , whoever is going let me know ! 
BUBBLE GUM for breakfast ?? seems like the only logical way to start off the day 
Anyone down for the boat today ??? 
seriously why does this always happen to philadelphia sports we can never just flat out win a game needs to always be so damn dramatic 
cheesesteaks and baseball thats what philly does !! 
once again VICTORLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
7 to go 
just booked flight and hotel for the EAGLES skins Monday Night Football game on the 26th ... now we just need tickets ! anyone wanna go ?? 
awesome morning we can finally turn down the AC and you dont sweat after drinking a cup of WAWA coffee thank you cold front ( even if it is still 73 ) 
56 out hell yea !!! about time real football weather !!! GO BIRDS ! 
wow that really just happened , maybe tickets to the MNF game will be cheaper after todays preformance from the eagles and redskins .... Come on now PHILLIES give me somethign to be happy about 
awesome the phillies have now offically out scored the eagles today 
F-L-O-R-I-D-A- S-T-A-T-E !!! 
about dagum time noles 
ok pulled out all the stops had a cheese steak for dinner kailo has his good luck < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > phillies helmet on just drank a yuengling and now a taste cake with all that its in the bag 
Eagles Giants and chilie cookoff sounds like a nice little sunday , oh wait and the phils gettin even tonight 
excited for the first full week of football season , while it was great sharing the week with the world series runner up philadelphia phillies now the Eagles can put all their focus toward annihilating the cowgirls and every other team from here on out , GO BIRDS !! 
happy thanksgiving everyone , today i am absoultly thankfull for Advil 
alright < PROPFIRST > come on now you got one more win in ya ! 
ok need to make about 2500$ this week any suggestions ?? 
so much for putting up christmas lights , think ill wait till the 40MPH winds die down 
damn this is snuggie weather ! 
worrying is like a rocking chair , it gives you something to do but it dosnt get you anywhere 
ribs burgers pulled pork beer football anyone hungry come on over 
yup that time of year again ... LET THE BEST CHRISTMAS JOKES BEGIN .... whats the difference between snow men and snow women ???.................... snow balls ! 
well being Christmas and all i guess i have to keep tradition alive and watch my favorite Christmas movie of all time DIE HARD ! 
wow sorry gator fans no tebow and no urban meyer next year .... the reign is over !!! 
tasty cakes and cheese steakes must be E-A-G-L-E-S sunday 
while 2009 may not have been the best year for everyone i have a feeling tonight /tomorrow is going to make up for it big time ... downtown Jacksonville tonight then < PROPFIRST>'s last game at FSU the gator bowl tomorrow i foresee a whole bunch of AWESOME 
seriously florida whats up with this 30 degree garbage ??? how am i supposed to make fun of everyone up north when WE have a < PROPMALE > of snow this week ?!?! 
seriously my Siberian husky is cold , ridiculous 
35 * out seems like a good time to take the dog for a walk 
oh so EAGLES GAME TONIGHT we have kegs and burgers couple slabs of ribs tasty cakes and wawa coffee and eagles fans give me a shout and come on over , any cowboys fans i dare ya to stop by ! 
is it spring training yet ? 
is offically a Vikings fan for the week 
damn its only going up to 75 today , was really hopeing for 80 .... oh well maybe tomorrow ! 
philly bound tomorrow , so much for < PROPFEMALE > skys and warm weather have a feeling ill be alright though 
had and absolutely awesome time this weekend thanks again < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and everyone else that made it possible .... but it does feel great to be home in shorts flip flops and 75 degree weather 
OK time to maximize this beautiful January day , taking out the boat in about an hour anyone have off and want to go let me know 
ok so since no one is making plans for Superbowl i guess we can do the whole grill out , corn hole , beer , football , party thing at my house one more time this season ... if anyones down let me know or im open to other suggestions .... till then boat tomorrow again since its supposed to be 77 and < PROPFEMALE > , if your off tomorrow let me know 
anyone want to go to the expendables concert tomorrow in tampa 16$ come on now you probably got 16$ in your car seats in change alone !! 
superbowl party , ribs wings brgers and beer all the staples for a great time watching a game i could care less who wins as long as i win my pools ! come on by if you dont have any plans 
phillies ... less than a month ! 
Phillies vrs Florida State University Event Date : Wednesday , March 3 , 2010 at 7:05 pm Facility : Bright House Field anyone want to go its only 14$ a tix let me know 
day 1 
phillies vrs fsu tomorrow night anyone ??? 
alerady a hell of a weekend , Phils game yesterday where we got front row tix for 15$ then free beer at hooters now Phils Rays came in clearwater ( its going to be about 72 and < PROPFEMALE > by the way ) and boat all day tomorrow ... oh and just won 200 on the powerball , life is good !! 
boat tomorrow about 10/11 anyone want to go let me know 
phils last night game tomorrow were getting tix now anyone want to go ??? 
anyone want to go to the phillies last spring training game ?? thursday april 1st 1pm clearwater ... let me know 
ok so seriously anyone want to go to the phils last game today ill buy your tix and first 2 beers , come one now someone has to be off today floridas unemployment rate is like 50% !! 
perfect weekend Boats BBQ Beers fun good friends and sun couldnt ask for much more 
taking the bout in about 20 mins anyone thats not working today hit me up , we'll scoop you up at one of the bridges 
Pepper , Slightly Stoopid , and Supervillians tonight should be awesome as usuall might have 2 extra tix if anyone wants to go let me know ... 
boat anyone ??? 
so after spending 8 hours craming 10lbs of shit into a 2lbs bag the trucks finally loaded , philly bound ... should be home thursday night till tuesday morning anyone that has anything good going on give me a call ! 
Jersey t minus 6 hours 
Phils game in 30 
Phils game last night more than made up for Fridays ... Ahh first place again 
See ya Philly short but sweet stay definetly ready to cone back to Sarasota 
Ok so I offically need a new career this moving shit in 300 degree weather No es beuno !!! 
crazy friday night instore ... im going to sleep at 9:20 pm awesome !! 
Anyone want to go golfing tomorrow morning ?? 915 tee time 
WATCH OUT ... Cops all over intersection of < PROPFEMALE > ridge and beneva 
Wants to cuddle , and wants smooches . Who's in ? 
party at the house tonight for ashleys bday grilling and chilling come on over 
BOAT TODAY AROUND 10 ANYONE OFF THAT WANTS TO COME WITH ? 
looking for 3 or 4 more people to get SCUBA certified starting sometime in june anyone interested let me know 
Siesta on the float come out 
Wow it's only 4 pm but it looks like midnight at siesta right now 
thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes , made my day ... now if only the wind would have died down we could have made it out on the gulf today ... 
OK EVERYONE !! I need a big turn out tonight 8-12 i'm going to be bartending at NORTH BRIDGE TAVERN 2119 Siesta Dr. Sarasota , FL , 34239 come on in and grab your self a ice cold yuengling for 2.50 $ all night long !! 
NORTH BRIDGE TAVERN ... do it ... Do it !! 
philly/jersey bound in the am ... should be a good week < PROPMALE>' bday , pepper concert then < PROPMALE > and kristins wedding may need another vacation to recover 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is sick ! 
had fun in jersey ( thanks mr and mrs nardello ) but damn its nice to be back in florida ! 
wow forgot how great my bed was ... finally a good night sleep instore 
About to head to bass pro in ft myeres anyone want to come with ?? 
D Brown moving on up !! 
finally booked my tix for jennas graduation in Chicago maybe i shouldn't have been such a slacker and got it more than 33hrs before i leave and it wouldn't have been 410$ ! ! thats a hell of a lot of peanuts im gonna have to eat to break even 
FLY EAGLES FLY !!! 
< PROPMALE > just got knocked the F out ! 
wow homework is so much easier 10 years after you graduate high school ... 
still need 3 more people for a 12 team fantasy football league 200$ entry standard league 3 top spots get paid around 1400$ draft will be sunday either at your own computer or at North Bridge Tavern if your in sarasota let me know if interested 
hey rain you wanna stop being a < PROPMALE > and leave us alone again tomorrow ?? that would be cool , thanks 
F*CK THE BRAVES ! 
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALLLLLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
finally won the lottery !!!! 
wow surprising i feel great today considering i totaled a car last night .. just hope the eagles hit green bay as hard as that guy hit me ... go birds 
BIRDS GAME IN JACKSONVILLE T-6 DAYS CANT WAIT !! anyone gonna be there ?? 
WOW I WOULD SAY I FEEL LIKE COMPLETE HELL BUT THE DEVIL HIM SELF WOULD BE 1000X'S BETTER THAN THIS ! 
Strep Throat = AWESOME !! 
todays is a good day ! got all my homework done for the week , bought a new car , pepper concert at janus landing tonight and jenns coming to visit is a week !! yup all around good day 
Ahh sunday such a great day this time of year ... Today < PROPMALE > and I were recruited by North Bridge Tavern because we do have are a very particular set of skills ; skills we have acquired\ 
over a very long career . Skills that make us a nightmare for people\ 
like you . so sorry bar wars competition you guys are going down ... Gotta love < PROPFEMALE > events ... oh and \ 
GO E-A-G-L-E-S ! 
i think fall is my favorite time of year . well i guess we have a fall in sarasota i mean it is lke 68 out right now ... at least for the next 2 hours 
RED OCTOBER BEGINS TONIGHT !! GO PHILS !! 
one more day ! 
F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E FLORIDA STATE FLORIDA STATE WHOOOO !! 
thank you FSU for a nice little saturday night NOW lets complete the trifecta GO PHILS , GO BIRDS !! 
Anyone going to tally or want to for the game tomorrow ??? 
Another awesome weekend for sports .. Eagles win , Phils win ( 1 of 2 ) FSU wins , and to top it off the Cowboys and Gators lost cant ask for much more ... thank you football and baseball gods ! 
BALKKK !! 
Nice sac foul ball doc ! go phils !! 
I hate you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , you are my new least favorite person .... 
Pensacola bound , thank you phillies for making my 8 hr drive a little more enjoyable 
Anyone in tallahassee hungry ?? Gonna be going through in about an hr could really use some bagel bagel or poboyes !! 
? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ ? ¿ !! 
SERIOUSLY FSU ????? WTF !!!! 
JUST IN ... Tornado watch in < PROPFIRST > . Everyone head to the Cowboys stadium , no < PROPMALE > of a touchdown there !! 
there's something about changing your own oil that just makes you feel good .... that is until get all cleaned up grab the mail and realize you just got a coupon for 5$ less than you paid to do it yourself .... awesome ! 
time for some sleep 550 < PROPMALE > of driving ahead of me at 5am fun fun fun ... 
GOOOOOOOOOO BIRRRDDDDDSSSSS !!!! 
HAHAHA THE LARGEST LEAD AN AWAY TEAM HAS HAD AFTER THE 1ST QUARTER IN THE HISTORY OF THE NFL ... AWESOME !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Vick named NFC Offensive Player of the Week for second straight week . He's the first player to do that since < PROPMALE > Cunningham in 1998 . 
And it begins ... 
< PROPFIRST > is two times older than < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > is three times younger than < PROPMALE > . How old is < PROPMALE > if he is 3 years older than < PROPFIRST > ? oh yea and GO EAGLES !! 
ok trying to get the northern tradition of playing some back yard football on the morning of turkey day going down here in sarasota , being that our back yard includes siesta key beach whos in for a morning game on the beach to kick off the day ?? 
F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E ...... Florida State , Florida State , Florida State WHHHOOOooooooooo !!! 
what a difference a day makes .... 
Could really use an Eagles victory to turn today around ... GO BIRDS ! 
kinnda glad i stayed home and didnt watch that game tonight .... 
279 < PROPMALE > 10% down 2420 to go !!! San deigo here we come 
2 days 1200 < PROPMALE > and 5 states down ... Now just 1600 < PROPMALE > and 4 states to go ! 
< PROPFEMALE > LA MEXICO !!!! new Mexico that is ... 
already wanting to go back to San < PROPMALE > ... 
PHILLIES OFFICIALLY HAVE THE SICKEST ROTATION IN MLB HISTORY , GET BROAD ST READY !!! 
THE PHILLIES WOULD LIKE TO WISH EVERYONE A < PROPFEMALE > CLIFFMAS AND A HAPPY HALLADAY !! 
GREATEST F'ing eagles game ever !!!!! 
Only 691 < PROPMALE > from jersey ... I'm already getting cold ! 
1083.23 < PROPMALE > no traffic ... 15.2 left freaking gridlock awesome ... 
anyone want to take my brother back to Florida I would really like to stay in jersey till Wednesday morning , im offering 50$ as of right now 
tis the season think im gonna have a nice little night of christmas movies ... Die hard 1 , then Lethal Weapon 1 , then maybe a little Die Hard 2 we'll see , i dont know if ill have enough time , yippee ki yay !! 
ok so ive never been much of a runner per say , and for good reason im 6'4\ 260lbs and to quote my brother god gives ya one or the other fight or flight and well like i said i cant run ! that being said I just finished 3.5 < PROPMALE > and i feel great so either im going to turn in to one hell of a nice guy or watch out world !! " 
