my lesson of the day : trying to run errands and stay on main campus on a summer afternoon : HORRIBLE 

apartment hunting rounds FAIL , budgeting FAIL ... Philadelphia WIN(maybe ??? ) 
is back from philly , thinking the trip was more ridiculously inconvenient than any trip should be , but wants to do this again next year ... 
is heading to the World Trade Center interview he will invariably mess up ... but Toronto tomorrow ! 
has been officially convinced by the Toronto transit system that St. < PROPFIRST>'s Metro needs to stop getting funding . no imaginable amount of money will piece together this pathetic excuse for mass transit at this rate . 
fuck at&t and their fucked up fake offers , incompetents who fuck up simple addresses , the standard customer service run-around that is about to keep me from getting internet service . what does everybody in st. < PROPFIRST > use anyway ? 
xbox controller dead battery has broken the soul calibur 4 addiction yay ! couldn't come at a better time between classes and my first day of internship tomorrow 
is paying the price for his great weekend with his first planned all-nighter of the year ... intended for a project that isn't even due until next week ... yeah ... sigh 
tonight = best trio of parties ever . good times . homework = not so good ( sigh ) . i'm amazed that i have more energy at 4:00 am than i ever had at any point the last three days ! 
hello all nighter again !. i really need this to be the last time , but i REALLY hope i can get this project done , and reasonably well ! PLZ PLZ . the light at the end of the tunnel is drawing closer 
goddamn you sunday evening emperor's palace buffet(which was amazing :) . you have delayed my accounting work for several more hours , not that i wouldn't have found some other way to not do that work . 
has just gotten the Dr. < PROPFEMALE > Mu Chinese experience followed by another stupid physics lab :/ . now he is extremely tired and really would have wanted to stay in tonight 
is wondering if either his accounting test wednesday or his chem lab tomorrow is difficult enough to make tonight ... impossible 
i think its time to finally shift gears from WILD night to chem exam :( . this weekend was what it was ; you learn something new everyday 
is pretty much convinced now he can't do chem . just took a second W to be rid of chemlab , and now is getting violated in the worst way by GenChem exams . 
chem really was not a good idea . I go through a chem exam and now i'm sick for the first time in six years . Sometimes there are just some things you just aren't meant to do . gonna be the first asian without the capacity to force himself to be pre-med 
there's something seriously messed up when a 19/100 is considered a solid grade , when sometimes the best way to get a good grade in gen chem seems to be to write your name and turn in a blank exam . such bullshit . but i'm excited for an awesome weekend with no stress 
vodka ice 
The Lives of Others 
is now addicted to audiosurf too , cuz farmville and soul calibur weren't enough to put off daily work :) 
shakes his head and sighs at his life . i'm honestly out of answers , don't know what's happening 
fuck the ' rents . its finally gotten to the point where i can't put up with them anymore though i know they're well-intentioned . to think i ever wondered why i sometimes struggle socially/can never seem to get over it when i do 
AKPSI at mizzou got me out of severe mental crap by putting me into a different sort of mental crap :) now if only i were allowed back into < PROPFEMALE > vu ... that and getting through this week in one piece 
SCREW PEOPLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CAN\T STAND THIS SHIT " 
TO HELL WITH THIS FUCKED UP LIFE 
you can all go fuck yourselves . don't care ? then just continue not caring . fuck it , i say . a year and a half more and then i'm out . fuck you ! 
trivia night , 5:30 ! food , random , facts , and prizes . and helping the homeless for habitat for humanity ) 
and now i'm , tpoo drunlk to do < PROPFEMALE > 
dreMS UNWIND ,. LO BES a state of mind 
proly should get to work for once this weekend , and knows he doesn't have the energy drinks to pull all-nighters later on to compensate , yet he still feels no urgency ... 
is glad he's not ( that ) trashed . i hope i can be a competent habitat for humanity builder tomorrow sans sleep . bah who needs it anyway 
WHERE are lady gaga tickets when i want them ?! 
doesn't know . then again , i never do . I'm ______(insert high military rank ) Oblivious 
broke his computer because he thought it was a good idea to send thousands of files flooding to Desktop , then minutes later broke his Soul Calibur game because he thought it was a good idea to turn the console on its side with the disk still in it . EPIC FAIL 
fuck gen chem and fuck life . i can't believe i so epically failed at this chem exam , and this semester to boot on too many levels . 
is going to wear a coat next time he goes out there ... yes i know , i'm retarded 
just went WTF and then ROFL when < PROPFIRST > swift's \Love Story\ " was followed on the iTunes playlist by < PROPMALE > Nugent Cat Scratch Fever " 
just got his very first statement of cash flows --- EVER , fully balanced , so of course I had to go and fuck up a great exam by deciding not to even look at two whole sections in studying . sigh ... accounting 
computers are ... asian ... oh god could this explain everything ? why am i having trouble finding a ways and means and locale to get some goddamn music 
so its not a love story , but a thug story . wow , that must have been one of the most fucked up tracks around these days 
has ( almost ) no regrets about everything that happened or may be resultant academic and otherwise this semester and hopes things will work out 
all we hear is radio ga ga ! 
had a LOT more fun than anticipated today . Halo ODST and Bioshock until dropping , with a Gaga and < PROPFIRST > Swift playlist x3 . followed by an epic Lord of the Rings finale . now his eyes are blurry . Rah rah ! (gaga ooh < PROPFEMALE >?) 
really ought to stop venting on facebook . i'm gonna end up regretting it , like i end up regretting most things . i could vent again , but we'll wait on that a bit 
oh hello , $300 gas < PROPMALE > , good to see ya ! maybe its time to reconsider some things ( A LOT of things :/ 
unfortunately , my house just got tornado damage , fortunately , it was ... mostly cosmetic . 
ipod just went through the wash . Blech , I fail so badly . 
realized he , the slowest chess player on the planet , is actually capable of firing up , running through his first ever speed chess tournament 4-2 overall :) . the surefire epic fail turned epic win 
washu will most likely not let me take a second campus job . i can't travel to work and i need to not fail school . my schedule isn't synchronizing well . geez , if only i didn't have to worry about money constantly ... 
day 1 of relearning the piano after five years : :) next : hopefully learn the guitar , while finding a place on campus to play the piano . will also have to study harder this semester . 
repo was some weird shit ! why the fuck did i just register an itunes account to buy that soundtrack lol ? 
i think its time to finally stop listening to Bad Romance when I run into a tree branch on the way home , lose my glasses and find them digging in the mud five minutes later , crooked 
this will happen ! i don't accept no today . 
has spontaneously lost interest in the magic the gathering that was supposed to keep me from doing homework today . now what do I do ? 
< PROPFIRST > swift performs with < PROPFIRST > nicks ( though poorly ) , won the album award deservedly , plus gaga was epic as usual . Still , grammys are kinda a waste of time and mostly bad 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
gagaholic and \taylor swiffer\ " : terms in urbandictionary that should NOT be describing my life right now ... um ... " 
damn it , I need < PROPFIRST > Swift and her music out of my head RIGHT THIS MINUTE 
Perfect on Ninja mono for once ... and introduction to the chipwich from heaven that should never be mixed with fries and ketchup ... 
feeling quite crappy . officially failed to make it through a work shift . now to try to make it home 
shit . lost ipod . :( 
doesn't know if he should be taking this low dose zyprexa thing or not ... 
would so desperately like to communicate better . it seems like i'm such a social wretch i can't get anybody to even dignify my existence with a response . EVER . I expect no different here , I just would you to know there's a lot in my head right now , and I know what's going on . I just can't quite overcome . Maybe these psychotic pills will make it better , but I don't know ... 
owww ... my head ... why ? 
is being productive ? what the fuck ? 
would like very much to stop having anxiety attacks . its bugging me and i think its the culprit behind my inability to do work . 
won quiz bowl contest as a team --- its so much nicer when the questions are actually answerable . Almost makes me think back to high school quiz bowl 
instead of doing homework , apparently won an argument with a stranger(on a < PROPFIRST > swift-related facebook < PROPFEMALE > ) about whether girls think differently than guys . Gee , flat out wrong anyone ? 
i wonder if i shall be required to fill my 5 < PROPFEMALE > globalization essay with actual content today ... 
Modern < PROPFEMALE > has gotta be the most retarded class with the most ridiculously stupid instructor , even for this school ! FUCK 
thinks he is suddenly gaining a taste for masculine music . i don't remember < PROPFEMALE > halo sounding so good ... 
roommate's 21'st over , now chilling alone for 18 hours before my north < PROPFEMALE > road trip ! 
about 8 hours to go . I slept 3 hours last night . Don't care . Will find something all by my lonesome in my apartment until 4am ! No sleep ... 
is a grimy mess in some edge of barely suburban North < PROPFEMALE > . Should work out more when i get back to campus 
CRAZY last night to top off an awesome week of house-building , but not 20 hours later , back in apartment in STL 
mid-america open ( chess ) tomorrow , or chicago in may . both ? choices . do need something to do though 
damn this shithole school and shithole city . I am really serious now . Somebody get me out of this city before I fucking go nuts 
i guess i'm doing this then ... how financially irresponsible of me 
surprisingly won money : a three-way tie for second 
finding myself some additional music . though , i still need to do something about the fact that 3/4 my ipod memory is < PROPFEMALE > and The Beatles 
wondering when things will stop going shitty against me . sick of just plain bad luck 
ANYBODY need a place to stay this summer ? Desperately need to sublet ... 
shuffling ipod and it went < PROPFEMALE > Rimes ( I Need You)-Muse ( Invincible)-Taylor Swift ( Love Story)-Ozzy Osbourne(Crazy Train ) in sequence . bipolar ftw ! 
a little dose of Gaga now and then never fails to wake me up :) . now to study for accounting just a bit more 
scottrade center gave me 2 minutes to fiill out the form with a bunch of blanks and no information on what they want you to fill out to get those tickets . i run out of time and prices skyrocket . WTF 
rather ironic that this birthday weekend has been among the shittiest i've ever had . geez , I wonder why ? I thank all those who cared and I've learned a few lessons about the others . The effects shall not linger ! 
did not receive the best news today . My official ( odd ) form of therapy for the night --- before I begin HW : Love Story on ipod repeat+4 shots :) 
must work on three research papers , all due the latest Thursday after losing the last two weeks to two exams , a paper and my shitty birthday . gaaaahh ! what the hell is with my schedule ? 
the Bad Romance and Love Story pandora stations are both failing me today . So I have a new one now . Muse Station FTW ! 
Pandora thinks Lady Gaga is similar in musical style to < PROPFIRST > Sinatra . Ok , then ... lol 
after my recent adventures on omegle , i think getting troll-egle is a very bad idea for me but its so tempting ... 
damn three essays . i guess one down . two to go . i have 11 hours ... 
needs something to do tonight . anyone or anything ? 
playing an intense 3-D strobe light seizure-inducing music-based shooter over < PROPFIRST > swift music ( just because i thought it would be funny ) . i'm lol-ing so hard right now even though i'm getting shot :D 
just trying to be as nice a person as i can , and get nothing but to be USED , STRUNG ALONG , FUCKED WITH . do i really need to deal with this SHIT 
should be a better judge of people and friends . there are people who just won't get it and its about time i stop going out of my way for those people 
geez , i do not know what the fuck is going on , but it can't be good ... i should really take next semester off , i can't stand this place anymore 
just reached epic levels of accounting boredom , worse than problems : reading the 15 < PROPFEMALE > AICPA Fin 48 standards on income taxes ... at 1am 
freezing up ... about to get destroyed by accounting ... i'm also not keen on the two finals on wednesday that i still have to catch up on shittons of reading for 
just my luck . computer just crashed in the middle of studying for two finals tomorrow . fml 
going to have to resolutely accept the kind of grade-dismantling that will occur later today with no regrets . for the past four weeks , why me ? and why such unhappy coincidences of events ??? maybe my luck will turn around after i take a semester off because an 18 credit non-science semester should not look like this 
ok , so my mind must have been just right like its never been before , or there must be a mistake because between panicking and computer crashing in the middle of cramming , I somehow managed a 98 and a 100 on two wednesday finals I was convinced I was mostly clueless on . WIN 
why does it seem like the fucking immigration xenophobes are always the most outspoken . interesting first couple of days at the congressman's office 
can finally send and receive text messages . may the miscues of the past month finally end ! 
NOOOOO . why am i HERE , depressing myself to no end with a bunch of weirdass socially awkward chinese folks and put myself in trouble with the museum to do it , when i knew this would happen ... 
operated a jetski for the first time today . oh < PROPMALE > rocks ... 
epica is epic 
did we get this far just to feel your hate ? lol 
watching the Gaga interview on CNN alternating with a loop of awesome Nightwish metal on commercials :) 
so apparently , somehow , today , paramore music is actually beginning to sound kinda good to me ??? MEH :S 
has two cats now . whoa ... 
Blondie is officially responsible for both some of my favorite songs and my ultimate guilty pleasure . I have that really stupid song \I'm Gonna Love You Too\ " stuck in my head AT WORK . wtf ?? " 
caved . got TF2 right after seeing the half price offer ... 
discovered sheer awesome chain of rip-offs . < PROPFEMALE > ( fleetwood < PROPMALE > ) to call me ( blondie ) to uprising ( muse ) . epic . can't expect all music to sound different anyway :) 
is wondering why he isn't better at excel . now to redo all that data :( 
you know what i've realized . college has given me nothing but shit . why do i go here again ? 
been thinking a lot ... realized , I try to value beyond everything including myself , the people I know , also that this feeling is often NOT mutual . Grateful to all those who have tried to help . But if I'm not worth the time and effort , if you don't need my acquaintance . 1% as much as I need yours , that's fine too . I am coming to terms with it because I am leaving this school anyway and must fail before success comes 
the song mashup I'm making is actually working !!! ( sort of ) . At least I did figure a way around my general lack of computer skills here :) 
what the hell is wrong with me ???? what on earth could have been wrong my whole life ? yikes , need to get my mind off this stuff ... 
that ridiculous tennis match finally ended lol , fifth set 70-68 . i am really amazed how these people can fire off aces to save match points after having played 10 hours already ! 
please press 1 to speak to ... press 3 ... for better efficiency , enter extension ... press 3 ... for such and such service ... please call ### . repeat the above . enough times i actually welcomed the 10 minutes of music . corporate organization ... JEEZ . 
WHY must I be forcefed < PROPFIRST > Bieber music at work ??? I can't even try to remove \Baby\ " from my head for another 45 minutes :( " 
needs some musical suggestions . he'll also take suggestions for mashups after the first one worked rather well 
once and for all and all for once nemo my name forever more :) 
more parental issues ... there is simply no describing the kind of depression and frustration i'm being put through again simply because of their personalities 
is becoming a metalhead , wtf happened there ... 
i set myself deadlines that i then realize may be a bit too tight , and then immediately go on facebook , go figure 
ok , i'm addicted . i seriously cannot stop listening to this band . every single album i torrent by them has been torn apart to scary play counts before even hitting the next one . lol 
alrighty , lady gaga tonight !!! fail at packing camera and costume already , must see what i can do 
epic does not begin to describe that gaga concert . i've been a lapsed fan for the past four months . the lapse is over ! that she killed my insecurities for the time being though they clearly weren't exactly the kind she had in mind is just ... i'm speechless 
um , ok then , at the office now , a caller just addressed me as ma'am . :o 
moar mashups ... this one was supposed to be easy . two week now ... i'll figure it out ... eventually ... and then do MORE ! 
i think heavy metal scared the cat lol i'm evil . it managed to wiggle itself underneath the couch bottom's lining 
washu and ( almost ) all its students can go fuck themselves . Honestly , I am having as little to do with this place as I can possibly manage this final two semesters . 
is officially not a washu student anymore . BBL ... i think 
GG Astros ! From awesome seats too ! 
the dress shirt and slacks survived an awesome go-around at the city museum , complete with getting hit on the slide :D 
screw firefox beta . it really didn't feel like working for me : no banking , no gmail , no facebook . back to good old 3.6 . am i the only person who looks on the word beta on any program with severe distrust ? 
what the fuck was i thinking signing that leave of absence form . no way out of it now . but something tells me i would have felt trapped no matter what i did ... must now find some way to make it hurt less 
expendables !!! terrible plot , but < PROPMALE > stallone , jet < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > statham and a couple professional wrestlers in tandem do some < PROPMALE > damage ! :) 
that's not my name . this song is in my head , now its in my mind ( lalala ) ... i still can't figure out how i reverted to this ... 
weird . NO SCHOOL THIS SEMESTER . conflicted 
not gonna be on facebook for the next month , in < PROPFEMALE > . still feel lifeless and drained , but gonna try to be happy at that time , being with relatives who are actually sane should help . apprehensive as fuck about getting back to STL though . if this week has shown anything , its that i can completely go from delighted to suicidal in a few days living with these folks 
back into the doldrums of stl after an awesome month in < PROPFEMALE > . FUCK . i shouldn't be trying to < PROPFEMALE > on until january , i should be aiming to < PROPFEMALE > on to may is the real deal here . Here goes ! 
the yankees do not make me happy 
so today and maybe tomorrow , will be Wheelmobile time . I think I need this , like pretty bad 
I hate being stuck at home . Depressed to death again . Suffocated , can't breathe here . Don't know when I can 
Wondering how long its going to be before things start rolling my way again . Seems to be life worked well until things got freak screwy for the past half year . Hoping to get some return in any field of life before losing much else ... Done thinking and planning since nothing works anyway , so I will just function and hope 
the run of depressiveness can stop now , k thx bai :) 
nightwish+blondie , and I don't think any more music is necessary on my itunes lol . I can shuffle those 151 songs all day :D 
who needs halloween trick-or treating when you can interface with one particular five year old kid for four hours while trying to play video games with friends :O 
should stop logging into Facebook on unsecured wireless networks . 
I'M ASIAN AND I'M REALLY SMART 
phone broken , been broken for a couple days , would help if my parents would get a clue and realize the obvious . can't get in contact with registration advisors who haven't replied ... 
gah , that anxiety attack didn't need to happen . ridiculously on edge right now , eww 
life can be so incredibly aggravating ... 
new but relatively small memory xbox 360 , new game , new phone . relatively successful black friday , meh 
anxiety issues beginning to get out of control again . i don't feel good about anything right now 
weird , pandora seems give me an abnormal number of commercials every day . i hate this website 
sporcle quizzes can be amazingly interesting , apparently Mongolia got a man in space before < PROPFEMALE > , West germany , and Britain . LOL 
is officially obsessed with scandinavian bands , if its from iceland , sweden , finland or norway , it has to be good lol 
a student once again after a semester leave and back on the 40 after two years away . wow :) 
need calm ... need structure .... need life ? 
my cheapo generic 360 controller is fucking WIN . multiple light up LED's for a fraction of the price of a bland microsoft controller and i can play computer games with it :D 
FINALLY beat that stupid pokemon < PROPFEMALE > game . now i can actually do work for the next week 
its been 24 hours and counting staying awake , only a little bit of white castle and some chips in the past 48 hours . somehow , STILL AMPED . hw time ... 
i think i'm done . its been good . its been weird . i'm a hollow shell of what i was in high school , i can't feel anything but pain . i wish i didn't have to even post this , but its happening again , i know why now and it would be an easy solve for anyone else , but not for me . not in my shoes 
... wtf am i supposed to do . straight up falling apart . this can't go on 
would like nothing more than to be out of this hellhole of a school right NOW . i don't know what i'm gonna do anymore . my breakdown has once again derailed my urgent studying . i can't go on like this . i just want something to work , to give me hope 
derailed and waaaay out there . possibly the result of 6 years of undiagnosed ADHD or something .... gawd eeks 
fucking sick of complications . i want everything to be over with so I can get out of this country for good , i've lived in five different cities in four different countries and 10 years in STL especially at this school makes me want to puke 
the foreign , at this point european music show on kwur right now is freaking AWESOME . My prayer is answered ! Finally somebody recognizes music that is outside the anglo-american spectrum 
i think tonight ima not sleep again , i don't have anything due tomorrow but my senior project is rather massive ... 
hmmm ... chicago or < PROPMALE > ... 
chicago until friday ! need more fun stuff to do around the city 
chicago was pretty great , and that was a great night of drinks last night that i've only just recovered from ... mid-america open tomorrow and sunday ... here's to fewer fuck-ups 
and i end the two days of chess with a meh . The other games were so epic though 
female rock/indie/metal vocalists on kwur right now , glad i helped produced this playlist tonight ! 
so they say i'm a US citizen as of now . MEH 
let's just disavow any illusion i still have that what I say is actually worth more than a sack of turds . There's just no way I can communicate to save my life . I might as well be a fucking mute 
uh oh , fuck . senior project derailed . That bad February may have been lethal for actually graduating . Gonna need something to be worked out here pretty desperately 
< PROPFEMALE > , no more shotput bowling , k ? kthxbai 
