Take me OUuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut Tonight 

Tomorrow is palindrome day 01-02-2010 
Misses his son extra bad today . 
Just replaced lost cell phone . If i should have your number please send me message because I don't have it now . 
It was the best of times , it was the worst of times ; primarily because my watch had stopped . But man we had some times . 
From near to far from from far to near , funny things are everywhere 
Because I could not stop for death He kindly stopped for me . 
But , somewhere back there in the dust that same small town in each of us . 
if you want to know the truth , i don't know what i think about it . i'm sorry i told so many people about it . about all i know is , i sort of miss everybody i told about . even old stradlater and ackley , for instance , i think i even miss that goddam < PROPFIRST > . it's funny . don't ever tell anybody anything . if you do , you start missing everybody . 
Ordered new computer today very excited !!! 
Be careful everyone Guam may capsize . Hehe . 
My Friend < PROPMALE > got me the best birthday present ever . 
sex position thing dont click look like a vurus or something 
day three of Insanity workout hardest workout i have ever done period . 3 days down 57 to go . \ 
Just Push Play 
day 4 of insanity 56 to go Just Push play 
day 5 down hardest so far almost thourhg first week . Just Push Play 
today is day 7 of week 1 my rest day\ 
good results so far really motivated for more < PROPMALE > if i die in month 2 please explain to the people at my funeral that Insanity wasn't really suicide just sort of . 
day 8 down feeling good 
day 9 pure cardio hurts hurts but just pushed play day 10 tomorrow 
day 10 down just push play 
days 11 and 12 down feeling the burn in dbl digit weight loss and need a new belt 
wide right 
day 13 down one day i will make it through pure cardio without stopping for rest but that day was not today 
fit test round 2 ( day 15 ) today imporvemnet in all 8 tests some better than others i still hate global jumps 
day 16 down 1/4 through program feeling great . Just push play ! 
Ok facebook friends I used FB post as accountability when I started Insanity workout since i didn't have a workout partner . I love my results and I feel the routine is ingrained enough to stop the daily updates . If you're curious about progress feel free to ask but the need to bore you with daily updates is over ! Thanks for all the encouragement 
Droplets of yes and no in an ocean of maybe ...... 
Month 2 of Insanity 1st day well I'm still alive but man < PROPFIRST > T killing me 
At the National Blood Bank Convention in Baltimore 
Back home and tired 
FINISHED INSANITY yesterday taking 2 weeks off to recover with only mild exercise then starting again !!! 
Sometimes I breathe you in and I know you know ... 
But I've wandered much further today than I should \ 
And I can't seem to find my way back to the Wood 
When you gonna make up your minde , when you gonna love you as much as I do ? 
I walk along these hillsides in the summer ' neath the sunshine . \ 
I am feathered by the moonlight falling down on me ... 
For the life of me I cannot remember \ 
What made us think that we were wise and we'd never compromise 
We couldn't all be cowboys\ 
So some of us are clowns . 
I've had a knack from way back\ 
At breaking the rules once I've learned the games 
If she remembers she hides it whenever we meet ... 
wrap her up in a package of lies , \ 
send for off to a coconut island ... 
I can't remember all the time I've tried to tell myself . \ 
To hold on to these moments as they pass ... 
Ok friends . Have you ever been inspired to read a book based solely on a song or album ? Bios of the artist don't count . I love < PROPMALE > Bellow and had read a few things by him but I read Henderson the Rain < PROPMALE > solely because of the references to it on the Counting Crows album August and Everything After . Lets hear all your stories . Maybe we'll find some jems in both the music and literary venues . 
Sorry for short notice guys . But I am starting another Insanity round this week . If you you double up or skip fit test and 1st workout you can sync . I know < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was interested anyone else let me know . 
bought a new android phone today post your app suggestions plz 
