You would think that as skeptical as I am ... that this damn research class would be second nature to me ..... NOT ! 

Feeling achy all over .... can't seem to fight off this bug . 
I just want to say thanks to everyone at University Hospital for taking such great care of my mother . I have always felt like UofL was a second home away from home , because of the great friends I have . You guys rock ! The love and care that was extended to 
Can't seem to slow down to smell the roses ... and when I finally did get the < PROPMALE > to smell the roses , they smelled like poo-poo 
There are two ways to live ur life . One is as though nothing is a miracle . The other is as though everything is a miracle ~ < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Its true that we don't know what we had until we lose it , BUT it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives . 
my mother is back in the hospital for the 3rd time in less than a month ... now they want to remove her gallbladder .... 
Better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness . - Chinese Proverb 
I am trying to play the hand that life has dealt me .... damn , if this were Texas Hold'em ... I'd fold ! 
Going back to bed to snuggle with my husband ;) I love Sunday afternoons ! 
I am feeling pretty good about life ! Staying positive ... greatful that change is a comin ' , thanks < PROPFIRST > C < PROPMALE > . 
Wanna give a shout out to < PROPFEMALE > H . Thanks for almost helping out with my issues last night . I bet ur glad I had worked through it ... LOL . Still feeling under the weather . I feel like I've been doing 1000 sit-up . Don't work too hard 
Gonna go spoon with my hubby ... just hope he's not snoring , I've run out of nasal strips and can't find my ear-plugs . 
Sitting outside on the pation watching my husband try and light the fireplace ... oh shit , he just used an entire bottle of charcoal fluid to ignite the fire ! He's a pyro in disguise . 
“I used to think I was indecisive , but now I'm not so sure” 
Made it through another Monday ... now I get to catch some zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz's . Sweet dreams to all . 
My husband is such a klutz ... he is the epitome of Murphy's Laws ! I have to go tend to his wounds .... and ego ! :) 
I had a million dollars but I spent it all .......... so now I have to work the entire Labor Day weekend :( 
Waiting for my husband to come in from work .... I need him to rub my feet :) 
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits -- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
I had just colored all the grey out of my hair 2 weeks ago and their back ! WTF ! Playing tag with color #21 ( natural black ) .... damn stubborned grey hair ! 
Damn Oreo cookies ! They are my kryptonite . 
NeVer bEnD yOur HeAd . Hold iT hIGh . lOoK tHe WorLd straIghT iN tHe eYe ! 
There is no spectacle on earth more appealing than that of a beautiful man in the act of washing the dinner dishes ..... turns me on everytime ! Thanks hubby , ur the best dishwasher ever ! 
I cannot get over how expensive my taste is !!! I am on a beer budget with champaign taste . Imagine , if you will ... a hot tub that cost $ 16,000 . 00 . WTF ! I bet you get a hand job with that purchase price . 
~ Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use :) ~ 
Another night of insomnia ! Oh where , Oh where is the sandman ? 
< PROPMALE > has finally finished the patio , with a few little details to be ironed out . He thinks its his \MAN-CAVE\ " .... wait til I foo-foo it all up with flowers ... ha ha . " 
OK , I am up way too early on my day off ... already drank a pot of coffee , taken a shower but still have no motivation to do Shi ........ t ! 
I smell my mobile phone in my car because I can . Really ???? 
I love being snowed in with my husband .... light the fireplace , turn on some slow music , pour a glass or two of wine .... uhhhh what the hell am I doing on facebook , CATCH YA LATER .... my husband has some < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > playing ! 
I am so out of shape . Went to Cherokee Park yesterday with the fam to go sledding . OMG those hills are steap , but the ride down was sooooo ... much fun ! My calves , thighs , and @$$ are paying for it today . 
You laugh because I'm different ........... I laugh cause I just farted ! 
How do you get a Kleenex to dance ? Put a little boogy in it ! 
Seriously .... I don't know if I can do another round right now , my house is running off the block and I haven't had time for a mani/pedi in over 2 months .... and my dang-gone eyesbrows are growing onto my forehead ! Yeah , this higher education thing makes me look \HOT\ " .... not ! " 
I was hoping that my hangover would be gone by now ... I have 1 last final to study for , but no motivation . 
I have the dress and the shoes already for OAKS ... less than 3 weeks to find a HAT !!! Well , looks like I get to go SHOPPING ! 
PK jus informed me I have less than 12 days to find a hat for OAKS ... maybe I could make one ... ha ha ha NOT ! 
I miss my husband !!!! Hurry home Daddy , I have < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > on pause and the candles lit .... jus need to be in your arms . 
I want to thank you , Mom , \ 
for your < PROPFEMALE > ... \ 
your encouragement ... \ 
your strength ... \ 
your generosity ... \ 
your unswerving love ... \ 
and for those SIX little words \ 
that helped me through \ 
so many trying times ... \ 
\ ... BECAUSE I SAID SO 
It is so scary .... how in one breif moment , ur life can be turned upside down . Please pray for < PROPFEMALE > and her family . 
Headed to another funeral today .... that makes two in less than a week . I am running out of tissues and I am afraid that my husband is running out of faith :( How can I make him understand that , God does not test you .... God strengthens you ! 
This was the longest week ever ..... looking forward to seeing < PROPFIRST > on Wednesday ! Congrats to you < PROPFIRST > on your graduation ! 
OHHH .... I feel so loved ! Thanks everyone for the wonderful wishes for my birthday . I have the greatest friends ! Muuuaahh ! :) 
The will of God will never take you where the Grace of God will not protect you . 
Is there a time limit on fortune cookie predictions ? 
I know there is a floor somewhere underneathe all of this mess ... thinking I just might closed the door to the computer room once again and try to find motivation to clean it up another day . 
I just got straight cathed at work and it feels ohhhh soooo good 
Just a reminder ..... ' tis better to ask for forgiveness , rather than for permission :) 
I don't like to rush time , cause Lord knows we are all on borrowed time .... BUT ... I need the weekend to hurry up and get here !!! 
MIKE ... You are such a loser ! It is so sad to see that you are still so jealous of your baby brothers happiness . YOU ARE YOUR WORST ENEMY . And here I thought it was all the steriods you shot up that made you act like an ASS ! You did all of us a favor when you left . In fact , we gathered at Vic's & CELEBRATED . We were all so grateful that we didn't have to listen to your lies anymore . I mean really , we laugh at you . 
If love is blind , why is lingerie so popular ? 
I don't know why I push his bottons ... guess cause I CAN ! 
LUV the pic Suzie-Q ... had to make it my own ... LMAO ! 
My perfect day : Running around throwing skittles at random people screaming \TASTE THE FREAKING RAINBOW ! TASTE IT !! \"" 
Looks like we made it , we beat the odds together . Glad we didn't listen -- look at what we would be missin ' .... We're still together , still going strong . After all this time , 16 years to be exact , You still give me butterflies when you kiss me . Thanks for making my life complete . Happy Anniversary Baby ! 
Having a wonderful STAY-cation with my husband . 
So my mind was blown when I realized \Dammit I'm Mad\ " spelled backwards is Dammit I'm Mad ... Who'd of thunk it ? " 
Thought of day : RING-POP's ..... I think ring pops are a conspiracy to get girls to associate sucking and jewlry from an early age . LMAO !!!! 
I was just wondering why they sell seashells by the sea shore when there's hundreds laying around that you could just have for free :) 
Loves that even when my hair is a mess and no make-up on , he still tells me I am beautiful . 
I just spent over 6 hours in the car with my husband driving back from Atlanta ... with the radio off the whole time just talking and laughing ... what an incredible feeling to know that I married my best friend . 
How much does it cost to create a beautiful smile .... uummmm $ 5,347 . 89 and that is with dental insurance ! 
I need a bottle of wine , my ho t-t ub , my husband and a good nights sleep without having to hit snooze on the alarm clock AND I won't be picky .... it doesn't have to be in any particular order .... just in the same 24 hour period . 
Just another day in paradise . 
WooHoo .... finally got a summer holiday off !!! 
I luv people watching and ear hustling ! My kids say I am nosy , probablly so BUT ha ha I have alot of great material for one liners ! 
A word to the wise ain't necessary -- it's the stupid ones that need the advice . 
Couldn't ask for a more beautiful day ! Its a good day to go for a run .... ha ha , too bad I don't run . I'll just go to the park and watch everyone else gettin ' healthy . 
The only correct actions are those that demand no explanation and no apology . 
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day ; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit . 
BAH HUM BUG !!!!! 
Half of my Christmas lights are working , two out of the three wise men had been decapitated from my nativity scene and my Christmas tree is lopsided . Looks like we are gonna have a REDNECK Christmas this year ! lol 
Burrrrrrr ! 
I know his wishes and hopes are to know and be with < PROPFEMALE > .... I can only wish and hope for his wishes and hopes to come true . He thinks of you EVERYDAY < PROPFEMALE > , please don't spend one more day without knowing what a wonderful man he is . 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass .... its about learning to dance in the rain . 
Day 3 ....... 53 more days left ! 
I worked all day at the hospital .... and one would think I would get home and be ready for bed , BUT no ...... I have become a facebook stalker !!! Beware , I am looking for you !!! ha aha aha ahha 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > W . for getting me out of bed this morning and making me start training for the Triple Crown ..... I know I complained the entire time and my legs feel like spaghetti noodles .... but deep down , I loved every minute of it ! 
Be careful what you with for ..... it just might come true . I wished for snow , so that my family would be snowed in and have to spend time with each other . Not so sure that I wanna be snowed in with them now ...... most of them are on my last nerve . 
I love my self-cleaning oven , if only my toilet were self cleaning ! UGH ! 
Its really nipplly outside ! 
I had the best laugh today ..... one of those knee slappin , eyes watering , can't catch your breath , snorting ..... kind of laughs !!! Whooo0 ... Heeee . 
Day 19 ..... 37 more days to go ! 
Lord .... if I ever needed you to place Your hands over my mouth , Today would be that day . Let me sit in silence and watch every blessing You have in store for us to unfold . 
Got 99 problems but THE BITCH ain't one !!!! AHHHH HAAAAA ..... 
I know something you don't know .... nah , nah nah nah NAAAAH ! 
And I thought I was a FB stalker ..... I picked up one of my very own . LOL 
I had a wonderful day relaxing with my husband ... I love that he is such a snuggle-bug :) 
I think I can .... I think I can .... I think I can ...... 
I completed the first leg of the Triple Crown this morning , and I ran a personal best , Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Wiedemer !!! LUV YOU GIRL ..... I couldn't have done it without you ! 
