Getting organized ! I love it when a plan comes together . 

Last minute details before I travel to Atlanta . Training to be better than I am today . I love a challenge and accounting can definitely be challenging . 
Resting a bit after dinner . Catching up on emails . Now I have some reading to do for my class tomorrow . Then I will call it a night . Night , everyone ! 
Off to the Zoo today with the Fam . 
Happy Fathers Day to those special men who mold and teach our children . 
Going home to play with the kids . 
It is < PROPFEMALE>'s 3rd Birthday today . I can't believe my little girl is getting so big and smart . We have to watch her like a hawk . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Relaxing and playing with my children . They are so sweet , smart and fun . They truly are a blessing . I love you Berto & < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Now I really have to study ! 
is saying prayers with the kids , putting them to bed and then it is study time . 
Having some success with my diet . But loosing my will power due to the stress of CPA Exam . July 27th is coming all too soon . 
FAR exam was tough , we will see how I did in a couple of months . Focusing on REG exam now - 4 weeks and counting . Study , study , study . . 
Enjoying my morning with the kids , pancakes are on the menu ! 
Reminder so self : Anything worth having takes hard work and dedication to achieve . 
Berto's first day of school today . Immaculate < PROPFEMALE > downtown < PROPFEMALE > . The teacher said he was a little restless . He will learn , I know . 
I am headed home to help Berto with his homework . He can get so distracted . I guess that is what it is like being 5 . Anyone remember ? 
Finished Regulation Section of CPA Exam today . I feel pretty good about this one . Grades do not come out until November . 
Helping Berto with his homework . He has improved so much - I am proud of my little man . 
Arts in the Heart Yesterday ! We had fun , my kids monopolized the Monkey < PROPFIRST>'s bouncy toys . We caught Summer in her show . Great showSummer < PROPFIRST > Finley < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Berto has been sick the past couple of days . Fever is reduced today , I think he will be just fine . Now , to wait for < PROPFEMALE > to catch it ! 
I have been spending lots of time with my family . It has been good . I hope they got their fix before busy season . 
Is grateful to < PROPMALE > for making a wonderful ' grand slam ' breakfast this morning . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ALL ! I hope everyone has a blessed holiday with family and friends . I am thankful for my husband who loves and supports me in everything I do . Thanks < PROPMALE > . 
Reading library books with the kids today . I learned alot about clown fish , like there is one called a skunk clown fish ( it has a white stripe down it's back ) . 
is basking in the joy of motherhood . 
I had the best birthday this year , my brother with 5 boys , was blessed with a little girl on April 7th ! I am so lucky to share my birthday with my niece , < PROPFEMALE > Balducci . 
Is tackling the CPA Exam , again . 
Immaculate < PROPFEMALE > holding it's annual banquet tonight , volunteering as a waitress , oops ' server ' . It's been years , hope I don't mess up ! 
Going shopping to wind down and relax . 
Tricking my brain into thinking its not morning . 
Water Baloon Fight !!!! 
is trying to get rid of this head ache :( 
Study , study , study . . . . 
Really enjoying my time off and spending time with < PROPMALE > , Berto and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Had such a great time at SME annual retreat . Congrats to the Red team for winning the quadathon ! 
< PROPFEMALE > named her feet : Pika and Pachika . Then she had a puppet show with them . 
Playing video games with the kids . Never thought I would be a gamer . The things you do for your kids ! 
Tired , can't sleep , what's up with that ? Gotta at least lay my head down . . . zzzzz 
What an emotional day ! The lows are what make the highs so good . 
Kids are enjoying grandma's visit from Alaska . 
