doesn't have nearly enough time for fb . Must get to work on registering for school and getting finances ready . Must play with my children more . Must make time for hubby . Must ... I don't have time for all the musts . I'm beginning to feel very musty ! 

thinks that she has the greatest friends in the world for making a mature , fluffy lady feel special ( one of my goals in my old age is to be more kind to myself , so I didn't say I was old or fat ! ) . I've concluded that getting older isn't quite so bad due 
is feeling very alone in the world . Just when I was beginning to trust just a little , another huge smack down . Guess it's time to dust myself off and smack back . Maybe once I stop crying ... 
is looking forward , with trepidation , to the next couple days of Gibbs family reunion at my house . From Grandma & Grandpa down to great-grandkids , there will be 25 us together . Should be fun - in a dysfunctional family Thanksgiving kind of way ;o ) 
is feeling very collegiate . Took my first computer training course this morning at BYU and got my student ID . As long as I pay tuition , I'm a full fledged student . How SCARY !!! 
is home from 2nd callbacks . Oh so hopeful - but oh so much talent there ! 
is in < PROPFIRST > visiting the folks . Sad that this is their last summer here and our last trip to see them . But happy that my kids have been able to spend so much time with them through the years ! 
cannot contain her exuberance any longer ! YIPPEEEEEEE !!!!!! 
can now officially be over-the-moon with joy that not only she , but also her hubby was cast in Curtains !!! Don't anybody pinch me - I like this dream ! 
just got home from \Hello Dolly\ " with her family . It's so fun to share great theatre with my kids and have them love it too . What a very lovely evening ! " 
is sitting in the hospital waiting for her hubby to get out of minor surgery . The hope is the surgeon can make him less of a butt hole . Butt , only time will tell . 
just updated hubby's fb status . Out of surgery , the doctor says everything went very well . He assured me that he did what he could to help him not be such a pain in the butt . Well , at least < PROPFIRST > has Lortab to help the pain in his butt ! 
just got home from < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Maybe blogging about performing and cooking are my calling . That's it ... < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > will save me !!! 
is home from Shakespeare and sad to get back to real life . BIG THANKS to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for their B&B . Lovely music rehearsal last night with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > - WOW ! Curtains is going to be such FUN ! Wishing kids didn't have to stress over school . Wishing < PROPFIRST > a HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! 
is beaming !!! My tuition has been paid , my books have been purchased , my UTA pass is in my wallet and I'm ready to be college student again . Rehearsal for Curtains was a blast . Being surrounded by such incredible talent and < PROPFIRST > bearing his testimony of musical theatre is almost more joy than I can bear in one day !!! And to top it off , < PROPFEMALE > is gleefully chirping about how great her day was at school ! Woo Hoo !! 
is so excited that she was able to use the sentence \the prevalent loquacious syntax could have been composed more succinctly\ " in her history article review . " 
Not ready for a full week of family , school , and TECH ! What was I thinking when I said yes to everything ? Oh wait ... I wasn't . Too late now , guess I'd better just enjoy the ride ! WHEEEEEEE !!!! 
is at home , not feeling tremendous , with a mound of red goo on her head . I sure hope it ends up as the same shade as my wig ! Unfortunately , it looks like my scalp may be fire engine red as well . Should be interesting to see the outcome ... 
is still feeling physically crummy . But thrilled for in-laws < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > and their new baby . You two are so incredible . I hope < PROPFIRST > knows how blessed she and her baby are to find such wonderful parents ! Congratulations to each of you . Our prayers are with you all ! 
Just woke up and can't move . Even more amazed at all of the incredible ensemble folks who do 17X the amount of work I do and were still upright when we finally ended rehearsal at 10pm . Kudos especially to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . What an amazingly talented cast ! It's an honor to be on the same stage with each and every one of you ! Wow ! I mean , Wow ! 
is REALLLY proud of her daughter . It takes a lot of hutzpa to tell your mom that your best friend is considering suicide . Glad that she told me and that we were able to talk to her best friend and her mother . Just hope that it really did help . BTW - don't be posting regarding this to < PROPFEMALE>'s fb wall . Her friend will be seeing her wall . Just don't want to rock that boat right now ! 
is miserable . Why must a cold end up in sinus headache and cough ? Hope I don't share my good times with anyone else . Staying away from class so the rest of campus can remain healthy ! 
didn't realize there would be tests at the testing center when I registered for college . Test in the morning , performances of Curtains later . I think I'll take the afternoon and evening events , thank you ! 
is wondering why professors ask you to take tests electronically and the website doesn't work the way he said it would . Just sayin ... 
OK-Enough already with the flu . Whose great idea was this anyway ! 
thinks that if you have the flu and feel like dying for almost two weeks , that when you feel better you shouldn't have to make up work or school that you've missed . Can't the world just continue and there's no need to catch up when you rejoin ? Just wishing ... 
Why is it that when I'm feeling well and need to get to sleep because there is so much to do , the hamster on the wheel in my mind will not stop running . I keep trying to catch the dang critter , but there's always more running ... running ... runn ... Too bad it's only my mind and not my body that keeps doing this ! 
wishes that her body clock would just decide that it was OK to get to sleep before 3:30 a.m. 
wishes that life could just be easy and that it wasn't necessary to worry and hurt for your children . 
Sometimes life just sucks ! 
Just when things look very bleak , good friends say and do things to help you regain faith and realize that life isn't about always being happy , it's about enjoying friendship and love through the pain . And realizing that everyone has a \life sucks\ " kinda day every so often makes it a good idea to help someone else's day better . " 
Today I am thankful for having the money to buy wonderful ingredients to make Korean food for my family . 
is grateful for wonderful piano teachers that are more than piano teachers . And on top of that , she is so understanding ! 
Today I am thankful to live in a country where our freedom has been purchased with the lives of so many who have served honorably , with valor , and often given their own peace of mind so that we may have peace . May we as Americans pay more than lip service to those who have been and are willing to not only die for their country , but also live for it ! 
is very quickly , but very deeply grateful for having such an amazing , wonderful talented daughter . She accompanied \The Prayer\ " in last night's Veteran's Day Concert at the Huntsman Center and did a fantastic job ( even if she was really nervous ) . And her talent is one of the least of her best qualities . I'm thankful to have a daughter who is beautiful inside and out and all around ! " 
I am grateful for cars that are running well ( quick , knock on wood ) and get us where we need to go , even if we put a lot of < PROPMALE > on them ! 
thinks that deep cleaning the house for the holidays and then having lots of people over just to mess it up doesn't make much sense . But I don't think I have much sense , so I'll continue in my futile effort ! 
is thankful for a warm house , good food , loving friends and family , and the energy/health to clean the house , cook the food , and share with friends and family ! 
is very proud of < PROPFEMALE > for having a great audition yesterday and getting called back . Who knew that auditions for your children could be so much more stressful than any that you've personally done ?!? And now , callbacks for both of us ! 
thinks that it's too bad that auditions and callbacks are so stressful for most people . It's so good to see so many old friends and make new ones . It is amazing to see how much talent is playing on the boards in Salt Lake . Good thoughts and < PROPFEMALE > to all of the auditioners and to the production team !!! 
is trying to get things organized and ready to go south for the holidays . Now if only the car and the wrapping paper would cooperate . Gotta love automobiles and dead trees ! 
is busy , busy ... dreadfully busy ! 
has only one more stop and Christmas shopping is DONE ! But then I have to get the < PROPFIRST > from mechanic , take son to Dr. , go to < PROPFEMALE > Square for dd's concert , finish laundry , get hair cut , have < PROPFIRST > lubed , deliver goody plates , drive both carpool's tomorrow , house readied for house/dog sitter , and ... What the heck am I doing on fb ?!?! Oh yea , checking to see if cast list has been posted so I can be happy for others ! 
AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH - as she runs screaming through her day ! 
has not been on fb for very long time . Don't know why I'm on it now ... other than I finished my theatre homework and now have history and Spanish to do . Darn , guess I'd better get back to work ! 
wonders why she's spending time on fb when she has 150 Spanish vocab words to learn , conjugations to memorize , and part of a chapter to complete . Oh yeah , it's because my head just exploded from my homework in dramaturgy . It's fun to be an old student ! 
wonders , \Do people who natively speak Spanish really know how to conjugate all of these verbs ? \ " Just wondering because until I took Spanish I didn't even know there was such a thing as the pluperfect subjunctive tense . And people say English is difficult ! " 
and the hits just keep on comin ' ... 
saw on the internet that Haiti is without a government . To help out , I'm donating one Obama , one Pelosi , one < PROPMALE > , one < PROPFIRST > , one Coakley , and two Clintons !! They may keep them permanentaly ! I'd share our constitution ; but I think ours was high jacked by the Supreme Court and can't be found ! 
is amazed how much time can be wasted on FB . But on the other hand , at the end of a very long , difficult day , it is really wonderful to read some awfully funny comments . Thank you all for making me smile , laugh , and know that life is good ! 
wonders why the hamster on wheel in my head won't slow down when it's the wee small hours of the morning . Took all three tests for the week . No more cramming my head with revisionist history or Spanish conjugated verbs . Perhaps I just need to sit for a few minutes and enjoy the silence that fills the house at this hour . It's rather peaceful ... hmmmmm 
AFGE - Another Freakin ' Growth Experience !!! Just what I wanted ! 
just wants to put out there in the universe that when you pray for God to help you get cast in a show , if that's what you're supposed to be doing at that time , and then don't get cast ... maybe , just maybe ... God is actually answering that prayer . This status is not for anyone else , but for me to read and re-read and know that God loves me and is willing to help me every moment I'm willing to accept help . 
Missed being able to see her HCT nuns today because of being sick . NO FAIR !!! It just doesn't seem right that when life with my par t-t ime husband is so yucky and the one thing I have planned fror myself gets taken away ... it's NO FAIR !! 
is very sad . 
is being very lazy today . 
has just had her week made by her nephew letting her know that he got baptized and is going to the < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . What an awesome kid !!! 
is killing time waiting for her sister to arrive . What more could one ask on a Saturday afternoon ?!? 
has had a very busy , but very lovely Sunday . It would have been perfect if the cold hadn't moved south to turn into a cough . Ah , but it was lovely anyway ! 
3:08 AM ! Somehow insomnia is just not all it's cracked up to be . Especially when I have flower beds and gardens that have to be worked on in a few hours . Oh brain and body - why do you do this ? 
just had a really great time talking to my dear friend , < PROPFEMALE > ! So grateful for all my \old\ " friends who make me smile just by being who they are !!! " 
I don't feel old enough intellectually or emotionally to have a daughter turning 17 tomorrow . But after working in my yard today , my body is telling me that I should have grandchildren older than that ! 
is looking for fun , interesting , possibly educational , and FREE things to do this summer with my 10-year old son . And preferably something that doesn't have anything to do with video games , computer games , or Pokemon/Bakugan . We know that the Museum of Natural History is free on the 1st Monday of each month . Anybody with any other great ideas ??? I would greatly appreciate your feedback ... 
thinks that if you < PROPMALE > in Musical Theatre in college and help your daughter with an Honors Physics project until 2:30 a.m. you should get a whole lot of extra credit for being a parent ! But the 5 machines ( marble run , pulley , lever/fulcrum , mouse trap , pendulum ) that it took to puncture a soda can and have the liquid pour into a cup WORKED ! I'm so proud of < PROPFEMALE > ( and all of the adults that made it possible) ! 
For someone who doesn't dance , I sure do enjoy watching SYTYCD recorded on my dvr and then pausing so < PROPFEMALE > and I can comment on each dancer and choreographer . I've learned so much from Mia Michaels and < PROPFIRST > Shankman . 
is proud of her daughter and saddened by the sudden and tragic death of her classmate . She's a strong young woman that understands how fragile life is and she seems so young to understand Christ's love and the eternal nature of our souls . As her mother , I'm grateful for her example ! 
has just spent the last hour setting up parental controls so that her wonderful and intelligent only-turned-10-yesterday-year old son can no longer play games or get on suspect websites when mom's not looking . Although I would not have made a good mother pre-modern times , there are times when I do wish for a simpler , easier time to raise my children !!! 
A belated thank you to all of my fb friends who made my birthday special . I love you all immensely and appreciate all the warm fuzzies ! 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH !!!! 
thinks that getting pneumonia the week of an opening really BITES !!! But I'm grateful < PROPFEMALE > could take < PROPMALE > to rehearsal so I could rest and recup to be ready for the rest of tech week for Bye , Bye < PROPFEMALE > . 
Invites to all to\ 
COME\ 
SEE BYE BYE BIRDIE\ 
Midvale Outdoor Theatre ( 400 W 7500 S)\ 
Bring your own lawn chairs or blankets to sit on ! \ 
7:30 \ 
pm , $5.00 or $20 per family 
thinks maybe she's failed at being a parent . My children had never played with sparklers in their own yard and my 10-year old had never eaten a s'more . Bad , bad mommy ! 
Since I didn't audition , is it OK for me to ask the world - who did get cast in Drowsy Chaperone at HCT ? 
Hoping not to say something I shouldn't , our family has had some good news this week and I want to share . Most of you have been unaware that < PROPFIRST > and I have been separated for six months . His parents have been extremely gracious and supportive as he has lived with them . Although there's still much work to do individually and together , we are very happy to announce that < PROPFIRST > has moved back home . 
and before you know it , the daughter is getting far too much information from colleges and having way too much fun her senior year , and the 5th grader is getting far too seriously embarrassed when asked about his carpool girlfriend and thinks he should < PROPFEMALE > out with his sister and her friend ( who's a guy ) just to be sure they're OK . 
has decided that although she loves her son's uniform policy , it's kind of pointless to take a picture on the first day of school , because it's really hard to tell year from year because it's all the same clothes - just bigger . Oh , unless he's smiling and missing certain teeth , then we can guess whether it was anywhere between 1st and 4th grade . 
thinks that Boy Scouts has a really good racket going . $25 for shirt , $7 for the neckerchief , $4 for the slide for the neckerchief , $5 for the colored thingy that pins go on , $17-$30 for multiple emblems , badges , < PROPFIRST > , etc . that still must be sewn on the shirt . I'm thinking that I should start an organization to teach boys how to abuse and disrespect others and charge that kind of $$$ . I could make a fortune ! 
I actually got some good sleep last night - without the help of drugs . It's a MIRACLE ! 
Voice lessons , painting < PROPMALE>'s Room ( still ) , more voice lessons , seeing < PROPFIRST > Stokes < PROPFIRST > in concert with hubby and daughter . Aaaah , it's looking like it should be a great day ! 
is ecstatic at having experienced < PROPFIRST > Stokes < PROPFIRST > in concert with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . He was amazing !!! I also think that my daughter is the most blessed teenager to have parents who lavish her with such incredible artistic events and yummy dining . But more importantly , I'm grateful to have a daughter and husband who so thoroughly enjoy such a wonderful performance and evening with me !! 
Does anyone know if auditions have been held for Savior of the World ? 
wishes she had a doctor's thingy that she could look into her son's ear to really see if there is a problem in there . Why do I have to spend $150 to take him to the doctor so they can tell me his ears are fine . Sure would make knowing whether he's a hypochondriac a whole lot cheaper ! 
just returned home after seeing another wonderful performance of \Pirates of Penzance . \ " I'm so blessed to know such talented people ! " 
is looking forward to Castle , < PROPMALE > and Grey's Anatomy starting this week . Ah , the end of summer and fall is in the air . Good thing we've got DVR ! 
just clicked on a link . Couldn't get to whatever site it was linking to , but it looked virus spooky . DON'T CLICK ON MY LINK re : girl killed herself . I don't want to be responsible for virus-yuck or inappropriate content ! 
is incredibly excited to finally be in HCT's A Christmas < PROPFIRST > . It's only taken < PROPFIRST > and me 20 years to audition for that show , so we are both tickled pink that they were very kind and cast us as the Fezziwig's and their counterparts . Can't wait ! 
I don't mean to be an overbearing , worried , and nagging mother , but it's impossible not to care . 
is very excited to go see Hamlet with Talyorsville High Theatre tomorrow . Guess I'd better get some sleep before I have to consider life that deeply . 
Children with special needs aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . It is Special Education week , and this is in honour of ... all children made in a more unique way and who learn a little differently . I'll post , will you ? 
< PROPMALE > has < PROPMALE > asthma problems complicated with what looks like pneumonia . The antibiotics\ 
don't seem to be doing much , so I've gone back to my \mama\ " roots . \ 
A\ 
Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check\ 
payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and \ 
including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many \ 
people in this country who no longer remember that fact . God Bless < PROPFEMALE > ... that we may never forget those who have given so much for all that we have here ! 
is on fb for the first time in ... weeks . Who knew it was so possible and so gratifying to not be ruled by knowing what everyone else in the world is doing - or not doing . 
wishing that weather predictions could be more accurate for a week ahead . I mean , how will I know what the weather will be like for me to take < PROPFEMALE > to Rexburg for scholarship auditions next week ? 
