3 more days till we leave for Disney ! Woo hooo ! 

Happy New Year ! Be safe everyone ! 
Thank you everybody for all the wonderful birthday wishes ! I'm truly blessed with wonderful friends and family ! I love you all !!!! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? ;) 
Well , my beloved Jeep crapped out on me . Hopefully getting a Durango today ! 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Please put this on your status if you know , or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it wasobliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 92.783% won't copy/past 
My baby is 17 today ! Happy birthday Heaven ! I love you ! 
Happy anniversary to my mom and dad ! 38 years and they still hold hands ! I love you guys ! 
All I can say is thank goodness today is finally over ! WOW !!! 
Happy Friday the 13th everybody ! 
Less than 24 hours to show time ! 
Sitting at the airport waiting for our flight to Boston 
Just touched down in boston ! 
At the show ! 
J geils rocked ... set change now . Up next .... AEROSMITH !!!! Ahhhhhh ! 
Aerosmith was amazing ! Back at the hotel with a pizza a my wonderful husband . Life is good ! 
Today is our 1 year anniversary ! I love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Stay off the sidewalks everyone .... Heaven got her driver license ! 
Its\ 
nieces and nephews week on Facebook , if you have nieces and nephews \ 
that you love and just brighten up your day post this as your status \ 
with their name ~ AUSTIN , < PROPFEMALE > , AND MEMPHIS ... I LOVE YOU ! 
My beautiful baby girl is 15 today ! I love you Faith ! 
Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . It's national DAUGHTERS WEEK so if you have a beautiful daughter or daughters that you love with all your heart , copy and paste this to your wall . 
What color hair should you have ? - My Result : Red http://bit.ly/93uNip 
If you have a Wonderful Partner , who helps balance your whole world , who isn't perfect , but is perfect to you ; who works hard and would do anything for you ; that makes you laugh and drives you crazy ; who is your Best Friend ; who you want to grow old with ; and who you are thankful for every day , then post this as your status . 
on the way back from St. < PROPFIRST > . Missing my sweetie already ! 
Happy 11th birthday to my baby boy ! I love you Kaleb ! 
Sitting in St. < PROPFIRST > waiting for my sweetie to land ! :-) 
oh my gosh ! This is the biggest freakin < PROPFEMALE > I have ever seen ! Yummy ! 
? \ 
My Husband has made me laugh . Wiped away my tears , and caused some of \ 
them . Hugged me tight . Watched me succeed . Saw me fail . Cheered me on . \ 
Kept me going strong . My Husband is a promise from God that I will have a\ 
friend forever . ? Put this as your status if you love your husband . 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! 
waiting for my sweetie 
I'm sooo not happy . Joeys flight got canceled . :-( 
Yippppeeeee ! Joes plane was delayed this morning due to the foot of snow they received last night , but it just left the ground ! He is going to get home today ! 
Change your FB profile picture ,,, to\ 
a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human on FB till \ 
Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & \ 
paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same . 
Kids\ 
with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid , and their disability\ 
is not contagious . They only want what we all want . To be accepted and \ 
loved . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it\ 
as your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education Week and \ 
this is in honor of ALL children who were born in a unique and loving \ 
way . I could not have said it better 
Please ? put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? Will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? ? Do it for all of us ! ? 
wants to thank her beautiful sister-in-law for the amazing job she did on Heaven's senior pictures ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes ! I love you guys ! 
sitting in < PROPMALE > colorado waiting to board our next flight . 2 whole weeks in paradise with my sweetie ! <3 
at an < PROPFEMALE > pub drinking margaritas and getting ready to watch the Super Bowl with my sweetie .... life is sweet ! 
one flight down and 3 to go ! I miss my babies ! 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE TRASHING , GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future !!! 
