I love those late night trips to the emergency room , you have so much time to bond with your friends while you wait for results . 

I love the State Fair :) I had a great time hanging out with Rach and her family this weekend , especially with getting to see < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > the Hypnotist ! 
According to < PROPFEMALE > , I am a vampire . Not only am I pale and cold , but she says I have no circulation . In addition to that , I realized late last night that there is another sign that I am a vampire : I also need blood to survive ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > , thank you for helping me realize what I am . 
What’s a worse than playing in vs mode with your friends when you’re bad at videogames ? Playing in vs mode with your friends when you’re bad at videogames and having competitive tendencies . 
I had a great time at Renfest yesterday with Rach , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . I didn't get the sword I wanted , but I got a cork gun ! 
Every person has 1,000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% will not repost this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% that do put this as their status at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it right now . 
Shut up you person ! You inanimate person in my phone ! - < PROPFIRST > 
You're a starburst nebula Jasman Gonzales ! 
< PROPFEMALE > wants me to change my last name to Rodriguez Schlingensiepen .... She said she'd overlook my spanishness and pay me $8/hr for just talking to her if I did ... 
It's only November ... why is it cold enough for the forecast to show a < PROPMALE > for light snow ... ? 
You could be the best of me , when i'm the worst for you . 
Everybody needs somebody sometimes 
wonders ... is stuff really sealed for her protection or are they just \ 
trying to piss her off ? And child proof means they have proof that only \ 
children can open it . 
I want my last words to be \What does this button do ? \"" 
I found out today just WHY video game characters chug down health potions ... they taste HORRIBLE !!!! 
Every memory comes on when I hear that old song 
There's so much more than meets the eye or what's going on inside 
Life is a journey , constantly turning down an unknown path 
A true friendship is when you get together for a visit and when you look at the clock eight hours have passed ... and you still have so much to talk and laugh about :) 
just keep swimming .. just keep swimming .. just keep swimming swimming swimming .. HA just got it stuck in your head :D 
Hakuna Matata . It means no worries ! 
You're not the same as you were before . You were much more ... muchier ... you've lost your muchness ... 
\Seniorita ! Donde esta ?! \ " - Spanish Buzz " 
when you try to speak but you make no sound and the words you want are out of reach but they've never been so loud 
had a pretty awesome weekend :) 
If you can't beat them , arrange to have them beaten . -- < PROPFIRST > Carlin 
Do you bite your thumb at me , sir ? 
Shun the nonbeliever ! Shhhuuunnnn !!!!! 
thinks that a good song is better and cheaper than a therapist :) 
Whoa-o I want some more , what are you waiting for ? I won't be denied by you , the animal inside of you 
It's ALWAYS an adventure when you're driving on black ice !!!! 
If your mom is or was your hero , bestfriend , or just the best mom ever , if you are blessed to still have your mom or if she is an angel in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mom , and that you love her dearly . You can replace alot of people in life , but you only have one mom 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > says : ignore the strange sounds from the back seat !!! 
School District 501 .... how you've changed .... I remember not having a snow day until we had 10 inches of snow . So WHY are the students of 501 now getting a snow day with only 4-5 inches of snow ??? 
WARNING !!! As of tomarrow Facebook will creep into your bathroom when you're in the shower , fondle your butt and pinch you in uncomfortable places . To change this option go to Privacy settings > personal settings > bathroom settings > fondle and pinch settings and uncheck the Shenanigans box . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste on your status to alert the unaware . 
So according to this new zodiac I am a gemini ... 
The weather people have been pretty accurate lately , now if only they'd predict spring to be coming soon ... 
Time for hot chocolate , a good book , and good music :) 
Yes Financial Aid Verification People , I am aware I fail at life according to you . Now stop waking me up by calling me every week to remind me . 
My OCD tells me this is not right .... 
I REALLY do not like financial aid verification and FAFSA , if it's not one thing wrong it's another . I may have had problems with WSU but not the financial problems I'm having with Phoenix .... :P 
that guy wasn't wearing any reflective bike gear ... unless you could his bright white boxers .... 
To the world you might be one person , but to one person you might be the world 
If you hate someone , walk a mile in their shoes . Then you're a mile away from them and you have their shoes :) 
Dear My Security Shield virus , \ 
\ 
You are no match for my investigative skillz ! My mom's computer is safe from your bogus virus removal software mwahahaha !!! \ 
Love , \ 
Me 
