maybe i will start using facebook . 

is back from new orleans , going to work , dogs . 
okay so i can't fucking upload photos because i can't download the motherfucking facebook software ? what the fuck the fucking file isn't foud fucking dammit its bullshit ! HELP ? 
guess what time it is !!! 
there is nothing better than pooping when you wake up . 
ummm , k , so i really want a redbull who wants to donate cash or beverage to the cause ? come to my house . this is an invitation for all stalkers to meet me ! 
that's right only cool people find $80 on the ground . Ha , bitches I'M SO COOL . 
god dammit didn't really sleep last night ... gonna go to the nooner and buy a paper < PROPFEMALE > light from that store momentum on < PROPFEMALE > ... 
bah humbug i don't want math class to happen tonight . i'm tired and have a redbull hangover ; didn't exactly sleep ! 
fuck blow 
i want whatever so bad its not even something i just uh . you know ? its like damn . huh can get you killed . 
homework sucks . i want to skip easter and go to next week . i want that mystery beverage that i had the other day . i need to eat but i don't feel like it . i want to see my left tit ( < PROPFEMALE >!) . i want the weather to be nicer . [ dense ] 
when you were 22 months old , you were three feet tall , mister < PROPFIRST > gonzalez jr. 
work at 5:30 , trying to make myself eat until then . come cook for me , stalkers . 
BYBA : i'm sorry but i don't think \YAY scales\ " is a good name ... i still say that those are NOT what the words imply . " 
dear @ < PROPFEMALE > Grandbois , i am going to smoke a cigarette . please text me . 
lmfao that didnt WOOORK 
that last hour at work was SOOOO pointless . 
i ain't no goddamn son of a bitch - you better think about it baby 
can't believe i slept that fucking late .... 
is watching paranormal state on hulu ... thanks lefty 
spelling is funnnnn 
can't believe muse was postponed until OCTOBER 2 . ... ... ... whatever . i'm fine . 
oh emme gee i need a fucking ciggy 
i don't only trust my lefty ... so ... do i look strung out in my main photo ? ( cuz i was ) 
raveonettes on repeat ... mmm ... fuck sleep . 
STOP MY KANGABATHROOM HAS AIDS 
amp tastes like shit when i wake up from unsleepishness 
just snorted vit . c out from her nose while eating and coughing . OOOOUUUCCCHHH 
wants dinner and vitamin c and SLEEP . 
life is so boring without a left tit 
is contemplating a haircut ... hmm , yes ... 
no haircut . sad 
it's too early to be this tired ... merrr ... 
meeting the sponsor woman for stepwork at 2 in bouldah 
does NOT feel good . something about a virus and wanting to get high . 
fucking ransacked my room and went carpet surfing . there was only baking soda . thank god . 1000bpm 
i'm officially NOT a pumpkin . dammit < PROPFEMALE > godmother youre a lying sack of shit i ran all this way for nothing 
are ads on facebook customized or does everybody see the shit about drug rehab and the 12 steps ? also i want ice cream . fuck i wish i could eat . 
okay ice cream made me feel sick so now i want lentils . insanity . 
ok whoever calls their company bunkspeed is a fucking idiot . 
does anybody need/want a copy of my book ? ( Somewhere Over the Brainbow : The Good Book / The Good Sequel ) 
evil dead = best rape scene ever ( or only good rape scene ever ) 
laughing is good 
3 bad days in a row and i'm ready to die . what a spoiled bitch . 
NVHS SENIORS : help i haven't been around to know when i'm supposed to be . what are the important dates that i should come back for before graduation ? 
omg i hope i did well on my math test . gonna find out at 5 and i really have a good feeling about it . weeee fingers crossed . 
both tits . chilling . together . in unitedness . 
loves this weather ... 
dudes . my feet hurt ... 
is really worried ... 
only losers use ipads ... the big girls use itampons ! 
time for school . wooo .... ( sarcasm ) 
you in your thong and me in my dandeloincloth 
paranoia and selfishness don't mix well . 
i'm hungry . what should i eat ? 
lmfao . if anybody would like to assist , < PROPFEMALE > and i would really like to be on tfln . 
showed up for work 5.5 hours early ... what the fuck 
BITCHIN CAMERO ! BITCHIN CAMERO ! i ran over my neighbor 
just watched the new simpsons episode ... it was sad i almost cried ... POOR WHALE ! :/ 
can't wait to get her hair cut tomorrow .... 
dudes , fuck annotated bibliographies ! 
feels evil ! :( not okay ! haha 
got her hair cut ! and now needs a nap ... 
it's weird that Curves is a place for women to lose weight , not to love their curves . 
i spent so much time believing all the lies to keep the dream alive 
i just remembered a dream from last night : I ATE A REALLY SQUISHY TOOTSIE POP . :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Finch , YOU KICK ASS 
oh emme gee , it's precipitating . 
OOOOH well i'm so clean cut , I JUST WANNA FUCK SOME SLUTS cuz IIII love livin in the city . 
off to have some snuff . xoxoxo ( i just hugged and kissed myself ) 
butterflies 
needs a ciggy-poo 
is doing homework ... ugh . 
got pushed to the limit . 
it's too late to be a kid in love . we're the kids in hate ! 
why is the < PROPMALE > of persia white ? 
doesn't wanna go to work in the morning , or to take her math final in the evening ... bleh 
fuck MLA . 
war of the elbows : that is my arm rest . 
they call me papa . PAPA SQUAT . I PISS ON YO LAWN TIL THE BREAK OF < PROPFEMALE > :{ ) 
yes , it feels too real . i'm waiting one day at a time for you to come back . 
time for some gaba . 
i just peed in my back yard . yay pee . 
i got new ink under my skin ;) 
is going on a wander with < PROPFEMALE > 
yay redbull ! yay boobs ! yay < PROPMALE > ! YAAAAY 
i smell farts but i'm alone and it wasn't me 0 . o 
in bed 
funny things at the squeen . i am chillin with my ... queen ... lefty 
one minute until i can put a shirt on . 
fuck X INFINITY dudes WHY did i DO that what the FUCK i'm so lazy 
damn it feels good to be a gangster who is working step three . 
my brain is not just playing tricks on me . its pulling really fucked up pranks ! AAAH 
today , i saw a really FUCKING hot chick ... who was wearing a really messy wig . 
ME > YOU .... because . 
mmm salsa binge . 
is on itunes getting muuusic 
okay so Autumn gave me an NA tongue ring , and therefore i'm getting my tongue pierced tomorrow ! WOOO PAAAAIN 
watching teeth 
let love take over , you know the devil just ain't that smart . 
burritos = the shit . 
okay so theres LOUD construction happening in my backyard , and all morning i was dreaming that they redesigned our house ... it was sooo nice ... when i woke up i was like DAMN . 
when i woke up this morning one of my rings was broken . FUCKDAMMITSHITBALLSCOCKSUCKERFUCKINGCUNTBITCHASSWHORE 
it's my moms bday tomorrow . i wonder how old she is . guess i better find out ... lol bad daughter , < PROPFEMALE > . 
son of a bitch , I'll just check the weather . 
indeed , this is not a kitchen table , but a desk . yet , i spill burrito-ness all over it . thus , i have a napkin , and thus , said napkin is soaked in burrito-ness . in conclusion , i'm a slob . 
what's with trying to Like stuff , but then clicking the link and getting SPAM BAM BAMMED 
graduated high school today . those 13 years are over ! 
hungry-hungry-hippos-sized hail ! 
HAS A LAPTOP NOW . 
off to work . wish i didn't have to miss the NA picnic . 
for serious , dudes . there is a book called furious < PROPFIRST > . a kids book . making fun of curious < PROPFIRST > . i want it . mom and the brother are getting it tomorrow . maybe . yay . 
isn't slacking on stepwork today . is almost done with step three . 
my dog pissed on my floor . thank god i can't smell . 
green day is not punk . shocking , i know . fucking idiots . 
formspring.me/ofmurphy yes , i fell for it . 
I love that french McDonald's ad . Fuck you , < PROPMALE > O'Reilly . 
this is the wittiest post you'll ever see . 
there are no weekends in retail . 
oh my god . i want so many tattoos . 
pump up the jelly ! 
in < PROPMALE > , kickin it titty style wit my clothes off . 
top notch ramen chick . eat wit class muthafucka ! 
i just looked at my sock and thought it was a diaper . wow ... what a day ! explosions , blackouts , men , women , doggy-make-outs , cigs , horror flicks , < PROPMALE > , literature , friends , and prank texting . today had everything .... good naked times amongst tits . 
i'm never drinking a bfc again . 
fuck me in the cell phone please 
taste the whip , now bleed for me 
my hickies hurt . 
woke up with bad brains stuck in my head . still in pain . fucking not ready for fucking work . 
why is it so boring here ? 
is my cock big enough , is my brain small enough for you to make me a < PROPFEMALE > ? 
woke up at 2am with a fever of 103 . fuck this , i NEEDED to go out into the world today . time to wait and eat a shitload of vitamin c/advil . 
just found undigested salsa in my diarrhea ! LOL 
in the past two days , i've gotten 63 songs on itunes for 45 bucks that were given to me . HOORAY MUSIC . 
\i got bad brains . \ " \ " yeah you do . \ " .... haha love my < PROPFEMALE > " 
i just puked out my nose after taking vitamin c . OUCH IT BURNS WORSE THAN SNORTING E . 
i'm too sick to do my hair . 
it's dangerous to leave me alone with electronic money and the internet ... at least i buy used dvds instead of new . 
just found a bushisms book in my room . now i cant stop wondering where i got it . 
TOUCH ME I'M SICK !!! 
contemplating the hot sauce chug to kill this virus 
okay so its been 5ish days since ive taken my meds . i'm starting to get really DONT FUCK WITH ME DUDES . 
oh dear just bought another movie on amazon . I'M HOOKED ON DVDS . SSSSSSHHHHIT . ( but Control is sick shit ) 
ps its probably strep . getting swabbed in the morning . 
i choked on some snot and puke came out 
gone taquito-in ' 
they'll be fryin off your hair in that little electric chair 
just got outta the bathroom . are you serious , i really have to pee again ? 
scared to sleep because i know my fever will get worse . uuuugggh . going to see the doctor tomorrow . 
I'M SO ITCHY I CAN'T SLEEP I AM GONNA KILL SOME SHEEP 
i hate doctors , i hate my family , i hate not taking my meds 
just saw the doc . i have strep . eeew you shoulda seen that q-tip !! SO MUCH PUS 
i'm thirsty but theres to much pus in my throat to be quenched . oh hell ! 
HEY can anybody give me a ride to gunbarrel tonight so i can make it to the 7:00 meeting ? 
so turns out that puking hot sauce and vitamin c really fucked up my nose . now it wont stop bleeding ... 
my hands smell like feet ? oh no my hands are my feet ! 
theres nothin on the radio when youre dead 
it was a very good idea to go to a meeting . i'm happy . YAY HAPPINESS 
you had to admit , you wanted the love of a sex offender 
i think my throat is shedding . 
its always fun in the dark because people can never tell your ethnicity . 
DAAAAAAMMMNN theres some UGLY muthaFUCKAS out here tonight ! 
TOO MUCH JUNKIE BUSINESS !!!!!!! AAAAAH i'm so sick of this drama . 
slc punk came in the mail 
I marked his message as spam ... even though it was a love letter . fuck stalkers . 
babysitting til < PROPFEMALE > gets home from visiting my grand < PROPFEMALE > in the icu . then going to tehya's for birthdayness . 
swimming pools are dumb , but i am dumber ... so i went swimming . 
i polished my snails 
fuck hollywood i liked the runaways before the movie . 
I'M MY MAIN MAN . dont want notihin from no one 
i really should clean ... but i want to sleep ... uhhh 
cleaned . now i'm bored . 
anyone in boulder wanna chill for a bit ? 
yay music . just bought some albums on itunes 
< PROPFEMALE > LilOne Grandbois YOURE A BURRITO NAZI 
I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU SLEPT WITH GREEN ! THATS MY FAVORITE COLOR 
I have a tye-dyed asshole .... L ; AKUSDOFIJWQER/LXZC/LKFJ9ORWELJKD 
i hate to think that romance is just a pose , but all i wanna do is rip off your clothes ... i'm a pervert 
hates apple juice ! and cranberry juice ! 
i wish i couldve participated in Tube To Work Day 
i cunt speel fuk diss 
gaaah time for a chips and salsa binge !!!! 
wants some brass knuckles ... to take to shows 
shaved off the sides of my hair , i have a < PROPFEMALE > hawk , whatever that is . uh found out i like being hog-tied .... what's new . 
i want it to rain ... fuck this 95 bullshit 
gimme a second water heater 
you want me to kiss your ass , well bend over < PROPMALE > here comes my foot . ( pus and blisters sold seperately ) 
F is my favorite letter . i'm eating salsa dudes . sex and violence . 
must . finish . salsa . can't . fit . it . in . my . stummy . fuck . this . is . too . much . 
I DON'T WANT NO SATISFACTION I JUST WANNA GET SOME ACTION 
holy shit gbh is next week ! 
goodbye planet it's bed time . 
who wants a dvd of slc punk ? somehow i got two from amazon for the price of one . 
fucking my psychiatrist accidentally filled me a bottle of speed and i'm freaking the fuck out it's been in my house for a month and my parents found it ... holy fucking fuck . I WANT IT IN MY NOSE :( 
I still can't fathom how fucking good GBH was last night ! 
PS i'm sick again ... 
uh why does Emergen-C smell like shitty coke ? 
i hate being sick . i hate my friends being in jail . i hate waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get here . LIFE SUCKS , I GET OVER IT . 
i deleted my myspace . 
being sick is boring . i wish i could go to the wasteland tonight . fuck ... anyway , i know you guys all suck , but JJR punk fest , anybody ? 
my parents dont like that i go in mosh pits . i showed them the bruises on my knuckles from punching whatever or whoever i punched , and they said \careful you're gonna get punched back . \ " they dont understand that that is the point ... BROTHERLY VIOLENCE ! " 
i'm so FEVERRRR 
work is a four letter word , so give it up and dance 
do cough drops expire ? cuz this shit is hella sticky weird ! 
i need to cry but my eyes are constipated 
I CAN'T SLEEP MOTHERFUCKERS 
i'm coughing so much that i think i might choke on my cough drop 
i'm so goddamn bored that i'm shopping online . the LAST thing i need is to spend money on new docs ! 
the bruise on my face turned green . ew . 
Darling fascist bully-boy , \ 
Gimme some more money , you bastard . May the seed of your loin be fruitful in the belly of your woman . 
sooo .... guess i'm going to work today . byebye sick vacation 
my brothers Passat blew up today . 
damn i'm missing out on acudetox today . oh well . 
today was straight up fascinating . 
THREE HOURS ! 
no , google , i would not like the recipie for Spam Imperial Tortilla Sandwiches . 
time to pull out some facial hairs 
taylor : \oh the things i inherit from my father ... \ " me : \ " at least you didn't inherit the stick up his ass . \"" 
aaaw my poor sinus .... owie 
help help there is an earthquack EARTHQUACK EARTHQUACK 
i wish this summer would last forever ... but people leave . shit happens . 
\I know I like the aftertaste .... \"" 
LEFTOVER CRACK ?! THERE IS NO MORE ! 
is sick again , again . 
when summer's gone , where will we be ? 
i might lose my job because i've been getting sick so much . :( also i can't make jjr fest / no-coast because i need to get over this fever and rest . 
apparently i never recovered from strep . godfuckingdammit 
whore island : bffs only 
every time i open the SPAM folder in my gmail , there are ads for Spam recipies ... today it was Spam Swiss Pie . WTF 
think i broke one of my metatarsals ... left foot , second to smallest toe . i can't crack this toe and i really neeeed to ! 
i dont know whats wrong with everyone . i love picking my nose .... 
weeee spending money feels shitty but i have some patches coming from the internet . 
ANYONE who can kick it tonight lemme know . 
wasn't tagged in an album . 
finally registered for fall classes .... 13 credit hours - thats full time , while working a part time job , and trying to make it to meetings .... fml . 
time for some snuff . mmm . 
i want to be cozy . 
i need a bit of the old ultra violence 
is bored and has a bad headache ... shitty combo 
I KICK ASS FOR THE LORD ! .............. hadn't seen that movie in years . i still love it ! 
the blister on my foot kinda looks like a face ... ha 
it sucks to be depressed when all they play at work is sad whiney love songs . 
lost my phone ... fuck . 
regret nothing , learn from everything . 
i lost my phone and got a new sim card so if you haven't already , please message me your number . 
i'm bored , someone kick me ! HURRY 
i hate it when i get called in to work on my day off . 
three words for tomorrow . lower . class . brats . ................. FUCK YEAH 
may i see the buttock ? 
i am so fucking tired ..... so why am i on facebook ? 
when i get really fucking tired and i have a song stuck in my head , every thing i hear starts turning into that song ...... and i hardly slept last night so EVERY NOISE IN THE WORLD has become above the law - against all authority . 
i hate money ! 
so , it's official . i have a student < PROPFEMALE > . meerrrrrr debt . 
i really miss < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
nope it's not the cat that's got my tounge ........... 
somehow i lost my ( hoop ) nose ring in my sleep . weird , because i normally need both hands to get it out . 
it's too early to be alive 
you're like a dog going after a ball that was never thrown 
i cleaned my room \ 
thats how bored i was 
won fucking $500 in a goddamn raffle , yo ! SHITS GREAT , except that < PROPFIRST > Sargologos needs to call me . 
got the $500 check ! 
holy fuck sleeping is the shit . 
i wonder how i got the giant bruise on my arm ... 
bought a hookah . her name is < PROPFEMALE > . 
i hate waiting . 
i saw the coolest thing on the stairs by the bus stop today . it was a dead rat , and all the fur was still there , but it looked like it was melting away ... the flesh was gone , and you could see the bones ... but the FUR , man ! the FUR ! THE FUR WAS MELTING . 
school sucks . 
dont feel to good . going to get more antibiotics , AGAIN , for strep , AGAIN . round number fucking THREE . dammit . GO AWAY , YOU EVIL BACTERIA . 
part of rock creek ( some stupid townhouses ) is on fire and like 5 news vans and a couple helicopters are here . there is so much traffic man people in this town get BORED . 
i'm hungry .... but if i eat i'll puke :( 
got my first stick & poke . satanic tramp stamp ! 999 right on my ass cheek . 
omg , i have my heart fucking SET on moving into the winbro building . i just have to wait until january . 
I HATE waiting for items to ship . i want my no gods/ no managers backpatch NOW . 
... you wanna hold hands in the cemetery , and you wanna stay lost for all eternity , and everything is dark and kind of scary , and you crave the full < PROPFEMALE > , but i don't care ... 
fuck cancer . 
i am so excited to sleep ! goodnight . 
I eat babies , I like big butts , and there's a cum rag around my neck ... and I'm a Mormon 
i feel like my mind got hit by a bus ... fml . 
i'm too tired / anxious to go see the fire with my fam .... fuck mannn 
has strep again . goodnight . 
i am sick and all i want is a really spicy chai , along with blueberry pancakes . 
i'm sick ... i'm making a reishi brew ... i hope i get better in time to see the boyfriend ... blah ... 
doesnt wanna babysit tonight . 
what is the thrill in spamming ? 
to live is to be exhausted . 
drink a glass of water , you're drinking acid rain 
if you could be my only friend , I'd treasure all the time we spent . 
oh my fucking god . its seriously been four years since i broke up with him ... and he wants me back . all he is is a goddamn STALKER . FUCK man i hate this SHIT . WHY WON'T HE GO AWAY ?! 
finally started step four . 
when you grab ahold of me , tell me that i'll never be set free . 
i am so FUCKED for school . 
i'm earring LAMF . 
ouch my everything hurts . 
i made this bed - i'm gonna lie in it 
yay i did homework for once ! 
trip hop is so sexxxy . 
IT PUTS THE LOTION IN THE BASKET 
i'm tired of giving everything to people who can give nothing back ... and i'm tired of not being able to tell reality from emotions ... 
diggin the rain 
wow i have never seen a kid blow so many chunks in my life . long story short , work sucked today ... except for the part where i paged myself over the intercom . lol 
chai flan = :) 
i swear i held my own hand pretending it was yours ... 
omg nerds sound so tasty right now ... dunno why 
I CAN'T WAIT FOR BIRTHDAY CAKE . 
mmm = marzipan . birthday = satisfying . i = tired . 
355 forks in the drawer ... 
anyone from louisville/superior area going to the na dance tonight ? i'm looking for a ride . 
some lady offered me a ride to the poll . i guess i voted today , huh ? 
PLUR = People Look Ugly Rolling 
writers block sucks 
i hate being sick 
i never want to hear a doctor say \i don't know\ " again . " 
oh bitter jesus the precipitation is twisting in the wind creating some kind of strange WHATEVERNESS !!! 
i'm hungry but everything i eat feels like broken glass ..... 
boring status post 
i'm so sorry that you have to like that kind of music ... 
i think the default photo for females on this website looks like darth vader . 
i'm so bored that i'm sad 
Tehya Bubbleyumm Brown , I want to < PROPFEMALE > out with you . call me . 
bored before work . this sucks 
HEY EVERYBODY go check out the new collage i posted in my album Arts . 
if my sister's goldfish could talk , it would constantly be saying \momomomomomo \"" 
off to work . see you later , world . 
you say hippie , i say yippie . ( not as in i'm excited ) 
OMG YOU GUYS fortune cookies look like little hooves ! 
i'm gonna sit here and eat shitty chocolate , waiting for a phone call that i don't actually think is gonna come ... 
noooooner 
new tattoo ! swallow skeletons - chest piece . no pics yet sorry . 
you can go nanananana yourself . 
i wish people i've never met would stop friend requesting me . 
i am SO not looking forward to working today . in retail . today = black friday . fuck . 
holy shit i just remembered that last night i had a dream i was playing pokemon on gameboy color 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . \ 
The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , Dec 06 . \ 
Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status\ 
to invite your friends to do the same 
nap time ! 
i'm missing DRI . work til midnight . :( 
today my sister ( 7 years old ) asked my mom what the third leg on a male mannequin was ... LMFAO . 
tonight fucking sucks . 
i smelled my dog's butt once . 
MY NEW DOCS ARRIVED EARLY ! and circle jerks thursday ! 
i have a love/hate relationship with time . 
just bought adicts tickets !!! 
GOT MY SUBHUMANS/MDC TIX 
mornings suck big swollen asshole ! 
fresh outta the shower . in a really pissed off mood . probably because i used soap . 
i just saw < PROPMALE > Maes take a dump on < PROPMALE > thrash's stomach .... DAMN . 
OKAY , BED TIME . OR ELSE . 
must ... stay ... awake ... 
so you're saying my wife is dead ? ......... high five ! 
i think i'm coming down with a really bad case of the fuck-its . 
the sky turns green where i end , and you begin 
does anybody know the website for the < PROPMALE > ? google doesn't . 
ok just bought bad brains tickets . 
i hate getting hit on , especially at work . 
i want a cig , but the wind is blowin at 40mph ... 
so bummed that i'm missing sfh friday ... gotta work instead :( 
so glad i made it to < PROPFEMALE > fucking hipsters last night ! 
i think i know what's gonna happen . \ 
i just don't know what i'm gonna do about it . 
i might be sick . 
ugh so my parents think i hate them because i always ask them for money . 
i wanna get laser hair removal on my pubes !!! too bad im not < PROPMALE > . 
your promises don't mean shit . 
wow , it's SUCH a beautiful night ! 
ever feel like you miss the good old days ... and then realize there were none ? 
