finally decided to get a facebook 

wants it to rain very badly 
really doesnt wanna go to school tomarrow 
EATING A HUGE BAG OF TWIZZLERS :) :) :) 
wants ice cream 
< PROPFEMALE > Is Not A Virtue ... It Is A Waste Of Time 
likes long naps :) :) :) :) 
Salt and Vinegar chips . MMMMMMM :) :) 
loves shooting guns :) :) 
yaaaaaa !! dance !! 
whats on my mind ? it keeps asking me this 
is never gonna sleep tonight . life sucks 
now that shes back in the atmosphere , im afraid that she might think of me as plain old , change old , sorry bout a man who was too afraid to fly so never did land - train 
WooooooooooooooHoooooooooooooooooooo ! :) 
how does this thing work ?? 
An eventful day !! < PROPMALE > out with my friends all day , got new speakers and almost got in a car accident ! 
im gonna go running cuz its flippin amazing outside !! 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 2 DAYs ... you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get (: 
running in rain !!?... i think so ! 
choir concert at 7 or 7:30 ? 
... Yup . 
i never thought that i had any more to give pushing me so far here i am without you drink to all that we have lost , mistakes that we have made everything will change , love remains the same - < PROPMALE > rossdale 
AMAZING CHRISTMAS !! Got to talk with my brothers !!! :D 
this is a terrible day ... i just lost all my music :( 
what celebrity do i look like ?? anyone ?? 
Mmmmmmm !!!!!.... COOKIE DOUGH !!!!! 
Stop right there . Thats exactly where I lost it . See that line . Well I never should have crossed it . Stop right there . Well I never should have said That it's the very moment that I wish that I could take back . I'm sorry for the person I became . Im sorry that it took so long for me to change . I'm ready to be sure I never become that way again cause who I am hates who I've been . Who I am hates who I've been . relient k 
you know what sucks ?? 
1 month .... 1 month .... 1 month ... why are you taking so long to get ... time to sleep ... food ... HAMBURGERS !! 
LAST HIGH SCHOOL BAND CONCERT 
MORMON PROM WAS AWESOME !!!! soooo much better than school dances ! 
you know whats the best ? 
i got tp'd . grrrrr 
im angry . 
THANK YOU EVERYBODY !!!! IT WAS A GREAT DAY !!! 
awesome time hanging out with friends !!! great night 
pioneer trek was pretty much the funnest thing ive ever done ! 
does anybody have a copy of the marching band state championship show i can have ? or post it on facebook 
