thinks all the heat is making people at work crabby 

is looking forward to a day off ... 
is @ home with the 3 terrors 
is already tired of hearing about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
is napping with the kids 
is procrastinating 
i think i'll be in mourning for about 120 seconds for < PROPFIRST > mays 
is stoked for 2 days off 
will be home late tonite 
my back is killing me 
was surprised to find out we close an hour later now 
is nearly finished with book #4 
is safety conscious ( because I'm chipping at the glacier ) 
is happy things are going better with friends 
is watching movies allllll day-my day OFF 
is not looking forward to getting chewed out 4 labor 
is using a cane at this point because of the back 
ditched the cane , resorted to walking like a penguin ... seems to be working out 
Just got back from the fair with the kids ... not cool on the back ... esp the dragon roller coaster ! 
Grimmace ... WTF ? 
still loves \A Fish Called Wanda\ " ... classic ! " 
is looking for a back transplant 
ughhh ... 2 early 4 work ... 
nap time !!!!!!!!! 
reaaadddddyyyy 4 bedddd ... 
says : \he got hit in the kisser\ " Mari : \ " What's a kisser ? \ " me :\ " what do you think you kiss with ? \ " Jude :\ " a girl ? \"" 
is diggin ' the back brace , although my gut is now near my chest 
ok .... i had a new shot tonite , had a \y\ " and an \ " e\ " in the name ... something european i was told ... tasted like black licorice ... i'm ready 4 bed now " 
getting fat again 
got discharged from the hospital today , had lost a lot of blood so I got a transfusion , definitely feel bloated from all the saline , getting around is a little slow , but should be back to work on Monday 
apparently i'm NOT superman , and bleeding ulcers can kill you 
a couple days off ... maybe some fishing ? 
With a face like that , I think we have a new \Cover Girl \"" 
... tired ... so tired ... 
can't wait for school to start ... gotta get rid of the kids 
2 DAYS OFF !!! 
is cleaning , watching the kids , FBing , you know-multitasking ... 
thinks this ulcer diet is working 
genealogy stuff is fun but VERY frustrating sometimes ... 
Friday Fish , I've missed you , but we'll get together tonight ! 
Kids off to school , finally . And there was much rejoicing ... yay . 
it sure is quiet around here 
happy to see the fam again-especially the birthday girl 
had an uneventful but nice night at work ... went smooth 
thank you everybody ... now to go back to doing absolutely NOTHING for the rest of the day ! 
SPOON ! 
maybe fishing Wednesday ? 
can't quit the escape games ... ughhhh 
sleep is the only remedy for being sick 
da da da da dah ... I'm Lovin ' It ! 
says cross-dressing isn't a costume ... even if it IS Halloween ... very disturbing ... 
I'm missing my kids grow up :( 
disappointed to have missed lutefisk tonight 
is glad it's finally autumn weather 
Happy Veteran's Day ! Thank you to all the men and women that have and are protecting our country every day . Proud to be an American !!! 
is proud to support RMHC 
has decided to NEVER overindulge again ... bad things happen to good people and I don't remember anything 
is starting to get sick of getting the shaft 
was heartbroken watching Kaia get shots this morning 
wonders what they'll complain about this time 
is gearing up for TURKEY 
Let's see if I can do this again without all the drama 
i can't access my profile page ... what's up with that ??? 
sick of closing 
Drama starts with a capital M 
looking for 3 harnesses , 3 horseshoes , and 1 nail , as well as help to build my expanded chicken coop ... thanks ! 
only 3 harnesses and 3 horseshoes to go ! thanks everyone ! 
Brewers WIN !!! FuKu Cubs ! 
why do people call and not leave a message ? if it's that important , i'll call you back ... otherwise , don't expect a call 
Isn't it amazing that Obama STILL blames Bush for everything that's going wrong in his term ??? Grow some balls and take responsibility jackass !!! 
everything is fine ... please don't jump to conclusions 
mom's surgery started at 12:05 , should be done by 2 , please keep her and the surgeons in your prayers 
everything sounds good with mom , went to see her , should go home tomorrow or thursday 
< PROPFEMALE > turns 5 today ... wish her a happy birthday if you see her ! 
How's that Hope and Change workin ' out for ya ? 
thank you for all the birthday wishes ... they were very thoughtful 
How are you not embarrassed still driving around with that Obama bumper sticker ? 
Why is a day off from work never a day off ? 
anyone out there available to watch the kids for us so we can go out for a bit ?? 
a big thanks to my amazing , gorgeous , fantastic wife , < PROPFEMALE > , that let me go out last night to see an old friend . Then let me sleep until 1pm after getting in at 4:30 am . How'd I ever get so lucky . I'll never know .... I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
thinks it's time to fumigate the house ... sick of spider bites 
11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close , 11-8 , close ... don't know how much more of this I can take 
26 days ... 
25 days ... 
24 days ... 
23 days ... 
22 days ... 
21 days ... 
20 days ... 
19 Days ... 
18 days ... 
17 days ... 
16 days ... 
15 days ... 
curveball ... 2 weeks ... 
13 days ... 
12 days ... 
11 days ... 
10 days ... and on another note ... 21 days til < PROPFEMALE>'s 21st birthday \ 
<-- you're welcome , cuz , and I'll finish your countdown after Nov 2nd .... 
9 days ... 
8 days ... 
You have 1 week to decide which candidate(s ) to vote for . If you are against the way the current administration is taking our country , GO VOTE . If you are supportive of the current administration's actions , GO VOTE . If you complain about politics and you don't vote , SHUT YOUR PIE HOLE because your opinion doesn't even count ! 
6 days ... 
5 days ... vote or shut up about politics ... your choice ... 
4 days ... 
3 days ... 
2 days ... 
1 day ... 
Time to go get your vote on ! 
Brewers ' choice for skipper is Angels ' Roenicke . How ' bout that for politics ? 
11 days .... 
10 days ... 
So apparently I'm now labeled a racist because I didn't back Obama's agenda and vote democrat . 
MSNBC Suspends < PROPFIRST > Olbermann Indefinitely for Contributing to Democratic Campaigns ... hmmm another reason I gladly watch FOX News 
7 days ... 
dilemma ... go out for a bit , or stay in and watch tv alone until i fall asleep 
Yeah , I know , WRONG choice . 
5 days ... 
3 days , < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Veteran's Day ... thank a vet ! 
Party starts tomorrow ! 
Time's Up ! A very happy 21st birthday across the country to my cousin , < PROPFEMALE > , with love from our family ! 
Lutefisk , here I come ! 
I actually made it to church this morning ... and early , too ! 
still not done raking , but made progress . hope the leaf vacuum guys aren't done for the year 
That < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s full of shit 
Finally dropped off a HUGE mental load today ... things will be brighter 
I am thankful for my family :) 
|: 
yes , it's 3:33 am , leaving for work in 10 minutes ... sleep pattern ? what sleep pattern ? 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Nielsen ... you will be missed :( 
I <3 my wife 
there goes the sleeping pattern again ... 3:36 am and off to work in 5 minutes 
222 groups/businesses/UNIONS have gotten waivers and are now EXEMPT from Obamacare now ... hmmmm 
Funny how a person's political views makes someone de-friend you ... how childish . 
Get to have another EGD Monday morning ! Yea ! At least the drugs are great . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas ! Don't forget why we celebrate this special day . 
FML 
Tron tonight - show starts at 8:55 at < PROPMALE > on < PROPMALE > - who's with me ? 
Why does it feel that whatever I do turns out to be a big waste ? I'm DONE ! 
So , who wants to come over and watch the Packer game with me on Sunday ? I'm stuck with the kids and can't go anywhere . Anybody ? Anybody ? Bueller ? 
invitation still open , anyone want to come over and watch the game ? 52\ HD style " 
Put in < PROPMALE > Grossman !!! Who ? 
Lombardi trophy is coming home ! 
my monthly visitor never showed in December , i thought i was over it , guess who showed up last night ? something is seriously wrong with me and the doctors don't know crap ! 
Called in to work , still sick , went to the doc , have another GI appt next week . I wish i had a brain tumor ... at least i would know what was wrong with me !!! 
Anyone having a Superbowl party ? I need an excuse to make chili ! 
Pulling out my hair wondering WHY do i even bother with \small\ " home projects when it seems like my half-day projects turn into one-week projects ? " 
Enjoyed a great , nail-biting game last night , proud to be a Packer fan , they deserved it . Now , if the Bears would have been in the Superbowl , they would have gotten their A$$ES WHOOPED by a great Steelers team . Thanks for a great season ! 
Head gash + 3 staples + Pain = Long Day at Work 
No solid foods , only clear liquids until tomorrow night . Could this week get any better ? 
To celebrate < PROPFIRST>'s Day change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other and be sure to tell how long you have been together ! 
I support < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and what he is trying to do for the good of our great state of Wisconsin . That said , this will piss off about 90% of the people on my friends list right now ... so here's your < PROPMALE > to un-friend me for my opinions ... 
Shamrock shakes start Friday and I have off the whole weekend , thank God ! WOOHOO !!! 
So glad my kids go to private school , they already had Thursday off so we had it covered . No walk-outs here . 
3 days off !!! 3 days off !!! 
I think I'll go out and protest protesting , and then go for Friday night fish . 
Not sure if I really want to go back to work after a nice weekend off . 
No , you can't get a Shamrock Shake with chocolate ice cream . No , we can't make an exception just this once . 
FV peeps - I only need 2 more people to help with my barn raising . Go to my < PROPFEMALE > and scroll down till you find the barn raising link - should be dated Saturday ! Thanks ! 
2 balloons in his pants to give him a \booty\ " to show off " 
MRI day today ! Yay ! 
Anybody willing and able to watch our children Friday night 5:30 -8 and Saturday night 4-8 ? 
I love when you can use social media to see that the people that call in sick have let's say ... other plans than going to work . 
I'm lazy , I'm a racist , I'm an ignorant a-hole , I'm clueless , I'm a stupid conservative , I'm uneducated , I'm a gay-basher , I'm close-minded , I'm a hater , I'm foolish , I'm anti-Muslim , I'm anti-American ... did I leave anything out ? Feel free to add on to the continuing list . Sticks and stones ... bring it ! 
I don't un-friend people , I get un-friended . Who are the intolerant ones ? Not me . You can have your views whether I agree with them or not . I look past politics and look at the person . I don't un-friend Catholics because I'm not Catholic , I don't un-friend left-handed people because I'm not left-handed , I don't un-friend liberals because I'm not a liberal , etc ., etc . Again , who are the intolerant ones ? Not me . 
So , over the last 2 weeks , 4 sets of friends have had babies ... it's a good thing we didn't drink what they drank 9 months ago ! Congratulatios to them AND us ! 
off to bed ... another 4am to 2:30 shift ? i hope not 
Happy 38th Birthday to my Wonderful Mother ! I <3 You ! 
