I need that spark to get psyched back up , in order for me to pick my life back up 

u just never know 
I'm just so fucking depressed , I just can't seem to get out this slump If I could just get over this hump , but I need something to pull me out this dump I took my bruises , took my lumps , fell down and I got right back up But I need that spark to get psych 
Nobody asked for life to deal us with these bullshit hands we're dealt We gotta take these cards ourselves and flip em dont expect no help Now i could have either just stayed at home sit on my ass and pissed and moaned Or take this situation with which im 
I dont know how or why or when I ended up this position im in Im started to feel distant again 
.... 
So dark and so cold my friends don't know this other side of me There's a monster inside of me it's quite ugly and it frightens me But they can't see what I can see there's a vacancy in my tummy 
I know love , ' cause I've flown above and beyond , but it's still too long of a wait . 
tryin to make it 
long day at work gotta be up at 5 hittin the bed . ( cell phone is broke . ) 
when u loose everything you can find meaning in anything 
im sick and tired of you'll be fine . how do u know ? can u read minds ? 
Now i see the times they change Leaving us , it seems so strange I am hoping i can find Where to leave my hurt behind All the shit i seem to take All alone i seem to break I have lived the best i can Does this make me not a man ? 
Well this relationship fodder don't mean to bother nobody But Cupid's automatic musta fired multiple shots at her Because she fall in love too often that's what the matter At least I talk about it keep a pattern of flattery 
thinking about a certain someone . 
Life is good ! 
misses her .... 
I trust everyone . Its the devil inside them i dont tust . 
chillin and r.s. 
Phone is killed i can only receive calls plz dont txt i cant read em 
Phone is killed cant txt . 
drunk guy t boned the stang with an suv last night . I'm a little banged up but the stang will never move again 
I'm so pissed . My car being totaled is sinking in . if I did it I think it wouldn't be so bad but some idiot in a suv doesn't look and kills my baby . Now I'm to sore to work this week so I get to loose a paycheck to . 
I'm really sore from the wreck 
new pics of the stang wreck 
Missing her more than ever 
Whys it so hard to find a nice truck to buy ? 
Finally found a truck 
Missing someones voice right about now 
Still looking for a truck . If i dont find one soon im just gonna get another mustang . 
gotta find a vehicle tomorrow . 
What a day . Is it ever gonna end 
Wore down but not out . 
Time for some shut eye 
Gettin my truck in the morning . In bville for the night with no wheels . 
wishing I knew what god had planed for me . 
Got my truck finally . 
Loving the new truck and this beautiful day . This day is only missing one thing to be perfect . She knows who she is . 
a restless night thinking about her . Lord help me see what I need to do . 
Ever wake up feeling like something is wrong ? 
Loving the new truck and finally Headed back to work tomorrow . Lord show me the path you wish me to walk and < PROPMALE > me the courage to walk down it . 
Work today . Im up way to early . Get there at 5pm leave at 4 am . 
What a long day . Work brought back the sorness from the wreck and i just spent an hour looking for my snake who got out ... again . yesterday he was in my cabinet , today he was in my room on my dresser messing up my book collection lol . He wont get out again some wire and duct tape can fix any house hold problem ! 
Romans 14:8 if we live we live to the if we die we die to the lord . So whether we live or die we belong to the lord 
My mustang gets t boned then totaled out . I'm out two weeks worth of pay because of a medical leave from work . Bills are due . Wont see another check till the 21st . A piece of my back tooth chipped off standing at work somehow . But theres still a girl that can make me smile through all of it . Thank god for her because with out her this could have been a bad month . lol 
What I've felt , what I've known Sick and tired , I stand alone Could you be there ?, ' cause I'm the one who waits for you Or are you unforgiven too ? 
Just when u think things cant get any worse , the world proves u wrong . Iv never lost hope before but even i have a breaking point . I passed it up today . 
why couldn't I have been going one mph faster when I got t boned so it would have hit my door ? 
layin down to get some shut eye . wonder what goes wrong today ? maybe my luck will change . I wont say things can't get worse because iv yet to see any truth to that saying lol 
the hell of it is what we are We finish and wish we could start again Our skin tears away as Our memories fade with age And we don't even know ' til it's gone ? But everything just fell apart ' Cause everything just falls apart for me\ 
So woe is me It all falls apart you see So woe it me it all fell apart 
The world it just ain't right . \ 
It keeps me up at night . \ 
Try to be satisfied , \ 
but I'm still in love with you , \ 
but it's not like you want me to . 
I am no Superman I have no answers for you I am no hero oh that's forsure but I do know one thing , where you are is where I belong ... 
sometimes I feel so alone , I just don't know , feels like I been down this road before , So lonely and cold , It's like something takes over me , Soon as I go home and close the door , Kinda feels like < PROPFEMALE > vu , I wanna get away from this place I do , But I can't and I won't say I tried but I know that's a lie cause I don'tAnd why I just don't know ... 
haven't even went to sleep from work yet and some how i know when i get up this is gonna be one of the worst days iv had in awhile . trapped for 12 hours inside my mind with one overwhelming nightmare crushing down in to reality . Its almost the week end . I need about a , couple 30 beer for Friday alone lol 
FTW I'm going to sleep 
today is worse than I ever imagined . damn I need some beer 
at the dentist 
all u lucky school kids goin to the lake while a workin man at me wish's i could go back to them good ole days with the my main boys 
tired from work time to catch some sleep so I can get up and do it again tonight . 
Now I see the times they change . Leaving doesn't seem so strange . I am hoping I can find Where to leave my hurt behind . All the shit I seem to take . All alone I seem to break . I have lived the best I can . Does this make me not a man ? 
been off work for 2 hours and drunk already hell yea ! got work in 10 hours might drink 4 or 5 more and go to sleep but I doubt it lol 
5 and a half more hours and I'm done with amazon for the week . can't wait to get a beer in my hand 
chillin at Ruebin . ill be in bville tomorrow to get my drink on 
anyone up for the lake and beer later ? 
Lake yesterday with some good friends is exactly what i needed . the Jägermeister beer whiskey combo helped . Sawmill was pretty packed but still had a great time . time isn't wasted when your getting wasted 
about to go spend 11 hours at amazon then off till sunday 
about to have a root canal 
just had 3 shots in my gum . this is gonna suck 
turns out I don't numb easy had 7 shots before my root canal 
sittin at the house 
is it better to be smart or lucky ? 
should have listened to my instincts ... 
In bville for a little bit 
if something is to good to be true ..... 
headed to the line 
in booger woods with my boys and girls gettin tore dowwwwnnnn 
when life starts goin good start expecting the worse . 
life kills ... 
got tore down and went to watch the cage fights . nights startin off right . 
got a flat 
Chillin on a houseboat for the night . wish I didn't have work tomorrow 
wish I didn't have to get off this houseboat to go to amazon 
Pretty good day . work was fun somehow ... gonna be in b ville friday . my boys better get ready cause were gonna get tore down . 
in b ville 
dentist fucked my world up . have a huge gash in my gum cheek is swollen . not a good first day off 
I'm thinking sawmill tomorrow night 
headed to the sawmill to get wild 
at the sawmill droppin beer after beer watchin ufc 
Great night headed to work 
started full time at amazon 
headed to orientation 
I don't want to live To waste another day Underneath the shadow of mistakes I made 
And I just can't keep living this way So starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage I'm standing up , Imma face my demons I'm manning up , Imma hold my ground I've had enough , now I'm so fed up Time to put my life back together right now 
had a pretty good weekend now back to work 
be good or be good at it 
you can never break my stride You never slow the momentum ; at any moment I'm about to blow You'll never take my pride Killing the flow , slow venom and the opponent Is getting no mercy , < PROPFIRST > my words Ain't letting up , relentless I smell blood , I don't give a fuck , keep giving them hell Where was you when I fell and needed help up ? You get no love . 
So you can keep knocking , but won't knock me down . No love lost , no love found 
just got home from work and had a great night somehow . cant wait to see what the future will bring me . one thing i do know , it will bring a case or two of beer and a good time this weekeend 
headed off to amazon finish work for the week . 
Lovin taking off work for the night and gettin paid for it 
picked up 3 girls on the side of the road at 430 in the morning and took them home . my < PROPFEMALE > better be good for turning around lol 
when life gives you lemons , sell the damn lemons and buy some beer 
Moving for the 3rd time in 6 months lol 
gettin tore down with some great people in my new place 
Off work till sunday . About to go to sleep and party all weekend . no wait nevermind I'm gonna spend my whole check on bills again lol 
Gotta hate over sleeping and missing a dentist appointment . Was going to b ville today . not sure if ill make it today or not 
headed to bville 
gettin tore down with my girl . I'm lucky to have such a great girlfriend . 
One look and just one touch and I knew she was the girl for me . like no other I had seen . they say that I'm tripping but I know what I want . This girl here is different she got something that they dont 
In b ville gettin my gold crown put in . Can't wait to get back to c ville and see my beautiful girlfriend . 
Life couldn't be any better thx to my amazing girlfriend . 
I do whatever it takes when I'm with you I get shakes . My body aches when I ain't with you I have zero strength . There's no limit to how far I would go no boundaries no lengths . 
we were given two hands , two hold , two legs to walk , two eyes to see , two ears to listen but why only one heart ? because the other was given to someone else for us to find and iv found mine lol I love you < PROPFEMALE > 
My cup runneth psalms 23:5 thank you lord for blessing my life with the perfect girl , a home , and another day to love my life . 
you have been hacked by your girlfriend ! love you babe !! more than life ! :) 
laying in bed about to call it a day . having a bit of a problem falling asleep without my beautiful girlfriend in my arms . I love you babe . 
FML 
Ever feel like you'll never be enough ? 
gotta love McDonald's breakfast 
wtf am I supposed to do , whenever I think its about you , but no matter what i say , in some kinda impossible way , I seem to keep makin a mistake , its like a dream from which I cant seem to wake , I know it can't be to late , to prove us meeting was fate , iv known love and no when its fake , cause u get a feelin u cant seem to shake . and theen feelin is me 
sleep take me away , turn this night into day . when I wake ill see the light , but only briefly because I work at night . 
time to get about 4 hours of sleep . off work for 2 days hopefully see some of my boys from b ville and spend some time with my amazing girlfriend 
wore out from work about to go to bed . amazon has been fubar for 3 days so now I have overtime Thursday . good news is sawmill saturday to party more 21st b day down with all my old friends can't wait . love my girl now I'm goin to bed so I can wake up and see her . : ) 
Had a hell of a time at my party at the sawmill . didn't expect so many of my friends and family to be there . thanks everyone for gettin tore down with me and makin a memorable night . 
Life keeps throwing me curves but luckily I know how to use my ebrake . a roommate moved out over the weekend and shut off the power . don't have enough to make the deposit so candle lit b day tomorrow better be the the shit lol 
time for bed work was long . thinking about taking a vacation wendsday and spending a few days in b ville 
knock on the door hope isn't home , fates not around the lucks all gone . don't ask me what's wrong ask me what's right and ima tell you whats right 
I feel like iv done all that I can , but if I couldn't make you happy am I a man ? I can feel myself breakin back apart , I can feel the insanity start , to plant its seeds in my mind . roots spreading what's it find ? it gonna find I'm about to break its cage , bust out in an impossible rage . be cause I've done faced my demons , and my resolve they could not weaken . ima stay strong I can do no wrong 
ima take hold of this depression , court is now in session . will the jury be seated , this mans been mistreated . he's been chewed up and spit out , he's out of hope filled with doubt . 
FML I'm single again ...... 
heads killing me I finally fell asleep and all I did is dream about her . I can't stand her not being beside me right now when I need it most . how can this have happened . fml pray for me and her 
still can't sleep , eat , or think about anything else . I feel a migraine coming on . iv tried my best to treat her right and to be without her feels so wrong 
never got any sleep still can't eat . today feels like a nightmare from which I will not awake . I'm not sure how much more I can take 
still in a dream . at least now iv hurt enough to feel numb . 
still a mess but I have to go to work later . I need some prayers to pull myself together . I still love u < PROPFEMALE > .... 
romans 10:9 -13 love must be sincere . hate what is evil ; cling to what is good . be devoted to one another in brotherly love . honor one another above yourselves . never be lacking in zeal , but keep your spiritual fervor serving the lord . be joyful in hope , patient in affliction , faithful in prayer . 
o yea almost forgot I'm moving back to burkesville Wednesday 
I'm getting a little better . I can hold a little food down but trying to sleep in this bed without her is giving me nightmares . she won't take me back .... I'm sure of it now . I had everything I wanted just by being with her . But now that I'm nothing I can remake myself into whatever I want : ) 
romans 14:8 if we live , we live to the lord and if we die , we die to the lord . so whether we live or die we belong to the lord . 
What's on my mind ? the future . 
can't stop dreaming about her .... 
iv been trying so hard to ignore this feeling but the truth is I'm still just as in love . 
thank god for answered prayers . if I wasn't getting up around 4 then I believe I would get the best night of sleep iv had in awhile . its nice having your faith rewarded when u hear a prayer answered . it may not be the answer u prayed for but u know its the right one . 
moving in the morning 
about to start movin to b ville 
done moving to b ville . realizing now that everybody I know has moved away . 
wishing I could see a certain someone right about now 
beautiful day with a beautiful girl named < PROPFEMALE > in my mind . thank u lord for putting her in my life 
no matter what I do I feel like I mess up somehow 
on lunch break might get off early . god give me the strength to continue living with a smile when happiness seems to elude me . 
feeling like I'm backed up in a corner . how much do i have to go through before u can catch a break . 
thinking of how happy I once was not to long ago . 
I think everyone knows what I'm thinking about by now lol 
woke up tore up about her for some reason . iv been doing good but I guess not good enough . I'm headed to church . god plz calm the storm inside my heart 
had a great day now time for sleep . thank you lord for giving me everything I need to have a good day . I still have hope 
thank you lord for another great day 
just had an amazing dream of a past memory . 
you and me are the perfect team , when were together its like a dream . u make me smile and I make u wild . when im with u I feel like a child . because I become easy to please , but remember please don't tease . u love me or love me not , u stole cupids automatic and me u shot . 
not sure of anything anymore . I'm so damn confused . its amazing how fast things can turn on u . 
at the sawmill watchin the ufc ppv . thinkin of how much fun I had with her today . 
can't believe < PROPMALE > lost ... 
I'd do anything under this sun to get back what iv lost . this week would have been perfect if it wasn't for last night . idk whats gonna happen but either way ill never be the same . never take what time u get with someone for granted . 
ill do whatever it takes . when I'm with you I get the shakes . my body aches when I aint with you I have zero strength . there's no limit on how far I would go no boundaries no lengths why do we say that till we get that person we thinks , gonna be the one then once we get em its never the same . u want em when they don't want u 
I wasn't looking when I stumbled on to you must have been fate but so much is at stake . what the fuck does it take let's cut to the < PROPMALE > before the door shuts in your face . promise me if I cave in and break that I won't be makin a mistake 
just promise me you'll think of me every time you look up in the sky and see a < PROPFEMALE > .... 
I'm the logo on the < PROPFIRST > cowboy helmet . \ 
The < PROPFEMALE > , I'm not giving up til I get my respect , and I wont stop til I get enough , \ 
cuz I'm not livin up to my own expectations 
I'm stronger than you know ... 
I'm an idiot to think for a second that .... 
when I think I'm strong u make me weak ....... 
high off of love drunk from the hate its like I'm huffin paint and I love it the more I suffer . I suffocate then right before I'm about to drown she resuscitates me she fuckin hates me and I love it 
stick a fork in me because im done ...... 
today is fubar . fml 
theres no limit on how far i would go , no boundries no lenghts 
what's on my mind . a pig mask lol 
i dont want anything more than what iv already lost 
t 
wishing I could talk to a certain someone 
...... 
everything makes sense when your next to me 
so fucking confused . 
no matter how hard I try at the end of the day I'm faced with one undeniable truth . I still love her . 
nothing is better than hearing what you want to hear and knowing its true 
Finally installed the cd player that got myself for my birthday . Got it in september and it took this long to get in my damn truck lol 
its to late to see my other side . the day you walked out on me I nearly died . I don't know why I even tried . you said you would never hurt me but you fuckin lied , the disappointment I can no longer hide . now its to late to see the other side 
in b ville chillin with the bro . bawha 
just had 1 of those time machine moments where i wish i could take something back . or i would use it to relive the happiest couple months of my life over and over.id take the worst days days with her over the best days alone without hesitation . i wish i was the man i am becoming now back then . the only reason iv been able to change is because this had to happen . now i just need the < PROPMALE > to prove the reason it happend . 
at poor boys drinkin beer 
I miss her .... 
the best thing you can do is forget I exist ... I loved you until the very moment you said that . I'm surprised at how I feel so peaceful now . love or hate me it don't matter cause you will never forget me lol 
you can keep knockin but won't knock me down no love lost no love found 
about to head to b ville 
put 4 tires on the chevy yesterday and finally ordered some new contacts . Hittin the bar tonight im single and its time to mingle !! 
at the bar drinkin beer with some beautiful girls 
had a great night at the bar met some real cool people and had a blast dancing lol 
the truth is everyone is going to hurt you . you just have to find the one worth suffering for . < PROPMALE > Marley 
off for 3 days . headin to bed then off to burkesville to see what I can get into 
checkers is best played while skydiving 
life has a funny way of surprising you from time to time lol 
Eager to see what exactly god has in store for me . Life is good and it keeps gettin better . 
some days wouldn't be special if it wasn't for rain joy wouldn't feel so good if it wasn't for pain . death gotta to be easy cause life is hard . it'll leave you physically mentally and emotionally scared 
had a great time tonight after work gonna miss someone till sunday lol 
on my way to b ville 
rode the bull at the sawmill lol 
11 hours of amazon tonight ... shoot me now lol 
we can't stop here !!!..... this is bat country . fear and loathing 
not sure why but got off work at 5am and had a 5th of 40 creek down by 6 . missin the one in a billion rampage and dreadin work tommorow 
tired of the always being disappointed and takin advantage of so fuck it 
I know what I want I can't settle for less . spending time around her has been the best . My minds been racing I can get no rest , her heart so big she wear it on her chest . 
I am , what everybody in my past don't want me to be . Guess what ? I made it . I'm the mother fuckin man . I just want you to see , come take a look . don't gas me up I like runnin on E 
took a point time for crown budlight and jager 
just got a ticket for a damn yellow light . first ticket in forever . 
gettin my new tattoo . ill post a pic in a few hours when its done 
tattoo is finally done ill post a pic in a little while 
happy about my new tattoo . 4 hours and 27 needles shading it in ; ) 
still can't get out of bed ugh 
disappointed in myself for ever expecting my luck to change . seems happiness will always be out of my reach . it doesn't matter how good you are , when your name is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . I'm fed up with gettin fucked over . 
can't fuckin stand being lied to 
just went out on a limb , just a matter of time till it snaps . but who knows maybe it could hold 
bring on the number game 
23 : we really only met once at a band thing years ago . I remember me < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > actin wild as shit . also u choose the same number I just sent someone lol 
headed into work 
hope I didn't say the wrong thing at the wrong time to someone yesterday . I don't want to mess this up lol 
I like to smoke when I shoot the bird . A.T.H.F. 
hell of a party with my people from work . don't know what life will bring me but I don't give a fuck ill make the best of it like I always do 
There aint n o-o ne on this Earth right now I’d rmuch rather be\ 
Cause God-dammit I’m glad that I’m me\ 
I said if you could be where I’m at \ 
You’d wanna be you too\ 
If you felt the way I feel\ 
I bet you’d be in as good a mood as I am \ 
But you don’t ’cause you just feel like you 
loving life getin wild with my girl . things are looking better than ever 
half way done with amazon for the night . can't wait till 4 am comes around so I can clock out and go home to my great girlfriend and new puppy 
Am I an angel from the underworld or a demon from paradise 
