well i made it the entire night without a blackout so that was a nice turn of events . on the other hand had a woman in my bed last night and i wasn't in it myself . story of my life 

ask not for whom the school < PROPFEMALE > tolls , it tolls for thee 
the mind is a terrible thing to taste 
profound thoughts are tethered to insanity if i'm a liar and i say i am i would i not be 
i like tulips 
it's only through depriving your physical self that you feed your head 
i'm to tired and spent to even attempt writing anything that has even one iota of resonance 
without darkness for light to cut through , is the illumination not as glorious 
fun fact : a male chronic alcoholic undergoes feminization and tha female undergoes masculinization . joy 
< PROPMALE > bellemy from muse is an unlockable character in gh 5 
stoked to have gotten my a B on the first test I've taken in 13 years 
apparently nothing since i was completely oblivious to the fact that a girl in my class was fishing for a complement 
two whole days of gaming . yarrrrr 
and now i'm totally spent . tomorrow ... well we'll just have to see what happens 
i am the < PROPMALE > of jellybeans yay 
with a weight on my heart and a shadow in my soul ... there's no one in the world that i'd waste my time to know ... and it might be my loss but i really don't care ... cause nothing within nothing is the span of these years 
am tired of mixed messages on an epic level 
bah bah bahbah ba bah bah bahbah i wanna be sedated 
into the dark eyes of the past ... i will not be trapped ... into the mouth of insanity ... i will not be swallowed ... my ascent shall never slow ... as long as this inner fire it burns 
am getting a little nervous , want to get this over with , hate this part , to many different avenues of possibility , ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
chick never showed . chick never called WTF . this is why i don't put myself out there that often . 
love is a province of the brave 
all hallows < PROPFEMALE > will be upon us shortly . i couldn't be happier 
dealing with the aftermath of sheckie's brilliant stint as bartender for the night . it was totally worth it 
still can't get the images of what happened at the bach party out of my head and i don't wanna 
about to finally see where the wild things are . also i'm wondering is dragon age worth the 60$ 
alright all you aggros and emos once again we are coming upon friday . that means game day 2pm y'all 
so happy the weekends here now it's almost time to fark snarf up in d n d 
wondering where it's all going , this little life of mine 
why do i have this funny feeling i'm a c**t 
too many things are ricocheting inside my head and it's ripping my brain to shreds 
thinking i'm way to altruistic for my own good . FML 
well here's to the craziness we all know as the holidays . hopefully we'll all come out on the other side a little stronger and a lot wiser . besides what's a few more emotional scars ? 
i am in dire need of a four stam four strength leather belt 
i am this fucking close to becoming a monk and joining a monestary . at this point i wouldn't be missing out on a single damn thing . FMMFL 
just finished my case management project and am done with everything until finals . yay for me . school tonight . 
sicker than shit right now . this is the fourth time this year . my immune system is totally farked . 
it amazes me how much people fail to amaze me 
crashing like a mofo . d partook of a new energy drink that's bottled by Dr Pepper called venom . the shit has 80mg of caffeine plus all the other snarf you find in nrg drinks . the shit had me vibrating faster than a jackhammer 
done finally got through the first semester of city . what a relief . it's hard work pretending to be intelligent . now i can be my naturally tarded self til next semester . YAY !!! 
okay everybody , time to wish < PROPFIRST > a happy Birthday 
once again made a complete ass out of myself after a night of 3 man 
hoping his cold will be gone by new year's < PROPFEMALE > , if not fark it . and for those who are counting it's the sixth one i've had this year . FML 
alright . i'm starting to feel a < PROPMALE > bit better now . so i'll be good to go for some more liver abuse on new year's < PROPFEMALE > . fair warning , i make no promises to not be emo after i get a snootfull . it's just a natural state of being for me . 
indian food + massive amounts of alcohol tonight = god knows what but it's probably going to get messy 
after a long long weekend the time to chill out for me has finally come . oh but what's this that lies ahead of me . in one weeks time i will once again be cast into the pit of higher learning to make my way amongst the other's who wish to fill their brains with the myriad of knowledg that is available to those who are strong hearted enough . in other words my dear friends FML . 
the chill of winter has gripped my mind in it's taloned claw . icy tendrils writhe their way into my heart and there they nest until the thaw 
I BROKE A FARKING TOOTH 
totally mind farked Hammitt during D'n'D . it was a beautiful thing 
as amusing as insanity can be , at times it grows really farking tedious 
decided to quit smoking ... no for real this time . 
about to get down to the nitty gritty with some D , n , D . 
phalic humour during D , n , D never gets old 
enjoying a nice relaxing weekend before school starts 
not a good sign that i've got bad insomnia a few days before school . FML 
so last night i was contemplating what the opposite of fear is . after some time i came up with what i think is a good answer . so i ask you all what your theories might be . i'm interested if any of you will come up with a more appropriate answer than i . i truly believe it to be boredom . 
trying to psych myself up for school . pun intended . Yarrr 
first day of school down . interesting to say the least . am the only white boy to take african american studies . right now the vain in my head is pulsing to the tempo of a throbbing rave beat . and here i am without an E'd up girl rubbing on me . FML 
there are days when i don't know why i even made the effort to crawl out of bed . this is one of those days . in spades 
it's amazing how watching a good hack and slash is enough to lift the spirits after a totally farked up day . 
< PROPFIRST > brother Wii is the new crack . it leads to instant insanity . best game ever !!!!!!!! 
illumination is dependant upon the constancy of new questions . answers only allow the brain to get mired in a tarpit of surety 
Am enjoying this lovely lazy day by watching an old favorite : Boondock Saints . if you have not seen this epic film yet get thee to a rental place post haste 
my mind races like a feral beast attempting to run down the prey it is so intent upon . night holds no peace when the beast goes to bed hungry . 
i'm actually sitting here trying to come up with a witticism that will perfectly express the type of day i had . this was it . FML . 
it's been a year now that i've decided to take control of the wheel and direct my own path . it has not been easy but i have gotten passed a huge hurdle on the track that is my life . i know i'm mixing up \symbology\ " ( :P ) but i seem to only be full of these predictable axioms as of this hour . the fact of the matter is that i'm not who i was and i don't know who i'll end up being . i am alive and my eyes are open . " 
a true seeker of wisdom knows that it comes not from the answer but from the question 
\Hold your heart courageously and step into this dark place . Stand steadfast beside me and see that love is a province of the brave . \ " - TV On the Radio " 
Stuffy mushrooms + eel sushi + sake + free pitcher of Sapporo + good friends = a lovely feeling that everything is right in the world . 
just watched a movie called < PROPFEMALE > . it was basically a solo < PROPFIRST > Rockwell through the whole movie . it was awesome . 
you know it's funny sometimes how you can be having a totally mediocre day turn around when you recieve a loveky message from someone you love . :) 
well it's about that time . the weekend is just about over . school is as inevitable as me finding a sane woman is not . 
so these girls in my class called me < PROPFIRST > in front of my homeboy < PROPFIRST > . he told me it's cause i look like leisure suit < PROPFIRST > . this was not the case for them but now all my friends say this is my lookalike . you be the judge . 
three days in a row now i've woken up from the most perfectly beautiful dreams . i wake up and realize they were just dreams . this clarity is so crushing that it's all i can do not to cry . goddamnit i hate my dreams !!! =\\ 
just finished a take home test for psych . my brain hurts and i don't even know why . 
i farking hate V day !!! call me bitter if you must . 
yes indeed ladies and gentleman , it's official . i am once again struck with a miserable cold . i think this is the 7 one in a year . FML :( 
i am wishing for a quick death about now . way over did it at my friend's daughter's bday . too many bounce houses . add jousting sticks and boxing gloves and you get pwnd . 
saw two horrible movies in a row . 2012 has to be the worst disaster pic yet , and that's saying something . then saw The Box this was a movie that tried so hard to be incomprehensible that it actually suceeded . < PROPFIRST > Lynch it was not . sometimes you just can't win . Hollywood sucks . :( 
gettin ' ready for two days of serious funtime . may not come back the same . 
so , dinner with the gang in Kingsburg tonight . swedish pancakes saturday morn . lazer quest or maximum put put during the day . having no mercy for Angel on his 21st saturday night . sometimes life is good . :) 
the alcohol from last night combined with the totally superb pizza has been wreaking havoc on my bowels . still worth it though . wouldn't have done anything different . epic win for a party . 
my cuz just had her first kid . when my mom asked me what the baby looked like i said it looked like a baby ... i can't really tell the difference between one or another . is this bad ? 
i'm the only one who doesn't cry when cutting onions . so naturally i'm the onion cutting cat of the household . i never should have boasted on this fact . 
to get back to one's youth , one has merely to repeat one's follies . - O . Wilde 
happiness is a warm gun 
last night my bed became my enemy for the first time in a long time . the battle was epic . it lasted for seven hours and in the end i was victorious . 
no rest for the wicked and the righteous need none . i haven't yet figured out which of these descriptions is more fitting of me . 
i will not fear . fear is the mind killer . i will face my fear . i will let it pass through me . 
just bought myself a 31.5 inch sanyo and a next gen . PS3 . life is nice when you're able to treat yourself once in a great while . :D 
here's a riddle for y'all: If he saw the sawdust , he wouldn't have killed himself . ask away . 
yo , jus ' woke up . head feels like someone poured cement in it . i am sick . sick sick sick . FML 
i don't have a car . i've no girl to love . in need of a job . living in a place that is not my own . none of these things are why i'm feeling farked up . i wish it was though . because at least then i'd have something to fix in order to feel better . 
feelin ' good today . started it off right with a coupla mates at a sushi joint and came home to do the dishes and a little bit of cleaning so we can get our gamage on tonight . 
ready to have a good time at < PROPFEMALE>'s 23rd b-day party . swimming and food and liqour . i really hope i don't pull a < PROPMALE > Buckley and drown . 
so glad to be almost done w/ school . finals comin ' up quicklike but i've got no worries . feeling quite accomplished as of late . decided to stop playin it safe with the ladies and get my ass back in the game . carpe diem . 
oh what a wonderfully lazy sunday afternoon it is . the calm before the storm of finals . then it's job hunting i go to make ends meet til fall semester . yay . 
three finals down and one to go on thursday . got the digits of a chick i've been talking up this last semester . she seems intelligent , has a great personality and is not lacking in the physical attractiveness department . i think she's a little closer to my age , so hopefully no little games to bust through . where it goes from here is anybody's guess . 
just found out i got a D in my fucking psych class . wtf . i am not a happy boy . now i have to take the damn thing all over again . fuck my life !!!!!! 
risk is a funny thing . when it led to destructive behaviour on my part is was easier to partake of . now that it might have positive consequences it is really hard to get up the chutzpuh . 
so tomorrow is my final for my African American history class . feelin a < PROPMALE > nervous as it is going to be a written exam . the silver lining to tomorrow is that i've got a rendez vous set up with a chick from one of my Health Science classes . fingers crossed . 
finito . feels good to be done . totally misread the situation w/ the girl from one of my classes and made a fool of myself . Que sera sera . 
good food and good drink with good people . who could ask for a better sunday evening . 
now that i don't have classes for the entirety of the summer semester i've let myself slip into poor sleeping habits . i don't go to sleep until around 5 . i woke up only one hour ago . what am i doing to myself ? 
methinks my internal clock has become a timebomb 
i can't stand when people pronounce the word guillotine wrong . it irks me something fierce . actually anytime any word is mispronounced bugs the shit out of me . 
i think the reason idiots are so infuriating is because , deep down , we who are of above average intelligence are actually envious of their total incapability to realize just how messed up life can be 
yo !!! it's barbecue time !!! 
und now vee vait to play zee sree man . und zen vee get schiese vaced . 
having a really good time with a bunch of mates and getting fugucked up playing three man while listening to industrial . 
ahh . nothing like a good swim the day after gettin ' stupid with a bunch of my closest mates . 
am in the process of resetting my clock . haven't slept since waking up yesterday . me saying i feel like shite is a complete understatement . 
got my second wind and feeling good . keeping occupied by chores and Chapelle's Show . 
< PROPFIRST > called me up today . talk about out of the blue , yeah ? haven't heard from her since a little after the end of fall semester last year . as much as a like the idea of me and her hooking up i just don't think we're that compatable and i'm not that much of an asshole to hit and quit . 
if a Djinn came up to me and told me i could have but one wish , it would be to be rid of this damnable sinus headache that has been plagueing me for the last few days . 
is it wrong to want to devour an entire species thus bringing about their extinction and thereby gaining superiority of an entire world ? i think not !!! 
woke up today to sheer hell . < PROPFEMALE>'s neices decided to watch a Linkin Park concert . white boy rap + emo lyrics + mook rock dynamics = murderous thoughts coming immediately to the fore of my mind . 
After two hours of sleep i'm going to spend a little quality time with me mum . And just how are we doing this you ask . Oh , well by going to take care of some neglected errands I say . And what errands might these be you enquire . oh , by going down to the love mental health offices to see about a little piece of mind I say . Ha Ha Ha He He He Ho Ho Ho !!!! 
Just woke up . Feeling like shite . But everything , my friends is gonna be alright . I just have to prepare for the festivities that are going to ensue when Shahzad gets into town . Also i must remember to stay away from anything with rum . 
Stoked to be spending time with a couple of good mates for a pre birfday celebretion for me and a post birfday celebration for another . Much merriment will ensue . 
About to go oot < PROPFEMALE > get some Indian . Nom nom . 
ahhh , recuperation day . Had a blast . On the plus side i remember everything that happened . Done with the drink for a little while . 
Now I remeber why enrgy drinks and alcohol can be a double edged sword . 
My obsessive personality is getting the better of me . This is really poor timing seeing as how I have to get up at six - thirty in the a.m. to take care of some bidness . For my birfday I would ask only for a professionally administered frontal lobe lobotomy . Please , no back alley hack job . They might leave some grey matter behind . 
It's only One O ' Clock in the pm and I'm coompletely ready to be done with this day . 
Sometimes I make the mistake of looking up from what I'm focused on to get a look at the big picture . I know I should keep my head down and not worry about the greater whole but I get antsy and have to let my gaze roam . I'm about to turn 34 and it scares the hell out of me that I don't have a single thing sussed out . I wonder if I ever will . 
Opininons are like kittens , I was givin ' them away . 
Right , in 11 hours I will be 34 years old . Not quite sure about this aging thing . The passage of time gets to be a bit of a drag . Especially when you've pissed so many years away . 
I am now 34 . Never thought I'd actually live to see this day . 
Just came back from me mum's . She cooked me a brilliant birfday dinner . Crusted salmon filet , sweet potatoes and brocolli au gratin . On top of that a key lime birfday pie . I feel fat . :P 
Just got back from seeing < PROPMALE > of Persia . Quite an enjoyable little romp . 7 out of 10 . 
Withdrawing in disgust is not the same as apathy . 
Just watched Miyazaki's \ Castle in the Sky\ " . It was Absolutly brilliant . I love discovering older films by good directors . " 
The previous is totally not right !!! 
It's about that time to get back into the school frame of mind . No more staying up ' til the crack of < PROPFEMALE > and sleeping ' til one . Looking forward to it and dreading it all at once . Just one week and it's time to hit the books like they a red headed step chile . Word !! 
Shredding documents whilst listening to some 4am . Somehow this is perfect . 
Nostalgia probably has a great deal to do with the fact why I think the original Clash of the Titans is superior to the Remake . More than likely I would have thought the new one was a 5 < PROPFEMALE > pic if I were ten years old today . I Hope I had more discerning taste than this , though . 
Right , first week of school is passed . Only 17 more to go . I don't know what I was thinking when I signed up for PoliSci at 8 in the morn . Speech looks to be a fun class and as long as I restrict my tangents I should do great . I just hope my friend is able to add it . If not I won't have anyone to help me make fun of the people who are totally oblivious . 
So happy to finally get my Netflix account up and running again . Sooo many movies , so little time . 
Just got back from a nice little pub and now were gonna eat tortas . Friends are good to have . 
Breakfast for dinner . I call that a win ! 
Skool dun . Yaaay . 
One drives himself to lunacy when one seeks unattainable knowledge . 
Enjoying a lazy Saturday afternoon while listening to Sufjan 
Hurt people hurt people . 
A mad sinus headache just before I'm supposed to get some sleep . Waking up at 6 in the a.m. might be a little more difficult than usual . 
Ugh !!! Three hours of shut-eye was all to be had . Now it's off to classes . Wondering again why I chose PoliSci at the ungodly hour of eight in the morn . It would seem I'm a glutton for punishment . 
Just got some good sushi . More than a little disappointed when I didn't get carded after ordering a Guinness 
It's so muggy ! 
The next time one deems it appopriate to escort their towheaded tyke into an R rated film .... So help me , there will be blood !!!! 
I'm starting to remember why I checked out(even before my downward spiral)of society . 
The pollen was flying on campus today and now I'm having one of the worst allergy attacks I've had in a while . FML :( 
So , in my speech class I had to give an impromptu speech . The subject : What kind of hat would you use to catch butterflies and why . So now I pose this question to all of you . 
Gunna hole up in my room today , keep myself dosed on cold meds and watch a bunch of movies . 
\Happy is yhe man who penetrates the hidden causes of things . \"." 
Recently tried to sell a friend on < PROPFEMALE > , Caetano and < PROPFEMALE > . She wasn't buying . C'est la vie . 
Just found out my mom has congenital heart failure . She asked me to do some research on it . Hopefully with the right meds(ACEinhibitors , beta blockers and maybe digitalis)she'll be right as rain . 
Oftentimes I question my validity as a human being . Then I begin to querry what a human being actually is . Sure Gandhi , the Dalai Lama and < PROPMALE > Chavez were human , but , so were Menghella , < PROPMALE > Jones and Idi Amin . This line of thought just leads to more questions and thusly leaves me spent . 
Screw you , allergies !!! I've got my Claritan !!!! 
Totally procrastnated on a speech for class . It's due Thursday . It shouldn't be too hard , right ? 
Woke up with an extremely sore throat . So , either I've just been throat banged or I'm getting a cold . God I hope it's the former . 
it's official , I'm friggin ' sick . I still have to write and practice my speech for class tomorrow , so it's time to dose up on TheraFlu and get down to bidness . 
Ugh . Still sick . Head feels like an over-inflated tire . 
I am officially hooked on Red Dead Redemtion . I've been playing non stop since ten . 
My friend's niece had to watch an historically relevant film to do a report on . I'd asked her if she had seen Schindler's List yet . She replied in the negative so I took it upon myself to introduce her to the film . Needless to say we got pretty emo . 
Bonding through tough to watch movies is awesome . Some times in order to bond with another human being , you just have to have a good cry together 
Late last night I had a stranger follow me home from the park . I only did so because she is quite an atractive specimen . This beautiful creature ended up sharing my bed and kept me awake for most of the early morning . Unfortunately I am talking about a stray kitten . FML !!! 
In the time of chimpanzees , I was a monkey . 
Today is the day I get my bi-annual haircut . In my view , two times a year is too many . 
I got my hair cut . By a jumbo jet . It's not my problem . It's not my .... Problem . Whooo hooo 
Champagne for my real friends and real pain for my sham friends . 
I am become death , shatterer of worlds . 
Just woke up after a cat nap . Feeling like utter shite . Going back to bed . On a different note a bank robbery sounds about right at this very moment .... I miss me family . 
De-boning fish is fecking difficult . 
I've got four days to come up with my informative speech on Oppenheimer . All I really need to do is add some meat to the bones to take up 6 minutos . 
Can't wait for November to come around . Not only do I get to see my cuz , but I'm goin ' to tha City !!! 
Lazy day . I should be puttimg the finishing touches on my Oppenheimer speech but I'm not feeling motivated at all . 
I truly feel like this speech on Oppenheimer is going to be excelent . I just hope I don't get marbles in my mouth and fog in my head when it's time to actually recite it . 
I am now finished with my full sentence speaking outline for my Oppenheimer speech . Now to committ it to memory by holding a captive audience to practice on . Mwah hah hah ! 
Completely done wif me ' omework . Wot a joyous feelin ' et es . 
It's 4:50 in the a.m. and I'm still awake . Am in the middle of being an assistant in the making of homemade strawberry short cake . I don't even know if I'll have enough energy to eat it once it's done . YAWN !!!! 
Just got back from an exhausting day at school . Got 44 out of 48 on my speech , so I'm pleased with that . And to top the day off had an extremely productive psych study session with a cute little asian chick . She's a little younger than I am(25 ) but she's cool as hell . We'll see what happens . 
So the Captain < PROPFIRST > rum company wants me to hit like . I see that a couple of you out there have already done so . For those of you already in the know , you have your answer as to why I refuse to like this product . Finding yourself in makeup the morning after a blackout is NOT , I repeat , NOT fun !!!! 
Don't get me wrong , I love this weather , but the temperature change always has me waking up with packed sinuses . I swear I have a shit ton of snot coming out of my nose in the morning . 
About to get drunk off me arse playing three man . In a dress !!! 
Right !!! After a few AMF's quite drunk . Now I've been talked into visiting a local cemetary . The fact that I'm being bribed with clothes is totally unfair ! 
Ughhhhhhh ! 
Just got back from doing the vote thang . And yes I voted \YES\ " on prop 19 . I'm not a head anymore but I don't think our prisons should be full of people who got busted on a pot charge . " 
So prop 19 didn't pass . Big surprise . If I hear one pothead complain I think I'll go mental . I mean , come on ! You couldn't stay sober long enough to remember to vote or what ? 
I'm awake . Not happy about it , but there it is . 
Yesterday I found out that < PROPFIRST > , my 2nd mom , succumbed to cancer after a long battle . From the time I was a wee child til I was fourteen < PROPFIRST > was an integral figure in my life . She helped my mom raise me as my mom helped raise her son , < PROPFIRST > . She will be greatly missed by all that loved her . 
I know that my sorrow is self serving and that she's at peace now , it just hurts so goddamned bad . 
Had a really good time at a poetry slam with a great friend . Went there expecting to chill out and listen when I got shanghai'd into actually competing . Let me tell you the butterflies stated stirring due to the fact that I had to go up there unprepared after an eight year hiatus . I didn't win but it sure as hell stoked the creative flames . 
So It's not quite three o'clockand I just woke up . My shoulder's killing me . It pretty much kept me awake all last night . And that's with the aleve I was taking . I do not want to be awake right now . FML ! 
Killing my left hand playing Rock Band 3 . I've become such a nerd ! 
Holy crap !!! I've so much schoolwork to do this weekend . Calgon , take me away ! 
Ugh ! So lethargic . I've got schoolwork but my brain doesn't seem to want to turn on . 
My throat feels like I just gargled with whiskey and razor blades . Bad sign . 
I just got out of the shower only to find them watching Home Alone . It's times such as these that I'm thankful for having my own television and PS3 w/ Netflix streaming . 
\I didn't fall . The ground just needed a hug . \ " Oh to think like that of a child . " 
< PROPFIRST > Smith = snot factory 
Oh , Wow ! Here I am sick as hell and I just cooked the entire Thanksgiving dinner for my mom and some of the peeps in her neighborhood . On top of that I took care of cleaning duty as well . I'am busted down , worn out tired . 
I am thankful for being alive when there is no reason for it to be . 
Catching up on my < PROPMALE > almost makes me forget how miserable I feel . 
Still sick !!! Seriously thinking about playing hookie tomorrow . 
I feel as if I'm at a stand-still . What the hell am I doing ? This malaise is killing me inside . 
Sometimes I feel like a complete liar . I try so hard to come across as this intelligent guy and I wonder to myself ; Who am I fooling more ? 
Sometimes I feel like a rat in a maze trying to figure out why I keep getting the shock instead of the treat . 
I just want a friggin ' treat every now and then . Is that so wrong ! 
My attempt at resetting my internal clock has begun . The bad part is I've pulled an all nighter on the < PROPFEMALE > of my classes . This is usually the time I would be going to sleep . 
Succesfully made it through the day . No sleep til aroun 10 . I got mad props on my speech which was great seeing as how it was done sooo last minute . 
After just a couple hours of sleep I was woken up to watch The Sorcerer's Apprentice . I was not given an option . Back to bed ! 
Here it is 1 in the a.m. and the land of nod is cruelly eluding me . FML . 
Tomorrow we take over the world 
Have not slept a wink . Mind full of poetry and the future and school and girls and ............ 
Got a 90 on me persuasive speech ! 
Reality used to be a friend of mine . 
Getting some early morning cleaning done to help clear the mind . I find it quite therapeutic at times . 
Just got Nine in the mail . That's the musical , not the animated film . Tonight I embrace my feminine side ! 
So I'm watching \Nine\ " when it occurs to me that this is just a musical take on the Fellini classic \ " 8 1/2\ " . I'm a little puzzled as to why they called it \ " Nine \"" 
The jazz was great and the company was good . The only thing that would have made it brilliant would have been the inclusion of one more person . You know who you are . 
Feeling crappy due to the fact that I don't think I'll be able to see my fam on Christmas . The funds just aren't there . I know the bus tickets are only around 30 bucks but I'm broke . 
Now I'm ' appy !!! 
YES !!! Just got my clothes out of the dryer and all my socks match . I call that a win . 
I am totally fried ! Without even realizing it , I spent a marathon session of 12 hours playing Fallout : New Vegas . I'm going to crash now . 
I'm awake !!! 
The hamster wheel spins furiously . 
What is it with the word \hush\ " today ? I've already seen it twice . Is it making a comeback ? " 
My brain is going jingle jangle jingle !!! 
Yay !!! Finals week ! 
For all of you who think I'm a brilliant wordsmith(no pun intended ) , you should Know that I lost to three other players at scrabble ! 
Awake at last ! Finals done ! 
Got through 80 hours of Fallout : New Vegas only to realize I wasn't happy with the direction my charachter took . So ... I've started over ! 
Just got finished watching Legend of the Guardians : The Owls of Ga ' Hool . It reminded me what it was to be a child again . That undeniable sense of awe and wonder . Do Y'all selves a favour and see this pronto ! 
Just picked up me tickets to Turlock . $ more days til the family thang . 
So I'm watching \I'm Still Here\ " a documentary of < PROPMALE > Phoenix . Homeboy is seriously messed up . The cat is super talented at acting but totally disfuntional in all other areas . The fact that he pursued a career in hip hop and thought Diddy was gonna produce him is insane ! " 
It's just about time for me to get on the bus to Turlock . It is going to be so nice to see the Fam after so long . 
So , I finally got myself some therapy going . It looks as if I'm going to get a lot of help from what's referred to as \Dialectical Behaviour Therapy\ " It's basically going to help let go of the past and live in the present . " 
I've got the itis !!! 
I'm on zero sleep and I still don't know if I'm going to be able to add the classes I need . 
Holy crap !!! It's a good thing I'm finally getting therapy because the ish I'm going through to add all these classes is driving me to the brink ! Serenity now , serenity now , serenity now . 
Once more into the frey ! 
Mom's in the hospital w/ pneumonia . I'm a liitle concerned . 
The other day I had to explain the correct meaning and spelling of the word \austere\ " to the instructor in one of my classes . I hope I don't get punished in some form . I love words too much to let them be misused . " 
It is a brilliant day !!! Today I turned two years old . It's hard to believe it's been that long . It's funny how something that seemed like it would be the hardest thing to do has gotten me this far . Mad love to all those who've supported me in thoat dark time and helped me get through . 
So . I've come a long way . Then that voice that isn't really mine starts telling me I've got so much farther to go in order for me to lead a life of fulfilment . I'm trying sooo hard to live in the now but it's hard to give up some habits . 
' bout to get me hair dyed . Have not yet decided upon a colour . 
The breakthroughs just keep on coming ! 
Straight twisted ! 
I'm baaack . 
All your base are belong to us 
Went to therapy yesterday and did not recieve the validation I had expected . I thought it would be the best avenue to take . Apparently it would be a cop-out . FML . 
Nine is not a high enough number ! 
? 
Striving towards the ideal of radical acceptance . Understanding that no matter what happens , that was the way it was meant to be . 
Going to spend the entire day wif me girl . 
Just got back from an awesome night ! Got to catch True Grit , which we absolutely loved , and some great Chinese . Life is beautiful ! 
So many good things are happening . I'm in a brilliant relationship , an old friend is coming back to town and my niece is coming home ! 
Jus ' got finished making meself pretty . About to go out and enjoy ArtHop with my girl . 
Getting ready to have a time with a bunch of mates . Life is so unbelievably exciting right now ! 
Had an amazing time last night . Did it proper for a homies birthday , went dancing ( something I haven't enjoyed for some time , now ) , and played some pool . An altogether enjoyable experience . 
Let the healing begin 
I think I'm gonna be okay . 
I understand that forgiveness is a difficult thing to give . In some cases it's even harder to recieve , especially when you don't feel deserving . 
A full day of classes ahead of me . I need to focus and get my act together . 
Classes over . Lately there seems to be too many hours in the day ' til night rolls around . Sometimes I'm okay , sometimes not . If only I could turn back the clock . 
Feeling better day by day . It's not been easy . Letting go is a hard process . 
I've got so much clarity now , it's not even funny . 
God < PROPMALE > me the strength to change the things I can , the courage to accept the things I can't and the wisdom to know the difference . 
Just when you think you're done with something it rears it's ugly head to remind you that you were just fooling yourself . 
My subconscious has betrayed me . I used to wish that I could turn back the clock . Now , I just want to move it ahead . 
I am not giving up ! 
Going to church tomorrow wif me mum . After that , bible study wif me friends . I'm a bit nervous about the latter . 
So be it . 
Is in a good place . Closure is a beautiful thing . The realization that I was the strong one and didn't give up has done wonders for my self esteem . 
Just got a cell phone . Hit me up with all y'all's digits . 
