had a sad lunch today . I thought I was peeling a juicy orange , turns out it was a grapefruit . Yuck ! I still ate it , didn't want to waste food , but it took a whole packet of splenda . 

has 4 kids running around the house . :-P Add the two dogs and listen to the insanity . Good thing I have coffee . :-) 
took Connor to his first dentist appointment today . He screamed his head off while kicking and hitting . It was quite interesting . All the dentist did was look at his teeth and said she was done . I thought they cleaned teeth still . Maybe next time . 
is blah ... I want to go do something fun with the kids because < PROPMALE > is off today , but it's cold and raining ... I have no motivation to leave the house . 
is annoyed ... Anja decided to have a party with the garbage all over the house while we were sleeping ... what a mess ! 
I left < PROPFEMALE > out of her cage when I went to the gym this morning , like I do most mornings and she destroyed < PROPMALE > Ramsey's book . It wasn't even out , and I was only gone for an hour ! So much for a total money makeover . She also ate all of the paperwork from our driveway that we had done in April . I'll never know why she specifically went after those things , I had a perfectly new yellow pages sitting next to them . Ugh ! 
I'm watching the news and it's 34 degrees outside with a \feels like\ " of 23 ! No wonder I'm freezing after my morning run . " 
is looking forward to the Jingle < PROPFEMALE > run on Sunday !! 
is a Christian and proud to say it ! Let's see how many people on Facebook aren't afraid to show their love for God ! Repost this as your status . Each time you see this on someone's status , say a quick prayer for that person . Let's get God back in this country like He should be . If you agree , post this in your status update . 
just gave both of the dogs a bath in the tub . What a mess !! I hope the drain still works . :-O They are locked in the kitchen until they dry . 
wonders if she's a bad wife for thinking it's slightly humorous that her hubby got hit by a bus ...... 
go Pack go ! WOOOOOHOOOO ! 
So , I was dreading seeing the dentist today , but tomorrow will be worse . I have to have all four wisdom teeth removed at 9am . The surgeon told me that I won't want to do anything for the next three days besides sleep , and I won't be able to run for the next week or two . The only reason they have to be removed is because my mouth is too small for them . ( really , MY mouth is too small ? ) 
is in insane amounts of pain . The surgeon had a hard time getting the teeth out , said that he doubts I'll ever have osteoporosis because how incredibly dense my teeth are . He ended up leaving some roots in because he just couldn't get it out . I will possibly have some nerve damage , he saw/touched the nerve & said that it may leave my jaw numb . He hopes that if I have nerve damage that it will be better eventually . 
just saw the dentist because of awful pain & a crooked mouth that I couldn't open wide enough for a toothbrush . He said that I'm healing/recovering faster than he expected . The pins&needles that I feel where the nerve damage was done is good , that means the nerve is fixing it's self . He told me to find some hard , stale bazooka bubble gum&chew on it to get my jaw working again . That's good news , I guess . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I'm thankful for many of the usual things : family , friends , house , situation in life , my dogs , and plenty more . I'm especially thankful for the newest development in my life ......... my mouth doesn't hurt at the moment ! I still have numbness , but I don't have awful pain . :-D 
My kids are trying to bite eachother . The sound of it is something else . If I put down the computer I might just blow . 
woke up happy that the snow isn't deep yet . I really dislike clearing the driveway before taking < PROPMALE > to school ... and I don't have to today !!!!!! :-D 
is excited to watch Prep & Landing tonight with the kids . I have sugar cookies in the oven and water boiling for hot chocolate ! It should be a good night with my boys . :-) 
I had four inches of slushy in my driveway this morning , but it wasn't flavored :( I did my driveway , my neighbor's driveway , and now I have to wait until < PROPFIRST > wakes up so I can go to my < PROPFEMALE>'s house and do hers . Humm ... I think I'll go watch cartoons and drink coffee until then . Good luck to everyone who lost power last night . Hope you get it back sooner than expected . 
My car decided it wants tires for Christmas ... third flat tire today . I changed on on the hottest day this year by myself , today was frigid cold , but at least I didn't have to do it by myself , I was < PROPFIRST>'s assistant . Tomorrow I'll take her to < PROPFIRST>'s Club and pick out a new set , then maybe she'll be happy . If she's good I'll treat her to an oil change when she's done . 
I have a sick son today . :-( I stayed home from church with him , but I have totally awesome parents who live only a mile from me that took my other little guy this morning . :-) 
city of Milwaukee property taxes make me want to vomit !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is highly frustrated/frazzled today ! Although , I'm looking forward to a fun night with family at The Streets Of Bethlehem . 
The kids are feeling better = YAY ! They are now fighting like cats and dogs = BOOO ! :-) 
My kids were nice enough to share with me . I'm sick with what they had . I hope it doesn't last too long . 
I love starting the day with a good run . :-) Now I'm waiting for my coffee , then a shower , then I'm spending the morning with my mom , my boys and my nieces . Should be a fabulous day . :-D 
** SIGH ! ** ( Yup , that's all I got left ! ) 
Ok , so I did have a little left in me . I had enough left to realize that it's hard to teach a kid that if you have to lie about it ... it's just wrong and you shouldn't do it , especially many adults I know haven't learned that yet . :-/ 
I'm tired and sick . I ran this morning for a few < PROPMALE > , and I will do P90x at some point today , I'm just trying to decide if I should go to the gym at 11 . I already have a child care appointment for Connor , but maybe I should just stick to two workouts today and work on feeling better ... what to do ? what to do ? 
I'm totally bummed . I was cleaning the carpet , then I heard a loud squeal , turned it off and then I smelt it ... the belt went :( I have a 1/2 clean carpet and a stinky , rubber-burning smell in my living room . Well , I suppose a 1/2 clean carpet is better than a totally dirty one : - ? 
As much as it annoys me that MPD has furlough days ... I'm super excited to have an \extra\ " day with my hunny this week . :) " 
Oh boy ... Dylan has a friend spending the night ... I'm so tired ... these kids seem like they have at least another 400 hours of energy left . Yawn .... maybe they'll fall asleep soon ? 
Ever have a day when everything , every small detail , completely stresses you out , but you know that tomorrow you'll wonder why you were so stressed ? Yep , that's today ... 
It should be a great day ! Good workout this morning , good coffee in a few minutes , P90X after taking < PROPMALE > to school , get to see the in-laws later , and the one week countdown til < PROPFIRST>'s and my anniversary vacation is on ! 
It's been a long day ... but I'm looking forward to the first Shielded Hearts \Prayer and Pizza Night\ " . It should be very enjoyable . :) " 
The day after tomorrow :) I can't wait to be in Disney ! I will miss the kids , but I'm going to enjoy alone time with my hubby . Thanks to my fabulous family for taking care of the kids and the dogs for us ... I know they will all have fun with out us too . 
I went for a run this morning , < PROPFIRST > is off today and we have a date planned for tomorrow . Life is good ! < PROPFIRST > signed me up for a 1/2 marathon in September ... time to get serious about the running . 
I'm super excited about my date tonight ! 
totally bummed . I was on the way to church with the kids , 1/2 way there Connor coughed & \stuff\ " came out of his mouth & landed on his coat and pants . We went back home to change and he threw a fit about not being able to wear his outfit or coat . We tried to get back in the car and go late ... but then I realized that we would be 30 < PROPFEMALE > late ... being that late what's the point . I guess we will try again for 2nd service . " 
Well , we made it to second service ! Yay ! Now it's time to do some online shopping . < PROPFIRST > told me he wanted me to spend some $$$ on new clothing . :) 
Any police couples out there want to go on a date night next Saturday night : to go shooting and out for pizza ? Shielded Hearts has organized the evening and there are a few spots left . 
Things I have learned tonight ... don't cross your fingers while shooting a gun , < PROPFEMALE > forward , ear protection is important , don't point down when pulling the trigger , gun powder and shooting can start a fire , lasers on guns are nice , gun powder makes hands feel dirty , and most importantly casings are VERY hot when they land in one's cleavage , cover up the puppies so they don't get a bullet shaped burn . 
even though I can't see it , even though I don't always understand it ... I will walk by faith and give thanks in all circumstances ... this is God's will and not my own . 
is wondering why she bothers cleaning the house ~ the kids get up every day with the goal of making it look like it hasn't been touched in weeks ... 
Dear identity thief , I dislike you more than words can express . I hope she likes the flowers I paid for . That's all ... have a nice day ! 
doesn't want < PROPFIRST > to go to work today . 
It was a great day ! I should probably stop drinking coffee so I can go to bed at some point tonight . :) 
Today is my baby boy's 4th birthday . I'm looking forward to a fun day with him . :) Best part , his daddy was able to work it out to have the day off so he can spend time with him too . 
I'm so happy , I just had my first outside run on the year . :) It was a little chilly for the first 5 minutes , then it was awesome ! 
I have a very sassy < PROPMALE > Shepherd ... Dan took his shirt off last night and left it on the couch . Well , It had a pack of gum in it and < PROPFEMALE > decided that she wanted some ... she ate all of the gum and a small part of the shirt . He's going to be upset when he wakes up . :( Maybe she's trying to teach us all to put our stuff away . 
I had a very enjoyable day outside ... early morning run , mid day took the dogs for a walk , and ended it with an evening bike ride to the lake and back with my hunny , the boys and < PROPFIRST>'s cousin . I love nice days ! :) 
Another great day ! Woke up at 4:50 , did P90X , packed for sleepovers ( thnx < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > ) , took < PROPMALE > to school , made my egg white omelet w/veggies , now I'm going to shower , take Connor to the dr for his check up . After that I'm going to get paid to wash old people hair , then more errands . Later I'm going to drop Connor off to my MIL so < PROPFIRST > & I can go on a date . My FIL even offered to take Connor early ! 
thanks facebook , you are successfully boring enough tonight to convince me to go do \woman's work \"!" 
I have to laugh , I see quite a few posts every week about dreading/hating Monday . I LOVE MONDAYS ! It's a start of a new week , I actually work on Mondays , and it's only a few days away from my hubby having an off day . The only bummer about Monday is I don't always get a good workout squeezed in . 
Today is supposed to be beautiful ! I went for a fantastic early morning run . I'm going to meet up with a new friend today for a cup of coffee . After that I may go for a bike ride with Connor because it's supposed to be such a nice day . ( more woman's work later tonight too ) Good luck to my family and friends who have interviews today , I hope you land the job , and get more $$$ than the last job . 
Great day so far ... after my run and meeting with my new friend ( who is super cool ) , I came home and went for a bike ride with my cousin in law , even went to lunch together ( thanks Jen :) , now I'm off to sign < PROPMALE > up for swim classes , and before I know it , I will be putting the kids to bed and maybe , just maybe , I'll be able to finish my house work today . 
I had a wonderful ( unplanned ) dinner with my friend Jacey tonight . It was a terrific end to a fabulous day ! The kids are tucked in bed now , I'm watching Biggest Loser and American Idol and going to FINALLY get all of the laundry finished . Should be done by 9 so I can get to bed for another early morning work out . :) 
I went on a really fun bike ride with my family tonight . < PROPFIRST>'s cousins joined us too . After riding around we stopped at the sub shop for dinner , and then came home and tucked the kids in bed ... Connor was so tired that he fell asleep in the bike trailer . :) I'm totally thrilled that it's getting nice out ! :-D 
I'm so frustrated I think I might just blow ! : -0 LOL ugh ! 
~ sigh ~ sometimes I just don't get it . 
It is GEORGEOUS outside !!!! I just got home from running , it was the first time this year that I wasn't freezing when I started . I love it ! Morning runs are wonderful alone , but when it's 53 outside it's fabulous . :) woohoo ! 
is working on a meal plan for the next two weeks . Anyone want to send me theirs so I can be done already ? 
Another beautiful day ! I really like this weather for running . :) 
Happy Easter everyone ! 
Why didn't I look at the weather forecast before spending so much time on the car today ? Guess it's time to go work on the inside of the house ... that won't get rained on at least , but the kids will mess it again when they wake up . Mommy bliss ..... :) 
Well , my morning run was a lot more interesting than usual . Mom and I heard a loud noise then we heard scraping , looked up and saw a car flipping another car . Mom called 911 and I went running to it . No one was inside the hit car , but the other one took off down the street and parked a block away , then it burst into flames . Cops were there in less than two minutes . Great job St. < PROPFIRST > police and FD ! 
Just got home from McDonald's . I took < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and Connor there for ice cream and to let them play ( most wonderful couple of hours , I enjoyed coffee and an entire magazine ) . While there they \found love\ " < that's what they called it > LOL some girl was chasing them around and blowing kisses the whole time . It was way too cute . " 
I REALLY wish I had a video camera to record these crazy boys playing their own version of rock band . No TV , no radio , nothing , they are making up their own words and using random objects from all over the house pretending they are instruments . 
To my Catholic friends ... I need suggestions of what to give to a girl for her first communion . She is the daughter of a newer friend of mine and I'm unsure of what I should give . Thanks ! :) 
on the kitchen counter . 
is thinking about firing coffee ... it's obviously not doing a good job ... I'm EXHAUSTED ... and I've consumed copious amounts today . 
Some days are just harder than others . I'm going to bed now in hopes that tomorrow comes quickly . 
I quit Farmville ... they require my email address to continue to play and I don't like to be bullied into doing anything . Sorry neighbors . 
The Children's Resale it tomorrow ! It's located at GREENDALE HIGH SCHOOL MPR ( Upper Level ) . TIME OF SALE : 8:00 - 11:00 ( Closed from 11:00 - 12:00 for reorganization ) 1/2 price sale 12:00 - 2:00 . Kids aren't allowed until after 10 and strollers can not be used inside . This sale is awesome ... it's basically a rummage sale with over 120 sellers . Check it out ! :) 
I'm having a great start to my day :) Good run , good company on the run , great cup of coffee , free news paper on my porch , the birds are singing , the sun is shining ... happy Tuesday everyone ! :) 
My computer shut down during the restore of my iPhone . I lost all of my contacts and phone < PROPFIRST > because iTunes deleted my account when that happened . Please send me your phone < PROPFIRST > and addresses and emails . Thanks . ( even if you think I know your number ... I probably don't , so please send it ) 
I talked to apple support today and they told me all of my information is a total loss . I will not be able to get anything back ... SO , if I made plans with you , let me know ... I have NONE of my calendar dates :( I don't have phone < PROPFIRST > and email address either . Wow ... I never realized how dependant I was on that little device . 
Either my friends hate me and are deleting my comments today , or technology hates me . Seriously ... this is getting lame . 
It's really hard to dislike a dreary day like this when one spends a little time outside . I wasn't thrilled with the weather , then I went for a three mile run and realized that it wasn't really all that bad . It's all what one makes of it ... and today I want to make it a good one . :) 
WOW ! my kids and dogs are just insane today ! It's like WWE smackdown in here ( well , it's been at least 8 years since I watched last ... but I'd imagine it hasn't changed much ) it's total tag team between the boys and dogs . What's the deal ? Did the big ball of light in the sky make them all go mad ? Sheesh ! At least it's almost bed time . ;) 
Ever wake up and have a feeling that it's going to be a good day ? I don't have anything special going on today ... but it just feels like it's going to be fabulous ! Happy Monday everyone !!! :) 
I am totally bummed ... I was washing my Forester and noticed that the windshield is cracked along the bottom . :( BOO 
had a wonderful weekend with my family ... my brother , his kids , my parents , and my family all went to Country Springs to celebrate my mom's birthday . When we came home we went running by the lake and then had a cook out by my parent's house . Thanks to one of the best cousin-in-laws ever for watching my dogs . :) 
my dryer is making a strange screaming noise ... that can't be good . 
How to punish a kid who broke something that costs nearly $1000 to replace and they did it \to help\ " ...... :( " 
I want grilled food ... I'm not good at grilling .... Dan is gone ... pretty sure he's eating grilled food ... hummmmm .... 
A friend of mine is looking for a house/duplex to rent in Milwaukee in a good area ... 2+ bedrooms and dog friendly . If you have something available please let me know and I'll pass it on . Thanks ! 
I have the best hubby and in-laws ! They fixed my blinds :-D I'm so excited that I will now be able to close them ! ( I had one in the kitchen that was broken too ... and they fixed it ) 
Happy Memorial Day ! Thanks to all veterans for their service to our great country . :) 
is praying for the family and friends of the Hartford police officer who lost his life yesterday . Please pray for them as well . 
I went to see the doc today about my leg pain , I can't run for two weeks , have to go to physical therapy and got prescription strength ibuprofen . If I wake up with a bruise tomorrow , or a harder time walking , I will have to go for a MRI . Let's hope it just starts to feel better on it's own and I didn't actually tear anything completely in half . :) 
I woke to a loud bang , I thought someone had been shot . I ran to the window & looked out , hoped I'd catch a glimpse of the bad guy ... nothing . My neighbor called me & asked if I knew what happened . I said no . Then we realized we were with out power . Turns out a squirrel decided to look in the transformer box & blew it up . Anyone up for some fried squirrel ? Hot and ready in the back yard now , come before the flies do ! :) 
I'm sick of sitting home with my leg up ... I want to go for a bike ride , a run , a walk , shopping , or something . I'm really having a hard time being sedentary ... it's making me cranky . I really hope I can keep myself healthy and I am still active when I'm old . I have a new understanding and empathy for my \nana\ " who is wheel chair bound . " 
< PROPFIRST > finished his first tri today !!! I'm so proud of him , he did a great job ! :) I'll post pictures of him later . 
I went to PT today and am pretty excited ... I was given some exercises and stretching to do , I can start riding my bike again and I get to go back twice a week until I can start running . ( which will hopefully be in a week or two ) Best of all , I get a good rub down every time I go ( even though it hurts when she's done ) YAY for me ! :) 
I'm considering starting a cleaning business . I am looking for help with a name . I like maid by design , maid to order , custom maid , and other like that , but they are all taken . Does anyone have any suggestions ? I will probably offer things other than just cleaning . I take care of a lady who has me doing her shopping , cleaning , yard work , random little repairs around the house and more . Any suggestions ? 
Pretty excited , < PROPMALE > is playing 3rd base :) 
I really enjoyed my PT today ! She worked me like crazy , made my leg hurt more than it has in awhile and then gave me a massage . It's pretty sore at the moment ... and I see new bruising , but she's going to have me run for five minutes on Thursday !!! I can't wait ! :) 
I'm watching my nieces today , I don't trust all four kds in the back yard alone , so I figured I'd try tanning the old fashion way . :) 
I just had a wonderful night at Prayer and Pizza with some fantastic , fun women . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for hosting !!! I can't wait until the next one . The ride home was quite entertaining too , fireworks and lightening ... the boys were excited to see it all . :) 
< PROPMALE>'s baseball game was cancelled early because of the thunder , lightening , and tornado possibilities ... his team was down by one ... they could have won ! :) Oh well , at least I'll have them in bed before 10 tonight . 
I love how \busy\ " facebook is right now ... nothing like a good storm to get everyone on the computer . :) " 
I really wanted to get to 2 < PROPMALE > today , but my leg got really tight and I didn't want to hurt anything ( again ) . 
Wow ... Provincetown , Massachusetts now has condoms available to ALL STUDENTS K4-12th grade . REALLY ?!?!?! What's wrong with that picture ? Really .... K4 ? I wonder what is next ? It makes me sick to think about it . 
I have really itchy sinuses right now ... I'm guessing it's because I cut < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s grass , my parents ' grass , my grass and my bushes today . It was such a nice day to do it ... now to the housework on the inside ... :) 
Yay ! I made it two < PROPMALE > with out stopping today :) Hopefully I'll be back on my marathon training schedule in a week or two . 
I was in a hurry and decided it would be quickest to curl my hair ... well , I didn't notice that one of my wonderful boys got tooth paste all over it until AFTER I had already started using it ... it is not easy to get cooked tooth paste out of one's hair . :( It gets really hard and makes a huge knot . 
We took the kids to the drive in yesterday , it was so much fun ! On the way home when the clock hit midnight , I pulled over and < PROPMALE > got to remove his booster seat ... he sat like an adult ... it was so sad for me ... my baby is growing up ! He's EIGHT today ! No more car seat , I can't imagine what it'll feel like in another eight years and I have to let him in the driver's seat . Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > !!! 
Happy Fourth of July ! Have a happy and safe day everyone ! :) 
Wow , it is torture sitting in the doctor's office waiting for < PROPFEMALE > . It isn't usually this bad , but I really could use a cup of coffee and a good magazine to pass the time . 
*** Shielded Hearts MEMBERS *** I'm heading to Konkel park later this week with < PROPFEMALE > . Check out the member's < PROPFEMALE > for details if you want to join us . I was inviting everyone individually , then I realized this would be easier . LOL :) 
One month ago I asked for help naming my business . I think I have found a name ... I have to make sure it's not in use anywhere ( I've checked the Internet , but need to check the LLC registry or whatever it's called ) . Hopefully I'll be in business soon . I'll announce the name once I know for sure it's mine . Wish me luck ! :) 
Finally on our way camping !! :) one small disaster after another this morning , running one and a half hours late , but it will be totally worth it once we are there enjoying each other and some great friends . Thanks to the most wonderful in-laws ever for watching our dogs and house ! :) 
Having an awesome time camping with my hubby and boys <3 This is the first time ever I left the make up bag home : -0 lol and I like it :-) 
Today I learned what it is like to take down a tent in a storm . It's a totally fun adventure . LOL especially when there's 2-3 inches of standing water where the tent is . 
Yay , we made it through all of that crazy traffic in Milwaukee . We are on our way up north for a few days , then we head to IL for muddy < PROPMALE > this weekend . Thanks to the best mother and father in law in the world for watching over our house and animals while we are gone !! :) <3 
I had an fabulous time on vacation in Mountain , WI this week . Now I am home , unpacking and repacking for Muddy < PROPMALE > !! We leave at 8am . I am so excited . Three trips with only a half of day between each is awesome ( but stressful during the 1/2 day while in transition ) . Thanks again to the most wonderful in laws for taking care of the dogs and now the kids too ! :-D 
I re-injured my leg , my race isn't until tomorrow and I can hardly walk . I'm really angry about it . :( 
Muddy < PROPMALE > was a blast . I wasn't able to participate this year due to my injured leg . Thanks Shandy for running with my partner < PROPFEMALE > . :) I realized on my way home that I didn't re-injure my leg , it's the other leg , not the same one . Guess it's back to the doctor for me . Congrats to everyone for finishing the race ! 
I went to the doc about my leg . It's the same thing that I had with my other leg , just slightly worse . I am not getting a new prescription nor physical therapy because I already have some left from last time , and I should already know what to do as far as physical therapy . That's good news I suppose . Yay for a comfy couch . :) 
I am waiting for the doctor to call me back . I have a bruise on my leg now ... I was told to call if that happens . Slightly nervous about it , but I know that it will all work out , whatever it ends up being . Good thing all of the laundry was washed before I got hurt . LOL :) 
The doctor called back and said he's not worried about anything because of the size of the bruise . If it gets larger or the swelling gets worse then he's worried about a blood clot , but at the moment I don't need to be concerned . :) That's good news . 
I gimped around the State Fair with the boys and hubby today . It was a lot of fun , ate stuff on sticks and bought things we could probably do without . We even got to see people stuck on the sky glider being rescued by the fire department . I was so glad we got off a half hour before that . Now the kids are in bed and I'm going to watch a movie with < PROPFIRST > . Great day !! :) 
*** SHIELDED HEARTS MEMBERS***\ 
Is anyone interested/available to make up a treat/snack tray for a food drop ? I am hoping to have one done today or tomorrow . I only need one , this isn't for a normally scheduled food drop , this is a special one . Please let me know if you can . Thanks :) 
Summer sickness are such a bummer , but having an eight year old that can make dinner is wonderful ! I'm so happy that he knows how to do things , and I'm very blessed that my mom is going to bring some chicken soup over for me . I would have just made the kids wait to eat soup , but my oldest decided that he would rather make dinner for them . <3 
WARNING !! Dumping a cup of boiling water on \the girls\ " is extremely painful . " 
The for sale sign is missing from the front yard of the house next to mine . I wonder if it finally sold . It would be nice ... the last three falls and winters I took care of leaves and snow . Hopefully they get here to cut grass and pull weeds soon ! :) 
As anyone tried the smart living steam mop ? If so , what are your thoughts ? 
Connor found his Backyardigans guitar that was \misplaced\ " in the basement . IT'S DRIVING ME CRAZY !!!!!!!! I think it needs to get lost somewhere else after he goes to bed . " 
Ugh ! My ex , idiot of a neighbor , was at the house today . Last I heard it was bank owned . I asked them if they were buying it back and they said no . A bunch of things are out at the curb now , and they packed up some stuff in the truck , but at least they cut down the weeds in front . Weird !!! Hope they don't move back in . :( 
I'm home from dropping my hubby off at the airport . : ' -( I'm totally going to miss my man . 
WAY too excited ! :) I just love when < PROPFEMALE > and I meet and we get a ton of work done for Shielded Hearts . 
Totally ready for Thursday ! <3 
Guess my day has opened up slightly . The hubby was supposed to be on a flight coming home at 12:25 , now he's not going to come in until at least 7pm . I can't complain , free airline tickets from airtran is pretty cool . :) 
I am looking forward to < PROPMALE>'s last baseball game of the season at Helfaer Field tonight ! Woohoo ! Should be a fun night . :) 
Today I decided that < PROPMALE > should learn how to wash the dishes . He was super excited and kept telling Daddy how fun it was . LOL He told me that he wants to wash the dishes every day . How do I keep him that excited about washing the dishes ? 
It's going to be a late night for the hubby , so I think I'll just head to bed . Love ya babe ! <3 
I'm driving a car with four kids , 8 , 6 , 4 , & 4 years old . We are on out way to Six Flags Great < PROPFEMALE > . I may just go insane today . :) P.S. I'm stopped at the moment , not actually on the express way yet . 
just got WAY too emotional making Connor's peanut butter and jelly sandwich for his first day of school tomorrow . 
I really feel like a jerk . I wish I knew how to make this right .... 
I don't have my LLC for More Than Maids yet , but I am looking for a couple more customers . If you are interested , please message me . I have a few openings during the week from 10am-2pm . 
I'm seriously looking forward to the day boys are easier than girls . My hair is getting grayer by the minute . One son was being picked on and hit by the bully , so he beat the kid up ( way to go teachers on the playground , thanks for watching the kids ) , the other son accidentally knocked out some kid while playing football . Ugh ! I had a talk with both of them . When is it that boys become easy ? 
Attention police wives and girlfriends : Shielded Hearts is going to have a meeting on Saturday . If you aren't a part of the group and would like to check it out , let me know . I will give you the details . :) 
Have to let my hubby win at this stupid Wii game so he doesn't make me stay up all night until he wins . :) 
The Greendale Children's Rummage Sale is today . If you have kids and need toys , clothing , Halloween costumes , shoes , winter stuff , and more , this is where you should be today . It's in Greendale High School . It starts at 8am and ends at 2pm . After noon everything is 1/2 price . No kids are allowed before 10am , strollers are not allowed at all . It is closed from 11-12 so they can reorganize everything . Happy Shopping ! 
On the way to Great < PROPFEMALE > again , four kids in the car and the crying and whining has already started , haven't even made it tithe express way yet . 
Is sooooooooooo ready for bed time !!!! Too many people , especially small , crying ones today . Baths now , and in a few minutes ... silence !!! :) 
I seriously need to get my SPICES in order or I think I may just lose it ... 
I can't decide if I should get a donut on the way home , or if I should skip it and rush home to do P90X ... what to do ... what to do ... 
The house next to mine is for sale ... it is now a \short sale\ " estimated monthly payments are $411 !!! That's crazy ... anyone want to buy a house ? " 
What's with my sweet tooth today ? I didn't have that donut , or anything else , but I can't stop thinking about some sugary , ooey-gooey , goodness . I guess I'll drink a cup of tea and go to bed so I can run at 5am . :) 
Does anyone have tips on how to keep my eight year old son from putting holes in EVERY pair of socks he owns ? Or maybe a special brand that doesn't get holes ? 
My kids are so squirrelly today ... 
One of the challenges on Biggest Loser today was to do the stair stepper 500 times . It looked really easy ... but I figured I'd try it . I did 500 steppers in 10 minutes ... and I broke a sweat ! I can't imagine how those people who haven't exercised in years and weigh over 400 pounds felt while doing it . 
Feeing vexed ... irked that my morning unintentionally started at 4:30 ! Off to spend my money on an over priced cup of Starbucks , maybe that will make me feel better ... it will go nicely with my hour drive . 
... not only did the chickypoo at Starbucks spill some of my latte , & give me a frozen muffin , she kept my card & spent the remainder of money on the rest of the customers in line . I called to ask if my card was there , and I was told to just report it as stolen . :( Not a good experience today ... hopefully Starbucks will hold true to their customer service claim when I go back in tomorrow , because today they failed ! 
I'm cold and tired ... I'm ready for bed ... 
Starbucks is back on my list of things that make me happy ! The other day I went in , they gave me a new card ... but then made my drink wrong ! Well , I finally heard from corporate and they apologized up and down for the card issue . I told them not to worry about it because I got my money back . They told me they value me as a customer and sent me another card with $5 and free drink coupons . :) 
I'm fairly certain I grew a pair of pinchers ... \ 
:-/ 
Today I stopped at Target , when I pulled into the parking spot I saw an old lady lose her balance . I ran over there , & threw my purse on the ground to help her . She ended up falling all of the way down to the ground . I felt so bad for her and her husband while he watched her helplessly . He moved her car , I helped her up & into it , and made sure she was ok . It totally breaks my heart to see old people that shaken up . 
We had lamb for dinner tonight . I wasn't crazy about it ... but the boys LOVED it . They kept asking for more and saying it's the best food ever . LOL 
Feeling quite annoyed that < PROPMALE > has lost his winter jacket . I've searched everywhere ! We got it last winter ( mid to end of winter so it really wasn't a good deal ) , and we can't find it . BOYS ! :( 
Today is day two of not visiting Starbucks ! Way to go me ! LOL Good thing I have a stock of cups and straws from there to trick myself into thinking I was drinking a $5 cup of coffee ! Tomorrow is my birthday , so I think I may just have to go in and get my free cup :) 
Have you ever put the kids to bed and just started crying ? Some days are just soooooo hard ! ~ sigh ~ 
My family has decided that I shouldn't kick the Starbucks addiction yet . I got $80 worth of gift cards in the last two days for my birthday . LOL I love it ! :) 
~ Shielded Hearts Members ~ please check the group < PROPFEMALE > for events that our members are inviting you to . We have had a few things that aren't showing up on the news feed . 
I got \official court business\ " in the mail today ... in one month I have JURY DUTY ! That totally blows ! I feel like it was yesterday that I was on a jury for a trial . " 
Missing my hubby ... <3 
... wishing my parents lived with me for the night ... I would like my dad to yell at me because the basement isn't clean yet , and my mom to come \help\ " me clean it while I play with my dolls . Sometimes I miss the good old days . LOL ... guess I know where my kids get it from ... off to clean the basement ... :) " 
So totally sick of cleaning the basement ! I'm done for the day ! :) 
I over book/over schedule myself all of the time ... now I'm doing it to my 8 year old ?!?!?!!! Ugh !! It's really stressful to realize that , especially when it's after 10pm and I can't call anyone and fix my mistakes ... I'm going to have some bummed people in the morning . :( 
Yay , yay , yay ! In less than one hour I will be giving my hubby a BIG hug ! :) 
I just found out that my pediatrician is leaving < PROPFEMALE > . I'm completely bummed about it . A good doctor is hard to find . If you have any suggestions , please let me know . I'd like to know doctor name , location and how long you have been going . Please only tell me if you absolutely love your doctor . I don't want just any \OK\ " doctor for my boys . " 
My little guy finally started sleeping though the night when he was three . He's now four and a half and is waking up four times a night again ! I'm starting to feel like a zombie ... 
It really drives me nuts when I go in another room to do something and I can't remember what it was when I get there . 
\with a huge sack\ " YEEEEESSSSSSSSS !!!!!! " 
I seriously need a SPICES make-over ... feeling the burn of not getting them in order . 
3:30 am , a call from life alert . Got up , got dressed , went to the house to see the ambulance pull away , gave a hug , went home . 4:10 , got a call from life alert ...... well , now that Connor decided to sleep through the night ... sigh ... I just hope \nana\ " will be ok . " 
I'm sooo cold . I turned my heat up from 66 to 67 . I don't know why I don't feel any warmer . 
is stressing way too much about what to wear to a wedding on Saturday . Anyone my size have a dress that they want to borrow me ? 
I have fabulous friends ! Today I was able to try on 10 different dresses and now have it narrowed down to two for tomorrow . Thank you to everyone who offered dresses to me , < PROPFEMALE > for bringing some over , and < PROPFIRST > for having me over to try some on !! :) I'm a lucky girl to have such wonderful friends !!!! 
Polls open at 7am ... don't forget to vote . 
This morning was really cold for a run . Burrrrrrrrr ... 
How exciting ! I put the kids to bed early tonight , AND I get an extra hour because it's time to change the clocks back . Too bad I'm old and the only thing I have found to do with my extra hour is dishes and laundry . :) 
The Netflix app for my phone totally rocks ! I wish I would have remembered about it at the start of my day in the waiting room . Im definitely using it in two weeks when I get to repeat this day ! :) 
The boys were playing hide and go seek tonight . The little guy has such a short attention span that he kept forgetting he was looking for his brother . Haha it was always at least 10 minutes before the older one realized that no one was looking for him . Ahhh ... such a quiet night !! :) 
Really enjoyed running with my mom today !! I dressed for it to be in the 20s , should have checked the weather , it was already 49 !! :) what a great start to the day . 
Happy Veteran's Day !! Thank you for serving ! 
I just ate some salami , a piece of beef jerky , and a whole bunch of peppers with garlic hummus . I have no clue why < PROPFIRST > refused to kiss me before he went back to bed ... LOL 
is getting really annoyed with cleaning up dead rabbits in my back yard curtsy if my < PROPMALE > Shepherd . >:•( 
Wow ! What a mentally , physically and emotionally exhausting day . I'm not sure if I should sleep , cry or mindlessly stare at the tv . Sigh ... maybe a cup of tea will help . 
Called 911 . Way to go MFD , you were very quick and patient . Thanks for another job well done !! Thoughts and prayers for < PROPFEMALE > and papa . 
Is so loving the fact that I decided that today is going to be spectacular no matter what . It's fun to laugh at things that normally make me angry . :) 
I am the coolest person I know . 
My little guy is sick :( He says nothing hurts , but he had a fever of 104 , now it's down to 102 after some meds and liquids . Poor guy ... :( 
is uber excited to have my laptop back from the shop !! Bonus ... it still has all of my pics on it :-D 
If I said we should get together for lunch , or coffee , & then I never got back to you about a time;I'm really sorry . I mean it , I would love to get together with you , but right now is a little hard . A lady I call < PROPFEMALE > has been really sick & is now in the hospital , and they are going to pull the plug tomorrow . Soon life will be back to normal , just missing a huge part of my life . Please forgive my lack of dependability . 
She did not come off of life support today , it was decided to leave her how she is for a little while . Please keep her hubby in your prayers . 
I attempted to run this morning ... it was really lame . I'm really tired , even though I went to bed at 9:30 . 
She passed away today . I was with < PROPFIRST > at his house when the doctors called to tell him . :( 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > Mouse !! :) 
It's odd to be able to say that I had a very enjoyable time at the funeral ; I did though . My \nana\ " was the kind of woman that would want people to have fun and celebrate her life . We talked about her silliness and had lots of laughs with few tears . I'll miss her like crazy ... " 
Happy Thanksgiving !! I'm thankful for lots of things , family , freedom , friends , faith , and I am thankful for the < PROPMALE > to help others through hard spots in life . I'm thinking about and praying for a special few today . God loves you and so do I !! :) 
I'm up and ready to shop ! Woohoo ! 
My four year old decided to play with the Disney monorail that's around the Christmas tree . I'm very annoyed that he broke off the doors and lost the bottom half of Stitch . Ugh ! It makes me angry when kids play with my toys . 
Nothing quite like a little fire to bring a person out of a hazy slump . Wow , I'm awake now !!!!! 
How long until I'm not sore anymore ??? I forgot ! Can't wait for the results , that's for sure :) P90X , I love to hate you !! <3 
Make your guess on Shielded Hearts facebook page ... How many stuffed animals are we going to collect ? You can win a $10 gift card to Starbucks if you are right ! :) 
I'm praying for my dad , < PROPFIRST > Wencka today . Good luck with your surgery dad , I love you . :) 
WARNING ! My wings are broken , I'm riding my broomstick . 
Don't forget to go on to the Shielded Hearts < PROPFEMALE > and enter your guess for the < PROPMALE > bear drive ... you could win $10 to Starbucks ! :) 
#607 It's been really fun getting to know you in the unique way we have connected . I am looking forward to getting to know you more and maybe hear a few stories about the past ... I'd imagine those are fun ! :) Good luck with the business , I have a feeling it will do well once the word gets out better . 
#2431 The first night we met was a little strange , and I didn't think we would meet again . When we did it wasn't awkward at all , just a ton of fun . I am extremely happy to call you a friend . You care about people quite a bit , and I really appreciated the uplifting email when I was going though a hard time . I can't wait to see what the next year has in store for us . :) 
is praying for the LEOs involved in the standoff on I-94 Westbound . I hope everyone comes out of this situation safely . Also praying for the people stuck on the freeway for the last two hours that they stay warm and don't lose jobs for not making it to work on time . 
I was heading to bed , but then my very dear friend , < PROPFEMALE > Draeger stopped over with a bag of bears for me to wash for < PROPMALE > Bear Drive . I guess that means I will get the dishes done before bed too . :) 
is getting ready to go play with bears and other stuffed animals . I wonder how many we will have ... perhaps a thousand or two , maybe more ! 
Had a blast sorting stuffed animals for the < PROPMALE > bear drive . :) We have collected 3,801 bears so far , and we still have a few more places that are collecting . 
I thought I had decided on a pediatrician ... I called to schedule an appointment and was put on hold by the receptionist mid sentence . How rude !! What if I had something really important to say , or had a question she could answer ? Ugh ! 
Just in case you didn't know , it's uber nasty to snake a toilet . I really do believe with all my heart that it should be a MAN'S job !!!! I suppose if I don't get it fixed I will pass it off to my man . :) 
Having a slumber party with my boys and nieces . We are all tucked into our sleeping bags and watching Christmas movies . My goal is to have them sleeping by 8pm . •fingers crossed• 
Despite all of the bad/sad things going on in the last few days , I'm overly excited that Shielded Hearts will be on Positively Milwaukee tonight at 5pm , channel 4 . I'm honored to know and be a part of such a great group of women . Keep it up girls !! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to everyone !! Please forgive me if you didn't get a Christmas card . I was planning on doing them and somehow just never got around to picking some up . 
Happy birthday Jesus !! :) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas my friends . :) 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are headed to the Packer game . What should Connor and I do today ? Shopping then nap time ? Perhaps ! :) 
This is the first New Years that < PROPFIRST > has off . My tradition of going to my parent's house in my jammies and staying there all night isn't going to happen this year . Now I have to figure out what we should do . Any suggestions ?? 
Thanks iphone 4 ... I apperciate that your alarm clock didn't work this morning when I needed to wake up to take the kids to school . I enjoyed starting my morning nearly two hours late . 
So much for sleep ... 
Jury duty tomorrow and Tuesday ! Oh boy ! I can't wait to see the people I will be forced to spend my day with . 
I have jury duty and my little guy got sent home from school sick . :( I hate not being able to do my job as mom !! Thanks so much to my dad for taking care of him !!!!! 
Oh yay ... bugs on the floor of the assembly room of the jury hall . Exciting ! At lease a few people have been called and I have room on a chair for my stuff now . 
I'm pretty happy ... I got sent home from jury duty and was told that I didn't need to return for 4 years !! That's great news , now I can stay home with my sick baby tomorrow . :) 
Why would someone I consider a close friend for many years talk so much garbage about me ? Kinda hurts !! Sigh ... 
G 
I was going to put the boys to bed and let them watch the game off of the DVR tomorrow , but with how much I'm cheering they wouldn't be able to sleep anyway . Guess they are going to stay up late to watch the entire game . :) 
Excellent game !! Now time for bed . :) 
I still live in WI , right ? The guy on the expressway was in the fast < PROPFIRST > going five under !! It's snow , it's not new , we get it all of the time . Maybe this evening I'll understand going slow , but right now it's just flurries . Sheesh ! Lol :) 
It's going to be a long night if my < PROPMALE > shepherd barks at every plow . :-/ especially since St < PROPFIRST > and Milwaukee come through here . At least she's a good guard dog ! :) 
A good girl friend of mine ( lives in Milwaukee ) is looking for a kick boxing place or a boot camp . I know I have friends on here that go to both , please leave your suggestions here . Thanks for your help !! 
Fantastic work out today . Thanks mom !! 
Where would a worm come from this time of year ? How did it find it's way into my shower ? Creepy !! 
I guess someone was cold . I just checked and the heat was turned up to 79 ! Maybe I shouldn't always have it at 66 or less ? 
I love starting cold winter mornings like this one at the gym ! It's below zero , but I ran around-got all hot and sweaty , had a great visit with my mom at the gym and came home to a fresh pot of coffee . Could life possibly get any better ??!?!? :-) Mornings like this make winter seem not as cold . 
I have a HOT DATE on Thursday for lunch !! I can't wait . <3 
Why would a person get a tattoo on their face ? ( goodness ... I hope none of my FB friends have a face tattoo ) 
Time for a nap . I'm going to get up and clear the driveway when < PROPFIRST>'s on his way home from work . I love that man !! :) <3 
Just finished < PROPFIRST>'s snow . Wow , the roads still aren't even close to being cleared . I'm staying home or the rest of the night . Connor doesn't have school tomorrow , I'm hoping < PROPMALE>'s school decides to close too . 
My snow blower is FINALLY fixed !!! :) I can't wait for it to snow so I can try it out !! 
Happy birthday to the most amazing , talented , handsome , giving , loving , funny , smart , hard working father and husband ... I love you < PROPFIRST > Robinson !!! 
Nine years ago today was the most perfect day in February . It was around 40 degrees here in Milwaukee and I married the man of my dreams !!! Happy Anniversary < PROPFIRST > . I love you !!!! <3 
I voted !! #307 at 1:30 . 
My poor baby came home from school throwing up today . :( I hope this doesn't last too long , and that we are all healthy for our Disney trip ! 
If your child's school is closed tomorrow , I'd consider getting paid to watch your kids !! :-D just heard MPS may be closing . 
Just heard from FM106 that MPS is closed today . Don't send your kids to school !! 
Ha !! The boys and girls club on 6th and < PROPFEMALE > is open for those who need to send their kids somewhere . PS my offer is still open . :) 
My little guy has pink eye :( \ 
\ 
Good thing the teachers decided they didn't want to work today ... he didn't make it to school and spread it . ( gotta look for the silver lining ... otherwise I'd go nuts ) 
Is taking suggestions for a \sappy-make me cry\ " kind of movie that I can watch in Netflix . It's that kind of day ... " 
so ... will MPS be open tomorrow ? So far they say yes , but they also said that Thursday night . 
I don't want to work , I don't want to pack , I don't want to cook !! I just want to take a 4 day nap and wake up in Disney on Sunday !!! 
Fellow facebook users : Onceyour comment has reached PG-13 I stop reading it . If you aren't intellignet enought to find a less vulgar word , it's not important enough for me to waste my time reading it . That's all ! :) 
One day I will learn the fine < PROPMALE > of checking pockets before tossing clothing in the washer . Until then I will just laugh at the interesting things I find and be thankful for having such a fabulous family !! :) Anyone have any intersting things found in the washer or dryer that they would like to tell me about ? 
I'm sitting at Connor's school waiting for him to get out . I looked around me and everyone is playing on their cell phones . What did our parents do when we were kids when they waited for us ???? 
Im at the air port and apparently very cranky . Hopefully I can take a nap while flying . Just a few hours and I'll be in DISNEY !!! :-D thanks to the best in-laws ever for watching my house and dogs !! :) 
All three boys are passed out already ! Lol I guess I wore them out . I enjoyed some alone mommy time ! I already painted my toe nails and read the Bible . I love vacation . :-D 
Reality BITES !! I want to go back to Disney !!! I'm COLD ! 
Mmmmm ... hot tea after a long and crazy day ... yes please !!! :) 
So , I went for a 40 minute run and then I can home and did Plyometrics ... my body hurts ! I remember when that used to be easy for me , hopefully only another month or so and I will be able to do it with out feeling it all night . :) 
Happy birthday to my baby boy !! He's five already . 
is more than ready for this day to be over ... 
Totally loving seeing all of the blue candles and thin bule lines ... please continue to pray for the families and healing . :) 
Dear God , Call me selfish , I might agree , but I need him here , not just for me . My children need to have him here , to feel his love , to see his cheer . I understand he's just on < PROPFEMALE > , but please dear Lord , let him come home . He is our love , our hope , our strength , this you know , we so have faith . Please give us yet another day , to have our family , this we pray . Safety to all tonight . May god be with them all . 
Oh , look at that . 10pm and I'm still not packed . Guess I better stop cleaning and get packing !! 
This is the first time in over 4 years that I'm away with out my kids or hubby . I miss hugs !! I love you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > and Connor !! <3 
Welcome home ?... 
I finally got around to trying Moondance Coffee in < PROPMALE > . I love it ! It's a must try ! 
The FIVE neighbor dogs need to shut up or I may just lose my mind !!! 
I voted !! I thought for sure the people wanting signatures for a recall would be there , they weren't . I got a cup of coffee to support the 8th graders ... I don't know what they needed support for though , the sign didn't say . I just really wanted the $1 cup of coffee ;) 
Happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you , happy birthday dear < PROPMALE > Leighton , < PROPFEMALE > Leszczynski- < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Carpenter and < PROPFEMALE > Lybek , happy birthday to you !!! I hope you all have a fabulous day !! :-D 
Does anyone listen to 97.3 ? I don't normally , but I overheard some answers to the \off air topic\ " . What in the world were they talking about ? " 
Shielded Hearts Members I just posted a discussion ... \2011-2012 topics and speakers\ " . What would you like to see for next year ? Please join in ! " 
Worry weighs a person down ;\ 
\ 
an encouraging word cheers a person up . :) http://bible.us/Prov12.25.NLT 
My Internet , phone and TV are out . My iPhone is acting up too ! Feel bad for me , I'm losing my mind sitting here waiting for the guy to come fix it . 
My head hurts so bad I feel like I'm going to throw up ! I'm going to bed . Good night . 
Wish I could kick this cranky mood to the curb . It's like an unwanted house guest ... 
I get to sleep in tomorrow !!!!! :-) I think I'm going to turn my phone off before bed so people can't call and bug me . I am super excited !!!!! 
I'm at my first Admirals game . I don't get it . 
I just learned that if I'm holding a full bottle of water with my thighs , and the cap is off , I shouldn't squeeze it to prevent dropping something else . Looks like I wet myself . :-/ 
I thought I was going to see my nephew tomorrow ... turns out he slipped the doc a few bucks , rolled over and decided he'd rather wait a few days . :) 
Boys and girls play so differently ... right now the girls are taking turns putting everyone down for pretend naps ... LOVE IT !! Usually the boys are taking turns destroying each others creations , or throwing stuff at each other , whatever it is , it's usually loud , and never involves fake naps . :) 
I'm tired , sick and it already feels like it's going to be a long day with the little sleep I got . Hopefully a little sun shine will change the way I'm feeling . :) I'll take 30s if I can see the sun ! 
Please say a prayer for my father in law , he's in the hospital . Thanks :) 
I sat down to read a book 20 minutes ago . Now I want to nap . This is why I dont read for pleasure , I don't have time to sit around then nap after . 
Happy Easter everyone ! I had a fantastic day filled with church , family , a fire in the kitchen and nail polish on the carpet . I'm ready for bed ! :) 
I get a nephew today !! I'm pretty excited . Now , let's just hope training gets out early and baseball practice gets rained out so I can make that long drive to see him tonight !! :) 
Please say a prayer for my sister in law . She's having a baby at some point . She went in early this morning for a c section , baby turned and they decided to induce . Currently the baby isn't liking contractions ... pray that it all goes well and quickly at this point please . Thanks ! 
Reckner ( survey group ) has a study on diapers that starts tomorrow , Friday . Call 866-364-7581 and mention study #449 . you get free diapers to try and somewhere around and over $100 . ( must have children in diapers to participate . ) 
My nephew came last night ! His name is Liam < PROPFIRST > , he's 8 1/2 lbs , 20 1/2 '' , came about 9:48 pm after about 40 hours of labor . Thanks for your prayers ! Everyone is doing well , momma was very tired ! :) 
So much for that relaxing bubble bath I just created with candles and everything ... the kid just came out of his bed room telling me he needs to use the bathroom , bet the water will be cold in 30 minutes :( 
Praying for one friend's mom and another friend's dad today , they are both headed to surgery . Thinking of you girls !! 
Super excited !! Just checked the mail and Connor is in the same school as < PROPMALE > !! No more MPS :-D 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
