gonna take a nap .......... 

bed time ................. nitenite !!! 
a perfect fall day , thanks to my wonderful job , i will get to sleep through it ! 
whats the point of a weekend if you have to work through it ? 
glad we didn't get the storm that hit the east coast ........... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas one and all ! 
AHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! spring has sprung ! 
it's a winter wonderland ! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE ! 
woke up to see someone had wrecked in front of my house again ..... 
watching ghost hunters and have not seen one thing that convinces me ....... 
Orange ! 
everywhere n messy 
February 8th .... D-Day 
bored ............. 
i did the macarena with an ipod in your bathroom because i'm awesome 
? (?????) ? Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% wont Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
This is good , from a security point of view . During a recent password audit , it was found that a blonde was using the following password : MickeyMinniePlutoHueyLouieDeweyDonaldGoofySacramento . When asked why such a long password , she said she that it had to be at least 8 characters long and include at least one capital 
OMG ! This is totally hilarious and you have to do it !!!! Call the Nestle Crunch hotline at 1-800-295-0051 . When you have the option for English or Spanish just wait quietly for about 10 seconds , it will make you smile . Then choose option 4 , then option 7 . If you comment after listening , don't give away the surprise . If it is busy , keep trying - it's worth it . 
i have a tummy ache ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s diary for < PROPMALE > is on LMN , such a good book but i missed half the movie . can't wait til its on again . 
throwback pepsi ......... not my favorite 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater , give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will give you a meal , give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ... Pass it along if you agree !! 
i hate waking up with a headache ... 
i really want a kitkat ..... 
My horoscope for today ... No your job isn't perfect . But no one's is . So try to see the bright side . Yeah , like there is a bright side ...... 
I saw on the internet that Haiti is without a government . To help out , I am donating one Obama , one Pelosi , one < PROPMALE > , one < PROPFIRST > , one Coakley and two Clintons ! They may keep them permanently ! I'd give them a constitution ; but I can't find mine right now ! ~~~ Status borrowed from a friend of a friend of a friend , keep it going ~ 
i'm bored ................... 
i hate when there is too much cereal left for one bowl , but not enough for two ...... 
oooohhhh ......... the state of the union address ... this should be good 
i love that the snow hides all the yard work that needs done 
one more week of happiness ..... 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments . 
NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!! DON'T MAKE ME GO BACK .... 
YAY ! < PROPMALE > ranks number 1 .... on the top 20 list of most miserable cities in < PROPFEMALE > .... 
FRIDAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!! 
fucking lowlifes breaking into my jeep for a handful of pennies , dimes and nickles ... they got the neighbors too ... what assholes 
Happy Easter ! 
Siesta key ! Beautiful . 
Jacksonville tonight , tybee island tomorrow ! 
Homeward bound !!!! 
Home ! 
I wanna cry 
Snow ? Really ? 
The echos of black water pond ... 2 hrs of my life I will never get back . I think it was the worst movie ever . 
The more I see all the yardwork that needs done , the more I want to live in an apartment 
Snot ... YUCK 
Let's have some fun , this best is sick . I wanna take a ride on your disco stick . 
Effin brrrrrrr ... 
30 < PROPMALE > til the warranty expires on the jeep and when I turn on the headlights all the interior lights turn off ... 
< PROPFEMALE > got a mouse ... And left me just the head . YUCK 
DEAR LORD , THIS YEAR YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE ACTOR , < PROPFIRST > SWAYZE . YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE ACTRESS , < PROPFEMALE > FAWCETT . YOU TOOK MY FAVORITE SINGER , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW , MY FAVORITE PRESIDENT IS BARACK OBAMA . AMEN . 
I love dandelions ! 
Like my job doesn't sick enuf , now I gotta worry about sick f*cks peeing in bottles and putting them back in the chem cabinets . Wtf ? 
perry/madison are feeling earthquakes ... hope all is good !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... 
My horoscope for today : Old friends are like antiques -- collect the ones you love , whatever their condition . 
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ........................ 
< PROPFIRST > Swift is in my head driving me CRAZY 
Ready for a nap 
Saw < PROPFIRST > yopp today , < PROPFIRST > Dennison will be hiring soon . The only plant that swings is heisley rd and none of them work 7 days . Might be worth looking into ! 
What a beautiful sunday . I'm so glad I get to spend it putting paper in a box . 
A book , a blankie , and a hammock ... 
I gotta get outta this place , if its the last thing I ever do 
I see a red door and I want it painted black 
Just drove in through the gates of hell- pray for me ! 
what a beautiful thunderstorm !!!! 
Somethings really really wrong with me ...... I'm NOT in the mood for taco < PROPFEMALE > 
Possibility of snow this weekend- NOOOOoooooo 
Love the lightning and thunder 
Why do dogs roll in the nastiest smelling stuff ever then want affection ?? 
Its effin cold . 
Gonna be a long nite 
A humming bird and an oriole welcomed me home this morning :) 
I can't walk in flip flops !!! 
FML 
Why do I get so mad when other wrangler drivers don't do the jeep wave ? 
nite nite !!!!!!! 
My tummy hurts :( 
84 * and I get to spend my evening putting paper in a box . 
I love being lazy 
damn skeeters ... 
Hell just froze over 
What a perfect evening ! 
Effin steering damper- AGAIN 
Whoever said rice krispie treats were easy to make has never seen me make them ! 
Floating in the pool is way more fun then mowing the grass ! 
Love listening to the birdies sing in the morning ! 
Mega-dosing some vitamin D ! 
i was told today that i look like someone i HATE ........ grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Ahhhhh ... Sunshine ! 
My country , ' tis of thee , Sweet land of < PROPFEMALE > , Of thee I sing ; Land where my fathers died , Land of the pilgrims ' pride , From every mountainside , Let freedom ring ! \ 
\ 
Happy Independence Day !!!! 
I absolutely LOVE the person who invented swimming pools ! 
Geo-caching ... Too fun ! 
Goto\ 
the top right of yourscreen , click Account , & then click Edit \ 
Friends . Go to the left side ofyour screenand click Phonebook . Everyone's\ 
phone # is being published . Please ... repostto let your friends know\ 
of this change in security , so that they mayremove ...... their\ 
phone < PROPFIRST > , or change ... their privacy settings .... ... Someof \ 
theseare kids . PLEASE REPOST 
I love listening to the thunder and watching the rain ! 
Slept the day away ... 
Somebody needs to make my tummy better :( 
I think inception was the most horrible movie I have ever seen 
I love a rainy night ... 
I need to quit taking naps after work so I can sleep at night ... 
Listening to the thunder in the distance . :) 
Aaaccchhhoooo ! 
Revenge IS sweet ! And so much fun ... 
Foggy morning ... Just like my head 
I wish I could TGIF 
What a beautiful morning ! Good night !! 
i'm hungry .... 
My besties are out drinking dancing and having a great time while I get to spend my nite putting paper in a box . I hate my life . 
yay ! a day off !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > beach ... Here we come ! 
I really hate to admit this , but I kinda like jersey shore ... 
Mmmmm ... Popcorn ! The best part of the movies . 
yawnnnnn !!!! bed time !!! 
I love a rainy night ! 
Yay ... Work tonite . :'( 
I used to think snuggies were the most stupid things ever ... Then I saw the commercial with everyone doing the macarena while wearing one . Now that's all I want for Christmas ! 
Now accepting 5 dollar down payments on your FREE KITTENS !! 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Life's too short to waste putting paper in a box ... 
i was just told i am growing up to be like my mom ... thanks for the awesome compliment ! my mother wasn't perfect , but she would have defended her kids from anything and anyone that would have hurt them ... i love you mom !!!!!! 
Ghost adventures ... Wayyyy better than ghost hunters or destination truth 
Finally ... The weekend ! 
Watching sharktopus on syfy .. I really need to get a life ! 
Movies with < PROPMALE > , Mia , and rotten . Pray for me !!!!!! 
thank you , facebook for bringing a stalker back into my life ...... great ..... 
april showers bring may flowers ..... but WTF is the point of october showers ??????? 
I quit reading < PROPFEMALE>'s adventures in wonderland to watch the unabomber ... 
Watched about 30 seconds of swamp people ... Any longer and it would have made me crazy 
HIV rampant in the adult film industry ... No way 
I'm already sick of this cold weather ... 
Yawnnnnnn 
' Sister wives ' ... No effin way 
men ... men ... men ... men ... manly men ... men ... men 
Fake (+) (+) perky (*)(*) perfect ( o)(o ) cold (^) (^) and even grandma's \\./\\./ \ 
big ( . )( . ) or small (.) (.) SAVE THEM ALL ! Re-post for Breast Cancer Awareness !! 
can't sleep ................ 
Effin 27 * ... Brrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Woohoo ! A WHOLE weekend off ! 
what a beautiful day ! 
Sooooo proud of my bestie < PROPFEMALE > for passing her nclex !!! 
off to walmart ........ hope no scary zombies get me .. 
Woke up to a loud boom and the house shaking ... 
good night , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
so not looking forward to work in the morning ........ 
Zombies are not real !!!! 
blackberry jelly all over my keyboard .. yuck ! 
taking a 3 hr nap after work is not a good idea ... up all night then cranky ( er ) in the morning for work ... 
Getting a droid R2D2 Does not make me a dork ! 
Putting r2d2 to bed ! G'night everyone ! 
May everyone have a blessed and happy thanksgiving ! 
SNOWWWWWWWWWW !!!!!! 
Goodnight cruel world ... 
jeepers .... creepers .......... 
Its a wonderful thing about tiggers ! Tiggers are wonderful things ... 
anyone with little girls that want lalaloopsy dolls ... hurry !!! toysrus.com has them in stock !!! 
Insomnia is driving me CRAZY 
Oblivious ... 
Too much stress leads to distress ! 
So ... if ur 7 year old niece says she wants pizza and doughnuts for christmas ..... its ok to get her pizza and doughnuts for christmas , right ?????? 
coooooooooookies !!! 
taping walmart bags closed is as good as wrapping presents , right ? 
9And , lo , the angel of the Lord came upon them , and the < PROPFEMALE > of the Lord shone round about them : and they were sore afraid . \ 
10And the angel said unto them , Fear not : for , behold , I bring you good tidings of great joy , which shall be to all people . \ 
11For unto you is born this day in the city of < PROPFIRST > a Saviour , which is Christ the Lord\ 
< PROPMALE > 2 vs 9-11 
God rest ye < PROPFEMALE > gentlemen , let nothing you dismay ; for Jesus Christ our Saviour was born on Christmas day ! 
HAVE A < PROPFEMALE > AND BLESSED CHRISTMAS !!!!!! 
Welcome to pure michigan ? Really ? 
< PROPFEMALE > trek ... like a futuristic Land of the Lost but even stupider ! 
Mmmm . ...... brussels sprouts ! 
Season of the witch ... \ 
STUPID 
