The saddest and most lonly guy on earth <--- is right here 

somtimes I feel all alone and hell its true but I guess that realization dosen't help my mood any , somtimes I dream ... fantasize about my perfect situation in life . then I get sucked into the black hole of realization . and like getting hit in the head with a club i fall back to reality and damn it , it hurts 
New Years Resolution : Its time to not fear the rediculous , to not make excuses to avoud the most simple and stupidest things , time to not be miserable because my life is next to nothing in the eyes of myself and others . if i want to get some where with my life im not doing it by feeling anymore , time to do things on impules and take my life to the next level , and add another chatper to my life . 
im the third Wheel , The awkward odd man out everyone around me is in a realationship and it seems that im destined to be the bachelor for all of my life ... im going to have to get used to the feeling of being lonley , hurt , and hating those that have one of the few things I < PROPFEMALE > most Love and happiness . When will I find these things ? when will they find me ? like I said mabye im destined to be the bachelor forever ... 
I don't know what it is about fights that makes me want to jump into the middle of them to stop it all . I guess just fights bug the hell out of me .. 
Im Already thinking about the end of school , graduation , summer . wondering what im going to say to my freinds since i know most of them are going to be going off to college and pursuing their dreams also thinking about the next chapter in my life and how its going to unfold . 
just found out that senior awards night is on wednesday , damn that snuck on me , lol gotta get ready for that .. 
jhen's party was awsome , i had a great time and made some great memories\ 
wish i could party that hard again :) 
wishes he could find love as easy as in books and storys 
wishes he could fall in love with sombody who actually loves him back :,( 
* sigh * not kool ... 
To get into an argument with sombody who understands is understandable but somebody who dosen't know the others ideas or feelings is somthing that a hipocrite or an idiot would do . i won't bombard you sayings but i will say this , pick your battles better next time 
Hey guys just got skype , if you want find me and we can chat somtime 
Just got my new iPhone and I gotta say it's pretty damn cool :) 
for some reason i feel like sombody skyping me would make me feel alot happier :-/ 
has anybody just not been able to decide what to do with themselves ? that they are just stuck in a state of limbo wanting to do somthing but not able to let yourself do it ? 
life has a funny way of showing its displesure with you ... 
Can't get himself together ... Either because my parents just got a divorce or because I don't have enough confidence in myself I can't say ... God damn you life ... 
Happy valentines day ! I hope everybody gets the love they've always wanted 
I don't know the first things about love , hell i've only encountered it a few times , but i think Love is about knowing who they are behind there everyday facade , its about suprising yourself when you go out of your usual way for them just to feel the butterflies in your stomach again when they give you there beautiful smile . Love is the purest form of humanity we have , if you've found it , < PROPFEMALE > it . Always . 
Resigning yourself to the fact that you'll be single for most of your life is the worst feeling i think anyone can have 
Walking in the snow never felt so relaxing :) 
Fear rules many peoples lifes weather it be passive or direct it can stop someones life in there tracks . it happend to me but never let it happen to you 
somtimes i wonder how important i am in other peoples lifes , i hope they don't take advantage of my freindship or take it for granted >:( 
Had a great day getting kidnapped and blindfolded by my freinds to have awsome dinner and nerf gun fight at my place :) 
I can't sleep tonight .. Like most nights recently . 
What am i becoming ? Why is my life like this ... 
Thanks mom you might have just made me miss an oppertunity like you said , what if i changed my mind ? Huh ? Because i did ... 
