Almost to the end of my vacay ! :( two more days in englewood , then hopefully two days in < PROPMALE > , if we can find somewhere to crash monday night . Hope everyone had an awesome New Years and Christmas !! 

We are goin to Calico Jacks at englewood beach tonight around 10 ! Anyone who wants to see me and < PROPFIRST > before we leave should definitely come !!! 
is watchin WALL-E for like the one zillionth time waitin for her man to get home 
believes that no one should die , go blind , or be crippled because of large monster attacks . Tell Congress that you demand that we begin funding a giant robotic army . This is < PROPFEMALE > and we deserve to be protected in this war against giant monsters . I ...... f you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . Read More And remember giant monster attacks are not a joke !! 
Sunday was show day in Hanover . Prinnie spooked in Intro A and we got 4th with a 50% and then dumb butt me went the wrong way at the beginning of Intro B and we got 4th with a 57.7% . Ugh . Still had lots of fun though ! :) 
Just so everyone is aware , my phone went through the washing machine and now it only turns on when its channeling the devil . It's been this way for about two weeks , so if you've tried to get a hold of me and i've been more unattainable then usual , that's why . Sorry ! If you absolutely need to get a hold of me call < PROPFIRST>'s cell . If you don't have that number , tell me and i'll decide if you need it or not , lol . 
home after a fan-frickin-tastic Halloween !! < PROPFEMALE > Smith's gotta hurry up and put up the pics from her camera !! 
Just got back from the Equine Affaire . Had lots of fun and saw some beautiful horses . Including a 19 hand Shire named < PROPMALE > . I Want one !! 
loves Trivia Night at the BBC !! 
We had our first snow in Carver last night ! Only a little ground cover , and its already melting but its still pretty ! 
Waiting impatiently for the SNOW !!!! 12-20\ baby !!! " 
just spent the entire morning shoveling out waist high snow !! seriously WAIST HIGH !! Florida in 4 days !!! whoohoo !! 
Happy New Years !!!! and also < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is creepy ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are in < PROPMALE > today !! or will be later anyway :) We're gonna be at the Florida Mall Ale House at 5 ish and can't wait !!!! Hope to see you there !! 
FINALLY HOME !! Longest travel day ever !! my phone died mom so sorry i haven't called you yet :) but were home safe and sound ! 
LOVE my new car !!!! cutest little Toyota Matrix ever !!!! and its black too !! 
Wet and Hard 
I licked a smurf riding a motorcycle ' cuz thats how i roll !! 
I'm almost on the verge of deleting all my facebook games !! All my food dishes keep spoilingand my stupid pet keeps running away !! ugh !! 
Wants to slap everyone who says this unprecedented snowfall means global warming is false ! 
Blaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh ! days over , glad to be home , now im goin to bed ! 
My consumer addictions are these : Borders = Heroine , need it have to can't stop Game stop = Shrooms , just wanna sit down everything amuses me , Michaels = Marijuana can resist but once im in its for a looooooong time 
Sooooo Sad the olympics are over !! I love them !! They always make me feel just a little bit better about the world :) Can't wait till summer 2012 . London here we come !! 
Sooooo tired of the snow !! didn't think it was gonna happen , but after 3 straight days of slushy ickyness i'm done ! 
ife is totay ame when your LLL key is sticky !! 
My frickin keyboard is goin round the bend !! first it was my L but now its my O's!!! AHHHHHHHHHH annoyance maximus 
did you know that when you suck the color coating off of a jelly bean , theres actually a little clear jelly globule left behind ?? 
tryin to defy old age and stay up late , but im just too tired ! I'm goin to bed ! 
lol doin my update from kev's wii ... neat ! 
watchin some boxin then straight to bed and up early tomorrow for the boys ' first race of the year !! 
back from RI ! Got some kickA$$ pics and videos , and feel like i was the one who raced ! The boys did good , but the race organizers were so unorganized we're not actually sure how they did yet . 
holy frickin rain !! ive driven past at least 3 overflowing ponds today . 
Had the best Easter ! Went out to the Cape and drove around exploring all day . Unfortunately < PROPFIRST > still holds the mini golf title :/ lol 
headin out for a busy errand filled day ! yay :/ 
just got home from a catering job ... goin to bed , im bushed ! 
1rst show of the season today ! headin out to the barn . wish me luck ! 
just got back from dinner and a movie for our #8 :) dinner was INCREDIBLE and we watched Date Night ( obviously ) i luv < PROPFEMALE > Fey ! 
So today I turn 25 . That's five years to thirty , halfway to 50 , and a quarter of a decade old .... and i don't care !! The older I get the more I learn about myself , my loved ones and the world around me , so I can't wait to be 30 or 50 or even 100 , cause I learn something everyday , and maybe eventually I'll learn enough to work the timer on the stupid coffee machine !! 
Thanks for all the b-day wishes ! I definitely feel well loved today ! 
woke up way to early on my day off and now i get to go do errands ! whoohoo ! 
Had an awesome night out with the girls !! ( plus < PROPMALE > ) hahaha now straight to bed to be up for the boys ' race tomorrow ! 
went to the dentist today ... YAY no cavities !! 
goin to work , while < PROPFIRST > goes to the doc to find out how bad his asthma actually is ..... 
CHEESEBURGER LIQUOR PARTY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
off work today , yay ! So far spent a couple hours at Borders with my hunny , now were goin on a mini bike ride before he leaves for his actual bike ride .. lol the mini ones about all i can handle :) 
rode 7 < PROPMALE > today with 250 feet of climb in Nickerson State Park . Veeery tired but it was lots of fun ! pictures to follow . oh and by the way HAPPY MOTHERS DAY !!! to all my various moms out there :) 
I love cats on catnip ....... it makes my day 
Eye doctor today ! Is it weird that im excited ? hopin for some new frames hopefully maybe find out if my insurance at least partially covers contacts 
SOOOOO excited for my day off !! SHAY'S HERE !!! gonna have breakfast and who knows what after that , but YAY !! 
Thanks to Tosh . 0 I now unwillingly know the definition of Docking .................... seriously ?!?!?......................... 
ugh ........ 
Today was a VERY productive day ! I got Contacts !! yay !! the lady at the docs office said im a natural :) then we did laundry , bank , post office , horse lesson :) , and finally got my < PROPFEMALE > some meds so she doesnt got little wormies comin out her butt anymore . lol now all i have to do is sit around and play on fb till So you think you can dance comes on . :) 
spent the night practicing to become a zzzzzzzzzoommmmbie ! 
LOOOOONG day at work ! 
took a 3.7 mile hike today through some GORGEOUS woods at kev's race , pics are on < PROPFIRST>'s profile if you wanna see . 
I LOVE SHARPIES !!! 
my bf + 3 glasses of wine = tons of fun for everyone !! 
got my ass kicked by gilad's total body workout ........... uber lame ! 
< PROPFIRST > took me into the woods today to learn Downhill ...... turns out im not to bad at it :) cool ! 
watching Man vs Food is made more interesting by placing bets on when the host is gonna have a heart attack 
watched Eclipse the other night , way better than the first two , can't wait to see how they do breaking < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy 4th everybody !! HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAEMON !!! bestest nephew ever ! 
first day back to work after our camping/biking extravaganza !!! Kev and < PROPFIRST > did awesome as usual !! Check out pics of < PROPFIRST>'s first downhill race ! 
Had an awesome time at an epic ripper shindig last night :) and now im off to throw myself and my bike down the side of a mountain ! yay ! 
Sooooooooo ... thanks to full body armor my face plant today was not crippling . :) I got right back up and had a really good ride after that lol definitely doin it again ! 
Ouch ......... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the cutest niece ever , Lauralyn dove !! I love you darlin ! hope you have an awesome b-day !! 
cut off the tip of my finger today , im beginning to feel like all my updates basically consist of me describing my latest injuries :) oh well 
Back to work after another camping/biking weekend ! the weather is B-E-A-utiful ! 
Doin some much needed FB Maintenance ! I'm deleting a bunch of games , comment me if u desperately need me to keep something otherwise im pitchin it . 
Had an awesome day at the Smirkus !! Got to see < PROPFEMALE > and her sweety , ride a carousel , eat some buffalo , and be entertained by clowns all in one day ! 
Watchin Clerks and playin on FB , definitely a lazy friday 
Had a great day yesterday and now im off to work to hopefully repeat the feeling ! 
day off ...... doin lots of errands , hopefully goin riding with < PROPFIRST > later . my phones actually operational , so if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out tonight let me know . :) 
FINALLY back from Killington ! very happy , but also very tired !! 
:P my yearnings outweigh my earnings ...... 
stayed up late last night watching Lost because a coworker of mine wants to prove that his show is better than mine ( TrueBlood ) So far mine is superior , however Lost is pretty good ........ mmmmmmmm Sawyer ........... 
alright , that's it ! How in the hell do you make the little black heart symbol ?!?!?!?!?! 
home and covered in eau d ' horse . I love it ! 
rode a 5 thousand dollar bike today ,..... Its gonna take a lot for me to wanna spend that much on somethin im only gonna be riding recreationaly 
don't got no internet at home so im stealin from work ! ;P hehehe all sneaky like ....... 
and so the triumphant return to the internet ! after 8 days that felt like an eternity ..... i missed you ! :P 
just rocked a day at the cafe for a GIN BLOSSOMS concert ! they rocked , what little i heard from the kitchen :) 
Goin out to Wompatuck for Kevins last race of the year ! Good Luck Kev ! 
great and exhausting day at Wompatuck ! Congrats to everyone who finished ! Our own BogDog < PROPFIRST > , got 2nd overall for the season ! Awesome job Kev ! 
havin a nice lazy day today . Tryin to figure out how to get a cassette tape made into a cd .... any ideas ?? 
I like it on the treadmill 
29 days left !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! sooooo much stuff to finish and plan ahhhh ! 
watching Troy ...... admiring < PROPMALE > pitts sculpted abs and bad acting 
Finally got a < PROPMALE > to go through all the pics < PROPFIRST > posted for me from the show ...... i think we got a little camera happy 
finished watching the 5th season of Lost last night ! stupid < PROPMALE > got me hooked ! gonna wait till FL to get the 6th season 
okay FB , I've looked at all of my notifications , please stop tellin me i have unread messages ! kthanx ... byebye 
Human ........ my alternative protein of choice ! 
you look like a sad clown hooker .... 
genuphobia is the fear of knees .................... 
Flint Lockwood , your nothing but a Shenanaganizer ! 
4 days and counting ! 
Last day of work tomorrow ! 
your a freak and you stink like cheese ! 
LAST DAY !!! We head out in the A.M. so much left to do ....... im totally gonna forget something . 
Made it to Diablo around 12:30 . Got some great shots of the park and < PROPFIRST > . Raistlin did good thru most of the day by sleepin through it :) The drive to Chincoteague was a little bit more of a hassle but we made it here around 10:30 , and are now enjoying the comforts of our hotel room . I'm VERY excited about tomorrow ! 
We MADE IT !!!! arrived in Englewood at 8:30 this morning and passed out ! < PROPFIRST > is my new hero , for his inhuman ability to drive long distances without flinching ! 
2nd day home , gotta go get stuff to paint our room so it can be lived in . Lovin all my moms animals ! I missed livin in a zoo :) Last night i shared my coach with 3 cats and a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > named Kissy ! 
Got the room almost done , just have to do details on my wicked awesome tree !! I'll get pics up when i'm done :) 
just watched The Box with < PROPFIRST > diaz and some other people who were equally as terrible . my advice ............... don't 
got the job with mom at the vet as a receptionist :) gonna go see HP7 tomorrow , a wrestling show on Sat . and a Grande Prix show on Sun ! life is good ! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
BORED !!! I need someone to come kick my ass off of FB and take me to the beach ! 
my mom's house ate my cell phone ! It's here somewhere ......... I swear ! :( ........... 
All my love and prayers and thoughts to my < PROPFEMALE > and the whole < PROPMALE > family . Your mommy was greatly loved and will be greatly missed . 
cold AND rainy ............ awesome 
tried to get pictures of the eclipse last night but failed miserably . It was still really amazing though ! Happy Winter Solstice ! 
< PROPFEMALE > X-MAS < PROPFEMALE > !! 
home from work an hour and a half later than normal to spend 20 < PROPFEMALE > on hold with Belkin tryin to figure out how to connect various laptops to network .............. now onto HALO to work out some aggression :P 
home five minutes and already in my PJ's! Bruschetta smorgasbord for dinner tonight ! :P 
I love Florida ! It's December 31rst and its 80 degrees outside ! 
sick today ... watching original episodes of the Green Hornet ! 
