well the buccaneers won now all i need is for the packers to lose .... and the giants 

this is my first day and sooo far i am way confused 
um day 2 and so far its pretty interesting 
yardwork sucks ... next time i weed wack i'm wearing shin-guards 
Goin to the fair tomorrow ! i'm going to ride the power if it killls me !!! 
its hard to get excited for the fair when i have to go to the orthodontist first .... 
fair ... fun yes .. sickening yes ... power nooooo ! I went on every ride except the power .. and i say nay nay to the orbiter 
today is a sad day .. i learned only 4 more weeks of summer ... 
today has been a great day ... i've played my best game of pool in months 
I'm going to Inception tonight ... hope its as good as everyone says 
inception is the best movie i've seen all year 
Soccer camp next week ... hope i dont get embarrased by the older kids 
I'm gonna be < PROPFEMALE > out of shape for the NC soccer camp ... i hope i dont die 
today is the day i learn if i'm good enough to play for NC next yr ... i freekin nervous 
Today I feel like i'm about to play in the world cup ..... i'm soooo nervous for this 
it was fun ... i'm gonna bring 6 water bottles tomorrow tho 
I remeber the days < PROPFEMALE > i was the best at the camp ..... now i'm only the 9th 
haha i hav 69 friends hahaha 
Soccer camp will be better today cuz i'm plannin on stayin hydrated this time 
Maybe eatin a ton of food before goin to a very fast soccer cam wasn't such a good idea 
soccer was fun today ... no 20 < PROPFEMALE > lecture on running 
soccer training camp got canceled today ... something bout to much lightning and rain haha 
today was one of the funnest days of soccer i've ever played 
i'm about as sore today as i've ever been before in my life .... 
i wish this week of soccer would never end it was wayyy fun 
after a week of playin with seniors in soccer i've decided i'm probably gonna jv at least next yr . 
after a week of soccer i'v learned that i dont get a soccer tan ... i get a soccer sunburn 
soccer camp tomorrow haha best 2 weeks of soccer so far 
soccer is fun but it really makes you sore after 
last night was one of those nights < PROPFEMALE > i cant fall asleep ... i was up till 5 wich is < PROPFEMALE > a lot of people get up 
soccer camp is fun .... unless there are only 3 people there over the age of 13 
dude my ipod died 
after one of < PROPMALE > Empey's shows all i think is wow thats his masteriece .. but this his fainall installment leaves me feeling ... why do you have to go ? This truly was your masterpiece and casper college will alkwaysremember his legasy 
i'm so tired today 
When do we get our nc class schedual ? 
i think i'm waisting away my summer ... the past couple days i've woken up at anywhere from noon to 3 .. 
The hangover is one of the funniest movies ever 
Dude how many quizzes did i take ? Jeez i hav no life after 1 A.M. 
\I see nothing but the wind and the rain ! \ " Haha i love storms " 
so i woke p this morning and there was nobody in my house .. and as far as i could tell nobody in my neighborood ... i had one of those am i the last person on earth things .... haha it was great 
Dawg the man chief strikes again 
today was a pretty great day . now i just have to find some extraordinary stuff to do for the last week of summer 
haha everything is funner at 3 a . m .... especially stupid stuff haha 
nothin is like battling to the death with ur brother at 2 a.m. 
haha life is great ha nothin is ever wrong at 2:02 
hey my mom is making a commercial for casper and is looking for ppl who want to do it . if your interested let me know =) 
i'm not sure if being awake at 2:30 a.m. makes me more confused about stuff .... or less ? 
so i got my nc schedule . i'm pretty happy with it except for the fact that i got a class that i never signed up for 
i'm seriously thinking about nt going to oreintation tomorrow 
the sunset was awsome today ! it was so intense the ground outside my house was pink because of the clouds 
so its d-day .... and really i suppose there isn't anything to worry bout school . its just the change in wake up times 
So it wasn't as bad as i thought .... it was long but other than that it was cool . 
i got school supplies ... and sick shoes so i guess i'm ready for school 
< PROPFEMALE > night was awsome 
dude i hate it < PROPFEMALE > there is somthin funny i said but i cant freeekin remeber it later !!!! 
schools almost back and i suppose i'm as ready as i'll ever be 
i must be ready for school because i act out the that 70's show opening credits 
Ha school wasn't that bad ha ... i might enjoy my orange days 
the excitement of nc has worn off .... now i'm just really sad and stuff 
NC's first football game will be sick !!! 
wat a way to start a season ! wow go Mustangs !!!! 
We may not hav won freshmen but i did my best to inspire spirit ! with my awsome bandana ! 
NC is really legit .... but school gets really boring 
i dont understand the whole skype thing but i'm willyumwall haha 
ha the best way to celebrate my brother getin his licencse ..... buyin 22 tacos haha 
You know you look mature when they dont kick you out of the casino .. and your 14 haha 
dog goin to last exorcism tomorrow ... hopfully i wont be the loudest person there ... text me if u want to go 
Today was bitter sweet ... i go < PROPFEMALE > part but a lot of my friends didn't =/ 
NATRONA !!! i doubt we will lose a game this year .... probably wont even hav 50 points scored on us !!! 
Today was probably the funnest day of soccer so far ... we may not hav won but i did pretty good 
ha Buccaneers won their fist game !!!!!! 
for the win 
The freshemen teams are gonna tear it up today good luck ... and whoever is the home team expect to see me there 
That pepe rally legit fired me up i'm waaay readdy to win ! 
KW got lit up !!!! 45 nothin baby N-A-T-R-O-N-A !!!!!! NATRONA !!!!! 
dude the buccanneers are legit this year !!!! 
hmm so any good ideas for fundraisers ? 
perfect day for soccer 
i think i palyed well this weekend ... except the last game in which i SUCKED .. oh well i WILL be better next time 
< PROPFIRST > frustration .... wow 
i really need this weekend haha 
sombody tagged my brothers car hmmm who could hav done such a thing ?........ 
wow this has been a long week .... is it friday yet ? haha 
i've gotta go reprogram the VCR ;) 
like a boss 
Hummel why have your forsaken Purdue !!!! 
i like it < PROPFEMALE > there's a surprise twist that leads to the climax haha 
like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something \ 
I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The \ 
color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you \ 
remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My \ 
favorite thing about you . 7 . Challenge you to repost this . 
love how when a teacher says take out ur computers and work on an assignment quietly everyone just gets on facebook =) 
duuude paranormal activity 2 is soooooo goood waaay better than the first one jeez i wont be able to listen to a baby cry the same way again 
oh ya 4-2 go bucs !!!! 
dude people need to stop attending slap a gigner day !!! i could be dead by the end of the day !!!!!! 
Lebrons gonna own the celtics tonight !!! Go heat !!! 
ya not such a good day today .... fet sick after lunch nad been p . o . ed ever since 
got my basketball shoes ... dude very legit !!! 
NEW WORD REDANK it has a lot of hutsspa 
< PROPFEMALE > Stack is the coolest person on earth . She is beutiful and I love her . She is my secret crush and will always be , I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFIRST > Griffin is a BALLA !!! and best part ? < PROPFEMALE > 
in the words of Lebron what should i do ? hey chuck ... no seriously what should i do ? 
good game nc varsity u killed em the first half !!! good game nc jv u killed em the second half 45-nothin ya !!! 
well there goes basketball season .... 
so should i change my name to < PROPMALE > um McSexy Pants or < PROPMALE > The CEO of Funky Town ? 
ya bucs 5-2 
describe me in a word ? 
Man TopGun is my new favorite movie ha ya !!! 
good day ? no !! Bad day ? eh . its wierd how havin a bad day before always mkaes the next day a little bit better ? 
did you know that < PROPFIRST > durant could only bench 130lbs as a rookie ? 
dude tetris battle ? NEW ADDICTION !!! 
did this really happen ? i cant beleive this is real ? R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > 
why say epic ? from now on lets say legendary ! haha 
man dude coco is way funny glad conan's back on tv !!! 
we're encountering resistance from these babies haha funniest quote ever 
wow best preformance yet last night ! and i was sick all through horray for stage make-up covering my pale sick face 
Then there's istambull ( < PROPMALE > ) you mean istabrawl !!! ( me ) ..... will thats stupid ( < PROPMALE > ) what ? there was a fight there ? haha funniest thing of today 
goodbye bball season 
my new saying is akward sauce ... wow are all of \my new sayings\ " actually bridgers original sayings ? " 
so i just got my basketball shoes . Most Re-Dank shoes i've ever ordered ......... to bad i can't play this year ...... 
dude < PROPMALE > potter 7 is waaaaay re-dank .... it blew my freeeekin mind yo ! 
well slap me thrice and hand me to my mamma !!! 
wow fbb was pretty cool i had fun 
how much is an Eminem ? \ \ " 50 Cent \ " WHAT ?! That's Ludacris . I want \ 
Nobody's perfect ... but being SCOTTISH is close enough ! ;) 
you better CZECH youreslf before you wreck yourself =) 
i gained about 4lbs of food ... and its only lunch ! 
bathilda bagshot in the new < PROPMALE > potter was the scariest decrepid old lady ever .... her nastiness just stregthend my fear of decrepid old ladies ! 
i hate those nights whyn you just can't sleep .... =/ 
and that Will is the true meaning of Christmas ~ anonymous dream person 
< PROPFEMALE > is AWESOME !! :) <3 
i laughed so hard tonight !!! You cant leave it with you is hilarious ! 
i love getting up 2 hours a fifteen minuets later . i decided i really like state drama !!! 
shhh ! snowball guy's comming ! 
it happens =/ 
there is nothin funny about hitting ur funny bone !!! 
why 
school is cool ... 
in gym class ..... \i cant do that i'm to week and fat \"" 
i hav to get u a present ? ugh i thought i got u one last year =P 
i love subs in math !!! 
nike or adidas ? 
it beginning to look a lot like christmas ???? 
? ø ? † ? ˆ ˆß ç®å ? ¥¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡ can anyone guess wat i said ? 
Hello < PROPFEMALE > Tomorrow ... i'm nervous =/ 
well ... auditions are going to suck =/ i'm the only one without the appropriat clothing .... 
i did the best i could and i had fun =) that all you can do 
auditions today were really awesome ! 
thats more like it . It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ! 
didn't make call backs 
whew so now i'm nervous about the auditions .. because of callbacks 
so i didn't get the part i wanted ? but i did get a part ! now i just need to know ... who's < PROPMALE > ? lol 
so today i discovered that a certain somebody looks like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
If you had one shot , or one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted in one moment would you capture it ? Or just let it slip ? 
so i've memorized my lines haha 
i think i can handle 2 days this week 
way to be conceded and stupid at the same time !!! 
i love playing people who are worse than me at tetris ! 
so today is super easy ! all my finals done ! i just get to relax =) 
i'm so glad i can sleep in for 3 weeks 
i love rediscovering things from from years ago !!! hello guitar hero 
ugh wat did i do this time ? 
well ... this sucks 
alright sure pick on the stupid one thats cool !! 
we like sports and we dont care who knows !! 
my last status was tremendously funny but offencive so i apologize to the offended party 
new years resolutions\ 
I will stop considering other people's feelings when they so obviously don't consider mine - if that unwashed fellow sits next to me again , I'll tell him he stinks ! why ? itsthe011son 
i resolve to grow conan-ish beard upon my smooth < PROPFEMALE > babyface Why ? \ 
itsthe011son 
< PROPFEMALE > of god tonight at 7:30 to all theater kids come along and watch a great show 
new years resolutions \ 
make my hair look like a < PROPFEMALE > Pauly D !! Why ? \ 
my body is trying to kill me and my Xbox broke .... this sucks 
so i've got a dilemma now =( 
so school tomorrow ... no more sleeping in ... no more long nights ... unless by homework .. and the very possible < PROPMALE > i'm getting yelled at ... whoopy haha 
so first day back and i was told \ 
\you look more pale than usual ! \ " haha " 
i would like to appologize to everyone in Hello < PROPFEMALE > for me not being in it anymore ..... i feel like a theater whore ..... 
is liking your own status like making making your own sandwich ? 
the real micky < PROPMALE > was a < PROPFEMALE > 
haha bring on the crazies 
just so everybody knows i owwwned mr. murdock today by knowing more about < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
she let me wear my chain and my turtle neck sweater 
Mr. Murdock \in Alabama it's ok to play strip poker with your sister ? \ " \ 
so get your knees flexin and your arms t-rexin 
I always make women breakfast after a fantastic night ~ < PROPFIRST > Potter 
cop ... why you tweekin bro ? \ 
cuz he's really there ..... and my license is EXPIRED 
i've decided i'm having a < PROPFEMALE > Keisel beard 
Today < PROPMALE > Goodell privately met with < PROPMALE > Roethlisberger .... one of the only people willing to meet with him alone 
well since its Superbowl's < PROPFEMALE > i'd like to end the day by saying green & yellow 
i'm excited for the super bowl ... but almost as excited that there will be a halftime show with people who aren't practically dead !!! 
just so everyone knows i'm only sorta jumping on the packers wagon ... i simply chose the team without a rapist leading it . 
only time its acceptable to where green and yellow is when the word PACKERS is on 
big < PROPMALE > is getting raped .. oh how the tables have turned 
half-time fail 
Everything to say about the packers has already been said ... way to go packers !!!! and keisel .. your beard rocks 
i'm pretty sure i've liked around 20 things in the last 20 < PROPFEMALE > PACKERS all the way ! 
man i hate not being able to sleep .. especially when i know i'll be dying at school tomorrow 
longest day of my life ... 
so what was the best super bowl commercial ? 
no one man should have all that power 
school sucks without facebook ... especially when i'm the only person on 
M.I.T. = asians and expectations - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Wow thoroughly depressing week 
i just watched 127 hours ... wow i totally take life for granted at least i'm not a self amputated rock climber 
Oscars Best Actor Firth vs Franco ( franco all the way ) 
i need a celebrate look alike ... i mean trace has similar features to < PROPFIRST > bacon .. we all know who < PROPFEMALE > looks like ... WHO am I ? 
darn < PROPFEMALE > nights now i can't sleep ... well i couldn't anyway to much on my mind but still ... blame the wind 
i love pick up lines ... the more ridiculous the better ! 
I am whatever you say I am . if I wasn't then why would you say I am ? 
i always get such a sense of achievement when i finish hard homework ... to bad its about 2 weeks late 
its like eating a samich without meat ... just not quite as satisfying 
I hate how ESPN has the same SportsCenter playing all day long in an unending loop . 
I think most politicians could take a dodgeball in the face . 
Fresh < PROPMALE > of Bel-Air rerun's made my whole month of February 
just got the most legit soccer cleats ever .... i'm officially ready for soccer season 
is it a good thing that i can quote certain movies and TV shows word for word ? 
there aint no rest for the wicked 
whats better than making a samich at 11:11 ? having sombody else make you a samich at 11:11 
soccer season is definitely gonna be fun this year 
just got the best soccer cleats ever made 
Boiler Up 
man dont sneak up on me like that i almost staaaabed you ! 
i hate reports ... especially when they are due tomorrow ...... darn procrastination 
\he's like a groundhog ... he never leaves his hole \"" 
it's not what you say but how you say it 
i hate when people think my whole life revolves around them . 
Foreigner was legit tonight great job cast !!!! 
Remember when you were planning to go to bed an hour ago ? Oops 
most gratifying thing to be told as an actor\ 
\your only a freshmen ? Keep doing this !!! \ " great job everyone terrific job !! " 
If you're first you're first If you're second you're nothing 
Soccer isn't about how quick you are , its about how quick you play 
moral if the story ? ALWAYS stretch before soccer . 
best soccer practice yet ..... probably because of no conditioning !!! 
fun week , lots of soccer , can't wait for the season !!! 
i should definitely become a chef 
are oranges called oranges because they're orange ? Or is the color orange called orange because of the oranges ? 
injuries suck ... end of story 
So far so good with my bracket 
so i started the game , but then was out after 4 minuets ... darn knee 
all good things must come to an end 
that is why i stick to soccer 
it could be worse ... i could have no knees at all 
finally the knee is working . i can now get down to some serious soccer 
every singer has to make some song that is sappy and unrealistic to appeal to women 
days like today make it real easy to not like specific people 
Sunday comes after Saturday ? never would have guessed 
