for those of you who have ever wondered , yes it is possible to die of boredom . 

crap , all i wanted to do was die of boredom in peace but noooo , not happening at a conference full of doctors , cops , and ems . 
loves florida in the spring , end of March and it's 78 today , no humidity , and no clouds . if only we could skip summer in the 100s w/all the humidity 
i'm bored can't sleep . and don't have any sheep to count . apparently we aren't zoned for farm animals . oh well . 
I have decided to go to the gym Tuesday . I'm thinking on Wednesday I'll actually go in . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . 
I can't believe how addicting Vampires & Castle Age can be . I now humbly swear never to laugh at < PROPMALE > again ( or for the foreseeable future ) for spending hours on the xbox360 . 
Spring Break is almost over and the kids will be back in school Monday . Yes ! I love them , but I think they could cheerfully kill each other and then brag about it on My Space . 
I want a pool . The beach is great , but boring after a while . Yes , it is possible to get tired of the beach . 
Going to my son's football game later . He plays 8 on 8 in the spring . Go Hawks ! 
They guys worked hard for it , but we lost the game . I can't believe how much they've all grown . Half the team are as tall or taller than the coaches . 
kinda tired of the whole baked ham thing , so this year we are bbqing ribs . 
So I get home at 3:30 today and the water was shut off . I run around thinking we've got a busted pipe but can't find anything . Turns out that my neighbors were scheduled to have theirs shut off since they moved last week , but mine got it instead . A great big thanks to Murphy's Law . 
I think the dirty dishes breed in my kids ' rooms . 
Why is it that my daughter always needs laundry washed , but my son never has any to do ? Is it a boy thing ? 
mmm , chocolate chip cookie dough milkshake from SteaknShake , so good and so bad . 
Off to see my son's football team in the playoffs tomorrow outside of Tampa . This week he made starting offense ! GO HAWKS ! 
My daughter is taking her drivers test right now . I am so nervous for her . 
Oops ! Forgot to post that she passed her test . Tanis is now Licensed to Drive . I actually trust her driving , it's all the other idiots on the road I don't trust . 
really crappy day ! Christian was sent home from school after hitting his head in PE . I took him to the doctor who sent him for a CT scan . I am now sitting in his room in the pediatric ICU . my baby has a hairline fracture in his skull . i don't understand how something like this can happen in PE . He is sleeping now , but they had to give him pain meds so he could . 
Christian is spending one more night in PICU . He is much better , but they want to watch him one more night . The neurologist has nixed any sports for the next 3 months . This did not make Christian very happy . I just want him to get well and if that means no sports , he can suck it up ! ;) He's actually been a really good patient . 
He is out of PICU . He is now in a regular room in pediatrics . I am crossing my fingers that he can go home tomorrow . 
Christian has been released from the hospital . 
Tough girls come from New York . Sweet girls , they're\ 
from Alabama . But us West By God < PROPFEMALE > girls , we have fire and ice\ 
in our blood . We can ride horses , be a debutante , throw left hooks , \ 
and drink with the boys , all the while making sweet tea with < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
And if we have an opinion , you know you're gonna hear it . I ... love ... being\ 
a WEST < PROPFEMALE > Girl !!!! ( Repost if your a True WEST BY GOD < PROPFEMALE > \ 
Girl 
OMG I am so addicted to Zoo Paradise ! It's too cute . 
OMG FB is making me wait til tomorrow to send more neighbor requests for Zoo Paradise . Maybe I'm playing too much ? ;) 
Christian isn't supposed to play sports ( even in PE ) for 3months due to his head injury . So I find out today that even though his PE coach knows this , he let Christian play soccer Friday . Christian has a bruise on his < PROPFEMALE > from one hit with the ball . Big deal right ? Well , I cringe when I think what could've happened if it had hit his head instead . 
had the best BBQ chicken for dinner . My daughter wanted to try using the grill so we talked her through it , and wow it came out great . It was so good I told her she has new job from now on . 
The gods of laundry frown upon me . 
in < PROPMALE > with < PROPMALE > for his annual conference . It's Florida without the humidity . It's so hot that Downtown < PROPMALE > has pedestrian tunnels between the office buildings for people to use instead of sidewalks . Downside is they are only open M-F during business hours . 
spent the day in New Orlean's French Quarter . Always wanted to come here . Love it ! Reminds me a lot of Key West , even has a lot of pirate decorations like the Keys . Haven't left yet and still can't wait to come back . 
Thanks to everyone for the Happy Birthdays ! 
Watched my son's football practice this evening . I realized how much he's grown standing next to the other guys . He's not the tallest , but damn he's grown . I am officially the shortest in the house now . Their lovin it . 
YAY ! Tanis made the Varsity Volleyball team . 
Watching the movie Sahara on TV . LOVE the movie . < PROPMALE > won't let me buy it cuz he says we won't ever watch it if we own it . He's got a point . I bought < PROPFIRST > of the Dead and now we never watch it unless we find it on TV . 
Back to School today . Tanis is a Senior and Christian is in 8th . Don't know whether to break out the < PROPFEMALE > mix or cry , maybe both . Tanis drove herself and is parked in the reserved Senior parking . Apparently , this is the only reason she conceded to go back to school . 
so the garbage disposal wasn't working and I called the repairman . Turns out someone let a bunch of rocks fall in there . When I ask who did it I will suddenly have the most innocent of children who would never ever do such a thing . 
Why do my dogs , who don't know english , listen better than my kids ? I think all children suffer from Selective Hearing Impairment . Unfortunately , the only known treatment involves bribes and/or disciplinary action . 
OK , I've got my hip waiders and umbrella . Not sure if I'm preparing for Florida's horrendous weather or politicians . Both seem to be pretty nasty this week . 
Starbucks sells this new instant coffee for cold water . Instant venti iced latte , YUM ! I've had 2 today already . I can actually feel the caffeine taking over . 
just finished cooking and delivering dinner for Mainland HS ' varsity and jv volleyball teams , coaches and managers . 20 or so players with average of 3 games a week for a 10 week season and only 4 parents volunteered to do meals . PATHETIC . 
Christian turns 14 today . He's so excited . Presents , money and one year closer to his learner's permit . I miss the Christian from yesterday ; he was one year further away from his learner's permit . 
Saturday doesn't feel right without watching the guys play football . Listening to < PROPMALE > Chesney's Boys of Fall isn't the same . Christian is playing flag football now . At the games I hear some of the parents complain that the Pop < PROPMALE > guys have an unfair advantage . Too funny , specially when we have to remind them not to tackle . 
Please post this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons or don't believe in dragons . 6% of people are ... ... sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , whilst the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this . 
Had a wonderful Christmas . 30 minutes of unwrapping followed by everyone heading to their caves to play with the newest electronic gadget or game . Gotta love it . 
I hate putting away the Christmas decorations . I'm one of those people who starts looking forward to the holidays around the beginning of August . 
< PROPMALE > just told me that he did the math and that he had been married half his life . He then asked me how long I had been married . I said I can't count that high . 
Looks like we're saying goodbye to Florida and moving to northern < PROPFEMALE > as soon as school lets out . Convenient timing too , Tanis graduates in May and Christian starts High School in the fall . 
My mother is very dissapointed that we are leaving Florida . I'm beginning to wonder if maybe she liked visiting FL more than us ? Nah , FL has the parks and beaches , but I've got her grandkids . HAH ! Take that Florida ! 
I just called in early dismissal for Tanis so she can go to lunch with friends and take more time than the school gives for lunch . Does this make me a good mom or a bad one ? Cuz right now she thinks I'm awesome , but < PROPMALE > thinks I'm a pushover . 
