needs to stop being sick . 

needs to clean her room before leaving for < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is going to skip her piano lesson . Why ? Because I don't want to go ( and haven't practiced ) ... 
is PACKING ( I keep thinking I'm forgetting something ... ) 
< PROPFEMALE > ( 6/18 - 7/4 ) . Later , losers . :P 
got quarantined in < PROPFEMALE > for an hour @ the airport . :DD 
' s yellow pig flip-flops broke . Buy new ones or tape ' em ? 
wants to leeeeeeeeeeeeeave . Tired of < PROPFEMALE > already . 
has a moldy brain ( and is back from < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
is relishing in air conditioning and internet . 
has 5's on both of her AP's . Woohoo . What a surprise ( notnotnot ) . 
ITCHES . 
going to Seattle today apparently ( since I'm making this message 1:00 in the morning ) . 
doesn't remember how to do math . 
saw < PROPMALE > Potter last night . :DD Thinks the ending was a little lame , doesn't get < PROPMALE > /Ginny , and I thought Narcissa was prettier ? 
totally excited for CTY ( a.k.a. the annual best three weeks of my life ) . 
misses CTY , got home at 12:15 , misses CTY , is listening to TVXQ , misses CTY , only has 17 notifications , misses CTY , misses her class ( GEE ! ) , misses her hallmates , misses everybody , but can now listen to TVXQ ... 
is depressed because she's not at CTY , doubly depressed because her iPod is still broken and doesn't know how to fix it , and triple-y depressed because all these TVXQ breakup rumors are very sad . D: 
Damn it , my camera's such a high resolution that my pictures are kinda gross , the class vid doesn't read , and my computer is fucking slow ... 
is tired of tagging . People , tag yourselves . DD: 
JESUS lives ! 
is not excited for dance intensive tomorrow . Requires too much energy and will be cracking Chem jokes that nobody understands ... 
slept in and is missing the ballet half of dance camp . Her excuse is : flight complication got her in really late , ' cause that did happen , but just two days ago . So shhhhhhhh ! 
hates pointe shoes . 
is content ( pointe shoes didn't really hurt today , took a nap , ate ice cream , had a laugh , someone actually called me back ) 
listens to Mirotic and does math when she's angry . 
went to Apple Store and found out her iPod is totally DEAD . So her dad microwaved it and tore it apart . DD: 
just ate a lot of pretzels . Ugh . 
is thinking of TVXQ . :) 
is sad because TVXQ might actually break up . Court/D-Day , 21st . DD: 
binged on ice cream today and has a dentist appointment on Saturday ... 
left her pants at her ballet studio . 
has 6 cavities . DD: Must've been all those Hapi Colas during study hall . 
ran around her house today in purple leggings , old pointe shoes , and a reeeeally puffy scarf . Hahaha . I wish I had better things to do in life . 
is listening to TVXQ/DBSK . :) 
got a 76/80 on the ChemA pos t-t est . I wonder what I missed ... 
finally finished watching Boy Over Flowers ... 
might've just died . SciOly State is on the same day as the Spring < PROPFEMALE > . 
eats too much applesauce and is almost done with her WHAP summer hmwk ( YES ! ) . 
cleaned through her CTY stuff today and misses people . ): 
is now using her ancient , first mp3 player in lieu of her permanently broken iPod . 
got new jeans today ( and momentarily entertained the thought of sending them to < PROPFIRST > to see if they fit him too . ) :D 
googled nerdy pick-up lines today . Lol , if I was an enzyme , I'd be helicase , so I could unzip your genes . ;D 
is not too excited about sitting in the front row in Calc . D: 
enjoys listening to TVXQ . :) 
watched < PROPFEMALE > the Explorer in Chinese today . Hahaha . 
is very sorry if she's spamming people with her updates and her frustration with the not-posting MarriageBot ... 
is vaguely irritated . Her internet is being quite slow . 
needs to find a different profile picture ... 
is not amused by the homework she should've done earlier ... 
is SAD . DD: ( Kpop-related , but not TVXQ thankfully ) 
asked her sister for help on math homework for the first time EVER and she didn't know how to do it ( I'm in Calc AB and she's in Calc BC ) . :( 
is vaguely apprehensive . 
left her Calc homework at school . Oh bother . 
' s best friends only last a year and a half . 
... what is the POV of the Code of Hammurabi ? 
planned out another parody movie with Sister . 
needs a ride from ( and preferably to , as well ) ballet for the next two weeks . Any takers ? I would just skip but we're starting rehearsals so ... 
thought homecoming was ... interesting . 
SciOly meeting tomorrow during lunch in Lemberg's room ! Wear your shirt ! 
can't wait for this week to enddddddd . 
is so excited for Nutcracker this year : Demi-Snow , Doll with < PROPFIRST > !, and a Chinese Solo both casts ! Omg . :) 
just kind of fell over while turning during Snow rehearsal today . Haha . So much fun . 
is debating whether she should post the homecoming pictures of her and < PROPFEMALE > or not ... 
has decided . 
is not excited for her piano lesson today . I kind of want to quit , but then I'd feel bad ... 
has finally ordered new pointe shoes . Aren't you proud of me ? 
just got a shoulder-transmitted disease ( STD ) from < PROPFIRST > . :) 
needs help on Asn 30 from Heynemann ! #27 , 31 , 41 . I have everything else , I just need those three ... :( 
got her pointe shoes ! But her parents are in Hawaii so she can't sew them ... 
is pleased with her new pointe shoes . :) 
feels shitty/nauseous/sick however you want to say it . 
might be getting her phone taken away because of a certain SOMEBODY . 
is regretting not doing these Bio Labs earlier ... 
shit . 
' s mom saw ( and talked to ! ) Mrs. < PROPFIRST > at the Post Office . Omg . 
is going to be killed by her piano teacher , and then resurrected just so she can be killed again . 
can't wait for Thanksgiving break to be heeeeeeeere . 
is contemplating changing her profile picture ... 
feels weird not going to ballet for more than one day ... 
doesn't want to reeeeead . 
hmmm , what to do first , Bio or World ? 
really likes her new leotard . Hehe . :) 
got scratched by her cat again . 
well , that was embarrassing . 
can we just talk about how I started a fire in the microwave today ? 
WAAA , PIKACHU ! 
well , that wasn't awkward at all . :/ 
got a haircut . :) 
finally home from Vegas . :) Time to work , work , work ! 
got back from Vegas , need to do homework , and got a Hello < PROPFEMALE > toaster for Christmas , ha . Happy New Years ! :) 
\It's hideous . I love it . \ " :) " 
haha , apples + peanut butter = yum yum . :) 
world , calc , pottery , chinese , bio , and english in that order . any classes together next semester ? :) 
why has today been such a horrible day ? :/ 
kind of disappointed with her lack of Demi-Snow pictures ? :/ 
lost The Good Earth :/ Anyone seen mine ? #84 ? 
has had a pretty decent Monday so far , hope it stays that way ? :) 
new phone ( iPhone ! ) , old number :) and new computer too ?! 
thinks that today just made up for the entire week :) 
thinks today didn't go as bad as I thought it would . Happy Chinese New Year everybody ! :) 
thinks Mr. Heynemann is the funniest person in the world right now , haha :) 
doesn't understand why this always happens ... 
wishes her mom would just die and burn in hell forever ... 
thinks almond poppy cream cake is quite possibly the most beautifully delicious thing i have ever tasted . oh so yum yum :) 
enjoys abusing prepositions and commas while writing essays for Mr. Cook , haha :) 
won 1st for Ecology , 2nd for Environmental Chem , and 3rd for Cell Bio @ SciOly Regionals ! Congratulations Union C-19 !! :) 
the limit of my love as x approaches you is positive infinity or does not exist <3 
has come to a conclusion . 
just compared Zac Efron's eyes to Mr. Akers's xD I hope all you die-hard fangirls are properly scandalized haha :) 
um , is the Latin American pencast not working for anybody else ? 
has officially decided not to do TrigStar again , I don't remember trig at all ! 
was not raped by the AP Calc exam haha :) 
studystudy , APWORLDTEST !, then dancedancedance :) haha 
back from festival haha :) time to kill some grishkos before i try those fuzis 
was unsuccessful but will survive haha :) 
had lots of fun last night :) yay Chinese Club ! 
got hit in the head with a baseball ( thanks Sunjay ) , has SAT 2's tomorrow and hasn't really studied , has ballet performance tomorrow , Relay for Life right after , a mother who doesn't want to drive in the sun ( in case she tans , omg ! ) , and seems to have misplaced her Relay shirt ... haha 
regrets taking Biology - M , I should've taken Ecology ! 
is vaguely disappointed but still satisfied with her SAT scores . 
' s cat has an illegitimate child ! He's so cute , haha :) 
' s 15th birthday has been a good day . :) 
is in so much pain >.< but Voldemark's piece is so cool ! :D Super excited ~ 
' s Fuzis are sewed and ready to go for Monday ! :) 
got dropped and subsequently kneed in the crotch at dance today . Ow , haha . 
1st Semester Schedule : 1 ) Human Anatomy - Ridgway ; 2 ) AP < PROPFEMALE > - Beh ; 3 ) AP US History - Asher ; 4 ) AP Chinese - < PROPFIRST > ; 5 ) AP Calc BC - Heynemann ; 6 ) AP Chem - Lemberg ... any classes together ? :) 
had a great day today :) the show was far from perfect but it looked ( and felt , I guess ) pretty sick ! 
are we supposed to double-space our AP < PROPFEMALE > essay/analysis thing ? 
pretty satisfied with the first day of school :) 
just spent an hour going to and from downtown Vancouver and didn't get any dancing , creeping , or food out of it . Thanks , White Lady of Rohan . 
is pretty excited for tomorrow : Chinese Club , AP Chem lab , and ( finally ) dance ! Oh yeahhh :] 
Does your mind BURN with the fiery passion for SCIENCE ?!! If so , Join Union Science Olympiad or RESIGN YOURSELF TO A LIFE OF SCIENTIFIC OBSCURITY !! ( especially < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Pollmann - JOIN SciOly ! ) 
has had a really great day - 1776 the musical , very little homework , creeped Eowyn , took three cookies , and Glee with Sister ! Happy Mid-Autumn Festival everybody ! :) 
is Demi-Snow ( cast A/B ) , Maid ( B ) , Spanish ( A ) , Waltz Corps ( A ) , and DEWDROP ( B) ! Good day today - got the roles I wanted , EOWYN , great preps with Brij , and a successful helicopter with < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
needs to plan her homework out two weeks in advance . 
seems to have actually sweated ? the cat scratches off my nose during Eowyn's class today haha .... woah . 
dentist appointment , Japanese buffet !, and hanging out with Chuckles instead of studying ... haha productive day off ? 
' s cat scratches on her foot are still there . Sweating in Eowyn's class doesn't work ! Maybe if she didn't cuss at me so much ... haha :) 
almost destroyed my computer just now ! ( but thankfully did not haha ) 
spent the weekend in Seattle with Sister ! Now to do some homework ... 
feels really proud of herself . I just wrote the worst essay in the world and I don't care ! ( but only because it's a rough draft and the teacher never reads those ) xD 
loves Eowyn who brings cookies and < PROPFEMALE > who brings cake ! :) 
had a pretty EPIC day today : choosing frames for my glasses , taking pictures on < PROPFEMALE>'s laptop during rehearsal break , and did a helicopter with Brij ! Yeeeeeah ! ~ xD 
loves dancing and the people she dances with ! 
' s parents were part of the People's Liberation Army , hahahahahaa . 
NyQuil , night night ! :) 
turns out , did not lose her calculator . 
doesn't know what to do for Company individual photos ! 
is giving thanks ! :) 
are you readyyyy ?! 
just keep studying , just keep studying ... 
ah , still studying ...... 
success , ha ! 
lives in a constant state of _______ . ( mad libs time ! ) 
tried having fun with Dewdrop like < PROPFIRST > did in hopes of an awesome , recorded run but just ended up zoning out on dead pointe shoes . Ha , oh well . Nutcracker is over ! :) 
played mahjong and got a haircut yesterday , ate dim sum for lunch , is excited for Open Jazz at BodyVox later , and just realized that mastication is an awkward word that sounds like something else haha :) 
in Vegas and super sore from crazy but awesome jazz class yesterday at BodyVox ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! :) 
hahaha , Hot Topic selling unauthorized Korean pop albums ?!? Really bad ones too . I mean seriously , step it up ! < PROPFEMALE > pirates stuff better ! 
my phone mysteriously stopped working ?!?? 
who inspires me ? 
feels the pain of probation , hahahahaha . 
SAT(so long ! ) , Company sweats(haha yes we do ) , and Swan Lake(little swans = death) ! 
why does writing make my shoulder hurt ?! T.T oh probation ... 
is about two and a half hours behind on homework , haha . grrrrrreat . 
FINALS : in the bag ! 
( Little Swans)^5 + < PROPFEMALE > = Draught of Living Death . Add ice and serve cold . 
????? :) 
got free stuff and made it past lunch ! I call it a success hahaha :) 
good news today ! 
icing . but in an accomplished way haha . 
and finally ... freedom ! one more time ... 
adjudication ?! in the bag ! 
got kneed in the crotch again . Thanks Chuckles . But at least it went well ! :) 
feels unloved sometimes but recognizes that this is merely a feeling and not necessarily a reality . 
ready , set , gooooooo ~ 
SCIENCE OLYMPIAD . Not bad ? hahahahaha 
tree hunting ! it's that time of the year again ... 
seems to have started a Skype tutoring service hahahahaha . 
Envirothon ! yeeeeeeeah ~ 
\It's not gross . It's love\ " haha . " 
blargh , just a card game !.... 
no more little swans !!! 
just spent the last 30 minutes watching YouTube fouettes and well , nobody is really impressive anymore after watching < PROPFEMALE > Murphy haha . 
just took an AP Chinese practice exam T.T whyyy did I have to drop out of Chinese school ... 
loves Science Olympiad ! YES , we are the best ( well , third) ! 
frozen yogurt , gangster chickens , hanging out with my dance family , and seeing Eowyn made not going to prom totally worth it . 
didn't think Chinese was actually that bad until I starting speaking ... 
freedom !!! 
just saw Eowyn the White Lady of Rohan on TV !! 
Yay ! No more Vegas ! 3rd at State Envirothon ! :D 
don't text me ! apparently I don't have unlimited ... 
SciOly Dinner , The Old Spaghetti Factory @ 7 tomorrow , Wednesday , June 1st ! Both teams are invited , remind everybody to come ! 
used my post-SAT freedom to watch Eowyn's show ! Yay ! Baked goods !! 
went to Eowyn's class today and got a baked good !!! 
Saw Yicheng Sun @ Yale !! Crazy small world haha 
4 in AP Chinese broke my 5 streak . Still pretty satisfied hahaha . 
16 ! :) finally , haha . 
just spent 140 minutes on Skype with < PROPFEMALE > and Sister ! :D 
feels USED . Sister ( < PROPFEMALE > Zhou ) only skypes me so I can do her math homework :( 
kinda really wants ice cream RIGHT NOW . 
bad weather , good bubble tea , great company . thanks JuHee < PROPFEMALE > , Kalina P . Slavkova , < PROPFIRST > Xiaohan Chen for paying , and especially < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Wang for the umbrella !! 
why am i awake right now .... it's 4 in the morning >.> not even studying ... 
according to < PROPFIRST > Guan , I look like the real-life version of a Pokemon gym leader . When he sees me , he thinks Pokemon master , lol . thanks , best compliment ever ! xD 
kinda easy final , hot pot buffet for lunch ... don't get jealous yet , this day keeps getting better and better ;) 
HOME FEELS SO WEIRD . I was only gone for like 2 months ... T.T 
my dad bought me a new laptop !, my mom bought me .... hello < PROPFEMALE > Q-tips ?? 
1-AP US Gov , 2-MV Calc , 3-AP Physics , 4-AP Econ , 5-AP Stats , 6-AP Lit(Carlson ) , classes anybody ? :) 
company beach trip !!! lots of traffic , but lots of fun ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Last Dancer is a really good movie !! “ ??????????? \ " , 2011-08-22 07:06:46 " 
it was not fear , but unbridled glee ! keke 
SciOly meeting during lunch tomorrow in Rm 231 ! Bring your friends ! :) 
SciOly starts tomorrow after school in Rm 231 ! Don't forget !! 
sorry guys , no SciOly tomorrow ! spread the word ! 
think i lost my science bowl water bottle :( 
it's wrong and it's weird in full chemical gear , time to welcome to the suck because i'm sold ( but it's just not the same without everybody ) 
