Well I finally got a facebook ... What happens now ? 

Q : Why are guys who play French Horn always happy ? \ 
A : Because they get to finger a warm hole ! 
Welp the concert is tonight and I've missed the past two rehearsals . I'm flying by the seat of my pants now ! 
Sunburns hurt ! I'm just tired as hell from the trip though ... God damn five in the morning ... 
Q : Where do French Horns go when they die ? \ 
A : Back to another fetus because God knows there are only a few people skilled enough to play French Horn ! 
Let us not forget those who fought and died in the name of our government ... For they dedicated their lives to officials they did not know in hopes that those officials would assist them in protecting this home land we all love so much ... You have my eternal respect , fallen heros 
First day of helping at Summer school . Maybe I should be a teacher ? 
Stupid Math Placement ... Now I have to review math during my summer break ! 
Thank god the weekend is almost here ... 
Going to work , going to work ... 
Ha ! I'm getting outta here for practically the entire weekend ! Amarillo today and Albuquerque tomorrow ... 
Its a good thing I have a big ass because I'm flying by the seat of my pants for quite a while ! 
I'm home from Albuquerque . I really wish we could have taken my pickup instead of < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > pickup ... My neck is sore from that ! 
Let's hear a big hooray for the working class ! Like this to give a \Hooray ! \"" 
Damn work is knda sucking today . Straight from tutoring at the < PROPMALE > High to freakin Dairy < PROPFEMALE > ... I want my check now ! 
To all whom it may concern : I was planning on leaving at 8:00 a.m. for Amarillo , post if that's ok with you ? I don't want any gas money , just willing to car pool this trip ... 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
One handgun popsicle please ... DX 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > back today . My mom wants me to get pickets for our broken ass fence but I only hope I have the money ... I'll miss < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Work work work ... I'm gonna make a decent pay check with all the hours I'm getting 
Damn this song is sexy ! Check out Smooth Operator by < PROPFEMALE > ! Candle-lit dinner plus girlfriend plus this song equals one happy ending ! 
Laguna Coil's song Our Truth is amazing . < PROPFEMALE > Scabbia is so talented ... One of the few vocalists left who acctually can sing . No Auto-tone ( T-Pain , Li'l < PROPMALE > ) or studio assistance ( < PROPFIRST > Morgan+many others ) ... 
< PROPMALE > Beck is so dumb . He looks like a retard trying to make the goverment look like a retard ! 
Saw that < PROPFIRST > Hood movie with < PROPMALE > Crowe yesterday . It had good acting with more than one familiar actor , a well developed plot sequence that flowed easily , many interesting themes I personally like , plus a historical background which gives those themes greater meaning . Four and a half stars , if not all five . 
New songs learned ! On guitar : Bodies by Drowning Pool and Push It by Static-X , working on Stricken by Disturbed . Bass Guitar : Bodies by Drowning Pool and Push It by Static-X 
There is no food here ... 
gosh I can't believe I completely forgot to let her know when I got home , when I was thinking about it all the way into my house ! 
Damn I gotta pack tomorrow ! 
Oh boy itsa comin ' ... Haha I can't wait ! 
On the road again , can't wait to get on the road again ... 
I'm all settled in now . Let the classes begin ! 
Man it was cool not having classes yesterday when everybody else did ! Today is a different story though ... 
I hate technology ... I tried to register my remote for a class and it denied my account ... And then it takes my friend's account FROM THE SAME BANK and approves it ! So now I owe < PROPFIRST > lunch but I will happily pay ! 
5:01 party at Sigma < PROPFIRST > . Sweet . 
Home again home again . Except I didn't jog , I drove . So much I've missed its almost hard to believe I'm back ... 
Back again , back again . Stupid long trips ... 
Damn I hate speeches ! Especially informative ones , because it is my natural tendency to write to persuade ... 
I been everywhere man ... Including the Corbett Center free 24 hour computer lab ! Hellz yea to homework ! 
How do you write a Lab Report about a lab you did nothing experimental in ? 
So hot ... Why ...? Band is gonna suck something awful today ... 
Boy I learned the hell out of Spanish today ! Go for gold ! 
Just want my Albuquerque family to know : I'm coming to Albuquerque for a performance with the Pride . We'll be there sometime on Friday to perform on Saturday . I don't know exact times yet , I'm just getting the idea out there . I hope to see you guys there soon ! 
Albuquerque : We play Friday at the Eldorado vs . Cibola football game post-game , approx . 9:30 . We then play Saturday at the Los Lunas game at halftime , the game starts at 1:00 . Can't wait to see everyone there ! Tambien , I'll be free after the performance Friday and I would love to see you all afterwards for perhaps dinner ? 
I'm so excited to have the day off ! 
Why can't all my classes be lectures ? That would be so nice ... 
Evil Angel by Breaking < PROPMALE > sounds like freedom ... 
Just got back , it was a great trip . Uncle < PROPMALE > , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > I'm sorry we didn't get to meet ! 
It's another day and another dollar or several I have to spend . How exciting . But I did meet < PROPMALE>'s family and they are very nice , I enjoyed spending time with them . 
Woo homework can suck it ! I'm on top of this business ! Can't wait for Marching Band today , we're gonna rock some Swing , Swing , Swing and some Poker Face . It really gave me the boost I needed yesterday ... 
Out of bed on the right side , left foot forward first ... Man today started out well , and it's gonna be great ! 
Well I give up . I got nothin . I won't ever have anything . Forget it if I ever think I'm gonna be good for a girl . I regret finding my shortcomings the way I did ... 
Damn the game today , I have so much homework I could do ... 
Forget Red Seal . 
I just looked up the difference between Bum and Drifter on Wikipedia ... Just a cool piece of information , really . 
I love having Tuesdays to do homework and nothing 
My mind is in overdrive ... There is depth and meaning and organization to every little instance in daily life . It is incredible and beautiful . So much to see , and so much depth to it all ... On a deep level , the only study is the study of Psychology and how thoughts change reality ... I can't write everything down . You have to read my journal to understand :( 
Woohoo , a whole day devoted to homework ... 
Two exams today , I must admit I'm kinda nervous . Not as nervous as I was for the Spanish exam , though .... 
I knew they were gonna bash that car at the pep rally tonight ! 
I watched Idiocracy today . I think its the best movie I've seen in a long time . It has alot of themes , but my favorite theme can also be expressed in Korn's music video \Evolution . \ " Real writers don't just try to make a living . Real writers are trying to save humanity ... " 
< PROPFEMALE > and I just keep running ... I just hope I don't meet her fate as well ... 
I hate difficult lab reports ... But I may see about changing my < PROPMALE > to some combination of Biology and English . Those two subjects really complement each other well for me . 
Woohoo I get to do so much homework tomorrow ! I'm so excited ... Man this trip is murder on my classes ... 
I can't wait to go home , and then to Indianapolis ! Today was an extraordinary day , probably because it was crammed with homework and I get a rush from that sense of accomplishment . 
Badass no rehearsal today ! I'm thrilled to have a free afternoon ! 
I'm home again ! But dammit I gotta get going tomorrow morning ... Time is so precious ! 
We're in the Motel6 in Springfield , Missouri . The trip so far actually felt shorter than it was . All I can say is that I miss the ol ' six string ... And my beautiful bass . There are so many tabs I would play if I had one or the other . I'll suffice to look up the tabs and save them , though ... 
We're finally in Indianapolis . We stopped in St. < PROPFIRST > and saw the Arch , if you can't tell already haha . We got some really great photos , and our hotel is nice , so I'm happy and enjoying the city ! 
Haha so much for my short stay in Indianapolis ! I'll leave tomorrow to go back home , and hopefully not suffer as much for the hellacious long drive I'll have to take back to Las Cruces ... I can't wait to see my brother play , and hopefully I'll get to play with their band ! 
Well , I'm on my way back home for the rest of the week ... Hello airplane flight ! 
I'm happy to know I did better than at least 42 people at Nationals haha ! I really want to know detailed results though . Can't wait for my brother's football game ! 
Finally I can get on Facebook again , the stupid internet server wouldn't let me on earlier ... I vote for homecoming < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Go Christoph and Gabby ! 
Note to all : My cell phone will die soon and my charger is in the mail , so if I don't answer my phone its probably dead . 
Scratch that , I just bought a charger so feel free to text me ! 
Oh yes ! My surveys are done and I'm gonna organize the info and write a paper ! Take that , fine-ass lab < PROPFEMALE > that hates me ! 
Sleep is such a damn commodity when you're playing college catch-up ... 
FREE FUCKIN ' KORN CONCERT !!!!! HELL YES ! I've never been so excited in my life ! On a different note : I've decided what I want to do with my college career . I will be a dual < PROPMALE > ( or a < PROPMALE > and a minor ) in Psychology with a slant towards Statistics , and either a < PROPMALE > or a minor in Accounting , depending on how much time I have . Life is great ! Text me if you wanna talk ! 
I hate not having gas money , I'm so pissed about missing the concert ... 
One more assignment ... Damn ! Its funny how so many people don't consider survival and continued existence when they look at the world . Thinking that way helps to see what is really important in life ... 
Black coffee , Facebook , and the Wednesday paper ... What a great morning . 
\Bad news never has a good timing ... But I know the heart of life is good . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Mayer . Never was a more perfect time in my life for this line ... " 
< PROPMALE > Tarantino's Pulp Fiction is an incredibly good movie . Great acting with < PROPFIRST > L . < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Travolta , and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Incredible outlook on society , especially through the eyes of underground gangster < PROPMALE > Winnfield ( < PROPFIRST > L . < PROPMALE > ) as he finds divine intervention in his life and inspiration to turn all the violence in his life around ... 
We have higher unemployment than Paraguay . Hot damn < PROPFEMALE > is lookin good ! 
Closure has come to me ... I finally understand Chevelle's pain filled clashes of chords and dischords 
The quest for quarters was successful . I am now finishing my laundry , thank you < PROPFIRST > . 
I'm far ahead on my homework and I'm very happy to have the evening off ! 
Well it looks like Psychology and Accounting dual < PROPMALE > isn't going to work unless I have six years to complete it , and so I'll be taking a Psychology < PROPMALE > with a minor in Counselling and Educational Psychology . However , my Viewing the Wider World classes will be Accounting and probably Business Administration . 
Awesome . Next semester all of my classes start later than 8:30 and are done by 2:30 any day , but on Friday I have one class in the morning and that's it . It's 17 credit hours but it doesn't look like that much , thank goodness 
Ugh ! I did NOT want to march the parade today ! Its friggin cold before the sun comes up ! 
Man I found the right side of the bed to wake up on today ! What an awesome day ! 
I'm covered in grease after spending all day under a pickup . I just want another cigarette and for this stupid slide show to be finished ... 
My coffee would be more enjoyable if my room didn't smell like an automotive student's room , with my power steering pump sitting on my desk ... 
I love having days with no class . Just scraping together the last bits of homework before the break ! 
I'm home ! 
Black Ops is one fun game . I particularly enjoy that they put a Zombies game mode on it . I'm also glad that the perks made online play alot more even . No more Stopping Power or Commando , and the quicker ADS doesn't work on sniper rifles by the definition of the perk . The campaign is kicking my ass , but its very good , and very suspensful . I would give it 4.5 or just maybe 5 stars . 
Just got back to Cruces with my family , and I'm ready to march at a game tomorrow ! 
Pretty thrilled , there is only one class that I'm not sure I'll have an A in 
I've discovered that repairing my truck ( yay success ! ) has given me a new fondness of it . I wonder if it is that way for anybody else ? 
They say the pen is mightier than the sword but damn ! I'd hate to have a pen in a swordfight ! 
likes Prometheus and < PROPMALE > . 
Such a beautiful day , and there is nobody out ! Its Sunday for sure ! 
Wooo-Hoo ! I feel great about my first final and I just got $61 for selling back two books ! 
Hell yea for getting an A in Spanish ! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Dear All , \ 
Please ignore the gay facebook spam about the girl getting busted , it is complete bullshit . I attempted to look at it , it wouldn't let me , then it posted to everybody's wall . I apologize for the inconvenience . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > Vandiver 
Confused ?!?! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOO !!! I'm fairly certain I got all A's this semester ! 
That < PROPFEMALE > pride keeps me singing , even in regret and miserable defeat .... \We're still screaming at the Wailing wall ! \"" 
Today I learned the nature of intelligence , from a philosophical standpoint , revisiting Aldous Huxley's Brave New World . But more importantly , I learned that even throughout everything the human mind can contemplate , all there is to living life is - - - Living Life . 
( continued ) Even if there is fate and a cause for everything , we would have no way of knowing or understanding it . Ultimately , to find a definition or a reason for the unexplainable odds that something does occur is in itself contradictory and self defeating . 
( continued , < PROPFEMALE > 3 ) A person cannot understand understanding or define existence using anything in existence , just like you can't define the function of a shovel using any physical part of the shovel , or understand why you understand the existence of the shovel . 
( continued , < PROPFEMALE > 4 ) To understand existence goes beyond rules , ideas , assumptions , observances , and everything we as humans can understand . It doesn't matter if God does or does not exist . What matters is how the idea of God affects our existence , and that is why I say all there is to living life is Living Life . 
Burnout ... Not much going on today 
6-19 Well here goes . You may not read this , but I hope you happen to see it . You changed my life . You taught me how to accept the past and look to the future as a stronger person . You taught me to respect feelings as well as thoughts . You taught me that life doesn't have to be a series of accomplishments . I miss you still , and think about you every day . Much love ! - < PROPFIRST > Vandiver 
Hell of a hunt yesterday . I'm so sore ! 
Well , I've decided to try again to restore my ' 59 Ford . Budget is tight with college , time is short with a job , and its snowing outside ! What an uphill battle ! 
\How we survive is what makes us who we are . \ " Such a great line . I wonder if people realize to what extent this is true ? " 
I have concluded that < PROPFEMALE > is falling apart , and the best way to survive is through less use of oil products and decentralization . We use more resources than our nation can produce , and that is the basis of our debt . < PROPFEMALE > ns will have to learn to live smaller and relay less on credit , and find better ways of making use of local resources . Buying hometown goods as oppose to Walmart is a great idea . 
One long trip ahead . At least I'll get there before dark 
Living is the study of life . 
I wish I could shred the guitar like < PROPFIRST > Garcia ... 
Life is like a doctor's needle . If you try to anticipate it and tense up , it only hurts . 
First day of class is great ! I got lost but I found my class and my teacher is pretty hot haha ! 
I hate when college people do really high school things . Grow up and welcome to the real world . 
Excited for Psych 310 , this class is gonna be awesome ! Once again I'm reminded of why I am a Psychology < PROPMALE > . 
Cannot wait to get an apartment . Hiking today was very enjoyable , really wish I took a camera ... 
Woo all A's! Things are looking good ! Summa come Laude here I come ! 
Having a greater understanding of life has helped me to feel content with my own , with the security of knowing how take life's changes and challenges with an open mind and a lack of frustration . This is peace for me . 
I am not afraid to fight for my love , but not having the < PROPMALE > is true heartbreak ... 
I am so beat today ... Ugh 
Great day in Spanish class today , almost makes me excited to do my stinkin ' homework ! 
Second day of no school due to limited power from the snow ( in Las Cruces ! ) and it was like the other day when I won in Texas Hold'em with four 7's . That don't just happen ! 
Man what a holiday haha ! Candle light , live guitar , apartment , poker and friends ... And like I told my mom , no intention of leaving haha ! The weather keeps me thinking about existence and survival and keeping life basic . Never is a better time for a good conversation about deep things like career plans and life experiences . Life continues with fresh meaning , and we reap new fruits of our experiences ! 
I'm quite sure I would live a happier life if \Monday\ " did not exist . " 
Thank you everybody for your kind birthday wishes , it means alot ! I hope everybody's day is as good as mine ! 
Haha I would love a cigar , thank you < PROPMALE > ! Luckily it has been 50+ all day today haha ! It is a subtly different feeling , being 19 . Once again , thank you everybody ! Its been an awesome day this far ! 
Strange : It seems people like to beg for change at Walgreens . I have never been asked for change at all in this town except for two people at Walgreens , on separate days . Weird ! 
Well , Murabak finally stepped down . I´m happy for the people of Egypt , the only thing is , power now rests with the military and the idea of corruption creates some frightening possibilities ... 
I thought the I mall on campus was a frying pan there for a while ... I swear I´ve never sweat so much while WALKING ... 
Interview went great today , I'm confident they want to hire me . I was proud of being able to answer questions about cooking temperatures and show off my experience . Also , I accepted a nomination to the National Society of Collegiate Scholars , pretty excited about that . 
I may be in the best Psych lab in the undergrad world . For the second week in a row , we have gone to class for fifteen minutes and been released . On top of that , our assignments have a maximum of 2 or 3 pages , making homework into one and a half hour's work tops ! 
Never eat cold pizza ... 
Can't wait to go camping this weekend ! Its gonna be the best trip ever ! 
Back from camping , sorry if I missed any calls . However , it was one of the most memorable weekends of my life , with no doubt ! 
Strange week , I could swear it was 30 hours shorter than a normal week ... However , we've got a band started , sounding hella good , and a possible gig in two weeks ? So band practice is almost a mandatory everyday thing haha ! College is great ! 
Health care was never the problem . The prescription drug industry is the problem . It's so screwed up that they can turn a huge profit from everybody unfortunate enough to have a condition or illness ... 
It was so awesome to be reminded of how < PROPFEMALE > I am yesterday . Flogging < PROPFEMALE > was playing , and it was so familiar I could sing along . The first time I tried Shepherd's Pie I loved it , and all I was missing was suspenders . Wonderful St. < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
