If you have love in your life it can make up for a great many things you lack . If you don't have it , no matter what else there is , it's not enough . 

Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up 
My cars broke ( needs an O2 sensor ) AND I CANT WAIT FOR THIS MISSION TRIP !!!! 
I wish I was a little more outgoing ... o well , Lifes still good 
Beach was awesome , now im bored ... 
Sometime were so busy trying finding others that we loose ourselves . Will I wake up tomarrow and remember who I am ? 
Sometime were so busy trying to find others that we loose ourselves . When I wake up tomarrow , will I remember who I am ? 
going to play some paintball . 
If being powerless is evil , is having power justice ? Then is revenge Evil ? But then how can friendship coexist with justice ? 
Tears bring pain to those around you ... A false smile brings pain to one self 
The world won't change with pretty words alone 
tears bring pain to those around you ... a false smile brings pain to one self ... 
Would you taint your hands with evil to defeat evil ? 
I found a friend or should I say a worthy Adversary to keep me entertained .... ( evil grin followed by maniacal laughter ) 
im bored .... Im gunna go drive around . 
no , but what you can do is take a size to small socket and hammer it on and then use a ratchet . 
a ) yes definently b ) anyday , im free all week . C ) sure pizza sounds good . d ) definently what games what games do you like ? 
To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest danger in life is to risk nothing . ( then i will take the risk ) 
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant ! 
Does anyone car enough to let me vent , im in a really really rough spot and I need a person to talk too . 
Does anyone care enough to let me vent , im in a really really rough spot and I need a person to talk too . 
THanks to all of you !!!! 
My answer is YES 
The answer is YES ! 
... now .... screw it im to tired to think of a status .... so .... whatever 
My hope was just hit again , Im not going to be on facebook much anymore . so if you need me for something important my cell ( 919)636-2892 
Everthings gunna be alreight !! 
He's got an athletic cup for a hearing aid !!! 
IM NOT PRETTY !!! 
Before when I shut my eyes i just saw darkness , now when I close my eyes I feel the light on my face , and it is warm with hope for a brighter tomarrow !!! 
STOPPPPPPPPPp JUST SHUT UP PLEASE YOU TWO STOP I CANT TYPE BECAUSE YOUR DOING THIS TO MUCH 
To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . 
When your mind is out of the way , Your heart can shine brighter then any < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Too often students are given answers to remember , rather than problems to solve . 
18 year 6 months and 6 days ... ok now what ? 
hmm , district 9 .... a strange biography .... a little pervasive ... but it was cool ! 
feels like he's fading away from .... everything .... 
You want to think and say that you have everytning you need , but then you realize that something is missing , someone is missing ... and once you think you've found it , it goes and disappears on you and you don't understand what to do or even where to start looking for that missing piece of the puzzle . You sit at home in lonely frustration and you just wait ... wait ... and wait . No where to look , no one to look for ... 
You want to think and say that you have everytning you need , but then you realize that something is missing , someone is missing ... and once you think you've found it , it goes and disappears on you and you don't understand what to do or even ... where to start looking for that missing piece of the puzzle . You sit at home in lonely frustration and you just wait ... wait ... and wait . No where to look , no one to look for ... 
HAPPY !!! 
life is hard right now so im going to give a quote ... Never let go of hope . One day you will see that it all has finally come together . What you have always wished for has finally come to be . You will look back and laugh at what has passed and you will ask yourself ... How did I get through all of that ? 
Never let go of hope . One day you will see that it all has finally come together . What you have always wished for has finally come to be . You will look back and laugh at what has passed and you w ... ill ask yourself ... How did I get through all of that ? Read More 
Never let go of hope . One day you will see that it all has finally come together . What you have always wished for has finally come to be . You will look back and laugh at what has passed and you will ask yourself ... How did I get through all of that ? 
All moved in , and leeching off of some randoms wireless !!! apartment is awesome !!! 
Moving on , is an easy thing , what it leaves behind is hard ... SO REMEMBER ... A friend is a hand that is always holding yours , no matter how close or far apart you may be . A friend is someone who is always there and will always care . A friend is a feeling of forever in the heart ! 
internet is bad .... text or call me 
Will get internet/cable next week , and his job finalized tomarrow ... and also has a possible room mate so .... well i dont have any complaints ! 
Has a room mate lined up . moves in oct 1 , cable/internet comes next week so I dont have to go to panera bread .... and school started ..... I HAVE 8 class room test and 6 engine rebuild test in .... haha 15 days .... 14 tests .... 15 days .... IM ACTUALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO MY TESTS .... sweet but still wish me luck , and pass a prayer , as I am for all of you ! PEACE 
A call wouldnt kill ya ?! I need someone to talk to ... 
yo yo 
Decide for me ... yes or no ? 
I CHOOSE__________MAYBE ... 
Something deep down in my soul has come unsettled .... something is not right in this world ... and for some reason i feel that it might be connected/related to me ...... but what is it ? Pray for all those around me . 
........ life is ....... well you know .... 
Life is odd .... That just makes it interesting !!! 
Is confused at what god wants him to do ..... so ... what should i do ? 
Are my words empty ? 
We must be willing to get rid of the life we've planned , so as to have the life that is waiting for us . 
cool christmas sky , I love the stars . I wish for hope and joy to all my friends , and remind them tonight that god ( and me ) loves them ! 
Is a little lost , and could use advice .... 
When its finally over , we will remember not the words of our enemies , but the silence of our friends . 
I'm not asleep ... but that doesn't mean I'm awake 
War does not determine who is right -- only who is left 
Better to get up late and be wide awake than to get up early and be asleep all day 
It's so lonely when you don't even know yourself . 
It's this week again ... 
Lost my Cellphone , but should have a new one by wednesday 
Feel like an afterthought , full of meaning but has no use . 
¡ ?? po ? ?? o ? ? u ?? o ? s ? ???? o ? q ?? ???? p ???? x ? s ? 
¡o ? q s ?? ???? ????? o ? ???? ? u ?? ' ?? p ? n ?? s s ??? ?? o ? ou 
sad that bens gotta go back tomarrow , but enjoied having him home this weekend ! 
This is a small world 
... really ? am i that wrong all the time ... 
Materializing in the midsts of a desolate wasteland , Fallen gently glanced around , scanning the < PROPMALE > of empty dunes . Raising his right hand , he aimed his index finger towards one dune in paticular , slowly raising the finger . Smiling , he suddenly gripped down into a fist , chuckling as the sand detonated from within , each grain self-destructing in a titanic force * Good . I still have my abilities , if < PROPMALE > . 
Almost 60,000 people in this city .... yet theres n o-o ne i want to see , no one i want to talk to , no one I trust . dont think it depressed . just lonely . 
Im still the same ... Almost 60,000 people in this city .... yet theres n o-o ne i want to see , no one i want to talk to , no one I trust . dont think it depressed . just lonely 
I finally got a new cell phone ... but now I have no < PROPFIRST > ... anyone want to helo me with that ??? 
So school .... im bored anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out sometime ??? 
\No school ... im bored ... anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out sometime ??? " 
1st barely anyone gave me < PROPFIRST > when i asked ... so the 4 people i have phone < PROPFIRST > for dont/cant < PROPFEMALE > out ... so yea still sitting in my basement .... really depressed ... 
If you have built castles in the sky , your work need not be lost ; that is where the should be . Now put the foundations under them . when my friends move away it makes me wish that I had tried so much harder to be with them ... I really wish they wouldnt leave . 
Sometimes people good intentions can really hurt you .... 
??? ????? ?? ?????? ?????... 
???? ????? ? ??? ?? ?????? ??? ???? ?????!!!!! 
My , Cellphone is having text problems , so I cant send or recieve some texts .... sorry 
Theres a party at my house and im not invited 
Life is odd ... 
What are your opinions on MANGA and ANIME ??? 
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith . I put my faith in god's wisdom , because no fear is bigger then him . 
Has en stuk in bed with a fever the last 2 days ... 
my internet is really laggy , and is missing half of the letters I type 
