If you can't buy it , make it . 

Twinkle twinkle little < PROPFEMALE > , how i wonder what you are . Up above the world so high , like a < PROPFEMALE > in the sky . 
Going mobile hehe :) 
Everyone is full of larceny and lies . it just depends on what you can swallow 
I will deny you . This world belongs to me . 
Dead < PROPFEMALE > shine , light up the sky . I'm all out of breath , my walls are closing in . Days go by . Give me sign . Come back to the end . The ship wrecked again . I can feel you falling away . No longer the lost , no longer the same , and I can see you < PROPFEMALE > ting to fade . I'll keep you alive if you show me the way . 
Ice cream and cakey cake 
Lol i've been splurging out drawings check them out and comment PLEAZE PLEASE PLEAZE PLEAZEE !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had funny dreams last night about singing and eating doughnuts and watermelon . 
pikmin pikmin pikmin pikmin pikmin pikmin 
Just entered a contest on deviantART , wish me luck ! At stake is 500$ and a tablet ! 
This is technologically advanced : When your TV thinks its a toaster . This is technologically superior : Tricking your toaster into being a TV 
Had the hiccups for the last hour . Someone scare me . 
Im a pikmin . a small insignificant life form by myself , and only with great < PROPFIRST > do i succeed 
There is nothing you can do that I've not already done to myself . 
Just put my headphones and plug myself into the system . Cold hard internet , loud music , < PROPFIRST > and programming and indifferent letters . No emotion . Freedom . 
Praying to the techno goddesses lol ritual dancing ( glowsticking ) 
We are the angels and we live forever . We waited for you to share our light , we showed you the world through our eyes . Come follow us into the night . \ 
-Blutengel \Black Angels \"" 
I compare you to a kiss from a < PROPFEMALE > on the grave . The more I get of you the stranger it feels . 
There is a plague sweeping through our society , causing pain and misery wherever it goes . It has a name : hate . 
Happy Independence Day everyone ! 
This sucks . I dread school in the fall . We all look so much older , its like we've bypassed any < PROPMALE > of childhood and now reached the point in our life where we have to start behaving and acting normal . 
Even I can manage a ' Wow ' out of a guy with makeup on hahahaha 
When I say I make it a point to succeed past all other attempts with this boyfriend , I don't mean to throw it in their face : I mean to make them proud that I finally can become someone worth it . 
Bird houses ? Naaaah I'm making GHOST HOUSES ! Ghosts need homes too , people . 
Fairytales live in me , fables from my memories . Fantasy is not a crime . Find your castle in the sky . 
Nothing comes without its obstacles , whether its a million < PROPMALE > of distance , or one person . 
CAN'T WAIT FOR FALLOUT NEW VEGAS !!!!!! 
The constantly busy summer I had in mind never came to fruition , same way every year , but ONE HUGE DIFFERENCE . Welcome to < PROPMALE > year . This is gonna be interesting . 
Sock it to me , baby . 
Maru kitae chikyuu maru kitae chikyuu maru kitae chikyuu boku Hetalia ! 
I forgot how fun just chilling at the lake with my boys was . The essence of summer is going to the lake , having a good time , then waking up the next morning from being waterlogged , having slept great , and loving life . I live for days like this . 
They get uglier and uglier each year hahahaha ....... and shorter ...... 
POKE me if you've\ 
ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think I'm a good\ 
friend . INBOX me if you have to tell me something . COMMENT on this\ 
status if we've ever had good memories . Now , if your brave , copy and\ 
paste this as your status and see what people say . 
Five Finger Death Punch . GO LISTEN NOW ! 
I've discovered religion . I've always had this ..... pain .... in my behind and I finally looks to see what it was . 
What would make me pretty and noticable ? IM SICK OF BEING IGNORED PEOPLE LOOOOOOK ! LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOK ! 
Where's < PROPFIRST > ? 
The world belongs to the people who believe in the beauty of their dreams . 
\Misery\ " by Maroon 5 is my new theme song guys . I need olives . " 
I'm falling in love , and you know who tripped me ;) 
My frankenstein heart is beating , ripping at the seams , but this pain is sensational . I'm soaked from the things leaking out that have been locked away for so long , that have been carefully frozen . The fire in my coal-black heart is shining in the ashes . 
Can a heart heal and break at the same time ? 
If I was a vampire I would be a happier person . -.- 
I guess I'm not as good a person as the first four people on Get Revealed thought :/ 
\I like it in the fridge \"" 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY four words , what would you say to me ? ( Note : If you comment , you have to copy and paste this into you status . Be fair , play along ) 
< PROPMALE > , tattooes and music . Its my whole life . I hate this , being stuck in one place . I haven't ventured from home for a year , and I'm beginning to get antsy . The same old shit isn't getting any better . I'm dying to get the hell out and discover . I wanna create something my kids will be proud of . Something my parents and friends can be proud of . And I wanna find that special someone to share it all with . 
Has anyone ever listened to music so loud its making the back of your throat vibrate and tickle your gag reflex and make you wanna puke ? 
Why are all the pretty guys gay or jerks ? 
I hate liars . F**k love , I'm tired of trying . My heart big but it beats quiet . 
Do you know what you got into ? Can you handle what I'm about to do ? Cuz its about to get rough for you . I'm here for your entertainment . 
To West Town ! 
Confused . A little . I mean , no signs were dropped , no hints . Nothing to read . Or perhaps I overlooked something ? Perhaps he was waiting for me to drop a sign . I dunno . 
Looks like everyone is dying to get away . Well , run , everybody . Because I'm staying here . I've got nothing to lose or gain anymore . 
LOOK EVERYBODY ! The first two things on my news feed are new relationships . I'm going to go blow my brains out onto a piece of paper . ( Synonym for \draw until I feel better\ " you dolts who think I'm suicidal ) " 
If I was born to make people laugh , why do so many people ignore me and act like I don't exist ? 
`Prophet!' said I , `thing of evil ! - prophet still , if bird or devil ! -\ 
Whether tempter sent , or whether tempest tossed thee here ashore , \ 
Desolate yet all undaunted , on this desert land enchanted -\ 
On this home by horror haunted - tell me truly , I implore -\ 
Is there - is there balm in Gilead ? - tell me - tell me , I implore!'\ 
Quoth the < PROPFEMALE > , `Nevermore . ' 
These pop symbols get weirder and weirder .... 
Are we excited about Halloween ? I am . 
* sob * 
Ever had a day where a lot of good things were supposed to happen , but a lot of bad things happened instead ? Yeah . One of those days . -.- 
Do some guys think I'm an easy target because I have low self esteem ? GO TO HELL . 
Dead people make dying sound fun ! Like < PROPMALE > Cobain and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe ! And I wanna talk to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . I wanna know what it was like , like I'm sure she'd want to know what its like down here . 
Ego ad < PROPFEMALE > cupio excessere . 
This shadow has been following me ever since light was first casted upon me ; my own little piece of darkness that is always with me . Lonliness is my shadow . I'd give everything up if it meant I didn't have to be alone , but no matter what , that shadow is still there . I wish I never stepped into the light . I wish I never met anyone , so I could never know I was alone . 
Since I seem to be running into a lot of religion , I hope all my Wiccan/Pagan friends had a happy Samhain , and may Fire be with us throughout the winter 
My mood as of now . \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5YXStfUNtE&feature=related 
I figured out my problem . I figured it all out . It makes so much sense . 
What regrets do you have ? 
HYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRR 
< PROPFEMALE > Nichols - SCARING CHRISTIANS EVERYWHERE !!!!! lol 
I think its time to let go of some things that have simply gone too far . 
< PROPMALE > is the most pleasing thing to me . I don't think a single earthly thing comes close . 
Why are all the best guys gay ? Its enough to make me get a sex change , really . 
I'm falling back in love with pokemon .... 
MAPH PHACE IB NUB ! :D 
BLACK HAIR BLACK HEART !!!! ( lol so emo ) 
Sometimes i begin to lose hope ... 
I'm gonna get pretty multicolored clipins for mah hair ^^ Make it purty . Black is such a wonderful hair color ! 
Real love doesn't hurt you . It just fills you with this awful longing to have that person beside you , to be able to kiss that person again , to play Mortal Combat and get your ass handed to you again . ;) 
I JUST WANT TO LET EVERYONE KNOW THAT ITS ALL MY FUCKEN FAULT . EVERYTHING . I GIVE UP . 
See video . 
Posters for the Black and White affair went up today . I'm kinda hoping someone will ask me to it . SOMEBODY . anybody ...... 
Is it just me or does my profile pic look like Lady Gaga meets Russia ??? : ? 
Its a shame that I'm evil . Its a shame that I'm not sorry anymore . I will put on the ice armor and forget about the valiant days . I'll take up the soul-stealing sword and set up Icecrown around me . Everything good that I fought for has abandoned me . Its time for me to fight for myself . 
YOU HAVE TO ASK NICELY . 
Anyone wanna go to the Black and White Affair with me ???? :DDD 
\We'll see . \ " I live to see tomorrow just to see what \ " We'll see \"." 
Black dress or white ? 
* sniff sniff * Smells like teen spirit in here .... 
\I'd rather die than be cool . \ " \ 
Dying inside to live a life other than this . 
\Pizza pizza ~!\" :33 " 
No more black and white date i guess . Kinda disappointed but its all good . 
Just capped off a pleasant night :D Goodnight everyone . Sweet dreams . Hope for an even better tomorrow . 
What a wonderful pace\ 
Walking next to you\ 
What a wonderful place \ 
In life next to you . \ 
\ 
I fall when I chase\ 
After love's skirt\ 
I fall on my face\ 
Whenever I flirt . \ 
But when I pace\ 
My steps with yours \ 
I find some grace \ 
and never fall to the floor . 
:3 
I'm falling and I can see the ground . \ 
I hit the floor but make no sound . \ 
God only knows I'm just waiting . \ 
When will my heart begin aching ? \ 
I don't want to die again . \ 
I just want my heart to mend . 
2414 We had something strong but now we've both moved on . Close to my heart is where i hold memories back in the day when it was just you and me . 
2007 We struggle day to day , stabbing each other in the back but holding tight to one another . We're complicated , and i know why . We're lost in the storm of life with no one else but each other . Thanks for sticking by me as far as you have <3 
131313 Like a fire , you're warm . Like a fire , its easy to get burned . It'd be simpler if I could hate you , but I could never do that . I'd rather get burned than find out how cold life would be without you . 
Soooooo spring break : Utah . Noooooot sure what to think about this one . 
I live my life in my head . Some call it imagination . I just find comfort in being in control . Being able to write in happy endings . I enjoy making my problems into nothing but frivolous fairytale with a \then they all lived happily ever after\ " ending . " 
i would be so scene if I could afford it lol I would wear glittery makeup and have rainbow hair and black bangs . I would wear ultra-tight pants and neon-colored tops . My shoes would light up the night . 
I admire Liddia and Beetlejuice for their friendship . I wish I had a ghostly best < PROPMALE > . 
Once again listening to music sooo loud in my headphones that it feels like its rattling my throat . Music ..... its so amazing ...... 
I'M THE GHOST WITH THE MOST !!!!!! 
I wish i had ranch ....... carrots are so much better with ranch dressing .... 
Why is my TV spouting Spanish nonsense ? 
Scooter , Nightcore , DJ Tiesto , techno-trance-house-electronica MUSIC MUSIC MUSIC 
CALLING ALL MUSICIANS !! I NEED A BAND ! SOMEBODY !!!........ anybody ..... 
All I want for Christmas is for everyone to be happy . 
Techno is the music of love . The deep bass is the rhythmic sound of a heartbeat . The rest is the frequency of thoughts conveyed into song . What beauty and simplicity . I pray my life will be sprinkled in \Stardust \".........." 
I was following the pack , \ 
All swallowed in their coats \ 
With scarves of red tied ' round their throats \ 
To keep their little heads \ 
From fallin ' in the snow \ 
And I turned ' round and there you go . \ 
And , < PROPFIRST > , you would fall , \ 
And turn the white snow \ 
Red as strawberries in the summertime 
What do we all stand for when we all live in fear ? 
Pain is an illusion . 
Sometimes it feels like I'm stuck in a glass jar , with my nose against the glass , wishing I could join in the fun . 
Yep . I'm stuck in a small glass jar where everything I ever wanted is just beyond my reach . People I love , suffering , dying , and some I want to be with more than anything but can't . I'm dying , myself , in this glass jar . Mentally deteriorating , watching all the things I'll never be a part of . 
My tablet skills are making my < PROPMALE > skills look like crop . Jeez . This 
I've got a new laptop , I've got a new laptop ... * does the happy dance * cha cha cha ! 
I just took an IQ test and I have a score of 153 . Anyone who says I'm stupid is an idiot themselves . 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right 
I am shallow , and a glutton for knowledge . 
Snow , snow snow snow snow . OMG the snow is EVERYWHERE . Hailing from Park City , Utah , its AAAAAAAAAAMBER NICHOLS ! 
Today , I flew down the side of a mountain , snow flying behind me like wings . I sliced a path in untouched snow that was sparkling in the light of < PROPFEMALE > . I passed the silhouettes of bare white deciduous trees and evergreen trees groaning under the weight of white snow . 
Could you imagine a world without snow ? Without music ? I want you to think of the thing you love most , and now ..... imagine it being taken away . 
That mountain chewed me up and spat me out like I was nothing . But , gods , it was such a thrill . Being flung down the side of a white-capped mountain at high speed is exhilarating . I had this thought that I'd be riding a snowboard . That snowboard bucked like a wild animal and rode ME . Mother nature is a cruel unforgiving mistress . 
What do you guys think about Oujia Boards ? 
Strawberry 
Happy Birthday Houdini ! 
To all the people who are too short to be normal and too tall to be midgets , I salute you ! 
Who's your daddy !?! 
If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you have ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
...... If you hate me , message me and tell me why . \ 
... If you're not scared , post this as your status and see what happens\ 
... 
