Well this summer isnt going to go by very fast ... lost pretty much everything that entertains me .. my 360 died , my orginal Xbox doesnt want to read any discs .. and my comp is slower then death .. 

The Sims 3 look so awesome .. too bad my comp is too shitty to play it :P 
You know , they're schemers . Schemers trying to control their little worlds . I'm not a schemer . I try to show the schemers how pathetic their attempts to control things really are ... Introduce a little anarchy . Upset the established order , and everything b 
Getting a 1996 Jeep Cherokee today , wants to go see Transformers and is probably gonna go mow the lawn soon . 
Well I did 2 out of the 3 things I listed ... mowed the lawn , got my Jeep ... still wants to go see Transformers though .. 
went four-wheeling till about an hour and a half ago ... unfortunately the winch cable snapped , and I might of ruined my machine by sinking it in water because I was un-informed about crossing really deep water ... 
wants to get his four-wheeler working and wants to get his Jeep registered , insured , replace the radiator , get new speakers , and a new stereo . 
Awesome song at ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WMedwaRCGr8 5FDP FTW !!! 
watched Transformers 2 last night with a friend and his cousin , the projector lamp broke in the last 35min of the movie .. but everyone got a free admission pass ^.^ and we managed to watch the rest of it ... Definitely a kick ass movie . Also ; http://www.yo 
wishs he didnt have to go his dads ... Comedy Central is only playing stand-up comedy .. < PROPMALE > Dunham , < PROPFIRST > Mencia , < PROPMALE > Gaffigan , and < PROPMALE > Cook .. and isnt gonna be able to watch any of it :( 
Every one that sees this link should go and watch .. < PROPFIRST > Lynch FTW : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IKZJM737Zl0 
You monkey see , you monkey do , You're always doing what they tell you to , You're such a puppet on a string , YOU DONT GET IT ! 
You're self righteous , self pretentious . Your ways are not for me . You're deluded , so confused . Your world is not for me . I choose death before dishonor . I'd rather die than live down on my knees . 
wishs that he had the money to get a new comp , Xbox 360 , and to get Comcast to get some god damn high-speed lines down to his house ... 
can't wait for the 18th .. gonna go four-wheeling :) 
wants to get so many things working .. his Xbox 360 , the fourwheeler , and get highspeed so he can play WoW when he gets bored of the other two things ... 
A . D . I . D . A . S : All Day I Dream About Sex 
In the course of going about their lives , each person is drawn to the Darkness . Horrified , they discover that they understood nothing of the real nature of the world . They start out innocent and end up corrupted . 
just wants to get his god damn 500 Sportsman fourwheeler running so he can go riding and forget about so many , many things ... 
sometimes wishs that one night he could close his eyes ... and they would stay that way forever ... 
\We are all books containing thousands of pages and within each of them lies an irreparable truth . \"" 
If Decemeber 21st 2012 is really the final day of humanity or earth .. it can't come soon enough . 
Your world can end in the blink of an eye . One event , one unexpected twist of fate ... and suddenly the world as you knew it ... is gone . Forever . All that you held dear , all that you held close ... is washed away in a sea of distant memory . 
wants to know how people feel about religion and politics without going onto everyones info pages ... lol 
just doesn't know what to do or think . 
thinks that he has ( with a LOT of help from an extremely close friend ) finally figured out a couple things .. but still isn't sure about so , so much . 
wants to talk to them .. but be with her . 
thought he had everything under control .. that he knew all that there was to know .. but apparently not , and if they have their way .. he doubts he ever will . 
lol , epic fail : http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5iQyVgQqr9ElScAcqhn2LzY37HRXgD9A0UJ200 
just wants to know the truth .. he doesn't want to be left in the dark all the time .. 
went school shopping saturday ... then fourwheeling with some friends ( one of which became a complete pussy after being stung by a < PROPFEMALE > ) sunday . Can't wait till Saturday and next friday . 
is going to < PROPMALE > Fair tomorrow with some good friends . 
has so many different things on his mind at the moment .. and if he keeps dwelling on them he thinks that he'll do something that he'll regret later . 
had a decent first day back .. wasn't bad ... but wasn't good either lol . 
REALLY needs to get high-speed before October of 2010 .. lol anyone that plays World of Warcraft knows what I'm talking about . 
I remember when all the games began . Remember every little lie and every last goodbye . Promises you broke , words you choked on and I never walked away . Its still a mystery to me . 
thinks that if God is real and if He is as \merciful\ " as people say he is .. then He should kill me and get it the suffering that is called \ " life\ " over with . " 
is watching The Last House on the Left for the second consecutive time . Awesome movie and very inventive ways of killing people lol . 
I will not bow , I will not break , I will shut the world away . I WANT HALO ODST !! 
wants to get Five Finger Death Punch : War is the Answer and Halo : ODST .. 5FDP FTW !! 
just wants it all to fall away into an abyss . 
All I wanted was your honesty . Something more than this , something more than me . Death can take me if I can't be free . I'm not like you I'm a dying breed . 
is going to wear a 2.5 or 3ft Sombrarro or however you spell it tomorrow . 
Do you take me for a fool ? How's it feel to be a tool ? See to me you're just a cancer . Motherfucker war is the answer . 
got Five Finger Death Punch : War is the Answer and Halo 3 : ODST tonight , 5FDP FTFW . 
I'm sorry for the demon I've become , you should be sorry for the angel you are not . I apologize for the cruel things that I did but I don't regret one single word I said . Just walk away , make it easy on yourself , just walk away please release me from this hell , just walk away there's just nothing left to feel . 
wants it all to end . 
Politicians bathing in their greed . No idea on how to be all they can be . Have you no honor , have you no soul ? What is it they're dying for do you really even know ? Have you no backbone , have you no spine ? What ever happened to , no one gets left behind ? 
is so fucking happy at the moment , he lost a \friend\ " that has made his life a living fucking hell for the last 4 years and now he just wants to repay the favor ... " 
We are anonymous . We are legion . We do not forgive . We do not forget . Welcome to Project Hysteria . 
is over at < PROPMALE > Green's house and he is watching < PROPMALE > 10 .. 
Light thinks it faster than anything , but it is wrong . No matter how fast light travels , it finds the darkness has always got there first , and is waiting for it . 
is extremely confused at the moment .. he doesn't know what he wants when it comes to her ... 
got CoD4 : Modern Warfare 2 , Fable 2 , Darksiders ( on pre-order ) , and Mass Effect 2 ( on pre-order ) , also , when going to get Darksiders , will hopefully get Assassin's Creed 2 , Left 4 Dead 2 , Reflex , and Dragon Age Origins . 
In the back of my mind I can\ 
Barely remember when\ 
There was nothing left to hide and\ 
She had found a way inside , then\ 
I was forced to walk alone\ 
Living in an empty home\ 
All I wanted was to hide and\ 
Try to numb the ache inside\ 
\ 
And I'm still afraid of the light\ 
And a thousand voices share their laughter at my demise 
hanging out with < PROPFIRST > , having fun .. I guess lol 
I am so fed up with this horrible computer , horrible family , and a couple of my friends .. this vacation has sucked so badly .. I dont think its even possible it could get even worse ... 
Well , might go to a friends house today , depends whether or not she goes to another friends house . Also , one of my friends is now ignoring me for some reason , and wont tell me why . But all in all , the vacation started out sucking big time , but is a lot better now , I is so happy ! lol 
isnt quite sure what to do when it comes to her .. 
doesn't know what he should do , he has a friend helping , but still doesn't know what to do .. 
had fun at prom last night , definitely worth the money paid .. too bad school isnt done yet though ... 
* sigh * Well apparently two of my best friends think I'm a complete < PROPMALE > and won't tell me why they think that . Alittle wierd , and very annoying , but oh well , can't change what they think so there's no point in caring . So sick of everyone around me lying to me also . Whatever . Fuck them all , I don't give a shit anymore ! Woohoo ! Lmao . 
might get a 85 or 86 Camaro and restore it , haven't decided yet though .. Gotta talk with my dad cuz it's probably gonna be our project .. and life still sucks other then that .. but maybe restoring the Camaro will take my mind off the bullshit and lies .. * sigh * I don't know . 
This is the year where hope fails you\ 
The test subjects run the experiment\ 
And the bastard you know is the hero you hate\ 
But cohesion ; it's possible if we try\ 
There's no reason , there's no lesson , no time like the present\ 
Tell me right now , what have you got to lose ? \ 
What have you got to lose , except your soul ? \ 
Who's with us ? 
I don't know what's worth fighting for\ 
Or why I have to scream\ 
I don't know why I instigate\ 
And say what I don't mean\ 
I don't know how I got this way\ 
I know it's not alright\ 
So I'm\ 
Breaking the habit 
We're the middle children of history , man . No purpose or place . We have no Great War . No Great Depression . Our Great War's a spiritual war ... our Great Depression is our lives . We've all been raised on television to believe that one day we'd all be millionaires , and movie gods , and rock stars . But we won't . And we're slowly learning that fact . And we're very , very pissed off . 
Fighting the tide that takes me home\ 
Only dreaming of the day\ 
When the world will go away\ 
A world that's full of pain\ 
We fight the fight so that might know the fear of our mortality\ 
If you breathe between the waves\ 
You will end up in a lake\ 
And everything that's new is a lie\ 
It's that same damn sun\ 
In the same damn sky\ 
And everything you thought you knew is a lie\ 
God bless you son\ 
At least you tried 
argh .. screwed up again cuz I was pissed and wasn't thinking straight now I have 3 people pissed off at me and won't talk to me . I gotta start thinking things through .. lol 
She said \Just go on to what you\ 
* sigh * Fml . 
hehe had fun today fourwheeling , but due to a technicality I am now in touble cuz I went to Coventry , so yea .. this summer is gonna start off bad lol . Anyway , hanging with two of my best friends having tons of fun lol 
You used to captivate me\ 
by your resonating light\ 
Your face , it haunts\ 
My once pleasant dreams\ 
Your voice , it's chased away\ 
All the sanity in me\ 
These wounds won't seem to heal\ 
This pain is just too real\ 
There's just too much that time cannot erase\ 
When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears\ 
When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears\ 
I held your hand through all of these years\ 
but you still have all of me 
I am hanging out with this amazing girl right now ans she has a nice body an shes sexy !!!! 
I am feeding that sexy girl right this minute .. And staring at her amazing legs !! 
bored out of my mind 
It's all about the game and how you play it , \ 
All about control and if you can take it , \ 
All about your debt and if you can pay it , \ 
It's all about pain and who's gonna make it . \ 
I am the game , you don't wanna play me . \ 
I am control , no way you can change me . \ 
I am heavy debt , no way you can pay me . \ 
I am the pain , and I know you can't take me . 
You have been lied to just to rape you of your site\ 
And now they have the nerve to tell you how you feel\ 
So sedated as they medicate your brain as you slowly go insane they tell you\ 
Give in with best intentions help you with your complications\ 
You should have known the price of evil\ 
It hurts to know ? that you belong here\ 
No one to call\ 
Everybody to fear\ 
Your tragic fate is looking so clear\ 
Its your fucking nightmare 
Numb and broken , here I stand alone\ 
Wondering what were the last words I said to you\ 
Hoping , praying that I'll find a way to turn back time\ 
Can I turn back time ? 
Hoping my friend can come over for the weekend .. Gonna go fourwheeling Saturday for I think almost the entire day which is gonna be awesome . 
Got a new dog yesterday , a Yorkie and she is skin and bones pretty much .. She's only three years old but looks like shes almost 10 
Got two AudioBahn Eternal Series subwoofers and an 1800 watt AudioBahn amplifier for my birthday this year , getting them installed in my Jeep next tuesday . Gonna be awesome lol 
listening to music and reading < PROPFEMALE > Eyre .. such a boring book 
listening to music and readin < PROPFEMALE > Eyre .. soooo boring 
listening to music and reading < PROPFEMALE > Eyre . 
I'm so tired of being here\ 
suppressed by all my childish fears\ 
but if you have to leave\ 
I wish that you would just leave\ 
' cause your prescence still lingers here\ 
and it won't leave me alone\ 
There's just too much that time cannot erase 
And now I am more driven than before\ 
And now I live just to settle score\ 
And now I feel the nearness of your breath\ 
Now I introduce you to your death 
Thanks everyone , had a fun birthday .. didnt do much though lol ... Now the slow agonizing wait for school to start again begins :P 
going to Mount Washington tomorrow to go fourwheeling all day , then next weekend I'm going to Massachusetts to go deep sea fishing , gonna be a fun two weeks lol 
just got back from Mount Washington , it was awesome , the view was spectacular . One of the rare days they have where its actually clear up there though so probably just got lucky lol . If you ever get the < PROPMALE > go up 
bored out of my mind and I have nothing to do and cant go anywhere cuz my jeep is having an issue and no one is quite sure whats exactly is wrong with it 
got my jeep fixed yesterday , finally after two weeks I can drive around again lol 
We can never turn back the pages of time , though we may wish to relive a happy moment , or say goodbye just one last time , we never can , because the sands of time continue to fall , and we can't turn the hourglass over . 
Life and death are balanced on the edge of a razor . 
listening to Avenged Sevenfold and Disturbeds new albums .. Amazing and I love them ! Whoever doesn't like these two albums can go straight to hell lol .. Also tomorrow getting a new computer case , and ( hopefully ) my subs are going to be finally installed into my Jeep .. and last , but not least .. my exhaust system is rotting off my jeep ! Yay .. not . 
Rabble rabble rabble 
Im pretty bored and kinda wanna play a game i managed to quit awhile ago but i no have high speed internet to play on 
So glad this week is only 2.5 days . Also , hopefully i can get wireless internet from great auk . Its not comcast , but its a helluva lot better then dialup lol 
Perched alone he sits there broken an elder man with storm clouds setting in his eyes He counts the sands of time , remembering days gone by it seemed yesterday before it was washed away Hey ! Dont wait for me there just find your own way Hey ! Dont wait for me there cause I'll be there soon enough . 
I would of thought that by the time we were seniors in high school , we'd be mature enough to not play little kid games . I guess I was wrong . 
Wow people who are supposed to be my '' best friends '' seem to be a couple of users . Im not that surprised though , if they want somethin they better get it and if they dont then they get pissed , but if i want even a small thing they cant be bothered . Whatever . They can go fuck themselves 
Really wishs that comcast or fairpoint would bring there high speed connections down to my house so i could at least burn some time studyin for my test monday for comp tech . Or preferably playin WoW again or LOTR Online lol im so addicted 
Bored . Worried . Irritated . But besides that .. not too bad . I already know 3 out of my 4 christmas presents . Got my first present today . Gonna be gettin my second tomorrow night , and my third this weekend . 
Just watched the season finale of The Walking Dead . Amazing series so far . Awesome ending also . Can't wait for next season 
< PROPMALE > out with my girl , and went to Burlington today to get more of my Christmas gifts : an HP Beats Audio laptop , a mouse for the laptop and a 2 Terabyte external hard drive . I is so happy lol 
just got done watchin avatar the last airbender movie . It sucked compared to the actual series in my opinion . The grapics werent that bad however . Goin home now 
All I do brings me close to you\ 
Whatever you'd ask me to\ 
Though I can't take back what's taken from me\ 
All I see becomes a part of me\ 
And even if you don't believe\ 
I'll see you where the river takes me 
Things aren't the way they were before \ 
You wouldn't even recognize me anymore \ 
Not that you knew me back then \ 
But it all comes back to me \ 
In the end \ 
You kept everything inside and even though I tried ; it all fell apart \ 
What it meant to me , will eventually be , a memory , of a time when I tried\ 
I tried so hard \ 
And got so far 
Well , as most of you have probably heard , a bus was hit this morning . I was the person who hit the bus , my jeep can still run but the front end is totalled . My day started off horrible and kept getting worse as it progressed . FML . 
Wow , 29 people on at one time , that must be a new record or something lol . I wish my comp would stop being such a piece of shit and stop lagging . It needs to be good like my laptop lol . Well selling my snow machine and getting my new jeep on friday . Can't wait . 
sitting in Tech class bored out of my mind really wanting to be home or something 
Go to work . Get Married . Have Some Kids . Pay your taxes . Pay your bills . Watch your TV . Follow fashion . Act Normal . OBEY THE LAW , and repeat after me : I AM FREE . 
Sitting in AP Enviro with < PROPFEMALE > , bored out of our minds ( or at least I am ) lol 
Hangin with my gf and bein grossed out by a friend but its a good night besides that lol 
My infiltrated mind . \ 
My lacerated soul . \ 
You took me years\ 
Create me control you . \ 
Why let myself around with you aside ? \ 
GOD SAVE US ! \ 
GOD SAVE US ALL ! \ 
GOD HATES US ! \ 
GOD HATES US ALL ! \ 
TOTAL NIGHTMARE ! \ 
LIE RAPE KILL\ 
LOVE HATE FEAR\ 
You better take your time\ 
( LIE RAPE KILL)\ 
You better take it slow\ 
Cause when you see the one\ 
( LOVE HATE FEAR)\ 
Theres nothing left to show . 
People need to grow up and get over the fact that their friends are hanging with people they don't like and because of that fact they are so immature that they end the friendship and are all pissy for no reason . 
I cant seem to do anything anymore without pissing at least one person off ... Idk what to do anymore . My new mantra ? FTW and FML 
I wish life was like a computer ... push the power button and it shutdowns 
