Som3Tim3s Th ! nkin C @N HuRtS 

Som3Tim3s Th ! nkin C @N HuRt 
What we do is innocent Just for fun and nothin ' meant If you don't like the company Let's just do it you and me You and me Or three Or four 
< PROPMALE > Got A Gun YALL !!!!! 
Happy NEW Yeaars !!! Everyone 
Waitn 4 Cupids Arrows 
Dont wait to the last minute to back out , You know how frustrated that can get 
I don't beleive a word he said . He was obviously out for blood 
3 Minutes between L ! fe AnD D3Ath And I'm Ch00 ! in Death 
Driver picks the music , shotgun shuts his cakehole !! 
Had The worst dream you could ever imagine 
TIred of these folks who alway talkin and never walking 
About to deleted my Facebook account ..... just too much 
The teacher left the room for about 5 seconds and fight almost broke out AGAiN 
Get my hair cut and I don't too good about neither Ill miss you mini afro 
Get my hair cut and I don't feel too good about neither Ill miss you mini afro 
Feeling a Little Sick ... Shouldn't never eaten them cookies 
Handing bussiness hope it goes my way 
GOT my first pay check and I'm very happy with the results 
If you Like Me , You can ? KISS MY A-ashton ! 
Just visit my the school I'll be going too ( I'm scared ) 
I through I was scared but I guess I'm not 
School Tomorrow OMG I don't want to go 
What the word IMPOSSIBLE saysWhat the word IMPOSSIBLE says I M Possible . So every thing which seems impossible is itself says that is possible . 
I am who I choose to be . I always have been what I chosethough not always what I pleased . 
School Tomorrow don't like it but if I don't go I won't finish what I started 
Wow ! I can't believe I'm been classified as a pretty boy , I mean I look good but pretty boy REALLY !!! 
Got a new one 
I'm being tortured by the future of things that yet to be I'm being haunted by a visionit's like the morning never comes ...... 
If you meet the perfect < PROPFEMALE > she in for your money and that all im gonna say 
what do ppl call me whiteboy i dont understand 
All the girlies say I'm pretty fly for a white guy ..... 
have to stay after school today what a pain in the ass 
Waitn why do some people play < PROPFEMALE > much .. they do know when to play and not play dum ass 
Man Im < PROPFEMALE > Sleeply ..... 
sometimes I feel Im standin in rain whiles everyone else sits on porch 
I feel kinda sick shouldn't have eaten that burger ....... 
Why do some people try to act hard when they arround their folks .... This confuses me ) 
wonk uoy naht noitceffa erom deen i -- Read it backward --- 
I'm so tired Ugh !!! Damn the world ..... 
Couldn't ? sleep so I went out walking\ 
Thinking about you and hearing us talking\ 
And all the things I should have said\ 
< PROPFEMALE > now , inside my head ...... 
Just Hear GunShots !! I'm scared :-( 
What happen to Adult Swim it's not on my tv anymore --- Stoopid Comcast 
HEY . DONT MESS WITH HUNGRY PEOPLE AND FOOD . IT CAN GET SERIOUS 
Just put my cat outside \Poor thing \"" 
Why do people keep dangerous animals as pets ? I don't get it . Why do some people have LIONS , TIGERS , OR JAGUARS as pets ?!! Is it to show off to their friends and neighbors ?? I saw Fatal Attractions on Animal Planet where these people keep Tigers as pets , with often DISASTROUS results !! 
Finally told < PROPMALE > Off and boy do I feel Fucking GOOD !! 
we kicked the dogshit out of them 
Have fun last night .... 
Not liking facbook ... 
Facebook is getting wayyy too strict -- off to twitter By3 ... 
Getting A -tattoo for christmas 
I'll like to give to a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas for my mom , my brother ( Angel ) and my friends ----- You can't go forward when you're looking backwards ! ---- P.s I hope my dad give me his old car(chevrolet malibu ) 
You can't go forward when you're looking backwards .... 
if looks could kill you ? would be an uzi You're a shot gun bang ! 
I hate when I got to cut a friend off but life goes on .... I had fun but we're friends no more piece 
I'm so hungry .... I wished I had some McDonald's 
If you dont get a txt by me within 5 mins ... We\re not friends any more .. Sorry but i only need real friends " 
School Tomorrow Ugh !!! 
New episode of The Game comes on tonight 9:30 I know I'm watchin it 
Tired of games 
I should be sleep right about now 
Man ! School making my head hurt and I'm not even there yet . 
I wonder why ppl got to lie tell the true the first time dum ass 
Sleeply and tied and just got to school 
Don't feel like going to School Ugh !!!! 
I'm crazy and high ; who's with me ? 
