wishes Happy New Year to everyone ! May 2010 be a wonderful year for us all . 

Happy New Year ! Mine started with sleeping late , waking with a < PROPFEMALE > hangover ( one too many 24 karat Margaritas ) a big kiss from the husband , a romp around the den with two great dogs and a stuffed frog and a perfect cup of coffee ! I hope your day starts as wonderfully as mine has . 
What is it with cleaning on my days off ? < PROPFIRST > and I just tore our bedroom apart , cleaned out drawers , under the bed , washed the walls and base boards and rearranged the furniture a bit ! I am making a resolution to not do anymore housework for the rest of the weekend ! 
OMG ! There has been a < PROPFEMALE > marathon all day and I just found out about it ! 
was cleaning out some boxes yesterday and found a paycheck from the Heinz company in Ohio to my Grandfather in the amount of $ . 01 . It is dated October , 1952 . You think I can cash it ? 
I passed a milestone today ... I went out with the intent to shop most of the afternoon after two stops came home because it was just too freaking cold to be out ! Nothing has ever come between me and my determination to shop before . 
had an awesome weekend ! Thanks to everyone who worked hard to make the BGHS Class of ' 77 Flippin ' 50 party together . It was a great time . 
Monday , already .... really ? How did that happen ? 
This has been the longest Monday in the history of Mondays ... seriously . 
Would a fly without wings be called a \walk \"?" 
thinks it is a great thing when you reach the point in your life where you stop worrying about what other people think of you . 
is enjoying another fun filled day in the home entertainment business . 
learned last night that if you are using the hose attachment on your Dyson vacuum ( which could suck a tattoo off < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , by the way ) and you get it too close to the end of a toilet paper roll , it will suck that paper off the roll in about 6 seconds f 
Well , hello there Friday ... where you been all week ? 
IT IS FREAKING HOT !!!! 
is ready to get this weekend started ! 
is enjoying an icy Corona , using Nuggie as a foot stool and scratching < PROPFEMALE>'s ears , while Stinky is lying on my head purring . 
is looking forward to spending the day with her girlfriends celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday . 
had an awesome day hanging with the girls . Fishing , swimming , sunning , a few cocktails , yummy food and celebrating a birthday . 
wishes a big Father's Day to all the Dads out there . 
has had a very busy day with house work and errands and now is ready to relax with < PROPFIRST > at a movie and then dinner at one of our favorite spots . 
thinks Monday comes much too soon ! Oh , and by the way if you want to see a good movie , The Taking of Pelham 123 is awesome . 
didn't make it home in time to let the dogs in before the storm .... peee-yew , stinky wet dogs are not my favorite aroma . 
knows that today is going to be a good day ! 
is so grateful to live in a nation where no matter what your political affiliation , we can change administrations peacefully . Watching the turmoil in Iran reminds me to never take it for granted . 
If you eat tater tots with melted styrofoam on them , your stomach WILL hurt . Don't ask . 
is feeling the love . 
it has been one of those days . 
My heart goes out to the families of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett today . Losing two icons from different decades on the same day is so sad . 
ahhhh .... the sweet smell of a Friday morning at home ... I love vacation days . 
has had a great day clearing out closets and getting rid of a lot of clutter ! I'm ready to relax a bit before cooking Beef Stroganoff for dinner . 
is tired this morning . Sleep was elusive last night . 
has enjoyed another great Tennessee Sunday afternoon . Not quite as hot today , which was nice . 
Monday again .... 
is chillaxin at the crib . 
is looking forward to a terrific Tuesday , full of exciting work adventures and challenges that once overcome , will instill a feeling of accomplishment that will make for a sense of fullfillment of a job well done when the quitting hour appears . How's tha 
is hoping the car drives her to the gym to work out and not home to just lay on the couch although that is what I want to do . Must work out .... must work out .... must work out .... 
wonders why four day work weeks are so freaking long ? 
is attacking the work day with gusto ! Come on three day weekend ! Wooo wooo ! 
is looking forward to the long weekend and spending time with friends . Fireworks , food , a few adult beverages , oh , and the new < PROPFIRST > Depp movie ... sounds like an awesome weekend to me . 
Coffee on the mornings you don't have to go to work tastes so much better . 
had a great date night with < PROPFIRST > . Dinner , movie and some fireworks . Now relaxing before bed . 
is heartbroken about < PROPMALE > McNair . Horrible that people feel they have to kill others . 
is still just reeling from the < PROPMALE > McNair news . He and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > were the dynamic duo that made Titan's football the most exciting thing to hit Nashville since < PROPFIRST > Cash . 
thinks that when you decide to cheat on your wife , you should make sure your girlfriend doesn't own a gun . My prayers are with the McNair family today , especially his kids . 
is looking forward to spending the day with the man she loves with no agenda other than to let the day unfold as it will . 
Woo Hooo ... only 63 more days until Labor Day ! 
loves it when she makes it to the gym at lunch so her evenings are free for fun stuff like housework .... hey , wait a minute . 
really dislikes inconsiderate people , like the ones who thought it was okay to shoot fireworks at 2:00 this morning . 
is thrilled < PROPFIRST > made it home before dark ! First time since his season started back in March . Yipeee ! 
wishes everyone a happy Wednesday ! 
is having a nice evening at home with the four legged babies . We are all hoping < PROPFIRST > makes it home early again tonight . 
is officially addicted to facebook . I've always heard admitting you have a problem is the first step to recovery . 
It's going to be one of those days ... I washed my face accidently with tea tree shampoo ( burns , oh yeah ) , cut my legs in three places shaving , rammed the toothbrush up into cheek real hard and fell over the dog trying to get out the door to come to work . 
Only 45 more minutes until I will be laying on a nice warm massage table in a dark room filled with wonderful smelling candles and the sound of the ocean playing gently in the background . My bi-weekly massage is my biggest indulgence . 
had way too many vodka and tonics this evening with Melanki , but it was big fun . 6:00 is going to come way too early though , six mile walk planned with friends ! 
managed to get up on time with much less of a hangover than anticipated and actually enjoyed the long walk with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . I might have sweated a bit more than usual and one time I thought I might have to yak into the Cumberland river , but that pass 
is getting excited about the final two episodes of Harpers Island ... I just hope < PROPFIRST > is not a bad guy . 
loves lazy Sunday mornings . 
has enjoyed a wonderful Sunday with < PROPFIRST > . Hitting the road to Memphis at 6:30 in the morning , down and back in the same day ... yuck . 
is home from Memphis and relaxing at home . Long day , but got some good things accomplished . 
is thankful for seeing yet another beautiful Tennessee morning . 
is very excited because the new chef at work put pickled beets on the salad bar ! I love me some pickled beets . Sometimes it is the little things ..... 
was running a bit late this morning so now my whole day will fill off kilter . I hate that . 
is really having a \I hate salad\ " day . " 
thought the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie was awesome ! 
is trying to channel her inner < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > today in preparation for < PROPMALE > class tonight . 
is hydrating in preparation for a 25 mile bike ride this morning . 
had a great bike ride earlier with her best girls , took a little nap and is now enjoying a Malibu rum and coke before going to dinner with friends . I love Saturdays like this . 
Sunday mornings rock ! 
Monday , how I love you , how I love you ...... 
is grateful for another day ! 
is happy for Wednesdays . My second favorite day of the work week . 
is very relaxed after a great massage . 
Ahhhh .. the sweet sounds of a Saturday morning .... mainly the absence of an alarm clock ! 
was looking forward to her business trip to Portland OR next week until she read they are having some freak heat wave and it supposed to be 100 degrees on the day I land ! 
is really being lazy , which is not good because I have so much to get done today ! 
No matter how much older and wiser I get , it never gets easier to bear the dissapointment when someone you thought was responsible and truthful turns out to be just plain dishonest . 
is looking forward to a busy Monday , then off to Portland tomorrow for inventory ! Oh , Portland forcast for tomorrow is 102 degrees .... what is up with that ? 
is happy as a clam . 
is worn out from a full day of travelling and a bit of sightseeing . The Columbia River Gorge has got to be one of the most beautiful places on Earth . 
the worst thing about being a central time zone girl traveling to the west coast is being wide awake at 4:00 AM . I am showered and ready to roll for the day , but still two hours until I start work . 
Portland Oregon high today .... 104 . Unbelievable . 
is glad to have another inventory behind her . Portland is beautiful but I will be really glad to get home to Tennessee tomorrow . 
is so glad to be home . 
just had a dill pickle , vadalia onion and tomato sandwich . Yummy . 
is giving thanks this morning . Sometimes I forget how truly blessed I am . Thanks , Father . 
is so glad that her work day is followed with a deep tissue massage this evening . Ahhhhhhhhhhh ! 
Doh ! My massage got moved to tomorrow night ! One more day of these tight shoulders and I won't be able to move my head ! 
It has geen a good day . I am really fond of good days . 
love lazy Sunday mornings with her coffee and her laptop . Hubby and critters all still asleep , the house is quiet and all is well in my world . 
is wishing everyone a wonderful week ! 
Whew , what a day ! Glad to be home and not staring at spreadsheets ! 
wishes all her fb friends a wonderful Wednesday ! 
is really looking forward to putting this wild work week behind her ! 
had a great time last night at painting class and is looking forward to a party tonight at R & R's! I love weekends ! 
thinks the whole toddler beauty pageant thing is really disturbing . 
had a great time at R & R's , but might regret those jello shots in the morning . 
is enjoying coffee , the animals and a really loud mocking bird this morning . Off to meet girlfriends for lunch and a play this afternoon while Hubby has band practice . 
Well , that weekend just sailed right by ! I'm ready to face down another week in show business ( sort of ) . 
Why on earth have I never tried Cocoa Puffs before ! 
wishes she had Cocoa Puffs here at work .... I feel an unhealthy obsession coming on . 
life is good . Tomorrow is Friday , I had a great massage this evening , the weekend is supposed to be beautiful and I have the best friends in the whole world . 
sure loves Chrissie Hynde ! The Pretenders are a huge part of the soundtrack of my life ! 
wishes the IEI Dragon Boat team a great day today ! 
Why am I up at 4:20 ?? 
is tired , but isn't going to let that stop her from enjoying this beautiful Tennessee day . 
has had a fabulous Monday and is looking forward to a busy Tuesday and dinner tomorrow night with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had a great dinner and visit with < PROPFEMALE > , then took a nice walk with my pups ! 
is looking forward to a few days of R & R with good friends and great music ! FogFest here we come ! 
had a great weekend at FogFest ( thanks < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > ) and catching up with old friends , but there is nothing as sweet as coming home to a house full of wet noses and wagging tails ! 
loves her job , but is glad to be off today . 
The only constructive thing I've managed to do all day is brush my teeth . I cannot remember a day when I have been this lazy ! 
loves the hint of fall in the air . 
just came in from walking the dogs and found a \So You Think You Can Dance\ " special on ! It is going to be a good evening . " 
wants to smack < PROPFEMALE > and I am not even a violent person ... well , except that one time . 
geesh , I can be such a Be-otch sometimes .... 
is doing her best . 
heard the song \Cat's Cradle\ " four times on the way home from Dad's lake place ... I didn't realize that song with still so popular . " 
is ecstatic about sleeping in until 7:30 this morning ! I feel 16 again .... I know I would have slept until noon back then , but still .... 7:30 ! What a luxury . 
enjoyed her day long date with her husband , followed by a nice walk with the pups . It has been a great long weekend . 
it was definitely back back to the grind today ! 
I'm speechless .... I'm not sure that has ever happened before . 
I am really looking forward the the weekend . 
Take a moment today to remember those who lost their lives on this day in 2001 . 
what a great day ! Leisurely morning with a friend , a bit of housework , long walk with the dogs followed by a 8 mile bike ride . Now I'm enjoying a cold Leinenkugel Summer Shandy and relaxing with the Hubby and critters . 
Another awesome day ! Great morning at the zoo with BFF < PROPFEMALE > . The clouded leopard cubs are so adorable and we almost got to experience a Wild Kingdom moment with a < PROPFIRST > Giraffe . Have spent the rest of the day relaxing with the hubby , taking in some football . Life is so good . 
So sorry to hear about < PROPFIRST > Swayze . He came to our sales conference a few years ago with his wife < PROPFEMALE > and they were both class acts . My heart goes out to his family . 
just realized that her beloved Cocoa Puffs look just like rabbit droppings .... 
Come on < PROPFIRST > !!! 
just finished reading \Of Bees and Mist\ " and thinks it may be one of the most wonderful books I've ever read . Thanks < PROPFEMALE >." 
Another rainy day in middle Tennessee .... so how many songs about rain can we come up with ? I'll start .... \I Can't Stand the Rain \"....." 
another rainy TN day ... what to do all day ? 
wishes biscuits and gravy were a low fat , low calorie food choice . 
Another awesome Sunday with the love of my life . 
is getting excited about going to see her boy < PROPFIRST > Hiatt tonight ! Oh , Boz Scaggs is there , too . 
They just found a snake laying in the hall in our office . Okay , it has rained way too much when the snakes are coming in the building to stay dry ! 
is trying to keep a good attitude , but dang sometimes it is hard to do ! 
wow , what a surprise this morning ! It's raining ! Seriously , I am starting to mildew from all this moisture ! 
is waiting for the sexy lawn guy to show up . 
If I had a hammer ... 
really hopes that at least a bit of this weekend won't be rainy ! I want to get out on the < PROPMALE > this weekend . 
Seriously , I saw a duck in my front yard this morning with a protest sign saying Free the Sun . 
there is a < PROPFEMALE > bit of sun peeking out of the clouds , I think we may be on our way to a < PROPFEMALE > Sunday ! 
had a great night out with hubby and friends and saw one of the most amazing sunsets ever . Life is good . 
what a beautiful morning , full of sunshine and blue sky ! I am looking forward to a great day filled with friends , food and a motorcycle ride ! 
just got home from a wonderful brunch with the B's , the first girlfriends I made upon moving to Nashville in 1985 . I'm so thankful that we've stayed friends all these years . Now I'm changing into my biker chick personna and hitting the road . 
Awesome day ! Brunch with friend , dog park with the family , a bit of household chores ... perfect balance , life is great . 
Friends rock . 
Praising the Maker for this beautiful fall morning ! Loving it ! 
Whew , what a busy day at work ! I followed it up with a long bike ride then walked the dogs for half an hour . Finally relaxing ! 
Hump Day , and a beautiful one at that . I love fall , it is my favorite season . 
is thankful to be home rather than staring at yet another spreadsheet ! 
Another lovely fall morning ! I love this weather ! 
TGIF , seriously . 
is loving this beautiful fall morning , but my allergies are worse right now than they were in the spring ! 
has really enjoyed her day ! Long walk with the dogs , then a long bike ride , a massage , then a convertible ride through the country to M & T's new house to help them unload some stuff . Now chilaxin at the crib waiting for the man of my dreams to come home . 
easy like Sunday morning . 
had herself a fabu Sunday . Long bike ride this morning followed by a long walk with the pups . A late lunch followed by a movie ( Zombieland ) with my man , then relaxing back at the crib . Even the rain couldn't dampen my spirits today . 
is content . 
is living the good life . 
is so freaking mad ... oh wait , ( weeping ) that dog story was so sweet ..... DANG why is it so hot in here .... I'm so angry I could spit .... I love my friends so much ( sniff ) , could my silly neighbor please quit hammering on whatever the hell that is in their garage .... open a window , it is a zillion degrees in here .... I am so in love with puppies .... sigh .... Good Freaking Grief !!! 
is much better now . 
is really looking forward to a great Saturday , especially catching the Long Players this evening at Oktoberfest . 
Oktoberfest was fun , but chilly ! You sure needed more than leiderhosen to keep warm today . 
loves waking to a crisp fall morning with no plan for the day beyond enjoying the sound of the birds singing in the back yard . 
enjoyed a great day , church and then lunch with friends followed by a wee nap . < PROPFIRST > and I took the dogs on a long walk this evening and now settling in with some take out Chinese food and The Amazing Race . 
Monday already ? Wow . 
You work beside someone for years , you become a type of family . Maybe you don't sit down to dinner every night and maybe you don't even live in the same city , but you do become connected . A member of my family died today and I am heartbroken . < PROPFIRST > , you will be missed terribly . My prayers are with your family . I will really miss our \deep\ " talks . " 
is numb . 
is thankful for every minute of her life . 
is planning on drowning her sorrows . 
enjoyed being with her friends last night . Nothing works quite like laughter to heal an aching heart . 
appreciates the kindness of strangers . Big thank you to the guy in the park that helped me find my cell phone while we wrestled with four excited dogs ! 
is looking forward to spending the day at the < PROPFEMALE > Buckle arts & crafts fair with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . It is one of my favorite fall rituals . 
is finally relaxing after a long full day . Poor Titans .... my friend < PROPFEMALE > said we suck so bad we should just be called the Tennessee Dysons . 
knows life is hard , sometimes brutally so , but it is still full of joys and wonders that make every day a treasure . 
is going to do her best to put the sadness of the last week behind her and embrace this beautiful day . 
I hate it when you think it's Thursday , but it's actually Wednesday ! 
rode my bike at lunch then let the dogs drag me around the neighborhood tonight ... my legs are tired ! 
is happy it really is Thursday ! 
has the worst headache she has ever had ... what's up with that ! 
loves each new day because it is another < PROPMALE > to get it right . 
anyone else having weird issues with facebook , like not seeing recent posts ? 
enjoyed her night out last night . I'm blessed to have such awesome friends . Today I am helping out at the Harvest Festival at Cannonsburgh in Murfreesboro . Come on out and catch some music , crafts and food . 
it's been an awesome day ! I enjoyed serving apple cider at Harvest Days then hanging around at Cannonsburgh for a bit to take in the action . Once I got home the dogs and I took a four mile trek and it was beautiful ! Now waiting for the sexy lawn guy to get home . 
I love having a day without a plan . The possiblities are endless . 
had a wonderful day ! Shopping followed by a nice motorcycle ride to dinner with the hubby , then we took the pups for a long walk this evening . Beautiful middle Tennessee fall day . 
it's going to be a great day ! A little work , lunch at Loveless Cafe and < PROPMALE > Kravitz tonight with my baby ! 
OMG , y'all ... last night was one of the best concert experiences I have ever had . Long live < PROPMALE > Kravitz ! Let Love Rule ! 
Note to self ... NEVER cut a fresh jalepeno pepper then go take out your contact lenses . 
has no idea what to be this Halloween . I usually am pretty good at coming up with something creative , but this year may truly be the year I wear the sheet with eye holes cut in it . 
Figured out the costume , but you will have to wait for the surprise . Boo ! 
enjoyed a great night out last night with good friends , although the haunted storytellers got rained out . I am looking forward to today , massage later on , then cooking for the homeless followed by trick or treating tonight . 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! It's even a full < PROPFEMALE > , or darn near it anyway ! Have a magical night ! 
Did you \fall back \"?" 
Great day today ! < PROPFIRST > and I have spent the whole day together and we rarely get to that . We lazed around this morning , did some house chores , went to see Law Abiding Citizen , took the dogs for a long walk and now am cooking dinner together . 
truly hates it being dark so early , but on a positive note , the full < PROPFEMALE > was huge and just beautiful on my ride home from the office . 
enjoyed dinner out with < PROPFEMALE > tonight !! That was some spicy Thai food , my nose is still running . 
I went home at lunch and took the pups for a long walk . It is a glorious day ! Get out there if you can , even if it is just for a few minutes on your break . 
is really looking forward to a long weekend in the mountains . It is supposed to be glorious weather and I am especially looking forward to eating at The Little Italian restaurant in Gatlinburg . My very favorite ! 
enjoyed her weekend in the mountains , but woke up with \flu like symptoms\ " . In 24 hours I went from sipping martini's on a balcony with an incredible view to shivering under a quilt with 101 fever and coughing up a lung ..... " 
Day four of pneumonia .... who knew you could cough so much ! 
is feeling a bit better today and is trying to look at the positive . For example , violent coughing 24/7 is a FANTASTIC ab work out ! 
I feel like such a whiner , but I am soooooo ready to feel good again . This pneumonia thing is really cramping my style . 
just coughed so long and hard that I got seriously dizzy and think I had a flashback to some evening involving illegal activity in about 1979 .... 
is on the way to the doctor . Please pray they release me because if I don't get out of my house soon I am going to go crazy ! 
Yipeeee ! Off bed rest and released to go back to work tomorrow ! I still have to do 25 more days of breathing treatments , but at least I can get out of the dang house now ! 
I am so grateful for this Monday morning . I missed going to work last week and am looking forward to doing something besides sit around all day feeling sorry for myself . 
is tired of talking about herself . 
is managing . 
is home for lunch , taking a breathing treatment . I swear that medicine makes me feel like my bones are vibrating ... a sensation I might have enjoyed in an earlier phase of my life ! 
went to the grocery after work ... the first real activity since the dreaded pneumonia . By the time I was finished I was desperately searching for a boy scout to help me to my car ! I can't believe how much that drained me . 
is bummed that she has to miss the Subdudes tonight and is taking solace in that she might catch an impromptu performance at Mardi Gras as she has in years past . 
is looking forward to seeing \New Moon\ " this evening with some of her best girls ! " 
had a fun night out with the girls at the movies . It felt good to be out and about . A few more days of taking it easy and maybe I will be 100% again . 
Happy Anniversary , Baby . You are my < PROPMALE > in shining armor , my best friend in all the world , my intimate companion and the love of my life . Our marriage is truly been one of God's greatest gifts to me and I thank Him daily for bringing us together . I love you . 
had a great day yesterday . Shopped a little , dinner with friends then S'mores over an open fire ! Perfect . 
is giving thanks . 
is enjoying a great evening at home with < PROPFIRST > and the critters . 
Today I am thankful for my job . Not only because the work is fun and challenging , but because I have made wonderful friends within my company . 
is thankful her friend from Wisconsin brought her a bag of yummy cheese curds . We don't have cheese curds in the south ! 
is thankful for french toast and bacon . Hey , sometimes it is the little things ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Remember to < PROPFEMALE > Thanksgiving with you every day of the year . No matter how bleak things may seem , there is always something to be grateful for . Peace to you and your family . 
Dang I am starving ! Five o'clock is just too late to wait for Thanksgiving feasting ! 
is stuffed from a wonderful meal with family at Buca de Beppo , not your traditional Thanksgiving meal , but fabu . After dinner < PROPFIRST > and I went to the Opryland Hotel and took in the Christmas lights and walked around hand in hand and talked about the things we are most thankful for . It was a wonderful day . 
Can't sleep ..... 
I enjoyed my day today . I had a great time hanging with girlfriends this afternoon , then a bit of shopping and ended the day with a great massage ! Now I am chilling with the pups while < PROPFIRST > is at band rehearsal . 
How could < PROPFIRST > pick a peck of pickled peppers when you have to pick the peppers prior to the pickling process ? 
is ready for poker night with the girls ! I believe a Grey Goose martini or two may be in my future , I am sure they will help me with my \poker face \"." 
Today is the first day of my countdown to the end of my forties .... watch out 50 , I am coming at you loaded for bear ! I know the best days are ahead . 
loves dogs and Stinky cats , too . 
Finally home ! CT scan , quick trip by the doctor just to be told it would be tomorrow before they could give me results , then off the the hair salon for pre birthday hair do ! I'm pooped . 
sends a big thanks to my work family who made today so much fun ! Now I am ready for a yummy dinner at Sambuca and a night at the Ryman with Cheap Trick ! Kicking off the big turning 50 weekend right !! 
so is this what happens when you turn 50 ... you can't sleep so you are doing laundry at 3:45 in the morning ? Great . 
is overwhelmed by all the birthday wishes ! Thank you facebook family ! I am looking forward to a nice dinner out with hubby and friends to celebrate tonight , then resting up for the big throw down tomorrow night ! 
Slept great ! I'm enjoying a quiet cuppa before the madness of the day begins . So much to do , so much to do before I can put on my dancin ' shoes ! 
Thank you to all who came out to the birthday bash last night ! I am blessed to have such great friends . It was an awesome time , with amazing music by BooM ! Those guys rocked ( and the lead singer is really sexy , oh wait , he's my husband) ! Seriously , thanks everyone for making my 50th birthday a really great experience ! 
Finally got around to watching the season finale of \Sons of Anarchy\ " . I really love that show ! " 
sippin ' eggnog with a shot of Crown in it . I love Christmas ! 
fire in the fireplace , two dogs at my feet , < PROPFEMALE > curled on the arm of my chair , sipping fresh coffee and listening to the neighborhood waking up .... perfect morning so far . 
is very sad to learn of the passing of a man I've known my entire life and one of my dad's dearest friends . Rest In Peace < PROPFIRST > Carlisle . My prayers are with your family and friends who I know are heartbroken today . 
just got home from indulging in a 90 minute rain drop therapy massage that my massage therapist gave me for my birthday . I can hardly walk I am so relaxed ! 
has a bit of a headache this morning ... surely it doesn't have anything to do with the coffee flavored Patrone < PROPFEMALE > that I was shooting last night . At least this year I stayed away from the moonshine , which is a tradition at the G & J Christmas bash . 
Whew ... busy weekend , three parties in three days plus some shopping and a trip to Bowling Green to pay my respects to the Carlisle family . I'm beat . 
Okay ... I've seen plenty of the give your special woman a pap smear ads ... where is the give your special guy a prostate exam ..... 
sends out a big thank you to my friend < PROPFEMALE > who made me pinto beans and cornbread for supper ! Yummy . 
is very cranky today so you better keep your distance ! 
thinks she heard some herald angels singing . 
So driving to work this morning I had to stop and let eight maids a milkin ' cross the road in front of me . 
had a wonderful time at the Nashville Ballet's performance of The Nutcracker . It was visually stunning and I loved every minute of it . Now I am off to drink some wine and try my hand at painting some pottery with the girls ! 
is a wee bit drunk . We had fun at the pottery place but the rowdy time at the bar with my girlies was a blast ! 
I want a hippopotamus for Christmas , Only a hippopotamus will do . No crocodiles , no rhinoceroses ... I only like hippopotamuses ... And hippopotamuses like me too 
talked herself out of attempting to bake an honest to goodness yule log cake from scratch . Whew , that was a close call . 
the cattle are lowing .... what is that exactly .... lowing ? I mean , I know it will wake a poor baby even though He won't cry ... 
... and since we are on the subject ... what the heck is wassilling , as in \here we come a wassilling \"?" 
I'm feeling it . 
Cake in the oven , casserole waiting to go in , asparagus salad in the works , Christmas music on the stereo , strong rum & coke in my hand ... just about perfect ! 
up bright and early ... I feel like one of < PROPFEMALE>'s elves ... so much to do , so much to do . 
just got home from spending a wonderful Christmas with the folks in BG . It was one of the best visits ever and although my family is < PROPFEMALE > , there is big , big love in them all . 
feels a day full of a bunch of nothing coming on ! It will be a nice change from all of the running around the last several weeks ! 
was all excited about having nothing to do today but then remembered that we have tickets for < PROPMALE > Dunham tonight . Oh well , that will be FUN ! 
We just got home from seeing < PROPMALE > Dunham , who was hysterical . It was a nice end to the long holiday weekend . 
Pet peeve #17 - people who walk through the door into a store , museum , concert hall ... you name it ... and then just stop like there are not dozens of other people coming into the same venue behind them . WTF ? 
Kennedy Center Honors ! Di Niro , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Brubeck and The Boss ... how awesome is that ! 
Okay , I don't know a thing about opera , but that Romanian singer that just performed on the Kennedy Center Honors had me in tears . Admittingly , I am hormonal and pretty much cry at anything , but good grief that was beautiful ! 
Wow ... 2009 is just about behind us . It has been quite a year filled with great joys and terrible heartaches and I am thankful for every experience it brought . 
I have spent the morning cleaning out our junk closet ( big job ) , every kitchen cabinet and drawer and the utility room ! I took a vacation day for this ???? 
Happy New Year to all my facebook friends ! 
Whew , finally done with phase 1 of the attic clean out , which was getting all the Christmas stuff I no longer use out of there . There was a lot ! Now date night with the hubby , True Grit and then dinner somewhere . 
I hate waking up with a headache , especially when I didn't drink the night before to warrant it ! Uhg . 
has cold feet .... literally , my feet are freezing ! 
is actually looking forward to work tomorrow . Something must be wrong with me . 
is excited about \24\ " coming back on this month . It is our favorite show to make fun of . " 
Beige ! 
Careful out there folks ! 
< PROPFIRST > got through surgery okay and is now resting comfortably . 
I've always had a great respect for nurses . A couple of my good friends are nurses . After this afternoon , however , my respect has grown to new soaring heights . I only have one patient to contend with , not a floor full and my nerves are shot ! Those of you who know my husband can imagine .... 
Saturday morning coffee always tastes the best ! 
Lord help me , I should not have to argue with a 57 year old man as to why he has to take the anitbiotics the surgeon prescribed to him . I guess I am going to have to stick them in a piece of cheese and fool him into taking them like I do my dogs . 
loves being the only one awake in the house early in the morning . 
has zero motivation today . Maybe I will go back to bed . 
life comes at you fast , live each moment to it's fullest . Tell those you love how much they mean to you , tell them often . You never know when the ride will end . I'm heartbroken for my dear friend , < PROPFEMALE > who lost her mother today and her loss bring back the pain of losing my own mother . All my love and prayers go to the Abbott family in thier time of grief . 
First weight in of the new diet ... six pounds gone ! Whoo Hooo ! 
is getting ready to fuss at her husband because she caught him cleaning the kitchen when he is supposed to be taking it easy ! 
To my peep's in Bowling Green , has anyone seen any arrangement details for Mrs. Abbott ? 
Its WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( or ridiculous ) we all were !!! 
Please pray for the people of Haiti . I saw where someone suggested all facebook members donate just $10 to the Red Cross , imagine how much help we could give . I'm doing it . 
is home from Bowling Green after attending the memorial service for < PROPFEMALE>'s mom . Pleasse keep the Abbott family in your prayers . 
Friday , Friday , your light burns bright ... I can hardly wait for the night ... my feet upon a stool will lie ... Grey Goose martini by my side .... laptop warming the tops of my legs .... two days to not worry about work's dregs .... 
is really enjoying a great evening at home with the hubs . A few cocktails , marathoning NCIS and laughing like a couple of kids . 
is looking forward to a fun Saturday and eating Vietnamese food for the first time . 
I ran over a fork in line at the bank because I am sexy and I do what I want . 
slept until 7:30 and would still be sleeping if a cold , wet nose hadn't poked me in the eye . 
Unfortunately it is true that working out after a stressful day really does help you relax .... dang exercise ... why does it have to be so good for you ! 
I am proud to work for a company whose owner donaterd $ 100,000 to the Red Cross Relief fund . 
Well , like the Rolling Stones said ... you can't always get what you want ... was going for black with red highlights and ended up with a purplely-mahagony-maroonish color instead .... oh well , it's just hair . 
enjoyed a fun night with girlfriends . Thank you Lord for allowing me to know so many fabulous women ! 
You cannot stay in a bad mood when you own pets ... they will evntually tug that funk right out of you . There is nothing cuter than a 90 pound < PROPFEMALE > Retriever < PROPFEMALE > hopping around with adorable mutt and a Stinky cat . 
has enjoyed a wonderful day . It was nice to get outside and enjoy a 7 mile walk with < PROPFEMALE > then a long bubble bath when I got home to ease the aching legs . < PROPFIRST > and I had a great afternoon together and now are settling in for pizza and a movie . 
is suffering from extreme laziness today and trying not to feel guilty about it . Is that a woman thing ? Why do I feel so bad about just laying around for a day ? 
finally did something productive today .... I painted my nails . 
Go Saints ! No hard feelings Vikings , I like you , too , but New Orleans could use something positive ! 
This game is making me a nervous freaking wreck !!!! Come on Saints ! 
SAINTS WIN !!! SAINTS WIN !!!! SAINTS WIN !!!!!! 
so I joined the group about my hometown , Bowling Green KY and have realized that just about every post I have responded to had something to do with skipping school , parking , drinking too much , partying at various places in town and criminal behavior ..... Hmmmmm . 
It's been another hectic day in the home entertainment industry and I am glad to be home chillin ' with my hubs and enjoying an adult beverage . 
feels like a nut . 
Come on winter storm .... I'm ready for ya ! 
during this week , change your profile picture to someone famous [ actor , musician , athlete ... ] you have been told you look like ... and repost this message .. 
Just went outside with the dogs who are loving the snow ! It is getting pretty icy here in Smyrna TN . It is so beautiful out with the full < PROPFEMALE > light behind the snow . 
loves waking up in a magical , icy , snowy winter wonderland and is grateful she doesn't have to be anywhere but home today . Seems like a good day to finally paint the den . 
Taking a break from painting . The den looks great , but is all torn up , the powder room needs a second coat later this afternoon . I used to like to paint , but then I got old . 
this is for < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > & M , Put this on your status if you know someone who has MS . All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! Dear God , I pray for the cure of MS . Amen . 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU for at least one hour ? 
Monday at the office was so much better than being home painting trim like my poor sweet husband had to do all day . I hate painting trim ! 
I know it is just a TV show , but I am so excited about the return of Lost ! Sawyer , I've missed you so much .... it's okay , < PROPFIRST > understands my obsession with < PROPMALE > Holloway . 
sometimes I really hate being overly emotional all the time , but I am trying to embrace my flaws these days . 
Only 3 more days until the Saints beat the Colts ! Who Dat !! 
TGIF ... that is all I have to say about that . 
is very excited about tomorrow's road trip to Harrodsburg KY with < PROPFEMALE > to spend time with some old friends from college and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s 30th annual Superbowl bash ! Go Saints ! Who dat ?? 
is enjoying a quiet cuppa , listening to the wind chimes tinkle . Thank you , God for another glorious day of living . 
sending < PROPFIRST > and the rest of the boys lots of positive energy ... 
Sort of sad to see The Who without < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > , but < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > sound great for a couple of rock dinosaurs ! I love those guys ! 
WHO DAT !!!!!!! 
INTERCEPTION !!!!!!!!!! WHO DAT , WHO DAT , WHO DAT !!!!!! 
Oh when the Saints .... go marchin ' in ... to their very first Super Bowl win .... Oh how we'll enjoy being in New Orleans ... to drink a Hurricane toast to them .... see ya on Friday New Orleans for the best Mardi Gras ever !!! 
is getting in the Mardi Gras mood , y'all . 
can almost smell the shrimp & grits at < PROPFEMALE>'s on Bourbon ..... 
is almost < PROPFEMALE > bound ... just a few more hours . 
Made it to New Orleans safe and sound . Drove through a bunch of snow in lower Mississippi , how crazy is that ! 
Woke up to a very rainy and chilly < PROPFEMALE > morning . I will not be kept from the first Mardi Gras Abita < PROPMALE > Gator beer this afternoon , though , even if I have to walk through a monsoon to get it . 
Still raining in New Orleans and I am starting to get antsy . I am in my 2nd favorite city in the country during Carnival season and stuck inside .... it might be time to dig out the rain gear . 
Finally got out and went to < PROPFEMALE > for lunch , oysters on the half shell , shrimp po boys , creole shrip < PROPMALE > , bloody marys and < PROPMALE > Gators .... yummy ! Still to dang cold to be outside for any length of time , but the crazies are startring to warm the place up . 
Up at 5:00 this morning ... WTF ? We headed over to the Clover Grill for the best omelette in the French Quarter . We passed dozens of folks just heading in for the \night\ " . LOL ... oh to be young again . " 
brrrr ... cold in < PROPFEMALE > ! Froze at the Endymion parade but made a bunch of new friends ! Saw the Benson's and a bunch of the Saints players . Just came in from a fabulous dinner at Pere Antoinne's , one of my fave restaruants now relaxing before going back out in the fray . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all those I love .... you know who you are . 
What a beautiful NO morning . < PROPFIRST > and I took a long walk though the Quarter , caught an awesome band playing across from the Cathedral in < PROPMALE > Square and he gave me diamonds for < PROPFIRST>'s Day and it is only noon ! I am the luckiest girl in the world . 
Brrrrr ... chilly day in NO today ... high only 47 with 20 mph winds . At least we don't have snow and ice like they do at home . Today is the annual Zulu Lundi Gras festival down by the river . < PROPFEMALE > Shaw , one of my favorite local musicians will be playing . 
Holy Cow !! We all went back to bed and just now woke up ! 
Just got in from the Orpheus parade where we saw < PROPMALE > Connick Jr ( damn that man is fine ) , < PROPMALE > Zahn and the Saint's Coach Payton who was carrying the Lombardi trophy ! How cool is that ? Tomorrow is the big day , Mardi Gras ! 
Fat Tuesday in the Big Easy ! It is going to be chilly , but I bet the spirit of the celebration will warm it up quickly . 
Just came in to take a wee break from the crowd . Went to the Bourbon St. Awards costume contest this morning . Amazing costumes ! I'll post pictures soon . The most popular costume of choice this year seems to be the flying pig ... you know \The Saints wil Win the Super Bowl when Pigs Fly\ " .... love it ! " 
In just a few hours another awesome Mardi Gras will be coming to an end and once again I have loved every minute of it . The revelry , the colors , the amazing music and food , the wonderful people who love this city even with all it's flaws . I'm going to go relish the last few hours ! Happy Mardi Gras , Y'all! 
Home safe and sound and exhausted ! It was awesome to come home to my furry babies who were so excited to see us . There is truly no place like home ! 
is sitting in a patch of sun coming through the kitchen window , sipping on coffee and looking forward to whatever the day may bring . 
has had a wonderful day . I had a massage this morning then went shopping . I took the dogs for a long walk ( they were so excited to get out ! ) and then we alll took a little nap . Now I am going to pick up Thai for dinner to surprise < PROPFIRST > when he gets home from work . It's his favorite . 
< PROPMALE > Krekel , Webb Wilder & now R.E.M all on PBS tonight ... wonderful ! 
< PROPFIRST > woke up with a cold , which is putting a big wrench in my \honey do\ " plans for the day . Maybe today is the day I learn to use a chainsaw on my own . " 
optedd to leave the chainsaw alone and picked up a paintbrush instead . Kitchen trim is now finished ! 
enjoyed her evening out with friends to celebrate < PROPMALE>'s birthday . 
is honoring the memory of her sister , < PROPFEMALE > Kissler who died 32 years ago today at the age of 13 after a car acdident in Bowling Green , KY . < PROPFEMALE > , I love you and have missed you every day of my life . 
is asking her fb friends to say a prayer for her dearest childhood friend < PROPFEMALE > and her husband < PROPMALE > who had surgery today to remove a brain tumor . 
Whew , what a day ! I am glad to be home relaxing instead of chasing DVD's and displays all over the country . 
It is Hump Day , the sun is shining , I slept great .... it is going to be a wonderful day ! Bring it on ! 
is happy as a clam . I've never really understood that expression , but there you go . Happy . That's me . 
If you have a Best Friend that will drop anything for you , be there for you , through thick and thin , still loves you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults ... copy and paste this to your status !!!...? 
enjoyed having lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today ! How fun to get together with high school classmates . 
Friday , how I love you , how I love you ..... 
is looking forward to a relaxing weekend with nothing more stressful than having to decide between a Bloody < PROPFIRST > or a Mimosa . 
loves life , y'all , even though it has it's many heartaches , bends in the road , mountians to climb and challenges to face . 
it is going to be one of those days ... I fell down the steps while carrying the laundry basket , forgot to put the filter in the coffee maker so I ended up having to strain my coffee to drink it , tripped over Nugget and hurt my ankle .... I will be driving later in the Murfreesboro Tn area , so you might want to stay home . 
loves her < PROPMALE > riding , blues playing , rock & roll singing , chess wizard , duct tape artist of a husband . 
March ??? Really ??? Already ??? Geesh . 
Thank you , God , for everything . 
I'm very excited ... I just scheduled an appointment for my next tattoo . Don't tell my Dad . Even though I am 50 years old , he still can make me feel like a mis-behaving teen . Of course , I did give him lots of training . 
is so grateful to her husband for all the hard work he's done this week in the garage .... it is looking less and less like an episode of \Hoarders\ " every day . " 
I am so grateful not to be lactose intolerant because I love me some milk ! 
most men surprise their wives with jewelry or flowers , mine bought me a mini multi-tool because every girl should have a wrench in her purse .... 
enjoyed spending the day with her Daddy . He sure is a mean old cantankerous coot and I will probably be just like him ! 
It is going to be a glorious day here in middle TN and I plan to enjoy every minute of it . A bit of work around the house and yard this morning and then goofing off with the love of my life this afternoon ! There may even be a < PROPMALE > ride in the near future . Woot ! 
is loving the longer days ! I had time for a bike ride tonight before sundown and it was great .. well except for riding into that swarm of gnats and sucking two or three up my nose ! There is no way to look cute on a bike when your blowing gnats out of your nose . 
made an almost perfect red curry chicken for dinner . Not quite there , but getting closer and closer with every attempt ! 
is just so darn tootin ' excited ! Good things on the horizon starting with daylight savings time this weekend ! 
wonders if ugli fruit has low self esteem ? 
I love tattoos . I always have , although I talked myself out of ever having one until later in my life , which is good or else I would look like Kat < PROPMALE > D , well , without the gorgeousness part , but would be tattooed from head to toe . Ten years ago I finally gave myself permssion to get inked and have been moderately feeding the fetish since . Today I am getting my next one and I am very excited about it ! 
was trying to restore some old iron cookware of my great grandmothers and now my house is so smoky my eyes are burning and I had to rip the smoke detector off the wall and throw it outside ! 
it has been a great day ! We got lots of work done around the house today before heading to Working Class Tattoo then off to dinner with R & R , which was fun ! 
I miss my hour already . I love the longer days , but it takes me 2 weeks to adjust ! 
was very excited about my brand new expensive , forged in Germany , steel Chef's knives until I just about cut my dang thumb off making chili this afternoon . Probably need stitches .... 
just had a fabulous romp with the dogs ... nothing erases stress like a couple of happy doggies acting goofy . 
It has been one heck of a long day ! Please buy \Avatar\ " when it hits the shelves in April so I know all our hard work was not in vain . " 
As you slide down the banisters of life may the splinters never point the wrong way . - < PROPFEMALE > Toast 
has nothing to say . 
When you are sorrowful look again in your heart , and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight . ~ Kahlil Gibran 
Perhaps they are not the stars , but rather openings in Heaven where the love of our lost ones pours through and shines down upon us to let us know they are happy . - Author Unknown 
I don't believe I have ever been so sad . God watch over my dear friends who have suffered unbearable losses of parents and children this week . Soften the hearts of those who are quick to judge something they know nothing about . Help me be the rock , Lord . 
just when I think I have finally reached the last tear ... I discover that tears must be infinite . 
There are things that we don't want to happen but have to accept , things we don't want to know but have to learn , and people we can't live without but have to let go . ~ Author Unknown 
is going to do her best today to begin again to celebrate life and to stop looking for answers to questions that will never be resolved . 
Ah .. the smell of wet dogs on a rainy Sunday afternoon .... 
enjoyed a nice evening out with the Beaves . It was nice to actually share a few laughs and remember that for all the great pain that life deals us there are also great moments of joy and you can't really know one without the other . 
It's amazing how many clothes I just packed to go 12 < PROPMALE > from my house for the next few days . Hey all Ingramites , looking forward to seeing you ! 
We < PROPFIRST > time like notches on a belt ... a special prayer for my dear friends today . 
is ready for another day of Sales Summit fun ! Oh , and way to go Kentucky ! Go Cats ! 
is honoring her friend < PROPFIRST > McChesney who passed away earlier this week . We had some times together , didn't we ! I remember visiting you in Sandusky and playing drinking games until the wee hours . Not too many years past , we nearly shared a hurricane together ( the storm not the drink ! ) ! Godspeed my friend and thank you for all the laughs , mysterious Christmas presents , dance parties and for being a great friend . 
If the Cats lose this game , I am blaming it on bad < PROPFEMALE > caused by a really rude and bratty KY fan last night . 
what a beautiful Sunday morning ! My yard is full of birds singing in the day and for the first day in awhile , I don't feel weighed down by a heavy heart . 
To my prayer warriors that have been praying for sweet < PROPFEMALE > , she is now Heaven's newest Angel . Please continue to pray for her family as they greive her passing and celebrate her too short life . 
enough already . 
blah . 
had a great walk with the dogs this evening . So many things blooming and beautiful , but why do < PROPMALE > Pear trees have to stink so freaking bad ! PEEEYEW ! 
enjoyed another great walk with the dogs this evening although Nugget about pulled my arm out of it's socket going after a remote control car some kids were playing with in the park . 
another topless day in Mid TN . I sure love my convertible . 
sometimes I take living in Nashville for granted ... then I go check out a friend playing at a writers night and I remember that \Music City\ " is truly filled with amazing talent and there is no place I would rather be . " 
if I truly take a look at my life and how it has played out to this point , it is impossible for me not to believe that a Presence larger than myself has had a hand in it . I love God and I have no doubt that He loves me , even with all my faults which are many . Whether you are Christian or of another faith , Happy Easter to you all . 
I am completely and hopelessly in love with my husband who is looking really hot today for an old guy ! 
It has been a great day because I was able to spend so much time today with people I love . 
is loving the sounds of the birds this beautiful Easter morning . No matter how wrong the world may seem to you , look hard and you will find joy in the simplest of things . 
has spent a glorious morning pulling weeds , pruning trees , cleaning up flower beds , filling bird feeders and bird baths and washing windows . Now the rest of the day is for fun . Motorcycling this afternoon with man of my dreams and later , cocktails on the deck watching the sun go down . 
thank you Lord for this beautiful day ! We had a great ride on the bike to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s for a fabulous meal and fellowship then back home the long way . It was absolutely perfect motorcycle weather ! 
busy work day , then ran and washed the convertible , came home and rode 5 on the bike then walked the dogs for 2 more , stretched for 20 < PROPFEMALE > . and now I am pooped . Will someone come over and fix me dinner ? 
is a bit melancholy tonight . I wish I could just scoop up everyone's hurts and just throw them in the trash along with my own . 
loves the theme song from the TV show \Saving Grace\ " by Everlast . I saw hom a few years ago with < PROPMALE > Kravitz and he was awesome . " 
at the doctor then off to the womens show .. one of my favorite days of the year ! 
had a wonderful time at the Southern Women's Show with her girlfriends and a great dinner at Urban Flats . 
is honoring the memory of her beloved best friend and Mother , Loleta , who died 11 years ago on April 9th . I miss you every day , but know you are my guardian angel . Thank you for the great lessons you taught me which helped me become the woman I am today . I know you would be proud of me . 
Hey Mom , remember that time you told < PROPMALE > to be careful of the old refrigerator at the end of the driveway because the junk guy was coming to get it and he still backed the Mighty Maverick over the top of it ! For you , Mr. < PROPFIRST > ! 
Hey Mom , remember that trip we took to Ashville to see the Biltmore and we both got drunk at the wine tasting ? Remember that wisteria was just amazing ! I < PROPFEMALE > that trip since it was our last mother/daughter trip before you went home . 
So Mom , I never asked you , but I am pretty sure that it was you who hired the limo to take < PROPFIRST > and I to the hotel after our wedding . Remember , I cut it out of the budget because it was just too pricey and I wanted a champagne fountain for the reception . Thanks for that and for all the other great little surprises you gave me throughout your life . 
Mom , remember when you married < PROPMALE > ? It was such a beautiful wedding in the backyard with the trio from Belmont playing . You looked so gorgeous . All of us in the wedding party did . After the wedding you made us all go to the local K-Mart's photo studio for wedding pictures because \I'm not paying all that money for a photographer when we can get a package for $29.95 at K-Mart ! \"." 
what is the opposite of bright eyed and bushy tailed ... because that is what I am this morning ! 
have you ever ......?? 
Thank you God for this glorious morning ! I've walked the dogs for 3 , rode the bike 6 and pulled a zillion weeds already . I am looking forward to the afternoon's motorcycle ride with my main man . 
is chillin ' on the deck with a vodka/cranberry in hand waiting for the charcoal to get just right for the ribeyes I have marinating in the fridge . Grilled veggie skewers and caprese salad on the side . < PROPMALE > & Jerrys S'mores ice cream for dessert . Life is good . 
Why does Monday always roll around so soon ? 
I thought you were supposed to need less sleep as you grow older .... I am not finding that to be true . 
loves her some dirty , stringy haired , always frowning < PROPMALE > Holloway .... I will miss Lost when it is gone because my fantasy man will be gone with it .... at least I have my Sawyer action figure to keep me company . It's okay .... Kim doesn't feel threatened by my intense crush on a completelty unattainable man . 
At lunch break from my computer class . I use Excel on a daily basis but I am ashamed to admit I had no idea how much you can do ! 
is so grateful to have a friend who cared enough about her to not let her sit through a meeting with a booger hanging out of her nose ! 
I know all God's creatures are his masterpieces .... but I really struggle with what use there could possibly be for a Tick ? I hate those freaking things with a passion ! You know what is really bad ? Being freckled and hating Ticks ! Every freckle looks like one .... it's like being trapped in a bad horror movie .... Is It A Tick Or A Freckle ??? 
I'm tapping in to my inner hippy and starting the day at Cannonsburg for the Pioneer Days Festival and then heading down town to the Earth Day bash and a free show by Bela Fleck . Now where did I leave my Birkenstocks ? 
it is a beautiful day ! i am enjoying pioneer days . 
is ranting ... I live in a neighborhood with sidwalks and a park near by . I walk my dogs a 3 mile loop just about every day . If we meet another pedestrian or a biker , I always pull the dogs off the sidewalk and give the other person the right away . I do it because I know me and two good sized pups take up a lot of the sidewalk . NO ONE EVER SAYS THANKS ... EVER ! Am I wrong to think that is rude ? 
Does anyone remember El Kabong ? I loved that cartoon . 
Okay folks .... if your light is green and there are no cars coming ... it is perfectly fine to go ahead and make your left turn . You DO NOT have to wait for the green arrow . Argh ! 
It has been a great day filled with a little work , a little play , some tears , some laughs and a < PROPMALE > ride with my < PROPFEMALE > to get some Mexican food ! Now relaxing with a cocktail and a dog on my lap . 
is practicing keeping her mouth shut . 
doesn't recognize the mean woman living in her head these days ... 
is baking a pineapple upside down cake from scratch . What the heck is wrong with me ? I'm mean and I'm baking ! I don't freaking bake ! 
is at the dr hoping this time the stitches can com out ! 
Yehaw ... the grumpy one ( me ) is getting ready to start the weekend ! 
is craving french toast and I don't even really like french toast . 
Seriously TLC ..... \The Little Chocolatiers \"?" 
is thrilled to have the husband home early from work . Pretty sure he was the only lawn guy working in Nville today ... he is like the mail , niether rain nor sleet .. 
After all that rain yesterday , my backyard looks like a jungle ! I love it when my trees leaf out and I can't see the houses behind me . 
It is an amazing beautfiul day ! I enjoyed a long walk with the pups and have been working in the yard since . If you are in Middle Tennessee , get outside for a bit today ! 
had a wonderful evening out with < PROPFIRST > although I may regret the many margaritas in the morning ! 
woke up covered in a red , itchy rash .... I guess I will stop taking those antibiotics now ! 
at the dermatologist again ! three times in seven days is way too much . 
Seriously ! Who knew you could itch so freaking much ! It is fascinating how you can not be allergic to something one miniute and the next you are . 
I am having a pity party , which i RARELY do , but geesh , I have the worst rash in the history of rashes ( trust me , it's true ) and now I have a freaking staff infection ! All I did was have a scary mole removed and it has been downhill ever since . Whaaaa , poor me . 
Well , my primary care physician said my rash was the most impressive she's ever seen in her career . As horrible as it is making me feel , I'm starting to feel a bit proud of it . Mom said I was always a bit of an overachiever . 
I made a rash decision not to talk about my epidermal issues today . I know my facebook family will be itching to congratulate me for making such a prickly decision . 
don't talk about the rash , don't talk about the rash , don't talk about the rash ..... 
I love early mornings listening to the birds sing , the dogs snore and God whispering in the breeze . Thank you for this morning , Lord . 
You better be betting on a Mudder today , looks like the Derby will be a messy affair ! 
I love turtles , just in case you didn't know that about me . 
My dish TV is going to crap out just about the time they leave the gate , I just know it ! If this next little storm could just wait 2 minutes ! 
< PROPMALE > BOREL !!!!! YOU GO DUDE !!!!! 
What a day in Middle Tennessee ! My prayers are with those that have suffered losses and damages in todays flooding . Hold tight , it looks like day two tomorrow ! 
Looks like it is going to be another hectic weather day in middle TN . Prayers are going out to all the rescue workers who have really had their hands full the last 24 hours and there is really not an end in sight . Only 4 roads open in < PROPMALE > and some of Brentwood is without drinking water . I-24 looks like the Apocalypse hit . Stay safe people and be smart today ! 
really should have bought those cute little rain boots when they were on sale last week . 
Prednisone ( which I am taking a whole lot of for the world's worse rash ) and three cups of strong coffee will really get you going in the morning . 
Death toll at 9 now in Mid TN due to the weather . Please keep our rescue personnel in your prayers . They are exhausted and things are going to get worse before it gets better . Drinkable water is becoming a problem in some communities . 
after seeing an overhead shot of some of the flooding and how filthy the water is , I just went through a very weird bout of paranoia and filled every water container I can find in the house . I even poured out several soda's and filled the 2 liters back up with H2O . I did stop short of dumping the Grey Goose , however , so I guess I am still a bit sane . 
It is so surreal to be watching this disaster unfold in my city , usually I am watching things like this happen somewhere else . I am very proud of our community and the efforts that have been made to make sure everyone is safe and sheltered . 
Worked all day at the office , came home and ran the vac over the entire house , dusted the bedroom and the den , cleaned the master bath including mopping the floor , fed three animals , cooked dinner and wrote a couple of letters .... I'm going to miss the Prednisone when I get off of it in a few days . 
Please help the Nashville Red Cross by texting REDCROSS to 90999 to make a $10 donation on your mobile phone . Thank you . 
We have no right to ask when a sorrow comes , ' Why did this happen to me ? ' unless we ask the same question for every joy that comes our way .  
love you Nashville ! So proud of you ! 
broke down in omaha ... it is always an adventure . 
So , this has been an exciting day . Car broke down outside Omaha , NE . We were stepping all over a snake trying to climb in the cab of the wrecker and < PROPFEMALE > about peed herself . Our wrecker guy , < PROPMALE > ( who was hot ) took us to Omaha where we spent hours waiting to get fixted . My trips with the girls are never ever boring . Please pray for safe travel for us the rest of the way ... nearly 800 < PROPMALE > left to go ! 
somewhere in wyoming , talk about big sky country . beautiful . 
already saw a moose ! 
okay add a ton of bison and elk to the list of wildlife seen and we arent even at the house . 
just saw 8 elk , including one huge < PROPMALE > crossing the front yard . Earlier we communed with two moose standing in the river and a whole herd of bison who overnight had three new babies join the family . It snowed in the mountains today and it was beautiful . 
is enjoying a great cup of coffee while watching the sun reflect off of the Grand Tetons . God is good . 
Woke up to a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > morning followed by a crazy snow shower this afternoon . More wildlife sightings today , including a red fox , the elusive Osprey and a chipmunk outside of the house . Coolest thing was the two moose lying beside the river just taking it easy . 
is enjoying a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > Wyoming morning with girlfriends . Yesterday a park ranger told us where to go to possibly see wolves and grizzly bears , so if you don't see any further posts from me you will know that didn't end well for us . 
Spent an awesome day in Yellowstone ... such an amazing place , there is something new around every curve . Tonight we headed downtown to the Million Dollar Cowboy Grill for great steaks and too many cocktails . Tomorrow we head back to middle Tennessee and I have to admit I am ready to see my sweetie and those critters who share our home . 
Time in Wyoming is coming to an end . It is beautiful here without question and I am looking forward to my next visit , but I am yearning for the green hills of Tennessee and being back with the one I love most in the world . 
that < PROPFEMALE > had it right when she said \there's no place like home \"." 
finds it really amazing how fast you can go from relaxed vacation mode to stressed to the < PROPMALE > in just one day back to work . 
discovered that she really is too old to party on a week night ... yawn ! 
is happy it is the weekend ! 
feels a little bit Scarecrow ..... if I only had a brain .... 
the new shrek is awesome ! go check it out . 
I sure have been busy on a day I swore not to do anything more strenuous than go to a movie . Why do I feel so guilty if I'm not constantly doing something ? 
So what time on a Sunday morning is an acceptable time to fire up the lawn mower ? 
is really looking forward to Dread Clampitt at the Station Inn on Thursday night ! < PROPFIRST > Bush is a bonus . If you like bluegrass , these guys are great . We discovered them in Destin , FL several years ago . 
what the heck is a fava bean anyway ? 
GaGa and Kiss ..... I love me some freaking \Glee \"!" 
< PROPFEMALE > is looking pretty good for an old guy ... I wonder where I can find some pants like those for < PROPFIRST > ? 
poison oak freaking itches ! 
Station Inn , Dread Clampitt with < PROPFIRST > Bush tonight ... I am very excited . Meet me there ! 
is always in awe of amazing musicians and last night with Dread Clampitt and < PROPFIRST > Bush was one of the best ! Thank you God for talented folks who bring such joy to those of us who aren't! 
loves waking up to a Saturday morning with no plans for the day .... the possibilities are endless . 
has been looking through old pictures from my childhood and walking down memory < PROPFIRST > . I loved every minute of growing up in < PROPFEMALE > Estates in BG ! 
< PROPFIRST > Mann Band at the Avenue shopping center in Murfreesboro today at 2:00 . If you've never ventured out to lower Broadway in N'ville to see these guys , here is your < PROPMALE > . I promise you will not be disappointed . 
Those of us in middle Tennessee know that now that the flood waters are gone we are going to have other issues like mold and misquitos , but seriously , I just saw a misquito big enough to < PROPFEMALE > off a small dog ! It sounded like an F-15 doing a fly by over my head ! 
I'm officially declaring the rest of today and all of tomorrow work free ! Today I have mowed lawns , weed whacked , cleaned the deck and all the patio furniture , pruned 17 trees and cleaned up that mess and I am done ! All play from here on out ! Who's got a cold beer ? 
Happy Memorial Day . Take a moment today to remember those who have served our country . Each and every one is an American hero . 
I have managed to have a completely relaxing and lazy day and I do not feel a bit guilty about it . 
I've been walking since before I turned one ... I'm now 50 ... you would think I would have figured out how to master stairs by this point in my life . Ouch . 
do you ever wonder about stuff like who figured out that an artichoke is food ... I mean , look at it , would you ever have picked that up and tried to eat it ? 
is getting increasing furious over the BP oil gusher polluting our beautiful gulf , destroying already fragile wetlands and causing even more economic turmoil for an area that struggles even in good times . 
I should eat Frosted Mini Wheats for dinner more often ! Delish ! 
is praising God for this beautiful morning . 
Oil on Pensacola Beach this morning , expected to reach Destin area in the next day . If you care anything at all for our coastal neighbors in Louisiana , Alabama , Florida , Texas , please boycott BP and I mean forever . The ecological and economical impact of this crisis will last for years , maybe decades . Don't buy BP ! 
I just walked the dogs and it is HOT already ! I guess summer is really here . 
pet peeve #4 , folks who talk on their blue tooth/wireless head set while checking out at a store . It is rude . Stop it . 
is wishing a happy hump day to all her friends ! 
Okay , I just have to comment on my own profile picture , which was taken in a photo booth somewhere around 1981ish ... Vicki is gorgeous even with her funny face ... but me ... geez , just how big can a pair of glasses get ??? 
have you ever been so half asleep in the morning that you put tootpaste on the wrong end of the brush ? Let me tell you .... that hurts . 
wants to know how one head can hold so much snot ? Alleregies suck . 
Holy cow , it is freaking hot ! Too dang hot for June ! 
I really shouldn't run the vacuum without my glasses on . I just spent 5 minutes trying to sweep up a drop of sunshine coming through the window . 
saw this on a church marquee yesterday and loved it - Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass , it's about learning to dance in the rain . 
it is sooooo hard to tear myself away from the < PROPFEMALE > fan favorites on Logo ! I have been doing housework on commercials though , so that is helping with the guilt . 
I know it is not all about me , but sometimes I wish it was .... just for a second or two . 
a bird pooped on my head ... that's good luck , right ? 
is looking forward to the weekend . Music , friends , food , Toy Story 3 and a visit to my Dad for Father's Day . It is going to be a good one ! 
There is nothing in the world that can make you forget a stressful day as fast as tail wagging , smiling , goofy dog . 
go see Toy Story III , if for no other reason than to see the Pixar short \Night & Day\ " . Awesome ! " 
I love my Daddy . I am so blessed to still have him in this life and am looking forward to spending the day with him tomorrow . 
Happy Fathers Day , gentlemen . Enjoy the day . To my own Pop , thanks for being a great Dad and loving me through all the bad decisions , reckless behavior and heartaches and for being proud of me when I got it right . I love you . 
geez it is hot ! 99 degrees in Smyrna TN today . It's the middle of June . I guess it will be 200 degrees by the timee August rolls around ! 
I don't want to make anyone jealous or anything , but I can still fit into the earrings I wore in high school . 
is trying to just take things as they come , be grateful for all the good things , pray my way through the not so good things and enjoy each day of my life . 
just enjoyed a wonderful massage . My shoulder are back where they should be , not coming out of my ears . 
And if I were like lightning I wouldn't need no sneakers - I'd come and go wherever I would please . And I'd scare ' em by the shade tree , And I'd scare ' em by the light pole But I would not scare my pony on my boat out on the sea\ 
\ 
Some of my favorite song lyrics ever ! 
I've spent 5 hours cleaning the house , scrubbing floors ... then it rains and in no time flat , muddy paw prints are everywhere ..... oh , the joys of having pets . 
I've washed and detailed both cars this morning , so now it is sure to rain . 
I kkow it is only Tuesday but I am already really looking forward to the long weekend ! 
i don't really understand the whole truck testicles thing . obviously it is a guy thing . 
Happy Canada Day ! To celebrate I might have a Molsen's at aboot 5:00 . 
Thank you , God , for this incredible Tennessee morning , for blueberries in my oatmeal , for the best friends in all the world and for loving me despite my many , many flaws . 
just came in from a long walk with the dogs . It has been so hot lately , I haven't been walking them as much . It was so fun to see how much they enjoyed themselves ! 
mowed the yard , did all the floors , cleaned the bathrooms and cleaned out a closet . The rest of the holiday weekend is PLAY ! 
Happy 4th of July ! 
Lucky Charms or Cocoa Puffs ? 
Just gave < PROPFEMALE > and Nugget their quarterly baths ... now my house is covered in wet dog hair and stinks ! Life is good ! 
the older I get the less tolerant I am of whiny aldults and geesh there are so many ! 
Magician #1 - \I can't seem to master the handkercheif dancing 
Pet peeve #17 - Folks who mow their lawns so that the grass clippings blow into the street or over the sidewalk and then just leave the mess there . 
Beech Bend , here I come . I'm having a ton of flashbacks to the 60's and 70's and experiencing a resurgence of childhood fear of the Wild Mouse ! 
So I am sharing Beech Bend memories ... I remember as a teenager taking many an unsuspecting vicitm out there late at night to the Llama enclosure and failing to tell them that those things spit ! 
fun although really hot day at beech bend . the girls loved it . i swear the haunted house is the same one from 40 years ago ! 
Grateful may be my favorite word . 
is out in public without makeup ! those who know me well will realize what a monumental event this is ! 
I have no upper lip . I think I used to , but somehow over the years , it has vanished . Collagen ? Hmmmmmm ...... 
I've been dilligent through the years moisturizing but it occured to me this morning that I I've been forgetting my ears . Now I am obsessing over wrinkly ears along with my missing upper lip ! 
took the Nash Trash tour with my some of my besties yesterday and I highly recommended it . We laughed until we cried . Of course the Bloody < PROPFIRST>'s helped . 
In everyone's life , at some time , our inner fire goes out . It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being . We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Schweitzer 
show business is hard ! Hey ... selling DVD's is show business , right ? 
is very frustrated because she can't get the remote access to work email to work and I am so freaking behind ! Argh ! 
is tired of judgemental , racist people who hide behind Christianity like it gives them some kind get out of jail free card for being ignorant . 
is looking forward to a Saturday with my sweetie ! They are few and far between ! 
thinks the United Methodist Church needs to drop the \open minds\ " part from their slogan . Nothing is quite as sad as an entire denomination operating as hypocrites . " 
I need to lighten up ! I'm shaking off the foul mood and off to enjoy the rest of the day . 
just saw Inception .... very smart movie and I loved every second of it . 
quiet Sunday mornings with hot coffee , dogs at my feet , < PROPFEMALE > by my side and computer on my lap are some of the best moments I have . Sometimes I forget to appreciate just being still . 
A few days ago while playing with my dogs , I got hit in the eye with a hard doggie head and ended up with a black eye . It is uncomfortable how people look at you while you are out in public and you just know they are thinking your husband beats you . He doesn't by the way .... I could take his skinny ass in a heartbeat . 
cranky , cranky , cranky ..... 
i got one of those plastic tooth flosser things stuck in a back molar and thought I was going to have to call 911 ! I finally got it out with some needle nose pliers ! Hey , it was exciting ! 
one minute I'm laughing about having a floss stick stuck in my mouth and the next I am weeping because of receiving news that a beloved friend is facing the soon to be death of her husband due to illness . This is life . 
it is going to be a dang good day ! 
is feeling groovy ! 
Noodle is a funny word ... seriously , say it real fast a few times ..... 
cleaning house , the ipod on shuffle , last six artists have been Joss Stone , < PROPFEMALE > Cline , < PROPFEMALE > Love , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , NRBQ and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , how cool is that ! 
because of our 4-legged kids , we don't use any bug stuff around the house , hence my garage is usually full of spiders ... I was carrying a box out there and in my peripheral vision saw a huge thing on my shoulder , I dropped the box , fell over it and hit my head on the bumper of my SUV all trying to get away from the spider on my shoulder ... then I realized it was my freaking tattoo ! LOL .... 
you know it's hot when you discover how good you can drive with just the tips of two fingers ..... 
needs a healthy peice of fruit that tastes just like a Reeces cup . Why don't they make those ? 
for those who have been praying for < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > , I did get word that < PROPMALE > passed away yesterday . Please keep < PROPFEMALE > and their families in your prayers . They have suffered greatly this year . 
I just shattered my favorite coffee cup in the cafeteria .... I hope that isn't an omen as to how the rest of my day is going to go ! 
I've passed another milestone on my way to old age .... I'm in my nightgown and it is only 8:30 . 
Yep , it was another one of those days . I'm begging all my facebook friends that shop at Kroger , Safeway , Giant Eagle , Publx , Stop & Shop , Pamida , Ingles , and just about every other grocery chain in the country to buy DVD's this holiday shopping season so all my work has not been in vain ! 
a day without sunshine is like ...... well , night . 
slept until 8:00 ! Awesome ! 
These can never be true friends : Hope , dice , a prostitute , a robber , a cheat , a goldsmith , a monkey , a doctor , a distiller - Proverb\ 
Wow ... looks like I have to get a few new friends .. I really liked that monkey . 
is a slave to laundry today ..... ugh . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sykes on HBO ... OMG she is freaking funny . 
woke this morning overwhelmed by the tragedies and losses my circle of friends and family have endured the past 12 months . I remain awed , however , by the power of the human spirit and grace of God . 
has a hankerin ' for some fried cornbread , y'all .... yep .... pretty sure that is fixin ' to be in my future . Oopsy , my southern is showin ' . 
So the biggest cicada I've ever seen in my life flew in through the pet door and Stinky the cat is going insane ! It is Wild Kingdom , subdivision style in my den ! 
Right now I'm having amnesia and < PROPFEMALE > vu at the same time . I think I've\ 
forgotten this before . - < PROPFIRST > Wright 
needs some R & R soon ! 
On a dark desert highway .... 
ever have one of those days where you just forget how to talk ? I have barely been able to form a full sentence all day . 
Y'all please say a prayer for me today . I apparently got a touch of food poisioning from pizza on Wednesday night which turned yesterdays 4 hour drive to Lexington into a 12 hour ordeal . I was up all night and I am not much better today . I need to shake it off because I came her to support my friend < PROPFEMALE > who lost her husband recently . Thanks . 
Witnessing my friend go through the motions of honoring her late husbands life , makes me want to shout from the mountaintops how much I love my sweet < PROPFIRST > and how much I < PROPFEMALE > every moment life gives us together . It sounds so cliche ' , but tell those you love how you feel every opportunity you get . Here today and gone tomorrow is truer than we know . 
is really looking forward to a night with friends listening to < PROPFIRST>'s band play ! 
loves quiet Sunday mornings . 
Time is short and here's the damn thing about it\ 
You're gonna die , gonna die for sure\ 
** And you can learn to LIVE with love or without it\ 
But there ain't no cure 
I hope some animal never bores a hole in my head and lays its eggs in my brain , because later you might think you're having a good idea but it's just eggs hatching .  - < PROPFIRST > Handy 
We have learned to fly the air like birds and swim the sea like fish , but we have not learned the simple < PROPMALE > of living together as brothers . ~ M < PROPMALE > in < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. , Strength to Love , 1963 
is really excited about going out with friends tomorrow night to check out Dread Clampitt at the Station Inn . 
wishes everyone a wonderful Friday and a fabulous weekend filled with people you love . Take a breath , relax , enjoy the good things in the world . 
is very excited about stepping out tonight with her baby and catching one of our favorite live bands ... Dread Clampitt . Station Inn tonight , Nashville ... come on out ! 
Ahhhhh ... Grey Goose ... take me away . 
well ... change of plans ... I guess I am looking forward to staying in with my baby tonight . Next time Dread Clampitt . 
The saying is \ignorance is bliss\ " when the truth is ignorance is just ignorance . " 
I'm ashamed to admit it but I am harboring a serial killer . His name is Stinky and he is evil to his core . Warning to all bunnies , birds , mice , squirels and big bugs living in the Rock Springs area of Smyrna .... he will find you and then leave you in my kitchen and force me to dispose of the body . 
has had a great morning spending time with a good friend . Thank you God for enriching my life by putting great women in my life's path . I only hope I am as good a friend to them as they are to me . 
Only four more days until Friday .... woot ... woot ! 
I feel like such a hypocrite taking my stuff to the recycle center in my V8 SUV . 
enjoyed a topless drive home from dinner with the full < PROPFEMALE > shining bright ! Beautiful evening here in middle Tennessee . 
Was that a < PROPFEMALE > bit of fall crispness in the air this morning ? Oh , I hope so ! 
What a freaking day ! I am glad to finally be home relaxing . 
What a freaking day .... round two . Rarely drink during the week , but this Findlandia < PROPFIRST > vodka and Sprite Zero is truly deserved . 
Happy Friday everyone . I thougth it would never get here ! 
Keep on loving each other as brothers . Do not forget to entertain strangers , for by so doing some people have entertained angels without knowing it . ( NIV)Hebrews 13:1 -2 
Well , I finally broke down and watched Marley & Me and just like I knew I would cried like a baby . 
Home from an incredible weekend in Milwaukee with < PROPFIRST > . The weather was amazing . The hotel incredible and you couldn't have asked for a better ballgame than the game Saturday night between the Brewers and the Pirates . The < PROPMALE > museum was cooler than we imagined . It was a blast ! 
Monday comes way too soon ! 
Amerigos for dinner with the beaves .. fun ! 
chilling at the crib with my hubs and the critters are some of the best times of my life . 
Sorry , < PROPFEMALE > , I stole your profile picture ! 
Anybody out there a fan of < PROPFIRST > C.K. ? That guy cracks me up ! Check out his show on FX , but hold tight if you are easily offended . 
Dinner with a great friend is a super way to start off the holiday weekend ! Love ya , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is totally loving the crispness in the air this morning . I love summer , but fall has always been my favorite time of year . 
is cleaning house with the ipod on shuffle and the volume LOUD ... this is going to take forever because I have to keep stopping to dance ! 
than you Lord , for this beautiful September morning ! 
Two mile walk with the dogs , then eight < PROPMALE > on the bike ! Get outside today if you can , it is glorious out there ! 
What was the gangsters last words ? \ 
Who put that violin in my violin case ! 
I love waking up on a Monday morning and realizing that I don't have to go to the office ! 
Beautiful day for motorcycling thru middle Tn 
has had a fabulous Labor Day with her sweetie . I am ready to head back to the office tomorrow and tackle the frightening world of home entertainment ! < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
is very excited about Sons of Anarchy returning tonight ! 
I can't get my head around why that stupid church in Florida thinks that burning the Quran and making their little statement is more important than possibly endangering the lives of our troops in the middle east . Oh .... I guess perpetuating more hate is the Christian way ..... 
Go Saints ! Sorry < PROPFEMALE > . 
God Bless < PROPFEMALE > . God bless the victims and families of 9/11 . 
bike ride to the gym to take a class and then do strength training .... awesome ! Bike ride home after the class and strength training ... not so much ! Heat index 102 ! Damn near killed me , but this old lady did it ! 
I struggle with feeling like I have to do somthing all the time . I keep repeating to myself over and over that it is okay to be lazy once in awhile . I just feel so guilty ! 
Sometimes the truth of how blessed I am makes me feel weightless . 
There is something wrong with VH1's greatests arists of all time when the Pretenders are ranked less than Journey . 
How can tonight be the season finale of True Blood already ? It seems like it just started . 
I can control my emotions , I can , I can , I can ...... freaking peri-menopause . 
This day was one for the record books . My stress level is on red . 
has been feeling all Loverboy this week .... you know , working for the weekend ! 
what ?? wait ... what is that sound ? Oh , can it be ... is it really possible , OMG , it is !!! It is the sound of my muscles relaxing after the end of a really hectic week ! Ahhhhhhh , sweet relief . 
What a beautiful morning ! I took an early morning bike ride and it was awesome , a bit of crispness in the air . Now relaxing before heading out to Old Timers Day and the < PROPMALE > Walk and I refuse to feel guilty about not cleaning the house . 
Pet peeve # 58 - People that stop a car length past the white line , so that when you are turning onto their street you have to maneuver around them to keep from hitting them . They put those lines on the road for a reason , folks . 
11:18 and still in my jammies ... I love having nothing to do , that rarely happens . 
have you ever eaten a potato chip and it sort of goes rogue on you and stabs you in the gum and a shard gets stuck and it hurts like a mother ?? 
Hey all you whippysnappy's out there ... someday you will be old and your depth perception will start to go , especially after dark , and you will take longer than you should to make a left turn across traffic , too ! 
got talked into heading downtown to see < PROPMALE > Lovett and his large band tonight at the Ryman . I'm excited ! I know it will be an awesome show . 
sleepwalking today but worth it . 
ahh .... the sound of ice cubes tinkling in a glass . 
are Southerners just born craving biscuits and gravy ? 
*** Soap Box Alert *** Some of us CHOSE not to have children and that in no way makes our lives less < PROPMALE > , just different . Also , to the lady at the gym this morning , no one wants to hear about how cute it was that your 4 year old pooped in the tub . It is not cute , it is disgusting . 
boy if you don't do one other thing today , get outside for a bit . It is absolutely wonderful outside ! 
Fall is my favorite time of year .... one if my favorite things is to mix < PROPFEMALE > corn with a can of salted peanuts .... great fall snack ! Try it . 
nothing like starting your week off with a trip to the dentist . 
massaahhhhhge ! Much needed too . 
Is getting very excited about seeing < PROPFIRST > Hiatt tomorrow night . Chihuly and < PROPFIRST > in the same night is like a dream come true to this girl . 
had the almost perfect evening last night with three of her favorite men , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Chihuly and < PROPFIRST > Hiatt . The only thing that could have made it better was if < PROPMALE > Holloway had ridden up bare chested on a horse . 
\insert clever status here \"" 
I've worn glasses since the 2nd grade . Seriously I can't see a thing without them , this morning i was cleaning them and staring out the window when I could have sworn I saw a cardinal wearing a huge < PROPFEMALE > Parton wig ... I put my glasses back on and it was a cardinal with a big wad of my Goldend Retriever's fur in it's mouth ! 
is having a delightful day . Brunch with < PROPFEMALE > then shopping and now getting a facial . 
is trying to take the high road and pray for the A-holes who busted out my car window while I was enjoying a great hike at Long < PROPMALE > State Park with my BFF < PROPFEMALE > and all the doggies . 
if < PROPFEMALE > Judd married < PROPFIRST > Fudd her name would be < PROPFEMALE > Judd Fudd . Why I think that is freaking hilarious , I don't know . 
I normally don't watch sitcoms , but \Raising Hope\ " is about the funniest thing I've seen on TV in a long while . Tonight my husband and I were laughing so hard we were crying . " 
I like it on the bannister of the stairway . 
Anyone going to the < PROPFIRST > & the Scorchers show at Mercy Lounge tonight ? I kind of want to go relive some of my youth ! 
is wondering if she can make it to both the Goat Festival in Lewisburg and Oktoberfest in Nashville today . I think it can be done . 
had a fabulous day with Kim ... long motorcycle ride this morning ... not quite to the Goat Fest , but close and we did see goats . Then off to Oktoberfest , which was fun , Long Players rocked , then to the Boro for dinner at < PROPFEMALE > St. at a sidewalk table , shared a great chess game ( I won ! ) Now ice cream at home while watching \Treasure of the < PROPFEMALE > Madre \"." 
Happy 10/10/10 everyone ! It is going to be a great day ! 
hanging new blinds is not a very good husband and wife task ... at least not in my household , which is why I am on facebook now instead of helping . 
Say \Unique New York\ " 10 times in a row ... bet you can't do it . " 
Politcal ads just make me not want to vote for anyone ! I think we should just put all the candidates on Survivor and whoever makes it to the end wins . 
In a world where we are bombarded with bad news , the rescue of the miners in Chile is uplifting . God bless those men , all the rescue workers and all the families . Well done to the people and government of Chile ! 
I am really looking forward to the weekend . Hanging with the girls tomorrow , celebrating my Dad's birthday on Saturday and the craft show in < PROPFEMALE > Buckle on Sunday ! Life is good . 
When do I have to give up sandals ..... I hate to close my feet up for the winter . 
I woke up this morning hoarse from being loud , a wee bit hungover , sides aching from laughing like a freaking hyena and grateful for amazing girlfriends who made last night so much fun ! 
Seriously , I laughed so hard last night I have a conjunctival hemorrhage in my eye ! That is some serious laughter right there ! I'd post a picture of my bloody eyeball , but I don't want to scare the kiddies . 
what a fabulous day ! Took in the Webb School Arts & Crafts fair in < PROPFEMALE > Buckle with friends , bought some nice pottery , ate some great food and enjoyed a wonderful ride back through the country in the convertible . I love fall . 
made a yummy rigatoni , Italian sau < PROPFEMALE > and pumpkin dish with fresh < PROPFEMALE > and Romano cheese . I love it when a new recipe turns out to be better than you expected . 
thank God for beaches and girlfriends ! 
Why is it I can get up at 5:00 in the morning bright eyed and bushy-tailed on a vacation day , but if it was a work day , you would need a mule to get me up by 6:30 ! 
just spent way too much money on a really cool skirt ! i love shopping at the beach ! 
Martini's , laughter and the anticipation of all you can eat crab legs .... life is good ! 
Okay , I hear it is 80's week . Here is my 80's picture , about 1985 I think . Paste your 80's picture and join the fun ! 
I swear the Red Bar in Grayton Beach just gets better and better every year . The only thing missing was Dread Clampitt rocking the house . 
There truly is no place like home and I am grateful to be back safe and sound from a wonderful few days at the beach . 
same as it ever was ..... 
Do you have a favorite Halloween memory ? I have so many ! When I was growing up a herd of us ran the streets of < PROPFEMALE > Estates until we had pillowcases full of < PROPFEMALE > that were so heavy you could hardly drag them home ! No parents escorted us , you knew everyone in the neighborhood . 
Another favorite Halloween was when < PROPFIRST > Stacker , < PROPFEMALE > Dargo and I went to the Halloween party at the Brass A in BG dressed as a knife , a fork and a spoon . That was alot of wasted tin foil ! 
Yet another Halloween memory ... big party on State St. in BG . I dyed an industrial mop head black and cut it into a < PROPFEMALE > wig . I was a great < PROPFIRST > , but couldn't hear a thing through that freaking mop ! 
Halloween memory for today - trick or treating with my Dad when I was about 5 . We came across some kid dressed as Frankenstein and he scared the bejesus out of me ! Daddy had to take me home because I wouldn't quit screaming and I would throw a fit any time we went down that street for years after that ! I wonder who that kid was ? 
When black cats prowl and pumpkins gleam , \ 
May luck be yours on Halloween . \ 
~ Author Unknown 
Monday , today I am going to try to embrace you ... the start of a new week .... opportunites abound . It is all about the attitude , right ? 
Despite the division in our nation , lets all come together today and practice one of the great things about our nation .... the right to VOTE ! 
Enjoy those movies you rent or buy on DVD folks , because I know an awful lot of people who work really hard every day to bring them to you . Show business is hard ! 
I like bats . I bet you didn't know that about me . 
I really liked the Monkee's and I am not ashamed to admit it . 
has a really bad case of the lazies ... I just don't want to do anything today . 
My lazy day turned into cleaning out the pantry and the hall closet , taking a car full of stuff to Goodwill , cleaning the bedroom and bathroom , sweeping the deck and the garage . Getting ready to head out to see \Due Date\ " with the sexy yard guy then to dinner . Sundays are great . " 
just wants to say I'm sorry to the guy in the big white truck , which I did not see prior to pulling out in front of you earlier today , nearly causing a wreck that may have killed or seriously injured us both . Thank you Lord , for giving me the relexes to swerve into the shoulder at the last minute . 
Tuesday ! I love Tuesday ! 
In war , there are no unwounded soldiers . ~ Jos Narosky\ 
Take a moment to honor our Veterans tomorrow . Thank you doesn't seem to say enough . 
My internet is down at home , which led me to admit the truth ... I am a facebook junkie . 
Nothing will make a day feel longer than waiting on the cable guy to call during that 4 hour window they give you . 
Hello Satruday , you are looking nice and shiny and full of promise . 
I knew this was going to be a good one ! Noshville with < PROPFEMALE > , who I love more every day , then a stroll through a nice gallery , < PROPFEMALE>'s cupcakes , found the perfect curtains for the bedroom and they were on sale , the Cinique girl told me I had the most fabulous skin , found an awesome jacket and now off to have Thai food with the love of my life ! 
Happy Birthday , Mom . Not a day goes by that I don't miss your earthly presence , but I know without a doubt that you are the Angel that sits on my shoulder . I love you so much . 
discovered last night that Wii golf is not my game . 
loves this time of year . 
\How many slams in an old screen door ? Depends how loud you shut it . How many slices in a bread ? Depends how thin you cut it . How much good inside a day ? Depends how good you live ' em . How much love inside a friend ? Depends how much you give ' em . \ " \ 
lost a business associate and friend today to a sudden heart attack . I'm heartbroken for his family and his many friends who loved him . RIP < PROPMALE > , I have no doubt that you are already the most popular guy in Heaven . 
is looking forward to spending time with good friends this weekend and taking in some great live music . 
I've been married to my best friend for 12 years today . I love you < PROPFIRST > . 
truly one of the best feelings in the world is waking on Monday morning then realizing you are on vacation for the week ! 
It's a new day - a < PROPMALE > to make new friends or piss off a whole new group of people . It could go either way . 
I don't know much , but one thing I know for sure is that life is going to whip you around like < PROPFEMALE>'s house in the cyclone . Friends by your side , like the Tin Man , Lion & Scarecrow , are what keep you going . I am blessed by the friendships in my life and know that with them I can take on any flying monkey . 
Note to my friends in the middle Tn area .... do not eat a < PROPMALE > Burger in the ' boro and a < PROPFEMALE>'s cupcake in the same day .... trust me on this . 
I have done so much in preparation for hosting Thanksgiving this year ... why do I still have so much to do ? 
Off to take all three babies to the vet for their yearly check ups . This is always an experience . 
love Thanksgiving ! A whole day set aside to be grateful , what a joy ! Miss the ones who are gone , but be grateful that you knew them . If the turkey is dry , be thankful that you could afford one , if the souffle falls , be thankful you have an oven to cook it in . If your family dynamic is tense , be grateful you have a family . Happy Thanksgiving , everyone ! 
had a great Thanksgiving with the family ! I was very proud of my carrot souffle and cornbread dressing and the cranberry pie I baked yesterday was the bomb . 
is enjoying coffee in front of the first fire of the season . Just making the best of a chilly morning . 
I've not decorated for Christmas for at least 3 years , but today I actually put up a < PROPFEMALE > tree and decorated the mantel . Tomorrow I'm stringing lights outside . It has been such a tragic year and Christmas always feels so hope filled , so I've decided to participate this year ! 
it has been a great day . Thanks , God . 
A mouse just ran through my bedroom . Stinky the cat is apparently falling down on the job and now we have to move . Darn it , I like my house . 
the mouse saga continues ... my husband apparently has it cornered in his office and just put on gloves to try and catch it . I had to leave the area , mainly because I didn't want to end up laughing at my husband for trying to do something so brave as to catch a mouse with his hands . 
Mouse saga 3 - this morning while getting ready in the master bath , I glanced into our walk in closet and see the mouse peering out from behind a shoe . Great , I have to get ready for work in the same room as the mouse . I shake all my clothes before putting them on , then slide my foot in a boot and my toes bump up against something . Never jumped that high in my life . Mouse still loose in the house . Damn traps . 
When you have a mouse in the house , those floater things in your eyes are really inconvenient ... I've about given myself whiplash for jerking my head around seeing \mice\ " when they are just eyeball floaters . Sigh . " 
Yummy .... first cup of eggnog for the season . 
Mouse update ..... little guy went to the big cheese shoppe in the sky . 
I know I am probably the minority , but I am digging the colder weather . 
Thanks to all for the wonderful birthday wishes ! I'm feeling a bit verklempt . 
free dessert on your birthday is a wonderful thing ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The Goal ? Not\ 
to see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th , and be surrounded\ 
by only our best childhood memories . Join in the fight AGAINST CHILD\ 
ABUSE and copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do\ 
... the same ! 
** Mush Alert ** I don't have much family left in this world , but God has blessed me beyond belief with a wonderful \family\ " of friends . I am grateful for each one . I only hope I am as good a friend to all as they are to me . " 
Brrrrrrr .... fireplace going , eggnog with a shot of < PROPFIRST > in hand , dog babies at my feet and < PROPFEMALE > curled next to me , the only thing missing is my sweet man who is playing a gig tonight . 
I have a girl crush on Grace Potter . 
What was your most memorable Christmas gift ? Mine was receiving a lace dress that my Great Grandmother had made that we thought was lost . My cousin found it folded in some quilts and my family had it heriloomed and framed along with a photo of me wearing it when I was 3 years old . 
Tag , you're it . 
Home under the weather today and feeling guilty about it . 
I'm excited ! I got my car antlers and nose today ! I am now in that goofy group of Christmas lovers who pretend their cars are < PROPMALE > . Wooo Hoooo ! 
Friday nights are the best ! 
wow .. a Saturday without a single event planned . That rarely happens in my life . What to do ? What to do ? 
I'm watching Top Chef while eating Chef Boyardee ravioli out of the can .... what is wrong with this picture . 
I want to think it is the Christmas spirit that has me digging the cold weather , but in truth , I think it is just hot flashes . 
awesome day to finish the shopping ! l am loving the blustery cold ! 
Just got home from a friends Christmas party , and boy , the roads are bad ! I fyou are in Middle TN stay in if you don't have to go out . 
figgy pudding is just fun to say ... go ahead ... figgy pudding , figgy pudding , piggy fudding .... LOL 
Heated car seats are the greatest thing since windshield wipers ! 
Thank you , Lord for everything . 
Friday ! 
On the way to girls nite out ... holiday lights via limousine . 
Mocha mint coffee , a little dusting of snow on the ground , it is a great morning . I am in the mood for gift wrapping while badly singing Christmas songs . Life is good . 
Boy , you want to get in the Christmas mood , just go to a local dance studio's Christmas progam . I was smiling and laughing until my cheeks hurt ! Those little girls in their cute costumes were almost unbearable cute ! 
Why in the world do I have this overwhelming < PROPFEMALE > to go to Wal-mart right now ? I never shop at Wal-mart , can't stand the place , but for some reason I am feeling it's tempting \open 24 hours\ " pull ..... " 
Friendship is like a garden , you have to tend to it in order for it to grow and remain healthy . Ignore it and it will dry up and die . 
Waiting for The Fighter to start . I am excited . 
Christmas rocks ! My Secret < PROPFEMALE > at work knows me very well .... she gave me vodka ! 
is rockin ' around the Christmas tree ! 
have you ever started to fall down in one room but by the time you finally do hit the ground you've managed to stumble through two others . No one has ever called me Grace . 
I have forty zillion things to do today , but I can't seem to leave the roaring fire in the fireplace and this yummy cup of mint mocha coffee . 
When the recipe says bake at 350 , it is not a good idea to set your oven for 475 by accident instead . I know have < PROPMALE > chocolate charcoal . 
it is a white Christmas in my hometown and i am loving it ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! It is a wonderful winter wonderland in KY and we are loving it . 
1st annaul Kissler tradition behind us . Christmas brekfast at < PROPFIRST>'s . Always an adventure . 
Daddy was thrilled with his gift from < PROPFEMALE > ! Surprise went down better than we could have planned . 
Another wondeerful Christmas with the family ! I hope everyone else had a great day , too ! 
work ... uhg . 
Lord , thank you for sending me a man who can put up with me ! Love you , Baby . 
Holy Cow , < PROPFEMALE > Hudson just left me with tears rolling down my face on the Kennedy Center Honors . Amazing ! The TSU choir was great , too . 
is at the doctor taking her spanking for gaining weight instead of losing . 
I am very happy . Just thought I'd let you know . 
So what does everyone have planned to bring in the New Year ? Me and my man are cleaning out the attic ! Woot ! Woot ! 
Why on earth am I watching \Jersylicious \"?" 
I love waking on a Monday morning and realizing that I don't have to go to work today ! 
I've worked out , gone the the bank , dropped a bunch of stuff at Goodwill and filled the car with gas . I was thinking about vaccuming , but recently heard it is dangerous to your health . 
I've enjoyed the holiday break and am ready to get back in the routine . What is wrong with me ? 
just worked out with the Just Dance 2 for Wii .... holy cow is that fun but I hope there are no hidden cameras in my house because I know I looked something like a three legged pig stuck in a pool of tar ! 
I'm feeling quite whiny this evening . 
just finished watching \Kick Ass\ " with < PROPFIRST > and we both LOVED it ! Not for the squeamish . " 
just ate a boiled egg . Boiled is one of those words that if you say it a lot in a row , it doesn't sound like a real word . 
just set the microwave on fire .... not on purpose as those who are familiar with my microwave might think . Now my house stinks and is smoky ! The silver lining is that maybe I will be able to finally replace the 35 year old microwave ! 
had a great day today ! A few house chores , then < PROPFIRST > and I enjoyed lunch and a visit to the Impressionists exhibit downtown with friends . 
made it to work but it is slick . Be careful if you have to get out . 
Okay , for those who love a good ghost story ... Dean Koontz latest book \What the Night Knows\ " will scare you to pieces ! I'm not sure I can finish it ! " 
enjyoed a great dinner out with friends celebrating < PROPFIRST>'s birthday . Happy birthday , Sweetie . You rock . 
is seeing an ortopedic doctor this morning after years of denying that I have a crappy knee . Wish me luck . I want to Zumba ! 
is really fighting an urge to eat chocolate . 
had fun just hanging with < PROPFEMALE > tonight and doing some wii bowling . 
just got home from having an MRI on my knee . Like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > said \getting old is not for the faint of heart \"." 
is seriously considering a nap . 
about killed myself this morning trying to get away from a skunk that must have come through the pet door .... then realized it was one of those carcass toys for the dogs ... I really need to turn on the light in the kitchen in the mornings . 
please don't drive in the left < PROPFIRST > if you want to go 20 < PROPMALE > an hour below the speed limit . Thank you . 
really enjoyed an afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > . Lunch and then The < PROPMALE>'s Speech , which was very , very good . < PROPMALE > Firth was incredible . 
I am so glad < PROPMALE > Roth is on a hit show so that I get to enjoy him every week . I love that guy ! 
My feet are cold . 
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as it was in the summer , when they complained about the heat . ~ Author Unknown 
I might be the only one in middle TN , but I am digging the snow ! 
I watched a yogi on TV talk about how we should gently wake our bodies in the morning by drinking a cup of hot water ..... I prefer to bitch slap mine awake with coffee ! 
saw The Tourest today ... not very good . Sorry < PROPFIRST > . We had a nice dinner at the Thai restaurant with friends .... that was good . Great Saturday . 
wide awake at 5:00 on a day I can sleep in .... sometimes is is a cruel , cruel world . 
golly , could I be any lazier ? 
Dear Bears .... the game started already in case you didn't notice . 
Beanie Weenies is just fun to say . 
snow for a change ! 
is enjoying the afterglow of a great dinner and visit with my friend < PROPFEMALE > . I am richly blessed with fabulous friends . 
I love my hairdresser . I go in and ask for rockstar hair and she gives it to me without once saying I am too old to have it ! 
is starting to ger really excited about seeing < PROPMALE > House in a couple of weeks .... he is playing with that < PROPFIRST > Plant guy . 
is home safe and sound after an amazing visit to < PROPMALE > Hole with great friends . We enjoyed many firsts on our trip including snowmobiling ( loved it ! ) , skiing and sleigh riding behind a team of horses . Loved every minute ! 
Well ... that sure happened fast ! Come on Packers ! 
check out google today for their tribute to < PROPMALE > Verne . very cool . 
is waiting for < PROPFIRST > Plant to take the stage ! 
Whew ... what a week . 
is listening to her husband cackle like a hyena and loving it ! Laughter never gets old . 
is looking forward to Noshville this morning with < PROPFEMALE > ! Yum . 
is at the car wash along with te rest of middle Tn . 
It has been a great Saturday , starting with breakfast & gallery browsing with < PROPFEMALE > , shopping , a movie with the love of my life and then cooking dinner together . Now we are watching The Godfather . Can you believe that movie is nearly 40 years old ? 
is sittiing in a fabulous pool of bright sunlight enjoying my coffee and watching a red headed woodpecker in the backyard . Life is good . 
is feeling a lazy Sunday coming on .... well as lazy as you can be when you have five or six loads of laundry to do and a dirty house to clean . 
okay ... I am all for senior citizens keeping their driving privileges as long possible , heck I am well on my way to seniorhood ... but when I see a what had to be 80+ year old lady who can barely see over the dashboard to drive in the first place texting while driving ... well , I think there needs to be a task force created to wipe this out ! 
Muford & Sons and Avett Brothers ... great Grammy performance . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
Sponges grow in the ocean . That just kills me . I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be if that didn't happen . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Wright 
i am so late . 
Whew . 
Happy Saturday everyone . I am looking forward to a great day with friends , starting with taking and serving a meal at the Women's homeless shelter in Nashville , an experience wihich is incredibly humbling . I hope everyone has a great day ! 
Thank you , Lord for anohter day , another < PROPMALE > to get it right , another day to spend with loved ones and to enjoy the pleasures of life . 
Went to see \Unknown\ " with < PROPFIRST > this afternoon . Very good . Liam rocks for a 59 year old action < PROPFEMALE >." 
I am digging the new show \Chicago Code \"." 
I miss you , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm good at keeping a postiive perspective on life , but today I just can't do it . It's the anniversary of my sisters death , a loved one had to put a great dog down today , work is insane , another friend is celebrating a bittersweet b'day , the first without her husband who died , BP f'd up the Gulf for ages to come and I have to have knee surgery tomorrow . I'm pissed , heartbroken , stressed out and exhausted . 
A good night's sleep cures a lot of ills . I'm in a much better frame of mind this morning . Thanks for all the kind words . I'm off to get my knee fixed shortly , sure wish I could have some coffee . 
Surgery went fine . Now just fighting nausea from the anesthesia . but all is well . Thanks for the well wishes . 
Still suffering from a squishy stomach , but I am looking on the bright side ... maybe I will lose a couple of pounds . 
A big thank you to all my friends who have kept us in food while I am recovering from surgery . < PROPFIRST > was feeling pretty nervous about the possibility of actually having to turn on the stove . 
Knee is good . Not much discomfort now although don't have full range of motion yet . Stomach all better after a couple of days of Phinagren ( sp ) . So what is going on with you ? 
Okay , running the vacuum two days after knee surgery might not have been the smartest thing I've ever done ... 
is beginning to suffer from some serious cabin fever . 
my schedule is all cracked out . I will have a heck of a time getting back into the swing of things tomorrow . 
for those ladies who have ever tried to grow their hair out from a short style will know the triumph of reaching that first ponytail .... even if it is a high on your head semi-samurai looking nub of a thing . 
Whine alert ....... my knee is effin killing me . 
I saw someone say tomorrow is Dr Seuss's birthday and to post your favorite quote . Mine is below . I still have all my Dr Seuss books from when I was a kid and I still < PROPFEMALE > them today . \ 
Today you are You , that is truer than true . There is no one alive who is Youer than You 
\After Monday and Tuesday even a week says ' WTF\ " .... Stephen Tyler ...... LOL ! " 
Massahhhhhhge ! Great start to the weekend . 
woke up at 4:00 thinking about speed tables , dump bins , facings , spinner racks and pallet displays and how many DVDs I can get in them . I hate it when work wakes me up like that ! 
I am looking forward to brunch at Ellendale's with my sweet < PROPFEMALE > this morning to celebrate her birthday ! 
is sitting at the doctor's waiting to get the stitches out of my knee . 
< PROPFEMALE > has brought me to tears two weeks in a row . 
Raylan or Boyd ... dang I love them both ! 
Hey Bowling Green folks ... does anyone remember < PROPFEMALE > Honaker by any < PROPMALE > and know where she is these days ? 
Woot ! Friday ! I am looking forward to hanging with some of my besties tonight and having a cocktail ! Tomorrow a nice visit with the folks is on the agenda and sometime this weekend I am going to see Rango ! 
I had not seen any of the images from Japan until now while I am getting ready to go out . Incredible devastation and my heart aches for all who lost loved ones , their homes and businesses . Please keep the people of Japan and other areas affected in your prayers . 
is really enjoyig the sun pouring through the windows this morning as I have my coffee while cozied up with Nuggie and < PROPFEMALE > , my dog babies . 
we had a nice day in Bowling Green visiting with my folks . Now chilling at the crib . 
is actually looking forward to cleaning the house tomorrow . What is wrong with me ? 
is putting her head in the sand for the rest of the day . 
well , my spirit is ready for vigorous housework , but after vacuuming and mopping for a bit , my knee is telling me it isn't quite ready . The doctor says take it easy for six weeks , why do I think I should be able to do what I want in two and a half ! My husband says it has something to do with my being stubborn . 
Head hurts , nose is stuffed up , eyes are itchy and gooey .... yep , it is springtime in Tennessee . 
Friendship is unnecessary , like philosophy , like < PROPMALE > ... It has no survival value ; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival . \ 
C . S . < PROPFIRST > 
The ratio of We's to I's is the best indicator of the development of a team . I read this quote today and loved it . I can't stand it when someone else takes credit for accomplishments that were not solely theirs . 
Nothing like an adult beverage or two after work with good friends to take the edge off a stressful day . 
Started the weekend off with a massage after work last night and now am looking forward to a busy day with friends and tonight dinner at one of my favorite places . 
I try to be a big < PROPFIRST > Morrison fan , but I just fall short .... I know that makes me less of a music geek . 
we had a great time with friends last night ! I laughed so hard I am sore this morning . I love those kind of moments . 
The hubby put up a nice new track lighting fixture in the kitchen ! No more early 80's horrible flourescent lighting any more ! It's the little things .... 
So I was cleaning out a box of old stuff tonight and came across a t-shirt from The Caribou , which was a bar in my home town that I < PROPMALE > out at long before I could do so legally ! Talk about starting some memories flowing .... 
Taking a minute out of a crazy day to just be thankful for my life's many blessings . 
Raylan !!! It has been a whole week and I've missed you ! 
enjoyed my afternoon off followed by a fun evening with a houseful of girlfriends ! Kicked back now with the hubs pulling for UK . Go Cats ! 
CATS ROCK !!!! Great freaking ball game ... I'm a nervous wreck ! 
is running errands this morning and looking forward to a facial this afternoon . 
Yipee , Butler ! 
They say the first step is admitting you have a problem ..... here goes ... I love make-up . I can't go a day without using .... it just makes me feel so much better . 
I have got to get off the computer and out of this house ! I have things to do before the UK game this afternoon and I sure want to be home for that . 
Amazing how a ballgame , which doesn't really affect my life at all can make me so freaking nervous ..... GO CATS !!! 
There is no end of craving . Hence contentment alone is the best way to happiness . Therefore , acquire contentment .  
I hope for the rest of the week the toughest decision I have to make is cowboy or alien . My peeps at IEI will understand . 
Why the hell am I awake ?? I have a presentation to give in just a few hours , I need to be sleeping ! 
Dang , it is going to be a really , really long day . 
Safe travels to all my IEI peeps who are travelling to the ' boro today . See you in a few hours ! 
Wow , y\all . Amazing night for me last night personally at our sales conference . I am looking forward to great day full of surprises ! " 
I am completey exhausted and still have the Universal Studios Cowboys vs . Aliens bash to attend tonight . I know I am going to get my second wind any minute .... 
ALIEN !!!!!!! 
Another sales conference behind us . Great to see everyone ! 
LET'S GO KENTUCKY !! 
Come on KY , you have to take advantage of those free throws ! 
I had a wonderful massage this afternoon although you would never know it now by how tense I am watching this freaking game ! Come on Kentucky ! 
I can't watch ... 
All I can say , is GO BUTLER ! 
Wow , I can't believe this weekend is pretty much over . Monday , I am not quite ready for you . 
I know she is imaginary , but I'd love to be < PROPFEMALE > Scuito for about a year . I freaking LOVE her . 
The sun is beaming through the windows , the birds are singing a great symphony and I am grateful to be alive to experience it . I am going to work hard today to < PROPFEMALE > this feeling of gratitiude with me all day , because the Lord deserves it and so do I . 
has Iggy ever worn a shirt ? 
is at the Ryman with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Today I am honoring the memory of my two guardian angels who left the earth this day twelve years ago . My mother , Loleta left us early in the morning and my dear Aunt < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > followed in the afternoon . I know they walk hand in hand in Heaven sending down love from above . I miss you both so very , very much . 
Off to the Farmer's Market to buy bedding plants , ferns and who knows what other goodies ! Lunch at Swett's , too ! 
Wow , 90 degrees on April 9th .... um .... where did spring go ? 
to nap or not to nap ..... life gives us tough decisions sometimes . 
I should be outside weeding the beds and getting them ready for planting and mulching instead of sitting here on facebook . 
Only in the south will you find a restuarant that features a different grit dish each day of the week . Yesterday's grit special was Buffalo Chicken Grits and holy cow were they delicious . I have got to figure out how to make them . 
I have mowed the yard , weeded all the beds , put down week block , planted four < PROPFEMALE > bushes , bachelor buttons , cosmos and a flat of impatiens , cleaned the fountain out and got it running and swept the deck . I'm pooped but still have to go out with < PROPFIRST > to take care of some thngs then mulch later today . That ice cold Grey Goose martini I plan having around 6:30 will be well deserved ! 
Wow . Where did the weekend go ? 
If at first you don't succeed , then skydiving is not for you . 
watching Tombstone for the gazillionth time . I'll be your huckleberry ! 
drove back from lunch with the top down and U2 Beautiful Day on the radio . Nice moment . 
Apple sangria ..... yummy ! 
another top down lunch ride this time with Jonny < PROPFEMALE > . 
Foo Fighters ! 
the buzzer on the dryer is the most annoying sound .... right behind the alarm clock ! Laundry on a Friday night .... what happened to my life ? 
Massage this morning then volunteering at Cannonsburg for Frontier Days today , come on down and check it out ! Lots of arts & crafts . Tonight heading back to the ' Boro for the Operation Education Animal Rescue fundraiser at Coach's Grill . It is going to be a fun day ! 
I am freezing ! Where's a hot flash when you need one ? 
is at Rockin for Rescues enjoying a Corona and lime . 
I've got a serious case of the lazies this morning . 
took the dogs for a very long walk and I just have to say it is a beautiful day ! 
It is rare for me , but I kind of feel a wee bit down , not much ... just a little , so do I have the aquas instead of the blues ? 
I got plans , baby ! 
So driving to Louisville this evening , I passed a sign that said \Used Cows for Sale\ " ... I don't even want to know what that might mean .... " 
I am on my way to Cincinnati this morning to meet up with my step-sister < PROPFEMALE > who I have not seen in 25 years . Our folks were married for a time and we became very close . I am nervously excited . I hope she still finds me lovable . 
It is a rainy day in southern Ohio , which is messing with my plans for a zoo visit . There is a huge Ikea store nearby , we may be spending the day in there . 
in line at IKEA . 
What to do ... what to do .... rainy night in southern Ohio ... 
in a bar listening to Cinci band The Snowshoe Crabs ... so far they have covered The Cure Gin Blossoms .. Tom Petty and Green Day ... lovin it ! 
okay this band just played Blister in the Sun ... I love these guys ! 
Rain or shine , Cincinnati Zoo today and Skyline Chili for lunch ! 
stuck in tbe manatee house at Cinci zoo ... it is storming like mad . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I made a run for it from the Manatee house at the back of the zoo to the car and I can honestly say we may have been drier had we just got in the Manatee tank with them . 
If you are in the Nashvlle area and need something fun to do , go catch Dread Clampitt at The Basement tonight . I am sad that I am going to miss my boys on their return to N'ville! Somebody please go and then tell me how awesome they were ! 
Happy Easter , everyone ! May the Lord bless you today and every day . 
wow rain for a change . 
Next round of wicked storms on the way . I'm so glad I was able to get in an hour walk with the dogs this evening since it looks like the next couple of days are going to be soggy . I swear my grass is going to be a foot tall before we get to mow ! 
Whew .... glad the storms have passed . What a day . 
Raylan is going to be some kind of pissed off ! No Hillbilly Whisperer this time around ! 
Please take a moment to lift those who were so impacted by yesterdays storms up in prayer . I am heartbroken for our brothers and sisters to the south . 
I'm asking my facebook prayer warriors to lift my daddy , B.H. Kissler up in prayer . He is struggling with some very serious health issues . Thank you . 
My heart is breaking ... 
A sincere and heartfelt thank you for all the prayers and well wishes . My dad seems a bit better this morning , at least in spirit , which is good . 
Been out and about today with friends and < PROPFIRST > , which has been nice and a distraction from worrying about Daddy . I'm back to BG on Tuesday to take him for a lung biopsy . Thanks for all your prayers . 
Peace be with you . 
Got Daddy to the Medical Center in Bowling Green . They did the chest catscan then prepped him for the lung biopsy only to find out that his blood was too thin for the procedure . They are going to try again on Thursday so we still don't know what is causing his problems . It wore him out and frustrated all of us . I so appreciate all the thoughts and prayers . 
