Happy New Year ! It's 1 degree above zero right now . Going snow-tubing tomorow at Wild Mountain and it does not look like it will get any warmer between now and then . 

Air temp -16F when we got up this morning . Snow tubing canceled . Going bowling instead . Flying to < PROPMALE > tomorrow . Airline called last night , connecting flight canceled . Sat on hold for an hour to get rebooked . Only flight available leaves 2 1/2 hours earlier . Day is NOT off to a good start . 
I ran in the Walk for Hope 5K run last Saturday . So of course , we got our first snow the previous evening . Never ran a race in below-freezing weather before . 
Christmas festivities are over , alas . But as consolation ... tomorrow its off to Uncle < PROPMALE>'s sci-fi bookstore for the after Christmas clearance sale . Woo-hoo ! 
For Christmas < PROPFEMALE > gave me the Windows 7 upgrade for my laptop . Installed it last night . Works great , but should have started the install earlier than 10pm . Was up until 3 . 
Sci-fi bookstore yesterday was great ! Bought 12 books . By an odd combination of circumstances only three of them are for me . 
We finally went snow-tubing at Wild Mountain today with the 4-H club . Everyone had a blast . Then it was off to Schoony's in Taylors Falls for the best pizza and ice cream in the world . Life is good . 
Today I snapped and gave in to buying a 37\ 1080p HD TV . So unfair of Costco to have them all lined up and beaming pretty HD programming at me . " 
< PROPFEMALE > and I went to see Young Frankenstein at the Orpheum last night . It was fantastic ! Now I want to watch the movie again . 
Happy birthday to me ! Hibachi for lunch , browsing a bookstore in the afternoon , pizza for dinner , and playing around with my birthday present ( Amazon Kindle ) the rest of the time . What could be better ? 
we just got back from camping in Duluth . Great time ! And I installed the facebook app on my Blackberry . Allows me to waste time more efficiently . 
Got a new deck being installed out back . Must be more careful ... went into the backyard after dark and very nearly stepped into a post hole . Hopefully by tomorrow evening they'll have posts in them and will no longer be Hazards to Navigation . 
Huge weekend . Rode a canoe down Coon Creek yesterday for the 4-H club stream cleanup . Rode for some of it , anyway . We had to get out and < PROPMALE > partway through because the weight of all the trash ( 4 automobile tires , hunks of sheet metal , etc . ) was threatening to sink us . Then today , Sci-Fi SIG in the afternoon followed by a trip to Bunker Beach for the wave pool and lazy river . 
Jeez , I finally go into my profile settings after a year or so and fill in all the blanks and everyone goes bananas . 
got the day off work and a new BlackBerry torch . what could be better ? 
Between the Sci-Fi SIG meeting and the 4-H officers ' meeting we had twenty guests in the house at one time today . That may be a record . 
Update :\ 
< PROPFEMALE > informs me that some of the 4-H officers ' meeting attendees were\ 
sorely tempted to crash Sci-Fi SIG when they heard all the < PROPFEMALE > Trek \ 
sounds coming from upstairs . Heh . 
I realized that I have a large number of vacation days that I must use-or-lose by Dec 31 , so I have taken off every friday through the end of the year . I gloat . 
I think the answer to the burning question \why am I so hungry in the middle of the afternoon\ " is \ " because I forgot to eat lunch . \ " Gonna go do that now . " 
Had to do a full re-install of the 4-H club webserver . Wiped it , installed Fedora Linux 14 , loaded Cherokee web server , restored all website files . Total downtime ... under two and a half hours . A triumph of techno-geekery . I am so proud . 
got the day off from work . Bwa-HA . 
amazon released its top 100 books of 2010 . I have actually read one of them . guess my taste in books runs to the unconventional . 
< PROPFIRST > got braces on his teeth last Thursday . He was only able to eat things like soup and pudding for several days . Now today he wolfed down an enormous slice of Costco cheese pizza . I pronounce him cured . 
just downloaded < PROPMALE > Abbott's Flatland to my Kindle for FREE . Bwa-HA . 
Personal revelation of the day : attempting to do the weekly grocery shopping three hours before superbowl kickoff = dumb . 
IBM's Watson just tied for first place on round 1 of Jeopardy . 
hangin ' out at the airport ... 
IBM's Watson won on Jeopardy today , clobbering the grand champions . In all fairness , it did manage to goof up the final jeopardy question ... but a win is a win . 
IBM's Watson won its three day tournament against the all-time Jeopardy champions . Us humans is obsolete . 
oops , at the airport , not the reserve station . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s laptop crashed and burned last night . Picked up a used thinkpad at Computer Revolution to replace it . Will spend the next couple hours playing tech-support-guy , getting it all set up . 
Fri March 4th - First Friday Feast @ 6pm , First Friday @ 7pm . 
Oops , posted that to the wrong < PROPFEMALE > . 
I think it was when < PROPFEMALE > was two and < PROPFIRST > was an infant that I finally gave in to the truth : Poo Is Everywhere . 
Just got back from the Mensa RG . Spent the weekend having entertaining conversations , meeting a sci-fi author , learning about mushrooms , participating in a sing-along ( no , really ! ) , getting outbid at a silent auction , being clobbered in a Sudoku tournament , and tripling my caloric intake . What a blast ! 
Broke out the yardstick last night because < PROPFIRST > seems to have gotten just impossibly tall . Turns out he has grown nearly an inch and a half in the last few months ... translates into about 1/16 of an inch per WEEK . I took altogether too much pleasure in informing < PROPFEMALE > that , at this rate , he will pass her up before his next birthday . 
called the post office this morning to get the requirements of height , position , etc . for putting up my new mailbox . Based on what they told me , everyone else on my block did it wrong . 
