necronomicon . 

The Dik Niksons ant to book some shows for this month any word contact me here or E-mail gsteadman@ymail.com 
I'm ssssssssssooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored . 
I hate working . 8-6pm , probably later . 
bored . again . shit . 
ah , shit . 
Oh , boy its a wonderful day . 
the next time you find yourself lost in the wallpaper don't scream , don't panic and don't fear , it's only wallpaper . 
such a beautiful day . 
So who wants to chill today ? 589-7679 . 
Whispers through the object world gone on for so long . Now there's ghosts in the machine . 
ummm mowing the lawn before it rains again . 
waiting for something to do . 
Going to STCC hopefully signing up for classes with no problems . 
bored as always . 
2+2 = 5 
ugh ... boredom and no job , ultimate bummer . 
tired . 
colt . 45 
work 9-5 . 
going out job hunting for second job join me if you feel , I'll either be walking around Ludlow or somewhere in Springfield . 
showa . 
MADNESS IS THE HUMAN CONDITION . 
Hunting for the elusive JOB . 
Hampton Beach ?? 
hob junting . 
Juidicial Slime 
bored . 
finally the metal comes out of my face ! 
bumming around till 2pm then work then , chillen . 
I hate the fact that I woke up at 7 to 80 degree weather . 
uhhh .... bored looking for a job . 
goodbye stranger 
who the fuck are you ? 
... i fucked up =( 
guitar the lawn , then death . 
The wrong time , the wrong place Our smiling face of distrust Buried , the sand deep in all our hands Prepared ourselves for the fall 
festa most likely 
bored . call me . 
First day of class , it's gonna be boring . 
out of class already looking for some cool cats to chill with 
I feel ... Extreme . 
FUCKED , My back is fucked . 
starting class #3 
Motion 3 Designing And Animating Motion Graphics . 
Carnicon 
possibly strep throat ... 
does one truly see ? 
best day of school ever . 
work 9-7 . 
Facebook helps you connect and shave with people in your life . 
I have a Moustache . 
Teach Children To Worship Satan ! HAHA 
work 10pm-6pm . 
why the fuck is it snowing ? 
The Seed . 
Chlamydia ... yeah I think I'll name my daughter that ... Chlamydia ... 
just got home from school i had a test , left and my other class was cancelled strange . 
I can finally sign into facebook 
watching psycho in class . 
please do not send me game requests i ignore them . 
work . 
just got out of work 
The people tell me they want to see adopted kittens thrown off roof's . It shall be done ! 
I'm pretty sure I broke my ankle at brains yesterday , the swelling didnt go down over night , nor did the pain go away in the slightest I will probably be at the hospital later , I'mm gonna take some pictures and post them . 
FUCK LEAVES ! 
check the photos of my ankle 
something ... some ... thing ... is on ... the ... wing . 
just turned in my project and now leaving because my prof . rules ! 
so fucking bored . 
I think I have the flu . 
FUCKING ZOMBIES !!! OH SHIT !! 
THE COLORS DUKE ... THE COLORS ! 
Dumb ducks dance down deli stairs . 
DADGAD 
Really fucking ripshit . 
what a fucking bad start to a good day . 
yeah work tomorrow finally ! 
Fuck ' em . 
FUCK . 
Happy Thanksgiving 
L ?? 
Partay ! 
Voltron : Defender Of The Universe . 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SHOWER ! 
Wot's ... Uh The Deal 
I HAVE THE POWER ! 
class from 1:45 pm to 4pm . 
thought he was a man ... 
I am the stone , you are the stone , the most unnatural self erosion . 
Holy shit its a bald-headed bear ! 
the masses are spinning and aiming waiting to shit on us . 
The Fiendish Codex . It's coming are you prepared ? 
League Of Legends . 
First final today 
last 2 finals here we go ... 
Our bodies drain and fortify the soil of a global concentration camp . To escape is to lie ostracized . The breathing abortion . I am the stone . You are the stone . The most unnatural self-erosion . I will leave no imprint on life or progression . You will leave no imprint on life or progression . We are the barricade . -CODC 
your the definition of lame . 
correction ! you ARE the definition of LAME . 
< PROPFEMALE > chirtmas everyone and bah hum bug . 
what the fuck . 
BORED . 
Out and about looking for a job . 
< PROPFEMALE > tired . 
MMM MMM GOOD . 
Yeah its my birthday ! 
who wants to go to the bar ? 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes 
ugh groggy start this morning . 
HA HA BUBBLEGUM 
He's going to make you gargle Mayonnaise .... NOOOGGHHH . 
Dear Dominoes , Your pizza tastes like a fart made it with a pulp mill . 
You ain't got no style , motherfucka . 
frostbite conditions outside ... awesome . 
Fucking BLOCK . 
I feel horrible . 
its sanitary and i like the taste 
pissed off for no reason 
FUCKING AWESOME DAY ! 
fuckin ' lazy bones . 
starcraft !!! 
I broke the usb port on my external hard drive , i guess i have to order a new case ... 
your as useful as a pecker on the pope . 
I just upgraded to Adobe Master Collection CS4 , and saved myself $ 2,996 dollars . 
blah . 
I fell down the stairs today and everybody laughed , no one bothered to help . 
The Roaster rocked last night . 
balls to the walls . 
Sooo , I show up to school an hour and a half early to start some work , only to find out that my teachers aren't coming in . 
I HATE RAIN . 
balls to the walls , nose to the grindstone . 
wtf !? its a god damned blizzard outside . 
I think my account has been hacked 
. Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail ? A smile from a veil ? Do you think you can tell ? 
Agoraphobic Nosebleed has the best lyrics of all time . 
lets stay awake , up all night long , singing songs . 
It's such a fucking awesome day ! 
Finally getting somewhere with this midterm paper , quick the read I should publish it . 
I have a fever ... wtf ? 
dr. lipshitz 
just had the best jam of my life 
It's gonna be a nice day ! 
I hate having allergies . 
Doing work around the house . 
why are floating bridges fucking assholes ? 
I got a B+ on my midterm paper . 
I DO NOT FUCKING PLAY FARMVILLE STOP SENDING ME SHIT ! 
working in the rain . 
My neighbor's garage exploded ... this is a true story . 
Man what a bad day . 
It's finally Friday :) I'm so happy ! 
AAAHHHHH 
jamming away 
sometimes I wish I could fly to the < PROPFEMALE > 
everything is on fire 
Class until 12 , then cleaning , then moving . 
My new cell phone number is as follows-1413 455-8168 . Now I need your number . 
I have a lot of unpacking and rearranging to do this week . 
< PROPFEMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > had a < PROPFIRST > Rambo so pumped with HGH he sweat steroids and crapped jawbones . 
An error occurred . 
Anybody know how to program a storm chaser gampad for ps2 ? 
going to the bank 
Working 9-2 then who knows . If anyone is going to Amherst today I get home around 3 I would love to go . 
I wish I was gifted with something so fucking lame that it makes me < PROPMALE > , like beauty . 
fucking bored . 
whoever is trying to call and message my phone I dont have any minutes for now call 949 2353 , and ask for me . 
I'm freaking out . 
working 9-2 OH YEAH !!!! 
writing some new material 
hmm a little bummed i guess ... 
... we're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl , year after year ... 
the phone is working . 
Fire at Brains 
Bed early work early . text if you must . 
I feel like I'm dieing from this heat . 
hmmm work . 
Kleingeld 
Coniminonicon 
WWWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ATTENTION ! : If you have been near me in the past 24 hours you may wake up to find yourself violently vomiting everywhere . 
I'M ALIVE !!! 
I think I'm going to make my own show where I bash the hell out of modern hollywood . On Youtube . 
just finished my final paper now im going to bed im beat 
somethings still wrong with me 
pokemon platinum 
work 
Ahh , it's beautiful outside today ! 
shower . 
sleep . yes . 
I think I'm going to clean my room 
got the < PROPMALE > ripping 
I dont have any minutes 
Why don't you have anything to drink , choose one making you better feeling . 
wead 
peace . 
hi-ho hi-ho its off to work i go 
hmm what to do until 3 o clock ? 
the rhino is a rollin in 
the ultimate farmers tan 
yeah i dont have the internet anymore so i can't be contacted ... balls 
The Internet !!!! yay ! 
wangmania 
I can't stop throwing up : ( 
< PROPMALE > Quaid . 
jamming out . 
cleaning 
passing out . 
Spilling all that I need to thrive . 
he pc is running im using it now 
awesome rain storm 
BLAMMO 
WTF ? I go onto youtube to liten to some music when I see this add sayin \Friend BP on YouTube\ " Friend BP ? You've got to be fucking kidding me . I even took a screen shot . " 
Life is hard , and you die . Get over it . 
I'm going to bed , got work in the a.m. peace . 
Something to\ 
ponder ! DEPRESSION is not a signof weakness . It is a sign that you \ 
have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status \ 
if you know someone who has oryou have had depression . Will you do \ 
it and leave it on your statusfor at least ...... an hour . Most \ 
people won't!!! 
early to bed , early to rise 
going out to lunch 
finally out of writers block 
I am the stone . I will drag you down . 
bling bling 
Baby if I could change the world 
workin 
dont think ill have the internet anymore as of tomorrow 
my internet is getting shut off at some point no idea of how I'll get in touch with people . 
hmm someone should come and bring me to ludlow ... 
I guess we have some attitude problems , I guess we're going to have to terminate you . 
WAWAWAWAWAWAWAWA 
meh . 
This is now I cannot change tomorrow if i can't change today . 
i done cut my brother in half with a machete 
yeah thats my drumma , the guy from foghat 
haha working soon 
Anyone have a truck I could borrow to move ? 
Settling back into ludlow :) 
What a nice day 
blah 
going to bed 
What a great day to have off 
I'm your passenger ... 
mowing the lawn 
lol 
Big E tonight 
I feel so weak . 
Just got out of work now to eat something 
got to mow the lawn 
I have no idea where I am 
stay strong bros ... 
ugh i feel like a zombie 
I got no sleep , now I have to go to work awesome . 
Out of work earlier than expected . 
my back is in so much pain 
FALCOR !!!!!!!!!!! 
I know the pieces fit , ' cause I watched them fall away 
there are no stars in the sky , no wishes for the believing eye 
Tempted by the sins of life , the pleasures of lust With wild imaginings that you can't discuss Oh , the flesh is weak , its a struggle for peace It's a daily conflict between man and beast We , strive for God , and a better tomorrow Still suffering , from the unforgettable sorrow Repent from thy sins , son , and walk ye straight Stop talking all that trash boy , and talk ye straight - RZA 
breathe now\ 
it's in the wind that we give and take \ 
they never really have us if we just keep breathing 
Just moved in half of my stuff time to unpack !!! 
Watching Sleepwalkers 
I just had the best lunch at Tebos . 
Mad bored someone should come out here and spend some time with me :) 
So tired I think I'm gonna hit the hay . goodnight all . 
I lost my cell phone again ... 
yo someone help me 
ugh . work ... 
Black Ops !!!! 
pennies 
So ya thought ya might like to go to the show to feel the warm feel of confusion and that space cadet glow . Tell me is something eluding you sunshine ? Is this not what you expected to see ? If you wanna find out what behind these cold eyes , you'll have to claw through the disguise . 
i guess its about lunch time 
im super fucking pissed 
2 four lokos deep ... blew a 0.06 
great i still have a fever of 100 
im so sick i guess ill try to make it tp work 
trying to find a ride 
I can't stop coughing ... I want to rip my lungs out . 
why the hell is the high for today 86 degrees ? 
Moving !!!!! 
Under the sea . 
balls 
I have an itch in my hand its under the skin AND ITS DRIVING ME INSANE 
and its off to work I go ... 
Dammit < PROPFEMALE > , FUCK YOU ! 
meh , off to work . by off I mean walking in freezing weather for an hour and a half . 
shower 
I was on my way to work when blam !!! I threw up all over myself ... great , new shoes may be ruined . 
My computer has been infected with a virus System Tool 2011 , watch out for it , and if anyone knows how to fix please let me know I can't even use any programs not even the internet this sucks . 
well i have given up on fixing my laptop for now im just gonna chill and calm down by watching a movie 
WOO I over came the virus !!!! 
My stomach has the rumblies that only hands can satisfy . 
I am having a great time with some really great friends , this is awesome . 
the silence is deafening 
little orcs ... marghh tree !? I AM NO TREE ! 
dont know what to do with myself 
At Verizon wireless !!! 
oh so bored ... 
Balls Deep . 
Is this the beginning of the end ? Don't know how we lost control ... 
FUCK ME !? 
Jets FTW !!!!! 
ugh . 
I'm sinking in this swamp , where all my fears have become real . 
i guess there is a meth epidemic in the U.S. among teenagers . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes !!! 
We come from the land of the ice and snow , \ 
From the midnight sun where the hot springs blow . \ 
The hammer of the gods will drive our ships to new lands , \ 
To fight the horde , singing and crying : Valhalla , I am coming ! 
Steelers FTW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Admiral < PROPMALE > now 101 proof fantastic . 
mur ... der ...? 
promoting synergy 
fucking miserable :( 
