Dragon Age : Origins is fantastic . I plan on turning into a bear 

From Megaman 2 , Airman is the best 
I am Megatron , < PROPMALE > of < PROPMALE > s , look upon my works ye Autobots and despair ! 
My Brain has turned to jelly . just got back from the midnight show of Transformers 2 , the action was so intense i can't think straight anymore . i am more than contented 
wow , i got a 5 on AP Physics ? WOOOOOOOO ! 
i wish i was airman , shooting tornadoes at stuff 
I'm installing Daggerfall onto my computer and i've never used DOS before ( its actually a DOS emulator , but still ) . its like a strange magical world . I am glad Bethesda is offering it , cause Morrowind was awesome , and i still have to play Oblivion 
in the immortal words of Ryu Hayabusa ( Ninja Gaiden ): \ . . . \"" 
like so many others i am now at college , and i can only hope i will gain the knowledge to make a freeze < PROPFIRST > . this is the one . stops time , freeze < PROPFIRST > . tell your friends 
I am so excited for my Greek/Roman Myth class . First assignment is on Daedalus and Icarus , and i know that extremely well cause I read the original in Latin a few times at CHC . I think this may be my favorite class already . WOO 
Cohen's Masterpiece from Bioshock makes me want to start laughing crazily hahahhaahha I like this song haaahaha 
I wish I could remember more of my dreams . the ones that I can remember are awesome and fairly well detailed , so i would like some more please Morpheus . 
I woke up this morning and hit my snooze button several times only to realize that it wasn't my alarm that was beeping but the dump trucks outside my window backing up 
Arkham Asylum is the place for me 
going crazy and playing pokemon while trying to do homework . I have no focus 
just wrote a terrible paper ... and turned it in within less than a minute of the deadline ... I'm getting good at this cause this is the 3rd time in a row haha ..... Procrastination in its purest form 
Just got back from a meeting with the Fencing Club ... pretty awesome , not gonna lie . Think i'll stick with it 
I can sleep on the weekend ; there's work to be done 
just kinda took an hour and a half nap and is now ... not ready to do homework . I miss being a sleep and the strange \out-of-reality\ " feeling " 
I'm in a conquering mood , something like going out and destroying my enemies and getting seige weapons . Oh i Just can't wait to be < PROPMALE > ... 
Time is starting to get weird . I can't seem to fully understand how long ago things were , whether a week or a month it all feels the same 
taking a break tonight , doing actual homework instead of fencing ... I am so tired , but I won't stop until I'm done 
just got Scribblenauts ! haven't even played any levels yet cause the title screen is so fun . I summoned a capitalist and then a communist to see what happened ... the capitalist got scared and ran away and then the communist started beating him up and killed him . this game is crazy haha 
Oh God .... Farmville is everywhere .... its in the halls , in the rooms of my residence hall ... I'm terrified ... they're coming ... to harvest their strawberries 
Going to DC tomorrow for a class . Is it bad that I know most of the DC map from Fallout 3 ? 
I feel like an idiot and a complete jerk at the same time . Terrible way to start my day 
Fencing Tournament went well considering that i just started about a month ago ( i think ) . Looking forward to becoming a better fencer cause its awesome 
i like that my dorm building has a fallout shelter . . . just in case 
Eating toast and listening to music . It's like the calm before the storm that is my homework 
And as I live There is no evil that will stand I will finish What was started : The fight of Protoman 
Woah . Soooo many people wishing me happy birthday ! Thanks to everyone ; It has been a great birthday at home with my family . Bakc to CP later today ... and then back home on Woden's day 
An Advising appointment at 10 , then two classes later and then I will be back home . Thanksgiving is going to be nice this year 
\His Swift Impetuous Male Augustness\ " is the best mythological epithet " 
get me my Trident ; there's work to be done ... 
I find it incredibly amusing that my team baked a bridge . Testing it against 2000 lbs later . 
I may be a crazy person but I can't stop watching Demolition Squid http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3fRIeCa3Sw 
Listening to The Protomen Act II while trying to write a paper for tomorrow . Light up the Night 
Is it Fimbulwinter yet ? 
Grabbin ' pills ; it's time for Left 4 Dead ( 2 ) 
feeling very pissed off and violent . Some idiots stole christmas lights from our front lawn . I got the < PROPMALE > to get their license plate and kick a moving car . Taking out anger on Zombies for now . L4D2 
just call me ... Seven Macaw ... ( Mayan Mythology is fun ) 
Nothing better than spending New Year's eve/day with < PROPFEMALE > Buccine . I love you 
\what kind of cake are you eating ? \ " \ " It is a cellular peptide cake ... with mint frosting . Would you like a bite ? \"" 
There are only a couple of things in life that I'm really adamant about : Science and Blood Magic . Don't be like Jowan the Blood Mage ... 
Just got back from quiz team ... not really sure what's going on haha . Waffle House haunts my dreams now ... 
i got bored so i was looking around the language settings on facebook and found that they have English(upsidedown ) ... what reason would anyone have for making this ? i mean , seriously , is there a sect of people that read things upsidedown that i don't know about ? who really needs this ? 
settled in back at the dorm . missed college 
http://firstpersontetris.com/ this scared the hell out of me ... 
Deep Space 9 : Crossroads of Time is a terrible game but the music is awesome . Go Sisko 
Barkley , Shut Up and Jam : Gaiden is awesome 
If I could , I would sleep for ten thousand years 
i think too much 
By Jupiter's moons ! SPACE PIRATES !! 
So i can tell something is wrong with me when I take a nap and dream that I'm sleeping . I essentially slept while I slept ... 
i may have almost gotten frostbite on my hands , but it was totally worth it to get some chocolate milk this morning ( and a bagel ) . seriously though , it's really freakin ' < PROPFEMALE > 
good day today : ' Let There Be Love ' with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was beyond awesome and got a nice haircut . I am content 
Kontroll is such a good movie . Almost makes me wish I lived in the Budapest Metro haha 
CHAAAAAOOOOOOSSSS DUUUUUUUUNNNNNNKKKKK !!!!!!!!! ( GO < PROPFEMALE >!) 
I'm so ready for class to be over with haha , too much effort 
ahhh , the road that lies ahead ... I see madness down the line . There's work to be done and sanity is just another obstacle in my way , just like exhaustion and I won't let anything slow me down . I will have victory ! 
I am so ready for tonight and tomorrow to be finished with . Two tests and a Pro-E drawing due tomorrow haha I'll be happy when I can sleep again 
one thing I don't like about naps , other than their brevity is that now i am awake and I have no idea what I'm suposed to be doing and have a strange feeling like my mind is trapped in Pro-E and there's something that I haven't finished 
hmmm ... another late night working on a last minute paper . Is it bad that my mind just keeps thinking \DESTROY DESTROY\ " when trying to come up with a decent status post right now ? anyways in the immortal words of Wolf O'Donnell- \ " You're good ... BUT I'M BETTER ! \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > , mah bukee , keel-ee caleya ku kah . Wanta dah moole-rah ? Wonkee chee sa crispa con Greedo ? 
home . i missed it , but i think i miss < PROPFEMALE > more ... also my house is filled with bugs haha 
listening to some awesome didjeridu music and cleaning the house .... seems like a good way to start the day 
< PROPFEMALE > is a good sci-fi movie ... those inclined to such films should watch it 
found a neat little play by Coleridge called \the fall of Robespierre\ " and boy is old robesy crazy . \ " There are those who wish my ruin-but I'll make them/ Blush for the crime in blood ! \"" 
I am finally a licensed individual after having my learner's for an inordinate amount of time haha 
going down the ocean ; Ocean City for the week 
Home from a great day with < PROPFEMALE > Buccine and can't wait to be back at College Park 
Made some pretty tasty burgers today . i'm on the road to become the Grillmaster 
Back at College park tomorrow . super excited 
Kind of excited for my Mechanics class .... is this normal ? probably not but seems like fun 
Calc III test tomorrow , piece of pie , right ? 
Adventure Time , Season 2 : \It came from the Nightosphere \"" 
http://buttersafe.com/2008/03/13/romance-on-the-floating-island/\ 
who doesn't like Skeleton Harvester ? 
I feel like Godzilla provides valuable insight into how to live a happy , successful life 
woah , thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !! it's been a great day so far , so i hope you all have a great weekend as well ! 
listening to some < PROPFIRST > Fiasco while doing Mechanics , a pretty good way to end a fantastic weekend 
woah , got an A in Dynamics and Blackboard says I got a 96 on the final . such an awesome thing , and now I'm home , but I miss < PROPFEMALE > 
