I'm very bored and very awake . I want to do something fun . Who's with me ? 

is < PROPMALE > over . Let the good times roll . 
I hate psychopaths . 
The plot of Transformers and Transformers Part Deux : Robots that turn into cars that turn into robots that fight eachother . Also , Shia Lebeouf and Foxploitation ( Blatant exploitation of < PROPFEMALE > Fox's hotness ) . 
is apparently a diva < PROPFEMALE > DeGeneres when drunk . 
I'm the poor man's < PROPMALE > Reznor . 
was attacked viciously and unexpectedly by a poison < PROPFEMALE > plant . 
Can you dig it ? 
Sometimes , when life throws you lemons , they're to put in the lemonade it made you while you were laying in your hammock . 
Chillin in the zombie lounge yesterday . 
The only thing I'm buying today is gas . I wonder if there's a sale . 
Sometimes , life is perfect . 
No I will not ramalamdam your damalamramdam . 
Pumpkin . 
Rest in peace uncle < PROPMALE > . 
Rain ! whose soft architectural hands have power to cut stones , and chisel to shapes of grandeur the very mountains . 
I need cold remedies por favor . 
Studying for an Earth Science final ... Fuck Potassium Feldspar . 
... And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music . 
Fuck Gemologica.com . Who ships an empty box ? Seriously . 
How do you get to Carnegie Hall ? Practice . 
Finals are DONE ! Merriment , mirth and joy ! For ALL ! 
Fuck you , snow . 
I am not the one with whom to fuck . 
Don't go to the Staten Island mall . It's like fighting through a pack of rabid and ravenous hyenas . 
I was broadsided last night by a drunken Brazilian illegal immigrant who ran a red light . < PROPFEMALE > fucking Christmas . 
So ... Much food .... Can't ..... Can't move . 
Welcome to Miami . Bienvenido a Miami . 
Alright . That year's done . Ball's in your court , Mayans . You got a year . 
Just another day in New York City . 
My acting teacher swindled me out of 20 bucks today , the scaliwag . 
Facebook drama . 
Love , the kind you clean up with a mop and bucket . 
Free at last . 
There comes a point in every person's life when they see that age and authority doesn't always dictate wisdom . 
Protip : phone alarms are not good food timers . 
I have 101 facebook friends . Cruella DeVille will make coats from them . 
I did my entire scene as < PROPFIRST > Walken . I fucking rock . 
I have some mental mentos . 
<3 
I am sick with consumption . Summon the apothecary . 
My interview will be in an indie documentary about Staten Island . God help us all . 
My friends rock . 
And I'd like to thank Villa < PROPMALE > for feeding me for 16 years . 
Su Su Su Ssudio 
Chevelle concert . Aww yeah . 
Man , fuck snow . 
< PROPFEMALE > Lupercalia everyone ! Vestal Virgins , prepare the meatcakes ! Everyone else , make ready the sacrificial dogs and goats ! 
Acting paper . Coffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . 
I'm going to Karaoke tonight . Oh you can tell by the way I use my walk ... 
Mother nature is a fickle bitch . 
Last night I slayed a dragon . 
That's too bad ... 
Come on , trees , what the fuck ? 
I just ate 5 sticks of celery . Yay insomnia health food binge ! 
Oh desktop computer , you fickle bitch . Why must your chipset fan shit out when I load up your hard-drive with amazing games ? Have you no honor ? 
Gave blood today for cancer patients . 2 pints . Droppin ' O positive like bombs , son . 
Hey great party this ain't too bad , good booze , cool people and ----- \I'MMA GET MAH GUN\ " ... Time to go " 
wtf with this rain . This isn't Seattle . 
I was waiting for the 6 train all contemplative and brooding . Some dude started playing the trumpet . I felt like I was in a film noir . Good thing I had my fedora . 
And the rabbit shall come to judge the eggs and the basket tinsel , amen . 
GOD , will the zombie apocalypse just come already ? I'm tired of the waiting . 
I just had a beer with Mr. Torres . Walk and talk people . Walk and talk . 
I was just speeding down the highway screaming along to Panama by < PROPFIRST > Halen at 2AM . Life is AWESOME . 
< PROPMALE > , my favorite Left 4 Dead character , is dead . PORQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !?!?!?!?!?!?! 
I used to be able to run a mile at full speed , climb a tree , jump down then spin around aimlessly for hours in childlike mirth , all while screaming the theme to Indiana Jones . I jogged home from the train station for about a mile like an hour ago . I thought I was going to die . I gotta get in shape , man . Chub's gotta go . 
Today , I ate sour cream and cheese and meat stuffed jalapenos wrapped in bacon , dipped in batter and corn flakes , then deep fried in oil . I could taste how horribly unhealthy it was but goddamn it was so good . So , so good . 
Kids these days just don't know what the jazz is all about . 
Wtf , dud bomb in times square ? I blame the Nihilists . They believe in nothing . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio . The rainbow in the dark . 
Really , LOST ? REALLY !? 
KHAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
If I see < PROPFEMALE > Hunt and < PROPMALE > Paxton today , I know that we're all fucked . 
Almost died of dysentery . Good times . 
Sleep paralysis =/ = fun 
Father's day is a day where I get my dad drunk and buy him expensive food . 
I received my powerhouse computer . It made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs . 
Oh wow , TrueBlood . Nazi werewolves ? 
YOU ARE WEAK HEARTED . 
Oh angry sun , why do you burn me so ? 
Oh say can you see .... 
< PROPFEMALE > ! FUCK YEAH ! 
All hail the July 4th/5th adventure . 
Go away sun . You're melting me . 
Mothafucka , I got Purell for days , son . 
MY SUMMER BEGINS . 
Just saw \The Fourth Kind\ " . Not sleeping tonight . " 
fucking speeding ticket . damn you bridge cop ! 
is sitting in the bah with my dad . 
Cleana da house . Bada beeppity . 
is happy his licence isn't suspended . Cutting the line of the DMV and watching the angry faces of the clueless ticket holders is fun . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys ! You're all amazing ! 
RIDE YOUR TRAIN LITTLE TRAIN BOY ! 
Rainbow cookies can solve all the world's problems . 
Back from upstate . My family is amazing . 
I love how , before this mining incident , some people didn't even know Chile was a country . 
It pisses me off that I have 199 friends . The fuck is that shit ? It's like a tease . 
I got the October allergy-induced sinus infection blues . 
So I'm on the B1 bus going down 86th and WTF DRIVE BY SHOOTING . 
\I gotta get me one of those for my car . \ " - My dad upon seeing a nuclear ICBM on television " 
Fuck Cuomo . Fuck Paladino . I voted \The Rent is 2 Damn High\ " Party . " 
There should be sleep pods at Kingsborough to rent for an hour at a time . 
Today I gave a paraplegic bum money and , immediately after , I walked an old lady up the stairs into the Brighton Beach train station after carrying her < PROPMALE > up the same stairs . \ 
\ 
Do I get extra points for a 2-hit < PROPFEMALE > combo ? 
Oh facebook , you fickle bitch . 
Yesterday : \Yeah sure dad 
For the first time in my life , I own a car that I can lock and unlock with a button on my keychain . I never understood how satisfying that is until today , especially with that little beep . 
I'm randomly tired and sore today . Is this the male period I've heard so much about ? 
Speak softly and < PROPFEMALE > a big stick . 
I got a job at Toys R Us in Brooklyn . I'll be your elf this year . Sadly , I didn't get the pointy shoes and floppy hat . Budget cuts . 
Thank God this week is over . 
Someone needs to buy me food or the terrorists have won . 
LOST MY PHONE . MESSAGE ME YOUR PHONE < PROPFIRST > . 
Im late for acting class and i'm locked out . this blows . 
So I was driving to college in my ' 04 Nissan < PROPFEMALE > , talking to my boss on my bluetooth connected to my smartphone , worrying about bills and gas and it hit me . I'm a grown-up . When the hell did that happen ? 
What the fuck < PROPFIRST > Jong-il ? 
My first day of unpaid job training . YAY ! Thanks corporate < PROPFEMALE > ! 
YO TAKE SOME COUPONS . THAT'S MONEY . 
I have a car ! :D \ 
Gas is $3.30 a gallon ! D: 
Switching my facebook to pirate language has been one of my best decisions ever . Me harties . 
My head feels like I'm < PROPMALE > over . But why ? 
Wait , what's this ? Free time to relax and play Fallout New Vegas ? Don't mind if I do . 
Nerf guns nowadays should come with an army application . 
Snow ? Ah fuck . It begins . 
Class is OVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR\ 
Then Finals . 
A+ in Short Fiction ! Aw Yeah . 
Welcome to Staten Island , Alaska . 
< PROPFIRST > Casanova just told me that he hates the Beatles and the Stones . I feel betrayed . 
I have school tomorrow . Can't sleeeeeep . 
A stereotypical rich-looking Jewish guy with a yamaca and a stereotypical machismo-filled low-class-looking Cuban guy argued about illegal immigration and welfare in my class today . It was the battle of the titans . I feel like it was a perfect microcosm of < PROPFEMALE > . Oh , college . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Photo . Wooooooo !!!! 
Just beat Assassin's Creed 2 . Killing the pope like a boss . 
Gonna run to the store real quick . * goes outside * Nope . 
I bet you didn't know that < PROPMALE > Caesar had sex with the Egyptian < PROPMALE > Ptolemy , husband and brother of < PROPFEMALE > , which Caesar also had sex with . \ 
Thank you , Ancient History class , for giving me the celebrity gossip of the first century AD . 
Wanna know what I'm doing today ? I'm going to a fucking arcade . Yes . 
I learned something disappointing today . Fun Station died . It reminded me of a coked up prostitute of the supermodel of fun it used to be . 
