Indian children currently outnumber the entire population of the US . 

amazing Bear Grylls tonight 
my Visa , Mastercard , AND ATM card are scattered around the city of Pittsburgh from all of the festivities last night . ugh so annoying . I was being so mean to the first years last night hahaha I guess it's < PROPFEMALE > . 
I've trained Koal to chew up those damn hippie protestors ! Chew'em up Koal ! 
who knew that they chose the Nobel by simply drawing names out of a hat 
Dark liquors are the devil . Unrelatedly , I say repeal Section 404 of Sarbox for small business . 
take me back to Texas for some beer and twang 
I have a class with the computational finance kids on Tuesday nights , and I don't like them because they smell like feet 
me to roommate : I'm eating your food ; roommate to me : I'm peeing in your bed 
I wish < PROPFEMALE > Coulter and < PROPMALE > Sharpton would have a baby 
< PROPFEMALE > , my roommate's dog , broke into my room this morning and ate three fruit roll-ups and a condom -- and now she's eyeing up my roast beef sandwich ! what a piggy 
Dr. Shepard is now seeking applicants to partner for the * World Series of Beer Pong Tournament * , a satellite tournament of which is taking place in Pittsburgh on March 20 . Only serious applicants need apply . Please include your track record with your submission . Graduate degree preferred , but not required . 
< PROPMALE > Shacknai definitely uses his own products . 
wow -- I need to come on facebook more often . a late thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes . 
the peruvian pan flute players are keeping the giant guinea pigs away from faneuil hall today 
the entry level base salary for a new york city sanitation worker is $70k 
tomorrow I am lounging nude on the MIT lawn 
\I don't think enough people will be able to fit on it . \ " -- my reply to my mother's suggestion to get a full-sized bed for my apartment instead of a queen-sizd " 
I know how to help Detroit -- let's close half their schools ! 
