Where is a good dance place in okc ? 

Had a great time at the festivities last night ... good good people ... 
Sure wish I had my dance partner ... 
Again ... a wonderful time .... special people ... made even more outstanding ... by time , experiences , wisdom , and a little alcohol induced haze ... ; ) love you guys ... 
man , i am tired today ... alicia says i have PTPS ... POST TRAUMATIC PARTY SYNDROME ... 
What's the best compliment you have ever received ? 
we saw the movie Inception on i-max today ... it was pretty good ... 
so .... frozen mango is my new favorite thing .... 
can you see < PROPFEMALE > in the reflection of my eye ? 
making spaghetti ... and missing my friends ... i think i may be slightly addicted to the weaver/randle/demis/cordell group ... 
i appreciate the commentary that i read on facebook ... because it makes me think ... it helps me put reasoning behind the feelings i have when i read other people’s opinions ... \ 
and i honor the passion from which it is spoken ... and i think the intention behind that passion is genuine and , at least from the perspective of the speaker ,... well-intentioned ... 
i have received much love in my life ... i feel so fortunate to have been able to experience this love from such a variety of souls ... among them , i see examples of real people ... in every walk ... on every path ... all trying to live a beautiful and gracious life ... striving to understand and be understood ... thank you ... 
how about every time we want to bitch about the current administration's work ethic ... policy ... or bathroom schedule ... we get out and spend the same amount of time volunteering as we do complaining ... i think the world might benefit a little more from kind gesture than condescending banter ... 
i am really looking forward to sunday ... 
off to farmer's market ... 
If you were going to die soon and had only one phone call you could make , who would you call and what would you say ? \ 
And why are you waiting ? \ 
\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Levine 
remember the good old days when there actually had to be a tornado or something to preempt your tv program ... 
what a spectacular day today ... it is actually chilly outside at ten o'clock ... nice ... 
i am remembering that old saying , \be careful when pointing a finger at someone ... because there are three more pointing back at you ... \"" 
vote for our local big truck taco ... we are in 2nd place today ... \ 
http://foodtrucks.teamdigital.com/?truck=80#page_top 
WE'RE IN SECOND PLACE !!!!!! last day folks to vote for big truck taco ... please !!!! these girls work there ass off every single day ... they deserve this honor and a little cash in there pockets ... please vote your ten votes one more time ... please and thank you !! \ 
the amount of knowledge , ideas , recall , vocabulary , eloquence , and character ... that is required to be the president of the united states is staggering ... 
OKAY OUR MAIN COMPETITION IS TALKING SMACK AND WE ARE STILL IN SECOND PLACE !!!!!! THIS IS THE LAST DAY !! to vote for big truck taco ... please !!!! these girls work there ass off every single day ... they deserve this honor and a little cash in there pockets ... please vote your ten votes one more time ... please and thank you !! \ 
http://foodtrucks.teamdigital.com/?truck=80#page_top 
The choice to take the higher road is mine ~ shall I walk or shall I FLY ?? \ 
borrowed from < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Big truck won !!!!!!!!!!! 
Omg ...... we won .... big truck won !!!!!!!! 
my girl is singing to me ... hey < PROPFIRST > , sweet < PROPFEMALE > , what goes around ... the hits just keep coming ... 
I like it hanging on the door ... 
i'm going to try it on the barstool tonight ... 
i love god ... i love jesus ... i would be happy to sit and discuss my beliefs .... but these posts that say if you don't repost this ... you are not a true christian or a true believer ... or that you are denying something are a HUGE PET PEEVE to me ... i will never repost something if you tell me i must ... i will never send on a chain e-mail that says if i don't i will see repercussions ... believe THAT to be true ... 
What a great day ... 
I have friends coming to visit ... I have friends coming to sing ... I have friends cooking wonderful treats ... all orchestrated by my sweet beautiful love ... what a great day ! 
What an exceptional night ! 
I miss my hard-workin ' girl ! 
I love rain ... I enjoy the way it feels ... I enjoy the way it sounds ... and I love the feelings of motivation and change and beginnings that I somehow always connect with a cloudy rain-filled day ... 
< PROPFIRST > Randle ... Renaissance man ... 
The degree of responsibility you take for your life determines how much change you can create in it . - unknown 
What a beautiful day it was today ... fall has held on and given us some incredible days ... As winter comes this week I hope she will do the same ... 
I am grateful for a year of learning ... understanding a little better who I am ... of muddling through terrific sadness with some amount of grace ... of finding depths in old friendships that make my heart swell with relief & thanksgiving ... of discovering new friends with wonderfully interesting lives & perspective ... and being able to share it with the most incredibly substantial and beautiful person I've ever known ... 
Great game ... still love my cowboys !!! 
I've got so much to do today ... and I don't know where to start !! 
Wishing I was having some of Honor's fried potatoes , okra and onions tonight ! 
May you have peace Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Edwards ... 
I am watching the movie \Taken\ " for the second time ... it is kick-ass ... go Liam ... " 
Just watched my first Glee ... have to say it was pretty darn good ... 
I am so grateful for the old friends I have reconnected with ... for the new friends I have made ... for the witty banter and thoughtful moments I have witnessed on this place called Facebook ... I have glimpsed and felt little snapshots of friends lives that I would have never seen ... thank you and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ... 
What a wonderful weekend celebrating the beginning of a new year ... In a beautiful home in big D , a relaxing , comfortable time spent with my favorite person ... 
Tag Agency ... holy cow !!! 
Sometime during the next year of 2011 .... I will send something handmade , by me , to the first five people to comment on this status . \ 
You , in exchange , must pay it forward by making this same offer on your status .... If you're one of the first five , please message me your MAILING address so I can send you your handmade \present \"!" 
Oprah just said ... \ Your ex is just as crazy as you need them to be\ " ... Interesting ... not saying you create the craziness ... Saying they are a reflection of the lessons you are learning ... any thoughts ? " 
sometimes ... don't you think ... you just have to pack away the what ifs ... 
Dancing .... Woohoo ... fun times with some of the best people I know .... seriously ! 
Great dinner and company tonight at Ludivine ... 
Snow ice cream anyone ? 
And here it comes ... 
Beans and cornbread with okra , potatoes and onions for lunch ... vanilla custard made for snow ice cream a little later ... 
I have practiced < PROPFEMALE > , breathing , and tongue biting today ... It is now 5 o'clock and I will now be practicing pouring , shaking and consuming ... 
Why does everyone seem to believe that < PROPFEMALE > somehow CHOSE to forget the words to our national anthem ... That she just said . \ .. hmmmm ... It's totally worth humiliating myself just so I don't have to practice or memorize anything ... Think I'll just go for it ... \"" 
About to get loose ... 
I enjoy listening to the president and feeling like I am hearing and understanding something actually being said ... 
Nothing like the feeling of being defriended when you thought you were just having a conversation ... 
I love rain ... 
Where are some good places here in OKC to dance ?? We like more R&B , hip hop , get your groove on , kinda music ... Any suggestions ? 
It has been ... TOO long !! Glad to see you , you look beautiful ... I love those old school pics , too ... It's amazing how you can still recognize every one ... Have a great Sunday ! 
All of the sudden ... I need reading glasses !! Ugh ! 
... remember when you could pull up to a full service gas station , have all your fluids checked and filled , your windows washed , and your car vacuumed .... All , amazingly , without a mandatory $79.99 diagnostic test on your vehicle .... 
ETSY question ... I know I have several friends that sell their goods here ... what do you think about it ?? I have wondered and I have a friend wondering , so we would appreciate any input ... thank you ! 
To just breathe , and let things be ... I want to be this person ... that can let life happen , and know it will always be okay ... that enjoys moments ... for what they are ... just moments , segues , transitions ... precious but temporary . That can enjoy the pleasure in these moments ... without the burden of always looking for a lesson ... I want to be this person ... 
I hate it when I have to look something up in Urban Dictionary ... 
Fun fun times ... With some mighty fine people ... Happy early birthday < PROPFEMALE > !! Great evening ... 
