i didnt even know i had a face book lol 

Fuck Facebook in the face (: 
im tring to keep my cool not happening 
so who wants to not remember a couple of days with me ;) lol 
i bet you cant find me .... ( : 
if only if only .. 
i got beer pong on the brain .. lol cant be stoped 
Faded lol put out the roach and lite a brand new L ... get at me just doing me (: 
bout to get out of my mind and go then go to the casino and lose money get at me 
what am i doing .... im pretty sure im doing me but this time im done being nice i just dont want to care any more .... o well get at me 
thru all the bs i still remain to do me ...... get at me bored and wants to get faded tonight 
You too fine to be layin’ down in bed alone\ 
I could teach you how to speak my language , < PROPFEMALE > Stone (= 
if i give you the gun and the bullet will you pull the trigger (: ............. plz ..... 
P A T R O N + xannax + Me = (: ..... unexpected surprises just waiting to unfold .... get at me lol 
(= fuck .................... 
polo t-shirt , polo draws , \ 
now make me take this polo off , \ 
girl you can get broken off , \ 
yeah I f-ck you for an hour than I smoke it off 
i hope i get the tattoo gun i want for my birthday ...... its time to get started my year break from school is just about up ... got my camaro cleaned out and now i just got to worrie about collage and apprenticeing .... < PROPMALE > here i come and ill leave my < PROPFIRST > (= 
i guess ill get my cell on today its probally not the best thing to do but i dont always do what is best love getting in to some shit .... get at me 4758680 
If you die you might as well be high ...... ( = 
... girl you can get broken off , yeah I fuck you for an hour than I smoke it off (= 
fuck thats the crazies shit ive heard of in a long time ..... well at least it got my mind off of my fucked life for an hour ... every little bit helps (: lol I'm a need counseling I lost my mind and still haven't found it (: lol 
worse day ever here it comes (: and i love it .... 
tell me why i make my smiley faces backwards lol (: get at me .... 
If you ain't talkin bout money you ain't talkin bout shit . You wasn't on da waitin list den u ain't ridin in shit ..... bored as fuck (: lol ......... 
Relax and take notes , while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke\ 
throw you in a choke (= well getting started early today got to ..... get at me 
Fuck i Gotta fucking play beer pong tonight now THANK YOU BAILEIGH lol and i luv it (= lmfao 
just chillen top shelf spillin (= get at me plan on not giveing a fuck for the rest of the night haha 
Gran Patron platinum is the shit smothest ever and my fav . ever .... but damit it because it cost so much a bottle almost 200 a bottle lol whatever ... ( = 
if you like to ride < PROPFEMALE > i can put you in the paint\ 
\ 
If you like topshelf I can put it in yuh drank( = haha get at me 
Im acctually in a good mood for the first time in a while (= lol 
is ready to dip out of < PROPMALE > (= and show what i can do lol .. also .. beer pong Life skill .... 
i just really really really dont give a fuck !!!! really (= so take it for what its worth to you idfc lmao 
I told em straight drop this and ziplock that (: ..... feel alright .... Except tired of this shit .. 4Real 
hit me up bored as hell but content for now !!! 4758680 
.... 4758680 
lost .. i fucking hate you .. pain is my vent ... 4758680 
if you know what is best for you .... you will \ 
listen to what i told you and im only telling you once the second theres\ 
not one ... ill find you and ill make your life worse than you could \ 
possable image everyday you will think of me and want to die ... if i \ 
dont kill you .... 4758680 
fuck a bunch of this shit yall want something get it your own dam self its back to the old way G d up from the feet up get at me 4758680 I GIVES A DAM fuck it .................... 
lol aye na na still got my nike boots flya then the rest of them just chilling get at me 4758680 going off the deep end lol 
why yall trippin , im just fine\ 
12:45 , bout dat time\ 
couldnt get it all week , time to unwind\ 
drink like a tank ,, lose my mind get at me 4758680 
gone to get faded ... drink like a tank lose my mind ... lol Get at me 4758680 
last night your girls forhead was on my abs get at me ha ha ha 4758680 
shit well i guess ill get faded today not a dam thing to do ..... hit me up 4758680 
change a new leaf 
HOW IS FEELING BEER PONG TONIGHT GET AT ME 4758680 
shit about to get faded with those bars and head out to eat with the homie get at me 4758680 
well hummmmmmmmmmmm 
lol dip 
man fuck them tricks nigga lets get some smoke 
drink till you throw up nigga roll more blunts lol faded off the grown drink like a tank lose my mind 
stackola lol get at me 
shit i wish i anigga would try and run up on me lol love the hatters (= 
shit i wish i anigga would try and run up on me lol love the hatters (= 4758680 
no . shit . just . chillen . lolgetatme .. 4758680 
And I smoke till I get chest pains and all them riders know I rep my gang like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
I ant no killa but don't push me GetAtMe 
I'm so high even when I'm comeing down full of < PROPMALE > peirron and the water for the ds and ima sip this drank till this mother fuckers gone 
Why y'all trippin I'm just fine 
And tell me how you love it you know we at the top and only hevens right above it we on cuz we on lol 
I use to grind all night messing with that residue that was I pod white I remember nights that I don't remember night -young jezzy 
if I get a < PROPMALE > im a let you go I'm so gone lol (: everyday stuntin get at me posted like a mail box 
