What's on your mind ? \peanutbutter\ " YES " 

Went to play basket ball had no ball tried to use my head but it just would not bounce high enough ? Ha Ha 
I don't get it what is the purpose of life ? To big a question ! I guess I will just go to bed and try to forget the question . 
Just getting home from a 12 hour shift in the bowls of hades . Turns out that if you allow a moron in you can't blame him when he lights his bed on fire ! Thankfully a lot of mentally disabled persons were their to crowd into the burning room to watch otherwise the fire department might have been able to put it out before he died . P.S. You can't fight a fire with your fists 
Thinking about building a Remote Controled boat , But am torn between building a Sailing Ship or a freighter ? 
Woke up by a brothers call . Learned mother coming to town hope to see them tomorrow . 
Oh god why I am dieing on the inside oh why I think I will Use blue this time ! You know for the Aesthetic of it all . 
Went walking this morning and the cops stopped me for no reason ! After they were done with the cavity search they refused to return my swords ! Who do they think they are . Since when can a man not run down main st waving his long sword in the air screaming death to the infidels ! of course I am an infidel I guess I was asking them kill me . Would this be suicide and the bigger question having died a maytr do I still get 
Just waking up to start my day . Looking forward to a long guiet night . 
Just getting home from work looking forward to some mind numbing paperwork . 
Oh god the paperwork is mad Iam trying to out run it NOOOOOO 
Attack is over the papers have left me beardless 
bACK AT WORK worky worky work 
Well I guess if your making spiced roast beef you should make sure to watch the spices used . After I awoke from the coma caused by that first bite I decided LESS SPICE ! I just hope that the swelling in my mouth goes down . 
Just getting off work 10 hour shift . I loved every < PROPFEMALE > , spent the whole night doing paperwork . The Corperate Audit begins tomorrow . 
Called mom but woke her up . Decided to act like it was for something else and then call her tomorrow for the birthday . 
Wondering if killing corperate auditors is still considered murder or a public service ? 
Getting alittle annoyed with the people at work . Money is money if someone gives you 32 dollars in ones for a room you don't tell them you can't because you don't want to count it ! Also wondering if I should shave for the beach or not ? Does it really matter if I have a beard when the hit peng shows up ? 
Going to work Can't wait to leave on sunday just hope it works out 
Found < PROPFEMALE>'s apartment it is far greater than my own . Boo Hoo ... Why oh why must my apartment be so much smaller than her palace !!!! Oh how I wish I had a window in my bathroom to strut naked before like her . 
Memory Form I doubt I will ever get my own before the hit < PROPFEMALE > gets me . 
they are trying to kill me here . Why would I want to swim with sharks do I really look that crazy . Ok maybe I do . 
finally back in my cage . Would have stuck it out longer but I have to go to work and the others were starting to throw temper fits . 
woke for work still can't find my cell and still coughing up blood . think I might have torn out my own lungs 
Lost Phone Internet and no wait lost sanity a long time ago so I am not sure it counts 
Thinging about trying to work in the porn industry but the only jobs seem to be in gay porn or undergoing sex change to be a woman I am leaning toward producer though so it should be ok 
Off to work 
