Finally , home at last ! 

Has had enough ! 
I need to be cleaning my house for company , but ... I can't stop watching Full House . 
It's Movie line week ! Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a Movie and see how many people know the Movie and the lines ! 
is really sick . Booooo ! 
Finally , well enough to clean my house ! I hate being sick and watching stuff pile up around me . 
Wonderful , sleepy , rainy day ! 
My dogs are fighting over a < PROPFEMALE > giraffe toy stolen from Clarabell Snead and I am about to kill them ! They are worse than kids ! 
needs to get motivated to have a garage sale . I hate having extra stuff lying around . 
working on a special craft for someone special ! 
Why are all the Easter egg hunts on Saturday instead of Sunday ? Frustrating ! 
just dyed my hair ! Feels good . 
wants to go shopping so bad ! 
heading to KC , bright & early in the morning . 
Home again , but really tired ! Now off to Tulsa tomorrow morning . 
Heading to Tulsa to pick up my two favorite little girls on the planet ! 
Garage sale day . Hope we make some money and more importantly get rid of some junk ! 
Really tired after the weekend . Sleeping in tomorrow ! 
LOVES BONUS CHECKS ! New purse here I come . 
Moral of the story : I watched way too many cartoons as a kid . Thanks mom ! 
is starting to get sick again . Springfield is the worst place for my allergies out of all the places I've lived ! 
Going to have a lonely week . 
I'm having a really good day ! I think things are finally starting to turn around . And < PROPMALE > comes home tonight ! 
Had a great 3 days off , now back to work . And the Robins eggs on our porch hatched while we were gone ! 
Has a lot to think about . Life changing decision that needs to be made sooner rather than later . 
Looks like I am more than likely moving to san < PROPFIRST > in two weeks ! 
Can't wait to see Lady Gaga ! Maybe if I try to forget about it , Aug 3 will come sooner ! 
OMG ! The birds just flew out of the nest for the first time , right in front of me ! 
Waiting is my least favorite pasttime ! Grrr ... 
It's official , I'm moving to San < PROPFIRST > ! 
Found my apt and set a date . Everything is falling into place perfectly ! I'm sooooo ready to be done with Springfield ! 
Official move in date ... June 18th ! San < PROPFIRST > , here I come ! But I'm going to miss my husband until he comes up in August . 
Only one more week left in Missouri , I don't think i'll ever come back ! Sooooo excited ! 
One more day until better weather , better scenery , and a much better city ! I'm so excited ! 
Stuck in the Phoenix airport for 2 hours . Not how I wanted to spend my day . Booooo ! 
FINALLY AT MY HOTEL ! Safe and sleepy . By the way , I already love it here ! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > unplugged ..... AMAZING ! I was unaware of how much I enjoy her . 
I've been here for two days , but I already feel more at home than I have in my whole life . I am completely and totally in love ! 
Going back to Ozark today , I'm so sad to leave here . But I miss my husband and puppies so much . Goodbye san < PROPFIRST > , I'll see you in a week or so ! 
Stuck in < PROPMALE > airport for 5 hours but its ok because they gave me $400 in flight vouchers since they overbooked my flight . Awesome ! 
Going to have pictures done with < PROPMALE > tonight ! 
Has lots to do before Thursday . I hope everything falls into place with my moving expenses ! 
Just got great news ! Now only waiting on David ... Grrr ! 
Waiting is over ! Roadtrip is on ! Officially one more day in the state of Missouri for the rest of my life ! Perfect . 
Die airport bitches ! 
Car is cleaned out and ready to go . Now laundry and packing . 
Packing is almost done . Have to load the car and get some sleep . 
I'm ready , I'm ready , California ! 
Just had to do the hardest thing I've ever had to do . 
Almost half way to san < PROPFIRST > ! Ps roadtrip music is awesome ! 
Finally in California ! We'll be on the beach by 6 . 
SUNSET !!!!! 
Sitting on the beach reading a book . Perfect . 
First day back at work . I'm so excited ! 
Loving my new studio ! 
Back to the beach . 
Had a great day at the beach . I can't wait to show my husband all the wonderful places I've been exploring . 
Jellyfish are all over the beach tonight and we saw two dolphins ! 
Got a couple of plane tickets to buy pretty soon . 
Plane ticket purchased ! < PROPMALE > is officially coming to see me ! 
Not quite sure what to do with a day off , really missing my husband and pups ! 
I'm having a bitchy day . Why is every customer today rude , in a hurry , and BROKE ? 
< PROPMALE > will be here in five days ! 
< PROPMALE > will be here on Thursday ! 
One of my notorious mad at the world staff meetings , then picking < PROPMALE > up from the airport ! Going to be a great day ! 
< PROPMALE > is here ! Now it really feels like home ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is probably the most beautiful place I have ever been . And the most fun ! 
I lied ... Gray Whale Cove is the most beautiful place I have ever been ! And the most fun . 
So I got told by a six year old today that she \ likes my tattoos because her mom said she can't have any until she is reallllllly old\ " like me . Emphasis on realllllly . I don't know how I feel about this ... " 
Happy birthday Roo ! < PROPFEMALE > loves you and misses you so much ! 
Less than a month until < PROPMALE > and my puppies get here ! It's been so long , I hope they remember me ! 
Missin my girls . :( 
Love my new camera ! Can't wait to play with it . Thanks daddy ! 
At the farmers market . Yummy ! 
This Bay Area heat wave can go away anytime now . Seriously . 
I'm so over this move . 
On my way to LA ! Pretty excited , too bad it's only for work . 
First night in LA . Having fun but can't wait to go home because < PROPMALE > will be there . 
Thank you for the birthday messages everyone ! 
I'm beginning to think we should have just sold everything we owned and started over . This move is going horribly ! 
Can't wait for my husband to finally be home tonight 
< PROPMALE > , Tamee , and pup pups are here ! Headed to the beach ! 
< PROPMALE > goes back to work today . Woo hoo ! 
Spending my day off with my < PROPFEMALE > . Oh ya and < PROPMALE > when he gets home later . Ha Ha 
Watching Veggietales Sweetpea Beauty . So excited right now ! 
A Netflix marathon of Desperate Housewives is sure to make me feel better ! 
Found the perfect house ! If we don't get it , I'm seriously going to cry ! 
We got the house ! 
Nothing makes me wish for a million dollars like hanging out in borders for an hour . I'd love to read every book at least twice . 
Went to pick out our new office furniture at IKEA tonight . IKEA is pretty much the best store ever . EVER . 
Moving into the new house tomorrow . Finally . 
All moved into the new house ... Now if I only had time to unpack it . Well January will come someday , won't it ? 
My baby < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > jumped out of a second story window today . She is Ok for the moment but the vet couldn't tell if she had internal damage or not . We have to watch her for a week and see how she does . If she comes out of this with only a dog's equivalent of a skinned knee , some pain meds , and antibiotics , it will be a miracle . Scariest thing I've ever been through . 
So ready for the holidays to be here already ! 
Submitted some of my images to a critique board on a photography forum . Let the blood bath begin . 
The incompetence of food service workers amazes me . 
Day off tomorrow ! Don't know that I remember what that is . 
Going to take pictures at Moss Beach tide pools during low tide tomorrow . Hope for little to no fog . 
Loving this California winter ! No snow , no cold , just beautiful < PROPFEMALE > skies . And even when it's dreary the bay is still beautiful . 
About to be an Auntie ! I'm so excited . < PROPFIRST > is sure to be the cutest baby boy ever ! Wish I could be there to meet him ! 
Is officially an Auntie . < PROPFIRST > is perfect ! Congrats < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
New images uploaded on my photography < PROPFEMALE > . Check them out and let me know what you think . 
I'm so tired . Ready for a day off tomorrow to clean my house .! 
So ready for Wednesday . 
Happy birthday to my littlest best friend ! I love you and miss you so much Brody . 
About to drive over the < PROPFEMALE > gate bridge for the first time . Beautiful ! 
Thinking about a new hairstyle ... Any ideas ? Leaning towards a really dramatic change . Maybe . 
Staying up until 3am to watch a walking dead marathon ! This has got to be the most irresponsible thing I have done in a really long time . Totally worth it ! 
We have calla lillys growing in our backyard . Lots of them ! I'm so exited . 
A debt must be paid ... < PROPFEMALE > B . is my favorite associate ! Now we're even . 
At the beach . It's been way too long . 
