Went to Pull a Part car grave yard yesterday . Love that place . Good morning world . 

Saw the movie UP yesterday in 3D . Really enjoyed it . 
I had bad bus foo yesterday . Slept all day today from exhaustion . Good weekend :-) 
Took a very sweet < PROPFEMALE > I was cat sitting to the vet because he was sick . I gave him lots of petties and kisses after and he gave me lots of purrs . My love for cats has no limits :-) He is going to be just fine . 
Naps and the dishes today , maybe a walk 
I'm going to watch < PROPFIRST > Scissorhands at the Outdoor Cinema . Fun :-) 
MY BIRTHDAAAYYYY is TODAY ! Happy Happy Wiggle Wiggle . Wahoo ! I'm going to do what ever * I * want today and not feel guilty about it . First I am going to make my great grandmother's Very Good Cake . 
Many thanks to everyone for all of the birthday wishes . That felt great :-) 
Marriage is a civil right . Equality for all ! 
I just want my sister ! 
Trust takes forever to build and a second to lose . Furious is only for when something can be done about it . The price of happiness is that we must pursue it over pleasure . 
Green < PROPFEMALE > puja and meditating on forgiveness 
Praise & blame , gain & loss , pleasure & sorrow come & go like the wind . To be happy , rest like a great tree in the midst of them all . - The Buddha 
I am looking forward to babysitting today . I adore this little girl and we always have lots of giggly fun . Yaaaay ! 
Can all of you in the USA please call my cell phone . I can't find it and need it for babysitting tonight . My number is ( 425 ) 864 5399 . Thank you ! 
I found my phone 
My building has bed bugs . Ugh . Have got to clean EVERYTHING . 
Grateful to have attended the Pema Chodron weekend in Seattle . It was awesome ! Thanks to my ticket benefactor !! Need a nap now . 
Went to < PROPFEMALE > last night and I am going again tonight hopefully . Purrrr :-) 
I am in heartbreak hotel with bed bugs included . < PROPFEMALE > ... and a lot of mantra chanting 
more cute hair 
Ripped half of my fingernail off the nail bed yesterday . Had to go get patched up . I found the one Hospital in Seattle that never has a line for the ER . I was in and out in about an hour . Nice staff too . 
I am thinking of shaving my head again . Votes please ! To buzz or not to buzz ? It is 11pm and 83 degrees Fahrenheit / 23.33 Celsius . The predicted high for this week is 97 F/ 36 C . 
To my dear friends in Europe . We have broke the high temp record here . 104 F/ 40 C . Melting now ... 
Lazy dinner in the oven . Chopped veges with < PROPFEMALE > oil . Bake till done . I love vege bakes . 
Saying good bye to the sofa today . It is going to the dump . The bed bugs got it . Sigh . It was the last piece of soft furniture we had left . Can't wait for the second round of the extermination . Wish building management was more on the ball . Looking forward to payday ( 1st of the month ) so we can go to laundromat and wash dem narsty feckers out of * all * of our textiles . To darn broke until then . 
Spent the day happily volunteering for a fundraising kiddie carnival . I had a blast painting faces and running games like bean bag toss and skee ball . There were Pirates and everything . Fun ! Proceeds go to benefit homeless kids . Tired now and off to bed . 
Was in bed by 7:30 last night . did not really wake up until 4 pm today . Running around after kids all day in the sun was fun but wore me out . 
Cleaned the table , ready to sew . Hungry , thinking about getting food delivered as a reward for cleaning . 
Inflammatory conditions is acting up again . Oh well I didn't really want to do more house work anyways . 
\My disabling chronic illness is more real than your imaginary medical expertise \"." 
I survived day one of quitting sugar . Harder than I thought since the damn stuff is in everything . Thought I was safe with a salad but the dressing had < PROPFEMALE > in it . Oh well . One can not expect perfection on the first day . 
Ate a pizza last night that had a wee bit of sugar in the sauce . It was too sweet . I am making good progress on the no sugar thing . 
Sewing again today . Whoopee ! 
Sugar is a drug , not a food . 
The rains have truly started in Seattle . I lost power this morning for a few hours . 
Last night I got the front button panel on the shirt and did the first round of adjusting the sleeve length . The collar should go on today , hopefully more . 
What is every one going to be for Halloween ? 
New blouse finished and mailed . 
Organizing knitting needles in preparation for the yearly xmass knitathon 
Glad it is < PROPFEMALE > today makes escaping the house easier and takes an edge off the gloom . 
TIPSY TOW offered by AAA : You Don't have to be a AAA member , from 6pm-6am on new years eve/day they will take your drunk self and your car home for FREE . Save this number ... 1-800-222-4357 . Please re-post this . 
I am itchy . The bed bugs made a feast of me . They got my eyelashes , scalp and everywhere else . Plus I have a skin fungal imbalance that itches . Sigh ... Off to the naturopath today and my regular doctor tomorrow . I think when I get my own place ( someday ) I am going to throw out or leave behind everything that can be replaced . 
I am really super effin ITCHY ! My doc put me on prescription steroid cream and a prescription antihistamine , yet still I itch . Bed Bugs Be GONE !! After I sleep off the antihistamine I am getting out my weapon of destruction-the steamer . Hopefully that will keep them out of my bed and at bay for a while . Seriously , if I could move out and leave all my stuff behind I would . Stuff is nothing compared to a bug free life . 
I just got my full driver's licence . Huzzah ! 
And now for my last name . Generally a last name , Culver means dove . This can be taken to mean that the person bears some sort of resemblance to a dove , such as mildness of temper . This holds true most of the time , but if you get a Culver mad , there will be hell to pay . \Who's that ? \ " \ " She's a Culver . \"" 
On average a vegetarian save 100 animal lives a year . 
I am potentially looking for a roomie . I have a shot at a big * subsidized * artist loft apartment at The Frye Apartments ( formerly the Fry Hotel ) in Pioneer Square . The Building is Bee-you-tee-ful ! If you know of any one that might be a good fit , let me know . 
I'm agoin ' Cat sittin ' . Purrrrrrr . 
Ouch , my teeth hurt . I am actually looking forward to going to the dentist . 
Don't forget to move your clocks ahead . 
I am eagerly awaiting my new fancy phone to come in the mail . I got a better than 50% discount on a new Motorola CLIQ . Now I will be able to listen to chanting whenever and where ever I like :-) 
I am signed up to learn Tibetan at my < PROPFEMALE > . This should help with the chanting and it is always nice to be able to converse with more people . I love languages . 
I have decided that I have better things to do than play face book for the time being . Spring has sprung in Seattle . 
Spring has sprung in Seattle . I have better things to do than play on facebook . If you want to get in touch , call me or email me at my Gmail account . 
Check out the pics from the cat show I went to today . They are just snap shots but how can you go wrong with cat pictures , na ? 
I have decided that Facebook sucks up to much of my time . On my new android phone all of my Facebook contacts wound up in my phone contacts . Unless I actually know you and or talk with you in person , I am afraid you will be deleted . It's been fun though ! Hugs to the world . 
Trying to simplify my life . I despise clutter . 
my little < PROPFEMALE > girl is sick and needs to go to the vet . Can anyone afford to < PROPFEMALE > me $200 for her treatment ? 
Graphites for the flesh infection in my nostril , freezie fruit pops for my throat , Low dose chewable aspirin to press again my tooth ache until it dissolves , and to top it all off Nyquil . I forgot to mention the awesome lotioned tissues . I remember when those tissues first appeared on the market , they are nothing short of brilliant . I just watched the < PROPFIRST > Cash 1977 Xmass special . 
< PROPFEMALE > girl has been proclaimed healthy . To make a long story short , she had what turned out to be some cling-ons coming out of her anal glands . It looked liked a problem with her anal glands not expelling properly but in the end it was a case of < PROPFEMALE > Girl not being thorough enough in cleaning her backside . I am so relieved . 
The vet rocked ! He was the third vet we took her to and he managed to actually get the job done . < PROPFEMALE > Gorl * will * truly F*UCK YOU UP when in the Vet's office . She punctured a tendon in < PROPFIRST>'s hand last time and left a significant scar on a vet tech . The last vet only managed to give her one shot and did not do the rest of the things we asked for like an exam . At home she is a lap cat . 
Many thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and JaneA for making the trip to the vet's office possible ! She now has all her shots , is in good health and even got microchipped . 
Feeling better today :-) . I am still going to take it easy to make sure I keep feeling better . I really am looking forward to spending some time with my youngest friend on Thursday ( she is pre- elementary school ) and I don't want to blow that by being sick . 
My gmail account got hacked . Do not click on any links . 
It is spring :-) . How about we all put up kid pictures of ourselves for our profile pics ? 
I have been trying to spend very little time on the net . No offence to anyone if I have ignored your requests , messages , invites , etc . The weather here has finnaly gotten warm and < PROPFEMALE > . I want to go outside and frolic all summer long . To heck with this brain sucking machine . 
I am quitting facebook for now . If you want to send me a message email me at adrianna.culver@gmail.com 
On my birthday I shall shamelessly eat more birthday cake than I would care to admit . I love white American birthday cake . I can eat a whole one in one day if I let myself . 
K2tog . Yo . K2 P2 Know the code ? 
\If yarn were meth I wouldn't have any teeth by now . \"" 
Super thank you to every one that came to my party and or sent me birthday wishes . 
My computer is dead > x-p . I now have a new large paper weight . I am sending this update from my phone which has a teeny little keyboard . 
I smell a rat . I have this gut feeling that some one close to me is betraying me or being dishonest through omission . Although I am usually right about these things I hope I am not this time . 
In this world of disposable everything , loyalty and a true appreciation of friendship is seemingly rare . I am always disappointed because these things are natural to me down to my core . Family you are born with friends you choose . 
I'm happy to be home . Visiting someone else's life is nice but I like my own life the best . 
It Is O.K. to comment on my weight only when I comment on it . If I do say something I will appreciate the encouragement and cheers . I went to my weight management group today and got a lot out of it . 
When the older lappy died it took many photos with it . I will have to get around to retaking photos of things I have made . 
I told < PROPFIRST > that my homw town of Searsport Maine was settled in the 1670's and his reply was \Wow . I didn't know they had people back then . \"" 
I told < PROPFIRST > that my home town of Searsport , Maine was settled in the 1670's and his reply was , \Wow . I didn't know they had people back then \"." 
Ever wonder who actually reads your facebook < PROPFEMALE > ? Don't click on some silly spam generator just ask . So here is me asking you to let me know by posting a comment if you read my < PROPFEMALE > . 
A friend of mine has decided to adopt a bonded pair of adult cats for her son's birthday but the adoption fees are cost prohibitive . The fees can run up to $200 . Any donations of ANY amount would be a great help . Contact me please if you are able to give and help get two kitties off of death row and/or jail . Thanks for considering even if you can not give :-) ! 
Hot weather = hide . 
Feeling better :-) 
After a cup of tea and a nice nap the world is such a lovely place . 
So maybe a cup of tea that late in the day was not a good idea . Hardly slept a wink . 
It ' s official . I am now on the lease and no longer legally homeless . I have a home for real now :-) . HAPPY :-) ! 
I would like some one to pick me up and take me out to eat . One can always dream , na ? 
This is national Sewing Month . 
I am off to sit in a coffee shop to hand stitch the hem on JaneA's skirt . 
I got a car today . The price was right . A home and a car all in one week , oh my :-) . 
Knitter's advice : When you are sitting in a coffee shop working on an entry about the amazing stuff you saw at Stitches Midwest , and you look up what you know perfectly well to be a lace weight yarn in both Ravelry and Yarndex to double-check the fiber content , and you note that in both places this lace yarn is listed as fingering weight , do not accidentally exclaim in your outside voice , \Fingering my ass ! \"" 
Had a great time at a friend's bday party . 
Had a nice day running errands . Tomorrow 30 feet of hand stitching on trim . 
Just saw the movie Ramen Girl . 3 out of 5 stars . Nice , but nothing to get excited about . 
I will be sitting at Starbucks on Market Street in Ballard doing hand sewing until it closes at 8pm . Feel free to join me . 
A beautiful night in Seattle 
Does anyone have any ideas of what Halloween costume I should make myself ? I can sew anything . Any suggestions of what < PROPFEMALE > of clothing would look best on me ? 
Yay , babysitting tonight :-) . I love 4 year old land . 
Having a fabulous day doing nothing but going to fabric stores . Woot woot ! 
A nap resulted in a succesfull additude adjustment . Grumpy all gone and day restarted :-) 
It would be nice if I had a < PROPMALE > to go running errands with me . 
Thanks to Janea < PROPFIRST > for sending me Collision . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/crazed-catz-djiaaf/home?tv3=n6%2FXbmcfEuGU2S2DMDbcmiiMnUi4bhC8bg%3D%3D 
I finally get to see my med doc to day and after that I will go sewing at a friend's house . Good things :-) . 
I got < PROPFIRST>'s cold . What are best friends for , eh ? I am all bundled up in soft warm clothes with tea and knitting . I'm happy to be back in my own house . A warm gel pack does wonders for unhappy sinuses . 
I discovered the joys of a warm gel pack on the sinuses when I could not take any sort of cold medicine . The warmth provides instant pain relief and seriously speeds up the healing process . 
I must be sick . Ramen noodles taste good . 
I officially caught < PROPFIRST>'s cold . I am , indeed , sick . 
Darn it , I just tries to make FB say that I was in a \It's Complicated\ " relationship with Rubber Ducky and it would not let me do it . Pout . " 
Had a blast with the fabulous < PROPFEMALE > going fabric shopping and eating a long late lunch . 
is queer and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because every person who stands up against hate makes a difference . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://apps.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/ncod10_status.php?rid=158798&rsource=stream . 
I am taking a corset making class for the fun of working in a group . 
Grateful to be going to the dentist today . 
Thanks to Janea < PROPFIRST > for sending me 1000 Armed Avalokiteshvara . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/enlightened-b-cadbbb/home?url=&tv3=n6%2FXbmcfEuGU2S2DMDbcmiiMnE25bRm%2Bbw%3D%3D 
Dental update : I am just going to have then feckers pulled . I can not get an appointment to get them pulled until the 30th of November . I will look like a hillbilly since dentures are out of my budget . 
Go easy on me . I am still feeling a bit under the weather . 
The car , it works . 
Working hard on making Halloween costumes and having a blast . 
I am feeling inspired and invincible when in come to sewing . 
Halloween is better than Xmass . 
You know you are grown up when you are excited because you have 4 new tires on your car . 
Hugs to the world :-) 
I accidentaly hit a dog with my car :-( ! I could not find the dog . I am o.k. and the car has a new ding in it . I am just a bit shaken up . Please send positive thoughts / prayers for the doggie . 
The new dish washer came . It is a counter top model . Wohoo ! 
The new counter top dishwasher is brilliant . It gets my dishes shiny clean while making a pleasant swishing sound which lulls me to sleep . I love doing the dishes while napping . 
I have an extra ticket to the Burlesque show I am working tomorrow night . If you want it contact me . First come first get . 
Having a good time at the burlesque show . Wish you all were here . 
Got hit with the tired stick today while I was not looking . Thank goodness I am not a type A personality or the undone things would drive me nuts . Maybe i can convince a friend to come over and get me motivated . 
Dr. Bronner's < PROPFEMALE > liquid soap for mopping my floors . My house will smell like < PROPFEMALE > s . Nice . 
Seattle friends , stay in . When the lady from northern coastal Maine says stay in , stay in ! By my standards it is not all that awefull out . The hazard comes from all of the cars driving on a Sheet of Ice with poor visibility . Busses are all chained up but still getting stuck on hills . Seattle does not salt or sand early or often . 
Best oatmeal yet : 3 cups water , large handful of nuts , one apple chopped , salt and cinnamon to taste . Bring to a boil then add 1.5 cups oats . Reduce heat to a fast simmer and stir constantly until desired consistency . Remove from heat . Serve immediately with soy milk and * real * < PROPFEMALE > syrup . 
I just got a letter in the mail telling me that my monthly income is going to be dropped down to $266.00 a month :-( . 
Helping the grups with computer stuff . 
Can anyone guess who my cartoon character is ? < PROPFIRST > , you already know so play fair . 
Can anyone tell me how to create a new photo album on this new profile system we have all changed over to , please ? I have some cat cuteness to share . 
< PROPMALE > is going to the vet today for his yearly shots and check up . I took out his little vest harness and put it next to him . He sniffed it suspiciously . 
< PROPMALE > was a super < PROPFEMALE > at the vet . He got a clean < PROPMALE > of health , is the perfect weight and now has a micro chip . He is such a good boy . He did not give the vet any trouble . Got his nails trimmed too . Very nice vet . 
Running errands today . 
Woke up with an unhappy sinus . Time for a nap and a steamy hot shower . 
Hehee I got < PROPFIRST > addicted to Angry Birds . 
The power is out at my house . My phone is low on battery so leave me a message and I will call you back when it is charged again . 
The power is back on and my phone is charged again . 
< PROPFIRST > has been working hard all night to put together a metal sofa frame . Much appreciated . 
It has been < PROPFEMALE > and in the low 30s for days on end in Seattle . < PROPFIRST > is decluttering the house so I can have a room to sew in . I Like :-) ! 
Mmmmm ...... Yarrrrn .... it soothes my soul . 
Hey all don't forget about no pants day on Sunday . All welcome to join me and my friends . 
I can't find my phone charger and my phone is almost out of juice . 
I am making red fuzzy monster slippers to sell on etsy . I will post a pic when they are done . 
I just realzed that I have watched every episode of the first 11 seasons of Law and Order : SVU on Netflix . I need a new TV series to keep me company while I work . Any suggestions ? It needs to be available on Netflix instant play . I don't have TV . 
Ugg . Trying to fend off a cold and I am still not sure who the winner is going to be . 
The cold won . Sick in bed today . 
I still haz sick :-P 
Still no voice . < PROPFIRST > was a darling and went to 3 stores for me to get what I asked for . I love you < PROPFIRST >:-) ! Today ... water , sleep , sweat , pee , water , soup , sorbet , soy yogurt , sleep , sweat , pee , water , etc . 
The cold has broken but I still feel like ass and have no voice . I am on the mend finally . 
Still no voice but feeling like a humand being instead of death warmed over . I am in good spirits . 
I am feeling about 90% better today . I can talk . I even took the bus downtown to get some fresh air . 
\Aren't I cute :-) ?! \ " were the first words out of my mouth this morning . I love a good self esteem day . < PROPFIRST > woke me up by imitating my slight snoring sounds and I thought it was cute . " 
Feeling positive today . 
WA Voters ! Call the leg hotline & tell Sen. < PROPFEMALE > Keiser and your reps and your senator DO NOT CUT UNEMPLOYMENT TAXES FOR COMPANIES ! Its a ridiculous thing to do in this economy with record Unemployment rates and shows she is owned by corporations ! Leg hotline : 1800-562-6000 ! 
I have rediscovered tea and toast as a nice little snack . 
To my friends who are WA Voters , PLEASE call the leg hotline & tell Sen. < PROPFEMALE > Keiser and your reps and your senator DO NOT CUT UNEMPLOYMENT TAXES FOR COMPANIES ! Its a ridiculous thing to do in this economy with record Unemployment rates and shows she is owned by corporations ! Leg hotline : 1800-562-6000 !! 
Drafting arm holes is hard . Grrrr . 
< PROPFEMALE > gin sprite 
Anybody want a visitor until < PROPFIRST > can pick me up at about 1am ? I locked myself out . I just need some sofa until then . 
Thanks a Million to < PROPFEMALE > and Ash for the impromptu hospitality and ride . 
As of Friday I am going on an internet purge . I am going to turn it off for one month . 
For Leslie ... I am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Diabetes . My hope is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it just for 1 hour ? Do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it . I hope to see this on all statuses today 
' Be yourself ; everyone else is already taken . ' < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
As of today , I have turned off my internet service for one month . I will have sporadic access at libraries and coffee shops . I will be * reading * my email on my android phone but typing any sort of reply on it is not easy . Here is a crazy idea .. you could call me . Yes , as in live conversation : -0 ! I love it when people call me . I want to hear your voice . ( 425 ) 864-5399 . 
Something EVERYone should know and fight : Monsanto is buying up all the heirloom food seeds so that eventually we will not be able to grow our own food and any remaining family farms will have to buy all seeds for all crops from Monsanto . W/out heirloom seeds you only get one generation , resulting crops yield seeds that don't work ... FIGHT IT PEOPLE & Start saving and trading heirloom seeds . 
Seriously folks , I am only on FB a few times a month now . Do something nice and call me on the phone :-) . 
I officially have a new boyfriend . His name is Aleks . You can have a peek at him by looking at my friend list . 
