Always remember you're unique , just like everyone else . 

H8 how so many great musicians and singers die cause of dumb sht like gang violence or a drug overdose smh 
Every does everything for a reason , never pass of an action from another as insignificant until you've observed it from all angles . 
Everyone has something to hide . Privacy is relational . It depends on \ 
the audience . You dont want your employer to know youre job hunting . You dont spill all about your love life to your mom . You \ 
dont tell trade secrets to rivals . We dont expose ourselves \ 
indiscriminately , and we care enough about exposure to lie as a matter \ 
of course . Researchers have consistently \ 
found that lying is an everyday social interaction ( MM ) 
If I could do it all over again I wouldnt change a thing .... Except that and that , that one to and ehhhh thats gotta go . 
I ? push ki like dragonballz , you see what im saiyan 
Go downstairs pour a bowl of cereal open the fridge no milk wtf days ruined now 
Watsup \nm u ? \ " . Getting REAL sick of that answer " 
Light travels faster than sound . That's why most people seem bright until you hear them speak . ~ Author Unknown 
If I-tunes is the god of music then Limewire must be the devil . 
Rude old ppl piss me of , just cuz < PROPFEMALE > 80 dosent mean I wont knock u out . 
Science Project 
If it sounds like that status is about you , it most likely is . 
Dont even wana rock polo , then im gonna be seeing the 5000 other ppl with the same shirt as me 
A man can dream 
Got four days to get smart 
Gotta get my \I . D . G . A . F\ " attitude back " 
Gonna stop calling people ugly 
HaHa teaching my momz how to use FB nd shes getting mad hype over friend requests . 
Patience .... but not too much 
Nah chill , just seen a raccoon in front my crib big as a dog 
More people need a sense of humor , really hate to chill with the easily offended types : / 
Talked to some really fucked up people tonight and I realized that I don't have problems , now im gonna go downstairs\ 
and make a sandwich , then im going to get up tomorrow and handle my \ 
shit cause talking about your problems wont make them go away , Ive \ 
realized that if I cant deal with this little\ 
stuff now then in the future when I have real problems like debt , \ 
college papers and annoying kids ill be fucked . 
Tsk nothing ever goes according to da plan . 
Lol my mom told me to make sure nobody has sex in the bathroom . Deadass 
Got Church today praise the Lord . 
Suprised my house didnt flood or something , this rains crazy . 
Firefighters and Cops need to step aside and leave the work to real hero's like Batman . 
And the cycle continues with no end in sight , you think we would of learned by now . 
Just saw that first miner get rescued , sht was mad boring but good for them . 
Tight lost my cell 
Really do feel like a < PROPMALE > standin round a bunch of Pc's 
Always gotta be true to yourself . 
Some of the best profile pics are the ones you take by accident . 
Word from the wise typing everything with CAPS LOCK on doesn't make you cool , if anything you come off as kinda stupid . 
I'm happy thats the saddest lie . 
Waaaay too many stuck up people out there , your not hot shit ok ? Theres a million of you so get the stick out your ass and stop being such a bitch . 
You cant always compromise but surely you can understand . -S . E . H . G . W . N . I . C . R- 
The peace sign is just the trigger and the middle finger . W 
Second place is the first one who lost . -K- 
Everyones got problems but I tend to be too caught up in my own to notice others , gonna take a step back and observe the whole picture so I dont make an ass outta myself . 
Take what you want 
2+2 = 4 
Best rappers are the ones that know their not the best . 
Truth is simple mankind makes it complicated . -I- 
You never realize how empty your world was until youve filled it . Are you making the most out of your time ? 
Gantz Live Action movie January 29th 
At the end of the day the only reason anyone bothers with college is cause they dont wana be a bum , ya sittin through 3 hour classes sucks but sittin through a snow storm like this sucks even more . 
Im at the door but I wont come in unless you want me to . 
Got a newfound respect for Nas , dude is real . 
No pick and play !! 
Think I grew alot last year , But I still got a ways to go ... we all do . 
Put the lime in coconut an- ... well y'kno 
Forearms swollen from football gonna look like that nicca Popeye in the mornin lml 
Seen a grown man get off the bus to argue wit 3 girls and call em \nigger bitches\ " smh ya think ppl would grow up . " 
Finally saw < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Vs The World today , 10/10 
As we live in these dark days filled with violence , opposition and hate . \ 
There lies a place of saving grace\ 
Protected in the hearts of the humble\ 
The faithful , the ones who choose the path of resistance to protest\ 
Protect , save , proclaim our lives lived not in vain . \ 
In flesh , in spirit eternal\ 
One love , One truth , One destiny --------- T . O . G 
Technical Notification\ 
Mar 16 , 2011\ 
\ 
The current situation in Japan may impact the availability of products produced in or shipped from Japan . ( 3/16 16:25 PDT ) Learn more 
Parade of jamaicans fighting infront my crib 
Truth 10% Boost 
They vainly purify themselves with blood when they are defiled with blood , as though one who had stepped into mud were to wash with mud ; he would seem to be mad , if any men noticed him doing this . Further , they pray to statues , as if one were to < PROPFEMALE > on a conversation with houses , not recognizing the true nature of gods or demi gods . --- Heraclitus 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing Sister , put this as your status !! ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? < PROPFIRST > Valle 
Is money more important than family ? If not why ? 
Swear to god I piss a Happy meal off 
Put it in your mouth !! 
I own a shake weight , HIGH FIVE LADIES !! 
Im a fighter not a lover .... ok im a lover ;) 
Screw those depressed niccas today was a 10/10 kinda day .!. o_o \\m/ 
The secrets in the pudding : T 
H . A . A . R . P the governments weather machine . 
One door slams shut in my face then another one opens wide , guess lifes not such a bitch after all . 
