i dont know why god takes people that are young especialy a guy that had a future im going to miss you like crazy BIG BROTHER r.i.p < PROPMALE > 

i dont know why god takes people that are young especialy a guy that had a future im going to miss you like crazy BIG BROTHER r.i.p < PROPMALE > 
saw parandramal activity the funniest movie ever lol 
Going to the movies with poy and < PROPFIRST > 
just got to new york !! start working tomorrow at 8am !!! 
ahhhh my phone doest work here !!!! how am I going to survive :D I hating metro piece of shit right now !!!! 
going crazy without a phone suxs balls !! :( 
finally i have a phone after 2 weeks of hell with no phone !! :) 
i finally have a phone that works its been 2 weeks of hell without mine phone ! 
have the day off idk what to do !!! any ideas ?? 
i still cant believe i have huge family the multiply by the second ! i cant even remember their name !! lol 
love is like a puzzle when u think u already finished the puzzle you find a missing spot without any pieces !! 
My world ended when my precious touch screen died on me n took every single number i had wit it so plz can yall send me ur < PROPFIRST > via text so i can save it in temp phone 
Trying to pick up < PROPFIRST > n poy from the airport but i cant find the bus to take to la guardia airport ! ! Damn now i have to ask random ppl wat bus do i take ! 
i hate beening broke cuz every where u go u find something u want to buy !!! 
a quote from < PROPFIRST > Sanchez \ 
I'm in that pink ferrari\ 
\ 
I got a thing for porsches\ 
I like my men like my cars\ 
Strong and built like horses lol I love < PROPFEMALE > 
germany germany !! 
omgosh this heat wave is killin me its 103 degrees !!! NO BUENO i dnt want to go to work tomorrow with these weather condition it reminds me of florida heat !!!! when is winter coming !! i want snow 
its humid and hot i hate this weather with a passion when is the winter coming !!! 
i hate this weather its damn hott im sweatin like if im in a damn dessert ! 
Feelin sick forgot to take my medicine this morning ! Now i have to go home n rest :( 
i cant believe it already a year after my brother < PROPMALE > died it still feels like just yesturday i found out u passed away ! te extrano mucho hermano mio y nunca te voy a olvidar :( 
Out with my roommate n her family to upstate new york ! 
At the oral surgen getting my wisdom teeth removed scared of my life cuz i found out todaythat my insurance dnt cover to for them to put me to sleep so ill b awake the whole time during the surgery !! Pray for me :( 
Eating arepas n Celebrating with the family my bday with a nice bbq i loving saturday i cant ask for more :) 
At church then on my way to the gym !! 
Doing the same thing again what i did saturday ! DRINKIN !! 
Had a excent work out this morning ! Now on my way home to clean ! :) 
Seeing florida state vs miami university game on tv lets go seminoles !! 
Yeaaahhhhhhhh semiole kicked miami's ass big time ! GO NOLES !!! 
Enjpoying a nice diner out with wine with my friends !! I happy that i dnt work tomorrow cuz im drinking like there no tomorrow lol :P 
Enjoying a nice diner out with wine with my friends !! I happy that i dnt work tomorrow cuz im drinking like there no tomorrow lol :P 
Having a relaxing night a great way to start my weekend ! 
Just got out of the gym !! Had a great excersie now time to cut my hair ! Its time for a new hair cut !! :) 
Just got out of the gym !! Had a great excersie now time to cut my hair ! Its time for a change ! :) 
In the gym !! 
Not happy at all cant c espn in my tv at all that mean no florida state game today noooooooooooooooooo :( 
Going to the gym to lose the calories from last night ! Lol :) 
Feel like shit im going to have a couple drink with my friends ! 
In pain i stood almost the whole day in the gym n now my whole body hurts even the muscles that i didnt think i have hurt too ! This pain just messed up my saturday night ::( 
Y in the hell in my spinning class they put luv makin music ? like bump in rind by r < PROPFIRST > and bed by j holiday u cant make baby with bike wtf was the bike instructor thinking at least i had a big laugh bout it !! Lol 
Is it me o xtina had to many burger before she went on stage !! 
In the gym all day :) 
@ the gym ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to everybody hope u guys are spending this holiday with ur family and ur love ones cuz there's nothing better than spending it with those people 
Woke up feelin like shit y do I feel so alone even tho I have . ppl . that cares about me !! :( 
In church then going to my new apt to finish unpacking ! 
Seeing the afc championship ! LETS GO STEELERS :) 
Yeah steelers won ! Black n gold all the way !! :) 
God took the only loyal man of my world today my nephew now he with his dad up in heaven n I have lil angel watching me ! Gero mi < PROPFEMALE > te voy a extranar mucho ! 
