I dunno if it was that borderline-emo crying jag on the final night of Spring Break , but I'm feelin ' surprisingly upbeat as of late . Like I'm rejuvenated , ya know ? 

Huh ... I’ve recently discovered that my annoying behavior and bad jokes fit in quite well with the pot-smoking crowd ... Interesting ... 
: Playing Farmville is its own punishment ... 
Cursed to feel pain from loneliness ... but if social interaction is attempted , even worse pain is felt from the inevitable botching ... Is it better to be alone with pain , or to feel worse pain in the company of others ? 
You know that feeling you get like you’re being stared at , but when you look around no one’s looking at you ? That’s me ! 
I dunno why , but I’m more comfortable playing as , reading about , and writing for female characters ... 
Actor Iroh : \Choose treachery ! It's more fun ! \"" 
July comes to a close , meaning summer nears it's end . Summer ending means school will start again . School starting again means anime club at WWSHS will start back up again . I'm only reminded that I can never go back ... 
: “Don’t be glad you’ve lived long enough to see it . Be glad you’re young enough to appreciate it . ” 
Hmm ... The website I use to express my sensual storytelling through roleplaying when under ... need a new roleplaying < PROPFEMALE > out ... 
Depressed ... worried I'll never find the right girl ... or a girl at all ... 
: Enjoy the little things : Reaching for your can of soda when you think it's empty , only to find out there's still some left . <3 
Ever spilled hot cocoa on your burger ? Holy crack , I think I had my first burgasm when I ate the result . >_< 
: So many times , a girl has cried to me over a guy dumping her over a misunderstanding ... But I listen and understand where other people jump to conclusions ... 
: Who yelled freak ? I'm right here . 
I didn't think unparrelleled beauty , intelligence , and a heart of gold could all be found in one place ... 
Finally got a profile picture that doesn't make me look like I own a windowless white < PROPFIRST > . :) 
Hopin ' I can earn some money to go to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fabrics soon . Need to make a Link costume for ... stuff ....... well ... conventions , for one thing . Legend of < PROPFEMALE > qualifies for anime conventions , right ? It's of Japanese origin ... 
I have found my angel . Even if my time with her is finite , I will enjoy every minute , every second . Hanging on every moment I have with her , ready to be whatever she needs me to be for her . I will ensure she is the happiest goddess in existence for as long as I am with her . 
feels wanted , accepted , and appreciated for the first time in his life . 
Enjoy the little things : Dreading that you have school tomorrow , only to remember that it's the weekend . 
The Church : The only institutionalized case of legalized two-sided sexism in the United States of < PROPFEMALE > . Is this what God wanted ? T_T 
\For anyone who ever tried to bring me down ; I am still standing . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Chapter 1 of Grimmer Reaper is out . It's title \Open Jacket\ " . You can read it in my Notes if you want . But don't forget to read the prologue . " 
You can't rely on the Lord himself for miracles ... sometimes , you need to make one yourself ... sometimes you need to be the miracle ... And the best catalyst for one ... and the best way to deliver one ... is a hug ... when someone needs it most ... 
\Shame is the lie someone told you about yourself . \ " - Anais Nin " 
Ugh ... I bit my lip a few days ago ... really , really hard , too ... it shredded the inside of my mouth and actually bled somethin ' bad ... it's been several days , yet it's still really sore ... I've been trying to eat less so I don't accidentally re-bite the swelled area ... Ow ... 
Urp ... I ate the powder from the bottom of the box of Crunchberries ... I don't feel so hot now ... Okay ... gonna ... vomit ... 
misses someone right now , but knows he's in her thoughts just as much as she's in his ... 
wishes his best friend the best of luck tonight ! 
Put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . \ 
Hopefully people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a\ 
choice - People who are gay are not looking for a cure , they are\ 
looking for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? Promote Love\ 
& Acceptance ! NOT hate ! 
1 . Understanding 
2 . Generosity 
3 . Selfless 
4 . Consideration 
5 . Open-minded 
6 . J-Rock 
7 . The Legend of < PROPFEMALE > 
8 . True beauty 
9 . Adorable 
10 . Charm 
11 . Intelligence 
12 . Critical thinking 
13 . Imagination 
14 . Creativity 
15 . Originality 
16 . Necking 
17 . Navels 
18 . Womanly Curves 
19 . Milky skin 
The $4000 my father owes for his share of medical and education bills ? Two court trials and he owes nothing . Instead he now gets to pay even less child support . 
My right hand's fingers are swollen and red . Mom and Da- I mean , Mom and < PROPMALE > say it looks like an allergic reaction from something I stuck my hand in , but I can't recall what . Now I have to do exercises to help the circulation in my fingers . 
It's snowing again ... On Christmas ! Yay ! Happy Christmahannakwanzaka , everyone ! Oh , crap ... We've already shoveled the driveway twice this year ... I smell another shoveling session ... 
20 . No makeup 
21 . Cleavage 
22 . Roleplaying 
23 . YES ! 
24 . Overalls 
Alaska is the new New Jersey . 
25 . Swimming 
26 . Chocolate 
27 . Violin 
28 . Spring 
29 . Doctor Who 
30 . < PROPFEMALE > 
