thinking my friends and family have too much time on their hands to play so many games .. wait that is me lol 

lovely day , good friends who can ask for more 
Thinking I need to find a way to sleep more then 3 hrs a night but not wanting to :) I like my night time fun and Games 
just feel like screaming out loud and for a long time ! 
looking out at the dirty snow and wishing it were spring already 
enjoying the almost spring like temps we are having here in the North Woods 
ok yes my phone is now off and if anyone that has my cell number wants to reach me please contact me via here or WOW I will call you soon as I have a number again 
feeling a bit torn apart atm , life sure has it's ups and downs .. but I guess you just have to keep going on and living thru them , with the hope that things will get better in time 
trying like crazy to figure out if I can handle staying in the same home with him till counceling starts , but not sure he really means to go even if I say yes , staying in a hotel tonight and will make a final decision in the morning as to if I think he will really go to this thing .. 
off to see about life .. wishing there were an easier way to deal with things then there is but knowing that anything worth doing is worth working hard for . hope all my friends and Family have a good day 
ugggg back in a hotel again guess the idea of staying in the home and not bugging each other is not gonna happen .. oh well back to house hunting again in the morning and hope I find something soon 
Wishing that this stuff was over so we can get on with starting over agin , but knowing the earliest anything is gonna click into place is Monday I hope we can be in a place soon I want my Cat with me and I know my son wants his own space again 
well had to bring our two cats to the hotel with us , hope he is not going to get rid of the rest before we can find a place for them but had to move to make sure the two we know we are keeping for sure are safe .. not easy to have 2 cats in a hotel but well they are good cats and hope they will be good At least I will get a good night sleep with < PROPMALE > with me 
yet one more night in a hotel , then into our new home .. I hope .. I am so very greatfull for the wonderful friends and neibors I have that have been so supportive at this ugly time for my Son and I 
Still waiting for an aproval to get into an apartment , sure hope this happens soon 
well we are in the new apartment and getting settled in as best we can .. Things will get easier I am sure as time goes on 
well we have an apointment this afternoon , we shall see how it goes 
looking back at my life and seeing the regrets that I have , but also looking to the future in hopes that I will not repeat those mistakes 
finally got the pics up will add more of the pics I had on Myspace as I can 
What a hard thing it is to let something you love go when you know it is best for them . The yin and bit and push are now living with their < PROPMALE > family and I think she will be good for them , but it still hurts to say good by to a pet you have loved for years 
Kinda bummed that I am not allowed to kill someone for being a pain :) but I guess I will just have to ignore them 
Uggggg ! I truly Hate men sometimes ! 
Last Day of the County Fair ! I love it , I hate it lol but most likely will do it again :) 
Thank you for all the B-day wishes love you all , Very , Very Tired from the closing of the fair but happy overall , it was a good fair , lots of kids showing their birds and having fun . The smiles on the faces of those little kids that have never seen or petted a Chicken or Duck makes all the works , pain and stress worth it . 
People tell me I would suffer less if I did not care so much for people . But to care less would be to try to change who i am , and this I am not willing to do . 
I am finding that way to many ppl I know play WOW ! 
School Started Today ! yay ! 
what is on my mind .... not a dam thing atm :) 
Life gives us so many trials and times of pain , but it also gives us great happiness and comfort . Sometimes it is just that dark time in between that feels the longest and is the hardest to take . We struggle , we learn , we go on and in time we again shine . 
my son is gonna kill me .. I got into the wow cata beta :) 
well finally got into the wow beta after many hrs of downloads and all I can say is if nothing else it is a visual treat so far , flying over southshore and the changes there is so cool 
Giving thanks for having known those friends that are no longer with us , and counting my blessings for those that still are .. I love you guys 
I am truly amazed at how friendships started so many years in the past , and that have had little contact over the years , can feel as rt and comfortable now as they did back then . 
In one of \ those\ " moods ! you know the type .. " 
ok the pics are up from the beta guild stuff if anyone wants to see them .. I put them in the guilds facebook photos 
Sitting here trying to figure out just how men think .. because i am at a loss atm on figuring them out .. but maby that is good . maby we are not suposed to understand . 
gonna go try to sleep .. yeh like it will really happen , but still gonna try night all and sleep well 
wow < PROPFEMALE > much easier to get thru the day when you get nuff sleep lol 
Hmmm can i make it two nights in a row of good sleep ? Prolly not but guess I can try .. \ 
Night all .. well untill I decied to give up on sleep and relog lol ... sleep well all 
Still in a Reflective mood .. but over all in a good mood .. hope you all are having a great Friday 
Bact to the way to wound to sleep , but oh well at least I am in a good mood if I have to be awaks most of the night 
Off to see \ Vampires Suck\ " in a little while .. hope it is funny . I am looking forward to a good time " 
guess i go curl up with a good book and my cat .. maby sleep will come 
good night my friends sleep well and sweet dreams 
Today really is the first day of the rest of my life ! Good to know 
My wow game is not working rt .. trying to run the repair tool on it .. hope it fixes it soon :( otherwise I have to reinstall the entire thing and dam that is a long download 
ahhh well off to atempt to sleep .. we shall seeif it works night everyone 
I find it sorta creepy to have strangers suddenly YIM me with an opening like\ hey sunshine how are you\ " then not explain just who the heck they are " 
Off to see the new baby ... A had her baby this morning , a little girl .. born at about 10 till 7 this morning and no I did not get the name or weight before I got off the phone ... have fun and see ya all later 
sooooo tired tonight .. maby I will actually be able to sleep :) 
what is on my < PROPFEMALE > d rt now .. rt at this very < PROPFEMALE > ? not a dam thing ! 
Awwww Crap ! it looks like wow just implemented alot of the main toon changes from the beta in this new patch into live .. ifso I guess my huner may have her days numbered .... we shall see how it works in live but I am not overly happy with the class changes they seem to have set in motion for good 
lol ok this is the best shot I have on pc of me the 80's and I do not rember what year but had to have been fairly early 80's 
Help ! it is the invasion of the Teenage Boys ! 
feeling like my heart is going o break into a million pieces .. but knowing it is what has to be 
Enjoying a bright < PROPFEMALE > day , bouncing off the walls with nothing to do 
mom shoulldnt leave her pc out 
In a great mood ! < PROPFIRST > has school sorted out , and I had some very interesting conversation last night with a very interesting person .. makes for a good mood :) 
Whateveryou give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart . She multiplies & enlarges what she is given . So if you give her crap , be ready to receive ... a ton of shit ! Post on your wall if you agree ... hope to see every female re-post 
Just home from the baby shower .. it was great getting to see you Nyssa :) \ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_GRxdm027YYUS 
Having a very nice evening :) 
Children\ 
with a disability are not sick or gross . They only want what we all \ 
want , to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post \ 
this and leave it on your status for at least an hour . It is Special \ 
Education Week and this is in honor of ALL children made in a unique way 
It is a wonderful day for snuggling on the couch with a movie , cup of tea and a wam body , guess 2 out is not bad 
Wishing everyone a wonderfull ThanksGiving day ! 
Wishing winter was past already and spring was here 
About to go MIA for the next few days . The WOW expansion is out , and I am buried in the game for a few days ! 
Are you a Redneck ? -- My Result : Oh yes ,, you are a red neck !. http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/164722/referrals/status?aid=573723697 
Getting ready to leave to go see my daughter graduate :) 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > Day to all ! I hope your holidays are happy . 
Sending out Christmas wishes to all my friends and family , I love you all . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Sleep well 
Goodnight Everyone ! sweet dreams and sleep well .. I am sure I will tonight . 
goodnight everyone sleep well and sweet dreams 
Happy New Year to all of you . Be safe and I hope your 2011 grants you all you could wish for . 
It is said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they spoke just yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live . They don't hold grudges and understand that life is busy , but you will always love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play . 
you know sometimes men are real butt heads ! and yes I am aware that I am always a bitch :) 
Heart , Mind and soul all need rest , goodnight everyone , sleep well 
Goodnight everyne , sleep well and sweet dreams ! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions ) . 
Really worried and not sure why . Do me a favor and let me know you are all alright . 
Good night everyone ! 
* sigh ... are there any honest cops in the world left ? 
Copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ? ? ? ... for crap's sake don't forget the hearts ! ? ? ? 
Hmmm what to do with myself for the day .. was suposed to be at the oral surgery clinic .. but that got changed .. guess I can go play WOW :) 
ACHOO ! If you're allergic to bull-crap , drama , head games , liars , & fake people , keep this sneeze going . I can't wait to see who all does this .... ( hands out tissues ) lol . 
I hate being Sick ! 
Pineapple 
Stupid snow storm ! They cancled my surgery because of you ! 
Offically a Grandmother ... DEtails yet to come 
surgery in the early morning be back online mostlikely late afternoon or early evening Wed :) sleep well everyone and congratulations again NYssa and < PROPFIRST > ! 
S att urgen , droeall the way there , took the lovely pills they wanted me to take and the resched for next thursday :( think I am gonna quit saying till it is done 
Surgery went well , home and resting , mouth full of stiches but feeling very good . 
Get To see The Grand Baby Monday ! Can't Wait ! 
Long day , but wonderful . Homwe safe pics up in the am :) 
\You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones who will !! Think of the ones you know or love who has or had cancer . My wish is that 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all . There are too many to mention who have fought and who are fighting .... I hope to see this in all the statuses of my friends 
