Mom : Happy New Year . Are you in jail ? Me : Wrong kid . 

Overwhelmed by too many household projects . Step one : Cry . Step Two : Pull self together and come up with plan . Add vodka as needed . 
Cold weather , I hope you're happy . You have ruined my Saturday night plans . 
torrential downpour happening outside . I'm ascared ... or maybe just shivering from the 30 degree temperature drop . 
Interesting ( i.e. , sad ) how what was once getting ready to go out time is now getting ready for bed time . Also- you kids turn down than rock n roll music , I'm trying to enjoy my prune juice and < PROPFIRST > Welk is on . 
I'm feeling very unsure about a lot of things right now . And very hurt . 
My new \Sounds of the Office\ " ambiance CD will include the boss's anti-government Libertarian rant ( or as we call it here- Tuesday ) . " 
13 days . 
sunburn . owwwieeeee , it hurts . 
One week . 
“Screw , that . ” ~ Archimedes on Inventing the screw . 
I'd like to thank my cousin for the awesome memory of watching him accidentally launch mortar fireworks at his own house .... more than once . And by proxy , I'd like to thank the makers of Smirnoff Vodka . 
TAMxiety . Yep that pretty much says it . 
I may be a bit overdressed for < PROPFEMALE > . I've decided I don't give a crap . 
Just to clear up any confusion , TAMer's- the part of pale , northern climate < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > will be played by beach tan < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Gaze upon her limited edition bronzitude . 
Oh how I loved < PROPFEMALE > , but sleep deprivation and weekend benders are not for people in their thirties . 
Missed my damn awesome cooking so much I nearly ate till I threw up . 
Someone asked me today what < PROPFEMALE > was ... I told them it was a microcosm of an ideal society . 
Hopefully there's a decent < PROPFEMALE > photo of me out there so I can replace this profile pic I'm now sick of . ( emphasis on [ fingers-crossed ] \decent \")" 
Enh ... this \work\ " thing is really getting in the way of my blogging about < PROPFEMALE >." 
Will someone please do my laundry for me and feed my cat and do my job and spoon feed me so I can write , please ?! 
OK 3 hours of sleep = 5 x the regular amount of coffee needed for cognitive function . And of course crankiness will increase exponentially as the day goes on . 
I know I SAID I'd do it , but who takes that literally ?! jesus . 
Hmmm .... do I go up north with the fam this weekend to enjoy the 60 degree MN lake weather ? 
Totally patenting my deep fried Jesus toast on a stick idea . Now ... should it be Virgin < PROPFIRST > wiener on a stick or pronto pup ? 
Thousands of photos from < PROPFEMALE > surfacing , I'm in maybe 3 of them- and every one is unflattering [ sigh ] , don't you just hate that ? 
C'mon laptop , you gotta make it till Windows 7 , ol ' gal .... just use all that Mac-head smack talk as motivation . 
Again .. I'm sorry friends but I've been blocking all applications , they were putting my ADD brain on overload and I began experiencing seizures due to hyperstimulation caused by too many \What type of [ blank ] are you ? \ " quizzes . Please don't take it persona " 
It's hard to be the delicate flower that I am when every five minutes I feel tempted to yell , \Now go home and get your fucking shine box ! \"" 
Spilled a pint of blueberries in the parking lot on my way in this morning ... had to send out an office warning- Beware of blueberry spillage ! Watch your step , it's a < PROPMALE > bummer of a carpet stain waiting to happen , people ! 
today I am wearing Bath&Body Works Coconut Lime Verbena Body Lotion .... mmmm .... zee fragrantz of < PROPFEMALE > . 
As more < PROPFEMALE > photos emerge , I wonder , what is it about me that makes people look at me as though I'm inherently retarded ? 
I have a skeptics meetup to be at , but I still have a < PROPMALE > tech problem with this friggin WS-C6509 chassis , so I'm going to do the right thing and sneak out quietly . 
If alternative medicine worked , then wouldn't it just be medicine ? 
I'm into this whole drinking skeptically thing . Like- will this glass of wine impair my ability to be awesome ? I'm skeptical . 
feel like making some fresh guacamole ... may have to hit el mercado hoy . 
I just paid $12.95 to make a rush payment to avoid a $30 late fee , the cutoff time I literally just missed by 14 minutes , so I'll be paying both . THAT is how you unnecessarily more than double your credit card payment like a freaking moron !!! I'm going to 
Can you have guacamole for lunch AND dinner ? Only if it's my kickass recipe . 
I think people bitch about their taxes because it's the only math they can do . 
I used to have an easier time going to bed before this interwebs thing . 
I will be recording an interview this week with the one and only , uber-awesome , inimitable < PROPFIRST > Hrab . So if you have any questions for this skep-rock legend , please feel free to send them to me . Be nice ... or else be wickedly funny . 
Oh < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , I wish I could shower you with kisses every Mon- Thurs . 
So I'm ironing in the nude this morning and I look up and , to my surprise , I see our landscaper right outside my window . No , this is not a letter to Penthouse . 
I was up at 4:45 am folks . ( Intentionally ! ) Let me tell you , it really does give you a sense of superiority over all those lazy-asses who sleep in in till 6:00 . 
God I hate navigating the morass of useless , generic information on the web when I just need help for a simple problem . So if my houseplant is showing signs of illness I should be sure to water it regularly but not over water ? No shit , really ?! And I shou 
Turns out my philodendron was a pothos all along . Well I'll be . You think you know someone .... living under the same roof together . 
My cat just barfed on Rolling Stone mag with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on the cover . Coincidence ? Media ... I await your call . 
I find it disconcerting not only to have to listen to coworkers clipping their fingernails , but also that they don't seem to realize sound travels . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > & the Comets ' tune , Shake Rattle and Roll contains the line , \I'm like a one-eyed cat peeping in a seafood store\ " Ever really think about that one ? " 
I don't mean to complain or anything but could someone tell me when is summer scheduled to arrive ? 
AGHHH !! I am going insane . Why does it literally take me days to write and edit a few paragraphs ?! Stupid brain ! 
OK , got my 15 minutes of sunshine and my recommended daily allowance of vitamin D . That was way easier than drinking a gallon of milk . 
Ooooh how I love my soft comfy bed . I am enveloped in goose down , satin , and Egyptian cotton . ( Thank you , eBay for luxury on a budget . ) 
Why does your brain occasionally switch the lirst fetters of words on you ? And why when you type a word wrong you will type it wrong oevr ans oevr again ?? 
It's a perfect pool day . Yet my ass is not at one . This must be remedied . 
Any houseplants that have required as much care as mine have , I should be able to legally declare as dependents . 
On my way to drinking skeptically . 
88 < PROPMALE > PER HOUR !!! 
Diminished cognitive function . Diagnosis : Brain's grey matter infused with chardonnay . 
Cisco's website is a typical clusterfuck of information overkill . Cleverly deliberate obfuscation is a brilliant sales tactic , you douchebags . 
Oh this awesome comment , I will < PROPFEMALE > forever- \I know how to right-click and al t-t ab . I was programming in basic on a PET computer when you were sucking formula .... motherfuckers . \ " - Dr. Steven < PROPFEMALE > " 
I wonder , do the lids for my tupperware and the mates to my socks both go to the same alternate dimension ? 
Going to my aunt's house today to ( hopefully ) watch recently discovered 70 year old film footage of my grandma < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding . Hopefully it hasn't turned to dust . 
Just sat through 2 hours of amazing 1950's & 60's family film footage . It was riveting ( no sarcasm ) . Very Zapruder-esque . Turns out my mom was the 2nd gunman on the grassy knoll . 
Reason #57 why I'm seriously thinking of ditching my Blackberry Storm and going back to my old phone : When I'm making a phone call , I don't want to have to wait for the effing < PROPFEMALE > to load . Slow < PROPFEMALE > loading has caused me to miss almost as many calls as I've received . THAT's an epic fail . 
Oh crap , no ... feeling another panic attack coming on ... must find distraction . Need adorable kitten videos STAT . 
Education consists mainly in what we have unlearned . 
Wow , I feel like such a big dawg deal maker here at work today . I'm also noticing a void where my < PROPFEMALE > decanter filled with scotch should be . And can a big dawg get a cigar up in this bitch ? 
got caught in the rain ... so c-c-c-c-cold .... could use a blanket & hot cocoa . 
Glad I paid extra for the tornado-proof true-coat . That's gonna be a life-saver donchaknow . 
Practically trembling with anticipation . Not the fun kind , however ... more like the kind you'd feel if , say , 5 of your powerball < PROPFIRST > matched and were just waiting for that last frickin ball to be drawn . Either that or I've had waaay too much coffee . 
OK now I'm just tired and worn out . Maybe it was the coffee . 
I'd be afraid to read my cortisol-o-meter . 
Tonight's menu : Orecchiette < PROPFEMALE > Puttanesca ( yes , whore's pasta ) served , appropriately , with sausage . Apparently named for \puttane\ " due to its hot & spicy flavor and pungent aroma . ( mmmmm .... puttane ) " 
Took an enjoyable dip in the pool today ..... and then came the children . 
OK , I'll admit for the first time I miss having a TV . I am feeling the sting of not watching Patton Oswalt's special . Frick . 
Oh God , it must be Monday morning .... time for boss ' weekly scheduled Libertarian- themed health care rant . I'm just going to scratch my nails down this chalkboard to drown out the unpleasant sound . 
My co-worker's wife just went into labor .... oooo exciting . 
\Good mornin ma'am ..... and i'nt it a looooooovely mornin ? \ " ( I dare anybody to finish that ) " 
My cat is indicating he no longer finds his vet-recommended , $48 cat food palatable and would prefer to explore other culinary options . However , since he has ignored my urgings to seek employment and contribute towards household expenses , we remain at a standoff . I must gently but firmly insist that he has only two options : starvation or eat what's in your goddamn bowl , you spoiled little shitbag . 
My homemade pesto turned out so friggin good I could make all my meals with it ; pesto flakes , pesto ice cream , pesto with a side of pesto . 
I need 3 WS-C3750-48PS-S's with clean serials and 2 CAB-STACK-1M's ...... anyone ? 
Have you ever had to heat moist cat food in the microwave ? Oh god the smell , it lingers .... oooooh , vomit . But my cat is finally eating , so I guess the stench of dead rotting carcass must smell like pumpkin pie to a cat . 
My awesomely sweet neighbor just brought me a whole bunch of tomatoes from his garden . What a good obedient boy .... mmmmm . 
Sometimes we all just need a d o-o ver . 
And here it is ... the longest 20 minutes of our lives . 
OK , time to grab a bite and then meet up with my old school homies for cocktails .... yay ! 
I should be embarrassed to admit that I get a hangover from drinking two beers , but I'm just ornery enough to complain about it . 
Dear sales rep who stole my 400k order from me , Eat a < PROPMALE > . Yours truly , Your now lifelong arch nemesis . 
Dear credit card company who canceled my autopay without notice and then charged me a $30 late fee , I hope you develop pustular sores on your genitals that cause you excruciating agony for the remainder of your unholy existence . Also , eat a bag of dicks . Yours truly , Dissatisfied customer . P.S. Die . 
Last night I watched back to back documentaries on black holes , solar neutrinos , and Einstein's Universe . I feel no shame for this . I'm told it's still better than married life . 
Filled brain up with plenty of nerdgasm-inducing PBS documentaries . OK lemme practice this for Monday . \How was your weekend ? \ " \ " Aww dude ... I Nova'd my freakin ASS off this weekend . \"" 
My confirmation # for paying my cable < PROPMALE > online : 1008K7466H31839905782Z12G46081B3995K5690142306Z000000000000009-2 Better keep that handy . 
Managed to make it through the Dawkins- < PROPFEMALE > Wright interview . The creationists ' brand of crazy is skin-crawlingly disturbing . < PROPFEMALE > Wright is < PROPFEMALE > Coulter-esque in her demeanor and charm , also possessing a limitless arsenal of retarded propaganda . Warning : Viewing of this video may cause high blood pressure , teeth grinding , and a < PROPFEMALE > to punch kittens . 
Does your boss close the office early and take you out to Brit's Pub for lawn bowling and cocktails ? No ? Aw that's too bad . I'm sorry but he's our boss and you can't have him . 
I'll be remaining horizontal for the majority of the day today . ( And not in the good way ) 
Watching Geologic podcast streaming live ( barely ) from DragonCon , however the audio quality is so horrendous it's like having your eardrums raped . Would you fucking catch up , live stream technology ?! 
Wow do I need coffee . 
You know how it is when you're in denial about being sick until it gets to the point when you feel the actual chills and the headache and you haven't eaten and you're too weak to get out of bed and everything hurts so all you can do is put out a Facebook message in the hopes that at least if someone finds you dead in a few days they'll know the cause ? 
ok , emerging from coma .... slowly . 
How am I still single ? I hypothesize there must be something < PROPFIRST > tically undesirable about me , and that selective pressures are just weeding me out of the < PROPFIRST > pool . But that would fail to explain Wal Mart shoppers . So in the end I'm not really sure . 
Ok , used up the last of the garden bounty and made some lovely Arribbiata sauce and we made-a da meat-a-balls and-a da pesto and-a she eez-a oh so deleesh ! Weez-a gonna be fat-a for weeks . 
Drinking Skeptically this evening at Common Roots Cafe . Tonight's topics : Why 9/11 Conspiracy Theorists are fucking retarded and My , this lager is delicious . 
Enjoyed another lively evening of debating , debunking , and drinking skeptically . Met < PROPFIRST > Kurzweil's roommate from MIT and enjoyed in a riveting tete a tete on The Singularity and the nature of consciousness ..... * yawn * .... y'know , Thursday stuff . 
For the first time in 216 episodes , SGU podcast is unlistenable due to crappy audio quality . My Saturday already feels off . 
Noon Saturday meetups - \Skeptically Caffeinated\ " ... I'm going with it . " 
Damn you twitterers and your real time of reporting of cool stuff going on at events I'm so jealous I'm not at . Grrrrrrrrr . 
ABSURDITY CHECK -- [ Again stupidly ] fighting off sleep , trying to find articles online about why we fight off going to sleep . Now excuse me while I scan the intertubes for articles on the effects of sleep deprivation . 
Made army sized batch of homemade spaghetti & meatballs with italian sausage to bring to work for my ( mostly male ) coworkers tomorrow . I plan on being annointed < PROPFEMALE > of the office . 
Wish the squirrels outside my house would stop that annoying , creepy bark thing they do . 
I got into it with a 9/11 \truther\ " who literally accused me of being a shill for the government . I'm going to wear that like a badge ! " 
Facebook link posting not working . This make < PROPFEMALE > angry . 
8pm and I'm just now leaving the office . Don't tell me I'm not fucking dedicated ! 
A cat's thinking : \Hmmm .... that paper she's reading looks important . I must lay on it . \"" 
My mom called and wanted to take me out for pizza ten minutes after I finished my mediocre dinner . Thanks , Universe ! 
Weekends , as you get older , just don't seem as fun anymore ... they seem to be all about < PROPMALE > paying , laundry and other banal minutiae . 
Oh the ol ' Acer Aspire 5100 , she's hanging on by a thread . We can make it baby , Oct . 22's almost here ! 
Catching up on Daily Show & Colbert .... which go quite nicely with pizza & beaujolais . 
Having a bit of difficulty maintaining focus today , and the crew from the Let's Make as Much Noise as Fucking Possible & Co . building contractors in charge of our office expansion are clearly not empathetic to my dilemma . I wasn't aware that blasthole drilling machinery was necessary for carpet installation . 
How do I tell these lovely people I work with to please get the fuck out of my office and GO HOME ! 
Potstickers : How can something so delicious smell like used gym shoes once refrigerated ? 
It was so dark driving to work this morning my brain was thinking \Are we going clubbing ? \"" 
Crap , I seem to be missing a few friends ... has anyone seen them ? I told them to wait by the cart . 
First ! It's 4:30 and I am awake . 
Yay , finally time to move in to the new offices ! 
Of course sir , it was selfish of me to < PROPFEMALE > compensation in exchange for the procurement , testing , configuration , shipping and warping of time and space in order to accomodate your completely unrealistic deadline . I do appreciate your alluding to this inexcusible avarice on my part . After all , I do this mainly for fun and my mortgage is paid with snowflakes and unicorn stickers . 
Tonight is our annual family dinner in honor of our departed grandfather -- at good ol Mancini's Steakhouse .... because nothing says we honor your memory like charbroiled steak , garlic toast and a baked potato . 
I'd say it's officially cold weather cooking time .... hearty soups , slow-cooked meals & comfort foods . Squeeeeeee ! ( Only foodies would understand ) 
Hmmm , maybe a bloody < PROPFIRST > does sound like a good idea . 
Ok maybe the bloody < PROPFIRST > wasn't such a good idea . 
Settling into my new office digs today . I need a serious Queer-Eye makeover for this gloom cube . Doesn't anyone dust anymore ? 
Really ? Do people really care this much about the friggin Olympics ? Chicagoans calling this a \tragedy\ " should be punched in the face . " 
Why does my brain decide every weekend that my circadian rhythm MUST be fucked with ? I could not make Monday mornings harder if I was coming off a crack bender . 
Just got me some nice new Uggs boots for winter . 
I've noticed Facebook is a kind of a measurement for my Mojo . Less posts = Less mojo . 
OK , if business doesn't start to pick up soon , I'm just going to say fuck it and start bringing in toys to play with . I'm thinking army men Thursday , < PROPFEMALE > Friday . [ sanity is clearly hanging by a thread anyway ] 
At our meetup tonight , skeptics , I may have the sleep deprivation giggles and possibly other loopy behavior . Feel free to make fun . Make it a game , wtf do I care I don't know what day it is . 
So I leave the office early and now I was just informed that someone sent me flowers like RIGHT after I left . But now everybody'd gone for the day so I have no idea who sent them . Dahghh ... WTF , c'mon ?!! 
Where's the plume ? Do we have plume yet ?? 
OK I've reached the precipice of maximum allowable time for exposed root growth . If I don't schedule a foil quick , I fear I will start to air dry with Dippity-Do and move into a trailer . 
Had a lovely dinner this evening with mom , < PROPFIRST > and my brother . No special reason . Totally impromptu . [ I guess I'm just letting FB & the universe know I appreciated the moment . ] 
It's < PROPMALE > Day ! Where some guy discovered a country that already had people in it .... yay . 
Ever sometimes see a kid that is so amazingly adorable it almost makes you cry ? Like a little boy with his little red baseball cap and his little backpack and he's holding his daddy's hand , taking him to preschool .. and he's trying to keep up because his little < PROPFEMALE > feet are so small and OMG ... I have ... I have something in my eye ... Igottago . 
\And I know that He will fill me with the strength to remain mindless and hurtful in the face of adversity ... \ " The Onion 45:42 " 
Recording Q&A session with grandma < PROPFEMALE > and all the aunties this afternoon ... our own version of Storycorp . There could NOT be a surer guarantee of entertainment . 
I've noticed that whenever I'm feeling depressed all it takes is a quick chat with someone and a couple giggles and poof , all better . My plan is to allot 5 minute time slots for each person I know to call me and have something funny to say . You may sign up here . 
I have this friend who wants to get out of his Verizon contract because his Blackberry Storm is a dysfunctional piece of shit and he would prefer to own an iPhone 3G ( that he has a G/C for ) . Anyone out there have any tips on how my friend can get out of his 2 1/2 year Verizon contract ? Because I'd also like to help my friend feel the thrilling satisfaction of backing over his piece of shit Blackberry with his car . 
OK , I just purchased the iPhone 3Gs . Blackberry ... prepare to die . 
When I bring home my new PC with Windows 7 , will it get along with my iPod and my new iPhone ? Will one of them pee on the carpet ? 
Everyone at my office is getting sick , they're just dropping one by one . I'm keeping a spray bottle of hypochlorite solution on my belt like a gunslinger in case one of them gets too close . 
Seriously ... I've overheard the same coworker pontificate with equal seriousness both the predictions of nostradamus and daily speculation on their stock investments . I now understand the financial collapse . 
Goddammit I am such an internet junkie . I need to go to bed . G'nite all . 
Oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy I'm finally going to get a brand new laptop ... with the fresh new Windows 7 smell and everything . mmmmmm ... computery . 
Preparing to test out Christmas cookie recipes this weekend .... like every good baker should . Did I say baker ? I meant gluttonous pig . 
is baking heavenly awesome chocolate chip cookies . 
No . It's not possible . I know I could not have just seen parachute pants in a store ... my eyes must be playing tricks on me . 
I am unafraid to proclaim that I immensely enjoy cooking and cleaning . In fact , I don't know why we had to have the feminist movement , I think we had a good thing going there . I would love to do nothing but cook and bake and decorate and keep the house clean . No instead I have to sit in traffic so I can sit at a desk all day . WTF , bitches ? You goddamn bra-burners screwed us . 
OK 2.20 GHz processor ... DDR3 RAM ... ATI Radeon HD3200 .... 320GB SATA hard drive ... 64bit ... 16:9 ratio ... 802.11 g or n ?... aaaahhhhh !! Fuck it I need to lie down . 
My new iPhone3G has arrived and I'm expected to stay here at this desk for another 2 hours ?? F me . 
Brought in choc chip cookies I made this weekend to share with coworkers -- who promptly snarfed down every one of them like jackals on a carcass . Ok so I guess that recipe is going in the Christmas gift batch . 
Don't let anyone ever tell you a Blackberry Storm is as good as an iPhone . It's not . 
Me , my cat , and my iPhone ... I think we make a great family unit . 
At the dealership this morning to find out why my check engine light was on , an hour and a half later they find nothing wrong . Therefore in effect , I paid $65 for a car wash . Is the check engine light just the give mechanic money light ? 
Somehow the coworkers aren't going for the \Love Me or Burn in Hell\ " -Jesus Christmas cards this year . " 
Dear coworker , Pleeeeeeaze don't bring your little kids in to work with you . Telling a couple 6 year olds to play silently in a room for hours sounded like a workable idea to you ? Your kid makes one more noise while I'm on the phone and I'm going to < PROPMALE > my stapler at his fucking head . 
Facebook has proposed an updated privacy policy . When I have time to read the 64,000 < PROPFEMALE > fine print , am I going to give them a piece of my mind . 
I am so fuming right now I really don't know what else to do but cry . My advice to people out there is just stay away from the legal system . The stress is not worth it . 
What the hell ? My cat just drank out of my coffee cup , ick . I fell for it again . Dammit , he just waits for me to set my cup down ! 
Misanthropy is liking only the good people in society and wanting the other 99% to fuck off and die . 
For this weekend's menu , I'm feeling a bit Creole-ish : Shrimp Jambalaya , < PROPFIRST > Daniels Salmon , and Smothered Grits & Eggs .... everything but the crawdad . 
ooooo Arizona .... you're such rebels . 
I'm trying to improve my attitude , which is somewhere between shitty and < PROPFEMALE > Apple . 
Every where I turn ... more < PROPMALE > people trying to convince me to buy a < PROPMALE > . Get out of my head with your < PROPMALE > propaganda ! 
Poached eggs , grits and sausage for dinner ?! That sounds insa- actually , it was delicious . You damn confederates know how to eat . 
Hi , I'm a < PROPMALE > . I start as a hunk of aluminum at $999 . Oh you'd like a hard drive , an OS , and software ? Well that'll be $3000 . And each memory upgrade is a kidney . Now let's check out our optional accessories/home equity < PROPFEMALE > program . 
My new job with its casual dress policy started out as a good thing , but I don't like that I find myself dressing casual all the time . I need dresses , I need heels , I need a clutch purse for goddsakes ! I don't even know who I am anymore =( 
Continuing with the ever more ambitious new recipes theme , tonight's menu : Cioppino Stew with Sourdough Panzanella and .... if I'm feeling exta ballsy .... Chocolate Souffle . * squeeee * 
How not to phrase an office email : Hey everyone , come to my office if you want a muffin . 
Someone has cooked something so god-awful , the pungency of this repulsive odor qualifies as a legitimate excuse to leave work early . 
The prevailing attitude among Minnesotans about our freakishly warm weather streak is \ooooooo ..... we're gonna pay for this come December \"" 
My old boss just emailed me to tell me how much he misses me . I am equally flattered and creeped out . 
Breaking News Alert FAIL --> \French economy grows 0.3% in the 3rd quarter \"" 
I believe at last night's skep-meetup a nice lady asked me to DP her on Twitter ... I'm still a little confused . 
The birthday is now exactly 3 months away . I remember when I used to get excited for it . Now it's like I'm angry at it ... how DARE you come around this fast ! Fuck you . 
My new Macbook Pro arrives today ! I'm kinda nervous as a long time PC user . I'll try not to poke at it with a stick and rub feces on it . 
Conversion from a PC to < PROPMALE > is official . I feel at least a 37% increase in my trendiness level . 
\We're going to show young people how cool science can be . \ " -- President Obama .... Boy did we swing the pendulum when we elected this guy or what ? " 
Is the dialog really neccesary for the movie 2012 ? Can't I just enjoy watching billions of people die in catastrophic natural disasters ? 
Apparently the freight company transporting my $5000 equipment spec buy were not given my special handling instructions -- I'll just have to rely on their common sense . Could I be more fucked ? 
Even though in recent years our family clan has grown too large to celebrate Thanksgiving under one roof and has since broken up into smaller factions , it's interesting how we find it physically impossible to adjust our food quantities accordingly . I think having one and a half pies , two pounds of potatoes , and 17 rolls per guest shows we have no grasp of logistics whatsoever . 
Scene : Minnesota's first icy , slippery rush hour commute of the season . Watch us as we drive as if we've never seen snow in our lives before . Hunched over the wheel locked in our white-knuckled death grip . Buttocks clenched every minute of the ass-numbing , 3mph trip home . Spun out vehicle casualties everywhere . And always the speeding douchbag truck drivers who think 4-wheel drive somehow makes ice not slippery . 
You know you're completely worn out from baking bars and cookies when you don't even taste a single one anymore . 
Sometimes caffiene feels so good I can't believe it's legal . 
Caution asshole neighbors who like to party late on a weeknight : This bitch in the apartment below you is ill-tempered when sleep deprived and knows where you park . 
The \team\ " installing CAT 5 wiring in our offices this week consists of a middle-aged couple who feel absolutely no shame openly expressing their seething ire and hatred for each other . Good times . " 
I am grateful to work for such a laid back company , however it's hard to have clients take you seriously when they can hear a goddamn baby crying in the background . 
If you have a friend who gets engaged , it's natural to occasionaly ponder whether their chosen partner is right for them ... but then there's times when the second you lay eyes on the fiance , you face a sad and now forever awkward reality that your friend is marrying a whore . 
Really ? Links to < PROPFIRST > Thorne's hilarious website , 27bslash6 have been banned by FB due to being \offensive by some users\ " . Isn't that interesting ? I thought I couldn't hate people more . Huh . " 
My mother is guilt-forcing me into going to Christmas < PROPFEMALE > mass , how < PROPFEMALE > r , she didn't say anything about being sober . 
Almost eerie in its consistency , it's been like a shocking-news-story Advent calendar . 
I had steak and chocolate souffle for dinner . Why ? Because I fucking can . 
The bro is 26 today . For his birthday I got him a bottle of chardonnay , wine glasses and bottle opener . I also should have gotten him a camera on which to record his first attempts at using these implements . 
Thank you dear employer for recognizing my awesomeness with the big bonus check . I enjoyed gazing at briefly it before the debt < PROPFEMALE > ate it . 
Great . My coworker is a woo-woo loving , anti-vaccine , vitamin junkie . Must . Hold . Tongue . 
The bro friended me on FB . It's the first and last time I ever click on his profile < PROPFEMALE > . Some things you just don't need to see . 
So glad my client at B.E.T. has his office calls forwarded to his cell phone so I could demonstrate what a clueless moron I am by having not checked the calendar . 
Wow . The < PROPFEMALE > is the brightest I've ever seen it in my life . Can you get < PROPFEMALE > burn ? 
God forbid I have to speak at a meeting without a full blown panic-attack .. shaky voice , red face and all . What am I fucking 12 year old ?! 
eHow has a \How to become a male escort\ " tutorial . Their plant and gardening advice has lost its credibility with me . " 
Obsessed much ? Maybe . 
I can't imagine having kids . How much they'd interrupt my naps . 
Worked out on the elliptical for 55 < PROPFEMALE > . Finally finished my tax-return . The latter was far more exhausting . 
Glad I chose to get to bed early and catch up on sleep . Unfortunately , upstairs neighbors had other plans . Keep pushing it , douchebags . 
Aw , shucks everybody . You are too sweet . Thank you !! 
All of you are sweet , wonderful , awesome people . Thanks !! 
Here we go . Time to slide into a new demographic . Any menopause-related mail will be promptly returned along with a scathingly worded letter . 
Goodnight lovely people . Thanks for your awesome b-day wishes ! Now , us old people need our rest . Plus I think Wheel of Fortune's on . 
Icing a torn trapezius . Breathing somewhat restricted by pain ... however not enough to prevent dropping an epic amount of f-bombs . 
Ever been so tired you could puke ? Like seriously puke . 
People , we don't need a fan < PROPFEMALE > and a group for EVERYTHING . Let's get a hold of ourselves . I'm getting ignore button fatigue . 
Unfortunately , Aveda Spa's self-renewing , chakra-balancing , soothing botanical sensory experience gets cancelled out by the disconcerting odor of bullshit . 
Three and a half hours dancing in high heels . Good gracious I'm going to require ample time for recovery . What I wouldn't give for doctor's ordered bedrest and a morphine drip . 
We're switching health care providers for the 3rd time this year . Apparently this one has \preventative stress care\ " . Employer is somehow unable to see the irony that the only thing more stressful than dealing with an ineffective bureaucratic hellscape is relearning a new one . " 
My family successfully turned today into a mass effort to convince an aunt with cancer to try pot . Best . Easter . Ever . 
< PROPMALE > Carrey tweets a smile as he splits with < PROPFEMALE > McCarthy - http://bit.ly/9SOqvV #cnn 
Minneapolis Skeptics Meetup 2nite . We're going to a place that serves hippie food to talk about how gay & retarded it is to eat hippie food ! 
Check out Minneapolis Skeptics on Meetup - http://meetup.com/u/31s ( Activism : It's not just for douchebags anymore ! ) 
( Library of Congress To Acquire All Twitter Messages For Historical Record http://io9.com/5517386/) 2day i did things .. & stuff :-P 
Mental_floss : 10 Arguments Against Paying Taxes ( That Won’t Work ) http://tinyurl.com/y4al59t In other words , STFU already . 
I've been suffering from a severe case of Tweeter's block . 
http://onion.com/d4uQDD via @TheOnion - < PROPFEMALE > Palin's Speaking Demands 
Thanks , kitties . This morning I get a sneeze in the face . This evening , a whiff of an uncovered dump right before bed . 
Tonight's Minneapolis Skeptics Meetup Event ( first one organized by yours truly ) \Memoirs of a Former Ghostbuster\ " - http://meetup.com/u/3Dx " 
Thanks to everyone who helped make last night's Mpls Skeptics Meetup turn out so awesome . ( I'm kinda liking this asst . organizer thing . ) 
Annual condo owners meeting this < PROPFEMALE > . A room full of passive aggresive geriatrics airing their petty grievances . It's like congress . 
I have a terrible lip-biting habit . Unfortunately I also love spicy food . I just enhanced interrogated myself . 
Working late in my darkened office , alone , on a gorgeous < PROPFEMALE > day . Suicide hotline is on speed dial . 
To you , office , I say ... fuck this place . 
Someone I love I've just been told has two weeks to live . I am imploding . 
Today at a family gathering , my cousin told us all about how xango juice is helping \heal\ " my aunt's cancer . Motherfucking charlatans . " 
How surreal it is talking about funeral flower arrangements for someone who's still alive . 
My mom just called with the bad news . My Aunt < PROPFEMALE > passed away this morning . 
Even with tragedy , my family's sense of humor is resilient as ever . There have been just as many tears from laughing as from crying . I ? us . 
Never repress your grief , people . Today at our family picnic , my mom had a meltdown out of nowhere , flipped out at me in a paranoid rant - scaring the shit out of the whole family - and then drove off in a rage . Good times . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , Would you be so kind as to stop spreading your anti-vax bullshit nonsense just because you seem to be unable to admit you were wrong ? Many babies who would prefer not dying would appreciate it . Thanks . \ 
[ edit ] Oh ... and go fuck yourself . 
Yes !! I'm voting , people . fucking enough already !! 
Not only do I think he deserves re-election , but being in < PROPFIRST > Ellison's district has the nice advantage of being able to give an extra big \fuck you\ " to the bigoted tea scum baggers on election day . See that smirk on my face ? I'll be wearing the same one on November 2 . " 
Where's my pics ? Well I'm sick of being a goddamn BILLBOARD . FU FB . 
Well it looks like my email account was hacked by some motherfucking assclown spammers . So for anyone who may have recently received < PROPMALE > spam from me or fuck knows what else , no I am not trying to sell you a < PROPMALE > no do I offer penis enlargement solutions .... But I don't have time to deal with this at the moment as I have a funeral and an office PC meltdown disaster to contend with . So FML . Peace out . 
Great , my Tweets are no longer posting to my FB wall . How am I supposed to have a social life ? 
I'm so overwhelmed by all your happy birthday wishes . Thanks so much . This must be what popularity feels like ! 
I call it \Fuck-You-Delta\ " Class . \ 
Say hi if you're attending TAM9 ( that's Vegas , baby ! ) 
