Goodbye 2009 , Hello 2010 ! ;D 

happy 2010 :D 
So today was pretty great :D 
We are all human . It's time to prove it . Set our differences aside and never look back . 
junkie man , tell me what your story is . 
so , is anyone going to < PROPFIRST > Talent @ the Gothic Theatre on Sept . 20th ?? 
the taste of colorado was pretty fun ;D 
hello internet . :D 
in Keystone , tommorow will be definently great ! ;D 
So , im really not looking foward to tomorrow D: 
have been playing volleyball since 8am this morning . finally done [ like a half hour ago . ] ;D 
;D 
homecoming kickoff tomorrow ! ;D 
got my homecoming dress today ;D 
homecoming dance tonight ;D 
Volleyball game moved to Friday ;D 
Frightfest was pretty fun ;D 
This snow is never ending ! 
Another snow day . 
So , does anyone know if we [ englewood ] has school tomorrow ? 
So , does anyone know if we [ Englewood ] has school tomorrow ? 
The Bouncing Souls are playing tonight D: 
Its snowing ! Pray for a snow day monday ! 
Phone works now ;D [ calling ] 
Off to build a greenhouse ;D 
So black friday is now pretty much bigger than Thanksgiving =| thats kinda sad . 
Black friday tomorrow ! ;D 
Happy :D 
freezing ! 
9degreesF , - 12.7 degreesC . Freezing ! 
Freezing ! I blame global warming . 
Day and Night by Enter Shikari . Best song ever . 
3-2-1-done ! 
Winter break is finally here ! Plane leaves tomorrow ;D 
Hope everyone had a great Christmas ;D 
fu live . heck yes . ;D 
Does anyone have pottery 5th this semester ? 
today was great ;D 
I am pretty much the happiest i've been in like 2 months rite now ;D 
Whats up with there weird apps that you click on it and it automatically sends wierd notifications to other people ?? 
Dear Weather , if we do get snow : please let a snow day come ;D 
Recycling glass instead of making it from silica sand reduces mining waste by 70% , water use by 50% , and air pollution by 20% . 
A single porcupine is known to kill 100 trees in one winter . It uses it's sharp claws to climb a tree , sits on a limb to gnaw away at the bark and twigs and then stuffs them all into its mouth at once . Because of it's liking for bark , the porcupine causes much damage to forests . 
Goodnight fellow facebookers . :D 
csap ... D; 
Now this is what I call a friday :D 
Its snowing D: 
It is so white outside . 
Ask me anything . www.formspring.me/KristinaKC 
Does anyone know how to unfan things ? 
Good news or bad news first ? Lets see , there is no good news which makes there even more bads news on top of the fact , that my phone will not turn on . D:< 
So today was sooo long ! but very fun at that . :D ( sucked at the meet , had fun at < PROPFEMALE>'s party ) 
So I have a huge bruise on my arm from getting stuck in a door . How sad is that . 
Happy Earth Day ! 
I love waking up to the sound of rain . 
gosh darnit snow ! 
love = dollar sales . dislike = how everyone else loves em . 
Loved waking up this morning :D 
rain , its not that i don't like you . Its just that i would way rather have it snow right now . :) 
Rain+Cold = this freezing cold track meet i'm currently at . 
first day out of school and I already have a < PROPMALE > sunburn . good job < PROPFEMALE > . 
Heck yeah , finally on my laptop after two months of it being broken ! 
wow today was long . 
Wait ( acoustic ) -Something Corporate ... look it up . 
Hahaha i love minnesotan's accents 
USA ! :) 
Nice rainy day at H&M and Forever 21 . :) 
Finally , back in Colorado :) 
Oh my gosh its hot . 
Seriously , pretty much ever year it rains today ! 
So , at bellview it started pouring , my phone was in my pocket -pretty safeish place amiright ? Nope not for my phone , it has to go all water damaged on me . 
Finally got my new battery in the mail , its just the wrong size , how ghetto . but it works ! :D 
so I guess I'll post this as well : Like this status and I'll tell you a like , a dislike , my first impression of you , & a confession , (: 
Fun day :D 
Describe me in 1 word . \ 
Put this as your post and see what you get (: 
Oh my gosh it's so hot outside ! 
well today was fun (: 
I love the rain (: 
My legs were sore from volleyball , just went for a bike ride , now they are jello . 
Last \official\ " day of summer and we have to wake up early to go in for a half hour . lame . " 
Today was pretty fun . (: 
Anyone else going to the taste of CO today ?? 
Lost to < PROPFEMALE > =/ now for the hour and a half ride home . even more of a =/ face 
Gosh i love the rain (: 
It's officially fall (: 
What a lovely morning (: all i've done is wake up haha 
Seven , way to early to be up and about . Driving to j-day . 
Just went to Yogurtland for the first time . 
I'll do one : Like it and i'll post this back .... \Dear___ 
I really don't like this Jones paper . 
ahh , why won't it just snow already ?! 
Gah , i love black friday (: 
I'll join in on that little < PROPFIRST > game , send me a number ! 
9875 ; well to start off , we've been going to school together for how many years now ? and we've never really talked too much , your a pretty cool guy though so lets change that ! 
12.1 ; hmm , we started talking at the begining of the year , but then pretty much stopped =\\ you seem pretty chill though so lets talk again (: 
42 ; I've only talk to you a little bit , but from when we have talked , you seem pretty nice (: 
gosh , how much longer can I procrastinate this research paper ? 
Potluck/Secret < PROPFEMALE > was pretty fun ... Break !! (: 
It's like a winter wonderland (: Finally some snow ! 
Yogurtland ? 
