Had and awesome night watching trueblood with friends , time to go vist UH tomarrow and see about joining . 

So amny quizes . Sorry everyone , I get bored sometimes . 
Is day dreaming about world conquest . One of these days I'll motivate my lazy ass to do it . 
Just witnessed a fabled < PROPFIRST > meltdown , and I am trying not to laugh my ass off . 
I'm really loving life right now . Awesome friends , fun loving chicks , and my new work out packt with < PROPFIRST > is really working out . My self esteem is at an all time high , just in time for Ren . Fest . They aren't going to know what hit them up in < PROPFEMALE > this year ! 
I bought my first domain today . Woadraiders.com is born . Time to start building my empire . 
I'm looking forward ot my work out tonight . I think I have reached to point where I feel off if I miss a session . I'm already fitting into old jeans , and I can see my quads when I look down !!!!! I haven't been able to do that since highschool . 
So thats what it feels like to be rear-ended in a car-reck . Not an enjoyable experiance . Guess I'll be spending my lunch at the station filling out police reports . 
Time to go buy some smaller belts . My current ones will not tighten enough any more . 
God it good to love , and to be loved in return . 
At a bar with two beautiful women , life is so awesome . 
Happy beltain all . May your summers be fruitful and full of luck . 
Rock on Dio , the God of Metal has ascended . 
Sitting in a hottub , drinking mulled wine . Almost perfect evening . Just need some more people , for conversation , and it would be . 
Who knew seeing my lost love again would make me tear up like a little girl . Spent two hours helping her and her daughter move , barley held it together . Someone needs to man the hell up . 
Standing on top of my buildings roof , makes me feel like a < PROPMALE > up here . Oh well , time to get back to work . One day i will own my own highrise building . 
Working from home today , and probably tomorrow . It rocks to work for a company that actually cares about my health ! Sitting in my gym shorts , eating fajitas , and helping to clients . 
I shaved off my beard ! Got a pseudo Guy Fawkes going ! 
God I'm never drinking again ..... 
Just wipped up some kick ass 5 < PROPFEMALE > steaks . Now time to go enjoy the cool night air , and ponder the mysteries of the universe ..... LIKE A BOSS ! 
Cool and foggy , good hottub weather . 
well just left my Grandpa's funeral . Time to bury myself in my job 
This morning/afternoon has been really productive . Got a membership with 24h fitness , took care of all the red tape with my realtor for the house I'm biding on , found an inspector for the property my brother just bought , and bought some work out shirts , as well as scheduled a man date to work out with my bro Flake . 
Nothing like a meal of hard salami , swiss cheese , cashews , and a handful of fresh strawberries . What can I say , my tastes are simple . 
Wrapping up a week of working out with Flake , and Jevin . 
