hmmm ...... why can't the world just get along for a while ! 

I'm learning how to drive , expect my parents say I'm a pro since I drive like one lol 
Which I can go to college already and get on with my career ! 
I feel like if I have no open doors to go through . I feel like a failure ! :( 
I'm busy studying life , please leave a message after the tone ....................... * beep * 
I despise Geometry all the way . Wish it would be considered as an elective then a required course(that will never happen ) . :p 
\I think about the years I spent just passing through I'd like to have the time I lost and give it back to you But you just smile and take my hand You've been there you understand It's all part of a grander plan that is coming true \"- Rascal Flatts Darn I have this old song stuck in my head :D " 
Leaving to UM in less then hour ... then I have to finish all of my other remaining work :p 
Seriously !?, the RNC is putting their hopes on a 14 year old child who doesn't know what the people WHERE going through and ARE at this moment . What happen to \I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > PALIN \"..." 
fcat pep rally was .... entertaining lol 
Best wishes to everyone in the FCAT ... I know it a drag but might as well just give it your best for 2 days and then PARTY !!! :) 
math tomorrow ... that will be interesting . 
home relaxing :D 
Yesterday a < PROPMALE > legislation was passed , and tomorrow the course of the USS . U.S.A will take a different route from then on when the President signs it . Wherever we are heading now , I hope it the calm seas and not one full of glacier just how like the one titanic was passing through and sank . Let just see if this was the correct way to go ... 
Can't wait till Sunday !! I'm leaving to New York baby !!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
If someone says you can't , prove them wrong . If someone says that a dumb way to go , still go through it . If someone says your not worth it , it simply because they can't compete against you . But if someone says your dreams can't become reality then they just mess with the wrong person . Never give up , never put down your dreams no matter what happens as long as it impacts your life positive follow it . 
One more day and I leave to New York !! :D 
Ten more Hrs till I leave for New York . Looking Forward to having a great week over there :D 
I'm back in Miami !!!!! I had an amazing experience in NYC . Hope to go back soon one day . Now to rest , busy weekend . 
Happy Easter everyone ! hope everyone is having a blessed day . :) 
So I decided to run for SMSH class of 2012 class officer ... I just hope this time I can win . 
being faithful that I will have a great advantage this year in my campaign for class officer !! :) 
does the class of 2012 of smsh really want the same old leadership like we did this year ? where we hardly did anything ?! interesting .... 
So today I was talking to a good friend of my who is a current c/o 2012 officer , and told me how the class only has about 400 dollars(or less ) saved !!! seriously !? now I'm really concerned about my Sr year , for I really don't want to pay so much money simply to celebrate graduation and I bet all other students of smsh c/o 2012 don't want to spend money either . 
Eagerly awaiting the Governor Decision on SB6/HB7189 . I hope he comes to his moral senses and veto's the < PROPMALE > . 
If it weren't for the people I currently know and knew , and I wouldn't be the person I am today . :) 
It really affects me when I see homeless in the street . Even though I may not know for what reason , it stills feels like injustice to leave them out in the night homeless , especially when the nights are as cold as bone . I hope one day things could be different . 
cant wait till i get to 4th period . 
what's up doc-bugs < PROPFEMALE > 
school was really of empty today :D kind of enjoy walking around and spending time watching movies :) 
If we as young adults don't stand up against teen violence , then our country faces a future of high crime rates and death every ounce in a while . If we want to make the US a better country , as future leaders and the inheritors of this country , then we have to stand up against phenomenon before it to late . 
If there are people out there that say immigrants aren't needed , then they haven't paid attention to their history . After all the founding fathers them self where immigrants to the new world . Try to understand that everyone who comes to the U.S. seeks a better financial future and freedom . So if you oppose immigrants the only way to understand them is to learn what they go through daily . 
0__0 
“Never let go of hope . One day you will see that it all has finally come together . What you have always wished for has finally come to be . You will look back and laugh at what has passed and you will ask yourself ... ' How did I get through all of that ? ” -------------- got to keep this in mind . 
denying what has possibilities , is what will hold you back in life . 
my tv production teacher mr. diaz is so odd ... speaking about zombies ... ackward lol . had a long conversation if they r real , and survival plans o_0 
my tv production teacher mr. diaz is so odd ... speaking about zombies ... ackward lol . had a long conversation if they r real , and survival plans o_0 but he is still a cool teacher . 
can't school just finish already :p 
rain ... it outside my window u_u 
15 more days left :) 
had an interesting day in broadcast class lol 
I feel I did a terrible job yesterday in the newscast when we where practicing our job and I was doing the director part :( 
another day in school u_u 
I feel like if someone beat the crap out of me while I was taking a nap ... 
busy day tomorrow :p 
7 more days till the 2009-2010 school year is over . Then ... to UM :D 
the 2009-2010 school year is over in Miami :D \ 
\ 
Now off to UM on Sunday :) 
who has skype ? 
heading to UM tomorrow :D 
off to bed , long day tomorrow . 
leaving to UM in an hour an a half 
at UM !!!!! 
Had an amazing afternoon today at UM , now sleeping in the dorms and getting ready to wake up early :D 
tired from all day at UM , another day like today coming up in 8 hrs 
having an amazing time at UM . Thank God tomorrow is friday :D 
home ... tired from the long week . 
going to um tomorrow again :D \ 
another busy week coming again ... 
At UM , another week coming alone ... 
well feels weird to have a short week ... heading back to UM tomorrow . 
Had a really good day at UM today . Here at the dorms , online , just snooping in people profiles(nothing better to do since I did all of my work early today :D ) 
up and ready to go to breakfast :p 
tired :p 
so bright outside ... 
I'm up already and I don't feel tired 
Wish I could have an extra 2 hour sleep .... 
wide awake like a cat lol 
I feel terrible this morning , I feel like if I just got hit on the hand with a frying pan ... :p 
:p 
The pageant last night sure was great but I'm still tired :p lol 
does anyone have any pictures from the pagerant or videos ? 
Delight yourself in the Lord and He shall give you the desires of your heart ... \ 
- Psalm 37:4 . 
tomorrow is the last day of the Upward Bound 2010 summer program . Then wake up at 2:40 in the morning on Thursday to go to < PROPMALE > at 4 :p 
well the last day in the Upward bound 2010 summer program went very well . 
on the bus ready to go to < PROPMALE > =D 
officially hacked by shanteeana perez 
it raining to much in < PROPMALE > ... not cool 
Had a great time with the upward bound summer ' 10 program 
well there less then one month left of summer . Now I have nothing to do because the summer program ended . 
wish i was traveling somewhere right now . 
I can't believe school is about to start :O 
Long day at the beach :p 
It been a very long day filled with work 
The first day of school ... Let hope everything runs smoothly . 
There nothing interesting about the first week anymore . 
A leader is not defined by how many titles he carries , but his determination to help others and make a positive impact . 
Wish something intresting could happen right now in my life :p 
Wish something interesting could happen right now . 
Another unpredictable day ... 
Long day ... 
Up up and away ... 
< PROPMALE > meeting is today !! :D 
It early release day ! 
O_o 
exhausted >_> 
MJ tribute auditions wen't very well :D 
at MQB the show . Having a blast looking at the competitors practicing . 
i just witness history in tv today lol 
last night was very tiring .... to much walking . 
had a good day at < PROPFEMALE > Quien Baila . Very intresting just looking and hearing how hard it is to produce it lol 
florida has officialy been toyed with by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ...... we are now heading down the road to disaster . ( just watch , i know what im talking about ) 
tomorrow is going to be another interesting day in school ... hopefully nothing goes wrong . 
long day .... and tomorrow will also be a long day 0__0 
ATTENTION ALL SOUTH MIAMI SR . HIGH TV PRODUCTION STUDENTS , WHO WOULD LIKE TO HELP RECORD THE BASKETBALL GAME TOMORROW FROM 6-9 ???? 
school tomorrow o__o 
Pin : 327CCF48 
I still feel the aftereffects from waking up at 4:50 in the morning yesterday :/ 
sometimes I wish I can go back to the past , only to have continue that passion I ounce use to have but now it sits in the corner gathering corosion . 
Pin : 327CCF48 
Happy New years day to everyone ! 
if only there where ways to not be embarrassed , and tell the truth to that person and expect the same feeling and reaction . ~ 
steelers better win ! 
3-24 ... no need to panic :D steelers are wining lol 
why are there so many people that hinder your progress ?!?! 
Very interesting state of the union . Let see how many of those goals get achieve . 
to be or not to be ... that is the question . 
what an interesting day 
to superbowl or NUTS to superbowl 
