bed ... 

Taking < PROPMALE > to the movies 
is heading to meet with mom's oncologist to see what's going on and hoping she'll have some sort of chemo 
Ok did I miss the memo is it National Dumb Boys day ? 
the smell of ribs is wafting throughout the house !!! 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr , irresponsible people 
Can't wait to drink that Perfect < PROPFEMALE > tonight mmmmmm good ! 
Off work and done with Mom's chemo for today now at Caribou with my free birthday drink doing some reading for classes THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES :o ) 
Soaking up some sun in my new chairs for the backyard while actually doing some reading for school 
about to grill up some food , got some nice color today , fire pit is done , fence is almost done ?! ( thanks to dad ) , just enjoying a nice Sunday :) 
knows that I make mistakes , I apologize to anyone I may have caused pain to , but if you choose to live in a glass house you best not through stones !! 
four years ago today we found out my Mom has cancer , thanking GOD she is still here today , she's still fighting that battle but she's here ! 
got my grades in finally ... 98% and 96% in my two classes yay !!! now to relax for the next three weeks woo hoo !!! 
i love when my friends eye's light up like a kid in a < PROPFEMALE > store over some crazy ass dance moves . 
have kindergarten parent orientation tonight , then < PROPMALE > gets to meet his teacher tomorrow afternoon . Still feeling calm about my lil guy starting school , give me a few days it'll catch up to me . :) 
is excited to go to the Wild game tonight , Halloween Haunt at Tartan Park with < PROPMALE > T this afternoon , and other various things , I am hoping everyone is having a truly wonderful day . 
so absolutely freaking excited to have a 2 day work week !!!! WOO HOO !!!! 
One more long day of work tomorrow then off til next Monday .... I hope it goes quickly , thinking a < PROPFEMALE > night tomorrow might be in order too . :) 
I'm so excited to be getting away for a few days , no work til next Monday ! now to finish packing and enjoy some time with the love of my life < PROPMALE > . :) 
is spending the afternoon fixing a certain five year old broken heart ... Hope everyone is enjoying their Saturday ! 
church last night was amazing even < PROPMALE > was excited to go , now I am finishing some homework while PT plays with some long lost toys , and then a movie this afternoon . Hope everyone is having a wonderful Sunday even amongst the raindrops . :) 
about to carve a pumpkin with < PROPMALE > , after a long day a lil fun is in order . 
Like\ 
my status and i will tell you , 1 . Something ive learned about you from \ 
looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My \ 
first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something \ 
Ive always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 ........ \ 
Challenge you to repost this !!!!!! 
is in need of a good pumpkin bar recipe to start practicing to make for Thanksgiving .... anyone care to share theirs if they have one ??? :) 
watching the Wild game with < PROPMALE > , and I now have him yelling at the TV .... hmmmmm .... GO WILD !!! 
is quite annoyed that my cell phone for the last few weeks has been blasted with numerous calls from politicians ... 
so excited to have my lawn mower back , and the repair was covered under warranty WOO HOO , going to mow ( mulch all the leaves ) :) :) :) 
got the outside decorations bought , rearranged my living room and now to finish up some other projects .... 
going to Applebee's can't wait for the < PROPFEMALE > yummmm ..... oh and enjoying time with a friend ! 
just got a call from my son he just wanted to say \I love you Mommy ! \ " he just made my whole day !!! " 
@ Caribou doing some studying then shopping with Mom hope everyone is enjoying the < PROPFEMALE > day 
Taking a moment to remember all of those that have served in the United States military no matter what branch , no matter how long your service was , you stood for our freedom , THANK YOU to all US Veterans . 
alright going to go play in the snow for awhile .... 
it was a wonderful weekend , went by way too fast , volunteered last night had a lot of fun , got my midterms completed , < PROPMALE > out with my little man today , and now we're making puppy chow and watching < PROPFEMALE > Clause 3 :) 
HATES that my lil guy is sick , no work for me tomorrow and no school for him . Hopefully it's just a 24 hr thing . 
all in all a productive day , reading for school done , made a homemade real dinner , < PROPMALE > the outside Christmas lights , now working on a friends iPod for them .... 
alright going shopping , more Christmas decorations and stuff for Operation Christmas Child , oh and something tasty for dinner . 
is feeling lost today , has too many things to try and figure out ... 
thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Latour-Paramo Ditsworth and < PROPFEMALE > Paramo for an evening of fun last night other than the 3.5 hour drive home in the ice rink and the 100+ cars in the ditch it was just what I needed ! Love you both and thanks again !!!! 
Christmas tree up , most outside decorations are complete , end of driveway free of ice and snow ( for the time being ) , 32 < PROPFEMALE > divorce settlement complete , now to relax and enjoy a Sunday evening . 
A true friend doesn't care when you're being a bitch , what you weigh or wear , \ 
if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your \ 
family is filled with crazy people ... Your conversations pick up where \ 
they left off even if they're years apart .... They love you for who you \ 
are . Re-post this if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are :) 
Meeting with mom's oncologist this morning then hopefully another round of chemo so everything stays on schedule .... drive safe roads right now are perfect =) 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my FB friends ! I am ready to spend a day with those that I love , I have so many different things to be thankful for this year . What are you thankful for ? Travel safely . 
got some of < PROPMALE>'s birthday/Christmas shopping done ... but the lil bugger won't disclose what he REALLY wants ! 
is going to build a snowman with < PROPMALE > :) 
is finding it difficult to shop for a certain 5 soon-to-be 6 yr . old , he's not helping with any suggestions , other than he wants a puppy . 
the snow looks so pretty , enjoying a nice breakfast and some coffee before I go shopping and to my mom's chemo , hope everyone has an amazing day ! 
@Caribou doing some studying .... 2nd cup of coffee in an hour should be flyin soon =) 
Change\ 
your FB profile pic to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is not \ 
to see a human face on Facebook by Monday , December 6th . Join the fight \ 
against child abuse !! Copy and Paste to your status !! 
just got back in from playing in the snow . Really wish < PROPMALE > was here , it would mean a lot less looks from the neighbors while I make snow angels . :) 
getting ready for church , then taking < PROPMALE > to see < PROPFEMALE > hopefully he will have come up with more than a puppy as his wish ........ :o ) 
is taking a moment to say \thanks\ " to all those that are there for me .... " 
#0912 Girl , I still remember the we first met . And I can never listen to Eminem without thinking of you . Driving down E , passed the old house . I smile and wish for those days again . God I miss you and love you . I miss the stupid fun , and just being able to have some of your chicken !!! :) Love you forever ! 
Ok ..... guess I'm going to play too , I want < PROPFIRST > .... :) 
#37 I am thankful that I have met you . I LOVE all your wonderful words of wisdom . Your hug is great . The little tidbits of knowledge you pass on to others , the love care and support you give is truly amazing . You are such remarkable person . I am blessed to call you a friend . You are a wonderful father , husband , friend , listener , < PROPFEMALE > on your shoulder and cry(er ) :) Thanks . 
#1225 You are truly a Christmas miracle ! Your strength never ceases to amaze me . Your trust and love in God is something I strive for . You are there with most comforting words just when I need it the most . I know I can tell you anything and you will still be there . I miss your hugs and seeing your smiling face . You are such a truly amazing woman , FRIEND , mother , daughter , and sister . Love you .... 
339- I honestly never thought we'd be as good as friends as we are ! For the messed up situation u were in I am thankful since I never would have known the amazing person u r ! U have grown so much a friend a mother a wife and a daughter . I love u 
trying to remain positive when everything seems to be crashing around you isn't exactly an easy task ............ 
taking < PROPMALE > and my mom to dinner tonight , and going to see Christmas lights ...... 
trying to decide what I want to make for dinner .... it's going to be a nice quiet evening in 
going to go shovel again .... it looks super pretty out there . :) 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status 
ok so a somewhat productive day , I got one final , one paper , and all the legal paperwork for an adoption done , tomorrow's adventure another paper , another final and 10 mini projects that make up my other final . Then I will be done until January woo hoo !!! 
To all the unselfish moms out there , who traded eye liner for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change a thing . Let's see how many moms post this . Moms who don't care about whatever they gave up and instead LOVE what they got in return . Post this if you LOVE your life as a MOM ..? 
going to bake an apple pie , peanut butter blossoms , and chocolate chip cookies , then wrap < PROPMALE>'s presents . Enjoying my day off from work . 
Done with church now taking < PROPMALE > to see Christmas lights he just got to see < PROPFEMALE > on the fire truck 
Good Morning FBF ! Six years ago today I was forever changed , I never knew how much one could love til I had my son , he is my world , today is a day dedicated all to him , I love you very much < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , hope your day is exactly what you wanted ! 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . He put his arms around you & whispered come with me . With tearful eyes , we watched and saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly , we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest , God broke our hearts to prove to us he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this Christmas . 
the audacity of some people NEVER ceases to amaze me !!!! 
so excited to curl up and take a nap with < PROPMALE > , and enjoying the fact that I don't have to be back to work til Tuesday .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , I hope you have a truly blessed day spending time with your loved ones , family and friends , here's to hoping you get all that you have wished and hoped for ! I know I am blessed and thankful for many things this year including parents that come over and shovel your ENTIRE driveway before you wake up , and wonderful friends that continue to believe in me :o ) 
is relaxing , hoping that everyone had a wonderful Christmas filled with lots of memorable moments with those you hold dear to your heart . 
is excited to be taking < PROPMALE > to the Wild game tonight :o ) , hope everyone is having a wonderful day ... 
even though the Wild lost me and < PROPMALE > had a great time :) Can't wait til the 16th for the next game :) 
am relieved got my grades in for last quarter ended with A's in both classes !!! 
is thankful for the last 4 days away from work , today was especially productive got a new snow blower and insulation for my house , then took < PROPMALE > sledding . :-) 
thinking Cali in March should be fun .... :) 
Pay It Forward 2011 .... I promise to send something homemade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must , in turn , post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 .. 
so much for a quiet , peaceful day off work ... 
has a sick child at home :( 
< PROPMALE > is a bit better but now mommy feels like crud :( 
is feeling better today yay !!!! Now to decide what to eat ... thinking Chipotle sounds delicious !! or hmmmm decisions , decisions ... 
:( just wants to feel better ... 
getting ready for another one of Mom's chemo appts ... hope everyone is having a wonderful day !!! 
took < PROPMALE > sledding after school today had a blast , still can't eat food but there are worse things in life ?! :) 
hoping everyone is having a wonderful day . About to get some retail therapy . :) 
back from retail therapy even if it was just Cub and Target .... about to finish up some homework now . 
enjoying the cuddle time with < PROPMALE > just watching a movie ... 
going sledding with < PROPMALE > .... 
can't wait to be wastin ' away in Margaritaville ..... mmmm I can almost taste it . 
going to meet with Mom's oncologist/chemo appt , hope everyone is having a blessed Wednesday , :) 
what a long day ......... 
is going to bake brownies for < PROPFEMALE > Nordstrom Foley and cookies for the rest of my spoiled co-workers .... 
margaritas and baking .... so far I have made peanut butter brownies and peanut butter blossoms , in the oven are the chocolate chip cookies .... :) I can feel the stress just melting away , or maybe it's being covered up with < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
is excited to have new insulation installed today in my house =) hope everyone has a fantabulous day ! 
done with the insulation now cleaning up and thinking about going out ... 
trying to do homework but mind keeps wandering .... 
woo hoo homework is complete , now to go shopping for a bit then to see some hockey ! Hope everyone is having a great day ! 
played in the snow with < PROPMALE > , shoveled/snowblowed driveway ( with dear ol ' dad's help ) , cleaned the roof off , made < PROPMALE > dinner ( homemade mac/cheese ) , laundry done , now to help lil man with his < PROPFIRST>'s for school . 
why is it every time I start to make progress someone or something comes along to knock me back down ??? 
debating homework or nap before church this afternoon ????? 
pizza , wings , and Despicable Me with lil man .... :) 
some people are just ignorant , and really ignorance is NOT bliss .... 
