Happy new years everyone , I already got first flick of the year 

Just shaved for the first time and didn't cut myself 
sleepy after all I did this weekend , hope I don't have to be awake tomorrow ... 
Just agree with the guy next to you .. 
Like these half days , always fun for me 
I just realized it is the weekend . time to catch up on sleep starting now ! 
I gave up on trying to find out the truth , but it found me when I gave up 
bored and sleepy .. or .. sleepy and bored 
just figured out it is easter .. 
being bored is boring .. 
saying sorry to people you acutally care about is much harder .. 
Friday will be fun .. If its not I will make it fun .. 
waiting .. waiting .. waiting ... 
I blame < PROPFEMALE > for getting wet .. 
just thinking about a few things .. 
Friday ! whats that ? still thrusday ? ok then .. 
Yay friday ! Won't be home for most of the day , yay ! 
last night was fun haha .. 
hate fixing the house .. 
birthday party ! oh .. look at the time ... too early to leave haha 
what party ? 
skateland was fun , found 25 cents in my skates ! 
why am I always so tired ..? 
thai tea ? ~ 
who knew we could still play tag ..? 
less than three 
\What If ? \"" 
\What If\ " still holds it's true meaning " 
sometimes .. its just worth it .. 
Ice Cold Thai Tea ? 
some people say that time is a healer , I disagree .. 
weekend was fun .. should do it again when I don't have a project due 
If only there were no misunderstandings between us .. 
I'm going to the hospital but I don't know what for ... 
sometimes the rain is relaxing , the thunder is a compliment to the rain along with the lightning .. 
Remember Kids , Don't play around with sharp razors , like those used for shaving , you might accidentally cut off some hair you wish to keep ... 
I'm really indecisive 
doing hw :/ 
Time ... Time ... 
dance .. I almost forgot that was today if it wasn't for some people .. 
should I sleep or nap ... hard choice ... 
It is hard to explain , I rather just show you 
who knows ... 
there is always something to do , just look around 
Tomorrow is Another Day .. 
I need to work soon :/ 
ah .. no more work for today .. now tomorrow .. that is a different story .. 
??????????????????... 
Yay < PROPFEMALE > soon , I get to forget about North < PROPFEMALE > and Hickory , where there is nothing to see or do ! 
Ugh .. still in the car heading for maryland ... < PROPFEMALE > , almost west < PROPFEMALE > now . >.< 
the beach :) 
Tonight's Texas Hold Em ' Game money Balance : Entered with 13$ ... few plays later ended with 5$ ... few plays after that $3 .. even more after that around $6 ... then after a few more plays ended with $14.75 ... In total I won $1.75 :) 
hm ... I went to < PROPFEMALE > with $30 , and I left with $45 ... things are looking up :) 
Learning is part of life , part of life is learning .. 
Its time to find out who is right .. 
Let me think now .. 
I wonder what will happen 
I didn't know it was ok to put caffeine , guarana , and ginseng in a gum .. 
Natural Selection ? 
? ~ thai tea ~ ? 
I keep looking back , only to find that nothing is there 
¥ . ¥'' 
july 4th ? what is so important about july 4th ..? I say we should have thai day ! 
feels like vacation : a bunch of people speaking a language I don't understand , in this case I do understand some of it because it is thai 
Sure it was just a dream , but it seems like it was real ..? Either way it ended the same , everything unsolved . 
driver's < PROPMALE > today 
still thinking .. try asking me in a few years when I have forgotten who you are :) 
what do I do when I have nothing to do ..? Sleep all day :) 
finish < PROPMALE > driver's < PROPMALE > classes , got like 2 hours of sleep in class so I'm good :) 
Party all day .. too bad I need to wake up early tomorrow :/ 
tired 
I have my reasons . 
Got a new phone :) 
I sometimes wish things were not as easy ... oh well .. 
Movie today , it was good 
Look around us ... what do you think you see .. 
the operatiom is in progress .. will it work ? Only time will tell .. 
Woo ! Get to go to the beach again 
Going to the beach today ... 
I'm at the beach now and I want to go swiming :) 
Plans never work out the way you intended , but sometimes that is just a good thing ... 
I should stop playing poker for the rest of my vacation while I'm still even 
Don't worry everyone , I'm ok .. 
I couldn't stay away from poker .. I lost all of it ... oh well , half of that money isn't mine and I can get some more money if I really needed some 
Storm ... 
going back to hickory tomorrow :/ 
Hmm .. looks like there is more to learn about my past .. I might start in england .. maybe 
Wonder what's next 
I'm still thinking ... not sure if there is anything that will change that :P 
first day of driving .. how did i do ? lets just say I'm lucky i didn't hit anyone or anything ... 
1st Semester --- \ 
\ 
1 . advanced orchestra\ 
2 . health & pe\ 
3 . earth/environmental science cp\ 
4 . world history honors (?) \ 
2nd Semester -- \ 
2 . algebra 1\ 
3 . career management\ 
4 . english 1 honors (?) 
Driving in a few mins ... 
First day of school and already have homework .. that I fell asleep doing 
At school still waiting for the bus :/ 
I don't like waiting for this bus everyday .. 
tennis ... -.- \ " , 201 0-0 8-30 01:05:44 " 
Things are looking up :) 
Already sleepy but my day just started ... 
:) 
Little distracted today .. 
meh .. feel sick .. 
4th lunch :) 
Here we go again .. 
sleepy .. fell asleep in 2nd and had a dream :) still sleepy .. 
Too poor to even afford reduced school lunch :o 
I never realized how much I loved ... the darkness :) 
Bored , pe soon 
Sleepy ... wonder when can I sleep 
In science , sleepy and bored .. wonder if I can sleep and still pass class .. 
Not liking these kids on my bus ... the same thing everyday , drama , gossip , hate , and people who can't control their emotions ... might walk home one day :P 
Sleepy 
... and so my adventure to be literate in thai begins ... 
Bored .. glad today is half day 
My left hand ... its happening again 
little confused on what happened today ... 
Sleepy , tired , and bored .. the combination that makes me want to sleep 
When I came home , my house was 62°F :/ 
Gum on me and then my bookbag .. smells minty fresh but I think I'm forgetting something :) 
I feel sick 
Hmm ... company ... 
weekend filled with fun , yay :) 
Someone stole my dollar ... guess no lunch for another few weeks 
aah .. I feel accomplished today , even though I failed .. Numb fingers , tumblers unmoved , and a bag filled with broken picks .. I see this more as a learning experience .. 
I just noticed it was the 31st of october .. 
Just waiting ... November 7-12 ... and probably the next few months after that I will experiment .. heh .. 
Everytime I'm knocked down , I get back up stronger than before 
aaah .. the mountains .. brings back memories .. 
Locks are just puzzles from my point of view 
Nothing is foolproof to a talented fool 
Noo .. the pick broke 
The lockpicker is back !! 
I Like getting 12 hours of sleep :) 
?????????????? =D 
I am now a creator 
Ah .. feels like new years already .. but this time thai , not vietnamese 
How do I end up in these situations .. must be my luck\ 
xO 
time flies when you're having fun :) 
Empty ... 
I'm half empty and half full 
Fun Day :D \ 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone 
Been awake for 9hrs and now going to take a nap then sleep . 
Snow !! =D its snowing haha ^.^ 
Haha .. ahh .. found something I was searching for .. if only I found it sooner would I noticed how close it was to me 
Facing problems head on is sometimes good but i rather find an alternative route for others 
I just noticed it was december xD 
Can only see out of one eye right now and its about to go to zero . xD 
going to airport at 11pm , its been a while :) 
bro is home 
Done with concert but I feel like I forgot something 
Three hour delay and what do I do ?.... sleep :) 
The three hr delay turned into no school and what do I do ?... sleep :) 
Hhs .. I will rage on you when I get back .. but that can wait for 2 more hours .. 
Sometimes the isolation is not always so bad 
I thought I would feel different but I feel the same xO 
An almost relaxing birthday ... 
Happy Christmas ...,,,..,,., ____ 
The closet is underestimated these days in its field of usefulness .. with the proper imagination it could be a room , bed room , closet , or/and a storage room 
I'm a dreamer and I'm dreaming of those dreams 
Few months ago it was lock picking ... now its video editing xD 
Tomorrow , I will create < PROPMALE > 
I did create < PROPMALE > , but only I will know of it . It proves to be useful in creating more < PROPMALE > haha . 
April 2011 come fast please .. 
The only time I'm not sleepy or tired we don't have school ... oh well , time to go to work 
100 hours of gaming a day 
Looks like I have another reason to love the night .. 
This missing a few days of school thing is messing up my internal clock 
yep , internal clock is messed up :) 
weee sugar =D it makes me really hyper but i shouldn't crash soon , i think it will happen around 1 or 3 ^^ going to run around like an idiot now , bye ~ 
Out of energy x/ sleeping time 
I'm going to work all night -.- r.i.p. sleep 
I'm going to try to wake up 5 mins early :) 
ughh ... been playing this game for almost 6 hours straight .. won't give up until i beat it even if it takes me 10 more hours >.> 
There is no such thing as sleep deprivation : I'm immune when it comes to games 
11hrs ... xO 
haha listening to songs from the early 1930 to late 1940 . Now this .. this is music 
Meh . 
I've lost all ambition for worldly acclaim ... 
15 hours of sleep ? looks like something was wrong with me 
going to be editing a video for a week or so : Don't assume I'm dead .. yet 
