Happy New Year ! 

Thoughts for the New Year : God won't aske what your highest salary was , but He'll ask if you compromised your character to obtain it . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask you what kind of car you drove , but He'll ask how many people you drove who didn't have transprtation . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask how many promotions you received , but He'll ask how you promoted others . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask how many friends you had , but He'll ask how many people to whom you were a friend . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask what your job title was , but He'll ask if you performed your job to the best of your ability . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask what you did to help yourself , but He'll ask what you did to help others . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask in what neighborhood you lived , but He will ask how you treated your neighbors . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask about the color of your skin , but He will ask about the contents of your character . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask you what you did to protect your rights , but he will ask what you did to protect the rights of others . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask how much overtime you worked , but He'll ask if your overtime work was for yourself or your family . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask how many material possessions you had , but He'll ask if they dictated your life . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask about your social status ; He will ask what kind of class you displayed . 
Thoughts for the New Year : God won't ask the square footage of your house , but He'll ask how many people you welcomed into your home . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
Thank you everyone for my wonderful gifts & Cards . Xander says , \Thank you ! \ " too . " 
I hope everyone has a safe and fun New Years < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I am sorry but just because you've been doing the same job for 14 years doesn't mean that your the best person for the job . 
Plus , I have no respect for high school drop outs that never get a GED . Sorry . 
I love my baby !! He is just so cute and wonderful !!! 
I'm crossing my fingers that the visit at work goes well . 
Purple 
I miss my sister , brother-in-law , nephew , and friends !!! Why does OK have to be so far away !?!? 
Devan should be out of work ... yeah !! 
Why can't we just all get along ?? 
Together we can achieve MORE ! I see the vision . Do you ? 
Praying that all our hard work pays off . We are a great team , we just need our results to show it . I see the improvements , why can't they ?? 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!!! 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness ; they are not looking for a cure ... only acceptance . Ninety-three percent of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Special Education Week : March 22nd to the 26th ... 
Just lovin ' Josa & my margaritta glass ... 
Help Devans ! Eating the baby !! j/k 
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning . - < PROPFEMALE > Baker Priest 
Just got home from having a great dinner with my friends and family ! =) 
Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul . - < PROPFEMALE > Dickinson 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens ; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us . - < PROPFEMALE > Keller 
Do not follow where the path may lead . Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail . - < PROPFEMALE > Strode 
If you want to accomplish goals in your life , you have to begin with spirit . - Oprah Winfrey 
is planning on boycotting bp until they get their oil spill cleaned up . I think others should join this cause too . 
My baby woke up , I just got home from work , and it is only 4:28 ! Nice . 
Played outside with the baby ! Pushed him in the swing ! He loved it ! Now he's eatin ' some cherrios ! I love my little goofer ! 
The baby and the dady are back from their walk ! =) 
Xander has a tooth ! It just broke through the gum line . 
Finally , home from work !! Yeah , I can see my little toofer ! I am glad things are starting to go better at work now . I just wish it could have been me . 
The baby's room looks successfully cleaned . Finally , after months of neglect , the baby's clothes are all sorted and the floor has been vaccaumed . 
Got back from < PROPFEMALE>'s going away party ! Going to miss you < PROPFEMALE > ! Work is just not the same without you !!! I hope you have lots of fun with your free time !!!! 
Happy Father's Day !!!! 
Baby had his 9 month check up today . 19 lbs & 28.25 inches , which is pretty average for babies at this age . Then we went to the libaray , played in the tub , and now we are down for a nap . What , a nice day it is . 
Keep your fingers crossed that Devan can get this job tomarrow at Dunhams !! 
thank you !! 
So , glad we do not live on Avenue A anymore ! Yes , no more traffic and low flying air craft ! 
Happy 4th of July !!!! 
Xander learned to move his toy riding car backwards . Now , just to get him to go forward . Inculding , crawling forward . 
Xander figured out how to go forward on his riding car today ! 
Xander is crawling forward , today . I don't know if this is a good thing ... ya .... there he goes ... he gets around ... and around ... 
On Vacation !!!!!!!!! 
went to the Air Zoo today ! 
went to the zoo with the baby !!! He loved the choo-choo & the monkey's! 
The life expectancy of American high school dropouts is 9.2 years less than that of graduates . Another good reason to graduate from high school . =) 
Every year in the United States , nearly 1 of every 5 deaths is related to smoking , Cigarettes kill more Americans than alcohol , car accidents , suicide , AIDS , homicide , and illegal drugs combined . Do you hear that bro ??? 
The neighbor kids broke into my grandpa's house , again ! Took his TV this time . Of course , home owners insurance has a $1000 deductible , so he will have to buy another TV on his own . Unless , the crime lab shows up and finds it . They have only been waiting since 5:30 AM this morning for them !!! Good luck , with that ! 
just got back from the Turkey farm ! Next , seeing the movie < PROPMALE > of Pershia at the Cheap Theater . 
