What's on my mind ? Hmmmm ... not sure at the moment . 

hurray !!! It's an old episode of < PROPMALE > the Dead ! It beats the new ones by a longshot . 
MMMM Fresh homemade cream puffs !!! Haven't made them in years ! Boy are they ever good !! 
I'm sooooooo bored !!!!! 
Is there supposed to be something on my mind ? That sounds like a headache to me ! 
Gotta give props to Ceecee ! Even with < PROPFEMALE > pain she made it to the finish line at the Finlan Relay today . 
I like having a garden in our backyard but I hate having to do the weeding-no help from anyone . Oh well ! 
Almost time to bring the kid her dinner then come back home for a short time then go pick up the kid !!! Run , run run , will it ever end ? 
To quote a line from a TSO song \SNOW ! I don't even like the sound of it ... \"" 
Wish I could fall asleep at a reasonable hour of the night !!! 
Why are there so many songs about rainbows ... 
Meatloaf and mashed potatoes for dinner and apple pie for dessert tonight !!! 
Bedtime and thankful shopping and wrapping are basically done ! 
It's Sunday and I'm bored like usual !!! 
Not feeling very well . Must be something in the water , really !!! 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? mostest ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER ? in the ? world ? 
Hello everyone . My daughter , < PROPFEMALE > , was invited to compete for a $ 60,000 scholarship . The competition takes place this summer on a cruise . Just like everyone else money is tight and we can't do it on our own for her . I am looking for ideas for fundraising and/or sponsors/donations to get her there . Please contact me on here and I will give you more information . Thank you all for your support . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness . LOL 
A blessed and happy Easter to all ! 
Happy Monday everyone ! 
Dreary and rainy - the perfect reason to take a day long nap ! 
Let's hope that spring is finally here . After that little snow strom this week all I can say to that is UNCLE !!!!! 
Time for more spring cleaning . Oh , how I wish it was done ! 
I hope spring sticks around . All of our < PROPFIRST > bushes and plants are budding ! 
OK I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL . Unfortunately most women won't re-post this . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status 
I admit it - I'm watching the ACM and am enjoying it ! 
You know it's going to be a long week when ... on the way to school this morning ( Monday ) the kid asks \Is it Friday yet ? \ " Sheesh !!! " 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the ones who conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? ? April is cancer month . 
Ok I admit it . I'll be watching the \Madonna\ " episode of \ " GLEE\ " tonite ! " 
Tired of the rain ... at least it's not snow !!! 
To my FV friends - those that I sent the FV gift center invite - don't accept it/try it . The < PROPFEMALE > wouldn't load correctly and I'm guessing it's another way of somebody stealing items from your gift . Sorry , I goofed with this one . 
Amazing how some things can get done sooooo quickly and yet other things sit and take forever to get done !!!! 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer or is fighting as you write this . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . 93% won't copy and paste this . I did but will you ? 
Brown County Library book sale is on now ! Looking forward to $4 < PROPMALE > Friday ! 
wishes this day was over already - just like every other day . 
My baby picked up her cap and gown for graduation today . They grow up way to fast !!! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a \ 
man wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , \ 
OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her\ 
how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing \ 
he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a ... \ 
man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against \ 
Domestic Violence !! 
StingCancer of Preble High School - Wear Yellow Day , today , May 13 . We all know someone that has been affected by cancer . This group of kids does what they can to support people and families dealing with cancer . 
STING CANCER Memorial Marrow Donor Registry ( May 15 ) 9am - 2pm in the Preble High School gym . 18 year olds and \ 
older , please consider registering tomorrow to be a possible marrow \ 
donor . There are no needles involved and it is a < PROPMALE > to be registered\ 
in the national registry . Please get tested . 
Is anyone else not able to see the full game scene ? I can't get to a lot of what is usually available when I log in . 
Went to Ceecee's Music banquet last night . Last one for her :( 
Night everyone ! 5:30 a.m. gets here way to early !!! 
FV friends I need 2 bricks and 3 nails . If anyone can send them to me I would appreciate it . I really don't like the request to expand - why would I send a request to people I know aren't and don't want to be on FV ? 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of \ 
weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too\ 
long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has \ 
had depression . Will you do it & leave it on your status for at \ 
least an hour ? Most people won't . It's mental health week and 1 in 3\ 
of us will suffer at some point in our lives . 
My baby's last two days of school ... they grow up way too fast !!! 
To my FV friends who were part of my c o-o p ; I apologize for not getting back to it over the weekend . My modem went to crap and I couldn't get it replaced right away . 
Congrats to Preble High School Class of 2010 ! Only hours until graduation ! 
Yeah !!! My baby is now a high school graduate ! Congrats Ceecee !! 
Strawberries are starting . Picked our first pail today . I see there are a lot more to come . 
?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ll ?? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d \ 
pu ? ? do ? ? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ? ll ? n ??? ? s ? l spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l \ 
¡ ? l ???? s ? osl ? ? nq spu ???? s ? no ? ? uno ? o ? p ? l ? ? luo ? ou ?? ? \ 
? uo ? s ??? p sno ?? suo ? ? ? o ? lns ?? ? s ? ? s ? l pu ???? ?? uo ??? no ? ? o \ 
? uo ? l ? u ? s ...????????? uo ?? u ????? u ??? d s ? o ?? ?? s 
Got about three quarters of an ice cream pail full of strawberries out of the garden this morning . Mmmmm ....... strawberries ! 
Another pail and a half of strawberries today . I hope they start getting bigger than what I've been seeing so far . 
Ceecee made it thru the interview round of the first of two pageants she is competing in . Tomorrow the final pageant for Miss Teen Green Bay . Fingers crossed . 
Three hours and forty-two minutes til pageant time . Go Ceecee !!!! 
Ceecee's first pageant almost over . Waiting on the results . ( fingers double crossed !! ) 
Not looking forward to mowing the lawn and picking more strawberries tomorrow !!! 
Hey < PROPMALE > can I get the blueprints for that Ark ? I think I'm gonna need it !!! 
Thunderstorms tonight - hopefully we won't have flooding with it !! 
Looks like Round #2 of < PROPFEMALE > weather tonight . Oh boy !!! 
Almost 4 hours later and my farm still won't load ! Wish I knew how to fix it cuz this is just sooooooo old . 
I'm about fed up with Farmville's lack of reliability - the loading issues alone are about enough to make me want to dump it all . 
FV friends please send me boards , nails , bottles , blankets and/or wedding items . Thank you . 
FV friends please send \ 
me boards , nails , bottles , blankets and/or wedding items . Thank you . 
FV = VERY EXPENSIVE NEVER WITHER AGAIN !!! They really want to buy their game cards and 7 11 and other retail outlets . 
WOW ! Just heard that < PROPFEMALE > pickin ' season is gonna be early this year too . Earliest it's ever been . At least that's what the news is reporting . 
AT&T Wi-Fi sucks tonight again . I get better Wi-Fi over at the Grand Central Station Wi-Fi ! I would be there but this is close to where the kid is in class . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everybody . 
thinks zynga should get hit with a discrimination lawsuit ! Not everyone has or wants an iphone ! From the sounds of itthe new iphone works about as well as farmville does these days ! 
Happy 4th everyone ! 
If anyone here watches Wipeout , could you please tell me who won the couples edition tonight ? timer was set wrong and I didn't get the final minutes !!! :( 
Brain fried too much heat and humidity ! I know , come December , January , and February I will be complaining about the cold . Oh well ! 
Is anyone else getting friend requests that appear to be real and only after you accept the request you can see the wall and all it looks like is an ad for the iPhone 4 ? I've gotten a few of them and they are getting really , really old !!! 
Has anyone actually gotten the \310 FarmVille Cash ( Get it Now )\ " ? I tried it . After I sent the invites the link to claim the cash didn't work \ " 404\ " link doesn't exist message is what I got !!! One of these days I will remember to NOT bother with those things ! " 
Madtowne is a nice place to visit but I'm glad to be home again ! 
is sooooo glad we got the lawn mowed before the storms hit !!!!!!! 
It's getting < PROPFEMALE > out again . Wonder how long it's gonna go on for tonight . 
Since it's Kewaunee HIgh ClReunion time - How many of my classmates will post their senior pic ? I did ! 
Since it's Kewaunee\ 
HIgh Class Reunion time - How many of my classmates will post their senior \ 
pic ? I did ! 
I can't believe that some people have nothing better to do than make life miserable for a school district in a small town because of it's mascot !!! It's been the KEWAUNEE INDIANS for as long as I can remember . What's next , change the town name too ? I hope the person who filed this is also going after the ATLANTA BRAVES ! 
It's amazing how < PROPFEMALE > Beggs Brown didn't mind the Kewaunee Indians the 36 years it paid her salary . Did she retire or was she \let go\ " and is now retaliating ? Gotta wonder . " 
Hope everyone had a good time at the reunion and had a safe trip home after it . 
Here comes the rain again ! Hope it dries out enough to mow the lawn on Monday ! 
HELP !!!!! I need nails , boards , harnesses , and beeswax . If anyone can help I would really appreciate it . I'm trying to get a stable expansion , japanese barn , and a beehive completed . Thanks . 
Please , no more honey < PROPFEMALE > s ! I haven't found a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > yet and have < PROPFEMALE > s sitting in my gift box because of it ! Building materials are greatly appreciated , nails , boards , bottles , harnesses , and bricks please ! Thank you ! 
Finally , a few days break from rain . Fingers crossed ! 
Farmville gift exchange - Is it another scam ? Wondering if I should try it or not bother with it . Help ! 
Somebody please make the ground stop spinning ! Having fun at the Kewaunee County Fair . 
Got the lawn mowed . Checked the garden . Lots of ground cherries on the plants but none ripe yet . Hopefully soon . 
Not that I'm a big fan of this heat and humidity but , I'll take this over the rain we've had so much of lately . 
I'm sure they have their reasons but I can't believe Kewaunee caved and is giving up the Kewaunee Indians name , logo , and anything associated with it . Sad day for Kewaunee and the alumni ! 
So can we now file a complaint that the complaint by Ms. Brown is offensive ? Look at all the duress she has caused . Funny how she won't do interviews now but was all talk when she filed the complaint ! Sorry people , just saw the story on the channel 11 news and needed to vent . 
If anyone took pics of the Northern Lights last night or tonight ( tues . or wed . ) could you send me a copy . We couldn't see them here at all and it's usually an amazing sight . Thanks . 
EVERYONE PLEASE STOP THEIR GAMES FOR 2 MINUTES AND REPOST THIS . PRAY FOR THE < PROPFIRST > LABLUE FAMILY . HE LOST 4 DAUGHTERS , AGES 2-11 IN A HOUSE FIRE LAST NIGHT . HIS 3 YEAR OLD SON AND WIFE ESCAPED . SHE'S CURRENTLY IN ICU WITH BURNS . I DON'T KNOW THIS FAMILY , BUT I DO KNOW THAT ONLY GOD ... CAN ...... HEAL THEIR LIVES NOW . PLEASE RE-POST THIS ... 
Too much running around today : farmers market , car show , laundry , another farmers market , and grocery shopping . I'm ready for a day of no running around ! 
I wouldn't mind the heat so much if we could just get rid of the humidity . If it's gotta be this hot , it could at least get hot enough to get rid of these blasted mosquitos ! 
Why would I want to spend FV cash on vehicle parts that I have sitting in my gift box ? Someone please explain !!!! 
I wish it would either cool ctually I'd take the cooling off . It sucks to do anything in my \real\ " garden when it's this hot and the mosquitos are out ! " 
It's now official - I can blame the Green Bay Packers for no TSO concert this year ! I'll take TSO over the Packers anytime . First time in 10 years they won't be in Green Bay for the holiday season . I WANT MY TSO !!!! 
Another time that sports are more important than music - Packers apparently decided what shows play when at The Resch . PMI should get a clue - family holiday traditions are more important than a lousy football game ! If parking is such an issue build a parking structure and lose a practice field ! 
I like dreamin'\ 
\ 
cuz dreamin ' can make you mine ... 
I can see , \ 
there ain't no room for me . \ 
You're only holdin ' out your heart in sympathy ... 
I feel like a french fry !!! 
Wish the power would get turned back on . It's been off since about 4 or 4:30 pm - lousy storm ! Now we've been told it should be back on by 1am ! This really sucks ! Thank goodness I had the battery charged on my laptop ! 
I want to thank my Class of 1980 classmates who posted pix from the reunion last night . I couldn't be there but it's great being able to see those that were present . Looks like you all had a great time . Thanks again ! 
That's our little < PROPFIRST > . He's not with us anymore( R.I.P. 7/5/09 ) but I thought the little character deserved some time in the spotlight ! 
Can someone please tell me how to disable the \Places\ " feature ? I don't want to use it . Thanks . " 
I should have looked a little farther and closer , I found it . Facebook should really set that stuff to off and let people decide to turn it on if they want it ! 
Fall has definitely ARRIVED !!!! 
Please send : Harness , Horseshoes , Nails , and Boards . Thanks Farmville neighbors ! 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list because I wanted you there ! I'm not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on my friend list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this as your ... status . I'll be watching ... 
Really not liking these gloomy fall days ... bring me more sun please !!!! 
Children with special needs do not have an illness . It is not\ 
contagious . They only want what we all want : To be accepted . Can I make a\ 
request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your\ 
status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is\ 
in honor of all children who just need a little ... extra understa ... 
Waitin ' in line at the Wheel of Fortune audition . 
Ceecee made it on stage ! 
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and figure I'm the only one having issues with Farmville today . It won't let me do 5 jobs on my neighbor's farms . This sucks royally ! I don't get on here much as it is and than of course there have to be issues !!!! 
They say when life hands you lemons to make lemonade ... I'm drowning in lemonade and I can't swim !!! 
Freeze Warning tonight ... and so the cold begins . Looking forward to Indian Summer ! 
Looks like Indian Summer is here for the next few days . Yeah !!!! I am not ready to have to turn the heat on for the winter yet . 
In the hall on the computer desk 
1of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority , and so much else . All for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens commit suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will ... get better , and you respect them , for ... who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see who will . 
Purple was the color of the day . Just wondering who remembered to wear purple today . 
They\ 
say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and\ 
never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they\ 
just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway\ 
they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand \ 
that ......... life ... is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them .... Re-post\ 
if you have @least 1 of these friends 
My daughter had a teacher who is a breast cancer survivor . That s why I m turning pink ! #breastcancer 
It's mommy's week .... post this with the date you first became a mommy .... September 6 , 1984 .... My oldest , a son , and I wouldn't trade being a mom for anything !!! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your \ 
house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is full of crazies . \ 
They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time\ 
without speaking to you and never question the friendship .... Re-post if\ 
you have at least one true friend . I'm thankful I ... have a few . 
Put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice . People who are gay are not looking for a cure , but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? Promote LOVE and Acceptance , NOT hate . 
Okay , can anyone tell me how to get rid of the stupid ads that have started appearing at the top of my FB < PROPFEMALE > ? I really am not liking this crap . 
< PROPMALE > Horror GLEE was AWESOME !! Now , where is that copy of < PROPMALE > Horror ... I know it's here somewhere ! 
No power , again !!! Lord only knows for how long this time ! 
Power is back on !! At least this time WPS wasn't too far off on the time estimate for when power would be back on . 
is not ready for the temps to fall into the 20s overnite and hates the thought of having to turn the heat on again . The price of propane sucks !!! 
Happy Halloween everyone !!!!! 
Somebody make the sugar high crash go away please !!!! 
GUYS .... if you love her tell her , show her , kiss her , and tell her she is \ 
beautiful because if you don't there is someone else waiting & \ 
wanting to be THAT GUY ! 
Ok , who ordered this white crap that's falling ? Please come get it , cuz I don't want it !!! 
I can't believe the number of people still coming in to audition ! It's after 2pm and it doesn't look like it's gonna stop anytime soon ! 
we are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th\ 
It's nice to know that some things never change ... like the \Just Us\ " system in Kewaunee cuz the \ " Justice\ " system has failed ! " 
AGT auditions in Chicago were intersting . There were definitely more singers than any other type of act ! 
First round of pasties are done ! Mine have been YUPPER approved ! :) 
Pasties are all done . Now I can start getting things together for my Christmas Cookie baking . The time is going by way too fast !!! 
No matter what browser I use this morning FV is F'd up . I get part way thru my harvest and I get the lousy \out of sync\ " message ! I'm about ready to \ " out of sync\ " Zynga !!! Anyone else having this issue ? " 
I just entered the Strutta iPad Giveaway sweepstakes . Check it out ! http://ipadsweeps.strutta.com/?=cw2a3 
Okay ... who ordered that white crap that was falling from the sky this morning ? Come and get it cuz I really don't want it yet ! Christmas would be nice , not before . 
Thank goodness for < PROPMALE > Potter ! Daddy and daughter tradition so I get time to myself !!! Yeah ! 
Trying to decide what to bake for Thanksgiving dinner ... 
Baking pies for tomorrow and staying out of the snow . 
Pumpkin and pecan pies are in the oven , Yeah !! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
is wondering who else is feeling alone even when with others or if it's just me . 
Have to think about what cookies I will be making this Christmas season ... already know the sugar cookie and the hershey kiss cookies but what to make besides those ... 
The Grinch , < PROPMALE > , and Glee all on at the same time Tuesday night ! Boy does that suck !!! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same !!! 
Monday , again !! 
Sure Happy It's Thursday !!!!! 
is NOT looking forward to all the snow . Is it spring yet ? 
No more < PROPMALE > the Dead show so I'll have to dig out my copy of \Santa Clause vs the Martians\ " . Gonna miss ya < PROPMALE >." 
Ok we've got enough snow and cold . It can go away for another year now . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > is done . Christmas cookies in progress . I envy anybody who is done with making and baking for Christmas . 
I wish the \STERLING\ " family would use their own phone number and address so their < PROPMALE > collectors would call them instead of us !!!! " 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . I know I haven't been on here much , apologize for that . Home life has been keeping me too busy to get here . I will respond to requests as soon as I can . 
Ceecee and I are headed off to church soon . Catch you on the flip side . 
TO NON PET OWNERS who visit our homes & complain about our pets : 1 ) They live here , you don't .... 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' Fur'-niture .... 3 ) Chances are , I love my pets more then I like you .... 4 ) To you , they are animals , to me , they are my babies and my family , who are hairy , walk on all fours & don't talk back ! Re-post if you love your pet . 
Could someone please tell me how to get the < PROPFEMALE > cane arch in Farmville ? I can only get a preview of it . Thanks ! 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the 3rd letter of your first name .... It can only be one word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy ... That's no fun ... 
The snow machine can get turned off for another year any time now !! 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too . Thanks ! 
I'm a bitch sometimes ... unfortunately most women won't re-post this ! I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is ! I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best !! If you're a bitch , repost 
For all those men who say \why marry the cow when you can get the milk for free ? \"- here's an update for you ! Nowadays more than 80% of women are against marriage . Why ? Because women realize it's not worth buying an entire pig just to get a little sausage !!! ------ KEEP IT GOING GIRLS ... this is too funny not to repost ! " 
\Snow !!! I don't even like the sound of it !... \ " What is Christmas by TSO " 
Lake effect snow my butt ! I'm in Bellevue and the lake is 20 < PROPMALE > away and at least 10 < PROPMALE > to the Bay ! 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
~ If you have wonderful friends , put this on your wall . ~ \ 
? I'm privileged to have many ... Thank you , for being you ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
