Not a thing 

I have a ton of homework that's do tommorrow . Mondays sucks 
Thanksgiving 
Do you think I did a good job on third bass , today ? 
Boring , can't sleep at all . 
I got bored and started to listen to this band called Nickleback or something like that . This is my first time listening to rock and my last . 
Happy New Years 
Ribs , chicken cornbread , collard greens , chicken dressing and butter bean . That is what I'm having tonight . 
You are my heart . \ 
\ 
You are my soul . \ 
A piercing dart , \ 
That leaves a hole , \ 
In my chest , \ 
When your gone , \ 
Is when I'm best , \ 
At singing our song . \ 
All I want is you , \ 
To be by my side , \ 
Then I'll never be blue , \ 
I will always glide . \ 
Combined into one , \ 
Are our hearts , \ 
Until we are done , \ 
Never to part . \ 
For you are my heart . \ 
That leaves a hole . 
I need someone's opinon . I'm thinking about shaving my afro , and going bald , do you guys think that is a good idea ? 
Thanks everyone 
Don't really feel like going to Band Camp tommorrow 
How did I get into Wind Ensemble ? 
Aye yall look at this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BYW6C44zo24 
Sittin in Melvins class about to fall asleep . I am so tired . 
sitin in band about to play volleyball 
The funniest thing happened to me , today . 
So bored , need something to do 
The smell of turkey , and sweet potato pie . Man I am starving . 
Happy Thanksgiving y'all!!! 
SAT tomorrow , wish me luck 
\We were given : Two hands to hold . Two legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . \ " ~ Unknown ~ " 
1 ; You are alright , and funny , bruh you a trip . Don't get beat up next year . 
1347 ; you are probably one of the funniest and coolest people I've ever had the pleasure to know . Wish we could have talked to each other a long time ago , we could have become good friends . Yeah , I still have your fishnets 
18 ; What can I say ? I had a great time messin with you , and really wished that we could have < PROPMALE > out more . You always had an good sense of humor . 
1207 ; There are many negative things that I could say about you , but you know that it will all be an lie . You are a very good friend and even though I constantly tease you and get on your nerves , you know I never mean it . I'm going to miss u . 
509 ; Even though we've known each other for a least two years . This is the first time we've actually ever talked to each other , and I wish that we would have done it sooner , cause you are an very funny and kind person to be around . 
3.14 Bajillion ; I've felt like you were always a little distant to me and I despise you . No for real tho , you are one of the nicest people I know , and is an great friend , I'm going to miss you . 
12345678910 ; We have lots of history and fond memories , I will < PROPFEMALE > those forever . 
Just got through with the ACT , it was hard 
Schedule Dupont , < PROPMALE > , Lumsden , Bass 
Watching Robot Chicken Stars Wars Special , funny as hell 
About to watch the Lunar Eclipse . 
When she smiles , she takes my breath away . 
You guys should really see the lunar eclipse , it's awesome 
I don't know why I continue to try and change . Everything always seem to blow up in my face . I just quit , I'm done trying to be friendly and nice , just to get stumped on in the end . 
Why does my heart ache for you ? Why do I bleed for you ? Why is it when I see you , I see light ? 
Meeting you was fate , becoming your friend was a choice , but falling in love with you was out of my control . 
Power was out about three hours 
needs a car 
got a new laptop 
how yall doin ? 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day 
Had a fever this morning , but I'm feeling sort of better now . Hope I can make it to the concert . 
At the barbershop , gettin my afro cut off . 
R-O-S-C-O-E , shawty put on me , I be goin ham , shorty upgrade from baloney . 
I love being black 
Anyone have the Senior Project Handout ? 
enjoying the HOSA state conference 
Hows everyone doing ? 
Almost home , had a really funtime at HOSA State Conference . Placed Second¡¡¡ 
Hate that I'm back at school , and there is no one here . 
Met the girl of my dreams , what else can i ask for 
sittin on the toilet .... 
