Im watching the 3 stooges . lol Classic ... 

Even though we can't have all we want , we ought to be thankful we don't get what we deserve . 
Ideas to get for the House ? Hmmmmmmmmmmm ? 
What to do for back aches ? 
Finally got my House monday ! Tuesday after work went there and what did i see a giant dead opossum under the house . The joys of home ownership !!! 
So im in my House now . Got everything in , I think ? Well now its time to relax . Anyone got the xbox 360 Let me know . Im ready to whoop some ass ! 
APHORISM : A SHORT , POINTED SENTENCE EXPRESSING A WISE OR CLEVER OBSERVATION OR A GENERAL TRUTH . 1 . The nicest thing about the future is that it always starts tomorow 2 . If you don't have a sense of humor , you probably don't have any sense at all . 3 . A good time to keep your mouth shut is when you're in deep water . 4 . Money will buy a fine dog , but only kindness will make him wag his tail 
Interesting day today , One of the bartenders shat on himself and decided that he should do his full 9hrs of work anyway . Not the first time he did it either . Last time he left a little on the floor . 
Its my friday night ..... Pizza and < PROPFIRST > Daniels tonight !!! 
Watching Role Models ...... 
Just got back from seeing Paranormal activity . Awesome movie !!!! 
Thinking of getting a dog soon . Not sure of what kind to get ? 
Watching saw < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
is restless !! 
Playing modern warfare 2 ..... 
REMEMBER : Cell Phone < PROPFIRST > Go Public this month . All cell phone < PROPFIRST > are being released to telemarketing companies and you will start to receive sales calls . YOU WILL BE CHARGED FOR THESE CALLS To prevent this , call the following number from your cell phone : 888-382-1222 . It is the National DO NOT CALL list . It blocks your number for ( 5 ) years . You must call from the cell phone number you want to have blocked . 
HACKER WARNING ! There is a new way to hack your Facebook . A Notification will be sent to you that one of your friends has commented on your status , it will open a new < PROPFEMALE > and tell you to re-enter your Facebook user name and password . The < PROPFEMALE > looks just like the FB login < PROPFEMALE > so be on the look out !! plz repost this to your status to let your facebook family know . Copy & paste into your status 
Should guns be outlawed ? 
A suitcase full of unmarked bills shows up on your porch , Do u keep all the money ? Or Do u Turn it all in to the police ? 
Those who answered keep the money here is pt . 2 . Now Drug Dealers Know u got there money and they know where u are . What do u do ? 
Ok So a man gets in a elevator with u that smells like old socks , He releases a tremendous burst of acrid flatulence as he gets off the elevator . U are now alone . but the elevator stops right before ur floor , a woman with kids comes in & the kids hold there nose & Say u smell like poo . U try to say it wasn't u . But the mom just stares at u with unpleasantness & disgust . What do u do ? 
The 1st man builds it , doesn't want it . 2nd man buys it doesn't need it , 3rd man uses it and doesn't know it , What is it ? 
Looking to adopt a dog ... 
Yeah so im still thinking of the name Of my new Dog . Either < PROPMALE > or Conan ? help me out 
Anyone who has ps3 let me know so i can get your gamertag .... 
Here is a list of some movies that are in the making . 1 . The hobbit 2 . conan the barbarian 3 . Terminator 5 4 . The Wolfman 5 . Rambo 5 
So whats your favorite movie quote ? 
Its now 2011 . Whats ur goal for the new year ? 
I got 3 pairs of socks on and my feet are still Cold ..... 
Is the way we are relatively unchangeable , or are we a blank slate ready to be socialized by our environments ? 
Cats ? or Dogs ? 
Is it ever ok to hit someone who is bi polar ? 
Does anyone work for entergy that can explain y they charged me $125 extra between fuel adjustment and other crap fees that they make up ? I would love to have a long chat with you . 
If someone offered you $ 1,000,000 to make a bet against the Saints in the super bowl would you take it ? 
Is worried about a friend 
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions , not our circumstances . 
Hey thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . 
Well since it seems people will buy anything i thought i would put out my most valuable piece on ebay . Its used toilet paper from the crack of the great < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Hand crafted of the finest threads , Glitter included . Bids start at a $100 . \ JUST BEAT IT ! \"" 
is sitting back relaxing watching netflix on xbox . 
Whats some names that make u think of old people ? 
Whats some things old people are allowed to get away with because they are old ? 
They say with the new gov . health care everyone will be required to have insurance if not they will be fined by the I.R.S. WHY ?????????? 
Whats your all time favorite movie ? 
Favorite 80's movie ?????????? 
Went to see the play Wicked . It was awersome ! 
is playing Splinter Cell Conviction . 
Woke up This morning looked in the mirror and thought im a sexy BEAST ! So i asked myself if i wanted to get breakfast at i hop . Myself said yes . We both had the breafast sampler . Great conversations we had within our minds . Then myself offered to buy me a power ball ticket which i took up on the offer . So now we wait for the 252 million that we will win . 
You know what time it is !!!!!!! 
Jazz fest tomorrow !!! 
Your 1 wish would be ________ ? 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Holy . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Sexy . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Meek 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bold . 19 : Joyful . 20 : Kind . Be HONEST !!!! 
Face book is pissing me off i can't write everthing on here . I have to give u the short version but u can ask me questions . I didn't see anything . I heard sqeaking or a dog whining in the basement . our voice recorder is under testing and ill get results from that in about a week . Im still skeptical ! 
Down below these are the pics i took from my investagation from the mortuary . There is one pic out of all that really got my attention . I don't want say which one . Look 17-20 and tell me if u see anything strange about one of them . 
Please tell who are u going for in Rampage vs . Evans . I need to know what some people are thinking here . 
is playing Red Dead Redemption ... 
Waiting for the ufc fight . its gonna be a good one tonight ! 
If u were to slap your significant other in the face . What cool sentence would you use to also get your point across while doing it ? 
is spending time with the family . 
As people grow up , they realize it becomes less important 2 have more friends and more important to have real friends . You know who you are ... 
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others . And if you can't help them , at least don't hurt them . 
is in Gulf Shores Alabama . Weather is good , Beach is awesome , and the waves are kicking . 
is watching shark week .... 
thinks some people wake up and eat a massive bowl of stupid for breakfast every morning ... 
There are two words in a person's life that will open a lot of doors for them ... PULL and PUSH 
About to go and see the expendables tonight 
i swear the next person who says its not the heat its the humidity will quickly learn its not my foot its the roundhouse !! 
When a man talks dirty to a woman , it''s sexual harassment . When a woman talks dirty to a man , it''s $4.95 a minute . 
lucky enough for you i am a doctor . Now i can already clearly see whats wrong with you so what I'm gonna do for you is write you a prescription for 2 testicles 
I love it when i am being me , because it seems to be pissing off all the right people . :) 
What is a funny memory/moment you remember that we have shared ? 
The democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
[ QUESTION ] If we were stuck in an elevator together for 4 hours , what would we do to amuse ourselves ? 
Lets play 5 word story !! I'll start ........ Their once was a girl 
wonders if anyone else has road rage when pushing a cart through the aisles at Wal-Mart ? 
Laaaah , lah , lah , lah .. Wait till i get my money right ! 
Going to see THE LAST EXORCISM tonight 
8:00 pm starts ufc . about to win me some money ..... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Really thinks he will knock out < PROPFIRST > Courture . Are u serious ? 
Anyone interested in buying a used xbox 360 with a 20 gb hard drive ? Works great . I wanted to get rid of it cause i don't need 2 xboxes . 
is watching Monster Squad . 
Does anyone have a pet carrier for a cat or a small dog ? Im looking for one . The one i had the cat played houdini and got out the carrier while i was driving . Not Cool !!!! 
Just watched the movie Over The Top . I am now pumped up , and feel like arm wrestling .... 
Yeah , Im a thousandaire . I eat out at outback on weekends , go to the movies and pay for the updated 3d version at the movies . i got bling , bought at wal mart didn't need lay-away . Throwing out pennies like it was < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Has voted for an Entry 
besides the obvious of going 2 the vet . anyone know what type of worm looks like rice in ur pets stool ? and what i can get to kill it ? 
If anyone is planning 2 see Resident Evil After Life , I beg u not 2 . It was so horrible i wasted about 1 1/2 hours of my life and now am suffering from it . I am now dumber & my eyes & brain were raped from watching this . I would rather have gone seen the < PROPFEMALE > Spears movie Cross Roads , eat ice cream & cry . Besides the speci ... al effects there was nothing remotely interesting about this movie . 
So the one chore i don't mind doing is vacuuming , But i don't understand the high , medium and low setting on the vacuum Is it the wheel spin up high or they mean the carpet is high . Man this is confusing !!!! Grrrrrrr !!!!!!!!!! 
So what's some good dvd's that are coming out that Ya'll want to see ? 
Anyone with netflix and xbox 360 ? Still haven't tried to party thing where u and others can watch movies . If you got it let me know .... 
I would like to challenge 1 million people on Facebook to send me $1 this month ! 
Thinks a home is not a home without pet fur .. What kind of pets do u own ? 
is watching < PROPFIRST > POWERS-MAN OF MYSTERY ...... 
Time for a Corona ...... 
do you think blu-ray disc will be taking over regular dvds or will net streaming wipe that out ? 
is watching the fights ! 
alright ! whos going out to get their hartley jersey ? who dat !!!! 
Going to the Mortuary this weekend ... Anyone else going ? 
The Mortuary was Really cool . Way better than Last year ! 
is watching the movie Step Brothers .... 
anyone getting metal of honor for ps3 ? 
sexual harassment , does sexual harassment happen in your work place ? 
is watching Demoliton man .... 
Has anyone heard about FEMA giving more money out ? Whats that about ? 
Please fire Hartley ! He is useless ..... 
You're one ugggly Mother F@#%er ( In my < PROPMALE > scwarzenegger voice ) 
im as calm as the breeze , im the bees knees , his arms , and his legs . girl im a super < PROPFEMALE > !! 
claim has completed the initial review stage and now is being analyzed and calculated based on information provided by claimant . 
xbox kinect is off the chain ! 
< PROPMALE > got me working harder than < PROPFEMALE > man in a shoe factory over at his office . 
Some people r scared of clowns , others bugs , I'm scared of animals with human like hair . Its just very creepy looking , its not right ... What r some other things that creep u out ? 
Call of duty tonight . If u want some come and get it ... 
Pretty crazy day today , My cat got locked in the closet and i went to eat breakfast , came home found him blood all over hurt his paw trying to get out , Then someone shot my neighbor's dog , chased it then shot it through the eye . 
WARNING KENNERS CICI'S PIZZA LAST WEEK . \ 
Im taking a piss looking around they have hair , stains , pee , creatures not discovered yet by scientist on this urinal . next i know im puking all over cause of how gross it is . Go to wash up then start thinking , & once again im puking all over the mirror & facuet , after finally give myself a wink and a smile and leave . Please Don't use their bathrooms ! 
So I'm watching the news and the big highlight says \snooki the next < PROPFEMALE > Stewart ? \ " what the hell ? Am I missing something ? " 
playing DC universe on Playstation ... 
Setting up Friday for my 2nd ghost investigation inside the mortuary . :) 
A customer lost their tooth in the casino on the floor . Do we bring it to lost and found ? Lol ... 
Can't wait till warmer weather .. 
Quote of the day \ This wedding is horse shit ! \"" 
Does anyone have netflix on xbox 360 that uses the party mode ? 
If you and I are in jail for something we did the night before , what would we have done ? 
is listening back to the Voice Recorder , \Evps\ " from the mortuary investigation . A few of us smelled burning like a match . { I can promise n o-o ne had matches } Thinking what it could have been ? " 
I think i want to be an animal cop ..... 
So we all hear the younger generation say that you are getting old . I want to know what is the official age that you are an old geezer ? Or maybe it depends ? 
is playing fight night champion ... 
Drunk Rockband is always fun !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
If you work for Entergy and you are on my friends list . Please delete yourself and save me the hassle . I don't care if you just work there . \ You Suck Too ! \"" 
If older women that like younger men are called cougars . What do you call old men who like younger women ? 
