Today is the most beautiful day . 

Today is < PROPFIRST > and my anniversary 9 years omg how time flies 
my house , car and truck just got piant balled , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas To me . 
Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > and please be safe tonight hope everyone's year starts off with a bang . 
I love my mother . For all of you who aren't to proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you to be the great person you are today ... Please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Some people no longer have their moms here to appreciate but we can still say thanks for their love . I love you mom . 
on a cabinet next to the front door 
According to urban dictionary.com < PROPFEMALE > a girl that is very stubborn but at the same time can be the greatest friend on the planet . She loves pizza and is absolutley gorgeous . She is loved by everybody and F_ _ _king Hilarious . 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with wich I will never part . God has you in his keeping I have you in my heart . Repost if you have aloved one in heaven . Miss you so much brother . 
POLICE OFFICERS work the streets day & night to keep us safe , leaving their family to care for yours . So far in 2010 there have been 123 officers killed in the line of duty Thats 123 people who can never kiss their wife / husband , parents or kids again . This is Police Officer Appreciation Week ( REPOST if you are a Police Officer , love an officer , or appreciate an officer . 
If one day you feel like crying ... call me . I don't promise that I will make you laugh but I can cry with you . If one day you want to run away do not be afraid to call me . I don't promise to ask you to stop ... but I can run with you . If one day you don't want to listen to anyone ... call me I promise to remain quiet . But one day if you call and there is no answer ... Come fast to see me . Maybe I need You !!! 
