wish i had the internet . 

loves her boys ! 
is very sad . Our first client we ever had son died this last week and we didn't know about it until today and the funeral was tuesday so we missed it . She was our first client way back January 2008 . he was a senior in highschool and wanted to be a medi 
had a WONDERFUL birthday party for Jency today ! 
can't think of anything to put here 
life is good 
thinks Tesher might be getting this sleeping thing down ... either that or he's just really tired from his shots , haha ... probably the last one , just my luck 
Tesher is 6.5 months old 21 #2 . 5 and 27 \!!!" 
is tired but happy ! 
has no idea how we are going to pay off the debt we got from not having any work this year ! 
wishes my little one would only wake 1x at night like he used to .. instead of 4 or 5 
Thanks everyone that commented on our photos ! I don't have time to thank individually but I wanted everyone to know that it ment alot to us ! 
is going to rent a movie tonight and hope Tesher sleeps well while jency is at Nano's house so that we can have a good couples evening ! 
is glad this week has gone so well and hopes that this coming week goes just as well or better ! 
this has been a bad day ! 
had a VERY good day ... lets just hope that keeps up during the night ! Last night Jency was up every 30 minutes till 2am ! Then Tesher was up at 2:30 and 6:30 . 
is SUPER excited for todays Jubilee Back to School Block Party !! 
Tesher has been been up ever 2.5 hours for the last 2 nights !! AHAH !! Oh ya and in cases I didn't say it before ... he has 1 TOOTH ! 
so now I was up all night last night throwing up and haven't been able to get out of bed today without falling over ... thank goodness its only a short lived one ... but its a good way to loose theose few extra pounds , now the key is to keep it off lol 
had a good day at the lake yesturday and a WONDERFUL time at church this morning ! 
everyone is sick ... tesher is having 11 dirty diapers a day and has extremely bad diaper rash ... Jency has having his issues ... and we all have head colds ... 
canned 6 jars of plum jam last night and made homemade spagetti sauce ! 
is SO excited about my new hair cut !! I haven't had it cut ( just trimmed ) since May 2004 !!! 
is extremely tired and i think i'm coming down with a cold again . 
my 7th anniversary is tomorrow !!! 
its our 7th anniversary ! and we have a LONG trip home today ! 
is emotionally exahsted . But I know what I need to do and I'm on my way to getting it done ! I feel like < PROPMALE > in SO many ways . When your inadiquate for something God will call you to do that ... and when He does He doesn't care if you have those qualities or not because He will equip you with what He needs . 
OMG I have 4 different things that I'm helping with and/or planning for next fall !! 
got Tesher's room cleaned , Jency's room cleaned , and the bathroom cleaned , walked 1.5 < PROPMALE > while pushing 60# in 85 degree weather ... started on switching the boys clothes out for the fall ... now the livingroom and kitchen look like 3 tornado hit them .. 4 year old , 3 year old , and 8 month old tornados 
hates when the kids are sick on sunday because we have to miss church !! 
here's to hoping for a good week !! 
is having a rough day . But \tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it . \"" 
is glad her sister is here for a visit 
Is very tired . Feels caught up with house work but over whelmed with the extra stuff that I feel needs to be done . 
Chained : FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT-If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often please post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Jency can name at least 20 Nascar Drivers their < PROPFIRST > and sponsors !! Tesher is standing on his own and trying to take a step !! Boy ... I got some talented Boys !! 
Okay so Tesher is 24 #10 . 5 and 29.5 \ !!!! At this exact time Jency was 19 #13 and 28\ " . Tesher is now going into size 18 month clothes !!! NNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOO !! I want my < PROPFEMALE > baby back !!! " 
Is SO HAPPY ! I had such a wonderful night tonight at my jewelry party ! Got to see < PROPFEMALE > ( the consultant ) that I grew up with in the nursery ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > that I haven't seen since we graduated almost 10 years ago ! And < PROPFEMALE > a mom from my Ranger Family !!! 
TESHER WALKS ! 
A woman uses her intelligence to find reasons to support her intuition . < PROPMALE > K . Chesterton 
Tesher ate dog poop ... enough said 
It was a sad race today . 
Is trying to figure out what to do next with my life . 
Happy Halloween ! Had a WONDERFUL time at Jubilee's Harvest Party !! 
I'm SO EXCITED !! My Bestfriend is going to be here in ONE WEEK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is so extremely tired and I have NO idea why ! 
SO STRESSED !!!! 
well tesher loved the snow but was not too fond of having all that stuff on him . Hated going out with snow suite , coat , boots , hat , gloves ect ... but ones we got all that off he was ready to go out and play ! LOL silly kid , could careless how cold and wet it was . --- Oh and pray for our trip tomorrow . We have to drive over the mountains and last time we did that ( without snow ) it took us 9 hours !!! 
just got all the pictures from this weekend up ! We had a TON of fun !! 
The boys got good gifts ... not alot but good ones and that is what I like !! 
My baby will be one tomorrow !!! December 31 at 5:10 pm !!!! 
45 minutes to go and my baby will be ONE !!!! 
Wow how God transforms people and situations and brings people who NEVER thought they would ever be friends into an amazing friendship and untiy . Thank you Crysty Harper Fiorello for the wonderful chat today ... never thought I'd ever say this , lol , but I wish we could spend more time together talking about how far God has brought us ! 
tan/nude 
Doctors don't know ... mommas know best 
I am tired 
had a fun time at MOPS pajama day this morning !! Came home and took a nap then did 45 minutes of arobics on the Wii Fit !! Now getting some computer time in at the labrary ! 
well I still have to sweep and mop the kitchen and bathroom and clean our room and Tesher's room but the rest of the house is done ! YAE 
so who all on my friends still goes to myspace ? 
I loved a spoon on your car because the voices told me to . So dumb . 
post one word that makes you think of me . 
Is done for the night . Check out < PROPFIRST > and my new business pages !!! 
is very hopeful !! 
isn't feeling good today . 
getting the parts tomorrow ! No more boiling water for baths !! 
has had quite the experience and learned a ton the last 36 hours !! 
got to take a walk with the boys today it was SO nice !! YAE !! 
Tomorrow is going to be busy !! 9am womens breakfast ( if I can make it ) , 11:30 am take Jency to Pizza Hut/Chucky Cheeses for a kids church lunch , 5:00 pm boys have a girthday party to attend at chick-fil-a . 
is having a great relaxing week with her boys !! 
anyone noticed the sign at hollywood video ? anyone crack up everytime they see it ? \Free Kids\ " \ " No Return Due Date \"" 
has all our tax stuff together ... now to get them filed ... I think we will brake even this year ... at least we won't have to pay anything out . 
< PROPFIRST > has a one week job !! Then a possibility of a 5 week job !!! PLEASE PRAY he gets it and soon !!! Jency is pooping every day !!! Tesher is sleeping through the night !!! I AM BLESSED AND HAPPY !!! 
can anyone see this !! 
< PROPFIRST > got the job and has work for at least 6 weeks if not 8 weeks !!!! And we got our credit card APRs lowered !!! So hopefully things are going to get better this year ( financially ) and we can get the internet back !!! 
< PROPFIRST > is on cloud 9 having a job and all ! But Tesher is now back to not sleeping good again , either he has what Jency did at the beginning of the week or he is working on his 12 month molars ! Horrible ! I told Jency he was a pill and he replied \I have to be\ " I said why he said \ " because that is what boys do \"." 
Has had a long day . 
needs some encouragement ... or something anyway 
gota mini massage today and told my back is really messed up ! lol now if I could only find the money to go to the Chiro and get a real massage . 
anyone have any experience with hypoglycimic ( sp ? ) or low blood pressure symptoms ? 
is still feeling sick and has no idea what it is . Ick ! I don't like this ! 
ug , Tesher insists on getting everything off the dresser and then standing on the whole pile ... then smiling at me with his big accomplished dimpled grin and curly hair ...!!! 
ah , good thing I haven't cleaned the bathroom yet ... some one decided to \help\ " clean the mirror ... " 
Feeling much better today . I think I was just getting a little dehydrated and low on vitamin B ... in return causing my blood pressure to drop some , my blood sugar to drop a bit , and my red blood cells to dewindle ... can you tell I've been doing some research ? I hope that was all it was anyway . 
Had an AWESOME day at my great grandpa's 95th birthday party ! SO much fun to see most of the family and be back in Montrose ! 
Reflecting on the last year without < PROPFIRST>'s dad . It is a bitter sweet day . We all miss him SO much . 
I need prayers for Strength Patients and Endurance ... BADLY !! 
OMG !! are you freakin serious !!! Vienna over Tinley !!! NO WAY !!! 
Well ... guess who learned to climb onto the kitchen chairs ? 
Sing to the LORD , for he has done glorious things ; let this be known to all the world . - < PROPMALE > 12:5 
I'm so happy its warm out ! I hope it stays thatway because I can't wait to line dry the laundry again !!! 
is really worried about Tesher today . He won't eat ANYTHING .. and this is my kid that never stops eating ! 
It's firstborn child appreciation week ! Make your firstborn your profile picture and post birth stats in comments ... 
Motivation ... Lord I need more motivation ... that and time . 
“Search me , O God , and know my heart ; test me and know my anxious thoughts . See if there is any offensive way in me , and lead me in the way everlasting . ”- Psalm 139:23 -24 
Molars , Oh Molars , why < PROPMALE > thou so cruel ? 
It's second born child appreciation week ! Make your secondborn your profile picture and post birth stats in comments ... 
Reading through Galatians this week ! 
Okay so I'm looking at my profile and I have TONS of \commented/likes\ " that I've put on others profiles/stutus/pics but don't have any for mine ! Such a LOOSER !! " 
< PROPFIRST>'s working today :( 
new kids department looks FANTASTIC !! I LOVE IT !! Good job everyone ! 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ... Montrose , CO 
AH !! So frustrating ! I took some pictures ... was on my way to the computer to download them ... had to do something else ... and now can't freakin figure out what I did with it and I can't find it !!! 
WOO HOO GOING FOR A WALK WITH THE BOYS !!!!! 
Both my boys are wearing super hero costumes and it is SO cute BUT I CAN\T TAKE A PICTURE BECAUSE I CAN\ " T FIND THE STUPID CAMERA !!! ( Tesher is batman and Jency is Spiderman ) " 
boys had green eggs ( yes I died the yokes and whites green ) with oatmeal having green sugar on them . I have searched the bathroom and kitchen and kids toy baskets and no camera . And there was something else but now I can't remember . 
woo hoo ! I got a free double jogging stroller today ! It is awesome !! Makes running with the boys SO much easier !!! Oh ya and it is so nice out and we all love it and I'm going to be SO bummed this weekend if it really does get nasty ! And ... still no camera .... 
< PROPFIRST > GOT PAID !!!! WOO HOO !! The company hadn't paid him for 3 weeks . I cleaned Tesher's room today ( moved everything ) But still ... no camera 
anyone for a play date this week ? 
Oh my goodness ! My children are in horrible moods and driving me crazy today ! 
ah what a day ! 
watching ' minute to win it\ " , 201 0-0 3-22 01:15:03 " 
rough draft #2 done . 
SURVEY TIME !!! 
SURVEY : DO YOU AGREE WITH THE HEALTH PLAN ? IF SO WHAT DO YOU LIKE ABOUT IT ? IF NOT WHAT DO YOU WISH IT WOULD HAVE BEEN OR WOULD NOT ? PLEASE DO NOT COMMENT ON WHAT OTHERS SAY JUST POST YOUR OPINION . 
normally I'm indifferent to mondays ... but today ... it is a BAD ONE !!! 
I have been up since 4am with kids , I haven't eaten anything today , I've been told what a horrible person I am because I can't afford to get a hair cut , the government is taking over our lives , my husband is depressed , and I can't make anyone happy and I feel like sitting and crying my eyes out . 
I can't wait until May I can't wait until May I can't wait until May !!! 
I tell ya , I should NEVER be allowed to handle cameras ! < PROPFIRST > got the old one out of the truck ( he uses to for work ... lol you have to tape the batteries in ) and I used it saturday ... I haven't seen it since !!! 
< PROPFIRST > just asked Jency how is racing was going and Jency told him \Its kind of concerning \"" 
Haha < PROPFIRST>'s chewing out the credit card company haha , its kinda funny ... long story 
excited to go see some old school friends tonight !! 
Had an Awesome time tonight with old friends ! I love you < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I am SO freakin stressed out and upset and having SUCH a bad week and I just feel like blowing up ( litterally ... you know my body blowing up into little peices) ! 
had a wonderful much needed alone night with my husband . Went ressurection sunday shopping for the boys presents ! Slept in this morning and got to have a full conversation ! Then we tore down the garden fence and moved it about 5 feet and put it back up and rototilled ( spelling ? ) about half of it ! 
well ... burnt thet chicken topping and the chicken itself turned out to be dry ... got a little too much something in the biscuts ... the only thing that turned out was the pasta salad and that was out of a box !!! 
well races were rained out apperantly ... made for a very unhappy little boy that we PROMISED could watch the race 
hm ... we moved the flower garden in the front to let the grass take over ( crab grass ) and now I have all kinds of flowers ( mostly tulips ) coming up in the middle of my yard ! Hm ... not that my yard didn't already look a mess HAHA . At least it will have lots of colors ! 
Its a bright < PROPFEMALE > day and I'm hoping it gets warm too !!! 
WOO HOO !! RACES ARE ON !! GO BOYS GO !! WHAT A GOOD DAY ! warm , < PROPFEMALE > , bright , kids slept good , races are on and I feel good march is almost over !!! YAE to a good start to the week !! 
LOL Jency is so excited about becoming a < PROPMALE > Ranger in August ! It must be in his blood ! Grandpa Holden would be SO proud and I know Papa is ! 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , a chauffer , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off . I work through the day and some of the night . I am under paid and over worked . Now , tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a ... MOM !!!!!! 
has two silly boys 
Tesher soak through his diaper so I took it off this morning right away . well I was getting another ... he peed on the floor ... now he thinks its funny 
hope the weather stays nice because its laundry day ! 
poor Jency got bullied today . The teacher told me he had because he's so much smaller then the rest of the kids . STUPID ENCOPRESIS !! He has lost growth since having it and he is no longer the same size or bigger then the other kids ... hes the small one . He came home in tears and didn't want to go back ... he said he'd rather sit with me in my class ! Its so sad ! 
TESHER JUST FOUND THE CAMERA !!!!! 
woke up and it was raining ... had lunch and the wind was blowing ... put the boys for nap/quiet time and the sun started shining ... thought we might take a walk when the boys got up ... started turning < PROPFEMALE > again about then ... now its dinner and its snowing ... ah the life of a coloradoan 
MOPS is having an Antiquities Fund Raiser . The pictures are wonderful and make great Mother's Day gifts . I have coupons for a FREE 10x13 for $10 , that includes the sitting fee if anyone would like one . 
Easter egg hunt ... good , Family dinner in Montrose with my uncles and aunts and some cousins and their kids ... wonderful fun ! Boys easter presents are out and ready ... Chicks are asleep and waiting for boys in the morning ... excitement !! 
The best and most wonderful and worthy holiday of the year ! For our house we try to make it the biggest holiday or at least as big and wonderful as Christmas is ! So glad Jency knows the real reason for Ressurection Sunday ! 
Hoping to get back on track today ! :) 
minus the choclate < PROPFEMALE > I think I've done pretty good today ... eat pretty well ... exercised ... took out the trash ... did the dishes ... picked up the livingroom and kitchen ... cleaned the bathroom ... took a . 25mile run to catch the dog that excaped ... and pulled Tesher around the back yard in the sled ( no we don't have snow ) 
Jency had decided ( before they got them ) that the black chick would be Tesher's and the Yellow one his ( someone over heard us talking ) ... well now he has named them ... Charlie ( black ) & Clawer ( yellow ) 
I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE ! I don't know how much more of this encopresis I can handle ! Between Jency and Tesher teething I feel like I'm going insane ! I feel like I'm loosing it and I am having such a short temper with my kids ... and I don't like that either which makes everything worse !! 
We had a wonderful morning with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today ! It was much fun ! This afternoon the boys and I are going to go out and see baby goats at the Erkman's house ! What a FUN FUN DAY !!! Except I think I'm fighting off a cold , I'm so tired ! 
has a wonderful husband ! He got off work early today and went and got my cold meds ( we didn't have any in the house) ! 
why is it when you find a product you really like the next time you go to buy it you can't find it anywhere ? 
okay people ! I have 235 friends ! If you all donate $3 dollars I will surpass my goal for the March for Babies !!! So come on DONATE $5 ... even you teens can donate $5 and we can double my goal amount !! 
Big day ! Took the boys to get some old time pics done . Then went to the park for lunch and ran into Lexi and watched Jordyn's soccer game , let the boys play on the play ground and in the sand . Came home and had a long nap , thanks to my wonderful husband . Got a $5 walmart card in the mail , < PROPFEMALE > sponsored my walk , and now we are having family night watching the RACES !!! 
I can't sleep ... 
Romans 12 : 2 : ‘Do not be conformed to this world , but be transformed by the renewal of your mind , that by testing you may discern what is the will of God , what is good and acceptable and perfect . ’ 
Oh ! thus be it ever , when freemen shall stand . Between their loved home and the war's desolation ! Blest with victory and peace , may the heav'n rescued land Praise the Power that hath made and preserved us a nation . Then conquer we must , when our cause it is just , And this be our motto : \In God is our trust . \ " And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave ! " 
So these guys came to do a look at the house ... Jency was watching word world .... and the guy mentioned that they might look at the ducts ... Jency then proclaimed \No they are chicks \"..." 
anyone know of a good diabetes recipe ? For a main dish ( meat ) a side dish and a dessert 
hey just asking for some prayers today . I'm undertaking something that is a BIG risk/step for me and i really need some prayers on this ! Thanks ! 
TESHER IS DRIVING ME INSANE TODAY !!! 
How long does it normally take to get a tax return back ( direct deposit ) . We filed on 2/28 and it was sent in by 3/5 and we haven't gotten anything ! 
well I've been doing pretty well with my training . I've been running/walking 5 < PROPMALE > the last 2 days ... unfortunantly it hasn't been all at once with the kid interuptions . but tomorrow I am planning on Jency taking a nap at the same time as Tesher and getting a good 5 mile run in on the wii fit ! 
We think the neighbor is trying to poison our dogs ! We are planning on using our tax returns to put in a privacy fence but we won't get that until May ! Hopefully they don't succeed by then ! 
President Obama has decided that there will no longer be a \National day of prayer\ " held in May . He doesn't want to offend anybody . Where was his concern about offending Christians last January when he allowed the Muslims to hold a day of prayer on the capitol grounds . As a Christian American \ " I am offended . \ " if you agree copy and paste no matter what religion you are ! " 
Got our tax returns back !!! WOO HOO !! Now to get busy planning and getting prices ! We are going to pay off a credit card/put in a privacy fence/extend my garden/ maybe paint the house , and if there is enough left over put in a sprinkling system and some gutters ! I'm so excited , my house looks trashed and now we can make it look nice ! 
I'm over a 1/3 of the way to my goal !! Thank You Everyone !! 
So just looked up an old movie , that very few people have seen , on amazon . I thought since it wasn't a big movie I could find a cheap one ... NO , the cheapest I could find was $30 !! 
Proverbs 3:5 . 6 - Trust in the Lord With all thine Heart and < PROPFEMALE > not to thine own understanding . In all thy ways acknowledge him , and he will direct thy paths . 
Had a really nice time in Montrose visiting with my grandma !! The food turned out good too ! 
I am SO blessed and Thankful !! 
feeling very emotional in a good way ... wimsical and romantically ... you know lovin summer and lovin love and happy emotional ... 
so when they say they will get back to you in 7-10 days and you don't hear from them on day 7 ... is that a good sign or a bad sign ? 
day 8 ... no news ...? 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ Will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week . 
Every vision is birthed through a burden 
day 9 ... nothing , trying to remember its in God's hands 
what cell phone company do you have ? 
Last call for sponsors !! I have to have it all in tonight and I haven't reached my goal yet !!!!! Oh , and its family night ! Pizza and < PROPFEMALE > land . 
Important : New addition in the privacy settings of FB : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow \"-- it's at the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > . Please copy & paste . " 
ah ... being a mother of boys ... Jency will know have another scar to add to his collection ... right on the forhead ... again 
Well this is been an emotionally draining day ! Not only did Jency put a whole in his head the dogs decided to tear eachother up ! We have had them for 7 years and they have NEVER faught or anything close to it ! And then today I had to pull them apart and there was some drops of blood ! I am still shook up over this . Never have they EVER done anything like this !!! 
It was an awesome walk ! Had lots of fun but now my leg is hurting really bad ! The boys had a fun time with all the food and bump and jumps and everything . Was deffinently worth it and I plan to do it again next year !! 
I'm in absolute and udder dispair !! I'm so confused and sad and .... oh my goodness shocked and my head is swirling ! Pastor you are one of the best pastors I have ever had ( and I've had quite a few ) and we LOVE you SO SO SO much !!! 
Good race ! I have to say Talladega is one of the most interesting races . I love the team work that comes out . Although this race was not a ' sit on the edge of the seat ' race it was still good . < PROPFIRST > was very happy with < PROPFIRST > Harvicks win , he's been wanting that for awhile now . 
For once I am truely at a loss for an update on my life ... pretty normal life at this point ... very confusing and forever changing ! 
Trying to see how many femininized ( I know not a world ) male names there are ... Not like boy names used on girls , but boys names turned into girls names such as : < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Williamina , Fredrica , ect ... so anyone think of any more ? 
So we have started on the side fence ... hopefully gonna get that done by sunday ... then we will be planting the garden , yae ! That's about it from this spot on the globe . 
Okay so everyone that is complaining about the snow ... It was , or at least should have been , expected ... it snowed May 1 , 2005 and I know that VERY well ! If you've lived in Colorado your whole life you should know this is normal . 
I'm dreaming of a white ... spring time ... 
oh my goodness , such drama , Jency is CRYING his eyes out because he saw a picture of 3 of my cousins when they were little and even though he knows them now ( as teens ) he is horribly upset and stating that it is not fair that he didn't get to see them as little kids ! 
“Instead , speaking the truth in love , we will in all things grow up into him who is the Head , that is , Christ . ” Ephesians 4:15 
ah life is good ... even if it is confusing and hard and stressful most of the times ... hope is always there 
The winds of change are a blowin ... Leap and Soar on the wings of eagles ... let the water rise higher ... 
one of the hardest verses in the Bible- “Don’t be selfish ; don’t try to impress others . Be humble , thinking of others as better than yourselves . ” ( < PROPMALE > . 2:3 ) 
wish us luck ! I just moved Tesher into Jency's room ! :{ 
I know I have been on alot today but I have alot going on in my life and alot to say ! so with in the last week we have gone from completely comfortable and satisifed and where we somewhat wanted to be .... now we have topsy turvied and are completely in the opposet place . We are embarking on a new journey and new territory that we are not familiar with and old territory we don't like to be familiar with . 
Oh I LOVE this ! Such a Perfect verse for right now !! ' God gives helpful advice to everyone who obeys him and protects those who live as they should . God sees that justice is done , and he watches over everyone who is faithful to him . With wisdom you will learn what is right and honest and fair . ' Proverbs 2:7 -9 
Wow ! What God can do with people ready to do his will . Today was a big hit and I was suprised at how many people came to seek God in a real way ! 
' Remember that I have commanded you to be determined and confident ! Do not be afraid or discouraged , for I , the LORD your God , am with you wherever you go . ' < PROPFIRST > 1:9 
I'm bored 
ordering stuff for my next few Tastefully Simple Parties !! FUN FUN !! If you had to host one and get free products let me know ! 
I should have been born around 1850-1900 but I LOVE LOVE LOVE music from 1920-1940's!!!! 
ah all the filing done ! End of the month statements done ! Account info updating done ! Bills written up done ! and my house was in the same state after as when I left it 4 hours earlier ! LOVED having mama < PROPFIRST>'s girls over ! Highly recommend it to every mother ! 
its very satisfying , in the midst of the storm , to know that I'm in God's will , everything is working out the way it should , and I am made for this exact purpose and place ... and because I am made this way I can DO whatever GOD has CALLED me to DO !! 
did you know there is a Colorado City TX and a Colorado City AZ ... there is just something very wrong with that . 
eyeyeye ... have so much do to ! cleaning the house grocery shopping and packing for 4 all in one day ! Tomorrow will be a busy one ! 
so I just found the stove I want ... its $8500 !! Nope , aint getten that till I'm old and gray ... the matching fridge is $4000 !! 
and we're off ! Tomorrow morning we will be going to Pueblo until Tuesday ! Ranger Rodeo , watching Nascar with uncles ( from Jency's perspective ) , Mother's Day Breakfast and Church , Bowling/Date ( for < PROPFIRST > and I ) ... should be fun ! 
Update : Yesturday we went to the Ranger Rodeo and hada blast ! had some ranger family there and < PROPFIRST>'s bestfriend was there that we haven't ween in 4 years !! So that was really nice for him . Today we went to breakfast with < PROPFIRST>'s mom and 2 of his brothers , then we went to the church and saw some old friends , then to < PROPFIRST>'s to see her new appartment and < PROPMALE>'s to see his new house ! 
lazy day today ... then a dinner and bowling date 
Tesher was sick yesturday and very clingy so it was hard to leave him last night . But we had a WONDERFUL and FUN time with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > having pizza and bowling . 
hey everyone ! We are having a yard sale at our house the 14th and 15th and then at my parents house on the 21st and 22nd !!! Please come !! there will be some kids stuff , and lots of furniture ! 
trying to pick out colors for the trim on our house ... not going very well 
very giddy and excited !! 
woo HOO ! Got the paint for the main part of the house and the paint for the accent color ! Now to do the painting and decide on a trim color !! SO EXCITING ! 
DON'T FORGET OUR YARDSALE TOMORROW !!! 3208 Downey Cir W < PROPMALE > CO 
Ah how wonderfully God provides in ways we NEVER expected !!! 
For a FB mommy's daughter AUDRIN < PROPMALE > . Hold\ 
the family up in prayer today . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed\ 
with Stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you dont know \ 
her , God knows .. Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a\ 
prayer for that little girl ( Please ... ) and God Bless you for doing\ 
it ! ( How could any mom or anybody NOT repost ? ) PRAY FOR THIS CHILD . 
Ah how wonderfully God provides in ways we NEVER expected !!! \ 
\ 
Don't forget our yard sale tomorrow !! 
had an awesome reunion planning meeting ! We are going to have a BLAST !! 
church was good today , just wish 2 or 3 people would vollunteer to do kids room sometimes . I haven't actually gotten to fully listen to a sermon in over a month or more ! Now off to work on the garden ... finally getting it planted . 
planting the garden today , putting laundry away today , making phone calls today , sending off stuff in the mail today , maybe we can paint one side of the house today ! BUSY 
well , my garden looks more like a graveyard then a garden ... and we decided to extended the garden another 2 feet next year !! 
we bought a micro suade glider before Jency was born . It needs cleaned BAD ! Any advice on how to do that or what to use or anything like that would be VERY HELPFUL ! Thanks ! 
wow ! I can do all our laundry in 3 loads now ! WOO HOO for new ( used/free ) washing machines !!! 
G.K. Chesterton : “When men cease to believe in God , they do not thereafter believe in nothing , they then become capable of believing anything . ” 
Thank you to all you that put your maiden names on your facebook !!!!! I wish EVERYONE did !!! 
OMG ! Tesher has hit the terrible twos and he's not even 17 months old yet !!! I'm in for it !! But oh is it too cute the way he folds his arms when he's mad ! and heaven forbid you do it back to him ! 
Trying to see if there is a PAYING proffession I can go into for what I want to do ... but all I come up with are non-paying ministries LOL 
ATTENTION !!! Fox 5 news reported : DO NOT join\ 
the group currently on facebook with the title \Becoming a father or\ 
BUSY weekend !! tonight we are taking yardsale stuff to my parents and going to the grand openning of Cabela's and then me and at least one boy is spending the night at my parents . Tomorrow we have the yardsale and I have a meeting with the Valley Visions program , then Saturday it is Yardsale again ! 
anyone remember that site that I posted a few months back that was info on people and you needed to set it to private ? 
It looks like the american people are starting to wake up !! 
Tesher is getting his first haircut . 
Ug what a day . First I felt prompted to go home ( from my mom's ) and when I did the dog was gone . We think the nieghbor coaxed him into their yard ... long story . Then I just found out my great grandpa is in the hospital . Please pray for him and our family ! 
Thoughts for the moment on some new news : of all the ... are you freakin serious ? ... Really . Its just my luck . AAAHHHH !!!! Okay I feel a little better now . 
WOO HOO we got into Mesa Valley Vision !!! 
Its Pentecost Sunday !!! If you claim to be pentecostal do you really know what it means ? Is your church emphasizing the importance if this day ? Is your church even recognizing this day ? Is your church teaching what it means to be pentecostal ? 
Its Pentecost Sunday Its Pentecost Sunday !! So exciting !!! I was 12 at the big revival we had at Grand Junction First Assembly ! 
< PROPFIRST > is back working WOO HOO ! I have had a very productive day ! 
Jencys ear area is all swollen and tenderagain ... just like a few years ago when we thought he had mumps . 
really really frustrated !!!! 
Good day ! got lots done and everyone is happy ! 
Ah Life is Good ! 
God's intervention prayers needed to work on two hearts please join me in prayer for this unspoken request !!! Thank You ! 
OH my goodness ! my 3 boys are SO darn CUTE ! 
please pray for my extended family and us . It seems we are under satans attacks right now in a possibly very bad way ! 
Please PLEASE PLEASE pray for our family right now !!! 
Romans 8:35 : Can anything ever separate us from Christ's love ? Does it mean He no longer loves us if we have trouble or calamity , or are persecuted , or hungry , or destitute , or in danger , or threatened with death ? 37 : No , despite all these things , overwhelming victory is ours through Christ , who loved us . 
hm ... so Jency wants to same birthday theme this year as last year ... is that allowed ? 
Sometimes I have to wonder what goes on in peoples heads to get ideas and thoughts that they do ... and then I have to wonder some more on how they could fathum acting on these ideas and thoughts . Really , it baffles me . 
I have a white baby ;) 
ah I love mondays ! I get SO much accomplished . By bedtime I will have had some devotion time ( 5min ) , the kitchen will be clean , the livingroom will be clean , the bathroom clean , had time with the boys , school with boys , time with my husband , exercised , me time , and boys clean and in bed ! Ah mondays are good ! 
Proverbs 4:5 -6 Get wisdom ; develop good judgment . Don’t forget my words or turn away from them . Don’t turn your back on wisdom , for she will protect you . Love her , and she will guard you . 
Jency has been quite the character today . First he wanted some < PROPFIRST > Khane pop for his birthday ... and after questioning I discovered he thought that was Dr. Pepper , He wants a real gun , he knows all about weather because he watches the news , Rascle ( his make believe dinosaur ) is on his way home from Africa and he can change colors daily and is 10 feet tall and road in a plane that was 10 feet tall ... 
Park Day Tomorrow 10am < PROPMALE > Park ! Eveyone welcome ! 
2 Corinthians 12:9 which says , \My grace is all you need for my power is greatest when you are weak . \"" 
are you kidding me ? The highschool doesn't have a list anywhere of the graduating class of 2000 !!! Um talk about bad records !! 
People with at least 1 unusual name are so much easier to find LOL . 
Okay I'm done for the night ... finding people is hard work ... especially if you didn't know them ! 
done with phase one ! Think I'll take a few days off before starting phase two . 
Its hot ... and its suppose to be hotter tomorrow ( 102 ) and I have no air conditioning :( 
I would rather be in hot humid weather then in hot dry weather ... I know , I'm weird . But since I am in hot dry weather I might as well be thankful for it so .... \ 
Day 1 of I'm thankful for hot dry weather becuase : It takes 1/2 the time to dry my clothes outside as it does in the drier . by the time I get the last item < PROPMALE > up I can go back to the first and start taking them down ! 
Oh well thats nice . The water pipe thingy to the AC broke . So now my ceiling is leaking water all over my floor and I don't have any AC . 
is verizon down again 
trying to figure out a cake for Jency's birthday party ! 
I've been with verizon for 12 years ... but I think next year when our contract is up we may not be with them anymore ... especially if this happens again before then ! 
something must be in the air ... everyone seems to be exhausted today . Both < PROPFIRST > and I woke up that way and now everyone one on facebook seems to be saying the same thing ! 
okay , know what I'm doing for the cake ... now to figure out HOW to do it is another story ! 
some people are so cruel to their own family its disgusting . 
had a wonderful play date with < PROPFEMALE > today and an AWESOME meeting of planning for < PROPMALE > !! SO SO excited at the way God orchastrates things and places people in your paths for different purposes ! 
3 weeks until Jency turns 5 !!! 
HELLO !! Are you okay ?? Your staring at my wall !! 
trying to organize the schoolroom a bit so we can start decorating in a few weeks ! So exciting ! 
guess we won't be going fishing today ! I have a VERY VERY upset little boy ! 
Earth is not our Mother its our Sister ... we have the same Father , the same creator . \ 
Roll that up and go smoke it in your pipe Satan ! 
Ah life ! The closer we get to God and HIS will for us the more trash satan throws at us ! Thank God that this trash he is trying to throw at me has to do with strong christians that are helping me beat him down ! 
Does anyone in the GJ area know of any VBS's starting next monday ? Would you mind give me the info please ? 
For all of you in the GJ area that don't have a home church come join our church for a fathers day picnic with live blue grass music ! Free food and fun 11am Hawthorn Park ( on 4th street ) . 
just ordered our tickets for Toy Story 3 tomorrow night ! Got Jency's free ! 
Dusted and vaccumed the livingroom , ran a load of dishes , cleaned the outside of the fridge ( including washing magnets ) , cleaned the counters , picked up the schoolroom ( at least you can walk through it now ) ... and its only 9:45 !! If I can keep this up I may get all my work done today ! 
Turbo Jam- Wow , hope it works ! 
AMBERALERT !!!!!!!!! West Valley City , Ut little girl , 8 years old , \ 
picked upby two men driving a early-90s model white sedan , license \ 
plate : 9770Jor977AJ . Put this as your status please ! It could save her . \ 
This kidnapping is recent and it will only take 3 seconds to post . \ 
Please help . If it were your child ,... what would you \ 
... ... do ? Non-EmergencyDispatch : ( 801 ) 840-4000 
Planning Planning Planning ! Didn't realize SO much went into planning a reunion ! SO SO glad everyone on the commity is is willing to help eachother out ! 
Trying to update my family link tree ... ya with my family its getting a little croweded ... especially with all the halves and steps and extended ... wow how did they get way over there ? It is interesting . 
aye , its been one of those days . I feel iek my head is going to spin right off my head ! 
and it begins ! cakes here I come ! 
OMG ! I have found the BEST radio station in the world ! I am learning SO much about God and our Country ! Been listing for a few months and LOVE it !!! 
had a busy day , swept , mopped , dusted , vacuumed , water front lawn , took down laundry , made 2 cakes and cut them out and started frosting them , took the dog to get her hair cut , did dishes ... twice , cleaned up the back yard . Oh and I am so head over heels , full support for the SCLJ !!!! 
Cake looks aweful ! Jency is a bear because he is SO backed up !! I don't know how this party is going to go . 
Had a fun but busy day ! An AMAZING church service !! Fun filled day with family ( my parents , sister and her husband , < PROPFIRST>'s brohter and sister ) . Had a memorable evening at Jency's Rainbow graduation , Jordyn's Prim graduation and Lexi's Honor < PROPFEMALE > Crowning !! 
birthday-Done , graduation-Done ... now on to getting Jency's 1st few months of curriculum ready for July 12th , and making sure I have my first few units ready to start teaching friends at COTR August 4th !! Oh and of course continue to try and find my classmates for our 10 year reunion in September !!! October is going to be my R&R month !! 
anyone ever downloaded book recordings from the library ? I've tried twice now and my library card says I've downloaded them already but I don't have them on my computer and the website just goes to a blank < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My baby turns 5 at 12:51 pm today ! ITs the s tart of a new < PROPFEMALE > in our lives and it's bitter sweet ! 
Had a fun fun night last night ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > came over from Pueblo and we all went to Chucky Cheese's for Jency's birthday . We all had a TON of fun ! 
Can not wait till monday !! we have been SO busy this last week and it won't slow down until Monday ! 
Just met the neighbors behind us ! They are really nice and have a 5 year old boy and 2.5 year old girl ! They are really young but seem to have good parenting . They aren't Christians so I have a mission field !! YAE for finding nice neighbors ! 
hope it rains today 
gave myself a mini pedicure and now off to read some more of \out of the silent planet\ " by CS < PROPFIRST >!!" 
my babies voice is so sweet ! 
enjoying a spinach salad from my garden ! 
why can't things be a little bit flexible for the self-employed ? Our income fluxuates ( spelling ? ) so drastically from month to month , you gotta be flexible with us ! 
Poor baby got 3 shots today ! 
What is the best way , in your opinion , to get rid of the nasty ( mbu , pacifier ... whatever you call it) ? And why ? 
Prayers for my Aunt and Cousin tomorrow ! My Cousin is giving my Aunt a Kidney !! 
Going Hiking on the Mesa ... if I don't update by this time tomorrow ... send a search party ;) 
1st day of swimming lessons ! Went very well ! Tesher laughed the whole time he was in the water . He was just cracking up he loved it so much . Might have to put him in the more advanced class next round ... same wiht Jency . They are both love the water so much and did such a good job for their first day ! 
hehe . Tesher just streaked down the hall laughing and saying \Nay ee Bay ee\ " ( translated to Nakey Baby ) . " 
You can still add your name to the ACLJ letter to help support stopping the construction of the Mosque at ground zero . go to ALCJ.org or call 877-892-2255 
I have 5 pumpkins starting to grow on my pumpkin plant ... and now I have a bug KILLING IT !! Not happy ! 
was going to go to the fair tonight but Tesher only took an hour nap and woke up 1.5 hours early !! So guess it will be early to bed and no fair tonight ... haha that sounded funny 
God put us here for a reason . I must be patient . But I just really need a bigger yard ! 
well I thought it would pull through ... it looked like it would pull through ... but today :( There goes 6 beautiful < PROPFEMALE > little hopeful pumpkins ... stupid bugs ;( 
WIPEOUT WOO HOO !! 
Vent on Arizona Immigration Law- Beware ... read on if you dare ! 
well it looks as if the pumpkin isn't going to make it . It keeps fighting but I don't think its going to make it . On the other hand we harvested 3 ears of corn , a bunch of lettuce , onions & beets , 2 green beans , 3 cucumbers , and a green < PROPFEMALE > pepper ! Oh and a carrot ! 
Sometimes I wish we lived in the middle of no where with no one around . People stress me sometimes ! 
Its a thunderin ' so better turn off the computer now ! \ 
Oh and we have no more pacifiers ! 
We painted the trim of the house today ! Its the exact color I want ... looking at it inside ... we put some on some paper and it looked the right color outside ... but on the house it doesn't look anything like it ! \ 
Now all we have to do is build the shutters and paint them and < PROPMALE > them up ! 
um ... ya ... I need to win a new truck for my husband ... or at least the $$$ to buy him a new one . 
please pray for Jency . He hasn't gone for over a week and he WILL NOT let me give him any \medicine\ " which is the only thing that his body is responding to . We are trying to get an appointment for tomorrow but its with a different doctor ( our normal one doesn't have any opennings until the 17th ) pray that the doctor already has all the medical records and knows what is going on and can help ! " 
We have now added two more members to our pet family .. two toads and a swallowtail caterpillar . We just caught the latter today and we think it was just in time and is starting to make a crystallis . 
Update : The appointment went very well ! Read more below ! 
Sick Sick Sick ... 
so anyone know where to get the cheapest airfare or how to find when the cheapest air flight is , you know like dates don't matter , whatever is the cheapest . 
This day just isn't going as I planned it to . 
what goes with chili other then hot dogs ? 
well to all those that gave Jency money for his birthday ... he saved up enough to get ( in his words ) \My Own Buzz Lightyear ! \"" 
okay so my husbands got the carpenter thing down ... now he needs to learn the mechanical thing ! He had to get some stuff fixed on his truck ( that he couldn't do himself ) and it cost $276 for parts but $533 FOR LABOR ! And they only had the truck for 4 hours !! Good grief that's 2.5 days of labor for his job !!! 
My Camper is completely Clean !! Now to pack it up for the weekend ! My House is ... presentable . Now on to packing ! 
hm ... well ... I don't think we will be going camping again for awhile . What should have been a 2 hour drive and cost us $25 ended up being a 6 hours drive and cost us $1500 !!! On top of that we had to take Tesher to the HOSPITAL at 10pm last night ! ( read below for more detail ) 
Jency had his Kindergarten assesment yesturday ! He did SO good ! The lady we report to said that she has 6 kindergartners this year and his test was better then any of theirs . She said its the best she thinks she ever saw ! \ 
Sorry ... just had to brag ! 
Ihave carried a child within my body . I have comforted a baby upon my chest . My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a mother , and there is no greater honor or blessing !! Make this yourstatus if your proud to be a mother 
2 Chronicles 32:30 -31\ 
\ ... He succeeded in everything he undertook . But when envoys were sent by the rulers of Babylon \"...\" God left him to test him and to know everything that was in his heart . \"" 
embarking on a new business venture . : / 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YP31r70_QNM&feature=fvw 
Getting Tesher's staples out today and watching the races !! 
The one thing I liked better about myspace then facebook ... is I could make my profile colorful and pretty ! 
Tesher just climbed out of the play pen for the third time this week . 
any one have a tree with extra apples , peaches , or pears I can pick ? 
I need a girls night ... or a date night ... or just a me night ... I don't know why ... I just feel that way 
14 days 
ATTENTION !!!!! Do not join the group currently on Facebook with the \ 
title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " It \ 
So I think I'm going to take the doors off the schoolroom closet and have < PROPFIRST > build me a bunch of shelves and stuff to put all the kids school stuff in ... then the wall under the window I think I'm going to put the dresser . I want to get a new small computer desk as well to put next to my card table ( sewing table ) across from Jency's desk ... yes it will be crowded 
First night teaching Friends !! Yae I'm SO excited ! I have 7-8 girls !! We are going to have SO much fun !! 
Can't wait until fall !! It's almost here ! YAE ! 
Made Okra Creole and all the ingredients come from my garden ! 
God will come through ... I hope sooner then later though . 
So rumor has it that this Ground Zero Mosque is now going to be funded by tax payers money !!! \ 
What ever happened to the whole separation of church and state debate ? \ 
Hey ! maybe we can get a church building with Tax money now ! haha\ 
This is rediculous ! 
How many of us really know everybody on our facebook friends list ? Here's a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how we met . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same to you . It'll be interesting to see what results we will ... 
Had SO much fun with my middle school girls last night ! I have 7 and they are all so awesome !! 
We\ 
drift toward compromise and call it tolerance ; we drift toward \ 
disobedience and call it freedom ; we drift toward superstition and call \ 
it faith . We < PROPFEMALE > the indiscipline of lost self-control and call it \ 
relaxation ; we slouch toward prayerlessness and delude ourselves into \ 
thinking we have escaped legalism ; we slide toward godlessness and \ 
convince ourselves we have been liberated . ~ D.A. < PROPMALE > 
2 more weeks and one project is over an on to another one ! 
anyone know of a good place to get a nice hair cut ? I'm in need of one BADLY ! SOON ! 
Do you know what today is !?!? 
8 years ago today I married the man of my dreams ... my first true love ! 
LOL its raining ! Never fails to rain on our anniversary ! It did on our wedding ... from 6am-1pm and then from 5pm-10pm ... Our wedding was at 2pm !! 
Even though he will never read this because he refuses to have a facebook acount ... Happy Birthday to one of my favorite brothers ! 
can't wait to see how bad this day is going to get ! Its 8:50 am and Already the color on the TV has gone out and looks like one big Tie-die show , and < PROPFIRST > found all 22 cans of peaches I canned last week fizzing in the pantry ... yes , we will see if this is a record bad day ... we know things come in threes ... so what will be next ? 
only 12 more hours !! YAE ! 
So I had a dream with < PROPFIRST > Sandler in it last night ... hm ... wonder what that could mean . 
Fly the Flag High ! We Will NEVER FORGET ! 
Really people ? I'm not in the mood for this ! You are causing me stress !! ( not you ) 
Fun night last night ! Went to Montrose for my grandma's 75th b-day party and then got to see the space station as we drove home !! 
frustrating day . Satan is very much attacking today . 
BBQ'd elk stake , corn on the cob , fresh peaches , and homemade buttermilk biscuits with homemade pear butter ! YUM !! 
Its a new week . Things will go right this week ... right ? 
So I've decided since my hair is a mess and we don't have the money to fix it I'm just going to shave it off . Then my troubles will be no more ! 
My personal beautition , my mom , has come to my rescue and is trying to \fix\ " my hair . Keep your fingers crossed it at least comes out a normal looking color . Not really caring what at this point ... just normal . " 
So I didn't fit in my only semi-formal dress ... went shopping today for one . Nobody had hardly any dresses ! Whats up with that ? But I think I found one ... not what I planned ( LOL but what has been lately ? My hair is not the color nor the style I had planned on ) but it is a nice one . 
I can't find the camera ... Again 
When a man says he doesn't have any clothes to wear to normal means , He doesn't have anything clean to wear . When a women says she doesn't have any clothes to wear to normal means , She doesn't have anything new to wear . \ 
LOL can't remember where I heard this but its so true and funny ! 
Jency's first < PROPMALE > Ranger's awards service tonight !! 
I feel SO sick !! 
10 year reunion ... here we come !! 
God broke my heart tonight for an old friend . I have no idea how I'm going to reach out to this person but I hope God opens the doors for it . I would be the happiest person alive to see this person come to know the Lord . I just hope I am blessed enough to someday see it happen ! 
Had a fun but exahsting weekend ! 
praying for good news tomorrow for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday !!! 
Ug . I think all the stress in my life right now is causing me to come down with a cold ! 
Prayers Needed ! Thanks ! 
Selling a bunch of my baby stuff : baby bathtub , breast pump , breastflow bottle nipples , jumper , pregnancy books , nursing cover , maternity outfit ( shorts and tank ) , nursing breastfriend pillow ect ... \ 
Also a capacino maker , some white shelves , twin bed frame , oven ( cream , works ) , washer ( small , white)\ 
If anyone is interested please message me !! 
You know its kinda hard finding a job when you've only been self employed for the last 8 years and the places you were employed before that don't even exist anymore ! 
Tesher got his last tooth for about another year ! Really funny , he got his first tooth 2 months before Jency did and he is EXACTLY to the day the same age Jency was when he got his last tooth ( before the 2 year molars ) . But Jency got his 4 cuspids over a 8 week period and Tesher got his in 4 weeks ! Weird . 
Life ... not sure what to think right now 
AHAHAH !!! I CAN'T TAKE THIS ANY MORE !!! 
At\ 
the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom \ 
doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At \ 
16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : Mom’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does \ 
know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder\ 
what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about \ 
this . Post if you have the best Mom in the world ! 
Hanging on by a thread ! 
So I'm eating a muffin ... aperantly Tesher wanted some and was following me around . I sat down and he snuggled up to me I told < PROPFIRST > ' look he wants to love on me because I have food\ < PROPFIRST > says \ " I have food too Tesh . \ " then Tesher lays his head in my lap . I give him a bite ... he gets up and goes and sits in front of his dad ! Little moocher " 
Fall has hit and so has the cleaning bug ! YAE ! Boys room first- 3 walls washed , 3/4 of floor done , and ceiling clean ! All before nap time ! 
Boys room completely done ! 
PLEASE PRAY ! < PROPFIRST > may have a job lined up and I may have a job as well . Please Pray that if this is the work God wants us to do that they will come through ! If not He will show us , direct us , and open the doors for us in the jobs He wants us to have ! SOON 
So after about 15 years of trying to figure out \what I want to be when I grow up\ " I think I may have decided ... and if you would have asked me what I thought of it 10 years ago I would have laughed in your face and said NO WAY I HATE THAT STUFF . Even a year ago I probably would have told you I'm not interested in any way ... But God has been working on my heart the last 6 months and changed me on that . " 
SO tired of judgemental , find someone else to blame my problems on , unsoliciated thought giving PEOPLE !! Whatever happened to \if you can't say anything nice DON\ " T SAY ANYTHING AT ALL ! \"" 
productive day . Went to a wonderful ladies house that was letting all the mops kids come and get pumpkins , made homemade Pizza Crust , cleaned the bathroom from head to toe ( washed ceiling , walls , floor , ect ) and now preparing my lesson for Friends Class tonight at church ! 
SO EXCITED !! I get to see a bunch of < PROPMALE > Ranger and Missionette family this weekend ( the girls that is ! ) !!! And a bunch of old friends from way back in the days !! So glad I'm a DISTRICT KID !!!! 
strong strong prayers that < PROPFIRST > gets the job he bid on yesturday ! It would only be for 5 weeks but it would get us through October payments and half of November ones !! 
You'll never guess what I just found under the computer monitor ? ( we have one of the old huge box ones ) ... even though I've cleaned the computer desk off twice I hadn't thought to look under the monitor box itself . 
LOVED seeing all my missionette/royal ranger ( ladies ) family this weekend ! And what POWERFUL speakers ! Very emotional and revealing and wonderful !!!! 
So < PROPFIRST > called me sunday morning and my phone was on vibrate . I heard someones phone ringing when service got started ( at womens retreat ) so I thought I would check mine and saw that he called . So I went out and called him . \ 
The first thing he says is \Did you know its 10/10/10 and 10:10 \ " I said \ " You called me to tell me that ? \"" 
ah 20 boxes of pudding , 30 boxes of Jello , 7 Jars of apple sauce , 2 gallons of ice cream ... do you think that will be enough ? Am I missing anything ? 
is remembering all of the babies that were born sleeping , that were carried butnever\ 
met , that were held but could not be taken home , and that were taken \ 
home but could not stay . Pregnancy and infant loss remembrance day is \ 
October 15th !!!!!!!!! Remembering my baby , lost very soon but never forgotten . 
Just came home from seeing the cutest baby girl , < PROPFEMALE > !! So sweet ! 
busy busy 2 weeks ahead !! today-firewood , tomorrow church&firewood , mon-sedalia , wed-home , fri-montrose , mon-home , wed-mops , ( thur-sat finally a break ! ) sun-halloween , mon-J surgery .... 
WONDERFUL WONDERFUL church service at Hawthorne Community Church . Such a BEAUTIFUL church and the atmosphere must have been awesome because Tesher stayed in the nursery for an hour WITHOUT crying !! A miracle in itself ! 
Just got size 3 clothes out for my 1 year old !! That is SO wrong ! 
off to Sedalia ! 
home again ... enough time to do laundry and re-pack ... then off again 
leaving for Montrose in a few hours ! To all my Montrose Friends and Family- We will be staying at Grandma & Grandpa Deines ' house so if you want to get together call me at my cell , or at their house or come by and see us ! We will be there until Monday afternoon !! 
33\ 
miners were rescued on the 33rd week of the year ; it took 33 days to \ 
drill down to them ; they were brought up to the surface on 10/13/10 \ 
which = 33 . They say Jesus , who was crucified at the age 33 , was with \ 
them the entire time . Pretty Cool ! Facebook friends , if you believe in \ 
Jesus Christ and His almighty power repost 
Home and exhausted ! had fun though and kids were good ! 
THERE'S A MOUSE IN MY HOUSE !! AND I THINK IT JUST WENT IN THE BOYS ROOM WHERE THEY ARE SLEEPING ! To make it worse my husband's NOT HOME !! I don't know what to do !!! AHAHAH !!! 
Anyone want to watch my boys at 3pm friday ? 
My brain is too full right now . I think I need sometime to myself to think some more ! I might start a blog . 
I'm\ 
a handful . Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm \ 
strongwilled , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I \ 
make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to \ 
handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck \ 
don't deserve me at my best . If you are a handful , repost . I dare you . :) 
My\ 
home is filled with toys , has fingerprints on everything & is \ 
never quiet . My hair is usually a mess , makeup is a thing of the past , \ 
& I'm always tired , but there is always love & laughter here . In \ 
20years what my children will remember is the time we spent \ 
together ...... & the love they felt . Your children only get one \ 
childhood , make it a good one . Repost if you agree . 
Just found out that < PROPFIRST>'s great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great grandpa was < PROPFIRST > Adams ' ( the 2nd president of the USA ) great-great grandpa ! I know like cousin 20x removed but hey ... still cool ! 
Ug ... Doing genealogy for my side of the family is rough ! < PROPFIRST>'s was SO much easier ... even got back to 6AD !!! 
FOUND MY BOOK ! YAE ! 
WHY WHY WHY !??? did they have to move NASCAR to ESPN !!! GR !!! 
Off to take Jency to his surgery !! PLEASE KEEP HIM IN YOUR PRAYERS !!! 
WOO HOO ACLJ LIVE !! RIGHT NOW !! 
Ug ... I need a job or a daycare kid BADLY !! 
Lesson\ 
learned today-after spending 30 minutes in a battle with Jency to take \ 
his medicine which was just the bubble gum flavored motrin ! I finally called the doctor because he was in so much pain but wouldn't even take the motrin let alone anything else . His nurse said \mix it with Root Beer . It masks any flavor . \ " What happened ... he drank it all down no problem and is now feeling much better ! " 
Well I may have a daycare baby ! but I'm nervous about it ! \ 
First ... a baby in the house ? Ug ... Just means I have to start with bottles and baby food again and lots of naps and then I have the boys on top of that ... just don't know if I'd do very good with another baby around\ 
second ... I have to get all the baby stuff back out ... and .... where in the world am I going to put it all !!! 
Tesher just went poo poo on the little potty chair all on his own !! 
New profile pic : Tesher's choice for bed attire . 
does anyone on the western slope have a twin sized mattress and box springs we could have or buy cheap ? 
well we were all set for an interview for taking care of the baby ... it was set for today at 4pm . I just got an e-mail from her and she decided to be a stay at home mom for awhile :( Really bummed ! 
I'm thankful for my wonderful , handsome , smart , kind , caring husband !! 
< PROPFIRST>'s still looking for work if anyone knows of anything ! I'm still looking for evening work or daycare ! 
* Post a pic of a man/woman in uniform past or present that you would like to honor this Veteran's Day as your profile pic . And keep it there till after the holiday*\ 
My Father-in-law < PROPMALE > Holden ! 
I am thankful for all the men and women that have fought to keep our country free and prosperous ! Especial my father-in-law ( Vietnam ) and grandfather-in-law ( WWII ) and all the MANY MANY ancestors I have that fought in the Revolutionary War and the Civil War to make my country a free and whole country ! 
Congrads to TWO of my friends who both had baby girls yesturday !! \ 
First- < PROPFEMALE > Pinson had Eliora < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > at 10:52 am , 8 #4 & 19.5 \\ 
I\m thankful for the women of the rock mountain district that have provided the finances for House of Promise ! I'm thankful I'm able to take my kids and go and enjoy a day there ! " 
I am thankful for MVV for providing us with school stuff !! 
I'm thankful for all the many friends and family that prayed for Jency before , during , and after his surgery ! He is doing WONDERFUL now ! Hasn't had any meds in 24 hours !! 
I'm thankful for my WONDERFUL precious boys ! They are amazing people !! 
I am thankful that we have a house and heat ... even though its not very warm LOL . 
Is finding it very hard to find something to be thankful about ... so I guess I'm thankful I have a brain ( what's left of it ) to use and try and find something to be thankful for . ( obviously not a good day and my brain is dead ) 
I'm thankful for a bright < PROPFEMALE > day ! 
aaples & apple butter canned-check , Pantry reorganized-check , \ 
dog poop in yard cleaned-check , \ 
Entire kitchen cleaned ( except walls , ceiling , and inside fridge)-check , \ 
All before 1pm-check , \ 
Tired momma-check 
I am thankful ... that we get to see the majority of my family for Thanksgiving and the majority or < PROPFIRST>'s family for Christmas . I'm thankful that most of us live close enough to make this happen .... AND FOR THE REST OF YOU .... Well that's another subject ( shame on you living so far away ! ) 
Replace\ 
your profile picture with your favorite cartoon character and invite \ 
your friends to do so between November 17 and 23 . Goal of the game : no \ 
\real people\ " pictures on FB but a lot of funny childhood memories . Join\ 
Tonight Jency told us that his coke tasted like oatmeal and popcorn mixed ... he liked it . 
Today I am thankful for praise and worship music !! 
Facebook doesn't like me tonight and I've come down with a cold and my noise won't stop running and I can't catch it !!! 
sick sick sick ... 
thankful for my wonderful pastor < PROPFIRST > Crowley and my The Gathering ( Great Joy Ministries ) community and the \ 
values and commitments we have all decided to up hold together !! We are\ 
a unique group but that is what makes it SO wonderful and amazing !!! 
Momma making pancakes , gives each boy a little bowl with pancake mix in it to stir .... Jency \I want to taste it\ " \ " yuck\ " ( spits it back in the bowl ) stirs some more Tesher follows big brothers lead . Jency spits in it some more \ " Tesher lets mix ours together and have spit pancakes \"" 
I'm thankful we are NOT having thanksgiving at our house this year ! Its a wreck and I don't have to clean it ! 
3am will come soon ... goodnight thanksgiving ... hello black friday ! 
What a weekend ! Thursday thanksgiving with my dad's side of the family , friday shopping and spending it with < PROPFEMALE > Ladage Kirkpatrick and < PROPFIRST > Kirkpatrick then headed off to Montrose to spend the night . Saturday spent the morning with < PROPFEMALE > McRae and < PROPFIRST > Holden and had thanksgiving with my mom's side of the family . Tomorrow a special church service and lunch ! Monday hopefully things will slow down ! 
well we are now home from yet another visit to the ER 
Oh how I Love Jesus ! God is so Amazing ! I am overwhelmed with thankfulness ! 
In Christmas mode ! Hope it snows tomorrow !! 
If my eye doesn't stop twitching its going to twitch right off my face !! 
next year I'm decorating at night and the boys can wake up to a decorated house ! This is crazy ! 
would someone please call my phone so I can find it !!! 
Anyone want to meet us down town for the parade saturday ? 
just joined http://www.punchbowl.com 
You call me LORD and dont obey me , You call me LIGHT and dont see me , You call me THE WAY and dont follow me , You call me LIFE and dont < PROPFEMALE > me , You call me BEAUTIFUL and dont love me , you call me < PROPMALE > and dont ask of me , You call me ETERNAL and dont seek me , You call me LOVE and dont trust me , You call me FAITHFUL and dont serve me , You call me GOD and dont fear me , If one day you stand condemned don't blame ME ! 
Tesher said his first full sentence \Momma Read Dis Book \"" 
New Game . send me a number between 1 and 1000 to my inbox . i will post your number and something about you . 
33-Well , in highschool you scared me LOL but now I know ... you have such a big heart for people , your soneone anyway can depend on and you LOVE to have FUN !! 
Working on Family Tree- makes my brain hurt ... but found some fun stuff ! 
I can't do anything right and can never have a good idea ! GGGRRR 
Hoping The new Narnia Movie tonight is better then the last one and follows the book !! If this one is as bad as the last I just might not go to any more ! 
Xmas = The X represents a Greek < PROPFIRST > , the first letter of ???????, \Christ . \ " Many use the term Xmas because they try to conveniently omit Christ from Christmas . \ 
just ran 2 < PROPMALE > in 11 min-15 sec !!! 
So some friends brought over some cinnimon chocolate chip homemade bread tonight . SO SO GOOD . We had 3 slices ... while we were gone to the Movies are dogs kindly took the rest for themselves . I kinda hope they DO get sick ... maybe they would learn NOT to take our food off the counter ! 
Movie Review Time : It was good ! I enjoyed it . I think iit followed more closely to the book then the last one did . There were a few added things and a few changed/moved around things but it was good . My one complaint is that I wish they would make them longer ( like Lord of the Rings and < PROPMALE > Potter and all those ) because it juts seemed RUSHED again and left out ALOT of GOOD parts I wish they would have included . 
Working on Christmas Letter . 
how long is too long for a christmas letter ... including pictures ? I have it at 5 pages now LOL . 2 pages of letter but 3 pages of photos lol !! 
pray < PROPFIRST > gets enough work for 10 days so we can go see his family for Christmas !!!! 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with your heart ? 
Wow really strange coincidences ( selling ? ) with people I know right now ... very very strange . 
Forget the security blankets , we have security bandaids now ! 
Christmas #1 down ... 4 more to go , ug . 
Christmas #2 down . 3 more to go ... I miss calculated last time . We have 5 Christmas ' we are doing but was 7 one got cancled and one on hold ! 
Sad we can't see the eclipse and I can't find anywhere online with a good live view ! :( 
one more Christmas to go ! 
off to Sedalia tomorrow . Roads are suppose to be bad . Pray for us ! 
had an AWESOME 2 hours with my bestfriend last night ! 2 hours a year is NOT enough time together !! \ 
Oh ya , and we made it to Sedalia safe and sounds with no problems ! 
We had some special Christmas guests today ... 6 does and 2 bucks ! 
watching an interestingly intregingly strange movie with my brother-in-law . 
Having fun spending time with my in-laws . Jency's uncles are taking him hunting for the first time tomorrow ! 
Had a fun day today ! Jency's uncles and dad took him hunting for squirl today and < PROPFEMALE > , Tesher and I went shopping ! 
My brother-in-laws are being a bunch of PIGS I hope no girls EVER marry them ! They are not worth it ... NONE of them !!! 
So its very hard to find much genealogy on my side and on < PROPFIRST>'s mom's side but his dad's side goes back FOREVER and Royalty too !!! 
Its beginning to look alot like Christmas ! Glad we still have the decorations all out and christmas movies and musics going ! 
my back yard has been turned into a roadway/racetrack ... thank goodness my front yard is undisturbed and beautiful ! 
congradulations to my baby sister < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Holden on her engagement to < PROPFIRST > Lemons !! I love you sis !!! 
WOW I can't believe how many people have birthdays today !! 
HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SWEET BABY BOY ! HE WILL BE OFFICIALLY 2 YEARS OLD AT 5:10 PM !!! 
ug ... up at 4am thought I'd get a nap today but on the way home from MOPS Tesher fell asleep and when we got home he woke up And Jency's been laying on the couch all morning sick but now he feels better = No nap for mommy and I'll be up again at 4am tomorrow 
Paying it Forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 and you must repost !. 
All is fair in Love and War ... 
AHAHAHAHAH !!! I wish I lived in a cave in a mountain by myself ( with all the neccessities to live , such as bathroom , food , blankets , internet , etc haha ) . 
WOO HOO WIPEOUT !!! 
I need a book to read . 
AHAH !!! really !?!? Again !? When Jency was 16 months old he got his MMR ... he then developed a rash all over his body ! We decided to delay all other MMR shots for thte boys . Tesher just got his on Tuesday ... he broke out in a rash ( not as bad as Jency's and only for 24 hours ) ... now Jency has a rash all over his body and his eyes hurt !! 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N ! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all ! I grew up reciting this every morning in grade school . We no longer do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE ! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & NOT CARE about offending someone ! GOD bless < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Praying God shows us what to do soon ! 
making practice chocolate tools for Tesher's party ! Yum ... practice = eat later ! 
[ Poke ] me if you ever had a crush on me . \ 
[ Like ] this status if I'm a good friend . \ 
[ Message ] me if you ever wanted a relationship . \ 
[ Comment ] on this if we had any good memories and what the memory was . \ 
If you're brave , copy this and post on your status .. :) 
This is a Trip . Take your birth year ( last 2 digits ) add it to how old you're turning this year ... it will equal 111 . Today is 1/11/11 
Its my beautiful neice , Autumn , 7th birthday today !! Happy birhtday sweety ! 
I'm looking for a banana bread recipe thats low in calorites but high in taste and very moist !! THANKS !! 
making my first two loaves of my homemade madeup recipe ! Keep your fingers crossed it turns out good ! 
okay so the bread didn't turn out ... I don't know what I did wrong but I did it wrong ! I wish I could find my tried and true recipe !!! 
on to round 2 of bread . tweeking a bit . PLEASE turn out good PLEASE ! 
WARNING ! Facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor . To BLOCK , go to your kitchen cupboard & remove the box of aluminum foil . Wrap foil around your head , stay calm & breathe through your left nostril . This is a serious problem & has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's step-mum's uncle's pet chihuahua . Copy and paste as your status & SAVE YOUR FRIENDS - HURRY ! 
GR ... I need eggs , my husband isn't home , he is out socializing , I'm stuck home with the boys , and have NO gas in my car and NO money to get any ! Not a good day for me ... not a good week for me ! 1 
okay cake didn't turn out at all like I planned so all you decorators out there ( < PROPFEMALE > Girard Seielstad & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Holden ) I know you will get squimish when you see it . But it was my best effort with only 3 hours to do it in ! 
AHAHAH !! We have to cancel our internet and netflix so our only means of TV is local channels ... well now our rabbit ears broke so we can't get any local channels now !! February looks bleek on the entertainment front . 
My huband is so amazingly awesome ! he can fix ANYTHING !! He took the antena apart and i had broken wires .. he fixed it !!! 
ah ... doing taxes ... no fun ... yet 
Just had our interview/meeting with the parents ( and baby ) for day care . Pray they decide to bring her to us !! Not only would help financially but she is SO cute and happy ! It would be great to have her around and so much fun ! 
We need a childrens director ! 
Very Very sad day in our house today ... we have to turn off our netflix tomorrow . 
Jency has been cracking us up all day ! He's so funny . His latest we were talking about listening and obeying and he said he could only listen and obey God ! 
Only an AUNT : Can love like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister and behave like a friend ! If you're an aunt who loves her nieces and/or nephews then re-post this 
Jency was suppose to go to bed early tonight ... guess who decided he wanted to as well since brother was ? lol 
Very eventful day . First we went to Chickfila for a b-day party and a guy hada seizure whle we were there and the ambulance came and all that , then on the way home the icecream melted and spilled , and when we got home we discovered the dogs hadn't been locked out and got into the trash strining it all over the house and yard ! I hope the rest of the day is calmer ! 
keep your fingures crossed ! < PROPFIRST > put in a bid for a 4-6 week job and he should found out TOMORROW if he got it or not !! PRAY !! 
We find out today if < PROPFIRST > gets that 4 weeks job !! PRAY he does !! 
fixing Crock Pot BBQ Pork Steaks for dinner ... what would be some good sides to have with it ? We normally have a veggie , a fruit , a bread , and something else ( pudding , jello , ect ... ) 
So < PROPFIRST > found out that < PROPMALE > the other guys that put a bid on this job < PROPMALE > l put right around the same amount . So now the company is deciding based on who can get it done the fastest and be ready to do the job the soonest . < PROPFIRST > told them he could be there as soon as they wanted and he could get it done in 3 weeks ! PLEASE PRAY !!! 
Ug , its February again ... can we just skip it ... or can I crawl in bed for the next 28 days ? 
Looks like < PROPFIRST > won't be getting the job . Another guy bid $2K more but has a crew so can get it done in 2 weeks . 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are 
With chill factor we are sitting at -14 !!! And I had to go out in it at 5am ! 
turning down the thermastat today ... dressing kids in 3 layers , baking a bunch , trying to keep the fire going good . Cold weather is deffinently harder then hot weather . With hot weather you just fill the tub with cold water and eat pop cycles ! 
PRAISE REPORT : < PROPFIRST > got the 2 week job ! The company is hiring another guy to work with him so he can get it done in 2 weeks . But we will make enough off of the job ( because we planned on it being a 4 week job ) to last all month ! So now we are just praying he get something lined up for in two weeks ( as soon as this job is over) !! 
LOL go down to the bottom of your < PROPFEMALE > to where it says \english ( US)\ " and click it ... then choose \ " english ( pirate)\ " . LOL its too funny ! I am now \ " blabberin ' t'mine mates \"" 
Watching the Original Dr Doolittle with my boys ! I can't beleive how into it Tesher is ! He LOVES all the animals . 
Looking at Bridesmaid dresses !! SO exciting ! I love my youngest sister so much ! 
Cars 2 comes out June 24th !!! Better start saving some money to take Tesher to his first movie !! SO EXCITED !! 
\We The PEOPLE\ " not We the Governement ... oh but I do think we should change the \ " All Men Are Equal\ " to All Humans are Equal ! " 
gave up on the super bowl ... going on to something much more interesting and educational ... AFV , no not really , Who Do You Think You Are ( although I do agree with < PROPFIRST > , they need to have non-big-name people on it ) . 
Okay this is a tear jerker one ! OMG 
Found the records for the Holden imigration to < PROPFEMALE > and the family crest and the family motto : Neither Rashly nor Timidly ...... hm ... why does this not surprise me ? 
looks like we will be starting potty training ! Tesher was playing after his bath ( nacked ) with legos and all of a sudden ran down the hall and I asked him where he was going and he said \poopoo\ " . So I went to the bathroom where he was already sitting on his little potty . He went potty and jumped up and ran back to his toys as if on a mission . " 
Listening to Focus on the Family all about boys !!! OMG mine are normal ! And I'm getting so much advice ! And they said it is true that boys are harder then girls ! 
note to self : do not take boys shopping right after nap/quiet time . WAY too much ENERGY !! \ 
anyone want to schedule a date night with me to go grocery shopping without kids ? I don't want to go by myself . 
So excited !! Get to have a slumber party with my COTR M-Pact Girls !! FUN FUN !! 
okay house is presentable ... I'll be gone for 16 hours ... we will see how it looks when I get home . 
Running on 2 hours of sleep today and have a full day planned ! BUT 7 of my 8 girls where at the slumber party and we had a BLAST playing games , making crafts , and watching movies ! I LOVE THOSE GIRLS !! 
In honor of < PROPFIRST>'s Day , change your profile picture to a picture of you and your sweetie and how long you've been together ! \ 
Well that's a hard one . We've been married for 8.5 years ... we started dating again a year before that ... but we had dated for a year and a half 4 years earlier ... So we've been together for awhile . 
Post how you and your sweetie met ! \ 
We met at FCF Family camp when I was 13 and he was almost 18 ! I was infatuated with him the first time I met him ! And I still am just as much 15.5 years later ! 
Normally I'd say Valentines day is a nice day ... but today I got zilch !! So this year ... not happy , not good ! 
Well I spoke too soon . He waited until after the boys went to bed . He had gotten me a card and a white < PROPFEMALE > but no chocolates ... he got a chocolate brownie instead . It was very cute and I am very infatuated with him and that he surprised me ! He has NEVER given me a surprise EVER ! 
Got to meet the neighbors yesturday LOL . We've lived here for 3 years and have never really talked to the neighbors across the street ( down one hosue ) . Turns out they are into camping , fishing , hunting , etc , and they are very strong Christians ! So excited about this ! They have lived there for 35 years ( since the neighbor hood was built ! ) 
Spending time OUTSIDE with my boys ! After which they helped me wash the hall walls and deep clean the bathroom ( need I say muddy mess ) . Weather guy says this is the last nice day for awhile : ( 
running off of 5 hours of sleep ... up at 4am for work .... now home taking care of my kids ... ALONE , until < PROPFIRST > gets home at 630 then off to a BBQ ... probably be a late night again and start it all over again ! Way too tired to function in a social setting . See you all when after this weekend when I will try and catch up on sleep ! 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ? Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts ... to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% Are you ? 
AHAHAHAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !! 
haha Just got Tesher an video trying to say < PROPFIRST > Lagano while playing with his #20 car ! Think I'll upload it and post it on < PROPFIRST>'s facebook < PROPFEMALE > ! 
DAYTONA TOMORROW !!! WOO HOO !! 
Wow . Watching an intense show on these women in Florida going into labor in the middle or a hurricain ! So So Scary ! 
Deep Cleaned my livingroom today ! washed walls , moved furniture , vacuumed the ceiling , etc ... 2 Rooms down ... 5 to go & the laundry closet . 
Well .. who needs congress ... apperantly not < PROPMALE > Obama ! 
OMG a guy ran over his daughter and killed her because she wouldn't agree to an aranged marriage and instead went to college and got a boyfriend he didn't like and was becoming too westernized !! 
Banana 
okay , really ... not having seminar in the spring ... is an emotional killer !! Its not about the classes , its about seeing the people you love the most ! I think we should have a < PROPMALE > Ranger/Girls Ministry Weekend anyway !!! 
So I figured out how to make healthy , BIG banana nut muffins for 120 calories each ! I'll post the recipe in my notes ! 
had an AWESOME time at my Great Grandpa's 96th Bday party !! Saw lots of family that I didn't get to talk to because there were SO many people to see and 2 too many kids too < PROPMALE > ( lol) ! But it was still an amazing time to spend with people I love ! 
2 years ago today we got the worst news of our lives and its still as fresh today as it was then . So many thoughts and emtions . 
did you know that if its true that only 1% of all muslims are radical that means there are 13,000,000 radical muslims ... look what only 20 on 9/11/01 , what will 13,000,000 do ? Their #1 goal is to destroy < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Which of my friends knows me best ? \ 
My middle name__________ , my age___ , my favorite movie_______ , my full birthday___/___/___ , whose the love of my life______ , my best friend_____ , how many kids do I have ___ , my favorite colors______ , my eye color_______ , my hair color______ my favorite food________and my parents names__________ !!! 
need a girls night out ! Anyone want to plan one with me ? 
Jency got 3rd place at pinewood derby last night ! Very proud ! 
anyone know of some place to get an eye exam for cheap ( I mean like under $70 ! ) 
2 things ! I have 3 afternoon opennings for massages tomorrow ! I had 3 people cancel on me ! It is $40 for an hour ! that's a good price since she is coming all the way from Montrose\ 
also anyone in the Clifton/Fruitvale area planning on having a yard sale this spring ? I would like to have one but we aren't in a good area for one and never end up selling anyting and would like to bring my stuff to one in a better area 
For all that were wondering . < PROPFIRST > did not get the job . It was between him and one other guy but apperently the owner didn't like that < PROPFIRST > would work on Saturdays doing his own side jobs and needed wednesday nights off for church . \ 
But there are 4 other jobs that he is applying for this week ! There is also an at home office assistant position I've found and am going to apply for ! Please pray we both get the jobs ! 
I'm sorry world , but our house has already time changed ... don't worry , you will catch up with us on Sunday ! 
Potty Training Camp starts today ! I'm SCARED TO DEATH !! Maybe we should wait till this summer ? any advice ? Please ?! Not sure what I'm doing here ! 
I have some news ... who wants to hear it ... I'll on message it to those who respond !! 
Well we gave up on the potty training for right now . He recognizes when hes GOING but not before he starts . That and he decided he wanted to wear a diaper . So although he wants to go when we go and we will take him when he wants we won't be actually potty training right now . We'll try again in a few months . 
FOR ALL THOSE SAYING PRAYERS FOR JAPAN ... PLEASE DON'T FORGET < PROPFEMALE > !!! THEY HAD AN EARTHQUAKE YESTURDAY TOO AND HAVE A DEATH TOLL OF 25 ALREADY !! 
My boys are watching a momma bird clean out the bird house and renest it ! So cool ! 
Move over Weight Watchers , and < PROPFEMALE > there is a new way to lose weight ..... It's the \I can't afford to buy groceries to feed myself because I just filled my gas tank\ " diet . And it's companion plan - \ " I'll Be Walking Soon - So I'll Really Peel Off the Weight\ " !!!! Especially since I have to do it with a double stroller with 70# of weight in it !! " 
planning my garden 
Jency starts soccer on Thursday ! He has some kleets from his cousin and he keeps putting them on and running around saying \look how fast these make me go ! \ " and then \ " I'm going to put them away for tomorrow so they don't get ruined . \ " He's SO excited ! " 
Watching NASCAR on the first day of Spring ! too bad its icky outside . 
Really REALLY sad ! It looks like The new CARS2 movie isn't a very good kids movie ! it was going to be Tesher's first theater experience ! WAH ! 
okay there was a post on here said it was a video from me but I have NO idea what it was ... don't open it ! 
when does school in GJ end ? 
Thinking about getting a job for just 2 months ... just not sure I can leave my kids for that long EVERY DAY !! 
First soccer practice today ! 
Oh Weather PLEASE PLEASE clear up by 5pm !! If not I will have a VERY heart broken little boy ! Today is to be his first soccer practice and he has been talking about it for a week ! So please , just clear up between 5pm-7pm ! 
weeding through curriculum stuff to find the right fit for us next year ... headache ! 
Does any one have some xs < PROPFEMALE > guards for Jency to use for soccer ? Thanks ! 
Life is a roller coaster ... 
Tesher's watching a < PROPFIRST > Rogers and < PROPFIRST > Autrey movie ... and loves it ! 
AHAHAH !!! I'm such a bad parent !!! I've totally failed !! 
I am a gun owner . I do believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebook person has challenged all gun owners to put this on their walls . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , put this as your status ! 
Soooo I was sitting on the toilet this morning , eating an awesome bacon sandwich and ............. What ? You think there's something wrong with eating in the bathroom ? Did that gross you out ? ......... Then why do people suggest breastfeeding mothers feed their babies in the bathroom ? If you're a fan of parents rights , I DARE you to put this up as your status if you agree !! 
Good verse today !! Ps 42:1 -11 
Discovering how much my children of inherited from their Uncles and Aunt . Jency is SO much like his Uncle < PROPFIRST > Holden and < PROPFIRST > its scary ... probably why < PROPFIRST > and him can't be in the same class LOL . And Tesher does SO many things like his Aunt < PROPFEMALE > Ladage Kirkpatrick its ridiculous . 
9am ... 65 degrees ... 10am .... 40degrees and raining ... 12pm ... snowing ... 
Ah the adventures in Poop Land ! 
Emotions high .... need to unwind 
Looks like we will be piecing together a curriculum this year ... Now to decide exactly what a want of what and where to get it , etc ... On another note , I think I'm going to plant my garden Monday ! My plants are out growing their pots and I would like my kitchen counter and table back ! 
So I'm finding piecing a curriculum together is going to cost just as much as ordering a new curriculum all in one ... now to decided what I want to do ! Think I might make a list of what I want and wait for the curriculum fair this summer ... then check amazon ... maybe I can cut the cost in half and we can take a trip to < PROPMALE > ! 
my children are watching The Price is Right 
Rototilled my garden , twice , raked it out , twice , put in the sprnklers and signs ... my garden is ready to plant ... now if the weather would just cooperate ! 
Salary of the US President ... $ 400,000 . Salary of retired US Presidents ... $ 180,000 . Salary of House/Senate ... $ 174,000 . Salary of Speaker of House ... $ 223,500 ... Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders ... $ 193,400 .......... Average US Salary ... $ 33,000 to $ 77,000 . HELL-O ! I think we found where the cuts should be made ! If you agree ... repost ! 
We are selling our stove ! If you know anyone interested in a white flat top stove let me know ! 
So Jency now refuses to eat < PROPFEMALE > from the store . He MUST have Grandpa's < PROPFEMALE > from the jar ! 
missing 2 DVD's of the boys that I thought I had burned ! Pray I find them or at least didn't delete everything during the time I'm missing on the video cam ! I'm really freaked out about this ! 
anyone online right now have good knowledge of SD cards ? 
Watching the first movie we ever bought after getting married ... and its vhs and STILL in the plastic !! haha 
< PROPFEMALE > Ladage Holden connected to varolo 
YES I am posting all those posts ! It is not SPAM ! I'm doing it manually and my wrist is KILLING me !! 
People REALLY honestly this is NOT spam ! Help me out !! 
Haha ! I think I just found an easier way through the website it invite people ! LOL just my luck ! 
its a start !. I have 61 points . Come join my www.varolo.com/village/ColoradoDreamRanch at Varolo . 
Had a busy but fun day ! First Jency's game got rained out , then we went to an Easter Egg Hunt , and to finish it off Montrose to spend time with my family and < PROPFIRST>'s brother and his girlfriend ( my cousin's cousin lol ) . It was WONDERFUL to see everyone ( too many to list ! ) 
Happy Resurrection Day !!! 
so question . Whats the difference between a kids size 13 and < PROPMALE > size 1 shoe . Are they really different sizes or are they the same size ? 
ug ... have to take back easter presents already ! Off to the stores ... good thing < PROPFIRST > doesn't have to work today and I can go without kids ! YAE , Unexpected blessing ! 
Ug Stressfully Day ! Communication and fairness are good things ! 
What is your < PROPMALE > wedding guest name ? Start with either Lord or Lady . Your first name is one of your grandparents ' names . Your surname is the name of your first pet , double-barreled with the name of the street on which you grew up . Let's do this ! Post yours here . Then cut and paste it into your status . \ 
Respectfully , \ 
Lady < PROPFEMALE > Flower-Tiffany 
So anyone in GJ have a DVR and want to record the wedding and have a girls night friday night to watch it ? My husband won't let me watch it here ! 
okay We are having < PROPMALE > trouble with our business insurance ! All of you with your own business ... who do you go through for insurance ? 
moving up !. I have 138 points . Come join my www.varolo.com/village/ColoradoDreamRanch at Varolo . 
any one want to have a girls night tomorrow night ... I'm gonna tape the wedding and wait to watch it ! 
is glad the < PROPMALE > Wedding offered a little sunshine in this rather gloomy world right now . Just for a few hours we all got to live in a < PROPFEMALE > tale and lots of little girls all over the world are now going to be pretending to be princesses . Smile , today is a good day . celebrate your spouse today in a special way ! Dress up , have a special meal , speak some affirming words , and celebrate your marriage ! 
Just finished watching Apocalypse and now watching Revelation ! Deffinently dates itself and don't agree 100% BUT IT IS STILL AMAZING AND POWERFUL ! 
Everyone is SO excited about Osama being dead ... hm , wonder how many people realize what this really means . This is only the beginning ... its down hill from here on out ! YAE ! 
Tonight marks the beginning Holocaust Remembrance Day . Please hit LIKE to indicate that you will take time over the next 24 hours to remember the six million Jews who were murdered by the Nazis . 
So got a list of books to get from the library and they told what level they are at based on the public schools ... Jency is reading at a midsecond grade level !! 
Let's be clear on this : OBAMA did NOT kill Bin Laden . An American soldier , who Obama just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to PAY , killed him . Obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found UBL and took him out . This is NOT an Obama victory , but an AMERICAN victory !! REPOST IF YOU AGREE !!!! God Bless Our Troops .......... 
Just wanted to brag on my oldest ! He is amazing ! He LOVES to learn and picks up on things easily so that he practically teaches himself ! He is very smart and talented . He is strong willed ... in the future I know this will be a good thing . He loves everyone he meets ! And he knows Jesus lives in his heart ! I love him so much ! 
who of my friends is trying to loose weight this summer and NOT going to the gym or going to weight watchers ? 
Fun but exauhsting ( spelling ? ) !!! 
In honor of Mother's Day we are trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . Please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB ! ( I miss you mom ) 
So good things are happening this week ... hope it doesn't end by posting this ;P 
ug ! my phone get wet ( my fault ) and now it will ring and I can get txts but once I answer the phone or when I call out I can't hear anything and no one can hear me !! 
Jency is sick now . Tesher has a bit of a cold or is getting a tooth . Jency has a little fever , sore throat and just threw up . I knew my other post was bad luck . It never fails LOL . 
Taking Jency to the ER 
Yep ... watching it it over again , I relly think < PROPFIRST > Edwards let < PROPFEMALE > Smith win . Which I think is AWESOME !! 
The moment a child is born , the mother is also born . She never existed before . The woman existed , but the mother , never . A mother is something absolutely new . ~ Rajneesh 
