Thanks to everyone who gifted to me today and helped me complete collections . I hope you all have a goodnight and a wonderful morning !!! Goodnight all . 

I will never again answer questions honestly I will just be like other people in my family and lie to your face . Oh that's right they are no longer my family , don't care what the rest of my family thinks of it either . You don't want to be my family well d 
Sorry to all my friends for the rant I am hurt and just alittle pissed won't happen ever again . 
Have a great night or morning all whatever it is to you ... LOL !!! It's 5:00 am here and I still have not been to bed yet . So guess what time to get at least 3-4 hours of sleep . See ya all later . Goodnight . 
I won an unused Lotto ticket and an energy pack from the Lottery . I actually won something . 
Taking a break for a few from this facebook fun to have some fun on Call of Duty : WAW on the PS3 I will check out what everyone needs when I return . Have fun guys and girls . Going to make people mad on Playstation Network .... HEHEHE !!!! 
Well it's time to get back on that PS3 and play Call of Duty : World at War . You all have a great night and can't wait to see you all tomorrow , oh jeez it's already tomorrow ... LOL !!!!! Have a good one ya'll . 
Have a good day everyone . It's time for me to go for a bit . Talk to you later on . 
OK , well I guess for the first time in a long time I am actually tired before 6 am so I guess I am gonna call it an early night for me . Thanks to everyone who became my friend today and my fellow mafia member , it is greatly appreciated . Goodnight all see 
Ok , if anyone needs any drinks in Cuba please respond to this post and I will gift them to you . I have quite a few of them so if you need any , let me know . 
Watching a Texas Chainsaw Massacre : The beginning . Be back in an hour and half or so . 
Ok , I am going to list all I have as far as extras and if anyone needs any of them I will send them until I run out . Diamonds : 1-8 , 1-9 , 3-10 , 4-j , 1-q , 2-k , and 2-A . Hearts : 3-8 , 1-9 , 1-k . Poker chips : 1 red . Cigars- 2- Sky , 1-Ivory , 3-Gold . Spades : 1-9 , 1-j , 1-k . Billiards : 1-4 ball . Rings : 1-Amethyst , 4-Emerald . Ties : 1-Solid , 1-Geometric . Paintings : 3-Warhol , 5-Cezanne , 4-Matisse , 2-Van Gogh , 2-Dali , 1-Monet . 
And more : Cufflinks : 1-Gold , 1-jasper . Horses : 2-Seabirds , 1-Arkle , 1-Golden Miller . And for Cuba : Drinks : 2-Pina , 3-Hurricanes , 2-Bahamas , 1-Mojito , 1-Rum Runner , 2-Long Island , 2-Cuba Libres . Fruits : 4-Banana , 2-Lime , 3-Pineapple , 2-Papaya , 2-Coconut , 1-Passion fruit , 1-Dragon fruit . Entertainers : 1-Fan Dancer , and 1-Crooner . 
I will send whatever you need just leave a comment , 1st come 1st serve . Once their gone I may have more eventually and will list it here , If I am not online when you request something I will send it to you as soon as I get back on here . 
If anyone is looking for jobs to do I still have two open jobs on my < PROPFEMALE > that I posted yesterday and they have not been completed . Please finish them off for me , I am trying to level up and only need about 40 more exp . 
Thanks to my wonderful mafia for the great gifts , it is greatly appreciated . If you need anything let me know and I will see if I can get it for you !!!! You 2 know who you are . 
Thanks for the gifts < PROPFEMALE > it is greatly appreciated . I am just trying to help others and don't care about getting the boosts so much . If I lose fights , I lose them , oh well ... LOL !!! 
I want to thank < PROPFIRST > Rader for all of the wonderful gifts he sent me tonight on Mafia wars .. Thanks so much < PROPFIRST > and I sure do owe you big time !!!! 
Ok , this is my son < PROPMALE > and I am begging my mafia family to please add him to their mafia , he is just starting out but he needs a great mafia family like mine , so I was wondering if you could please help him out . Thanks to all of you out there that always are there for me when I need them !!! http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100000318032826&ref=ts 
Ok , this is my son < PROPMALE > and I am begging my mafia family to please add him to their mafia , he is just starting out but he needs a great mafia family like mine , so I was wondering if you could please help him out . Thanks to all of you out there that always are there for me when I need them ! http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100000318032826&ref=ts 
Is anybody else's facebook keep switching to spanish ??? LOL 
I still have 2 clicks left on my moscow job if anyone wants them , the other jobs are completed . 
3 more clicks left on my moscow job if you want to do it . Thanks everyone . 
Goodnight everyone have to go to my son's < PROPFEMALE > to help him out . He wasn't doing do well today . Hurt his hand playing football yesterday . I hope you all have a great night !!!! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!!! 
I still have 5 clicks left on my Moscow job . Plz help me out . Thanks !!! 
1 more click left on Moscow Job !!! 
I have one click on my Moscow job , can someone please click it . I am trying to level up . Thanks 
Is anyone else having problems with Mafia wars or is it just me ???? 
Even Kidnap is messing up , Jeez what next !!! 
Congrats to North Penn < PROPMALE > High Football Team , AWESOME game against Muncy last night 34- 0 and your undefeated season . < PROPMALE > and Kaynen did awesome last night with their touchdowns and hard hits . < PROPMALE > had 10 touchdowns this season , over 800 yards rushing , and 3 2-point conversions . Congrats also to Kaynen who had 3 touchdowns this season as our Tight end You guys are awesome and I am proud of you . 
These errors really need to be fixed . I am sick of this crap !!!! 
I have one click left on my Moscow job if someone would like to help me out with this , I would greatly appreciate it . Thanks 
My son , < PROPMALE > has recently been invited to Football University . We are all so proud of you and hope that your dreams come true < PROPMALE > . Thanks to < PROPMALE > for sending his football video into Football University , and thanks to my dad for being at all of < PROPMALE>'s games with < PROPFIRST > and I . You are part of a true support system for < PROPMALE > . Hope you make it as far as you want to < PROPMALE > , Mom and Dad are so proud of you !!!! 
Ok I have one more click left on my Moscow job if someone would like to complete it for me . Thanks ! 
What the hell is wrong with facebook now , I accept requests and it's ignoring them !!! I am done for now this is freaking ridiculous !! 
Is anyone else having trouble with Mafia Wars cuz I am getting really irritated , everytime i get on there seems to be another issue with it !!!!! 
I'm on and waiting for facebook to pull itself together , but I am not really paying attention to it at the moment so if it takes time to answer you back I apologize , I am playing Call of Duty World at War on my PS3 !! I'll try to get right back to you . Just sick of facebook at the moment and need to get rid of the frustration . As soon as it gets back to normal I will send gifts !!! 
Could someone plz put me on the hitlist , I don't feel like fighting today ... LOL !!! 
Could someone plz put me on the hitlist , it would be greatly appreciated ! 
I have a war going on right now but it would not let me ask for help , so could you guys plz help me out !!!! Thanks 
I have 1 click left on my Moscow job that is posted on my < PROPFEMALE > if someone wants it ! 
Is everyone's facebook running slow or is it just me ?? 
Happy Thanksgiving to my family , my mafia wars family and my friends , have a great day !! 
I have 3 clicks left on my Moscow job if anyone wants money in Moscow ! 
Well to the 2 people who betrayed me in a war , I am now removing you from my friends list and from my mafia . I was not even on and one of you declared war against me , something I myselff havee only done to my mafia family 2 times and will never do again . To the other who betrayed me in this war ... SEE YA !!! Is it just a game sure it is but I don't want it done to me . You decalre war on me and I am removing you 
I have 6 clicks left on my Moscow job ! 
With 1183 Mafia members you figure that a Moscow job weould be completed . Uh guess not !!! 
Well have to go get the kids ready for school and go get groceries , so I will be back on later . Have a great day everyone and see ya back here after awhile !!! 
Going to lay down , it's been 24 hours with no sleep and I am freaking tired , you watch I won't be able to sleep ... LOL !!! Or I will just wake up in an hour and not sleep all night . See ya back on here if I can't sleep . 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!! You helped me out a lot ! 
I have 3 more clicks on my Moscow job if someone wants to finish that and I also have 2 other jobs posted as well ! On Padrino level in Cuba and Underboss in NY ! 
I have loot on my < PROPFEMALE > and I also have jobs that aren't completed , have fun !! 
Ok , OK I need a good laugh , someone tell me a joke . 
OK , I have no life so I am logging off for a bit to go play Call of Duty : World at War so I can kick people's butts . You all have fun !! If you have a PS3 you can add me I have 2 names . Mother_of_Tears and Lady_Suspiria . Show me where it hurts And I'll make it worse - Crawling by Breaking < PROPMALE > Sorry just love this lyric !! 
OK I just posted a moscow job and only one person has done it , is no one on that is in my mafia ??? LOL 
Have 7 clicks left on my Moscow job on my < PROPFEMALE > , Please help me out !! 
I have 5 more clicks on my Moscow job , It is from Brigidair job level . 
I have 2 jobs on my < PROPFEMALE > , Cuba and New York !! Thanks to everyone who helps out ! 
Why is only half of my mafia wars < PROPFEMALE > showing up ? Is this happening to anyone else ? Is there a freaking way to fix it ? 
OMG what is wrong with this Mafia wars , I had 1197 in my mafia now it only shows 101 . I am getting really irritated !!!! 
Ok I have several animals for Zoo world on my wall up for adoption . Help me out if you can please !!! 
I have 3 jobs posted on my < PROPFEMALE > could you please help me out , I am trying to level up . Thanks everyone . 
I have 4 more clicks on my Moscow job , plus a NY and Cuba job and Loot . Thanks 
Is anyone else having trouble inviting people to their mafia , I have tried for 3 days and it won't let me ! 
OK , Have to go for awhile , gonna try to get back on later but who knows have two Christmas parties today at the American Legion ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Show me where it hurts and I will make it worse-Crawling by Breaking < PROPMALE > 
Just so some of my Mafia family knows , don't think I am not responding to your gift requests , I am but Mafia wars is telling me I don't have one from you . It has been happening to my account as well , just try again tomorrow if you didn't get one today , I will . 
Sick today and yesterday , can barely talk even so I guess I will just sit here play games for a bit and then lay down , oh and post some videos ... LOL !!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2RHTiXvELNg 
Just so everyone knows in Mafia Wars I cannot send gifts or get gifts for warehouse and that is why you have seen nothing from me in Mafia Wars . If you have a wishlist I can send those but not from the gifting < PROPFEMALE > so I don't want to waste your time . 
OK I am sick so I am off I still have 4 clicks left on my Moscow job ! Have at it guys be back later on !!! 
Sorry about the pillow fight posts didn't know it would show up like that in the live feed , guess I won't do that again !!! 
Just so everyone knows who just sent me friend requests , I don't think my requests are working and to Torren and 1 other person I haven't tried yet yours did not work for me either for some reason . I am sick of Mafia wars doing this to my < PROPFEMALE > but I can't do anything about it obviously since I wrote to them once and got a dumb response . Everyone will have to add me as their neighbors I guess . Sorry for the hassel . 
I still have open jobs in New York and Cuba !!! Would appreciate any help , thanks a bunch trying to level up . 
I have Moscow , Ny , and Cuba jobs all on my wall please help me level up !! Thanks to everyone who helps . 
I have Moscow , Ny , and Cuba jobs all on my wall please help me level up !! Thanks to everyone who helps . I have ober 1200 in my mafia can you please help out ! 
I jumped on a gangster while riding a motorcycle cuz I'm sexy and I do what I want ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% wont Copy and Paste this , many because they don't know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status ... 
That's right I just killed a level 920 , a level 814 and a level 748 so please keep brining your Mafia after me I am having alot of fun here !!! Especially since I am only level 237 !!! 
UMMM , I guess I have to remove myself from MMA according to their rules I can't belong to the other groups I belong to so if you belong to MMA and want to remove from your mafia then by all means do it , but if you attack me after you remove yourself I will make sure to cause issues . I can'e believ that after belonging to MMA since the beginning of my Mafia wars days that they would do this to me now . 
I have 4 open jobs on my wall including a boss fight in Moscow . Please help me out !! 
I have a Moscow job on my < PROPFEMALE > , could you please help me finish it . Thanks . There's 9 clicks left . 
I have 2 jobs posted on my < PROPFEMALE > if you need money or need help leveling up !! 
gotta go for awhile be back soon . Love ya , all 
Taking a break , I will be back soon !!! 
Thanks for the gifts in Mafia Wars , < PROPFIRST > !! 
Be back in a few , hope to see some of you still on here !!! 
Thanks so much Win , < PROPFEMALE > , and Drama . I sent stuff back hope you can use it . 
Not feeling well tonight so I am going to get off from here . I hope you all have a goodnight and I will be back sometime tomorrow . Hugs ! 
AWWW !! Thanks to everyone for wishing me a Happy Birthday . I will get on later today and thank all of you indiviually . You guys are the best ! You guys have made my 35th birthday the best birthday yet ! Love and hugs to all of you ! 
Thanks for showing all your love on my birthday my wonderful family , friends , and mafia family it is greatly appreciated more than you know . You guys are the best . Now I can sleep for a couple of hours since I was up all night playing Call of Duty with my friends on the PS3 I will be on later today to catch up and send gifts !!! Thanks again 
I have to go make dinner , but I'll be back later to play games and give gifts just please give me some time . Thanks !! 
I cannot leave here , I cannot stay , \ 
\ 
Forever haunted , more than afraid . \ 
Asphyxiate on words I would say , \ 
I'm drawn to a blackened sky as I turn blue . \ 
There are no flowers , no not this time , \ 
There'll be no angels gracing the lines , \ 
Just these stark words , I find . \ 
I'd show a smile , but i'm too weak , \ 
I'd share with you could I only speak , \ 
Just how much this , hurts me . AFI- This Time Imperfect 
Have to go to the dr. s soon , so I am outta here , you all take care !!! Be back later 3 :) 
Watch the stars , \ 
Turn you to nothing . \ 
Now blush and smile as they whisk you away . \ 
Part your lips a bit more , \ 
I'll swallow your fear . \ 
I will show you how . \ 
All the bite marks impress\ 
A need to be here , \ 
A need to see . \ 
City lights , like rain , \ 
Dance and explode . \ 
Fall upon debutantes - Kiss and Control-AFI 
MW FAMILY : WARNING ANYONE WHO HAS GOTTEN A TON OF FRIEND SUGESTIONS BECAREFUL ! IT IS A VIRUS ! IF YOU ACCEPT THEM YOU ACCOUNT WILLSEND OUT ABOUT 85 TO SOMEONE ELSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS A FACT ! IT IS HAPPENING AS I AM WRITING THIS ! WARN YOUR FRIENDS NOW !! 
If anyone has gotten friend suggestions from me , I haven't sent any out . It's a virus going through Facebook and I apologize to anyone that has gotten any from me but it truly isn't my fault !! 
Ok , has Farkle turned into a pick me up store for guys , it's really disturbing when they ask you if you ever cheated , or have thought about it , or if you want to cam with them . OMFG are you serious get a freaking life !!! 
Time to go to the store get milk and all that good stuff , then pick my son up from school and walk to the dr. with him . His toe is infected and it took him forever to tell me , like I look at a 14 year olds foot all the time ... LMAO !! Be back later take care !! 
I could be mean , I could be angry You know I could be just like you\ 
I could be fake , I could be stupid You know I could be just like you\ 
You thought you were standing beside me , you were only in my way\ 
You're wrong if you think that I'll be just like you - Just Like you by Three Days Grace 
Ok , My son just called me from his cell at school because he had to have permission to watch a PG-13 movie , The Outsiders . His English teacher had to ask me if it was ok . First of all he is 14 so he breaks the PG-13 rule and second we watch horror movies with him all the time . We just watched Daybreakers last night and The Road the other night which is now his favorite movie !! I just thought it was funny ! 
Now is the time I have to take a break and go clean ! Go figure !!! AHHHHHHHHH !!!! 
Just call my name , You'll be okay , Your scream is burning through my veins - Sooner or Later by Breaking < PROPMALE > <3 
I\ 
never get offended by anything anyone says to me or about me because in\ 
order to offend me their opinion has to matter to me and somehow it\ 
just never does . 
The < PROPFEMALE > rule in my house is ... If it's funny your not in trouble . 
I think it's about time you quit trying to play the victim in your lil drama production . 
has zero intentions of pleasing anyone anymore , its all about me now ! If you don't like it , remember how you got here so you can leave the same way ! 
understands that everyone comes into your life for a reason , but some of those fail to realize that they have overstayed their welcome . 
Well , time to < PROPFEMALE > laundry , put more in the washer and walk the dog ! Hey I got one thing accomplished ! I did the dishes already ... LOL !! 
I hate it when it is crappy outside , you can't get your laundry done , so now I have a ton to wash and dry . Go figure here we go again another load out and more in the washer . 
If anyone needs anything for Petville , such as for their yard , to unlock Tahiki , or for their Tiki hut , all of mine are finished so just send me a request for supplies and I will send them to you . I can also gift them to you just let me know what you need ! 
Is the sweet , shy , quiet , innocent type . Hey ! Stop laughing ! You're blowing my cover ! 
I may have a vast collection of movies to choose from ( over 5000 in our collection ) but I will watch Gladiator with < PROPFIRST > Crowe , < PROPMALE > Phoenix , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Treat < PROPMALE > more than any other movie here . I love my horror movies but this is my favorite by far . < PROPFIRST > Crowe is a bad ass , love him !! 
Don't believe your as important to others as they are to you , some\ 
people are only your friends when it is convenient for them , not\ 
because they actually care\ " , 201 0-0 6-18 06:39:22 " 
You'll regret it . Maybe not today , maybe not tomorrow , but soon and for the rest of your life . ~ Casablanca 1942 
I have decided that if anyone posts anything to my < PROPFEMALE > and yes my wall not yours about religion or politics I will be deleting all of those posts and if it continues I am sorry but you will be deleted . You have the right to your opinions on your wall but do not try to shove them down my throat because I am not on facebook to find God nor to hear how awful President Obama is . Leave it on your < PROPFEMALE > , not on mine . 
Yes , you have the right to your opinion but I also have the right to think your stupid ! 
Okay , going to do dinner dishes and I will be back . I am addicted . Oh no what will I do ? 
Please do not cut down my trees on Frontierville , I need them . Thank you very much . I know you all need energy as well but I really don't since I have so much food and I can't even use the 36 energy I have . Gift anything to me but food please . If you need food let me know I will send it ! 
Calling it an early night , just can't keep my eyes open anymore . I will gift back tomorrow what I owe and I will be sure to visit all my neighbors on frontierville and petville tomorrow . Sorry I wasn't much help today ! Have a great night everyone !! Sweet Dreams ! <3 
While eating breakfast this morning , my Rice Crispies told me I should get naked and dance . Please don't call the police , I'm only doing what I was told . 
don't bitch about me behind my back ... tell me your problem . I'm not going to change or anything but at least I'll know how to annoy you :-) 
I love me , I love my life , I'm satisfied with myself and the way I choose to live my life , so your opinion is pretty damn irrelevant , case closed ! 
I need to be more GODLIKE !!! I guess that means , talk shit behind people's backs , be all up in everyone's business , assume that I know at all times what people are doing and be sure to make everyone's life a living hell . I will judge everyone even though I do worse ! I don't think you are being taught right , you don't belong in church you belong in a house of mirrors so you can take a good look at yourself ! 
How did someone realize you could milk a cow ? And what the hell did they think they were doing to the cow in the first place ?! 
' s brain is on strike ! So if a blunt comment comes out and hits a nerve , I am not responsible for the affects it may have on you . 
I will be gone this weekend camping , so guess what no internet :( , so I won't be able to send any gifts back until Monday afternoon into Tuesday . If you do send to me I will send them back as soon as I can . Thanks to everyone who has sent gifts to me regularly for awhile now . Thanks everyone for all your gifts !!! See ya Monday or Tuesday !! 
.. has been sent to the naughty corner .. leave a msg and she'll get back to you when she promises to be good .. then again you may have to wait a while ;) 
Hey , just cause I liked the < PROPFEMALE > Lucifer you don't have to hate me , it was just to see if I could , and guess what , You could so there !!!! I am feeling rebellious today !! 
Forever waiting for disaster , What < PROPFIRST > calls servant and master , Will you play it too ? As this displacement begs for water . Swimming , bathing . Drowning in sorrow . - The Interview by AFI 
Jeez , wondering what I did now ??? I can't remember doing anything bad but then again I get blamed for everything . Must be I am just a bitch that honestly can't remember saying or doing anything bad !!! 
if you hear over the radio that there is a psycho on a tricycle throwing skittles at pedestrians telling them to taste the rainbow , don't worry its only me :) 
The meaning of crazy is NOT talking to yourself ... or even ANSWERING yourself ... It's asking yourself to repeat what you just said cuz you didn't pay attention . 
I'm sorry that I'm not everything you ever hoped I'd be . Maybe someday I'll make you proud by just being me . 
life is short , so play hard and jump on a trampoline naked in the rain ... at least once ;) 
What's the difference between kinky and perverted ? Kinky you use a feather , perverted you use the whole damn bird !! 
I love how you can push both slinkies and people down some stairs and your life suddenly lights up ! <3 :P 
has run for cover , dealt with hostage negotiations , been followed , spied on , extorted and threatened ... Green Beret ? Navy Seal ? Nope ... mother of a teenager ! 
that was a fast shower : D 
Remembers when being up all night involved large amount of alcohol , smokes & possibly illegal activity instead of thermometers , Popsicles & ' throw up ' buckets . 
The reasons I get up in the morning , 90% I need to wreck havoc on the world , and 10% I have to pee ;P 
If you need to know something , ask your children ; it seems they know EVERYTHING . We , on the other hand , were never that young and we know NOTHING ... 
When someone sees you crying and says \are you sad\ " ? Kick them in the balls and say are you okay ? '" 
The people in the horror movies would still be alive if they would just listen to me and not go down in the basement where they heard the creepy noise . 
Ok , after a long day at the ER with my husband and him now admitted to the hospital for at least one night , I am home and got my cleaning done , dealt with the kids and now hopefully getting them off to bed , I will be here for a bit and then off to bed myself ! 
Watching the old Black and white movie , The Bad Seed from 1956 . Every now and again you have to watch those awesome old black and white horror films . I have a ton so I am well on my way . I think an old < PROPMALE > Karloff movie will be next , or maybe a < PROPFIRST > Cushing and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > film , I will eventually make up my mind !! Help me out ??? LOL 
Oh Boy , I just love the Social Security office . I have 2 children one is 15 today and I have a 7 year but for some reason my children are not listed on my case . UMMMM , don't we get social security cards for them shortly after they are born ??? I am totally positive that they know who their parents are !! What dumb asses , file an appeal are you serious you idiots !!! 
I hate the Government , their rules are stupid and they are a bunch of no good bastards ! Why don't they try living like a normal person for once ?? And this is for all political parties ! 
My son < PROPMALE > McCormick says that he is going to move to the Bahamas and get his own little island with tanks , helicopters and guns so he can kill people when the invade his island , all the while talking with a lisp and Kaynen Arredondo and I are sitting here busting a gut !! Gotta love kids gruesome imaginations sometimes !! 
thinks the people who create children's shows are either on drugs or seriously disturbed , either way should they really be dealing with children ? 
You always thought that I left myself open but you didn't know I was already broken , I told myself that it wouldn't be so bad , pulling away you took everything I had , you tried to lie and say I was everything , I remember when I said I'm nothing without you but somehow I found a way to get lost in you . - Three Days Grace 
Watching Murders in the Rue Morgue from 1932 with Bela Lugosi !! So many more Bela Lugosi movies to go , then on to < PROPMALE > Karloff , < PROPFIRST > Cushing and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
It's amazing how much pain you hold inside without letting anyone know you're hurting :'( 
It still haunts me , what I did for that Klondike Bar ... 
knows a person who should be hit by bus !!! 
I don't even understand what the hell I'm supposed to do with the white crayon . 
I'm not afraid , to take a stand , everybody come take my hand , we'll walk this road together , through the storm . Whatever , weather , cold or warm just letting you know that you're not alone . Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road -Eminem 
Dear guy who discovered milk , \ 
what were you doing to that cow ? how did u know there was milk ? was it a dare ? were u that lonely ? \ 
from worried and concerned !!!! 
says if ignorance is bliss then there is a shit load of people in paradise !!! 
Short bus 101 : 1 bring your own crayon , 2 only lick the window with your name above it , and 3 . don't pick the Styrofoam from your helmet , someone will eat it ! 
wants you to look in the mirror everyday and make sure you do not look like anyone on peopleofwalmart.com . 
I'm amazing because I can fall up the stairs ! 
When the toilet seat is up , a man can piss with deadly accuracy . When someone leaves the seat down , a man pisses like an epileptic at a disco ! 
Goodnight all ! Going outside , having a cigarette , and then coming back in to watch more episodes or Roswell !! Have a great night ... 
Wonders why people cant leave the high school drama behind them , it gets annoying after awhile , so please grow up and get a life . 
Calm down . Come down cold resides with me . With me . I flee to , I flee to decemberunderground . As you exhale , I breathe into and sink into , the water underground , and I grow pale without you ! - AFI 
wonders if someone driving a VW bug knows they are causing fistfights wherever they go . 
When I walk into Walmart I go to the ball section and I pick up a ball and chant \Pikachu !! i choose you !! \ " and I throw it at someone .! " 
There are no flowers , no not this time . They'll be no angels gracing the lines , just theses stark words , I find . I'd show a smile but I'm too weak and share with you could I only speak , just how much this hurts me . - AFI How I feel today , it's just great 
Don't waste your touch , you won't feel anything . Or were you sent to save me ? I've thought too much , you won't find anything ... Worthy of redeeming ! - AFI 
Jeez , it's a wonder why I hate people so much . Go F* @KING bug someone else for a change . YOU talk shit about people and then ask people for favors . GETTING A F*CKING LIFE PEOPLE !!!! I CAN'T STAND YOU DON'T YOU GET IT YET !!! 
definitely try to get yourself committed at least once , so if you ever accidentally kill someone , a mental history past , and an insanity defense are priceless ! 
Ok , people !! I am going to take a bath and make Lexi's bed so I can make her go to bed , then I will be back so I can send you back all your gifts and finally play my games . So I am so behind on everything life is busy and I still have to study at my Wiccan school . I am so behind what is wrong with me .... LMAO 
Just so my mafia family members know , If I do not gift back Super Pinata's right away it is because I have collected the 5 I could for 12 hours but when I can accept them I will gift them back to you ! Thanks so much for all your help . 
Please send your complaints about me to www.idonotfriggincare.com 
Have had a wonderful morning with my son and our nice long conversation about things . I think we both understand where to go from here , and keep a nice peaceful home for all of us . He is a wonderful kid , with a kind heart like his mother . I love him with all my heart as well as my daughter . Both of them are great kids , who make a few mistakes but it's all good some if it is funny to see and watch . 
Laying down and watch Abott and Costello meet Frankenstein . Having another bliss filled day , thanks to my friends , you are awesome and know who you are ! Love you guys !!! 
Just to let my Mafia family know , that if I join your mission I will complete it . I will use what energy or stamina I have and then come back later to complete it . I don't want anyone thinking I won't finish them , just give me some time to build back up and it will be done . I get about 10-20 requests for them a day but I will get them done if I join them ! 
Is anyone else having trouble loading Cafe World , or is it just my mentally Ill computer !!?? This is the 3rd time in two days I have been having trouble . 
Be right back , have to go take a nice hot bath . It is freezing here so I have to keep warm , although the heat is doing it's job ! 
Embrace me in the dark find me in the light , never let me go dear one as the dark embrace returns . Our love is beyond words , As a vampire's bite the love grows beyond the wounds . We are one and so shall our blood , Drink of my love , drink of my blood . Feel what I feel , hear what I say as our dark embrace returns . Hold me until the morning light , Take me to your grave -The Dark Embrace by Tawni Ledo just a snippet 
Sitting here watching X-Files season 4 and listening to Lexi whine about Petville . Lol 
Ok , I need a life ! On Monday I was on season 4 of X-files , now I have gotten through season 5 and the movie : Fight the Future , now I will be starting season 6 tonight after hangin for a bit on facebook and listening to my new Ipod that my hubby bought me . Jeez , can't I find anything better to do ... LMAO 
Standing in walmart waiting in line at the deli . Can anyone tell me what made me come to Walmart on a Sunday ? LOL 
Riding on that awesome ass Crazy Train ! There's nothing like being crazy , so by all means give it a whirl . I highly recommend it ! 
Nothing .... 
Going to good old < PROPMALE > World again , then off to hubby's doctor to see how his hypoparathyroidism is doing . All I know is he better be taking his meds or I'll have to kick ass . LOL 
Ok , I am on facebook for about an hour or so . I am so sorry I haven't done much the last few days but we have been busy , I am trying to get the gift requests sent back . Now we have COD : Black Ops , so my life has just gotten a little busier . I have to keep my wonderful friends on my games and keep my wonderful friends here as well !! Love ya all and I will get your gifts and requests for help sent to you !! 
I would be on right now but having a bad migraine with tons of neck pain . Be on later or tomorrow ! Have a great night ! 
Facebook is so messed up right now . Going to bed . Hopefully its fixed in the morning ! Have a great night ! 
I'm a monster , I'm a maven . I know this world is changing , Never gave in , never gave up I'm the only thing I'm the only thing I'm afraid . - Kanye West 
What the heck is with Farmville , I click on gifts that are Turkeys and they tell me they aren't found how ridiculous !! Fix this crap Zynga !! 
I'm over this , I'm tired of living in the dark . Can anyone see me down here ? The feeling's gone , there's nothing left to lift me up back into the world I know . - Three Doors Down 
Oh my god , what will I do ? I am on the 9th and last season of X-files when I finish this I will miss Scully and Mulder so much . Oh wait , I still have X-files I Want to Believe I can watch but then no more Mulder and Scully til I break down and watch all 9 seasons and both movies again next year but for now I can say I have watched all 9 seasons 4 times ! I have no life but I'm never bored with life with X-files in it ! 
laying down feeling totally sick to my stomach . I'll be on sometime tomorrow to take care of requests . Have a great night friends ! 
Have a great night all . Too tired to do anything else . See ya tomorrow ! ;) 
So , my laptop's hard drive is fried so I have to share a computer with my husband . I might not be able to get on as much as before , oh well shit happens ! 
Blood does not make you family . In fact blood just links your DNA to the scene of their crime . \ 
-\Titus \"" 
Funny how some of your so-called friends get mad because you talk to people they don't like . Oh well guess that makes me not a good friend . LOL 
Kicking some men's asses on Call of Duty : World at War and loving it . 1.70 kill to death ratio at 4th Prestige . No life yet but desperately trying to find one . LMAO !! 
I think my dad is trying to kill us with his driving LMAO 
Just so everyone knows I hate judgmental people so if you are one , please exit to your left I don't need ya . 
I love everyone and thankful I have the family and friends I have . I don't know what I would do without you . Especially my purple alien friend who sings me to sleep every night ! LMAO JK 
I'm freezing . Help me 
Best game yet 41 kills 9 deaths . Gotta love shooting those boys ... LOL 
Watching Supernatural season 2 , laying on the couch , and getting ready for my mom's great cooking tomorrow . Take care ya'll hopefully be on facebook to collect stuff on Sunday ! Nighty night ! 
Sitting back , drinking Bloody < PROPFIRST>'s trying to find something funny to say but I'm at a loss so I'll just keep sippin ' 
What the hell , I did it all for the nookie ! 
I'm feel so bad . To all my friends and family that have been sending me gifts I should be able to get on later in the day tomorrow to send gifts back . my laptop broke so I have to share a computer for awhile . Thanks so much love and hugs to you all . 
Grab your drink , get on the floor let's dance in the hood shake that ass Hollywood . Hollywood Undead 
Spending the day with my mom , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Lexi and Calleigh . No Christmas shopping involved just groceries lol . Going to Wegmans in Corning , NY then out to lunch . Hope you all have a great day . 
Sorry that I haven't been on but as some of you know my laptop is out of commision so 4 people have to share the same computer , so I don't alway get a < PROPMALE > to get on . I will try tonight to accept some stuff and get stuff back !! Thanks for all the gifts !! 
What do I do that is so wrong ? I try so hard to make sure you have everything you need and more but it's never good enough no matter what I do ! 
I'm scared ! Will you help me ? 
Help me please ! I am actually listening to the Hokey Pokey ! 
I specialize in tripping over my own feet , falling out of chairs , and running into things . What's your talent ??? 
Sorry just too tired to get on right now , meds are just too much . I will be on in the morning to gift back and all that . I appreciate all that you guys do . Thanks so much . Just gonna lay down and watch my Criminal Minds and hopefully not fall asleep but I have a feeling that is what will happen !! 
Hold your family close and love them unconditionally because in the end they are all that matters . - Hotchner 
A house does not sit upon the ground but upon a woman . - old mexican proverb 
\Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls . The most massive characters are seared with scars \"" 
I hope that the person who entered my life without approval goes straight to hell . My son is better than you , your not worth crap . Have a nice life and stay away from my son or you'll have me to deal with , he's better than you'll ever think of being . For those of you that have to talk shit stay out of our lives forever !! 
I love everyone ! I don't care where you came from , how much money you have or don't , what race or ethnicity you are ! you can be my arch-enemy I still love you ! have a great day all ! 
Well as luck would have it , I now have no computer at all . My son says it's not his fault but he used both of them last before they both crashed . You do the math , I'm thinking it's him ! 
Thanking all my friends , old and new for always being there ! I love all of you for your special ways that you show your love back ! 
My daughter is collecting Pennies for Patients , it's for leukemia patients . North Penn and Blossburg Elementary are doing it for the next 3 weeks . I think it's awesome . Makes me remember my Uncle < PROPFIRST > , miss u and love u . 
Bury me deep just to cover my sins , my soul is redeemed as the journey begins . - Ozzy Osbourne Back on Earth 
I'm already thinking of plants for the Spring and Summer . I kill plants though so what are some easy flowers and veggies to take care of ? 
Sick as hell , with a fever of 101 . Coughing , lungs kill me , and achy everywhere . But hey looking to the bright side of things I get to see baby < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow just hoping to feel a lot better ! 
Watching horror movies and loving it ! watched 2 Fangoria movies : the Haunting and Fragile awesome movies ! Now on to an 8 films to die for movie : Lake Mungo we'll see if its good ! 
Going to try to get back on later to catch up with everyone ! I miss all of you and can't wait to get playing games with you again !! 
used to be a strong confident independent rocker b*tch with a f*cking personality ... when did I allow myself to become a f*cking doormat !? Time to stand up !!! 
Counting down the days til I get my new tattoo ! 4 days til I get to sit in a chair for 4 hours getting a needle jabbed in me about a million times , yay !!! It's gonna be awesome !! 
I would like my FB friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet half won't read the instructions right . 
is thinking of doing something to someone involving duct tape , a box of fruit , a half cooked chicken , iced tea , and LOADS of Gummy Bears ... don't judge me ... 
Fair warning . I bought a new shovel today and I haven't decided who to use it on yet . Now , who wants to annoy me next ? 
I'm sorry , I see you fell from the ugly tree , hit every branch and landed in the stupid bush ! 
Getting my tattoo done right now ! post pictures when its done ! doesn't hurt too bad , but it is awesome looking ! 
Watching Smallville and doing laundry ! have to clean this morning as well but figured I would stop for a few and send you back some of your requests for the games ! I am so loving my new tattoo and have a new one all picked out for next year ! For you comic book fans out there , it will be Dr. Fate on my left calf I will post the pic later . It's awesome ! 
I'm gonna cut the sleeves off my snuggie so I can look tough . 
Mr. owl ... How many drugs does it take to talk to animals in the woods about lollipops ? 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : And If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ......!! 
I really , really hate people who think they can put one over on me ! You're an idiot 
I don't know what's wrong with the world today but I have some people near me that I wish weren't! They're worthless I just think they haven't figured it out yet ! You make me sick and please quit telling me the things about your kids that you think are cute because I think they're absolutely disgusting ! I think you need some class , too bad I can't give you any ... lol 
Well thanks to some retarded bitches that live next door to me , I don't have a cell phone anymore so don't text me or your phone might blow up !!! JK But no more texting till I get my new phone , when they should actually be paying for it but guess what they are on welfare .... LMAO !!!! 
Been having some problems as of late getting on facebook but I will be on later this afternoon or tonight to gift back . I apologize for being so slow ! 
I don't know what is up with Farmville , everytime I enter the game and have gifts still in my game requests they disappear , so if you didn't get gifts back from me or any requests done this is why . Sorry about that !! 
Got my new phone so you can text me now ! 
I think there's something wrong with me ! Oh crap , there is but I can't share it with you ! 
