is searching for a weekend getaway location for her 10th wedding anniversary next weekend . 

I think my new year's resolution will be not to procrastinate but I I will wait until tomorrow to start . 
Went to Stone Mountain last night for a cookout with < PROPMALE>'s Co-workers . It was great . We closed the park down at 11:30 pm ! 
I got to wake up to my beautiful stainless steel frige dying this morning . Its now unplugged so I might get another hour sleep now . Looks like the raost pork is ready to go in the slow cooker early ! 
Travelling to Florida tomorrow for the 20 year high school reunion ! Do you find yourself saying more often that you are starting to feel old ? 
I have had a great time catching up last night and today at the reunion activities . Tonight is the last event and then heading back to Atlanta tomorrow . 
Just got back to Atlanta from the reunion weekend . Had a great time ! Have to go unpack so I can pack again . Leaving tomorrow for Toronto for for a few days for work . 
In Toronto ! Finally arrived last night at 1am in the morning after 4 hour delay and 5 gate changes at the airport . 
is spending time on facebaook while the husband mows the lawn :) 
just got back from a stroll around < PROPFEMALE > Square . It is a wonderful night out here in < PROPFEMALE > . 
really could use one more day before going back to work tomorrow . 
is off to buy a birthday present for the next door neighbor . 
is pretty bumped out . Getting the \unable to start\ " message on the home computer and have tried for 4 days to fix it . " 
is catching up on some housework today while < PROPMALE > is in Florida visiting family the next few days . 
is watching \You don't mess with the Zohan\ " . I make you silky smooth . " 
is trying to decide to paint this weekend or not . I know , that sounds exciting . 
It is the end of a long week . Haven't been on Facebook for about 5 days ! Glad to cathc up with everyone once again . 
is wasting time on Facebook quizzes . So far I have been called a bitch , compared to < PROPFEMALE > Hudson in How to Lose a Guy in 10 days , my stripper name is Glitzhshimmer and my random email suggestion was Smelly Legs 37 . I need to find a quiz that lifts my spi 
Working from home today . On a facebook break . Now back to work ... 
51 MPGs this week on the Honda Insight . Woo hoo ! 
is waiting on chinese food to arrive . Quiet night at home . < PROPMALE > and I are going to watch a movie . 
My mother arrives tomorrow for a 10 day visit . She is coming up from Florida . Any suggestions ? 
Went to Nashville Wed/Thurs . Stayed at the Opryland Hotel and toured Opry Land theatre . It was great . 
Off to Cherokee NC tomorrow morning for the weekend . Going to Harrah's to see if we can win any money ! Mama needs a new pair of shoes . 
In Cherokee NC , my mother won $ 3,200 at Harrahs yesterday in about 1.5 hours . I don't know how she does it ! Mama's going to get a new pair of shoes . 
is watching Monday night football . Not a fan of pre-season games but checking out my fantasy drafts to see how they are doing . 
is wondering if anyone has ever thought that nature is trying to eradicate humans ? 
has to go pack . Off to North < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . A few days furniture shopping then off to Hot Springs Spa ( north of Asheville ) . A cabin in the Smokey Mountains , no TV , no phone , for three days . aaaahhhhhh . 
is in NC . Bought some furniture . I'm sick , < PROPMALE > is sick . We are pushing through and going to the Apple Festival in Hendersonville today . 
Heading to the Apple Festival today in Henersonville NC ( didn't make it yesterday . 
Watching Fox Pre-game show , reviewing my Fantasy Football picks , ready to watch Atlanta Falcons , Gators won yesterday ... Football good . 
It's great to be 1-0 in fantasy football . But then again , half the people that play are now 1-0 . 
New furniture was deleivered today ! 
Go Gators ! 
Staying in middle GA tonight , driving back from Florida . Wow , there is nothing out here . 
Bowling tomorrow . Last week I got a 175 , all time best ! 
made homemade beef jerky . Yum ! 
Gators Rule ! Why did LSU think they could have won last night when they don't have an offense ? 
In Daytona for the weekend . Go Gators ! It was a scare but they prevailed . It goes in the win column . 
Just got back into Atlanta . Long drive . 
Almost burned down the house tonight , literally ! In my attempt to make french fries , the oil got too hot and over flowed on a gas stove . Quick thinking , I managed to shut off the gas , possibly 1 second away from kaboom . Oops . < PROPMALE > cleaned up the mess :) 
Joined a gym . Worked out last night and tonight . Yeah me . 
Getting ready to watch the game . GO GATORS ! 
Drinking Coffee , making fantasy football picks , the sun is shining . Its a good morning . 
is going to Clearwater for the weekend . 
really debating to cut my hair shoulder length ! I need your help to decide . That means about 10 inches would gone , gone forever , never to be able to be attached again . Well , until it grows back . Thoughts ? 
is patiently awaiting the potential snow fall in the morning . 
Good workout at the gym tonight . 
< PROPMALE > baked an apple pie today . How nice . 
made it to the gym today . Yeah me . 
got a 279 in Wii bowling ! 
is drinking coffee in her new Eco mug . 
1/1/11 
Go Gators ! We will miss you Urban . 
is making home made beef jerky . Yum ! 
Schwann's lady came and made a delivery . 
Finally a few snow sprinkles in Atlanta . Just enough to say aaawwwwhhhh . 
is bummed . Can't leave the house due to ice on the road so no weekend getaway for our 10th anniversary . Attempted to drive out of the neighborhood and couldn't make it and had to turn around . We didn't want the headlines tomorrow to read \stupid people trying to drive on ice crash \"" 
packing for a St. < PROPFIRST > trip this weekend . 
< PROPMALE>'s son and wife ( < PROPMALE > n and < PROPFEMALE > ) welcomed a new baby into the world early today ! < PROPMALE > n < PROPFIRST > Stone was born 0237 Tokyo time on the 24th . He was 9lbs . 1oz . and 20 1/4in long . 
is off to Chicago on Tuesday for the week . 
just arrived back in Atlanta . Had a great trip to Chicago , even though it was 5 degrees this morning . 
Crazy Monday . 
is back from a restful vacation . 
is relaxing today . 
has too many things to do . Having trouble prioritizing . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Warning : Atlanta will be closed tomorrow due to a < PROPMALE > of snow . 
How you doin' ? 
Anyone seen the new \Telephone\ " video from Lady Gaga ? What do you think ? " 
just got back from getting my hair cut . It actually has some style to it now . 
why does packing take me so long ? 
Flight to < PROPMALE > $250 , 2 night hotel stay at Disney Boardwalk Inn $350 , Meals , expenses and park entrance fees $200 , having your company pick up the tab because it is a \company meeting\ " priceless . In < PROPMALE > this week for 3 days . Woe is me . " 
had a great time in < PROPMALE > at Disney's Boardwalk for my company meeting . Now back to reality . Well almost , I have to drive back to Atlanta tomorrow . 
got to tour the Disney Utilidor ! Fascinating to see the underground and behind the scenes for Disney and Epcot . 
Home sweet home . 
good morning . 
Spring arrived in Atlanta today ! 
Can't believe Syracuse lost . There goes my braket . 
Why do people say \5 minutes\ " when you are waiting when they really mean 35 minutes ? " 
Headed out to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Festival in Macon , GA today . They say to have over 300,000 trees which is the most in the world . Hope to get some great pics ! 
has new neighbors moving in across the street . 
Just got back from the Atlanta Thrashers game . Suite tickets , free beer . nice . 
Back from Toronto and Niagra Falls . Back to Toronto on Monday .... 
Need Duke to make it it the championship game so my bracket can stay alive ! 
Back from Toronto , again . 
had a great day . 
had another great day ! 
Great sleep is when you wake up at 6:30 on a Saturday and are actually able to fall back to sleep for 3 hours . Aaahhhh . 
Just had dinner outside on the deck . Great weather in Atlanta today . 
Drinks and fun at Pappasito's tonight . Great approach to the weekend :) 
is packing for Chicago trip this week ... 
Just getting home from Chicago . Love flying out of that city at night to see the city lights . 
Way to go Tebow . Pick #25 ! 
Enjoyed the Taste of < PROPFEMALE > festival today . Great day , perfect weather . 
making brownies for my team . 
Watched the sun rise today on my flight from Atlanta to Chicago then watched the sunset on my way back from Chicago . Yeah , a long day . 
Fun team meeting at the Atlanta Botanical Gardens at Piedmont Park today . 
is chillin 
made it to the bowling championship next week ! It's #1 against #2 . Let's go ! 
makin ' coffee . Havin ' coffee talk . Coffee-rama . 
Won the bowling championship today !!! Woo hoo ... 
just got back from working out at the gym . yeah me . 
Actually getting things done today rather than just thinking about it . 
59 MPGs today . Go Honda Insight ! 
Packing for a trip to South < PROPFEMALE > . Go to be there all week to see Mt . Rushmore , Crazy Horse , the Badlands , < PROPFIRST > Cave , and Stugis . I'll just call it my National Parks tour . 
Go USA ! Awesome last minute goal ! 
It's over !! 68-70 , Isner ! 
Lost my car key at work . Had to hitch a ride home . What does the magic 8 ball say about finding it tomorrow ? 
He's going to Miami Heat ..... 
A < PROPFIRST > Adams just capped off my day . 
was a victim of heat exhaustion last night . It wasn't fun . 
Making Chili for a Chili cook-off . Thought I would add actual chili peppers but now realize that I really don't know how to do that . Chili pepper guts are now all over the kitchen and everything I touch burns , my hands , my forehead , my lips , everything . 
Amazing Day to share with you !!! So in the chili cook-off at work , I won 1st place out of 14 participants . The amazing part is to see the CEO and CFO of Coca-Cola Enterprises actual do the judging and award you the blue ribbon !! Great moment . 
is off to Boston until Tuesday for a Forecasting Conference . 
is having the best week ever . 
my vote is for Miss Mexico 
just got back from the Fox Theatre ( I was a first timer ) . It was a fun experience that was preceeded by a dinner at melting pot . Yum ! 
just got home after walking a 5K after work ( I like the sound of that versus saying 3.1 < PROPMALE > , it sounds more impressive ) . 
' s IPOD Shuffle stopped working :( 
Gator party at the Ale House in Alpharetta today at 4pm . Woo hoo ! 
So excited ! Just won Florida/Georgia football tickets for Oct 30th in Jax !! It will be my first time to the largest outdoor cocktail party ! 
In Asheville , NC for the Apple Festival and then off to Hot Springs , NC tomorrow for two days . No TV , no phones , no computer . Ahhhhh rest ...... 
50.4 MPGs on our NC trip ! 665 < PROPMALE > . Go Honda Insight ! 
Go Gators ! ( sorry Tampa Crew ) 
Looking forward to my first ever 5K event tomorrow afternoon in downtown Atlanta . About 15,000 people are participating . Wish me luck . 
Heading out to St. Andrews Bar in Buckhead this afternoon to watch the Gators chomp on Vols . Go Gators .... 
Getting ready to watch Fox pre-game show to finalize my fantasy pics ! 
At Summit's Wayside Tavern watching the game . Go Gators ! 
Listening to soft rain , drinking coffee with my husband , aaaahhh Sunday morning . 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > Johnson , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are all Marines that gave their lives this week , no media mention . Honor THEM by reposting . 
I'm coming to Clearwater for the weekend ! On the road Thursday . 
got high score in one of my fantasy football leagues over the weekend but have to work on the win column ( 2-2 ) . 
Making my award winning chili to bring into work tomorrow for my team :) 
Going to East Andrews Bar in Buckhead tonight for the Gator game . Anyone want to join me ? 
So what were you doing at 10/10/10 10:10:10 this morning ? 
Off to Miami on Monday .... 
is attending the Executive Women of Goizetta Conference in Buckhead on Friday . 
is enjoying good < PROPFEMALE > . 
Going to the Highlands Pub to watch the Florida game . Go Gators ! We need a win . 
For you Longaberger Basket fans out there , I am attending a Longaberger event tomorrow night here in Atlanta and < PROPFEMALE > Longaerger will be attending ! Should be fun .... 
Is anyone using TweetDeck ? I just installed it so in the learning stage . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( #aplusk live at http://ustre.am/2eOa ) 
is getting ready to go to a girls night out party in Buckhead . Fun ! 
is cooking salmon that a friend caught in Alaska . Can't wait to try it . 
is at the Florida < PROPFEMALE > Classis this weekend enjoying the largest outdoor cocktail party ! 
my mother is flying into town tomorrow for a week long visit in Atlanta . 
Lunch at Murphy's in < PROPFEMALE > Highlands today . What a great place . 
has tickets to the opening night of Cirque Du Soleil's OVO tonight in Atlanta . 
is enjoying a vacation day ! 
watching the Gator's game at East Andrews in Buckhead today . Go Gators ! 
What are you doing with your extra hour today ? 
is going to have Dim Sum for lunch today ! I have never had it in Atlanta before so I will be comparing it to San < PROPFIRST > . Let's see how it compares . 
had a great day and will be in the bowling championship game at work next Friday ! 
off to East Andrews in Buckhead to cheer on the Gators . Let's make it to the SEC championship game ! 
In Daytona Beach enjoying the warm weather ... 
in Clearwater for the next few days . The Hard Rock Casino is on the schedule today ! 
finally back in ATL after a 10 hour drive . XM is a great companion :) 
In need of motivation after a week long break . What motivates you ? 
Home alone today . What to do ... 
Snow flurries this morning . They were small , there were few , but I saw them ! 
Do ever wonder how much time and resources could be saved if people would just stop and listen and then actually understand what you are saying ? 
Making peanut butter cookies tonight to pay off all my favor requests at work this week :) 
Had a great time tonight .... 
Fantasy Football line-ups are set for the first week of playoffs . Let's hope there will be a second week of playoffs for my team :) 
Anxiously awaiting the < PROPMALE > of snow . 
Yummy sushi lunch today , oh and with good company :) 
So glad to be home !! 2 hour drive home from work on icy roads that no one expected . Lost control of the car several times and it took 10 minutes to get to the house once in my neighborhood . There will be about 100+ accidents in Atlanta tonight . Be safe . 
Finally met a beer I didn't like . It was an IPA that a \Brewer for the Day\ " at Sweetwater created and they served it tonight at Summits . Had to follow it with one of my favorites .... Yuengling . " 
coffee talk 
Can I borrow two extra hands for the next few days ? 
Waiting on my second wind so I can get through the week ... 
All I want for Christimas is ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . I hope < PROPFEMALE > is working his way back to ATL to bring a little snow . 
My first Christmas Dinner that I ever had to make ( believe it or not ) , thought it was a success . Now time for wine and relaxing . 
It has taken 4 days , but my cold has finally arrived in full force :( 
< PROPFIRST > Webb is going to get killed tonight ! Don't know who that is ? Exactly my point . 
When I picked up my pizza at Papa Johns tonight , the guy behind the counter said \I think you are very pretty\ " . Hmmmm . I thought that was odd to say . I guess I know where to go if I ever need a pick-me-up :) " 
If anyone would like 4 tickets to East Andrews Bash tonight in Buckhead , let me know . I have 4 tickets waiting at the door that you can have ! 
So happy to have one more day before going back to work ! My mother is visiting for one final day and then flying back to Florida Tuesday morning . 
It is finally here in full force . No snow an hour ago and now an inch already and coming down fast . Love it ! 
Ice now covering the driveway . As you stomp through the snow/ice on the lawn , the sheet of ice on the lawn makes about a 6 foot crack . Not sure when this will melt but fun to watch . 
Wanted to let everyone know < PROPMALE > had shoulder surgery yesterday to repair his rotator cuff ( 3rd time around ) . He is doing fine but in some pain . 4-6 week recovery time . 
Spam alert : If you see a post that states \My total facebook views are : 5714\ " I believe this is spam since I have seen it posted by three friends including myself (?) . I would not suggest to click on the link . " 
really wish I could get some sleep ... 
Risk of the day : Calling Packers and Jets to be victorious 
Fun time at < PROPMALE > & Busters tonight with the team . 
just checked in at home . Woohoo ! 
It is Saturday , right ? Feels like a work from home day :( 
mmm ... Chai tea to finally relax for a few minutes to end the weekend . 
What a fun play to end the Pro Bowl game . You go < PROPMALE > ! 
Rain and traffic . A perfect Monday morning . 
what is < PROPMALE>'s forecast accuracy ? 
One more work day , then a week vacation ! I have earned this one . 
WTG Gators ! 
gorgeous < PROPFEMALE > out tonight . 
I am going to make today a great day . 
It's here . Now what . 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes . The big one is finally here . I have to make it a great year not just a great day :) 
Just got back from a massage . I think this will be my new monthly routine :) 
just got back from the gym :) 
Did everyone have a great day ? 
My husband's son < PROPFIRST > lives north of Tokyo with his wife and four children . We have not yet heard anything form them so I hope they are safe . 
Just now received word from < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > in Japan . They are ok and just now received power . Ironically , the people closest to the disaster with no power the last 24+ hours are the ones that have no idea what just happened . So glad to hear from hear from them ! 
Spring has arrived in Atlanta . What to do first today .... 
:( 
Relaxed :) . Just got back from a massage . 
The Dogwoods are in bloom in Atlanta . 
No power this morning . 
Heading to the Dogwood Festival :) 
The dry cleaners turned my favorite white < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > sweater into a lovely shade of pink . Nice :( 
Met the \Cake Boss\ " today and had a yummy piece of a 6 foot tall Coca-Cola Bottle Cake he made for the Shareholders Meetings celebrating 125 years . " 
Having a Maredsous :) 
On < PROPFEMALE > for the first time . Heading downtown Atlanta to the Coca-Cola 125th Birthday Celebration . 
