is off to OKC . 

shortly will be attempting her first 14er of the year . Hooray for glorious Colorado mountains ! 
loves mountains . Quandary Peak = possibly new fave 14er . 
is wicked excited for Wicked ! 
has a new sushi fave - the spider roll ! ( Thanks < PROPMALE > ! Thanks < PROPFIRST >!) 
is admiring her pretty new laptop , and hoping to hook up her wireless router . 
might just knit herself some HP socks . 
is attempting to create a book trailer . Thank god for creativecommons.org! 
can finally relax - her big presentation is done . Oh joyous day ! 
had shark for lunch . What'd you have ? 
needs to give the cat a bath . Anyone have a spare suit of armor she can borrow ? 
thinks the whirlpool & Sinatra sounds like a good combination . 
just completed the last assignment in her tech class . Two courses down , one to go , and then school freedom ( for a couple weeks ) . 
recommends you go see Orphan . 
is eager to see pretty peaks . 
is headed back home after a great vacation . 
is about to head to Emporia for Fall semester's first class weekend . 
is learnin ' stuff . 
thinks a long run outside tomorrow sounds like a good idea . 
is looking for a partner for the < PROPFEMALE > thon relay on Oct . 18 ( 1/2 < PROPFEMALE > . each person ) . Anyone interested ? 
has discovered it is great fun to run with a friend . 
has a strong < PROPFEMALE > to listen to some Bonzo Dog Band . The < PROPFEMALE > is hampered a bit by the fact that she doesn't actually own any of their albums . 
' s new shoes are breaking her in , not the other way around . 
is signed up for the Johnston's 1/2 marathon in Sept ! 
is ecstatic - she ate 11 < PROPMALE > for brunch . And now she'd like a burger the size of her head , please . 
needs to hit up Lowe's for some building materials so she can make Apollo a stand for her new tank . ( Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE >!) 
wishes her house could paint itself . Since it can't ... 
now officially loves card-making . Crap . Oh yeah , and hooray NFL ! 
thinks it's a pizza kind of day . 
and Bon Jovi are making PB rice treats . 
is super excited for Sunday's 1/2 marathon !! 
is running a half-marathon !!!! Hoping to post a new PR .... :D 
2:22:47 - a new PR ! Perfect weather + scenic course = highly enjoyable 1/2 marathon . 
is KC-bound . Go Red Sox !!! 
had a great time celebrating < PROPFIRST>'s birthday in KC ! Must visit KC more often ... 
off to < PROPFEMALE > out with a couple dozen librarian wannabes and learn about information theories for the weekend . 
love to laugh ( ha ha ha ha ) loud and long and clear ! 
is crafty-ish . 
loves the smell of decaying leaves . 
is going to forget to make her picks one of these weeks . 
likes ' em happy and shiny . 
would love to visit a laughing club . 
' s focus is missing . If you find it , can you send it back to her ? Thanks ! 
loves wearing PJs to work and all , but is oh so glad to put on real pants . 
is off to Emporia for a couple days . Seems like she was just there ! Looking forward to seeing her sis when she gets back , though ! 
: go light , go fast ... ish . 
' s got her groove back . 
is celebrating WICKED style ! 
is overwhelmed with thanks to you all for the birthday wishes . :) 
wishes Becca and < PROPFEMALE > good luck running the < PROPFEMALE > Corps Marathon in D.C. tomorrow !!! 
thinks she'll use her one day off and : go to B&N ; go to < PROPFIRST>'s; go see Zombieland ; clean house ; fire up some calzones ; watch the Eagles beat her Redskins ... 
would go for a walk on the beach if there were one nearby . 
is fiddling with wire in the hopes of making funky jewelry . 
is looking forward to a weekend completely off - no work , no classes ! 
JUST WON TRANS-SIBERIAN ORCHESTRA TICKETS !!!!!!!!! WAAAAHHHHOOOOO !!!! 
has a candle burning and dinner stewing on the stove . Thus , her house smells fabulous ! 
is on her way to the Trans Siberian Orchestra concert ! 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
might just have to get Wichita Grand Opera season tickets next year . 
thinks BMX looks so fun . 
is twitchy . 
has learned of a new Wichita buffet that includes : cow stomach ; and chicken feet ( yes , to eat ) . Must visit that establishment to add to her list of foods tried ... 
is a delicate medium-sized flower . 
ordered a photo print of herself and < PROPFIRST > on a mt . and somehow ended up with a picture of some people in Cabo posing with a dolphin . 
' s last class weekend is upon her . As of Saturday evening , no more in-person class until February ! 
is having a homework and football kind of day . 
needs to take a break from knitting for other people and knit for herself . It's not like there are any holidays coming up or anything . 
would go on and on about the yummy goat curry she had today , but she has a tendency to talk about goat a bit much , so she'll opt not to go on and on about the yummy goat curry she had today ... 
lost a button off her pants at work today . Thankfully no one appeared to notice . 
really needs to access her school email , and the blasted server is down ! Gar !!!!! 
is writing a paper , and then writing another , and then editing another one . 
thinks a 4-miler sounds lovely right about now . 
thinks it'd be nice to own a piano . 
apparently needs more foosball practice . Lots more . 
wishes everyone a Happy Thanksgiving . She is thankful for her big Italian nose and how it can smell all the delicious Thanksgiving food . And she's especially thankful for her kooky crazy family . :P 
is on Team < PROPMALE > . He's hot . 
' s Monday-day-off plans : see New < PROPFEMALE > ( 12:45 /13th st. if interested ! ) ; go to Towne East mall ; go to Goodwill to find the ugliest of ugly sweaters ; swing by Walmart for dinner fixings ; start writing her final paper ; have dinner and watch some football ! 
gives pumpkin spice coffee creamer two enthusiastic thumbs up ! 
is craving cheesecake buried in cherries . 
is glad she cheated and looked ahead to the end of that book because she found out that everyone DIED ! She doesn't want to read a book where all the characters DIE ! Stupid useless book ! 
has a feeling her Christmas tree won't get put up this year either . 
is looking forward to good company , good food , football , and maybe a little Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . 
can't decide : < PROPMALE > Roark or Mr. < PROPFEMALE > ? 
is baking cookies and listening to festive tunes . 
is amazed at how much better she feels now that school is over for the semester . No stress , no pressure , hooray times five ! 
: blessed are the mini marshmallows . 
' s making today a festive day - going Christmas shopping , wrapping gifts , putting up the tree ( umm ... maybe ) , and later going to see an ice skating holiday show . Christmas spirit is here today ! 
needs to run 20.4 more < PROPMALE > to hit 400 < PROPMALE > in 2009 ! 
is a little bit obsessed with food and should have been a pastry chef . 
wants a Wii ! And she challenges everyone to that sword fighting game - no one can beat her . 
should have put up her tree so she'd have somewhere to put these presents . 
is crossing her fingers for a day off tomorrow ... 
thinks nothing says Christmas like cheeseball , Bing Crosby and football . And knitting . And phone calls to family . And cornish game hens the size of softballs . And ribbon < PROPFEMALE > . And ... 
has lovely plum-colored yarn and a terrific pattern , but out of all her bazillion needles she doesn't have the proper sized one to knit this sweater ! *@%# !!!!!!! 
just got a late Christmas gift of a scholarship from ESU/SLIM . Woot woot ! 
is having french toast ( swimming in pure VT < PROPFEMALE > syrup ) for breakfast , then later plans to brave the mall for some pretty new Going Out top(s ) . And then squeak in a little football to round out the weekend . 
' s home gym will soon grow - an exercise bike is in her near future . 
plans to attempt a new craft - glass etching . Anyone have any experience with it ? 
is tired of winter , and is very much ready for spring , please . 
ready to ring in the New Year my way - running the Frosty 5k . 
saw half of an edited version of Midnight Meat Train a few days ago ... and am still freaked out . That movie gets my vote for most disturbing and depraved movie ever . Can't imagine what the unedited version is like ! * shiver * 
forgot what she was going to post as a status update , but she's sure it was going to be profound . 
never realized she had nodes on the back of her neck until one of the suckers decided to swell . 
thinks tonight might be a good night to curl up with The Tao of Pooh for a little mental massage . 
plans to bake some bread today . Yum ! 
loves Apples to Apples !!! 
would not make a very good ninja . 
is totally amped for Rigoletto ! 
gets to see one of her sisters tonight , and hopefully coerce her into doin ' up some karaoke !!! 
has exercised her extrovert side last couple of days ; now it's time to bask in introvertland and knit , knit , knit the day away ! ( And toss in a brief excursion for Chinese . ) 
is tempted to tell the stylist to chop it to the chin ... but thinks she'll just stick with the regular . 
kicks her 3-day weekend off with ... homework ! 
Happy birthday , Ayn Rand ! Thank you for giving us < PROPMALE > Roark ! 
eggplant parmesan . 
' s cat needs an exorcism . 
Bollywood , baby . 
about to head in for workday #10 in a row . Ugh ! This is the work week that just won't die !!! 
is baking chocolate chip cookies !!! 
' s PSA : do not leave your car's roof light on and then fly to FL for a week . On a more positive note , fLoRiDa was fabulous , and AAA is awesome . 
watched an episode of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and now wants to take an oil painting class . 
can't wait for warmer weather for tennis and rollerblading !! 
is in class right now , scrubbin ' out in pjs . Ahhh , the joys of online class meetings !! 
has the sudden urge to watch Earth Girls Are Easy . 
' s day : baking bread ; cleaning house ; watching hockey ! 
is super duper ! 
doesn't think it's a good thing to smell like lunch . 
is contemplating an attempt at hand painting some yarn . 
is going to enjoy her random Friday off by doing homework ! How exciting ! You know you're jealous . 
SPAMALOT IS COMING TO WICHITA NEXT YEAR ! AAAAAAAHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
saw some guy sneeze in his truck , so she used telepathy to bless him . Good deed for the day : check ! 
baking blueberry muffins , cleaning house , finishing her shawl , ice skating , dinner with friends = great day off ! 
hates vicious cycles . They're vicious . 
is spending the evening with Bon Jovi !!!! 
is the baddest knitting kninja ever ! 
would love to take that pastels class , but ... 9 weeks ? 
Salt n ' Vinegar chips = breakfast of champions . 
is hoping that this wonderful sun will inspire her to get back into running ! 
is looking forward to pastels class tonight ! 
Thursday is the new Friday ... at least this week ! 
is planning to satisfy her craving for goat while in Overland Park this weekend . 
' s car payment is no more . It has ceased to be . It's expired and gone to meet its maker . 
has declared war on the moles . 
is looking forward to tomorrow's 10k , even though she'll probably die . 
thinks coffee tastes even that much more awesome after a run . 
is looking forward to tomorrow's crafty time ! 
really really loves spring . Really . Especially the brilliant green of new leaves . 
loves that magic marker smell . 
managed to make it through at least half of Paranormal Activity before getting motion sick ... 
oh yeah , Mega Piranha !! 
is suffering from allergies , but is still going to attempt a 6-miler this morning . 
hair cut cut cut cut cut ... 
shampooed the living room carpet , and it looks sooooooooo much better ! 
' s pie crusts get better every time ... 
probably should start working on her big paper because , you know , it's due Sunday and all . 
The proper response to Thank You is You're Welcome , and the first r in Library is not silent . 
has decided that m&ms are kind of awesome . 
really does live in a bubble . Or maybe a cartoon . No wait - a Disney movie , with lots of bunnies , birds and singing turtles . 
is in a chick flick kind of mood . Perhaps a chick flick kind of gtg is in order ! 
just finished her 5th pastels class ... and has yet to finish her first painting . Next week for sure ! 
has an irrational fear of the left side of the garage . 
Three day weekend ! Three day weekend ! Shopping , fishing , reading , knitting , running , baking , homework ... 
wants your corks ! Could you save your wine corks for me for a craft ? ( This applies to local people only , unless you're willing to mail . ) Thanks for your help ! 
today is my last Tuesday evening shift ! Next week = the switch to Thursday nights . 
gets to go visit some middle schoolers today . Hopefully I make it out alive ... 
had a rough couple of days . Methinks chocolate chip cookies are in order . 
' s husband is so sweet , going out and getting her some ice cream . :) 
one class down , one to go for spring semester ! One more paper to write , then .... finis ! 
fell while rollerblading , but made sure to land on her bum instead of any breakable parts . Crossing fingers for a sensational bruise ... 
is amped for an 8-miler this morning ! New route - detour past the alpacas ... 
gettin ' crafty . 
thought about having a party , but thinks she might need to just enjoy a quick getaway on her next 3-day weekend . Especially since she has , like , 1 week off between spring and summer semesters . 
loves seeing the RiverFest food court tents go up - especially because that means that next week there will be funnel cake !!!! 
was nearly viciously attacked by a brown recluse last night . Recluses really need to learn that such aggression will only end in their death . 
According to some 1st graders , I : look like I'm 19 ; look like < PROPFEMALE > Peach ; have pretty eyelashes . 
remembers why she loves high heels . Yet she also remembers why she does not wear high heels to work . 
wants to enter a food eating contest . Cheesecake . Or maybe snickerdoodles . Ooooh , or maybe < PROPFEMALE > syrup drinking ... 
just turned in her last assignment for spring semester ! Now to enjoy the 1 week break until summer semester starts ... 
can't decide what to do during her 3-day weekend ! Ahh , the possiblities ... 
really should clean , bake cookies , and go for a run . However , I'm experiencing an attack of the lazies , and is thusly going to knit and watch Beauty and the Beast . 
is thirsty . ;) 
casino time ! 
thinks it's a good idea to bake cookies on a full stomach . 
plans to give blood tomorrow afternoon around 4 . Feel free to join me ! Red Cross better take my blood this time , or I'll have to go < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on them . 
is ready for her first school weekend in Emporia ! 
probably should not sit next to the window in class , especially on such a beautiful day ! 
needs to interview someone about an information need ! So if anyone is trying to find information on something , or do research on something , and wouldn't mind being interviewed , please let me know ! 
is not very good at disciplining her cats . They get away with a lot of nonsense . 
feels the need to shake things up . 
thanks everyone , again , for all the anniversary wishes ! 
wants to go swimming . A shame that I don't know how to swim ... 
is just a little bit sad that I won't be attending tonight's Korn concert . :( :( :( Ok , maybe a lot sad . 
survived the first day of summer reading club ! So what that her voice is practically gone and she's freaking exhausted ! 
is in the canyons of your mind . 
has discovered that she's actually not really afraid of heights ! 
' s husband is NOT allowed to have a pet rattlesnake ! 
wonders why on earth she's craving chocolate cake . 
was not satisfied with the 5k , so ... time to go for a jog ! 
mmm ... muddy buddies . 
thinks that went VERY well !!!! :D 
will just do homework since no one is coming to craft night . :P 
moooooooovin ' on ! 
note to self : no head-banging during storytime . Next day = ouch ! 
gets to go to the uber exciting town of Emporia this weekend ! :D 
needs to find the motivation to get started on one of about a million papers due this summer . 
thinks it should be illegal for hotels to serve such ridiculously terrible coffee . 
' s red-cardi-in-progress is going to visit the back of the closet until she can stand to fix the huge mistake she made . She really wanted to work on that pink tee anyway ... 
is happy . :) 
' s excitement for the night : flat tire on I-135 . Stupid weird metal debris ! Very thankful for the super helpful highway patrol . ( And I'm sure the other 5 people with flat tires felt the same way ... ) 
only a week and a half ' til Becca's here !!!! :D 
finally gets a day off ! Plans are : house cleaning ; harvest some peaches ; go see the newest Shrek ; go to Goodwill ; spend some time outside ; make a super awesome dinner ; maybe squeeze in watching Vertigo . 
is a very patient person , but is getting really close to my limit . I really need to take a good friend's advice on this one . Either that or take boxing lessons ... 
puppet show day ! 
do the roar . 
just got her first issue of Vogue Knitting . Wahoo !! 
might have to take a trip down to OK this weekend just to get a yummy Dunkie's Coolatta . 
writing this < PROPMALE > is difficult , and not so much fun . And it's only a prelim draft . * sigh * 
yummmm .... peanut butter rice treats .... 
has discovered that purple finches aren't birds - they're actually pigs . Greedy beasts ! 
found it momentarily a little startling to see a snake skin in the trash can . 
late night last night + long workday today = awesome zzzzs tonight . 
found her pants , it's her Friday , and Becca's coming !! Hooray super day ! 
had such an awesome time last night ! 
feels refreshed and relaxed , thanks to a quick getaway ! 
tapped into her inner child and had < PROPMALE > ' n cheese for dinner . 
:P That's right - I did just stick out my tongue at you . :D 
is off to Emporia for my next to last school weekend ever . 
' s husband claims that I would not be pleased to be surprised with the gift of a white kitten . What a silly , silly man ! 
running ! tennis ! storms ? homework . 
can't wait - new phone on its way ! 
beware the Jubjub bird , and shun the frumious Bandersnatch ! 
feels so light-hearted , even though I'm in the most stressful part of the semester . Could it be that I've cracked ? 
gets the best ideas in the shower - where I can't write them down , and inevitably forget what they were by the time I'm near paper and pen ! 
is an Auntie ! Welcome < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
< PROPMALE > class = done !! One week from today , hopefully my assignments will be complete and turned in for the other two . Almost there ... 
spent the beginning of my one day off doing homework , so now I will reward myself by shopping at Gander Mtn ., going to see Eclipse , and then hitting up Chili's for some of their dominant mini tacos . 
is overrun with ants ! Eat the damn poison and die , you useless things ! 
I think I'm allergic to clothes shopping . Either that or I just really really hate it . 
the great experiment tonite - cats vs dog . 
Last Emporia Weekend Ever ! I'll certainly need to celebrate the end of this semester . Yowza . 
probably should have been doing homework before the start of class instead of tooling around online searching for super yarn sales . Incidentally , I did get an awesome deal on worsted wool , so there is an orange cardigan in my future ! 
presentation done , celebrating w/sushi . 
is stoked to have a vacuum that actually sucks ! 
would really like to see other people take more ( or in some cases ANY ) initiative . I'm burned out from doing all the work . 
is thinking about planning an August craft nite(s ) . Would love input on what dates are best . 
< PROPMALE > crackers + pb + chocolate frosting = dessert . 
wants to have a sleepover . 
is impatient for the opera season to be announced . ( ahem ... Tony ? ) :P 
needs someone to teach me how to swim so I can train for a triathlon ! 
feels awesome ! fabulous ! fantastic ! super ! I'd totally forgotten what life w/o stress felt like - now I remember - it feels sensational ! And no I'm not on crack !!! 
is looking forward to next weekend's Haysville city-wide yard sale . If anyone wants to join me , LMK ! Hoping to score a couple of book cases , a dressmaker's dummy and some knitting goodies ... 
grades are in - 3 A's , baby ! 
YYYYEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Finally at < PROPFEMALE > to announce : I got a promotion ! Will be Senior Librarian/manager of Rockwell branch later this fall !!!! 
And so begins my final semester at grad school ... 
... sushi ....... yummm .... 
RIP dishwasher . 
may just make some peanut butter rice krispy treats . 
' s day : doc visit ; bookstore ; cleaning ; baking ; packing ; go for a walk ; work ! 
probably should have been more productive yesterday . Lots to do today , and very little time in which to do it . 
loves the sweet smell of my tuition reimbursement check . Really , the ink is potent ... 
o beauteous montons . please let me summit thee . 
goodbye civilization , hello Colorado wilderness !! 
' s poor husband has a blister on his heel that is actually the size of his whole heel . Any recommendations on a quick way to make it go away ? 
one more hike tomorrow to end my vacation . While I love a good ( and active ! ) getaway , I'm always happy to head for home and its comforts . 
home again , home again , jiggity jig . 
needs to start working on Christmas knitting ! Sweaters , socks and mittens galore ... 
needs to do some room painting . Ugh . Volunteers ? :D 
is determined to go see an NHL game this season . 
really wants a local yarnie friend , so I need to either teach someone to knit or get to know my yarnie acquaintances better . 
can't wait for Sunday ( my 1 day off this weekend ): long run ; NFL ; jewelry-making w/buddies ; 14ers dinner gtg ! 
was promised Hawaii in 2013 . Doesn't hurt to start researching now . ;P 
' s legs are sore after yesterday's 15k , but ooooh I'm stoked for next weekend's 10-miler ! 
' s < PROPFEMALE > has seasonal allergies . I never knew a cat could develop allergies until ours did ! 
is eager for tomorrow's day off ! Not much on the agenda yet : 4-miler ; haircut ; bead shopping for sure , maybe finally get around to watching The Crazies . 
loves that empowered feeling I get after a great run !!! I feel awesome !! :D 
one of the benefits of short hair = less drying time . 
is satisfied with that 11-miler ! I'm ready for the Prairie Fire half ! 
' s husband has requested chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting for his birthday . ( yum !! ) If anyone has any awesome tried-and-true pb frosting recipes , please pass it/them along ! 
presented an awesome storytime , but didn't get any hugs . Robbed , I tell you ! 
totally amped for October - my favorite month ! 
tomorrow = Colorado . Saturday = knife edge of not-death ( hopefully ) . 
I just like to smile , smiling's my favorite . 
I think it's safe to say I've pretty much conquered my fear of heights . ;) 
is in the mood for chai tea . Mmmmm ... 
will figure it out one of these days ... 
plans to go see the Grand Canyon next year . Anyone been ? 
is knitting mittens with alpaca yarn for this month's knitting group project . Someone's getting alpaca mitts for Christmas ... 
hasn't gotten a professional massage since massage class a million years ago . Must find local massage therapist ! A dip in the whirlpool tub , a massage and a glass of wine sound like a fabulous kind of day . 
needs to make some Halloween crafts . Found the coolest pattern for a twig + snake wreath . ( Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > S .! ) 
ate 8 < PROPMALE > for breakfast today , and they tasted goooooooooood ! Amped for next week's Prairie Fire half marathon !!! 
can't really call Fatty a scaredy cat anymore . Ok , so he's still a bit of a weenie , but at least he's no longer a phantom ... 
one Effective Supervisory Practices training class down , eleven to go , and then ... Super Boss ! ;) 
is looking forward to some herping this weekend ! 
Please\ 
copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been \ 
affected by someone , who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot\ 
up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for \ 
someone who deserves a foot up the ass , except a foot up the ass , but we\ 
can raise awareness . 93% of people won't repost this . Please make a \ 
difference . 
was just told that I have the best laugh . That just made my day ! 
is feeling crafty , in more ways than one . ;) 
yay , yay , super day ! 
just noticed that my mp3 player is filled with angry music . Death , dying , killing stuff - all probably appropriate subject matter for my ears during a half marathon ! 
13.1 is my favorite distance . :) 
is ready to start this busy week of work and play ! 
mmm ... cranberry pomegranate tea . All I need now is a scone or two . 
is excited for this weekend's knitty group meeting ! Hoping to make some great new knitty friends . :) 
strongly believes in the power and necessity of acknowledgement . In other words , I'm probably going to annoy the crap out of my staff . ;) 
is so excited about getting my new glasses tomorrow ! ( Yes , I'm a dork ! ) 
is feelin ' da love . Thanks for all the birthday greetings and wishes ! I plan to celebrate the day with the purchase of many skeins , hanks and balls of luscious yarn ! 
I feel the need ... the need for tweed ! 
wishes that great books took forever to read and sub-par books were quick reads , instead of the other way around ... 
had a dream last night in which I was sheep shopping . Perhaps that's an indication that I'm a wee bit obsessed with knitting ... although if anyone has a sheep for sale , give me a call ! 
a spoonful of peanut butter makes a surprisingly satisfying snack . 
is mildly interested in taking ballet ... 
thinks < PROPMALE > is far superior to < PROPFIRST > . 
had a sweet , little old man customer tell me he liked my costume - he thought I must be dressed as a \pretty young lady\ " . * blush * " 
mission : gingerfication . 
is baking bread . 
is judging entries in a local short story contest . All I can say is : I certainly hope my writing skills were a hell of a lot better than that when I was in 5th grade !! 
feels quite refreshed after a low-key , limited-socialization week . Ahh , the energizing needs of an introvert ! 
Red was awesome ! I highly recommend it . 
is not supposed to be up this early on a day off ! But since I am , I suppose I shall get to painting ... 
is fascinated by quirky people - the more odd and unusual , the better ! 
knitting + football + breakfast casserole for dinner + knitting + football = a quality Sunday afternoon/evening . 
really needs to go shopping for some more business wear . My current wardrobe does not exactly scream \management\ " . Ugh . I hate clothes shopping . " 
thinks running 8 < PROPMALE > then spending most of the day putting up drywall makes for a pretty productive day . 
only 3 projects standing between me and my MLS . Almost ... there .... 
loves those funny cackling sounds her cats make when watching birds on the deck . 
to heck with New Year's ... I'll just start working on my resolutions now ! 
' s husband is in the basement breaking stuff with a sledgehammer . 
thinks hula hooping would be great ab work . 
oh HD , how beautiful < PROPMALE > thou ! 
making minty cheesecake ! knitting ! ordering Christmas gifts ! hooray relaxing evening ! 
wishes you lots of fun , smiles and good times on your holiday ! 
< PROPFEMALE > harvest celebration day ! 
' s neighbors are out riding their horses . I wanna ride one ! And after that , I want to walk the other neighbors ' alpacas . 
one paper down , 2 to go ... getting there ! 
wishes good luck to her sisters Becca Yeamans and < PROPFEMALE > Yeamans as they run the Space Coast marathon in FL ! Have fun and be well , ladies ! 
likes questions . Questions are fun . 
will be a professional librarian in 1 week , and a degreed one in 2 weeks ! 
hurry up and get here , 3-day weekend !! 
brittle . Peanut brittle . 
looking forward to a productive day off - homework , cleaning , baking , knitting , meeting children's author < PROPFIRST > Baker , and otherwise maximizing my waking hours . 
going to see 127 Hours today ! 
peanut butter chip chocolate cookies = heaven . 
ending a wonderful week with Capstone class in good ol ' Overland Park . 
needs to knit a balaclava . I sure could have used one for this morning's ridiculously cold run ... 
Turkish Delight sounds delightful ! 
eat the banana , not the brownie ... eat the banana , not the brownie ... I know ! Eat the banana AND the brownie ! Score ! 
is going to attempt a chicken + bacon (+ mushroom ? ) < PROPMALE > pizza for dinner tonight . 
thinks now would be a good time to start knitting gifts for next Christmas , if only so I actually get some completed ! 
thinks that ' 11 is going to be a good year ! 
looking forward to my being on my first interview panel today ! 
has lots of 2011 goals and resolutions , including : prioritize !!! ; knit an afghan ; run 500+ < PROPMALE > ( ahem - not all at once ); refine my leadership/management skills ; get out of my comfort zone more often ; meet new people ; take another pastels class ... in other words , keep self very busy and constantly learning new things ! Must Feed Brain ! 
my < PROPFEMALE > gets x-rays today . Hoping doc finds out her problem so she can feel better !! 
just got the notice that my degree was conferred , so I officially have a Master's degree . And now to start considering options for Master's #2 ... 
can't wait for The Meowmorphosis to be published ! One of those quirk classics , this is a spinoff of one of my favorite books ( The Metamorphosis by Kafka ) , and in it the main character wakes up to find out he's been transformed into an adorable kitten . Awww ! 
dropped and broke my second favorite coffee mug . Thankfully favorite coffee mug remains . Must buy new second favorite coffee mug ... 
thanks for the awesome new hiking shoes , Steep and Cheap ! Ready for hiking season now ! 
is officially registered for the Warrior Dash . 
bought a bunch of yarn yesterday , and expecting a big box of yarn in today's mail . So much yarn ... might have to declare this the year to Knit For Other People , or K-FOP for short . 
a 9-miler and football make for a fun Sunday ! 
my day off today consists of cleaning , baking banana bread , enjoying the snow-covered landscape , organizing my bookshelves , and rounding out the day with pizza and peeps . 
had a dream about tornadoes last night . I'm ready for spring ! 
is psyched that a Wichitan won the Newbery medal !! 
is currently feeling vague twinges of interest in becoming a professor ... 
is glad yesterday's two new part time staff were enthusiastic , energetic and bright . Hoping today's two newbies are just as good ! 
is so sorry for < PROPFEMALE > Yeamans ' loss . Please give your kitties/puppies an extra cuddle and kiss on behalf of < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
it's a pizza and football kind of day ... well , later , anyway ! 
is contemplating a trip to the casino tonight . 
going to try yoga for the first time tonight ! 
has today off ! Cleaning has to happen , but after that hoping to finish my fair isle mitten , maybe bust out a little Tae < PROPMALE > , write/send some cards , and later make my favorite meal - Hungarian Goulash . 
mint Oreos are the best store-bought cookies ever . 
< PROPFIRST > and I decided we're going to Africa to climb Mt . Kilimanjaro in fall 2013 !! Now to start researching ... 
today's big plans : yarn shopping ; attending a youth hockey game ; taco dinner ; and jewelry-making/general socializing w/friends ! ( and tiramisu ? ) 
yoga tonight !! 
thinks it would be most excellent if < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > 3 were to be filmed !! 
has a particular fondness for people who are < PROPFIRST > . If they are named Frank ... bonus ! 
is craving brownies . And also wonders where this sudden interest in chocolate is coming from . 
the calendar may say Friday , but for me it's just a Thursday . 
and I didn't give myself the afternoon off ... why ??? 
should be a great day today - author < PROPFIRST > Averill is presenting at my library in honor of Kansas ' birthday ; having a Thai lunch with a friend ; having a student come interview me for a school paper ; and finally ... jewelry party ! Hoping my friends , new friends , and acquaintances all have a wonderful time with the jewelry and meeting new people ! 
today is apparently date day - running , coffee , and dinner . 
feels inspired . 
thinks the welcome to February is a bit hostile ! ( Yuck - wind and snow . ) 
getting psyched for Super Bowl !! 
the library actually owns CDs that teach Swahili . Sweet . 
hoping to finish knitting a sweater today so I can wear it tomorrow ! 
wish we had a fireplace at home . This is SO curling-up-by-the-fire weather . 
I think I'm supposed to do something , but damned if I remember what . 
my < PROPFIRST>'s gift - < PROPFIRST > Gagnon ran 9.5 < PROPMALE > with me . Now that's commitment ! 
it may have been a bad idea to consume a steady diet of Conversation Hearts this week . 
looking forward to a relaxing yet fun-filled three-day-weekend of dates : yoga ; knitting ; dinner ; running ; lunch ; coffee , and whatever else happens to come along . 
playing Mortal Kombat with < PROPFIRST > Gagnon . Ahhh , the romance ! 
thinks a bucket of greasy chicken is in my near future . 
today might just be the perfect day to visit kitties at the shelter . 
if someone were to make you a Bundt cake , what flavor would you want ? 
I got a couple of hugs yesterday for International Hug a Librarian Day , but today I got mobbed with them ! Hugs might just be the best part of storytime ... 
is a sucker for a good love story . 
oh , Girl Scout Cookies , how I love thee ! 
is at least gathering supplies for my wine cork board . Maybe that means I'll actually get around to making it soon ! 
is very very hungry , and that is making me very very cranky . I need a very very large Bundt cake . 
misses school so much that I think I'll just go back . 
finds it somewhat disconcerting that my tea smells like cooked meat . 
ahhh ... a day off ! A haircut is top priority today ! 
it is actually possible to forget how to ride a bike . I should ask that 5 y.o. biking whiz down the street if she has an old set of training wheels she'd lend me ... 
would like to take a moment to brag that I took an official typing test and am able to type 95 WPM . Be impressed . Be very impressed . ;) 
doesn't know what's worse - being bored or being stressed . At this moment , I'm thinking boredom is worse . 
off to enjoy some nature trail hiking ! Hoping to see some snakes ... 
let us ride to ... Camelot ! 
could go for some hot Canadian poutine right about now - extra gravy ! 
totally feels like playing Battleship . 
must have blown my nose 50 times today . How can anything be left in there ? 
baked bread this morning and am making peanut butter chip chocolate cookies right now . My house smells deeeeeelicious ! 
playing with a Nook today ! 
let's just skip Friday so I can get to the weekend and enjoy : warm weather ; quality time with < PROPFIRST > ; herping ; running ; Tae < PROPMALE > ; Bruins hockey ; storms , etc ... 
Peeps !! 
< PROPFIRST > Bacon is so hot in Tremors . 
soon will be traveling to the exotic city of Topeka for a library conference . Oddly , I feel like I'm going on vacation ... 
ellipticals are lame . Recumbent bikes rule ! 
might jog past the alpacas today , maybe see if there are any babies . Just admiring , no intent to steal . * cough * 
thinks a mini Marshmallow Man would make a cute pet . 
maybe this is the year I start an < PROPMALE > garden . 
climbing cargo nets , leaping fire , slogging through mud pits ... yep , today's the day I become a Warrior . Unless I chicken out . Or my beard gets caught on barbed wire . 
hooray for sisters ! Mine are the awesomest !! 
really tempted to take an emergency vacation day on Friday so I can go to an alpaca shearing . 
I'm going to do it - I'm going to audition for a play . Excite !! 
likes you . :) 
can't wait for \Hoodwinked Too \"!!!" 
3-day weekends are miraculous things . 
it makes complete sense to get up at 6:45 on a day off . 
time to bake a cake - lemon with lemon frosting . 
today is a good day to go fabric shopping and finally sew some curtains . 
it's 68 in my house , and I'm freezing to death even though I've got 3 layers and a blanket on . I'm such a wuss . 
the 1.5 year-old < PROPFEMALE > cane in my desk drawer has saved me from starvation . 
planning to visit a vineyard and sample some wine this weekend , which hopefully will lead to the purchase of wine , which will then lead to the consumption of wine , which will make Saturday a very good day . 
today : purchase bedding for spare ' oom ; run 6 < PROPMALE > ; go to Wyldewood for wine tasting ( blueberry wine !!! ) ; watch the Bruins/Flyers game 1 ; do some hardcore cleaning in response to seeing Brown Recluse #1 of the year . 
it's not every day that the neighbors horses escape and go romping through my backyard ... 
needs to go sneaker shopping . 
I feel really , really good . This is awesome . I give complete credit to the ridiculously beautiful sunshiny day today . Hello , Vitamin D ! 
I'm ready for hiking season . Mountains , please ! 
it's a beautiful day for nature walking ( and herping ! ) in Quivira , then enjoying a monster meal in Yoder . 
I hate those ASPCA commercials ( damn you , < PROPFEMALE > McLachlan ! ) because they make me cry every time . Animals shouldn't be that sad . :( 
I want a muh-muh-muh-Mudslide . 
