Cookies makes me sad in the pants >.< 

I hate you all 
so its official ... My computer has died . I think I used to like reading books ... 
6 days until I get my new computer .. That's like forever -.- 
is it terrible of me to want my computer so I can remove 3 people from my friends here ? 
5 more days until I get my new computer !! 
bored bored bored ... FFS someone entertain < PROPFEMALE > 
someone make my comp get here faster 
wheres my midget ? 
I blame all you effing Aussies for me missing my delivery today 
14 more hours , or 10 , somewhere in there 
umm .. I need to make friends with some girls >.> this is sad . Any of you know none retarded bitches I could get along with ? 
sooooo bored ! 
any minute now 
I really hate UPS 
its computer time BBS setting up !! 
my roommate has the sweetest , most adorable loving big ass lag dog .. half < PROPMALE > shepard half huskie and yes I said lap dog ... I think she broke my legs 
so 3 days until I can use my new computer ... GG starting the countdown again 
I has a banana 
ok ... so someone bring me coffee to get me to get off my ass and finish cleaning 
2 more days 
bored bored boreddddd 
watching almost famous .. Waiting on breakfast ... someone entertain my ass 
one more day .... 
how can I hate black licorice but love jäger ? 
yay moniter cable comes today , let's hope it gets here early !! 
who's going to teach me how to play wow again ? 
YAY !!! I have a computer !! 
my comp has a 3.2 gs 
wow is taking to long to install , someone make it go faster 
fb is beng mean and wont let me tag my brother ... 
GG downloading mods and redoing bartender on 7 80s all with duel spec ... Why did i reinstall ? 
my roommate pisses me off like no one else in the world can 
well yay stupid at&t broke my internet =/ 
Men fail ... Im going < PROPMALE > , wait I think there is maybe 5 women in the world i dont hate , any other options ? 
Bed time for Cutty /yawn 
why do bars here close at 2 ? thats such fail 
I have a new pet peeve , ok not new but still .. people who use \d\ " instead of \ " th\ " when they type .. dey piss me off . Or use Z instead of s . Makes me want to stab their eyes out with forks " 
I never thought I had it in me to actually hate someone , but i think i have met someone I can hate ... 
Someone come clean my room for me , I got it in me to like sort through all my crap ( someone wanted me to dig something out ) but now i cbf putting it all away 
fastest way to make the 30 year old childless woman cry ? let a baby fall asleep on her .... GG on friends using me as the free babysister 
So it was pointed out to me that even though i dont have many people on my friends here if i took off everyone who ever hurt me I would be taking off like 15 people ... Am I too soft ? 
so yay me , i logged off my MSN and cant remember my PW ... so once I get around to it ill be making a new one , i hate new computers not knowing PWs from my other harddrive 
I want to be back home in my favorite pool hall with my favorite pool guy .. 
And I am back to hating everyone .. and hopefully i can get some fucking sleep in this 6 hour drive , 3 hours in like 2 days isnt really enough 
Again I seem to have lost my midget ... I ampaying alot in reward money if someone can point him back to me please . He is missing out on cactus pole dancing tonight >.< 
I am oh so sad , where is my cuddle < PROPMALE > to call me names and cheer me up ? 
can someone please explain this whole \emo\ " thing to me ? I just cant seem to understand why people get into ... or think that other people look good with the \ " emo\ " look . I think maybe its just i think it looks TERRIBLE on guys ... im sorry i cant find a < PROPFEMALE > ass looking man attractive ... take the fucking make up off eat some cement and harden the fuck up . " 
its 4 am and i need sleep ... but its to hot to sleep 
So .. I am still sad and looking for my cuddle < PROPMALE > . He hasnt been around to call m names in days 
someone come vacume for me im over house cleaning 
/sigh , there is nothing else i can say ... 
o.O reinstalled SL YAY !! * happy dance * 
I got lost ... but I found my way back >.< 
Wheres my midget ? 
someone entertain me ... 
5:30 am im awake the mister < PROPMALE > wants to sleep and I wont let him .... why oh why am I so mean 
nini ... sleepy time 
I just have to say you aussies eat the nastiest shit .... meat pies ... yuck 
where is everyone ? 
Im supposed to be sleeping ... but ceebs 
I'm over people , I hate you all . yes even you 
is over it ... 
Yup , I'm the bitch ... done 
I can easily tell when wow is down when like half my friends sign in to FB at the same time >.< 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . 
What ? reactvated wow ? 
FML 3 stitches i my forehead and i look like someone beat the hell out of me =/ someone needs to make me a bubble to live in so i stop getting hurt 
Grinning from ear to ear , today has become an amazing day !! YAY 
We believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Face-Booker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this !!! I hope to see this re-posted a lot by my friends 
nomnomnom Nutter Butters are soooo yummy 
So I heard Rift was good , but lacking content , anyone else think that ? 
It shouldnt of been < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I am tired , cranky and going to bed 
Why did I have to be cursed with such curly hair ... so much time wasted every morning making it straight and now add the burn on my ear from the iron .. GG 
You and I end up in a police car together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? \ 
Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status so I can comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you may think ... :) 
Every week someone on the biggest loser makes me cry .... why do they have to make me cry ? 
So trying Fish oil to help with my bi polar ... alot of people say it will help since nothing else works for me , I just dont understand how fish oil will help but I guess it is worth a shot 
oh joy , another day stuck in bed waiting for painkillers to kick in ... 
So paying some guy to come build my computer and he can't even show up on time ... Glad I didnt pay him in advanced like he wanted 
Sooo ... I have spent months and months upset that I fried my good computer and finally got the pats to rebuild it .... guys here putting it together when we find out that the only thing that was actually wrong with the computer was that it needed a new power button ... 
For those who know whats been going on great news . Its not cancer . I dont think i can honestly say how happy I am here because words cant describe . But thank god the worst and scariest week and a half of my life is over 
So bored with wow I am logging off to wash the walls in the living room 
Sooo tired think im going to pass out for the next 2 days 
Soo .. first guy i paid to work on rebuilding my comp installed everything wrong , broke it all in the process and now is unreachable ... 
Sooo again i am being told I will have my new \ 
computer tonight .... we will see how that goes 
yay my computer is on its way here ready to go !!! well after i reformat ... lets hope i dont fuck that up 
yay for rift things !! any non crazies playing ? 
oki so warrior in rift <3 granted im like level 10 but im loving it 
