i don't feel so good ... :[ my body wont let me drink and im really thirsty , by that i mean i throw up everything i drink . this SUCKS . 

compared ; 0ne to everything . which one would you chose ? honestly . 
headache 
i want to go outside and enjoy the rain , but i don't feel to good -_- i want to try but i don't feel like dying later ... 
sick out of my mind , i can barely move , i feel so weak . i think it was a fever ... i feel a < PROPFEMALE > bit better than yesterday , still can barely move , and slept all day yesterday and today so far only to wake up every 7 minutes ... i hate it : l 
: l ...................... hypocrisy .................. >:[ 
Mad , sad , reallly confused and ... im feel better ( not sick :D ) 
can't fall be here already ? -sigh- :P 
i can sleep restfully now , yesssss :] 
i had to run three < PROPMALE > , and i can't walk right XD good night/morning to all of you :D 
what's up people ?! 
people , we need a ge t-t o-gather 
Everyone , look up \Ownage Pranks\ " it's the funniest stuff you'll ever listen to . Guaranteed " 
' just letting everyone know I'm still alive ...? :D whoo 
RESIST'S FIRST RECORDING , ALBUM COMING OUT SOON ... :D 
you guys should stop being so miss-able 
i wish people were on when i was ... or i have to stop being nocturnal 
going to band practice , wish us luck ! :] 
Anyone want to talk sometime ? Comment : Yes/no , date , time . below :P 
what's goin ' on people ?! X ] 
hello there reader , had a fun day today . :D 
Going to da Cape tomorrow , so i wont be on for quite the while . ( 30th ) so leave me stuff to surprise me when i get back ? please , that would be so awesome of you XD lol , bye :P 
well , if i can't get an internet connection where ever im going , then this will be my last post until the 30th . but if not , hoorah . im excited though , but not cause i miss you guys 
well , they have internet up here , so i'd love to talk ... anyone ? 
im away ... i miss you guys , the least you can do is talk to me . :] 
okay , so i might not make it to warped ... im heading back early 31'st plus i need an amediate ride and money , so everyone wish/hope and maybe ill make it :D .... thanks 
off to < PROPMALE > Florida , to visit Grandma :D 
oh , i forgot to mention ... im home now , i got back yesterday 
great things come with < PROPFEMALE > ... ' never noticed that 
you know how to beat sleep ? be nocturnal like me :3 
have to go to bed early/earlier to wake up for something that id rather not go to ... hm ... that sounds oddly familiar 
is saying g'night 
isn't available at all tomorrow ... 
back 
could anybody give me ansel's number ?? 
i wish i had a super power .... 
saw a bunch of good movies today ... and even invented a sport , fun day 
anyone wanna chit-chat tonight ? 
it's too boring at home , someone call me up or kidnap me . 
woo 28th :D 
so i guess there's a difference between party and \par-tay \"" 
watched Fargo ... it was great 
for those who saw Inglorious Bastards ; tell me how it was 1-10 : 1 being terrible 
making ... semi-CD's of our band , people go get a free one : < PROPMALE > ( if we get to use his computer+blank CD's ) , and all the people who helped , you should know who you are . and for the people who want to buy them it's just $1 . 
hah , made new friend today :P 
good night : J 
Inglorious , might be the weirdest movie i have seen from < PROPMALE > Tarantino ... 
a fun day tomorrow ... 
met some weird people , took some cool pictures , slept through jazz concerts ... interesting day ( which is now yesterday ) 
biology should not be the first hour for me , it just makes my day seem a whole lot longer 
i am NEVER eating schoool lunch again 
is a contradiction 
saw Gamer , Detroit Rock City , and Hitcher ... DRC is the best movie i have seen in a long time , and never watch Hitcher ... ever 
im going to be sooo dead sleepy tomorrow . 
my STATS text book questions don't make sense half of the time 
ahh , the things that happen/can happen over the weekend ... 
how's every body doin ? 
I got my phone to work again , just so you guys know :p 
had a realizing , awesome , weird conversation tonight . 
NOT ready for christmas 
i hope tomorrow's gonna be good . 
just took one step closer to actually getting people . 
2010 in less than 8 hours ! 
Keyboard's working again ! This year is already good . 
Winter's trying to pose as Fall . Not cool . 
never . eating . school . lunch . ever . again . 
B-O-R-E-D 
today's gonna be fuunnnn 
monday off ... sweet . :] 
zombies ... :D 
was just reminded of how complicated things are/can be . 
i say sorry to much .... 
\HAHAHAHA-i will get a six-pack by the time i stop laughing-HAHAHAHAH\ " this is the best thing i've heard in a while :p " 
You're gonna ' what ' like a boss ?... oh wow , that's disgusting 
my day has never been made so many times in 12 hours . XD 
\\][\\ 
sorry about that , if i was doing weird stuff to you on here . it was my friend . my bad , actually ... his bad 
just had a song stuck in his head that he liked , then wondered why he likes it , and now doesn't like it so much 
This is gonna be a good week . 
Q : \what did the flower say to the bike ? \ " A : \ " get a new chair \"" 
one more month + 17 days = ??? 
\you're scotch korean ! you don't make a wee bit of sense ! \ " that comercial is the BEST . " 
prepare yourselves ... 
hot tub time machine was AMAZING 
it's adventure time ! 
< PROPFEMALE > = my favorite movie . 
taking notes for 72 minutes straight is the worst . 
only if i could answer the questions i ask myself . 
these people are stupid if they want to be treated like that . 
was anyone else in that wind last night ?! it was AWESOME . 
in MSU :D 
is in mind mode ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ... 
it seems weird that 10 years from now and even more . ( considering i still continue to use FaceBook ) i will still have all of you on here ... cool :D 
i either take something too seriously , or not serious enough . i need to fix this . 
have you ever seen a screaming mime ? no ? it's rediculously funny . 
tomorrow's the last day of the school week :] 
by tomorrow , i will have a computer once again ! mwahahahahh 
i found the < PROPFIRST > brothers super show on netflix ! ohhh yeah . hahaha 
GUESS WHAT IM POSTING THIS FROM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :DDDD 
this is the most people i ever had online at one time ! 
on the weekends , there is no such thing as sleep :p 
KickAss was great . :P 
Ignore my most recent post ... that app is evil . don't do it 
that was the most amazing thing in the world . i can't wait until next rehersal :D 
how do i know what ( and who ) to believe ? 
eh ... school shouldn't happen tomorrow ... 
okay , it is THE PERFECT weather out right now ! it's sweeeeettt 
i ate a LOT of cereal .... i don't feel too good 
these are going to be the longest 19 days ever . 
who likes digging themselves in to holes ? really ? because i don't , im stuck in mine . 
today's a < PROPFEMALE > day . the clouds are there , but i can't see them , im enjoying the sun too much . why can't it be like this all the time ? 
one week :] 
had ( and will continue to have ) an awesome day . 
BEST . CONCERT . EVER . :D 
i think i over-dosed on politics today ... i don't feel too good 
it's hot out ... i like it . 
tomorrow's gonna be a good day :] 
today's a special day :D 
thank you all who wished me a happy birthday , you all had a very different way of saying it , so leave it to my friends to be original , right ? i had a great day , and i owe it to you guys , thanks again :] 
oh , god . multi-tasking is not for me ... 
bought about $13 dollars worth of Arazona iced teas in the past 24 hours . Way to go me ! :P 
is rockin ' the suburbs 
today and tomorrow's gonna ROCK :D 
just got done with the fair , saw an unexpected friend , and laughed alot . now on the way to < PROPMALE > of persia . :D 
MacGruber was the funniest movie ever . 
this world is full of total psychos ... 
i need to clear my mind and focus on these last few days of school ... 
people only hear the good points that are made , but they don't listen . 
don't watch Splice ... 
i guess right now is the time i should be saying something whitty about the up-comming exams , huh ? 
printers are DUMB . 
so many things made this day awesome . hhahahahaaa 
got to school late , finished 2 exams in the time i got for one , and STILL made the bus . I need a reward . 
tomorrow's gonna be awesome , stopping by at my old elementary school with some friends to say hi to some old teachers and swimming . :D 
this is amazing , i got home and turned on my ipod , and the first song that played was ' it's summer time ' . 
okay , well ... this isn't good . 
i just heard the funniest laugh in the world ! hahahahaha 
this was the best friday i have had in a LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONGGG time . 
4 of July is going to be swweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeett 
everything makes sense , this is amazing . 
this heat is terrible . 
No restrictions on when i should sleep or wake up , is REALLY messing me up . 
every day now ... sleep at 5am and wake up at 3pm ... someone make me stop this . 
And here starts a new week . 
this storm is amazing , i feel it shaking the house . 
I messed up when i sleep and when i wake up so bad , that i think it's actually getting back to normal . It's funny how that works . 
inconsiderate people ... 
Going 20hr . s straight on a bus to Boston ... Wish me luck ... 
Just got the sweetest freakin ' hat . :D 
WATCH\ 
THE\ 
OTHER\ 
GUYS\ 
RIGHT\ 
NOW . \ 
( it was almost too good ) 
I'm FINALLY home ... anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ??? 
\Your BF is about to be F'd up the B \"" 
staples are out ! :D 
Dopesauce . 
I got pancake mix :] 
i think it's snowing ... 
it's 9:50 , and it feels like 5am ... time to get the best sleep of my life . 
The weekend . Now would be the appropriate time to scream \FINALLLYYYYYY \"" 
Is it me or has Arcade Fire suddenly started sounding a whole lot better ? 
Oh boy would I do anything for a life-redo button right now . 
Woooo , storms ! 
When it comes to < PROPMALE > , Mistakes = Hell . 
ehhemmm , let me just apologize for the spamming of the ' Social Interview ' app to some people just now . 
I'd like for you to all know that it is-EXPLOSION ! \ 
... Wednesday 
This cold sucks . :\\\ 
For you at CHS who hasn't caught it yet , be careful . This is a powerful germ we got here . 
is digging this new weather . 
Man , was it hot today or what ? 
With the weather making my house extremely cold , I'm developing a whole new level of love for my bed . 
this weather is pretty shweet , good thing i have somewhere to go today . 
tomorrow is going to rock , and I mean half of that literally . 
My front door has become a fortress for stink-bugs ... This stinks . 
My hair is so short now . Oh god . Hahaha . 
I'd say homecoming was good . You people who told me I wouldn't have fun , you have been proved wrong . Bummer I couldn't go to any of the parties afterward . :\\ 
It's my brother's birthday , you guys should uh , wish him a good one . Even if you don't know him . ;D 
Bed time = Yes time . Goodnight . 
had a good time at < PROPMALE > Fish . :D 
is thinking that the rest of this month is going to be awesome . 
I'm loving the color outside . 
I feel so sleepy ... at 7 ? Today totally wore me out . 
Tomorrow is Friday ... It should have been Friday yesterday . 
Confucius is ... really cool ... 
Great concert every one ! I am so ready to crash right onto my bed . There is going to epic sleep tonight . 
Happy Halloween ! :D 
Oh hey , look at that , it's November ... 
Inbox only : Tell me something you've always wanted to say to me . Stays between us . Put this as your status and see what you get . 
School's really making me hate Fridays ... 
Please don't tell me this is a fever that I'm feeling ... :\\ 
= \A type of sewer rat that prowls Petaluma 
Oh hey , I'm sleepy . Oh hey , there's a bed . . . Nahh 
\Been around the world and found\ 
Due Date . Good day . 
Fun Fact of the day : SCHOOL TOMORROW 
Ate dinner then watched The Walking Dead . . . I'm full of good ideas ! 
I hate it when I say something and it doesn't actually sound as stupid as I thought . Same thing goes for when I say something that sounds more stupid than I thought . 
11/11 ? Does no one see this ? 
Sushi Den ? Heck yeah . . . 
alright , so I go to the bathroom and this guy takes the loudest and shortest crap . He's also talking to himself , calling himself a \slug\ " and some mumbling about not knowing the truth . People are so freakin ' weird . But I laughed a little too hard . " 
Skyline was . . . weird . 
Work , it's gotta be done . . . 
Concert tomorrow . . . Good or bad ? We'll find out . \ 
( I'm scared . ) 
is tuxed up and ready to roll . 
I see a shop called \fitness boop\ " . That's pretty awesome . " 
Finally home . This was a good weekend . 
Hey Orch . Dorks ! What lunch do we have tomorrow ?? 
I would post my schedule for next tri if some paper-hungry psychos weren't in my history class . . . 
Exams done . ' Waiting for the moment of truth . 
< PROPFEMALE > music is pretty awesome . 
Conc Physics - Talyor\ 
\ 
Japanese - Valtadoros\ 
Drawing - Buchanan\ 
Geometry - Rykse\ 
Orchestra - < PROPMALE > 
I can do this . 
Doraemon ! 
I just became conscious of my sleeping habits . \ 
Goodnight . 
How could I have managed to turn my phone on silent then LOSE it ?! 
just found my phone . I am a pro . 
Where did all the good people go ? 
Biggest load off of my mind . EVER . Imma celebrate 
I don't want to do this . . . 
I wish I was < PROPMALE > so I could eat glass . 
The trees look awesome . 
What the perfect packing snow ? Ahahaha 
I really hope the people saying \No School tomorrow\ " aren't screwing with me . " 
Don't you hate those days when you are actually awake and feeling pretty darn energetic but your eyes just wont stay open ? Because I just had one of those days . 
Finally got a jacket that's actually warm ! Bring it on , Winter . 
Frustration . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! \ 
. . . where's < PROPFEMALE > ? 
<--- Needs to find a new picture . 
Next year . So ready . 
One little thing can break a lot . 
\why am I so cold ?! \ " \ 
There goes my whole weekend . :\\ 
Coming prepared tomorrow . Going to stay after school and practice like never before . 
I'm not as ready as I thought . 
Tonight was good , Real good . Nice job to everyone who played tonight . ;D 
I have the Barenaked Ladies stuck in my head . 
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
< PROPFIRST > Jenkees . I never thought I'd see a true musical Genius play before my eyes before . Now that I have , I can't believe it . Truly awesome . 
Inspired and motivated . Good to go . 
So I woke up this morning because I forgot to turn of my alarm , after that I looked outside my window and only saw white , very bright white . I got blinded and fell right back into bed . 
I just witnessed someone actually saying \Snow My God\ " . . . what is this world coming to ? " 
BROTHER'S WEEK ! if you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , annoyed you to no end , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you are very proud to have in your life post this on your status . 
Modern Family = Best . Show . Ever . 
Phone broken ? Not good . 
Phone is fixed . Hoorah ! 
Tomorrow is going to rock my socks off . \ 
If it doesn't literally do just that , I will be really disappointed . 
I am a chair , a chair is what I am . 
Okay , so I found this jar of Molasses in some grocery bags that my mom got a few days ago . I never actually tried the stuff , and I heard it was actually good from some people a while back . So I had a little spoon full . . . I thought I was going to die . . . 
Broke many hairs . . . going to compensate with some rest . 
Most . Exhausting . Day . Ever . \ 
Zzzzzzzzzzzz 
\We can't imagine the things we want as well as we can imagine the things we fear . \"" 
I'm going to be so sore tomorrow , and I have to bring in all my textbooks . . . This'll be fun . 
Can't we just skip third tri ? 
I lost my schedule . . . lol . 
Hey guys , any suggestions on how I can look at my schedule for tomorrow online ? \ 
I'm kind of in need , so any help would be appreciated . :p 
Awesome . 
Got my haircut ! This will take a little getting used to . 
There are two ways to get famous , get hated an extreme amount or get loved an extreme amount . . . I guess getting hated is mainstream too . 
Power is ON . YES !!! 
So I'm walking to my ad's door and look to the neighboors yard , I see kids playing swords with a shovel and a bat . How I miss being young . . . 
