2 more hours ! 

pssssssst ! 
Looking forward to Friday night Bunco ! 
Do I have to work ? Cant we just play bunco , pogo , and watch tv ? 
It is almost Friday ! 
okay .... my Friday 
wow we lose < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > in the same day ... 
< PROPFIRST > Mays died too .... this is too weird 
my baby will be 17 tomorrow . sob sob 
annoyed with having a snot nosed kid on a FB game call me a B **** 
Happy 4th of July 
So I survived his 17th without crying . 
Wondering how < PROPFEMALE>'s duck is this morning ..... How < PROPFEMALE>'s camping trip is ..... Will I get the job ..... Hmmmm ( crossing my fingers ) 
and toes 
and eyes 
needs meds 
whoo hooo ! got meds and starting to feel better 
Nice to be feeling \normal\ " again . I guess as normal as I can be . lol " 
Im off to see < PROPMALE > Potter and the Half-Blood < PROPMALE > ! My hubby won tickets to see it tonight !!! 
catching up on FB then off to bed . long day , but its friday !! 
Thank you for everyone who showed up for my Bunco game Friday ! I got 5 Buncos and gave my winnings to the biggest loser ! Can't wait for the next game ! 
done playing for now . have to get ready for work . I hope everyone has a good day and keep out of the heat ! 
My AVON order goes in Wednesday . So if anyone needs or wants anything let me know by Tuesday July 28 . 
Cant believe Im awake this early . Must have been my nap yesterday afternoon . urgh Where's the coffee ? Off to McD's 
3 hours in the dentist chair really sucks 
i won 50/50 at Bunco !! whooo hooooo ! had a great time with my new friends ! 
im pooped , been a long day . have a great weekend everyone ! 
hubbys dog knocked over my iced coffee with her butt . oh well , gotta go get more then off to work 
we had Pita Pit for dinner and now we are sitting down to watch Witch Mountain !! 
on vacation day #2 , #4 if you count my regular day off and the washer drain is backing up .... so sucks when there is a SH ** load of laundry to catch up on . : ( The upside is the upstairs toilet is working again ! LOL 
OH NO !! Only 5 days til I have to work again : ( 
New In Town was a cute movie ! bedtime now 
Thinking it would be nice if the animals in Farmville moved around like in Farmtown 
I really like stealing from peoples crops and leaving bugs and weeds ! LOL ( Only online though ) 
Today is my last day of vacation . It totally sucks ! Sorry TMS , I love the people I work with and my job , but I REALLY like kickin it around the house and helping the beautiful women I know with AVON ! 
Yuck ! Gotta go to work at the J O B ... 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > won at Bunco last night !! I had the most Buncos ! < PROPFEMALE > won most losses ! 
http://gooddaysacramento.com/?articleID=58735 
Do I have to work today ? I think Im sick ... cough cough ( not really , just dont wanna go ) 
sis in law has gone home : ( I am taking Blondie my chow mix to get beautified ( no more babies left on the carpet ) then clean up house for Bunco ! I still have room for a 4 more people if anyone is interested . 
hehehe ! stealing from others farms is cool ! lol 
okay so I have change of plans too . dog is beautiful , no bunco , but may go see a movie instead . dunno yet ... 
caught up with some friends and went to tugboat for dinner and then to leatherbys for yummy desert ! 
feeling icky today ... im staying home from work and going to urgent care again . they are starting to be my best friend . and i want to know why i always start feeling like crap on the weekend when i dont get to see my regular doctor ??? 
Feeling better today , but will call doctor tomorrow cuz I think I have that darn intestinal infection again . 
Good Morning ! Busy day today ! 2 gals to sign up and 1 more to call ( and make appt ) today to make me eligible for Unit Leader ! Cross your fingers for me !! Getting closer to saying goodbye to my J O B , and having F U N ! Ok it wont be that quickly my friends but I can dream ! 
What a long day ! I am finally sitting down . I was so busy today I forgot to eat til just awhile ago . That is sooo bad . 
Its my Monday . Urgh enuf said 
www.youravon.com/tamarawiley 
Will miss my TMS buddies ! LOL I am on vacation again !! Just gonna < PROPFEMALE > out . Everyone needs to come over to my house I will get the margaritas flowin ! 
Laughing at < PROPFEMALE > watching < PROPMALE > fish on FB ! She is trying to catch fish too ! 
It smells so fresh outside after the rain ! 
counting to 10 
Hoping to be Unit Leader by Wednesday Sept 23rd !! 
Had fun at Bunco ... no wins tonight though . Next time ! Today another eye doctor appointment for < PROPMALE > . The eye is not healing like doctor wants it to . bummer it is really painful . I should go get the pirate patch for him though ! ARGH ! 
Sorry my TMS family but I am not looking forward to returning to work Saturday : ( 
< PROPMALE > cant take me anywhere !! He had a followup with eye doctor today and got a new recruit !! 
Ick , I return to work today . I think I'm sick ... cough , cough , sniffle , sniffle . 
Ya'll know I work in an alarm monitoring center . Why is it everyone seemed to think they had to call me and tell me their freakin power was out ? hmm I think I figured it out when I sat down to work at 2pm and didnt get to stand next until about 730pm . GET A CLUE PEOPLE ! you dont need to call me and tell me ! 
oh , and in the middle of that crap yesterday there was an earthquake in the Livermore area . go figure 
Do i REALLY have to go to work ? At least I'm feeling better . But V is on all day !! Remember the mini-series ? I remember working at Straw Hat with < PROPFEMALE > and her brothers wife/girlfriend was pregnant and the character on show was having an alien baby . He said she ( i think her name was < PROPFEMALE > ) was having an alien baby too 
Thank God my headache is going away finally . I picked up my waterpills . Hopefully they will help with my bloodpressure . 
SpiderCat SpiderCat , friendly neighborhood SpiderCat 
glad to be home 
figuring out how to make my cafe better while watching Footloose and not wanting to go to work 
workin workin workin ..... not really just takin a break 
hmmm finding im addictted to cafe world . thank you < PROPFEMALE > : ) 
i cant wait for my 2 Christmas parties this week ! Should be really fun ! 
dang head colds 
OMG ! District holiday party was sooo fun ! And seeing < PROPFIRST > ! We went to Kindergarten together ! WOW ! Cant wait for Thursday ! 
had fun at the Christmas party today ! Thank you to < PROPMALE > for my awesome TV ! sucks cuz I have to work and cant enjoy it yet , but I will tonight when I get home ! 
My new TV looks great in my room ! I can actually read the DirectTv guide ! Yay for me ! 
Is it time to go home yet ? My TV is waiting for me ........ 
Who are these people that keep trying to add me as a friend ? If I dont know you or know someone that you know I am not adding you as a friend . 
hmmmm 
In a dilema . Wish someone would give me the answer . Unfortunately it is all on me . :( 
Lovin my car ! Maybe I can get < PROPFEMALE > to practice driving again ! That girl really needs her license ! Im tired of being a taxi 
now just waiting for people to look at the T-Bird 
can the night be any slower ? 
hmm what to do first .... avon deliveries , errands , coffee not in this order ! definately coffee first ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Big Hugs to all my friends ! 
I think I misplaced my brain today . 
needs a large roll of duct tape for the kids mouths ! 
Cant wait for New Years ! Going to watch my brother in law and his band play . Sure has been a while since we've seen him . 
So I was thinking ...... Alton's birthday is < PROPFIRST > 21st and mine is Feb 2nd . Want to have a big birthday party for both of us on < PROPFIRST > 29th . Anyone want to come to my party ? Send me your email and I will send you an Evite with the details 
Happy New Year to all my friends and family ! May we all have a successfull year . My New Years resolution : No More Making New Years Resolutions !! Love you all ! 
BTW : Anyone heard of the drive thru diet ? sounds like my kind of diet ! 
ok , so I finally found my sleeping dog in my cafe inventory . But wondering why would anyone have an animal in a restaurant ? just a thought ..... I dont want dog hair or any other type hair in or near my food . hmmmm 
PINK 
Had a great breakfast meeting today with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you girls ! Im inspired ! Chillin and then getting to work on my homework ! 
can we have some sunshine for a while ? please ??? 
I look like someone socked my in the eye . My eyelid is so swollen . Doctor appt at 130pm though 
had to go to two pharmacies to finally get my antibiotics but now i have to put in my eye every two hours .... 
I loved a monster sliding down a hill because I can't control myself ! 
I loved a monster sliding down a hill because I'm a ninja ! 
Will only use stairs from now on .... 
Hot and Steamy 
My Fine Is $405.50 
So , What's on your mind today ? 
I saw the most creative panhandler at the corner of Watt and El Camino today . The mans ' sign said I BET YOU CANT HIT ME WITH A QUARTER 
Had a lot of fun with friends last night ! I miss hangin out with them ! Want to start a monthly get together . 
You think if I sprayed Lysol down my throat i would feel better ? At least I would be germ free ! lol I know , it dont work that way . Just a thought . 
thank you for all the birthday wishes and get well wishes . my fever has finally broke . hopefully will be able to sleep since i slept most of the day away . Love you all and thanks again ! 
Sometimes you just have to say \What the F ***!\"" 
Hey Goose , ya big stud .... Take me to bed or lose me forever 
Love is the answer , isn't it ? But , sex raises a lot of very interesting questions ... \ " , 201 0-0 2-06 06:34:09 " 
This is a real badge , I’m a real cop , and this is a real fucking gun” , 
“Do ya feel lucky ? Well , do ya , punk” , 
”Sometimes I think it's harder to raise a husband than a baby . ” 
you guys like the last one . how about this one ! “Men should be like Kleenex- soft , strong and disposable” , 
“This job would be great if it wasn’t for the fucking customers” , 
Get Shorty , ( 1995 ) , “So let me get this straight . You broke in again to apologize for breaking in yesterday” , < PROPFEMALE > Flores ( < PROPFIRST > Russo ) 
Oh , but anyway , Toto , we're home ! Home ! And this is my room - and you're all here ! And I'm not gonna leave here ever , ever again because I love you all ! - And oh , Auntie Em , there's no place like home . ” 
Mrs. Doubtfire , ( 1993 ) , “Ever wish you could freeze frame a moment in your day and look at it and say ‘this is not my life’” , < PROPFIRST > Hillard ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars , ( 1977 ) , “Get this big walking carpet out of my way” , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > Fisher ) 
Good Morning Everyone . Those who have the day off are lucky bastards ! j/k wondering which movie to quote today ...... hmmm ..... 
okay so this is not from a movie : My cousin is gay ; he went to London only to find out that Big < PROPMALE > was a clock . 
I feel so out of touch with everyone . It sucks that my hard drive died . Got a new one . Back to cathin up with buddies . Back to my one-liners : I want to die peacefully in my sleep , like my grandfather .. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car . 
Is it 230p yet ? This day is going verrrrry slowly 
I don't need your attitude I have one of my own . just another one-liner 
If all else fails , read the directions . 
If evolution was true , mothers would have more than two hands . 
Poor < PROPFIRST > has a Sinus Infection : ( 
Girls are like phones . We love to be held , talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected ! 
If builders built buildings the way programmers write programs , the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization . 
I'm tired of all the sex on the television . I mean , I keep falling off ! 
Of course there's now a higher percentage of seat belt users . The non-users are slowly being killed off . 
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources . 
If someone is too tired to give you a smile , leave one of your own , because no one needs a smile as much as those who have none to give . I think this is my favorite of all . 
You may only be one person to the world , but you may also be the world to one person . 
If something is difficult to find ... It's like trying to find a fart in a Jacuzzi . 
The Godfather : Part 2 , ( 1974 ) , “Keep your friends close , but your enemies closer” , < PROPFIRST > Corleone ( < PROPMALE > Pacino ) 
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it . 
Modern medicine still hasn't decided whether it's harder on a middle-aged man to mow the lawn himself or argue to get his teenage son to do it . 
Had a great time at sales meeting ! Love the new fragrance Eternal Magic ! I will definately be sharing it with everyone ! Guess what !!?? Even my hubby likes it !! 
Diapers and politicians need to be changed ... often for the same reasons . 
why dont closed minded people have closed mouths 
have a question for those who use Birthday Cards App . I was adding some friends and pictures and names were mixed up . Has this happened to anyone else ? kinda wierd seeing < PROPFEMALE>'s name with < PROPFEMALE>'s picture ! 
Its Monday , there is no ROP for < PROPMALE > this week ! YAY ! I will be less busy this week ! Next week no school and no college class for him but then there is ROP . Why cant they be the same week ? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO , would make my life easier that is why they dont . 
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest . 
You don't stop laughing because you grow old . You grow old because you stop laughing . 
If you see a talking doll , check it's back for a small plastic ring . If there is no small plastic ring ... RUN ! 
Life is like a mirror , if you frown at it , it frowns back ; if you smile , it returns the greeting . Author : Unknown 
I don't know what tomorrow holds , but I know who holds tomorrow . Author : Unknown 
Had the best lunch and chat with my friend Fina ! And thanks for taking me to the cool consignment shop afterward ! We have to get together again soon ! 
I killed the friendship bread ~ well , actually the cats did . Can I get more ? 
Okay I made a big mistake and threw my Avon mascara away instead of the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . I hate the way the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > mascara goes on ! Sorry had to vent . Now I have to order more Avon mascara ! 
God gave us all a penis and a brain , but only enough blood to run one at a time . 
Ass , Grass , or Gas . Nobody rides for free . 
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power . We have guided missiles and misguided men . author uknown 
So who is NOT going to conference this year ? Just wondering who will be at customer search on Wednesday at McD ? 
Happiness is a path , not a destination . author unknown 
I have secrets so deep and dark , even I don't know what they are . 
If you can't make it good , at least make it look good . 
Be careful of your thoughts , they may become words at any moment . This is especially true with me . You never know what I will say just to see your reaction ! 
The Perfect Man : After careful consideration and endless debate the perfect man has finally been named : MR . POTATO HEAD ! He's tan ! He's cute ! He knows the importance of accessorizing . And if he looks at another girl , you can rearrange his face !! LOL unknown author 
Today is the last day of my stayvacation . Oye . That is all I have to say . 
I need a few more ladies for Bunco this Friday ... If u live around Elk Grove , Sacramento , Galt or Lodi and a lady .... We'll be happy for u to join us . It starts at 7 pm , and its a potluck 
FACEBOOK is at it again ... violating our personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites choose \ " Instant Personalization\ " and uncheck \ " Allow\ " . Please copy & repost . Thanks ! " 
< PROPMALE > told me to put this one again ! If you see a talking doll , check it's back for a small plastic ring . If there is no small plastic ring ... RUN ! 
FB is amazing . Having a blast from the past moment 
got some new underwear yesterday . Well , it was new to me . author unknow 
Just finished watching \Its Complicated\ " loved it . Love < PROPFEMALE > Streep " 
Got my books labelled and ready for Customer Search tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > and team mates ! 
Off to run errands and canvass neighborhood now that we have nice weather 
It is possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs . 
Over 1,000 birds a year die from smashing into windows . 
The Starbucks at the highest elevation is on Main Street in Breckenridge , Colorado . 
Happy Mothers Day to all my FB friends ! 
Follow your dreams , except for that one where you're naked at work . ; ) 
How long a minute is depends on what side of the bathroom door you're on . 
so if her rep rollups dont count for part of my active downline , then why dont they rollup to district manager and stop teasing me thinking i have bigger first generation . so this means it will take me longer to get to AUL or will they count but not count ? 
FAVORITE FANTASY\ 
\ 
Age 17 Tall , dark and handsome\ 
Age 25 Tall , dark and handsome with money\ 
Age 35 Tall , dark and handsome with money and a brain\ 
Age 48 A man with hair\ 
Age 66 A man 
< PROPFEMALE > Barnes , a 37 year-old Florida woman crashed her car because she was attempting to shave her bikini line while driving . - The Week Magazine , 3/19/10 
Seven percent of Americans claim they never bathe at all . \ 
yuck ! 
another fine survery : According to a new survey , at least four out of every 10 Americans pee while taking a shower . 
im so tired ! i had a long day . got my hair colored and highlighted and nails done . and now its time for my random facts and then bedtime . 
After an argument , an angry Texas woman fried and ate her boyfriend's goldfish . - The Week Magazine , 10/16/09 \ 
Can you imagine explaining this to the officer who responded to this call ? 
I now have another kid graduated ! 
we saw < PROPMALE > of Persia last night . Good movie ! < PROPMALE > looks very hot with long hair ! 
22,000 Americans die annually because they lack health insurance . - Newsweek , 9/21/09 
On average ( in July 2009 ) , there are six job seekers for each job opening in the United States . - Fortune , 10/26/09 
Life is 10% of what happens to you and 90% of how you respond to it . \ 
Author : Unknown 
Life is a roller coaster . You can either scream every time you hit a bump or you can throw your hands up in the air and enjoy it . Author : Unknown 
Lovin my new hair ! I was a hair model for a hair taming product today and got my hair straighted ! It is soooo soft and the ends are not dry looking ! Best of all No Frizzies !! 
Business Facts : A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and hours are lost 
Hair by < PROPMALE > DO NOT PAY FOR YOUR HAIRCUTS !!!!! Anybody in the military never has to pay for a haircut at Hair By < PROPMALE > . Call for an appointment . Ask for < PROPMALE > . Or send me an email . Thank you for your service . I’m so proud of all of you !!! Please spread the word . ( 916 ) 821-6889 < PROPMALE > @HairBy < PROPMALE > . com 4201 Sunrise Blvd Suite E , Fair Oaks , Ca 95628 ( inside Rumors Salon and Spa ) 
need purple keys 
So depressed . This F***ing Bites ! 
So after all the crap from yesterday my daughter is back home . < PROPFEMALE > is leaving tomorrow to go to Redding to help auntie < PROPFEMALE > pack to move to Sacramento . This will give her time to think about what she wants to do 
Avon Products , Inc . Did you know that there are more than 250,000 women under the age of 40 in the U.S. living with breast cancer , and over 11,000 will be diagnosed this year . Click here to learn how you can help . : http://bit.ly/grVvM 
Avon Products , Inc . Since its inception in 1955 , the Avon Foundation has raised and awarded $725 million toward [ women’s causes ] , as well as for emergency and disaster relief . In WWD Beauty , CEO and Chairman < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > notes , “The decade hasn’t been just a great career , but I’m actually able to get up in the morning and make a difference . ” 
Avon Products , Inc . Through game-changing , patent-pending technology , Avon plans to launch a revolutionary hair product in July , Advance Techniques Lotus Shield , which controls frizz for up to three days . 
Avon Products , Inc . “I have a real love affair with the company ... The job is never an easy job , but I always ? nd my source of inspiration and source of energy , usually from our ? eld [ of representatives ] ... They are the same all over the world : They come to Avon to make their dreams come true . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , Chairman and CEO of Avon Products , Inc . quoted in WWD Beauty Biz 
Had a nice day today . Got my nails filled . Got to have lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Thank you so much ! We should do that more often ! 
FB you are really starting to annoy me ! You are telling me I have gifts and then I click on them it says \sorry you already accepted . \"" 
Glad my daughter is home until Monday ! Then she will be leaving again and returning next Friday/Saturday when we move her auntie down here . I sure missed the brat ! 
URRGHHHH 
Happy 18th Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! I hope you have a great birthday ! I wont be gooshy cuz I know you dont like it . Love mom 
Happy 4th of July everyone ! Be Safe ! 
My hubby bought me a bumper sticker yesterday : Quit Honking ! Im on the phone ! 
Ok , to all River City High Alumni we are meeting at T2 1443 Fulton Avenue Friday July 9th for Happy Hour Please repost to this to all friends 
TGIF ! It has been a really long week . Cant wait for Friday night with old friends . 
Please send me fruit on Treasure Isle ! Thank you ! 
TONIGHT ...... to all River City High Alumni we are meeting at T2 Nightclub and Lounge 1443 Fulton Avenue Friday July 9th for Happy Hour 4pm-7pm or ...... Please repost to this to all friends 
Had a wonderful ending to a long week ! 
Was thinking about where to go next Friday night .... Well < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s in Old Sacramento came to mind , also < PROPFEMALE > suggested Streets of London in West Sacramento . What do you think ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s Friday ? Any takers ? 
We are going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight ! Everyone is welcome to join us ! Yes , that does mean YOU ! 
6pm at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s .... 
We are going to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s at 6pm tonight ! Everyone is welcome to join us ! Yes , that does mean YOU ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Martinez-Takoda FB friend's daughter AUDRIN < PROPMALE > . Hold the family up in prayer today . Her 2 year old daughter was just diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even though you don't know her , please post to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for the little girl . God bless you for doing it ! (How could any mom/dad NOT repost ? ) ?? 
Just throwing this out to all of you early : Next Friday we will be at T2 for happy hour and beyond and would love to see all of you ! We love < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Do we have to ...... 
Is it time to go home yet ? No , I really dont want to go home . Hubby in the bay area for couple days workin . Its quite boring without him around for some reason . 
................................................ 
Friday we will be at T2 for happy hour and beyond and would love to see all of you ! We love < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
I want Everyone to know that I love my job and I would never discuss my pay with someone I work with . And just because I say I want to go home really does not mean it . And who does not say that anyway ? Who REALLY wants to be at work ? And if you have chosen to tell other people any different then you are NOT my friend . And you may remove yourself now . I dont need you in my life . 
Emotions are so exhausting . Im going to bed . Thanks to my hubby for coming home early ! 
I never said I hated the new software programs . They are new and take time to get used to them . They each have their own quirks to work out . I am not the only person to say so . I am guilty of doing needlepoint , but I did make sure if I was on a call I put my stuff down and paid attention to my call . 
No I am not picking and choosing which rules to follow . If you want everyone's full attention then no one should be allowed to read either . Yes I have made mistakes on accounts by misreading the instructions . Who hasn't ? It does not happen often or I would have been gone a long time ago . If you ask the customers I talk to you , you will find most of them were happy when we ended call . 
AACCHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?.. If you're allergic to bullshit , drama , games , liars , & fake ass people keep this sneeze going .....!!!!!!!!!! 
Hmmmmm 
Nothin better than a box of Whoppers for dinner ! Mama would be proud 
Its all good ................ Things will work out to be just fine 
Dont forget : I am expecting to see YOU at T2 tomorrow from 5pm til whenever ! 
Can we just jump to 5 already ? I am SO ready for my lemon drop ! 
I apologize for the multiple status updates . I've been having some glitches with posting links today . Seems to be fixed on My end now . Thanks ! 
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police . 
Its a new day . I got to sleep in , now Im going grocery shopping . Anyone need anything ? Very relaxed after all that has happened . Like < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > said \One door closes another opens . \ " Love you guys ! " 
Please look out for a blue B9 Tribeca Subaru with the license plate 5XXZ550 PLEASE call 911 immediately . The back window has a tickerbell stixker on the bottom right , there is a < PROPMALE > davidson sticker on bottom left of back window . PLEASE help find my friend < PROPFEMALE > Bauser's car ! It was stolen during the night . THX 
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car . 
Busy day ! Feels wonderful ! 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
Come One Come All .... This Friday Happy Hour at T2 Night CLub and Lounge on Fulton Avenue 4pm-7pm Or ...... 
Never fear shadows .... that always means there is a light shining somewhere . ~ 
Been a long day and have another tomorrow . I love my job ! So goodnight to my Facebook buddies ! 
after my long day im going to bed to be up hecka early for an event with my friend < PROPFEMALE > 
urgh . i just wanna go back to bed ! NO NO NO ! Want to do event ! Ok Im outta here or I will never be ready to leave . Glad I got my stuff ready last night , so now I just load the car ! Smart thinking ! 
Whoohoooo ! Just got home from event . a few items sold a couple names and lot of books handed out . I hope they call us back ! Then helped < PROPFEMALE > canvas and more tomorrow ! NAP ! 
: ) 
So I've been busy the last couple days just wanted you to get caught up on whats up . Hubby been to the doctor and to radiology and now waiting for call from Urologist to see why he's having pain . Daughter is having fun with her Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . Me and < PROPMALE > are pluggin along . Another busy day tomorrow too . 
i signed up another teammate , and have 2 next week ! 
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity , they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish ? LOL\ 
Have an awesome day my fb friends ! 
The waiting is killing us 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the second you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would !! Put this on your status if you have children you love more ...... than ...... life ? 
He has appointment with oncology doctor next thursday . 
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything , but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs . \ 
I love this one !! 
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room . 
Step 1 – Frizz Control Shampoo Step 2 – Frizz Control Conditioner Step 3 – Lotus Shield , Result - Instantly Frizz Free , even in 97% humidity ! 
You ever just want to barf when your read some comments ? 
If you think that putting up a mosque 600 ft from Ground Zero and having the inauguration on the anniversary of 9/11/11 is immoral , inhuman and a complete lack of respect for the memories of all that perished on that day & their survivors , and that politicians are doing a grave injustice to the fallen heroes , their families & all the people of New York City & Our Country ... THEN PLEASE COPY & PASTE THIS TO YOUR WALL 
2 down , 2 to go ! 
So today is Altons oncology doctor appointment . 
So after a week of worrying about what the ultrasound said , doctors not calling us back to say what was happening ...... \ 
< PROPMALE > went to oncology appointment and the doctor didnt know why he was referred there . his ultrasounds were fine . THERE IS NO CANCER !!! \ 
There is a cyst and there is pain so he is referred to Pain Management . \ 
whoohooo !!! 
Today < PROPMALE > got call from gastro doc for an appt on Tuesday . Still waiting for call from Urologist . Hmmm . Funny thing , our doctor called him after the gastro dr. Make sense ? 
We never really grow up , we only learn how to act in public . 
So it really sucks to be down to one car til my car gets fixed Wednesday . It really puts a damper on my recruiting ..... NOT !! Im still recruiting ! When I grow up Im gonna be like < PROPFEMALE > ! xoxo to my team ! 
A computer once beat me at chess , but it was no match for me at kick boxing !! \ 
LMAO ! 
The voices in my head may not be real , but they have some good ideas ! 
~ Never fear shadows .... that always means there is a light shining somewhere . ~ 
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets . 
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity . 
Fun day ! put books out and talked to people with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . got my car fixed . Thank you < PROPFIRST > !!!! Thank God its not as costly as expected ! Another fun day tomorrow at the Folsom Bridal Show !! We will be putting the lipsticks on the models ! Come by and say Hi to us at the Avon booth ! 
Unfortunately most women won't re-post this : I'm strong-willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at MY BEST ! If you're a HANDFUL and I KNOW I AM ... then pass this on ! 
Well that was fun . Checking FB cuz I havent been on for few days , and freakin power goes out ! Guess I used so much electricity catching up . 
So again it goes out ..... urgh . This is so not good for my computer . 
Oct 23rd $50 Beerfest in Fair Oaks Park\ 
Can you help out ? Let me know ASAP !! 
hubby got advanced showing of Machete . Hopefully we can get in this time . 
ugh , remind he not to stay up until 3am again . dude ! what has the name of that truck ? 
Copied from another Avon rep - One of the best ( and hardest ! ) lesson I learned . You can't control who joins your business and who doesn't . The ONLY thing you can control how many people you expose your business to . 
< PROPMALE > got call from GI dr. polps in stomach are not cancerous but have to be removed , ans there are white blood cells on bottom of stomach , so means his body is fighting infection just where . liver is still enflamed . gall bladder has precancerous cells , but wants to wait and do another ultrasound in about 5-6 months to see if it grows . Will find out the action plan Thursday when we see her . 
Hospitality : making your guests feel like they're at home , even if you wish they were . 
Money can't buy happiness , but it sure makes misery easier to live with . 
Hallmark Card : \I'm so miserable without you 
So far so good . Waiting on call from doctor to schedule the removal of the polp in < PROPMALE>'s stomach , and will schedule another ultrasound in 3 months to see if the cells on the gall bladder get bigger . They will be going in thru his esophagus to remove the polp so recovery time wont be long , it will be an out-patient at UCD downtown just in case there is a problem . ( Breathing sigh of relief ) 
after months of an unhappy zoo , everyone is happy now !! whoohoo 
What an emotional day at the Relay for Life in Placerville with my friend < PROPFEMALE > DeBolt ! I loved meeting and hearing everyones story and hanging out with you ! 
From my friend : < PROPFEMALE > DeBolt Relay For Life 2010 has come to a close , but we are Celebrating , Our Income Goal was $60k , our net income was $ 74,496 . 77 !!!!! $ 14,496 . 77 over Goal !!!!!!! Great Job to the Committee , The Teams , and Everyone that visited our Relay on Sept 11-12 , 2010 . \ 
Time to start planning for 2011 , did some while I walked the track all night long . 
Who else wants to mess with my life ? Bring it on ! 
On my way out the door to help < PROPFEMALE > with setting up sales meeting . \ 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Im sorry for your loss . 
Im getting over an anxiety attack . ( I rarely get these anymore , but today pushed my anxiety to its limit ) It is now pretty funny , but wasnt at the time ! \ 
I had appt w/ EDD to make sure I have been looking for job , resume on CalJobs , etc . I get there early and fill out forms that needed to be filled out . The man takes the group of us into the back room to explain how to fill out apps etc . 
( Im thinkin I know how to do this why am I at back to basics of job hunting . ) Then he starts talking about what to put on your app for your time \away . \ " ( HMMM I dont think I should be here . ) " 
We had a few < PROPFEMALE > break so I took the man who was explaining out of the room and explained I think I went into wrong workshop I am NOT an ex-con can you point me in the right direction of the one I should be in !! Nice man that he was took me to nice lady who said I missed the class but this happens often ! OMG !! I have NEVER been in a room full of that many ex-cons in my ENTIRE life !! 
I enrolled in school !! Business Accounting ! I cant wait to start ! Just hope the VA benefits kick in soon so I dont have to pay anything or get grants or loans ! 
Happy Birthday to my adult baby ! I cant believe she is 20 today ! Wasnt it just yesterday that she was born ? 
Well just anted to say that I think my husband it the nicest and sweetest guy I know . He is there when I need him and has most of hte answers to the tough questions . And will stand and defend me against anyone to the end ,,,,,,,,,, and it kinda good cuz he usually wins . 
If you read my last post you will find the real underlining meaning ...... lol you might have to read it a few times ....... lol 
< PROPMALE>'s surgery to remove his alien in his stomach is tomorrow morning ! They wont know the recovery time yet , until they go in . If they go through his throat it will be 2 days , if have to go through his abdomen it could be up to 4-6 weeks . 
It's Husband Week . If you have a husband that makes your life interesting , who works hard to provide for your family , who has been there through thick & thin , who has been a blessing in your life and to whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy & paste this in your status with your wedding date . February 3rd 1990 
I know I texted people that I have phone < PROPFIRST > for sorry for the repeat . \ 
< PROPMALE > went into procedure , they couldnt do it because food in his stomach so they rescheduled him for December 8th . Pissed as usual he called his GI doctor in Folsom . She got is rescheduled for Monday Oct 4th at 9am . Hmmm . Amazing that they tell us there are no sooner , but the doctor calls and wow lookie here , appt Monday ! 
I have so much to say . But Im afraid to say it without it being used against me . I know I shouldnt be afraid to but ..... 
What would you do if you left on bad terms with an employer and this former employer waves at you ? \ 
I wanted to flip him off , but decided to be the big girl and just stared at him and thought really bad thoughts for him and the whole company . 
I'm thinking Fall is here 
I like it on the kitchen table 
Ignorance is Bliss 
Get a life-get a grip Get away somewhere , take a trip Take a break-take control Take advice from someone you know Come on over-come on in Pull up a sea t-t ake a load off your feet Come on over-come on in You can unwind-take a load off your mind 
October is SAVE THE TATA'S month\ 
Remember to have your tata's checked yearly my friends 
Ya know , sometimes the truth hurts 
I really hate confrontations so I get emotional . I told the truth and they lied . Hopefully the judge will see it . 
Im really frustrated I cant play cafe world . Have tried again and again , it just gives me blank pages . GRRRRR . I already have spoiled food !! \ 
Oh guess what !? I cooked dinner last night ! I know this is a big shock to those who know me very well . I made fajitas ! 
Takin off to get < PROPFEMALE > to The Boardwalk for concert . Hoping she will get last night off her brain at least for a few hours and has some serious fun ! 
Hmmmm . What is on my mind ? \ 
: )\ 
Smile , it makes people wonder what Im up to 
Ren faire in Folsom ! 
? ? IT'S MOMMY WEEK ! POST THIS AND THE DATE YOU FIRST BECAME A MOMMY ! September 23 , 1990 Then Again On July 3 , 1992 ? ? 
For my banquet in Cafe World I need : crackling peking duck , white radhish cake , jumbo shrimp cocktail 
8 : ( 
I am really needing the love from my friends today . Help me make it through . 
Check out the Ampgard group Thor's Refuge article in the Sacramento < PROPFEMALE > this morning ! 
inspired to work my business more and to stay focused if I want to pay bills . now if i could either get out of bed early and get off the computer early 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only one : to get better . I know , that 97% will not post this as their status , be one of the 3% and put this as your status , at least for an hour , for those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it ? 
For those that I have not been able to talk to ...... \ 
< PROPMALE > was diagnosed with stomach cancer on Thursday . Today he had a CT scan . He has been referred to the UCDMC cancer center and to have an endoscopy to see how many layers of stomach has been affected . I will update you all as I know things . \ 
Love ya all 
Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > Asbell for dinner and a movie . We really love having you and Neicy over ! 
WHILE YOU SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softlyin her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . WHILE YOU HURTyour WOMAN , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you .. make your woman CRY , ... there's a man stealing HER SMILE . Post this on your wall if you're against domestic violence 
so , his shoes have holes in them so his feet are getting wet and cold . so we buy him shoes that are less than $20 including tax . not bad . but we have little money but shoes are necessary , right ? he wants to return them . WTF !!! 
AHHH-CHOO !!!.....? (-???•?) ?..... if you're allergic to bullshit , drama queens , head games , liars , two-faced fake people , stupid people , shit stirrers & down-right nasty pieces of garbage , keep this sneeze going !! I'm lookingforward to seeing who will re-post this !!! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? ( NOTE : If you comment , you gotta copy and past this in your status - fair is fair - play along ) 
Hi there , I know it is short notice but ... \ 
My friend who owns T2 Night Club & Lounge is having a VFW BBQ Fundraiser next Sunday November 7th from 1pm - 5pm . The vendors I am have written to are : Tupperware , Scentsy , Homemade jellies & jams , Passion Party , and Stepping Stones . And me of course with Avon . \ 
Let me know and pass on the word to other vendors that you know with different items for sale . \ 
Thank you ! Tammy 
Is it bedtime yet ? NO 
dropped books off to customer , check . dropped order off and collected money , check check . dropped daughter at the mall with friend , check check check . voted , check check check check ! 
Im still needing some vendors for Sunday . Please let me know 
< PROPFEMALE > has a job interview on Friday with Target !! I hope she gets it ! \ 
Ok really , Im not just thinking of myself . HEHE 
Do you need extra money for the holidays ? Have you ever thought about starting your own business ? If so , come chat with me on Friday about how Avon can help you achieve your dreams . I'll be at the Starbucks on Bradshaw in Rancho Cordova , CA from 2pm to 6pm . Or email me for a personal appointment . 
so far everything is looking good . < PROPMALE > has an endoscopy ultrasound on Monday to see if there is any cancer still in the stomach and how deep it is . Dr said it looks like they may have gotten it all when removing the polyps . if there is cancer still there hoping it is just the first layer they will scrape the lining . so far no chemo or radiation . but he does want frequents checks on stomach just in case . 
I too , am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . It's a shame we no longer do , . for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see HOW ... many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone ! 
I was denied unemp . So I have decided to stand on the corner naked and have people throw money at me to put my clothes back on ! LMAO\ 
or my other option :\ 
paint myself and do some kind of routine on k street mall 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5thMarines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and they have lost nine Marines in four days . Praying for all our soldiers . PLEASE REPOST . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE THIS ON EVERYONE'S WALL " 
To Mom : \ 
I wish heaven had a phone , so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but thats nothing new . I thought about you yesterday & days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories & a picture in a frame . Repost this if you have someone in heaven that you miss on earth . 
900 books tossed in the area . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for your help ! 
wants to accept all gifts at one time instead of each one individually . 
We never really grow up , we only learn how to act in public . \ 
( just a random quote ) 
time to get moving and not let the migraine hold me down any longer . So far its going on 24 hours and it is too freakin long . I have work to do you stupid headache ! 
As you know last week we ( Tab and I ) tossed 900 Avon books in the College Greens / College < PROPMALE > area . What I didnt say was that a rep that lives on a certain street there and had in nice words not to toss in her area and waste my money and time . Well , I have gotten 4 orders from her neighborhood ! Whoohoo ! What does this tell you ? 
Everyone needs to sit down so I can tell you somethin ...... \ 
I am cooking dinner again ! I am making rotisserie chicken in the microwave thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for the invite for the Tupperware Holiday Cooking Class that reminded me I have these tools in my kitchen . So in about 20 minutes there will be this scrumptious chicken ! 
I heard on the radio the other day the remaining living members of The Cars are getting together and making a new CD and will be touring next year ! I cant wait ! WHO IS WITH ME ? 
< PROPMALE > is scheduled for surgery to remove his stomach and to rebuild it , remove gall bladder , possibly the spleen and possibly a portion of his liver for December 9th 
Just plodding along ................... 
Have I told you lately how much I love you all ? \ 
We appreciate everything you all are doing to help us . This is so stressful on us , but Im thankful for all of you . The surgeon is confident that this was found early enough to have a full recovery . ( minus a few organs and rebuilding of the stomach )\ 
Happy Thanksgiving 
Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens\ 
Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens\ 
Brown paper packages tied up with strings\ 
These are a few of my favorite things\ 
Cream colored ponies and crisp apple streudels\ 
Doorbells and sleigh bells and schnitzel with noodles\ 
Wild geese that fly with the < PROPFEMALE > on their wings\ 
These are a few of my favorite things 
Had a really great Thanksgiving with friends and family ! 
Breathe in Breathe out 
mmmm coffee , shower , then off to take aunt to have a GI procedure 
The basis for makeup starts with your skin . So you want to create a good skin care routine before applying makeup . Cleanse , exfoliate and moisturize daily and wear sun protection . 
To all the UNSELFISH MOMS out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags & WOULDN'T CHANGE A THING . Lets see how many Moms can actually post this . Moms who DON'T CARE about what they gave up , and instead LOVE what they got in return ! Post this if you LOVE your LIFE AS A MOM ! 
A person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer ... 
So is it bad that I found Bunco Blast on FB and it is hella addicting ? 
went to pre-op appointment today for < PROPMALE > . he will get a call from hospital tomorrow to tell him what time to be there Wednesday . 
I was thinking ..... I want to go back to < PROPMALE > and Busters ! 
Altons has to be at UCDMC at 0530 , surgery will be about 5 1/2 hrs . If you want to come down waiting room on 3rd floor . I will text everyone when I hear anything 
I just stopped at home to get my orders ready for delivery but the site is having technical difficulties . Can you say WTF ! I dont have much time to invoice and deliver before getting back for the surgery !!!! DONT YOU GET IT !!! \ 
Sorry .... had to let it out : ) 
why when you are on time limit nothing goes right ? Is this another of murphys law ? 
okay , so if I owe you your Avon order , I cant get it to you today . Will get to you tomorrow . Avon site is down . Sorry , this one is out of my control\ 
Running out the door they are taking < PROPMALE > to surgery RIGHT FREAKING NOW ! DONT THEY KNOW HOW TO TELL TIME ?? ITS NOT AFTERNOON !! 
So I get home from my day with hubby at the hospital and find a statement of what our health insurance company has paid for a ride in the ambulance . ( Please note the ride was from UCD Cancer Center to the ER at UCD about 1/2 a block away ) \ 
$1348 !!!!! WTF !!!! He could have walked for free . NO ! You must ride the ambulance in case something happens to you . GEEZ ! RIP OFF !! 
Keep this going ! Heavenly Father , as we embark upon this a new year , walk through my home & take away all my worries & any illnesses & please watch & protect my family & friends . In Jesus name , Amen ! This prayer is so powerful , stop what you're doing & set this to your status . Watch what He'll do !! Believe & receive !..... : * 
Since I have not been home my house is a pig sty . I swear I taught my children how to clean . I guess its time for a refresher course . \ 
Boy will they hate me tomorrow . ; ) 
< PROPMALE > is making spaghetti sauce from scratch ! 
A question to my friends from high school ..... \ 
Didnt someone with the last name Tuma go to River City with us ? \ 
Reason I ask , while < PROPMALE > was in the hospital this last week he had a roomie whose last name was Tuma . It sounds so familiar . < PROPMALE>'s roomie was about 65 or so . He didnt know of any Tuma's from West Sac . Just wondering . 
I have realized how rude people can truly be . \ 
Tonight we went to Walmart and this ghetto couple behind us was complaining about how slow we were walking . Are they so freaking stupid that they didnt see the cane he was using . GRRR . And then leaving this lady was trying to rush in front of us to get to check out before us . Double GRRRR 
They went \poof \"" 
Let's see how creative my facebook friends can be .... leave me a 1 word comment that best describes ME , using the 3rd letter in YOUR first name !! It can only be 1 word .... then copy & paste this so I can leave a word about you ! 
Once upon a time ........ 
You take em good , you take em bad , you take em all , and there you have ....... 
Im at Midtown Bazaar @ 1616 I street today until 3pm . Come see all the cool vendors with all their goods ! 
Sitting here waiting for you to show up at Midtown . yes you ! 
ACHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?....... If you're allergic to bull crap , drama queens , head games , liars , 2 faced fake people , keep this sneeze going ... I can't wait to see who'll re-post this . 
Can I be an ostrich for today please ? 
I woke up with this stupid rash yesterday morning . I want my rash to go away ! : ( 
Now she is mad at me because I wont allow someone I dont know to stay the night so they can play video games all night . \ 
Freakin get a job girl !! 
I joined Weight Watchers today . : ) 
Day 2 and its lunch time . What should I eat ? 
Day 3 , Im stilling being a good girl and counting everything on etools 
Day 4 had belgian waffles ! Yummy !! 
I havent been on FB in a couple of days so I wanted to tell everyone who sent me the birthday wished THANK YOU !! Lots of love to you !! \ 
I lost 3.4 pounds at weigh in yesterday !! 
Today we have been married for 21 years .... WTF WAS I THINKING !!! \ 
HEHE , just kidding Love you < PROPMALE > ! 
Todays weigh in : -3 lbs Total : - 6.4 lbs\ 
Whootwhoot !! 
I miss Bunco nights with the girls 
Just want to sent word out the < PROPFIRST > Burdette is on his way home from the Middle East . < PROPFIRST > s Post :\ 
SPREAD THE WORD ON HIGH , I'm on my way home !!! \ 
Thursday the 17th\ 
... \ 
United flight 799 from O'Hare\ 
Arriving at 1333\ 
Terminal B 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone !! \ 
Remember to give an extra squeeze because we dont know how long we will have our loved one ! 
I gained this week really bad . Hopefully just water gain from PMS . I will see next week crossing my fingers ! \ 
Gained : 3.4 Total loss : 3 lbs 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , have more money , a new phone . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is FIGHTING cancer , post this for at least one ho ... ur !!!!!! 
cross your fingers that < PROPMALE > gained weight this week 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , have more money , a new phone . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is FIGHTING cancer , post this for at least one hour !!!! 
My Mom made me laugh ..... Wiped my tears ..... Hugged me tight ..... Watched me succeed ..... Saw me fall ..... Cheered me on ..... Kept me going strong ..... And ..... Drove me a little crazy at times ..... But Mom's are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful Mom 
So not only is California without a budget , so is the Federal Government . \ 
Hmmm\ 
Pass the budget so when < PROPMALE > is able to go back to work he will have work to go back to . PLEASE 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends 
Am I the only one who thinks its hilarious to watch some guy with his ass hanging out of his pants try to run in said pants ? \ 
Or even better , run while holding cell phone to ear in one hand and cigarette in the other . 
Please re-post for at least 1 hr if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Lupus , Cystic Fibrosis , Diabetes , Thyroid disease , Crohns , Fibromyalgia , PCOS , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , MS , MD , Depression , Bipolar , M.E Autism/ Asperger s etc ) . Do it for all who have an invisible illness . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside 
Whatever you give to a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . Give her a house she will give you a home . Give her groceries she will give you a meal . Give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges whatever she is given . So if you give her crap ...... Be ready to receive a ton of shit . women keep this going . 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pitty Train has just derailed at the intersection of \SUCK IT UP\ " and \ " MOVE ON\ " and crashed into \ " WE ALL HAVE PROBLEMS\ " before coming to a complete stop at \ " GET THE HELL OVER IT\ " !!!! Reporting live from \ " KWITCHERBITCHEN \"." 
Im still full from my dinner at Rubios ! And supported an awesome cause ! Thank you to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > for coming also . It was great hanging out with you guys ! 
Will you be at the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > West at 6pm tonight ? 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . A woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Re-post if this made you smile :) 
It's Son/s Week ! If you have a handsome son or sons that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime . 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen Soldiers funerals ...... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE TRASHING , GAVE HIS LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY !!!!!!! \ 
Feel free to copy and post 
Aquarius Astrology January 20 - February 18\ 
Aquarius Strength Keywords :\ 
- Witty\ 
- Clever\ 
- Humanitarian\ 
- Inventive\ 
- Original\ 
Aquarius Weakness Keywords :\ 
- Stubborn\ 
- Unemotional\ 
- Sarcastic\ 
- Rebellious\ 
- Aloof 
Freaky 
going to get dinner for everyone then going to Bunco ! Ttyl 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
I smell BBQ ribs ! 
So I guess Sacramento is not going to be beachfront property . \ 
Anyone else wanna learn how to surf with me ? Or go to Bodega Bay ? \ 
Sorry , have to make light of the situation . 
Avon Products , Inc . \ 
We cannot wait for the launch of < PROPFEMALE > Tillia's newest collection on April 12th ! The line is full of affordable baby clothes and accessories for moms and infants up to 2 years-old . Avon is proud to expand and grow < PROPFEMALE > Lerman’s original vision , bringing the magical collection to moms and their little ones everywhere . For a sneak peak , check out tinytillia.com 
At Swabbies on the river waiting for my in law < PROPFIRST > to play ! come see us 
< PROPFEMALE > Bomb was awesome at Swabbies on the River ! \ 
Cant wait to see them next month at Shenanigans !! 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you please post for 1 hour 
The one u just called fat ? She has been starving herself & she has lost over 30lbs . The One u just called stupid ? She has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped ? She is abused enough at home . Theres a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if your against bullying :) 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of LIFE , getting back up is LIVING ~ Re-post if you agree 
< PROPFEMALE > BOMB WILL BE SWABBIES JULY 3RD !! \ 
Its < PROPMALE>'s 19th birthday ... Wanna go ? It is so much fun ! \ 
and My brother in law plays the drums in the band ! 
< PROPMALE > is scheduled for another upper GI tomorrow is really scared . : ( 
Well , < PROPMALE>'s appointment today was for an upper GI w/ contrast that took a couple hours and then the blood work had to get done . We had lunch at Arby's and shared a French Dip sandwich that he was able to keep down . 
Happy Green Day ! \ 
yeah , I mean < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Armstrong , < PROPFIRST > Dirnt , and Tre Cool 
Wishing that money would grow on trees so this stress would go away . WAIT ! My tree is naked that wont help . Welcome to my life . : ( 
We are so bummed . Today was the last day for < PROPMALE > to see the home health nurse < PROPFEMALE > . She became part of the family in the months he has seen her . Its shows he is getting better , but we will miss her . 
Thank you to our friends < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for the sandwiches for late lunch . Love you guys ! 
Today we are cleaning so the real estate agent can take pics of the house . Landlord is doing a short sale , hopefully we can stay in the house . \ 
Keep fingers crossed . 
Thank you < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for all the help you have given us . It means so much . 
Double meds day : ( 
From my Facebook friend < PROPFEMALE > Workman Novak :\ 
Would anybody be willing to help me find a flotation device for a special needs child ? My daughter is 11 years old and has Developmental Delays . Please contact via Facebook Email if you can help me 
We have one month to move out . How do we move when we have no money and have no idea when will have the money ? We dont know when < PROPMALE > can return to work yet either . Any suggestion besides living under a bridge ? Of course that cant be done right now because the river is so high . 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
Hey friends , We are in need of money to move , so are selling our < PROPFEMALE > size bedroom furniture . < PROPFEMALE > size bed frame , 2 night stands , and 1 dresser with mirror for $250 . If you know anyone who wants or needs bedroom furniture , please call , text or email me ( 916 ) 912-0345 . 
Am I mean or do you think this is funny too ? \ 
< PROPMALE > had a cough drop in his mouth and then started coughing . \ 
Said cough drop flies out of his mouth , and lands across the room . 
Any mommies in the house ? Two more weeks until TinyTillia.com goes live ! We’re so excited to explore < PROPFEMALE > Lerman’s original vision with affordable baby clothes and accessories for moms and infants up to 2-­ ? years-­ ? old ! 
U and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think 
ACHOO !!! .......? (-???•?) ?....... If you're allergic to bullshit , drama queens , head games , liars and 2-faced people , keep this sneeze going ... I can't wait to see who'll re-post this !!!!!!!!! 
Who says Facebook friends aren't real friends ? They enjoy seeing you on line everyday ... miss you when you're not there ... send condolences if you've lost someone ... send you wishes on your Birthday ... enjoy the photos & videos you post ... put a smile on your face when you're down , make you laugh when you feel like crying .... Thanks to all my facebook friends ! 
Hey FB friends ! This is from my friends < PROPFIRST > and Mike :\ 
< PROPFIRST > Sanchez\ 
Hey Everyone . \ 
Want to be on TV come to T2 , 1443 Fulton Avenue , Sacramento Monday 7:00 a.m. yes ... I said a.m. for a commercial shoot on Good Day Sacramento . 
Update on our situation :\ 
< PROPMALE > finally received his state disability check ( after a month ) , and a check from shor t-t erm disability . \ 
And we found a place to live around the corner and we get the keys Tuesday !! \ 
Whoopwhoop ! 
