had far too much fun in the city tonight ! Happy New Year everyone ! 

is in a pretty shitty mood ! 
is in a much better mood today ! 
is just not gonna let fucking assholes get to him ... er gonna try at least ! 
got an \A\ " in his first summer class ! Let's see if he can do it agian for the second one ! " 
is screamin from the mt . tops \ENOUGH WITH THE GODDAMN RAIN ! This isn't Seatle ! \"" 
is in l-uh-uh-uv ! is in L-UH-UH-UV ! 
has a long week ... yet again .... doesn't life get any less bizzy ? 
cut class this morn .... oooops . But still has to go off to FedEx ! Please guys ! Enough with the tires , crates , and furniture ! 
is ready for the weekend ! Bring it ON ! 
may not always know whats best for himself , but he knows what def is not ! 
has only 3 more days of his summer class then he is free ' till he goes to LA in 3 weeks ! :) 
wishes some people would have more going for them then just \fun to look at\ " ! lol " 
was offered a lead postion , but it's over night which means he would have to give up a few things in his life .... He has no idea what to do !!!!!! 
didn't take the job but is instead on a list for when something durin his normal hours opens up . 
just wants a relaxing weekend ! 
already hates this week ! 
is being super serial , you guys ! Man-Bear-Pig is going to attack ! 
just wants some things to go back to the way they were ..... 
is wondering why he is always the \convenient fuck . \ " ..... perhaps it's actually time to not be such a slut n e more .... lol " 
can't go another day w/out seein his Friday night crew ! 
hates people .... they suck ! 
thinks people who beat their children deserve to be beatin themeselves ! 
is hungover and going to work ..... Death , firing , or quitting will happen today ..... lol 
really really .... REALLY HATES FedEx ! 
is leavin for LA one week from today ! 
just has to get through this week , then off to LA at last ! 
just has 2 more days ..... thats it ! < PROPFEMALE > LA ! 
has come to the conclusion that homosexual practices aren't considered \gay\ " amongst str8 men if : 1 ) He is getting paid 2 ) He's drinking ( alcohol ) or 3 ) He delcares \ " No Homo\ " within 15 seconds . He also believes people need to get the hell over themselves ! " 
is goin to Calerfornie ! He hears they got intanet out there ! 
has been to NYc more times then he can count and never had a serious prob wit bums . He spends one day in San < PROPFEMALE > and he is attacked by two ... West Coast bums are really .... annoying ! lol 
would like to remind his East Coast People that he is 3 hrs behind . So dont call before 3 pm EST ! :) 
can't believe he has only been away for a week ! Good to know at least some people miss me ! :) 
has < PROPMALE > drving for 10 hrs str8 ( most of which was down the Cali Coast ) and is ready to blow his brains out ! ( oh and he is still 5 hrs away from LA ! 
is in LA at LAST !!!!!!!!!! AND has VIP access to Universal Studios tomorrow ! 
had the best day of his life as a VIP at Universal Studios in Hollywood ! 
met < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > today !!!!!!!!! 
had a really great day at < PROPMALE > Brothers Studio today . He got to meet an actor from one of his favorite shows \Chuck\ " that was in the middle of filming ! :) " 
is goin home tomorrow ! 
has a very long day ahead of him as he leaves LA to come back to NJ ! 
is back in NJ ! 
classes in a week .... ew 
is actually not goin to classes this semester since the gov't thinks he makes too much money at FedEx to get aid ..... riiiiiiight .... 
it's not that I dont care ( I DO ! ) , I just dont see myself in you ..... LOL 
is just so damn confuse . One minute he is told by the state he is too < PROPMALE > for Fed Aid ... then his school sends him a letter telling him the gov't is payin 3/4 of his tuition ...... WTF ?! 
at least knows that if you avoid things like smoking cigs and drinking coffee cuz it's bad for your health , then you are not a goth ! You are a freakin ' Vampire-kid ! 
was totally just bailed on last < PROPFEMALE > and now has an extra ticket to see a show in the city ( NYC ) tonight and just really doesnt want the ticket to go to waste ... anybody up for it ? It's free .... 
believes < PROPFEMALE > Jazikoff is the most awesome person alive ! You're a life saver ! :) 
really hates school .... welp not goin this semester .... 
is gonna 23 in 2 weeks ! :) 
has noticed Kay-Fed has really let himself go ! 
had one mind-fuck of a day ! 
is trying to pay his college < PROPMALE > online but since everyone and their mother is paying today as well the fucking site keeps timing out ! GGGGGRRRRRRR 
is sooooooooo happy he has off tomorrow ! :) 
Happy Labor Day ! 
is 23 in a week from today ! If he didnt tell the people he invited to his thing when or where TEXT HIM ASAP ! 
is wondering who the fuck he is friends wit that is 48 ? lol 
is playing Arkham Asylum ...... and LOVING IT ! 
is 23 tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is 23 yrs old ! He only has 7 yrs left till 30 ....... Oh boy ! 
has class in the AM then work .... back to life for the newly 23 yr old ..... 
wants to learn things .... just not boring things .... 
is wondering why he must constantly be surrounded by such freakin ' IDIOTS ! 
Same shit , different week .... 
just wants one thing ..... ANYTHING to work out ! 
wishes facebook would tell u what friends take you off thier list so ur not goin thro 200+ friends tryin to figure out who did ! lol 
is just ..... done wit it all .... 
finally found Jesus ! He was behind the shotgun seat of my car the entire time ! 
could honestly care less about silent films at this point ...... 
is goin to a mad early halloween party ! BOO ! 
' s loyalty is with the U.S. Gov't ..... NOT it's ruler ! BACK OFF ! 
is just so done with all the drama ! You want to act like a fucking 12 yr old , be my fucking guest , but dont be shocked when i'm not around n e more asshole ! 
doesnt want to work the rest of the week .... but will for the $$$$$ . 
LETS GO YANKEES ! 
believes they are giving away the nobel peace prize like hooker opens his/her legs for a desperate sale ! FUCK OBAMA ! 
loves having a day or 2 off ! 
is wondering why did < PROPFEMALE > knock on < PROPMALE>'s door , and Collins choose the phone booth back where Angel set up his drums ? Why did < PROPFEMALE>'s equipment break down ? Why is he the witness ? And when he captures it on film .... will it mean that it's the end ... and he's alone ? 
heard there is a SAW < PROPFEMALE > .... REALLY ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! Beatin a dead horse guys ! 
can not think of a clever status update ..... 
has disovered one can get porn on blu < PROPFIRST > ! Yes ladies and gents , porn in high def ! Thankx , < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
let's hope tonight is the night ! Let's go Yankees ! 
so much for winning ... it's cool , the Yanks can win Sat !.... er WE BETTER ! 
has a feeling the Yankees aren't goint to be playing tonight ..... and hopes at least tomorrow they finish off the goddamn Angels ! 
thinks the Yankees are gonna kick some Angels ass tonight ! ...... PLEASE let tonight be the fucking night !!!!!! 
is sooooooo happy the Yankees won ! About fuckin time we were goin to the series ! 
is trying to figure out why he continues to be moved to places in FedEx he needs ... NOT be ! Putting a(n ) unloader/IC handler/tugger in A1 to load a truck is like just handing him a knife , giving him basics on open heart surgery , then sayin \Go get ' em tiger ! \ " WTF ?! " 
has a mid-term tomorrow @ 8 am .... ew 
is wondering if the Yankees are gonna play tonight .... eh probly not ! Let's go Yankees ! 
is to excited for tonight ! He better see mad peoples there !!!!!! 
would like to know what kind person would like to keep him updated for game 3 tonight since he will not be home .... or near a TV showin the game .... lol 
is happy the yankees won ! 2 wins down ... 2 to go ! 
loves how it is top of the first and it's already 2-0 Yankees ! lol 
is still watchin the game . Bottom of the 5th , 4-2 Yankees ! 
is ssoooooo not happy about this tie ! Lets go YANKEES ! 
WHAT A FUCKIN PLAY BY DAMEN AND A-ROD !!!!!!!!!!!! 5-4 Yanks ! 
7-4 Yankees !!!!!! 
Yankees WIN 7-4 FINAL ! 
is so not happy with the way the game went tonight ..... but 6-8 is still pretty close .... At least we have a < PROPMALE > to win at home ! 
has to go vote then get to work .... One day school will end and he will do the things he WANTS to do ! It just better freakin pay well ! lol 
just LOVES having bronchitis ! 
is so glad Corzine is OUTIE !!!!!!! 
wants the Yankees to run the Phillies out of the Bronx tonight ! 
dished out $75 to go to the ER when he couldnt breath just to find out what he already knew ! BRONCHITIS ! .... tho the fact he has a 103 degree fever was knew . Well on the bright side he is on bed rest till Monday and the Yankees are winning ! Oh and FUCK YOU FedEx for cutting the walkin dead last !!!!! 
YANKEES WIN ! Here's to # 27 and many many more ! :D 
is a little bit better , but still feels like complete shit .... He also hasnt had a cig in 29 hrs which isnt helping either . DAMN THIS SICK THING ! 
got his jury summons in the mail ..... 
doesnt know what to make for dinner .... or should he just go out ? 
is back to his life ! SO LONG BRONCITIS ! 
is back to work .... 
dreamed a dream in time gone by .... 
would do n e thing for just one night with ( blank) !!!!!! N E THING ! 
was not aware he had \servant child\ " branded on his ass ! " 
wants to know who is up for a mother fuckin Jurassic Park marathon ! Ya know the one thats very very over due ! 
just saw 2012 and thought it was a great movie . Total BS , but a great movie ! ;) .... oh and Eastwick is cancled .... :( 
reactivated his \City of Heroes\ " account .... anyone want to want to friend my game account ? " 
has an 8 am class then off to hell ... er um FedEx ... 
thinks FedEx drama is really fun ... esp when he isnt involved . He is also assuming that 2 of FedEx's finest will no longer have a job by tomorrow ! lol 
believes there should be a law in this country that all men should be circumsized ! Seriously .... it's mad gross ! 
always seems to have something else to do ... 
hates writer's block ! 
will have the insensitive bitch w/ a side of f*ck you ! lol 
is just too good to be true ! ;) 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
work in a bit then < PROPMALE > ! 
is gonna enjoy his weekend ! 
is no longer going to \like\ " people's statuses ! He is sick to death of all the notifications every time a new person has something to say about !!!!! lol " 
is having farrrrrr too much fun with his new lightersaber n e grown man should have ! And no , it is not a code word for penis , it is an actual $120 FX Lightsaber , lol . 
loves snoooooooooooooooooooooooowwwwww ! ( Mostly cuz he doesnt have to drive n e where in it , lol ) 
is now really really really bored , lol . Hit me up ! 
is being forced to pick between Team < PROPFIRST > and Team < PROPMALE > ... He doesnt even like Twilight . Thus the termoil in picking a side , lol . 
fucked up .... royally ... 
really really really has to do his film journals .... distractions are more then welcome as always ! :) 
4 journals down .... 4 to go ! 
hopes his journals are exactly what they're supposed to be ... lol 
is all done with the journals .... thank the good lord ! 
can't believe this semester will be over Weds ... still isnt here soon enough lol 
is done with classes ! .... until < PROPFIRST > , lol . 
wants everyone to check out his new pics and see what a dork he is ! lol 
is sooooo happy it's Friday !!! Nice pre-Christmas weekend .... This boy could use some Stoli !!!!!! 
really hates the snow ..... normally loves it ..... but this weekend really really hates it !!!! And is it really still snowing ? REALLY ?! 
is only workin 3 days this week ! 
has work tomorrow 11 am-11 pm ... That's right , 12 full hrs of FedEx .... Lord have mercy ! 
has only one day left for work this week ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a great time with family , friends , and all that ya'll love ! 
is starting his Tru Blood Season 1 weekend as of .... now ! lol < PROPFEMALE > Christmas all ! 
had an interesting Christmas ... is in Brooklyn for the day then .... other plan ? lol Hit me up , you got my number ! Unless you dont .... then ... um ... well you know what I am saying ! 
has work today ... ew ... then Mon-Thurs ... New Years should be a blast this year me thinks ! 
is off New Years < PROPFEMALE > ALL DAY ! WOOHOO ! 
' s last day of the year @ FedEx is tonight ! Let's see how it rolls ! lol 
wants everyone to have a safe and very very very Happy New Year ! 
New year . New possibilities ! 
has work today , jurty duty and work tomorrow , then work or jury duty the rest of the week ......... EW ! 
loved spending 8 hrs in a room for really no reason at all ! Thankx Middlesex County Courthouse for a waste of my day !!!! 
had a really really really shitty day ......... 
watchin season 2 of < PROPMALE > then off to work .... 
said what he had to say ... and feels much better now ! 
feels like sometimes men are more womanly than women .... 
work then off to < PROPFEMALE>'s party thingy ! 
proved to himself tonight that he can still have a great time at a party without drinking what so ever ! 
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS ! 
can't wait for \Chuck\ " to start tonight !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) " 
has work , work , then more work ! Yay to being an adult ! 
changed his voicemail to something FUN ! :) 
is hoping things work out ..... well I have work to keep my mind off of it ! Plenty of annoying things happen at FedEx to keep my attention diverted ! lol 
gave him a < PROPMALE > to work things out and he blew it . Oh well ... Life goes on and I deserve much better n e way ! 
cant wait for RHPS tomorrow night ! SWITCH NIGHT ! Come one , come all ... just not your usual gender ! ;) 
is a vampire according to the findings of < PROPMALE > Seesselberg . Now THAT explains my insomnia ! 
waiting for the game to start . Who do ya'll think is gonna win ? 
can't believe classes begin tomorrow .... OH MAN ! At least it is only 4 months ! 
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS !!!!! 
what in my mind beats against you ? 
is on his way to becoming a WALPH ! ( Work Area Lead Package Handler ) 
Ventilation system ! 
J-E-T-S JETS ! JETS ! JETS ! 
FUCK YOU , < PROPFIRST > Sanchez ! 
is shamefully addicted to the song \bad romance \"....." 
goddamn it USC , ANSWER YOUR FREAKIN PHONES !!!!!! How do you expect me to complete every little freakin thing you want me to if you wont return my e-mails or freakin answer your phones !!!!! GGGGGGRRRRRRR ! 
ok USC , thank you for answering . Next time though try not to take your bad day out on me when I had 3 questions as opposed to the 43 questions per other callers . 
just terrible ! Unnnnnnbearable ! God awful !!!!! :: dry heaves :: LOL Gotta love my work buddies ! 
thinks it's really funny how no matter how many years after you graduate HS ... the drama still follows you ... 
I want your horror . I want your design . Cuz you're a criminal as long as your mine . I want your love . Love-love-love . I want your LOVE ! ( Cuz I'm a freak bitch , baby ! ) 
i just hate how much I still love you ..... 
Doppelgänger Week : \ During the week please change your profile picture to someone famous who you have been told you look like . Then post this to your profile ! \"" 
did his taxes ! Can't wait to get my super serial refund ! 
knows when he is being played ... though he may act naive he is FAR from it ! I'm watching ! 
OMFG ! Yet another freakin change FaceBook ?!?!?!!? GIVE UP !!!! 
is AFC all the way !!! 
work all week ... ew 
snow day ! errrr kinda .... still have to go into work later ! 
has a nice long day tomorrow .... YAY ! 
got his refund today thankx to E-filing !!!!! $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ 
Same shit , different day ! 
will not be attending USC ... at least not this fall .... 
is gonna flip the fuck out if he gets one more goddamn request for Farmville or Mafia Wars ! 
just saw The Wolfman with < PROPFIRST > Burnett and < PROPFEMALE > Abela . Not as good as everyone said it was , but still good ! 
is having a lot of fun playing left for dead ... but now the weekend is over and it is back to work ! :( 
really really needs to get his freakin glasses already ! 
FUCK FEDEX !!!! No promotion is worth this shit ! 
' s class is cancelled ! Time to sleep on in ! :) 
to hell and back then ... well .... where the hell else am I Friday Nites ? :) 
did is Financial Aid ! Let's see what the gov't just might give him for school ! 
is Mr. \sex a la carte . \ " You all know this .... so why continuously act so surprised when he hooks up and loses interest after the first ( and mostly only ) time ... honestly ! " 
so it would seem no one got the message the first time about the constant requests for Farm/Petville and/or Mafia Wars .... If you dont like being friends with me on facebook .... go right ahead and send me another request ! 
wants jello ... for no reason at all ... just ... wants ... jello .... 
is having a really really good day so far ! :) 
is off to wonderful world of FedEx (a.k.a hell) !!! Another day , another few cents ... 
is 20 hrs cig free ! 
is 35 hrs smoke free !!!!!! 
just has a little over a day before the nicotine is out of his system ! Soooooooooo close .... 
wishes people would stop burning food EVERY MORNING so he doesnt have to wake up 2-3 hrs before he has to and want to throw up ! LEARN HOW TO MAKE TOAST OR STAY AWAY FROM THE TOASTER !!!!!!!!!! 
thank you < PROPFEMALE > for stressing me out SSSSSOOOOOO much tonight that after 3 whole days of being cig free it was the only thing that kept me from doing something really REALLY stupid ! Yes that's right folks . I'm a smoker again ! 
The Pacific ! TONIGHT , 9pm HBO ! Gonna be epic ! Can't freakin wait !!!!! 
is wondering why life cant be like the Sims 2 ? Don't like your current job , read the paper and get another just like that ! ......... Oh dear God , I just compaired life to the Sims ... damn i need a new job ! 
Lady Gaga .... why are you trying to make my brain bleed out when i try to make sense of your \Telephone\ " video .... is there a Dr. in the house ? " 
is not happy he has to go to work on such a beautiful day !!!!!! GGGRRRRR 
HAPPY ST . PATRICK'S DAY !!!!!!!!!! 
is watching \The Dark Knight\ " and then enjoying this wonderful day ! " 
thinks everyone should check out the vid he just posted !!! :) 
is recovering from last night the best he can ! God I love those girls ! :) 
is hoping to be in a much better mood tomorrow ... :/ 
new day .... new start ! :) 
found some ! Found some something . EVIDENCE ! He found some evidence ! He is going to analyze it ... with Sci Ence !!!! 
just doesn't unuderstand why guys dont flush the goddamn urinal when they finish peeing ! It takes a second .... C'MON!!!!!! 
is debating if he should post a vid on how he hates Obama's health care reform .... 
Got his first tatoo tonight !!!! :) 
has to work all week ... booooo 
I should've left my phone at come cuz this is a disaster ! Callin ' like a collector ... Sorry I cannot answer ! 
is love struck ..... eeeewwww ! 
is sooooooooo no longer love struck ! ASSHOLE ! 
hopes the Yankees kick some Boston ass !!!!! Let's go Yankees !!!! 
Happy Zombi-Jesus Day !!! And LET'S GO YANKKEES ! 
hopes this week is far better then last week ! 
really hopes the Yankees kick some Boston ass tonight and make it 2-1 ! 
It's not that I don't care ( I do ! ) . I just don't see myself in you ... Another time , another scene , I'd be right behind ya ( If ya know what I mean ;) !!! ) 
they say that I have the best ass , below 14th street ... is it true ? ( you're staring again ) XD 
starts his first week as a WALPH tomorrow ... Let's see how long he lasts ! 
is already sick to death of this WALPH shit . I'm goin back to a reg PH by the end of the week ! A dollar more is SSSSOOOO not worth this shit ! 
loves the book \Dead After Dark !!!! \ " ... aka the book version of season one of \ " True Blood\ " :) " 
is going to Yankee Stadium tomorrow to fix this ticket crap ... any one want to take a trip to the Bronx with me tomorrow .....? 
had a great day goin into NYC and gettin Yankee tix with Ren Filthrag Pomrinkand < PROPFIRST > Burnett ! Probly coulda spent more time in the city if a certain someone ( we'll call him < PROPFIRST > ) got up in time ! :) 
another week at FedEx ! God I fucking hate that place sooo much ! 
is there anything else , anything at all , that you would like to overreact to ? 
if you want to be friends with < PROPFIRST > Mazzello from \The Pacific\ " he has asked that you add him < PROPFIRST > Mazzello on this link ! " 
really wishes , just for the hell of it , \The Poop that Took a Pee\ " was a real book so he could read it ! lol " 
Happy 21rst Birthday < PROPFEMALE > Higgins ! Fun in the city tonight with the gang ! 
is wondering if anyone at his job would notice if he hired a Mexican to work for him ... 
has just learned that office staples are not a very good ( or comfortable ) substitute for needle and thread when fixing shorts , lol . 
GO YANKEES ! 12-0 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dear FedEx , BLOW ME ! Love < PROPFIRST > 
finally finished \Dead Until DarK\ " !!! Now it's \ " Living Dead in Dallas\ " :) " 
IT'S MOTHER F*CKIN FRIDAY !!!! Work ( unfort ) then off to PARTY ! 
had a great night last night !!!! 
where does my weekend go ? 
is sick to death of people mistaking his niceness as a weakness . 
Au revior , FedEx ! I would like to say that this has been a fun and meaningful experience ... but quite frankly you suck ass and I hope your business goes bankrupt and the hub burns to the \ground\ " ( get it ? ) . On Friday I will so not be looking back ! " 
is serious wondering if leaving FedEx is the right thing to do .... 
is getting all his packing done for Disney World !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yeah .... Seatle sounds nice ... 
only 2 more days !!! 
One day more ! 
is gettin ready for DISNEY !!!!! 
is stuck in the airport in < PROPMALE > for another 2 fucking hours !!! UGH ! At least I have internet for a change ! :) 
is home :) 
it sucks that I love you as much as I do and you feel nothing but an ounce of friendship for me . I will miss you , none-the-less . 
What would I give to live where you are . What would I pay to stay here beside you ? What would I do to see you smiling at me ? 
There's always some mother fucker trying to ice skate up hill .... 
at least outloud I wont say I'm in love ... 
I'm nothing without ... 
My twisted soul is in agony ... I am haunted by the affection you should've never have given me . If only you knew ... 
True Blood : Season 2 in my hands ! This should keep me occupied for at least a day or two :) 
wonders how FedEx is doing without him .... 
has one week left in good old NJ . If you plan on seeing me ... now is the time ! :) 
oh , I wish I could live in Bon Temps ! 
and I wonder if I ever cross your mind .... For me it happens all the time ! 
You wanna play ball ? We'll play ... 
only 110 pages left ! Then it's on to \Dead to the World \"" 
Yankees Vs . Astros ! Finally goin to the new stadium ! YES !!!! 
had the best fucking day he has had in such a really long time ! Let's go Yankees ! And here is to good friends ! :) 
You can't bullshit a bullshitter ... so y even bother tryin ? 
wants to go to the beach ! ( no homo ) 
it's hard to deal with everybody else's problems when I have enough of my own to deal with . I'm hangin ' up my cape at last ! This hero is retired ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , I am in no mood for Lesbian weirdness tonight ! 
I cant just keeping watching the door and expecting him to come in and say \Sookie . \"" 
Bullshit ! god does have horns ! 
I just dont even know how to feel about you anymore .... 
Life is one big show . So learn your part and give it all you've got ! 
is chillin with < PROPFIRST > Barnick .... no homo of course lol . 
What a crazy day ! 
I guess I will never understand why people with great bods thinks that it excuses thier messed up face .... um personality , thats what I wanted to say .... right ... 
you can't be disappointed if you dont have expectations . 
so you think : might as well dance a tango to hell . At least I'll have tangoed at all ! 
I'm like a dog chasing cars ; I wouldn't know what to do with one if I caught it ! 
I hate allergies ! I must be allergic to unemployment ! I really needs to fix that ! 
wake tonight , funeral tomorrow . R.I.P. ! 
Why does it always take a funeral for someone to realize we never know what we have until it is gone and never coming back ? We really do have to take life seriously and live every moment ! 
I'm so out of my mind these days I feel like I belong in Arkham Asylum ! N e one want to b my rommie ? 
is defeated ! 
really , I am not the guy to mess with these days ! 
If n e one is free this sat and wants to go to a Yankee game let me know ASAP ! 
It's a sad feeling when you have more friends on facebook then you do money in your bank account . lol 
YAY ! My laptop is virus free again ! woot ! 
I can be your best friend or worst enemy ! Guess what you are now , pal ! Thankx for the leverage ! 
doesnt know which headshot to use tomorrow .... ugh ! N e one have a pref ? 
is stoked for tomorrow !!!!!!!! Gonna be a fun trip with < PROPFIRST > Singalewitch , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Vicidomini , and < PROPFIRST > Barnick !!! 
what an unproductive day ! 
is 31 hrs cig free ! ( here we go again ) 
53 hrs cig free . Tomorrow is hump day .... I hope I make it till then ! 
Over 3 days cig free ! Nice not wanting to NEED one . Kicking the oral fixation is a bitch all in itself ! lol 
Dont get mad at me for not being around . Be mad at yourself for pushing me away .... 
I may be a \fucking asshole\ " but at least I don't pretend I'm not . " 
for the next 24 hours you can ask me one question ( in my inbox ) that I will answer in complete honesty . I dare you to put this as your status nd see what you get . 
Hit me up if anybody wants to do anything tomorrow ! 
Watching Batman Begins , The Dark Knight , then Grey's Anatomy .... If anyone wants to join or has better ideas before 8 pm let me know ... cuz after 8 it's time for FNS !!!! 
sleep sounds good right about now .... 
shit happens when you party naked .... 
How many personal freedomes are we really going to give up in teh name of security ? Seriously ? 
I wanna do bad things with you .. ;) 
It sucks when you're stuck between the right thing to do and the harmful thing to do :/ 
Aw how cute .... you think i'm playing games . The game is about to get real intense when a cop hands you a summons for court on Friday assholes ! and no , I dont fucking care anymore . 
Workin tonight , tomorrow , and Friday morning . Hit me up for Sat fun ! 
Just so you 3 know , I was being very serious . What happens next , you did to yourselves ... 
You did this to yourselves ! Don't bitch to me anymore , I no logner directly deal you assholes . 
today feels like a great day to be in the city ... too bad I have work .... and no money ( yet ) . lol 
thought he had work today , good thing he called first about something dumb . So ... who is free to do something today ? :) 
wants a cookie .... but what kind ? Damn these numerous options ! 
I'm curious as to who else knows this .... The biggest man hunt in history was chasing _________ ? 
First thing is first .... Where's my camera ! XD 
< PROPFEMALE > Thibault's life is in her sinus cavity . The world should know NOTHING can possibly get worse for her .... tho I do believe getting AIDS would suck jjjjuuussssttttt a bit more ! lol 
I can't decide if I am happy to be going back to classes or annoyed that I am gonna have more shit to deal with .... hmmmmmmm 
I dunno who you thank you are but before the night is through .... I wanna do bad things with you ! 
The US Gov't ( according to caller ID ) called my house for me while i was out ..... huh ? 
will not be splitting his attention 3 ways as of this school year . Something has to give . Unnecessary drama and flat out bull shit shall be ( and should've been ) dropped . 
that chick was all 6's and 7's!!!!!!! 
had a very strange dream that several people , including < PROPFIRST > Assad , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Milliron , and who I understood to be < PROPFIRST > Ferguson , were throwing bibles at him because he wouldn't bake a cake got his HS reunion . LOL ..... What goes through my mind while I sleep ? :) 
YAY HIGHER EDUCATION ! First day of class and I ALREADY have a 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper due in 2 weeks ! ( The day after my b-day ! ) GGGRRRRR ! 
RHPS TONIGHT ! Then going to wedding of the bestesd awesomest cousinKate Pagano with the lovely < PROPFEMALE > Stanislawczyk as my date , then off to work .... Gonna be a fun filled 29 hours ! :) 
Porkchop Sandwhiches ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Body Massage ! 
is a fang banger ! What you gonna do about it ? 
Wow .... It's been 9 years since 9/11 and it still feels like it just happend . :( 
Hey , kid ! I'm a computer !!!! 
always when I get around to writing my long ass papers does everyone in the universe need to bug me every 5 seconds for something that serious can wait .... SERIOUSLY ! 
Silicon , saline , poison inject me , baby . I'm a free bitch ! 
is 24 years old .... wow 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! Tonight is Aziz Ansari with < PROPFIRST > Higgins ! Only 2 more days till fun time Sat !!!! 
CITY TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE send me a text sometime today if your def coming so i can give you all the details . 
going to the city ! WOO HOO !!!! Gonna be an amazing night with amazing friends ! :) 
regardless of my night/morning last night/today , I still plan on partying in NYC again . Too bad those cock suckers have now made my pitty towards the homeless turn into disgust . I really hope i cross paths with them again cuz they really wont know what hit them ( since i didnt know what HIT ME ! ) . 
you will never fall apart , < PROPFEMALE > . You're still in our hearts . Never let you fall apart . Together we'll dance in the dark . 
has the option of studying History in Ireland , Spain , and Italy , Photography in Austria , Film in England and < PROPFEMALE > , and English in New Zealand for the spring FOR FREE and cant decide what to do !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is too shifty for some people . My bad , I thought that my intentions were always out in the open ( you get what you see ) . ...... Guess not ! 
It's like my life was wrong , and now it seems at last I'm in my own skin . 
Work your blonde , ( < PROPFIRST > ) Benet Ramsey , we’ll haunt like liberace . Find your freedom in the music . Find your Jesus . Find your Kubrick . 
Nice job A-ROD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 2 run homerun !!!!! 
an anti-climatic win .... but a win none-the-less ! LETS GO YANKEES !!!! 
yep .... It's gonna one of those weeks . All work/School and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a really irritable boy . Lord help me ! :) 
Last night was def one of the not-so-better nights . lol Here's a better night tonight ! 
has made up his mind and will be studying Celtic Civilization in Ireland this spring !!!! :) 
\No girl wants to marry a doctor if he can't tell if a man is dead or not . \"" 
Sometimes .... I'm too < PROPFEMALE > for my own damn good ! :) 
Why does it feel like drama seeks me out and pulls me in the middle of issues I really don't need right now ? 
sometimes I ask myself the tough questions no one else will ask me . 
So done ! Just .... so damn done . How are you older then me and I am more of a man then you will ever hope to become ? Seriously ?! 
is workin a double today !!!! Ugh ..... COME VISIT ME !!!!!!!!! 
He had it comin'! He had it comin'! He only had himself to blame . If you'd've been there ; If you'd've heard it ; I bet ya you would have done the same ! 
it's fun when you forget to print out a paper due that day ! lol Thank the lord for E-mail !!!!!!!! 
Cleaing , pumpkin carving , then cast meeting !!!! 
Like my status\ 
& I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at\ 
your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first\ 
memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Something I've always\ 
wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . A fresh ... new\ 
... weird nickname . 8 . A challenge to you to post this . See More 
I don't care about expensive things , cashmere coats , < PROPFEMALE > rings . Don't mean a thing . All I care about is love . ( That's what I'm here for ) 
Do you really want to live in a neighborhood where people piss on your stoop every night ? 
for those assholes who clearly know nothing about baseball .... You can blame Hughes all you want for how the game went , but dont forget that if none of your at bat players are hitting well , thus not making it to any bases to score any runs , YOU'RE STILL NOT GOING TO WIN THE GAME ! Please educate yourself before you open mouth . :) 
saw \Bride of Chucky\ " for the first time in ten years ! I forgot how corny it was .... lol " 
NO CLASS !!!! .... now up early with no < PROPMALE > of going back to sleep ..... 7 hrs before work so I guess it's time for me to get some sh*t done ! If n e one wants to join , hit me up !!! 
it's really difficult to do a \hit and quit it\ " with someone you work with .... just sayin ! lol " 
GO SF GIANTS ! Just 3 more games !!!! 
DAMN TEXAS ! lol How embarresed are you !?!?!?! GO SF GIANTS ! 2 more games !!!! 
So ...... my car is shot to hell and I have no way of getting to < PROPMALE > tonight . Anyone want to give me a ride , please ? :/ 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Remember : I'm homophobic !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SF GIANTS !!!!!!!! Congrats ! 
FUCK YOU KEAN UNIVERSITY ! FUCK YOU TO HELL !!! 
I'm a lawyer , I can feed your fish ! lol 
Do you have a gold fish ? Do you have any type of fish ? I'm < PROPMALE > Law . I'll feed ya fish ! 
I love how Facebook is reminding me of my wedding anniversary a week in advance .... guess it's meant for those guys that need the reminder to plan something special ! lol 
is till going to Ireland next semester !!!!!!!! XD 
it's funny when you find pictures of youself on some one else's albums that were there for over a year and no one ever told you about them ! lol 
by n e < PROPMALE > known to the lord does n e one have The sims 3 and if so the expansion packs ? I heard they have killer animation and recording styles that I want to use for a project . Thankx n e one !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
HP 7 = AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why doesnt < PROPFIRST > Sullivan have a fan < PROPFEMALE > ? GGGGRRRRR 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!! Feel free to stop by and visit me at work ..... I'll be there allllllll damn day ! lol 
NO JOSS ! NO < PROPFEMALE > MOVIE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! F*CK you < PROPMALE > Brothers ! It won't be the same ! 
Can you guys do me a fav and \like\ " < PROPFIRST > Sullivan Fans please ?!?! Thankx everyone ! " 
Do one thing everyday to make a positive difference in the word . Doesn't matter how small ... it all adds up 
Facebook changed ........................ AGAIN !? 
Um .... can someone explain this whole < PROPFIRST > thing to me please ? I dont get whats going on here ! lol 
I need someone to be a < PROPFEMALE > for like 15 mins !!!! For a project ! :) Hit me up !!!!! 
UGH !!!!!!! My photography class in Dublin was cancelled !!!! Oh well , can't win them all I suppose ...... At least I still have all the other fun ones ! :) 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Edwards :( 
Disturbing News : Spiderman fell 30ft !!! \ 
\ 
Even more disturbing news .... Spiderman is on Broadway ?! Why does no one tell me these things . 
It is better to say nothing and appear stupid then to open your mouth and remove all doubt . :P 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! 
is trying to figure out if his job is open this morning or not ..... 
MY CAR IS finally FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Only took me 7 1/2 hours but my room is 100% cleaned out of useless clothes and crap I really have no idea why I had . Only 2 weeks left till I leave ! :) 
HAPPY NEW YEARS < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I got my med insurance and financial guarantee forms for Ireland today ! I still can't believe I am really going !!!!! :) 
I'm never drinking again !!!!! ( Ok , even I know that isn't at all a true statement ) 
ONE WEEK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Is it seriously going to snow again ? SERIOUSLY ?! 
Peace out , < PROPFEMALE > Tuesday people ! 
Someday , someone is going to have to take a stand . Someday , someone will have to say ENOUGH ! 
If anyone wants to skype me while I am away please add CaptMontogmery :) 
One day more !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Bye bye , USA ! :) 
Chillin in the airport shaking like an abused child ! God , I am so nervous ! Only 2 hours ' till my flight and then 7 1/2 hours ' till I am in Dublin ! :) 
Safe ad sound in Dublin ! ( I have 2 French roommates ..... kill me now ! ) 
So picture this ..... your bathroom is < PROPFEMALE > as all hell and the shower floor IS the floor ...... and it doesnt drain so the floor floods all into the hall way .... WOW ! lol 
Day 3 and have no idea what to do ...... 
I have mass amounts of screaming < PROPFEMALE > children outside of my window ...... 10 A.M.s will never be slept in ! lol 
So I was a little to drunk to remember to post this last night lol\ 
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS !!!! \ 
Go to the right bar .... they play the games ! :) 
SOMEBODY SKYPE ME !!!!!!! I NEED A FAMILIAR FACE !!!! hahahaha 
Off to class ..... :) 
Debating if I should go to D2 tonight or not ..... kinda tired ... 
Too drunk to care !!!! :) 
The < PROPMALE > over feeling is still the same no matter what country your in ... 
Tonight , < PROPFIRST > Rockets and Bar searching with < PROPFIRST > Brown then after ... well who ever really knows half the time ? haha 
Skype , anyone ? :) 
Is getting pumped to go to Cork this weekend ! :) 
I dont have a can opener .... I am very displeased ! Anyone have any ideas ? 
In Cork for the weekend ! :) 
Home from cork ! 
Photos from this fantastic weekend are up !!! :) 
VAMPIRATES !!! 
Thank , God , this moment's not the last ! :) 
Think of me . Think of me fondly when we've said good bye . Remember me once in a while . Please promise me you'll try . When find that once again you long to take your heart back and be free . If you ever find a moment , stop and think of me ! \ 
There will never be a day when I wont think of you ! 
Fun day with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Kaiser !!!! 
In the evening I've got to ROAM ! \ 
So let's find a bar so dark we forget who we are . Where all the scars from the \nevers\ " and \ " maybes\ " die ! " 
So I found out in Ireland my name is spelled \Arek . \ " I may have to look into such an awesome new spelling ! :) " 
Cuz I might be bad , but I'm perfectly good at it . There's sex in the air , I don't care , I love the smell of it . Sticks and stones may break my bones , but chains and whips excite me ! 
I wish I could remember exactly what happened last night ............. 
Knights of < PROPFIRST > tonight !!!!!!!!!! :) 
In Belfast for the weekend ..... Am I ever going to spend a weekend in Dublin ? 
If you can't take me for who I am then why are you wasting our time ? 
Back in Dublin ! :) 
Class alllllll day then probly off to the < PROPFIRST > as usual ! 
Ready for what tomorrow brings ! LOVE me my < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!!! 
It really makes me feel loved to know I missed by so many people ! :) I LOVE YOU GUYS SO MUCH ! 
I wonder how many texts are going to blow up my ( American ) phone when I get home ! hahaha 4 months of being off is bound to have some type of special reaction ! 
DINNER TIME ! 
In other words : I . LOVE . You ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :) 
My body feels like it has been through hell and back ! God , I love paintballing ! :) 
How many drunk people do you know can walk their ass from one side of a city to another and get home perfectly safe ? :P lol 
Facebook .... you are failing on notifications ! I just had to stalk all on my own ! :( \ 
lol 
Random Question : Why does the Friend's count number bounce around ? haha 
Bye-bye jacket ! It was a fun road but now you have a new journey with some new person . 
I need to have far more nights like that with < PROPFEMALE > Liefschultz and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > again ! LOVE YOU GUYS ! :) 
The key to my heart is alcohol :) 
If your \in the closet\ " from certain family members never say that your jacket was lost/stolen at a gay club cuz the next question is going to be\ " ....... Why were you at a gay club ? \ " lol\ 
I AM ( finally ) OFFICIALLY GOING TO GREECE AND ROME FOR SPRING BREAK ! :) 
PLEASE - put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost . - MLIA 
I think it is so damn interesting that how no matter where you go in the world you are always going to be surrounded by certain types of people you left behind in the first place . 
I am so Passive Aggressive it kills me sometimes , lol . 
I love this record , baby , but I cant see straight any more ...... 
I find it so funny how all the people on my facebook that live in Ireland claimed to vote ...... yet only one them actually can cuz he is actually an < PROPFEMALE > citizen ! lol 
My eyes are about to fall out from looking at all these goddamn powerpoints ! lol I cannot wait for these midterms to be finished ! :) 
Night out on the town ! I'll be at the < PROPFIRST > if you needs me ! :) 
MIDTERMS !!!!!!!!!! GGGGGRRRRRR 
I'm on the right track , baby . I was born this way ! 
I love letting life take me places . There is no way I would've ended up where I am and who I know without a little trick of fate ! 
Today : Newgrange Tomorrow : Pack and tie up lose ends ( the < PROPFIRST > ) Sun : OMW to Athens , Greece with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Brown ! Gotta love life sometimes ! 
1 more day and I am off to Greece ! I am at last going ! :) 
Off to the < PROPFIRST > for a drink or two then off to bed so i can be as least cranky as possible for my flight to Greece . 
Off to Greece ! C ya guys upon my return ! Leave me some love while I am gone ! 
Back in Dublin !!! 
Anyone want to go to London with me March 31 to April 3 ? 
Scotland in a couple of weeks with < PROPFEMALE > Carlson < PROPFIRST > Sloma and < PROPFEMALE > Bankert !!!! Gonna be a fun time ! 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day in Ireland ...... Need I say more ? :) 
The day after St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ..... my head hurts sooooooooooooooo much . 
Would you light my candle ? 
So I have no hot water in my flat and no one is around to fix it ! Does anyone mind letting me come to their flat for a quick shower ? lol 
I may not have very high standards .... but I still got ' em ! :) 
Give me one firm place in which to stand and I shall move the world . 
So ..... If I decided to stay in Ireland I wonder if the bank would come after me here to pay back my loans ....... I do so wonder ! 
Time for a change ! 1 : Quit smoking 2 : new hair color 3 : Limit my visits to the < PROPFIRST > to < PROPMALE > 2 times a week ! :) 
We're < PROPMALE > from the shore ! And guess what , I DON'T CARE ! 
Gay Night with < PROPFIRST > Sloma at the < PROPFIRST > ! ..... Gonne be intersting ! 
