Just finished Breaking < PROPFEMALE > !!! I love being able to read whatever the hell I want now that school is done ! 

Wow ! Time goes by so fast when all you do is work ! 
I hate being sick ! I wish there was a magic pill to make me better ! 
puppies are therapeutic ... 
needs some retail therapy ... ice cream therapy would work too ! 
Last night my dog ate < PROPFEMALE > litter and it clumped up and got stuck to the roof of his mouth ! We had to scrape it out with an old toothbrush . Puppies get into everything ... 
is going to lunch with Grandma ! 
is sore from walking ... 
went for a long , muddy walk with the dogs today . Why are muddy dogs so cute and frisky ? 
Mmmm ... waffles ! 
It's official : My puppy is the cutest dog ever !! 
Who wants to train for a half marathon with me ? 
has to work tonight ! Hope we're busy !! 
My mom is the \Martha\ " and I'm the \ " Mary . \ " I guess Jesus likes me better . " 
is feeling super full from eating a < PROPFEMALE>'s Hot Fudge Sundae from Leatherby's ( with mom's help ... ) 
My puppy is such a sleepyhead ! I woke up and started petting him and he made a grumpy little noise and went back to sleep . Is that normal ? 
Hey Friends ! Just to let you know , some psycho has been logging on to my facebook account and changing the privacy settings and posting messages on my friend's stuff . So , if you got a weird message , it probably wasn't from me ... 
Time for Bed !! 
was housesitting for Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and got locked out at 7:30 am . No shoes . Had to ask the neighbor to use a phone . So embarrassing !! Hope the rest of the day isn't as lame ... 
Went for a run this morning ... going to be SORE tomorrow !! 
Yep , its official : I'm sore . 
My dog is officially the cutest dog EVER and here's why : I just caught him jumping on the bed . What a goofball !! 
From urbandictionary.com: 1 . The sexiest girl in the world and other various simmilar definitions ... HECK YES !! 
Yay football !! Boo Work !! 
Going to work tonight . ALL night ... 
Dog food is EXPENSIVE !! ( He's worth every < PROPFEMALE > though ... ) 
WOW ! What a crazy weekend at work ! I am soooo happy to have a couple of days off !! 
Time for me and < PROPFIRST > to workout !! 
is off tomorrow and wants to do something fun !!! 
is taking care of all her dogs this weekend ... and getting an abundance of puppy kisses since there is no one else around ! 
My puppy is so cute !! I went for a run earlier and when I got out of the shower , I caught him sleeping with his nose in my stinky running shoe . So precious and gross ! 
Yay ! First day of the new job ! It sucks to get up early like the rest of the world !! 
Watching Streetfighter Anime with my bro . Does this mean I really have no life ? 
Just got my hair done ! I love Salah ! 
And the quote of the day ... \Don't bite mama ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Dolan " 
YAY ! I got to sleep in until 8:30 ! Happy face ! 
went apartment shopping today !! Found a cute studio in Citrus Heights ... 
is having a good day ! Work is over , < PROPFIRST > is being adorable and I'm going to bed early . What more could I ask for ? 
< PROPFIRST > grew out of his baby collar ! He's getting so big ... :( I wish he could stay little forever . 
I love my dog !!!!!!!!! 
Moving Day !! 
Wow ! I really slept the day away !! My new place is so quiet , I thought it was still early in the morning ! 
ROOOAAAARRRR !!!! 
Work is SO SUPER BORING !!! I need to buy something ! 
Only one hour and 15 < PROPFEMALE > until I'm FREEEEEEE !!!!! ( Until tomorrow at 8am ... ) 
One more hour ... 
forty-five minutes ... 
This is going to be the longest half-hour ever ... 
15 < PROPFEMALE > left until freedom ! 
FREEDOM AT LAST ! 
Time for me and Sir < PROPFIRST > to go home to our very own place ! 
Almost off !! Today went by way way way faster than yesterday . I think I spent more time zoning out . 
found out that the reason there was no traffic on the way to work this morning : Caesar Chavez . So , now Caesar Chavez has actually done something for ME . Thank you . No Traffic is worth celebrating !! 
Worked out . Feel Great . Going to sleep very , very well tonight . Ahhhhhh ... 
I just ate a piece of chocolate and it instantly made me feel better about life . 
is waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to accept her friend request ... and waiting ... and waiting ... 
you know you're getting back into shape when you start looking forward to your workouts instead of dreading them ... 
loves bacon !! and cinnamon rolls !!! Thanks mom ! 
I can't wait until < PROPFIRST > is able to play fetch again ! Its the only way I can give him enough exercise and he is driving me INSANE ! 
I like it leaning up against the wall next to the bed . 
My weekend is officially over . Time to go back to work ... 
I think I may have ruined my baking stone !! So sad ! 
I should be sleeping right now ! 
Yay for carbs !! 
< PROPFIRST > is super hyper today ! We have already gone for a jog and played fetch a bunch of times . He is still ready to play ! 
Goodnight World ! 
Boo ! I have to work tonight !! 
needs a vacation ! Ice cream will just have to do for now ... 
I need to get motivated !!! HELP ! 
< PROPFIRST > is so smart ! Everyday before I give him his dental treat , I make him do a sequence of 4 tricks . Today when I got out the treat , all I had to do was hold it up , and he did all of the tricks without me even asking ! It doesn't get much cuter than that !! 
I love the heat !! Summer is awesome ! 
I'm so sore !!! 
1 Can of Diet 7-up + 1/3c 100% Grapefruit Juice = AMAZING 
Lounging at home ... 
Closing on second Saturday ... Boo ! I hate drunk frat boys ... 
Grumpy Sunday ! Need more sleeeep ... 
Thank you to God for Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Ice Cream . Thank you to Gabe for serving me some ... 
Time for a little run with the pup ! 
Watching < PROPFIRST > \help\ " Gabe make the bed ... Adorable !! " 
Somebody at the park today told me that I have a very well-trained dog . We fooled them ! Mwahahaha ! 
Well ... I hope everyone has a great 3-day weekend . I have 2 more days a Centro and then everyday will be a weekend ! =) 
Happy Labor Day Everyone !! Get CRAZY !! 
I need to stop procrastinating on facebook and do work !! 
The best burrito ever is in my belly ! No , < PROPFIRST > , it's not a cochinita burrito ... Homemade carne asada with sour cream , refried beans , cheese and tomatoes . Mmmm ... 
YAY ! Me and < PROPFIRST > just got back from our run with \Gramie\ " and \ " the bigs ! \ " So much fun to watch them play together ! " 
Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for making scissors that open stubborn jars ! Thank you to mom for buying them for me ! I will never again have to ask Gabe to open a jar for me ( unless I want to ! ) . 
Yay ! Shopping on Sunday afternoon ... not working ! 
I want to read a good book . Any suggestions ? 
Coffee !!! 
Off to my death ........... valley 
We are back !! Alive ! 
Fighting the urge to snooze just one more time ... 
Today is my puppy's birthday ! Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Happy Thursday Everyone ! 
Boo ! Busy day today ! Why can't I be 16 again ? I hate being ( sort of ) responsible !!! 
When will my life slow down ? Free time I miss you ! 
On week 3 of P90X ! I can't believe that I am already this far !!! Feeling GREAT ! 
Mmmm ! Coffee time !! I can't wait to feel that zing of energy after the first sip ... 
wants a cute pair of cowboy boots ... 
I don't have to leave for an hour and a half and everything is done ! Yay for free time !! 
Meeting < PROPFEMALE > for Happy Hour ! Yay ! 
is ready for the Holidays ! I miss pumpkin pie and baking cookies and the warm feeling that seeing red and green together makes me feel ... and wrapping presents !! I feel like < PROPMALE > the Elf right now ... 
is celebrating the day that ended her reign as an only child ! 
Another week went by so fast ! Crazy ! 
I'm ready for tomorrow to be here ! 
I need a recommendation for a good side sleeper pillow . I keep seeing them everywhere and they look like they will < PROPFIRST > my neck up even more , but at this point I'm pretty much ready to try ANYTHING !!! 
Are crock pots supposed to smell funny when you're using them ? 
Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes ! It was a great day ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . * Join the Fight Against Child Abuse * , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same 
Mmmm ... Cab , you are my best friend tonight ! 
Boo ! I have to show up for jury duty at 8am tomorrow morning ! At least my kindle came in the mail today ... 
i am checking facebook from my new kindle right now ! 
Why am I always so hungry ? 
I can not wait to move ! Neighbors behind us are having a domestic dispute ( probably drug-induced ) , neighbors next to us are banging on the wall to get the other neighbors to shut up ... WOW ! 
Celebrating mommy's birthday tonight with a glorious feast ! 
