has to go to the doctor in richmond at 8:30 tomorrow morning ..... 

* urk ! * 
doesnt know if hes coming or going 
is leaving for new york friday evening or saturday morning , one of the two . 
will see everybody in three weeks . 
is back from new york , but sorta wishes he wasnt 
is filled with a myriad of feelings 
yarrr 
is stoked for FreakersBall tomorrow 
Let's fuck the world and all it's trend , they say it's all about to end 
is feelig very confused ... but hows that any diferent than usual ? 
is trying to adjust to his new glasses 
the body is present , but the mind is here and unpleasant about it 
Life , < PROPFEMALE > , and the Pursuit of Wierdness !! 
I play Russian-roullette everyday , a man's sport , with a bullet called \Life \"." 
-VIOLENTLY EXPLODES- 
Just finished eating at Strouds , and it was AWESOME ! 
Got ambushed by his family yesterday 
got a new toy the other day , and he enjoys it very much 
Went to see Avatar last night , an it kicked ass ! 
Shoveled a helluva lot of snow the past couple days 
Fears that more shoveling lies in his immediate future . 
Early Happy New-year ! 
is really bored ... 
is bored , bored , bored ! 
is on for a change , not that he really has much to say . 
In the end , we're all just chalk lines on the sidewalk , drawn only to be washed away . 
Just found out that the guy < PROPFEMALE > Banning waswith shot her and her parents tonight . 
wishes he could get over this damn head cold ... 
Got to see Brit and < PROPFIRST > today , which was pretty cool , I missed those guys . 
I love it when it rains . Everything smells so much better afterwards . 
Needs more sparklers and electrical tape ... 
I'm going to see Rush in concert tonight ! 
Just got back from the concert , and it was the best rock concert I've ever been to . 
Had an awesome weekend 
May be buying a threewheeler sometime soon 
Went to see Predators last night . it didn't disapoint me , but it didn't wow me either ... 
Fuck snakehead fish . 
I promise it'll get easier . Soon , you'll be able to lie and feel nothing at all . 
I've been told , by more than one person , that perhaps I should start drinking . 
Why does it always have to be such a pain in the ass to fix a car ? 
I must have made quite the impression on my friends back in Okie , cuz they all seem to remember me quite well after 6 years . 
My car is nearly complete !!! 
Got a shi t-t on of tomatoes from < PROPFEMALE > today . 
I need a drink . 
Sometimes , I want to slap the shit out of the customers . 
in a shitty mood for no discernible reason . 
I REALLY hate how ignorant so many Americans are . 
3 year old gasoline + raw skin = severe pain . :( 
Really drunk people are hilarious . 
I am sick and tired of seeing girls post shit like this as a status - \There's always truth behind \ " just kidding\ " 
To despise ones own motivations is a vulgar thing . 
I think the guy running the drive-thru at BK last night was drunk ... 
< yawn > 
The marketing people for Xbox need a fucking brick to the head 
Had an awesome time at the gunshow . Did get a bit of a scare when some dumbass accidentally set a round off . 
Went to my friends wedding the other day , had a great time . 
Extreme boredom is kicking my ass . 
\I've got balls of steel ! \"" 
I hate working with high school kids . 
You're too serious , gonna make me delirious , you're too serious for me . 
Been watching Boardwalk Empire on HBO lately , and , I gotta say , it's pretty fucking awesome . 
I feel old . 
Adventure Time and Regular show are officially the least child-appropriate shows on CN before Adult Swim starts , and that's just awesome . 
Sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name ! 
Finally got my C&R license ! WOOT ! 
Agnry Finland for the win ! 
No , DRINK the bleach ! 
When is enough really enough ? 
My little brother kicked some douchebag's ass today . I'm so proud . 
wants shoot his fucking xbox 360 . 
< PROPFIRST > Baysplosions !!!!! 
sick as a dog the last two days .... it sucked balls 
My dachshund does not like that motorized pet nail trimmer thing at all . 
Whatever asshole is in charge of the Xbox website needs to get kicked in the fucking throat . 
Where there's a will , there's a way ... and a motive . 
Saw a couple of jack-asses who managed to get their car stuck on a concrete median today . Hilarious . :D 
For great justice !!! 
I am so sick of skinny bitches whining about needing to lose weight . You're five foot three , and you're only 113 pounds , you don't need to lose anymore goddamn weight . 
Gregori Rasputin is my fucking hero . 
Why is it that the man who is supposed to make my road smoother always seems to fuck it up worse ? 
And when the alcohol happened , I felt whole . 
Finally got the jeep up and running . 
Another day in this carnival of souls ... 
Holy shit , just found out System of a Down is going on tour this year ! 
< PROPMALE > K . < PROPMALE > was an amazing , insane man . 
Goddammit . 
Got to see most of a Whiskey Tango throw-down at the gas station today . That shit is priceless . 
