I am thinking that wishing you all a late HAPPY FATHERS DAY to all you dad's out there is better than not at all 

glad the mosquitos didn't < PROPFEMALE > us away in the Boundary Waters 
sleep 
less than 3 hours to VBS 
eating doritos , drinking coke and thinking this is a fine supper and great start to the week 
can tabasco give a puppy diareah ??? 
Hey all you who maybe in the bismarck area my sil just launched coupon site for bismarck/mandan here is her link Bismancoupons.com Launches- Printable Coupons For Bismarck/Mandan-Owned by < PROPFEMALE > 
pondering why my children are begging to start school sooner then we plan 
papa murphy 4.99 for a large pizza 
making pepperoni and beef broth 
serenity now 
yep it is monday 
yellow school bus ......... yes ..... maybe just maybe ........ 
Praising the Lord for little victories 
amazed at the appetite and eating habits of children , my 9yob is putting tabasco on his cheeze its eeewww 
roasted red pepper hummus 
For those of you planning on coming to adult chili night it is moved from our house to the ministry center . 
laundry -- 1 load dried , 2 washed and 7 more to go 
why it takes my kids an hour to eat even when it is snack time 
A package of sausages , a loaf of bread , a box of cheese its , a jar of apple sauce , left over chili , 2 cheese and meat sandwiches , 2 tacos with nutella , 3 # of potatoes , 2 # of meat , 1 # of beets and Mom I am still hungry 
I guess ants on a log should fill them . We will see if it works . 
Has a new nephew 
Let's see how many people on facebook aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior . We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > . If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status . 
we saw 4 ' fishhouses ' on buffalo lake today so the kids think we should drive across the lake ...... i don't think so 
kid 1 says can you yell at me as i get your sandwich ready kid 2 says ok kid 2 says can i make your sandwich and you can yell at me 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE 
a friend who is ill please pray for her THANKS 
Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered BABY LOSS . ??? The majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss is a taboo . ??? Break the silence . ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ babies gone too soon but never forgotten about !! May God give you strength and bless you with His love . 
Thinking 153 library books is some what excessive , however guessing that at least 75% will be read in the next week . 
we have reached a new level when your daughter paints pink highlights in her hair with finger nail polish 
in the cupboard 
Be yourself . Everyone else is already taken . < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
making homemade whole wheat tortillas 
is going blonde today 
ok so it isn ; t actually blonde but close enought for me , < PROPFEMALE > you did a great job 
Day 3 of getting outside to play .... 
hoping the stomach flu is done in our house 
so tired and the kitchen is still a reck 
Let me get this straight ... HEALTH-CARE PLAN written by a committee whose chairman says he doesn’t understand it passed by a Congress that hasn’t read it , but is exempted signed by a president who hasn’t read it , and who smokes with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn’t pay his taxes all overseen by a surg ... eon general who is obese and financed by a country that’s broke . What could possibly go wrong ? 
1/2 hour at the dr , some $$$ , 2 shots , a snippers and a special twisser = no more sliver under C left thumb nail . 
learned I could substitute 2 cups homemade pumpkin butter for 1 1/2 cups milk in my pancake recipe 
For those of you who know Riah and his aversion to stringy things including lettuce , He declared yesterday , I do too like lettuce . He proceeded to put it on his taco and ate the whole thing . WOW . Even better he took a handful at supper tonight and ate it . 
sneezing sneezing and more sneezing early bed night 
Hey thanks everyone for the birthday wishes .... today was just like any other day which it just what I like ..... filled with the unexpected but still the same old same old ..... 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 
Praising God for his grace ! 
very unmotivated 
working hard or hardly working ???? 
the lake 
strong winds , grape sized hail and a rotating cloud sailing over our house --- to bad < PROPFIRST > was gone -- what an exciting evening 
So proud of Riah , he just rode his bike without his training wheels . Go RIAH Go ! 
home -- made sushi yum yum 
Kicked the kids outside to enjoying the beautiful day -- they had no idea what they were missing . 
Science Rocks I just taught to kids how to start leaves on fire with a magnifying glass 
The fighting has begun ..... round 2 just ended with a sending of the older 2 to their rooms ..... off to deal with the after math . 
CRAZY WINDING IM AFRAID OUR WINDOWS ARE GOING TO BLOW IN !!!! 
my boys watch G force in french .... I heard alot of laughing 
Lost my car keys somewhere between the egnition and the basement ! 
distracted very distracted 
Confucius say : He who laughs last , thinks slowest 
kids made poptarts and they did a great job 
The ephod ( 28:6 -14 ) was a reminder to the people of the special place that the people as a whole , and their tribal divisions , had with the powerful God who had delivered them from Egypt . 
MARRIAGE WEEK : If your spouse is your best friend , who works hard with you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married ----> 6-7-1997 
< PROPMALE > asked be what grade level is this book(Robinson Crusoe ) because it has a lot of big words in it . a quick search and it says for 7th and up . He is pretty proud . 
Banana 
SUPER excited for MACHE 
Homemade Pizza and a movie = family night . 
Ok people , send out 3 fairly big boxes , which is better usps or ups ? boxes are about 15# each 
