Hello , fellow facebook associates . It's me ! If you know me , or if you seen my ids on youtube , chat with me sometime . There's some friends I haven't seen in quite a while . Thanks ! 

did anyone see ' Sherlock holmes ? \ It was really good ! " 
I'm goon be on FoxNews tonight or .... whenever this month . They did a special story based on my TV Production class . Be on the lookout and tell me if you saw me ! Thanks . 
bad news : my grandpa's in the hospital . should be out by this/next week 
happy < PROPFIRST>'s day . I still remember the secret admirer from middle school , and the < PROPFEMALE > i got from 12th grade . whoever sent these , thank you ! 
got my new prescription glasses . more snow expected tomorrow night-bummer 
been a hard few days for me and my family/friends/old neighbors , etc . last wednesday , my maternal grandfather passed away . the funeral was today . ( teardrops ) 
how's everybody's spring break ? mine was good ( went to my fifth beatlefest in new jersey this year ) 
taking placement test for suffolk today !! wish me luck !!!! 
dentist's appointment today . no cavities . plenty of tartar on my bottom front teeth ( bicuspids ) j.s.y.k. i don't mind the dentist 
i'm glad i'm going to college in the fall . goodbye to r.p.h.s. soon 
a blackbird/crow slammed into my house this afternoon . sadly , it died very shortly after the impact . ( not the first time a dead animal is on the family's property ) 
good news , friends ! I am now a member of the Business and Market Honor Society of New York State ! 
might be going to a party in bay shore !? 
this heat wave is unbearable ! sorry to the summer lovers ; i hate the summer . 
i wish i was at disney world right now . there's almost NOTHING for me to do until august 9th ! 
my road test is this friday ! wish me luck ! 
bad news . ( stop ) failed road test . ( stop ) Don't feel too bad(stop ) It's not everyday you pass a road test first time around , better luck next time . 
ATTENTION TO ALL MY FRIENDS : Me and my family are leaving for disney tomorrow ! exciting , huh ? ( first time i've been there in 13 YEARS ) Won't be able to respond to future friend requests , messages , or updates until Saturday/sunday ; unless there's internet access over at my hotel . See you soon , you know who you are . 
I'M BACK PEOPLE . EVERYTHING'S BACK TO THE \USUAL\ " AND NO QUESTIONS ? I'LL WAIT . " 
Hey , everybody my 21st Birthday is on the 10th . THAT'S RIGH T-T WENTY ONE 
Thank you everybody ! it is official 
good news . i passed on my second road test ! now all there's left is two weeks+ for my license . 
HAPPY TURKEY DAY ! HOW IS EVERYONE ??????!!!!!! 
who still is doing christmas shopping ? I finished last month and only took less than two days . HAPPY HOLIDAYS 
FINALLY starting Suffolk community on Monday ! also , I have my car-2001 < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . wish me luck ! 
