I Have contacted old friends in which i have found childhood memories with . I hope to get to know them as adults . Smiles & Giggles ... Amanda 

I'm living in Southern < PROPFEMALE > now ; I'm right across the bay from Solomons Island . I just moved ( one month ago ) from North < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well , I have found ( 3 ) old friends all from different age groups of my life . Yeah , This is a good day reliving childhood ! 
To whom cares ... I'll be attending a wedding this weekend in New Jersey , and will return on Monday . I hope to post some pictures next week ... Have a great weekend ! 
I have a mission ! The goal : I'm going to say 500 Hail < PROPFIRST>'s for a precious friend . I will post the count ! 
Yesterday , When we returned from our weekend in Jersey , There was a small storm , as soon as it was over , I grabbed my dog and walked out to the beach and just watched the energy transfer across the water it was so beautiful . 
Hail < PROPFIRST > count ... 380 left :) 
I have tears in my eyes and a tear in my heart , ( Not from my man ) 
Lalalala ... To error is human , to forgive is divine . This is a easy statement to agree with , but when the shoes are hurting your feet , who wants to wear them ? 
Hail < PROPFIRST > count .... 262 left almost there .... 
Hail < PROPFIRST > count ... 144 left out of 500 . 
Hail < PROPFIRST > count ... 85 Left out of 500 . 
Sister Carol ... I miss you ... xoxoxo 
How great ... I love your perception . I won an award at school for a photograph i took , and it was published on the cover of our first edition . When i get time i'll place it on my profile . The next time I'm in Summerville i want to get a group of old frien 
Time is precious , and it is all we have .. Carpe Diem 
I MISS QUADRATIC EQUATIONS !!!!!! 
yeah and i get the worm !.. lol 
It seems at times that nothing goes away ; it just changes owners 
< PROPFEMALE > Aguilera say's it best ... \I am beautiful no matter what you say\ " .. meant for someone not to my friends .. " 
When do you know ; it is time to stop trying ? 
I finish my 500 Hail < PROPFIRST>'s , and did some more for myself . I challenge everyone who knows \Hail < PROPFIRST >\" to do at least 10 . It should only take 1 1/2 minutes . " 
Don't be jealous of someones blessings ; It stops yours from coming . 
Well i have about ten hours in that garden now and only have 5 % done . I'll have a small crew next week to put a dent into the work ! Yeah !!!!! 
Yeah , it is Friday ! I just got a Six pack of Miller Chill and i'm going to the beach , Without the dog ! :) 
BLAH !!!! 
HOWDY !!! yeehaw , It is finally feeling like summer , maybe the winter won't be so bad . : 0 
I went on a personality test trip tonight ya'll , sorry ... especially to < PROPFEMALE > McClendon ... lol 
Hollah ... I'm feelin happy today .. 
Hallelujah .. God is good ! 
well , it is going to be an early night .. Sweet dreams ... 
when you awake in the midnight hour , it will work in you favor ! 
yeah , \ small town are good enough for me\ " ... John cougar mellencamp " 
Hey .... Howdy ... Jesus loves you ..... 
This is the first week of Advent , God's mission for his people this week is to look for an opporunity to resolve a Family issue to creat a greater peace for Christmas . 
The Parish Christmas party is today ya'll ; let's hope that it isn't snowed out . Saint < PROPMALE > is coming to town for the children . 
Good morning ... 
i tell ya fresh strawberries and chocolate cake is great ... yum 
Blah , i woke up to earily this morning ... 
Hey ya'll , Today is Jesus ' Baptism ..... 
Lets hope we don't get a bunch of snow in Southern < PROPFEMALE > ... 
? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ? ) 
Awe , Staci ... I wanted to take that with you ... Are youing to wear my uniform ? I hope you have it tailored . I'm so excited for you and i know you will not let others arrocance get in the way of your fun . I noticed when i took that class that some of the people think their the best , so don't let it put you in a shell ! I want to see you preform ! Yeah , this is going to wipe that shyness right out of you ,. 
Hey have ya'll heard , I think this is true , There going to start charging for facebook . Is this true ? 
WITHOUT GOD ... our week would be : Sinday , Mournday , Tearsday , Wasteday , Thirstday , Fightday , Shatterday , seven days without God , makes one Weak ! ( If you are not ashamed of God , post this to your status ) . 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST . And the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLIDER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status . 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and UNDERSTANDING about what the challenges they face ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least an hour 
Well , well ... Times flies if your having fun or not ! 
Today's game ..... MIDDLE NAME ONLY . Everyone please play this game ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends middle name is . Copy and paste this on your profile before you put your middle name at the end of this sentence .... Rae 
f you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 3 minutes ago · Comment · Like 
< PROPMALE > Hodge announced that it is Pet appreciation week , Here is Brody's puppy picture .. awe .. 
t's P.A.W. .... Pet Appreciation Week :) Change your picture to your pet(s ) for the whole week . Don't have a pet ? Then change it to the pet you wish you had ! Re-post this ! 
Yeah , i woke up this morning , and i didn't see any snow . I hope it stays that way ! 
Well , there is snow every where ! It has snowed all day long . I did see the funniest thing though , because the snow is so high . I saw a welsh corgi jumping like a rabbit , to get threw it . lolol .. 
well , ya'll have a good night ! 
The difference between Logic and propaganda is what ..... 
haha , Damn snow every where ! Blah !!!! 
Yeah , the snow turned into rain yesterday ! 
Yeah , the snow went away .. 
Alright Ya'll , Mardi Gras is over ! Today is the first day of Lent .. 
Let your speech be always with grace , seasoned with salt , that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man . -- Colossians 4:6 ... Courtesy of < PROPFIRST > Bowen 
I have a smile to share and one to keep . 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater . Give her sperm , she will make a baby . Give her a house , she will give you a home . Give her groceries , she will make a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit . Post to your profile if you agree .. I got this from < PROPFEMALE > McClendonYa'll know < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Well , It smell like spring this morning , YEAH !!! 
Yeah , the snow is melting ; I thought it would never go away ! 
Awe , What a beautiful day . The birds are singing ; The smell of spring is in the air . 
YEAH ! the snow is almost melted away ! 
Lets support our troops . If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of the Free BECAUSE of the Brave !!!!! 
lalalalalal .. lalalalalal 
Well , life teaches you things even if you didn't sigh up for the class . 
Friends come , and friends go . The memories are what you get to keep sometimes . 
If your DAD is your Hero , whether you are blessed to have him with you , or he has passed on , copy and paste this in your status and write his name ... Eddie < PROPFIRST > Harter Jr , Vietnam vet , < PROPFEMALE > ... 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend . 
Bra colors made FaceBook news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our firefighters & EMT'S . If you support our firefighters & EMT'S then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !! This ... should appear in everyone's status !!!! God bless our Firefighters & EMT'S! 
Wow , it is feeling like Spring , in Southern < PROPFEMALE > . Yeah ! The convertiable top is down , and the old school fun jams are playing ! ;] 
It is still feeling like Spring , in Southern < PROPFEMALE > . I guess it is because it is almost truely spring , but not quite warm enough for the beach . I think i will walk there anyway , just with more clothes on !... lol 
Tree pollen does beautiful things , for the trees , but uncomfortable things , to the sinus . 
Hehehe . look out , < PROPMALE > has introduced a Cosmetologist to , \Give a mullet\ " . I'm having way to much with this .. lol " 
Awe , I'm sorry that im going to miss everyone today at the reunion . It would be so nice to catch up ! 
I have achallenge , for ya'll if you choose to accept . If there is someone you naturally don't lke , do something nice for them , or share a kind word . Most likely , If you don't like someone , They have a quality you don't like about yourself .. ;] 
Happy Easter , Happy Spring , Happy , Happy everything ! 
Spring is here , Yeah ! It is my Favorite season , beside Fall . ;] 
I will find my happy spot and stay there ... 
I'LL ADMIT I'M A HANDFUL ... Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I make mistakes , I am out of control at times , and can be hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst , then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . That's why it takes a REAL man to be able to put up with me !! Repost if your WOMAN enough .... 
I'm back in the garden , at the church again ! I'll post some photo's of what i finished last year , and what I'm working on this year ... I can't wait for the flowers to bloom that i rescued last season ! 
?? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s no ? ??? ' s ?? s sI ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? no ? ? I ,,,, ??? u ? ? u ?????? p ? ? o ?? p ?? o ? ??? ?? ? oo ? ? ? u ???? s ?. 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who responds 
Wonderful , I just love Facebook ! I have reconnected with old friends , and you ask me they are the best ones ! 
PEOPLE NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT CHILDREN WITH SPECIAL NEEDS DON'T HAVE AN ILLNESS , SO THERE IS NO CURE & IT'S NOT CONTAGIOUS . THEY ONLY WANT WHAT WE ALL WANT , TO BE ACCEPTED , 93% OF YOU PROBABLY WON'T COPY AND PASTE THIS . WILL YOU BE IN THE 7 % THAT WILL , AND LEAVE IT ON YOUR STATUS FOR LEAST AN HOUR . IT'S SPECIAL EDUCATION WEEK .... C'MON EVERYONE , IT'S 1 HOUR . Give to that special child this week !! 
okay , i keep forgetting to take pictures of the garden , but it is mostly done ... Yeah .. 
Wonderful earily Spring weather ! I just love it ... 
It is starting to get Hot .... Blah 
I Figure with 15 more hours , of labor the church garden will be completed ! This is the largest garden i have ever rebuilt . 
Okay , All the Garden needs now , is 10 more hours ! 
Yeah ! The Church Garden is finished , at least the huge side garden ! ;] 
Well , I'm moving on to the horse shoe garden ; I have already started it anyway ! 
Tough girls come from New York . Sweet \ 
girls , they're from Alabama but us < PROPFEMALE > girls , we have fire and ice \ 
in our blood ! We can ride horses , be a debutante , throw left hooks , and \ 
< PROPFEMALE > with the boys , all the while making sweet tea , Darlin ' and if we \ 
have an opinion , YOU KNOW YOU'RE GONNA HEAR IT ! ” . Nuthin like being \ 
a ... < PROPFEMALE > GIRL !!!! If ur a true < PROPFEMALE > Girl post this < PROPFEMALE > \ 
GIRL !! :o ) 
Werll , it is taking the State Board forever to send me my lisence ! GIVE ME MY LISENCE ... PLEASE ... ; 0 
YEAH ... I got my license ! I just have to wait on < PROPFEMALE > now , and i can start my job that has been waiting , for over a month . 
Yeah , It is Sunday , Time for the neighboor hood cookout ... FUN !!!! 
It is official ... I am a State lisenced in Maryland ... yeah ! It took long enough ... BLAH !!!! 
It's tradition for the U.S. President to lay\ 
a wreath in Arlington National Cemetery at the Tomb of the Unknown \ 
Soldier on Memorial Day ..... but it won't happen this year . The President\ 
is taking a vacation to Chicago !!! Way to show respect to those who \ 
have given their life to protect this nation ! If you agree this is \ 
... wrong , copy and post it to your FB page !.... Now that is just \ 
terrible !!! 
LALALALa ..... 
To tan or not to Tan , that is the question ... 
I decided to go half way , and just have more freckles .... lol 
Okay , it is my first day with my job .... I hope it is a good fit ! 
Well , Working for the Government , has it perks ! They take very good care of their employees ! I get paid extra for working on Sunday ! 
Well , some chick thought it was a good idea , to come to work sick , and now my throat is feeling sore , how unprofessional ! BLAH !!!!! 
I tell ya , Domestic chores with a full-time job ; Difentily requires time management ! How do some of ya'll do it with also having children ? 
Three day weekend for me !!!!! Yeah .. 
In\ 
loving memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who \ 
has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! \ 
Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had \ 
cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
Back to work tommorrow for me , but The three day weekend was wonderful , and the Sunday cookout group is growing . Head count now is eight ... yeah , fun ! 
High ho , it is off to work , i go .... 
I'm so glad that I'm off tommorrow , but next week , i have a long stretch without a day off ! BLAH !!!!! 
RELAX , what !?!... only after the weeds are out of the Garden ..... :) 
Working on Saturday sucks ! BLAH ! 
TCB !!!!! 
Yeah , I'm off tommorrow ! I worked a full 7 days without a day off ! That sucked ! Blah ! 
Okay , I'm off today and i have a bunch of stuff to do . I am now in my second full week , and i think i'm getting use to time management . I rather be a full-time student ! 
I had fun on my day off . I went shopping with my neighboor , and drank Margaritas , and went to Calypso's on Solomons Island . Back to reality , buzz cuts for everyone ! 
Good night Ya'll , It is way past my bed time ! My neighboor had me up chattin and drinkin ... Facebook is fun ! 
It is Sunday , time for the neighboorhood cookout ! We usually laugh and drink for hours ! 
Well , I'm closing the Barber shop today , I won't get home till 7pm instead of 4pm . BLAH !!!! 
Awe man , it was a scorcher yesterday ! Hello summer ! BLAH 
Well , Military Barber shops are fun ! I get paid to laugh all day , and serve the Military instead of them serving for us ? Sounds win-win to me !... ;] 
I'm off tommorrow , Yeah ! I'm going to work on the garden ! 
High ho , high ho .. It is off to the garden i go .... 
Next on the to do list is , Calypso's on Solomons Island . It is time for my weekly Coconut shrimp ... Yum ! 
Okay , are we going to be busy , at the Barber Shop ? It is approaching the holiday weekend . I hope we are , it is a bore without the Military , comming in for a buzz ! ;] 
Happy 4th of July ! I hope everyone stays safe ! 
The Holiday is over , back to work ... $$$$$$$ 
Well , A big question .. There is the chick at work , and she likes to show cleavage at work everyday . I think it is tacky , and our boss is a man . Should i say something ? I think it is very unprofessional , is it ? 
Yeah , I'm off from work today , but not from working .... blah ! A womans work is never done . 
Yeah , blah .... 
yeah , it is Sunday ! Time for the cookout . What should i put together , to share ? 
I think it is time for a new profile picture , I'll work on that .. 
High ho , it is off , to work i go .... 
Finding old friends on Facebook , is wonderful ! 
I tell ya , After working in the Barbershop , for a month , it reminds me why I left the industry , and went back to College . The proffesionalism is absent ! 
if you're \ 
brave , copy this in your status & see what people rate you ... ( 1 ) \ 
crazy ( 2)wish we went out ( 3)talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5)loveable ( 6)\ 
sweet ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb(9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) weird ( 11)wild ( 12 ) goofy\ 
( 13 ) funny ( 14)awesomely awesome ( 15 ) amazing ( 16 ) ... beautiful ( 17)\ 
cute ( 18 ) ugly . 
Yeah , it is Thursday , time for Coconut Shrimp ... my favorite ! I'm going to Calypso's on < PROPMALE>'s Island ... ;] 
Demin Friday ... I guess , it is suppose to make the day fly bye ... lol 
Good morning everyone , i hope ya'll have a great day ! 
God\ 
saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms \ 
around you and whispered \come to me\ " . With tearful eyes I watched you \ 
Good Morning ... I hope everyone has a great week ! 
If\ 
you believe in God , repost this ! Please don't ignore , you are being \ 
tested . For it says in the Bible , \deny me in front of everyone 
Children\ 
with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's \ 
not contagious . They want what we all wan t--t o be accepted . Copy and \ 
paste this , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's \ 
special education week . God Bless The Children ! 
lalala , I woke up too earily ! 
Blah , i have chores to do , and i have to work .... 
I\ 
PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO \ 
THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , \ 
WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grew up saying this every morning \ 
in school - it's a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending \ 
someone ) . NOW , LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST \ 
............... AND NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING ANYONE !!!! 
Okay , so God made man first , but doesn't everyone make a rough draft before they make a masterpiece ? =) 
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak out against what is wrong ; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen to the truth . - < PROPMALE > Churchill 
Communication , is an on going task . I wonder , when does it come to the point , that other people contribute to the same cause ? It is still the same obstacle , after a couple of tries , i just give up ! I just can't handle some people ; do they think their crap , is transparent ? 
have you ever noticed the crazy people are the happiest people . Do they know something we don't ? 
Bless and praise the Lord no matter what your circumstances look like and thank God for always leading you in the path of victory . Be Blessed ! 
Yeah , it is Sunday ... Time for the cook out ... 
Well ... 
Dam Hurricane Earl .. It figures , The REO Speed Wagon concert is today , along with < PROPFIRST > Benatar . Lets home it doesn't get rained out . It is probably cancelled ? 
Finally , i feel recovered from the concert ... ;] 
LAlalalalalalaaa ........ 
I just LOVe the smell in the air . It is a mixture , of Fall coming , and summer leaving . The only way this could be better , is if it had a little of Charleston in it .. 
Yeah , it's Friday ! I remember when that meant something ... ;p 
Yeah ... I think the hellish Summer is over ... 
lalalalla .... lalalallaaaaahhhh ... hehehehhehehe ... ;] 
Hey , so ... Just working ... 
Work , Work ... Work .. Work ... The only perk to that , is you have no time , to spend any money .... lol 
Don't look at my scars and feel sorry for me ... Look at my scars and be proud of what I've overcome . 
Yeah , I only get one day off this week ... I need more staff ! 
Okay . First day back at the gym ... Dam .... I'm kinda out of shape ... BLAH !!!!! 
Well , Building a new routine , is going well . I just want to loose 8 pounds . This is what i gained from drinking and going to cookouts , every weekend , So it needs to go !... ;p 
Hey ... I wonder if any of ya'll have been to a Red < PROPFIRST > ? Well , we went last night , and it is over price Hardee's hamburgers . I was a total joke ! 
Wow , < PROPFEMALE > Renaissance Festival is so cool ! We went yesterday , but i forgot my camera ... DAG 
LALALALaaaaah .... I think all is good ! 
HEY YALL in SUMMERVILLE ! I would love to have a group of us meet together for drinks and laughs around Thanksgiving .... Who wants to gather together with I and other old friends ? I was thinking of meeting some where in THE VILLE ... Any suggestions ? 
Montros , Where is it located ? We have plenty of time ... ;] Who has a Middle School year book ? 
Yeah , watch October just fly by ... 
Well , missed place my phone ... blah ! 
hehehe , I accidentally left my phone at work , and one of my team members wanted to go home , on my day off .... That was a hidden blessing ... ;] 
Lalalala , Working all the timee ... BLAH !!! Well , i guess i don't have time to spend any .. 
Wow , Fall has come and gone here , in Southern MD .. But doesn't the air smell nice ? 
yeah , i have a day off , but my dog Brody wanted me to get up anyway .... blah ! 
Well , forget a 40 hr work week , that flew out the window with the warm weather ... at least i'm on commission ... 
GOOD Morin .. I wonder who else forgot what day , it was ( besides myself ) yesterday ?... lol 
Yeah , it is Friday , I think ... lol 
What was I thinking , taking a nap ? Stupid ... Now i wonder what time I will finally get back in bed , since i have to work , in the morning ... 
ost this as your status and see what people love about you : I LOVE YOUR ______________________________ 
is thinking that i need to change my picture , since it is turning Fall .. 
Yeah , A day off ! Is it really a day off , or is it just a transfer of work ? 
Hello , I have lost my phone , along with all my phone numbers .. Please send me an IM with your contact info ... Thanks .. 
Well , I'm working all the time .. I hope that I will still be able , to see family and friends for Holidays .. 
Homeless\ 
go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go\ 
without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go \ 
without benefits that were promised to them !! Yet we donate billions of \ 
dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 99% of the \ 
people on facebook won't have the spine or guts to repost this ! I KNOW \ 
I'm the 1% , what about you 
Yeah .. Yeah .. Yeah ! 
Okey , Dokey .... with a pot of cool beans , It is official ... I have no life ... Is it cool for professional responsibilities , to rule your life ? 
laughs with her eye , smiles with her soul , hugs with her heart , Loves with her spirit . :) 
AM NOT ASHAMED !............ I believe in Jesus Christ . A person on \ 
facebook has challenged all believers to post this on their wall .. In \ 
the Bible it says , \If you deny me in front of your peers 
Well , work .... 
Yeah , I have 2 new staff members , in training ! It looks like I will be able to get to Summerville , for Thanksgiving ! I'm so excited to get , to see my Family and friends ! 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste 
yEAH , i'M SO EXCITED ! i can't wait to be back home ! 
Hey Ya'll , just curious , How would you feel , if you were planning a family dinner , and at the last minute , after several months , of planning , your Sister cancels . How would you feel , and view such a act of selfishness , and inconsideration ? Please share comments ... ;p 
Awe Man , This week is creeping by ! I can't wait to see old friends ! I'm so excited to get reacquainted !... ;] 
lalalala , I off today ! I refuse to do any chores , besides laundry ! oh , and wrapping Thanksgiving gifts , for my family , because i will not see them for Christmas .. 
Yeah , one more day to go and I'm Southern bound ! I can't wait to see evryone on Friday at Montruex . I'll be there around 7-8 pm ... 
YEAH , it is Tuesday , after coffee , I'm Summerville bound ! 
Horray , I'm in the deep south again ! Dam , Summerville has changed , it has only been a year . What in the world ! 
It is Thanksgiving time ... I'm courious , share what you are Thanksful for ... 
Hey ... Ladies .... I'm getting a Hotel room , for Friday & Saturday . All Ladies are invited to crash , for safety .... Im me for more info 
Okay , I ' , GETTIN IN THE kITCHEN ... 
---------- Dinner was great ... 
Good morning .... I'm so looking forward , to seeing all who show up tonight , at Montruex . I'll be there earily , to grab a large table ! 
WOW ! That was fun last night ....... ill post a couple of pics next week when i get home ... 
alalallaaaah ... Goin home tommorrow , i have enjoyed myself ... 
I'm back In Southern MD , alltravels went well , besides me almost becoming lost . 
Okay , Vacation is over ! Back to work ! 
It's Christmas ....... not X-mas !!! Don't remove Christ from HIS birthday ! Post this if you agree . Please don't X out the Lord !!! I would love to see this on everyone's wall . If you agree please repost or copy and paste . 
Blah , i came back , to a messy home ! i started chores , at 4 am ! BLAH !!!! The shop , is giving a presence that needs attention , ( my Team got slack ) I'm going to have to write some people up . My boss , is making me ... I rather just cut there hours ... I just hope no one quits , because That will suck , but at least i got to visit SC . 
HAhahaha , One of my Team members calls in yesterday , and it official ... Everyone called in at least once during my Vacation ... If they don't have Doctor excuses , or notes from a Mechanic , They will be written up ... No more \Nice Amanda\ " .... BLAH !!!! " 
Evidently\ 
the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to their \ 
favorite cartoon characters is actually a group of child molesters . \ 
Their doing it because kids will accept their friend requests faster if \ 
they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with supporting child \ 
violence , It was on a tv show ... that warns you about internet \ 
frauds ..... Please copy and repost 
Wow , it is freakin COLD ! I wonder how much snow < PROPFEMALE > will get this season ? BLAH !!! 
Yeah , yeah ... Yeah .. 
well , next week should be interesting , I have a corporate seminar , to attend . Sunday night threw Wednesday , is the length of the meeting . In conclusion , of the semair , I will be giving a 30 minute speech , on Costumer Retention . So , the question is , to wear a suit or not ? I could just wear coordinates . This is important , because most of the Upper Management will be attending . EEK ! ANY Suggestions ? 
Yeah , i got off earily today .. 
I'm kinda nervious about my 30 < PROPFEMALE > speech ... But I'm excited about going out of towm for several days ! I love to travel 
Okay , I'm ready for my speech ! EEEK Well , i bought myself a new suit , so that should help .... lol 
Okay , after sitting in lecture for 16 hours , and giving a 30 minute speech , I became certified , in Customer connections . Yeah ! Oh , by the way i nailed my speech , which was a training exercise , for the New program . My Boss's BOSS commented me ... whippedee DOOOO 
When you < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , Satan gets a headache . When you open it , he collapses . When he sees you reading it , he faints . When he sees that you are living what you read , he flees . When you are about to re-post this , he will try and discourage you .... I just defeated him !! Copy and repost if you can , even if many of your \friends\ " laugh and make fun of you ..... Any takers ?? " 
yeah , i'm off today ... 
Well .... All in one day this happened , to me . My first day back to work , i had to call in sick , and Southern < PROPFEMALE > got Snow . 
Well , Business is slow .... I'm closing tonight , so maybe it will pick up for me .... lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ....... Has anyone thought , of what you want < PROPFEMALE > to bring for you ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas friends and family ! The greatest gift , is your friendship .. Best wishes , for you and yours .... 
I hope everyone enjoyed Christmas .. 
I'm still enjoying the holiday atmosphere ... 
Happy New Year .. I know i won't stay awake ... 
Just courious ... Around what time do you take down your Christmas Decorations ? I probley will not till next week . I like looking at them .. 
Well , Lets see ... Everything is running , but not that smoothly .. 
Good Morning .... My boss is stopping by the shop today .... BLAH !!!! 
I hope everyone New Year , is starting off , on the right track . Has anyone made resolutions ? 
Yeah ..... Not much here ... how are things on your side ? 
GOOD MORNING FB !!!! All is good , and all is well ! 
Well , i wonder how the Southern Snow storm , is going to hit , Southern Maryland ... I wouldn't mind a snow day .... ;} 
Hey Ya'll .. The Winter Storm , is well .. Mostly rain that will turn into Black Ice .. I kinda wanted a snow ( no work ) day .. 
hahahaha , Well , Southern < PROPFEMALE > didn't get the Snow storm that slammed the South .. Dam .. I have to work today , and My boss is stopping by the Shop ... Blah ... She gets on my nerves ! 
yeah ! I have some one trying out today , to be a member of my team . I hope she does well ! 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat . Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! ( Reposted from another friend's status message . Feel free to do the same ) 
Yeah , i have a new team member starting today ! 
Good Morning .. My Boss is stopping by the Shop today ... oh bother ... ;p 
Well , the thought of renting a booth , is starting to sound good .. 
Being Corporate sucks ! I really think i need to rent a booth , and go into business for myself ! 
Well ! It is official , I will not work with someone , who has a nasty attitude ! I can not stand my Supervisor . She is so lazy ! She likes to Micro-Manage ... BLAH !!!!! 
OKAY < I'm going to do it today ! I'm putting my notice in ! I don't need her Crap ! 
Well , In a way , i have to start over with my clients . It shouldn't take too long for them to find me ! My former team will help me with that ! Things will be just fine ! I have freedom ! 
I am a Artist ; I do all things with passion , creativity , and form . This level of service come with a price , it is called RESPECT ! 
Dag , I'm looking at my post , and I'm dumping , and complaining to my friends ... Please excuse me ... 
Okay , i just realized that my b-day is around the corner ... I'm not ashamed to tell my future age .. i look good considering the trials i have had threw my young life ... That you God for pulling me threw , and rising me up . With out God's protection and grace , who knows where i would be . Oh , that's right , i know .... 
WOW ! Thanks ya'll .. To bad that i cant have all of you over for drinks ... 
Birthdays are fun .... 
Thanks yall ! 
I am having a wonderful Birthday weekend , so far i have eaten and drank too much ... lol 
Time to tighten up !.... Thanks for all of the Greetings . I don't think i have heard , Happy B-day that many times , sine childhood . lol 
If you have a Best Friend who has made you laugh .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy ... Got mad at you ... Watched you succeed ... Seen you fall ... Picked you back up ... Cheered you on ... Had your back ... ready to fight the person who pissed you off or broke your heart , and all these things made your friendship stronger and you can't do without their friendship , repost to your status and say thank you to your BFF'S!! 
Good Morning FB ! 
Alright , I'm trying a new Chili recipe , i hope it is better than the last one ... 
Alright , time to buckle down , and make things happen ! Hello Monday !! 
Bye now .... 
Yeah .. 
Alright , Spring is in 2 months , and I'm 35 . Should i try something different this year ? What else is there for a not old / not young gal ? 
Yeah .. Yeah , yeah .... 
I hope everyone has a great V-Day weekend . I wonder who fights the traffic , to just go out to eat ... hahahhaha , Not me ! 
????? ?????????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
?????????????????? ????? 
Yeah , so ... I just don't feel like it .. 
I'm planning another South bound trip ! Most defiantly , after Saint < PROPFIRST>'s day ! I'm thinking of renting , a nice Hotel room , in Down Town Charleston . I can't fork all the dough for the room , so a group effort will be the goal . The more the merrier ... Who is in for real ? I'm thinking end of March , or Middle of April . I think a two night excursion will suffice . 
Hahahaha , A blast from the past , Who remembers crazy shit from < PROPMALE > , Senoir weekend , in < PROPFEMALE > Beach ? 
GOOD MORNIN ' FB ! I hope all ya'll feel loved . 
Okay , so .. I need a challenge ! It is to late to register for classes and to cold to garden . I really can't stand being board . I thinking of a new hobby ... The Chesapeake Bay is my Back yard , Kayaking ? BUT the water is freezing ! I think I'm going to be board ! 
I'm so excited ! My team is taking me out Thursday , and I'm getting extensions . I'm a little nervous on how it will look , because I'll have to wear it . 
I transplanted my < PROPFEMALE > bush the other day . I have had it for 5 yrs now , and can't wait to see how full it will be this year ! 
Dam the Pollen , Here in Southern < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Wow , I nervous again ! < PROPFIRST > has suggested that all , of us get together again this week , on Saturday , to go to the Clubs , in DC . I'm going to try to pull off a big city look . ROFLMAO ! 
I love my life ! I just wish , i had more Summerville people in it . 
Alright , Were going out to D.C. tonight . I have to curl my weave , LMAO ! Love it ! 
I love it ! I love it ! SPRING !! Time to start Gettin ' Dirty ... ;] 
Hey Ya'll! Way to much fun , this weekend ! I'm super excited about my visit coming up in April . 
Okay , I'm still excited about visiting in April ! 
lalalallalallalallala .... Ya'll have a good day ! 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 87% of people won't re-post ... this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too 
Wow , I'm soooo board ! This doesn't do well , for me ! 
oh yeah ... It is Monday !!!! 
So , Who believes in the Ground Hog ? I , do ! He saw his shadow , so it will be a early Spring . It is proving to be true ! 
I'm doing extra lunges , ect ... Dam , things are different when you get older ... Blah 
This spring weather is making me thirsty , What is up with that ? 
You and I wake up in the psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well ... Be a good sport and play along . 4 words is harder than u think 
Good Morning , It is smelling like Spring . ( sniff , sniff ! ) 
Spring cleaning almost done ! 
I wanted to grill chicken n Ribs today , but no ... the rain will not let me .... 
Blah ! A lazy Sunday = a Early Monday ! 
Well , Pollen is in the air , and my nose .... BLAH 
QOTD : \Practice isn't the thing you do once you're good 
HEY YA'LL ... I am proud to be Southern -where tea is sweet and accents are sweeter ; summer starts in April ; front porches are wide and words are long ; macaroni and cheese is a vegetable ; pecan pie is a staple ; Y’all is the only proper pronoun ; chicken is fried and biscuits come w/ gravy ; everything is darling and someone is always getting their heart blessed . Have a good day y'all! Re post if you're Southern 
SERIOUSLY PPL !!! we can post crap askin < PROPMALE > REPOST for cancer survivors , troops , the best husband/mother/child/cousin ~ GAS PRICES if we used this as a total movement THE DAY THE EARTH STOOD STILL ~ dont buy gas for 1 day globally it will impact and it will show that WE the consumer are outraged with this and we will not stand for it . TAKE THE STAND NO GAS APRIL 2 , 2011 ~ REPOST 
Oh , i can feel stress ! BLAH . Even in my Stomach ... I have a feeling , it is just about to start .. 
It ' s all good sug ... 
Well , Spring is right around the corner ! Yeah , it is my favorite season , or is it because there isn't any flowers , in the winter ? 
Oh Happy Days ... Blah ... Super busy 
Well , Porch Party season has started ! Around here , we ( meaning neighbors and I ) visit one another and drink , on each others porches . It is fun .. ;] Sunday cook outs are right around the corner . 
It is what it is .. 
yeah , so your point is ...? 
If it walks like a dog , barks like a dog , are you sure , it is a dog ... 
Happy Spring , The Flowers are starting to grow ... yeah ! I Still haven't got to the Church garden .. It probably is a mess .. :[ Dam , 
Well , Spring cleaning is practicality done . The only thing left now , is the oven ... Yeah .. The widows were a pain ... luckily a girl friend helped , Thanks ...! 
Okay , so I'm going to check on a property today , for a Salon ... I have DREAMS !!!! 
Alright , so Let me get this right ... if you don't spend money , it multiplies . It takes Money , to make Money . So , you break even ...? Who has taken a financial risk , in order to pursue a dream ? Please share .. 
Get this shit , ( because it was raining yesterday ) my appointment was canceled , by the real estate agent . Blah ! I laugh , at the obstacles ! 
Where about to head out and look for a house ... I'm excited .... ;] 
Hey , do you know some one who , is just filled with anger ? I pitty them ! 
Dag , It is snowing ! I can't believe it . Dag , I miss the deep South ! ;p 
Well , another week , and i have < PROPFEMALE > much i need , to do ... Pray for me Ya'll , I'll need it .. Don't be surprised , if i call one of you upset ... I love all my friends , and I thank you ahead of time ... ;p 
I'm just a Cosmetologist doing my Job .. 
I have a personal reason for asking if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour ? Do it for all !! There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends . 
seriously , I'm < PROPFEMALE > sorry , for the Cityville post .. 
I've got a bunch , of stuff to do today . I wish it was fun ... :[ 
Well , why isn't it getting warm ... blah .. I miss Southern weather .. 
Hey , i know that FB games are , at times lame , but i like to play them between conversations . City ville is fun ... Become my neighbor ... ;] 
sorry for all the Cityville Post ... 
Yeah , it was beautiful yesterday ... ;] but today ....? 
