My oldest daughter turns 11 today ! Wow ! Where has the time gone ? 

< PROPFEMALE > is a bitch !!! May be slow but its always there and keepin score . 
Look at those pretty green eyes ! 
WTF do you mean wal mart doesn't sell dr pepper ?!?!! Man ! N < PROPFEMALE > sux !! 
Aug 30 ! Flyin outta ND ! The weather has been great and the people are awesome but I'll be glad to get outta here . 
Lunch is done . Time To go make some more money . Best wishes everyone ! 
Finally made it to Pittsburg . I'm liking it so far . Pretty country that reminds me of the Columbia river gorge . Let's see how work goes ! Best wishes everyone . 
Hey new guy take this truck and 25k # trailer and drive it from lost creek back to < PROPMALE > ( 4hrs ) . Oh , by the way there's gonna be construction and 5 o'clock traffic on the way back . Lol ! Damn I'm good !!! 
So I'm off to southern new York state for the next couple of days . Honestly never thought I'd say that . Let's see what happens . Best wishes to all ! Keep farmin the good < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just got back to < PROPMALE > . T\ 
New York state is beautiful ! < PROPFEMALE > New York Is awesome . It's definitely worth checkin out on google . Sweet dreams all . 
Let's make the trip to new York again , this time let's do some work . Rofl ! Bring it on !! 
Murphy's Law : Everything that can go wrong will go wrong . McDougal's law : Murphy was an optimist ! 
Hmm . Its rainin . Gotta shut down till it stops . Ooh ! A bbq place . Lets see what theyre callin bbq . Best wishes all ! 
Just got back to the hotel . Time fora shower and then to bed ! Lets do it again tomorrow . That bbq was way better than expected . TheN . E . has been full of surprises ! 
Done for today ! Except for the drive back to pittsburgh . Have a good evening all ! 
Finally back to Pittsburg . Remember , it's not what you say it's how you say it ! When I took this job they told me to get ready for late nights with 30 foot joints and 5 gallon buckets of dope ! Somehow I had envisioned something different ! ;-) I'm gonna sleep now . Have a great day everyone ! 
A quick meal then off to bed ! Hope every body had a good long weekend . 
Roflmao !!! To tears people !! Oh so funny ! I'm walkin back to my room from dinner and a\not white\ " couple crossed the street away from me ! Then after they had passed a little ways they crossed back ! It was downright hurtful ! Oh still laughing . Good night all ! " 
So this place continues to surprise me . At 7-11 this morn gettin coffee and the clerk is greeting everyone by name and they all know each other by name . 
Takin a break . Maybe for the rest of the day . Hope every body finds their work week rhythm soon . Good luck everyone . 
I know it was a rough day for some but tomorrow will be better . Keep farmin the good < PROPFEMALE > and don't worry about when the bad < PROPFEMALE > will visit the ones that are constantly rackin it up . Best wishes everybody ! Goodnight ! 
How awesome would it be if there was a TiVo for bad < PROPFEMALE > !? You know somebodys gonna get it and you really wanna see it but you know you're not gonna be there .... Maybe ya get lucky and find it on you tube . Best wishes all . 
A jacket and long pants tonight ! Im actually cold . Crazy ! 
It was a great day ! thanks to all who went the extra mile for me today . Goodnight all . 
Anybody ever watch a snake breathe ? It's a little creepy . Have a great day everyone ! 
Hmm . Apparently all this time it WAS me . O-o 
Good night all . 
Stuff of legend ! Oh yeah ! You know you're makin an impression when you get people comin from other shops to look at your work . Yeah . 
It doesn't matter how secure and well adjusted you are mentally and socially , sometimes you're gonna worry . 
Wow , my son is 13 yrs old today ! He started in this world at 8 lbs 6 oz . He's now a solid 225 pounds . I'm so very proud of the young man he's become and even more excited to see what the future holds for him . Happy happy birthday Skyler ! 
All those years of gettin up at 3:30 have finally taken root ! Of course I have no reason to be up at 3:30 any more but at least I don't have to worry about missin my alarm . 
Thunder storm warning ?! A little thunder storm would be nice . 
ok , so Im pretty sure Im a screw up . At work my approach is extremely effective and provides a finished product that is second to none(Its not braggin if you can back it up ) . However , on the personal side of my life it feels like I ruin everything I touch . To compound mattersI just seem to make things worse the more I try to fix it . I needto constantly remind myself that not everything is as easyto repair as steel . 
Thanks to everyone for the words of reassurance . I think I'm back on track today . Good < PROPFEMALE > ! Good < PROPFEMALE > ! Farm it up !! 
Wow ! What a beautiful day ! 
It's so strange to be in the middle of a highly stressful situation and still be happy . Good night all . 
As your attorney I advise you to rent a very fast car with no top . Good night all . 
Let's go bronchos let's go ! Let's go bronchos let's go ! 
17 to 14 bronchos ! Lets go bronchos ! Lets go ! 
Way to go OHS ! Proud of my bronchos tonight ! 
You know what I think ? I think what I think doesn't really matter ! Think about it . Lol ! 
Alright , Let's get down to brass tacks here . How much for the ape ? 
Love is messy ! How do 2 people nurture a good relationship when they don't really know what it's supposed to be like ? I guess you just have to keep tryin and hopin that the person handling the other half of the relationship keeps tryin too . Night all ! 
Incidently ; have you ever found yourself feelin extra lucky and knowin exactly why you feel lucky but havin no idea how you got so lucky ? It's tough to function when your inner retard keeps screaming \crash and burn ! This is gonna be hilarious ! \ " here's hopin to stay balanced . " 
You know its gonna be one of those days on the way to work . The sign today ? Turnin on to biz 20 , my sunglasses slide cross the dash and into my coffee ! Wow . 
There is no charge for awesomeness ! 
It doesn't matter where it falls in the week , Monday still sux ! 
Hmm , < PROPFIRST > Lopez , affirmative action at Work ! I'd actually rather watch < PROPFIRST > lenno . Omg I can't believe I just said that . Lol 
Beware the s# ! t storm ! 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > Corps ! Thank you for protecting the other branches so that this country is safe and remains free ! Semper fidelis ! 
If you say the cup is gonna fall off the table then you slap the cup to make it fall off the table it really doesn't prove anything . 
Theres just too many monkeys on this football ! 
Lets go skyler Lets go ! Lets go skyler lets go ! 
So proud of my boy !! 3rd place in his first wrestling tournament ! Way to go skyler way to go !! Way to go skyler way to go !! 
Man ! 40 degrees in west Texas feels way colder than it does in Idaho ! 
It's sometimes oh so scary when things come into focus . Listen to what somebody says then throw half to three quarters of it away cuz it's horse shit ! You really wanna know what's goin on ? Listen to what's NOT bein said and you'll understand so much more . 
The real nail in the coffin for true intentions though is actions ! Actions tell so much more than any words from any person will ever say . \ 
Good night all . Best wishes to everyone . 
Awesome ! Boss comes outside to our test site and says yeah Im definitely gonna need yall to work through lunch on these . Oh and stay till theyre done . 
30 degrees this morning , couple that with the wind at 25 and you got ...... I dont know but its cold ! Have a great day everyone ! 
Thank you ! To < PROPFIRST > \mayhem\ " miller ! Bully beatdown is the very best show on tv ! If you missed this weeks episode catch it on hulu ! When the grappling round is about to start you get to see what a broken human looks like ! Thanks again mayhem ! " 
When your moby < PROPMALE > arrives and u realize that its not exactly as you thought it would be , would you give up onit and start looking for another ? Think about it . 
3:30 again ?! Seriously , this is so irritating ! Always hated havin to be up this early for work . Now I can sleep 2 hours past this but 3:30 is when my body has decided to get up . Grr ! Wonder if southern maid is open yet . That's right ! Fresh hot southern maid doughnuts ! Suck on that 3:30 ! Lol ! 
Mmm . Scotch ! Suck on that Monday ! 
Damn ! So close ! Don't you hate it when you're good all year long then you mess around and end up on the naughty list right before Christmas arrives ! Ok I gotta steal the naughty list now . Any body care to come along ? 
My inner retard is rolling ! I hate somebody that says I told you so , no matter how funny they sound when they say it ! 
Time with your oldest friend definitely helps you bring the picture back into focus . The situation is still what it is but seeing it clearly helps somehow . Best wishes all ! Goodnight ! 
330 again . Really ? On a Saturday . That I don't even have to work . Awesome . Not really . 
A good cigar and a double double of exceptional scotch . A perfect end to a ho hum day . Just one thing missing . (; _ ;) 
Apparently forever is not nearly as long as every body seems to think . 
Gotta love it when you can roll down the road with the windows down in december ! 
Shakey , shakey . Shakey , shakey , shakey ! Lol ! 
Just keep her satisfied and you can probably avoid a painful burning death . Hmm , a valid point . 
Well , at least it's not 3:30 I guess . 
Awesome ! < PROPFIRST > St. < PROPMALE > does it again . I wish every kid in the country wanted to be like him . This country would be on top again in no time ! 
Off to < PROPFIRST > for today ! Play nice kids ! 
Finally back from east Texas . Its beautiful country but I'm not too fond of the people . It was worth it to see my brother though . Shreveport was fun too . Gotta plan a weekend trip for the near future . Hope everyone had a good weekend . Goodnight all . 
My new years resolution is to smoke more ! Pretty sure I can keep that one . Ok , I opened the door I wanna hear one from everybody else now . 
I'm sick I'm tired and I have to get up early for work tomorrow ; why can't I sleep ? Grrr ! 
Love is giving somebody the power to hurt you and trusting that they won't . 
Happy Friday everyone ! Have a fantastic day ! 
Its called self control . On the surface , Im calm cool and collected , But make no mistake , on the inside the f^( < ! ^g roof is about to get ripped off and crammed somewhere !!! 
When our relationship draws to a close you will know . There's no grey area . I don't burn bridges , I dynamite them . No quarter offered and none expected ! Just food for thought . Happy Friday everyone ! 
So after dinner tonight my fortune cookie says : a new relationship is about to < PROPFEMALE > . You will be blessed ....... Hmm . Not sure what to think about that . 
Ha ! Smurfs is on . Smurfin awesome ! 
Ufc fight for the troops tonight on spike tv at 9pm ! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > White and the ufc for putting on this production for our people in uniform ! 
Half way to Friday ! Have a great day every body ! 
WTH happened ?! I wake up to snow and a windchill of -1 ! Wow . Can't wait go hear the whining and watch the ballet they're gonna call traffic this morning . Have a great day everybody ! 
So I woke up this morning to a -15 windchill this morning . Went to work just long enough to get my tools out and get told to go home because if the power outage issues . Only in Texas could I get a snow day ruthless than an inch of snow on the ground . Awesome ! Lol 
Mmm , coffee ! 
Friday ! Friday ! Friday ! Oh yeah ! Finally ! Enjoy it everybody ! 
MOUNTAIN TOP ! 
Well , worked 12 and half hours today . I'll admit it I'm tired ! At least it was a beautiful day ! Good night everyone . 
Made it through the first week at my new job . So far I love this job ! It's long hours but honestly that's the only negative thing I can say about it . Happy Friday every body !!!! 
Boom ! Like I said in the past when our friendship draws to a close you'll know ! This particular friend ship was born some time in 1979 . Time of death 2:45 pm feb 26 , 2011 . Didn't need anything more than an m-80 to bring this one down . Best wishes ! 
Really ! It's Saturday ! Not cool 3 am ! Not cool at all ! 
Happy 5th birthday to my little < PROPFEMALE > today ! I'm so happy you're a part of my life . Wow ! How time flies ! 
Awesome ! I start my graveyard shift tonight . Have a good day at work everybody ! 
I'm out the door to work . Have a good evening everybody . 
Oh , hell yeah !!!! Happy Friday every one ! It's gone < PROPFEMALE > bay a grrreat day !!!! 
Ok , out the door to work . Have a good evening everybody ! 
Wow ! It's amazing how short an 8 hour shift feels when you're used to workin 10 or 12 . I hope everyone had a good day . Good night all . 
If you can measure it you can manage it . 
Well it's that time again . Out the door for another sweet 8 hour shift . Have a good rest of the day everyone . Play nice ! 
< PROPFIRST > Robles !!!! Of asu ! Google him ! Wow ! 
Rock lobster ! Roflmao ! 
Another Monday !! Seems like everything I touched today broke . Tomorrow is friday ; right ? Yes ! So happy ! Good night everyone . 
\Results come from focus and drive ! \ " \ 
Little bitches posing as men make me sick ! More so when they beat up on women . Makes me smile to think of them snugglin against their will behind bars ! 
