Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 

I love lazy days !!! 
Go Bengals !!! 8-3 
Cincinnati Bearcats still undefeated but it was close . PHEW !!!! Go Cats !!! 
When are things going to go my way ? 
OK peeps , everyone pray for me . I am going to turn myself in on a warrant . 
keep my daughter < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers , now that she has been trying to get her life together a darn warrant shows up . She is turning herself in to < PROPMALE > County 
I am home for Christmas YAY !!!!!! I absolutely love my family ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I got 8 inches cut off my hair today ! I shed a little tear LOL but it looks great , thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I am trying to stay positive . All I can do is show him support , love and lots of < PROPFEMALE > but he is well worth it . 
My cuzn'z baby'z daddy'z lil bruda'z bes fren's uncle's x-wife's boyfren's mama's nexdoe neigba's susta in law said tell you murcrimus . 
Yesterday is history , tomorrow is a mystery , today is a gift ; that's why we call it the present ! 
•\I wish people would love everybody else the way they love me . It would be a better world . \"" 
If you can't see the bright side of life , polish the dull side . 
A positive attitude may not solve all of your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . 
Pay no attention to those who talk behind your back ; it only means that you're two steps ahead of them . 
If electricity comes from electrons , does morality come from morons ? 
If money doesn't grow on trees then why do banks have branches ? 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > . I can't believe my lil bro is gone . Why would God take him on our dad's birthday ? What is going on ? I can't handle this ! 
OK , my brother is still alive ! His own mother lied and said he was dead . He is in a coma and very bad off but still very much alive . WOW ! His own mother lying ! 
Okay peeps ... here's the deal : I will be completely honest for 24hrs . You can ask me any question ( only in my inbox ) , any question no matter how crazy it is ! You have my FULL honesty but you HAVE to post this on your status and see what questions that you receive . 
Love is missing someone whenever you're apart , but some how feeling warm inside because you're close in heart . 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make greater , give her sperm she will make a baby , give her a house she will give you a home , give her groceries she will give you a meal , give her a smile she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her any crap , be ready ... to receive a ton of shit !... ( copy it if you agree ) 
Soooooo hyped that my team , the Saints , are going to the superbowl . Who Dat !!!! 
I am sooo sick but at least the docs finally figured out what is wrong . Now I need surgery , doesn't that sound fun ? 
WHO DAT !!! The Saints got this !!!!! 
Thanks to those who showed concern and love while I was in the hospital . For those who act like children and can't put differences aside while family is VERY sick , I will pray for you ! 
Please pray for me everyone , I really belive in the power of prayer circles . I am not out of the woods yet . 
Having surgery AGAIN on Tuesday and I am terrified . Stent and kidney stone will be removed . Please pray for me ! 
Went to ER again , doc informs me that if I am required to have my right kidney removed I can still live with 1 , WOW he sure knew how to make me feel better !!!! LOL 
They say there is a good guy behind every corner , I must be walking in circles !!! http://chatter.com/a/7dins?ref=nf 
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful , beautiful mommy's!!!!! 
Had blood and urine tests , x < PROPFIRST > , cat scan and ultrasound last night at UC . Found out there is fluid backing up in my kidney , surgery needs to be done ASAP 
The sex position 69 is now 96 , due to the poor economy the price of eating out has gon ... http://chatter.com/a/7okuu?ref=nf 
I AM _______ , I LOVE ______ , I HATE ______ ! FILL IT OUT AND SEE HOW WELL YOU KNOW ME :) 
Things are looking up finally . Got the stent removed today and I got a car , gonna keep moving forward with my life !!!! 
My ex-husband was the one to prove to me that not all men are the same . Some are worse than others !!!! 
My birthday is in 2 months , I want a 2009 Bentley Premier 4059 . Everyone start saving lol 
My birthday is in 2 months , I want a 2009 Bentley Premier 4509 . Everyone start saving lol 
If you like this status , I will post on your wall something I like about you . Make this as your status if you want a challenge . 
This family reunion should be alot of fun , but I am baffled by the controversy over it . 
I had so much fun yesterday and I am proud of everyone in the family for putting differences aside and not arguing . Maybe we don't belong on < PROPFIRST > Springer after all ! 
I do have a black cloud over my head , but screw the umbrella , it is time for me to dance in the rain !!! 
If you're reading this . whether we speak or not , post a comment of the first memory of me that pops into your head . When you're finished , post this as your own status . You'll be suprised what people remember about you .... 
Tomorrow is my birthday , last year of being twenty something . Kinda sad lol 
Got to witness the birth of my new nephew , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , and I even got to trim the cord yay me !!! 
You know the phrase \if that ain't the pot calling the kettle black ? \ " i think my family invented it ! " 
So much drama , so little time . The last name raider is under fire lately , for what it's worth , i'm a KAH ! 
This\ 
is I LOVE MY SISTER week ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , \ 
wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , \ 
cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . \ 
Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever 
If you know a secret that will hurt someone you love dearly , do you tell or is ignorance really bliss ? 
Families are like fudge - mostly sweet with a few nuts . 
If you're gonna make a fake profile to spy on people , be smarter than a 5th grader and don't make the birthdate 10/10 , your grandson's birthday ! Uh hello mom or < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
I cannot believe that you can sit back and talk about someone I deleted all you fake ass people because you are evil and the devil is in you all . I am a good person , full of love and God guides me , you are all blind . You are all sinners and hide behind Facebook . You will never be welcome in my home again . Me and your dad have disowned you . Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > 
I can see clearly now , the rain is gone , I can see all obstacles in my way Gone are the dark clouds that had me blind It's gonna be a bright bright Sun-Shiny day . 
I am amazing , I am beautiful , I am smart , I am funny and witty , I am caring , I am sometimes bitchy , I am sometimes the last to get the punch line , I am silly , I am ME !!! Take it or leave it ! 
TOUGH\ 
GIRLS Come from NEW YORK , SWEET GIRLS Come from TEXAS , PRISSY GIRLS Come\ 
from CALIFORNIA , BUT We Cincinnati GIRLS Have Fire And Ice In Our \ 
Blood !! We Can Ride Four Wheelers , Be a < PROPFEMALE > , Throw Left hooks . \ 
PackHeat , Fish With The Boys , Bake A Cake , Love With A Passion , AND If \ 
...... We Have An Opinion YOU KNOW YOUR GONNA HEAR IT !! Re-Post If You're A \ 
Cincinnati GIRL :) ? HELL YEAH !!! 
? PlayTheMoments ?? PauseTheMemories ? StopThePain ?? RewindTheHappiness . * 
The next person to rain on my parade is getting smacked with my umbrella ! 
Ok so um , if you see the movie Case 39 , you may wanna wear a diaper cause you will probably pee your pants a little . Just sayin . 
Coffee is my drug ... Starbucks is my dealer ! 
So i used to think obama was like a < PROPMALE > , now i realize he is just the village idiot ! 
Omg i'm riding on the metro bus and i look over and see some crazy people on a short bus licking the windows , grabbing each others helmets and eating crayons . That bus has the name hurt written all over it . 
was once told that life is like a < PROPFEMALE > garden . God seems to pick the best ones . Today that feels true . R.I.P. Manny Love ya 
Women are like angels ; we fly with wings & when our wings break , don't worry , we can fly on a broom because we're versatile like that ;) 
If you could use one word to describe me , it would be ..... 
A strong woman believes that she`s strong enough to face her journey ... but a woman of strength has faith that it is in this journey that she will become strong 
Since the Pats are switching players , can I bring < PROPMALE > Bush to my team ;) 
I have multiple status disorder 
NOOOO , I am NOT the owl from < PROPMALE > Potter , so quit having me relay messages . F@%k you and have a nice day !!! 
Its ' 80's week . Everyone change their profile pic to one of them taken in the 1980's . Be a good laugh to see how we have changed .... for the worse .... or better !! Change your pic and repost this ** 
Omg i'm the mother of a TEENAGER as of today ! I love you < PROPMALE > , happy birthday ! 
It's funny how some family members can be unnecessary pieces to a puzzle . Gotta get rid of them so the correct pieces can fit together comfortably . 
Speaking out about the truth = loss of a mother , Standing up for what is right = gain of self pride , Admitting faults = burden off of shoulders , knowing you are more mature than your mother = PRICELESS !!!! 
You know what ? The old me would be running my mouth to those little unimportant people who don't matter , but I am the NEW < PROPFEMALE > . So all I am gonna say is peace out bitch !!! 
How can you hide behind Facebook and the words of your grandson ? Manny taught me to never talk back to my mom or hit her but I disowned you , so we can go toe to toe . I am not afraid of your mental or physical abuse anymore . 
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was , the present worse than it is , and the future less resolved than it will be” 
“You can't undo anything you've already done , but you can face up to it . You can tell the truth . You can seek forgiveness . And then let God do the rest . ” 
I feel like a < PROPFEMALE > among so many cubic zirconia !!! 
Watching \Teen Mom\ " on mtv.com Join me in chat : http://soc.li/4oyYEEb " 
Post this as your status to see what people love about you . \I love your ________ ??? \"" 
The complete lack of evidence is the surest sign that the conspiracy is working” 
Happy Sweetest Day to all my crazy family and friends ! :-) 
I am soooo not having a good day . Screw a cup of coffee , I need a keg of cheer . 
A woman's rule of thumb : if it has tires or testicles , you're going to have trouble with it 
lol ? u ? d ?? pu ? p ??? ?? uo ? u ? pu ?? s ?? ? ???? ?? po ? ? dd ?? ? u ?????? os ?? ? 
I guess i'm going to the dent schoolhouse tonight too . Pretty brave for a girl who jumps at her own shadow and covers her eyes during most of a scary movie . Think i'm gonna have to take out some life insurance on myself before i go . 
Ok so i lived through the haunted house , barely ! I screamed so much that my throat hurts . The scary people knew i was scared so messed with me hard . Blocking me and not letting me pass , pointing in my face and following me . Some scary chick even said i squeal like a pig lol 
Um two words , WHO DEY ! Enough said ! Defense is the shit ! 
Already got christmas presents chosen for the fam , marshmallows that don't marsh ! Thank god it's easy to buy for rednecks lol 
8 inches :( 
OK , I am alone and not only afraid of storms but also afraid of the basement where I have to go in case of a tornado . Do I get swept up by a tornado or smacked by a ghost ? hmmm 
I am the biggest chicken shit ever and even i didn't think paranormal activity 2 was that scary . There were some jump out of your seat moments but all in all , not that scary . I'm disappointed . 
Pippi Longstocking is coming into your town , a freckled faced red haired girl you oughta know , the one you'd like to be around ..... My random song for the day lol 
DANG !!! Just heard 3 gunshots outside and some dude got shot at the top of the street . WTF ??? Like maybe 500 feet away . 
People suck ! No consideration or respect for others . I try to open up and let people in and i just get hurt . Grrr so frustrating . 
Cousins are there as childhood friends , and are there when we are older as forever friends .... No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ! Repost if you ever had a cousin ( or cousins ) that makes you smile .... Cousins are awesome !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
my name is < PROPFEMALE > and im a recovering heo bag ..... lol you have now been hacked ! 
been hacked again ! hahahahahahahaha love ya hoe bag ! bffs for life ! 
My Name Is < PROPFEMALE > And Im A Cock Face 
OMG stop hacking me < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My name is < PROPFEMALE > and I lick butt lol 
UGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH STOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP 
Im a wiener face ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 
Paybacks are a mofo biotch 
My name is < PROPFEMALE > and I never learn my lesson lol . Im a wiener face . 
I had lunch with a ninja in my car cause that's how I roll 
My name is < PROPFEMALE > and I am let people pee on me 
My name is < PROPFEMALE > and guys take dumps on my chest 
I like alot of < PROPFIRST > 
IM a HO 
Im a dike 
$2 special on blow jobs today discount thursday im a prostitute 
Anyone have a corner I can use mine is out of order . Im a prostitute . Iveseen more seaman than the navy . Im A Ho 
Think I got the BEST NEWS EVER today , been a long time coming !!!!!! 
Tick tick tick ... waiting for a phone call today that could change my life !!!!! Nail biting time ! 
Sometimes good ole R&R is bad for you !!! 
Kids are so cute ... my 4 year old nephew is doing the pretty girl rock but saying don't hate him cause he's handsome lol 
No matter what you say or think , you are the one who is a non mofo factor !!! 
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah 
my name is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > kah ...... 
hello im special i can pee standing up ........ 
People make me sick when all they ever do is whine and want a pity party !!!! NO , the world does not revolve around you ! So fake that you don't even remember the real you . Sad when people only love you because it's a fake you . 
I don't understand how people can hear one side of a story and assume it's correct . There are always two sides . Some people are not as innocent as they seem , they are just great at hiding their fakeness . 
I love me and for anyone who doesn't , rotate !!!!!!!!! 
I love me and for anyone who doesn't , ROTATE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I got my wake up call today ... waiting to see if this news is devastating or life changing for the positive . Need prayers !!!! 
my name is < PROPFEMALE > and i like to eat sour worms ..... 
What you heard about me could be true , or it could be as fake as the @&*$% who told you !!! Old quote I know , but soooo fitting right now ! 
You say you are photogenic ? HA yeah , bald monkeys making kissy faces usually are !!! 
OMG i'm watching wizard of oz and damn it , < PROPFEMALE>'s house just landed on me lol 
All i can say is hakuna fricking matata !!!!! Like rafiki said , \it's in the past \"" 
GSP has got this in the bag !!!! 
Don't try to claim MY family as yours when you are no blood to them . You don't claim my dad as your dad so his family isn't your family ! Especially when you say the RAIDER'S aren't shit ! 
Happy mothers day !!!! Nothing like some mothers day bonding with < PROPMALE > and call of duty ! Lol 
Happy Birthday mom ! Love ya :) 
So things are looking up finally . < PROPFEMALE > must love me because i got my once in a lifetime ;) 
We are like peas and carrots :) 
Is thinking about someone special and my favorite boys of all , < PROPMALE > Raider , Doc and < PROPFIRST > and can't forget adorable Mr. Abes :) 
It doesn't make sense to me , that's why I trust it . 
Thanks for my wonderful day :) 
Not a good day ! I think i rolled off the wrong side of the bed into my pissed in wheaties . 
This day is getting better thanks to some pretty great people . Thanks :) < PROPMALE > , if you say ok THAN , i'm going to smack you with an english book ! 
Had the weirdest but scariest nightmare ever ... 6 tornadoes with fire on them coming at me and my family .... but it had a happy ending , the basement had internet lol 
I love you < PROPMALE > raider :) 
I am perfectly imperfect . I have flaws . If you truly love me then love me for who i am completely , not just pieces of me . 
It's about time my Mr. Right got here ! Dang , it took you long enough but i'm glad you finally showed up :) 
There is a female inmate on lockup that says dismembering a body is a low felony and people should try it .... WTF ????? 
Why do women lie to men to get money , a car , whatever they need then turn around and say they are independent ???? Go on somewhere with that ! 
Smh i just don't know anymore 
I need to start being a cold hearted bitch ! Can anyone train me how to do that ? Lol 
Missing someone isn't about how long it has been since you have seen them or the amount of time since you've talked . It's about that very moment when you're doing something and you wish that they were right there with you . 
Playing Call Of Duty : Black Ops with < PROPMALE > Raider 
Hopefully today is better than yesterday . Can't take no more BS . Day 1 of my cold hearted bitch transformation ! 
Too much stress has caused my blood pressure to rise which made my feet and legs swell and now i look like i'm walking on tree trunks ewwww ! No more stress for me ! I'm ignoring all bullshit and stupidity !!!!!! 
Change is never easy , you fight to hold on , and you fight to let go . 
welcome to facebook ! Where liars tell more lies , enemies are facebook friends , weak people turn into facebook gangsters , haters complain about haters and every person who talks about money aint got none . You can be who you wanna be when you're in the WORLD OF FACEBOOK !! have a nice day :) 
You couldn't stand the rain so while you are hiding under your umbrella , i'm dancing in the rain !!!!!! 
I just had the most disastrous dinner ever ! Got baby spilled all over my shirt , face and hair , I got my leg burnt by a steam cleaner ! I'm in pain and messy ! 
Wow ! < PROPMALE > was sleeping so hard that < PROPFEMALE > painted his toenails while he was sleeping lol now we all 3 match ! Sooooo pretty ! 
Does Mr. Right even exist ? All I ever seem to meet are Mr. Liar , Mr. Cheater , or Mr. Douche-bag . 
THIS IS SO SAD ... Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is no cure for stupidity and sympathy doesn't help . But together , we can raise awareness . 93% won't re-post this because they don't know how to copy and paste . 
While creating men , God promised women that a good and ideal man would be found in all corners of the world , then He made the earth round . 
