Life Of Recurring Disarray 

zombieland is a fucking epic movie on an epic scale of epic proportions ... i feel the need to say epic once more in this post ... wait ... 
balloon kid , where are you ? 
FUCKING FUCK FUCK !!! 
Sorry I'm French-Canadian I can say fucking shit and it doesn't mean much to me 
who else here is psyched for Congregation of the Damned ? 
Quick word of advice , never get between an 8 year old and his moonshine 
this number only exists in your imagination , please < PROPFEMALE > up and don't call back 
I wonder who thinks it's a good idea for me to say fuck Ohio and head down to Louisiana and start going to LSU , next semester ? 
This isn't me , this isn't you , but it's just everything we do till you open up your eyes and understand this isn't real 
\I'm pretty sure there are more minutes of porn online than there has been time in history \"" 
i don't understand my tv , i don't get FX normal , but i do get FX in hd ... this is shit 
I like Chopin myself Not me , thats probably why i don't play Chopin Never ? No Never If I die would you play Chopin in remembrance of me ? 
Tell me how does it feel to have a face like that ? How does it feel to be replaced like that ? Now so faceless do you still feel ? 
In Zoviet Ruzzia Zobriety Teztz you !!! 
With the exception of transformers 2 i believe that Shia LaBeouf is becoming a great actor , from a child craptor to a good adult actor . Everyone thought he couldn't do it at first yet through the years he has become a very good one indeed . I believe that soon he will be staring in a movie where he plays a police officer that has to deal with a bad mouthed < PROPMALE > black kid during a robot uprising . 
On a completely unrelated note , has anyone noticed how popcorn shrinks when you add butter to it , like my balls whenever i think of < PROPFEMALE > O'Donnell ... just saying 
what makes you think that it's so easy don't believe it will be so easy why the fuck would it be so easy why's it don't you say 
And in the daylight we can hitchhike to Maine I hope that someday I’ll see without these frames and in the daylight I don’t pick up my phone cause in the daylight anywhere feels like home 
Divided we stand , together we fall , there isn't a God that can save us all so don't prey on your knees , just beg on your hands , there is no belief in this promise land . 
should really work on his psych paper , really should ... 
A woman walked into a bar and asked the bartender for a Double Entendre . So he gave it to her ... GET IT 
Every Morning for a week now I've found myself driving before sunrise . I wanted to get lost in the dark , sip some coffee and listen to music while < PROPFEMALE > broke around me , gradually revealing a landscape I've never seen before . A chain of unique beginnings forcing wonder into the seeds of each new day . But i guess I need more willpower because each sunrise I found myself in your mom's apartment again 
I <3 Chicks with Ducks 
Do you know that a seasoned ninja knows seven different ways to turn a cat into an explosive device ? 
EAT A < PROPMALE > ' 44 ! 
most of what i do is smoke and mirrors , except for the lovemaking , baby 
I won't be there I won't do anything , no I won't , I won't be there to catch you if you fall , I won't be there , I won't do anything , no I won't , I won't be there to catch you God I wish I never met you 
Seriously , I'm flattered that you find me attractive and all but the staring is not ok . I know where you're coming from , sometimes if i glance at myself in the mirror i will get sexually confused , but the staring is a bit much 
just switched my language to pirate , and not ever going back matey ARRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!! 
And we'll march along , with our blindfolds on and we'll ride the rails , with our pistols drawn . Can the lord above , forgive what we've done ? Can we fight to save our souls ? 
Monopoly Boards are circular now people , CIRCULAR 
Man or woman , at the end of the day , we're all just animals tying to hump each other to feel emotionally validated . So what's with all the pretense ? 
Saw the vagina monologues last night , great stuff would recommend it to anyone ... guys just don't go without some chick , would've been really awkward without < PROPFEMALE > there 
No more a rake and no more a bachelor I was wedded and it whetted my thirst Until her womb start spilling out babies Only then did I reckon my curse Alright , alright , alright 
you can turn away like you don't even see me , you can smile and act like you got something I need , but every night you go home alone and dream about being underneath me 
Man I'd love to take her out to dinner 
This flow , Definitive , Make your throat hurt a gagged voice with no choice is so limited Hell yeah ! Come on Hell yeah ! It's on Bounce to the boom of the beat of the drum 
A Llama ? He's supposed to be dead 
sometimes , only sometimes , when I'm with you , alone , I wish you were someone else 
I walk in and see my brother , his girlfriend and my parents all sitting around laughing and I can't fucking wait to get out of Ohio , 4 more months ... God Dammit 
wants to see < PROPFEMALE > this Friday , anyone wanna come along ? 
We can hate each other , we can be down then fuck one another we can hold it up , then set it on fire life is sacrifice and you can be a martyr but it's more than I can stand when you're looking down on me cause I can't live up to you , that makes me incomplete I never wanted anything more so I'll just say good-bye and watch you walk out the door 
Happy Pluto is a planet day ! 
If you are given a take home exam , you will forget where you live 
The U.S. has never lost a war in which mules were used 
Exactly . 99% of men spank the monkey . The other 1% lie . 
You take the breath right out of me And left a hole where my heart should be You gotta fight just to make it through ' Cause I will be the death of you 
Alright class , If Rhianna is making 0 sandwiches per minute and mouthing off at 250 words per minute , and the number of times < PROPFIRST > Brown can punch her is a function ( X + 2 ) , if X is proportional to Rhianna's bitchiness . How much shit is beaten out of Rhianna ? Answer in units of Whoop Ass 
You had to have it all , well have you had enough ? You greedy little bastard you will get what you deserve , when all is said and done I will be the one to leave you in your misery and hate what you've become 
Long live the < PROPMALE > Motherfucker 
Why do chocolate bunnies smile ? do they not know their fate ? 
Hip hip hop make your body rock , slam raw raps and rhythms that make you pop lock . Hip hip hop on the non-stop take it up a notch and watch the beat drop . 
Are you biding your time with me waiting for someone better to come along ? If you are then I proved you wrong 
My Scyther could kick your Scyther's ass 
next time you are walking in a public place remember , 8 out of 10 people would torture the shit out of a puppy if a guy in a lab coat told them to . 
shelter me oh genius words just give me strength just to pen these things and give me peace to well her wings and oh < PROPFEMALE > on all your minstrels of the world we will catch our ladies ear we will win for us the girl 
Are you with me ? Are you with me ? 27 steps to you're front door , are you with me ? Are you with me ? I can't stand your face anymore , should've figured out then what you lose but it's too late to fix what's broken , are you with me ? Are you with me ? 27 steps and I'm gone 
YAY it's depressing comic week , my favorite time of the year 
Get down shake your booty baby , bootylicious vinyl coming , get down shake your booty baby , I love to watch your disco bounce 
nothing like a 6 day weekend 
< PROPFEMALE > Clinton : one of the most sexiest women with a mustache , just behind Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
life is about minimizing regrets 
You don't give a child self-esteem and expect them to do better in life , that's not how it works 
The other day , i woke up and realized it was 2 hours late for school . I\ 
rush to school , speeding most of the way . Right before i got there , i\ 
realized it was Saturday , no school . I proceeded to go home and enjoy\ 
the rest of the day . My friend later texted me to ask where a i was . I\ 
replied it was saturday and i was playing video games . He reminded me\ 
it was tuesday . 
excel saga , when crack just isn't enough 
LOOK AT DEM DOTS !!! 
If ten percent of men are gay and twenty percent of men are chinese , what are the odds that a man chosen at random spends his freetime and mealtime while on his knees 
Roses are red , \ 
Violets are blue , \ 
In Soviet Russia , \ 
POEM READS YOU !! 
Do you have any idea who you're talkin ' to ? Basically , I'm kinda a big deal . 
A still more glorious < PROPFEMALE > awaits not a sunrise , but a galaxy rise a morning filled with 400 billion suns the rising of the milky way 
good old Mississippi , nothing nowhere and we call it a state ... fucking Mississippi 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone , yea , Louisiana is great , weird thing is , it's cooler here than Cinci right now ... and no , I didn't get to eat a po-boy cake , but I did get a funeral cake , all y'all need to come down here at some point , it's pretty f'in sweet 
Somewhere , at this exact moment , someone's grandmother is trying anal for the very first time . 
The main thing I miss about RWC was the windows ... I find no solace here , along with the humidity , or lack thereof 
My eyes are now deaf from your excessive screaming 
Sometimes , I want to copy someone's status , word for word , just to see if they notice 
Bruised lips and the make-up tattooed hips and pierced for the sake of letting everybody know she don't belong here old tricks that she made up attitude I don't give a fuck for the sake of letting everybody know she says I won't belong so long 
you earned it , YOU EARNED IT SIR , WEAR IT ON YOUR GENITALS ? WITH PRIDE !!! 
purple and gold bitches 
us : fuck it's raining ; dude : no time like the present boys ; dude walks out and gets hit by a car 
When it's cold outside , am I here in vain ? Hold on to the night there will be no shame ; always I wanna be with you and make believe with you and live in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > oh love 
I remember the first time I lost the game , do you ? 
lately the only thing keeping me from becoming a serial killer is my distaste for < PROPMALE > labor 
GGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL 
Ya know , you're so luck to know me , I almost wish I were you , if I weren't me 
Ferris Bueller's Day Off : showing that incest is OK as long as nobody realizes it 
brought a scarf , feels prissy 
I love pissin people off , it's so easy some times ... 
All men dream , but not equally 
they jelous cuz I cute 
ITZ SO FLUFFY !!!!! 
Hi I'm hipster superman you probably haven't heard of me I'm pretty obscure 
found a rock today that looks like an egg 
Comes , with every girl I meet , a guy with whom I can't compete . 
HOLY SHIT , MY ROCK EGG JUST HATCHED INTO AN INTERDIMENSIONAL ALIEN ... WHAT DO I DO !?! 
Have I mentioned lately how awesome I am ? 
truly believes that Cattell based his entire theory around wanting to get laid 
Wouldn't it be nice if we could wake up in the morning when the day is new 
Yay ! It's Alexisonfire season 
anyone else's OCD act's up near the end of the quarter/semester ? 
getting mah baby fixed on Sunday , yay 
I believe that beauty magazines promote low self-esteem 
The secret of happiness is low expectations 
FYI , cramming demons into a tree MAY result in a demonic tree 
What will your verse be ? 
