new to facebook , hard to get used too ! 

going to go pass out ! 
wants to go snowboarding , damn living pretty far away !! 
is going to go to portland , packing up me and the dog !! yay ! over the mountain and threw the woods to megans house we go !! 
having fun in p-town !! going to stop in the grove to go visit with my grams .. lol !! but first , its off to petco ! < PROPFEMALE > needs some more TOYS !! 
work , work , work ... on lunch , then half way done !! :D then it's party time !! 
is lonely . 
thinks guys are sooooooooo sleezy !! there isnt a good one out there . 
had a good day !! went to cascade head , did'nt make it to the right trail , lol ! but over all it was a fantastic day !! :) 
work , work , work all day long !! 
wooo hooo ! the work is over ! now , if only the night were young !! 
Who , why , when , where , what ? And how ... sorry but not with that style ! I'm fond of fondling these tactless tactile .. Cats until they tapped out .. Put that down ... cause I put that down ! Yeah I do that there , Why you act scared ? Talkin bout ' who that there ' ... I'll knock ' em out ! If you ain't ship shape keep your shit shut !! ' Fore I shift shape , leave this shit shut !!! Closed up ... sucka get your pose up ! 
twilight = the GAYEST shit of my life !!!!!!!! WHOA !! not even real , and the acting sucks balls !! 
YAY !!! off work early !! 
Thug love on the corner by the walgreens , Lookin at me like I'm just another square saltine ! As I get closer I notice that they showing each other sketches Out of their notebooks , reminded me of my old roots .. -atmosphere 
alli have to say is ... LOOSER !!!! 
a psychic woman told me that i have 3 evil spirits surrounding me , they watch me while i sleep , and are trying to take over my life ... hmmm ... creepy !! 
needs to run to the store to get oj . the drink wont be complete without it !! 
is the new definition of the word LAME . 
what to do , what to do ?? nooooo work for 3 DAYS !!!!! ahhhhhh !!!! 
I wish I was little bit taller , I wish I was a baller , I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her ! I wish I had a rabbit in a hat with a bat .. And a ' 64 Impala !! 
fucking COLLLLD !!!!! 
Power to hoes who pound on a hose while playing in a pound of snow . I'm getting snow plowed , I KNOW ! It's time to fuck a guy now , I just applied blush and look surprised , but it's the way I plucked my eyebrows ! Time out , I'm in a tanning booth ... reading < PROPFEMALE > Steel , And I'm planting banana peels beneath every damn man's heel ! . -smoke and mirrors , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
going to go get my tattoo redone !! yipee !! 
Slob on my knob Like corn on the cob Check in with me , and do your job Lay on the bed , and give me head Don't have to ask , don't have to beg Juicy is my name Sex is my game Let's call the boys , let's run a train Squeeze on my nuts Lick on my butt The natural curly hair , please don't touch First find a mate Second find a place Third find a bag , to hide the ho face 
eh yo !! cavemen used to drag there women by the hair , cause if they drag them by there ankles , there cracks would fill with sand !! 
is bored as FUCCKKKK !!!! ughhh . losers ! 
being the dd for my parents , and having to work in the DELI tomorrow is so much fun !! 
must be a idiot .. i cant figure out how to log out .. i guess they want people to be on facebook forever !! 
alot of that stuff just wasnt around . it was all pretty much peaches and cream , you know , flowers . everythings nice , ignore all the bad stuff and , uh , the worlds just not like that . and i think the sooner people get to the point where they realize that the ugly stuff is just as important as the beautiful stuff .. it goes hand in hand , and i think we can all get on with evolving .. 
cant your car appointment be at a better time ? one that works around my sleep schedule ... that would be nice mom ! 
bllllaaaaahhhhhh ..... going to see the bio family REALLY chaps my ass !! 
Now are thoughts thou shalt not banish -- Now are visions ne'er to vanish -- From thy spirit shall they pass No more -- like dew-drop from the grass : The breeze -- the breath of God -- is still -- And the mist upon the hill Shadowy -- shadowy -- yet unbroken , Is a symbol and a token -- How it hangs upon the trees , A mystery of mysteries ! -- 
just bend me over a pic nic table wit no lube !! ( if i were a man ... C :) 
STOP ! shower time !! 
x-mas , when the ex's come back around ... and i kill them . 
ahhhhh ... work . 
yet another boring night ... love life ! 
spiders on my feet , worms underneath .. mud packed in my toes , bugs are taking over from below . 
oh gawd .. im getting too good at farmville ! and i am sooooo happy i dont work tomorrow !! yeessss !!! 
hates life ... in < PROPMALE > city !!! uggghhhhhh .... i need out of here !! stripping , here i come ! 
driving down the road , and out of no where .. BAM !!! a dildo ! 
OMG ! shandel lost her v card last night !!! whoa !!! 
my lfe is played out like a < PROPFIRST > curl ! time to die off .. 
' s jersey shore name : \the tight end \"" 
FUCK these hiccups !!!! 
You reject my advances , and desperate plea .. I won't let you , let me down so easily , so easily . You gotta spend some time -- love , you gotta spend some time with me . And I know that you'll find -- love , I will possess your heart ! 
Thinkin ' of you's workin ' up my appetite , looking forward to a little afternoon delight . Rubbin ' sticks and stones together makes the sparks ingite . and the thought of rubbin ' you is getting so exciting ! Sky rockets in flight . Afternoon delight . Afternoon delight ! 
* cough * cough * ... i think im getting the black lung < PROPFEMALE > ! * cough * * cough * * cough * 
one totaled cadi , a few bruises , and some pulled muscles ... yes .. i got in a wreck . im lucky though . 
I want your ugly ... I want your disease ! I want your everything , As long as it’s free ! I want your psycho , Your vertigo stick ! Want you in my rear window .. Baby you’re sick ! I want your love .. Love , love , love ! I want your love ! lady gaga is so sick ! 
a meaningless movement . a moviescript ending , And the patrons are leaving , leaving . Now we all know the words were true in the sappiest songs ( yes , yes ) . I'll put them to bed , but they won't sleep , they're just shuffling the sheets , they toss and turn , ( you can't begin to get it back ) . Passing through unconscious states . When i awoke i was on .. The onset of a later stage . the headlights are beacons on the highway . 
If you use the electric vibrator near water , you will come and go at the same time . 
Your Boobies Were Hairy , I Smelt Tuna Melt But I WasnT Gonna Worry . It Was 3 A.M. And I Wasn't Gettin ' Squat , So I Rolled You Up In Flour And Aimed It For The Wet Spot ! I Was Buttering Rolls Like A Soup Kitchen Christian . Then It Hit Me Something Bit Me While My Little < PROPMALE > Was Fishin ' I Was Deep Sea Fishing I Took A Fat < PROPMALE > , But How Was I Supposed To Know That Jabberjaws Lived In Your Pants ? 
wishes life was all peaches&cream and flowers . 
Varoom , motherfucker boom boom ! A whole block of green lights , freak zoom zoom ! < PROPFIRST > Andretti with Blowjob < PROPFEMALE > . Pedal to the metal when your ridin ' with the devil ! Did just that at In-n-Out Burger , No pickles , no onions , no playin'! Check this out no delayin'! 
they say leather is mainly for perverts . Dont know why . i think its very practical , actually . I mean , you can spill anything on it and it just whipes up . i suppose that could be why the perverts like it . 
< PROPFEMALE > ; A Very lovely girl . She loves being hyper , And Get's Horny Often . All < PROPFEMALE>'s are unique and will GET WHAT THEY WANT OUT OF A GUY . She forces sex . She loves to party and have a good time . Mostly all < PROPFEMALE>'s are beautiful , and may look all innocent and sweeet , but almsot everyone is not a virgin . urban dictionary 
i feel like projectile vomiting up babies .. yes , i ate babies . 
It goes one for the bar tap , two for the shine . Go to your car , and do another line ! Barely trust them , their all puppets . love is nothing scared of success ! One for the bass , two for the drums . Last call gonna take whatever comes . 
eggs arent the only good source of protein . 
It makes your teeth more white child . 
sick of creepers creepin on me . if i dont know you , its simple . FUCK OFF ! 
its like a lazer light show is going on out of the right side of my right eye .. WTF ? i dont remember seeing < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
Oooohhhhh joy !! Court today ! hopfully they arrest me . 
Now my dog is so fresh and so clean , CLEAN ! 
AHHHH !! too early .. no coffee . zombie day ! 
And what am I gunna be doin for a while ? said I'm gunna play with myself !! 
is putting it in your butt , in your butt . 
Is not receiving enough affection , Gonna get me a silicon injection . Fulfill my dreams , bust outta my seams !! -NOFX 
I'm a curse and i'm a sound , When I open up my mouth , There's a reason I don't win , I don't know how to begin . 
I've been here so long , I think that it's time to move . The winter's so cold , summer's over too soon . Let's pack our bags and settle down ... near < PROPMALE > grove ? 
Dear Vagina , Are you there ? 
Ill see you in my dreams .. < PROPMALE > Buscemi of course ! 
Before i die my breasts will no longer be flammable . 
i wish i could shit solid gold . Id be a millionaire and have a REALLY sore ass ... as if i dont have a sore ass anyway . 
every time i inhale it smells like penis . my nose MUST have been raped . 
i hope that someday i can eat clam chowder with out thinking of vaginas .. it has muscles , smells slightly fishy at times , has a white , creamy base .. and it never fails to find a hair ! 
so happy i didnt get the double quarter pounder .. i just dont know if i could handle that much pounding ! 
misses her bitch wayyy too much !! 
sick , no one to take care of me , and im still cleaning the new duplex ... just cause i want my dog here NOW ! 
if i say god dammit any more today , i think i just might appear in hell . 
YAWN .... * cough * * cough * * cough * dammit ! not again , happens everytime i open my mouth ! 
smothering my face in a pillow and screaming always helps ! 
\this is the sound of settling \"" 
just milk me like a god damn dairy cow .. make my nipples all chafed , swollen , and bloody ! 
fuck my head and my sickness .. i mean fuck me in the head and fuck the shit out of my sickness ? 
had some well needed one on one time with the shower . now its time to turn off the lights ... and SLEEP !!!! 
taking a nap is kinda like doing crack ... when will i be able too sleep ? 
but if you could hide beside me , maybe for a while . and i wont tell no one your name . 
walked outside with no pants on this morning , and got in the shower with my socks still on ... good job < PROPFEMALE > ! 
lovers hold hands in never-opened novels . 
i want < PROPMALE > and jerrys cupcakes !!!!!! :(( 
hmmmm ... someone was watching a movie channel earlier . now its porno .. who could that be ? 
indulging in a peanut butter with twist ice cream milk shake .. YESSS !! 
Come here rude boy , boy Can you get it up Come here rude boy , boy Is you big enough Take it , take it dirty rihanna .. very dirty . 
a face without freckles is like a sky without the stars . 
life is full of ups , and downs .. ill just try too have more ups . 
5 stuopid bitch beers down . wheres my vodka when i need it ?? 
life and sex are a lot alike .. it just wouldn't be complete without having rough moments , and sometimes getting fucked in the ass . 
taking 2 large spoons , shoving them under the burners on my range cranking it up to high heat , wait .. wait .. wait .. now there glowing .. time to scoop out my eye balls like a chunk of grapefruit and go too bed .. 
UGGGHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
then i break that thing down an do tha burd ! 
is spending wayy too much time with her unappreciative hand lately .. i wish we could just break up but when no ones around , and the batteries are dead the hand is still kickin ! 
Under your black eyes , < PROPFEMALE > . Right beneath your nose , A curse on all creation . Every single thing you know . White smoke , white light , white marble on the floor .. It would only take a few seconds of darkness to figure out what's in store , Little girl . 
well .. since your not around ill fuck myself in the ass .. with my big toe . do a scorpion right in the butt .. yea ... 
off too the family dinner ! 
whhaaa whhaaa whaaaa whhaaa whhhhaaaaaa ... 
hey little boy come over here ! why ? cause your parents didn't teach out well , and i have otter pops ! 
is breaking shit . 
11:11 make a wish .. 
my life is so excited i should tape it , and make a hit reality TV show ! 
F.U.C.K. ____ 
Kiss but don't tell , and if you ever do that will be the last time i'll take you too the heavy petting zoo . We can dry hump until the cows come home , Round up the cattle while i treat my rug burn to cauliflower love burn , Son ya heard ? Branches out in ever which way , And lubrication comes from what your lips spray ! 
laaaa-diie daahh .. going to apply at Fantasy ! :) 
Blah , Blah , Blah ! 
You keep your distance with a system of touch , and gentle persuasion . I'm lost in admiration , could I need you this much ? Oh , you're wasting my time , you're just , just , just wasting time .... Something happens and I'm head over heels , I never find out till I'm head over heels . Something happens and I'm head over heels .. Ah , don't take my heart , don't break my heart , Don't , don't , don't throw it away ! 
Really , really wants too paint .. but there is no paint . damn 
uugghhhh . my throat is so swollen ! I cant eat , drink , or even swallow my spit ! shouldn't have jinxed myself ... \I wont get sick \"" 
Women , listen to your mothers . Don't just succumb to the wishes of your brothers , Take a step back , take a look at one another . You need to know the difference ... Between a father and a lover .. 
These fragile bodies of touch and taste . This vibrant skin , this hair like lace . Spirits open to the thrust of grace . Never a breath you can afford to waste .. When you're lovers in a dangerous time ... Sometimes you're made to feel as if your love's a crime . Nothing worth having comes without some kind of fight , Got to kick at the darkness till it bleeds daylight 
has to tackle cleaning house .. i may have said that a few times already . hopefully it gets taken care of . 
I'm trying but its all that I can do , I'm reaching but the rest is up to you . 
time to put on the dogs rain coat , and take her for a potty walk .. yay ! 
mmmmmmm , the taste of mister salty lingers in my mouth . 
whoa ! sleeping with a blind fold on is dangerous . you put it on at 8 and dont wake up till 2 ! got called into work ! yay ! 
Portland , Portland , Portland . 
new nightmare on elm street sucked ASS , of course . called it ! 
note to self bactine and hairspray will kill a spider .. its slow but efficient . 
i broke my dryer .. and my sheets are still wet , along with some of mt towels . damn ! 
well i was sitting , waiting , wishing . 
Aly , walk with me in the summer . Aly , walk with me . Aly , walk with me in Portland . Aly , walk with me . Aly , walks with me in my dreams , So strange and true . Can I walk with you in Portland , Walk next to you .. Aly , step right out of my head , And kiss me goodnight . Aly , walk with me in my dreams , All through the night . 
If only I could trust a living , breathing soul .. Perhaps dead ? Yes . Very dead . 
was hit on 4 times within 15 mins while riding the bus , good old trimet ! the last was a tranny , it was the < PROPFEMALE > on top ! 
I think I feel pink eye starting to contaminate my eye ... Dammit !! 
I was told the other day that sperm is no longer needed for a woman to reproduce . Apparently they can take two eggs , combine them and make a baby . I dont know how much i trust my resource . But ! If this is possible , totally doing it with two of my own eggs . ILL HAVE A MINI ME ! 
Monday , you can hold your head . Tuesday , Wednesday stay in bed , Or Thursday - watch the walls instead . It's Friday , I'm in love ! Saturday , wait ! And Sunday always comes too late . But Friday , never hesitate .. 
I want you to want me . I need you to need me . I'd love you to love me . I'm beggin ' you to \bang\ " me ! " 
your a jerk ! ( i know ) your a jerk ! ( i know ) 
It hurts , but I never show this pain you’ll never know . If only you could see just how lonely , and how cold , and frostbit I’ve become .. my back’s against the wall , When push come to shove , I just stand up and scream “Fuck ‘em all” 
Hopefully all this rain makes for a awesome night ! 
nice face , it would look better on my wall . 
My skin is so itchy from tanning .. And no one is around to put the lotion on the skin ! I guess they'll get the hose again ! A big , think , lumpy one ! Damn < PROPFEMALE > , why cant you have thumbs !!?? 
i bet she cant wiggle like that with a < PROPMALE > in her ! 
i totally fixed my bike chain by myself . havent had to do that since i was like 10 lol ! now time to taaannnnn 
I don't really care where you live at . Just turn around boy , let me hit that . Don't be a little bitch with your chit chat , Just show me where your dicks at ! 
uuuhhh ... what an interesting day . its all just a haze . i feel yucky . 
waking up to the sound of children yelling , and playing for the past 3 mornings makes me want to kill everyone of them , and < PROPFEMALE > them up to dry .. you dumb kids have NOTHING important to talk about , and most certainly nothing worth yelling . bitches . 
Wishes someone with a lot of money would hit me with there nice car . Maybe break a leg , or hip or something , I've never broken a bone so this seems like a good way to do it .. and I can sew them ! 
communication 
Don't lose any sleep tonight , i'm sure everything will end up alright . You may win , or lose .. But to be yourself is all that you can do .. 
FUCK YOU you piece of shit ! 
loves getting 2 and a half hours of sleep ... i was supposed to get 8-9 when i went to bed ... FUCK YOU ! 
It leave never would you , you show could I if .. 
Is very , very anti-social ... 
If you love somene let them go ... if there love was truly yours they will come back .. if they dont it never was .. 
It's all about the he said , she said , bullshit ! 
I'm from the bay , we don't open up doors , we just open up our palm and slap the shit outta hoes , oh ! 
Life is so boring , it's really got me snoring .. I'm wearing out the flooring in a cheap motel . But I don't have to work , and I might be sinning but I never have to listen to the rings of school bells . Do , do , do-a , do , do , do , do , do , do-da-do-do 
is tatted up . :) 
ugghh ... time too shower , and go back too work ! at least i have a kick ass job . 
Another two days off . what to do , what to do ... CLEAN !!! Ugh . 
And i’ll take my clothes off , and it will be shameless . Cause everyone knows that’s how you get famous . I’ll look at the sun , and I’ll look in the mirror . I’m on the right track yeah I’m on to a winner 
kick's em to the curb unless they look like Mick Jagger 
I'll never be yours again , because you were never fully mine to begin with . 
sold about 9,500 dollars worth of merch last month .. #1 for our store !! :) now im just pissed i didnt hit 10,000 ! 
just spent about 5 mins trying to figure out how to fold the hot pockets crisp and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ing case .. win 
the youth is starting to change , are you ? \ 
starting to change ... 
Went to the river , rode a quad a little bit , and shot 2 birds today . Some redneck fun ! 
Some are like water , some are like the heat . Some are a < PROPFEMALE > , some are the beat . Sooner or later they all be gone , Why don't they stay young ? 
Croc's and skinny jeans makes for the WORST combination ever .. why people , why ? 
Is going coastal ! 
I think you need to close yo mouth , Cuz you aint gon tie me down , tie me down ! 
\are you wet ? \ " \ " I'm so wet my P **** is practically riding a pantie slip'n slide ! \"" 
is sooooooooooo bored !!! 
Today is a rough day , but in the end we just have to smile , and remember the good times .. Thats what you would want . Rest in peace Zak , you will never be forgotten .. 
Cant believe I have to miss Zak's memorial service ...... 
Did a $1680.60 sale today ! Insane !!! 
We live our life in our own way , Never really listened to what they say , The kind of faith that doesn't fade away .. We are the true believers !! 
Is very , VERY happy i get to go to Zak's memorial service .. On one hand I'm looking forward too it in a way , on the other I'm just plain scared , sad , and nervous . 
Is enjoying her life . 
Noooooooooo !! I don't want to go to work . I just want too quit , and be a Gypsy , travel the world with no worries .. Every day would be a new adventure ! 
Just The Tip ? 
It's not that I don't like you , I just don't want to speak . You fuckin ' freak .. Now keep your days out of my week . 
Standing there with nothing on , She's gonna teach me how to swim .. 
Don't be mad once you see that he want it , If you like it then you shoulda put a ring on it .. 
I will cut your wrist off and F**k you in the A ** with it .. Don't think you'll be getting that shit back to get it surgically attached either , I'm burning that shit as a every day reminder of how I owned you . 
All around me are familiar faces .. Worn out places , worn out faces ... Bright and early for their daily races , going nowhere ... Going nowhere . 
enjoys how my grandpa was hitting his hammer to the beat of lady gaga .. maybe one of the only times i liked my grandpa hammering , or lady gaga . 
Love Is The Sweetest Curse . It's tattooed on my ribs for a reason .. 
Hey mister collie man Why don't you come round no more .. Hey mister collie , collie man don't you hear me troubled call . 
Loves her mommy , and baby brother !! 
I pull tricks for a fix , and tonight I got flows for hoes with low self esteem , and more for those who swallow protein .. 
muthafucka I'm ill .. 
