Happy New Year ! 

That's a lot of snow . 
is listening to WOW 2010 ! In the hands of God dum dum dum de dum . 
Boredom has one in class < PROPFIRST > must retreat and nap . 
< PROPFIRST > Lyon just defied gravity and lost . 
I am freeeeee ! No class today ! 
I'm still rockin , I out rock you all . 
Gabe is the master of Pac-man ! 
I caught a cold from saturdays concert , Gabe is irritated . 
I am Link the pirate samurai . umm cough cough ( wasn't cool enough to be a ninja ) 
Sleeping all I can sleep . 
College is Haaaard ! Well kind of . 
I took it to the streets today and ( dramatic pause ) had , pizza . Yeah street fest stinks . 
ha ha ha , ha ha ha , ha ha ha ho he he ha , hey ! 
I'm happy . Feeling good loving God but It's COLD ! 
I'm inside staying warm and drinking apple cider . 
Parkour ! 
Well good night sweetheart . Now all I need is a cigar . 
Wait that didn't sound right . 
Glad for cold pizza when you're hungry before bed . Good Night everyone . zzzzzzz ... burp , zzzzzzz ... 
I am freeee to run . 
I'm on top of the world , woah , aaahhhhhhhhhhhh splooch . 
I just got back from helping circulate information to the community about Windham Bible Traing Center . I am a graduate and would recomend it to everyone . It's for all ages not just for college level or young people . Open house Sunday , September 27th from 5:00 to 6:10 . Come ! 
< PROPFIRST > is frustrsted with college project on a stupid online program that doesn't Work ! 
< PROPFIRST > is victorious yet again . Wah hah hah to you school . Yeah I'm doing pretty good . 
I just woke up , to sleepy to think offf Oh , pop tarts ! 
< PROPFIRST > has got his Achmed on . Silence !, I Kill You . 
I need to go to sleep . Where's my math teacher when I need him . 
At home listening to kutless . God is good . 
Write a paper I must , but Bored am I . Talk like Yoda for awhile I will . Hmmm ? 
Awesome group prayer this morning , the nursing home went well and I ate well at a cookout . Now I just need to do my homework . 
I get down , He lifts me up . I get down , He lifts me up . I get down , He lifts me up . Every time I'm down the Lord lifts me up ! Yeah ! Be at the open house tomorrow people . 
Good Night ! I Love this town . 
Just got home from church and is now eating potato chips . Bad day for a picnic , oh well . 
Gabe conquers homework , Raaaaaa . 
I forgot my first homework assignment today . Fun . 
God is good , homework is of the devil . 
I'm going to be taking my first math test today . I've already got a hundred on my first math quiz . 
Swing low , sweet chariot , coming forth to < PROPFEMALE > me home . If this song is based off of < PROPMALE>'s ascension than it's inaccurate . < PROPMALE > went up in a whirlwind . So it should be , Come forth , oh whirlwind , take me up and whisk me on home !!!!!! 
I woke up 10 minitues before a 9:00 class . Ahhhhhhh ! 
IT'S STUPID COLD ! 
I feel good . It's a wonderful day for pie . 
Good night all . May the force be with you . 
Why did the chicken cross the road ? Because I ordered it to go . Me eat chicken . 
Going to school , who knows , I may never return . 
I'm alive and it's all because of Jesus . No school tomorrow ! 
I like summer , it's to cold . 
Want hot dog . 
Some people I don't care for ; < PROPFIRST > Moore , Kanye West , and < PROPFIRST > Sandler . Pray for them people . Good night folks , this is Gabe signing off . 
Rain ... 
Abegay ustmay inishfay omeworkay . Que ? 
Procrastinating , homework due tomorrow . 
Help me ! Homework , its everywhere ! 
< PROPFIRST > stomped , trashed , destroyed , obliterated , took down , and totally annihilated his homework . Thank God , literally . 
Poppin ' n Lockin ' . 
< PROPFIRST > is now stating the obvious . I'm typing now . 
Drip Drop . 
FREEEEEEEEE ! 
Nood Gight ! Sloing to geep . 
I'm hungry ! I guess it's ..... PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME ! 
I Love Jesus ! 
We have overcome by the blood of the lamb and the word of our testimony . We've already won ! 
Writing college essays are tiring . 
< PROPMALE > Rangers : Reaching , teaching , and keeping boys for Christ ! 
Shout Shout Let It All Out ! 
I am not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ . It is the power of God ! 
I'm just chilling in the heat . 
God's going to move in todays service . 
Just another poo flinging day in the jungle . 
I gave my best with my homework . It's no longer in my hands . 
Compare/contrast essay . Ugh . I'm going to ask < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > if I may interview them . Don't laugh . 
Tired , going to bed . Good night . 
I didn't get to go to Buels Orchard this year . 
Contemplating my life , school , and of course food . 
God is good no matter what . Homework you're going down ! 
I can sing like a rockstar in the shower . 
Cry me a freakin ' river . 
Get it on , yeah , get it on , get it on . 
I go to bed now . 
Cold and rain go together like cinnimon and dill . 
Snow ! Yay ! let's go out and play ! Oh , um , I mean yuck the streets are uh , bad now . Yeah . 
I'm probably the only one up now , but I'm satisfied with my homework . Only now I want to rip it up ... anyway , Good Night ! 
Fo shizzle . What's your dizzle . Wafffffffles ! 
is worshiping God ; How is everyone else doing ! 
I'm up and I'm going back to bed . 
I think I did badly in today's Quiz . I'm a not a good Tes t-t aker . 
Penguins ! 
It's a new < PROPFEMALE > , It's a new day , It's a new life ! and ..... I'm feeling good . 
I killed Mr. Body with knife , in the conservatory . Can anyone disprove me ? 
POPPIN & LOCKIN , TRIPPIN & TRAMPIN , AND SOCKIN & BOPPIN All at once ! Oh Yeah . 
is . 
Yes ! I got an 88% on my essay rough draft . 
Math < PROPFEMALE > th < PROPFEMALE > th < PROPFEMALE > th ; < PROPFEMALE > th < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > th < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > th ! Hah ha hah ! God is good ! 
God is awesome ! My life is a love song of his greatly miraculous power . 
Two are better than one ; a cord of three strands is not easily broken . A shout out to my friends and God the Holy Spirit . 
..... 
Is everyone still asleep ? Rise and Shine ! 
In the named of Jesus ; I refuse to except colds , the flu , or any of their symptoms . How about you ? 
Listening to Skillet , YEAH ! I'll be watching the Yankees first World Series game later on tonight . It's time to put the rest of the league back in their place . GO YANKEES ! 
is going to sleep . Not in vain do I rest ; He gives to His beloved even in their sleep . 
is ready for tomorrow . Church is a good thing . 
I feel overwhelmed by all my homework . Thank God I am overwhelemed by Him ! Through Him I overwhelmingly conquer because of his love . 
I gots math test tomorrow . I will now has cheesburger . 
I'm going to give a hundred percent to get a hundred percent on my math test . Narnia ! This Is Sparta ! Yeaaaaaaaaaah ! 
< PROPFEMALE > on sale had to much but I couldn't just let it sit there . Sugar High ! What do you want to do ? What do you want to do ? What do you want to do ? What do you want to do ? 
is la cucka racha-ing . 
Relentless ! The homework keeps on coming ! Did that sound dramatic enough ? 
sys Aloha ; Hello and Goodbye ! 
I say taco you say taco . Taco Taco ! 
I AM TIRED OF HEARING < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > SONGS ! I'm not speaking ill of the dead , but the SAME SONGS just keep getting played over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over ................................................... AND OVER ! 
I eat panqueques tomorrow at the lions club . Comprende ? 
Dance to the music ! I got the moves ; I can finally do the hard ones too ! 
I'm in class waiting for my teacher ........ 
Easy class assignment today . Yes ! 
Altoid ? 
Do I miss < PROPFIRST > ? Shmaybe . 
has a Love that is so real ; a Love that saves . 
had an awesome time at the Regioncy Health Center nursing home . God still heals today ! 
is choppin broccoli ! 
loves watching Law & Order . Da Da Da Da Da ! 
wants his goo gah . 
is chillaxing and is temporariliy stopped doing that annoying thing called thinking . 
Has anyone ever used Microsoft Access before ? 
is dead . 
has his amigo montoya on . You killed my father ! Prepare to die . 
is zer hungrig . 
is wondering where his freaks at . Where my Jesus FRRREEEEAAAAKKKSSS ! 
is all in with no plan B , no turning back . 
is in the mood to complain about reality tv . X factor you fail . Survivor fail , American Idol semi-fail . 
is up . 
is going to bed . Hear's wishing you happy dreams of Ice Cream ! 
likes recyclops . 
is staying alive , rolling down the river , and rock and rolling all night . 
wants to talk about < PROPFEMALE > Wars ! Did you know that Chewbacca is in a life debt with < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > saved his life ; why els would chewie stick around ? 
is wondering what your stances on gay marriage are and why . 
is not going to play farmville ever . 
is rejoicing in the faithfulness of almighty God ! Wake up sleepy heads ! 
rain . 
Blessings shall be showered on them who rebuke sin fearlessly . Proverbs 24:25 ( Living Translation ) 
is in the mood for food . 
ehhhhhhh . 
is the Sheep . MUST ... STAY AWAY ..... FROM THE ... OX . 
is full . Uhhhh . How was your TG . 
is going to Chucky Cheeses tomorrow . Man I was just recovering from flu symptoms . 
has left the building . 
has finally finished his last essay of the year . 
wishes he could be doing something fun and interesting right now . 
is with Jesus now . 
is back on facebook . I can't wait to see the Sherlock Holmes movie soon ! 
Blibity blabity , blibity blubity . 
Alive Alive Alive Forevermore ! My Jesus is Alive ! 
is waiting for money to fall down from the sky ; until then must keep looking for a job . 
is glad he didn't have to pull an all nighter for a final like < PROPMALE > ! 
Freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Finals are over and < PROPFIRST > has triumphed . 
Joy Joy Joy Jesus Jesus Jesus ' nuff said . 
is thinking about the discussion he had a little while ago about the importance of thinking before you put something on facebook . 
It has come to my attention that < PROPMALE > Wear has gone to be with the Lord . This is accurate information so please be praying for < PROPFIRST > and Family . 
is looking forward to tonights service . 
Riddle me this ! What is it that nobody wants to have but nobody wants to lose ? 
is feeling alive all over again ! 
is so glad the joy of the Lord is his strength . 
will be getting his hair cut tomorrow . 
is in his groove today . Hellooooooooo World ! 
is sorry and will finish , but Beyonce had the best facebook status of all time . 
just saw the book of < PROPMALE > , and I must say it was very good . The movie was rated R for a reason , but the symbolism in the movie was incredibly good and straight forward . 
is putting up with crap ; it stinks . 
is currently chillaying around waiting for class . I can't wait for church tonight . 
is experiencing a lot of < PROPFEMALE > vu . Boo . 
Snow never felt so good . I do miss the service we woud've had to tonight . 
is up and at ' em as opposed to down and against us . 
is down and gloomy ..... PSYCH ! 
is seriously being unserious about the seriousness of the unserious ; unscramble that ! 
loves the new bacon and bleu burger at Wendys . 
is wondering if he was the only guy who thought that guitarist was weird last night ? 
It twas a good saint patties day and smooth thick shamrock shake . 
is being very , redundant , repititious , and repetitive . 
is going to enjoy another beautiful day ! 
I Love < PROPMALE > Rangers ! 
is the swordmaster and is currently the < PROPMALE > of the hill . 
has defeated the last level in school but still needs to face the boss . 
Today is the day that we go shopping for clothes for < PROPFIRST > ; he's going to look FABULoooUS ! 
2 Chronicles 21:15 
is writing a status on facebook . 
is hanging tough , standing firm , and having an all out blast . ( IHOP helped ) 
is resting peacefully after a big weekend ; it was sure fun ! 
is playing that funky Jesus music ! 
is enjoying this incredibly gorgeous day ! I want to have some fun outside . 
Hmmmmm , Bacon . The disguiser of hardly recognizable beef . It's grease brings release and it's dishes make peace . Put it on a pizza and no other topping will be quite as sweet . Happy Bacon Day ! 
Does anyone else feel like flying monkeys have been following them recently ? 
I am ready for school ! I am gonna kill Biology ! Errrr um wait that didn't sound right . 
is being a little to literal lately . Literally ! 
After swimming , basketball , and a TFK concert , I'm ready to catch some z's . Homework tomorrow though ' sigh ' . 
Philosophy and Biology don't mix to well . I had to have the bright idea to do them both this semester . 
is going \All Out\ " tonight . " 
uh ... I'm not sorry 
I feel a need for speed ! P.S. If your first thought was drugs and not something athletic then shame shame shame . 
Chumba lumba chumbadey * Bam * aaaaah hisss aaaaah hisss aaaaah hisss aaaaah hisss aaaaah hisss aaaaah hisss aaaaah 
is singing in the rain ! 
has all of next Tuesday of from school ! Party ? hmmm . 
is determining whether determinism is the way to determine the way my paper will be determined . 
I think I know where Cotton Eye < PROPFIRST > came from ! Does anyone know where he went ? 
I wanna be in the light as you are in the light . 
Is starting to wonder why all of the photos of myself catch me with my head looking downwards . 
is saying he is going to sleep but probably won't for a couple hours . 
\I'm alive ! I'm alive ! I can feel you all around me ... holding on to what I'm feeling ... \ " It's so amazing that I can enter into God's and worship Him even in the privacy of my room . It is such an encouragement and a reminder that he is with me for when I don't feel that He is . " 
does anyone really like veggie burgers ? really ? 
is playing possum . 
shhhhhh ! I'm hiding . 
Crazy night ! I think I pulled every muscle in my body . 
is feeling very purplish . What be this strange phenomena . 
is intrinsically cool ! 
doesn't care if this seems cliche ' ; I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me ! Can do I can do it ! 
will not be staying up for election results . 
A husband got home at night , and his wife demanded that he take her some place expensive ... so , he took her to the gas station . \ 
\ 
And that's when the fight started .... 
used water gun ! 
Do you want to know what sin is ? Sin is simply not walking in Love . 
used flamethrower ! 
is going to be studying the respiratory and circulatory systems as well a working math problems for Pre-Calc . weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
papa cheetah's proud of you ! 
says get up of of that that thing ! 
Kids that hunt , fish , and trap don't mug little old ladies . 
\El queso está viejo y ? pútrido . ¿Dónde está el sanitario ? \"" 
waddle waddle ! 
Is doing a speech on small businesses . Mind numbingly boring ! 
Bless the Lord oh my soul and all that's with in me bless his holy name ! 
then I saw your face . Just a glimpse of your face and my whole world changed . 
A man tokk his wife to a restaurant . The waiter , for some reason , took his order first . ' I'll have the strip steak , medium rare , please . ' He said , ' Aren't you worried about the mad cow ? '' Nah , she can order for herself . ' And that's when the fight started ..... 
is really looking forward to the movie \The Warrior's Way . \"" 
is gonna eat turkey ' till he can't eat no more . 
wants a lot of joyness to the world . 
I am Iron Man ! 
can you feel it ? can ya can ya ? huh huh ? bet u can ! 
Time for christmas profile pictures ! 
God is going to mighty miraculous works that I don't even know of yet in the nursing home ministry tomorrow ! Not because of my great teaching but because our team hears and obeys what the spirit is saying . When I mean miraculous I mean MIRACULOUS ! Join in agreement and be a part of the blessing . 
< PROPFEMALE > ears ! 
I Love Jesus because of all He is because He Loves me 
... and don't trample the pansies ! 
Get off my plane ! 
is eatin ' meat ! 
360 Kickflip to Boneless ! 
for customer service press 1 
GUNS ! < PROPMALE > is the man ! 
_ w _ _ld l_k_ t_ b_y _ v_w_l ! 
is into Jesus ! 
Is feelin ' sore from an awesome workout ! 
where there is faaaaaaaith ! There is a voice calling ... 
I get a kick out of you . ( You know who you are . ) 
is happy that he has kept his awesome GPA ! 
insists that cooties exist ! I can feel them . 
Why are all my friends movie snobs ! 
is in the house ! 
will soon be having sweet dreams of cinnamon , caramel , cocoa , and coffee . ( not all at once I hope . ) 
SNOW ! 
has bought his books for this semester . Classes start Tuesday ! 
I didn't know you could choke eating snow . 
< PROPMALE > thou greedy of Filthy Lucre ! 
has anybody seen my hairbrush ? 
Love is the final fight ! 
just had a good 2 minute laugh ! AHHHHHHHHH feels good . 
snow equals work ; work equals tired , but at least I got money ! 
If doesn't have it's not a monkey even if it has a monkey kind of shape . 
is the two time champion of flag stealing ! 
is working on his Spanish skillz ! 
Can I get a shout for the Reformation ! 
There ain't no bowl like a Super Bowl ! 
can has cheezburger ! 
threw his left over brick in the air . 
freeeeeeeeeee ! All I have to do now is make sure I am fully prepared for my Sunday teaching . 
Oh how he Loves us ! 
is studying a romance language on the day of luv ! 
< PROPFIRST > cracks corn and I do care . 
I will testify to Love . 
is in support of real marriage ; it is between a man and a woman ! 
Why is < PROPFIRST > shouting ? 
Deu 28:1 And it shall come to pass , if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the LORD thy God , to observe and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day , that the LORD thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth : \ 
Deu 28:2 And all these blessings shall come on thee , and overtake thee , if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God . 
The Lord is my confidence firm and strong and he keeps my feet from being caught in any trap or hiddenn danger . 
is going to nail his Spanish test ! 
is irritating , awkward , pathetic , boring , fake , overwhelming , unbelievable , sensual , and trustworthy . 
is Loving God and loving life ! 
Por que ?! Why must I have a test tomorrow ? It's relentless ! 
is glad God Loves him ! 
is really enjoying this gorgeous day ! 
My zombie apocalypse team : Trever Primus , Ben-Beth Gilmore , < PROPFEMALE > Heald , < PROPFEMALE > Perrin , and < PROPFIRST > DeMarco ... I'm dead . 
is going to be leaving for youth group soon and , is glad he doesn't have school on his mind because it's SPRING BREAK ! 
< PROPFIRST > ! 
Is listening to < PROPMALE > Wear preaching CD's , and let me tell you church , you ain't seen nuttin ' yet . Thank you God for the time you gave me with him . 
Oh happy day happy day ! You washed my sin away ! 
WAAAAAZ UUUUUUUPPP ! 
