works in 4 hours and 10 minutes ... man o ' man i need to go to sleep . 

Lost just became one of my new favorite shows . 
why is the spell check on my computer set to french ? 
loves the rain ! its going to be a good day =) 
listening to JamisonParker ... 
is having problems with microsoft excel ... arghh 
is taking lots and lots of airborne . no time to get sick .... too much to do ... 
green street hooligans is such a good movie ! anyways , off to bed ... work at 4am =/ 
work in an hour ... blah . 
making a tutu =) 
so i will run until my feet don't touch the ground , as the waves < PROPFEMALE > me out , keep listening ... 
wants it to rain . rain = snow . snow = snow boarding . 
loves the elliptical 
I love the rain !! 
i will not allow myself to get sick . time to OD on airborne . 
3 closing shifts in a row . boo . 1 down , 2 to go . 
3 nights of closing -- done . 2 days off , in a row . 1 more day of classes . done with school on friday and a busy , fun packed weekend to kick off winter break . i can feel the weight being lifted off my shoulders ! =) 
soooo tempted to watch lost season 5 right now but i have to study for my bio final . ughhh . 
listen to your voice , the one that tells you to taste past the tip of your tongue , leap in and the net will appear 
girls night : pizza , alcohol and my bff's . no penises allowed ! 
just bought my ticket for the imax-3d midnight premier of < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland . i'm soooo excited =) 
is bummed . i need a new plan . 
exhausted . and i open tomorrow ... fantastic . 
Homework ! Oh , homework ! I hate you ! You stink ! I wish I could wash you away in the sink . Homework ! Oh , homework ! You're last on my list . I simply can't see why you even exist . If you just disappeared it would tickle me pink . Homework ! Oh , homework ! I hate you ! You stink ! 
i'm pretty sure that i'm addicted to caffein ... 
2 days . 2 midterms . then spring break . 
Why hello there coffee ! Have I told you lately how much I love you ?! 
it's all coming together & i like the way that feels 
Couldn't sleep at all last night . Boo . 
5 weeks : 2 midterms , 1 paper and 3 finals . At the finish line , summer ! I can do this !! 
\Happiness is a decision ! \ " - < PROPMALE > " 
Ughhh ... ochem , you're killing me ! It's too early for this and I haven't had my coffee yet ! 
love love loves the sunshine ! 
is addicted to sour patch kids . yummy =) 
10 days until summer vacay begins ! Woo hoo !! 
A customer just told me that I remind her of the actress who plays Bon Qui Qui ... 
triple espresso , please kick in . i have a long day ahead of me . 
tonight is going to be amazing , I have my last final tomorrow and only 21 days until my 21st birthday !! Yay !! 
Blahhh what a lame night . I wish I could rewind time and go back to this morning ! 
Moving into the new apartment this weekend ! Yay !! 
it's mornings like these that I'm greatful that I work at starbucks . 
Let me say this now , before i forget : thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !! I'm less than an hour in and I've already have 2 double shots of vodka and 1 double shot of patron . FML . 
cable and internet is all set up in the new apartment and we're slowly getting everything unpacked , yay !! 
KK and I just got a free bottle of tequilla !! We were discussing wether we wanted < PROPFIRST > Cuervo or Sauza and the < PROPMALE > Bean representative was behind us and he told us that he'd buy us the bottle of Sauza so we could enjoy the best ! We also got free shirts , and two shot sized bottles of < PROPMALE > Bean ! Score !! 
Girls night : food , drinks , finals game 4 then dear < PROPFIRST > ! Yay ! 
Warped Tour ! Woo hoo ! 
Pismo bound ! 
Oh baby , oh baby , oh ! Mo , you've got me straight trippin ' boo ! 
There's nothing better than a $3 blue < PROPFEMALE > after a rough night ! 
3 days at Disneyland ? Yes please !! 
The World of Color is one of the most amazing things I've ever seen ! 
I <3 summer ! 
Boys Like Girls , tonight ; heading to San < PROPMALE > , tomorrow ; 311 , The Offspring & Pepper , Sunday . It's gonna be an amazing weekend ! 
I <3 SD !! 
Xfest was awesome !!! 
DiCicco's for dinner ! < PROPFIRST > is force feeding me Italian lemon creme cake ... I'm so full , but it's so good ! 
heading to Monterey with the boyfriend ! 
Ok headache , I've given you caffeine . What more do you want from me ?! 
Just had an amazing workout , now time for a nap !! 
laid down for a nap at 6 last night and just woke up ... at least I'm all caught up on sleep ! 
completely shattered my phone's screen =\\ Oh well , I've been contemplating wether or not to buy the 4G anyways , guess it's a sign ! 
Half dome tomorrow . Time to get some rest ! 
Last day of summer and I got a speeding ticket ... Fan-frickin-tastic !! Not to mention , I just spent $270 on a parking pass and I still need to buy books . That's really gonna hurt the bank account =( 
Coffee before class . I'm ready to get back into my routine but I'm definitely not ready for summer to be over . Only 4 days left with my boy =( 
I shouldn't have sat down ... I've been running around all day , I didn't realize how tired I was until now . Only 3 1/2 hours left of work !! 
ugh . as if tuition prices weren't enough as is , i have to spend an hundred dollars , or so , a years just to print all of my lecture notes , labs and what not ... this is a rip off ! 
I'm so excited , going to Panera then the Secondhand Serenade concert with my BFF ! What a great way to start the weekend ! But first I have to make it through 5 more hours of class and lab ... 
I'm having an off day . I really don't want to spend the whole day at school . Blahhh . 
I'm still awake , WIDE AWAKE , and I'm studying . This is not like me at all . Normally my brain stops functioning around 11 . I guess I should take advantage of it though , too bad I work at 8 am . Tomorrow is gonna be a long day ! 
Organic synthesis and mechanism ? What the hell was I thinking ?! Someone just shoot me now and put me out of my misery ! 
just bought my plane ticket to nc to see < PROPMALE > in october ! yay !! 
chem . bio . psych . you're killing me . two quizzes and a midterm in one day = no sleep tonight . atleast i can look forward to friday , just work , no school , then the zac brown band with the mom & the BFF !! 
Argh . So fed up with stupid sh ! t . 
Hide yo ' kids . Hide yo ' wife . And hide yo ' husband . Cuz they rapin ' errrbody out here ! 
You know how the dryer eats socks ? Well I think there is something in my room that's eating my stuff ... 
IF YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT MAC'S , I'M IN NEED OF YOUR ASSISTANCE !!! everytime i try to save my microsoft word document i get an error that basically says that my hard drive is full ... and it's not . It gives me the same error when i try to save the document to a flash drive as well . how can i fix this ? 
Tecate pong + limes = classy 
friday isn't coming fast enough . 
Thank you mr. shepherd man for realizing that coffee cherries made your sheep hyper , without your genius discovery I would not have the energy to make it through the day . \ 
\ 
Only 47 hours to go =) 
Thanks babe for finishing my essay and thanks < PROPFEMALE > for driving like a bat out of hell so I could get my paper turned in . Now to finish throwing random crap in my suitcase since I don't have the time to think about what I'm packing . I'm so stressed out . My flight leaves out of san < PROPFIRST > at 1030 . Gotta hurry .... 
flight delayed . watching nip tuck . and contemplating a beer ... 
I don't know what it is about North < PROPFEMALE > , but I've been in at least half a dozen public restrooms and only one of them has had toilet seat covers . WTF ?! 
For once I'd like to sleep in past sunrise . 8 days in a row I've been up before 530 ... It's killing me . I just want to sleep in !! 
An hour and a half and $185 later KK and I have emerged from Costco with a shit load of groceries . The only problem is that we're gonna be eating < PROPMALE > nuggets , taquitos , bagel dogs and pirates booty popcorn for the next month ... 
Statistics is the most boring subject ever !! 
< PROPMALE > Cesar : ( refering to Duke basketball ) \God they are good ... like if our relationship were a college basketball team that'd be us . \ " \ 
So much reading to do , and so little time ... Blahhh . 
Cell communication and protein sorting ... I'm gonna need more caffeine if I'm gonna make it through this . Such a horrible way to spend a Saturday night . Blah . 
Amazing night ! I wish I could have shared it with a few other people ! You know who you are ... I <3 u ! 
Black friday shopping in Fresno at midnight then back to Atwater to work at 3 am . It's gonna be a long night ... 
I've been up for 29 hours . I think it's time to get some sleep ... 
Made < PROPMALE > ' n cheese from scratch !! Yummy !! =) 
spending my friday night studying because i have a final tomorrow ( saturday ) morning at 8am . that should be a sin . FML . 
I've been drinking refresh tea non-stop for the last 2 days . When am i gonna stop sounding like a man ? 
i'd give anything for this cough to go away . ughh . 
Done with finals and my boy is home , yay !! 
Dodge , tomorrow and Tuesday !! Yay !! 
I'd give anything for nice , relaxing massage . My shoulders are so tense . 
Heading to dodge with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > La Mattina , < PROPFEMALE > Bryson , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
I couldn't have asked for a better christmas =) 
I got memory foam for my bed for Christmas and it it the BEST THING EVER ! It's 11 and I don't want to get out of bed , I'm so comfortable ! 
Tahoe's booked for the January 6th through the 8th !! Heavenly , here we come !! 
Stopping in Sac for the night , then Tahoe in the morning ! Having issues with our ghetto luggage/board rack though ... We left like an hour and a half ago and we're only to Turlock . It's gonna be a long night ! 
Made dinner with the roomies !! Yummy !! 
Calculus is NOT like riding a bike . It doesn't just come back to you after 3 years ... I shouldn't have waited so long to take physics . Fml . 
i run my life . or is it running me ? run from my past , i run too fast ... or too slow it seems . this world keeps spinning faster into a new disaster , so i run to you . 
