Life is Simple . We make it complex . Always see and take the best . 

Ha .. HA .. HA ... Kahan ke Kahaan chadaarae Bhai . Kahan Raja Bhoj aur kahan GanguTeli . 
Uploaded the snaps ... some good .. some not so clear of the AECS Reunion in 2008 at Hyderabad . Another one in July 2010 ?? 
Wishing all a very very Happy Holi . 
Husband asks , Do you know the meaning of WIFE . It means ... Without Information Fighting Everytime ! WIFE says ... No , it means - With Idiot for Ever 
Teacher to Santa : “Where were you born ? ” Santa : In Thiruvananthapuram . Teacher : Spell it ? Santa : ( after thinking ) I think I was born in GOA . 
How many of you remember Nanjunda Sir ? and his famous Song .. Today is Sunday .. Sunday Bendakai .. Monday ... some of kai .. ( vegetables ) ... Looking back he used to look like Rajnikanth . 
Voice is good . Thank you so much for broacasting . Sir -baba pranaam 
Rajeev Joshi < PROPFEMALE > Pranaam .. this is Ram from < PROPMALE > TX . 
Able to see video and audio well here in < PROPMALE > TX 
There seems to be aproblem ? 
Sumit and < PROPFEMALE > - Our prayers for both of you . 
Congratulations to all the Lovely Mothers on Face Book . But for your unconditional love , affection and nuturing we children would not be where we are today . Saluations to you Divine Mother for bringing us to this world . You are our first Guru . Happy Mother's day . 
Before the day ends - \A Happy mothers day to all the unsung Heros- the fathers . \"" 
HOT HOTTER HOTTEST day in Hyderabad today 45 degrees .!! The last peak was about 20 yrs back . Wonder how we used to play out on the grounds in Summer Vacation .? 
What a game it was Pak Vs Australia .!! U never know what happens with Australia till the last ball is bowled . 
How is Success defined ? Are Money , Power , and Control the right tangible measures ? Or Are there any better measures ? 
This Chakra stuff is interesting .. I took it and now it invites all in my friends list to do so .. Not sure what I clicked or skipped . Take it for fun or ignore it . 
Noticed that , every time I clicked on Home , the Chakra quiz invites a new friend . :-)) 
Thank you folks for all of your perceptions on Success . The comments were amazing . 
Now for some fun .. What can or can't you say to your spouse and get Killed ? 
Start your day with a smile - the day is bound to go well . 
There goes again my 401K - South wards . 
Man !!!... how does one delete what he posts on his Mind here on FB ? 
Long weekend almost over ... the Routine starts again 2morrow . Thanks to FB there is always a surprise element everyday . 
Seen a new definition of MATHS here on FB \ 
M . A . T . H . S - MENTALLY AFFECTED TEACHERS HARRASING STUDENTS . 
Wish , I can replicate myself and be at different places at the same time . 
Good start to the evening , Beerakai Chutney turned out just great .. thanks to online reciepes- First try a Home run . 
Find it interesting that one likes to do what one has to avoid . Be it Food , Work , Health or anything for that matter . Is there fun in breaking rules ? 
Our Prayers for you and your family < PROPFEMALE > ( Dearman ) OBonner . May your soul rest in peace . < PROPFEMALE > the time spent with you at Kelloggs . 
An interesting Mail that I got - Here are a few Oxymorons . \ 
1 ) Clearly misunderstood 2 ) Exact Estimate\ 
3 ) Small Crowd 4 ) Act Naturally\ 
5 ) Found Missing 6 ) Fully Empty\ 
7 ) Pretty ugly 8 ) Seriously funny\ 
9 ) Only choice 10 ) Original copies\ 
\ 
And the Mother of all ...... \ 
. \ 
11 ) Happily Married 
Angry Voice of Phantom can Freeze the Blood of a Sabre Toothed Tiger . Love those OLD JUNGLE sayings of the Ghost of Walks . Do you remember any ? 
I-pad . Any owners - Views/suggestions . Plan to get one . 
Valli-Many Happy Returns of the day ... 
Happy Father's day to all those Wonderful Dad's who < PROPFEMALE > every moment with their children and thanks to all those amazing strong lovely spouses who made this happen . 
Trip to Hyd . postponed . Not a good feeling . Landing in Hyd now around the 8th July . 
http://www.khou.com/great-day/gdh_06210_seg6-96811784.html 
Boy .. what a one sided match . Knew Germany would win -but did not expect < PROPFEMALE > to be thrased . 
Paraguay Will win ... 
Looking forward to the evening-Meeting some of my dear friends who always stood by us all the times - Ranjit Puthran & < PROPFEMALE > Murrari friends and Colleagues at Battle Creek , MI working at Kelloggs WHQ . 2000 was the last I met Murrari . He is now happily domesticated ( Meant married ) with 2 sons . Let the good times Roll .. ( the CARS number ) 
My younger daughter Sanjana Hoots for Spain- because THEY HAVE BETTER COLORS . 
Who is going to win the world Cup now -Spain or Netherlands .? My take now is Netherlands .. what ever < PROPFIRST > says .. 
In Hyd .. Home sweeet Home ... Strong Jetlag ... 
Yesterday Chaat at Gokuls , today sweets at Dadu's , and an evening with 6 Houstonites here in Hyderabad . My girls loved it .. although still jet lagged . 
Lost the bet on the winner of the World Cup - Here we come Marriot ... ex- Viceory ... \ 
Expecting a big hole in the wallet - courtesy Netherlands and Refree who did not see the Offside .. 
OMG .. Subhpradam ... Just could'nt take it . came out at Interval .. Am I am the only guy feeling this way ?.. Is there anyone who liked this movie ? 
Back home here in < PROPMALE > . Was a great Holiday . Lot of things to catch up and pals to meet ... 
The only Day women pray for their Husbands officially and literally-Varalakshmi Vratam . God bless all of them and make their wishes come true . Wonder why there is no VaraVishnu Vratam ? 
Happy Onam to all of my friends from the land of the Gods . 
My good friend had started a online booking portal yesterday in Hyderabad . The site is www.maatravelonline.com . This portal offers good fares on domestic travel and bus tickets all over the country . Hope this helps one and all . 
Wondering ... how do folks find their soul ? 
What to do - my daughters account has been disabled by FB . She messed up her passwd change . She is unbale to login or enable her account . Her account was not compromised or has she posted anything that was spam . What is the way out ? 
Got a interesting Toy- Sony Google TV . Now you can watch TV , or play BlueRay DVD and surf the net ... all in different windows ... 
Humbled and Overwhelmed by all the love , good wishes and blessings on my birthday . Sincere thanks and good wishes to all my dear friends and well wishers and all who have added value to my life . Its been around two weeks , since I have logged on to FB and hence my delayed acknowledgement . 
New year 2011 aroud the corner . Any tried , tested and worked out resolutions ? 
Wishing all my friends a < PROPFEMALE > CHristmas and a Happy New Year ... Happy Holidays . 
God bless the Soul of a music legend Dr. Bhimsen Joshi . 
