is lookin ' foreward to the most awesome bowl game of the year ! Also , he's no longer a Raichu ! 

finished his winter break with the Trans-Siberian Orchestra ; complete with laser beams , fireballs , and a rocket platform 
ain't got no issue with his grammar structure 
was shot in favorite leg , and is being held at undisclosed location 
had a nightmare on Elm Street 
is goin ' to the airport , might eat another plane 
said goodbye , now feels lousy . Someone give him a pick-me-up 
doesn't know how to dance 
Ain't afraid of no ghosts 
thinks Cheerios are the devil 
hates the new mountain dew can design . A blind fish with a master's degree in making ugly designs could do a better job . 
believes in God who believes in < PROPFIRST > , that's him . 
ain't got no distractions , can't hear no buzzers and bells , Can't see no lights a flashin ' , plays by sense of smell . He's the deaf , dumb , and blind kid , that sure plays a mean pinball . 
ate a pumpkin using only his mind 
swore fealty to the < PROPMALE > of pointless endeavors 
is wondering if the red fireworks taste like strawberries 
got his barbershop music , fun times ahead . 
is feelin ' queasy , might have fever and such . If he dies , his final wish is that his birthday becomes a national holiday . 
just kicked you in the face 
hid the stash in a pile of potatoes . 
will avenge you ! 
is asking , \Does anybody else here think that ' Wizards ' is probably one of the most entertaining yet doofy films of all time ? \"" 
needs moar minions !!!! 
roller bladed while dancing to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Still can't skate backwards . 
iz on ur Facebooks wastin spaise on ur home payj 
= pure awesome 
caught some shrimps 
ate at Fujiyama's . Envy him . 
is wearing a bathrobe 
is upset . For he is stupid . 
fled 
got the Orange Box , it goes nicely with the yellow one . 
is gnawing on an electrical chord 
flew the coupe . 
no longer has trains of thought . He's upgraded to corvettes . 
< PROPFIRST > a picture ; demands praise for it 
does not want to play \Mafia Wars . \ " He already has TF2 to melt his brain with . " 
is sleeping in his garage for the next week or so . 
has a cleaner room than you . Prepare for the Apocalypse people . 
says , \wallpaper is the Devil's choice of decoration . \"" 
had his car break down 15 < PROPMALE > out from < PROPMALE > , tasted Bourbon and has deemed it ; not at all pleasant to drink . 
is going to wear his 3D glasses for the rest of the day 
is content with being awesome 
can see into the future O.o 
made friends with a ghost 
fell 300,000 feet and lived . 
Doesn't feel like wearin ' his contacts . It's glasses time . 
am Iron Man . Super heroes do not need correct grammar . 
is upset because no one liked his status update . He worked real hard on it too . \ ... sniff ... \"" 
lives in a bungalow 
just freakin ' voted , you'd better too . 
wants his Tablet back . Pen and paper can only take you so far : C 
garbled his nonsense 
is mad at valve , or his sound card . He's not quite sure . 
is at Kings Island . Duck in case he pukes . 
got no reason to be updating his profile 
Is going to camp tomorrow . Barbershop music here he comes . 
Is back from Barbershop . Who will form a quartet with him ? 
is wearing his headset for no apparent reason . 
is not confused 
done got himself stuck in a well ... again . 
bowls terribly 
thinks Grandview is a strange part of town 
Don't have a clue as to what you are talking aboot 
is hoping for a great first day to all the Centennial kids . 
hates facebook chat with all his might 
stole your intelligence 
refuses to update 
is gonna eat some pizza . And you guys get none >:3 
is gonna scan his face 
asks , \How ' bout dem Buckeyes ? : " 
is doin ' very important stuff . 
appearently does a decent Joker impression . 
Says , \Go Buckeyes ! \ " cause he isn't very inventive with cheers . " 
18-15 USC might of won but OSU will be getting more respect 
Feels like running into a wall , perhaps one made of solid titanium so it will be all the more impressive when he smashes through it . 
applied for many a job today 
has awesome hair 
says , \My name's Gomer Pyle ; USMC \"" 
is yelling at inanimate objects to pass the time 
says , \Wahoo ! The Buckeyes win a wooden turtle ! \"" 
is activating his super powers . Ultra forgetfulness engaged ! 
hates filling out finacial paperwork . Stupid forms with incomprehensible < PROPFIRST > and subsections . 
got your nose ! 
has nothing to say ! 
can't spell worth a dictionary 
has heartburn . Someone please hand him a Tums 
needs a lighter so he can burn things , his laser vision just ain't what it used to be . 
is being strangled ! Gwuhgckckkckgkcgkkcgkcgckggc ..... gcgkg ... hugk ........ ckh .......... gh ........................... 
has a three hole punch ! 
don't has grammatical error 
is the only < PROPMALE > who is pure awesome 
is contemplating drastic action . 
got his hair cut : C 
is hoping for some freakin ' news . 
is tired from partying for < PROPFIRST>'s birfday 
wrote a sandwich 
saw Young Frankenstein at the Ohio last night . ENVY HIM . 
has to do some heavy liftin ' 
is , therefore he am 
does not know how to make pot roast 
saw a play last night . Thought ' twas awesome . Is seeing it again . 
has a rediculously square jaw 
just got offered admission to The Ohio State University ! 
went to a farm , shot people with marshmellows , and marooned < PROPMALE > there . 
might start a Barbershop quartet . Needs someone good with scissors . 
is pumping up an air matress with only his lungs while typing this update . 
is gonna eat him some real nice turkey and wash it down with a big ol ' prayer o ' thanks to the big guy upstairs . 
has to get ready for his schoolin ' 
thinks you're all a bunch of nutcases . 
doesn't know what you're talkin ' about 
Has placement tests tommorrow . Oh why did he decide to not give a damn in Calculus ! 
Is at Newark Campus ... RIGHT NOW ! You'd better believe it's awesome . 
just finished schedualing his classes . Is hoping he won't be over worked . 
Played basketball this past evening and scored a touchdown ! Is gonna be the next < PROPFIRST > Nicklaus . 
went to the shooting range with his sister . Killed many innocent paper targets . 
is eating cookies made from his own sweat and tears . And they are delicious . 
had his car stolen by < PROPMALE > . Is soon to be demanding money for the gas he wasted . 
missed Christmas on Facebook , because he was to busy having an awesome one in real life . 
asks , \I say there monstrocity ! Do you know the times ? \"" 
is at college . Learning him some higher education . 
demands more snow be dumped upon the fair city of < PROPMALE > ! 
has no time for snow days , for he has none . 
has significantly less hair on his head than he used to . But has no photographic evidence to support his claims . 
said his farewells to a good friend . Can't wait to see him again in eight or nine weeks . 
was just contacted by another < PROPMALE > Lawver . Appearently they do exist ! 
has a four day weekend but no < PROPMALE > to go do shenanigans with ! .... stupid navy ..... 
had grilled cheese sandwiches , in cracker form ! 
is at school wastin ' his time on the library labtop instead of doing something constructive , like building a bridge or something . 
played some terrible B-ball , needs help . Who has the guts to join him in glorious battle upon the hardwood ? Please comment if interested . 
feels down . Is not sure why . Has nothing funny/random to put in his update . Sorry to dissapoint you . 
danced in the middle of the tuttle mall with his older sister . Managed to get a nice lady to join us . Feels accomplished . 
is stuck at campus with no gas , no money , and no phone . On the bright side , he gets to < PROPFEMALE > out in the super cool < PROPMALE > Library/Student Center . 
says , \Wooble . \"" 
says , \Those pink speech bubbles ... they're EVERYWHERE ! \"" 
is gonna write a letter to < PROPMALE > . Anyone out there have something they want me to add ? 
is concerned for his cat . She seems to be losing her evil tendencies and is becoming all cuddly . He thinks it's a trap . 
is my new name . It has been forced upon me for reasons I do not yet fully understand and perhaps , never will . 
drove about 70% of the way to school but got stopped by Road Crews who had closed 161 eastbound past the Pataskala/Johnstown exit . It's like driving in oil with wheels made of teflon . 
just finished watching \Waltz With Bashir\ " ' Twas quite awesome . Very powerful stuff . " 
likes your status 
got a box of chocolates from the < PROPFIRST > . 
looks good in a lime green suit jacket . 
has important news ; < PROPMALE > is home from the Navy . Also , < PROPMALE > locked his keys in the car again . 
made the mistake of logging onto Runescape . 
brought his mom's car to the shop and had the green one die on the Northbroadway bridge on the way home . 
had a car die on him and another skid onto a traffic divider triangle ON THE SAME DAY . Has no money , no job , soon to have no more schoolin ' and lost one of his best friends ' cause she flipped the flapjack out when he rang a doorbell . Thank the Lord he has a punching bag . 
says , \MAGGOTS ! \"" 
used all his fight money to buy two of every animal on earth and then herded them onto a boat , and beat the crap out of every single one of them . 
is one sexy son of a bitch 
believes he has recieved a virus from DeviantArt of all places . Is sending a heads up to anyone who frequents there . 
is now the proud owner of a depression < PROPFEMALE > hobo outfit , compete with fedora and striped suspenders . Oh what would he do without thrift stores ? 
is gonna headbutt yah ! 
is seriously confused by the new update on Portal . Anybody out there know anything ? Or is Valve just trollin' ? 
does pity the fool who doesn't scan his face 
is checking his facebook less and less frequently and doesn't seem to care . 
don't need any o ' your < PROPFEMALE > . 
is gonna go on an Easter weekend roadtrip with the folks . Amish territory is beckoning . 
is back from learnin ' about canals , lookin ' at waterfalls , and drivin ' all the crap over Ohio . 
done got himself a chocolate rabbit . You best believe he's gonna eat it awwwwll up ! 
is workin ' hard on a drawin ' . IN PHOTOSHOP ! 
is on a rampage ! As a bloodthirsty snowman ! 
is goin ' to the totally awesome 2010 JAD barbershop chorus competition this weekend ! You best believe that the Singing Buckeyes are bringing home the gold ! 
and his chorus totally dominated ... but came in second . Had an awesome time in < PROPMALE > and heard some spectacular Barbershoppin ' . 
is having a Birfday today , rejoice ! For he is the grand ol ' age of tentynine ! 
thanks everyone for all the mandatory Birfday wishes . 
has a awesome idea for a drawing in his head , now to see if he will actually do it . 
has no clue as to what he's up to . 
went on a rampage with his older sister , both dressed as rediculously as possible . Heads turned . 
is going to work at the Zoo . Has no clue when he's starting though . 
got nowhere to be and nothing to do , soon he'll be naught but a pile of goo 
Got himself his first paycheck from the zoo ; Awesome . Doesn't know when he'll start working though ; Not awesome . 
is a manly , manly man . 
looks like a farmer thanks to his Barbershop chorus , anybody out there got a cowboy hat that's too big for their head ? He needs to borrow one . 
is workin ' hard at the < PROPMALE > Zoo and Aquarium . 
has no time or care for facebookingness . If you wish to contact < PROPMALE > , please email him at Fearben@gmail.com 
doused turtles in rum then set them on fire . 
destroyed a tree today . 
hates the dentist . Whistling is now an impossibility 
just finished watching Caddyshack for the first time . Understands the outrage towards him . 
experienced propane fire at work today . Eyebrows are still intact . 
Wishes everyone a Happy Thanksgiving and thanks the Lord for his wonderful friends . 
has been laid off by the < PROPMALE > Zoo . Will return in March . Until then , working on getting back in school . 
feels like Paypal is trying too hard to get me to punch in its face . 
