I have the house to myself ... Twilight Zone marathon , a few glasses of wine , and a hot bath make this a perfect Friday night !! 

is finally a homeowner !! 
So I was driving home and someone in front of me hit a deer , and the guy right in front of me ran it over and kicked blood , guts , and fur ALL over my car ... I drove 20 < PROPMALE > barely able to see out my windshield until I found a car wash . NOT the way I wanted to spend my night ! I am scarred forever !! The plus side - people get out of your way quick when you are doing 85 and your car is covered in blood ! 
So the dog just dragged his pillow right in front of the TV and started humping the crap out of it ... I think maybe he is starved for attention ?? 
I would wet my pants if I got pulled over by < PROPFIRST > Seagal !!!!! 
Can't wait to go see TSO with my family this afternoon !!! 
Watching Independence Day and getting ready for bed , big week ahead !! 
Missing Marathon , FL with every inch of my heart . Hoping to get back to paradise soon . 
In the span of just a few hours at my parents , Copper ripped up and broke my mom's landscape lights , ate a dead rabbit , got himself stuck under the bay window so bad that my dad needed a shovel to dig him out , and peed in my sister's room , which my mom then stepped in . I officially have the worst dog ever . Marley's got nothin ' on my Copper !! 
Why am I out in the garage playing with power tools while my husband is inside watching Animal Planet ??? 
Wishing I could go home and put my favorite sweatshirt on . Oh wait , < PROPMALE > let a gigantic frog go in my car yesterday and it jumped all over me so I had frog juice all down the front of me . I never knew I could get so girly and shriek like that . No joke - pictures to come later . 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > Seeney ! Welcome little guy !! 
just called Google 411 looking for \Todd's ( Landscape ) Services and they interpreted it as \ " Escort Services\ " . I was then immediately connected to \ " Tickle Your Fancy Models\ " . I am now scarred for life and afraid to use Google ever again !!! " 
Out to dinner with < PROPFIRST > and Aryn . The boys are drinking Dos Equis , making them the most interesting men in the world ! 
so psyched to sleep in finally !! 
How is it that my beagle is on a hunger strike ? Ever since we gave him a few bites of hamburger last night he refuses to touch his food . Beagles are pigs . This is ridiculous ! 
I really appreciate you letting me off with a warning today , Officer , but that was way too close for comfort . Next time I'm trying the \BEES !!!! \ " trick from \ " Tommy Boy \"." 
TGIF !! 
If you live in the Hartland area or know anyone who does , please be on the lookout for a tri-color beagle . He has a slate blue collar and tags and answers to Copper . Please help . 
Copper is back safe and sound . I am ready for today to be over ... 
Headed downtown for the baseball game . Go Tigers !! 
At the ball game with a cold beer in my hand and my feet kicked up on the dugout . Life is good . 
RIP < PROPMALE > , you'll be missed . 
just noticed that the local cat rescue/shelter is accepting birds .... may I ask what for ?! 
Congratulations to my beautiful sister < PROPFEMALE > on her graduation ... now ready to tear up Mt . P tonight ! 
Heading out in the kayaks for the first time of the year ... let's hope we have many more days like this ! 
Kayaking tonight ! Yayyy !!!! 
caught a fish !! What a great day out on the lake !! 
Goonies never say die ! 
thinks it would be super-sweet if Lady Gaga and < PROPMALE > did a duet together ... just a thought ... 
DSW truck broke down on the side of 96 . Anyone want in on the heist with me ? Lots of cute shoes to be had !! 
So happy Chicago won ! They deserved it . Go Blackhawks ! 
just got a brand new car ! Woop woop !! I feel like such a suburbanite in my little Escape ! 
A bad day fishing is still better than a good day at the office . But what if it wasn't a good day at the office either ? Didn't land one damn fish even though I had tons of big bites ! I give up . 
I got Eminem and < PROPFIRST > Z tickets !!!!!! Wooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Having a new < PROPMALE > Potter movie to look forward to makes even a bad day a little brighter :) Love the new trailer but it all looked like scenes from the second half of the book ! Please don't let the first be a let-down ! 
would rather be upside down in my kayak than right side up at my desk right now !! 
is having the best birthday EVER !! I have such a wonderful husband , family , and friends .... thanks guys ! I LOVE today ,,,, 
Go < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Time circuits on , flux capacitor fluxing , engine running ..... all right !! 
I think I finally truly understand the meaning of \shit show \"..." 
Heading out fishing . Great night ! 
If you have a wonderfu man , who works hard to take care of you , would do anythingfor you , who makes you laugh , is your best friend , who wants to grow old with you , will always pick you up when you're down , who is your world and someone that you're thankful for , then post this to your status and give the good men the recognition they deserve , because great men are few and far between , and I have one ! ? 
f you have a wonderful man , who works hard to take care of you , would do anything for you , who makes you laugh , is your best friend , who wants to grow old with you , will always pick you up when you're down , who is your world and someone that you're thankful for , then post this to your status and give the good men the recognition they deserve , because great men are few and far between , and I have one ! ? 
just learned how to express a dog's anal glands . I wish I was joking . 
Bottle of wine + Robot Chicken marathon = good night . 
Hitting the road at 2pm for a marathon drive down to .... well .... Marathon . Look out Florida Keys . Paradise , here we come !! 
What a wonderful feeling to wake up in Florida !! 
What a great day . Spent all day fishing the flats , saw sharks and a sea turtle right next to my kayak , and headed to my fav bar & grill for dinner . I love vacay :: 
I love being on vacay ... sipping rum runners by the pool , then an evening kayak/fishing trip . So out of touch with reality ! 
Key West !! 
So proud to be married to a tarpon ninja . 
Going to see < PROPMALE > Gaffigan with the family tonight , then the Dream Cruise tomorrow . What a great weekend it's going to be ! 
likes to move it , move it . 
Kudos to < PROPFIRST > Clave for getting us a sweet ride for the Dream Cruise !! 
somehow saved the direct number to Livingston County Emergency in my phone as my eye doctor .... so yes , I just called 911 complaining about my contacts and how it was taking forever for my new lenses arrived . The nice lady let me go on for quite a while before telling me that I had the wrong number . Time to go home and have a drink ! 
Feeling like crap ... hope I didn't catch the office bug . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Dayquil , Kleenex , movies , and a husband and puppy to snuggle with ... check . 
I just came to the realization that elbows seriously freak me out . They are disgusting and weird-looking and really disturbing . But elbow macaroni ? Yes , please . 
Headed home to get cleaned up , then downtown with some awesome friends for the Eminem concert ! Going to be a crazy night ! 
Having the best day ever ... swanky hotel , fancy dinner , won at the casino , drinks at the top of the RenCen , then concert .... love it !! 
Sitting here with a warm blanket , a glass of wine and Tosh . 0 on the TV .... life is good . 
Hoping the rain lets up for front row seats at the Tigers with the fam ! 
had absolutely no idea there was a new Professor Layton out today . I know what I'm doing the rest of the week ! 
I love my husband when he gets up at 3am to check out the scary things that go \bump\ " in the night ! He is so protective of me ! " 
Somehow pinched a nerve in my neck while putting on makeup ( strenuous task , I know ... ) and now I can barely move my head . This should make a great first impression on the new manager ! 
Cedar Point . Brrrrr ! 
With 3 weeks to go until I get $150 toward a phone upgrade , I dropped my cell into a mud puddle . The screen now flashes white and purple when I turn it on and doesn't do anything else . Hoping I can beg and plead enough to get a new phone now , otherwise I'm screwed ! I hate today !! 
knocked over an entire tray of dark gray-blue paint onto my bedroom floor last night . Luckily most of it came up , but not without a lot of swearing and a mini-temper tantrum . Hopefully today goes a bit better than yesterday ! 
Still considering punching < PROPFIRST > Clave II for talking me into doing the Rip Cord .... Sutter Home and bungee jumping don't really mix ! You just don't take advantage of a girl like that ! 
just saw 2 old people riding a bike built for 2 with a huge American Flag on the back through a B-Dub's parking lot .... I hope I'm that cool when I'm 80 ! 
My mom informed me yesterday that she likes to \get down to < PROPFIRST > Mathers\ " . I am both proud and mortified at the same time . At least it was a successful shopping trip ! " 
It's a beautiful life . 
A little < PROPMALE > Seger makes the afternoon seem that much better ! 
Happy 16th birthday to my beautiful sister < PROPFIRST > Klimek !!!! Love you sis ! 
Getting caught up on Boardwalk Empire , then heading down to < PROPFEMALE > Arbor for some Halloween fun ! 
I'm too old for tbis sh*t 
I love my husband and our little family so much ! Having a fantastic Saturday on the couch with the pets and some football . What a perfect day ! 
Worldwide chocolate shortage by 2030 ? WTF ?! NOOOOOOOO !! 
I love it when a plan comes together !! 
Well happy anniversary weekend indeed . < PROPMALE > is up north on a fishing trip and I am sick as a dog . I'm thinking dinner reservations are going to be rescheduled . 
Three years ago today I married the love of my life . I am so blessed to share my life with my best friend ! Happy anniversary < PROPFEMALE > ! 
At the Pet Expo w my family and almost just got bowled over by < PROPFEMALE > Stilwell ! She is super sweet and I got to take a picture with her ! 
Well it got super-intense for a few minutes there but I got the Kid Rock tickets and we have pretty good seats ! Can't wait until January 15 !! 
Laundry is done , closet is cleaned and reorganized . Just have to clean the kitchen then putting on some mood music and busting out the Christmas Tree !! 
Looks like we are planning 2 fabulous vacations for next year . God I love not having kids !! 
Just booked a cruise ! Too bad it's a year away ... Caribbean , here I come !! 
Night out on the town ! 
Well it wasn't pretty , but the Lions finally won one . I'll take it ! 
My 27 year-old husband bought a nerf dart gun to torment me and the dog with ... so much for my quiet night . 
Just bought myself my very first Coach purse . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me !! 
Can't wait to celebrate Christmas < PROPFEMALE > with my family tonight ! 
My husband is drinking rum as he makes webcam videos of himself flying his new RC helicopter around the living room ... how did I get so lucky ?! 
So I accidentally bought haircolor that is waaaaaaaaay more red than normal , but since it's New Year's < PROPFEMALE > and I'm feeling spontaneous I decided to go for it . This could either be really great or really awful ... we'll see in about 45 minutes !! 
Resting up before an AWESOME night tomorrow . Headed to the big Kid Rock concert with some of the coolest people I know ! Can't wait !! 
On our way downtown . We have a sweet hotel room and a cooler full of drinks . Can't wait for he big show ... this night is going to be amazing !! 
I broke my nose at the Kid Rock concert . I am spending the day re-evaluating my life decisions . 
Football and pjs :) 
It was so much fun talking to my sister tonight ! 
Snuggled up with the pets watching The < PROPFEMALE > Diaries while the chili is cooking ... can't wait for the husband to get home so we can enjoy dinner and a fire ! 
Craving some El Patron salsa right now ! Yummmmm ... 
Watching Keys fishing on Versus and getting so super-excited for April ! Can't wait to get back in my kayak !! 
Drinking wine and playing Mariokart on the Wii . Wow I am exciting !! 
Going out for a nice romantical dinner with the hubby :) 
Steve : \Cee-Lo looks like the devil's peacock !! \ " I love my husband !! " 
Either my new sunglasses are crooked or my face is crooked . I am really hoping it's the sunglasses ! 
Remind me again why I still live in Michigan ?! 
Just convinced my husband to buy a pair of Maui Jims ... I think I've created a monster ! 
Is anyone else getting just a little tired of Lady Gaga or am I the only one ? I'm kind of ready for her to take her catchy music somewhere else for a while ! 
Irritated . 
Bar !! 
Steve : \I'd rather whip my hair back and forth than live in a yellow submarine . It's the worst song ever ! \ " Hahahaha " 
Tonight I made garlic chicken rigatoni with steamed broccoli and carrots for dinner . It counts as cooking if I take it out of the freezer and warm it up , right ??? 
I leave for Florida in 22 days ... PLEASE get here soon , I can't take another day of work !! 
