Thinking of something to write , don't know how that'll go , or if it'll be light or dark in theme . 

Guess it's time for me to dream of white walls and empty thoughts , good night to everyone 
Thinking of continuing my video game commentary called \Joker Bitches at The Answer later today once I do a few things " 
Glad to see the US soccer team get into the round of 16 , just next time get there in a fashion that won't give me a heart attack . 
Congrats to the two random tenis players who are still playing tenis for 10 hours and still neading to play tomorrow . You'll never see me do anything like that , espcially in tenis . 
Hearing out for the night , take care everyone 
Tiring day tomorrow , and if they fire off a cannon at that damn parade tomorrow and I'm asleep I swear someone is gonna die 
Long day , glad that I'm off from work till Saturday . Just watchin the clock tick ever so slowly till the end of summer . 
damn why can't summer break be called winter break . I'd rather freeze my ass off that sweat it 
Nice weather outside , glad that it has decided to cool down . 
Another day , another lack of anything fun , wishes that someone would blow up a buildin once in a while , at least it'll be interestin . 
Just another boring yet fun day 
So Farve's back to playing Football , congrats hope you break that ankle against the Saints opening night . 
So Rock Band 3's list of all 83 tracks just came out . The only thing that caught my eye was the fact that Rammenstein a < PROPMALE > band was included in it . Just what we all need everyone making Nazi jokes while singing . 
already done packing ( save my TV and my Wii ) just sitting around waiting for tomorrow ) 
Already moved in , probably gonna go sit down and play a game or two 
Just sitting around with nothing to do until 7 , gonna take that time to finish a game before classes start this week . 
sad when my Seminar teacher looks like < PROPFIRST > Busey 
No class till 5 this afternoon , just gonna sit down and stay out of this heat , at least it cools off tomorrow . 
Heading home for the weekend , gonna get a few things and justify the reason why I have a minifridge in my room , since it's collecting dust . 
Back at college just listenin to some music while I unpack somethings that I got from my house . 
Gonna go read part of a book for my seminar with < PROPFIRST > Busey than probably start playin some SMT . 
sick as a dog , just lost feeling in both my arms . Wait it just came back , rather painfully might I add . 
Home for the weekend , learning that playing Halo Reach for 14 hours isn't a good idea . 
okay my school which downloads at like 50 kb a second is downloading at 3 mb's a second atm . Gonna go wonder 
Figures , the one and only time I've lost my key , the door is locked , I have to pee , and it's too late to do anything thing about it . Curse you < PROPFEMALE > Charger . 
Nothin better than sittin in your room shoot up some zombies while listening to power metal . 
So I'm reading the sports section of headlines from Fark.com before my next class and I see one for the new NFL police about head to head collisions . \Will this Sunday's rash of head-shots lead the NFL to finally ban spawn-camping ? \"" 
Just got back my paper from my seminar course . An A on a paper I bullshited about 50 percent of . Not bad 
Lesson of the day : Zombies plus bullet hell does not mix ( no not actual bullets go look it up ) 
So it's 4 in the morning , can't sleep , bloody sickness , probably just gonna watch retards play Left 4 Dead , register for my classes , then go take my bloody test in precalc . 
So I just woke up due to a blood curdling scream . Turns out I feel asleep at my computer watching a show . My luck has me waking up when a female character gets a wooden stake through her heart . Something tells me I won't be going back to be anytime before noon . 
So it's 3 in the morning , most people are asleep , but not me , no I'm listening to metal . 
Congratulations to the 48 Lowe's Team for winning an astounding 5th < PROPMALE > title . Now do us all a favor and let someone else win next year . 
I knew that thanksgiving break would change my sleeping structure . Too bad it changed it to where I sleep for 2 hours at a time like 6 times a day . 
Sitting around on what I figure is probably gonna be my last full day of relaxation before the end of the semester . 
Studying for a final tomorrow at eight AM . Proving the statement : Guns don't kill people , classes too damn early in the morning do . 
3 in the morning , got a final at 8 , and I have insomnia again . I'll be glad when the final is over . 
Final is over and I passed the class with a B- so not all that bad . Taking today off then finishing my seminar paper tomorrow . 
Almost done with the last paper of the semester , gonna take a break after working for 2 stright hours ( or HOLY SHIT DID I JUST WORK 2 HOURS ) , gonna get ready for my final tomorrow morning . 
One more final to go tomrrow . 
Nap , then last final , then packing for tomorrow . 
All packed up just gotta wait for 3:30 , gonna take a nap in the mean time . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas whoopdie fuckin doo 
Music , The Daily Show , Bed , Sleep in late , Video games in the morning . God I love college vacations . 
Cooking dinner , then watching the Saint's absolutely destroy the Seahawks later tonight . 
Well that's it I'm done watching football . 
I know this is a day late but seriously how the hell did the Seahawks get into the playoffs and get home field advantage . I'm gonna go find Goodell kick him in the kidney's till he pisses blood then make him drink it . 
Bed then work in the morning . 
God I hate it when people who think the < PROPMALE > I make is considered stealing 
Gonna go back for college tomorrow 
Apparently it's thunderstorming , in Plymouth , in early February . I'm gonna let you figure that one out . 
Gezz why is it the day before I have to be in class the most , I get the flu . 
Mental note : Getting the flu at college nets you the rest of the week off . 
So I'm sleeping off the flu and I get woken up to a loud knocking sound . Thinking it's my door I jump up open it and say hello and no one was there . Apparently it was for the room directly above me . 
Of course the flu I just had decided to leave me a present in the form of short term hearing loss 
so I get up and everything is spinning for a good minute . 
Wake up to find out that my second class of the day is canceled , bonus . 
Just got back from Bowling , god I can't stay awake . 
Thanks everyone who wished me a happy birthday . I hope you all have a good day as well . 
the NCAA basketball championship is so low scoring I don't know what I'm watching , the NCAA , or the Cavs vs the Nets 
