Is begining to regret giving her brother the icy hot patches 

Is being forced to spring clean and hates it . 
Has writer's block for her book and has no idea what to do . 
Really , really hates spring cleaning especially when it isn't Spring ! 
Is about to go venture out into the frezing coldness to go do what she loves . 
If ya don't get it the first time then ya don't wanna know . If ya can't keep up with me then ya don't really wanna . 
My friends may be crazy , but they make my world go round and I would be lost with out them . 
Is really tired of shoveling snow 
Doesn't know home much more snow she can take . Especially since she just watched a big plow get stuck and have to get shoveled out 
Isn't sure she can take much more of being stuck in the house with her brother . 
Went riding through the snow and then had her < PROPMALE > Shepherd tackle her into the snow when she got home ! Yay < PROPMALE > Shepherd ! 
Going to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland !!!!!!!! 1 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland in 3D and it was awesome ! 
First day of spring ! 
Is really , really sick of rain at the moment . 
We only got 86,400 seconds in a day to turn it all around or to throw it all away . 
Protested school budget cut backs by < PROPFEMALE > at school today cause it caused our teachers to get laid off and fired . Had so much fun sitting out on the turff feild with my friends laughing and getting our pics taken ! 
Blowing leaves has killed my shoulders 
Oh the endless possiblilities of what Liv's foal can be . Yay for foal watch and the amusement of making sure no one falls asleep by watching violent movies - explosions , guns , car crashes . So much fun 
So tired from staying up late last night . It was fun though . We didn't do anything more than what we had to today . So I went out to the feild and sat on a sleepy < PROPMALE > and then went back inside to watch some TV . Now I'm gonna take a shower and then probably pass out on my bed . 
Possibly getting a new puppy ! That'll make it three dogs and five cats 
Gots a new puppy ! She is adorable ! Her name is < PROPFEMALE > and we are coming up with a registered name . 
Stuck home babysitting the new puppy 
Finally home and able to relax 
I really don't care if you start a rumor about me to get back at me . That's babyish , immature , and stupid . And I'm really just gonna ignore you . Cause I don't care ; since I know it's not true and my actual friends know it isn't true . 
Cars are begining to look like a really unreliable way to get around . Three cars dying in two weeks . That's got to be some sort of record . 
Barn work all day , staying over tonight , and then barn work tomorrow ! 
So tired . Eat , shower , sleep 
Oh the strange conversations that begin and never end during lunch . Good times , and yet some rather scary times . 
Is wondering how in the hell snails got into her fish tank . They laid a ton of eggs and now I have baby snails all over my fish tank . And my Dragonfish loves to eat them . 
Finished Burned now on to Kiss of Death 
Debating taking a cold shower and passing out on my bed with the fan going ..... hmmmmmm 
Loves how fish keep randomly appearing in her tank . 
So much to do , so little time to do it in . And yet it still must get done . 
So very , very bored . 
Loves how her mom almost set the house on fire . Go mom 
Tired and wet . Still tired from preparing for Model < PROPFEMALE > - I still love Iran's answer to a question about Nuclear Weapons - and wet from being out in a down pour when I got home . 
Entirely too bored . 
Off to make Homemade chocolate cake and frosting ! 
I am getting so annoyed at people who are taking and using my characters as their own ! I mean seriously ?! Like I'm not gonna notice ! It's my site to help new and out coming writers ! 
Really tired . Gonna take a shower and then pass out on my bed 
Is eating sour < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just got home from stable . Soaking wet from rain ! And with two broken boots ! Off to take shower then to wallmart ! 
Is in the mood to bake things . Already made homemade brownies and cupcakes . I wonder what else I can make 
Off to see if I can get my boots repaired or if I'd be better off buying new ones ! 
I absolutely HATE my dad's puppy ! She chews on one more thing of mine and I think I'm gonna shot her ! 
Finals suck ! I'm so tired of them ! Thank god they are slmost over ! 
Sooo tired . Contemplating taking a soak and then passing out on my bed or taking a shower and then passing out on my bed . 
No more school !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Reading Dark Flame 
Barn tomorrow and Sun . Mon , Wed , and Fri at Winslow to help with a camp . Tues beach . Thurs barn . Then we do it all over again ! 
The most obvious answer to a really stupid question . Mom : \What were you doing downstairs ? \ " Me : \ " Washing laundry . \ " Mom : \ " Why ? \ " Me : \"' Cause I need clothes ?! \"" 
Went swimming and < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > Vichiconty . Then went to the stable . Next to see Eclipse with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Cleaning my room and playing with my cat . He's high on catnip . It's funny 
Well I accidentally got Sun In in my hair . Didn't quite expect it to work that well . Now my hair is strawberry blond-ish . 
So tired but I can't fall asleep ! This sucks ! 
It is too hot !!!!!!!! Just got home from working with my mom ! I was dying because it was so hot ! 
Jacob : \I kissed Bella ....... And she broke her hand ....... Punching my face ....... A little misunderstanding . \ " My favorite line in the entire movie . " 
Tent - Check\ 
Air Mattresses - Check\ 
Bug spray - Check\ 
Towels - Check\ 
Pillows - Check\ 
Flashlights/lantern - Check\ 
Air mattress pump - Check\ 
Snacks - Check\ 
Batteries - Damnit ! I knew I was forgetting something ! 
Just today and tomorrow and then a week of real vacation ! No drama from my brother or my father !!!! 
I finally got the Green Spotted Puffer Fish I wanted ! 
Looks like another long night . Bother's having a party in the basement again . 
Relaxing at home and then off to Morristown Memorial for bloodwork . Yay . 
This is me , what you get is what you see . This is me , Who I am is who I'll always be . \ 
Perfectly , imperfect , wouldn't change a thing . This is me . 
Only four more days until I leave for a \vacation\ " to Missouri to visit family . Not sure how this qualifies as a vacation . " 
Yay for some last minute packing . The road trip ought to be fun . Two days in the bronco with my dad , my mom , and my dad's dog . Oh joy . 
Oh so very tired after a long trip back from Missouri . Loved spending time with family . 
Has had a lot to think about since comming back from Missouri . But I know one thing for sure . Home is where the heart is . 
First day of school = one huge headache 
Went and saw the mustangs at the faigrounds saw two that I really liked . One of them was already adopted - he was a huge black gelding with high stockings - and the other has yet to be adopted - she's a fairly big black mare with no white on her . Would have liked to adopt her but gots no money to do so . 
Just rescued her cat from the pouring rain 
My back hurts and my knees hurt . Thank you to my brother's < PROPMALE > Shepherd for tackling me to the ground . 
Just had a very eventful afternoon and never wants to leave house again . Now my hands hurt and my wrist . 
Thinks she's gonna hid out in her room tomorrow . Bruises , cuts , and coughing don't mix very well 
Has the house to herself and is really bored 
Going to the Headless Horseman on Sunday 
I need to stop leaving my facebook signed in on the family computer 
Decisions , decisions , decsions . Why do I always end up having to make decisions about something that I'm not gonna like either way it goes ? 
Well , interesting day . Got hit on by college guy . Apparently now I am in college . Then and worked with my girl and gots her blanket on . And then watched the babies be special while trying to feed them . And then watching people be complete morons while driving . I kinda wanna stay home and hide from the maddess tomorrow 
Went to lounge Lyric today but ended up hosing off her leg instead 
Is making chocolate chip cookies 
Really , really sore today . I think I'm gonna sleep on a heating pad tonight . 
Looks like another night spent with a heating pad on my knee . So glad I don't have Gym tomorrow 
Loosing my voice and just got burned by boiling water . Thanks mom 
Home and ckeaning the kitchen before baking cookies . This ought to be interesting 
Almost has Lyric's tattoo down ! Just gotta recheck one more letter/number 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!!! 
Frosting cookies .... again . When is it gonna end ???? 
Dear wind , I would greatly appreciate it if you would stop vibrating my house so I can sleep tonight ! 
OMG ! If everyone in my house would shut up MAYBE I wouldn't have a migraine ! And instead of yelling MAYBE they could try asking quietly if there is anything that would help ! 
Finally got all of Lyric's tattoo ! 
Is so not getting any sleep tonight . 
So it's been an interesting week . And it's only Monday ! 
Shower , dinner , sleep . Sounds like a plan to me . And there better not be school tomorrow ! 
Is making cookies because of sheer boredom 
Has had one hell of a day . Want to get warm , eat , and then head to bed . Hoping tomorrow isn't as hectic ! 
To Walmart to get some heavy duty thread and sewing needles 
Well that was a fun almost four hours spent a the ER 
I WOULD get a type of tendonitis from hitting my wrist on something . Well no gym for two weeks . Or anything else that involves using my left hand 
Making Fudge 
Fudge came out awesome . I love being the only one in the house that can make it 
Still not allowed to ride or do gym or anything with my left wrist for at least another week . Basically I can't do anything until I get a cortazone shot in my wrist . This sucks 
Is really not liking this idea of cold and very , very < PROPFEMALE > days after having a 60 degree day . 
