efff school .. 

got a new phone :] 
just uploaded sum new pics on gay ass face book . [ which i never do ] so hceck em outt latez 
now things wuld be perfect if i jus had a job and car .. 
school tomorrow :/ ugh .. 5 more weeks tho ! excitedd 
it doesnt even hurt any more 
i need < PROPFEMALE > look fora job all ready .. fuck ... im so lazzzy 
got my permitttt :] finally ahaha 
sooo over everything ... 
dont u hate that feeling where u wish u were with sumbody else or sumwhere else , and also stuck in the place u hate most 
i guess all life is is what u make of it , nothing more , nothing less . .. all it is 
NEED to move back already im so over this .. 
ol englishhhh westsside til i die 
< PROPFEMALE > boreddd ahhhhhh 
lifes so much easier either being with sumone who wont ever think about letting u down , or with no one at all 
whyy do they stress u out the last weeks of school ... 
nothing in life is guarenteed 
buffet then tan at the casino with sum lokos ... :] 
dont u sumtimes wish u couldgo back in time and relive the good ass times 
ima god auntie nowww :) 
strip night w/ sum lokos ...! ;) 
being miserably tortured right now and the whole fucking summer . not like the person who shuld want to make me HAPPY , gives two fucks . 
Determined ... 
boys relly have no boundaries ... haa wow 
goin to Redondooo july 2nd FOR SURE this time . :) ... then again for THREE weeks july 24 :) 
pisseddd ..... uggh 
got a good feeling abt next month ... hopefully itll be as fun as planned :) would make my summer . also getting a phone tomorrow get at me with ur < PROPFIRST > ! 
my mom has a certain joy making me miserable 
got the Recovery album , good shit . 
fucking pissed . not like she gives a shit though . cant wait til im out of this shithole . 
got a kitten ! :) 
this weekend :) hmu 
staying strong & moving on . 
cali wednesday 4 two weeks <3 hit me up !! 310 703 9895 
of course theres ALWAYS sumone or sumthing to ruin it for me . 
brookie was here <3 
needs to go jobhunting ... 
guys can be < PROPFEMALE > annoying .. tip for guys out there that likes a girl whos not ur girlfriend yet : dont text them and call them nonstop . even if they like u at first they will get sick of u easy , so just take it slow . its more exciting that way 
volleyball starts again tomorrow :) but that also means school starts soon ... ugh 
exhaustedd 
PISSED 
he wont know what he just did until he sees the team start losing way more games than last year . i didnt know coachhes are hired to be so stupid . 
Sometimes u got to just let things happen thats out of ur control . bcuz everything happens for a reason . 
this is driving me crazzzy 
loves emineemm 
school tomorrow ... ugh . at least im graduating earlier 
\damn girl whus ur name\ " \ " uh why ? \ " hahahahah " 
and i thought i got crazy when im pissed ... wait til u see this fool . crazzzy 
Boys are so DUMB . 
Cant wait til i get my own fucking car !! 
strip time :) 
OHHH MYYY GODDDD . i cant deal with bipolar people .. like literally bipolar . they are too fucking much !!! And thats alot coming from me cuz i usually can deal n get along w all kinds of people ... 
Decided i want to get a tattoo on my ribcage .. Iwant it to be original tho . Anyone have any ideas for me ? :) 
so wrong but feels so right ... 
kind of over this lifestyle .. i need something new , like Everything . 
Every good thing in life is either illegal , immoral , or fattening . 
Love is distracting , or is it what we need to focus on and everything else is distracting ?... 
Got the Fallout from the series of Crank :) 
I hate ppl who try to manipulate , control , and take advantage of other ppl ! Im not stupid like I know why and which is why im doing the exact Oppoisite of what u want from me . 
Jackass ... :) 
Had the funniest dream :) 
Wow Halloween was .... interesting . 
you will always eventually find what you are looking for . 
Theres a point in ur life when u realize if ur gonna be strong enough to handle what life throws at you and when u realize that its not gonna stop ; so its either take it & becoming a better person in the end , or give the f*ck up 
Vegas volleyball girls lemme know which clubs r good heree i wanna play 4 my last yr ! thnxx :) 
narrow minded ppl are so ... childish . its annoying 
I wanna hate all the shit ive had to go thru & continue to go thru . but I cant because its made me that much stronger and now I know who's worth my time n who i want to stay in my life . 
finally got my phone back :) 
wtf is up with the cartoon characters ? 
hmm back to black hair .. or brown ? 
Stressed out&fustrated .... 
V.S. Fashion showww <3 
Tired of waiting for shit to get better 
I actually like not knowing what im going to do for the rest of my life just yet , where would the fun be in that ? 
\Somtimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together \"" 
CALI 28TH-2ND ! HMU <3 
Does anyone know of a music download thts legal for an mp3 player ? 
i want a jobbb already 
some people are just so fucking low ... 
job hunting todayy :) 
:) <3 
< PROPMALE > - \I wanna go on a date cuz I'm hungry . \ " \ 
Needs a good dose of South Bay .... soon !! 
Anyone know any good site to find a sonnet ( 14 line poem ) i can use for english class by < PROPMALE > ? 
yeah so what else could go wrong today ........... 
grounded .. no phone .. whats new 
There's a point in your life when you realize it's time to grow up a little ... 
mmm lobster salad <3 
you'll never know what you have til it's gone .. :'( 
can't wait till summerr <3 :) 
&& the answers always waiting at the liquor store 40oz to freedom n i know that im not comin back ... 
Sucks how we only want the things we can't have ... 
I NEED CHANGE .... can't wait till highschool is done 
Dn't you just hate when ppl are so unhappy with themselves they have to ruin someone elses relationship to make themself feel better ? Pathetic . 
I just love how ppl are getting gay tattoos ( tht are usually really small ) just b.c everyone else seems to b getting tattoos .. whatever happened as expressing originality and creativity ? 
going to go on a low-no carb diet .. hopefully i can follow thru this time lol 
facebook is getting ... reaaally gay . im just gonna start deleting ppl like bc the shit they post .. like idfc ur annoying no one cares how ure feeling to post it for the whole fucking world to see . really . no one cares . 
somtimes I wish I could go back when things were easier n better .. but it only gets harder so I guess all I can do at this point is enjoy what I have now .. 
i miss the beachhhh :/ 
Ignorant people are just a waste of oxygen and space , so if you are one of those people you should really do something about it bc u are just ruining it for the rest of us .. 
Everybody dies but not everybody lives . 
Wants to change my hair completely . Any suggestions/ideas ? I have some ideas in mind but some input is nice . :) 
So I decided like a caramel brown ( light brown ) or < PROPFIRST > blonde hair color just dont know exactly when yet probably mid of spring or beg . of summer .. :) 
Fuck being a girl sometimes guys seem like they have it so much easier lol 
My mans bday is today .. wish i could have seen him :( 
new castle w my man :) had a good night <3 
How ironic : Living in VEGAS i learn that theres more to life than just going out and having fun .. but then again ....... maybe not . Lol 
oh my godd i hate when ppl play games in relationships like be straight up or just fuck off i dont have time like that to waste 
If you obey all the rules you miss out on all the fun 
Just pierced my belly button myself ! :) 
Whats your Fav . band/artist ? I wanna listen to something new ( and good ) . all genres . 
Ftw ., and you 
I love < PROPMALE > Emmery n i accept him for who he really is whether he thinks so or not !!! <3 
its hard to trust anyone or anything u hear these days ... bc most of it is BULLSHIT . if u disagree i feel sorry how gullible and oblivious you still are 
If you love someone , let them free . If they come back to you , its meant to be . 
officially gonna move on . 
you hurt me once , ur bad . you hurt me twice , my bad . 
mmm 4Crazzy ;) 
Cali spring break :) 
out of step ( with the world ) 
\It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything \"" 
just got done listening to some Brody Dalle for over an hour .. yeah im satisfied 
