will be in Westerville ' til the 17th or 18th . Give him a call if you also aren't up to anything . 

wants to see the Black Crowes at the LC on Sunday . Anybody want to come along ? 
will give < PROPFIRST > Danzig ten bucks if he comes out of retirement and pretends that anything after Danzig III never happened . 
saw lots and lots of hippies last night . Seriously , lots of hippies . 
is happy that the Tumors finally got signed . 
is happy because the Tumors put up new tracks . 
goes back to school on the 30th . Until then , he will amuse himself by listening to Chipmunk versions of Pantera songs . 
wonders why lots of fun < PROPMALE > stuff is supposed to happen before he moves back . 
is happy again because the Tumors put up a live video . 
finally restrung his guitar . Well , maybe that's only exciting to him . 
goes back to < PROPMALE > tomorrow . 
is all moved in . 
is sitting in his dorm listening to the Germs . Is there anything going on tonight ? 
had a long , fun night . It's nice to be back . 
is trying to get the song \Maxwell Murder\ " out of his head . Look at the lyrics to the song and today's date if you don't understand . " 
should probably get cracking on that Odyssey reading he has to do . Last time , Odysseus stabbed the Cyclops in the eye with a burning , pointy stick . 
is done reading the Odyssey for awhile . He's two chapters ahead of where he's supposed to be and all Odysseus is doing is talking to his swineherd . 
hates online homework . 
thinks everybody should come to the improv jam on Saturday at 6:00 . It's in B005 in the Music and Speech Building . Yeah . 
is listening to a God's Black . 45 acoustic set before heading over to B005 for the improv jam . 
wonders how he would look with blond hair . Probably pretty stupid . 
misses the Fairhill Hooligans . Why do all the really cool local bands have to break up ? 
dares you to listen to Me First and the Gimme Gimmes ' version of \Uptown Girl\ " without giggling on the inside a little bit . " 
will be your best friend if you try out for the Portage County Players in about three weeks . He'll keep you posted if you're interested . 
is going to be back in Westerville for the weekend . Who wants to do something ? 
wishes that the Tumors would hurry up and release that new full-length already . 
just wrote a guitar riff he's proud of for the first time in forever . 
is in the process of kicking some < PROPMALE > academic ass . 
is in a hotel with a bunch of rowdy clowns . No , seriously , he is . 
is back in < PROPMALE > now . 
thinks < PROPMALE > State is a terrible place to let small children play . 
does a pretty good < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > impression , apparently . 
is a little bored . Who wants to do something ? 
is all sideways . Whoa ! 
is all sideways ! If you'd like to see him standing perpendicular to the ground , you should come to PCP improv auditions today from 5- 9:00 in the student center . They're in room 310 C . 
will literally eat his trucker hat ( for that is the grimiest of his hats ) if somebody proves that Lady Gaga isn't strung out on something . Wow , popular music ... really ? 
wants to learn how to speak Danish now . Too bad KSU doesn't offer it . 
is going to be back in Westerviile for the weekend . Hooray ! Yeah , he'll call you up for some fun times . 
wants the World Series to end so good TV will come on again . 
is bored . Anybody want to < PROPFEMALE > out tonight ? 
dreamt that he had a purple mohawk last night . It was cool . 
really likes ska music . A lot . 
apparently has the ability to \charm people's socks off\ " while leading group discussions . That's what he learned today . " 
is bored . Anybody want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
is really , really , really , really , really , really , really happy now . Yep . 
just remembered he brought his collection of casette tapes up to < PROPMALE > with him . Now he knows what he's going to do ' til improv practice at 7:00 ! 
is going to be back in Westerville this weekend . Good times are about to be had . 
is back in Kent ... ' til Wednesday . That's almost pointless . 
is off to the Gyro . Punk nights are back ! Woo-hoo ! 
likes his hair . 
is writing a cool song . Yeah . You'll have to listen to it sometime once it's done . 
thinks everybody needs to listen to Belgian punk music . Mainly Funeral Dress , ' cause Flatcat is lame . 
has a new goal in life : to get a band going so he can tour Canada and get interviewed by Nardwuar . He's a funny little canuck . 
just saw PNR imprv do a show . They sang a song about his hair . That was fun . 
got pelted by hail , soaked by freezing cold rain , and powdered with snow flurries . All in one day . Goddamn < PROPMALE > weather ... 
is about to go draw some pictures for his Great Books final . Time to earn that easy B+ . 
only has to take three finals now . He'll be back in < PROPMALE > on Friday . 
had a really good night last night . His GPOS is still subdued . 
hates having a short attention span . 
is happy because his final is going to be easy and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting into the Rock Hall in 2010 . 
is back in < PROPMALE > . 
will give somebody money if they give him a ride up to < PROPMALE > and a place to crash for a few days some time after Christmas . 
thinks that sledding ' til two in the morning is the best idea ever . Everybody should try it . 
is getting confused by this whole \unseasonable warmth\ " thing that's going around . " 
is will be in < PROPMALE > for a few days starting tomorrow . Yay ! 
has one week of break left . 
just saw \Youth In Revolt\ " . It was a surprisingly good movie . " 
hates it when he's too awake to go to sleep but not awake enough to write stuff . Typos suck . He's amazed there aren't any in this status update . 
three more days of break . 
is back in < PROPMALE > . He also wonders if the French Lady's plight in New York resolved itself . 
wonders why movie versions of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > books always suck . 
isn't up to much . If anybody wants to do something , let me know . 
is having a nice \syllabus collecting day \"." 
' s Script Analysis teacher is a total nutbag . 
is staying in tonight . Time to watch my favorite senselessly violent movie and then go to bed . 
is seeing Zombieland tonight . Time to watch NBK to compare Woody Harrelson performances . Yay ! 
found out that Stark Campus is putting on a production of \Crazy For You\ " . Poor bastards ... " 
has to go to French class now . Then he has to write a summary . But then he has improv , so it's all good . 
has to read Beowulf today . Good thing he already read it in high school . 
' s Distillers t-shirt came in the mail today . This is a good day . 
is going to audition for some lab shows today . Hopefully he still has his script-acting chops . 
thinks his audition went well . Now we play the waiting game . 
' s GPOS has been flaring up pretty hardcore today . 
agh ... bored . 
is going to be in Westerville this weekend . Who's not up to anything ? 
has finally finished his collages for his class tomorrow . 
is in The Dead < PROPFEMALE > Conspiracy . 
will be in Westerville this weekend . 
is back in < PROPMALE > . He also gives a thumbs-up to the Westerville South Theatre Department . That play was good times . 
' s costuming homework is a pain in the ass . It's not hard , mind you . Just tedious . 
' s night class got cancelled because of the snow . Cool . 
hopes the snow keeps up so he won't have to take his French test . That'd be cool . 
is excited for Tuesday . This weekend should be awesome , too . 
figured out how to play Roadhouse Blues today . Good times . 
got a copy of \I Am < PROPFEMALE > And So Can You ! \ " for eight bucks today . " 
may not like < PROPMALE > Matthews ' music , but the < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s flavor that bears his name is really good . 
is off to French class . He hopes Julien will like his essay about a world without the government watching everybody . 
had a fun read-through last night . Let the line memorization commence ! 
' s roommate is watching Home Improvement despite the fact that there is good TV on right now . 
' s writer's block is finally gone ! Time to get some playwrighting done . 
just put up his hair . And now his room is filled with hairspray fumes . Too bad Centennial B's windows don't open . WHEEEEEEEE ! 
' s roommate is watching \According to Jim\ " now . He must be afraid of good TV . " 
promises this will be the last status change . There are three girls in their pajamas in the fetal position having what appear to be distressing cellphone conversations in different parts of the main hallway . Did a memo go out or something ? 
' s roommate likes < PROPFIRST > Lopez , too . Seriously . Why doesn't he like good TV ? 
is all sideways and stuff . 
is amazed by how badass punk songs sound in Spanish . Too bad the same can't be said for French ... yet ... 
thinks you should come see the Portage County Players tonight at B005 in the Music and Speech Building . Show up at 6 if you want to join in . If you don't , he'll disown you . 
wrote two papers today . Now that's some legit productivity . 
' s brain is fried now . If he sees another copy of The Great Gatsby , he's going to start having traumatic flashbacks . 
' s literature professor made a Wu-Tang Clan reference in the last quiz . No , seriously , he did . 
is having the best day ever . He'd put \ever\ " in italics if it were possible . Yeah . " 
just laughed really hard and got a buzz . Is that normal ? 
why does < PROPFIRST > Depp have to ruin everything ? 
is writing a paper about three of < PROPFIRST > Bowie's personas for his costuming class . It's interesting , but really tedious . This may take awhile . 
wants to do a hip hop dance on F . < PROPFIRST > Fitzgerald's grave and then urinate profusely on it . 
is officially done with writing long papers about The Great Gatsby . Words can't describe how happy he is right now . 
just got back from doing an improv set at the B005 farewell ceremony . Good times . He's going to miss that grungey little performance space . 
feels better now . 
is so glad that all of his classes have collectively decided to force him to assume the position right before spring break . He also hopes you can detect the sarcasm . 
wants you to come see the Portage County Players tonight at 8:00 in room D205 in the Music and Speech building . Failure to do so will result in him disowning you or getting fired by < PROPFIRST > . You do not want these things . 
is on spring break now . Fun times ? 
really wants to see that movie about The Runaways . However , he knows that no matter what , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > will be a dissapointing shell of what < PROPFIRST > Jett is supposed to be . 
is baffled by the sudden strange casting choices in rock biopics lately . < PROPMALE > Wood = Iggy Pop ? Really ? 
almost got hit by an old man driving a forty-year-old car like in \Mechanized Death\ " today . Those fins were insanity on wheels . " 
is reading the most messed up rockstar memoir ever . Seriously , it makes \The Dirt\ " look like a long version of \ " Good Night Moon \"." 
dit \je ne vu pas aller au < PROPFEMALE > classe du francais . Il est barbant . \ " He is pretty sure his French is accurate there . Yeah . " 
wonders why classes feel the need to have two midterms . That's just annoying . 
is in the middle of hell week for The Dead < PROPFEMALE > Conspiracy . You should come see it next week . 
learned that his counterculture of choice is very \Dada \"." 
just found out that the only movie theatre playing The Runaways movie near < PROPMALE > is in < PROPMALE > . LAME . 
thinks you should come see The Dead < PROPFEMALE > Conspiracy open preview tonight at 8:00 in room D302 in the Music and Speech Building . And , while you're at it , come to the actual performances , too . 
believes that Titanium Dioxide is nasty stuff . To find out why and see < PROPFIRST > on the recieving end of some violence , come to The Dead < PROPFEMALE > Conspiracy tomorrow at 7:00 PM in room D203 of the Music and Speech Building . 
is happy that The Dead < PROPFEMALE > Conspiracy went really well for both performances . Now it's costume homework time . As for tonight , that's up for grabs . 
saw Kick Ass yesterday . It was fun and violent , but apparently strayed away from the comic book . Now he has to read the comics to see what < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is talking about . 
just learned that ICP doesn't understand many things and that GG Allin = untampered awesomeness . 
is going to check out the student film festival thing at the KIVA tonight . Should be good times . 
now reads everything required for classes in a fake < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > voice so he'll actually pay attention to it . 
' s G string snapped while he was re-stringing his guitar . Acoustics are a pain in the ass . 
knows several girls who take less time in the bathroom in the morning than his roommate . It's getting rediculous . 
is going back to Westerville tomorrow for approximately 26 hours . Then it's time for improv/DBC cast party antics . 
hasn't bathed in two days . Probably should get on that . Don't judge him . 
is back in < PROPMALE > . My Fair Lady and the Runaways movie was pretty good times . 
wants to punch finals week in the mouth . 
would murder finals week if it were a person . Murder it right in the face . With a knife . And some napalm . So basically he'd go \Apocalypse Now\ " on its ass . " 
is amazed at how insane he gets after excessive sleep deprivation . Case in point : his last status update . But seriously , though . He didn't get to bed ' til 6 AM . 
owes a considerable debt to the Runaways . Long story . 
has one more final tonight . Then it's Inner Sanctum time . 
has only been back for summer for a grand total of two hours and has already met two cool petitioners from Arizona ... and a < PROPFIRST > full of Juggalos . 
thinks that Dr. Hook and the Medicine show should get inducted into the Rock Hall or something . However , if this incredibly unlikely event occurs , Shel Silverstein should be inducted , too , for writing pretty much all of the lyrics . 
wishes Hoff Woods Park would quit putting up those bat-house things . He likes the idea of helping the ecosystems and whatnot , but bats suck . 
picked up a copy of the Runaways movie soundtrack . It's better than the actual movie . 
gets to sign paperwork today so the government knows that he's still in college , and therefore would like to keep having medical insurance . Ah , summer fun ... 
wonders if his sense of humor would sell in England ? They seem to like weird stuff . 
thinks that ODB = awesomeness . Dude was insane . 
should see a shrink or something . He keeps having terrifying dreams about rabbits . 
needs to get some iTunes money to buy some Black Sabbath tracks . The \Paranoid\ " album is not enough . " 
is bored , but confused as to what he's seeing outside right now . The appears to be one small child walking another small child on a leash . Suburbs are weird ... 
hates doing yardwork . Now his hands smell of manure and dead fun . 
has mad sewing skills . 
is down to play some music . Anybody in the Westerville/Columbus area interested ? 
says goodbye to his mohawk and commends it for its seven months of a badass-ness . 
learned that male Australian Redback spiders are masochists . You can learn some interesting things when you're waiting for a car to get fixed . 
< PROPFIRST > Hopper's dead now , too ? Celebrities are starting to drop like flies again . 
thinks you should go to funnyordie.com and watch \The Dead < PROPFEMALE > Conspiracy \"." 
will be at Westerville South's graduation today , so he'll probably be busy all day . Tomorrow's open , though . 
is back from the graduation stuff a lot sooner than he thought he'd be . 
wrote a song that contains no power chords . He has literally never done that . 
is auditioning for PNR tomorrow . 
thinks he did pretty well in his audition for PNR . He hopes that the whole \I can't start ' til late August\ " thing won't throw too huge of a wrench into the works . " 
is so close . The bottle-shaped present Mars Tosko gave him is just mocking him now . Just you wait , bottle-shaped present . I'll drink you yet . Then I'll be laughing , for obvious reasons . 
got his new horizontal driver's license today . People at the BMV need to chill the hell out , though . 
is 21 today . He would like to thank everybody for the birthday greetings . 
is not < PROPMALE > over . Good times . 
has a mission for today : invent a new drink . A drink so stiff that it could kill a Bison . \Why a bison ? \ " you ask ? I don't know . It sounds cool . " 
has some old school rap on his iPod now . 
is using hotel wifi ! Yeah ! 
saw the Hope < PROPFEMALE > , the Rastafari room , and an ancient squirrel today . 
has been listening to too much Eminem lately . It's starting to mess with his vocabulary . 
is looking for something to do . He has writer's block at the moment . 
just found out that a third Jackass movie is going to come out . It's supposed to be in 3D , too . I like some stupid stunts/pranks/street improv , but something tells me there's going to be more than a few things in that movie that nobody wants to see all 3 dimensions of . 
is getting tired of being told how awesome Twilight is . Granted , he may see the new movie , but only if a plethora of intoxicants are offered for his pre-movie consumption . 
just watched the movie Red < PROPFEMALE > . If you need him , he will be off living in the woods pointing a firearm in the air screaming \WOLVERINES ! \"" 
just wrote a rap about being an alien . Like the outer space kind . Yeah . 
had a short , but fun stay with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and his family . Together , they discovered that Adventureland is a good , but very frustrating movie . Seriously . Dude man needed to leave well enough alone . 
just had to explain to his father how iTunes gift cards work . This is one of the drawbacks of summer . 
thinks math should go die . 
has to go to the hospital today . Woo-hoo . 
would like anybody who read his last status update to know that everything's fine . He'd never seen a doctor raise his eyebrows like that before , but he is getting the mole removed a week from today . Yeah . Good times . 
thought Inception was pretty good . It would have been better if he didn't have to piss the entire time he was seeing it . 
would like to take this time to wish < PROPMALE > S . Thompson a happy birthday . If he were still alive , he'd be the coolest 71-year-old man ever . 
mourns the untimely death of his iPod . He is now declaring a vendetta on puddles to avenge it . 
can't put into words how badly he'd like to go medieval on math . 
is going under the knife today . Hooray for local anesthesia ! 
doesn't have a mole on his foot anymore . Now he gets to wait three days to find out if it was skin cancer . 
wishes that airport websites would tell you useful things , like whether there's a bar or not . 
wishes his foot stitches would stop chaffing , but the doctor did do some quality back-stitching on the wound . It's like the doctor used a sewing machine . These stitches aren't going anywhere . 
needs to quit watching stuff like NBK or Fear and Loathing before bed . Crazy dreams , dude . Crazy . 
will be in math tutoring pretty much all day . He suddenly feels very compelled to drink . 
just spent the last six hours doing math . If he doesn't pass that quiz tomorrow , then he may have to invest in a helmet . 
has a question for the young people . Who decided those fitted caps that look like the faces of Sesame Street characters were badass ? 
is watching random interviews on youtube while listening to loud music at the same time . Why ? Because he likes to party . 
is just killing time ' til the 13th at this point . It's going to be good times . 
now owns two Grateful Dead shirts ; one of which may be haunted . Go ahead , revoke his punk card if you want . 
can't wait to see how bad he bombed that math quiz . Will he get a 15% ? 48% ? Not knowing is half the fun ! 
is watching the battle rap scenes from 8 Mile for the first time on a medium that's not censored heavily . Whoa . 
thought it was cool that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was on the Colbert Report last night . Totally called what song he was going to play , too . 
will be sitting on one of many airplanes this time next week . Hopefully he won't be situated next to any creepy chatty people . 
has been getting in to Law and Order SVU . He likes being able to predict what's going to happen next without too much thought . 
is going to have a better weekend than you . Too bad he has to put up with the rest of the week first . 
goes to California tomorrow to get into some debauchery with Mars Tosko for a weekend . Apparently it's a good twenty degrees cooler there than it is in < PROPMALE > . Snoogens . 
is back from California . That trip was crazy as hell . 
invented a brutal movie-based drinking game last night . It is not for the low-tolerance drinker . Best twenty bucks I ever spent . 
will be in < PROPMALE > this time next week . 
just watched a movie that was nothing but some dude eating lollipops , doing cocaine , and giving internal monologues while shooting people . It's crazy what you can buy for a < PROPMALE > at a closing Blockbuster . 
forgot how irritating shaggy hair can be . That means one thing : I need my mohawk back . Anybody know somebody who could give me one for cheap ? I'd do it myself , but I don't trust myself with sharp electronic devices . 
will be in < PROPMALE > in about 48 hours give or take . Gotta get some packing done eventually . 
is looking for somebody to play guitars with once he gets back to < PROPMALE > . Who's down for some jamming ? 
is going to try to enjoy his last day in Westerville . This should be easy to accomplish , provided his parents can finally come to terms with the fact that it doesn't take him 24 hours to pack . 
mission for tomorrow : get a mohawk again . Seriously , dude . I'm starting to look like < PROPMALE > Browne . It's not funny . 
is back in < PROPMALE > . Did you miss him ? Because he missed you . He missed you this big . 
has Playwrighting today . Should be good times . Hopefully < PROPFEMALE > will be cool . 
didn't know that \choicest\ " was a word . Doesn't seem like it should be . It sounds like a snooty version of \ " bestest \"." 
thinks that you need to see Machete . If you don't , then you clearly hate things that are awesome . 
has to do homework now , but then he gets to go to PNR . Good times . 
just wrote the darkest silent scene ever . It may very well be the darkest thing he's ever written . Hopefully < PROPFEMALE > will like it . Does anybody know if she likes that sort of thing ? 
does not want to look like < PROPFIRST > Reynolds . 
wishes google translator would leave him alone on facebook . He didn't need to know how to say \toilet\ " in five different languages . " 
hopes that some provroids and O'Douls will be in the forecast for the weekend . That'd be cool . 
is saddened now . Not only has he done multiple status updates ( which he hardly ever does ) , but he has just been notified that the same person that did Nip/Tuck does Glee . There are not enough letters in the word LAME to convey how he feels about this . Nip/Tuck still kicks ass , though . 
is about to brush up on his Dadaism for Theatre History tomorrow . Fun times , indeed . 
is kicking some < PROPMALE > academic ass . All he needs to do is quit looking like a bumbling idiot in his Theatre History class . Dada plays ( plays whose main point is that they aren't supposed to have meaning ) have meaning to them ? Who knew ? 
lost his bandana last night . Lame . 
is starting to become a class clown of sorts . 
is off to Playwrighting . Time to weird people out with my monologue . 
wait ; there's a new Methods of Mayhem album ? Ugh ... why , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ? Just why ? 
has written three songs today . Punk rock and boredom go together well . 
is about to dive into massive amounts of creative writing . It's all required for classes , too . It's weird when homework is fun . 
is having a relatively nice , lazy Sunday . He is open for any sort of hanging out anybody might want to do , particularly if it has anything to do with the new Metalocalypse that's coming on tonight . 
somehow forgot that < PROPMALE > MacFarlane rules FOX with an iron fist on sundays . The dude's like a spoiled kid at the playground who needs to have one of his toys taken away . 
thinks you should come see him and the rest of the Portage County Players perform this Friday in D205 in the Music and Speech Center at 5:00 . There will be hilarity , romance , awesomeness , and some dude named < PROPFIRST > . 
is going to spend the day getting some writing done for his classes , then it's PNR time . Hopefully he'll finally be able to \get out of his head\ " in rehearsal today . That would be awesome . " 
is still alive . Therefore , you should see him and the Portage County Players be all awesome today at 5:00 in room D205 at the Music and Speech Building . 
should probably do some laundry at some point . Then he's off to get his next fix of provroids . 
can't wait to debut \Awesome Doctors : The Play : The Scene ! \ " in playwrighting tomorrow . My classmates are about to have their minds blown by hilarious awesomeness . " 
just got stabbed by Deadpool . You're welcome , internet . 
has had enough Theatre History III studying . If he does anymore , his head will explode . 
feels compelled to listen to grunge . 
needs a black coat , white shoes , a black hat , and a Cadillac . Preferably in time for Halloween . I'm trying to be a time bomb . Get it ? It's a Rancid reference . 
needs to stop putting his mohawk up before classes . It's like a giant , pointy \CALL ON ME ! \ " sign for professors . " 
is just going to stick to writing scripts from now on . 
just found the copy of Point Break that he bought a month ago but never watched . Let the hilarity and bank robberies commence . 
needs to get over this cold as soon as possible . He can't be sick for GWAR ; they can smell weakness . 
feels much better today . Now he doesn't have to worry about infecting GWAR with earth sicknesses . 
is debating whether or not he wants to see that facebook movie . It seems like it's a good movie , but at the same time , it looks like 8-Mile but with nerds instead of awesome freestyle rapping scenes . 
There's a new Down album ? Why didn't I hear of this sooner ? 
is off to Theatre History . Ugh ... this might suck . 
needs some Mad Dog , STAT . His previous assumption was correct . 
Survived GWAR and met the guitar player from the Casualties . It was quite an eventful night . 
can't wait to debute Awesome Doctors II in playwriting later . Only seven hours and forty-two minutes to go ! 
has to wait until Monday to showcase Awesome Doctors II . Lame . Hopefully < PROPFEMALE > will remember that that's what she said was going to happen . 
liked Jackass 3D . He gets the feeling that lots of the good stuff is going to be put in as a bonus feature when it comes out on DVD . 
finally saw Cloud Nine . It was good times . Nice job , everybody that was involved with it . 
gets to peruse through some essays then has to meet with Dr. Bank and Professor O'Connor before Creative Non-Fiction . He will be in desperate need of some fun times starting at 8:15 . 
is about to go buy some new strings for the guit-box . Hopefully he won't break them in a week this time . 
has finally put on the new strings . Let operation annoy the neighbors commence ! 
is having trouble thinking of an idea for his playwriting homework . Ugh . 
an idea has been developed . Too bad the assignment is really vague . That's < PROPFEMALE > for you . 
has finished writing his scene and is now bored as hell . 
is not in a good mood . There are not enough letters in the words \train wreck\ " to describe how his work went over today . Back to the drawing board . " 
loves him some Guns n ' Roses . Rocket < PROPFEMALE > is epic . 
got to play a snake that turned into Satan , a profane hardass , and a guy trying to open a safe in playwriting . Good times . If getting acting work was that easy in real life , he'd probably be at least a cult favorite by now . 
thinks that you should come see the Portage County Players tonight at 5:30 in the music and speech building . There will be a costume contest and lots of weird people doing improv in costume . Should be good times . 
wore a pig mask for at least four hours yesterday . Good times . 
is going to take a walk . Maybe looking at the fallout of last night's insanity will calm me down . 
wishes the phrase \Gabba Gabba Hey\ " was a socially acceptable greeting . That would be both hilarious and punk as hell . " 
can't remember if the critiques he's supposed to make for Creative Non-Fiction are supposed to be one < PROPFEMALE > or two . Anything over a few paragraphs for something like this seems like overkill . 
is frustrated beyond all human comprehension right now . Class is going to suck . 
has an interesting day ahead of him , apparently . 
had a really good meeting with < PROPFEMALE > just now . He feels like celebrating . 
would like to know if there are any open blues jams or anything in the < PROPMALE > area . Does anybody know of such things ? 
almost watched V for Vendetta last night . Then he fell asleep . He apologizes for any snoring he may have done . 
is bored as hell . Anybody want to chill or watch a movie or something ? 
just finished his next scene for playwriting . He's not sure how he feels about it . It's different than anything else he's written , if nothing else . 
is in the process of looking over Brecht's ' Short Oraganum\ again . Hopefully he'll not freak out as hard during tomorrow's test . " 
is battling a pretty potent case of pre-test anxiety right now . Fun times will be neccesary later . 
is panicking . 
didn't completely hate < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim . They could have dialed the indie back by about a thousand percent , though . It was starting to hurt me physically towards the end . 
is very surprised by the awesomeness of today's weather . Anybody down for a walk by the river ? 
has cabin fever . Time to go walk around aimlessly until I find something to do . 
' s playwriting professor fell asleep in class today . No , really , she did . 
is slightly alarmed . There is an extremely large gaggle of hipsters outside his window . 
couldn't help but notice that the weather is grunge has hell today . 
thinks \Sing Sing Death House\ " is probably his favorite album ever . " 
is ready for some PNR and guit-box shredding . All in the same night , too . Good times . 
is going to have an awesome day . There will be lots of crazy tomfoolery withJason < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > with some other awesomeness before that . Let's go . 
really wishes that nights would quit ending like they did last night . This is starting to get annoying . 
feels better . A strange combination of Cock Sparrer and Smashing Pumpkins make for an interesting start to the day . 
will be back in Westerville later today and will be in town until Saturday . Anybody in that area want to chill ? 
is back in Westerville . Yep . 
just remembered why he hates suburbs . 
It's Thaksgiving . Just in case any of you crazy people forgot . 
needs some actual food . Beer and cheetos don't count as dinner . 
thinks everybody should go to the PNR Toys for Tots show tonight at 7:30 at the Quirk Cultural Center in Cuyahoga Falls . If you don't go , he'll disown you . 
feels really happy today for some reason . 
is losing his mind . 
just triumphed in the face of adversity . It was cool . 
But seriously , this semester needs to end . NOW . 
Laundry , playwriting homework , and a walk to Kinko's in the snow ? That sounds so fun . 
thinks you should come watch his playwriting class ' final play presentation tonight at 6:15 . Wait , you're not driving , are you ? No ? Good . 
is bummed . Evening classes are cancelled , which means the playwriting final presentation and improv probably are , too . 
is declaring a vendetta against snow . Now where did I put my baseball bat with a nail hammered through it in a comical fashion ? 
thinks that you should come see the Portage County Players tonight at 6:00 in room D302 in the Music and Speech Building . There will be merriment and improvisation for all ! 
was going to put his hair up today . Then he looked outside . 
never has to take another French class as long as he lives . 
never has to write another Creative Non-Fiction critique ever again . Good times . 
hopes everybody will come see PNR's last show of 2010 tonight at 7:30 at the Quirk Cultural Center . Fun times will be had . 
is bored and isn't allowed to play guitar in his dorm anymore today . Stupid finals week quiet hours ... 
can't see buildings that are across the street because it's snowing so hard . Gotta love that lake . 
would beat the hell out of snow if it was a person . Seriously . Can't even see Koonce , a bulding that is maybe eighty feet away . 
is watching idiots attempt to build a snowfort . 
really really wishes this semester could find a hole in the wall and just DIE ALREADY . 
is going to take his geography final today . Can't wait to take a final that's mainly common sense . 
will be back in Westerville tomorrow . Yep . 
It's over . This semester is finally over . 
back in Westerville . Yay . 
is watching Nip/Tuck Season 5 . Sorry , Norm Tubero . You know I'll just want to watch the entire thing again , though . 
just finished season 5 . Whoa . Now I need to check out season 6 next time the library's open . 
is bummed that he missed Point of No Return Improv practice tonight . This is why winter break is boring . 
got his mom into Ninja Warrior . Almost makes up for being profiled at Office < PROPMALE > earlier . 
got a B- in Creative Non-fiction . There aren't enough letters in the phrase \pissed off\ " to describe how he's feeling right now . Excellent way to start the day . " 
did , however , pass Theatre History III . This is awesome . 
doesn't need none of your bedroom-bruised sweet-box . There , he quoted song lyrics in a status . Tell him how awesome and deep he is . Fifty likes will do . 
' s dad just called him a hippie . 
is going through improv withdrawal . He'll be back in < PROPMALE > by the 8th , though . 
needs to get back to < PROPMALE > ASAP . If he doesn't , birds will eat him . 
starts classes again tomorrow . Should be good times . 
feels like an old person in his < PROPMALE > of Acting class . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > knows what I'm talking about . Seriously , where did all these freshmen come from ? Does nobody else want to learn the < PROPMALE > of acting ? 
has class in an hour . He can't wait to have a syllabus read out loud to him . Not to mention all of the class rules ( i.e. \you can't plagiarize stuff\ " or \ " you can't threaten people . \")" 
hasn't been on facebook for awhile . Could it be that he's successfully defeated his demons ? 
really needs to get out of the dorms . One washer and dryer for a floor of thirty people ? The hell is that crap ? 
just hurt his finger slightly playing air drums too aggressively . That's how kickass he is . 
will give you a high-five and/or a hug if you buy him a Viletones album . 
thinks you need to come see PNR's January Benefit show tonight at 7:30 in the Quirk Cultural Center . Come on out for fun times for a good cause . Oh , and to see off some hippie named < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > or something . It's his last show . 
last night was fun . I probably shouldn't touch Mountain Dew for awhile , though . 
has a Formal Logic quiz and Portage County Players board meeting today . And this , children , is what school is supposed to be like . 
finally finished reading Olaudah Equiano's interesting narrative for his American Lit class . Now , for homework , he must get started on reading- Another slave narrative ? Huh . 
is about to write some craziness with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Norm Tubero . That's what we Fellas do . 
knows it must be bad weather if < PROPMALE > State cancelled all classes . Hooray for snow days . 
had yet another snow day today and is probably going to get another one tomorrow . Gotta love those ass-backwardly heavy winter storms when they come through the snowbelt . 
And just as quickly as the death storm started , it ended . Now there's sun . Seriously , what the hell , Ohio ? 
had a lot of fun in AOA today . ' twas quite an interesting game of Freeze , indeed . 
wishes < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > the best of luck out in Chicago and thanks him for everything . 
woke up with mystery scrapes everywhere . 
is about to head off to AOA . If we play \zoof\ " any longer than ten minutes I may have to deck somebody . " 
thinks you should come try out for the Portage County Players on Thursday . 
Today is going to suck pretty hard . Good thing I've got Point of No Return Improv practice later . 
has yet another day that will test the limits of his already frayed sanity , but then there's Portage County Players auditions . You should go to them . 
is going to see the Wailers today . Good times , indeed . 
The Wailers were epic . Definitely worth sitting through Sublime < PROPMALE > . Too bad I was sick as a dog the whole time . 
is still a little bit sick and it's < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Seems appropriate . 
is confused by the sudden popularity of owls . 
needs to be completely better tomorrow . If he misses improv , he'll go insane . 
is about to head to class . Can't wait to see how much I'll not like Faulkner the second time around . The Sound and the Fury = Annoying reading . 
Scratch that . Faulkner is much more tolerable when your professor is as sarcastic as you are and you don't have to worry about writing a 14-page paper about it after you're done . 
Holy crap ! It actually IS warm outside . 
can't wait for Queens of the Stone Age with Norm Tubero and Jiggity < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Is it March yet ? 
and the Portage County Players are going to be in the < PROPMALE > Stater on Monday . That's awesome . 
well , the Stater was improv-less today , but at least my least favorite literature class got cancelled ! Good times . 
A snow storm so bad that it's predicted that an inch will accumulate every hour ? And the storm's expected to last ' til 10 AM ? If I have class tomorrow , I'm going to be so pissed . 
And of course nothing got cancelled . Why do I get the overwhelming feeling that today is going to suck harder than any day ever has ? Improv should cheer me up , hopefully . 
has another crap day of classes ahead of him . Good thing that serenade from Point of No Return Improv last night put his morale where it needed to be . 
is writing some new songs . Gotta get on that open mic circuit , dude ! 
is already up . I really wish my brain would let me sleep more , I have a show to do tonight . 
Violins ?! Really ? Why would a person need to play violin in the stairwell of all places ? That's where EVERYBODY can hear you ! I hate living in dorms SO MUCH . But seriously , come see PNR tonight . 
is still pumped about how well the PNR Anniversary show went last night . 
Has a < PROPFIRST > Glitter song stuck in his head . And it's not the one where he just yells \HEY ! \ " over and over again . " 
is starting up a new writing project . Fun stuff . 
will be playing at the Performing Arts Library open mic lunch this Friday at the crack of noon . You should come if you feel inclined to watch me play novelty acoustic punk songs . 
Do you want to hear < PROPFIRST > play songs he wrote that are awesome ? Then you should come to the open mic thing at the Performing Arts Library tomorrow . It starts at noon , but he won't be going on ' til about 12:45 . 
Open mic today . Let's go . 
Got a high-five from a classically-trained cellist and violinist yesterday . Apparently his set went over well . 
Question of the semester : do I really want to stay an English < PROPMALE > ? 
Question of the moment : Why the hell would I ask facebook for advice that effects my life ? Damn , I'm dumb . 
Well , today's certainly gotten off to an excellent start . Good thing I have improv later , or I'd probably be out doing something stupid . 
Gets his US Lit midterm back today . Stuff like this usually sets the tone for the whole day . I'll keep my bony little fingers crossed . 
Oh , in case you were wondering , I got a 98% on that midterm . Still stoked about that . 
almost learned something today . 
really likes \Lolita . \ " Too bad all the books he's required to read aren't this awesome . " 
Just deleted a handful of people who he hasn't spoken to/heard from in years from his \friend list\ " . Some of these people he didn't even remember meeting . Twenty bucks says I'll get another friend request from at least one of them by the time the day is over . Thus is how facebook rules the world . " 
Hey , Life ! Fuck you ! Your friend , < PROPFIRST > . 
managed to calm himself down just now by thinking about lost weekends in faraway states . This summer , he's ready for round two whenever Mars Tosko is . 
So it's the nicest outside that it's been all semester , and I have class ' til 5 . Makes sense . 
is back in Westerville for spring break . Hooray . 
Has realized that growing facial hair is weird when you're not used to it . Like text messaging or thinking . 
went to Westerville South tonight for the first time in over a year . It was weird . Chaz Greedmonkey III should've won . 
looks more grunge than Norm Tubero now . Facial hair is weird . 
To shave or not to shave ? That is the question . 
