what did i ever do to them !?!?! 

no more disney:'( ... but beach maybe :] 
SANDESTIN !!! 
finally got in to our condo-thing . pretty nice !! 
hanging at the beach !! 
leaving ... again ... ugh 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is Dead !!!! 
heading home ( again ) tomorrow 
WATCH THIS ITS PRETTY AWSOME ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tScm-eZInBE 
work tonight ... always fun ... 
My school is sooo messed up ! http://www.chattanoogan.com/articles/article_154214.asp 
HAPPY 4TH !!! 
morning people 
starts camp 2morro ... fun fun 
golf is to complex ... i dont care enough to care about what kinda ball im using , how many clubs i have , what kind of club i have , or what my hybrid looks like next to my driver ... i just dont care ... in soccer all u need to really worry about is having a bal 
Rosettastone is pretty sweet 
i just love work ... so much fun ... the people and everything ... its just great ... 
almost home .... ah 
why is that when the person is alive people dont care for movies about the person or songs they sang ... but when the person is dead theire movies and song hit the top ?!? 
my laptop is making really high pitched sounds and its getting kinda annoying !!! 
waiting ... 
just got back from an awsome dinner at Taco Mamacita !! 
well that was fun ... 
When ending a day you should never say “I could have” , “I should have” , or “I would have” . At the end of the day you should always say “I did” ... 
the iphone concept is starting to get qnnoying 
Life may not lead you where you want , but have faith and you are exactly where you were meant to be ... 
\Forget about all the reasons why something may not work . You only need to find one good reason why it will . \ " ~ Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
\There'll be two dates on your tombstone And all your friends will read ' em But all that's gonna matter is that little dash between ' em . \"" 
does anyone \tweet \"?" 
THIS IS SO RETARDED !!! 
AWSOME !!! i finally have wireless again !!! 
back to school ... no phone ... fun fun :/ 
akward first day ... People from Signal Creat ... going to youth ? time ? 
schools good ... no phone sucks ! 
life has that one word question thats in everyones mine for everything no matter what it is ... \why ? \ " then ever past has that starts with the two letter word ... \ " if \"" 
If you judge people , you have no time to love them 
does she even no :( ? 
its not working :( 
Some people come into our lives and quickly go . Some stay for awhile and leave footprints on our hearts . And we are never the same when there gone ... in politics , your enemies can’t hurt you , but your friends will kill you ... ( you know who you are , the onee this is about ) IM SORRY ** i’ve heard you can only fall in love once but when i hear her voice i fall in love all over again**(someone else ) 
:'( oh well ... football game tonight 
learn from your mistakes cuz if you dont nothing will matter anymore 
whens the game ? 
it was fun when it lasted ... 
wellness is so weird ... how do you look up another country's way of fitness ? 
:( 
ITS SO RETARDED 
humm ... game ? 
oh my god ! 
GOD DANG !! GOT TEXTING TAKEN AWAY !! 
Back from 6 Flags --> Awsome Day !!! 
French 2 ppl ... i need help with that family tree project 
R . I . P to all the fallen ... may you be at peace again 
Has to do this stupid family tree thing all over again ... UGH 
French people ... are you doing only one side of ur family or both ? 
:'( 
wants to go play soccer :( 
still wants to play soccer :'( 
Forgiveness does not change the past , but it does enlarge the future . ~ Paul Boese 
It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend . ~ William < PROPFIRST > 
do u really no care if that hurts me ?!?! 
going to work at the lookouts soon ... last weekend :( :D 
feels like crap :( ugh 
yawn 
we finally got the cat to settle down ... ugh ... 
french people ... i need help 
why ? 
needs someone who can kick butt ( martial arts ) 
tired of this ... 
my wellness class ... ping pong or badminton ?!?! humm ... 
why would go that far ? 
COFFEE !! 
Inspired by faith , driven by hope 
ugh my teeth hurt !!! 
never new i could hate braces so much 
homecoming dance ? humm ...? 
Watching heroes !! 
well that was a waste of time ... 
AWSOME NIGHT !!! 
Take the time to listen to the silence ... 
\Where does everybody go when they go ? They go so fast I don't think they know We hate too fast and we love too slow\ " ~ Pink ( Ave < PROPFIRST > A ) " 
making money and going to the movies 
\I don't wanna be the ( person ) who has to fill the silence ... The quiet scares me ' cause it screams the truth ... \ " ~ Pink ( sober ) " 
\FEAR : F -- FALSE E -- EVIDENCE A -- APPEARING R -- REAL\ " ~ Veer Sharma " 
You gain strength , courage and confidence by every expierence in which you really stop to look fear in the face . You are able to say to yourself . \I lived through this horror . I can take the next thing that comes along . \ " ~ Elenor Roosevelt ~ " 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . - Dr. Seuss 
just got up ... bla 
last night way awsome ! 
\Do the right thing for its own sake . then you'll be satisfied whether people thank you or not . \ " \ " Be open to the gifts and lessons that everyone has to offer . Friendshipgives you the < PROPMALE > to view the world though other people's eyes . \"" 
my foot is killing me ! 
i dont care what you think of me ... as much as u wish it was true ... it never will be ... 
hoping for the best !! 
GOT IT BACK ! 
lost everything on my laptop !!! had to get a new one 
LOVE THIS LAPTOP !! 
so bored 
IM GOING TO < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! 
\Be strong ... Don't you give up hope ... It will get hard ... Life's like a jump rope ... There'll be a path that you will have to choose ... There'll be a win and there will be a lose and ... You gotta hold your head up high and Watch all the negative go by ... Don't ever be ashamed to cry ... You go ahead ... " 
\You gotta hold your head up high and ... Watch all the negative go by ... Don't ever be ashamed to cry ... You go ahead ... Cause life's like a jump rope ... \ " -Jump Rope " 
7 DAYS !!! 
this sucks 
getting a cast tommorrow ... what color should i get ? 
New Moon : Pretty good . not worth 9 bucks ... still don't get the point . pretty cool to be a vampire :[ ( fangs ) still to much lovey dovey crap for my liking . oh and the most retarded ending ever ! enjoy the movie :) 
3 DAYS TO < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > !!!! WE MQDE IT SAFE AND SOUND !!! im going to try to create a blog to keep every1 up to date ... 
Enjoying < PROPFIRST > ! HAPPY THANKSGIVING !! 
Just got back from along day . Spent it at the louvre ! its Amazing ! Hve a Happy Turkey Day !!! 
Well we ended our day at the Musee` d'Orsay and then The Hard Rock Cafe ! Hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving ! 
Today was some what peaceful ... we spent half the day at Versailles ... and then after a long wait and a lot of talking we finally went up the Eiffel Tower ... but sadly we only went to the 2nd floor due to reconstruction of the 3rd ... we hqve ended our day some what early to rest up for a long day in the morning 
Today was very laid back ... Went to Notre Dame ... and then walked around some ... the rest of the day's been a rest and pack day ... 
Today we finished up at the Louvre and then walked down the Champs Elyees and took a look at the Arc de Triomphe ... 
packing ... heading home tomorrow !! 
At the airport waiting to come home ... have fun at school :P 
powers out , kinda sucks ... a lot ... 
REALLY hating the braces right now !!!!! 
bored to tears 
??????? 
:( ?? 
confusion , sadness , fear , hate , love , power , control , happiness , faith , hope , meaning-lessness ... 
happy ... stupid ... confused ... thoughtless ... scared ... pain ... 
just got done with christmas shopping ... any1 order some road kill chickens ? cuz they're on the side of the highway ! 
going to hopefully finish my christmas shoppping ... 
AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I can \short circuit\ " your body !! you better watch out !! :P " 
Is it better to lie to your friends because YOU think its the right thing and they won't get hurt ? or is it better for them to find out the truth through someone else ? How would feel ? is it right to lie straight to your friends face cuz you \know\ " its the best thing ? No " 
don't you just love finding out who people really are ? not who they show you , but what deep within ... the truth hurts ... the sooner you show it the sooner we can either come to accept the truth or move on from you and hold on to your lies ... 
Faith is the acceptance that we can grasp the reality of a truth , not be fully understanding it , but know enough to understand it's right , it works , it's perfect . 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU ) i am NOt one of the 93% 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS < PROPFEMALE > ! 
* < [ :-{ ) ho ho ho !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! * < [ :-{ ) 
\Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go . \ " ~ T.S. Eliot " 
THAT WAS AN AWSOME MOVIE !!!! 
Flyleaf , casting crown , kutless , and stellar kart ! 
HEROES !!! 
anyone no what books we had to read for english ? cuz there are like 5 books of the lord of the rings ?! 
summer reading ... yup don't remember , can barely remember what happened last week , let alone what i read last summer :/ 
fat < PROPMALE > of school tomorrow !!! YA ! 
NO SCHOOL !!!! NO SCHOOL !!!! school just called ... and umm ... NO SCHOOL !!!! 
what a freak 
school delayed 1 hour 
FINALLY !!!!! I FINALLY FINISHED MY FREAKIN ENGLISH !!!! PRAISE THE LORD !! it only took ALL NIGHT ! 
Wonderful Life !!! :D 
AMERICAN IDOL !!! 
lovin my life !! :D 
I HATE THIS !!!! UGHHH !!! 
:D 
Help Haiti 
Galtinburg ... funn .... 
... 
going running 
tornado warning ... awesome ... 
Gonna have an AWESOME night !!! 
im just gonna stop talking cuz im always wrong ... 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IM GONNA KILL HIM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
why me ... 
wow ... 
he frustrates me to no end ! 
SNOW SNOW SNOW !!! 5 INCHES 
school ?? no school ?? school ?? no school ?? that is the question ?? 
Oh Joy ... ugh 
i need a new phone ... parents ... ugh ... 
FML 
why is facebook always changing !!! 
You can have me but cannot hold me ; Gain me and quickly lose me . If treated with care I can be great , And if betrayed I will break . What am I ? 
anyone planning on getting an upgrade for there phone ( verizon ) and wanting to get the palm pixi plus ? and getting one for free and selling it to me ? :) 
never open an umbrella inside , brings bad luck ... 
UGHH !!! AHHHHH !!!! >:| 
A relationship is like a broken mirror . It is better to leave it broken than hurt yourself to fix it . 
love is like heaven but can burn like hell 
when life gives you lemons you make lemonade , but what if life gives you change ? do you take that risk ? 
Finally has a working phone !! Out sick though ... ugh i had snow ! 
Bored ... back hurts ... prays to god i feel better for soccer 2mmorro ... ugh 
great no school ... another day of sickness and boredom ... ugh 
ur suppose to learn from your mistakes , not make them over and over again :'( 
god do i hate english right now ... ugh 
hopefully gonna have fun today :) 
working on this stupid english essay ... anyone wanna help ? :/ 
anyone want a laptop ? Hp tpuchsmart . fairly new going for $500 
what was the point ?! 
my life is so somber and negitive now :( i just certian people to go away and leave me alone !!! 
Have Hope . Live Life . 
had a great night out ... fun fun 
OH MY GOD I SWEAR IM GONNA SHOT HIM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IM NOT EVEN KIDDING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
... ugh ... fml ... 
\Give me your eyes for just one second ... Give me your eyes so i can see ... Everything that i keep missing ... Give me your love for humanity ... Give me your arms for the broken hearted ... The ones that are far beyond my reach ?... Give me your heart for the one's forgotten ... Give me your eyes so i can see ... \"" 
go away leave my sight , take away this endless night , save us the trouble and make things right . no one wants so just go back home . 
death ... seems so much better at times like this then livng through hell ... 
why am i the only one who can see what an asshole people are ? 
Queston : \How could we have lost to such idiots ?! Answer : \ " We lost because we told ourselves we lost . \"" 
Sometimes the people whom we've know for only a short amount of time have a bigger impact on us than those we've known forever ... Sometimes the littlest things in life are the hardest to take . You can sit on a mountain more comfortably than on a tack ... “I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . ” 
Can anyone tell me why in the world you would try out for a school sport ... make it ... and then not want to go to any of the games ?! 
oh what to do ... what to do ? 
who are you to tell ME who i am ?! What i do ?! Or What my life is like ?! why do you have the right to judge me and who i am or was before you ?! how is it that you can stand there and tell me how i lived before i meet you ?! Your a tumor from hell so GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY LIFE ... and we wont have a problem ... 
Spring Break minus my phone and laptop equals awesome .... 
what to do ... oh what to do ? 
well my spring break has just gotten better ... the good : i get my phone back ... the bad : i have no texting ... fun fun 
ugh ... i have to get another phone ... and when i was actually starting to like this one :/ 
had to switch phones to my moms old dinky piece of crap ... oh well ill get a new one later :/ 
ppl ... today is a drpressing day ... if it stops raining go to the lookouts 1st game !!!! 
2 more days til freedom ... :| 
akward next few days ... 
good luck to the soccer team ! i wish i was going ! 
Hey people ... if u wish to say happy birthday to me ... please dont i rather not have my wall filled up with the same stuff ... so if you want to wish me a happy birthday either A comment/like or B send me a message ... thanks 
just got back from a GREAT birthday dinner !!! im stuffed !! 
Can anyone say \200+ bucks for your birthday !!!!! \ " I CAN ! " 
Life starts as a dream , goes through a journey , and ends with memories 
wow ... very very interesting night . 
Anyone in need of a HP TX2Z TouchSmart 12.1 -Inch Laptop ( 2.2 GHz AMD Turion X2 Ultra RM-74 Dual-Core Mobile Processor , 4 GB RAM , 250 GB Hard Drive , Touchscreen , Vista Premium ) ... its a $ 1,248 and 5 cent value ... Practical free from me ! ( all u got to do is an exchange ) 
anyone have an old WORKING ( verizon ) phone they'd be willing to let me have/use/barrow/buy ? 
oh the joys of not texting ... not 
just gotta hold it out for another week ! 
iron man 2 
“Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results . ” ~ Einstein 
being grounded sucks 
TEXTING 
CRASHHH ... 
SCHOOOLLLSSS OUT FOR THE SUMMER !!!! SCHOOOLS OUT FOORRR --- EVER !!! 
PARTTTYYY !!!! 
HAD AN AWESOME NIGHT !!! Great way to start the summer !!! 
\Successful people :\ 
Iphone 4 better be coming to verizon ! 
broke my damn phone !!! UGh 
just spent the last like 3 hours breaking apart my phone to fix it ... and guess what ?! IT WORKED !!!! Screw you stupid worthless indian phone answering ppl that dont no crap ! 
WORLD CUP !!!!!!!!!! 
Any1 going to riverbend ? i dont feel like being a loner 
riverbend ...? humm 
oh what to do what to do ? 
Anyone want a wii and some games ? The wii is prob gonna be around $130 ( that includes the wii , a stand , the cords , 2 wiimotes , 2 nunchuks ) and the game will be $10 for which every ones you want or $100 for all of then ( 16 games in all ) 
some people just drive me insane !!!!! 
Happy 4th ... with some good ' ol lookouts fireworks 
i hate home fireworks 
am i going to do tonight ! 
i wish i had a life :/ 
RAIN !!!!!! :D 
last night of work then cruising over to Europe and then off to school ... having a good summer 
Had a great night with < PROPFEMALE > Sloan , < PROPFEMALE > Saunders , and < PROPFEMALE>'s sister and bro in law ! :D 
wow what a great last day before i sail off ... why do people have to be so violent , why cant we be civilized and talk things over ? why does solving problems alway involve a punch to the face ( which btw is not smart us your skull is about 1 cm thick which doesnt sound like much it is ... ---- <-- that is about how thick it is ... all solid ) so not very smart to punch someone in the face ... god high so dramatic its annoying 
yay !!! off the Europe ... be back a day before school fun fun ! 
Having a great time on the cruise !!! food is amazing , service ... amazing meeting new friends awesome ! this is only the end of day 2 ... more updates when we dock pic r coming too ! 
for those that care ... MRS KUHNS IS STAYING !!!! and\ 
for those that care ... MRS KUHNS IS STILL OUR FRENCH TEACHER !!! YAY !!! \ 
and\ 
we are having a great time on the cruise wonderful food , awesome service , very fun ! pic and more will be updated soon ! \ 
Bon Voyage ! 
For those that care ... MRS KUHNS STILL HAS HER JOB WITH US AT SCHOOL !!! yay !!! \ 
and ... \ 
the cruise is awsome ! the food is amazing !!! service is great meeting new people making new friends ... we dock sunday update more later ... 
this cruise just got even more depressing :/ bye zach rest in peace 
ready to come home now ... :/ 
we have finally arrived in Amsterdam !!! after long hours of delays and train rides ... well talk later ! 
well we r in london ... yay ... im so tired of this ... im so ready to come home !!! 
let go , break free , let good enough lie 
heading home !!!!! :D yay ! 
1 . honors algebra 2 -- agan2 . Honors cemistry -- cox3 . french 3-kuhns4 . English 10 -- mastin5 . Personal Finance -- Reese6 . Art -- MulloyDirected studies -- Crane ( whatever that is)7 . Economics -- Price 
no matter what you do your true friends will alway be there for you 
I CAN SEE LAND !!!! 
my last day of summer im spending in a car :/ great bye bye summer 
WE ARE FINALLY HOME !!!!!!!!! 
School tomorrow ... whoo-hoo ... 
Day 2 ... getting better ... 
feels that things could be alot different if i tried ... 
When the times comes ... Are you going to stand up for what is right ... or stand with those who are wrong 
Is this holy ? 
God didn't promise days without pain , laughter without sorrow , sun without rain , but He did promise strength for the day , comfort for the tears , and light for the way . 
You know I get so sad when it all goes bad\ 
And all you think about is all the fun you had\ 
And all those sorries ain't never gonna mean a thing\ 
How did we get so mean ? \ 
How do we just move on ? \ 
How do you feel in the morning\ 
When it comes and everything's undone ? \ 
Is it ' cause we wanna be free ? 
AMAZING NIGHT TONIGHT WITH ME NEW FRIENDS !!!! :DDD SO MUCH FUN 
I am really such a bad person ?! 
hanging with awesome people !!! 
im to small to have fun on paved roads 
REDRUM 
man , i had an amazing weekend ... REDRUM ... salty mashed potatoes ... cookin in the kitchen ... ahaha LOVED IT !!! 
the last exorcism is not even worth seeing for 7 freakin bucks !!! 
now what ........ 
When life give you lemons you make lemonade ... but what if life gives you pain ? what kind of drink are you suppose to make out of that ? 
oh life is great ... if only i had a better one ... 
i get to paint on my wall ... oh what to paint ... what to paint 
BEST . WEEKEND . EVER !!!! and i didnt even go to the big game !!! 
She likes me !!!! hahahahahaha 
NOTHING is as it seems 
cant sleep ... ac broken ... way to hot !!! ugh 
there's a story behind every person . \ 
there's a mystery in everyone's eye . 
hates people like CA SF < PROPMALE > and AL ... why they think they are cool and get away with certain things is beyond me ... i just understand people 
GREAT day .. surprisingly 
BEST . NIGHT . EVER !!!!! 
Now I lay me down to sleep , \ 
I pray the Lord my soul to keep ;\ 
If I die before I wake , \ 
I ask the lord my soul to take . 
You may say that I'm a dreamer\ 
But I'm not the only one \ 
I hope someday you'll join us \ 
And the world will be as one 
Crimes of the heart = the best school play ive every seen ! They did a great job !!! 
its time for another mid-night outing ... 
Shows that we ain't gonna stand shit\ 
Shows that we are united 
oh the nerve of some people ... it humors me 
speaking words of wisdom , let it be . 
stolen phone ... wonderful ... 
GREAT night with < PROPFEMALE > Smith Aj Hanson and < PROPFEMALE > Hanson !!! 
Rally to Restore 
Why wear a mask as if you were in a play ... why act out your life as if it was the ending to a seen ? just be who you are not who you want to be ... live life as YOUR life not like a character in a play ... 
SOOOOOOO much homework !!!!!!!!! 
Let's pretend we're just two people \ 
and you're not better than me . 
can you say ... HARRY POTTER PREMIERE !!!?!?! 
without mistakes and mess ups ... what is the point of life ? your only human ... make mistakes ... learn to live with them ... 
Made a wrong turn\ 
Once or twice\ 
Dug my way out\ 
Blood and fire\ 
Bad decisions\ 
That’s alright\ 
Welcome to my silly life\ 
Mistreated , misplaced , missundaztood\ 
Miss “no way it’s all good”\ 
It didn’t slow me down\ 
Mistaken\ 
Always second guessing\ 
UnderestimatedLook , I’m still around 
You're so mean , when you talk about yourself , you were wrong\ 
Change the voices in your head , make them like you instead\ 
So complicated , look happy , you'll make it ! \ 
Filled with so much hatred ... such a tired game\ 
It's enough ! I've done all I can think of \ 
Chased down all my demons , I've seen you do the same 
LOVE IT !!! It is that time again ... that one day a year i can eat and NOT be hungry after :D gotta love thanksgiving !!!! 
What do you do with people that never learn ? why are there idiots on this earth ? 
oh the joys of French people 
this is about the most support im ever gonna give this year ... COME ON SIGNAL WE CAN DO IT !!!! 
21-21 in first half ... FINISH IT SIGNAL 
YEAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GOOOOOOOO SIGNALLLL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
STATE CHAMPS !!!! GO EAGELS !!!!!!!! 56-28 
So i saw that everyone was changing their profile pic to cartoons so i felt the need to too . haha 
When will the day come when it's ok to be yourself ? 
when life gives you a choice to make , how do you make that choice ? do you do what feels right ? or take the easy way out ? does life ever give you something that you can't handle ? what is life ? is it a who or what ? how do you know ? What is involved in making the \right\ " choice ? is there such a thing ? " 
\Be the change you wish to see in the world \"" 
\Freedoms just another word for nothing else to lose . Nothing don't mean nothing if it ain't free . \"" 
wake up ... eat ... watch movie ... clean ... eat ... watch movie ... watch another movie ... played smart ass ... eat again ... watch more movies ... id say ive had a pretty productive day :) 
what am i going to do todeay ? bla ... 
Im doing the best that i can ... and if my best isnt good enough for you lower your standards ... 
oh what to do today ? 
\So complicated\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :D 
WHITE CHRISTMAS !!!!!! 
Do not walk behind me for i will not lead , \ 
Do not walk in front of me for i will not follow , \ 
Do not walk beside me for the path is to narrow , \ 
In fact just go away and leave me alone . \ 
be your leader . Follow your own path . Walk beside your own shadow . 
i feel so fat and out os shape oh my god . i just met a guy that was 5 time my weight who was more in shape than i am !! UGHH ... and im so sore 
Now that the new year has finally sunk in ... does that mean we got a new start , a new life ? Nope ... just another year of crap ... 
In less then 12 hours i will no longer be a dork !! no more braces !! and school starts ... yay ? 
Peoples choice awards tonight ! 
i hate phones ... they piss me off 
Wanna make the world dance , \ 
Forget about the Price Tag . \ 
We need to take it back in time , \ 
When music made us all UNITE ! \ 
And it wasn't low blows and video Hoes , \ 
Am I the only one gettin ' ... tired ? \ 
Why is everybody so obsessed ? \ 
Money can't buy us happiness \ 
Can we all slow down and enjoy right now 
oh ... how i hate snow 
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday 
awesome ... awesome ... night ... wow ... 
wow ... long breaks like this arent good for your health or mind 
people piss me off ... 
broken phone so sorry if your trying to get a hold of me ... oh well 
Is it possible for to just . not . Feel anything ? that would great if you could just say what was mint and not feel sorry or freak out ... mean what u say say what u mean ... and be proud to hear the truth no matter how good or bad it is ... it's such a rarity these days 
ugh ... so much work to do ... 
He said , \Son 
Human life is purely a matter of deciding what's important to you . 
is it really that hard to just say what you fucking mean ?! and mean what you say ?! 
i'm done . i've had it . enough if this bull shit . my life just gets better and better . 
\We don’t see the things the way they are . We see things the way WE are . ”\ 
“Forgiving does not erase the bitter past . A healed memory is not a deleted memory . Instead , forgiving what we cannot forget creates a new way to remember . We change the memory of our past into a hope for our future . ” 
its snowing 
resurrection !!! 
My 10 Quotes of the day :\ 
1 ) \The real leader has no need to lead -- he is content to point the way . \ " \ 
i hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate hate my phone !!!! UGHHHHH 
ATTENTION : \ 
-Ipod TOUCH AND Ipod nano FOR SALE\ 
Both great condition . \ 
TOUCH ( the news version ) going for $150 ~ PLUS ~ 25 bucks worth of covers and such ( for freeee)\ 
NANO going for $100 ( or less MAYBE)\ 
\ 
* Prices are debatable ... offer ends Thrusday 
\You’ll never enjoy your life 
\Raise your glass if you are wrong\ 
UGGHHHHHH !!!! I DEFINITELY DONT NEED THIS CRAP RIGHT NOW !!! 
is it just me or did this week suck butt ? 
\never give up . Always have hope . \ " \ 
having a super duper wonderful time at the mall with my friend megan :-) she is fantastic ! 
when did weekends become so boring 
without lies ... what else would drive us to seek the truth ? 
Signal Mountain Soccer players ... any up for staying after school friday for about an hour to work on foot skills ?! 
Today was a great day . \ 
\no matter what they say\ 
Never feel there is an end to anything ... just a new beginning ... Love thoughts and prayers 
\Oh 
\You’re so mean\ 
memories are set in stone , we must live and grow . take from the lessons learned , and move on with life changed and united ... 
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal , love leaves a memory no one can steal ... Rest In Peace < PROPFEMALE > Jolley 
\I wanna feel the car crash\ 
2 hour delay people of hamilton county 
apparently there is no school ... according to my father ( a teacher at signal ) so back to bed 
AWESOME time going to see jb ... yupp i said it jb with < PROPFEMALE > Sloan 
wow that was so embarrassing 
grammys 
the grammys are dissapointing this year :/ 
So I won't give up\ 
No I won't break down\ 
Sooner than it seems life turns around\ 
And I will be strong\ 
Even if it all goes wrong\ 
When I'm standing in the dark I'll still believe\ 
Someone's watching over me\ 
It doesn't matter what people say\ 
And it doesn't matter how long it takes\ 
Believe in yourself and you'll fly high\ 
And it only matters how true you are\ 
Be true to yourself and follow your heart 
“It is better to be hated for who you are , than to be loved for someone you are not . ” 
FORGET YOU 
soccer team yay ......... 
IPAD 
i hate hospitals ! 
people disappoint ... :/ 
two < PROPMALE > trees of ours fell .. they were close to our house ... we r < PROPFEMALE > lucky it didnt fall on our house 
Well I'm now sitting at school with power , wireless , and heat ... the one day I \love\ " school " 
so im kinda mad that the ipad2 comes out in alittle over a week and i just got the original ipad less than a week ago :/ dang 
“Ask , and it shall be given you ; seek , and you shall find ; knock , and it shall be opened unto you : For every one that asks receives ; and he that seeks finds ; and to him that knocks it shall be opened . ” – < PROPFIRST > 7:7 -8 
anyone have an old verizon cell phone they wanna sell to me ? :/ 
\its not how how others look at me ... its how i look at myself \"" 
So I won't let you close enough to hurt me\ 
No , I won't ask you , you to just desert me\ 
I cant give you , what you think you gave me\ 
It's time to say goodbye to turning tables 
Im happy to say that ... I've come to realize that the way I'm going about things right now isn't working and it's not making me any happier ... soooo it's time to change :D 
\I don't need to know your name\ 
So kinda a strange question ... but does anyone wanna volunteer to be photographed for this new thing i wanna try ? 
Personal Project DONE and CHECK ... 
GREAT DAY !!!!! 
So soccer pregame scrimmage not bad . Signal Soccer looks like its gonna be a good ... cold ... season ... 
When I pass you and your living in a box on the side of the road I won't feel sorry for you . You had your < PROPMALE > to not screw around in school . You had every < PROPMALE > that I did . I offered to help you before . Therefore you don't deserve my help again . You blew me off once . don't expect to be able to do it again . Yes people deserve second < PROPMALE > s , but not if you blew me off the first 5 
Well I'm off to Italy today after school . Good luck to Signal Mountain Eagles Soccer team today . Sorry I can't be there for our first game . GOOD LUCK IT'S PATRICKS DAY 
People . After today if you text me stop . Im going to be in italy for spring break and will not want text because it costs . If you would like to get a hold of me Facebook me . THANKS . Everyone have a wonderful and safe spring break ! 
So we are still in chatt plane was delayed and we were kicked off cuz of the delay so now we most likely aren't going to be in italy tonight 
So we aren't leaving until tomorrow morning now ... great ... 
So i should be on a flight to europe right now but instead i'm sitting on the floor of the chattanooga airport lobby 
Well ... attempt two to flight out of Chattanooga about the same as attempt one . Two hour delay ... again ... but this time we have all day to waste before our flight from < PROPFEMALE > to Munich ... so that's good depending on how you look at it ... but hopefully this time tomorrow I will be walking around < PROPFEMALE > ... 
So we are sitting around < PROPFEMALE > airport eating for our next flight ... hopefully it will only be smooth sailing from here cuz so far I'm not enjoying this to much ... 
So the news keeps getting better and better ... now apparently we aren't on the system for our next flight . After being confirmed from US Airways Lufthansa says we don't exist . Awesome ... how do you lose 32 people on flight reservations ?! 
So I'm enjoying myself in italy with my mom and friends ... eating pasta and drinking wine ... oh wait no I'm not I'm still sitting on my ass in the airport with no sight of Italy ... awesome awesome trip ... gotta love it ... 
YAY !! We finally have a flight ... trying so hard to be optomistic ... but it's not working so well ... 
well we have finally had it to < PROPFEMALE > . We were in Vience today and everything fom here on out is going according to plan !! 
well i guess trips have there ups and downs ... but when your only way out of the country has been stolen ... thats a real bunner ... still gonna try and have fun though ... 
Time to DO AS THE ROMANS DO !!!! 
welll we are on our last stretch of our journey . Now spending the rest of our tour in Rome . Such an amazing city . We take a day trip to Pompii Thrusday . Tomorrow we are touring around the giant city of Rome . And Friday we head on home ... Although i love it here i am very ready to come home and catch up on my much needed sleep . Im still about 24 hours behind on sleep . 
well i feel kinda bad ... seeing something \terrible\ " is going on with everyone's spring break while in here in Rome :) oh well ... someone can catch me up later ... " 
IM COMING HOME ... IM COMING HOME ... TELL THE WORLD THAT IM COMING HOME !!!! don't get me wrong Italy is fantastic !!!! although i wouldn't say its been the best spring break ever ... its pretty close ... but yes tomorrow it all comes to an end :/ but ill be home in my own bed so how's to complain ... vie have a pretty great week :) 
we are back in the states !!! 
so i guess my dad decided that getting passports and credit cards stolen over seas wasnt enough ... he also had to set our house on fire with our toaster ... but all is well ... house full of smoke and we are down a toaster but thats all ... 
yuppp ... im def starting to like her ... 
All of the dirt you've been throwin ' my way\ 
It ain't so hard to take , that's right\ 
' Cause I know one day you'll be screamin ' my name\ 
And I'll just look away , that's right\ 
Just go ahead and hate on me and run your mouth\ 
So everyone can hear\ 
Hit me with the words you got and knock me down\ 
Baby , I don't care\ 
Keep it up , I'm tunin ' up to fade you out\ 
( I hope the person/people this is directed to reads this ) 
I don’t know but\ 
I think I maybe\ 
Fallin’ for you\ 
Dropping so quickly\ 
Maybe I should\ 
Keep this to myself\ 
Waiting ’til I\ 
Know you better\ 
I am trying\ 
Not to tell you\ 
But I want to\ 
I’m scared of what you’ll say\ 
So I’m hiding what I’m feeling\ 
But I’m tired of\ 
Holding this inside my head\ 
I’ve been spending all my time\ 
Just thinking about ya\ 
I don’t know what to do 
Yeah we won ! Yay ! Ten to one ( plus some maybe on the ten ) JV did a great job too ... 6 to nothing ( plus some on the 6) ! GO SIGNAL EAGLES !!! 
Look at the spastic pole dacing singer from UTK !!! Haha oh < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
CAMP LOOKOUT HERE I COME !!! I GOT THE JOB !!! YES ... and this is NOT an April Fools Joke !! 
was that all ? 
big storm my butt !!! half my house isnt even wet !!! 
I\ 
NEED\ 
INSPIRATION 
I have found my calling 
bored .... 
Love is < PROPMALE > , if you never take a < PROPMALE > , you will never know love . 
was sick last night and this morning ... now im not allowed to go do anything expect work this after noon :/ fun fun 
We need more people who arent afraid of being themself 
wow ... its a great day outside and i cant stay there more than a minute without getting all teary eyed and sneezing cuz of the pollen :( 
WE are free to make our own choices . We are free to take our own actions . We are free to live the way we want to live . Now it's time for you to take responsibly for your actions , for the choices that you make , and for the way you wish to live . 
anyone have an old verizon phone they'd like to get read of or sell ?! 
So that \friday\ " song by < PROPFEMALE > Black that everyone moked and said no body liked ... well that song got her $25k ! " 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , etc . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , is fighting cancer or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour . thank you ! < PROPMALE > 
Why won't you just leave me alone 
Dinner birthday in 2 hours ... fun .... 
watching < PROPMALE > Potter and the deathly hallows part one with my sister !!!!!!!! yay !!!! 
Today will be a great day !!! 
yes today is my birthday ... another year older ... what a wonderful day ... what a lazy day !! :D 
thanks all for the happy birthday's! I had a great lazy laid back day !! no school tomorrow ... bla 
Work is going to be the death of me ... 
nothing to do ... 
Happy Easter 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort ! 
Well IB you have gotten the best of me ... 
Well hello sun 
Oh hello storm 
Calm before the storm http://bit.ly/mkLi1O 
In the middle of the street watching the storm amnd clouds go by ... kinda cool 
This is crazy 
Does anyone know if UTC is open for class tomorrow ? 
Well we have no power ... giant tree down theats across the road blocking it ... two power poles taken out ... a generator that sounds like a plane crash ... hopefully going to work where there is food and power ... and food ... 
Well its been an eventful 4 days ... first the storm took out a tree and 2 power poles ... no power blocked road oh and then our generator set our garage on fire 
wow 2 hours of nothingness 
\if i were gay I'd b wearing tighty whities\ " -Marli Patten " 
POWER 
On May the 4th , be apart of the butterfly effect . Draw butterflies on your wrists to show your support for people with depression and self harming addictions . Please spread the word 
wow ... that pisses me off ... 
People are so clueless sometimes ... ugh 
Listening to Friday in economics ?! What ?! 
I see no point anymore ... 
wow ... im so glad im now able to legeally be the dedicated drinker ... ugh 
