Got a busy day today dinner for my birthday with the family . 

going to sleep 7 am comes fast class all day then work til close 
well i found out last night in going to be a uncle and i am kind of warming up to the idea that i can mold them into a perfect clone of me 
well i found out today that in two weeks i will be suspended for three days and i reacted by laughing in her face and asking her to do it sooner 
i got called an asshole tonight and told to get a real job by a pregnantlady and reponded by telling her to get off foodstamps and telling her she was a east main street retard 
And in the end , it's not the years in your life that count . It's the life in your years . 
Going to classes then leaving for NYC after 3 for the ASGA confrence for the weekend . 
Won a free make over at college today . Finishing up this speech then back to FM for class then work . 
Going to get Changed for my fitness class be back on later 
So tired right but cannot fall asleep 
So i had an old guy give me a small bible tonight at work i think he wanted me to find god after he left i threw the bible in the trash and thought now hows that for finding god and then had a nice talk with the trash can . Ask < PROPFEMALE > about it she saw it happen 
I was just chosen to be the speaker for graduation on May 28 :) 
Getting ready to go to NYC for the weekend for the ASGA Conference I'll be back on Sunday 
Out of the conference going to wounder around the city for the night 
Just got back from NYC had a great time . Planning on going back sometime in the summer for a weekend . 
was all ready to go to St. < PROPFEMALE > but the UAlbany had to make me question my decision :( now have to rethink where i wanna go by Friday . 
Working on homework then work 2 to 12 then doing more homework when I get out 
I just realized while sitting here in Italian class that it is a very useless language like Spanish and I don't know why I wasted half a year trying to learn it 
relaxing for a bit then going back to FM for the 80's MORP 
Getting ready then going out with some friends for awhile . 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's I know . Getting ready then working 3 to 1 
Finally finished one paper i wished I would have started them sooner . Now I'm starting to work on the next one due Wedensday then all college work is done and summer break finally starts :) 
Still trying to decide if i want to go out tonight or stay home 
I just went and Bought a $285 dollar camera to take pictures of Jayette tomorrow at her Graduation and probably will never use it again after that . 
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > - 
One our way to Vermont to see Jayette graduate 
Well I got 3 A's an < PROPFEMALE > and a B+ waiting on one more grade which should be another A :) 
Work in a bit then off tomorrow spending the day in NYC shopping with my mom and sister 
Got my sister and mom lost in NYC so we decided to stop and eat at McDonald's lol then trying to back track 
Almost done with work then out with friends for the night 
I gave only been out about an hour and had 3 drinks lol 
Sitting around doing nothing sucks 
Lol this black lady just called me a white man because I callled the cops on her instead of fighting with her I guess only white people call the cops 
So everyweek I have a customer that likes to come in and call for an ambulance after I yell at him today I was really nice to him and he still called them . 
Found out at our weekly meeting today that I may get suspended for something I didn't do That was filed in a complaint about me 
Going to bed have to be up to FM by 10 to practice my speech then have rehersal at 12 with the platform party . 
Have to do a few things then off to FM to work with the sound crew for the speech tonight I will have the video of the speech up later tonight 
It's official I'm a FM graduate and I knocked the speech out of the park :) 
Just finished with another disfunctional family dinner good thing they only occur once or twice a year 
Well I finally got my grad speech uploaded for those of You who wanted to view it or rewatch it if you were there . 
Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > - 
I'm going to have to find a hobby for the summer or I'm going to lose my mind due to boredom when I'm not at work . 
On my way to the surgeon to see when the next surgery is and a checkup to see how well I healed from the last one . 
\I sucked those tits like it was my job \"- Jes to me about a friend LOL " 
Having a horriable day at work 12:30 can't come fast enough 
Why are people such fuckbags today ? 
Getting ready then heading to the beach for the day 
Had a great night last night I'm just getting over the slight hangover I woke up with . 
Happiness is having a large , loving , caring , close-knit family in another city . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Burns- 
Going to pick up my new car in a little bit :) 
Just got back from dropping < PROPFEMALE > off at school now I'm getting ready for work 4 to 1 am 
< PROPFIRST>'s water broke so were now on our way to the hospital to wait for < PROPMALE > to get here :) 
On my way to the hospital to sit with the family and wait for the baby to come hopefully it's before 4 when I leave for South < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm an uncle :) he's 8 pounds 2 ounces and 22 inches 
Made it to South < PROPFEMALE > 
Just got to Cooperstown getting all set up for surgery at 2:30 
So I'm in a lot of pain an the pharmacy up here don't want to fill my prescription because my surgeon didn't stamp it ... fml 
I usually hate being stuck in this recliner all day except I got to spend the whole afternoon with my nephew < PROPMALE > today 
Well it's been a good morning so far spent it with my little nephew 
Would love to sell my current family on eBay and use the money from the sale to move far away from here and be stress free . 
Getting a few more things togeather then bed leaving around 12:30 tomorrow for UAlbany 
Just got all moved in to my dorm now I'm going to go look around . 
\We are what we repeatedly do . Excellence therefore 
I just shook Mayor Jennings hand :) 
Going uptown to a block party . 
Well once I get motivated I'm going to head up to campus meet with my advisers , drop off a few papers and then wait for my class to start at 5:45 
With all the reading and papers I have this semester I will only be leaving my room for class or to do research at the library . 
Looking for my sneakers then I'm off to my Compartive and International Politics discussion . 
Back in Amsterdam for the weekend 
Would like to thank everyone who wished be a happy birthday on Sunday 
Playing Rock Band with the roommates 
To all my friends going back to FM tomorrow I hope you all have a good first day . 
Second time a gun went off outside my dorm in two weeks this is going to be a great semester 
Sir Bryant , \ 
The troops await you , come to the palace yonder . At noon we dine in hell ! - \ 
An anonymous note left to me today . 
To all my friends living on Alumni Quad voting has opened for the SA senate I'm running for senator to represent Alumni Quad , so if you haven't voted yet please vote for me . You vote through your my UAlbany account under the campus life tab then click student elections . 
The re-vote for SA Senators is today and tomorrow , so I need all my friends down on Alumni to re-vote for me thanks . 
I would like to thank everyone who elected me Senator for Alumni Quad I really appreciate it , and will do my best to get things done for us . 
Wanted a netbook but ended up buying the ipad instead 
Was having a good day until my job ruined it . 
Shopping with Jayette for the afternoon then to see < PROPFEMALE > Walters speak later tonight 
At Uno's having an Tuesday night pick me up :) 
Just seen on the news we may get some snow here overnight . 
So my truck just broke down and for some reason I'm really calm about it lol . 
This EOP meeting is boring and long 
Feels like blowing up parking management at UAlbany 
So I just got into a car accident 
Watching Jayette and Aj play with Xbox 360 kinect adventures 
I'm in the mood to party and no one is around . 
It's snowing here in Albany and I left my damn snow brush at home 
When you passed away I cried , not because I felt sorry for you but because I felt sorry for myself . I am glad you are in a better place and in no more pain . I miss you . 
< PROPFEMALE > to a former friend after throwing a book at her and running down the hall , \Here's your book You cock-juggling thunder cunt . \ " LMAO " 
God i hate dancing Im sweating like a pig lol 
Just went into the ladies room and scared the shit of of some lady 
Oh Guy Park < PROPMALE>'s how much I wish you'd blow up right now . 
at the SA formal and I just found out its an open bar for 21+ :) 
Working on a paper , later on a nap , and then driving to NYC for the weekend . 
Last night NYC drivers could handle my superior upstate driving skills 
Getting ready to go bar hopping 
I guess I'm gonna have to buy new sneakers now that I dropped spoiled milk all down me 
getting ready then out with friends for the night . 
Hearing don't cha by the pussycat dolls brings back memories on NYC :) 
Well my grades weren't what I thought they would be . 
Wasteeeddd lol 
Just made out with my best friend again ;) 
l 
Bed in a few classes start tomorrow . 
Doing some homework then meeting some friends at the club . 
Firedrill ! 
Just cut my fingers on < PROPMALE > crab legs at Red Lobster lol 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > Sparkles is the most amazing person in the whole world . there should be statues built in her image and temples constructed in her honor . < PROPFEMALE > sparkles my world ! \ 
\ 
( that's what you get when you leave your facebook open , < PROPMALE > ) 
I've come to the conclusion that international students at UAlbany are extremely odd . 
Today in my Vietnam class I was used as an example and killed twice . The first time for not supporting the DNV and the second time for not supporting Uncle < PROPFIRST > Stalin . 
My grandma just referred to my penis as a chinka chinka WTF 
Is completely buzzed right now :) 
ParkFest 2011 artist are J < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Talib Kwale 
Just squatted and ripped my pants and im at work 
