I've survived yet another year .... What will this one bring ? 

< PROPFIRST > just showed me how to do the ' bubble dance ' . She said I danced well , now she wants me to < PROPFEMALE > her upside down .... here I go .... 
According to the weather channel ... Its 75 deg outside , I actually worked in my garden on < PROPFIRST > . 22 !!!! 
Please put this on your status if you or someone you know is gay . A wish for 2010 is that people understand that being gay is not a disease . People who are gay are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS .... 93% won't Copy and Paste this . Will you make this your status for at least one hour ? 
The girls and I already made a snowman .... Hoping it holds up for the boys when they get out of school . Will post pictures when I figure out how .... 
Not going walking today . Wind , flurries , brrrrrrrr . 
Wondering if anyone could recommend any engaging , but easy to read books . Yes , I've already read \The Cat in the Hat \"." 
Lady < PROPMALE > Jacobson : The states that are suing because they think mandating Americans to pay for health insurance is unconstitutional , all have mandatory automotive liability insurance . Can we < PROPFEMALE > them ? 
Going to Scarborough Faire on Sunday . So excited !!!!! 
Is feeling overwhelmed ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s 1st set of tests came back as normal as it gets . ( Organs are all functioning well ) Our next trick ... on to the pediatric gastroenterologist . ( Tummy Doctor ) 
Breathe .... just breathe . 
Back from tummy doctor ... oh boy ... more lab tests ! 
Endoscopy procedure is possibly on Friday for < PROPFEMALE > . Remaining calm for the moment . 
On the way to the hospital for < PROPFEMALE>'s tests . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s procedure is done . On our way home . 
I hate waiting for test results .......... 
Sometimes getting what you expect isn't a good thing . 
A Soldier , Sailor , < PROPFEMALE > , Airman is someonewho , at one point in their life , wrote a blank check made payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including their life . That is an honor , and there are way too many people in this country today who no longer understand that fact . Copy and paste this ... 
Well , we have a diagnosis , now we need a prognosis . And and allergist .... and a nutritionist . I'm sure there will be FAR more -ists that are needed that I can't imagine . 
Next stop .... allergist . Now I have to find one who is trained in the latest techniques . The key is to ask them if they do testing for Eosinophilic Disease ( i.e. ' patch testing ' ) . Who would have thought this would be so darned complicated ? Oh yeah , and our Pediatrician announced today that he is retiring next month . Another doctor that I have to find .... 
I actually had an allergist tell me that the technique I was told was necessary does not exist , but if I would like to make an appointment with him ( and pay him for the privilege ) he would be happy to work it out with me . Um , NO ! 
Yay ! Just found allergist that does the appropriate testing needed . They're only 45 < PROPFEMALE > away ! 
Official list of food allergies : Cow's Milk , Shrimp , Corn , Rice , Peas , Pork , Chicken , Turkey , Beef , Winter Squash , Summer Squash . And soooo many not tested yet . \ 
\ 
Reminding myself to breathe again . 
REMINDER ..... cell < PROPFIRST > being released to telemarketing companies this month ! YOU WILL BE CHARGED FOR THESE CALLS . Call the National Do Not Call list ( 888-382-1222 ) from your cell phone . It blocks your number for five ( 5 ) years . You must call from the cell phone number you want to have blocked . Pass this along ... 
Well , so much for passing along reliable information ... 
Can you say SUCKER ! I knew you could ! Bah ! It's irritating being tricked . 
I am the proud parent of three schoolers today . < PROPFIRST > has been released upon the world ! 
I just received a call from the Kindergarden teacher . She was close to tears . < PROPFIRST > and another little girl had just cut their hair . She was REALLY confused when I burst out laughing . 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who ... need a little extra help and understanding . By : < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy 
All of my windows are open , I have had a challenging weekend training from which I'm excited and rearing to go , my mother and god mother are visiting this weekend and next weekend is the camp out . LIFE IS GOOD . 
bathroom . 
VIRUS EMAIL -- sorry all 
What is everyone doing tonight with their sweeties ? 
HOLY SMOKES . I had no idea ! FYI-While on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting . FB defaults to the non-secure setting . Re-Post for your Friends . *** Thanks for the tip < PROPFEMALE > *** 
Ahh , poor Sonata . It died in it's sleep . RIP car car . 
