Happy New Year's ... almost . It's the new year for all of the Eastern World right now . The Americas are the last places to go , with Alaska , Hawaii , and Tahiti being the last places in the old year period . 

Happy New Years ! 
The 1st day of 2010 is coming to a close . I've made a lot of secret New Year's Resolutions , and I've done a good job of keeping them so far . I only have one shor t-t erm resolution , and it's the most secret of them all . ;) 
We took pictures of this mocking bird that was stuck in the fence somehow . You can see them ( along with a picture of my eye ) in the photos I uploaded below . 
Useless fact of the day : Milk comes in bags in Canada . 
Useless Fact of the Day : Eating random wild animals is perfectly acceptable in Cameroon . 
I'm playing Chrono Cross right now . Don't bother me . ... rawr 
Useless fact of the day : Parakeets come from the deserts of Austrailia . 
I had no idea how much Japanese technology we use until this afternoon . I was in the bus passing by a Japanese backhoe and Japanese cars while holding a Japanese camera with a Japanese handheld game system ( and games ) in my backpack . 
The Mole Project was the stupidest project of all time . 
What the heck am I going to do for Halloween ? 
I'm at the apple store using the computers . Only the nerdiest of nerds would be on the computer while out and about . :P 
Just got back from lazer tag . That was the best game I ever had ! 
The last thing I posted was removed due to drama . 
Oh crap , I just deleted all of my photos . > < 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ... unfortunately , I got here 1 minute too late for a midnight announcement . 
Testing the new privacy settings ! Now I can talk about stuff in private with my friends ... including that thing that only my online friends know about . ( If you mention it on here , I will hate you for life . ) 
The new security settings suck because my message that was supposed to be private shows up at the top of my profile . 
I just bought The World Ends With You because I heard it was good . 
Playing TWEWY . :) 
I need a new internet forum to regularly go to . Any suggestions ? 
Got through playing Radiant < PROPFEMALE > a few minutes ago . No units lost so far , and I'm on Ch . 6.5 . I've been training Micaiah so she doesn't die on me in the middle of a battle . Why did Nintendo have to make the main character so easy to kill ? Squishy Wizards should not be a character who gets you a game over if ( s)he dies . Oh well . Sothe more than makes up for her in strength . 
We took in a homeless cat ... sorta . We're just keeping her until we can find a home for her . 
I made the mistake of trying out a dancing game for kinect at this party . Cue 3 gay jokes and they're still coming . FML 
I'm so fucking bitter tonight . Ugh , I think I'll go hide out with my DS for awhile . 
HAPPY SATURDAY !!! 
Since when did Sheen from < PROPFIRST > Neutron get his own spinoff series ? Man , things have changed ... 
I'm back ! I watched Tron and was pleased to find Daft Punk music waiting for me . Also that one chick totally looks like < PROPFEMALE > . Also I got D-Sides . 
If there's one thing I've learned about < PROPMALE > , it's this : Get off the loop and the galleria - There's so much more charm in the little neighborhoods than people usually see . 
What's a better name for the cat ? < PROPFEMALE > or Queso ? 
My bird is going to die and I'm not too happy about that . 
My life has been a bit dramatic recently ... something tells me that it's only going to get worse . 
Today was a review day for the semester finals , so I was either doing nothing or copying stuff down in all of my classes . Boooooooring ... 
The reward for conformity was that everyone liked you except yourself . 
I changed my profile to include my true religious views and sexual orientation , but only you LH people can see it . Don't go around saying I'm an atheist , either . Atheists are communist spawns of satan to a lot of people I know . * hates being in two closets * 
I can't wait to get out of this hot , dark , musty , and cramped closet . I have been thinking about my sexual orientation 24 hours a day for the past few months because I'm extremely afraid , as you guys from LH know all too well . This is a normal phase for LGB people , but I'm so goddamn sick of it . I can't wait to get out , breathe the fresh air , get on with my life , and go back to being me . 
Well , one of my internet friends is now Facebook friends with one of my RL friends . I neverr thought the day would come . 
I changed my mind . I don't need y'all's help . I need to be strong and handle this on my own , as this is a very personal matter . I need to look for advice from people who have actually done it before . Most importantly , I need to stop wallowing in my own filth , stay calm , and endure any pain that results . This doesn't need to be so scary if I don't imagine it to be very frightening . 
Any other pessimists out there ? 
Finals for my two of my worst classes tomorrow ... UGH ! I hate tests . 
Here I come , remaining five finals ! * war cry * 
Getting off of school early is awesome . :D 
Only one more final to go . Wish me luck ! I'll need it ... 
Just got back from the shortest school day of the year . I'm finally done with finals ! 
Try looking up your name in FB . The other Jace Whitaker is in the military . 
Crushes SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK . 
I can't believe I'm saying this , but for once I see a light at the end of the tunnel . 
Sick and depressed ... ugh . 
Making witty responses to troll posts and stupid questions on Yahoo Answers . Try it , it's fun . lol 
< PROPFEMALE > is going through heat again ... ugh . At least she's cuddly when this happens . :) 
I have gotten diabetes in one day because of all this chocolate and cookie cake . lol 
Playing TWEWY ... You know a game is good when you've played nothing but that one game for one and a half months . 
Has there ever been a period of your life that had a lot of stuff going on , yet you were STILL bored out of your mind ? That's where I am . 
TAKS was easy . I put my whole heart into the essay question , so I better get a 4 or else someone is going to get fired/sued/hurt/murdered . 
It's only a been a little less than a week since I left LH , but it's felt like an eternity ... ;-; 
OMFG NEW PORTAL ENDING , MUST PLAY RIGHT NOW TO SEE IT ALSO PORTAL 2 IS COMING OUT ASDFDHGHASLFD : JK IT'S THE BEST DAY OF MY ENTIRE LIFE * fanboy squee * 
I actually did my homework for once ! Jace 1 , Procrastinatin 0 ! OK , so I put it off til sunday and I took a few side trips while I did it but it's a start . ^^ ; 
What do you guys do when bored ? ... ' cuz I am now . 
why do people I hate keep adding me as friends seriously , why 
Spring Break , FUCK YEAH ! The weather is finally warming up as well . Everything is so cheery and bright :D Also I finally have a vague idea of what I want to do with my life . So happy ~ 
I'm currently battling a horsefly the size of a small bird . If I don't make it out alive , you guys can split my money . 
Today was a crazy day . Read the first post in the comment box since the status updates have character limits . 
Best Earthbound dub I've seen so far ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGQKsIWL028&feature=sub 
I'm getting Heart Gold for nostalgic purposes . For those not in the know , Heart Gold and Soul Silver are remakes of Pokemon Gold and Silver from way back in 2000 . I remember when those were all the rage ... Too bad the only people who play Pokemon these days are 7 year old kids . Half the fun of those games was trading and battling with random people . Hopefully the Wifi trading of this generation will make up for that . 
I love my French class Today my French teacher used \SO RONERY\ " in conversation and I played DS towards the end of class " 
I'm raising like eleven pokemon on HG and now I'm underleveled . This happened in my last < PROPFEMALE > playthrough as well ... I can never decide which ones to raise . Oh well , nothing wrong with a bit of variety . It'll take a bit more effort , but I have lots of spare time anyways so whatev . btw I just healed < PROPFEMALE>'s Ampharos and caught like 15 pokemon or something in the safari zone ( Glad they added that in ) 
Today is my 15th and 5/6ths birthday . ( That's 15 years , 10 months . ) Where did the time go ? Physical fitness test was today . UGH . I don't know if it's because I hadn't eaten much or if it's yet another sign of heart disease/diabetes/whatever , but I could only do 12 push ups and I could only run half as much as the other guys . It probably doesn't help that I NEVER do any physical activity . 
Anybody know the story behind < PROPFIRST > Gainer's explosion at < PROPMALE > Beaman today in Mrs. Grier's class ? 
And while we're talking about it , here's an offensive joke ! Q : What was the only thing that the Asian kid couldn't get right on his Chemistry test ? A : The difference between molarity and molality . 
Why is it that everyone in my French class and < PROPMALE > Class is either a stuck-up snob or totally awesome ? 
Just caught H o-o h on Heart Gold . Epic sunset battle was epic , but tough . Also I had a tough time kicking those fucking geisha girls ' butts . 
ATTN Monday : Please fuck off . At least I got to take a nap in between doctors ' appointments . >> 
Most cats bring dead birds to their owners . Mine brings me dead crawfish . 
Oh btw I caught a Shiny Doduo while grinding for the Pokemon Leauge the other day . :D 
I just owned that hacking little < PROPMALE > twit . I AM DAH CHAMPION 
http://theoatmeal.com/comics/pigs 
I almost missed the my school bus after school today . I got to the bus parking lot , and the buses were leaving in a few seconds , so it was against the rules to dash for it . An AP was there , and he told me not to . The punishment ? I think it's After School Suspension , ( an appropriate acronym ! ) and I think that must be similar to ISS , which is a living hell in my school . ( continued in comments ) 
Sign here if you hate real life trolls . 
How to Train Your Dragon was surprisingly good . 
Currently feels * breath * like the kid in < PROPMALE > * breath * in the Middle because * breath * I have to stop talking to * breath * breath every few words ... * breath * Wonder what caused it ? * breath * 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > Whitaker 
Is downloading Just Cause 2 because my brother said it was awesome . 
People better not make me angry today . D < 
Is back from the funeral in Beaumont and burial service in Nacodogches . Dead bodies freak me out ... To get from Beaumont to Nacodogches , we basically had to scale the entire North-South length of The Big Thicket . Then to get back home to Spring , ( The \outskirt\ " woods of the thicket ) we drove for over 3 hours on a tangent home through even MORE < PROPMALE > . I never want to see another tree in my life . " 
Damn you Greater Internet Fuckwad Theory , for being true . 
Who was the stupid person who designed my MP3 Player so that I can't listen to music and charge at the same time ? :( 
This status exists solely so that you will log on to FB after a long day of school/work , look at the time in which this status was posted , and become jealous of my early dismissal . Yes , I know I'm a prick . :3 
Happy 4/20 and Hitler's Birthday ! 
I'm almost done filling out my Vistas application . I hope I'm accepted into there ... I'm kinda pooped because between this , my journal , and the long fan e-mail I sent to Queer Voices , ( Ridiculous name , I know , but \LGBT Voices\ " doesn't have the same ring to it ) I've been writing and critically thinking all day . " 
Visited Klein Vistas a little while ago . From what little I've seen of it , it seems like the perfect mix of elementary school and college . ( The campus is half the size of the elementary school I went to !!! ) 
The cat just tried to jump on me , failed epically , and ended up scratching me three nice , long cuts near my inner elbow . Now I'm having an allergic reaction . > < And I'll probably be made fun of for apparently cutting myself tomorrow at school . UGH . And no , I don't have any long-sleeve shirts to cover it up . 
Is there medication for an allergy to other people ? 
Ugh ... my allergies still aren't gone . In fact , they're getting worse ... I feel like crap and now I have diarrhea ... ( no pun intended ) I'm staying home today . Man , all this from a stupid little cat scratch ? 
In other , much happier news , I just learned on the news that they've developed the first cancer vaccine ... I'll update you guys about it . 
In soviet Texas , mother outs you . By snooping through your stuff . And confronting you when you're not ready . > / OMG I am so pissed off right now it's not even funny . 
I'm about to go play the new L4D2 campaign , \The Passing\ " . :D " 
Current weather : Giant Outdoor Steam Sauna 
I just locked myself out of the house but broke back in . XD 
Thinking in isolation and with pride ends in \ 
being an idiot . \ 
— GK \ 
Chesterton 
Playing hookey today ... I need to stop being so impulsive > < 
I just got back from the most traumatizing thing of my life > < 
I'm thinking of restarting my file in Real Life : The Game . The Geek class is a tough class to play as D: 
Just had a dream in which my dad gave me and my brother an abbreviated version of the Torah . wtf 
I would like nothing more for my birthday than for people to donate to a cause for lost animals ... Anyone who knows me knows how strongly I feel about lost animals ever since I lost < PROPFIRST > . Pretty please ? I'm even going to donate some of my own birthday money ! http://apps.facebook.com/causes/birthdays/355586?m=7791c9d1&bws=s 
I am now officially stuck in a love hexagon in which all of my love is unrequited . Sweet mother of Jesus , could this year get any worse ? 
I'm trying to make a custom \tag your friends\ " thing . :D " 
\Success is a lousy teacher . It seduces smart people into thinking they \ 
Just got done salvaging all the valuable stuff from my current < PROPFEMALE > file so I can do a < PROPFEMALE > Nuzlocke Run ! Phew ! 
And , with all that boring trading stuff over with , Imma finish off the night with some late night Left 4 Dead . :D 
Hey , could somebody tell Blue Toad I finally got Little < PROPMALE>'s Story ? Good thing Game Crazy was having a closing sale . 
i finally have a cell phone ! :D 
Walking around my neighborhood at night + Giggling at all the sexual innuendo in < PROPFEMALE > Craze music on the radio = Epic win . 
This is the most friends I've had online in a long time :O 
I've just been Beiber Rolled . Lord help me . 
Who decided to make 2010 a bad soap opera for \ 
me ? I'm sick and tired of this unbelievably long string of bad events . 
bored as fuck at school and now yet another friend has left me and Im about to take a final exam and im failing classes and people are making fun of me and parental drama AND I WANNA GO HOME AND CRY . 
Well , it looks like I'm FINALLY getting a break from all this drama . The L4D2 Mutation mode I was looking forward to should be out now , too . :D Oh and I made some new friends this week :D 
Last Man On Earth mode on L4D2 is tremendously difficult ... and actually scary . 0 . o Turning around and finding a Spitter towering over you or a Charger coming at you while you're ALL ALONE = nightmare fuel . Seriously , no common infected , no other survivors ... it makes things TOO quiet . Creepy , creepy , creepy . 
Two more finals condensed into a few hours tomorrow morning ... That's all I have left of school . :D 
I had a nice period of introspection while walking through the < PROPMALE > out back ... no cell phone , no handheld games , no journal ... just some time to think to myself . Everyone who has a busy schedule needs to do something like this every now and then . Oh and exploring is fun too . Did I mention that the < PROPMALE > is private property ? ;D 
I just completed the last day of school , so why the fuck am I so depressed !? Even the weather is blue , for < PROPMALE>'s sake . :/ 
I just figured out how to use my headphones as a mic , which means I can finally use a mic in FPSs , Steam , and on teh interwebz . :) 
Today was a nice , no-bullshit day . A great start to summer . 
Can someone please get me a shot of pure caffeine to keep me awake for all the cool stuff that's going down tonight ? Damn hypersomnia ... 
I now have a Real Life Microphone From Radio Shack That Actually Works(TM) ! Comfy fit , too ! Online gaming will be more fun now . 
I'm secretly Irregular Sleep Patterns Man - hypersomniac by day , insomniac by night . I am posting this at 4:51 AM , and I'll give ya a hint : I didn't wake up early . 
QV : Making Monday suck less for me since ... whenever I started listening to it 
I thought of a new job that would employ English majors everywhere - one\ 
that interprets the tangential thoughts of business executives and \ 
politicians for those of us that have no clue what they're trying to \ 
say . Anybody got suggestions for a name ? 
I wonder if I could pursue some sort of writing career ... I should get to practicing . :O 
Don’t let ‘em get in your head , they try to probe you\ 
\ 
Figure your thoughts so they can try and control you\ 
And through you , control your whole crew\ 
It’s psychology boy , now what the fuck that make you\ 
wanna do ? 
Putthis\ 
as your status to see what people rate you ... 1 ) crazy 2 ) wished wewent\ 
out 3 ) talkative 4 ) sarcastic 5 ) lovable 6 ) ok 7 ) strong 8 ) dumb 9)\ 
spoiled 10 ) mouthy 11 ) wild 12 ) goofy 13 ) funny 14 ) awsomely awsome 15)\ 
amazing 16 ) beautiful 17 ) bffl 18 ) wish I knew you better 
I'm goin ' down down to Montrose , \ 
Gonna have myself a time . 
I just got back from HATCH . In the gayborhood . Which is also a red light district . At night . The interior of the building was covered in sexual posters and crap . My mom had the brilliant idea to walk in with me . I have never felt more awkward and out-of-place in my life . 
I'm still recovering from fabulosity overdose . That smell that permeated the place ... that smell of perfume which I vaguely remember smelling while passing through the men's department at the mall , cranked up to 1000 ... I will never forget it . 
So amongst my group of friends I have a kid who gets mostly all As and found a pulsar at 15 , a world-travelling Pokemon card nerd , a crazy-awesome otaku Canadian girl , a dude that collects arcade games ... and that's about it . This shows how much of a geek I am , doesn't it ? 
New profile pic for the first time in ages . Do you love it ? 
Nice full < PROPFEMALE > we have tonight ... Somewhere , there's a werewolf pride parade going on . 
Days of the Week according to me :\ 
Monday : The most anxiety-inducing and depressing day of the week . Sucks ass , and that's why we skip Monday rather than other days on most national holidays . \ 
Tuesday : Everything always happens on Tuesday . Hectic , hectic , hectic . \ 
Wednesday : As average as average gets . \ 
( rest in comments ) 
Got back from Toy Story 3 ... Only Pixar can make full grown adults cry over a movie about colorful chunks of plastic that come to life . \ 
On a side note , did you that Totoro is a little side-character in it ? 
So I decided that I'm going to take a little challenge called A Letter A Day that I found on the interwebs . I start much later today , since it is early enough for my dad to start leaving for his 6-5 job and I DID NOT wake up early . \ 
Should be pretty interesting ... to me . All of you who could give less of a crap will still have to see this stuff . Or not , \ 
because I might just use Twitter or a blogging website . 
I just had a discussion with my brother in which we were comparing Team Fortress 2 to Call of Duty : Modern Warfare . Somewhere along the line , it turned into a discussion about the real-life wars going on right now and the politics behind them . I love conversations like that , don't you ? 
I was in the same server as a person who got the < PROPFEMALE > Wrench at the time it happened . :O 
I can't wait for the Engineer Update to finish downloading ! Fun fact : During the < PROPFEMALE > Wrench lottery , I decided to take the opportunity to smelt all of my weapons down to metal and start all over again . :D Twas fun . 
I'm trying to work with < PROPFEMALE > Robedee to organize a little event at Meyer Park , and hopefully later a GSA at Klein Collins . I know Spring HS and Klein HS already have one , so part of me is disappointed that I won't be shaking much up . I almost wish the school would deny it at first , just so I could maybe get in the news or something . Oh well , I suppose every little bit counts ... 
Like if summer school sucks monkey tits . 
I'm so glad that summer school is almost over for the week , it is EXHAUSTING . Can't wait to go see- er , smell the Corpse Flower when it blooms . 
What is it with LGBT people and animals ? I heard that there was an LGBT animal shelter around here ( not that it's exclusively for LGBT people ) on Queer Voices . Right now I'm watching a somewhat interesting show on TLC called \The Fabulous Beekman Boys\ " about a metropolitan New York gay couple ( plus a goat keeper ) who started an ethical farm in the same state's countryside . " 
Felt like Rukas today when I was debating with my World History teacher xD 
Corpse flower is blooming ! I'm going to get downtown to see it this afternoon if it kills me . I could use a picture of it for the flower collage I want to make ! 
Brb , Galleria . Never been there before , so this should be fun . 
Paraphrased from an article on < PROPFIRST > Stewart :\ 
\ His participation in local amateur dramatics increased 
Why do my dreams always end in me getting eaten alive by an alligator ? I hate those things . I wish they didn't live around here . 
I Just beat the entire goddamn game of L4D2 on Last Man on Earth Mode . Thank you , Gabe Newell and co ., for your great taste in Mutation modes this week . It was a kick-ass way to spend my last day with Summer . He may have been suffering these past few days , but tonight he was smiling as he passed on . R.I.P. Summer Vacation 2010 . I survived the zombie apocalypse by myself , I will survive life without you . 
Good god I hate this school . I swear to god it's run by one of those stereotypical office bosses who spends more time rambling on about team building and building vague character traits then actually , you know , CARING about the kids . 
My favorite amendment in the < PROPMALE > of Rights is Amendment 9 , which basically says that the document was not crafted by the hands of God himself . It can and should be edited . It also serves as a rather obvious but necessary reminder : Your legal \rights\ " are not your actual rights . " 
9Fun fact : My skin turns reddish pink after a few minutes in the sun during recent summers . It feels like a very mild sunburn . It's because of my eczema , 
9which has been getting progressively worse lately . Either that or I'm a vampire : That explains the insomnia ! 
I expand upon my previous statement . Klein Collins is what you get when you hand the seat of principal to a stereotypical office boss , hand most of the remaining administration seats to drill sergeants , and make coaches who hate their jobs teach half the classes . It's a recipe for a soul-drained student body and is not a healthy environment to go to school in . 
As < PROPMALE > would say , Happy Hump Day . 
What have I done to keep my dignity intact today ? I :\ 
-BS'd a BS assignment\ 
-Left sheets of toilet paper with my rants about the school on them neatly in the school bathroom\ 
-Currently checking to see if my Biology teacher is technically allowed to do what she did today in class 
WTF IS THIS I'm grounded for something I didn't do 
Off from school today , but I'm still grounded and my parents are PO'd . Ugh . 
So ... Is Ice < PROPFIRST > the only thing missing from SMG2 that was in SMG1 ? Also Cloud < PROPFIRST > acts as the new FLUDD hover and rocket nozzles if you ask me . 
@I finally talk some sense into my parents and they unground me , then the power fucking blows out . Did I mention that I accidentally got my parents one st 
@ep closer to divorce ? Combined with some other minor stuff that happened yesterday , I am on a BAD LUCK STREAK . Stupid Autumn thunderstorms . 
Oh good ! I got home from school in time ! 
Um . It appears that I have just been talked to by an animated character . wut 
\Peacocks are really just drag queens \"" 
Pneumatic Diversity Vent\ 
\Diversity\ " is a trademark of Aperture Science dba Aperture Laboratories\ 
Is mastering the < PROPMALE > of countertrolling . 
Wake me up when September ends . * snorts * 
After months of convincing my parents , I MIGHT actually be going to online school soon . FUCK YEAH IT'S ABOUT TIME ! I'd rather drive a hot iron nail through my hand than go through the rest of high school . 
I still think philosophy is the fine < PROPMALE > of confusing people to make yourself seem sm < PROPMALE > er . 
What is this new Scooby Doo i don't even\ 
I mean ShaggyxVelma wtf 
\Hey 
\When you are finally depleted 
The leaves are falling ! The leaves are falling ... FINALLY . 
Wearing purple for Spirit Day :) 
I can't believe it . I'm FINALLY out of public school . \ 
... FFFUUUUCK YEAAAAHHHH 
I can't believe I have to order textbooks for ONLINE classes , that just proves that colleges are only in it for the money . 
ATTN 11 YEAR OLD JACE :\ 
IT GETS BETTER ( school , I mean ) 
It's almost time for Halloween ... and with it , the 2nd Annual TF2 Halloween Special . And hopefully L4D for the < PROPMALE > , as well . What is it with Valve and Halloween ? 
Perfect weather , no allergies , not a care in the world ... \ 
This is TOO perfect . <3 
Just got back from a railroad adventure to Spring Klein Park :D 
Another fun fact you did not want to know :\ 
In some parts of Texas , < PROPFEMALE > beetles remove up to 80% of cattle < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is bored . Do you know what that means ? Adventure Time ! I'm going to get cleaned up , gather up some money , water , and snacks , and follow the rails down to Old Town Spring . Pics will come with the pics from yesterday . 
Has done something incredibly stupid : Pledge to do NaNoWriMo . Oh boy . 
There seems to be a lot of zombie novels this year on NaNoWriMo . And yaoi fangirls , but that's a given . 
ANYBODY got any good character/setting/plot ideas for a messed up and random zombie apocalypse story ? 
Is about to start his comedy-horror/zombie movie marathon : < PROPFIRST > of the Dead , Scary Movie 4 , an hour break , the 2004 remake of < PROPFEMALE > of the Dead , and then the series premier of the Walking Dead . :D 
316 words down ... Good lord what have I gotten myself into . Also my online school lessons just started so I'm going to have to balance that . NUUUU 
So ... what would you guys say are your personality flaws and strengths ? \ 
For moi : 
I said I hated mindlessly quoting everything , but I keep posting quotes on my wall ... LOL , I'm such a hypocrite . 
Oh God the Trademark Texan Bipolar Winter has started . 
I never realized how sadistic I truly was until I started writing . Characters ? More like puppets , who have to obey my every whim for my personal amusement .... Muahahaha . 
Just made the best sweet tea he ever made , left me with a bit of a buzz in my head though- and it's not even caffinated ! :3 
It's been like 11 1/2 hours , and I STILL have a headache from the sugar high . That is some powerful tea . 
Is off to go keep his grandparents from being lonely again ... I'm only doing this because they're old x.x 
Briefly considered not giving a fuck what Sparkles thinks and coming back to LH today . So I spent two minutes browsing LH to see if it was miraculously much better now . 
New pics , new captions . :D 
In a fit of rage , I just reported an anti gay marriage < PROPFEMALE > . Not the smartest decision , but I don't regret a thing . Just because you think marriage is between a man and a woman doesn't mean that you should be a jackass and prevent people from being married because of it . Maybe your God approves , but you're fucking with love and THAT is unforgivable . 
lol for some reason I'm nocturnal now . I actually just now woke up . 
Is going to the KC football game on Friday . For the road trip , and just for the sake of cumming . Ehehe . 
Hey , new blog post ! You mean I didn't already abandon it ? < PROPFEMALE > gasp ! 
Happy Birthday to Left 4 Dead 2 . He's a whole year old now . ;( They grow up so fast ... 
Attack of the Early Morning Facebookers !!! 
To listen to QV or play Super Smash Bros . Brawl ? The answer is both . 
Happy half birthday to me ! 
How do I keep from killing my parents 
Re : Today :\ 
> : c 
You know your life is getting out of control when you're living off of ramen and you're not even in college yet 
Happy Thanksgiving , except for you Canadian folks . And a couple English people . 
For some reason I actually can't wait to see the hickish side of my family this Christmas . 
Well , good news ! I have finally reached the point where I can't even visit Lumine Hall without feeling sick to my stomach . Do you know what that means ? It means I'm finally OVER IT . 
The thing is to change your profile picture to a red ribbon for AIDS awareness day . Coincidentally , red ribbons stood for drug awareness back at my elementary school , so I might be able to reuse some stuff from then ... 
There are now 649 Pokemon . I knew them back when there was 151 , and there are little kids I know of who started with the fourth generation . God I feel old . 
After AIDS awareness day I'm probably going to change my profile picture to a Snivy for Pokemon Profile Picture Month . I love those smug little bastards . 
Picture successfully pimped out 
Downloading Psychonauts , demo was awesome 
Just finished Psychonauts - That explains my brief absence from the interwebs . It was awesome , btw 
Moar photos of random amusing shit and people who didn't ask to have their photos uploaded 
I always look forward to New Year's over Christmas because the parties are better :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin's Alaska is now officially the most hilarious show on television . She's currently letting her children fish like four feet away from adult grizzly bears ... WHILE SHE ADMIRES THE GRIZZLY BEAR'S MOTHERING STYLE . \ 
REPUBLICANS HAVE NEVER BEEN MORE IRONIC 
Apparently near-bipolarness runs in the family . We're cussing each other out one minute and the next we're embraced in a really heartwarming hug . It's sitcom material ! 
I've been cooped up in this boring , quiet house for what seems like decades ... Anyone want to meet up IRL ? 
So let me get this straight ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is on his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE ; yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ?? Re-post to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL .. 
AAAAAAAAAAAAND my mind is out of here ! I'm going to take a nap before I do something stupid out of boredom and hurt myself . 
You might be a video game nerd if you know who Koji Kondo , Crush 40 , and < PROPMALE > Coulton are . And you listen to all of their music . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Wonderland was surprisingly fun . :O I'm officially in that magical Christmas mood again ! 
Uploaded a helluvaload of Dec . 4 , 2009 , the last time Hell froze over . ( It snowed in < PROPMALE > ) Oh and there's two bonus pics from < PROPFEMALE>'s wonderland last night . Hope it gets everyone in the festive mood ! 
Way way too many pictures of Mount Evans uploaded . This is only like a portion of a sixth of the photos I took , so it's no wonder I took this long to upload my Colorado trip photos . More pics from a different leg of my Colorado trip ... tomorrow . x.x Enjoy the snow in July 
Crazy idea of the day : Convince mom that * online friend * is not a child predator , Cash Christmas money in for plane ticket to visit . 
I just realized that no one is going to take me seriously with a Pokemon avatar . Then I realized that I don't care . 
Good grief , it really is the shortest day of the year . It's been dark for like 30 minutes . 
Goddamnit I'm over psychoanalyzling myself again > < 
Don't be surprised if I'm cranky today - I just got through with a CAT scan ( I DESPISE full body scans ) and an ... extremely violating and painful procedure . You really don't want to know what it is , but if you really want to know I'll tell . 
Well it's official - DADT has been killed , now we just need to wait for that to be enforced . 
I don't get to do < PROPFIRST > shit but my brother gets to go to a racy casino hotel in Louisiana . FML 
Playing my brother's copy of Black Ops while he's gone . It really is addictive ... 
type your name : Jace\ 
type it with your elbow : jmnsac 3ew\ 
type it with your nose : jace\ 
type it with your eyes closed : Jace\ 
Now put this as your status and don't erase the mistakes 
Who remembers < PROPFEMALE > MARLE ?! 
YUM eggnog . It destroys my higher brain functions and it isn't even alcoholic , good thing it's a seasonal drink lol 
When will I stop with the silly avatars ? The world may never know 
is thinking of donating to and joining the Human Rights Campaign 
I wished for a white Christmas and got rain instead . Close enough , we've been having a drought recently anyways lolz 
The good news is that < PROPMALE > gets a song on the new Gorillaz album . The bad news is that it kinda sucks . Also < PROPFIRST > and even Amarillo got better songs . 
So it turns out I get a free download of The Fall . I'm using my l337 haxor skills to get ' em all on my DSi . \Seattle Yodel\ " should be fun to play with . " 
Boxing Day 2010 purchases :\ 
-Blank CD-RWs ( have yet to figure out how to burn stuff to them x.x )\ 
-Midlife : A Beginner's Guide to Blur\ 
-Super Scribblenauts 
Fun fact : It was POURING on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and I saw like 3 wrecks on the way to and from Grandmom and Grandad's house . ( This is like a 5 mile distance ) 
Super Scribblenauts is addictive . You really can summon anything to use . Also , Video Game Cruelty Potential . 
I have yet to spend all my money . Only one thing to do ... \ 
GALLERIA 
Mirror's Edge is 5 bucks on Steam right now . * squee * 
Mirror's Edge won't get past the splash screen . D: 
I'm watching an ICarly blooper special on < PROPMALE > ... It's very surreal , they're skating in and out of the fourth wall . Maybe even a fifth wall , for all I know . 
\24 YEAR OLD FURRIES FROM CHICAGO 
The Woodland's entries are even better . They all describe it as the most ghetto place imaginable . xD ( For you out-of-towners , this is MASSIVE sarcasm ) 
Just now learned when the Soviet Union broke up . From the inside of an album cover . Man , I can't believe it was that short of a time period ago . Why the fuck don't they teach recent history in school ? It's ten times more important then what went on 200 years ago . I still don't know what the fuck this war is about . Been confused since 9/11/01 . 
OK everybody , if you had to pick one instrument for me , which would it be ? 
It is currently 70 degrees outside . On a late December night . Only in < PROPMALE > . 
Off to the New Year's < PROPFEMALE > Party ~ I've been waiting for 2011 for what seems like forever , even though it seems like the Curse of 2010 wore off a few months ago . 
So today I managed to get kicked out of the doctor's office . 
Am I the only person who actually likes American Dad ? 
Why am I making macaroni at 2:45 in the morning again ? 
So many easter eggs in the Kamiki Festival in Okami ... 
I am disappointed that I can't get my own ITunes account without sharing a library with Zach ... he gets really pissy about it . :/ 
Is it just me or is it mandatory for every band to have a music video where the band is driving down a desert road ? 
I honestly had no fucking clue it was Friday . 
I think I'll go watch the sunrise . :) 
Ugh ... too much music , my ears hurt just from the phone ringing . XD Stupid me , always listening to strange music that requires headphones if I don't want people to yell at me . 
Galleria time :D SHAMELESSLY BEING A ZOMBIE TO CAPITALISM FTW 
I had fun playing \count the shops with pretentious and/or French names and cafes in Westheimer . \ " Bonus points if it's all of the above or if the cafe is a Starbucks . " 
Is at the library with a whopping 14 minutes of battery and no charger . 
Happy Hump Day everyone ;D 
Listening to Wide Open Spaces w/ Roark on KPFT 90.1 ... Nice to listen to some stuff I've never heard of before every now and then . 
Best Steam handle ever : Revolver Oshawott 
Currently trying to find the most exclusive internet group that I still qualify for because I'm bored . 
Jaceisms #1 : Reverse Vertigo : The sensation you get when looking at a skyscraper from below . 
Give Up Robot is probably the best thing ever 
Happy Birthday Dad , even though you're not on Facebook ... < PROPMALE > chocolate cake as per usual for you . 
Commence operation : Don't ruin a shirt for once ! 
http://www.gifsoup.com/imager.php?id=1354010 
Playing the forum hopping game again ... Going through the necessary steps of getting to know the members , in-jokes , tics , general attitude ... Putting up with those few jackasses in every forum that are immune from being banned because they're lovable ... ( In the other members ' views ) It's all so very predictable . I could write a song about it . 
Mom : \ ... You talked to a stranger ? \ " \ 
Releases I'm waiting on :\ 
-Pokemon Black + White : March 6th\ 
-Okamiden : March 15th\ 
-Portal 2 : April-ish 16th ( valve time)\ 
-Legend of Zelda : Skyward Sword : Early 2011 ? 
Go as anything on Halloween/Say you're Lady Gaga 
Is waiting for mom to get back from the grocery store because apparently it's too dangerous for a 16 year old to walk to the corner store for ice cream at 6:30 
Practicing my singing for the first time in ages . Yeah I suck , but practice makes perfect right ? 
Back from soda run . It was fun playing the traffic dodging game for the first time in months . 
Got bored and uploaded The Fall backwards to YouTube 
GUESS WHO'S BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK ! 
Recommended Videos : How to Style Emo Hair\ 
Rude much ? 
I'm trying to think of a song for each month . 
HOLY SHIT STOP THE PRESSES IT MIGHT SNOW 
Preordered Black at Best Buy :D 
SKYPE ! I'm jace . whitaker on there 
Organising a little L4D2 game on Steam . If anybody wants in , just tell me . 
Did it snow while I was asleep ? D: 
Fuck I have to do so much stuff to catch up on schoolwork 
Two days ago it was snowing , today it felt like Springtime . I wanna go to the beach ! 
Portal 2 is fourty-five dollars , I'm waiting for my birthday . And if it won't run on my computer , Imma choke a bitch . 
So it turns out I whistle my \s\ " es a bit ! Holy beanstalk I never noticed this before ! " 
The Hicks Next Door were doing something involving swinging golf clubs in the air with their kids on the front lawwn at night . I won't even ask . :P 
Remember to shoot your zombies in the head or else they come back to life ! \ 
( Unless they're technically just infected living humans ) 
Probably gonna do the 30 day FB photo thing over the month of March . 
I have Half-Life 2 , why have I never played it ... \ 
Wow , five discs . 
I've had this extremely surreal , yet beautiful mental image in my head for a week or so now . I wish I had artistic skill so I could paint it out ... I dunno if I could describe it . 
Dad got free tickets to the rodeo . So we have to go . \ 
NOOOOOOOOOOOO 
At the Rodeo . :/ 
Probably most likely getting Minecraft . 
Dear Mom : I would like to go see Rango with you . However , I would not like to go see Rango with you on the day that Pokemon Black and White is released . 
Out with the Zubat , in with the Woobat . 
Lovin ' < PROPFEMALE > Topley-Bird so far . 
I will give 25 dollars and a 5 dollar Best Buy gift card (+10 dollars for you ) or sexual favors to the person who gifts me Minecraft 
Snoop Dogg vs . Ghostland Observatory on South Padre Island on the 17th . Mind = blown . 
FINALLY found Fly in Pokemon . * tosses the HM at this game's mandatory early game bird Pokemon * 
\Many different values mix together 
http://news.yahoo.com/s/yblog_thelookout/20110309/ts_yblog_thelookout/new-yorkers-mysterious-photo-quest-ends-in-paris 
Got to the Pokemon League in the new Pokemon game ... Ugh , time for the pre-League grind . Y'know I had to spend a week grinding to beat the HeartGold League ? \ 
Also I can't find a male Vullaby . > ( 
Finished Black yesterday . \ 
Looker = Best Pokemon NPC ever . 
Y'know what would've been a better fire/bug type Pokemon ? A fire ant . 
Tornadus went down with one Ultra Ball at half health and no status condition . Fail . 
Gonna fire up Okamiden for the first time ! :D 
\Everybody is a genius . But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree 
Options for Halloween :\ 
1 ) Hipster\ 
2 ) Zombie\ 
3 ) Zombie Hipster 
Dad was on the radio ! :D ( And he sounds way different ) 
I'm making something super special awesome for my G-U homegirls in celebration of International < PROPMALE > Day . 
Watching Crocodile Dundees 1 and 2 . Fuck yeah , stereotypes\ 
Also I'd just like to say that Bugs < PROPFEMALE > is the biggest troll ever . 
I just got a message in Italian that was supposed to go to some Italian business head according to Google Translate . WTF 
Pardon , International < PROPMALE > Albarn Day is today , not yesterday . Listening to some of my favorite Blur songs in celebration :D 
The Cold Stream Beta is out ! 
It's FRIDAY FRIDAY GETTIN DOWN ON FRIDAY 
You know that awkward moment when you're looking at naughty stuff on DeviantArt and your brother walks in ? 
OH GOD THE HEAT IS BACK I'M DYING GSUDHGSUGHSGJHSBUBUB 
I just got an apple tree ! Fuck yeah . 
Uuuuh turns out fruiting trees are female . So my tree's new name is < PROPFEMALE > . 
About to have another lovely game of L4D2 with my friends from G-U :D 
As a general rule of thumb , the stupider the name , the better the band . 
Seriously thinking about visiting an online friend with birthday money , or sending someone to visit me . Anybody up for it ? 
Just finished watching Brokeback Mountain for the first time ... now I'm depressed . :( 
There sure are a lot of people getting dumped today . 
Happy 97th birthday Great Memaw ! \ 
Time to go visit her ... 
Ridin ' through the countryside , jamming to a < PROPFEMALE > Jam CD . <3 \ 
We saw a run-over baby alligator O.o 
Chicken Fettuccine < PROPMALE > @ Italiano's! Great Memaw's was fun , I have pics to show and a drawing to collaborate with Drag on when I get home , I can't wait ! 
Writing Chapter 7 of the crack fic I tots have the perfect idea for this . <3 
Goddamn beautiful weather . 
< PROPFIRST > and I are planning on possibly making an apocalypsepunk Pokemon parody fic . 
