over < PROPMALE > like woah 

loving break :) 
is happy to be back at SJU !!!! 
saw a black cat today .... zoinks ! 
is going to Guatemala !!! woot woot ! :) 
is applying for a job 
:) 
Thanks for the birthday wishes :) 
' terms 
GOT A JOB !!! =) 
homeee :) 
boom de ya da 
the shit berries are back ..... great 
i <3 my cousins 
MO'S ENGAGED !!!!! =) three down , two to go ! 
meatballs , meatballs , meatballs . oh wait ! more meatballs . 
in the words of uncle leo : hot damn ! 
So much honking outsideee !! we better beat < PROPFEMALE > ! 
study study study 
i'm willing to pay a high price for a fast forward button on life right now 
what do you call people who are afraid of < PROPFEMALE > claus 
3 more :) 
McFly is bangin out christmas cookies like woah ! 
do your trick turn on the stars , jupiter ;) 
brrrrrr 
bangin out paintings like woah 
imma be imma be 
hydrating for Operation Winter Olympics tonight ... 
studying for the dreaded postponed history final exam .... ugh 
back in the swing of things 
\Let's fuckin do shit\ " ---- the wise words of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > casserly " 
Did anybody else just hear thunder during a snow storm ? creepy 
mice in MG , great . 
parentals surprised me and came with < PROPFIRST>'s Day goodies :) <3 them 
loving the olympicsss ! 
scheming ...... 
jump jivin 
thinks the new Stride Mega Mystery Gum flavor is strawberry lemonade .... 
home for the night ... 
and the week from hell is finally here . awesome . I need Fries , VA asap ! 
FRIES VA FO SHO !!!!!!! love love love our group ! 
bubble tape ... best throw back everrr 
come to the Garage tonight 9-12 for the SIP fundraiser ! under 21 can come too ! 
found a wonderful place to live in after graduation in Morristown , NJ ! :) 
last class in college EVERRRR !! 
strugglin through an 8 < PROPFEMALE > paper on masturbation ... i need shots 
exams shmams 
badda bing bada boom 
Finals are over . Guatemala in 10 days . Life is good . =D 
graduation . guatemala . move in to house . start job . sister's wedding . oh the excitement ! 
GUATEMALA for 10 days ! woot woot ! 
nitro still beats kingda < PROPFEMALE > in my eyes 
waka waka 
i can't get enough of techno music 
inception is the coolest movie ever !!! make me an architect ! 
missing nyc already .... friday where are you 
what's on my mind ? i'll tell ya ---- kickball 
Philly Pubcrawl all day :) 
teenage dream on repeat 
BEST WEEKEND EVERRRR !!!!! 
loving the weather ! outside ! 8 ) 
