I just don't understand anything . 

I love Whole foods , now more than ever . 
Yeah , I'm now a delivery boy , and proud of it . 
White people stole my car . 
I sure wish I could pay 48% of my income , and not be ALLOWED to work mor than 32 hours a week and have my government tell me where I should be ALLOWED to live just so everyone can get free penicillin . If you agree with this statement repost it for 24 hours . Happy labor day ! Who needs a secret ballot after all ? 
No one should be frozen in carbonite , or be slowly digested for a thousand years in the bowels of a sarlaac , just because they couldn't pay Jabba the Hut what they owe him . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
YOU LIE 
The Senate is rescinding funding for ACORN after Fox News aired video tapes showing ACORN employees schooling people they believed to be pimps and prostitutes on how to game government programs for monetary grants . Democratic Senate leader < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > says that from now on , pimps and prostitutes will have to get their money the old fashioned way , from Eliot Spitzer . 
And I know because of KRS-one 
Big Meanies won't pay my bills . < pouting > 
Screw you guys , I'm gettin on my bike . 
So who here knew that cycle jerseys combined with chest hair can trap up to 200 little flies . Now I know . Apparantly little flies drown in sweat .. 
venturing into unknown territory headfirst is not as fun as it used to be 
Apple juice pancakes . 
Well , I guess the irs is gonna fuck with the Wu-tang ..... 
Wouldn't it have been great if Joy Division would've covered \I wanna destroy you \"." 
\We are to begin a global utopia where the currency is fellatio and pocket money is banned . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Brand " 
Bike delivery is on , whachu know bout that . 
You too can prevent homelessness ; order Thai food to be delivered to your door . 
I love Fall . So stop complaining when Minnesnorta acts like Minnesnowta . 
Sucker ass tricks ... 
cook your meat 
If my bike was a horse .... 
http://www.cracked.com/article_15643_p1.html 
Wow , I just looked at the facebook live feed thing . Never have I felt so close to all of you people I barely know . 
< PROPMALE > of the Road says you move too slow 
is never dinking again . 
cell phones suck . 
Okay , finally gor my replacement phone to work , plz txt msg me yr name and number so we may talk again in the future . 
If your gonna drive a tow truck you should know how not to run over cyclists . 
Minnesota plates aj4596 . a tow truck that tried to kill me . a love story . 
< PROPFIRST > Criss had breast cancer . Is it still appropriate to wear pink ? 
Blasters don't kill people . Stormtroopers kill people . 
Hot . Fresh . Spicy . Fills you up , leaves you happy . Order your Thai food to be delivered , and the earth will rotate for another day . 
It's official ... I'm now omnivore ... 
http://kai03.qwest.com/WindowsLive/Media/News/NewsDetail.aspx?cat=Science&id=D9C77AU81@news.ap.org&client=gadget&qid=3276FE985D5ED652D050238EFFFFFFFF 
I JUST DISCOVERED I CAN WATCH FOOTBALL LIVE ON THE INTERNET .... ALL HAIL THE COMING OF THE FUTURE 
Watch out for the cougars prowlin the suburbs . 
RIP < PROPMALE > 
Through wind , through snow , through sleet , through ice , we are on our bikes to deliver your spice . 
Farve 
moments from burning the cookies .... 
sleep 
OKAY ! Stop trying to get me to play farmville !!!!! 
Ugggg , coffee and aspirin for breakfast , and I didn't even drink . 
January 3 , 4 - Quadrantids Meteor Shower . The Quadrantids are an above average shower , with up to 40 meteors per hour at their peak . The shower usually peaks on January 3 & 4 , but some meteors can be visible from January 1 - 5 . Best viewing will be from a dark location after midnight . Look for meteors radiating from the constellation Bootes . 
titmouse . It's a titmouse . 
< PROPMALE > is thinking about skin . 
Will be holding cast tryouts for next springs filming of \Hot Tub Time Machine\ " Sign up sheets are in the lobby . " 
Hot Tub Time Machine . 
Broken hand . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Silverman . 
I promise I will never sit on my hand again .... 
New cast , more pain , awesome . 
< PROPFEMALE > agencies say open defecation on the decline 
My hand is a zombie . 
So I understand that there is a little known section in the newly passed healthcare < PROPMALE > about passing an I.Q. test before you are allowed to own a car with an alarm system . Anyone know about this ? Heresy . 
60 < PROPMALE > last night . I barely made it . How am I going to ride 150 in 2 weeks ? 
Nah , That super-collider that some scientists thought might cause a planetary catastrophe doesn't have anything at all to do with all of these sudden strong earthquakes in weird places . That's just silly . 
So < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > served on the Walmart board of directors ... 
Ok Uptown people , I know your'e hungry for Thai food ... bike delivery . And please don't try to tip me with lottery tickets . 
163 < PROPMALE > . Momentum is everything . 
How many people pledged allegiance to the flag of the United States and the democracy for which it stands ? 
chicken 
Snow tonight ? What ? Thanks . I had a suspicion summer was going to be short this year . 
Nothing like waking up in cold mattress soaking sweats all night . 
< PROPFEMALE > Maddow is actually evil . 
English Pirate . Yeah . I like it . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . 
Okay . I'm tired of this . Who wants to pay all my bills for a while ? 
My lovely co-workers let me have a day off !!! Thanks guys !!! 
Say hello to Mr. Noodles brother , Mr. Noodle !! 
So , I made fried chicken for lunch .... Why was I a vegetarian for so long ? 
got my blu !!!! 
Now it's official , everybody on the team has had an injury . If you drive a car , get the f off your cell phone . If your'e on a bike , stop signs are there for a reason . 
When the U.S. hosts the World Cup , we should only allow < PROPFIRST > Glitters wonderfull rock n roll pt 2 to be played . Over and over and over , and when the rest of the world cries about it , we will tell them it's part of our culture . 
bye bye Italia ..... 
I forgot how funny < PROPFIRST > Murphy really is ... 
If a dream is a wish your heart makes , then why was I dreaming about returning a purple hoodie with a defective zipper to Kmart . ALL NIGHT . 
Welllll , no spontaneous trips to Amsterdam today for me . 
Once again , I was caught up in the passion of an astrologer . I mean weatherman . 
Blue cheese and bacon stuffed burgers { fried in bacon fat } on a kaiser bun , condomized with sri racha . side of fries . 15 years of a clean colon , thing of the past . 
Flugtag !!!!! 
Tonight , in order ; Late ; crash ; another crash ; rude guy ; giant penis ; crazy lady ; mistake ; another mistake ; groceries ; and finally 3 EXTREMELY overweight bike cops riding down the middle of Lake street , seemingly drunk and in my way . Now I'm gonna watch Rambo 3 . 
< PROPFIRST > the Exterminator !!!!!! 
Can't sleep , clown will eat me . 
Today I will be delivering a spicy Pad Prig < PROPMALE > with bean sprouts and grilled chicken .... 
favre 
95 < PROPMALE > . 5 hours . 2 raccoons . 1 snake . 1 deer . 1 fox . 1 brutal car accident in front of me at the fairgrounds , in front of 2 cops . ( everybody is ok , weirdly ) 
Kite day !!!!! 
planning an alleycat race .... Anyone have any race ideas ? 
Stoner Witch is the best fraking record ever recorded . 
So Mr. President , you say the recession is over ? Well , thank goodness , I wish you had said that a couple of years ago . 
The Blackmarket Alleycat will destroy everything youv'e ever believed . Ok not really , but should be fun . 
Life is like riding a bicycle - in order to keep your balance , you must keep moving . ~ Albert Einstein 
Why didn't anybody tell me that the SYFY channel had wonder woman wrestling matches on Friday nights ? 
Pie day !!! 
Days like this ... I love everybody . 
I think < PROPFIRST > should have a bacon cheeseburger . 
Look out below . 
Flyer looks awesome . 
Sooooo , there are protestors marching in circles around my building . The best part is the pack of kids following them in the bushes . I'm guessing the kids are waiting for the police beatdown . But seriously , why are they protesting my home ? 
You cannot make this stuff up . 
Week old pot roast , navy beans . I feel funny . 
Anybody in Uptown need some spicy pork dip ? 
So , new dance craze ... Rand < PROPFIRST > Stomp !!! 
An object in motion tends to stay in motion . Especially my bike . 
I love what I do . 
Perfect day to be on a bike . Who wants to race ? 
I know you think it's cute when you see my son and I out on a bike ride , but when you stop dead in the street to stare at us , you're risking our lives . 
If you run after a gerbilcorn , you will rue the day that you were born !!!! 
< PROPMALE > Marvolo Riddle 
Cuz I'm a Ninja . 
Snow day = Clean home 
It's never a good sign when you wake up early thinking about how good your coffee is going to taste , and the coffee maker won't brew . 
I love internet networking . 
< PROPFEMALE > on coffee , I'm comin . I miss you too . 
< PROPMALE > Venture 
Another ice storm ? Really ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Yes , I just deep-fried beef , wrapped in bacon . Yes I did . 
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently - NIETSCHE 
Nobody worries about upsetting a droid . 
Noone calls < PROPFEMALE > Solo a bitch . 
Why don't I have studded tires yet ? 
I think I am going to fall and die . 
Back pain + Vikings game = Day on the couch 
SKOL VIKES !!!! 
Today , I only caused a little bit of damage . A good day . 
It's official , I'm too old for this shit . 
SHAZAM ! 
Big Snow . 
it has begun 
My back was good for 12 cars today . 
Crap , the city just decided to stop plowing . 
The dome is DOWN !!!! 
I say we take the roof of the metrodome completely off , and rehab the stadium into a monster velodrome . 
Seriously , Metrodome could be the greatest velodrome EVER !!!! 
Can somebody please hook me up with a sweet job at White Castle ? 
Bones reallinged ; joints popped ; muscles stretched ; time to go to work . 
I think we should appoint < PROPMALE > to the Advisory Council on Community Funkiness . 
In space noone can hear you giggle . 
Just spent about an hour staring at satellite pictures of the apartment building I spent part of my childhood . I'm gonna go get on my bike now , this is silly . 
Going to CRC for coffee ; Who's with me ? 
hooray for food poisoning 
Blech . 
Damn , Wikipedia deleted me . 
And now that I have walked through the valley of the shadow of E Coli ; I shall bleach the kitchen . 
Who knows of a well paying job around these parts ? 
Dear money < PROPFEMALE > , would you like some teeth ? 
1/2 hour left on today's deliveries . GET SOME . 
Haters gonna hate . 
The plague is coming . Be warned . The end is nigh . 
Just sent out resume number 100 , I really hate fishing . 
I know you will break my heart , and that is why I love you . 
It's dark and dreary , but if you have the flu and want some < PROPMALE > Yam Soup , call Chiang < PROPFEMALE > Thai . 
When in doubt , go faster . 
Another day , another 48 cents . 
Ok 3rd resume in at QBP , if you care enough , send me some gettin a good job vibes !!!! 
Dynamite with a laser beam . 
Normally I don't do this but PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who's been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post . 
of devotion to have neither eyes nor ears for the outer world . \ 
to blow . However , there were times when there were pauses 
When the little voice in my head says not to do that stupid thing I want to do .... I ask the other voices for their opinion . 
Once again , titmouse . 
I love the sound of the radiator . 
Almost poured the coffee into a salt shaker ..... 
< PROPFIRST > Lalane , I hardly knew ya . RIP 
sick 
Time to work on the tan . 
I don't think I'm really known for being an old prude , but seeing ads on t.v. for sex toys kinda makes me uncomfortable . 
3 shots of espresso ; beautiful girl in the window of the BLB ; 1 big ripe orange ; shouldn't I feel a little more awake by now ? 
I guess the employment agreement between me and QBP is not to be . Damn . 
Chocolate Cheerios make everything better . 
I did not see my shadow . 
Soooo , this woman bringing down Berlusconi .... Wow . 
Hey Minnesota friends , Anybody have any decent paying job ideas for me ? 
Yep today requires 3 cups . Glad to hear bout Egypt . Glad you folks are all doing so great . I'm gonna drink more coffee . 
Where is the < PROPMALE > and how can I cut to it ? 
First real ride of the year . Picture antelope running through a snowy marsh . 
Damn everything . Spring has dissapeared . CRC is closing . My arthritis is flaring . My psycho neighbor sounds like she is practicing for a limbo convention . Could someone please just stab me in the fucking neck . 
Snowmagillicudy 
Since light travels faster than sound , people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
I am drowning . 
Kinda weird to see the lightrail derail . But it sounded pretty metal . 
ok , < PROPFEMALE > Bachman , stop talking . 
The snow is coming . I can feel it . I want tacos . 
I really hope that the entire country doesn't go on strike . 
Cinnamon toast , coffee , and another rejection letter from QBP . Almost a good day . 
\I was bullied for my big ears . \"" 
I think that I would be moving away from California right about now . 
Fun and snowy ride , I'm gonna call this a spring snow . 
Happy Pi day !!! 
Welcome to Middlefingerapolis . 
Nothin wrong with a few scars .... 
Alas , no supermoon for me . Damned clouds . 
I just realized that my entire body smells like the inside of a sixteen year old boys shoe . I'd like to take this moment to apologize to my co-workers , meh , nevermind . This is what a man smells like . INHALE . 
coughing fit + icy pothole = me sliding on my ass through a busy intersection . I'm alive !!!! 
