is getting to know < PROPMALE > and catching up with MiMi :o ) Best vacay ever 

someone needs to trip < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > so he'll be out the rest of season with a sprained ankle . 
you know your life has changed when your greatest accomplishment of the day is getting the baby asleep :) 
RULERS AREN'T THE BOSS O ME !!! 
how did i fail to realize how much i'm going to miss everyone ? :'( last day is gonna be a sad one 
if anyone ever tells you that you need to have a death valley , kick them in the shins and run away screaming YOU SIR ARE A LIAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
NINE AND OHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BLESS YOU BOYS :D 
first day in a new place today and i hate change ... anybody else from metairie wanna new job ? summer tell < PROPFEMALE > to stop biting everyone's heads off or i'm only visiting on wednesdays ............ no worries jessabee i'll find my way to the bar ;) 
fuck a truck man . i dont wanna :( 
i hate change ... a lot . how is everybody ? :( miss ya'll . still . a lot 
is it tuesday ? totally shoulda gone to the daq tonight . that woulda made me happy 
why does it make me so happy that < PROPFEMALE > asks for her glasses cause ' she can't see without her glasses ... ' ? 
totally need a nap if i'm gonna make it thru this movie ... 
screw a hippopotamus for christmas ... i want a kindle ! 
I'd rather see the world from another angle : We are everyday angels :o ) Be careful with me ' cause I'd like to stay that way 
commence operation christmas decorations !!!! so excited 
I hope that everything bad gets better as aoon as I walk in the door <3 ' Cause that's what you do for me ... :o ) 
thankful for friends who are more like family and family who are more like friends :o ) 
my Wow- i love my family . they are absolutely amazing and i love sitting back and watching the chaos that reigns everytime we are all together . my Pow- it's been 6 years and i still wish < PROPFEMALE > were here with us . miss you 
why the EFF am i farkle-ing when i have to be awake for work in 5 hours ??? 
what's she in the kitchen bitchin about her crabs for ? 
When i was eight years old Uncle < PROPFIRST > started taking me < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to home depot . We each got to pick a tree . We would drop my tree off at my house and pick my mom up , drop off < PROPFEMALE>'s tree at Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s house , and then bring < PROPFEMALE>'s tree to Maw Maw's where we would all decorate her house for Christmas :o ) 
it's disgusting that breaking down another human being to the point of emotional incapacity actually makes some people feel good about themselves ... absolutely horrid :( 
Yay get to wake up early on my day to sleep in to give St < PROPFIRST > Parish $200 bc i was a dumb ass and didn't realize i was goin 74 on the spillway not 55 :( 
how's my boss gonna call me out last week on getting txt message updates for the game while i was at work then schedule me during this week's game ? jerkface ! i really wanna have a radio in my ear just to piss him off more but he managed to schedule himself off tonight ... ugh ! 
wow im such a douchebag . so i'm helping this lady with her SON's school project and i tease her and ask whose project it is ... hers or her sons ? to which she replies , well he's in special < PROPMALE > so it's pretty much mine . open mouth , insert foot . kind of like asking your youth group kid if she ever makes up stuff for attention , like ' i have spina bifida and my mom di<PROPMALE>' and having her reply , ' my mom really did die ... ' 
I'm coming out of my cage and i been doing just fine ... Destiny is calling me . Open up my eager eyes ! Cuz I'm Mr. Brightside !!! 
GEAUX SAINTS !!!!!!! 12- OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Breesus for MVP 
wow overnights hurt . i feel like i got hit by a bus and get to do it again tonight . off tues tho :) daq shop anyone ? 
thinks i drank too much coffee at work . i need to sleep :( 
just you and me all a mess on this clean white paper :o ) 
given the < PROPMALE > , I'm gonna be somebody !!!!!!!!!! 
hey -- dont write yourself off yet . it's only in your head you feel left out , or looked down on ... 
people who enjoy making other people cry disgust me :o ( although the loss prevention visit went very well .... 
The most memorable people in life will be the friends who loved you when you weren't very loveable !! 
ya gotta have FAITH ( faith , faith ) ... 
i've just seen a face i can't forget the time or place where we just met she's just the girl for me and i want all the world to see we've met . 
i just got a night-night kiss on the forehead from the most AAAAAAA-mazing 3 year old ever . <3 
there comes a time in everyone's life when all you can see are the years passing by . and i have made up my mind that those days are GONE !!!!!!!!!!! here's to a new year with more cherished moments and fewer fleeting ones ! 
most def a night for goose ... 
and truth be told i miss you . and truth be told i'm lying ... hope it gives you hell 
i WILL see this fucking play that i have been wanting to see for 4 1/2 years !!!!!!!! 
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOTT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! it's time to try defying gravity !!!!! :o ) finally . something went right today . 
its sad how excited i am that we managed to collect all 6 chipmunks from mcdonald's already :o ) 
what's on my mind ? happy flipping birthday to me is on my mind !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! my kindle should arrive just in time ....... to be slightly early :o ) 
sittin here in my sno wipe shoes and matching crown feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > . ( i have been so dubbed with a bippity boppity boo ) . waiting for 3-y/o bedtime so i can watch a movie with my bff :) 
my b day present is on its way ! they need to hurry up cause i want to have it . 
so take care what you ask of me . cause i can't say no to you . 
It is a violent and disturbing sight , to witness a butterfly emerge from its cocoon . But if you help it , it will die . Because as it beats its wings against the walls of its cocoon to free itself , it builds the strength to fly :o ) 
is it bad when the person you're babysitting for sticks her head back in the door and asks which way to Canada ??? 
let's have another drink/ waste some time with me/ we're happy in the meantime ... :) 
But it's always gonna come right back to this 
who is the idiot at corporate who decided that we needed a full wedding reset in the busiest friggin season for planning a friggin a wedding ???????!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:( 
forget anyone who's made you feel any less than amazing <3 
People say that silence is peaceful , but it's the loudest fucking place on Earth ! -Mia Fontaine 
you gotta do what makes you happy .... but you can't infringe on the happiness of others ....... 
\Can you imagine ? A Super Bowl parade in New Orleans ? It would make Mardi Gras look like two boys pulling a beagle in a wagon . \ " -Becca Storace " 
I'm tired of watching this world just pass me by . Longing for action the reaction is something I can't hide . And this morbid feeling of atrphy is sinking in , it's sinking in .... - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Nothing is more misunderstood about post-Katrina New Orleans than this : the Saints are not a symbol of rebuilding , but of what has been rebuilt ! 
holy bajeesus ! 90 < PROPMALE > in 4 hours and a 2.5 mile sprint to see one parade ... but i wouldn't have missed it for the world !!!!!!!!!! 
ummmmmmmmmm , family ? i am in need of a night out with my cousins . can we make this happen ? 22nd street bar anyone ????????????? soon ? 
SOOOOOOOOOO , it was an interesting day at Hammond Aire ................ 
who can say if i've been changed for the better ? but , because i knew you , i have been changed FOR GOOD ! 
Bought a ticket for a runaway train Like a madman laughin ' at the rain Little outta touch , little insane Just easier than dealin with the pain 
super excited about warm weather tomorrow !!!!!!!! i am SO playing outside all day tomorrow ! bout friggin time 
it's time to trust my instincts , close my eyes , and LEAP !!!!!!!!! it's time to try DEFYING GRAVITY :o ) ............... 46 days 
i wonder if i still have my popple .... need to check cause that would make me happy :) 
work totally BLOWS !!!! i was so ready for a night out sat and they ruined it with their 6 effing AM plan-o-gram emergencies in MY weekend off !!!!!!!!!! 
i am officially a hero ... pretty much caught up now :o ) ............. ' course the paperwork has gone thru and i now have keys and an alarm code . it's never a good sign when your boss looks at you and says ' we're gonna abuse the hell outta you ' esp when you know he's not kidding . and you will let them :( 
oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh riiiiiiiiiight ... books on tape . for the deaf people :o ) 
You by the light is the greatest find In a world full of wrong you're the thing that's right 
still harder , gettin up gettin dressed living with this regret . but i know if i could do it over i would trade give away all the words that i saved in my heart that i left unspoken . 
and why do they always say no regrets ? But i wish that you were here with me . Well then there's hope yet . I can see your face in our secret place . You're not just a memory . Say goodbye to yesterday . Those are words I'll never say . This used to be my playground :) 
I think to myself , This world is a beautiful place ! I have been blessed . And I feel like I've found my way . I thank God for all I've been given at the end of everyday :) 
WHOOOOOOOOO ! I was SO nervous about the fact that I hadn't heard from the Academy , but so far I'm still in ! YAY ! ( SIGH OF RELIEF ) :o ) 
I'm super girl ! And I'm here to save the world :o ) 
waffles for breakfast make my heart super happy :) i have the best big sister EVER !!! 
is SO over winter ... 
who wants a purple sno-ball ??? i do , i do !!!!! pick me ! 
“The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was , the present worse than it is , and the future less resolved than it will be . ” - < PROPMALE > Pagnol 
more often than not , it's like a doctor- patient relationship ... people will tell you exactly what's wrong with them , if you'd only listen . but i'm finding that most people have their head shoved so far up their own ass that they can't even hear you , because their ears are full of crap . 
I have gone to find myself . If I return before I get back , keep me here . 
Real unconditional love is BECAUSE of our flaws , not in spite of them :o ) <3 
24 days till Wicked comes to < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! i was thinking about it today ...... cannot wait 
23 days ....... 
loves babysitting bc it gives me an excuse to watch all my fav movies !!!! 
\Jack-Jack\ " makes my <3 super happy :oD " 
holy cow !!!! 19 days cannot go by fast enough !!!!!!!!! 
God doesn't give you the people you want ; He gives you the people you NEED ... to help you , to hurt you , to leave you , to love you and to make you into the person you were meant to be . 
There's a reason why people don't stay who they are ... 
Something has changed within me , something is not the same . I'm through with playing by the rules of someone else's game . Too late for second guessing . It's too late to go back to sleep . It's time to trust my instincts , close my eyes , and LEAP ! It's time to try DEFYING GRAVITY ! 
So let go , yeah let go . Jump in . Well , whatcha waitin for ? It's alright . ' Cause there's beauty in the breakdown . 
i believe that all of life's problems can be solved over a grape sno-ball at a candle-lit table in the oldest bar in the US :o ) 
uummmmmmmmm TEN DAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! color me excited !!!!!! ( green ... that's what color excited is ) 
feeling kinda like superMom in training ... just sayin :D 
I believe that there are people in my life who have changed me forever . People who have taught me things I will continue to use for the rest of my life . I believe that once in a while , someone meanders into your life and you know right away that they were meant to be there :o ) 
needs to stop going into work on my days off . not zesty . throwin off my groove :( 
needs sunday to get here WAY faster !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
For the very first time , I feel ... WICKED !!!! 
holy efffffff !!!!!!!!! why does it feel like someone's drilling rods into my knees and hips ?? i'm never going to slp :( 
We are the EPITOME of ' it takes a village ' .... 
Dancing through life , No need to tough it When you can slough it off as I do . Nothing matters , but knowing nothing matters . It's just life , So keep dancing through . 
the rocket racer's all tuckered out , and superman's in pajamas on the couch . good night < PROPFEMALE > we'll find the mouse , and I love you ... Godspeed little man :o ) 
i absolutely love losing track of payday ... it makes every other thursday morning an incredibly delightful surprise :o ) 
hmmmm . evidently i'm ' getting back into the mood for socializing and meeting lots of new people ' .... this is HIGHLY unlikely ...... 
note to self : ammonia + turpentine = massive headache . add a whole can of spray paint and you get high as a kite .... 
Believe in me . Help me believe in anything . I wanna be someone who believes ... 
does not feel like it AT ALL ....... :( 
part of you pours out of me in these lines from time to time . 
I want a girl who uses a machete to cut through red tape ... 
anyone can start a conflict . it's harder yet to disregard it . i'd rather see the world from another angle : we are everyday angels . be careful with me cause i'd like to stay that way . 
need some sunshine in my life ....... 
DON'T BIIIIIIITE YOUR FRIENDS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! just sayin .... 
so take care what you ask of me , cause i can't say no to you ....... 
we cannot really love anyone with whom we never LAUGH ... - < PROPFEMALE > Repplier 
hello there . the angel from my nightmare . 
it's always fun to make the preggo stop for daquiri's ........ hahahahahahaha 
i'm actually pretty funny if you can ever get me to speak ............ 
There comes a time in everyone's life when all you can see are the years passing by . And i have made up my mind that those days are gone . 
i didn't want us to burn out . i didn't come here to hurt you . now i can't stop . 
i really wish it would stop threatening to rain and just rain already .......... 
i need , need , NEED a pet dragon ... except he will have an exponentially cooler name than Toothless . i don't know what it is yet , but it'll be cooler ;) 
Yesterday is a promise that you've broken . Don't close your eyes . Don't close your eyes ! This is your life . Are you who you want to be ? Is it everything you dreamed that it would be , when the world was younger , and you had everything to lose ? When you had everything to lose ... 
you can't volunteer to be the martyr then get mad bc you got martyred ... its just twisted .... 
whatever tomorrow brings i'll be there with open arms and open eyes , yeah :o ) 
in the light of the sun , is there anyone ? eyes are red and tears are shed . this world you must have crossed . you said , You don't know me and you don't even care , yeah . you don't know me and you don't wear my chains . i thik i'll go to boston . think i'll start a new life , where no one knows my name . 
WHOOOOOOOOOOOO VACAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm never goin back to work !!!!!! 
just open your eyes and see that life is beautiful ! 
why exactly do i need sinuses again ? can i please have them surgically removed ?? 
on the road again . i just can't wait to get on the road again ....... 
so i went on a wicked kick and decided to take a road trip , but i REALLY REALLY don't need a tornado to take me home , so can someone please please send all those potential tornadoes to montana ?? no one will mind since no one lives there anyway ......... 
i have to pack tonight :o ( that kinda makes my heart sad . 
SOOOOOOOOOOO nervous ........ :( 
So what if it hurts me ? What if I break down ? What if this world just throws me off the edge , my feet run out of ground ? I gotta find my place . I wanna hear my song . Don't care about all the pain in front of me . I'm just trying to be happy :) 
keepin my fingers crossed that my interview went as well as i think it did :-/ 
Hugs are for holding you together when you feel like you're falling apart :) 
there's a hundred and four days of summer vacation and school comes along just to end it . so the annual problem for our generation is finding out new ways to spend it ......... 
can you meet me halfway ?? 
AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1\ 
why is 8 hours so much longer on truck day ?? 
umbrella strollers are NOT all-terrain vehicles ..... :/ 
i will sleep another day . i don't really need to anyway . but what's the point when my dreams are infected with words you used to say ? 
BLAH !!! maybe some sunshine will help :( 
i know a girl . she puts the color inside of my world . she's just like a maze , where all of the walls continually change . and i've done all i can to stand on the steps with my heart in my hand . now i'm starting to see , maybe it's got nothing to do with me ... 
and you don't wanna be here in the future , so you say the present's just a pleasant interruption to the past ... 
i miss you most on wednesdays and saturdays ... 
is so glad for the ability to check out ....... 
nothing beats MawMaw's gumbo ... yay mom for getting that recipe down . YUMMMM :) 
turn around , bright eyes . 
so beside myself i could squeal !!! 
God tears down the world at the end of every day and rebuilds it by sunrise ... - < PROPFEMALE > Neale Hurston 
8 days down , 1 to go ... one more fliiping day till i get a day off . holy hell . i should call in 
We are the epitome of ' it takes a village ' ........ :o ) <3 
love , love , love getting called on my days off bc the auditor's showing up at 7AM the next day ... esp when i have homework out the wazoo :o ( grrrrr 
you've got me down on my knees where i'll proclaim , ALL HAIL THE HEARTBREAKER ! 
the painful realization that i'm going to be MIA for quite some time is sinking in :/ thank God for automatic payments and direct deposits bc i can't even remember to pay my bills ! 
it's to dying in another's arms and why i had to try it . 
\I kissed < PROPFEMALE > ... Then she broke her hand ............. Punching my face ............. \"" 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars ? i could really use a wish right now ... 
Every now and then , I am utterly astounded to look up and realize that the world is still spinning through such affliction :( RIP PeeJay . 
SO should be studying right now .... bad jackjack ! only have some odd 100-120 pages to read by wednesday and about 80 notecards to memorize ... it's fine i'll sleep when i'm dead ........... 
if you run into ppl you know at a squirrelly gas station , does it make you squirrelly ?? 
ten hours of inventory ... check and check . now for that studying .............. i'm thinking coffee . 
incidentally , you don't have to buy my love . i'll actually give it to you for free :) 
prob NOT a good plan to forget to take your patient's vitals .......... time to get hard core ... commence practice on stuffed animals :o ) 
hey < PROPFIRST > , don't make it bad . take a sad song and make it better ..... 
\Where are we going ? \ " \ " We're going out of our minds ! \ " \ " But where are you taking me ? \ " \ " Down the rabbit hole !!! \ " -Across the Universe " 
is it sad that one unlikely event has caused me to lose faith in the universe ? 
i can't believe another year has flashed before my eyes .......... 
ok . i know i've been whiny that i miss my family , but a flipping bbq would have sufficed . just saying . 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are shooting stars ? 
I have THE BEST cousins EVEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!!! you guys make me smile . love you ! 
remember that time , we went to that place , and we saw those people , and we did that thing ?? good times , good times ....... :o ) 
on the way down , i saw you . and you saved me from myself . and i won't forget the way you loved me . 
how do you go from a 97 to a 72 in one test ? you leave your schoolbag in your car for 2 weeks straight . not good . not good at all :( 
wake me up when september ends .... 
we'll love you just the way you are , if you're perfect . -alannis morissette 
And when you smile the whole world stops and stares for a while . Cause girl , you're amazing just the way you are <3 
I guess we're all phone call from our knees ... 
i just really don't think a pet dragon who is red with yellow and orange polka spots is too much to ask for :/ 
i love cleaning house from the couch :oD this is easy . i can do this ... 
i got a dragon , i got a dragon :o ) 
life is 10% what happens to you and 90% what you make of it ... 
it has been entirely too long since my last purple drink ... need to remedy this asap ........ 
Every now and then i'm overwhelmed with pride at how far I've come :) (( This is your life -- are you who you want to be ?? )) 
waaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyy to effin early ... can i just sleep ? for like 12 consecutive hours ?? that would be stellar . thanks 
this time , baby , i'll be bulletproof . 
you know , the fact that you are a big ole bull dyke does not mean you know more about picture hanging than i do ! i'm not telling you not to put wire on it bc i wanna make your life hell . it's because it will break the frame and cause it to crash down on your floor ... hope you don't have hard wood ..... JS ....... 
i'm coming out of my cage and i been doing just fine !!! 
You're not a chicken ; you're an eagle !!!! 
And i watch another white dash , another white dash , another white dash , fly beside us ... 
ugh ! studying ....... :( 
i'm so glitterfied i'm pretty sure i cld fly if i only had a happy thought ... welcome to christmas at < PROPFIRST>'s .......... 
laundry and studying ... feeling like ice cream wld make awesome brain food ....... 
this is the sound of breaking down ! 
And it's so sad , so sad , to think that she don't see what i see 
why does the universe not want me to pass ? :( 
SOOOO nervous !!!!!!!! and WAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY too tired to deal with it :( 
shaking like a dog shitting razorblades ........................ 
forget regret . or life is yours to miss ! 
this day really couldn't get any more STOOOOOPID !!!!!!!! can i sleep till its over ? 
i'm doing my schoolwork i swear !!!!! 
do dah , do dah ...... :) 
wow ! i've missed myself ! i barely know what to do w a day off ..... 
WHOOP free day off !!!!!! how did this happen ???? 
doing my homework on the computer might be too much of a temptation to NOT do my homework .................. 
He ain't dead till the coroner comes !!!!!! 
vango notes are amazing !!! i can study at the grocery , doing laundry , cleaning my room ........ multi-tasking at its finest :) 
holy cow .................... today is gonna hurt 
biggest understatement ever 
I'm just me . I'm enough .... :) 
FML !!!!!!!!!! and for those of you wondering why , facebook is a blocked webpage from state police HQ and class starts at 8 ............... 
Word of the day = liquefactive necrosis , i.e. my brain :( this is ur brain on drugs ......... 
who decided that i should need sleep ? i wanna meet him so i can kick him in the face ... i have no time to sleep :( but i must ... GOTTA be on time < PROPMALE > .... 
anybody got a white horse i could borrow ?? 
Framing + vango notes = getting paid to study ... THIS , i can do !!! 
it's whatever ............ 
now that this day is officially over , nothing else can go wrong , right ?? 
y can't i focus on DRUGS !!!!!!!!!!!! ugh !!! effing ferret ! 
there IS a god !!!!!!!!!! :) 
all my life , i've tried to make everybody happy while i just hurt inside . waiting for someone to tell me it's my turn to decide .... 
should i be really dumb and attempt to spend the day in < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ? thirty bucks on gas , there's no way i'm seeing fireworks on the river wihtout paying to park somewhere ... up to fifty . gonna need a snoball , 60 . guess i better stay home and study :( 
maybe the reason why all the doors are closed so you can open one that leads you to the perfect road .............. 
love how i went downstairs to get my schoolbag so i cld do drug cards and came back up with chips and dip . ONLY chips and dip ..... if i only had a brain :/ 
i got soul but i'm not a soldier 
why can't we give love that one more < PROPMALE > ? cuz love's such an old-fashioned work and love dares you to care for the ppl on the edge of the night and love dares you to change our way of caring ab ourselves . this is our last dance . this is our last dance , this is ourselves Under Pressure . 
i want a pet unicorn . and she should be able to fly . and she will have to get along with dragons ..... 
might be feeling a little uncharacteristically manic .............. 
drug quiz + test + broken washer + dirty uniforms = another all nighter . stellar . 
You can check out any time you like , but you can never leave .... 
not ok w the fact that my sweet n sour chicken tv dinner didn't come complete w a fortune cookie ! :( 
meet me ... in Montauk .......... 
ok . time to get up and get motivated ... coffee and BREAK ! GO ! 
We'd never know what's wrong without the pain . Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same . 
powerfpuff girls date with the most incredible 4 year old on the planet ..... gonna be an AMAZING day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
tired of being what you want me to be . feeling so faceless , lost under the surface . don't know what you're expecting of me ... i've become so numb i can't feel you there . 
then you finally see the truth : that the hero lies in you .......... 
really , REALLY wants to be at the bulldog right now .... 
WOW ! thank u ALL for the birthday wishes ! i had a great day ! 
pretty pretty please , don't you ever feel like youre less than perfect ... pretty pretty please , if you ever feel like youre nothin , you are perfect , to me . 
CURSE YOU FB !!!!!!!! 
nothing like starting the day with a run in the RAIN !!!!!!!! 
dragon game on fb = BAD !!!!!! 
\O ! You though you were special ... That's kinda cute ........ \"" 
can you help me remember how to smile ? and make it somehow all seem worthwhile ?... here i am just a'drownin in the rain . with a ticket for a runaway train ! 
i want some chipmunk adventure in my life bad :( 
do u know that there's still a < PROPMALE > for u , cuz there's a SPARK in you ..... 
You're beautiful , every little piece , love . And don't you know , you're really gonna be someone . Ask anyone ... 
