Out with the old , in with the new .... 

I can't figure out how to get a picture of me on here . Help please . I have a < PROPMALE > so someone tell me what to do , thanks . 
Wow .... Facebook is great !!! 
I'd appreciate if people would stop calling me Pico . It really should've died when the Seniors of two years ago graduated . 
First day of counseling at a volleyball camp was fun . Can't wait ' til tomorrow ! 
I've been thinking .... do some of you like calling me Pico ? Should I just embrace the name ? 
Just had jump training and i feel sick to my stomach .... best workout i've gotten since last year when i did it . 
Counseling at volleyball camps is so fun ! Too bad this will probably be my only one . =( 
\In your life you meet people . \ 
It is by < PROPMALE > we met ... \ 
By choice we became friends . 
I have 3 kinds of friends : those who love me , those who pay no attention to me , and those who detest me . 
\I'm putting on my shades to cover up my eyes 
Man , I am dying to go to the beach , but i need to find peeps that are up for it . Any takers that are interested in beach volleyball ??? 
Man , gettin ' friends to go to the beach with you is hard work i guess . 
If you like volleyball and you like the beach and you have free time next week , then you should come to the beach with me and others . k ? 
How do people do those little black hearts ? 
Going to go see Inception !!! Hope i like it ! 
Inception was CRAAAZZZYYY !!! Peachey got confused . haha 
August 14th , Moorpark college , come have fun at a grass volleyball tourney . Cost a little bit of money to get in , but its used to support the girls vball team at CLU . 
Going to the shooting range . BANG ! BANG ! haha 
I love the 1911 Springfield pistol !!! So fun to shoot . 
Leaving tomorrow to go to a v-ball camp up at BYU . Gonna get REALLY sore ..... 
Mmmmmm ..... Chile's . =) 
Just sitting a hotel room watching ........ something . Can't wait til camp tomorrow ! =D 
Played against the BYU team today . I passed the hardest jump serve of my life and got a kill from the overpass . haha 
Ever tore your webbing between your fingers open ? Pretty nasty . 
Finally , beach in ........ almost 7hrs ...... oh , I need to get some sleep . 
Today was a good day . Gotta have another one of these days before summer's over . 
2morrow is probably gonna be slow day , physical therapy in the morning , then studying in the afternoon . :( 
Grew 1/2 an inch ! and still goin ' . =D 
Getting wisdom teeth pulled tomorrow morning . 
Where did my wisdom teeth go ? How did I get out of the operating room and end up in this chair ? I love Nitrous oxide gas ... makes me feel ...... goood . =) 
F . U . N . - having a hard time finding any . 
Goin ' to an air show tomorrow . 
Goin ' to Chile's ..... mmm , mmm good . =) 
Thanks for taking a couple seconds of your lives to wish me a happy b-day everybody ! But 17 doesn't feel any different from 16 . haha 
Chile's was great ! Nice classic sirloin steak with the sides and then topped that off with a chocolate molten cake ..... yummy ! =) 
What more can I do ? 
ACT practice test tomorrow morning . Fun ? You tell me . 
Need to play volleyball ..... can't wait til Thursday !! 
There was a movie on tv where a guy was talking to 2 ladies and asks them their names . The first one said : Im < PROPFIRST > . The other said : I'm < PROPFIRST > . Haha . True story . 
Wow I'm gonna look sleepy in my ID pic . It's almost 2 in the morning . 
Went to the car wash today and a guy on a bike rides up to me and says , \Hey can you spare a smoke ? \ " I couldn't believe this guy thought I smoke . Haha still made my day a little more interesting . " 
Oranges <3 
Recently i have found a new respect for Krumping . 
6-man vball > 2-man volleyball 
In Cedar City til Friday . Nothin ' really to do in Cedar City . =( \ 
gonna go to the pool all week I guess . =) 
Somehow I injured my left shoulder . I hate chronic pain . 
Advil never gets the job done . 
Well , tomorrow is the last day I'm gonna see my big sis for 3 months . Home is definitely gonna feel different . 
I keep giving you fire , \ 
gonna heat it up ! \ 
Under my control , \ 
here's the night you've been waiting on . Fire ! 
Another mellow day in Cedar City . 
Back in town . Beach tomorrow ! =) 
Good day today . Went to the beach and only got 3 hours of sleep last night and still goin ' ...... somehow 
Club Can't Handle Me- < PROPFEMALE > Rida = Great song 
Random conversation w/ my bro-\ 
Me : That is one intelligent homosapien . \ 
Bro : What's that ? \ 
Me : A human . \ 
Bro : Oh , well what would you call a human who discrimates against a alien ? \ 
Me : I think a racist ... ( 10secs later ): I think it would be a racist . \ 
Me&Bro : Bahahahahahahahahaha\ 
So stupid of me . =) 
Last day of summer : Taking a 4 hour long test . I always dreamed that my summer would end this . ( YEAH RIGHT ! ) 
Does anyone else have to get up early tomorrow because they're trying to get into a good sleeping pattern for waking up for school ? 
Last first day of school is gone forever . 
What did the judge say when a skunk entered the courtroom ?........ Odor , odor in the court ! haha 
Changing my status cuz everyone hated my last one . :) 
What do YOU want to get out of this year ? 
Learned a thing or two about self-worth : 1)Everyone has the right to be respected by others as well as themselves . \ 
2)Every person has value 
Gotta take another 4 hour test today . :( 
Jump training . I'm gonna fly this year ! =) 
Sooooo Sore .... but I love it !!! 
Today I looked at the back wall of my locker and it said < PROPFIRST > Preece on it . Haha . Who would've thought that I would get his locker . haha 
Great ! My phone fell out of my pocket somewhere . I see how this day is going . 
Anatomy quiz = piece of cake 
Gettin ' up at 5:40 am ...... again 
Had to watch a 10 < PROPFEMALE > video on driving to get a discount on insurance . 
Bro got braces . 
Woodranch was fun . Now what do I do for the rest of the weekend ? 
Why do people think i sleep with a < PROPMALE > bear ? if i were to sleep with a stuffed animal , it would be a giraffe . haha 
Curse tendinitis ! 
No open gym for me , my future is being decided by the actions I take today , tomorrow , and Saturday . 
Just remembered I have Anatomy homework ! I'm not gonna do it . I can spare it cuz I got a 106.7% in the class . 
Tonight : Study for test\ 
Tomorrow : go to Agoura High School and take the ACT Test . After that ......... idk . 
Took the ACT and went to a dance . What a momentous day . :) 
Chapter 2 Anatomy Test Tomorrow ! Guess I'll just read the whole chapter tonight . :( 
No jump training for me tomorrow ! Haha .......... suckers . 
I like < PROPMALE > Mars ' song . Makes me happy . :) 
Pulled a muscle in my back sneezing . I am just prone to injury . Haha 
I love when a girl in a purple sheet comes in your English class and makes a total fool of herself . Strangest day ever . 
Tonight was a blast ! Glad I went to the Battle of the Bands . K.O.N. is ridiculously good ! 
Gonna make a ridiculous video for video production , but it's going to be HIlarious ! 
Haha . I just found out that you can find people's < PROPFIRST > on Facebook . 
Man , my back is killing me . It just gets worse and worse . :( 
Back is improving . Got it taped . Gotta ice . Be in tip-top shape in no time ! 
Dont get to play sixth period . :( 
I got it by Gorrilla < PROPFEMALE > . Love that song . :) 
Lots of fun at the surprise bday party ! 
After the 2nd game , was kinda unsure < PROPMALE > was gonna pull it off , but to my amazement , fifth game came around and the crowd got pumped ! Nice job ladies ! 
Love 6th period on Fridays . Nothing like finishing the week with crushing everyone in 4 on 4 volleyball . haha :) 
Can't wait ' til club tournaments start . By season , imma be outrageously good ! :D 
Well , wha .. what ha .. ha .. happened was ...... 
What if ....... _____________ . 
So many people , not enough time to talk to all of ' em in a day . :( 
Pionerd day sounds way better than Lowlander day . Silly simi kids and their imaginatively-challenged minds . Haha 
\Lobsters and buttcrack ........... I agree . \"" 
Maybe i'll dress up like that for Halloween ..... 
What shall I post on Facebook ?........ Well honestly I got nothing . Stuck doing homework and then volleyball . That's my life right now . 
33 inch vertical ! Hopefully will be 34 by next month ! :) 
This was a bad day to play volleyball . 
Has anyone ever heard of < PROPFIRST > University ? 
Saw a woman walking a dog and a pony/small horse . At the new target , saw a kid in a monkey suit with a leash . 
I love procrastinating ! Best way to get stuff done ! 
\Oh 
What purpose do the other planets in this solar system serve ? 
So sore and tired of this week already . I could use the remote from Click right now . 
Physical is now checked off . Pretty much set for when season comes around in ...... 3-4 months . 
Sometimes , it's nice to just do nothing for a weekend . Very refreshing . :) 
Video production is a pretty fun class . Hope my video turns out ok . 
First tourney of club ........ didn't go as well as I hoped it would have . 
\I got my gun in my boo purse and i don't bust back 
EEEEEFFFFFFF VOLLEYBALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WISH I COULD SAY ALL THE THINGS THAT ARE GOING THROUGH MY MIND RIGHT NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:[ 
It's just to hard too stay angry about anything ..... guess that's a good thing .... =) 
How do I start the break ? Two-day volleyball tournament ! :) 
Two-day tourney = Exhausting . I could go to sleep right now . 
Miss the times when my grandma was alive and we go down to her house in Inglewood and see family and have delicious food . Wish some things would stay the same . :( 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Have a good one ! :) 
Why are so many people going to Disneyland this week ? Out of all the times a person can go , why do so many go this very week ? 
Summary of Thanksgiving Break : Had a fun two-day vball tourney , got a nasal/chest cold , had thanksgiving with my grandparents , still had a chest cold , did my anatomy Extra Credit , and still coughing up a storm . Not too bad of a 10 day vacation . 
Lesson learned : Dont get frustrated and try to slam dunk a ball , it doesn't end well .... 
I could prank call soooooo many people , buts it's a shame because I'm too nice . :) 
It's been too long since I had fun in 6th period , but today was definitely a blast !...... for me anyways ..... 
\I'm lookin at an angel\ 
Coughing is probably one of the most annoying things you can get with a sickness . 
Darn it ! I have stupid fever . 
Hate when technology malfunctions right when a project is due . December has been full of bad luck . 
WORD ........ 
CIA is such a cool place . The Galileo machine there is amazing . It vibrates your whole body , but really it makes your leg muscles fire like crazy ! 
Tight eyez is the sickest krumper I've ever seen . Wow ! 
Running a mile today was refreshing . 
Just touched 10'11\ today ! So stoked ! :D " 
Memorable moment of the day : going up for a block at open gym and getting smashed in the face with the ball and the ball pops up 30ft on to our side . :) 
Had prime rib tonight at my cousin's house . First time having it . It was sooo good . Another great Christmas that has come and gone . :) 
Touched 10'11 and a half\ ! So close to 11\ " Maybe another day ...... :D " 
One day left ! What am I going to do ?! 
Tendinitis has returned except in both knees now .... great ...... 
Pretty much did a whole video tonight all by myself . 
This week is just not going my way at all . 
Love writing an essay in one night ! The hard part is just finding quotes to use from Macbeth . 
So what are we doing 6th period tomorrow ? 
Day 1 : 2 W's and 1 L\ 
Not too shabby . 
Studied anatomy for 4 hours and still not done . Wow ........ 
Stats and English tomorrow . Stats = tough\ 
English = easy 
I wonder how my last season will turn out ...... 
Who's gonna be setter ??? 
How am I going to waste my last day before a four-day week of school ...? 
So there I was on the endline . Kalle on my left , Mr. Ferguson fires off the gun for Kalle then for me a few seconds later . She touches the wall with me touching it right after her . On our acceleration off the wall , Kalle takes a fatal step that sends her plummeting to the floor while I finish the race running backwards . 
People who have road rage are so funny . I'm just sitting there in my car driving while they flip me off . I just laugh at how little control they have over themselves ..... pathetic . 
The drive home from school was a little humiliating . 
Who wants < PROPMALE > basketball shirts ? 
Haha ...... yeah ......... 
Getting up early on Thursdays ?! Yes ! Who needs sleep anyway ? 
It's Friday ! Hopefully it's a good one ! :D 
Wow , can't find my physical that I had a few months back . Might not be able to play . 
Ate at the Hat for the first time tonight . It's pretty good . They give you a lot of fries ! 
Just got the Facebook app for my iTouch , it so organized . I love it ! 
Shooting of 2-person video completed . Now to edit ... 
My brother is watching Jerseylicious ....... should I be concerned ? 
Got quite a bit of Economics to do tonight . :/ 
Just another day , feel like I'm just going through the motions . 
Bring a friend to seminary is on Friday ! Who's going that isn't Mormon ? 
Who has the true story to the first lunch student/staff fight ? 
Who likes my new profile picture ??? 
So both girls and boys basketball made it to CIF ..... so how do volleyball practices officially start Monday ? Won't basketball still be practicing ? 
Can't wait until Midnight madness ! One more week ! :D 
First practice of season , we had no setter . Setter was sick . Great ! 
It's impossible to find all the answers to this anatomy homework ! 
Well today didn't go my way , but im sure tomorrow will be better . Peachey and < PROPFIRST > get better quickly ! 
Well I had a very unfortunate event today . 
Midnight is gonna suck for me .. :'( 
How does a guy make-up stupid mistakes/choices to his teammates ? If there isn't a way .... Why stay on the team ??? 
Well I'm gonna kinda sorta practice tomorrow .... but I'm just doing the light stuff . Not telling my parents because they will tell me not to do anything . 
Written in the Stars , love that song . :) 
Another night of icing the ankle . Good times ...... 
< PROPFIRST>'s almost back ! 
So why are a lot of people doing confessions ??? 
Pretty good night . Played well , Middles wrecked , and nice supportive crowd . Thank you people for coming . :) 
Power is back on ..... finally . 
Pretty sore ..... 
Anybody wanna lend me a pair of black sport socks for the game tomorrow ? 
Get to start tomorrow morning with catered breakfast . YESSS !!! 
Man , I wish I had an orange shirt . 
Well I left my phone on the bus last night . Does anyone know how I can get it back ??? 
This Music video is gonna be awesome ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TyH0D-aGrdY&feature=youtube_gdata_player\ 
\ 
Check it out ! 
\Be able to accept correction or chastisement . \"" 
