is ............... ( insert comment here ) 

is over thinking , which never turns out good for anyone . 
just got really crabby really fast 
is under enthused at life . 
is whatev 
is waiting impatiently 
GOT A NEW JOB ! 
is in an unusually good mood ! 
is absolutely no longer in a good mood . 
..... yup 
is losing her god damn mind . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . If anyone would like to buy me a car for my b-day I'll be more than happy to accept it . :) 
Yeh ..... I could do this for a living . 
Insanely antiquated , beautifully mutilated , always underestimated ... 
So if we just got rid of mondays would anybody really miss them ? 
I could live off the breath your wasting . 
getting lost ... 
when life gives you lemons .... violently < PROPMALE > them at the nearest happy person you see and make them feel as miserable as you do ! 
can't think of anything witty ....... bite me . 
The next stout student to run out in front of my car is dead ! If you have read this you accept the terms of agreement and take all liability . 
Whoever invented the concept of banks should be shot . 
SNAFU 
This story's old but it goes on and on until it disappears . 
Yup .... don't really give a shit . 
wait for it ......... 
something clever ..... 
a weekend in mad town , we'll see ... 
I'm sorry , were you under the impression that I care ? 
refuses to admit she may have the pig sick . 
how am i still sick 
FML 
errrrr Blah 
Move along like I know you do ... 
what's the feeling after blinding rage ...... 
wants something to look forward to .... 
would it really be that bad of a decision ? 
Fuck this SHIT ! I\M OUT ! " 
Ohhhhh the weather outside is weather .... 
tired , anxious , overwhelmed , confused , and found wanting with interludes of momentary panic ... 
your sex is on fire with what just transpired ... 
is really starting to wonder what holds her here . 
cell phones are stupid evil things ..... 
Don't mistake me for someone who cares 
you know that I could use somebody 
Now what ? Now anything ... 
We made ourselves a pillar then just used it as a crutch . 
Practice minimalism . Cut your facebook friends list in half . 
ohhhhh what to do , what to do ...... 
While we're on the subject , could we change the subject now ? 
certainly uncertain at least i'm pretty sure i am 
Sporting the Wisconsin tshirt . Go badgers ! 
You cut me deep badgers ... you cut me deep . 
All these asphyxiated , self-medicated , take the white pill you'll feel alright . 
It's not being heartless if you don't actually know the person . That's just indifference . 
arggggggg . 
( something clever and witty here that describes my dissatisfaction ) 
bamboozled 
needs to find a job . 
still looking for a job .... or a sugar daddy . 
You told me about nowhere well it sounds like someplace I'd like to go 
Just another girl that wants to rule the world , any time or place . 
Thinks she would like to disappear for a little while . 
I don't have a simple answer , but I know I could answer something better . . . 
Got a job and is celebrating with bacardi and strawberries !!! 
the universe is shaped exactly like the earth , if you go straight long enough you end up where you were . 
Always do whatever's next 
gingerism : aka fear and loathing of day walkers . Soulless beings that wonder the shaded corners of the earth for fear of freckle breakouts often pass the disease through sneezing , sharing of ice cream , and < PROPFIRST > bussey . Once given the disease , also known as gingervitus , it is irreversable and causes a life time of shame and social parriah 
... 
is letting her mind wander wayyyy too much . 
ouch ..... 
Watching a show about how pigs maybe as smart as an average 3 year old human ... but every other commercial is about \the other white meat\ " ... anybody else think that's a little messed up . " 
you be the calm ... i'll be the storm . 
The universe is shaped exactly like the earth , if you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were . 
So .... yeh . 
I'll be holding all the tickets and you'll be owning all the fines 
Sometimes it's hard to know where I stand and It's hard to know where I am ... Well maybe it's a puzzle I don't understand ... 
wonders what ever happened to simplicity . . . 
wait for it ..... 
transcend .... 
wants white sands and palm trees 
How you like me now 
Some people just never understand anything . 
Saturday , March 13th . Craft show @ Shops off Broadway ( aka strip mall in Menomonie ) 10am-3pm . Come buy some jewelry ! 
maah 
can deal with more of this weather 
The best you've ever had is just a memory , and those dreams weren't as daft and they seem my love when you dream them up . 
It's not what you look at that matters , it's what you see . 
\What's on your mind ? \ " facebook asks me .... but I don't think you really want to know . " 
breath in .... breath out .... 
sick of walking on broken glass .... 
No story is devoid of meaning ... if you know how to look for it . 
Some say the end is near . Some say we'll see armageddon soon . I certainly hope we will cuz I sure could use a vacation from this .... 
Bring the sunlight , and the warmth , and the end of everything drab and gray . 
Bring the sunlight , and the warmth , and the end of everything drab and gray 
Oh ... blah ... 
is uncomfortably anxious .... 
Is fairly certain smart phones give people A.D.D. 
is plotting .... 
If I barely know you and we never talk why wouldn't I delete you off facebook ? Don't act like I just kicked your dog ... 
So here's an idea ........ oh wait , it's gone . 
Oh sleep , you've become such an evasive creature . 
Has decided that either her house is haunted or someone is actively trying to make her feel insane ... 
New life plan ... inconsistent blind leaps and lots of movie quotes . 
Blah 
So we have the intelligence and technology to create a particle accelerator and unlock some of the deepest laws of nature but we don't know how to prevent 210,000 gallons of oil per day from spreading into the ocean . Are you kidding me ?! 
A good time for a life change .... 
HEY FACEBOOK- I liked you better when you didn't try to tell me how to run my profile . Maybe there is a reason I'm not reconnecting with a certain person . 
Dear BP - Please remove head from ass ! 
In February of 2009 , BP declared it is “unlikely that an accidental surface or subsurface oil spill will occur due to the distance to the shore ( 48 < PROPMALE > ) and the response capabilities that would be implemented , no significant adverse impacts are expected . \ - Anybody wondering about why this \ " unlikely\ " occurance is still raging in the Gulf of Mexico PLEASE copy and paste to your profile . " 
Looking forward to a weekend with my sisters in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is finally moving to Florida . 
So apparently BP has an eleven year old board member . This must be the person thinking up ways to fix the gulf oil spill . 
Doesn't want to feel feelings anymore . 
I am Artemis 
T-minus twenty days til I leave for florida and the line between excitement and sadness is growing very thin .... 
Bull Pucky ! 
hurting in more ways than one today ... 
Don't you understand ? I already have a plan . I'm waiting for my real life to begin . 
Farewell menomonie , thanks for the memories . 
Here's to your journey in life . 
And when your fears subside and the shadows still remain I know that you can love me when there's no one else to blame . 
Woke up in Wisconsin but will fall asleep in Nashville ... then palm trees and hopefully white beaches . 
Finds the bible belt more horrifying than < PROPFIRST > , Indiana . How can there be more churches in a town than people ? 
Hello Florida ... 
Shed a tear cuz I'm missing you . I'm still okay to smile . 
Come what may , I will not fold . 
breath in , breath out ..... repeat . 
Fingers crossed that life might start to fall into place today . 
A big shiny boxes and tar balls , might have to bitch slap el presidente when he shows up on my beach tomorrow . Maybe that will give someone some motivation to do something . 
May the love hidden deep inside your heart find the love waiting in your dreams . May the laughter that you find in your tomorrow wipe away the pain you find in your yesterdays . 
Got a job and a condo all in the same day . Life is good today . 
Starts work today ... finally ... 
Damn you tar balls , I had hoped you might not show ... 
Dear BP , Go to Hell . Thanks . 
Anybody else find it slightly coincidental that < PROPFIRST > Hayward of BP looks an awful lot like Mr. Burns off the Simpsons ? 
sometimes feels like the world stopped spinning but I'm still running in circles .... 
physically and mentally drained at the moment 
Really misses family and friends , but starting to feel better about life . 
um .... bored 
Ok ... beer and hot tub . 
Can't sleep .... 
Sleep , evading me again .... 
Moving into my new place today ! 
Rain rain go away .... 
Sunshine ! 
You were always on my mind .... 
So you say ..... 
Grrrrr ... 
Work another double today , then tomorrow I'm on a boat ! 
Work , work , and more work ... having a life is over rated anyway . 
Sleep , apparently we have become enemies . 
Not sure why I ever thought a Florida DMV would be any less infuriating than the rest of them . 
Overtired ... 
Would rather spend her day on the beach today . 
Would like to not feel tired . Just once . 
To bed at five , awake at 8 , working a double ... FML . The next two days off better be bliss . 
Baby don't worry about a thing , cuz every little thing is gonna be alright . 
Has decided whoever invented romance movies should be beaten . I call bullshit . 
No words for the mood I'm in 
So you want a porterhouse and lobster tail with rice pilaf and seasonal vegetables ... You gotter . Here's your cheeseburger and fries . 
What does it take to be stupid happy ... I want to find it . 
Tryin to creep a little sneek peek . 
Say white girl can't rap That bullshit's crap Yeh I said crap cuz I'm from the WI drink you under the table , you gonna cry ... well suck a tit ima rock this shit ! 
Playing for an audience of one 
I Love Shark Week ! Yay discovery channel 
Counting the days 
Shot son ! 
Thank you everybody for the birthday wishes ! I feel extremely loved and lucky to have so many wonderful friends and family . 
Loves her roommate and p.I.c. < PROPFIRST > ! 
Feed your imagination 
Not looking forward to working a double today ... 
Solo tired , and sore , and tired .... 
.... 
I can't tell you what it is , I can only tell you what it feels like 
Thinks these planes look questionable at best . :s 
Finding out she is not a fan of flying on small planes . 
Didn't realize how much I missed home . 
can't sleep .... excited for the weekend . 
Rain rain go away ..... seriously 
Misses people already . 
Breath in ... breath out .... 
Craving ... 
If you blame others for your failures , do you credit others for your successes ? 
The secret to < PROPFEMALE > is occupying your mind in the meantime . 
Profoundly happy right now 
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday 
Day at the beach . So great ! 
Thinking tomorrow is going to be another beach day . I love living by the ocean ! 
Holy jellyfish ! 
Hey my Longhorn peeps , anybody wanna pick up tomorrow night ? 
Dear work , I hate that you are a necessity of life 
Dear sleep , your evasiveness has become an annoyance . Please take note . 
Good night for a glass of wine and painting outside 
Um .... yellow ? 
88 and beautiful ... pool time ! 
Dear mr. Slug , are those wings real ? Or have I been fooled by paper mache .... 
Happiness can rarely be given , but is always willing to be found . 
Oh blah . 
So very wore out .... 
I like to think romance really did exist once . All these sappy movies had to come from a root inspiration . Who's brave enough to bring it back ? 
Spin the globe . Where it stops you got to pack your bags and go . 
People are generally about as happy as they have made up their minds to be . 
Take the time ..... steal a clock . 
Grrr 
Could use a drink .... or five . 
\why do you need prophets to tell you how you ought to live ? Why do you need anyone to tell you how you ought to live ? \"" 
Red < PROPFEMALE > cake may need to become its own food group . Yeh , its that good . 
Tired , sickly , and working a double . Blah . 
Dear friends and family , if you are texting me and not getting a response I am not ignoring you . My phone just hates me . 
Flawless logic 
Live life intensly , embrace that you are unrepeatable , love everyday . Transend . 
Maybe the first time in my life that I'm upset about having a weekend off 
Our restlessness is largely due to the fact that we are still wanderers between two worlds . Transcend . 
Hoping this month flies by . 
Looking for a few good leavers . The takers have become tiresome . 
In desperate need of intellectual stimulation . 
Feel like I'm going insane tonight . Where did all this damn anxiety come from ? 
Who wants to have an akwardly sexy theme party ? I got my 90's high wasted < PROPMALE > jeans pressed and ready . 
Smiling through gritted teeth , but still smiling none the less . 
I'll find out the answers when I know how to ask , but I speak a different language and everyone is talking too fast . 
Snake bites , an accusing gorilla , and dancing police in the streets 
Needs a dream interpreter 
Despite your best efforts DMV , I became an official Florida resident today . 
Life is what happened while your making other plans . 
Walmart now sells health insurance policies that deal strictly with Walmart pharmacies and corporate approved physicians . I can't even rely on their furniture . 
Somethings have to be believed to be seen . 
Strongly dislikes the fact that Friday is the beginning of my work week . 
T-minus 7 days til my sister comes to visit ! So stoked !!! 
Stupid smart phone ! 
Sister ! Tomorrow ! Yaayyyyyy ! 
I'm so excited about this week its almost unhealthy . 
such a good day ! 
Dear Facebook , you bore me . 
Last night with sister :( 
Missing lil sis already . 
Wants to live in a < PROPMALE > potter movie ... is that really so wrong ! 
On a hunt for the ugliest sweater in PCB . 
I don't lie .... I believe invalid truths . 
You may say that I'm a dreamer but I'm not the only one 
Hey you .... 
Reality is a collective hunch . 
In a strange mood ... 
Today it has become painfully obvious that I'm getting much too old for all nighters . 
Why is it so cold ? Come on sunshine state , time to shine here ... 
2 bottles of wine , vampire weekend on repeat , and kicking roommates butt at cribbage . It's a good night . 
Is ready for a revolution . 
It's not too late to feel a little more alive . Make an escape before we start to vaporize . 
It is peculiar to mankind to transcend mankind . It is also peculiar to run naked through the streets but who hasn't done that . 
So let me get this straight BP ... if you were unemployed the last 12 months you get a ten thousand dollar check , but if you work 30 to 40 hours a week and show a loss from last year you get nothing . Awesome . Once again , go to hell . 
Lookin sick and sexified ! LBD night ! 
Dear sleep , you punish me in such cruel and unusual ways . 
Thinking softly what a tinder box we live in ... and what a flammable heart I've been given . 
Dear immune system , what's with all the hate ? 
Once upon a time , like 5 years ago , I knew this dude named < PROPFEMALE > . He was from the projects ... 
Appreciative of skype today . Missing the family a whole lot . 
We can go out of sound , you and me for a while . 
I am Shiva , watch me dance . 
Free and able , you won't change until you want to ... but I feel it coming 
Here comes the feeling you thought you'd forgotten .... 
I'd be lying if I said I understood your logic . 
I'm sexy like an onion 
We are all just prisoners here , of our own device 
I yearn for more in life than just a < PROPMALE > to feed at the trough where the world is being devoured . 
No special control is needed to make people into pyramid builders if they think they have no choice but to build pyramids . I'm tired of dragging two ton stones 
Revolution is not about eliminating people , its about walking away and never looking back . 
You never change things by fighting the existing reality . 
We are all both angels and demons at once . The demons are not ugly , we must befriend them to know and control them . Make peace with them , make peace with life . 
Time for a roadtrip 
Dear State of Florida , a singular highway sign ten feet before said highway does not count as a directional resource . 
With your feet in the air and your head on the ground 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter . 
Let's see who strikes the loudest , put on my fighting trousers ! 
Don't mistake me for a heartbreaker . I'm simply just a heart taker . Not my fault these boys fall like dominos . 
This again ? Really ? 
If I split like light refracted , I'm only off to wander . If I come and go like fashion , what was hopeless yesterday might be great tomorrow . 
Apparently diplomacy has become the < PROPMALE > of saying \nice doggie\ " until you can find a rock . " 
\I'm a peacock . You've gotta let me fly ! \"" 
Don't look around sir , I'm speaking to you . Roll up your shirt sleeves , Queensbury rules . 
\oh Sigorne Weaver lull me to Awesomeness and teach me of our world ! \ " (<PROPFEMALE>'s reaction to seeing Planet Earth playing on discovery ) " 
Pleased to meet you Hope you guessed my name , oh but what's confusing you is just the nature of my game . 
Where is my mind ? 
Don't be ninja-in nobody that don't need ninja-in 
Shove that in your Google hole and search it ! 
I've upped my standards . Up yours . 
When in doubt , always do whatevers next . 
GREEN AND YELLOW , green and yellow , GREEN AND YELLOW , green and yellow ... 
I'm crackin eggs of wisdom ! 
Have you ever wondered if the person in the mirror is real , and you're just a reflection of them ? 
Go placidly amid the noise and the haste , and remember what peace there may be in silence . 
Dear Sleep , this is your last warning . I demand cooperation or things are going to get ugly . You've been warned . 
Life becomes exponentially better when you add your own soundtrack . 
Dear < PROPFIRST>'s day , I still find you to be a mind numbingly stupid holiday . 
Dear friends and family , i have estimated I am now only receiving 30% of my texs . So if I'm not responding to you its cuz I'm not getting them . 
\i kinda want a cigarette . \ " \ " if I have an ounce of alcohol in me I need a hooker \"" 
Thinking softly what a concrete mess we live in ... 
dear wisconsin , I'm coming to see you . 
Let me not follow the clamor of the world but walk calmly in my path . 
73 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > . I love where I live ! 
Would rather be on the beach than working a double ... 
Coincidence is the world we use when we can't see the lever and pulleys . 
What if this wasn't a hypothetical question ? 
My life has a strong cast but I can't figure out the plot . 
Dear sleep , so we play the hate game now . I see how you are .... 
Strange as it may seem , my life is based on a true story . 
On some adventures with < PROPFIRST > ! Watch out PCB ... 
Egypt .... the pyramid state . 
It's not easy taking life's problems one at a time when they refuse to get in line . 
What to do ... 
Sometimes I sit wondering where my mind wanders ... 
Dear weather , please hold out so I can have at least one day on the beach . 
Wait for it ... 
I think it's offically spring break in PCB ... if I see one more neon pink trucker hat I may punch someone . This might be a long season ... 
“ If you don't know where you are going , any road will get you there . ” 
LMFAO Concert ... oh shit son ! 
Some days make more sense than others . Today seems rather nonsensical ... 
When life gives you lemons grab a bottle of vodka and enjoy . 
If you maintain eye contact with me I may bite .... 
... ( sigh ) ... 
You know what , I am a roller coaster rider ! I admit it . 
This is the past that somebody in the future is longing to go back to . 
“What the caterpillar calls the end of the world , the master calls a butterfly . ” 
Thinkin beach today ... 
Pretty sure that every spring breaker in PCB drove here individually . 
Getting excited for my vaca home ! 
Dear frozen tundra , be gentle with me ... my blood has thinned . 
Dear sleep , if you were my Facebook friend I would delete you right now . 
If your partial to the night sky . If your vaguely attracted to rooftops ... 
Hey , how about you do something while your doing nothing . 
Rabble Rousers ! 
It's a Zen day . 
Headed back to PCB . Oh how I missed the beach . 
Probably going to be working on my off switch tonight ... 
Roomie moves today :( guess I'm ridin solo now ... 
Needs a roommate . 
