is playing Kingdom Hearts Re-chain of Memories ~ ~ ! for any video game nerds . 

has had some nostalgic encounters today . :P 
was an epic fail at ( not ) getting his driver's license today :D 
has been forgetting what day of week it is .. :P 
FINNALLY got them pictures up ! So to all my cousins CHEK EM OUT . 
is like omfg it was storming like a mother a few minutes ago , almost a frickin tornado ~ ! 0_0 
loll i am now officially Profesor Chandrrpandrrr . 
feels like smelly pudding ... 
knows that everyone knows , but , wtf to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s death , it's kind of scarey . 
holy shmack Transformers 2 was amahaaazing !!! And Shia la Bouf was da PIMP ... :D 
got a frickin new phone today !!! Fiiinally after like 3 years of deprivation .. it's a sony ericson yo :D 
you know what the say ... all toastas toast TOAST ~ 
has pieces of broken glass inside his mind . 
is in South Caronlina right now and went to the beach for like , 5 mins . :P 
oh yeah < PROPMALE > Potsmoker and the Halfblood < PROPMALE > was pretty amazing . >:D 
holy shyt there was a solar eclipse in Bangladesh !!! 
opened a fortune cookie that said ' you have an important new business development shaping up . ' BTDubbz ! 
is sick as a dog even though its summer . :/ 
has got < PROPMALE > sniffles and the flu . : -*P 
is officially an employee of Subway !!! Sweet SUCCESS !!! 
is f-ing 332 over the limit in texts from the phone < PROPMALE > he got today . that's $33.20 . >:-/ 
is back from his first day at Subway son ! I was pretty amateurish but I can make subs now , I'll hook you up with discounts . :D 
is confused about a decision for his class in college : should I take < PROPMALE > , music , or astronomy ? 
is viewing the world from a mountaintop . 
wonders if its bad that he's already slightly distressed with work ? >_> . 
is saying goodbye to his sibling and more sadly , the cat . 
* deep breath * tomorrows the big day .!! 
--- okay < PROPFEMALE > State , here I come . 
is dying of lack of sleep and food from school today , but TEH NO SKEWL TOMORROW ! Sleeping in only to wake up and make sub sandwiches -_-; 
just watched District 9 HOLY FIKE !! 
is fasting from the things he loves and is addicted to --- a.k.a. music , Facebook , video games , etc . It's about fasting with yo spirit ; Ramadan Mubarak and good luck ya'll ;D . 
had the first iftaar party last night XP 
feels used as a napkin . 
feels used as a diaper . 
will find his own way --- Wolvereine . 
served an actual deaf person at work today . :-D 
has over an hour to do nothing in the library . X-P 
is snooPING . AS usual you see . 
omg omg I'M GETTING A MAZDA 6 2006 !!!!! 
took a cruise in the coche yesterday , too bad he doesn't have till tuesday to get the license > X ( .. 
SOMEHOW got his license today even though the lady was yelling at me that EVERYthing I did was completely wrong ; but I'm happy , cuz an eye for an eye . >:) 
\a true friend will stab you in the front . \"" 
semi-made some shrimp pasta for the first time today . With some Miso soysauce >> :D ~ 
needs to go to a random place and write a narrative description about its scenario for ENGRISH . Where should I go ..?? 
has an UBER exam on monday for psychology , and will ACTUALLY study for like , the first time . 
is wishing Eid Mubarak YA'LL!!! ' Tis a rainy one . :~) 
is officially working simultaneously at TWO different subways now ! Moar moneh . $$$ 
veridis quo => veri disquo => very disco => discovery !!! ? 
loves the feeling of autumn's twilight . 
thinks Inglorious Basterds is one strange whacked up yet amusing movie , not to mention Hitler DIES ! oh btw this status contains spoilers ... Rahul Parekh Maanu Mansuria 
' s gonna slap-slap all his troubles away with the slap chop ! I promise < PROPMALE > will make all your problems go away . 
is getting totally fiked up by this complicated Computer Programming project . Procrastination adding to the fact it's due tomorrow may be a side factor ... :-/ 
officially is no longer a hairy sasquatch , as he's FIIINALLY shaven ! :-( 
had the strangest encounter with very weird and cynical man in the bathroom this morning ( supposedly professor ) who RANDOMLY started talking to me and laughing about how I fix my hair !! o_O ; ... 
just came back from his first study session :D . Dam calculus ~ 
dayum facebook-aholics .. cept me . =D 
hates family sht 
likes writing behemoth of messages . >:) 
hates the bittersweet taste of failure . : -z 
never realized the true amplitude of pressure with studies , ' til now ... though I believe there's more to come :/ . 
is really getting annoyed w/status msgs asking for attention , spamming my homepage ; no , this one doesn't count , I'm trying to make a point X-P . 
is chillin ' to some mellow . 
just saw one of the craziest a$$ shyt ; if you want to get blown away with REAL footage and alien abduction shyt watch FOURTH KIND !!!! 
' s life's kinda sucking seeing as he's going to turn in his paper late for Critical Thinking , which HAPPENS to be 40% of his grade . That's okay , only the very future to his most desired college is at stake here . >.> 
good God it's a strange feeling to think someone you actually knew once is gone forever . R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Weable 
lost one of his closest friends . 
is fiiinally free as a bird in completing the last wretched final !!! ( only to be going to BDesh in 2 days ) 
will in a few hours be looking down at ya'll in the sky . 
saw one of the if not THE most amazing movie : 3 Idiots . It literally made me laugh , cry , and inspired . 
facebookaholics need a better hobby not to mention a life , especially posting statuses everyday/hour for attention . DAYUM .. 
needs you , Facebook , to quit distracting me from Physics HW due by 11oclock FTW ! 
got caught speeding by a cop for the first time ... 80 on a 55 on the highway--that's normal ! :( 
stayed on campus from 8 am-6 pm today , doing a labreport for 4 hours which he doubts will even get decent passing resul t---t he fallacy of procrastination :( . 
was apparently in the same house with the parents of the creator of YOUTUBE last night only to realize it half way home !! 11 !! D:< .. 
is thinking perhaps to drop physics :( . 
turned in his lab report THIS time -- after another 4 hours in the library -- legitimately finished and edited . I haven't felt so accomplished for an assingment in a while !!! X-) 
is cherishing what he's missed for too long now * 3 years * , after much suffering of < PROPFEMALE>'s bipolar weather --- SNOW !!! Who knew I missed you so much . 
Valenshyt's day --- a day when you give more or less fake-hearted gifts to your partner , and also when supposedly a Saint fell in love . O_o 
forgot to bring his wretched Phys . lab journal , having to drive 20 < PROPMALE > back home ONLY get his journal and turn it in by 5:00 --- What's WITH this class !!!?? 
had high hopes to actually GO somewhere in Athens tonight , til plans were killed so that I have to stay for another bangali dawaat . >_> 
got f-ing prank called about dorms by someone of the name ' Susmita ' ... and I'm pretty sure it's someone I know , so tell me if your reading this !! 
so I came back from a job interview and they said YES , but I have to come back for a 2ND interview . BS !!!! D:< 
so apparently , it happens to be that the job which was too good to be true is just a huge SCAM . :( I'm still in desperate need of a job though --- any suggestions ....!?? 
wonders if you knew that \desserts\ " is \ " stressed\ " spelled backwards !?? It's time to stuff my face with brownies !!!! X-)) " 
\I feel like a pig shat in my head . \ " That's a REAL Google search template ! TRY IT !!! : 83 " 
is overwhelmed by alllll the people who made my 19th awesomme ! Thanks yaa'll---I love ya guys :-} ( sorry if I don't get to half of the 50 replies btw ) 
is chilling in the polis of Indiana :D 
loves meeting people in different countries ! It's like , being in another part of the world at the same time . Like .... E-penpals .... yeah ... :-3 
People who use looks as a weapon flash around a gun with no ammo , because personality is the bullets . So if you pick a book with an attractive cover , you may find that it has blank pages . 
isn't very fluent in politics at ALL , but from what he knows , people who fervently are AGAINST this healthcare < PROPMALE > are selfish and heartless to want it all for themselves and not spread the <3 to the ' slumdogs ' . For everyone to deserve a cut , we should be willing for some sacrfice . :) 
is back from Alive at 25 Defensive Driving course thingy ( 4 hours long and at 9AM on a Saturday ) . Now all that's left is 20 hours community service , 2 < PROPFEMALE > essay , and $360 speeding fine . w00t ! :/ 
just signed up for a non-profit environment and human rights job ..... for < PROPFEMALE > work on his speeding ticket haha . :-D 
GOT THE FLUCKING JOB WTFWJD !!!! What now BLIOTCHES XD XD Hellooo environment and human rights campaigns and 9-15$ per hour !!! Looks like now I can buy those plane tickets :') :') : ' D 
\98% of teens would be dead if Twilight said breathing wasn't cool . Copy and paste this if you're the 2% who would be laughing . \"" 
~ R.I.P. the untold legened , Jun Seba <~> Nujabes . You're music will live forever as a timeless message to the eccentric musicians . ~ .... Other than that , THIS NEW PS3 IS ROCKING MY SOCKS !!!!! It does anything !!! :D :D :D 
rode like SIX rollercoasters at the GSU Six Flags night despite acrophobia !!! :D ( thanks to Rahul Parekh ) BUT HE GOT HIS FLUCKING PHONE STOLEN !!!!! 
is undergoing finals pwnage at the moment , so please leave a message and I'll get back to you after they're over . ^.^ 
at that final exam WHOLE !! XD Now I just have prepare getting thrown into work full time starting tomorrow .... 
had a prettty awesome first day on the environmental-job , oh and , not to mention ... I SOMEHOW got promoted to FIELD MANAGER the first day ?!?!? Awesome start !!!! 
got fired . One week job fail LMAO !!! It's cool tho because I've got my 20 hours community service out of the way now ;) 
has initiated the journey to the New Age , and , uhhhhhh ..... Summer School . ^.^ ; 
doesn't like those who are proud , for God doesn't favor them . -my grandpapa 
thinks if you want to see the lowest form of stupidity in human life , go to the Facebook homepage and read people's statuses . 
had a strange dream he was in Teotihuacan-the City of the Gods , while it was ominously storming as he held a strange artifact , and approached the Pyramid of the Sun . .. Wonder what it means ? 
is getting curry sauced and pwned with masala AT THE MOMENT , with an overdose of mango CHUTNEYYY ~ :} D 
Anyone willing to see Serj Tankian July 9 ??? Someone who actually knows who he is and likes him !! There are 6-ish tickets left , let me know before I'm forced to make a decision and buy them . :/ 
saw THE MOST AMAZING concert of epic proportion of Serj Tankian on Friday , with Meron Ghidey !!!!!!!! BTCHES !!! ( I also cut my hair after 4 months ) 
heard Nujabes , the song MINMI , on the radio today ( < PROPFEMALE > Tech station ) . It was enlightening to hear it , to see light in the darkness , like finding a < PROPFEMALE > in a heap of feces , the feces of mainstream music , if you didn't guess . 
is tired of fakeness and has given you one too many chances for forgiveness ... in the end , there's no to trust but myself . The past is gone . :P 
thinks , HOLY SHAT --- Inception may perhaps be the best movie he's seen . I haven't seen a movie that made me ponder this much of reality , in a long while .. maybe this isn't real , maybe it's a world my subconscious created ??? Watch it and everything'll make sense . 
wonders wahat's for dinner . Mah boy , he's so hungry he could eat an Octorok . Not tuna though , I don't want a boring life . ( at least that's what < PROPMALE > says ! >:D ) 
thinks that OMG , Kickass was pretty kickass ... but Hit Girl was the SH ! T !!! .... Girl ! 
is off to the World of Disney tomorrow , for real : a 10 hour road trip to Florida , < PROPFIRST > Mouse , Goofy , SORA---this'll be the trip of a lifetime . :) 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . the World was a TRIP !!! The Final Fantasy reference Cera made was awesome ; I'm SOOO living my life like a video game . =^.^= 
is gonna < PROPFEMALE > out in the darkness till he finds where to go next . Next stop , into twilight ... 
thinks the day the reality of such a foul/dirty/(can't even find as much a malignant word for it ) act dealing with the pastor and the Qu'ran comes true , we're a step closer to man's demise . Better memorize the Qu'ran before they do something more crazy 
needs a place ( apartment/dorm ) to stay ... anyone know any available ? Or about roomies ? 
just chuckled his bunker watching < PROPFIRST > the Movie . Hacking awesome !! 
just had a 3-4 study session on Calc II . And there is yet to see more of its brutality 
is in hot pursuit of a job , possibly resorting to teh SUBZ again if neccessary .. where else could I apply ?? 
watched the CopperCab < PROPFEMALE>'s Don't have Souls video and feels bad for gingers , if that's all true . I sympathize ... 
like FINALLY has a phone after 2 weeks of being deprived of one . And my old phone died so I lost everyone's DIGITS -- and I don't wanna start one of those gay group thingys -- so if you see this and have my number , text me with your name plz !!! And don't get pissed if I don't reply XD ... KTHNXBAI . : 8D 
went to a job interview yesterday that wasn't too bad . The lady gave me the impression I was qualified until she said \we'll let you know tonight as there are 24 MORE CANDIDATES and we pick the top 4 . \ " T__T I was THIS close ... " 
is thinking GEE , it sure is BOORRRING around here . I wonder what GANON's up to on a Friday night like this ? 
HAS A JAWB NAO !!! .... i think 
felt dizzy and wobbly [ and tipsy ] after drinking cough syrup the other night , and then my mom said that's because there's some alcohol in it . FTW ? 
is witnessing a crazy snowstorm resulting in no school ( for perhaps a week ? ) and experiencing tribulations in his family ... so please keep them in your prayers . 
is gonna start his job of tutoring little kiddies online as of tomorrow !!! >:D Not to mention he got a haircut --- after 6 months FTW . 
just finished his first tutor session and ... kinda enjoyed it . :D 
The Social Network has change his perspective FOREVER of Facebook everytime he logs in ... and of success . 
is ENDING this tirade of procrastination once and for all .... soon . 
made some veggie soy burgers from scratch for the first time , and I mean down to the actual granules of soy , spices , etc ... and it tastes like meat :D 
the misunderstood are often times doing things much greater than those who frown upon them ... only , such ideas are yet hidden in the dark and haven't met their calling yet . 
had a legendary Boisey reunion with < PROPFEMALE > after more than 3 years . The ultimate boisey meeting of the presidents :D . 
rode his bike after about THREE years , and actually walked to the gas station to pump air in it ... it was great :D 
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting different results ; so by definition most people are insane , probably including most of you here . It's the heart of human ego and the truth that fuels the system ... 
' watch out for guys that can cook for themselves , they'll give you trouble till the day you die . ' It's true , watch out ladies . ;D Happy valenshyts day ! 
