Hi everyone Im new =D 

BORED !!!!!!!!! 
you Girls should listen to the song I just posted , hehehehe I love i , Warning , Experience my differ 
Text me at 1 209 658 7768 
Whats up ppl ? Im bored Like always 
Hey guys whats up ? 
Haha I lost my phone on the bus a few days ago woohoo Smart move on my part haha 
Cold was my soul Untold was the pain I faced when you left me A < PROPFEMALE > in the rain So I swore to the razor That never , enchained Would your dark nails of faith Be pushed through my veins again -Nymphetamine Fix By Craddle of Filth 
well , yesterday was fun , Went to Kaili's party , Today was ok , Im a lil upset seems like a person likes to screw with me and I must say I really hate you and Im pretty sure you know who you are persom 
So all I did pretty much today is Go too school and update My info on here a lil bit there problly are some more mistakes that need to be takin care of bt besudes that all I have been doing today is listen to Music , ohhh how fun that is . 
save your breath . I will not hear . I think I made it very clear , You couldnt hate enough to love . Is that supposed to be enough ? I only wish you wern't my friend . Then I could hurt you in the end . I never claimed to be a saint ... My hope was banished long ago , it took the death of hope to let you go , 
I used to Love and Be Loved Now all I do is Hate and Be Hated The day people learn of my hate Is the day they Shall suffer as I have suffered It shall be the Day I Let the world know of My Hatred . 
My Pour Old Abused Soul My Soul oh so Strong and powerful Now broken and bleeding It almost seems like there shall be no return It was ripped out of me I was tortured and beaten Then put back in Me Just To Go through this again 
Im still here Sometimes I wonder Why im still waiting Sometimes im shaking Thats how you make me . Sometimes i question why im still here Sometimes i think im going crazy Can you help me out next time ? 
Like roses , we < PROPFEMALE > and die 
So turn away from the ones who hurt everyone I can tell by your smile you're coming undone I could bleed for a smile ; could die for a gun Walk away from the sun and kill everyone 
Ohhhh How I wish Wish This Happiness Was eternal This Happiness Is not eternal Nor Shall It ever be Soon I will go Back to My Mix of emotions It will just be hell again 
We stare at broken clocks , the hands don't turn anymore The days turn into nights , empty hearts and empty places The day you lost him , I slowly lost you too For when he died , he took a part of you 
well been sick The last two days and I might go To a Science Fair Friday and miss the whole day at school lol . 
No time for farewells , no chances for goodbyes No explanations , no reasons why I watched it eat you up , pieces fallen on the floor We stare at broken clocks , the hands don't turn anymore If only sorrow could build a staircase , or tears could show the way I would climb my way to Heaven , and bring him back home again Don't give up hope my friend , this is not the end 
wel today was interesting went to the docs got pissed pff a few times today to many to count < PROPFEMALE > Today over all was pretty eventful I suppose 
What would you do If I died at this very moment ? 
we are we are the shaken we are the monsters underneath your bed yeah believe what you read we are we are mistaken we are the voices inside your head yeah believe what you see 
Had a pretty good day today , I just hope other ppl did too 
well had one heck of an eye opener today ... It was very shoking , looks Like I am the fool in this one 
haha wow I Pissed her off a lot i suppose lol , my bad Person who knows who she is haha 
hey guys its late and all but I dont feel like sleeping haha 
Just got back from the dentist lol ohh the funn haha , I got to experience laughing gas lol , I got medication too lol 
Heading to The chili cook off today lol , Im so Damn bored lol I have nothing to do right now 
< PROPFEMALE > The Chili Cook Was pretty fun < PROPMALE > out with JB and a few random people lol It was good to get out of the house 
I hate when you want sonone and you cant have them 
well My sleeping time has gone to hell , I cnt sleep and 3:14 in the mornig well , looks like sleeping in my classes today . 
So take me and make me Weakened and save me This hate that you gave me Keeps saying the same thing To sing when you hurt To sing when you cry To sing when you live To sing when you die 
I is going to bed sorry If I dont answer any calls or texts I is really sleepy 
Well you know what Im bored and very tired , I have to test tomarrow and next week , and I tested yesterday for EnglishIII yeah It sucked , I had to write like what 2 5 paragraph 7 sentance essays haha , ohhh the fun lol , Tomarrow I have to take the english multiple choice test with like 80 questions bt guess wht ? only 60 of them count haha , lol well anyway I think this is my longest statues ever haha . 
well good night Everyone I guess haha , I was in a pretty good mood ..... was ..... 
The Best Therapy Ever !! Some Awesome hardcore Music , well and a few other things but I cnt say them here 
One Day Im gonna mess with ouija Board . 
well I leave for my Moms on June 1st 
Clutching my cure\ 
I tightly lock the door\ 
I try to catch my breath again\ 
I hurt much more\ 
Than anytime before\ 
I had no options left again 
She's completely dead to the world\ 
No one ever really seems to notice her\ 
The pain is still , the damage is done\ 
Just another dead in the eyes love song 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! DO NOT join the group currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " . This is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos ! Please copy & paste this to your status before people start using your picture . ............... PLEASE ......... ALL PARENTS BE AWARE ! COPY AND PASTE THIS SO ALL YOUR FRIENDS WILL KNOW " 
Sweet No school today thank you storm , lol The school doesnt < PROPFEMALE > eletricity haha , I do thank god I would die from bordem with out it 
schools out what next ? 
Anyone else enjoying the stuid storms ? 
Well Went To Hunts Graduation Party , It was pretty kool , The Damn Food Was amazing Especislly The Homemade Bread lol 
Dude Tomarrow gonna be so much fun lol I mean It just has to be or I will be pissed 
lol Birthdat tomarrow Hopfully I have some fun hahaha 
well b-days today , Next big move is going to Idaho for the Summer lol . 
You Said I have changed well , Maybe I havnt changed at all , Maube it was you how has changed Not Me 
Well Havnt done anything since last Wensday lol , Im extreamly bored 
Happiness Is not eternal\ 
Nor Shall It ever be 
lol wiell < PROPMALE > out with my homies last night lol , I love you guys , you guys are awesome lol That was the greatest Going away party ever lol 
Well I leave tomarrow For Coeur d'Alene at like 9:30 and get there around 12:30 pm which is great !! very short lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Im iIn Idaho now , its < PROPMALE > pretty good so far gonna < PROPFEMALE > with friends tomorrow lol . 
well at tods house so much fun haha not really Im bored as shit and Im not very happy haha 
Like birds whose wings are broken , \ 
You live without direction . 
well people at at&t cut off my texting haha 
Who is your fav band ? 
fml 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
Im not likin things right now , I dont like things to mess with my head 
NEW VIRUS spreading like wildfire on FaceBook ! It is a trojan worm calledkoobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut itdown ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on ... your list adds her then you get the virus too ! Please copy an paste to your wall . This was confirmed on SNOPES . COM 
I broke my fone Kinda suks haha 
Cleaned my room it looks great lol stupid vacuume cleaner isnt working right though . 
You say you feel so down\ 
Every time I turn around\ 
And you say you should've been gone by now\ 
And you , you think that everything's wrong\ 
You ask me how to < PROPFEMALE > on\ 
We'll make it through another day just hold on 
I had the wierdest frackin dream of my life last night , I slept forever too . 
This weekends plans are < PROPFEMALE > out whith jb at my house today tomarrow go to his house and < PROPFEMALE > with everyone and kill people in ghost recon 
Wrote another poem hop who ever reads it likes it lol ^_^ 
well Going to jbs Today hangin with him atm , < PROPFIRST > better here his indian ass up lol 
well didnt go to school today , Im bored got nothing to do , jbs was pretty fun lol 
Post this status , & see what people love about you ! :) \ 
I love your _______ ! 
praise the heavans im finally home lol 
Just watched < PROPFIRST > Darko , I must say Its a pretty good movie lol , very Strange but good , You should watch it lol 
well watched Wall Street today and just ate a taco lol 
Well 3 More peoms Today lol , 2 of them are kinda old , A few of you guys already read them lol , the other one I wrote a few minutes ago lol , read them I hope you wont be disappionted lol . 
well just got back from the castle , had a pretty good tme lol 
well today has been pretty good lol 
PLACE\ 
OF BIRTH : Everyone please play !! It will be fun to learn where all \ 
yourFB friends were born . Copy and paste this to your status with \ 
yourplace of birth Bakersfield , Ca 
Well Not likin my Dad he is a complete and total douch bag ... 
Oh so Bored , I have nothing to do this weekend 
ouija board guitar would be awesome to have lol 
Tell me something in my inbox that you've always wanted to say to me . It will stay between us . Then post this as your status 
I feel sick , and I need money lol 
ohh yeah Asking Alexadria is pretty BA lol 
hmmmm im in a really good mood 
who likes this new myspace ? 
Ehh So bored lol 
ohh yeah new friends lol :p 
soooo bored IM me or something 
why go to the bedroom if theres a post office : D 
ohhh yeah Birthday Masscre is amazing lol 
guys Mad World Is a pretty amazing song 
yo text me got my new fone today hit me up for my number if you want it lol 
bored text me 
bored as shit text me 
Happy Thanksgiving my friends 
well today could have gonna better 
Its amazing how a good mood can turn into something else in a matter of seconds 
Text Me peple Im bored 1-209-658-7768 :p 
Soooo I pretty Much slept all day lol , I mast say i feel a lot better lol 
ohh yeah new HU song peps you guys need to check it out its amazing lol 
I dnt even know 
well this Christmas could have gone a lil better just sayin it was knda stressful 
Tell me that you need me cause I love you so much Tell me that you love me cause I need you so much 
don't leave me please \ 
I beg you God tonight bring me peace \ 
I'll never sleep without \ 
the dreams of you here with me Bring Me peace in my soul 
Ohhyeah up at 4 in the mornig listening To Asking < PROPFEMALE > ohhhh yeah 
Don't go\ 
I can't do this on my own\ 
No I can't do this on my own\ 
Save me from the ones \ 
That haunt me in the night . \ 
I can't live with myself \ 
So stay with me tonight 
< PROPFEMALE > Life is pretty amazing latly i wonder why :p 
wells today was pretty goo < PROPMALE > out with the girlfriend haha stuff went down down south I love you baby girl 
well wasnt today eventful lol 
Well isnt Tomarrow going to be a blast :p 
well Tawni I must say your the most amazing girl i have ever met in my life I love you so Much Mi Amora :)) 
The girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30 lbs . \ 
The boy you just called stupid ? Has a learning disability & studies 4 hrs a night . \ 
The girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . \ 
The boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . \ 
There's a lot more to ... people than you think . 
Dont do drugs kids :p 
text me people im bored\ 
12096587768 
Ha ha baby I hacked your Facebook ! Love ya ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > first day outta school makes me happy 
poor sweetes got into a fight at school and i broke his wriat damn i feel like crap and yes it was an accident 
