UCLA :) 

It's my parent’s 39th Wedding Anniversary today !!! Love you Mom and Dad !!! :) 
Phi Theta Kappa Meeting out on the Quad tomorrow !!! See you there ! :) 
Heck Yess ! I am Done !!! I felt so nostalgic walking down the school quad for the Last time .... Damn ! It felt < PROPFEMALE > Good !!! :) 
I Love UCLA !!! 
Going home tomorrow .... :) 
Gosh ! Sometimes I really Hate San Bernardino ! (-_-') 
Working on my car ! :] 
Went to the driving range with my Dad on Monday . It was awesome and Hilarious ! My Dad was awesome like always ! I think I didn't do too bad for not playing for more than a year and a half . Still need to work on my swing , but was able to consistently hit around 250yards . :) 
Ahhh !!! So Tired ! But I must finish studying .... (-_-') 
I am stuck in the Spiral of Doom . HeLp ! ( 0_0 ' ) 
Gosh ! My Bumm hurts from sitting down and studying this past week . I need give my booty a rest and stretch .... lol 
Umm .... So I woke up early in the morning to study for my final today and there was this man standing on my Balcony ! It Scared the crap out of me ! I don't know how he got there . I live on the third floor ! ( 0_0 *) Help ! 
Yea ! Got Good news from the Highland Engineers today ! They said that my Parent's house is safe and it won't slide off in a mud slide off the Bluff . Thank God ! 
I Just got accepted for the internship that I applied for . Yay !!! :] 
I am CPR certified for adults , children and infants . How cool is that ! I can save your life if you stop breathing . :) 
Keeping an open mind and hoping that this life event will turn out for the better . Life can be so bittersweet . :) 
Man ! I can't stop smiling . My cheeks are starting to hurt . It is such a great feeling to be a part of something so special . :) 
Blah !!! I hate studying for my Physics midterm over the three day weekend . 
I hate when I am having a good day and then someone just has to kill it . I seems like they purposely wait for moments when you are happy so they can eradicate all happiness like as if it is some kind of disease . ( T_T ) 
Studying for finals while listening to the < PROPFEMALE > Wars soundtrack . \May the Force be with you ! \ " lol ... :) " 
