Happy New years everybody . I fuckin hate holidays 

The weekend never lasts long enough . I miss my family ... especially my Rosey :( 
I miss my family :( 
It's snowing in Tulsa ! Yay snow ! 
It's Saturday , < PROPFIRST > is at work .... I am bored 
For some reason my dogs won't shut up 
Isn't it crazy how Christmas can make you so happy and so depressed all at the same time ? 
Wish I was cool enough to go out on a Saturday night 
I went to send my mommy an email on here to tell her I love her ... and she disappeared .. Have you seen my mother ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody . 
Not sure what I am going to do about eating . I am kinda fucked . Happy fucking Holidays everybody 
I hate my life ... sombody kill me 
All year < PROPMALE > Rice is gone ... he goes back home , goes to the Colts game ... and now they are 14-1 Thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
Didn't think I'd be this lost without a phone 
So Pandora radio has this boy band station that so far has played 98 degrees and backstreet boys ... the people I live with keep coming in here and giving me this strange look 
It's snowing again ... supposed to only get 1-3 inches . That's what they said last time and we got a blizzard that lasted like 27 hours . Oh bother 
< PROPFEMALE > is being a bitch ... must be a holiday 
Watching Precious ... 
How sad is it that I am not excited about it being the first because it's New Years but because that means Food Stamps go in at Midnight ? 
Maybe if everyone thinks real hard about me having a baby tonight I'll pop this baby out sooner ... so come on everbody concentrate ! 
Is it nap time yet ? 
Yesterday , All my troubles seemed so far away . Now I need a place to hide away , oh I believe in yesterday . 
Gonna go smoke me a cigarette ... and be back on here 
Fish sticks and Macaroni and cheese ... mmm 
On my way to the E.R. to get this gullstone thing sorted out . Pray they don't keep me overnight . 
Back from E.R. Dr. said I need to make an appointment with a physican to get my gullbladder removed so I was right about what was wrong with me ... oh and I have a UTI . In the mean time they prescribed me a bunch of stuff that I can't afford to get . Doesn't that figure ? I am accepting charitable donations lol 
wishes < PROPFEMALE > was online 
But of all these friends and lovers there is no one compares with you and these memories lose their meaning when i think of love as something new . Though I know I'll never lose affection for people and things that went before . I know I'll often stop and think about them ... in my life I love you more . IBHS 
I miss my < PROPFEMALE > and my < PROPFIRST > now ... Why does this happen ? 
They're back ! 20-3 That's what I'm talking about ! GO INDIANAPOLIS COLTS ! 
Let's go souper ball let's go ! Rah ! Rah ! 
Anybody wanna buy me a pack of cigarettes ? 
Okay so I have a new cause to donate to this week folks . Send me canned goods , Pizzas , Chicken wings , Tacobell gift cards ... and cigarettes . lol . I'm hungry and tired of beans 
Got a job if I can come up with shoes and a food handlers permit 
Dr. Didn't say much ... just told me they would call me to make an appointment . gotta be at subway at 3 . Hopefully we can everything we need to done before then 
Only had to do paperwork today ... didn't get to start work :( 
SOUPER BALL !!!! 
Wish me luck passing this drug test today ! 
Let's hear it for my big brother < PROPFIRST > ! He should be just about done with his last class ! I'm proud of you bro ! I love you 
Does anybody want a really loud obnoxious dog ? I am bout to make pitbull stew with this damn dog 
Well , Colts tried . They weren't too far behind . I still love Indianapolis ! 
How come this wasted time is such a loss expressed on my side I'd give you everything if you'd just let me stand beside you . Your kind is so confused and still amused by what you live with . Your darkness just won't go away No light inside for you to shine on today Nothing but darkness in me 
9 DAYS UNTIL MY BIRTHDAY !!! 24 ! YAY ! HORRAH ! WHOO ! 
Anybody wanna hook me up with some early birthday $$ ? I'm desprate here 
I am so depressed and so angry at my life right now . I just want it ALL to go away . I want to roll up in a corner and fall asleep forever . I am so tired of disappointing everyone and disappointing myself . I am tired of making everyone's life harder ... in 2 days I will be 24 and I have accomplished NOTHING . All I want is to make everyone happy ... but you can't make EVERYONE happy . Why's life so freakin hard ? 
I have days where I hate my job This little town and the whole world too And last Sunday when the Bengals lost Lord , it put me in a bad mood I have moments when I curse the rain Then complain when the sun's too hot I look around at what everyone has And I forget about all I've got 
Happy birthday to me ... happy birthday to me ... happy birthday deeaarrr meee .. happy birthday to meeeee ! 
She went way up yonder past the caution light Don’t know why , but somethin’ felt right When she stopped in and asked Miss < PROPFEMALE > for some of her sweet tea Mama gave her a big ‘ol glass and sent her right back here to me Thank God for good directions and turnip greens 
Well other than being bored this has been an amazing and awesome birthday . I think 24 will prove to probably be the best year of my life ! 
I smell like poop 
I don't think I have ever been this excited about moving ! Yay ! 
Somebody pay my phone < PROPMALE > . I am going crazy 
Just lettin everyone know I am alive ! Phone still isn't on . Don't know when we'll be able to get it on Rent is due on the 1st and that's about the entire paycheck . I miss you all . Keep it real 
It's friday night i'm Bored as hell call me . ( 918)830-1009 
Saturdays suck . 
Why is everyone in my house asleep ? So either i wake everyone up or i go to sleep ... hm 
Took a nap . Still bored as hell and sick to my stomach . < PROPFIRST > works tonight :( 
Why is it that nobody knows how to show respect anymore ? I'm here probably by myself for most the evening . Call me 
Decided i'm done trying to be everybody's friend cause i keep getting my feelings hurt . 
Mmm taco < PROPFEMALE > is awesome 
Let's all hope for a good monday ! 
Spent all night throwing up , hot and cold flashes , body hurting . Nevermind a good start to the week . 
Not a bad monday minus the being sick part . 
Still sick . this sucks 
Somebody should order me a pizza . 
Thinkin bout trying to steal some t.v. Dinners from across the street 
Thinkin i'm bout to beat this bword's face in 
Anybody want a male tiger stripe kitten ? Hit me up 
Tech n9ne show is tonight . Another show i get to miss :( 
Sausage 
If this dude tries to tell me he knows my dog better than i do one more time i'm gonna kick his ass 
Bored . Somebody call me . 
8 wks down 7 months to go 
Call me he your as bored as i am 9188301009 
So ready for my husband to be home . 
Been a good night . Tomorrow is my first prenatal appointment ! 
Are crazy hormones normal this early in pregnancy ? 
My husband is special 
Sleepy 
Bored as hell . Call me ! ( 918)830-1009 
Nobody want talk to me 
So this baby inside me keeps growing like it literally feels bigger everyday ! 
Lookin for baby name suggestions . 
I have it when < PROPFIRST > has to work all day . Gr 
Bored 
I need a job ! 
Mmm southwestern chicken wrap . Maybe two . 
Bored out of head . Call me 
I think it's bed time 
Don't feel good . Too grumpy to function today i think . Arg 
My phone will be shut off soon . If you need to get ahold of me hit up my voice mail box ( 918)948-8667 
I'm so happy that i'm back in indiana ! 
Where are all my southern indiana people at ? Call me 9188301009 
If you live in rockport or around it call me ! 918-830-1009 
Sad i've got to miss the gathering this year . Can't believe < PROPFIRST > is really goin without me 
So excited about going to indy ! 
In a fantastic mood . How could i be in a bad mood when i get to see my favorite people tomorrow ? 
I'm back in Indy !!!! 
Trying my damnedest not to be depressed about not being at the GOTJ . I mean , I'm thrilled I'm in Indy but for some reason listening to Twiztid still made me cry ... This sucks ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Tila < PROPFEMALE > got attacked when she took stage at the Gathering Of the Juggalos . Guess this means I'm missing the last Gathering ever . Hope < PROPFIRST > is having fun :( 
REALLY starting to miss my husband :\ ( " 
Going to go dream of < PROPFIRST > . I miss him :( 
So I was dancing at goodwill and the baby got mad and kicked me ... 
just dropped my neice off at daycare ... she was all reaching for me crying screaming \aunt grace\ " when I left . It was heart breaking . " 
Last day in Indy ... Thank you to everyone who came to see me . VERY big thank you to my parents and < PROPFEMALE > . I'll be back soon , I promise ! 
Just got done watching Birth Day on Discovery Health ... Wow ... a baby . I think it just really hit me that there is a real living person inside me . Crazy ... 
Getting ready to go home . Can't wait til see my husband but going to miss my family now . Wish I could have my cake and eat it too , know what I mean :( I love everybody thank you for being such gracious hosts while I was here . Be back soon for the baby shower ! 
Hey i'm back in rockport holla 9188301009 
I am so bored and have no way to go anywhere . 
STOP ALL 
Long time no post . Having a little girl . Her name is going to be < PROPFEMALE > . She is due January 29th 
Went to doctor today . < PROPFEMALE > is doing good . She is moving a lot today :) 
< PROPFIRST > is going to his interview at Taco < PROPFEMALE > . Everybody keep your fingers crossed we need this job !!! 
Finally have the internet at home :) Feeling rather high tech and a bit less amish 
Somehow almost ready for bed 
My first parade was pretty awesome :) 
I am extra easy to aggrivate today BUT my neighbor did bring over some really cute baby stuff thismorning . Wish my father in law would come home 
Doing some family research turns out my grandpa < PROPMALE > was super awesome and that he was was even more of a hero thanI knew he was 
< PROPFEMALE > is kickin the hell outta me . Crazy child 
My brother made a good point . It's not < PROPFIRST > tmas ' fault I am depressed . It's hard being away from your family for < PROPFIRST > tmas no matter how many years you've done it.it's hard to accept new holiday traditions . I am asking < PROPFEMALE > for some dog food , a crib , and some < PROPFIRST > tmas spirit this year ... ohh & some oreos . I want a steak an oreos ... oreo breaded steak . Me , < PROPFIRST > , & < PROPFEMALE > are spending next < PROPFIRST > tmas with MY family 
Feeling very loved and fortunate I've got friends like < PROPFIRST > . So excited that I don't have to do this baby shower on my own . THANK YOU 
Friends 
< PROPFEMALE > is being active again tonight . I am so excited that she will be here so soon . somtimes I go to sleep just so I can dream of her in my arms the only down side is when I wake up I miss her . 
< PROPFIRST > GOT A JOB !!!! YAY !! 
Going to Evnaville today w/ < PROPFEMALE > to see < PROPFEMALE > and wonder til < PROPFIRST > gets off work . 
Back home cuz < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > went to the Hookah bar . Not the right enviornment for a pregnant lady . I wish < PROPFIRST > was home :( 
can't sleep , can't eat , can't do anything productive ... Blah 
Anybody wanna donate to my need to eat my weight in egg rolls and crab rangoon 
okay guys I am for real ... send me chinese food money or the zebra gets it ! 
Well this day has been long ... I need to go to bed so I can get up tomorrow so I can go get my eyes checked and order my glasses . Finally get to get glasses that are prescribed to me . Thank you Hoosier Healthwise 
I hate people 
Anybody know of any apartments in Indy to go by income ?? Gotta find a place to live . 
Anybody got some money I can barrow to get a hotel room for the night ? I need it really bad and I can pay somebody back in a couple weeks when < PROPFIRST > gets paid 
Come on ... I need some help guys . Please help me . I need a place to stay for the night . I can get a room for like sixty bucks 
So the entire night has been based on bullshit lies and hate . Tis the season :{ 
Went to the Dr. today . < PROPFEMALE > is doing good . Her heartbeat is awesome and he said her growth seems to be a little ahead of where it should be . He suggested I be prepared for her to come at least a couple weeks earlier than we originally expected but they can't give me a closer due date until we get an ultrasound 
Titanic is on !!!! 
Have you ever gotten pissed at somebody because of something sombody did on a T.V. show ?? 
So the lady from Baby to be.com called to confirm my information . She was so sweet and so awesome . I fell in love with her and then when all the stupid questions were over we had to part with eachother . Now I miss her . I really need more friends . 
Woke up with what I believe is a cold thismorning . As if I didn't feel shitty enough . 
So much T.V. to choose from ... Prancer is on AMC , MTV is 16 and Pregnant , Dr. Suess is on Fox Family and in a bit Simpsons will be on 
Getting very aggrivated and worried ... < PROPFIRST > shoulda been home like .. an hour ao 
I can't believe that of all the sleep I didn't get lastnight I slept through the lunar eclipse . :( 
I freakin love Twiztid . Love em ! 
So I have become obsessed with this \I didn't know I was pregnant\ " show " 
It's crazy to think we are 3 days away from Christmas . This year I am going to try not to cry although I typed that and started to think about what I am not going to cry about and my eyes start to water . shoo I'm okay .. I'm okay 
Almost < PROPFIRST > tmas . ALMOST . P.S. If anyone wants to get something for me and < PROPFIRST > , get us a gift card so we can go out to dinner one last time before we are MOMMY AND DADDY 
Maybe being alone christmas < PROPFEMALE > will be fun ?... 
Wish I didn't feel this depressed . Wish Christmas was over and done with . Hate this 
White Christmas , No drama , early to bed , sleep in late . Sounds like a pimp ass christmas to me . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Anybody know where I can buy a cheap ( but safe ) crib or a basinette ? Gotta start getting this place ready for < PROPFEMALE > . Starting to think that nesting thing everyone always talks about is kicking in . Gotta go to bed before I start trying to move furniture around lol . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
So < PROPFEMALE > starts doing flips when I eat these peppermint soft < PROPFEMALE > sticks . Pretty interesting 
Hungry but that ham keeps making me sick to my stomach . Wish we had something in the house other than that . . Bleh 
ate too much chocolate . Bleh 
So is it normal for pregnancy to make me hungry constantly ??? 
I am making a list of people who want to be informed of Miss < PROPFEMALE>'s arrival . Please leave me a number and specify if you would like to be informed when I go into labor or if you want to be informed after she is born . If you choose to be notified of me going into labor please let me know if there is a time frame you do not wish to be contacted . I am trying to get this as organized as possible . 
Really ready for this baby to come out of me 
I feel like crap . Complete and total crap 
can contractions cause upper back pain too ? 
HEY EVERYONE JUST A FRIENDLY REMINDER MY BABYSHOWER WILL BE JANUARY 15TH ! BE THERE OR .... DON'T . IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS LET ME KNOW ! 
Went to dr. today . No contractions , just braxton hicks BS . Really depressed . Hate these kind of days 
Toddlers in Tiaras is sick . These kids are little B words ! Sombody hit me if < PROPFEMALE > is ever like that ! 
One step closer to finding < PROPFIRST>' childhood best friend 
So the year is just about over ... 2011 is garunteed to be awesome . I shall call it ... the year of < PROPFEMALE > ! tee-hee 
So < PROPFIRST > gets paid tomorrow . I am going to go with him to cash his check just to get out of the house . Gotta get outta the house when I can cuz once the < PROPFEMALE > monster is here I am not gonna be able to get out much ... 
They should make a pill that reduces hormones . Would be really awesome . 
Urinate , Eat , Nap , Eat , Urinate , Urinate , Nap , Eat , Urinate , Eat , Eat . That's my day now . Exciting huh ? 
Took a pain pill , waiting for the husband to bring his butt home . He's been at work since 10:00 thismorning :( 
How is it that I regret so much of my past ? Why do I wish I did things so much different ? Why can't I go back in time ? Does the path to motherhood really make you grow up THAT much ? Geez 
Okay so what do I eat ? Left over chinese or cupcakes ? Both sound pretty awesome 
Trail Mix is good 
JUST A REMINDER : My baby shower is Saturday January 15th at 2:00 Please let me know if you are attending for sure . 
Anybody talked to my mother ? 
Starting a file for < PROPFEMALE > so we have all her paper work together . 
Trying a mock tacobell quesadilla recipe ... I hope it turns out good . 
One of my bestest friends is coming over . She is bringing my beautiful neice type child who is ... just shy of like ... two weeks old I think . I am worried this is the first time I've been around a newborn in a long time ... what if I don't like babies anymore ? Then I'm really screwed lmao 
Coming to the conclusion that in my inlaws eyes everything < PROPFIRST > does is wrong ... must find a way to move out ASAP 
Think I've got a cold hopefully not the flu . I thought < PROPFEMALE > was going to have a quiet no kicking mommy in the ribs day and then I decided to get out of bed ... ouch 
Do the * clap clap * potty dance ! 
My ear just popped , did you hear it ? 
7:24 .... 
So we find on Monday if they are going to induce me . They said they most likely will BUT they wanna do an ultrasound to make sure . Sounds like I'm havin a baby next week ! 
Anyone else ever have one of thoes days where everyone and everything pisses you right the F*ck off for pretty much no reason ? 
How are they just gonna up and change my astrological sign ? That doesn't seem right 
Everybody pray I start to feel better . Yay for baby showers 
Had a very nice babyshower today . Thank you ladies ! Especially < PROPFIRST > ! Okay < PROPFEMALE > ... anytime now . Anytime ! 
Get up ... take my pills , get this room in shape for this child's arrival , hopefully start feeling a little better . Still got a sore throat , stuffy ears , and a runny nose . Don't know if it's ever going away 
How is these crazy heffers on ebay gonna charge $100 for a giraffe crib bedding set ? It's just giraffes ! 
My last ultrasound is tomorrow . Almost kinda sad . 
Went to the Dr and got ultrasound done . Couldn't establish any new info because the Dr. had to deliver a baby . We will know something on Wed . cause the Dr. has some Dr. stuff to do Tuesday . The ultrasound tech seemed surprised at how long < PROPFEMALE > is . They are est . < PROPFEMALE > at 7 lbs 13 oz right now . Her lungs , kidneys , and heart are functioning just as they should . She is ready to come out . Just a waiting game . 
So all these TLC baby shows don't seem to make me any less anxious about gettin this kid out ! Yay for fat babies ! 
So it is about 7:30 , < PROPFIRST > is at work . This baby refuses to leave my womb . Glee is on . < PROPFIRST > is gonna bring me a sandwhich when he gets off work . Sandwiches are good . Yay for Walmart and their giant subs ! 
Wish I had a baby book 
Okay here is the latest update : I am schedualed to be admitted to the hospital Tuesday night at 7:30 PM . They will begin the inducing process first thing Wed . morning . We can expect < PROPFEMALE>'s arrival somtimes Wed . evening . This is if I don't go into labor before that which is possible but improbable . 
My spidey sense says there is snow coming ... or maybe that was the weather channel ?... 
Losing faith in humanity . Starting to feel bad for not fighting getting my labor induced . Sinus infections suck . Hungry 
IF YOUR DAD IS OR WAS YOUR HERO , YOUR BEST FRIEND , OR JUST THE BEST DAD EVER , WHETHER YOU ARE BLESSED TO HAVE YOUR DAD STILL WITH YOU , OR IF HE IS AN ANGEL IN HEAVEN , COPY AND PASTE THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND LET EVERYONE KNOW YOU ARE PROUD OF YOUR DAD AND THAT YOU LOVE HIM DEARLY ! 
Wish I could go a day without drama and hate . Not in this family 
So fact of the day ! 9 months pregnant - family = Way too much crying 
When I called the 24 hour MDwise nurse hotline I didn't think the 24 represented the number of hours hey take to call you back . GRR 
Sombody go to Harp's in Evansville and buy thoes $800 pomeranian puppies . I want to chew on them 
Am I really the only person my age in the world who doesn't give a shit about going out and drinking ??? 
I freakin hate Lord of the Rings . Makes me want to hit people 
So I am just in this generally horrible mood today . EVERYTHING is pissing me off . 
Weird to think this time next week I will be here with my little girl FINALLY . 2 more days ! 
Off to Walmart then laundry laundry and more laundry , cleaning , packing for hospital and then one last evening of peace and quiet . 
Trying to think of some songs to throw on the mp3 player for the hospital stay .. 
Getting that icky pissed off at the world feeling again . Wish my husband payed attention to me . 
Stress level went from 0 to 1000 not sure how < PROPFIRST > is going to eat for the next 3 days . Food stamps are gone , paycheck is gone , Not even sure how the hell we are going to eat before we go to the hospital tonight . Fucked . 
I've been up since about 4AM . That is when they started the patocin drip . Everything is going okay so far . Pray for me folks ! 
Very pleased to announce yesterday at 6:56 PM We had a beautiful little girl . She is 7 lbs 15 oz . 20 1/2 Inches . Will post pictures very soon 
I love my daughter ... She is such a good girl . Keeping her in the room with us tonight after I had a nervous breakdown lastnight cuz I felt bad sending her to the nursery . I think we'll all sleep better with her closer to mommy . 
Please pray for my little girl . She has jaundice and they are keeping us in the hospital another night :( 
Kinda sad . < PROPFIRST > is at work and I can't hold my baby cuz she needs to stay on this \biliblanket\ " . It's breaking my heart I just want to cuddle with her so bad . Guess I'm gonna sit here and cry out these hormones . :\ " ( " 
I've got a BIG prayer request everybody . < PROPFEMALE>'s jaundice got worse overnight . They are keeping her in the hospital for a few more days . Please pray for a fast recovery for my baby girl and maybe a side prayer for me and < PROPFIRST > to be strong . I am thanking God in advance for taking care of my little girl . 
We are HOME ! Thanks for all your prayers & THANK YOU GOD ! When I went to write in the prayer request book before I left , I noticed the last entry , \Please pray for < PROPFEMALE > Faith born January 30th @ 23 weeks\ " and then above it there was a write in \"< PROPFEMALE > Faith went to meet Jesus January 31st\ " PLEASE everyone pray for this family . I don't know them but I can't imagine the pain they are in . " 
I love being a mommy . < PROPFEMALE > is 1 week old today !! Me and her are gonna have a photo shoot tonight I think :P 
?????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Nieces Week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
???? Andalyn , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , & < PROPFEMALE > , I miss you !???? 
< PROPFEMALE > has been fed , changed , and went back to sleep .... think I am gonna go back to sleep too . 
Wow this child sleeps a lot . So does my husband . Wish I didn't feel so sore * sigh * 
Hmm 
< PROPFIRST > went to the E.R. for his neck . Hopefully they can tell him something helpfull . < PROPFEMALE > is asleep , I am guessing < PROPFIRST > will be gone for a majority of the night . Maybe some sleep would be a good idea . Yep . Sounds good 
Everyone is alseep . Gotta make a grocery list , clean the kitchen , and clean this bedroom some . Meh 
I hate this shit 
Kinda depressed . Confused . Lonely . I hate feeling this way 
Going to go take a shower in hopes of relief from this horrible pain I'm in . Thinkin if it dont get any better I may need some kind of medical attention 
So I figured out < PROPFEMALE>'s favorite song is \You've got A friend\ " by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . I love that song . It always makes me miss my daddy for some reason though . " 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS DIABETES . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! I HOPE TO SEE THIS ON YOUR ... 
Wish I was something special to someone . :\ ( " 
Can't let nothing bring me down . Gonna have a good day . Too blessed to be stressed . 
Thought for sure in laws coming back home was going to make bed rest easier . Acually just making it worse . Gotta love it . 
I am protesting < PROPFIRST>'s day . Just so everyone knows ahead of time 
< PROPFIRST > was admited into the hospital thismorning . Please pray for a quick recovery and for him to be able to come home very soon . Me and < PROPFEMALE > already miss him lots :( 
Getting ready to go see < PROPFIRST > . Going to let < PROPFEMALE > take care of < PROPFEMALE > . This is my 1st time leavin < PROPFEMALE > with sombody . I hope I don't have a nervous breakdown . Pray for us please . < PROPFIRST > is gonna be in the hospital for at leaste a week . 
Going to bed . < PROPFIRST > might or might not have surgery tomorrow and I am sure there will be doctors in & out of the room all night making it nearly impossible to get any real sleep ... Please keep us in your prayers . I miss my baby girl :\ ( " 
Missin my little girl . Hope she doesn't forget who I am :\ ( " 
does the term \bestie\ " bother anyone else ? " 
The Doctors said they are going to keep < PROPFIRST > on the antibiotics and fluids for the weekend . They will see if surgery is possible on Monday . He is being really hard to get along with today . Not sure how much longer we are going to be here :\ ( Missing my baby girl " 
Wish sombody understood how hard this is for me . I hate this shit . 
Depressed . don't have much of anyone to turn to . Miss my baby ... God give me the answers 
Going to get some rest . A long weekend of waiting . Please keep on praying for < PROPFIRST>' health and my strength . GOODNIGHT 
Hoping for surgery tomorrow . Hungry , tired , headache . Ready for this to be over with . 
I get to see my baby girl . The hospital said she can't stay with us until after he gets his surgery but at least we'll get to see her 
For some reason my mother in law went and picked up a prescription that I was going to try to transfer to the hospital so I could stop being in excrusiating pain and she's half way here and left my pain pills at home . Didn't ask her to touch my damn prescription and now I just have to suffer . GREAT just F-in GREAT 
Spent an awesome evening with my baby girl . She is gettin SO big . She definatly didn't forget mommy and daddy . No surgery today . The Dr. said we may be able to get away without surgery but may end up sent home on IV antibiotics 
My luck sucks ass . I dropped a $20 < PROPMALE > somwhere in this damn hospiral :( Could shit get anymore stressfull ? 
< PROPFIRST>' blood sugar has stayed under 130 all day . How bout that folks ? 
Not letting things get me down . Nope . No sir-ee < PROPMALE > . Gonna go watch TV . Relax and try to maintain a positive outlook on everything . Goodnight ! 
I have been admitted to the hospital here in Louisville . I will be having surgery Friday to get my gallbladder removed . < PROPFIRST > is doing better . STILL trying to keep my head up .... 
Nervous about tomorrow . Miss my little sister even more than normal for some reason . H 
Going into surgery this afternoon . Wish me luck . 
Surgery went fine . In a lot of pain . No more gallbladder . Going home tomrrow ... me AND < PROPFIRST > that is :) 
Gotta be the best weekend I have had in ages . Finally going home and tomorrow is my bday ... I am not doing or getting anything for my bday but I haven't in years so I am used to that . Still pretty happy 
So they told me to avoid fats , grease , red meat , starches , dairy , acid , and caffine . They brought me a baked potato , roast beef and gravy , peas , lemon pudding , and a pepsi . Are they trying to kill me ? 
Thanks for all the Birthday love everybody ! So glad to be home ! 
Had a pretty good birthday . Thanks everybody . 
Still planning on putting some new pics of Miss KK on here for everyone , just gotta find the time . A certain baby has decided she doesn't really like sleeping anymore so when she passes out because she just CAN'T keep her eyes open any longer , I gotta sleep too . She is snoring so I must get some rest . 
So excited for my friend < PROPFEMALE > , Good luck girl ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I will be celebrating our 5 year wedding anniversary tomorrow . Yay us ! 
My poor baby got her shots today . Boy is she GRUMPY . Hope this infant tylenol helps her sleep tonight , especially after her sleep protest lastnight . * YAWN * 
Anybody got $30 I can barrow til next week so I can get < PROPFIRST>' antibiotics so he doesn't end up back in the hospital ?? 
Cleaning , diapers , laundery , feeding , that about sums up my day 
I am so smart I am so smart smrt I mean ... smart ! I fixed the audio device bullshit on the computer . I GOT MY MUSIC BACK !!!! 
Oh the crazy memories that come back with chingy spittin bout gettin tipsy 
Spent half my day at the ER yesterday . In pain , sick to my stomach , Pray this feels better tomorrow . 
Ugh , Ouch , Bleh , Grr .... 
Anybody got a cigarette I can bum ? I'd walk like 100 < PROPMALE > for some nicotin right now 
So confused , depressed , sick to my stomach . Ready to start over . Instead trapped in a vicious cycle of hate , anger , and misery . One day the sun will shine again . One day I can be me without persecution and shame . The road can only be so rough . The sadness can only last so long . 
Got a job interview monday morning . It's for a temp position but it pays $12/hr so I'm all about it :) 
Going to visit my family in Indy next weekend . So excited ! Can't wait for < PROPFEMALE > to meet Mommy's side of the family , finally ! 
Getting ready for this job interview . Wish me luck !! 
Got the job . Starts on May 16th ! It's only a 6 day job but I'm still pretty excited :) 
a depressed thinkin bout the fact that I don't get to go to Indy this weekend . I was sooo lookin forward to it . * sigh * just more disappointment . Not really suprised . 
In Indy 
gettin a haircut tonight ... not sure how it's going to look but hey , it grows back eventually , right ? 
I need a cigarette :{ 
Finally going to be able to get baby girl's medicine today =D Thank God ! 
