Happy New Year , everyone ! I have high hopes of a positive and prosperous 2010 !!! 

Cascade here we comE !! Could it be a little colder ?!? Good thing only the boys will be outside ..... 
Glad to be home ... good to get away , always good to get home ! With my child in one piece , too ... ugh . Gotta get him back up on the horse though - can't be afraid ! 
Back to work tomorrow for one day , and then off for St. < PROPFIRST > !!! I think I can handle one day back .... 
Crabby boys need to go to bed at 8pm . 
I hate stupid people that play games . 
It's a new day today ! 
Can't sleep can't sleep can't sleep !! 
Hey all you 90th Street friends - I'm thinking about the block party ! How about the first Saturday in September ?? I heard it's supposed to rain that day ... haha - we are due for some good weather . Let me know how this date works ! 
The block party is on - Saturday , 9/12 - we're closing off between Keefe and Townsend this year ( since that's where all the REAL party people are !! ) . More details to follow soon !!! 
Went to a candle party and won a sexy man in a jar ... what more could I ask for ?!? 
What a great day with nothing to do :) 
Five days until lots of fun !!! Mmmm I can taste the first cocktail already ... 
Four days four days four days ( yes , I need to get a life !!! ) :) 
Rain rain go away !! Ok you can stay tonight so my grass gets greener but please go away for tomorrow !! :) 
Candle , anyone ? :) 
Looong Monday .... but pretty soon I have a week off , so I can make it !!! 
Woo hoo , vacation for the next 6 days ... what should I do first ..... 
What a beautiful day !!!! It took long enough for summer to get here ... but what a great way to dive right in .... 
\Character - the willingness to accept responsibility for one's own life - is the source from which self-respect springs . \ " Amen to that ! " 
My fav gals are helping with block party fliers tonight .. woo hoo , it's coming up . Can you taste that first frosty beer in the middle of the street ?? How naughty ... 
What a great day today ... I wish it would never end ! 
Other than online RSVPs , I only have ONE official yes for the block party ! Come on , neighborhood pals - let's spread the word !!! Doesn't even matter what the weather is like ... we'll have fun no matter what .... 
Off to make some money ... hopefully !!! :) 
Time to take a step back and let the common sense take over where the heart shouldn't be ! :) 
Happy almost first day of school :) 
Enjoying the beautiful weather today .... what great weather we've had this weekend !!! 
Wanted : Big , strong neighbor man to come to my house and move the block party barricades down to the other side of 90th . Apply within ... no experience needed ;) 
The position is filled , thanks to < PROPFIRST > !! More duties to come .... :) 
Go Pack !!!!!!! 
\The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible . \"" 
Not surprised . Disappointed , yes - but honestly , not surprised . 
Excited for the birthday ge t-t ogether tomorrow !!!! 
I'd rather be frosting cakes and making pickles with Dotsie . 
Reality bites . 
Dotsie , I will never forget all the Halloween parties we had at your house and how you dressed up as < PROPFEMALE > Diller ... you were an amazing woman and I will never ever forget you !! RIP ! xo 
Let's see how honest FB friends are ... Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting :) and please try and be nice about it !!!!! 
I'm ready for today to be over :( 
TGIF - Yippee !! 
Love the weather !!! The only thing better than spring fever is spring fever in fall , when it's oh-so unexpected ! Love it ..... 
Today is a great Monday ... what a difference a week can make !! :) 
Fun night ahead of me .... I hope !!! :) 
First day of a nice short week - can't complain !!! 
What a great happy day to put a smile on my face :) 
Happy Thanksgiving - I'm thankful for my great family and my wonderful friends , and all those little surprises that pop up to put a smile on my face ! Love to you all . 
Off to the Christmas store with < PROPFIRST > - our 3rd annual trip there , can't wait !!!!! 
Putting up the tree today .... the real challenge is finding room for it !!! 
Note to self : Get new tree that doesn't have color-coded branches ....... 
I definitely need to stop watching fairytale movies with happy endings ! Why can't life be like Enchanted ? Ok - except the cartoon part , but you know .... :) 
Note to self : read quizzes before taking them !! Secrets may not really be secrets :) 
What a crazy weekend . I will be glad to go back to work in our cool decorated office !!! 
Hate the weather . Afraid to drive . Anything else ? 
Another night of work .... but I am not complaining !!! Hopefully they are a thirsty , generous bunch !!! 
Open gym at West until 10pm ... what's up with that . I can't wait until < PROPFIRST > can drive himself home !!! ( I may regret saying that .... ) 
I seriously could go for a martini right about now . A REALLY big martini ..... with a kind and gentle handsome man serving it to me ;) 
No martini today ... however the kind , gentle ( slightly naughty ) handsome man is still welcome here !!! 
TGIF and welcome to that last stressful weekend before Christmas :) 
Good luck to all my East Coast friends - I hope the weather isn't too bad !!!! 
Happy First Day of Winter !!! 
Yiipee it's like Friday today ! Looking forward to a nice long weekend to collect my thoughts . And spend the holidays with my family , too ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my FB friends !!!!! Drive safe and be grateful for all the wonderful things and people in your life . 
Everything is done and ready with nearly ONE hour to spare ! Whew , I pulled it off ... think I will have a glass of wine to celebreate :) 
I hate computer problems ! Guess my laptop will be heading back to visit the Geek Squad ! :( 
Still love the move Enchanted !!!! 
Attaboy < PROPMALE > !!!!!!! 
A little shopping , nails done , a great Packer game , and a movie with my fav boys ! What a great way to spend a chilly Sunday :) 
Back to reality today ! 
Another unrealistic love-based show I quite enjoy is Grey's Anatomy . Where else can a woman with cancer get married to the handsome doctor ... all the while imagining she sees her ex-fiancee ? Ok I'm watching re-runs ... but still . Love it . I am the < PROPFEMALE > of fantasy love stories and I refuse to give up !!!!!!!!!! :) 
Happy New Year FB Friends !!!! Oh yeah , and GO BUCKY !!!!!!!!!! 
Off today ! But no time for relaxing ... I am a woman with a plan !! :) 
WHAT a day !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Be nice , Mother Nature ..... 
Hot pink and black . 
I hate strep throat :( . Come on antibiotics , do your magic .... 
Today is feeling like a good day ! Throat is feeling better ... the heater is working upstairs ( thanks , Jim !! ) ... I can't complain :) 
Ok FB friends .... looking for some good vibes and good < PROPFEMALE > this week - no luck so far and I could use it !!!!!!!!! 
I jumped on my brother at the dinner table because I'm NOT crazy . Ok , that was SO boring compared to singing to a surfer in my bathroom !! :) 
Describe me in ONE word , using the THIRD letter of you're name . This is fun . Answer me and then copy as you're status and see what people say about you . • .?. • 
I LOVE re-runs of Grey's Anatomy !!!! Love love love ! 
Using only four words , tell me what you would say to me if we woke up in jail together . Then copy and paste this into your own FB status and see what responses you get 
I am all SQL'd out ! Saturated is a better word . Back to studying ...... 
Off to The County < PROPFEMALE > tonight with my work friends .... should be fun ! Anything else going on later tonight ?!? Come on FB friends , hook me up ;) 
Yucky weather ... but just think if this was all snow !!!!!!!! 
Go Colts !!!!!!! 
Question of the day for my IT techie friends -what exactly is the purpose of :| in a PL/SQL block ??? 
What is up with this sore throat .... enough already !!!!! :( 
Good things are coming my way ... i can feel it . Anywone with some spare good < PROPFEMALE > , please feel free to share !! :) 
If you have a sister who is your best friend , has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin , then copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without our sisters ! 
Good day so far .... fingers crossed !!!! 
Today could be the make it or break it ..... all votes are for make it !!!! :) 
I got the job - woo hoo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks to all for the good vibes , < PROPFEMALE > , and prayers !!!!!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name . Post this as your status and the result from urban dictionary as the first comment . 
If my laptop wasn't with Geek Squad right now I would be throwing it out the window ! UGH . I hate technical difficulties .... 
Yippee back online ... just not with my sporty pink laptop . $350 to fix a $700 computer , does that even make sense ?!?!? 
Love the snow , hate the belt that is off my snowblower ....!! Thank heaven for a big strong boy with a shovel ;) 
Tomorow is my last day at BCA .... very bittersweet . I'm excited for a new adventure but sad to be leaving it all behind ..... 
Seems like it's time for change ... I think it's in the air - but change is scary . 
Two days until the new job - very excited ! Got a welcome basket from them via UPS yesterday with a water bottle , picture frame , all kinds of snacks and < PROPFEMALE > - how nice !!!!! 
Yippee - my fav movie Enchanted is on USA - my < PROPFIRST>'s Day is complete !!!!!!!!!!!!! Always good to live with a little hope for < PROPMALE > charming ... 
Pretty sure I won't be able to sleep tonight . UGH . Nerves . Hate it ! I need to find my inner calmness ...... 
First day of the new job and I love it !! Love the people , love what I know about the work so far ... it's going to be a great transition :) 
Today was a great day too - I feel very lucky and blessed to have gotten a new job at all in today's market , but finding a great job is really the icing on the cake ! 
Attention < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Wright , and 82d St School alumni - what ever happened to that reunion we were talking about ??! Let's do it for sure this spring - I will help with organization but drop me a line if you would join in ! I was thinking of just somewhere like Shepherds or Corner Pub or something .... ideas anyone ( especially you , Zoy ! ) ??? 
What a relaxing day today .... although it is quite quiet without a houseful of kids !! 
I will be very happy when < PROPFIRST > is home safe and sound today !!! 
My brain is tired :) . 
Hard realization and very humbling : coming from a job where I knew lots and going to a job where I don't know lots !!! I know I will learn ... but anyone who knows me well knows how NOT patient I am . Tomorrow is another day :) . 
I did something of purpose at work today . Day by day ! :) . Other than my inability to be patient , I am thankful daily for the great new job I have !!! 
Well it's about about 4 weeks since my car was in garage .. so it's a good time to go back , huh ? Nothing like a hole the housing of the transmission to add a little excitement to life ..... UGH ! 
IT'S MOVIE LINE WEEK here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines ! Don't forget to comment on your friends movie lines ! 
I think there are still some things I hate about the new FB format . I'm a creature of habit and I want it to go back !!!!!!!!! 
Nothing is ever as it seems .... I hate that . 
Never doubt for a minute that every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . You can't choose family but ... you can choose friends - love ya ! 
TGIF tomorow ... I'm ready for the weekend . Going to see Hairspray at The Milwaukee Theater with my pal < PROPFIRST > , and dinner at Bacchus - should be fun and I can't wait to sing all the songs !!!! 
Dinner at Bacchus and Hairspray at the Milwaukee Theater - what a great night !!! 
Sons outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ... Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? Awesome ? Son(s ) ? in the ? world . 
Another great day today ... thinking and working very hard at the new job , but I am so happy to work with great people !!!! My brain might possibly be dead at the moment but a little sleep will refresh that . 
Gotta LOVE this weather !!!!!!!!!! 
Loved the weather again today !! Spring fever is officially here .... look out :P 
PS - Sisters are awesome . For all of you with an awesome sister , you know exactly what I mean ! Totally selfless caring and love . Love ya , Kimmy :) xo 
When I grow up , I'm going to be a realist . Really ! 
My spring fever is totally up and down like the weather ... today is definitely an ' up ' :P 
Dear car < PROPFEMALE > gods : I've had enough , okay ? I talk nicely to my new car , take her to get a nice bath and STILL the check engine light comes on . Enough already !!!!! 
Ahhhhh spring fever .... the best and worst thing that can happen to a gal like me :) ... I love the weather and can't wait for it to be warmer ! 
The beautiful weather . Need I say more ?!?!? The spring fever is killing me .... 
Allright 90th St. pals - it's block party time ! Easy this year - everyone bring food , tables , and chairs we will have more time to enjoy each others ' company . How about June 24th ? ( < PROPFEMALE > if you are hungover , I'm sure you have no interest but think about it tomorrow !!! ) :) I propose Mexican Fiesta - easy and delish ! 
Alright - enough days of being sick - ENOUGH ! 
I love you and will miss you Dad .... xoxo :( 
Thank you , everyone , for all the kind and thoughtful wishes . It's a hard few days but it's nice to know we have lots of wonderful friends . 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , you're slightly mental at times , you can't keep a secret , your house is a mess , or your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . RE-POST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend . 
Hey 90th Street friends .... mark you calendars , the block party date is set - Saturday 6/26 at 3pm ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all my mom friends - enjoy and < PROPFEMALE > every minute with your families !!! 
Hi 90th Street pals ... today I rented a slushy machine and a popcorn machine for the block party - let's make it a real celebration this year . Life is short and precious !!! 
You're sitting in a bar , a song comes on and you suddenly think of me . What song is playing ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what songs you get 
Hot weather - can't wait for the pool to be in place and ready to go ! Then comes the deck and then the celebration . It's time for some happy times with family and friends - no more funerals !!!! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! And sorry to those of you that I sent the birthday virus to ! :( 
The hole for the pool is officially dug ... ** fingers crossed ** that the installation goes as smoothly !!!! Kudos to Phoenix Excavation .. they are great . 
Missing my child already and it hasn't even been a full 24 hours ! Although I know he is having a blast !!! 
Not loving the 4 inches of water in my basement tonight :( At least it went down , and knock on wood it did not cause a sink hole like on the east side - but it's a huge mess !!! Come on Mother Nature ... enough ! 
Great day today .... all those worries and nightmares for nothing ! :) 
My neighbors are awesome !!! ( Thanks , < PROPFIRST >!!!!!!!!!!!!) . 
Great night tonight ... played < PROPMALE > Polo in the pool with < PROPFIRST > and some friends , and then to Baskin Robbins . Doesn't get better than that !!!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > - Amen to that !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Happy birthday Dad ... thinking about you and I'm smiling up at you !!! RIP xoxoxo 
Me an Janese having beers with Lake Effect ! 
Lake Effect ROCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Today is a good day . You have to love a day that is just plain ' ol good for no real reason ! :) 
Hey 90th Street party pals .... we have to go to Papapalooza at Papa's Pub on Saturday night 8/21 . This great band Lake Effect is playing - it will be awesome ! Let me know if you can go , maybe we can have some cocktails here before going over there ! :) 
Who'd have thought I'd have Sweet < PROPFEMALE > on a cd in my car ????!? Gotta love good ol ' songs that make you want to sing and dance !!! ( Note : Thanks , Lake Effect !!! ) 
Can't wait until Saturday - State Fair with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! Add a little < PROPMALE > Michaels and an ice cold beer - it doesn't get any better !! :) 
I love my sister Kimmy !!!!!! 
TGIF tomorrow , finally ! A week and a day until Papapalooza for those you counting ( like me ! ) :P 
What a difference a day can make !!! 
I hate it when I can't sleep !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Today's the day ! Mother Nature , please be nice :) 
What a beautiful day !!! It feels so good to have the windows open and get some fresh air in the house . 
Finally got the right HD cable box for our new big TV - holy cow what a difference !!!!!! 
And the countdown continues .... 5 days until Papapalooza ! Lake Effect , we are officially groupies :P 
Hump day is over .... it's all downhill from here ! 
I love days that are just good because they're good :) . Carpe diem ...... 
Hey everyone , don't forget Papapalooza tomorrow night !!!!!!! 
Lake Effect ROCKS . Need I say more !?!?!? :) 
Ok - let's all agree , videographer will never be a career goal of mine .... if you watch the YouTube below of Lake Effect , keep in mind that I probably had a Summer Shandy in the other hand ..... :) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l2gFixxdIoM 
Life is good :) 
How great is it to have a bar and a mini fridge in my garage ! Great garage sale purchases that will definitely be put to good use :) 
PS-Way to go Tosa West JV !!!!!!!!!! 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ok gals , when is the next Scentsy party ??? I am running out of < PROPFEMALE > Limeade already !!!!! 
What a great pool day ! The yard work will wait ....... :) 
I love the movie 50 First Dates . Where are all the men like < PROPFIRST > Sandler in real life ?!? 
What a great weekend - beautiful weather ! Way to close out the last few weeks before closing the pool :) 
If you believe in Jesus Christ put this in your wall . DONT JUST IGNORE \ 
THIS because in The Bible it says if you deny him , he will deny you in \ 
front of His Father in the Gates of Heaven . This is the simplest test : \ 
If you love God and you are not ashamed of it , copy this . 
I'm feeling the urge to do something wild and crazy ....... 
I was just washing the dishes listening to the kids laughing and having fun in the pool .... what a great noise ! Nothing better than happy kids :) 
I definitely need a martini . Or two . 
It might not be swimming weather , but at least it's not raining !!! :) 
I love my neighbors !! 
Thought of the day .... there is the saying \friends don't let friends drive drunk\ " - but I have officially changed it to \ " friends don't let friends TEXT drunk \"!!!!!" 
What's up with stupid neighbors calling the police on kids at 9pm .... I have no use for them but seem to be surrounded by them . I wish I could pick up my house and move it down 90th to somewhere between Keefe and Townsend !!!!!!!!!!! 
Back to reality tomorrow ... I can't believe how fast the long weekend went !!!! 
What a crappy day . I seriously need to go to bed and wake up tomorrow and try again ...... 
And PS - mean people suck . 
Today is a new and fresh day ! 
Today's a better day - going out with < PROPFEMALE > this weekend , I can't wait ! Look out town , here we come ! 
St Gregs with < PROPFEMALE > - look out world !! 
Looking thru tons of old pictures from my dad's house ... good memories but sad too . Love you both mom and dad and miss you lots xoxoxo 
Preparing myself for a most unpleasant day ... ugh I just want it to all be over :( 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , what you look like , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ; they love you for who you are . True friends can go long periods of time without speaking , and never question the friendship .... REPOST , if you have at least one true friend ; they will know who they are . ;) 
Hate it when I can't sleep :( 
I definitely function better when there is some sunshine ..... I think I need to buy a sun lamp or something ! 
I would love to go to Vegas for 24 hours of fun ..... any takers ?!? 
Shopping with my sis today and then a nice cozy nap with the dogs ... what a perfect way to spend this dreary Sunday ! 
I hate it when I can't shut my mind off . 
Tomorrow is a new day ! 
It's the full < PROPFEMALE > that makes me act like this ... I swear !! :P 
I stole this from < PROPFEMALE > but I love it : If you can't handle me at my worst than you don't deserve me at my best . LOVE it !!!! 
Time to close the pool ... how sad . Can't wait until I can open it again next spring !!!! 
Nails and cheesecake - what a great combination for a nice < PROPFEMALE > day :) 
Another night in urgent care with my child ... for those of you keeping track , that would be TWICE in September ! Torn cartilage or something in his knee ... he has an immobilizer from his thigh to his ankle ... that knee will NOT be moving ! 
Is it Saturday yet ?!? I need some FUN ! 
Tomorrow is a new day ( thank HEAVEN !!!!!!!!!!!! ) :) 
Yippee it's finally Lake Effect day !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Note to self : I am not 21 anymore !! Fun night but I can't handle those late nights anymore ! Lake Effect , you rocked :) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZNu9IaoF8M 
Let's try this again .... \ 
\ 
Ok I think this is it .... \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmQuyKgvtYU 
Some more Lake Effect ! \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RihFpJVseHU 
More Lake Effect - gotta love ' em ! \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WXaHZzdQZxk 
FINALLY Friday tomorrow !!! What a week . 
My brain is tired . 
I need to find a way to have more < PROPFEMALE > for annoying people ...... 
I think I need ( and deserve ) a wild and crazy trip to Vegas !!!!!!!!! 
This is I LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong ( or something along these lines ) copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! ... Re-post ...... if ... you have an amazing sister like I do !!!!! 
One last tiki bar ge t-t ogether tonight - so sad to see it put away ! Stop over anyone in the area ! 
Why do weekends go by SO fast ?!?!? 
Can't sleep , can't sleep ..... too much on my mind . I hate this !!!!!!!!!!!! 
TGIF tomorrow , woo hoo !! 
Nice headache today thanks to the icky weather :( 
I love my new Easy button !!!! Everyone should have one :) 
I hate the wind !!! The pool cover has already blown off :( 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD LETTER of your FIRST NAME . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this to your wall , so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word & not copy to your status ... play along ( and be nice ... haha !! ) 
My thought for the day - life is TOO short to waste a single moment being unhappy !!!! 
Looking forward to a fun day at the mall and water park with some of my fav kids !!!! :) 
I can't believe our fun weekend is already over :( . Great time at the mall yesterday ! As an added bonus , < PROPFIRST > Clarkson performed ! That explains that other gazillion people in the mall ..... :) 
Mean people suck . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zPG1n1B0Ydw&ob=av3e 
Woo hoo Lake Effect Friday night !!! I'm in need of a good night out :) 
Living life for what it is and enjoying every single minute :) 
What a FUN night !!!! 
Awesome night last night with the < PROPMALE > Experience and Lake Effect and all my pals :) 
Dear FB Friends : I promise to leave my phone at home next time I go out :) . Love , < PROPFIRST > 
Bring it on , world - I'm ready ! 
Life is challenging . Sometimes , there's more pain than we ask for ; sometimes , there's more joy than we can imagine . It's all part of the package , and the package is good . We are not victims of life . We can change our attitude , life does not have to be difficult . 
If actions speak louder than words , then why do words hurt so much ? 
I'm stealing this quote from a quiz because I love it !! Live the FACT :\ 
F - Forget the past\ 
A -- Accept the present\ 
C -- Change the future\ 
T--T hen smile :) \ 
Love it !! 
Happy Thanksgiving , FB friends . < PROPFEMALE > your family and friends and remember everything there is to be thankful for !!! 
What a great long weekend - lots done , lots of time with my fav kid ( and my fav twin born two years apart ! ) !!!! 
Beginnings are only possible where there are endings . Clear acknowledged endings are as necessary to intelligible life , as pauses between notes to intelligible music . Although endings sometimes feel like the end of you , take them for what they really are , - the end of a stage in your life . Here is to new beginnings ! ( Thanks , < PROPFEMALE >!!!) 
Awesome word of the day : Automagical ! Love it . That's how we roll :) 
Fun day with my sis < PROPFIRST > Platek today !!!! :) 
This weather bites ! I would way rather be sitting by the pool . Only 6 months to go ..... 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I hate the wind .... hate it hate it hate it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mean , selfish , self-centered people suck . 
I think today will be a good day ! :) 
Gotta love the ( almost ) full < PROPFEMALE > and the craziness it brings ! 
Off for a nice long weekend ... hmmm , what to do first ?!? :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my FB friends - it's been a rough year , thank you all for sticking with me through the thick and thin . On to a bigger and better New Year ! 
Counting down to a happy new year ... hopefully the new year brings more joy and less loss ! :) 
Way to go PACK !!!!!!!!!! 
Four wheel drive ROCKS ! :) 
To all the unselfish moms out there who traded sleep for dark circles , salon haircuts for a ponytail , long showers for quick ones , late nights for early mornings , and designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change a thing . Let's see how many moms post this who don't care what they gave up and instead , LOVE what they got in return . Post this if you LOVE being a mom ! ? I KNOW I DO !! 
WOO HOO Go PACK ! :) 
I love my new snowblower !!!!!!! :) 
YOUR SONS WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOU HEART FOR A LIFETIME . IT'S SON'S WEEK .... IF YOU HAVE A SON WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH WHILE LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND THEM , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS . 
Yippee Lake Effect tonight !!! 
What a super fun night last night !! 
This weather brings on a little taste of spring fever ! Look out world ..... :) 
FINALLY Friday !!!!!!! What a long week . 
Love the sun .... better enjoy it today , sounds like it won't last ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > rocks !!!!! 
Dear Mother Nature : Please bring early spring back - please . I said please !!! :) 
Ok today is a new day ..... has to be better than yesterday !! 
Omg I was looking thru old memory stuff and found a purple 45 of Purple Rain !!! Now if only I had someplace to play it .....!! 
lots of fun with Matty at Papas !! 
@matty phanara rocks !!!!!!! 
Spending some quality time with my favorite boy today ..... thanks < PROPFIRST > for hanging with your ol ' mom :) 
Sunday night already .... back to reality tomorrow ! 
Friday HAS to be here soon - I'm so ready for the weekend ! 
Yay TGIF !!!!! 
Not the least bit tired ..... ugh 5am will come really early if I don't get sleepy soon :( 
After about 16 hours of pretty much uninterrupted sleep , I am FINALLY starting to feel better . Thank you GOD ! 
Watched Love and Other Drugs ..... can any female watch this movie and NOT be in love with < PROPMALE > Gyllenhaal ?!?!? Wow ... 
It's a good day today !!!! :) 
TGIF FB Friebds !!! Sunshine today , Lake Effect tomorrow .... should be a great weekend ! 
Holy spring fever !!! 
Loving life right now :) 
I firmly believe that a leopard does not change his ( or her ! ) spots .... and I believe we see an example of this almost daily . 
Fun day today starting off with my fav sis at the Y and ending with Lake Effect !!!! :) 
Ready for some serious fun and dancing ! 
Danced on the bar woo hoo ! 
< PROPFIRST > Cash !!! 
Lake Effect rocks , day light savings sucks !!!!! 
Another beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day ! 
Is it really Monday ?!? :( 
Why settle for the little knife in the drawer when the BIG knife is REALLY what you want to use ?!? ;) 
Today is so beautiful it should be spent sitting outside have an icy cold < PROPFEMALE > !! I hate it when responsibility gets in the way ... 
Everyone is < PROPFEMALE > on St. Patricks Day ! Celebrate with a green beer or by kissing someone named < PROPFIRST > !! :) 
I'm so over being sick !!!! 
I heart Mr. Big :) 
Pineapple ! 
YAY for thunderstorms !!!! 
I want my thunderstorms back !!!! What the heck , doesn't Mother Nature know it's Spring ?!?!?! 
Looking forward to some ME time tomorrow and a fun Saturday too !!! 
Mani/pedi done ... what a wonderfully relaxing day ! Come on weekend I'm ready ! 
Outside Tosa West in awe at all the high schoolers with shorts and/or no jacket ... I think they got Mother Nature's memo ! 
Lake Effect tonight-yippee !!!!! :) 
What a day !! 
Love my Lake Effect pals < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!! And < PROPFEMALE > , so glad you came tonight !!! Lake Effect rocked the house as usual .... love you guys !!!! 
Much better and more productive day today .... thanks to my main support at work for allowing me to ask for help !!! ( you know who you are !!!!! ) 
Dear Mother Nature : WHERE is the sun ?!?!? 
Yay here comes the thunder again !!!!! :) 
Back to reality and my par t-t ime job as < PROPFIRST>'s taxi driver ! 
