Happy New Year !!! 

is chilling out today watching movies . 
I'm going to tear up some Mexican Chicken tonight !!! 
Headed to the neighborhood park for the annual 4th of July picnic . Free food here I come ! Happy 4th of July everyone . 
Had a great weekend ! My son went home tonight , but he comes back next week until the end of the summer . Can't wait ! 
Getting ready to do my < PROPFEMALE > Michaels exercises for the day ... in other words , I'm about to exhaust myself ! 
Finally done with my exercises and a 3 mile walk . I'm going to hit the rack . Have a good night everyone . 
is reading \An American Hedge Fund \"" 
Cleaning house today from top to bottom 
Making lunch then it's off to the pool ! 
Is getting ready to go out and eat Mexican with my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
Saw < PROPMALE > Potter and the Half-Blood < PROPMALE > 
is laying out by the pool . 
getting ready to watch Big Brother !!! 
is watching YES man . 
going to El Porton tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
rented Knowing . 
is watching the 2009 Series of World Poker . 
is working out . 
is headed to Wild River Country for the day !!! 
is hitting the weights during lunch , so I won't have to worry about it after work . 
is sipping on Prosecco campaign and smoking a cigar on the porch . 
went to El Chico , now I'm stuffed to the gills ! 
To everyone on my friends list-if you know anyone who wants or a very cute puppy < PROPFEMALE > has seven more . Let me know and I will get you her info so you can take one home before they are all gone . 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , the other < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are all going to the < PROPMALE > Library today ! It's free to get in , free snacks and a magic show every hour for the kids , It should be fun !! 
is headed to a pool party with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Social experiment : If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised what people remember about you . 
is done slamming the weights . Now it's time to go running ! 
I'm off to work . I hope everyone has a great day ! 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are going to go see The Goods ! 
Today is < PROPFIRST>' first day in the eighth grade ! I hope he has a good one . 
Going over to < PROPFEMALE>'s to eat some Red < PROPFEMALE > Cake !! YUM !!!!!!! 
wishes he could sleep ! 
I lost all my music and videos when my computer suddenly crashed on me a couple of months ago . I finally downloaded LimeWire and now it's time to start over . 
TGIF ! 
is headed to Shreveport this weekend . I hope everyone has a great weekend . 
is eating homemade chocolate chip mint ice cream . This stuff is SO good ! 
Headed back to Little Rock . Had a great in Shreveport ! Curious to see how everyone else's weekend went . Please post your replies here . 
home at last ! Time to eat , workout then it's Big Brother ! 
Pulled a muscle in my hip while running last night . This sucks !! 
got out of work early in time for the long weekend . I'm going to go take a short nap .... didn't get much sleep last night ! 
is reading Club Dead 
taking < PROPFEMALE > in to have her stitches removed . She is not happy being locked in the pet carrier . 
has started his nightly workout . 
is watching the World Series of Poker . 
is glad to finally be home !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going out to eat with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > at Chili's . I haven't been to Chili's in forever !!! 
is home sick today . :( 
is cleaning house today ! 
Today is the last day of summer . :-( 
had fun playing darts tonight !!! 
I'm starting my nightly workout . Looking forward to running in this cooler weather !!! 
I hope everyone has a great day !! 
I love this rainy weather . I just wish I could have taken a nap today . 
When I got home from work , I finally got to put the Buckeye tree in the ground that I bought on Friday . < PROPFEMALE > and I also started doing the fall de-weeding in the flower beds . I'm resurrecting the beds next year and turning them into butterfly gardens . 
This is the first beautiful day we've had in a while . 
Tonight is darts night !!! We are up against a very good team . It's going to be a short night tonight . 
Today is < PROPFIRST>' 14th birthday . Hard to believe he is a full blown teenager now . Taking him to Playtime Pizza for his party tonight . He and I are going to dominate everyone in laser tag !! 
the rain is finally suppose is ease up on Friday . 
is eating Dam Goode Pies ! 
is looking forward to going to the Schaefer's corn maze in Mayflower for the day . 
Today is going to be a great day ! I can feel it ! 
My teeth whitening trays and bleach came in today . I just picked them up from the dentist's office ! 
headed to bed . Good night everyone . 
TGIF !!! 
is getting ready to start cleaning out the garage . Agh ! 
is looking forawrd to going to the Torchure Chamber tonight . 
The Torchure Chamber was AWESOME ! I highly recommend it for anyone that goes to haunted houses . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going over to my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s Halloween get together tonight . Since she is working late , we will probably hit it as soon as she gets off work . 
I woke up this morning and found my son's < PROPMALE > size water bed lea < PROPMALE > . NICE ! I'm draining it now , then it's off to get a new liner . 
is taking mom to the Bucher Shop tonight for her birthday . 
I feel robbed of my extra hour of sleep . This morning one of the cats woke me up by picking at the bedroom door at 5:30 and I wasn't able to go back to sleep . 
Looks like we finally have a rain free week . 
Why is it that the older I get the harder it is to get up in the morning ? Isn't it supposed to be easier ? 
is excited about going to Fayetteville to watch the Arkansas Game ! GO HOGS !! 
I've had all the fun and games I can handle for one day . Goodnight all . 
I want to thank all Verterns who sacrifice so much for our freedom . 
is downloading some updated music to my MP3 player . 
is playing darts tonight at the VFW . We are playing the Long Branch biker bar team , The Booze Cruise . 
is going to see New < PROPFEMALE > at 3:30 . 
New < PROPFEMALE > was AWESOME ! We are going out to Troi's with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for < PROPFEMALE>'s 36th ! 
Looking forward to the short week and to spend the holiday with the people I love most ! 
is off work early today and is heading out to Kansas tonight for Thanksgiving . Now what to pack . 
Head out to Kansas for Thanksgiving . I'm going to be gone through the weekend , so to everyone on my friends list have a Happy Thanksgiving ! 
is home at last ! 
is watching educational DVDs 
I'm out . Everyone have a good night ! 
done with my nightly workout and headed to bed . Goodnight Facebook . 
is reading a new book . 
So here I was , in the middle of my nightly workout when my jump rope snaps in half ! Since I couldn't stop I kept jumping , moving my arms , no rope .... feeling like a total retard ! 
I hate cold weather unless it snows . However , I do love the peaceful serenity it brings . Almost like a filter from the noise of the surrounding city . 
Darts tonight at Pizza D's!!!!!! 
Going to head out to Shreveport for the weekend in a bit . I might check FB from my phone , I might not . Depends on what we are doing . Have a great weekend all . 
is headed to the Comedy Club in Bossier City , Louisiana to see < PROPFIRST > Epps . 
Since tonight is the last game of darts for the fall season , I'm going home at lunch to workout . Especially since I'm NOT going to feel like it at midnight tonight ! 
Heading to church with my son . < PROPMALE > 18:15 -17 . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! I'm picking up my son at 6 tonight then we are heading over to mom's for a Christmas dinner and opening presents with the entire family . Can't wait ! 
\When people Can walk away from you ; let them walk . Your < PROPFEMALE > is never tied to anyone that left ! \ " ... T.D JakesThought this was a really good one for everyone " 
Always rain and never snow ... 
just got back from eating at Copelands with my mom , brother and family . The blackened chicken was superb ! 
It's 3 in the morning . Why am I not tired ???? 
What is everyone doing for New Years ??? 
It's SNOWING !!! I don't have to go into work for two hours and hopefully IN two hours they will cancel work altogether . 
Just got back from seeing Avatar with my son , brother and wife . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > pulls off another phenomenal movie ! 
It's starting to sleet here in West Little Rock ever so slightly . 
No snow at all ! So I'm using one of my optional holidays today . I'm gettin my day off ! 
Nude 
A word that describes me is_________(1)If you really know me , you know I love _____(2 ) and can't stand_______(3 ) . Be kind ... 
just got back from seeing Sherlock Holmes with a few friends . I highly recommend it . 
wondersifanyoneknowswhatthelongstickatthebottomofthekeyboardisfor ? 
I just got done working out . Going to sleep good tonight ! 
is headed home to lay down . Hopefully I'll get to feeling better tomorrow . 
Perfect day to open the windows , turn on the attic fan and air out the house ! 
I had a friend call me at 1:30 last night and was strained on the side of the road with all of her kids coming back from Memphis . I would have gone to get them but when I called her back she had her father in law on his way . I talked to her for for an hour on the phone until he arrived to make sure she was ok . I couldn't go back to sleep until 8 this morning . Now I'm awake and ready to start my day . 
Since this last week I've been going to bed really early , 10PM and have been waking up before 4AM . At first it was because I couldn't quit coughing at night . Now that the cough is dieing down , it's like my body won't let me even rest 6 hours . Frustrating ! 
loves having a free day off from work ! 
just got back from Senoir Tequillas , the liquor store and redbox . I love living in West Little Rock where everything is in walking disance ! 
I've got one passport to send out in MW . Let me know if you need it . 
Cooking bacon , eggs , toast and a side of orange for breakfast . 
Just got done workingout , getting a quick bite to eat , then it's off to darts . This is the first night of the spring league , so wish me luck . 
Lots of snow with ice underneath here in Little Rock . Last night at 1 in the monring it was sleeting hard ! 
Alltel is closed today ! Whoohoo !!!!!! 
Snow . LOVE IT ! 
Just finished my lunch workout . Now it's time to eat ! 
Me and my lovely wife are headed up to Eureka Springs for the weekend . Though we had our first anniversary last Sunday , Eureka is WAY too crowded on < PROPFIRST>'s Day weekend , which is why we are headed up there tonight . I hope everyone has a great weekend ! 
went down to Furniture Row for the water bed liner , mattress and water treatment solution because of the leak we had a month ago . $130 later , I'm finally able to fill up < PROPFIRST>' water bed . 
is going Ice Skating today ! 
I'm done with my workout and run and heading back to work . 
Lies drive a wedge between who you really are and who you act like you are , and the greater the distance between the two , the greater the dissonance in your life will be . 
Round 2 .... let's hope this one deviates in a different path . 
How is everyone doing ? 
is playing darts tonight at the VFW . 
Today is the day I start working on the butterfly garden I'm creating at my house . Headed to the Conway garden center get get a couple of butterfly bushes and milkweed to start and add to it over the next few weeks . I hope it doesn't start raining today before I can get everything in the ground . 
I wanted to say Thank You to everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday . You've really made my day . I love you all !!! 
< PROPFIRST > and I spent 4 hours in the garden today , weeding , tilling , moving rocks , fertilizing , planting and I'm STILL not done with the backyard flowerbeds ! I'm totally spent and feel like I just ran a marathon . That's the last time I let them grow over with weeds for 5 years . HA ! 
Enjoying my last day off . 
is loving the sun and the warmth . 
I was so exhausted last night I went to bed at 9:30 . Now I'm wide awake and looking for something to do at 4:30 in the morning . 
After having a migraine earlier , I'm left feeling dazed and confused . 
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option . 
Frustrated !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > asleep , < PROPFIRST > on Aion , and me ... I just got done working out and think I'll go for a night run around the neighborhood .... my fav !!! 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
Click the like button if I have ever made you smile in your life . Copy this as your status and see how many people you have made happy . 
Out of the Verizon build once and for all . Still getting set up here at the new office on Chenal Parkway . 
I hope everyone is OK after the storms rolled through here last night . 
Tornadoes round 2 ! 
Here comes the hail ! 
is loving the sun ! Cold weather stay away ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all mother out there's 
Just had lunch with my good friends < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > at Tazaki's Greek Fare 
Drinking a couple of cold ones , throwing some sticks . 
Headed to < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding . Good luck girl , we love you !!!! 
Today I got my first butterfly attracted to my butterfly garden . Out of the window I spotted a Tiger Swallowtail feeding from the Cone flowers I planted last week . Unfortunately he flew away before I could get my camera outside . Hopefully he will tell all his friends about the new treats found in my garden this year . :) 
After many months , I feel like I finally got my emotional strength back . 
I have a family reunion today . It will be great seeing extended family I haven't seen in years . 
Enjoying the comforts of \working\ " from home . " 
Sitting at work on another boring conference call . Wish I was outside , I am WAY too hyper to enjoy sitting here ALL day . 
On tonight's run , the humidity absolutely killed me . I couldn't even run a mile without stopping and walking part of the way , much less my usual mile and a half . If anyone has any breathing techniques while running underwater , would be greatly appreciated . 
Had a blast last night at the Central High meet and greet last night ! Can't wait for the banquet tonight . 
Watching New < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait for Eclipse to come out in two weeks . 
It was great seeing everyone for the last two nights during the reunion . Sad it's over but had a blast ! can't wait to see everyone's pics ! 
Spending time with my son today watching movies and playing games . 
I've got my son for the next 6 weeks . :) We are hitting WRC one day this week , but I'm not sure which day I can break away from work just yet . 
Starting my workout . Will be done in one hour , then it's on to Last Comic Standing !!! 
is watching music videos on Youtube . 
Came home and the electricity is off . It's going to be a long night . 
Hanging with some good friends at < PROPMALE > Daddy's . 
Headed to Wild River Country . 
Today at WRC , some little kid took a duke in the wave pool . It was Caddy Shack all over again . 
is karaoking at Rock City Lounge tonight . Whoo hoo !!!! 
Tonight we are headed to a full < PROPFEMALE > pool party with BBQ . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s having a girls night out and I'm in hanging with my son . I think I got the better end of the deal . :-) 
Cleaning house . 
It's going to be a fun day . Headed to the shooting range with 8\ 
different rifles and pistols along with 2000 rounds . Targets beware . 
Due to work , we couldn't leave for our trip until 4 this afternoon and hit ALL the rush hour traffic . It was CRAZY ! Normally it takes 3 hours to get to Eureka , it took us 5 . Our GPS and Google map printout routed us the opposite way once we hit town , FRUSTRATING ! We stopped at a restaurant and got directions , they didn't know how to get here at first but finally figured it out and gave us directions . 
So here we were , driving in the dark trying to find our cabin in an area that is totally dark . We eventually found our cabin and now that we are here ... totally worth it ! Our cabin is totally secluded . Pictures to be posted tomorrow . 
What a beautiful day in the crisp mountain air . 
At Cajun's with some good friends . 
is baking a < PROPFEMALE > bar pie to take to < PROPFEMALE>'s house tonight . The pretzel crust just came out of the oven . 
\A guy and a girl can be just friends but at one point or another 
Awesome backdoor tackle ! Go Hogs !!! 
So close . :-( 
I just saw a commercial about a CatGenie which is a self cleaning litter box , that flushes and washes the permanent litter , so you never have to change or replace the litter ... ever . I wanted to know if anyone had experience with the CatGenie and how well it works before I bought one . 
wants to watch Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind . 
I'm in a two day training class and this instructor's voice is so monotone it's like being taught by < PROPMALE > Stein . Bueller ... bueller ... Somebody rescue me ! 
INBOX ONLY !!!!! Tell me something you've always wanted to say to me but never did it'll stay between me and you promise then put this as ur status and see what you get . 
Until seeking God is more important to us than breathing , we're not making the most of breathing ... 
After an 18 hour day , I'm finally headed home . Total exhaustion has set in . 
It's a beautiful day \ 
Don't let it get away \ 
\ 
Touch me \ 
Take me to that other place \ 
Teach me \ 
I know I'm not a hopeless case 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day Everyone !!!!!!!!!! Hope yall have a wonderful day :) 
~ Embrace your friendships ; they're your family by choice . 
Lovely day outside . It's warmer than it has been in months and the wind is blowing ! :-) 
To receive the wonderful healing power of love , wish others well even when things aren't going well for you . 
It's hard to believe that a 1 hour time change can kick my butt this much and make it so hard to go to bed and get up when I should . I hate Spring forward ! 
Almost done helping < PROPMALE > move . 
First went to Fugi Japanese Steakhouse , now at a birthday party and a bonfire with good friends . 
Couldn't ask for a better day . Tended my garden this morning , trimed all my bushes , enjoyed finally being outside without it being miserably cold . Now it's time to relax and watch movies . 
Looking forward to hitting Murry's Dinner Playhouse tonight with my peeps . 
Just got done with my dental cleaning and I've got an appt next Wednesday to have 3 fillings replaced . On the bright side , I'm replacing the black fillings , which I hate , with the white composite fillings . :-) 
After my workout this morning during lunch , I noticed my shirt smelled like the cologne I've been wearing . Funny , I forgot to put it on this morning . If my sweat is starting to smell like my cologne , does it mean I'm wearing it too often ? 
This is the same oil formula God gave to < PROPMALE > for the priests to sprinkle all over the Tent of Meeting and all the alters , and Ark and the Covenant and all the utensils daily . I now have a great appreciation of how good everything in the tent smelled ! I wish there was a scratch and sniff function from one computer to another so everyone can enjoy a sample of this scented oil ! 
We missed church one Sunday a few weeks ago , so we made our weekly tithe to TBN and got a free gift in the mail yesterday of scented anointing oil . I thought , OK , this is nice , but what to we do with it , oil is oil right ? But after opening the oil , it was like a sensory explosion ... it smells SOOOOOOOOO GOOD !!!!!!! I want to sprinkle it all over the house , forget the Glad plugins !!! 
I had such a strange dream last night . Funny things is , I don't remember anything about it except strange images . My head has been swimming ever since I got up and it's making me nauseous . Not sure what it means ... 
