Just did another show happy to be so tired ! 

I was just watching the Motown 25 < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > performance . I didnt realize how influential an impact MJ played in my life . For every song I could remember that stage and situation in my life . Long Live the < PROPMALE > ! Thanks for the theme music for generations 
I love when my kids get on my nerves . It reminds me that they love me that much . But its got me savoring that alone time , when they go to sleep . 
you can tell them youself theyll be up there next week . but I will give them a kiss and hug from you 
I've lost myself . To all my family and friends I miss you and I need you in my life . call me 6155683022 
just attended a great open mic last night at Buckwilds if you can spit or think you can and you're in Cashville come spit every thursday starting about 11 ! 
UMC batlles was wild tonight ! 
On my way to stage rehearsal for my show this sunday at San < PROPFIRST > on Harding Place in Nashville 
Great show at San < PROPFIRST > last nite . Getting ready for my next one on Sept 4 ! 
Its Monday ! Smile and thank God for blessing you with another day even if it is MONDAY 
Just finished some Bangas !!! Ima upload on myspace next week 
To all my family and friends Im finally back out of my cave . Just fiished recording my album about 4:30 this morning . Next engineering then to the streets . 
this dude playing me now I gotta go back and rerecord and make some new music free coipes to all my face book fam so let me know cuz itll be too late and youll have to pay the 5 . 
Check out some new hits by Stainless at ImStainless@myspace.com 
Still waiting for my songs trying not to take the violent approach . 
Stainles in the battlefield chipped sword tattered shield . Blast back at niggas just to show em that is real yeah I got the steel . Aint afraid to squeeze it . Bet they catch my meaning when they body start bleedin . 
I gotta show tonight 2.19 at union station downtown nashville it starts at 12 . I go on at 1:30 
I got a show 2.26 . SoundTherapy starts at 10 . 419 union st. between 4th and 5th in nashville . show up ! 
Got a show Frriday March 12th @ Sportspage downtown Nashville 419 UnionStreet 
I just uploaded new songs and videos on myspace Stainless Bankai@myspace.com 
Somewhere between heaven and hell God thoguht this a safe place to keep me . 
i think im ready to go somewhere else . Whats the point if people dont change 
sometimes I forget why even with all that going on and happened in my lifey I keep going . And then I look at my seeds 
they erase the heartache frustration and pain 
now that thats out the way ... To the world I knew the world I grew to realize Im not even an an aboriginal or descendant of ... You cool , but Fuck You 
just signed on for a really big mixtape ! Havent slept in over 2 days , again . I think Im . becoming more machine than man . Also to lil sis < PROPFEMALE > . I can relate and if u ever need an ear just call . I dont sleep . Call whenever 
just remembered that its not about you . Or me Its about us . The choices we make today decide our tomorrow . 
thank god for letting me wake up today . That a blessing too often overlooked . even when youre going through your worst , just be happy you're alive to go through it 
ok to any Cook family descendants if you recieve a friend request from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > accept thats < PROPFIRST > Son 
Im back and Im thirsty for more 
its all part of the game . you get focused they dont see you the same got my money right . hate got a face and a name . went to < PROPMALE > Goodman n got a k w a flame 45 and a mosburg to break thru your frame 
Back on the surface world 
im down and down is lower than i thought . i dont think ive ever been this sad b4 . or this kind of sad 
make me wanna apologize to all ive ever wronged 
the right way is not always the easy way 
to my facebook fam and fans Igotta show tomorrow nite downtown nashvikke at the sportspage 419 union st. Doors open at 9 show starts at 10:30 . Yo , showup and showout 
They said it wouldnt be televised , so I stay close to my computer . A revolutionary soldier who fighting for our future 
If you feel like no one loves you ... I do . Love each other . We're all we got 
facebook makes it easier for old girkfriends to stalk u . make sure u dont put too much info in or make it private . or els they will find u . also if got fb on ur phone make sure that info i marked private 
what is love ? and what has she done to me ? love just gave me nightmares . and now I feel sick to my stomach ... 
Gotta get my money right so I can get outta here . look for that Stainless To kill a < PROPMALE > coming soon just got my masters back right now . 
if u stand up for what right God got your back . so why would I back down ? 
To anyone who reads this : I love u like God loves you . unconditionally . love each other in the same way 
If God told u he was god . would u believe him ? 
Think green ? think u think me think us . think of the God we trust . think of how he touch the same ground make u . and now we rush to a mound of dust ... 
why is it when you say something that sounds impossible to everyone else . everyone wants you to believe its impossible too ? 
For all who dont believe me or believe in me ... I am moving to the orient in the next 3-5 years 
I think I starting to get tunnel vision . so focused on my goal I cant see anything else ... but I have so much to pay attention to . Gotta slow down and find my medium . 
If you woke up this morning ... then God has blessed you 
Shouldve gone to soundtherapy . Kcuf it , Ill be there 2morrow . maybe I can sneak on stage 
If u know my mother , then wish her a happy birthday . if u dont know my moms but read this on my wall ... then wish her a happy birthday ! 
I start chess not checkers this weekend . its got classics like hustlin backwards , wonder why bitch , and the evolution of the N.I.G.G.A. 
I miss the good ol days when in order to get the girk you had to b about something . now u just have to look the part . stop thinking with your eyes 
If u woke up this morning , then God already blessed u . with a new day , to change the things u didnt like about yesterday . so stop acting lik he doesnt hear ur prayers . after all , u couldve not woke up ... 
What happened to hip-hop ? Remember the Struggle , from the furious five ? How did we come so far ? 
What happened to hip-hop ? Remember the Struggle , from the furious five ? 
Why is R&B called hip-hop now ? Tre Songz cool . but he dont emcee , dj , break dance . Not even graffiti . 
Whoever says hip-hop not dead . is getting paid to say it 
If we all agree GOD is love . And we were created in GOD's image . Then arent WE love ? 
Was just think . We live in this world of convience now . Remember what it was like before . videogames cell phones and the internet . Before remote controls . when u had to get up to change the channel 
how is $20 worth more than a potatoe ? with a potatoe I can make baked mashed au gratin french fries chips twice baked . all I can do with $20 , is buy some potatoes 
Money only has value . because we give it value . whats the value of a life . better yet , whats the value of God breathing life into u . or ur parents loving each other long enough to make you ? 
Down with the dollar ! Put people 1st . 
This ones for u religious nuts . I mean zealots . It pertains to race too so it may scare some away . when it says we were created in the image of GOD . Its really saying we were creaed in the image of love . cuz GOD is \LOVE \"." 
So stop acting like God made the earyh for blacks or asians muslims or christians . Because he did it out of love . If u dont believe me read < PROPFIRST > 3:16 . for he so loved the world ... 
Because how many of us can sacrifice the one thing we < PROPFEMALE > above all else for anyone on this planet ? whether black white red brown or yellow . Most wouldnt even do it for fam let alone the world . GOD is love . were made in the image of love 
If only we acted out of love . you could see it too , like I do . God is LOVE . We are love . and LOVE is the only weapon for hate . Stainless 
I think Ima stop searching and let it find me 
You cant find your soulmate looking for your heart . You'll only find love when you look with your soul 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
Finishing Chess not Checkers revisted . look for show dates to follow soon . 
Blessing and prayers for < PROPFEMALE > and her fam . RIP < PROPFIRST > . Thanks for being a Man to my friend . And thank u God for the time u gave them . No matter how short it was . 
Stainless finally coming down off Mt . Sanai . Ill be performing down at SoundTherapy this weekend . At the sportspage 419 Union Street dwntwn Nashville 
thanks to soundtherapy . for the invite . it was good to share that nite with you 
Todays my baby < PROPFEMALE>'s Birhday Shes 9 
To all my challengers . u amatuers . with no breath control no stamina . smashin melon heads like my real name was gallagher . 
Finishing the recording for chess not checkers revisted and to kill a < PROPMALE > so look for those . then I got a collab album with M.A.X . and finally my 3rd solo . Based on a True Story . all of which will be available on soundscan and itunes . so stay tuned 
Why am I on facebook . cant find my old friends unless I know their last name . if u see me and recognize or just see me and think all yeah . hit me up 
Each day is a new day GOD gave us to try again . How will u make today different from yesterday . and tomorrow different from today ? everyday is a new < PROPMALE > to try it again . So thank God for today 
Im performing at soundtherapy tonight . dont know what Ima perfom yet . ButI know its gonna b a blast . 
Sometimes I forget I do my music for the love . to reinvent Hip-Hop again . so that its about the preservation and the future . That I do it for U . Thanks for giving me a reason . And being the reason . Peace Kings and Queens . Stainless . 
Im ready . so if u hesitating ... get out my way . To my bro OHBOY !!! I miss u bro . Stay alive . peace < PROPMALE > , Stainless 
I like sleep . too bad it dont like me 
Yo if u aint heard yet . Stainless and M.A.X working on a long awaited and participated collabo . SPY vs SPY 
Yo if u aint heard . Stainless and M.A.X have just started the long awaited and anticipated \ SPY vs SPY\ 
So MAny shows so many times 
Another show sunday sound therapy at the Home Plate 128 9th Ave Nashville 
Got another show this friday March 25th at undetons at te muse 
my oldest daja bday this wednesday March 23rd . So get her a gift or call and wish her the best 
Had a great time at soundtherapy sunday . Im told I killed . If u missed it Ill be at undertones this friday 3.25.11 . The floor above the muse . 
Thats Undertones this friday ! 3.25.11 above The Muse . @ 835 4th ave south Nashville , Tn 37210 . Show starts at 9:30 cpt 
4 hours of sleep . Why is it when Im sleep the whoe world wants to talk to me ? 
why cant I make a comment without having it scrutinized ? Everyhig I say or feel is better known as an opinion . 
Rehearsing for SoundTherapy tonight . They said go HAM so Im goin Hamburgular !!! Undertones 835 4th ave S . Nashville , Tn 37210 Starts@ 10 
... its evident where I been . I leave a massive disaster . Ur fans reporters and flashin cameras . My statement . It all came with aiming . Survival and < PROPFEMALE > . Detroit street training . Then \All hail the Stainless \"..." 
its almost showtime !!! 
I am asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has Diabetes . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it just for 1 hour ? Do it for all of us in memory of too many to mention and in honor of all fighting it . I hope to see this on all statuses today ! For my Mom and my brothers 
just waking up this afternoon gotta thank god . I got to take a nap in the afternoon 
Check out some of my new music at www.myspace.com/ImStainless 
Had a great time at sound therapy last night . Hope u guys had a blast 
Just left sound therapy . That mofo was dumped . thanks for the love and support . And remember Im coming ... 
I dont know why . but they've asked me to perform at soundtherapy this friday . if you'd like to find out too . show up ! 
