Woo Hoo ! Going to < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE>'s! ^-^ 

I took a break from facebook earlier today to watch cowboy bebop , the ENTIRE series . lol 
I'm on facebook ! ^-^ I told you I'd do it . 
Waiting for something amazing to happen ... 
Am I attractive ? Tell me people ! 
Watching all 3 mad < PROPMALE > movies on tv , post-apocalyptic austrailia is cool . 
I got all the food to survive the apocalypse . Ramen noodles , spam , pop tarts , cheez-its , pocky , and those caramel candies with the cream in the middle . Now I got to find a bunker to hide in . 
Going to a party ! =D 
What a party that was ! =D 
Make love AND war . 
That better have been an actual fire at school today ! I had to wait outside fo 30 minutes during one of my favorite classes ! If someone pulled the alarm I'll be extremely disappointed . Anyone know what happened ? 
? Inspire me , comrades !? lol 
Feeling a bit sick , might not go to school tommorow . DX 
Still sick . DX 
Godzilla impression = RAAAAWWWWWRRRR ! 
Fight the power . 
Yesterday a morning came , a smile upon your face . Caesar's palace , morning < PROPFEMALE > , silly human race , On a sailing ship to nowhere , leaving any place , If the summer change to winter , yours is no disgrace . Battleships confide in me and tell me where you are , Shining , flying , purple wolfhound , show me where you are , Lost in summer , morning , winter , travel very far , Lost in musing circumstances , that's just where you are 
Whoo hoo ! My band's meeting up today ! ^-^ 
I AM THE LAW ! 
Underground , overwater , outerspace . 
I should dye my hair red . And I'm not talking about < PROPFEMALE > red , I mean an unnatural red . 
LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN ! 
Getting my haircut today , then I'm either dying it red today or another day . 
I got my haircut . It's going to be dyed red by next weekend so watch out . lol 
The word \pants\ " is now an adjective . Is this pants or not ? " 
It's a full < PROPFEMALE > , all the creeps are out tonight . Time for an adventure . 
Nothing can ruin my day now , I'm having checkers for dinner . 
Getting my hair dyed red later ! =D 
Just got dye put in , waiting for it to set in . 
I got red hair now . Enjoy it kids . 
Let's go to space ! 
So bored ! DX 
PROTIP : If you put a bar of soap in a sock and repeatedly whack someone with it , it will NOT leave a bruise ..... but it would still hurt ALOT . 
I'm making ramen noodles , and nobody's gonna stop me ! muhahahaha ! 
Watching Fullmetal Alchemist and eating ramen noodles , I feel like such a weaboo . DX 
NACHOES ! 
I've got a bike , you could ride it if you like , It's got a basket and a < PROPFEMALE > that rings and things to make it look good . I'd give it to you if I could , but I borrowed it . 
WHO IS YOUR DADDY AND WHAT DOES HE DO ? 
I'm snowed in today . I really didn't expect THIS MUCH SNOW ! 
I sure hope there's school tomorrow . ( Seriously , I'm not even being sarcastic . ) 
No school tomorrow , I actually wanted to go . =( 
DON'T DELAY SCHOOL ! RELEASE THE SUPER SNOW-PLOWS ! 
Ladies and gentlemen , the < PROPFEMALE > canes have arrived ! 
All I want for Christmas is a giant styrofoam cube . ^-^ 
I'm going to sleep . ( I wonder what I'm getting tomorrow morning ! ^-^ ) 
< PROPFEMALE > X-MAS EVERYONE ! =D 
Well , I'm going to go eat some pumpkin pie . I'll be back . 
The cake was a lie ; but the pie was not . XD 
Workin ' on a bass solo . 
Lol , I was playing guitar hero 5 and I got 100% on \under pressure\ " by < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > bowie on vocals on expert difficulty . I'm awesome . =P " 
Free < PROPFEMALE > ? EVERYBODY GET IN THE < PROPFIRST > ! THE < PROPFEMALE > SHALL BE OURS ! 
I woke up this morning and no one was home . I looked out the widow and saw that it was snowing . MY FAMILY WAS STOLEN BY YETIS ! I still don't care . =P 
My dog just slapped me in the face . 
I'm gonna go to the photo gallery show thingy at the school in a few . 
So bored ..... need to chat .... 
I'm sick today . DX 
If I had alot of money , I'd build a really big multi-storied maze . That would be cool . 
< PROPFIRST > is a boring first name so I'm changing it to Akuji ( it means dead and awake lol ) . Thanks to akemi for finding it ! 
Eating chinese food . 
ROCK LOBSTER ! 
I'm going to save up my money and buy a Vespa S50 . Who wants to ride it with me when I eventually buy it ? 
But you won't fool the children of the revolution . 
This just in : It has been announced that the lizard < PROPMALE > CAN in fact , do anything . More news on this developing story at 5 . 
I'm getting ready to go camping later . 
Now I'm off to the place I'm camping at . I'll be back on sunday , unless I die of hypothermia . 
I'm back from camping ! and I didn't die of hyothermia ! 
I have the strangest feeling that tomorrow is going to be an awesome day . Don't ask why , it's just a very strong feeling . 
I'm not in school today because I am sick . Also , you have all just lost the game . 
Oh no , not me , I never lost control , you're face to face with the man who sold the world . 
Saw Avatar yesterday , awsome movie . I like the part when the general guy in the robot suit pulls out a knife after the gun is destroyed . I was like wtf ROBOTS HAVE KNIVES ? 
You can talk to me You can talk to me You can talk to me If you're lonely , you can talk to me Hey Bulldog 
Sharpies are superior to all other permanent markers . 
Make me a sammich ! 
I'm sorry filthy street vendor , I cannot buy that T-shirt , I only like New York as a friend . 
Welcome to the machine 
I don't understand nor care about football , but if my < PROPFIRST > win I get money so it's all good . 
The best part of the superbowl ( and the only part I watched ) was when The Who played during the halftime show . ^-^ 
The Who won the Superbowl ( or at least I hope they did , I betted all my money on them ) . 
NO SCHOOL TOMORROW ! 
So much snow .... 
2 hour delay tomorrow ! 
I actually wanted there to be school today , or at least a delay . 
was at Akemi's party yesterday . Feels like playing even more < PROPFIRST > AirRide . XD 
It's 11:57 , I'm getting a haircut tomorrow , and I have a pounding head ache . 
I want to ride a turtle into the sunset and carve your name into it's back . 
Got my hair cut today , I'll put up a picture tomorrow because I'm dying it again . 
is extremely bored . 
may or may not be an extraterrestrial . IT'S A CONSPIRACY ! 
breakfast of champions . 
It's the snow day nobody expected ! 
I spent pretty much all of my day watching Sgt . Frog . XD 
They're making a remake of Clash of The Titans , looks AWESOME ! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness ... 
Thanks everyone , I had an awesome birthday ! 
17 ! Ten more years ! ( no one's gonna get that joke lol ) 
I'm looking at the exclusive pokemon and I'm leaning towards silver . ( Ninetales , Meowth , Skarmory , and Groudon FTW ! plus you get Lugia earlier . ) 
saved Akemi from the mall last night . XD 
It's raining , new pokemon game coming out tomorrow , might as well stay inside and watch pokemon all day ! ;D 
has been playing pokemon for the next few hours , and will continue playing pokemon for the next few hours . ^-^ 
is going to school for some epic pokemon battles this morning . lol :) 
You are an unaccompanied minor sent into a world of naturally occurring beasts of every imaginable shape and size that want nothing more than to pick the flesh off your bones . By keeping your pets in < PROPFEMALE > , suffocating ball enclosures , you hope to make them mean enough to kill the monsters you will inevitably run into , thereby earning you Boy Scout-style merit badges . 
I caught Raikou today ! 
Gotta keep em ' seperated . 
Is going to I-con now to beat the lines , see ya there ! 
I-con was so amazing yesterday . I would like to thank the I-con staff for making it possible , my friends for making it awesome , and the new friends/fangirls I made at I-con for making it even more fun . ^-^ 
Today has been one of the greatest days of my life ! ^_^ <3 
Checkers has the best fries . 
Stand and deliver ! 
Are you aware that the monster mash was a graveyard smash ? 
JULEH ! <3 
Who wants to join me in my quest to COLONIZE THE < PROPFEMALE > !? 
Throughout time , there have been two universal languages . One is violence , and the other , music . Both beautiful in their own right , but music is something that more people are willing to partake in . 
Today your love , tomorrow the world . 
Laws are just words on paper . If everyone stops listening to them enforcing them would be futile . 
This is a LaserDisc ; There's a whole movie on it . 
is now accepting human sacrifices . You may now continue to worship me , peons . 
I was pacticing throwing my kunai knives in my backyard for TWO HOURS . I literally collapsed in exaustion . ( but I am getting very good at it ) XD 
The < PROPFIRST > Bowie original of \The Man Who Sold The World\ " is far superior to the Nirvana cover of the song . " 
The United States : The only country whose national holiday's only premise is \Blow stuff up \"." 
Et's ' eh bloody ' awful mess ! 
Weird white goo fell from the ceiling in the hallway . Ectoplasm ? 0_o 
“The joy of life consists in the exercise of one's energies , continual growth , constant change , the enjoyment of every new experience . To stop means simply to die . The eternal mistake of mankind is to set up an attainable ideal . ” - Aleister Crowley 
Anyone up for going to Mount Misery Road in Huntington to look for ghosts ? 
“I was not content to believe in a personal devil and serve him , in the ordinary sense of the word . I wanted to get hold of him personally and become his chief of staff . ”\ 
-Aliester Crowley 
is having fried chicken for breakfast . 
stands at the pinnacle of good taste . 
is going ghost hunting at mount misery road and sweet hollow road tonight . Expect spooky pictures . 
Weyland-Yutani is clearly making money doing something , or else they couldn't afford to build all of those ships and complexes the aliens always wind up chasing people around in . Just stick with whatever that is . It's like finding out BP is secretly trying to weaponize sharks at the expense of one exploding oil rig per quarter . 
I had a weird dream . It was really foggy outside and there were weird people in my house making pentagrams by tying sticks together . Then I let the dog inside the house and a huge river-like flock of crows flew over my house . Any interpretations ? 
Demystifying devious divinations of degraded dinosaur < PROPFEMALE > . 
Io Pan ! Io Pan ! 
Is going to the beach today . 
Random thought : Why do they sanitize the needles that they use for lethal injection ? 
was just at the flea market with < PROPMALE > Stripes Chambers , I showed off my extreme haggling skills . Also , < PROPMALE > got cursed by an Egyptian Gypsy . 
There was a police car across the street , so I watched it because I thought something cool would happen like a shootout or something . But after a few seconds the cop came out of the car , picked up a HUGE dead rat with a pair of grabby things , put it in the trunk and drove off . Suffolk County Police : Protecting our neighborhood from giant mutant rats . XD 
School starts tomorrow . I'm actually excited . 
Technically , summer isn't over until the 21st . Just sayin ' 
Lol , School starts today . 
Is currently constructing a post-apocalyptic Halloween costume . 
CAN YOU DIG IT ? 
My Halloween costume is complete ! 
THUNDERDOME ! TWO MEN ENTER , ONE MAN LEAVES ! 
Lol , Jehovah's witnesses came to my door . XD 
What if there are skeletons ....... INSIDE OF PEOPLE ! =O 
\In Scotland it is illegal to be drunk in a public place in possession of a crossbow . \ " \ 
I love having the ability to pull anything off . XD 
is devising devious devices of destruction for tomorrow's battle royale . 
Goin to the mall at 2 
today's forcast : cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of throwing knives . lol 
No school ! 
Chillin ' with < PROPFIRST > BROWN ! 
I'm in the zone , I feel like fighting a mountain lion . XD 
Finally got some nice polypropelene escrima sticks . They're pretty much indestructable . 
I fixed my computer . 
Ihop better be forking over their pancakes , or I'll be doling out the PAINCAKES ! lol 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dr9ifg9x_Xw 
Here at the Home for the Living Impaired , we put the \Fun\ " in Funeral ! XD " 
If MTV had a face , it would probally be the reason combat boots were invented . 
If MTV had a face , it would probably be the reason combat boots were invented . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9FISHEO3gsM 
