Yeah !!! school is out for the summer !!! 

is kinda bored . 
wants to know that every dad had a great fathers day ! =D 
just did a lot of stuff for my profile .. like I said- i'm bored 
just went to her first play rehersal for Seven Brides for Seven Brothers ! 
is SOOO happy that recital is over !!!! 
is wondering how come I dance all the time when relaxing and not doing anything is so nice .... oh right . I love dance ! 
My parents just created a Facebook for their store .... check it out ! 
is going to see Beauty and the Beast tonight .... and is UBER excited ! 
would like to congratulate EVERYONE in \Beauty and the Beast\ " ! It was absolutely FANTASTIC ! " 
wants to congratulate everyone in My Fair Lady- it was awesome ! 
is feeling TERRIBLE for < PROPFEMALE > - she can't dance on cruise !!!! =( 
Is so excited for Brigadoon- good luck to all who are in it ! 
misses 7B47B SOOOOOOOOOOOO much !!!!!!!! 
is wondering how her neice ( < PROPFEMALE > Sue-Faith Hagen- due in less than 2 weeks ! ) is gonna effect life . 
is going to footloose tonight and is REALLY EXCITED !!!! 
AHHHHHHH !!!! Footloose was AMAZING !!!!!!!!!! One of the most AWESOME things ever on a live stage ! 
just had an oreo milkshake made by my sister and her bf ..... it was good ... =D 
South Pacific opens in two days ... Everybody should come : its gonna be AWESOME ! 
< PROPFEMALE > SUE-FAITH HAGAN WAS BORN AT 1:07 THIS MORNING- 6 LBS 7 OZ , 18 IN LONG !!!!!!!!!!! SHE'S THE MOST ADORABLE THING IN THE WORLD !!!!!! 
is sad for summer almost over .... happy about cruise .... and confused about A LOT of things ..... 
ONLY 5 DAYS TILL IM IN MEXICO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAAAAAAY !!!!! 
decorating shirts for cruise ....... mine is actually pretty wicked !.... CRUISE IS IN 3 DAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I AM HOME AND SOOOOOOOOOOOO HAPPY !!!!!!!! even though i will miss the not having to do anything , or cleaning up after myself , of anything like that , i am happier than ANYTHING right now , and i dont even know why .... =) 
i got three shots today .... ow ... they hurt really bad .... im a little tired now .... they are all in the same spot on my arm too ..... OW ...... and i have dance tonight ... yaaaaay ..... =( 
calling all dance peeps : when are try outs ? 
Oh my god ! so , today , i go to the eye doctor with my sister and my mom and after the doctor finishes my exam , he tells me i am near sighted , and that i need glasses !! im like , are you kidding me !!!!! i get through 12 years of my life , glasses free , to have my streak broken right when i really care about things like that !?!? man .... < PROPFEMALE > sucks .... 
i get to see < PROPFEMALE > today ... hurray !!!!! 
tryouts are over ... thank GOD !.... first night at dance tonight .... ugggg ...... we do get to find out what lines we are in to night ...... which is good ...... send me good vibes for sr. tap line ! 
over at annelise's house .... I'm gonna help her set up a facebook ! 
...... wishing i was in KIK ...... REALLY sore from brigettes !....... the woman knows how to make ya sore !....... REALLY EXCITED FOR SUNDAY ; SR . TAP LINE , HERE I COME !!!!!!! 
ahh ! the weekend ! hooray ! sat . voice classes start tomorrow- yes ! 
I'm home sick today ... =( I had a 103 degree fever this morning ! Ahh ! Now its down to 98.6 which is great . Now I'm just trying to keep it down , and figure out a way to make my throat stop hurting ..... 
GRRRRR im still sick ! No more fever-thank god-but my throat is still sore , and my nose is stuffier than ever . I havnt left the house since wednesday . i havnt done and school work , my mom hasnt let me go to dance , and my mom wont even let me go to voice class tomorrow ! AHHHHHHHHHH ! 
IM NOT SICK ANYMORE !!!!! YESSSSSSSS ! Ahh , this is great . Dance , school , and being able to breathe through my nose ! All the things we take for granted ! 
did two tests today ..... have two more tomorrow ..... english , literature , math and scince .... yipee 
lyrical tonight .... YES ! hip hop , also tonight .... BEAST !! 
brrrrrr ... its so cold !!.... dance tonight .... i have a feeling that steph will kill us ... once again .... im already sore enough ! dont make me suffer more !! 
** ATTENTION !!! *** Do not accept a friend request from a < PROPFIRST > BUTTERFIELD and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > SMITH they are hackers . Tell every 1 on your list because if somebody on your list adds him , he'll be on your list too . He'll figure out ur computer's ID and address , so copy & pas ... te this message ... to everyone even if u don't care for them cause if he hacks them , he hacks you ! -- very important !! 
everyone wish < PROPFEMALE > good luck on her play tonight !! beast them all love !!!! wish i could be there !! 
I havn't showered since last year . 
hmmmmm ...... school , dance ....... same ol ' , same ol ' ..... 
wow ..... i really shouldnt be tired on a saturday night at 10 . 10 for gods sake . i go to bed later on school nights , and im not that tired then ... 
hey everyone ! so , some of you know that i am doing a cat food food drive for g.s. if you didnt , well you do now . sooo , bring your donations of cat/kitten food to my parents store ( mailbox of < PROPFEMALE > ) , the dance studio , the playhouse , or anyother place you see me , and help me help the cats at feline friends ! thanks ! p.s. also , buy cookies from me =D 
listening to phantom of the opera soundtrack , and waiting for tonight so i can hangout with < PROPFEMALE > ( one of my best friends ! ) , and babysit < PROPFEMALE > , my favorite 10 year old in the world !!!!!! XD 
oh no ! the new fb got to me !!!! ahhhh ! help ! 
ugggg .... im sick =( 
raaaaaaah ! my computer is acting up ! urgh .......... 
competition is this weekend ..... AHHHH ! wish us all luck !! >_< 
had a day of deep cleaning in my bedroom , and now < PROPFEMALE > is over , and we have been writing music ( well atempting too ) , dancing like retards , and thinking of making a band .... haha what we do when we get tired . someone please stop us before we do anything too insane . 
convention this weekend ! convention = hours of non stop dancing with bunch of girls you dont know , who are somtimes rude and pushy , and sometimes nice and funny . also equals sore legs and feet the next day , and lots of fun ! the seagulls downtown must be having a hayday .... they wont shutup 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head ... but we can raise awareness . :) 
back hurts , feet hurt , shoulders hurt , legs hurt ..... kinda feel like death ..... but loved convention anyway ! the things we do for dance .... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are , well ... you know . Even Newt Gingrich is on his 3rd marriage . Yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? REALLY ?!? Feel free to copy and paste if you agree . 
arts walk time ! :D 
I Love Dance this weekend ... AAAAHHHH ! nevous and excited .... this feeling is all too familiar .... wish us luck ! like this comment if you miss < PROPFEMALE > already ... like me =( 
leaving for I Love Dance ! AHHHHHHHH ! XD 
I Love Dance was great ! < PROPFEMALE>'s rocked ! tonight , i am volunteering at the girls night out downtown oly ! all girls are invited-shop , eat , win prizes , etc . hope you all bought your bags already ! im so excited ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is over .... < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and my mom are here ..... and < PROPFEMALE > just HAD to bring HER ..... no im just kidding !! i love my little-D ! 
pretty much all done with school for the year !!! yessss !! i plan to start my sumer reading soon , starting with huckleberry finn . 4gbg this weekend , and i couldnt be more excited ! 
4gbg last weekend was AWESOME ! as was syd's bday party , even though i now have a cut on my big toe because of the outside ground :( ah well . finished with msp ... it was kindof lame , i will be honest . it was really easy , and i feel as if they acciedently gave me the 4th grade one , rather than 7th grade , it was that easy . 
summer !! yesssss ! ahh , my birthday is in 25 days ! yaay ! suessical starts in ... 27 days ! great memories/friends/times , here i come . :) 
recital was great , and thank you everyone for the great birthday messages and memories you gave me this year !! suessical just started , and i couldnt be more excited ! auditions are tomorrow , which is frightening but exciting : wish me luck ! going to zumba tonight with my mom and < PROPFEMALE > ! yaaay !!! 
seussical went great today ... we got our parts ! i am now a proud bird girl/member of the ensamble . this is just another step towards a summer that will be grrreat !!! congrats to everyone for getting their parts , you were fantastic ! 
seussical and < PROPFEMALE > are going wonderfully ! dance is great , but now i am super sore . this weekend is sure to be fun , just like summer so far has ! < PROPFEMALE > ( my new little kitten ) is beating me up and not letting me sleep through the night , but i love her anyway ! 
seussical opens this thursday ! everyone neeeeeeds to come ! its epic ! its at spscc for 5 performances only ! make sure you come ! < PROPFEMALE > is opening next thursday , and will be just as fantastic , so come to that as well ! 
seussical is over =( but < PROPFEMALE > is starting so that will be good ! summer seems to be flying by wayyy to fast 
< PROPFEMALE > opens tonight ! its going to be so amazing , there arnt even words ! please come ! 
going to see the mikado tomorrow ! hopefully this weekend will be fun and relaxing ... one of the last weekends of the summer . :( lets make the most of it :) 
second night of try outs tonight ! so excited ! school , so far so great . just waiting for english ... kik starts tomorrow ! sooo exciting ! this year is sure to be freaking awesome :D 
tryouts were amazing ! so excited to find out what lines im in ! also , oly game tonight ! so excited ! so far , i really like this year :) 
just got my lines ! sr. hip hop crew , sr. tap line , teen jazz , teen lyrical , production and disneyland tour ! oh my god !! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! 
wow ... got advanced to 10th grade honors english ! holy cow ! also ... MY JAZZ LINE IS DANCING TO FORTUNE FAVORS THE BRAVE !! one of my favorite songs from < PROPFEMALE > ! ahhh ! < PROPFEMALE > excited , its gonna be AMAZING ! 
going to sourthern cali tomorrow with the deLeons ! so excited !!! heat , beaches , and USC , here i come ! XD 
Dear parents : please get better ! Dear Will : even though I never met you , R.I.P. You're in my prayers . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
is performing tomorrow night at the Union Gospel Mission's Dentist's go Broadway ! It's a great fundraiser for people who can't afford dental care ! Get your tickets now , cause there are still some left ! Saturday night , Washington Center , 7 ' o clock . Hope to see you there ! 
finds it very sad that my 10th grade honors enlgish class finds the need to tell it's students to not use acronyms and \tex t-t alk\ " when writing their essays ... " 
Always remember that you are completely unique . Just like everyone else . :) 
How is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
My Uncle is going home :( \ 
However , I have come to the conclusion that my uncle is , in fact , a turtle . We love you , Uncle < PROPFIRST > . <3 
My sister has the best man voice ever . 
Thank you , Mr. Obama , for providing me quotes for my English paper . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you have been affected by , or know someone who has been affected by , a person who needs a smack upside the head . Lets raise awareness . 
Sodapop :D 
Laughter : The uncontrollable spasm your body creates when it feels good . 
Holy moly ! Competition tomorrow night ! Is it any surprise that I'm slightly terrified ? 
Time flies like an arrow ... And fruit flies like a banana . 
Are you wearing red ? 
Anyone down to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
One word : Exhausted 
When life gives you snow , make mexican food . 
C'mon , Blazers ! 
\I want the snowfall kind of love 
\The older you get 
It is < PROPFEMALE > McGee ' s birthday ! Everyone send her good wishes and things ! 
