Bored out of my mind because it is election day and i have no school 

is mad at taylors mom for not letting us go to the movies tonight oh well new < PROPFEMALE > comes out in two weeks so i'm happy . 
going to work . on my birthday oh well . went to see new < PROPFEMALE > last night . BEST MOVIE EVER !!!!! 
Is so freaking tired of school . tired of caring about homewrok and losing my homework . Somebody tell me it gets easier 
< PROPFIRST>'s dog died and now i'm sad 
just fing out that i knew somebody that rides my bus that i didn't know i knew 
waiting for my family to artrive so i can eat the turkey 
cold and bored 
Having bloody steaks for dinner yes !!!!! got to have my blood !!!!!!!!!!!!! no i am not a vampire . 
padded room here i come !!! i'm serious i am going to crazy 
want to go to church but can't because of the snow . i am literally locked in on my street 
RUBBER ROOM !!!!!!! and wizards101 
Happy because i found ouy that i get to go to the ruritan camp this year !! It will be my first going as vice president aof ruri-teen though . 
Sickand tired of people lying to me !! Oh well ! WEnt to walmart today and got NEW < PROPFEMALE > . I am so happy i have already watched it twice , 
can't wait til tomorrow to play softball with one of bfffffffffab 
Bored out of my mind because there is nothing to do today because i < PROPMALE > have jilts 
Finished my book I am so happy and sad at the same time oh well . Mad at some people but what else is new . 
I GET TO GO SEE PARAMORE IN CONSERT . The week before i'll be on a cruise . then i get back and the next day i leave to go bck to < PROPFEMALE > to see paramoreYAYAYAYAYAYA !!!! 
I GET TO GO SEE PARAMORE IN CONSERT !!! i will be on a cruise the week before then after that the next day i go back to < PROPFEMALE > for the consert . 
you know i don't even know how i feel 
Sick and tired of people making me out to be dumber than i really am 
I can't wait till monday got plans with jilts . then on tuesday i have a very good book coming out . 
Finished another book and am tryng to figure out y schedule for softball . Relay was fun saw alot of people and < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > luv y'all 
just got done making pancakes for mothers day . they are a pain to clean up . but they were good . going to study for history < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . 
bored wopnderin if we have softball practice tonight . 
two hour delays suck . i don't know what to do . Forany twilight fans watch prah today to see < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Dokota fanning . And i would like to wish < PROPFIRST > pattinson a very happy 24th birthday !!!!!!!!!!! 
Why ? just finished my favorite show for the season . i didn't like it . it made me cry .!!!!!!!!!!!! 
im at my besties having fun n drinking root beer wthout the root lol jk 
going to swaders tonight to play putput 
Just finshed getting my little sister's stuff ready for jilts on monday Yeah !!!!!!!!!!! 
just got back from the carnival . now i am bored and waiting for the phone to ring . 
only one perwson called me this week kinda depressing 
skipping not that it counts today but tired as crap 
my little sister came and < PROPMALE > out with me today it was fun . helped her memorize her stuff for monday . 
i wish people who dont know you would stop talking to you like they do . they nned to grow up and stop cussing at peopple they don't know . ( Mckenna ) and also loving your friends isn't bad 
my cat attacked , me ouch 
none of the jills have called except for < PROPFEMALE > . You rock < PROPFEMALE > . 
I am so bored being at school at least gave me something to do . Teo weeks til i go stay with < PROPFIRST > and go to camp . 
Home again . went with my family to the lake . Go golf carts that i forget to turn on . 
i forgot to say it yesterday so here it goes Happy father's day and Happy 109th birthday < PROPFIRST > 
trying to decide what to with my hair but nothin is coming so oh well 
i am so bored wish it was July . Bermuda 
I HATE REMEMBER ME . why does he have to die . poor Robert :( 
going to my nieces birthday party l8er . Happy 12th birthday < PROPFIRST > . 
Been up for a whole 32 and a half hours and still runnin . < PROPFIRST > left earlier but we had a fun night . :) 
Having a meeting at my house tonight . Yeah my little sister is coming to < PROPFEMALE > out with me later . 
Getting ready to take my little sister home . Why can't some relationships be easy !? 
I wish school was in . I miss all of my homies . Mad at my mom because she wouldn't let me go to the mall to < PROPFEMALE > out with some of my friends . Grrrrrrrrrrrrr . :( 
My < PROPFEMALE > hurt me agian . she scratched my lip because i picked her up . sometimes i wonder what my mom saw in that cat . Big day tomorrow Eclipse YEAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I saw Eclipse earlier and it the best movie EVER !!!!!!!!! It was epic . TEAM < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!! 
Just got back from my softball banquet . i will miss not playing next year i ahte being fifteen . Sike i get to take my learners test Friday . 
Taking my learners permit test tomorrow studying tonight . Hope i passs i want to be behind the wheel 
I DID IT !!! I OASSED THE TEST ! i have my learners permit now . 
Getting ready to go to Taylors then to camp . five hour car ride Y EAH FOR BOOKS .!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just got back from camp and it was funn . 
Jilts at my house on Monday . POOL PARTY !!!!!! 
Getting ready to start packing again to go on a cruise for five days in bermuda with < PROPFIRST > of course . Got to buy books for the ride to Baltimore and back and for what time we have to read on the cruise . 
Teaching myself to write left handed so people can read what i write 
my gum hurts my wisdom tooth is coming in finally . 
Going to do laundry and ack for the cruise with < PROPFIRST > . 
Goin to Taylors later then leavin tomorrow mornin 4 baltimore then off to burmuda 
goin to Taylors later then to baltimore tomorrow then to Bermuda 
Just got back from the cruise it was awesome but i am soooo glad to be back home where i can communicate better . 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrr .... i fell like a retard for just realizing that ppl r confusing 
Angry because ppl like to lie to me thinking they wont get caught 
Grrrrrrrrr .... i will find the truth even if it kills me . is it me or is my house rocking . 
i want my camera back 
i'm going to see paramore tomorrow YEAH !!! have to get up at 8:00 am though ugg but after sleeping all day today it should be fine 
I am at the most awesome . Concert . Ever I love paramore and mu sister < PROPFEMALE > for taking me 
Going to the Baltimore Aquarium today and possibly getting my second hole finally . I LOVE PARAMORE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
so wish i could go see paramore again they were amazing mom just signed herslef up for seeing them every time they play in norfolk 
going to practice driving in about 20 mins finally 
Pretty Little Liars is starting and i am on facebook wat am i thinking ? 
my niece has passed out on me watching degrassi . Grrr . soooooo bored 
got to go babysit in a little while grrr hopefully it wont be long 
i want to go back to school 
Big storms comin our way . Grrrr 
i am sooooo bored but my little sister from jilts might be coming to stay the night so we can go to the carwash tomorrow 
Hate August wish it were september already 
just got back from a jilts meeting . can't wait for the senior farewell party next week . 
i am forced with a hard decision and i dont know what i want 
< PROPFEMALE > if u dont geton in the next five mins i will come hunt u down in texas 
every1 wants too much from i can't be in three places at once 
Grrrr ... i finally found my converse only to find out they dont nake them anymore 
no one gets why i want to see vampires suck . has anyone ever heard of \Kno thy enemy \"" 
Nic < PROPMALE > told me to tell everyone that he and < PROPFEMALE > are back together 
Finally my first day outfit is complete . everything is perfect 
I hate Taylors mouse it does crazy things . anyways i a m ready to go back to school . Tomorrow i have to make melon balls then friday i have to wash windows and saturday i have to get dressed up . 
me and < PROPFIRST > r trying to learn russian . It is not working very well . they have weird lettering . i will stick to spanish . i know that p = r . 
just got back from polishing silver and my hands hurt . oh well tomorrow have to was windows 
Home again finally cant wait to go to sleep 
< PROPFEMALE > won answer her phone and rthen she turned it off oh wel i just anted her to come simming 
bored !!!!!!!!!!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > wont anser her phone . 
ppl r weird 
Grrr . went to see Vampires Suck yesterday now there is nothing to do 
so confused everbody wants me to do something different . I don't know which way to go . 
i always screw things up but only time will show how bad i screwed up this time . 
Sometimes i wish things could be done easier , but then i think , what would have shaped us into who we are if we didn't do some of the things we did . 
i am soooooooo happy tomorrow i am going to see my beloved sisters and spend the night with my non biological sister yeah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i am soooooooo happy tomorrow i am going to see my beloved sisters and spend the night with my non biological sister yeah !!!!!!!!!!! 
Just found out that my ex would have been an abusive person if i had satyed with him . Glad i found out before hand . Thnx < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! 
Grrrr .... i want to go back to sleep but i am wide awake now . I don't know what to do . 
there is nothin to do 
going to the doctors later . Ca't wait to see what they have to say . 
Just took a walk wih < PROPFEMALE > . also had five vials of blood taken from my arm earlier Grrr .. i miss my blood 
i am so bored there is nothing to do HELP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i am going to Busch Gardens tomorrow .... yeah grrr . i wish Will would go away for good 
went to Bucsh Gardens now sayin < PROPFIRST > is god at eatin 
my blister hurts the sad part is it was my ols shoes that gave me the blister 
JILTS tonight elections YEAH !!!!! 
Jus found out that i got into the medical class i wanted to take i am so excited about school now . 
Bus Routes are finally posted . Our street is goping back to my old elementary school . I am still riding Mrs. T's bus darn it . but on the positive side at least i can still ride with my friends 
all 87 of my silly bandz are gone i have no idea what happened to them 
well what can i say it is almost time for school , but summer was fun 
going shopping in a couple minutes to get my Aphrodite boots . YES !!!. other then that there is nothing going on today 
i soooooo can't wait for school 
School tomorrow School tomorrow so ready to go back . 
i am sooo mad . everybody else gets to know their schedule but i can't access my < PROPFEMALE > portal grrrrrrr 
the first day was amazing have classes with all of my friends . i am sooo glad to finally be back in school 
my legs hurt from all the walking i do every night now grrr 
School is going good wish the weekend would come so i could sleep though . 
went to nikkis open hous and saw Mr. Ninja ( Mr. Rowe ) i miss clements ..... oh well 
When i left the game we were winning 22 to 15 . GO PG !!!!!!!!!!! 
there is abosultely notng to do or be excited for anymore everything is already done . 
Vampire Diaries comin on in about an hour and a half can't wait . 
a lot of stuff went downlast night at the football game . i realized something about myself that i didn't know was wrong very sad face !!!!! 
GGGrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ............................................. 
this math mental exercise seems easier then the other one 
Can't wait for tomorrow . things r going to happen 
Things went great today .... went to the humane society and wanted to get a little black cat ... and name it midnight 
i went runnigin the rain and i was fuuun . hoping tomorrow will be a good day and no fights will break out and tht every1 will remain calm 
i am sooooooooooooo pissed right now everyone wants me to believe them 
my sissy is with me and i am using her compuer which i love the keyboard is all spread out man 
scared a little but hey watver life will go on and watver happens ...... happens i just hope what i did was worth it 
there is nothing to do and nobody talk to 
going to skool tomorrow yuckish !!!!!!!!! 
Going to the football game < PROPMALE > GEOREG ~ !!!!!! 
The dance was awesome but it made my feet hurt going to get some water then off to bed 
There is wayyy to dram going on i didn't know our lives were theatre class . :( 
There is nothing to do !!!!!! 
lately i dont know who i am or what i want to do in the future . i need to take time for myself 
HACKED !!!!!! lol jk it bes < PROPFEMALE > i love yous < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
heyyyyyyyyy PPL 
it is a miracle < PROPFEMALE > said she was full 
took the psat it seemed easy enough probably means i failed oh well guess we'll see in December 
watching an anim with < PROPFEMALE > 
Getting ready to go to the game maybe mommy will let me drive there . 
Just found out some amazing news for those few who knew what was going on i am happy if tht says anything for ya . 
I hate being sick there is nothing to do during the dy when everybdy else is at school , :( 
going back to school tomorrow 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!!!!!!!!!!! Today is going to be so much fun and i don't know why 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with my sister i love you Cadet Blount !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am going to start cleaning my room more often i just found a twenty on my floor an < PROPFEMALE > found my < PROPFEMALE > ring . 
My show did not end well .... i am sooo pissed now 
Wish the burn books would stop . it is extremely stupid and immature . not to mention it is cyber bullying . 
My 16th birthday is in a week and i cant wait . 
Why is everyone so tired today . i think it is becuz we get report cards tomorrow 
why doesnt anybody like to get on when i am on anymore . There is no one to tlk to . 
I got my 2nd hole in my ear today !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > won't answer me and i really need to talk to her :( 
Tomorrow is my birthday and i am soooo excited 
Thank you guys today was a wonderful day had El Nopal with my sister Cadet Blount . 
I'm getting a cell phone tomorrow from my big sissy . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . 
I wish sissy would hurry up and get off work so we can go get my phone 
Hope everyone had a great turkey day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i got my phone now i need ur < PROPFIRST > 
hey guys forgot to mention tht if u want my new cell number it is on my profile now just send me a message letting me know who it is 
My christmas shopping is finally over 
type your name : < PROPFEMALE > Harsh\ 
with you elbow : ; paameslA bhArsh\ 
with your nose : pmela harsh\ 
with your eyes closed : pame ; a harsh\ 
Copy this status , delete my answers , see how uu do and don't erase mistakes 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody . Hope you all got what you wanted . 
My ipod has completely died on me no music for awhile :( 
I bet NOBODY can answer these questions about me O= \ 
1 . Full Name :\ 
2 . Date Of Birth :\ 
3 . Nationality :\ 
4 . Fave Color :\ 
... 5 . Fave Drink :\ 
6 . Nickname :\ 
7 . Best Friendss :\ 
8 . Fave holiday :\ 
9 . Fave season :\ 
10 . Fave animal :\ 
put this on ur profile and see how many ppl know you :D 
I hate history projects !!!!!! Oh well gots to get it done now tlk to yall latet 
I hate being sick yet i always seem to be getting sick or breaking bones it doesn't seem fair to me but i guess i have to learn with it . the good news is tht i get to < PROPFEMALE > out wit < PROPFEMALE > today since we are both sick . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is aslo sick our whole group is sick today . grrrr ... 
feel the same as i did this morning probably not going to school tomorrow either :( 
Going to the doctors tomorrow so no school again .... i am going to have < PROPFEMALE > much make up work it isn't funny . :/ 
going to the doctors hopefully i will find out whats wrong with me 
Going back to school tomorrow , though i don't why since tomorrow is Friday . 
Steelers are going to superbowl !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
All i want is to be told the truth is tht really too much to ask for ? 
Got to < PROPFEMALE > out with the most amazing guy ever !!! I love you Guy 
Go Steelers hope they kick butt tonite :) 
Tomorrow is going to be epic ! 
its nice outside but there is nothing to do 
Can't wait to go to school tomorrow so i can see Guy ... it was a long weekend 
I hate that we aren't allowed to hug each other at school 
I got an admission from < PROPFEMALE > 
field trip tomorrow can't wait to get of school even if it is only for the day :) 
Cherries !!!!!!!!!!!!!! haha i love him soooooooooooooo much ! :) 
Only one more thing left then i will be done with this ib personal project !!!!! 
at a yard sale waiting for lunch to come ...... and a happy for months to me and Guy <3 
