still thinks that guacamole is better on a sandwich than strait up avocado . 

just got my SAT back and made a 2000 . 
RIP MJ . You may have been a weird guy , but you had awesome music . And you should have stayed black . Either way , you will be missed . In other news , i made a 2000 on my SAT . 
has work today from 1:30 to 5:30 . Happy 4th of July ... 
LAST WEEK OF SUMMER SKOOL !!!!!! 
hmmm . the world is going to pot around us and all we as americans can concern ourselves with is the death of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett , and < PROPFIRST > Mayes ????? Pathetic . 
is just really bored . 
Is walking down Presidential Classroom Memory Blvd . and missing it all . I can't wait until i go to DC later this summer . Its time to go back home ... 
Got a 4 on both my AP English and AP History tests !!! 
* tear * just realized that one year ago this week , i was at PC having the time of my life . Reminiscing can be such a bitch . 
cheated on Locks with Whitefish ... And ya know what ? I don't care cause it felt good . 
God . I wish my dad would stop flipping out about college . 
HAHAHA . for all you < PROPMALE > potter fans out there , Make sure to guard your wand from Hogwarts when entering her Chamber of Secrets . God , i wonder how much hate mail im gonna get for this one ... 
so i got < PROPMALE > red a little earlier today and decided to copy all of my music from my main < PROPMALE > to my mac < PROPMALE > ok . Used a cable and took like 10 minutes . Only thing is i copied it wrong . Tried to open all the files on the mac < PROPMALE > ok . that happened 3 hours ago . Not < PROPMALE > 
IS IN DC !!!! i be looking at colleges foo .... God i need to change my profile pic ... 
Is in Boston looking at colleges . Tufts down . BC and BU left . 
DONE WITH BOSTON COLLEGES !!!!! Tomorrow is tourist day and so is part of Sunday- maybe . The rest of Sunday is a secret ... 
Hit Little Italy and the Boston Commons today . Mikes Pastries on Hanover is great . Not too big into canolis though , but the Daily Catch across the street was amazing . 
be driving to Maine tomorrow to look at Bowdoin . 2 hours to go to a different state ?!?!?! im used to 2 hours to only go to a different freakin city ... 
Got his taste buds < PROPMALE > raped by some terrible food in Brunswick , ME . Word to the wise , NEVER GO TO FREAKIN CAPTAIN < PROPMALE>'s BY THE USN AIR BASE IN BRUNSWICK !!!! gawd 
is in Maine now . Looking at bowdoin college today . yay . then heading home tomorrow . FREAKIN HELL NO !!!! 
Took a shower and now i smell like coconut ??? 
Im on a plane aaaand its going fast aaaand i got an aerial seeatbelt made in Iran . I'm the < PROPMALE > of the world on a plane like < PROPFIRST > , if you on the ground then you sho not meyo ... 
Is home after a 12 day tour of east coast colleges . 
wisdom teeth tomorrow . 
i look like a chipmunk . The only question now is which one ? Chip ? or < PROPFIRST > ? 
is finally working on my summer reading essay . It's due on wednesday . Yay for procrastination . 
School starts tomorrow . lame . 
be going to six flags tomorrow . woot !! 
is most definitely gonna get WET 
SAVE PRESIDENTIAL CLASSROOM !!!!!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3FfS5FTah4 
is frustrated by the origin of Judaism . It's the one of few religions whose founding can't be traced historically . 
be applying to Claremont McKenna College tomorrow !!!!!!! and on a side note , Hillsdale and < PROPFEMALE > in San < PROPFIRST > as well ... 10 bucks to whoever guesses which one i most want to go to ... 
CMC IS IN !!!!! WOOOOOOOT 
reading Dracula while listening to 10,000 Days by Tool is amazing . 
is so glad it's thanksgiving break 
Il est jour des douloere et soffrance a la magazine des mes parents . Pardon mon pauvre francais . 
Two things . Happy/Sad/However you wanna say it- < PROPFEMALE > Harbor Day . Number two . Try reading Dracula while listening to Tool's 10,000 Days album . It's eerily fitting ... and 100% awesome . 
OMFG !!!!! DRACULA JUST BIT < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! HELL NO ! 
sent off my app to Princeton . Only got Bowdoin and Pomona left . 
ahhh exams ... 
If Shenmue 3 < PROPFEMALE > comes out , I'm gonna be waiting at a freaking store for weeks on end just to buy it . Don't know what I'm talking about ? look it up . Best game of all time 
just got back from the midnight showing of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Avatar . OFFICIAL BEST DAMN MOVIE OF THE YEAR !!!!! 
Ever notice how the music we listen to seems to , in part , define our lives ? Think about it ... 
Xmas in 2 days . 
Hello 2011 , so long 2010 ! 
hmmmm . Moving in Stereo by The Cars is stuck in my head . odd ... 
Woot . Im legal for the Draft now . Yaaaaay !!!!!! 
Woot . I'm legal for the Draft now . Yaaaaay !!!!!! in other news , im gonna learn the sax solo for \Turn The Page\ " - < PROPMALE > Seger " 
Still legal for the Draft , but now i know how to play the solos from \turn the page\ " and \ " baker street\ " on my sax . " 
be wearing my fedora and lookin fly 
Got accepted into < PROPFEMALE > University . Now I just have to wait for all the rest of em . 
is back in < PROPFIRST > after a killer weekend in San < PROPFIRST > spent with the < PROPFEMALE > and the amazing AFROTC guys . Best weekend in 10 years . 
Just got accepted to Hillsdale College in Michigan . 
super bowl and hw at the same time . ugh 
hmmm . Super Bowl or homework ...? 
GO SAINTS !!!!!! 
SNOW !!!!! 
\OUR ARROWS ... WILL BLOT OUT THE SUN ! \ " \ " Then we will fight in the shade . \"" 
is fighting in the shade . 
\I made it a practice to never experiment on a species whose members knew calculus . \"" 
got a 1 in TAPPS solo and ensemble and is now moving on to State . WOOT !!! 
just finished interviewing with Princeton . 
so many songs are based on the idea of teenage angst . Why is it that we as teenagers are so eager to embrace the darker recesses of humanity ? 
1 day until the Ball and im swamped with jsl crap and more homework than i can imagine . Yes , even 2 days before Springbreak . 
SPRINGBREAK !!!! 
So the new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ? It's Narnia ... on lsd . 
looking for a life-guarding job . any suggestions ? 
can't have the sci-fi without the artificial gravity ... 
CURSE YOU DAYLIGHT SAVING'S TIME !!!! 
Got accepted into Rhodes College . CMC is next Wednesday . Can't really breathe until then . 
hahaha . Today , i got the results back from a school-wide compatibility test . According to it , im not compatible with anyone at my school . Figures . 
Blue wizard need < PROPFEMALE > . * Red warrior hands him some green beer * 
Come on you sons of bitches ! You wanna live forever ?!?!?! 
is going insane waiting for Wednesday . 
only 3 more days till i hear back from number one . The suspense is killing me . 
Welcome to the USSA . Just guess what it stands for . 
T-Minus 24 hours . 
bleh 
hearing from princeton in a week . Hope this goes better than cmc . 
Battlefield Bad Company 2 > Modern Warfare 2 
BOINK ! 
hears back from princeton on thursday . 
whatever happened to MC Hammer ? 
Princeton tomorrow ... 
Cascarona wars !!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > 
sins of a solar empire = freaking awesome 
Got a 1 on his TAPPS state solo . WOOT !!!! 
The inherent flaw in the American Democracy is the constant internal fight between two extremes ; the democratic extreme of one to one representation , ultimately resulting in a marxist state where the individual owns the government ; and the republican extreme of \x\ " to one representation ultimately resulting in a totalitarian state where one man controls the government . " 
Band trip to Memphis !!!!! 
Back from Memphis and tired as hell . 
I have come to believe that Politics is simply the detrimental application of beneficial philosophies . 
roller coasters are a perfect example of relative physics . 
one more day of school . then AP's ... 
AP calculus today . if i don't make it out alive ... Everyone gets all of my possessions but they have to fight to the death for them . 
MAH !!! AP Physics today . 
dear god . AP Physics was awful ... 
SCHOOOOOOOOLS OUT ...... FOR .... SUMMER !!!!! 
I can honestly say that my love for history spawned from a < PROPFEMALE > to see boobs . Thanks National Geographic ! 
No law ever written is as powerful as cold steel . 
Is graduating in a few . 
has left the building . Thanks everybody and good night . 
Is stil alive . Thanks glados !! 
Is learning to spin a butterfly knife open and getting good at it . 
Is in < PROPFIRST > to watch the Rangers game tonight . Three roots for the home team !! 
Rangers vs . Orioles . 21 rows above home and in the goddamn center . Hellez yea !!!! 
Rangers won 13 to 7 . 
So we got three Americans who have been jailed in Iran for the past year for hiking on the border and we do nothing to help them . Sounds familiar . See Iranian hostage crisis . 
Just finished watching Hook and now I wish I were < PROPFIRST > Pan . 
It's official ... my dog looks like Knuckles the Echidna 
Get on my horse and i'll take you round the universe 
Be guarding at the pool . 
be not guarding at the pool 
Just finished half life 2 episode 2 . God that was sad . 
Be hitting the trail foo ! 
I saw a deer on the trail foo !!! 
bed and then running with < PROPMALE > in the morning 
Be preping the food for the pizza tomorrow night 
made pizza tonight for some of his bros from the pool . Turned out amazing if i do say so myself ... 
Sigh ... Another lonely Monday night ... 
guarding from 1:30 to 4:30 
I think we can put our differences behind us you monster . 
Finally got my new macbook pro running the way I want it to . Took one short Fathers day to mess it up and one long day of comp work to fix it . 
Be living it up at the hotel california 
what is this ? Parents get pissed off at < PROPMALE > for no apparent reason day ? 
went running with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and a couple of girls , then swimming and breakfast . FIFA party next and then lifeguarding . all in all a fun day 
Im getting better . 500 yard swim today and it took me like 11 minutes . 
i can feel my man points draining away as i sit here and seriously consider watching twilight tomorrow night ... 
sometimes I wonder if anyone actually enjoys my company or if I'm just sort of like the elephant in the room . 
meh . The last airbender was a fail . 
I pose to you an interesting conundrum . What happens to a lactose intolerant woman when she's pregnant ? 
Happy 4th everyone ! 
My name is Guybrush Threepwood . Mighty pirate ! 
ARGG ! DAMN YOU SWIMMERS EAR !!! 
100 degree fever . Sore throat . Throbbing head . And pain in my ears . I hate being sick ! 
Monkey Island 2 is by far one of the best games ever created . the subsequent 3 sequels to it , while still good , lack that mysterious something that made the 2nd game so great . 
It's official . Bongos make everything sound like a spy movie . The good kind . Like from the 60's and 70's . And that's a good thing . 
5 on ap lit/comp . And a 3 on physics and calculus . 
so if a wood < PROPMALE > could < PROPMALE > wood , and a wood < PROPMALE > would < PROPMALE > wood , how much wood should a wood < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? 
Jesus . Some kid decided that the pool was a great place for diarrhea . My dreams will be haunted for the next few days ... 
Spin a top ! I'm dreaming ... 
The answer to the light-speed limit problem is quite simple . In order to travel faster than the speed of light , one must cease to exist in the physical sense so that you are no longer bound by the law of physics . 
The sorcerers apprentice was probably the best Disney movie I've seen since the original pirates of the Caribbean 
Yes , I am a physics nerd . If every molecule vibrates , creating what we know as heat or energy , that means that every molecule gives off a certain frequency , associated with that vibration . Theoretically then it should be possible to determine a certain frequency associated with a certain molecule that may be able to entirely convert that molecule's mass into energy . Say hello to travel at the speed of light . 
So as a tribute to my nerdness , I'm already planning on doing some offbeat retro game character for halloween . The only question is Guybrush Threepwood from Monkey Island 2 or Jazz Jackrabbit ... 
Yo < PROPFEMALE > people . I finished my homework . What topic did you guys choose ? 
Atomic sushi and grill restaurant . Does that mean they fly in fish from Nagasaki daily ? 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan ( 24 ) gets her name and face all over the news because she went to jail . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ( 23 ) , < PROPFIRST > Lindey ( 29 ) , < PROPMALE > Weikert ( 29 ) , Justus Bartett ( 27 ) , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( 21 ) , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( 21 ) , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( 26 ) , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( 21 ) , < PROPMALE > Fischer ( 24 ) , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( 23 ) , < PROPFIRST > Goeke ( 23 ) , < PROPMALE > Tate ( 27 ) and Demarco Marinaccio ( 23 ) all gave their lives for you this week . Honor THEM and repost this . 
Hell . It's about time ... 
I do believe that I am over 9000 . 
... aaaaand I'm tired . 
cleaning out my closet while nerding out to the starcraft 2 soundtrack . Not quite sure if this is actually making it better or worse .... 
Ya want a piece of me boy ? 
Easy Tychus . This ain't science fiction . 
Be ziplining foo !!! 
Here's lookin at you kid . 
10 hour day at the pool 
Here's looking at you kid . 
< PROPFIRST > Collings is awesome ! 
Aaaaand I just got fb jacked . Lovely ... 
If you don't get on that plane you'll regret it . Maybe not today . Maybe not tomorrow . But someday . 
So I think I may have realized what my problem is when it comes to women . I'm so secretly afraid of doing something wrong that I end up not doing anything at all and hacking ppl off in the process . 
Bending space to travel from x to y would have the same effect as traveling from x to y at the speed of light . Bending space would bend time in such a way to make time outside of the bend move faster than time inside te bend . Thanks Einstein . 
Just finished a few rounds of sc2 with an old friend . Times are good . 
Is feeling that some of the good ol Rat Pack is in order . 
Campisi's and Hamm's orchard peach ice cream . Life's good 
The science gets done and you make a neat gun for the people who are still alive . 
All it takes to feel like a badass is a leather jacket . 
T-minus 26 hours and counting . 
Oh that day when you need your brothers and sisters to care , I'll be right there . 
Hypothesis : what if space isn't actually a flat plane as we assume it to be . What if it's actually a sphere ? If light can bend space around it , then perhaps the very nature of space is a bent shape ? 
San < PROPFIRST > today !!!!!!!! 
6 hour drive ahead of me . Lovely 
It took 6 hours of driving , but I'm finally in San < PROPFIRST > . 
MOVE IN DAY !!!! 
So I got skype now . Alec . trinity2014 . Add me 
Baker street and turn the < PROPFEMALE > solos are now mine . It's time to find a guy that does bongos and a smokey room . 
almost done with NSO . Classes start thursday with an amazing schedule . MWF American Politics from 10:30 - 11:20 and Medieval Islamic History 11:30 - 12:20 . TR is the Qur'an from 9:55 to 11:10 and intro to sociology from 11:20 to 13:35 . Mix that with a 3000 level pass/fail IR course and maybe some ROTC and we wind up with heaven . 
Climbing murchison tower and officially starting my career as a < PROPFEMALE > student . 
So why did the chicken cross the street ? 
At home in the best jazz club in San < PROPFIRST > . 
My least favorite phrase in the Constitution / the < PROPMALE > of Rights . \The Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation . \"" 
Working out with the ROTC gang for a while . Just got finished with lifeguarding orientation . Will I even be able to wake up tomorrow for classes ? Let's find out . 
Back from fencing . Time for ROTC workout . 
football all day . Jazz club all night . 
Cade : What does this room smell like to you ? \ 
Me : Cheap fried food and man whore . \ 
Cade : Yeah , I thought so . \ 
Me : Aww crap , your roommate isn't around is he ? 
Me : yea , CO2 in the tires would make your bike lighter . \ 
Cade : Maybe a little , but I'm not that hardcore . \ 
Me : Yea , that's right . I'm guessing you still have both your genitals . If you get cancer and loose one of your testicles then you can go hardcore and bump up the psi in your tires by an extra 50 . 
And so ends labor day weekend . How do I know ? I just got slapped in the face by the cold , wet fish of reality . 
So my International Studies Colloquium is now one of my favorite classes and totally makes up for the rest of tuesdays and thursdays 
So I totally just saw a Quail-Man teeshirt and now all those Saturday mornings spent watching < PROPMALE > are flooding back to me 
One look around the campus and I am reminded why I'm busting my ass to get into ROTC . It's so that I can protect my friends and family , the people I love and even the people I'm not too fond of , and allow them to live the lives they want to live . Thanks to all my ROTC buddies for constantly encouraging and pushing me to be better than I am now . 
so does anyone want to go to Schlitterbahn next weekend ? 
Blacklight bowling 
God bless those whose lives were stolen in a terrible act of violence . God bless our soldiers who have fought and who continue to fight and die so that what happened years ago will never happen again . We will never forget . 
ugh . I've been studying all day and I'm still 11 pages of rough medieval islam away form freedom . 
and I'm done with homework ... Finally 
I'm gonna nerd out and post that Halo Reach is out in like one day . 
lifeguarding : silent purveyor of the 10 o'clock at night chicken sandwich dinner ... well ... that and fencing . 
Hahahahahahaha . I just won a kilt ! 
Jorrrrrrge !!!!!!!! 
Why does college rock ? Freakin free nachos ! That's why . 
Okay guys . I'm thinking laser tag today . You can thank < PROPFIRST>'s RM for this idea . 
Laser tag !!!! 
Alright guys . It's homework day . 
I'm getting better with each step , each mile , each minute . I push and push until my body starts to bitch . And then I push even harder . 
I can't believe that I thought that making a kilt would be easy . Stupid me ... 
I propose that I will not shave my ridiculously manly beard until I complete my kilt . That beard ' o awesome-ness must accompany the kilt o ' unquestionable manly-ness in the future facebook profile pic which will hopefully grace said website this weekend . 
so I kind of learned how to make a kilt today . I should have a really good pic or two of me sporting it tomorrow at some point . 
CAUSE I'M TOO AWESOME FOR PANTS !!!! 
Kilts . Because I'm too amazing for pants . 
Hmmmm , what to do , what to do ? 
Some people are a < PROPFIRST > Sinatra . Others a Humphrey Bogart . Me ? I'm a Bogart . 
During times of social change , an unstable society must rely on a stable institution in order to effectively establish itself in its new order . For almost all societies , this stable institution is the military and a large part of this new society is defined by how it interacts with the military . 
Ehhhh , I'm outta things to say . 
\ITS RAININ SIDEWAYS ! \ " \ " do you have an umbrella ? \ " \ " HAD ONE\ " \ " where is it ? \ " \ " INSIDE OUT 2 HOURS AWAY ! \"" 
Work at 5:30 on a Saturday ? The gods must be crazy . 
and now to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > at the airport . \I\ " M AT THE WRONG AIRPORT\ " Thanks < PROPFIRST >." 
Figured I needed to update this . Don't really know what to put on here though ... 
Went to a college party last night . Stayed for 10 minutes before I decided it was the lamest thing since dry white toast and left . Theres just better things to do than getting wasted . 
Oh God , all of those awesome games that Sega created . I miss them so much . Why did you have to go under Sega ? AND WHY DID YOU HAVE TO PROSTITUTE SONIC OUT TO NINTENDO !?!?!?!?!?! 
Why do people keep insisting that NASCAR is a sport ? 
Central Market at 9:00 while hungry is not a good idea ... 
Just took the < PROPFIRST > Freed Bales Personality test . This thing was designed by a sociologist in the late 60's and can fairly accurately place my personality . It's nuts . Im a UPF personality type . Look it up . 
A 94 on my Quran test ? I'll take it . 
It's official . \Feeling Good\ " by < PROPFIRST > Buble is my new favorite song . I've been listening to this for literally the past 4 hours straight . If you like big band swing check it out . Totally worth it . " 
Dear < PROPFIRST > , TX . Your traffic is awful and your manners atrocious . You should redesign the streets because an hour and to get through that < PROPFIRST > foxtrot you call a freeway is not acceptable and utterly ridiculous . \ 
Sincerely , A slightly traumatized citizen . 
SUCK IT YANKEES ! 
Come on Rangers . Just need one more game . 
SUCK IT YANKEES !!!!! 
The true measure of a person can be determined by their acceptance of challenges and responsibility . Most people accept neither and attempt to escape them in drugs , alcohol , and reality TV . Those that do accept a good challenge and responsibility are the men of honor , integrity , and are the future leaders of the world . These are the people we should remember and \idolize \"." 
How many politicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? 
Hehehe . Sucks to be a Yankee right now . 
Just saw a Ferrari here on the < PROPFEMALE > campus . 
Fails to understand how the 2nd amendment fails to protect the possession of arms . It's pretty damn clear that a militia is necessary for ensuring a free state . And with that militia comes the possession of arms . No guns . No militia . Simple as that . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > of Arabia . BEST . MOVIE . EVER . 
The two most dangerous types of people are people with nothing to lose and people with everything to lose . They both act out of desperation in ways unpredictable and will keep fighting until their last breath . 
So long as the Arabs subject themselves to the burden of their ancient and dated kinship system , they shall remain a little people . It has been shown that there are two things capable of uniting them . War and Religion . The latter however , provides a schism almost insurmountable in modern times that can only be assuaged by the creation of a new religion . Unfortunately , Muhammed ( pbuh ) closed that door with his death . 
Bottom of the second . Rangers up by two . Debating whether or not to do homework ... 
has come to the conclusion that all USMC drill sergeants sound the same . Which is awesome . I should also mention that if they should ever need to retire , any one of them could have an AMAZING career singing for jazz bands . 
I would just like the world to know that according to my Sociology textbook , almost all gypsy children in the Czech Republic are put into special schools for the mentally handicapped and that almost all of the students in these schools are gypsies . Maybe Borat's caricature of the ex-communist bloc countries wasn't all that farfetched ... 
Note to self : waking up 30 minutes before class = bad ganja 
Steak and game 2 . Come on rangers . You got this . 
Shit . I'm pretty sure my < PROPMALE > just died . Won't boot into < PROPMALE > . Just boots into windows ... 
So < PROPMALE > update because I know that everyone is biting their nails right now ... Everything is fine and the comp is back up and running . Yay for combined computer brilliance of me and my father . 
< PROPMALE > horror picture show . Not quite sure what to expect to be honest ... And only slightly afraid for what little sanity I have left . 
Is no longer a virgin . Thanks < PROPMALE > horror picture show !!... NOT LIKE THAT ! 
Mmmm . Calvert ghosts . Thank you so Much for disturbing my homework time in the library with your unfortunately flappy and flabby appearance . 
Mmmm . Calvert ghosts . Thank you so Much for disturbing my homework time in the library with your unfortunately flappy and flabby appearance . I'm only slightly disturbed now . Have fun raping the sensibilities of the rest of the campus ! 
Ahhhh . Don't you just love those people that complain about something and then when you try to fix whatever they were complaining about , they make some lame excuse and stick their head in a hole in the ground ? I know I do ! 
Insert funny/meaningful/insightful wall post here . 
Some people are willing to sacrifice any amount of themselves for acceptance . Others refuse to bow to anyone that forces them to make that sacrifice . These are people that do not break , but instead bend , but only slightly . They do not ask for sympathy , but rather understanding . These are people of integrity and character . These are the leaders of our world and the protectors of the weak minded . 
hmmmm . I wonder if it's possible to triple < PROPMALE > ...? 
I'm seriously considering trying to bring Humans Vs . Zombies to < PROPFEMALE > ... Any thoughts ? 
Note to self . Whenever doing research for a paper , make sure the book you just grabbed has all of it's pages and that there are more than 3 copies of it left in the world 
Not gonna lie , playing wing man for Pramath last night at the Coco Lounge was possibly one of the funniest things I have ever done . 
Ahh Sociology . Thank you so much for ruining my weekend . 
There is no blues like the Chicago blues . 
OMG !! Hello < PROPFEMALE>'s online adventure is real ! South park didn't just make it up ! 
The thing that makes the original < PROPFEMALE > Wars trilogy so awesome is a complete relate-ability to the characters . Almost all of us can identify with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , C3PO , R2D2 , Lando , Vader , and dare I say it , even < PROPMALE > - the little bitch- and those characters become our own . We internalize their struggles . We understand their emotions and their motives and we identify with them . 
Ugh . Just now getting to sleep . Having to take a friend to the hospital at 1 sure does get in the way 
only slightly-comotose now . 
Let no man or woman forget the sacrifices made by our soldiers and veterans to protect our nation and society from tyranny and oppression . 
Mmmmmm . Weekend is almost here . On a slightly funnier note , last night was spent studying with the occasional break up provided by a guy , completely shwasted at 9 o'clock , stumbling around Calvert . Drunks . The court jesters of today ... 
Ahhh Saturday ... that's all I got . 
I will earn the respect of my friends and family . I will earn the right to call myself a soldier . And I will not break , and I will not bow until I have done so . I will earn my place in this world . 
I'm reading over material for the Cuban Missile Crisis for my American Politics course and I'm left wondering , how would History have been different if JFK hadn't been assassinated ? 
The Tsar Bomba . A Soviet Nuke tested in 1961 . Its original payload 100,000 kilotons , was scaled back to 50,000 Kt for the test . It had a 5 mile blast diameter , a mushroom cloud 40 < PROPMALE > high and 25 < PROPMALE > wide , caused blast damage 620 mi away , and produced a shockwave measurable on its third trip around the Earth . Daaaaamn 
one morning , I shot an elephant in my pajamas . How he got in my pajamas , I'll never know 
HOW IS < PROPMALE > SEGER NOT ON ITUNES !?!?!?!?!?! Slimy bastards .... 
declare a writing emergency ! I'm out of gum . 
What is it with Sociology Professors and always having beards and wearing jeans , a turtle neck sweater , and a grey jacket ? I mean , seriously , you want proof , just visit your local sociology department . It's kind of hilarious really ... 
Despite overwhelming statistical evidence to the contrary , republicans still apparently hate science and want to limit it's progress . Aren't stereotypes wonderful ? 
There are people in this world who think that we no longer live under the shadow of nuclear war . They are wrong . With the fall of the USSR , small factions arose with possible nuclear capability and with no restrictions on their use provided by a supporting populace or government . 
Watch out ROTC . Cause here I come ! 
YEA TOAST !!!!! 
How is it even possible to choose a winner in a Columbian beauty contest ? 
Pokemon Profile Month ? Meh , maybe for a bit . 
\you are to kittens what the angel of death was to first born male Egyptians . \ " . -yours truly " 
Heheh . 3 days until yours truly joins up with AFROTC . 
I got 5 hours to finish a research paper for sociology . Wonderful . 
2 hours left and I'm roughly 70% done . Why am I on Facebook ?.... 
BE GONE YOU FOUL RESEARCH PAPER !!!! WITH 8 MINUTES TO SPARE !! HEYAHHHH !!!!! 
be joining up with ROTC tomorrow ! 
eh , so ROTC and I had a misunderstanding . Don't sign up till January 6th . Bummer . 
Is playing Monkey Island 2 for like the millionth time . Still amazing as ever . 
In calvert lounge , munching on jalapenos and studyin sociology . 
So I don't have any finals until the 16th and I have a dollar on my meal plan . I'm bored and I can't buy food . College rocks right now ! 
Why are cows so delicious ? 
My one and only study day . It's been a long time coming . In other news . Taco Taco . ' Nuff said . 
It's really kind of sad being on campus when almost all of your friends are gone and you begin to realize just how much you < PROPFEMALE > out with em . Awww God this is sappy . I miss you guys ! 
The new torn movie is amazing . Just saying . 
Tron Legacy was amazing last night ! Such a good movie . Lives up to the name and awesomeness of the original , and also , a little bit of the campiness . < PROPMALE > BRIDGES ! 
Back in < PROPFIRST > for a while . Christmas in a week ish and nothing to really do except get my ass in shape for ROTC . 
Grades got posted . All A's and one B with a 3.75 GPA my first semester . HECK YES !!! 
3 days in with a < PROPFEMALE > corps drill sergeant and I no longer feel like throwing up after a workout ! Hells yea !!! 
1.5 mile in 11:50 . It's getting better . And I still don't feel like puking !! 
Jet skiing across the pacific ocean . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! 
Well . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas guys . Hope it was fun ! Now back to reality . 
< PROPMALE > 
At an extremely busy Jewish deli where the portions are huge and so are the prices . 
OMG this < PROPMALE > is huge !!!!! 
in the past week , I have gained over 7 lbs in muscle mass and can run a mile in 7:50 . Still got a week to go . Hells Yea !!! 
2 workouts today and then fights and a work out tomorrow . Not quite sure if I'm gonna be able to make it to midnight tomorrow night ... 
Have I mentioned how much I hate < PROPFIRST > , TX ? There is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do ! 
Last day with hair . AFROTC orientation tomorrow at 10 am !!! 
Well folks . It's time . 
Is now an Air Force ROTC cadet ! 
Dear God , Can you make the weather just a little warmer ? I mean , I love the cold weather and snow . Really I do . But I've got this new haircut and let me tell ya , wind is not my friend . Sincerely , < PROPMALE>'s freezing scalp . 
ahhhh , back in San < PROPFIRST > . Life is good . 
In the Calvert Lounge studying crap . 
Is officially a Texan . Finally , after 19 years , I own a pair of cowboy boots . And damnit if they aren't comfortable as hell . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! It's been a pretty good one so far ! 
ugh . PT in 7 hours . No bueno 
FYI . Dirty dancing is one of the best movies ever . And the last scene is one of the most beautiful scenes ever . Just saying . Cause it's the truth . I really could not watch it without smiling . 
Hmmmmm . 200 pages of reading to do , some research , and the beginnings of an essay . It's gonna be a busy day . 
HAHAHAHAHA !!!!! 46 pages down in half an hour !!!!! Take that educational system !!! 
Wth people . I just had to park cross campus in the prassel garage ... 
Global warming my ass . 
Dear God , for two days , you have saved me from schoolwork and given me extra time for sleep . Thank you . Ps , SNOW DAY !!!!!!! 
Red October , standing by . 
I GETS MY BLUES THIS WEEK !!!!!! 
Nerf War on < PROPMALE > for AAS candidates ? HELLS YES !!! 
I GOT MY BLUES !!! I believe the phrase \giddy like a schoolgirl\ " may apply ... " 
Definitely one of the best nights I've had in a long time :) 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day ! 
I have to ask myself ... Is there anything interesting going on ? Answer : nope . Go do homework . 
Dammit ! I need to get smaller pants ! Thanks a ton ROTC ! No , actually . Thanks . 
No amount of cheese sauce will ever make undercooked broccoli taste good ... 
Hey hey everyday ! Air Force all the way ! 
Ladies and Gentlemen , it is my sincerest apologies for not observing No Shave November . However , I will be observing Mustache March in honor of AFROTC traditions . Now I know this is gonna make things hard on you ladies out there , but I must ask you to contain yourselves . -- Sincerely , < PROPMALE > LaFaille 
Hmmm . After careful deliberation , thought , and reminiscing , I have reminded myself of the unfortunate reality that I am neither evil nor do I have a < PROPFEMALE > to be a pilot and thus am incapable of growing a mustache worth anything . Sorry ladies . No mustache for me this March . Maybe next time . -- Sincerely , < PROPMALE > LaFaille 
See ? See how I just let that go by ? I am the perfect gentleman . 
Holy Jesus !!!! Lesch just asked me if I would be interested in being a research assistant for him next semester !!!!!!!! 
Is now Dr. Lesch's Research Assistant . Like a Boss 
Woke up 20 minutes before class . Not a great way to stet the day buy it's okay cause I made it in time and I just got a free cd 
Is not looking forward to making up a PT after what's shaping up to be an all-nighter ... 
If < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > can have her own furniture line , why can't I have a < PROPFIRST > Madoff line of office supplies ? 
Uhhh . Back to the grind . 
So yea . Vcct was freakin awesome !! Too short though . 
Stay strong all you 200s . You've put in years of hard work , but you can't stop what happens today . So remember that come what may , life always has a way of working out . And make sure to laugh at us 100s . It's our turn next . 
Just got back from a lecture from < PROPMALE > Powell and I have to admit ; the guy is pretty funny . 
