I'm back . Whoohoo , uhg . 

I'm soooooo hungry . FEED ME !! 
I just realized that I have no pictures of myself on here . I need to fix that 
If anybody has a pic of me and my friends could you email them to me or somethin please 
Happy easter everyone !! 
 : Just past halfway of our 2 and a half hour drive to a kentucky track meet . I was looking at the time sheets and im actually towards the top . Dont feel < PROPFEMALE > 
 : ke runnin though 
OMG ! Me and < PROPFIRST > were driving down the street and there was a couple of guys who pulled up next to us in a truck and were singing \Get Low\ " as loud as they could . It brought back memories of when we did such things . " 
Ha , about to go to sleep . Busy day tomorrow , track and prom . Excited nonetheless 
Ahhh ! Prom was amazing last night but I'm stuck at home watching my brother now .... 
AAHHHHH , I don't have to watch my brother !! 
ryans one big hunk of Mexican that i love . nothing is better GRAAAAAAAAAAAA 
Have you ever watched a movie or read a book that was so good you couldn't get enough ? And then when its finally over you can't stand but love the ending at the same time ? 
I'm not sick anymore !!! I need to go out and do something now . 
So I got my hair cut technically yesterday , and I love it . 
A run down of the week so far . Had awesome time at OMGcon yesterday , just finished soccer practice , and possibly swimming this Friday . LOOK AT THE AMAZING CLOUDS OUTSIDE !!!! 
needs to upload pictures of his haircut 
Thuee is a heartless , she told me she ate hearts 
woooo , cross country practice 
The guys got wooped by the girls in volleyball at cross country , but we went down with a fight . lol 
I feel like I should be mad today , I don't know why . 
I get on facebook for the first time in 24 hours and I have 67 notifications ..... 
Well I'm in the middle of the best birthday I've ever had without it even being an hour in . Ha , thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Your awesome 
What do we get for ten dollars ? 
I died on the inside after watching Remember Me . I don't like the ending . Save yourselves and don't watch it . But its really good so you should . Have a box of tissues next to you when you do . 
Built a wall around my heart , I’ll never let it fall apart . But strangely I wish secretly it would fall down while I'm asleep . 
My mom just left for court to finalize the divorce , woot woot 
AAAAAHHHHHHH , MIRACLES DO HAPPEN !!! I GOT THE JOB AT RED LOBSTER !! ALL THATS MISSING IS MY PINK UNICORN ! 
So first day of work was awesome ! 
So far work is way better than school . Excluding the I get paid part , I worked 5 hours and it felt like 3 hours compared to school which feels like the opposite way . 
I just got my first paycheck at 9:15 . Ahhhhhhh !! 
So I go my hair cut , I'll get a picture up soon 
I took the ball almost all the way to their six from the back But couldn't get the shot off 
So in the last 3 days i made about $160 after tax And i work tomorrow as well 
So last night was amazing . Singing in the shower And someone poured cold water on me , hater . then i slept with a black man O.o 
They have me out here , trying to make me build a house with a sprained ankle 
So turns out Im finally getting braces sometime soonish 
èSo i go to walk behind my teacher And he decides to step back And lands on my right foot at the Same time i lifted up And i managed to get hit in the fac 
èe with a board right on the nose . So my ankle is dead And Im bleeding . Good morning 
So it turns out i have a fracture . And i have had it for almost a week now 
That concussion screening was so easy 
About to watch memoirs of a geisha 
BAL 
So They said i have a 50 percent discount bit i got a 12 dollar meal for 5 . 
If anybody tested me through the morning i didn't get it cause mom pay the < PROPMALE > late so i temporarily had no service 
Mmmm , I love the weekends where I have to work to midnight 3 nights in a row 
Ha , saw the behnke family in red lobster to brighten the beginning of my shift 
Love was in the air at Red Lobster today . When a young man ( or old , idk ) proposed to his woman . * sigh * 
Lets get married in Vegas tonight baby 
Why is < PROPFIRST > Dawson so cool 
AAHHHHH SOPEDPIGJQEGIPHEG < PROPFIRST > PAOLINI NEEDS TO HURRY UP WITH MY FOURTH BOOK , I HAVE WAITED LONG ENOUGH AND I STILL DON'T HAVE A RELEASE DATE YET . 
My room smell orgasmically 
Omg , paranormal activity 2 . I think i peed my pants , or maybe that's my drink i threw up in the air . 
õSo , i was getting hit on By an older black woman And she said i might not be interested Now But in a few years i'll have a crush on her to . And said stuf 
õf about young men And them being fresh blood ??? 
I love working weekdays 
I managed to almost rip my whole nail of earlier today with a hammer 
I got off work early today , lol . Tis only about 11 
I hate tables that have more than 10 people . Especially when there is several tables with more than 10 at the Same time . 
Just got done forcing food down my throat 
is not in the mood 
ive never said anything more true 
Through the darkness and broken glass , \ 
I'll come for you , if you only ask , \ 
And there I'll stand , \ 
Just for you . \ 
Million < PROPMALE > between our lives , \ 
Can't keep us apart from our grieving hearts , \ 
Sealed with love , \ 
God speed my darling . \ 
For your name , \ 
I'm calling , \ 
For our love , \ 
I'm falling \ 
on my knees . \ 
And if you cry , \ 
I'll hold your head up high , \ 
I'll be there by your side , \ 
I will be your guardian angel . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Williamson !!!! Hi 
Loves it when your mom rather make you walk in the cold 
ISo far at work , ive been sitting on my butt and listening to < PROPFEMALE > and other waitresses whom are all skinny and pretty talk about how they need to los 
Ie weight . Crazy people 
Off to paoli 
Just got home from paoli . Nigh night 
So today at work was just busy for no reason . Just terrible . Anyways I have new fone number 812-456-8355 
ypu remind me of the babe 
I can officially make the cry if an Asian 
so idk whos going to read this considering how early it is . but a wet t-shirt contest is being held to see who will be my < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > Williamson may not enter though because his boobs are to big and it wouldnt be unfair to the other contestants 
i need to turn my hate music on now 
Come take a < PROPMALE > with me 
i miss soccer ..... needs to be spring 
Anybody want a puppy ? 
I hurt myself at TNI again -_- 
My teacher locked the class outside and we are freezing 
Omg this music video makes me want to cry 
