is ready for breakfast . 

is thinking of how good that Butter < PROPMALE > Burger was at the Purple Cow . 
was up entirely too early this morning . 
is heading out to CAYC . 
wants Starbucks to be his lving room someday . 
One more treatment after tomorrow ! Then a month of radiation . I'll be a < PROPMALE > Light ! 
is going to nap in a hospital bed . 
is ready for a second lunch because he lost his first . 
is praying for a productive teacher meeting . 
is going to clean up his house ... now ... for real ... now ... okay this time I'm serious I'm going to clean up now ... 
is thankful for such great parents . 
sleep is over rated . 10 to 1 says he takes a nap latter today ... 
Feeling good , feeling free , on the road of recovery . 
Went for a slow drive to the Dollar General , listened to music and didn't think about a whole lot of anything . It was awesome . 
had a long good walk this morning , very cathartic . 
again at Starbucks , lost in the moment , loving life ... for now 
is whelmed over with all that needs doing before school starts . 
Busy , busy day today on the way to meetings hey ... 
fixing to go for a walk even though it's already hotter than Vesuvius before it exploded . 
soon on our way back to Arkansas . It'll be good to get home . 
what am I donig on Facebook ? I have classes to plan ! 
Relaxing at Starbucks again . 
is ready for school to start ... let's get going already . 
Getting ready to ride to town ... again . 
Ask me what I did tomorrow I'll answer < PROPMALE > Hunting ... catch it at 6 A.M. 
I'm up , I'm up , coffee's on and I'm up . Give me a minute to drink it all up and I'll head out to the west pasture . 
Up early to learn about < PROPFEMALE > Parker ... super fun ... 
Wasting time till bed time watching Coraline ... so far so good . 
too busy for facebook got a to clean my casa . 
Thanks everyone for the B-Day wishes . 
As always our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ is right on time . Thank you Lord for CAYC . 
I promise I did not tackle the kid in my profile pic . He had power over me . 
Have arrived in < PROPFIRST > and although I am stationary I still feel the movement of the car . 
Ahhh .... the temperature here hasn't been over 65% . 
Mexico ... an ancient , arthritic indian woman on a mule drawn cart crossing a busy intersection full of VW's and circa 1970 city buses belching black smoke . An amiable honk or two and she clears the street , her cart full of produce . That was a missed photo , I'll take more today . 
Great party yesterday for the folks 40th anniversery . Good to see all the lives they've touched these last 10 years in Mexico . Plus the food was fantastic . 
I give Inception 9/10 stars . Superb direction-it is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > after all , multi layered action sqeuences , soild acting from a great cast-DeCaprio has really grown up , and a cerebral joy ride that begs to be viewed again and again , wonderful fun film . Plus I only paid like 76 pesos for two tickets . That's like $5.96 more or less for two tickets ! 
Status is normal ... for the moment . 
Will be heading home at about 2 AM ! 
Home again 
Won't be on for sometime friends . Love you and God Bless ... 
Hey Friends\ 
Doing well and learning to trust God in all things . 
Will be on my way to < PROPFIRST > tomorrow for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding . Woo Hoo !!! God Bless you friends and thanks for your prayers . 
My sister is no longer < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > she is now-as of Saturday- < PROPFEMALE > Venable . The ceremony was awesome . 
Spent the day on Ebay and Craigslist , amazing what a vintage telephone directory runs for . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . God Bless you . 
With Ebay there really is no such thing as junk only degrees of treasure . 
Time for dinner ... Smells fantastic . 
Dinner = Pork Roast = Amazing 
I got my five talents , let's see if I can turn it into ten . 
Thank you Lord for your rest better than fresh water , and your word better than a gormet dinner . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , happy holidays . May you be filled with love and grace during this season of the Lords appearing . 
Ahhh ... sometimes all you needed was a good nights sleep ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . Praise the Lord for Jesus ! 
We passed out turkey sandwhiches to the denizens of El Paso yesterday and latter outside the Gateway Hotel we served dinner to about 30 or so people . The inebriated desk man came out to help and talked of lassoing his friend to one of the jets passing overhead . Thank you Lord for coming to such as these ; the lonely , poor , and hungry . 
Anyone have special new years < PROPFEMALE > plans ? 
Good night . Talk to y'all later . 
Missing all my good friends and family . Knowing I'm in the right place . 
Praying 2011 is even better than 2010 . 
Access should now be uninterrupted . Hello friends , old and new , hope you're enjoying 2011 and looking forward to all the wonderful things God has in store for us . 
I had got into the mindset that I had to live . God is showing me the joy and truth ... I get life ! And that in abundance ! 
Sharp like a serpent yet innocent like a dove ? A contradiction ? More like a requirement to get through this life . Lord put me on the edge there teach me to keep my balance . 
Happy Birthday Mom . Have a fantastic day . 
ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . Too many to mention have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends . 
Love wins ! The forces of evil and chaos cannot stand against it . 
Awesome how the Lord comes through . 
Pray everyone had a good relaxing weekend . Praise the Lord we can close up shop and just chill . 
Great kick off to the week . Love and blessings to everyone . 
Wish you were here we could have a nice cup of coffee and chat for an hour or so . 
So much pain here\ 
in and out \ 
a new heart everyday\ 
torn by life\ 
coming through the door\ 
in pieces\ 
but\ 
look up\ 
know what\ 
love made the stage\ 
and grace runs this show 
Spaghetti , garlic bread , salad , and mustard greens ! Dinner rocked tonight . 
A bright cold morning here and missing all my old friends . Glad for new ones though . Thank you Lord for direction . 
This morning I met hero . His name is < PROPFIRST > . He bought a tv . He's about five four but wasn't always . A North Vietnamse solider shot him through the side of his gut , his hip , and his knee . \But that's okay because I got the sob . \ " He says all this matter of factly . I thank him . " 
Loneliness is like a mill stone crushing me . So I'm left with a bag of dust that used to be my heart . Thank you Jesus that we can trust you with such wounds as these . 
So the truck is loaded and we're ready to go to Ascarate a local swap meet here in town , feels good to take some risks . 
If those who follow Christ are the salt of the earth , a city on a hill why would we expect that our salt and light would be historically and culturally impotent in the battle against evil ? 
Praise God for a new day ! Lord may we be diligent in gratitude , steadfast in love , clinging to mercy , stuck onto grace . Thank you for a new day , a new week ! 
Couldn't pass this up ... \ 
\Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence . \ " Da Vinci " 
Thursday night I'll be on my way back to D Town ! Your prayers are appreciated . 
