worked my butt off today .... good thing it was time and a half !! 

hopes < PROPFEMALE > sees through < PROPMALE > very soon !!! 
guess it's a good day to study since it's not a good day outside :o / 
:o ) 
loves Bachelorette Mondays , but still hates < PROPMALE > !!!! >:o / 
loves free popcorn days at the movies and good movies with good company :o ) 
wants to go to the Riverview or Wyandotte fireworks on friday . Who wants to come with me ? :o ) 
disappointed in ppl sometimes :o / yay for a crescent < PROPFEMALE > in the sky though ! :o ) 
excited for today ! linner with Boots ! and then the Fray concert with some awesome sisters ;o ) 
RN , BSN just enjoying the stress-free life after taking boards ( in < PROPFEMALE > California) ! :o ) 
fml ..... no sunscreen in hot cali sun , what a stupid RN , and then pomegranate margaritas .... uh oh ..... 
last day in cali ....... flying home on wed :o / 
Universal Studios Hollywood , the Hollywood sign , and an Angels/Rangers game ... great last day in Cali ( thanks to the best grand little in the world ! ) ... long day of traveling tomorrow ! :o / 
having a lot of time in the airports today was not good ... I looked around and got jealous of all the cool places people were going :o / I want to go on another vacay soon !!! :oP hehe ! 
Forgot what it was like to get up this early ..... learning about my health care options , cto , and other benefits ... fun , fun , fun :o / 
what a waste of time and gas .... 
intrigued by the new show Dating in the Dark , nervous to start nursing orientation , and excited to finally start making money again :o ) 
not sure which was more funny : A ) < PROPFEMALE > Bullock and < PROPFIRST > Renolds in The Proposal B ) a guy yelling out shut the F *** up to a mom who explained every little thing to her daughter ( when the whole theater was thinking it ) 
wearing my navy scrubs for the first time today :oD 
1 day of EMR training down , 1 to go .... then telemetry class wed-fri :o / 
latin hustle , east coast and west coast swing kicked my butt tonight ! 
forgot how awesome pay day was :oD it's even better to get paid as a nurse and not an sna/ne ! 
excited to have health benefits again ! :-) 
not functioning well this morning ... starbucks here I come ... venti iced caramel flavored coffee with a shot of espresso !! :-D 
passed my telemetry tests today with a 94 and 90 .... yay !! :o ) 
should be happy that I knocked my CV tests out of the park today , but no I'm pissed cuz the office of residence life at UDM decided to charge me $50 for taking down 22 hooks ( yes they apparently actually counted all of them ) in my old dorm room ... ugh . I guess that's UDM for ya though , trying to squeeze every last < PROPFEMALE > out of ya ! 
knows your day is awfully dull when the most exciting part of your day is watching the life flight helicopter landing at about 2pm every day :oP 
Life is too short to be anything but happy :o ) I gotta feeling that tonight's gonna be a good good night :o ) 
traveling across the metro detroit area to see some very important people <3 :o ) 
< PROPMALE > Chesney = $60 ..... my car getting locked into the parking garage , having to go back the next morning and pay security to get it out = $35 .... adventures with < PROPFEMALE > = PRICELESS :o ) 
who wants to go on vacation .... the Scheduling gods gave me a random 6 days off from Sept 4th-9th ? :o ) 
excited to spend today with some of my favorite people ? .... Tigers game , dinner , and < PROPMALE > Oak tonight :o 
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes :oD 
one more day of work then six fabulous days off :oD 
is now officially a partial season ticket holder for the Red Wings !! :o ) 
does not have a first day of school this year :-O I guess after all these years I deserve it ! 
Is is Sunday yet ? 
Hey Hey Hockeytown ! :o ) At the < PROPFIRST > tonight to see the Wings take on the Flyers . 
Hockey makes me happy :o ) 
what an afternoon ..... lol 
day #3 ... yay for it being just an 8 hour shift !! :o ) 
off to the < PROPFEMALE > City for the weekend :o ) 
back to reality ... working 40 hours in the next 4 days :o ( 
only one day off then it's another 4 in a row .... :o ( 
spending time tomorrow at a hospital as a patient's daughter ... hoping all goes smoothly :o ) 
excited for the ladies of Gamma Phi Beta at UDM and their 15 new members !!!!! :o ) 
excited for the 16 new members of Gamma Phi Beta at UDM !!!! nice job ladies ! 
well they cut the strings and I'm flying solo for the first time today .... eek .... feeling slightly nauseous :o / 
4 days off ... yay !!!! :o ) 
walking with my mom , studying ACLS stuff , and Wings game tonight ..... a pretty ok day :o ) 
Mr. Osgood , you disappointed me tonight :o ( 
trying to keep a positive attitude , smile , and breathe !! :o ) 
Loves Grey's Anatomy , but wonders where are all the nurses that staff Seattle Grace Hospital ....... 
ACLS certified now .... hoping that I don't have to use my new knowledge in the near future :oP 
is the owner of a brand-new 2010 Ford Focus !!!!! :o ) 
excited for the Wings game tonight !!! and girls night on saturday !!! ( too bad I have a 12 hr shift tomorrow ... ) 
worked all week it's time to play , gonna get a little bit sideways ... :oP 
Founders Day celebration ! I <3 Gamma Phi Beta ! 
catching some zzzz for what almost promises to be a crazy , busy day at work then hanging out at UDM until the Gamma Phi Beta pancake dinner ( call/text me if you would like to entertain me from 430-6pm tomorrow ... hehehe ) 
can't wait til 1931 tomorrow :oD 
loves my days off :o ) 
baking some mini cheesecakes for our Thanksgiving fiesta at work on Thursday , getting some sleep for day 2/4 , and counting the time til my Wings game friday night !! 
hoping to get cancelled from work tomorrow so that I can actually make it to the Wings game on time ( not holding my breath though ... ) 
working another 4 in a row .... can't wait til friday around 1930 :oP 
christmas time ( esp shopping ) makes me happy :o ) 
loves this season because I get to see a lot of friends and family I don't usually get to see :o ) 
watching the Polar Express now that all the presents are under the tree and the cleaning and baking are done :o ) going to the bus station in the morning with my mom to pick up my sister and her boyfriend then having a jolly ol ' Christmas :o ) 
is working 12 hour days today and tomorrow , so no NYE fun for me :o ( For everyone that is going out ..... have a drink for me and be safe ! :o ) 
back to work in the am for 4 days .... boy do I hate how fast my days off go :o ( 
pink and purple polka dots :o ) 
waiting for my powercord to arrive from < PROPFEMALE > so that I can use my laptop :o ( 
going to make the most of my 2 days off here :o ) excited for the Wings game tomorrow ! 
has a slight crush on < PROPFIRST > Goode :o ) 
making the switch to night shift ..... let's see how this goes 
~ I Might Have To Wait , I'll Never Give Up , I Guess It's Half Timing , And The Other Half's Luck , Wherever You Are , Whenever It's Right , You Come Out Of Nowhere , And Into My Life ~ 
very excited that Greek is back on !!!!!!! :oD 
could have definitely used a drink this morning after the shift I had last night .... ugh ! thank goodness for 4 days off and fun things planned ! :o ) 
not looking forward to this week's work schedule :o ( guess that's the price I pay for having an amazing 4 days off ....... 
After a while you just want to be with the one person who never fails to make you smile :o ) 
loves how the Wings are kicking butt for their countries this Olympics .... Rafalski and Filppula !! :o ) 
<3 the young guns of Team USA !! Can't wait for Sunday's game ! 
sleepy time :o ) yay Wings ! boo < PROPMALE > ( from the Bachelor ) .... wish I could say I didn't see it coming , but I did :o ( working some OT tonight .... woot woot ! 
getting paid 12hrs to only work 11hrs last night makes me enjoy this \springing forward\ " .... getting some sleep now for what will hopefully be a fun afternoon/evening ! :o ) " 
extremely excited for these 3 days off !! :o ) Going to the < PROPFIRST > for a special event , Noodles&Co ., Caribou , pedicure , st. < PROPFEMALE>'s day festivities !, catching up with some besties , working out , and maybe hanging out with a cute boy ( or two ... if they're lucky ... lol) !! 
cannot complain about my days off one bit :o ) saving some lives the next 2 nights 
got my vacay time approved .... woot woot !!!!! Let the booking of flights , hotels , etc . begin ! :o ) 
keep up the good work Wings !! :o ) fun night ! 
enjoyed working with/being in charge of my 5 male counterparts last night , excited for my jam-packed 2 days off , and wants to congratualate Butler ( even though they busted my bracket , they are showing people that the Horizon league does exist ) . :o ) 
you make me smile :o ) 
Made it through night 1/3 on very little sleep ( thank you mt . dew , coca cola , and < PROPFIRST > Jacobs for helping me get through the night) ! :o ) Hopefully these next two go by fast .... looking forward to 4 days off ! 
nothing like a ghettoblaster beer and breakfast with coworkers after a crappy night at work :o ) hope night 3/3 with the boys is better ! 
loves days off !! :o ) spending time catching up with my besties , hanging out with this cute boy that I know , celebrating my cousin's 21st bday , going to see the Wings , and enjoying the newest < PROPMALE > Sparks movie ..... yay !!!! 
I <3 #13 .... if he wasn't already married and language wasn't a barrier I'd marry him ! :oP 
Hoping to catch some of the National Championship game tonight at work .... Go Butler !! :o ) 
last night has to rank in the top 5 worst shifts I have ever had :o ( thanks to my coworkers I made it through it ! :o ) 
proud of those Gamma Phi Ballers !! :o ) Good luck the rest of this Greek Week ladies ! 
working hard so that I can play hard next weekend !! 
greatly dislikes not having versus or fsn :o ( 
sooooo excited ( just can't hide it ) ...... seeing my favorite boy today , gamma phi beta formal and girls ' night saturday , and the Wings first home playoff game ..... not exactly sure how this weekend could get any better !! :o ) 
thank you < PROPFIRST > and Pavel for showing up today .... next time make sure the rest of the team knows where the < PROPFIRST > is and shows up as well .... nervous for game 7 :o / 
and that is why I <3 Pavel Datsyuk !! :o ) Hockeytown .... No Limits !! 
so I got this call saying I won a free bowling party for up to 50 people ..... who wants to come ? :o ) 
not happy that I woke up today to our neighbor's freaking radio blasting >:-O I understand you need music to work on your roof , but that's what they make iPods for .... working the next 3 nights and not afraid to file a noise complaint if need be 
trying to remind myself that these 3 work days will go by fast and then it will be boyfriend time :o ) , Wings at the < PROPFIRST > , and Cobra Starship/3OH ! 3 ... is it monday yet ? :oP 
very happy for CTO time ( getting cancelled ) and the fact that it let me have more boyfriend time :-D 
hopefully the Wings win tonight since I'm at work .... they seem to do better when I can't watch them :oP 
Greektown , Wings , and < PROPFEMALE > Bessonen oh my !! :oP Hockeytown ... No Limits !!! 
really thinking that the NHL does not want the Wings to do well :o ( stupid refs again tonight ! 
3Oh ! 3 and Cobra Starship tonight with < PROPFEMALE > Banker ..... yay !!!! :o ) 
thank a nurse <3 Happy Nurses week to all my colleagues ! 
actually kind of likes the doctor who thought it would be a good idea to buy our whole unit Littman stethoscopes in appreciation of Nurses Week ...... this means I'll actually have to talk to him sometime in the near future ..... haha .... wonder what kind of discount he got buying in bulk :oP 
work the next three nights then boyfriend time , downtown hoedown , tigers game/royal oak night ! :o ) 
\The real lover is the one that can thrill you by kissing you on the forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space . \ " ~ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Take me out to the ball game :o ) my first tigers game of the season tonight ! 
loves Grey's Anatomy & the finale was probably one of my favorite episodes BUT ... A bullet lodged near your aorta is a challenge to remove for a talented trained cardiothoracic attending surgeon ... let alone a resident being held at gunpoint ... and by the end of a few hours you would probably not have the breathing tube out and asking for your \post-it note\ " wife ..... " 
while most everyone is out and about enjoying this holiday weekend , I will be working saturday-tuesday :o ( 
after 4 work shifts I'm excited to sit and do absolutely nothing :o ) 
stromuhr .... the winning spelling < PROPFEMALE > word this year .... a rheometer designed to measure the amount and speed of blood flow through an artery ... sounds like something I've used before :oP 
tonight's gonna be rough .... little sleep last night bc of the storms+not good nap today .... 1st of 3 nights .... then off for quite a few ..... can I fast forward like my dvr ? :oP 
helping out a coworker can be beneficial to yourself as well ... because I switched shifts , I get to watch the Glee finale tonight instead of on my dvr a few days from now !!!! :o ) very excited ! 
All is right in the world of Glee :o ) 
loves the sweet smell of time off :o ) < PROPMALE > paisley with the girls tomorrow and more fun things to come on my stretch off ! 
<3 impromptu tigers games .... esp when they rally to win !! :o ) 
<3 aloe < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Disney in a week !!!! :o ) mini get-away the next couple days then working 4 in a row :o ( 
Disney in a week !!!! :o ) mini get-a-way today/tomorrow !! :o ) then working 4 in a row :o ( 
hope work flies by theses 4 nights !! 
most amazing pedicure this afternoon , figured out that frozen strawberry lemonades are my new obsession , and excited to finally be going to Disney in less than 2 days !!!!!! :o ) only have to get through my 4th straight night of work ..... 
when you wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > , makes no difference who you are , anything your heart desires , will come to you .... Gamma Phi Beta Convention @ Disney World !!!! :o ) Capture the Magic ! 
back to reality ... missing vacay already :o ( trying to muster the energy to unpack and upload pictures 
not a fan of facebook's picture uploader right now .... grrrrr 
working the next 3 ... starting to get back into the groove of things 
\I thank God for my life 
not exactly sure how people were able to drink at the Tigers game today ... 80 minutes to play the first two innings on a 90 degree cloudless day ..... thank goodness for my sunscreen !! 
<3 my days off !! :o ) catching some zzzzzz then getting up and enjoying some fun/busy few days !! 
excited for new possibilities :o ) 
working the next 3 nights ..... counting the minutes til my fun week !! :o ) 
got lost on my way to BFE this afternoon .... but had a fun time there :oP 
driving up to the EL to see one of my favorite future doctors !! :o ) 
can't believe I've been in my position at work for a year already .... time flies ! 
lots of excitement at work last night with RockMa Uban , < PROPFIRST > Guy , Aeman ???? , and < PROPMALE > Stahl .... 4500 J to be exact ! :oP 
Let's Go Tigers !! :o ) 
\Someday I'll fly\ 
plane ticket .... check ..... hotel reservation ..... check ...... VEGAS bound in 3 weeks !!!! :o ) 
loves how excited and happy < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > seem together .... rooting for them to last ! :o ) 
Welcome to Hockeytown < PROPFIRST > Madono !! :o ) thanks for reminding me I need to buy my tickets for the season ! 
officially a Red Wings partial season ticket-holder .... 19 games this season ... slowly making my way to a full season :oP 
When you go all in , you can hit the big jackpot or bust ..... but you'll never know til you take the gamble . 
\Freedom lies in being bold . \ " ~ Robert Frost " 
feels like a little kid on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !! :oP Flight for Vegas leaves @ 615 am !!!!!! 
back to reality :o ( sleeping my day away so I can work the next 3 nights .... missing Vegas already !!!! pictures will be posted soon ! :o ) 
photos are up :o ) catching some sleep then celebrating tonight !! 
is realizing how amazing 2010 has been already .... can't wait to see what the second half of the year has to offer ! :o ) 
thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes ! it really made my day ! :o ) and a BIG THANKS to those who could help me celebrate in person !!!! 
the CTO gods smiled on me tonight :o ) 
while everyone gets ready to enjoy college football or cookouts on this Labor Day weekend , I'm getting ready to work tonight-sunday night .... no fun , but I guess that's my job :o ( 
waiting to finish prepping my taco salad for tonight until I know forsure if I get to go into work .... waiting and crossing my fingers !!!! 
When I woke up this afternoon I saw a bright red envelop with the number 19 printed on it , my eyes lit up , got a giddy feeling inside , and jumped up and down .... HOCKEY SEASON is almost here !!!!!!!!! :o ) 
bonfire , baby shower , and baseball .... recipe for a good stretch off !! :o ) 
the Lions got \joyced\ " but the Tigers did not disappoint me today :oP " 
working the next three but then back to some shennanigans :oP 
exhausted after a pretty awesome two days :o ) 
Vamos Tigres !!!! :o ) 
Enjoying another wonderful evening at Comerica !! :o ) the only silver lining about the Tigers season being over is that my Red Wings will be playing extra soon !!!!! :o ) 
words in a status cannot truely describe how EXCITED I am to see the Wings play tonight !!!! :o ) 
perfect day to get some good sleep :o ) 4 days off ..... gotta be productive , but I can still squeeze in some fun 
mending broken hearts 12 hours at a time :oP 
last night was one that you will always laugh about with your coworkers but you would never want to work again ! 
My second Red Wings preseason game !!!! Good luck Pens .... ya'll are gonna need it ! ;o ) 
going to pick up my apartment keys and unload some boxes ( can't believe moving time is already here ! ) .... then working the next 3 nights :o ( 
taco salad and double chocolate muffins ..... should be a good night ! :o ) 
loves seeing the night stars out in the sticks :o ) 
HEY HEY HOCKEYTOWN !!!! Sooooooo freakin excited for the Wings home opener tonight ! I hear duck tastes great :oP 
<3 Hockeytown !!!! My Hockey hubbie did not disappoint ... 1 goal , 1 assist , and a fight ( Howe Hat Trick ) .... I <3 #13 !!!!! Other great performances by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( shut out ... woot woot ) , < PROPFIRST > Madono ( first goal as a Wing ) , and < PROPFIRST > Cleary ( takes talent to score a goal and take out the net ) . Icing on the cake .... seeing a shirt that said \you can't spell crosby without C-R-Y\ " ! :o ) " 
it's the big day .... moving out of my parent's house ! and trying to be done before the big game ( In Denard We Trust ) :oP 
could not have asked for a better weekend !! Thank you to everyone that made it amazing ! :o ) 
working my scheduled weekend :o ( jealous of everyone who gets to have fun ! 
how did I get this lucky ? :o ) 
had fun at SYTYCD with mi madre .... we even somehow managed to get meet&greet passes for after the show .... too bad I forgot my camera 
Calgary is going down in flames !! <3 the Wings !! 
great weekend :o ) now making spooky cupcakes for the boys ! 
trying to be extra productive today !!!! 
excited for today !!!!!!! :o ) helping my mom < PROPFEMALE > things on the wall around here , tidying up , taking a nap , making appetizers , and then having the girls over .... woot woot !! \I've got a feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night ! \ " :o ) " 
what we got is .... just like driving on an open highway , never knowing what we're gonna find , just like two kids , baby , always trying to live it up :o ) 
Wings game tonight !!!! :o ) 
would have enjoyed the Wings overtime victory more if the people behind us weren't saying F --- , S --- , D --- , and any other curese word you could think of every other word out of their mouths 
it's a love/hate relationship with overtime .... hate going in .... love seeing my check :o ) thinking I could just move into the hospital this week hahaha 
pushing adenosine and seeing someone actually go from SVT to NSR ..... amazing !!!! :o ) 
working my scheduled weekend :o ( Is it Monday yet ? 
really hoping that cooking my first meal in my apartment ( and for my boyfriend ) turns out well .... keep your fingers crossed for me haha 
St. < PROPFIRST > will be singing the blues after the Wings are done with them tonight !! ;o ) 
ahhhhhh not having to go to work and getting to see my boyfriend .... priceless ! :o ) 
going back to bed on this rainy/gloomy monday and hoping these next two nights fly by so that I can spend some more time with my family , friends , and boyfriend !! :o ) 
I have so much to be thankful for this year :o ) my job has truely made me realize that I need to take advantage of every moment and opportunity that I'm given 
excited for a relaxing evening with my favorite guy after a crazy day of shopping !! :o ) 
disappointed that the < PROPFEMALE > underwood concert for tonight got rescheduled to a date that I have a wings game ..... looks like I'll be missing my first game this season 
not a fan of the snow , but this is michigan and it's december ( already ) ..... so I guess it was bound to happen :oP snuggling up and sleeping :o ) one more night of work and then a couple off 
loves waking up with a smile on my face :o ) I have a feeling today will be great ! 
Lions game tomorrow , Wings game Monday , and time with my bf :o ) I'd say life is pretty good ! 
I am very thankful to be back home safe after spinning out and hitting a car and the median tonight . Guardian angels really do exist ! o: -) 
wishes it was friday already so that I could be on my road trip with the boy to see a country legend in Nashville !!!! < PROPFEMALE > is a virture that I'm trying to hold onto hehe 
had an amazing time in Nashville this weekend and look forward to spending time with family , friends , and my love this week ! <3 :o ) 
mixed bag of emotions today ..... excited to finally see < PROPFEMALE > Underwood perform , but I am sad that my aunt died last night :o / 
taking care of families ' loved ones tonight and tomorrow ! I'm excited to see my loved one's tomorrow ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ya'll! 
enjoying the feeling of knowing I don't have to work again til next year ! :o ) 
2010 has been amazing .... hoping 2011 can top it !! :o ) 
games like those make me really miss #13 ..... :o ( come back soon please ! 
can't believe I'm actually going to see tron ..... the things you do for the people you love :oP 
don't you wanna stay here a little while , don't you wanna hold each other tight , don't you wanna fall asleep with me tonight , don't you wanna stay here a little while , we can make forever feel this way , don't you wanna stay <3 
Just bought my first smart phone tonight . You bet I'll be up trying to figure it out ! :o ) 
Autoshow with the bf 
Me at the restaurant with @ < PROPFEMALE > Howell : \do you have any drink specials ? \ " Waitress : \ " alcoholic ? \"" 
I want my car back instead of this stupid rental car .... why are body shops never as prompt as they say they'll be ? :o ( 
I love tax refunds :o ) 
I love The Mule !!!! Go wings ! :o ) 
Excited for date night with the boy :o ) < PROPFEMALE > garden + wings game ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all the people I love ! :o ) 
Had an amazing time at the casino last night with my wild card man ;o ) excited to see < PROPFIRST > Aldean tonight ! 
Which line is longer at a concert intermission ..... bathroom or alcohol ? 
< PROPFIRST > aldean is almost as awesome as my love <3 
I'm ready to see < PROPFEMALE > cry tonight ! Go Wings !! :o ) 
Sad that datysuk is not playing tonight and that the Wings are being outplayed right now :o ( 
Doing competencies at work and going to a dentist appt aren't exactly my idea of a perfect day off haha 
Had a lovely afternoon with my love :o ) hoping that night 3/4 for work goes smoothly ! 
C'mon Wings ..... make my last regular season game a W !!!! :o ) 
The Wings disappoint me yet again :o ( 
If I never have to hear the cast of grey's sing again that's fine with me ; also no one gets extubated that fast after a crani/open heart/open abdomen/csection all in one ; and yes the show creators weren't gonna let her die , but I still teared up 
TGIS ..... thank god it's Saturday :o ) 
Perfect sleeping weather :o ) 
Kinda feels like the kid that is done with school for summer vacay ! :o ) trying to get some sleep then mani/pedi time followed by boy time :o ) vegas tomorrow ! 
Traveling to the other side of the country ..... yay vegas !! :o ) Go Wings .... I'll have to bet on the game haha 
Just paid the dueling pianist $7 to get him to play Hail to the Victors and shut up Hey Sloopie 
Advice I'd never thought I'd get from my roomie ..... \well the glasses are small enough so if you don't like it do it as a shot\ " lmao " 
Dang < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for making me tear up ..... man she puts on one heck of a show ! 
Yay being carded just to get a water in this city lmao 
< PROPFEMALE > Lost Wages haha time to say adios to vegas and start earning some money :oP 
Will definitely think twice before lying < PROPFEMALE > again ..... maybe we'll get out of vegas by 10 .... could have definitely used the extra time for sleep .... grrrr ! 
Thanking my lucky stars that we somehow got seats reserved on the 945 flight outta here .... our 6am plane is still grounded and other ppl on the same flight could only get 2pm guaranteed seats :o / 
Back to reality ..... working tonight and then over the weekend .... guess vacay can't last forever :o ( 
Knows I drank too much caffeine in my last couple hours of work ..... baking cookies for our Easter potluck and folding clothes and I'm back to work tonight lol 
I knew the night would come , but I am literally the most senior staffed nurse on my unit right now ( after almost 2 years ) 
Happy Easter ya'll!!!! Getting my sleep on and then prepping my taco salad for our potluck at work tonight ! :o ) 
Can't sleep ...... so guess I'll watch the < PROPMALE > wedding hahaha 
Can't wait to be done standing in line at secretary of state and enjoy the rest of my Friday and the weekend ! :o ) 
Greatly dislikes the ppl in the booth behind us that requested that spurs bball be switched back on instead of the wings game .... pretty sure we're in Detroit not San < PROPFIRST > ! Grrrrrr ! 
Lunch and michigan international womens ' show with my mom :o ) 
I'm no beauty queen .... I'm just beautiful me :o ) 
worked all week it's time to play gonna get a little sideways ..... Dierks Bentley concert tonight !! :o ) 
It's official .... in July I'll be working at Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s place again :o ) 
Dierks with my own plaid hunk ;o ) 
Praying for my wings ! 
Heading to the < PROPFIRST > !!!! Let's go Wings ! :o ) 
That was frickin AMAZING !!!!!! Go Wings ! 
Our father who < PROPMALE > in Detroit . Hockey be thy name . Thy will be done . Thy cup will be won . On ice , as well as in the stands . Give us this day our hockey sticks . And forgive us our penalties , as we forgive those who cross-check against us , Lead us not into elimination . But deliver us to victory . In the name of the fans , ... Lord < PROPMALE > , and in the name of the Wings . Amen . Repost if you are a Wings fan ! 
See ya this fall boys ...... 
And that's why < PROPMALE > is my Tiger !! :o ) yay first game at Comerica this season ! 
Not usually excited to work on Friday or Saturday night , but I <3 the ppl I'm working with !! :o ) 
Has never felt this frustrated on the job ..... thank goodness for my coworkers , without them I would go insane ! 
Nothing better than a hot shower after a c . diff-icult night :oP 
Watching the tigers win with my love was the perfect way to end a great day ! :o ) 
Loves that the Bachelorette is back !!!! Hates that the girl is stupid enough to keep around a jerk that doesn't give a crap about her !!!!!!!!!! grrrrrrr ! 
Rain , rain , go away !! 
feels sooooo stupid for worry .... thank goodness for gyms that are open 24/7 to help me to literally work out my frustrations !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hoping my next 5 shifts of work fly by .... wishing it was Thursday and I was in Florida with my love already !! :o ) 
God please < PROPMALE > me < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 
Working the next 3 nights then off to Miami !!!! Can I press fast forward please ? Haha ! 
Leaving on a jet plane .... don't know when I'll be back again ! :o ) 
Patron slushie in my hand and hot guy by my side ...... yep I'm in heaven ! :o ) 
Top down crusing through the Keys !! :o ) 
Back in Michigan ..... guess I couldn't be in paradise forever :o ( working the next 3 nights :o ( 
Reach for the stars , and if you don't grab em at least you're on top of the world :o ) good song on the drive home 
Mmmm big kid drinks and slots before < PROPFIRST > Swift :o ) 
Eat em ' up Tigers ! Eat em ' up ! 
working the next 3 nights :o ( starting to be a little envious of those 9-5 M-F people 
Frustrated with scrub shopping and terrible selections ! 
Saw a rainbow on the way to work this evening and took it as a good sign :o ) so far so good ! 
Perfect sleeping weather after a yummy breakfast and morning cap :o ) 
When you hold my hand in the back of my mind\ 
Just waiting on the sun to go down , the sun to go down\ 
The only place that I wanna be is where you are\ 
Cause any more than a heartbeat away is just too far , oh\ 
It's gonna be a long hot summer , we should be together\ 
All I really want is more than this moment right now <3 
Starting to miss my fave harper people already :o ( 
How could I ever get tired of waking up by your side ... and the taste of your sweet kiss <3 
Ribs are not made for a dainty girl like me .... kinda wishing I had a dog or burger right now lol 
Time and a half tonight woot woot .... and a pot luck ...... and some kick butt coworkers ..... not too bad for a July 4th Sunday ! 
Good luck Furbush and the Tigers .... I've been impressed with your relief efforts so far , so pitch us another W :o ) 
Highlight of the night .... hearing my roomie say \I'm not scuuuured ! \"" 
Taking my boyfriend home ..... to the Toldeo Zoo 
fun time at the zoo .... quick cat nap then getting ready for Ms < PROPFEMALE>'s bday !! 
Good afternoon .... caught a nap , went walking , ordered my Wings ticket for the upcoming season , reviewed some CCRN stuff , saw a special on < PROPMALE > Bryan .... excited for The Bachelorette tonight :o ) 
Not a morning person anymore ..... coffee is definitely helping out !! :oP 
This is going to be a lonnnnnnnnng week ......... 
Happy to be back in scrubs ..... dress clothes are not for me haha 
My favorite part of wedding ceramonies ..... seeing the groom's face as he sees his bride :o ) 
First day on my new unit and I'm taking critical care challange exam .... can I have some xanax , zofran , and protonix stat ? Haha 
My sister is getting married today ! :o ) gotta make sure to get the bride to the church on time ! 
Working 4 days this week ( including one with the harper folks) ! Can't wait for < PROPFIRST > Urban this Friday though !!!! :o ) 
kinda sad when sleeping in til 9 is heavenly lol 
Wearing my other favorite shade of blue today :oP working 3-1130 with some of my favorites ! 
You know you are in love when you look at your boyfriend instead of < PROPFIRST > urban when he sings :o ) 
Well that was a crappy day lol I would like to ask future patients not to code at shift change 
It is a kayex-alent day !! Hahaha ! 
No alarm set and no plans for tomorrow ...... it feels nice ! :o ) 
Is in love .... yep I am :o ) 
Hoping this last hour of work goes by fast !! I'm ready for Flatts Fest ! :o ) 
Hmmmm can't say that was worth the money , time , or annoyance .... kinda disappointed ! 
Might be addicted to reality tv hahaha ..... toddlers & tiaras , jersey shores , challage the rivals , four weddings , and lock up ..... all in one night ... lol ! 
Thankful for the last 4hrs off !! :o ) 
Is it Saturday yet ? I'm excited to go out with some of my fave Harper folks !! :o ) 
Never in a million years did I think that I'd be going to see kid rock ...... but I'm pumped !! :o ) 
Naughty nurses night out !! ;o ) 
First night shift in over a month and the first of four night shifts in a row .... my two thoughts : is the coffee fresh and is it Saturday yet ? Lol ! 
Time to hit the road so I can hit the hay :o ) 
Goin ' costal with < PROPMALE > ( and Kracker , Billy , and Zac) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Woot woot ! :o ) 
< PROPFIRST > Currington melts my heart and may just be my second love <3 
Glad I put my roller skates on for work tonight !! 9hrs done , and I'm positive the next 3 will fly as well ! 
Flew solo today at Uncle Henry's .... not so bad .... think I'll come back for my shift on Thursday .... lol 
Schrezer suckss !! We need a new pitcher ! 
Overwhelmed by all the birthday wishes ! Thanks to my family , friends , and amazing boyfriend !! :o ) 
Happiness begins with dessert ..... triple chocolate meltdown does me in every time !! :o ) 
Renaissance festival + < PROPMALE > nugent concert ..... should be an interesting day to say the least lol 
Is it 1130 yet ??? Lol ! This weather makes me wanna sleep not work . 
I have a soft spot for the first nfl game of the season ... a year ago today I had my first date with a pretty awesome guy while watching the game :o ) 
I love the Tigers !!!! :o ) 
Hoping to have a ghostly good time with the ghouls at Halloweekends !! :o ) 
Working 4 out of the next 5 days :o / is it next weekend yet ? Lol 
I love my boyfriend , but I love me them Tigers !!!!!!!!! 
Never ever let < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > pitch ever again !! 
Heck yeah Tigers !! See ya'll in the post-season !! ;o ) 
It's a beautiful day for hockey , baseball , and football !! :o ) Let's go Deeeeeetroit ! 
3 more day shifts and then back to the dark side ..... can't wait ! 
My goal for after work today ..... stay up to watch the entire tigers game !! Haha ! :o ) 
Who is actually left to pitch for the tigers ?? :o ( 
It is beautiful outside :o ) 
Thinks it is funny when the baseball coaches do their funny little signals hehe 
Can't believe I'm saying this , but I want Schrezer ..... Benouit suckssssss ! 
I'll take some zantac and xanax for this game !!! Lol ! 
And that's my < PROPMALE > !!! :o ) 
Take that Yankees !! Betcha wish you were a Tiger Granderson ! 
Going to the Wings home opener tonight ...... super excited !! :o ) 
Can't believe how fast this year has gone by . I have learned a lot about livin ' and lovin ' from < PROPFIRST > Stump . Happy Anniversary babe ! :o ) 
Loves the sea of blue ! Let's go Lions !! :o ) Monday Night Football at Ford Field ..... be jealous ..... lol 
Reviewing ACLS while watching the ALCS ! 
Single , double , triple , homer !!!! Eat em ' up Tigers ! 
Is it 5pm yet ? I'd rather be at home sleeping in and then watching the game ..... I guess relearning acls is important though :o / 
Not the way I wanted my Sunday to go :o ( 
Working the next 3 nights .... can't wait for Tuesday ! :o ) really can't wait for Friday !!!! 
Eating breakfast at big boy's by myself is definitely not as cool as Honest < PROPFIRST>'s with the crew :o ( 
730 please get here faster !! I am ready for bed ! 
Cheers to the freakin ' weekend ! :o ) 
Paranormal Activity 3 gave me angina 
Forgot that gorgeous days like this can happen in November :o ) 
Daylight's Savings sucks when you work night shift .... these 13hrs are dragggging ! 
Enjoying today :o ) 
Mmmmm pancakes for a good cause ! :o ) 
Good Morning Pennsylvania !! :o ) I love that the sun is shining ..... should be a good day ! 
