Hanging out around the house with the madre :) Leaving Wednesday to be with dad in OKC for a bit 

Here til ' Tuesday . Then back home in time for golf clinic at Glenwood Wednesday morning 
He brought this on his self . I didn't push him to this . I would've tried to fix it all . I guess he didn't want to . It is just whatever . I have come to this . It is his loss 
Haha . Won back to back to back golf meets . Going to to Glenwood tomorrow for another golf meet and then Friday in Texarkana 
Pretty sore from these past 3 days . Having a lesson at Glenwood tomorrow afternoon and then last meet before state for the < PROPMALE > pga . Have won them all in my age division so far :) 
Heading to glenwood tomorrow and then to state after that :) coming back and friday leaving for okc to be with dad 
Haha . Finally a recent picture up :) Turning blonde again . Leaving sometime tomorrow to go back home for a bit 
I know I met him for a reason . He has helped me realize a lot of things and I thank god for meeting him :) 
Having a blast in OKC :) Heading back Tuesday because of golf 
About to head home :( just to be in time to be home for golf practice tonight 
Ha not goin to the scrimage game tonight :/ oh well . Sinus infection with a fever . No school tomorrow though . So no worries :) golf match at tomorrow too . Now how about those enchilada quesidillas ?! Haha :) love you mom 
Ha :) what a great its gonna be . Had a great night last night with everyone ;) 
Ha :) what a great day its gonna be . Had a great night last night with everyone ;) 
Glad to get today over with :) just doing whatever tonight . Really not liking \Raisin in the Sun\ " or whatever we have to read for pre ap " 
This weekend in < PROPFIRST > was great :) The concert was amazing . Only 4 more days of schoool until Thanksgiving break ! I am so ready 
Having fun in Little Rock for East :) Hope everyone is having fun back home in school lol 
Having a blast over break :) even when school is out I really don't have a break ! It's good to spend time with family though 
Praying for the Aguilar family . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > . 
\What is today ? Is it the 30th ? \ " ... Me : \ " Why do you think we just saw the ball drop ? \ " Lol :) Happy New Years everyone ! Hope yours is starting off as great as mine ! " 
Tell me what you will and I will listen ... but show me your actions and I will hear so much more . 
Finally saw snow fall in DeQueen and it stuck ! Haha . Birthday is coming up in 2 days :) 
I am having a great birthday :) I am so blessed with such an amazing family <3 
I seriously am just ready to get out of here 
Hanging around and getting some stuff accomplished then pageant later !! Good luck girls ! :) 
Ready for an amazing night full of laughter and new memories :) 
Let the snow just keep coming (: 
Glad there is no school today :) More time to go play in the snow and see more friends . This will be a great 4 day weekend & hearts ; 
I had a pretty amazing < PROPFIRST>'s Day :) I'm just going to let things take it's course and not fight it anymore & hearts ; 
Going to try to make the best of everything & hearts ; Life is too short to be anything , but happy 
\Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means you decided to look beyond the imperfections . \"" 
Heading to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Pageant . This will be interesting haha 
Sore from softball , but I like it :) First game Monday at Foreman . It's almost here and I can't wait ? 
Uniforms today :) Representing #7 again . I am ready for softball to be officially here 
Great job Leopards !! We are in the championship game tomorrow ! :) 
\Faith is to believe what you do not yet see ; the reward for this faith is to see what you believe . \"" 
\Sometimes the cards we are dealt are not always fair . However you must keep smiling and move on \"" 
Won our game today against Fouke ( 16-0 ) Most of my morning classes will be quite empty tomorrow since they have testing . I just hope my plans for tomorrow afternoon will all work out & hearts ; 
Sometimes the only thing fair in life is a ball hit between 1st and 3rd & hearts ; First day of the Horatio tournament is tomorrow 
We won the tournament ! :) I made the all tournament team and almost hit another one out . Life is great . No , life is simply amazing (: Less than a week and I will be in Destin with the family ! 
One more day and hello Florida ! :) It has been quite the busy week , but it's going to be worth for what is to come ;) & hearts ; Game against Dierks tomorrow 
Seriously ... school tomorrow ? This week flew by so fast :/ I at least got a little sun while I was away :) I'm actually ready to get out of here again ! 
Heading out later to Texarkana to see The Last Song :) 
Well , maybe now my car won't be so green with this rain :) Haha 
Well , just took my ACT for the first time :) kinda curious on how I did 
If you love someone , do not put their name in a heart because hearts can be broken . Instead put their name in a circle , because circles go on forever . 
\When the night falls in around me and I don't think I'll make it through . I'll use your light to guide the way . Cause all I think about is you . \ " <3 " 
Whenever you feel a warm breeze brush against you , that's the kiss I blew to you . & hearts ; 
Today was pretty great :) Probably because a certain someone was on my mind all day & hearts ; This weekend is going to be great ! Good luck tomorrow ladies ! I will be in OKC all weekend for my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s wedding :) 
Well , back to school , but only for half a day :) Game in Malvern today . I'm totally ready . ( My thoughts are free to go anywhere , but it's surprising how often they head in your direction <3 
It's hard to believe that I signed up for my < PROPMALE > year today . Time is just flying by ! <3 
Praying for the Hinton's . Game tomorrow against Nashville if the weather permits 
It's been such an amazingly beautiful Saturday :) I'm getting so much accomplished . Praying for the Hinton family <3 
Praying for the Hinton and Devlin family . 
What a day it has been :) Missing a couple people , but I know I will see them soon <3 Keep praying for the Devlin and Hinton family . 
R.I.P. Conner and Kassi . You will be missed <3 
Laughter is such a wonderful medicine :) 
The values you’ve taught , the care you’ve given , and the wonderful love you’ve shown , have enriched my life in more ways than I can count . You are helping mold me into the woman I want to be . I love you so much my best friend , hero , and obviously mom and Happy Mother's Day . I wish Happy Mother's Day also to all the other wonderfully amazing mother's . You are all very special and loved & hearts ; 
Faith is to believe what we don't see ; and the reward of this faith is to see what we believe 
I can't believe the Seniors last day is today 
Time really is flying by ! Less than a month away from my first golf tournament at Diamonhead 
There is no fear in love ; but perfect love casteth out fear < PROPFIRST > 4:18 & hearts ; 
I'm just ready for summer to finally be here ( Can we pretend that airplanes in night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now . ) 
Ready for some nice golf this weekend :) (& I realized even more today after a talk with one of my coaches . I have been blessed with an amazing mom who basically has to be both parents . I thank God everyday for people like her in my life . I don't want to know who/what I would be without them <3 . ) 
Nice to get back out on the course :) Didn't do too bad . One more full week of school then summer <3 Totally ready . 
Well , today was officially my last day as a Sophomore :) Enjoy your two days of testing everyone , haha . This weekend is going to be pretty great <3 
I can't tell you the last time I felt just so ALIVE :) Going to go play 18 then probably go for a swim <3 
Sweet summertime :) & hearts ; 
What a great morning :) I nailed that interview . Getting some stuff done and probably heading out to the course . 
Even though you're not here and nowhere to be found , my heart says you're still here and everywhere to be found . 
After all the amazing things that happened this weekend , I can say I am totally exhausted ! I can say though God is already answering things in my life :) 
Had an amazing weekend ! Honestly , I'm nervous what Friday is going to hold . ( I can do everything through him who gives me strength . Phillippians 4:13 ) 
Finally a day slow enough to catch some rays before work :) 
Simply put : Time is my enemy . 
Well , another early start tomorrow , but totally excited :) My dad will be there ! Spending the weekend with him in OKC after golf at Texarkana C.C. 
Wow , what a weekend :) Did well in the meet . The family reunion was amazing and got to meet family who I never really knew about ! On top of it all , I had my dad right there with me :) I'm truly blessed . 
I asked for light , God gave me the sun . I asked for water , God gave me rain . I asked for happiness , God gave me you . 
Had an amazing day with my mom and seeing < PROPFEMALE > after so many years :) The Zumba Master Class was pretty great too . Let's hope a little stretching will do the trick lol . 
As humans grow older , the lens in the eye grows thicker . This is why people who once had perfect vision often need glasses in their 40s 
Sorrow looks back , worry looks around , and faith looks up . <3 
What an amazing day off ! :) Work most of the day and then hopefully some golf tomorrow night . 
Don't wait for the one you could live with , wait for the one you can't live without . <3 
Well , had a win at Glenwood Wednesday :) Then got rained out at Hot Springs today . Lets just say I am glad I didn't bring any white clothing for golf , haha . It's a long story , but back in town for a couple of days before state finals at Greystone . This has been a long , yet busy couple of weeks . 
Enjoying dinner at Little Italy before I head home :) Playing at Greystone tomorrow for a practice round . 
Well , tee time at 1:15 . It's going to be nice and hot for me . Oh , boy . 
Ehh , I suppose I'll join (: \like\ " this and you know the rest . Return the favorr . :) " 
Leaving for Lake Eufala this morning :) Totally excited to spend some time with the family . 
Good things come to those who wait ... <3 
Had a pretty nice Sunday , another busy day ahead of me . Hopefully my sinuses will not be so bad tomorrow morning so I can enjoy some one on one time at the course . & hearts ; Praying for the Youngbloods . 
I just love on my day off how telemarketers decide to call at 9 in the morning . 
I really needed that tonight :) thank you . Big day tomorrow with the family . \The Lord is with me ; he is my helper . I will lokk in triumph on my enemies . \ " -Psalm 118:7 " 
Happy birthday grandpa :) I love you and had a great time with you today . 
Making the most of tonight before I have to face the fact tomorrow at registration that school is almost here . I can't believe I am going to be a < PROPMALE > . 
Faith is to believe what you do not see ; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe . & hearts ; 
Well , back from playing golf at Little River . It wasn't too bad besides the fact at 8 when I started it was almost 90 already . 
I'm completely ecstastic for so much right now :) 
If you wrote a note to God , what would you say ? 
Well , made the most out of my last day of freedom . My first day of my < PROPMALE > year is tomorrow . I pray that mine and along with everyone elses day goes along great . 
is simply is trying to stay optimistically strong through it all . \A person without self-control is like a city with broken-down walls . \ " Proverbs 25:28 " 
Well , after over 5 hours of Trig , History , Spanish 3 , and Chemistry it's time for a break before I hit on the AP Languauge and Comp homework for the < PROPFEMALE > Letter . Woo . 
Thank you Lord for such a beautiful day and everything else in my life . :) 
Whoa ... please be praying for my Uncle < PROPMALE > . He's in the hospital at DeQueen bleeding internally and they are probably about to transfer him to Texarkana . 
For such a horrible day I can say I did learn a lot . Another plus is that my Uncle < PROPMALE > should be out of the hospital in the morning . Thank you everyone for your prayers . 
When I count my blessings , I count you twice <3 
I never thought the weekend would ever get here ! A busy , yet fun weekend ahead of me . :) 
The difference between school and life ? In school you're given a lesson and then given a test . In life , you're given a test to teach you a lesson . 
Back to back district champs :) 
I have never considered myself perfect . Tonight was a real eye opener for me as a person and as a golfer . 
If I could give you one gift , I would give you the ability to see yourself as I see you , so you could see how truly special you are . 
I've really needed a night like this . :) 
It's amazing what sleep does for you . :) 
Never let go of hope . One day you will see that it all has finally come together . What you have always wished for has finally come to be . You will look back and laugh at what has passed and you will ask yourself ... ' How did I get through all of that ? ' 
Finally here in Blythesville for state :) It's going to be one cold and lonely night . 
Had a pretty nice day :) Happy that my mom and grandparents are here to support me tomorrow in my match . :) 
Well , today is the big day ! :) With my family by my side , I feel great ! 
Great season ladies :) FBLA trip this morning ! 
Thankful for the weekend . :) Pretty productive , but that's nothing . It feels like I am always off doing something . 
Thankful for the weekend . :) Pretty productive day , but that's nothing new . It feels like I am always off doing something . 
Some days are easier than others . Well , today was not one of those easy times ... 
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity . The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty . 
I kept wondering why my car somewhat smelled . Well , it sorta helps when you take out your Papa's leftovers from oh lets just say 4 days ago . 
Ready for a great night ! :) Heading out to eat later then Horatio game . Who knows after . 
10.10.10 :) It has been awhile since I have a weekend as great as this one . I am so blessed . 
Heading to the football game in a bit then 5th quarter . :) G ? Le ? pards ! 
“Everything happens for a reason . Every action has a reaction . Always remember that whats meant to be will always find a way to come about . ” Working on the Spanish project today for a while then work til ' 10 tonight . 
You live with your thoughts . So be careful what they are . Just a thought to have . 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . :) 
Black out day :) an excellent reason to wear all black . 
Sometimes the little things that mean so much we take for granted . It's great to have a night to be with my mom , with a great home cooked meal , and with time to catch up on everything :) 
I can't believe I ordered my class ring today . 
Today , give a stranger one of your smiles . It might be the only sunshine they see all day . 
Honestly , I would love just to go back to bed , but I get to go to school . What joys . 
Spanish 3 Presentation = Phenomenal ! :) It was an amazing experience , but so glad to get it off my shoulders . 
My night has become a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > because of you . & hearts ; 
Being a Christian doesn't mean being perfect . It means being forgiven by a God who is . 
Loved my surprise at school today . & hearts ; NHS later . :) 
Happy Birthday to my beautiful mother :) I had an amazing day with her and the grandparents . They just make my heart smile & hearts ; 
Having an amazing weekend away at the boardwalk with my mom ! :) 
And what are you thankful for ? 
Don't cry because it's over . Smile because it happened . & hearts ; < PROPMALE > 29:11 
I know my life isn't perfect , but I love every part of it . I am so blessed with so many things . My family is here , I have a roof over my head , some pretty great friends , and so much more . Watching Letters To God tonight showed me even more how blessed I am . Everyone have an amazing time together with their loved ones during this special time of the year . 
Having an awesome time with the < PROPMALE > family <3 
The Nativity Story with dad . :) 
And all I can do is pray & hearts ; 
That was probably one of the hardest things in life to do , but I'll try to keep my head up . </3 
“Love me when I least deserve it , because that's when I really need it . ” & hearts ; 
“To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . ” < PROPMALE > 
All I can do is take a deep breath with a faint smile and know that you're in a better place where you won't be hurting anymore . <3 R.I.P Uncle < PROPFIRST > 
As My Uncle < PROPFIRST > would have told me , \the show must go on ! \ " & hearts ; R.I.P. Tomorrows concert will be dedicated to him and all the joy he spread to all through his talents . You will always be remembered . I love you and miss you . " 
#23 - The one who always walks me to choir ? The one who I always seek for in the halls ? This guy is someone who I can talk to about everything and anything . He always can get me to laughing even though < PROPMALE > wants to beat him up for just talking to me , lol . You are one of my best guy friends and yes , one day I'll finally make it to a basketball game , lol . I love you < PROPMALE > :) Don't ever change . 
Just really glad today is almost over ... what a week it has been . Has a couple of things to look forward to <3 
#( : For some reason I had a feeling you were going to give me a something else rather than a number , lol . :) This girl came here last year from Horatio and has helped brighten up our halls . Her facial expressions continously leave me with a smile on my face . She is a pretty amazing dancer . :) I am not really all that close to her , 
#( : but it has been enojoyable having her go to school here . I admire , from what I've seen , her love for God . This is something you really don't see in our generation anymore . I do love you as a sister and I know this brown eyed beauty is going to go far in this world . 
Had a blast with all the youth girls and especially the scavenger hunt ! :) Probably going to be sore in the a.m. at church , but it was so worth it . One if the best times I have in a while . I love you guys . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > - \That's a pretty color ! \ " :) " 
It's finally Wednesday . :) 
A positive thought for the day : The best things in life aren't things . Yes , we may be happy for a day , but not for long term . In the end it is not material things that make us the happiest ; it is those moments , those memories , the love of our family and friends that brings us true happiness - no material thing could ever replace this . 
I love Sunday afternoons with the family . <3 :) 
I'm learning to break free and aim higher than I ever have before . I'm beginning to appreciate even more for the fact that moment may never happen again . I'm opening up like I never thought would be possible again ... and it's all because of you <3 
Greatest man in history named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet He conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with all your heart . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
So ... apparently I need a chair now , lol . 
FInishing up some Christmas shopping in tk with < PROPFIRST > . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! :) 
It's amazing to have so many reasons to smile :) 
Just got out of the movies . Dad and I watched the new Narnia in 3D . I would recommend it to anyone to go watch . It has such a great message . :) 
\There's a place I need to go . Where the stained glass windows glow . Every part of me is known . Thank God I can go there . \"< 3 " 
Sweet snow I thank you for an extended weekend . :) 
Another day filled with snow is yet to come . :) This day is just getting better and better ! 
Sometimes it's people like you who are the only thing who keep me going at times . 
Sore throat+big bowl of ice cream+movie = :) 
Amor omnia vincit <3 
My mind tells me to give up , but my heart won't let me . 
It's such a beautiful day to walk around on the OSU campus . :) 
Had a great time at the OSU campus . :) Met many new people and learned many new things that will further help me in my decision . Now heading to Fayetville . :) 
Enjoying some family time at the Arkansas vs . Lady Vols game here at Fayetville . :) 
Had an amazing birthday with some amazing people . <3 Couldn't have really asked for a better one ! Thanks again to all the people who wished me a Happy Birthday ! :) 
After a wonderful 5 day weekend , I don't believe I want to go to school and especially in this weather . :/ Well , slumming it in the rain boots and sweats . :) 
I find peace when I'm confused and upset . I find hope when I'm let down ; it's all I know . 
Well , another snow day for us . :) Time to go back to bed and catch up on some well needed sleep . 
Enjoying a nice coffee at Stillwell's with my amazing mom . :) 
It's nice to have some quiet time with God this morning after the horrid night I survived . I can assure you already that this will be one heck of a Monday . 
You wonder why . Why I feel so troubled and numb ? I'm sorry to have a heart . Maybe next time you should realize what you do hurts the ones that care about you the most . You know , just saying . 
Woke up for the first time in a while with a smile on my face and a song on my heart . & hearts ; This is the start of one great snow day . :) 
One of the best days ever . Ended with a pretty amazing surprise . :) <3 
When I ran from You , I ran to you . When I tried to hide , I found you there . When I told you no , you knew right where I'd go . <3 
What we are is God's gift to us . What we become is our gift to God . 
When you're far away , take my heart along . I'll be the < PROPFEMALE > to every lonely song that you learn to play . <3 
And I am humbled by knowing that in the end that it'll be something even more beautiful than I could ever imagine . <3 
Good luck to all the pageant girls tonight ! :) 
First Lady Leopards softball game in Genoa tomorrow . :) 
Wonders if I'll ever catch up on my sleep , but it's so worth a win 20-7 over Genoa to start off the 2011 season . :) Way to go Lady Leopards ! 
I can't believe I registered for my senior year of high school tonight . 
Ready to get this epic fail of a day behind me . 
Just the simplicity of a deep conversation with my dad makes my better . :) I love you dad and I can't wait to see you this weekend . I can't wait to share my love for softball with you and all the people in it . 
An amazing time spent with my father . :) This whole weekend has been an eye opener for me . It's amazing how God reveals things to me . <3 It makes me even more excited for what He was in store for me ! 
This has probably been one of the longest weeks of my life and it's only Wednesday . 
Well , the final choir concert as a < PROPMALE > went great ! :) Can't wait for 1:30 to be here tomorrow ! Game at Mena at 4 then my springbreak finally begins ! 
You know all I can say is that God sure does answer prayers . <3 
This time tomorrow I'll be chillin ' beachside , lost in the beauty of one of God's creations . :) 
Such an unforgettable week with the most amazing people worshipping our wonderful God . :) Met some of the most amazing people this week and they won't be forgotten ! I know I'm forever changed because of Him . <3 
So thankful for this life altering week in Florida . Sad to leave , but anxiously anticipating how we will change this town . God , I love you so much and I pray that we shine our light for the < PROPFEMALE > of You and Your kingdom . 
It's amazing that God has called me into the mission field over this past week ! Yes , I'll still pursue my education as a physical therapist , but I believe He is going to use this in the mission field . Please pray for me as He opens all these doors for me and work towards the beginning of this journey to glorify Him even more . God is so amazing ! :) 
Well , another day back in reality and I feel stronger than ever . I pray that the Lord continues to strengthen me and all my brothers and sisters in Christ . I know it is hard and you may be alone at times , but God will always be with us no matter how hard it gets . :) \ 
( < PROPMALE > 41:10 ) 
\Don’t copy the behavior and customs of this world 
Oh , my goodnes ! God surely does provide ! :) The results came back negative and my grandma is cancer free ! Thank you so much from the family for all the prayers and concerns ! :) 
