< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Reserve and < PROPFEMALE > Ale . Yummy !!!!!!! 

Happy New Year everyone . Please be safe in your travels tonight . Raise your glasses , here's to everyone gettin lucky tonight ;) 
............. and 2010 starts 
Kickin Jay-rells ass at HALO 3 !!!!!!!!!!!! 
WOW ..... G-Men gettin spanked !!!! 
The Tahoe comes home to papa today !!! 
Helmet painting picnic tomorrow 1pm Cunion field . Last < PROPMALE > to to have your helmet painted . Come get some food and join the fun . 
Mariners finish out the reg . season with a down home ass stomping of the DC Armor 70-22 . Next stop AIFA playoffs round 1 
Got the 1st Sting win of the season . 20-12 and played everyone . Whew need to work on the Special teams !! 
Heading down to Capital raceway to watch good ol drag racing tonight . 
12 days to the MD Sting home opener . 
Great practice tonight . Playmakers got the best of the dominators this time around . We will see what happens Sunday . OH yeah BTW its 10 days and counting !!!!!! 
Its game day < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!! Tomorrow , Sting vs Nokotas 3pm kickoff at Baltimore Lutheran . 
OK peoples Sting home opener is tomorrow . Baltimore Lutheran School 3pm kickoff . I wont be doin any sleeping tonight , to worked up and in game day mode !!! 
Attn : Sting players please be sure to bring your Drivers Lic or state issued I.D. for the game tomorrow 
OK it's time to welcome the Nokotas into the CFA the < PROPFEMALE > Sting way !!!! Why dont all of you come help us welcome these poor souls . IT'S GAME TIME !!!!!!!!! 
Saw this on a tshirt and I really liked it so i'm going to share . \Hard work always beats TALENT that doesnt work hard \"" 
Just finished watching game film . Wednesdays practice is going to interesting to say the least . 
It's game day Sting players and fans . Time to focus on the job at hand . Going 2-0 and being the sole leader in the CFA central division . 
Sting players ...... be at Overlea HS no later then 4:30 - 5:00 and we are in white jerseys tonight . 
I would rather lose at football then win at soccer . Sorry soccer fans . 
nap time 
Well we lost a tuff one last night . No worries we have to get back to the drawing board and work harder . Back to the basics , blocking and tackling !!! 
Shining the turd like no other ! 
29-0 nice way to bounce back from last week . Beat a very good and physical team in the < PROPFEMALE > Colts . Is firing our D-cord and makin him suit back up !!!!!! hahahaha 
Breakfast with my parents at the Famous < PROPFIRST>'s at Fells Point is going to taste so much better with that shut out we pitched last night . 
Good one Remo 
Hope everyone understands what it takes to build and be a champion . With that said the final pieces to the puzzle are being put in place and not everyone will be happy . However thats the nature of the beast ! (championship beast ) 
The coaching staff and myself just broke down last weeks game film . We laughed we cried and cried and cried . I cant believe we won that game . Everyone's head is on the chopping block !!!!! 
Great game today guys . That by far was the largest team I have ever seen . Way to stay with it till the end . Big week next week we play the 4-0 Rams lets get the work in and make it our 4th win . 
Goin to the Stingettes car wash this morning . Help out their cause . Its from 10am to 2pm on the lot of Cars-4-sale , 2619 North Point Road . Dundalk MD 21222 . Down the street from the North Point Flea Market . 
I hope Chew didnt see that fake punt the Titans did . 
Happy that we are 3-1 however we have not played a really good game yet . I hope we start to pull it together soon so by playoffs we are running on all 8 cylinders . Lets stop talkin about it and be about it . 
Sting travel to the Rams tomorrow . 6pm kickoff . 
WOW , What a game . Im so proud of my guys . We saw adversity and worked our way back . My hats off to you guys !!! 
Heading to < PROPFIRST>'s at Fells Point for some breakfast . Then a ride in the country with our puppy dogs and let then run and get rid of some of that energy so we can have a lazy Sunday . Damn food always tastes better after a WIN . 
Thankful that the roster isnt locked down yet . May have to make some changes do to some tudes we have . Sting way baby . 
Pain heals , chicks dig scars and < PROPFEMALE > lasts forever . 
Well its done . The Sting roster for 2009 is set . Hopes I made the right calls on the last few spots . Feels pretty good about the remaining games this season . Now its time to focus on the job at hand . 
The 2009 MD Sting 55 man roster . 1 Divine < PROPMALE > 2 < PROPMALE > Green 3 < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 4 < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > erts 5 < PROPMALE > Hayes 7 < PROPMALE > Frazier 8 Donell < PROPMALE > 9 < PROPFIRST > Speis II 11 Jarrell Guyton 12 < PROPMALE > Faison 13 < PROPMALE > Balcer 15 < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > WR 16 < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 17 < PROPMALE > Wright 19 < PROPMALE > Ireton 20 < PROPMALE > Poindujour 21 Tristin < PROPMALE > 22 Demarius < PROPMALE > 23 < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 24 < PROPFIRST > Young 25 < PROPMALE > ert J 
Sting nation goes for 5-1 tomorrow in NC . Put your waders on its gonna be a wet one . All Sting players please bring both jerseys tomrrow . See ya at the bus stop at 830 am 
Success as a man is not measured by your accomplishments but how you deal and react to adversity . Once a quitter always a quitter ! 
Fat boys .......... pic 6 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Game address for this week is ...... 14201 School Ln , Upper Marlboro , MD 20772 . Be here at 5pm and we are wearing our White jerseys 
OK 6-1 with another shutout , 28-0 win over the Nokotas . Tired and the penelties are killin me . Please make the bad man with the strips stop throwing the yellow handkerchief . 
Attn Sting players ... The address of where we wil be practicing tomorrow is .... Gunpowder falls golf course , 11101 Raphel Rd Kingsville , MD 21087-1725 
Reality check time . If you have a conversation with someone on here and your doing it via their wall . Each of your friends will see it . So if you dont want people to chime in , then keep it private . Go to chat or send it via a private message . Otherwise dont be upset when someone comments on your conversation . 
Sting vs Trojans Saturday night , Cunion field @ Edgewood park ..... Kick off 7pm . Addmission free .. www.mdsting.net 
6-1 Southern Division leader vs 6-1 Central Division leader tomorrow night at Cunion field in Edgewood MD . Kickoff 7pm . Come watch CFA football at its best . 
6-1 Southern Division leader vs 6-1 Central Division leader tomorrow night at Cunion field in Edgewood MD . Kickoff 7pm . Come watch CFA football at its best . www.mdsting.net 
Good game guys . You played and left everything on the field . I cant ask any more of you then that . Keep ur heads high the ring is still in sight . 
Sting wins 25-0 , Its really nice to see everything come together just in time for the playoffs . 7-2 with the Central Division title on the line next week . Also sit and watched the Edgewood/Joppatowne Steelers sweep the Stembirdge Colts . Way to go Steelers !!!! 
One more score and its a wrap . Sorry Charger fans . 
Can you say < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Weekend is complete . Sting wins , EJ Steelers win , Ravens win !!! 
Central Division crown on the line this Saturday night . Backyard brawl #5 Sting vs Bayhawks . 7pm Cunion field .... www.mdsting.net 
Well looks like the Division title game vs the Bayhawks will be a wet one again . Orange jerseys and black socks . See ya this afternoon . 
Sting wins 3rd consecutive CFA division title with a muddy 14-12 win over the Bayhawks . Time for a glass of Merlot to celebrate . 
Dogs woke us up . Damn my bones hurt . Guess its time to head to < PROPFIRST>'s . 
Sting 3-peats as CFA Divisional Champs !!!! 
Attn Sting players : You have the week off . Enjoy your accomplishment and rest up . The new season starts today . 
Heading up to Cunion field to help out the Edgewood/Joppatowne rec program on their big rec cheerleading compitition today . I hope to see some of my Sting players come up and support EJS . 
OK , I dont normally do this but I cant help myself . If you wonder how a team that had no 1st downs can win a football game ? I have 2 words for ya , SPECIAL TEAMS !!! 
Game film night . zzzZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
The world lost a special lady this evening . Ms < PROPFEMALE > I love you and will miss you . Rest in peace sweetheart . 
Sting practice schedule for the next 2 weeks . Weds 10/7 golf course @ 6pm , Sunday 10/11 golf course @ 4pm , Next Weds 10/14 Tucker field @ 8pm .......... BTW if we win the CFA league championship I'm letting you guys shave my head . 
Advise to the UFL . There should be more contrast between the home team and the visting team uniforms . 
#20 = 6pts 
I wanna personally thank the players that showed up to practice today and put in the work . Its nice to see some of our guys care about how we do in the playoffs . See ya weds nite , Tucker field @ 8pm . Cant wait to hear all the excuses about peeps not showin up . 
This weekend sucks !!!!!! 
Dad was air transported from the country bumpkin hospital in Hagerstown to Hopkins last night ... He's doing soooo much better . It was really uplifting to spend some time with him this evening . Keep the prayers comin ' ... they're truly helping ! 
Sting players and fans . Tonights game has been moved to Copenhavor park . Be here by 5pm Orange jerseys and black socks . 
Sting wins big playoff game vs the Va Hornets 24-14 . Conf . Championship next weekend . Time and place TBA . 
Monday was a good day . Dad shows improvement . Sting gears up to play in the CFA southern conf title game this Saturday . 
Wishes my football team took football as serious as I do . 
My hats off to my guys . You guys deserve this . News Flash : Sting wins CFA American Conf . Championship by defeating the Chesapeake Bayhawks 9-6 . 
Sting players : Practice tomorrow night Copenhavor park 8pm . Helmets only . Please be on time ........ let everyone know 
Attn Sting players : Practice tonight will be at Cunion 8pm , helmets only . 
Anyone goin to the Conshy/LV Steelers game today we are meeting at the Park-n-ride on Rt-95 exit #74 Mtn Rd . 4pm leaving by 4:15 pm 
( 11-1 ) LV Steelers vs the ( 10-2 ) < PROPFEMALE > Sting in the Colonial Bowl < PROPFEMALE > 
When it rains it pours ! 
News Flash ........ CFA Championship game will not be played at North Harford HS ..... Harford Co . School pulled the site from us . More info coming as I get it . 
The CFA championship game has been moved to Conshohocken < PROPFEMALE > . We would hope that all our fans will still come and support us as we battle for the CFA crown . Lord knows you dont get the < PROPMALE > to play in a championship game that often . 97 east 11th ave , Conshohocken < PROPFEMALE > 19428 , 6pm kickoff 
Sting players : practice tomorrow night Weds . Nov 11th at 8pm ... Cunion Field . Helmets only . 
27-24 last second loss in the CFA championship game . What an emotional football game . My hats off to my guys for such a great season . Im proud of you all . You guys deserve to be champions and in my book and everyone else that saw that game you are . Thanks to my coaching staff , the people that helped out and last but not least the fans that came out and suppported us from day one . To everyone ... I thank you !!! 
Time to reflect . 
Is in the mood to call all the fake people out . Actions speak much louder then words . HAHAHAHAHA watchin parking wars . 
Attn Sting players .... we will be having a end of season meeting , date time and location TBA . 
Sting motto for 2010 ... \come to compete or dont come at all\ " ...... more later ! " 
\The toes you step on today may be attached to the ass you have to kiss tomorrow \"" 
Kinda pumped about coachin the American conference all-stars tonight . Takes my mind off all the BS the newbies in town are trying to start . 
Sting players : We need to stop lowering ourselfs with this childish banter that we have been involved in . Lets handle our business and stop making this team famous befoe they even step on the field . 
Steelers lose !!!!!!!!!!! 
Wants to thank everyone that came and supported the Sting this season . : 08 away from a championship . We will be hard at work to get back to that game and make the out come different . 28-9 in three years . Not to shabby . 
On this day we give thanks . So whatever you're thankful for please take today and celebrate it . Happy Thanksgiving everyone . 
Yellow Tail cab ......... Yummy !!!!! 
Attn Sting players : EJS Steelers need our support this Tue at 6pm . Call me for details ..... CoachB 
Wonders why of the Steelers fans gave up before the game even started . This kid Dixon is the real deal . Big < PROPMALE > gets cacussed anymore Dixon will be the man and trust me the Steelers can win with him . Great game . 
STING PLAYERS ... Edgewood/Joppatowne Steelers have asked for our support Tuesday night ... The county wants to put a landfill near Cunion Field & we need to stop this from happening . Come to the Rally & show your support for the community . We have to meet at 201 S Bond St in Bel Air at the old courthouse @6pm . Call CoachB if you need more details . 
People please stop sending me Farmville sh*t !!! 
Attn : Sting players the CC Cannons asked us to play them in a < PROPFEMALE > Bowl < PROPFEMALE > game on Dec 19th . Please call me to tell me who is in . Thanks Guys . 1pm kickoff . 
OK guys I need to know if you guys want to do this . IF I dont hear from anyone im just gonna turn it down . 
sorry steeler fans 
Sorry Skins fans 
Ok Sting family . We are a no go on the Toys for tots game . Didnt get enough replies back . 
Sorry Pats fans 
Indoor season can't come fast enough . Having football withdraws . 
Just set up a pre-season game with the nationally ranked Central Penn Piranha in 2010 . Date and Location TBA . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sting announces partnership with the professional football scouting agency GridIron Placement . GridIron Placement Services is a full time service sports agency and placement company for football players at all levels . 
Bummed out . My little brother is pickin up and movin his family to outta the country for the next 3 to 4 years . Dayum im gonna miss them . 
Congrats to Bama's < PROPFIRST > Ingram winning the Heisman trophy . A truely heart felt speech . 
The Sting end of year meeting will be held at the Ponca Bird Pub sometime in < PROPFIRST > . Time and date TBA very soon . New players can attend this as well . < PROPFEMALE > Xmas and happy New Year !!!! 
Baltimore Mariners post 2010 season schedule ..... www.baltimoremariners.com 
MD Sting post 2010 team meeting . Location : Ponca Bird Pub . Time : Sat . < PROPFIRST > . 9th at 2pm . We will be talking about last year and the up comong season . Vets and new players looking to join the Sting are welcome . We will have reg forms to fill out . No more one liners . This year we are about the business . Come to play football and be in shape . We have a title to win . It starts from day 1 . 
I feel like im on a production line signing Xmas cards . Damn shes a slave driver . Writers cramp !!! 
There may be only 1 unbeatin team in the league after tonight . Cowboys lookin good right now . 
WOW , < PROPMALE > Ware made the Left OT for the Saints look useless . Gonna hate to be that guy at film session . 
OK people . Here we go again . FB is for people to put their opinions or whatever they feel like out on the net . So if you are going to put something out there . Please dont be surprised when someone confronts you about it and a debate starts . The funny is the more you react to it the more people get involved . Thats when it gets interesting . Remember not everyone thinks te same way you do . Happy Holidays !! 
Bout to make the drive home from southern MD .... happy happy joy joy !!! Someone call me and keep me company . 
OMG the Skins hired my old Special teams cord . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone . Please be safe in your travels . 
Congrats TCU great < PROPFEMALE > Bowl victory 
Ravens sneak back to the playoffs ...... If they dont get a pass rush or improve the pass coverage they will be 1 and done . 
WOW , She got a hell of a deal . PBJ and 4 years probation ...... are you kiddin me ? 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer ?. Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ? ) 
Man goes to Steeler ticket office , wants playoff tickets . Teller says no tickets cause Steelers didnt make playoffs . Next day man goes to the ticket office , wants playoff tickets . Teller says no tickets , Steelers didnt make playoffs . Next day man ask again . Finally the teller screams , IVE TOLD YOU NO TICKETS CAUSE STEELE ... RS DIDNT MAKE THE PLAYOFFS . The man replied , I know . I drove from B-more just to hear you say that ! 
Sting Interest Meeting - Saturday < PROPFIRST > 9 at 2:00 pm at the Ponca Bird . Address for the Ponca Bird on the team web site .... www.mdsting.net 
Thanks Guys great meeting today . Nice to see all the new faces out there already . 
Dad came to town for breakfast at Jimmies . < PROPMALE > out for a bit . Gettin ready for the game . Go Ravens !!!! 
Less then 2 months away from the start of arena football season in Baltimore . Should be a great year . Gotta make Baltimore proud !! 
The MD Sting welcome < PROPMALE > Jessop as new GM . Welcome aboard < PROPMALE > . 
We dont get a pass rush soon this game is gonna be wraps . Plus our DBs are trash . 
Whats up with Sharp wearing the Pimp outfit ? 
Gettin picked apart !!! 
Well Baltimore fans , its time to focus on the Mariners now . Come support Baltimore's other professioanl football team . 
woo hoooo someone in purple is playin some ball 
uh oh , Vikings for real 
Nah Hah Hah Nah , hey hey hey .......... good byyyyyyyyyyyyyye !!! 
Its a sad day in Stingville . Our very own < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is moving to Hawaii . Come join us at the ponca bird Pub Friday < PROPFIRST > 29th at 7:30 pm and send < PROPFIRST > off with a bang !!!!!!! 
Did a interview last night with my home town news paper \The < PROPFIRST > Mail\ " havnt done that since college . 20+ years ago ? Damn I feel old . " 
Need to get outta the house !!!!!! Anyone have any ideas ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is acting like a crazy person screaming at the TV 
#1 vs #1 
Im thinking someone is going to give her some voice work in a horror movie with that scream ..... WOW 
Needs some help folks . Need to find a home for an awesome 6 y/o male Chocolate Lab , Fixed , a house dog loves kids ........ Please help . 
STING PLAYERS - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Going Away Get Together is Friday night at the PoncaBird AT 7:30 . Who is gonna be there ? 
Ready for my interview with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . The started playing Denises Youtube clip already on 105.7 . Tune in at 7:30 am . Should be fun . 
OK Folks they are gonna call at 8:15 this morning I was just informed . 
Had a great meeting today , The new MAFL is shaping up nicely . Some nice teams already on board . www.maflfootball.com 
MAFL web site is starting to take form , check it out ..... maflfootball.com 
TD Colts !!!!!!!!!!! 
Still snowed in . Workin from home today . 
New Sting web site up and running . Liken the way its turning out ..... www.mdsting.org 
Quote of the day \i feel like im getting tortured over here ... bitchin n bitchin n did i mention by ugly girls\ " the person that belongs to wishes to remain anonymous " 
Sting meeting tomorrow at the Poncabird Pub , 3pm . For the address and other info goi to ..... www.mdsting.org 
Is pumped that NHRA drag racing season starts today . 
As my man J would say ... Im vibing ! 
Great way to start the 2010 season with a great practice on the 1st day of training camp . 
We are going to see some banging tomorrow . Getting ready for week 1 at Harrisburg . 
We open up in Harrisburg this Saturday . Someone bring me a can opener . 
Feelin like crap tonight . No practice for coach B 
OK feeling better tonight practice from 10 to midnight .... GO MARINERS ! 
BLAH BLAH , BLAH BLAH BLAH 
Sittin here at the MAFL league meeting . Love this rain . 
Greatest show on turf comes to the 1st Mariner arena today at 4pm . 
Great job tonight guys . That was alittle payback for me . Lots of the LV Steelers were on that team . 68-23 beat down baby !!!!!!!! 
Mariners beatdown the NJ Revolution 68-23 . 2-0 and leading our division . 
OMG I just snored with my eyes open . 
Sittin here getting ready to start my meeting . Should be on the golf corse . 
I was to proudly announce that Coach < PROPFIRST > Young will be taking over the Defense this year for the 2010 Sting . 
I want to proudly announce that Coach < PROPFIRST > Young will be taking over the Defense this year for the 2010 Sting 
Team had a good week of practice . Should be another good week in Mariner land . 
Watching some football in flip-flops . How perfect is that !!!!!!!! Then tomorrow the greatest show on turf is back in Baltimore . 
It was nice watching minor league football at the place where I went to high school . What an awesome evening to watch a great game on such a beautiful night . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sting opens up camp . Sunday April 11th . Reg . starts at 1pm and practice begains at 2pm . Be sure to bring your $25 to register and fill out registration form or you wont be able to step on the field . Shorts , tshirts and helmets . Location : Perryhall park . at the intersection of forge road and honeygo blvd . in Perryhall MD . For more information go to mdsting.org 
< PROPFEMALE > Sting opens up camp . Sunday April 11th . Reg . starts at 1pm and practice begins at 2pm . Be sure to bring your $25 to register and fill out registration form or you wont be able to step on the field . Shorts , tshirts and helmets . Location : Perryhall park . at the intersection of forge road and honeygo blvd . in Perryhall MD . For more information go to mdsting.org 
The Sting announce another big addition to the coaching staff with another former team mate of coach < PROPMALE > . < PROPFIRST > Rowland will come aboard to help with the Stings Defense for the 2010 season . Join me in welcoming Coach Rowland to the team . 
I just love being broke down along side of the road . LOL 
49-45 win keeps us undefeted ( 4-0 ) going into the bye week . Time for a break . 
WOOO HOOOO got my Tahoe back . Shew ..... ;) 
Sting try-outs April 11th .... For time and location please visit www.mdsting.org 
Almost forgot how much 98Rock kicks ass . Good stuff ! 
What a day . Should be out on the golf course . 
Happy Easter everyone . Enjoy the day with your families . 
Hit the ball well tonight . My bad babits havn't showed up yet . Im sure they will show themselfs sooner or later . 
If you have comcast watch channel 8 and watch my Mariners beat up on the NJ Revolution 68-23 
Attn : STING PLAYERS & GUYS TRYING OUT FOR THE STING ON SUNDAY 4/11 ... TRYOUTS WILL BE HELD AT CUNION FIELD !!!!! Registration begins at 1:00 pm & Tryouts start at 2:00 
It was nice hangin out with some of my guys tonight at BWW . 2010 Sting season starts Sunday . 
Mariners go 5-0 with a 61-27 win over NJ . / < PROPFEMALE > 
Great win tonight guys . Mariners win 61-27 over NJ . Super effort in the 2nd half gentlemen . Take tonight and enjoy the win . Next week is Reading !!! 
Denises Kung-FU is very strong . She is the master of shining the turd . 
Great game today guys . Mariners go to 6-0 with a 51-27 win over the defending AIFA CHAMPS Reading Express in their house . Next stop for the greatest show on turf , Fayetteville NC . 
Great game last night guys . Mariners go to 6-0 with a 51-27 win over the defending AIFA CHAMPS Reading Express in their house . Next stop for the greatest show on turf , Fayetteville NC . www.baltimoremariners.com 
Proud of my nephew Christian Milburn . He is now a US < PROPFEMALE > . LOVE YOU BRO !! 
On our way down to Fayetteville for our game with Gaurd tonight . Special thanks to the Mariner Maniacs for letting coach Meehan and myself to catch a ride down this morning . 
28-6 at the end of the 1st quarter . go Mariners 
At the end of the 3rd qtr the Mariners 66 Gaurd 19 
73-19 with 14 mins left in the game 
80-19 with 11 mins left in the game . 
81-19 with 10 mins left 
88-19 with 5 mins left 
89-19 
91-19 with 1:46 left 
Its a wrap 91-19 
Edgewood Joppatowne Steelers FINAL REGISTRATION : May 16 , 2010 1pm-230pm Football openings for ages 6 thru 14 , Limited Cheer openings for ages 5-10 . Also we will be taking sign up's for the Sting Clinic which will be held June 6 , 7 & 8 , 2010 . Cost $ 40.00 , tee shirt included . 
Who wants to go hit some golf balls at the range ? 
OK , not sure what I saw tonight . Why would a team drive 10 hours to play a pre-season game and only have 16 players ? Was very dissaponted . After seeing the Outlaws out last the Canes 7-3 in a true battle on the grid-iron . Then I go see 16 kids get distroyed by 60 plus men . Man I'll tell you if thats what that league has to offer I would be making plans to get the HELL out ASAP !!!!!! 
Kickin *** and taking names . The name this weeks name is the Stampede . 50-17 Baby . Can u say 8-0 . 
Great job yesterday to the Mariner golf team . 64 isnt shabby in our first ever tourny . I'll tell ya my back is killin me and im sure coach < PROPFIRST>'s is as well . LOL 
Is on vacation !!!!!!!!!! 
Jammin my mp3 with lots on my mind . On rt-95 headin south . The lighting is nasty . 
attn everyone : < PROPFEMALE > Sting will be having sign ups for the sting football camp cost 40 dollars sign up is at copanhaven park sting shirts will be handed out . need more info call < PROPMALE > jahn at 410-679-1567 or < PROPMALE > at 443-226-5224 ages 6-14 
Mariners stay undefeated with a 63-34 win over the Fayetteville Gaurd . 9-0 baby !!!!! 
Attn Sting players . $150 of your team fees are due by the end of May . If not , we will not be ordering you a uniform . See you guys at practice on Sunday . 
Attn Sting def players ..... the color of practice jerseys will be orange , vets if you want to wear your last years home jerseys ( orange ) please do so .... pass it on . 
HAHAHAHAHAHA ....... was in one of my Liquor stores today and saw the funniest thing ever . Guy came to the counter with 2/40's of < PROPMALE > Cobra , a 6 pack of steel reserve , 2/20's of Icehouse beer and a single roll of Toilet paper . 
1st Night back in the gym in about 7 years . Boy im gonna pay for it tomorrow . 
Sting practice tonight at the Gun Powder Fall Golf Course in Kingsville . 6pm start time . See ya there . 
Sting players : We will have last years jerseys and game pants for anyone that wants to buy them to use for practice . Orange and white is avaliable . Jerseys $20 pants $10 ..... Dont forget practice today at Cunion file in Edgewood 2pm . See ya there . 
Attn Sting players .... No practice Sunday . Enjoy your Holiday weekend . Please be safe see ya Weds . 
The Washington Stonewalls of the MAFL is looking for a few pre-season games on the weeks of June 19th - 26th . If your interested please contact < PROPMALE > Moore @ 240-486-4680 or you can look for < PROPMALE > on my Facebook friends list . 
Heading to Richmond . Let's make it 1 0-0 . 
Misses the old days of football . When you only talked SH*T after you win . Back then respect was taken not given . 
LOL , Broke down in VA just 45 mins from Richmond . We live for adversity , 1 0-0 baby !!!!!!!! 
Still broke down , however guys are in great spirits . I should feel sorry for Richmond but I don't . 1 0-0 all day !!!!! 
Aww OHHHHH ........ we switched buses , bringin the thunder to Richmond . Ya cant run from it . Just dig in and hold tight . 
Mariners go 1 0-0 with a 57-39 stomping of Richmond . Keep bringing in the talent to platy us . IT JUST DOESNT MATTER ..... Mariners all day !!!!! 
Led by five touchdown passes from \ 
E.J. Nemeth , including four to Scorpio Brown , the Baltimore Mariners defeated the \ 
Richmond Raiders 57-39 to run their record to 1 0-0 and clinch their second straight \ 
playoff berth . With the win the Mariners set an American Indoor Football Association \ 
( AIFA ) record with their tenth straight win to open the season . 
thinks every day should be memorial day with everyone showing emmence gratitude and thanks to the past fallen heros of this this great countries armed forces . Thank god for those great men and women , our lives today would never have been the same without their supreme sacrafice ..... never , ever forget ! THANK YOU ! 
Been up dating the web site .... Let me know how ya like it . www.mdsting.org 
2010 Sting uniforms have been ordered . We are no longer accepting any new players . Good Luck to everyone in their up coming seasons . 
Respect commands itself and it can neither be \ 
given nor withheld when it is due . It must be taken through the \ 
collective efforts of those who strive for excellence . \We \ 
11-0 BABY ! Mariners are AIFA conf champs with a 51-34 win over the Erie Storm . 
Eastern Conference regular season Champions ! Finally the 1st Mariner arena gets to house one of our banners now . Im proud of you guys . 
The kids wore me out today . Day one of the 1st annual MD Sting Youth football camp is in the books . What a great day . Day two tomorrow evening . 
To my Sting players . Im so proud of all of you . You guys far exceeded my expectations today . You coached down at their level and made these kids have a true life experience today . Thank you all from the bottom of my heart . DONT FORGET ABOUT TOMORROW AND TUE . 
Sting web site is updated with pictures from the camp . www.mdsting.org 
Sting practice tonight has been canceled . 
DON'T FORGET ... The < PROPFEMALE > STING is having a BULL ROAST on Friday June 25 from 8:00 pm-Midnight at the Parkville Heritage Gardens . Tickets are $40 . All you can eat & drink . If you are interested in going , please message me or any other Sting player for tickets . THANKS FOR YOUR SUPPORT !! 
Attn Sting Players .... Weds . practices will be held at Cunion field till further notice . 
My Heart is Crushed 
OK I need to try to get some sleep . Not that I'll get any sleep . Heavy heart , football doesnt seem so important right now . Tell your loved ones that you love them . You never know when your time will come . Good night and God Bless 
Woke this morning hoping last night wasn't real and was just a bad dream . < PROPFIRST > , I know the pain won't go away anytime soon . I Love you man and I'm here for you in any way you need me . 
Today was such a bitter sweet and sour day for me . My Mariner family we faught a tuff emothional game winning on the last play of the game . Yet my happiness soon went away when I think about the smile on < PROPMALE > s face when coachin up the kids last week and knowing I'll never get to see that again . We will honor < PROPMALE > Lundy's life . 
Vacation starts this afternoon . LOL In need of it BIG TIME !!!!!!!!! 
84-6 ..... wow that just happened . Nice job guys . 13-0 now 
Sting Bull Roast tonight !! It's not too late to buy tickets at the door . $40 all you can eat & drink at Heritage Parkville Gardens . 8pm - midnight . If you need any info , message me . 
WOW , What a blast at the Sting Bull Roast tonight . Thanks for everyone who came partied and supported the Sting family . Pics will be posted soon . 
Made history with a 69-35 ass whoooping of Reading . Mariners 1st team ever to go 14-0 
Good stuff today guys . We played well in all 3 phases of the game . Vets and rooks looked pretty good . I like what I saw as a building point . Lets keep working hard and continue to improve . Props to the Defense and Special Teams . You guys looked like we have been doin this for months . Offense we did a nice job but maybe next time the Defense will let us get some more reps . Sting-37 Cowboys-0 
Tryin to set this game up with the Pirates for this Saturday . After Sunday I feel ur ready to play again guys . IF your in let me know . Thanks . 
Sorry guys there will be no Sting - Pirates game this weekend . 
OK guys , The game for Saturday with the Pirates is off . We will see them in Nov . Lets have a good practice tonight . 
Looks like its a Harrisburg - Baltimore showdown for the AIFA Eastern Conference Championship . Saturday July 10th . Kick off 7PM at the 1st Mariner Arena . Tickets are $10 . Contact me if you want to catch a great game . 
Attn Sting WR's ... QB's ... RB's , we are going to have a non-contact workout day at Patterson Park . Be there at 12 noon . Bring your play books . Thank you 
Watching the Hard Knocks marathon . Hope you guys see what it takes to get to the next level . Hard work and dedication 
The Dogs have had a long weekend with all the fire works going off . Tonight will be the worst yet . Nothing like a 95 pound dog freaked out jumpin into you lap and shedding big time from the stress . 
Sting players ..... Tomorrows practice will be helmets and jerseys , no pads . Make sure you're on time we have 3 more practices before our season opener . 
Just throwing this out there ...... If you take time in your life to play football ( real football ) . Why dont you put 100% into it ? I hear everyday why someone cant do this and cant do that . IF your heart isnt in it , then go play flag football or volleyball . This game isnt made to go half assed . So if you are strapping it up , go 100% all the time or just stay home and watch from the side lines . 
Its funny when you find out someone isnt who you thought they were . You live and you learn . 
Going to the CHAMPIONSHIP BABBBYYYYY !!!!!!! Stomped on Harrisburg 63-15 . 15-0 One more to go . 
WOW great crowd tonight . Best I have ever seen . Hope we get that turnout in 2 weeks . \ 
Lets do it ! 
Sting practice tomorrow night helmets and jerseys only . 
Great Practice tonight . Im feeling we are ready . GOOO Sting !!!!!!! 
Sting fans ........ We need someone to film our games . We have a Digi-corder and a tripod . We just need someone to film for us . Hit me up if you know someone that can help us out . 
Out with the old and in with the new . Sting all day . 
Sting family , we need someone to film the game today . We have all the equipment to do it . 
Folks we have a filmer for game day . Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > . 
Its game day 
Its game day Sting family . Let's get it !!!! 
Congrats to my Sting players . You guys sucked it up in the heat today and brought home 27-15 win . Lets keep working hard and move forward . 
If your from my home town , Hagerstown . Check out WHAG news tonight at 6pm . They are doing a story on the coaches from Hagerstown Coach < PROPFIRST > and myself 
Just finished the last Mariner practice of the season . Im so honored to have made and shared all the memories with my fello coaches and players this 2010 season . Lets finish this right and make one more for the books . 
OMG thank god there isn't a 24 rule for coaches ...... thanks Boordy vinyards 
Sting players ..... please no drinkin tonight and drink plenty of water today and tonight . Its going to be crazy hot tomorrow . 
Well after a not so great start to the weekend . Winning the AIFA Mega Bowl and finishing a perfect 16-0 just turned everything around . Feels really good . 
Attn Sting family and fans . We can use alittle help this evening . Our awesome film lady has to work tonight and wont be film our game . If anyone can do the filming for us tonight we will be very greatful . Thanks . GO Sting !!!!!!! 
Feels good to get back in the W column again . Nice job guys . See ya Weds . 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grew up saying this every morning in school - it's a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending ... someone ) . NOW , LET'S SEE HOW MANY ... < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST ... AND NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING ANYONE !!! 
MAFL player of the week web poll is up and running . Go vote for who you feel is the MAFL player of the week . www.maflfootball.com 
Sting family we need someone to film the game tomorrow . Thanks 
Wishes people would think for themselves sometimes . \Sigh \"" 
Well a win is a win . I'll take it . 
If she keeps making me watch these shows my man card is going to be revoked ! 
Its game day and im drained already . Give me strength . 
Needs a vaca , oh yeah its football season . Cant do that . 
Proud of the way my guys finished the game tonight . Great job guys . Just gotta learn to overcome our mistakes when they happen . Dont let your feelings get in the way of our success . 
Just watched the greatest footbal movie ever . \Rudy\ " Always brings a tear to my eyes at the end of the movie . The football gods always knows how to pick me up when im down when it comes to football . Lady of victory ... Pray for us . " 
Week #7 on its win or no playoffs . Time to dig deep down in your heart and pull out your A game . \NO EXCUSES \"" 
Even through defeat we gained character and thats something to be proud of . Good game guys dont let your heads drop . You have nothing to be ashamed of . 4-3 now lets make the remaining games something for everyone to talk about . Hurricanes 20 Sting 13 . 
Attn Sting Players . No practice this Weds 9/1 . Enjoy your week off . 
Needs to get back out on the Golf course soon . Who is with me ? 
Watchin Hard Knocks baby 
Needs to go hit some golf balls . Who wants to go ? 
Attn Sting players the game vs the Baltimore Pirates will be on Oct 2nd . 
Thanks to everyone that sent me such kind Birthday wishes . God Bless you all . 
Playin Zaam in some Tiger Woods Golf . Stickin with him too . LOL 
Is not spatting any more folks . But still taping ankles . 
Nice win guys . Lets finish the season out on a good note . 5-3 now . Keep working hard . See ya Weds . 
My prediction : < PROPFEMALE > 27 Jets 14 
shew ....... 
When I look at the youth of today I wonder how the hell we are gonna survive . There is a culture of say and do what you want with no reprucussions . Just a thought . < PROPFIRST > Stout 
Just got home from watching my Highschool but a beat down on Loch < PROPFEMALE > HS 60-13 
Sting players ... Game is at Copenhaver Park , 8pm kickoff . We are meeting at Cunion at 530-6 for taping and warm up . White Jerseys 
I have to say that im so proud of my players and coaches . What an amazing game . Even though we came out on the wrong end of a 34-33 barn burner . The future looks bright for the Sting . Yes I believe the guys that quit on us really did do us a favor 
Great way to finish the 2010 season with a 30-26 win over the Southern Div Champs Metro Nemesis . We have alot to good things to build on for next year . One more task at hand . Pirates next week then a much needed break . Proud of yiou guys tonight . 
Great way to finish the 2010 season with a 30-26 win over the Southern Div Champs Metro Nemesis . We have alot to good things to build on for next year . One more task at hand . Pirates next week then a much needed break . Proud of you guys tonight . 
OK folks . Time change f0r the Sting Pirates game . The new kickoff time is at 6pm at Cunion Field in Edgewood . 
OK 4pm is the offical kickoff time . Spread the word . 
The game with Pirates is Saturday Oct 2nd 4pm at Cunion field in Edgewood 
Attn Sting players . A team in < PROPFEMALE > close to my home town Hagerstown wants us to come up and play them . Oct 16th . Afternoon game and they pay for the refs . Let me know if you wanna do this . It will be our last game of the year . Call me if you have any questions . 
Hey friends and family .... Looks like im going to bring the Sting to Greencastle to play in a postseason game vs the Waynesboro Tigers Oct 16th . Time and Location TBA 
The neighborhood crack hoe was at it bright and early . 5 cop cars and a medic unit with all the pretty lights of Vegas . Happy Friday everyone . 
The Sting-Pirates game is still on . 4pm at Cunion tomorrow . 
Nice win today guys 60-12 over the Baltimore Pirates . Now can we rest a bit . Hagerstown/Greencastle in 2 weeks . 
OK Sting beats Pirates 60-12 . OK can we stop with all the chatter and move on , EVERYONE ? 
OK ... Crack Hoe update .... Cops get called and she run from them , gets in her car , trys to run over a cop gets pulled outta the car and get tazzered . Crack Hoe meet < PROPFEMALE > Wagon . Sounds like a quiet night ahead . 
The < PROPFEMALE > Sting is looking for LB and WR position coaches for the up coming 2011 season . 
Damn , Lost a < PROPMALE > today from back in school . R.I.P. Gipper wow im really at a loss for words . My prayers go out to his family and friends . SMDH 
They need to bench < PROPMALE > again . 
Attn Sting players ..... Practice Weds night 6pm @ Patterson park . Text me and let me know if your coming or not . ( 410-790-2167 ) 
Sting players ... Practice tomorrow night at Patterson Park , 6pm .... Helmets and jerseys 
Attn Sting players ..... We are meeting at the Travel Plaza on Odonnel St. at 8:30 Saturday morning and will be leaving at 9am , White Jerseys 
STING vs the Waynesboro Tigers ... Saturday Oct 16 ... Kickoff is at 1:00 ... 101 E . Main St , Fayetteville , < PROPFEMALE > 17222\ 
\ 
Sting players : If anyone wants to carpool , we are meeting at the Baltimore Travel Plaza Saturday morning at 8:30 and we'll be leaving at 9:00 . That's exit 57 off of I-95 . White Jerseys . \ 
GOOOOOOO STING !!! 
Well it was fun watchin my guys roll with a 68-0 win today . Time to relax now . 
Thanks to my friends and family that came up and saw the game today ... Really ment alot to me . 
This Wine is off the hook .... Yummy . 
Damn there is no consistency with the Ravens Offense . 
The world is full of flakes ... LOL 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if ... you are in the military , love a military member , or appreciate our troops . 
OH BOY looks like the Bills gonna pick on our weak link ..... Well Mr Washington you better step it up . 
OK my bad , Both corners equally suck . 
Cam and Divine .... Get your shit and meet me at M&T Bank Stadium . Theses guys need some help . 
Cam and Divine .... Get your shit and meet me at M&T Bank Stadium . These guys need some help . 
I\ 
believe in Jesus Christ . One of my facebook friends challenged al\ 
facebook friends challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In\ 
the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny\ 
you in front of my father , at the Gates of Heaven . This is a simple\ 
... test . If you love God and are not afraid to show it repost this . See More 
If the Cowboys wanted to join the MAFL next year id say hell nooooooo . Their not good enuff . SMH 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th \ 
Happy Veterans Day to all the past present and future Vets . God Bless you all for making this country safe under your watch . 
Looks like the Cowgirls are having their way with the Gmen . 
OK im exhausted now ...... Shewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww . 
Attn Sting players .... If you want to ball in the spring I have joined the Baltimore Warriors . We practice at Druid Hill park every Saturday at 12pm . 
Raising my glass of wine and wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving . Enjoy some quality time with your family and friends . Please be safe in your travels . 
Back home in H-town about to get my grub on with my family . Hope everyone has a great Turkey Day !!! 
Never play the Lions on Thanksgiving Day . Just saying . 
FOR ANY STING PLAYERS INTERESTED ... Sunday , November 28th at the Applebee's in Bel Air the HFG Youth Wrestling club is having a Flapjack Fundraiser . This is an all you can eat pancake and sausage breakfast , including coffee , orange juice , soda and tea . This event raised alot of money for them last year . $7 for adults $5 for kids . 8am - 10 am . The address is 1225 Churchville Road , Bel Air , 21015 ... 
Atthe request of a Facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say a prayer for the US \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . Please re-post this " 
I love it when someone tries to sell something they have to try to bring down what others are doing to make themselves look better . Word of advise , never promiss something you may not 100% deliver . 
OK this gay ass #'s game is gettin outta control . Ya gettin deleted if you playin it . Find something else to do with your time . 
Game night with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Jammin out in my truck to my < PROPFIRST > Buble Xmas CD 
About to crush this Outback Steal n Lobster meal . 
Who What ???????????? 
Daaayyyyuuumm !! < PROPFEMALE > just beat the brakes off me in fantasy football this week for 3rd place . 200 plus points . Need to drink my sorrows away . 
My thoughts and prayers go out to the family , team mates and friends of < PROPFIRST > Gamble . What a tragedy to such a good person . RIP < PROPFIRST > 
KC is getting pressure with 3 pass rushers .... SMH 
Pro Choice or Pro Life ? and why .... 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised !! Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!!! 1% will re-post and 99% of the people on Facebook won't have the spine or guts to re-post this to their wall . I KNOW I'm the 1% , what about you ? 
Today is a sad day . We lay to rest one of the good guys . RIP < PROPFIRST > 
TUCHDOWNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN 
Ravens dont deserve to win . Biggest self destruction I have ever seen . WOW 
Was woken by a Truck horn this morning .... 
That's ok . We brought the city a ring . 
Theres nothing like having the perfect dog ... til he eats a turd . SMH !!! 
Headin to the gym . 
OK day #1 under my belt . I'll give myself a B- today . Cardio went better then I thought it would . 
Where ya at SHitsburg !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Nice catch 
That turf is bangin up some people 
This half time show suxxxxxxxx 
Let start up the 2nd half for C sake . 
wow ... hey steeler fans ? Did ya see that ? 
I smell a Ravens game again 
That was a catch .... IMO of course 
Nicely done 
5 drops tonight for < PROPMALE > 
its overrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
woooooooooo hoooooooooooooooo 
PACKERS WINNNNNNNNNNNN 
OK this is where all the Steelers fans tell everyone in the world about thier 6 Rings 
Damn people are so sensitive these days ... SMDH 
Attn Balt Warriors ... Game time has changed be at the field @ 1pm 
Headin to the gym 
Breakfast at < PROPFIRST>'s ( check ) weekly visit to the super market ( check ) time drop a duse and hit the gym 
STING MEETING !! Sunday March 6th at 2:00 pm . Poncabird Pub , 1719 Poncabird Pass , Baltimore , MD 21224 . If you are interested in playing for the Sting come out & see what we are about . This is the time to meet the coaches and get to know your teammates ! If you would like to pre-register for the season bring $25 or you can register at the first try out in March . GOOOOO STING ! \ 
www.mdsting.org 
Cant sleep and watching \Lockup RAW\ " eeehhh " 
UUUUUUUggggggg cant sleep 
Feels good to get back in the Gym . 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this ... in the status of all my friends 
The state of < PROPFEMALE > is trying to charge a Alc . tax of 10 cents per oz . This would be a sin tax that would hurt lots of businesses and hurt the whole wine and spirits industry . It will also increase the cost of having fun by more then 50% . Please contact your local Gov official and tell him your not for this tax . Please repost this . Thanks 
Totally blindsided tonight . WOW ! 
Killed the shoulders tonight . WHAT A DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ITS GAME DAY !!!!!!! Get your mind right and your body will follow . 
Cant sleep .... stressed 
Happy St Patricks Day everyone . 
Drink of the day ..... the dirty < PROPFEMALE > man .... < PROPFIRST > Collins < PROPFEMALE > whiskey , sweet and sour mix garnish with a orange slice and a < PROPFEMALE > 
Its gonna be a long sleepless night . I can feel it already . SMH !! 
OK , so why do people feel they have to put everything they do out on the net ? I dont get it . But I think I'll try it . 
Just finished my Protein drink ... Yummy 
Just pet Diesel 
Time for my morning deuce 
< PROPFEMALE > drink time 
