Two years left ! 

Well , this winter is sucking really bad this far . I think some people need to keep their opinions about snow to themselves , maybe then we'll get some decent weather . 
Its ... snowing ... 
I predict snow this weekend . 
no longer has satellite internet :o ( but will be worth it as soon as that A-hole < PROPFIRST > Sullivan is gone for good . One more week . 
Well , the deadline for the squatters to leave our future home has come . Aaaand , they aren't leaving . Now we have to wait for the sherrif to come and evict them , which could take days , even weeks . I'm not happy . 
is still waiting ... AND SHE HATES WAITING ! 
Thanks to everyone who thought of me on my birthday , more than a week late . I guess I should check facebook more often ... kind of a pain on dialup . 
Satalite is back ! its on like donkey kong ! whaaat ?! that's right I said it . 
Spring during winter was pretty cool , but winter during spring sucks ! 
Waiting for the serv -- I mean helpers to arrive to start burning yard debris . going to have hot dogs and marshmallows and macaroni salad . hrmm , now I'm hungry . 
So < PROPFEMALE > got me a job cleaning cabins * gulp * I start Friday . Needless to say , I'm a bit nervous about it . This will only be the second real job I've ever had , but the first with supposedly sane employers , so it will be interesting regardless . And my paychecks shouldn't * crosses fingers * bounce . 
When < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was born the only one who cried was the doctor . You don't slap < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Well , I just discovered a problem with my croc-pot . It's not cat proof . Now I have to figure out how i'm going to leave it long enough to get < PROPFIRST > from work without the cat getting into it ... I'm going to try weighing the lid down with a couple of heavy cans to see if he figures out how to knock them off . Oh , the joys of having a cat with an above average intellect . 
aaaah , theres nothing like sitting on the couch sipping a cup of good coffee while listening to the rain outside . Now if only there was some heat ... 
Just so people know , Cathaleen has moved to room 2027 , just a bit down the hall , feeling a bit queezy tonight , but still ready to go home . 
Thought my water pipes had frozen , but it just turned out to be the breaker at the well had tripped . I'm so glad I braved the arctic tundra to hike out to the well and check it :o ) 
how is it that I'm burning up all my wood , but not really creating any heat ? 
I don't think I've ever seen it snow on thanksgiving before , I think I like it ! :op 
Port Angeles : 9 inches\ 
Oak Harbor : 9 inches\ 
North Bend : 14.5 inches\ 
Concrete : 12 inches\ 
Mount Vernon : 15.5 inches\ 
< PROPFEMALE>'s House : 2 inches ... 
