is still trying to figure out this interface . 

can't afford a new drum < PROPFEMALE > . -_- 
is shooting zombies and filling out job apps . 
Is all set up for the semester . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Is driving himself insane and is going on a long walk to clear his mind . If anyone feels like calling or texting , by all means go ahead . 
Back for a bit . 
Going for another long walk if anyone feels like coming along . 
No takers ? Alright then , I'm out . 
Sigh . 
Is really , Really , REALLY sick of himself . 
We start up this fire , with hope and < PROPFEMALE > , That someone will wake tonight . We start up this fire even though we are tired , Someone must wake up tonight . 
Well New Year's is going to suck . 
Is bleeding profusely and going for a walk . Yes at 4 AM . 
College in 3 days , yay 
\And how does that work ?? -- You're a bicycle ! \"" 
Long day ... 
\You should have seen / The curse that flew right by you / < PROPFEMALE > of concrete / Sting walks crutch hobbled and sway / Auto de fé / A capillary hint of red / Only this manupod / Crescent in shape has escaped . \"" 
\I will give your heart a place to rest when everything you had has turned and left . \"" 
So , who wants to go to NY for a concert at the end of March ? :) 
I'm finally in a place where I should be happy . And I'm more miserable than ever . Damnit . 
Might have broke his foot AND toe today . In seperate accidents . 
La Dispute , March 5th , who's going ? 
Did the Applebarn re-open ...? 
The one thing I want most in life is a text message . Yes - a text message . And the one I'm looking for , I'll probably never get . 
\I have the greatest faith in fools / Turned my back and / Out came the wolves \"" 
\And the day begins to break / Like the tears that run across your cheek / Stand straight and imagine you then / In things and the way they could have been / When the thoughts they race across your < PROPFEMALE > / Here in the Neverend \"" 
So ... 
\So wait up / I'm not sleeping along again tonight / There's so much to dream about / There must be more to life \"" 
Why did I wait so long to write this damn essay ? 
\When it's time to get in to bed with a head full of dreams / Pocket full of loose change ripping at the seams / Hard to keep moving with a head full of steam / Hard to gain perspective when your eyes won't close \"" 
Had the most horrifying dream of all time last night ... 
I'd post my urban definitions ... but you know , family on FB . 
\Look at how they flock to him / From an isle of open sores / He knows that the taste is such / Is such to die for / And I hear him every night / On every street / The scales that do slither / Deliver me from ... \"" 
Getting ready for a clean install ... Goodbye Vista , hello 7 . 
That was ... painless . 
Got kicked out of a resturaunt this morning , lol . 
Woohoo , my life is pathetic right about now . 
\Pray for the Broken \"" 
\This season's growing cold / I fear this might be the end / And there's not sign of hope / We've got a Crisis on our hands ! \"" 
Or , you know , not . 
Sigh , wish I could quit . 
Spaghettification ... epic . 
2 days until I get to be radioactive ... at 5:45 in the morning ... woo . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day ... how depressing . 
< PROPFIRST > Portnoy is going to be Avenged Sevenfold's studio drummer . Crazy stuff . 
is content . 
\One Nine Seven Seven ! One Nine Seven Seven ! \"" 
Going to be an uncle soon ... kind of weird . 
Leaving for Wisconsin . Peace . 
In Wisconsin , keeping my nephew entertained for bit . :) 
Got home a little bit ago ... so tired . 
Portal 2 ! :D 
Finally rested up . 14 hours of beautiful sleep . No dreams to make me feel bad , no interruptions . 14 hours of blissful oblivion . 
Had a bhut jolokai pepper ... my advice , NEVER have one . EVER . I thought habaneros were bad ... 
Wouldn't it be nice to be an emotionless robot ? I think so . 
What a waste of good weather . 
Ah , Dr. Horrible , you always cheer me up . 
So what is it about me that makes people stop wanting to even talk to me ? I'm really curious . 
I'm so pissed right now , the andrenaline is AMAZING . 
You know what ? Fuck this shit . I'm done updating this thing . Regret making it in the first place . 
Last Facebook post , tired of it , kind of wish I hadn't made it . Peace people . 
Misunderstandings really suck . Especially if it happens on both sides . Guess I'm posting on here again . 
The neon in my computer broke . So sad :( . 
Well . Today has completely blown hardfuckingcore . 
Apparently my Battlenet account got hacked ... 
Luckily I know how to counter-hack ! :D 
In desperate need of adventure ... 
Power is out ... Bleh . 
Damn ... I forgot my flashdrive at home . 
So ..... 
Shit ... So ... Who's up for going to Boston ? 
Writing my solution paper , yay . 
YOBR songs on RB tomorrow .... Exciting ! 
I'm amazed I didn't get a bruise from that cue stick ... 
Editing my solution paper , yay . 
Last day of class , woo . 
Monster < PROPMALE > Tri = Amazing . 
Stupid reflection essay ... 
My endeavors just to get a cup of coffee tonight were ridiculous . 
\Each night I wish to God he'd let her rest . This hurts me more than any man could bare . She's my angel from the west . There will never be one to take her place . \"" 
Had an amazing exit interview with my CLS teacher . 
Made my famous pancakes , along with banana bread , coffee and eggs for breakfast ... good start to the day . Off to my final exam for math . 
\I'm On A Boat\ " was playing in my head for my whole math exam ... " 
So ... still haven't even started this essay ... 
There , essay is done with plenty of time to spare ! :) 
And ... that's that . Feels great to be finished . Summer is here , three cheers to the easy life ! 
It's official , 4.0 baby :) 
New season of Futurama ? Holy crap ! 
I hate having to hurt someone just to make their life easier . 
I walk so freely among the damned , \ 
at time it seems we're hand in hand . 
Today was pretty boring ... Mom didn't want to do anything ... 
What to do ... what to do ... 
I'm the patron saint of putting it all on black when it always comes up red . 
Wow ... iTunes customer suppost is horrid . 
If you ever drop your keys into a pool of lava , forget about them , ' cause , \ 
man , they're gone ... 
Made my 5 cheese macaroni tonight ... mmm mmm mmm . 
Quidquid latine dictum sit , altum viditur . 
Nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool ... 
A committee is a group of the unwilling , chosen from the unfit , \ 
to do the unnecessary . 
What's with all these < PROPFEMALE > gaming comps being made ?... They overheat like crazy , waste of money . 
Nice weather today :) 
14 days ' til Atlantic City ! Going to be epic ... 
I'm in a really good mood ... and cannot sleep . It's interesting . 
Oh , sunburn , how I have not missed your presence . 
12 days and 600 < PROPMALE > ... 
Beautiful day ... windows and doors open , time for some spring cleaning while I'm inspired . 
Had a good day . Got lots of cleaning done , decent walk , and a couple of great books to break the monotony of the trips I'll be taking soon . 
Went to the beach today , fun times . Fenced off the dunes though ... 
Did you ever really think that you'd expose the truth that pains the < PROPFEMALE > ? And in their asking , did you see their lie , the motive true and < PROPMALE > side ? Four in the morning , should they wake up ? Or see them precious in this sleep ? Every step should break the same with every move and every need . 
Hehe , Shabutie . Jersey bound , when sound asleep they'll find you at your most vulnerable . Pole position - speak up , let out . When down the street the corner boys fuck shit up . 
Jersey bound baby , be back monday-ish . 
Home . The concert was AMAZING , crowd had so much energy . I was in the middle of it all for most of the time , and got to clasp < PROPMALE>'s hand after crowd-surfing :) . Also , Pennsylvania is such a gorgeous state to drive through ... I'll have to take a trip there sometime . 
Bored ... Confused ... Going to find something to do I guess . 
I have a feeling tomorrow is going to be another long day . 
A very eventful week ... a very eventful week indeed . 
\Did you see him walk out the door ? It was like he was married to < PROPFEMALE > ... but having an affair with legendary . \ " - NTC " 
Yaaaaaaay , parking ticket . $100 ? No problem ... 
Mmm ... chocolate marshmallow milkshakes . 
Saw that one coming from a MILE away . FML . 
E3 started ... Rockband 3 already announced . New MGS looks good . Fallout : New Vegas has me panting . Gears 3 looks pretty slick . New game from the guys who did Bioshock . Tons of stuffs already . 
Need to find ways to keep myself occupied . 
Going for a walk . 
Slowly going insane ... 
Made the < PROPFIRST>'s List ... brightened up my day a bit . 
There it went . 
I want to rip out my brain and re-hardwire it . God it would be nice to change . 
So ... yeah . Coheed's coming to Grand Rapids now . See them twice in one year ? I think so . 
Really ? Of ALL the bottles that could have fallen , it was THAT one ? Dammit . 
\Last of all Húrin stood alone . Then he cast aside his shield 
I'll sit upon your gravestone as the demon laughs at the ghost you have become . Death suits you well , as your legacy will be none . 
Why Disturbed ...? Why ? A song on global warming ...? Really ? 
Nooooooo ! Don't Americanize Doctor Who ! it won't end well ! 
Not . Happy . At . All . 
I hurt someone , so bad . I will never let myself forget . 
Had a good birthday yesterday :) \ 
\ 
Also ... R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Pekar . 
Season 4 of The Guild today , yay ! 
Yltfos os kaeps 
Mmmmmmm eel . 
\The young stale memories of ; play the role to your part . Librarian find me the pole ; the one that kicks your head in . To my own time ; roll your innocence by . Grab on to my sleeve ... the one that grabs at your ankle ! \ " - Time Consumer " 
When I'm near you I don't speak . I barely look , I'm afraid you'll see in my face . 
I've come to a huge fork in my life , and now I see it revealed ... I hope I make the right choice and am strong enough to move forward with it . 
Just saw the biggest spider I've ever seen in my life crawling on my bed . Needless to say it is extremely dead at this point . 
Going out on a date . :) 
Date last night went extremely well . 
3 days to Coheed ... 
Mmm job training . 
Easily the best concert I've ever seen last night . So much energy from the crowd . Got signatures and got to hug < PROPMALE > . :) 
It is sad when you rely on an illusion you have thrust upon yourself to function . It is even sadder when you have to crawl and claw your way back up to reality after that illusion has been shattered . 
If I wanted your two cents , I'd < PROPMALE > you . 
Smells like fall . :) 
Interesting day . Short version : Turkish coffee is legit and filling out 30 pages of tax forms suuuuucks . 
GRCC really needs another parking ramp ... 
Portal 2 has c o-o p ?! That's sick ! 
First paycheck of a new job ... ahh the joy . 
Here we are ; the wicked . We , the cursed\ 
and damned you spit upon . Bitter irony sets in , as you realize we are\ 
going to save you . Wipe the pity and hatred from your eyes , we have no use for\ 
it . 
I love this job , such a thrill when the students finally understand something I'm helping them with . 
There's a Dr. Horrible comic series ? Must ... purchase .... 
It's amazing to say everything is good . 
I think I'm in love ... my new monitor is SICK . 
6 hours to go today ... Crap . 
My face hurts . This weekend sure has been ... eventful , if not terrible . 
Huh . Turns out I'm color blind . 
Oh ... it's 9:40 ... Oh , shit ! It's 9:40 ! 
WTB artist ... 
A lava red glow emerged from the\ 
keyboard and a greenish-blue sepia-hue infected everything ; and so it began . 
Married to < PROPFEMALE > , having an affair with legendary . 
Hmmm . What to do to keep from getting bored ... 
New phone , same number . Feel free to call / text so I can get your number in . \ 
Also , was reminded of my favorite word today : PHANTAAAAASMAGOOOORIA !! 
Snow , and me without my jacket for once , woo . 
All the crazy shit I did tonight , those will be the best memories . I \ 
just want to let it go for the night , that will be the best therapy for \ 
me . 
Man . I am such an idiot . Again ... and again ... and again . 
Discussing bottleneck genetic drift and all I can think about is Jedi ... wow I'm a nerd . 
TG Break starting .... now , yay ! 
I Shawtrcwbky . 
The silence crept over us , as we spoke of mercy and love . The cold that blanketed us was enough to make someone ache to the bone , yet , we didn't notice it a bit in the face of our revelations . All we were , and all we would ever be , was laid out on the stone between us . In that shared instant , we knew things would never be the same . 
Look in the flames , the ashes have names . 
Huh . My privacy settings were all crazy ... thanks FB . 
I am the maniac , I am the fool . I found a monster in me when I lost my cool . It lives inside of me , eating what's in it's way . 
Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim . Yeeeeeeesssssss . 
I had a dream last night that I was in a zombie apocalypse ... and Liam Neeson was my zombie killing partner . Best dream ever . 
Why did the zodiac even change ? It's been established for a long time that stars change position in the sky . It's STILL wrong , it's whatever constellation you were born under in the year you were born , not what it is now ... Whatever . 
Their redoing the Thundercats huh ? I'm curious to see how it is . 
Snow Day ftftw . 
I am weary of days and hours , Blown buds and barren flowers , Desires and dreams and powers , And everything but sleep . 
C'est la vie 
They're getting rid of . com and . net domain names ? Wtf ... what a bunch of unneeded frilly stupidity . 
Spring break baby . 
Just because you're breathing , doesn't mean you're alive . 
Earthquakes galore ... 
Inaccurate and imprecise , there is no gift without a price . I'm so mistaken , lost my direction . 
Haunting us , these different meanings and spectral beings . We're fighting sleep with broken , rusted weaponry . Sing so softly and low , like you want me to hear . 
The kids are alive and kicking , running for their lives . We've just been getting by on stupidly good looks and spending time spitting out these stupidly good hooks . 
Give us something to take home , a last line to sing . ' Cause these half empty glasses , with stress cracks and fractures , can only grow so weak before they break , and spill out a dead language that we've forgotten how to speak . 
