Happy New Year everyone ! And thank you all for the birthday wishes . For my birthday please pray for another cancer-free year . 

i don't care anymore 
Everybody get down tonight ! Everybody wang < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 
I'm as cool as a cucumber in a bowl of hot sauce ! 
I think i shall play some sims today ... 
The sun finally came out today ! That makes me smile ! 
So , I'm feeling kinda about today . But i look outside and I see the sunshine while I < PROPMALE > my child out of the pans and can't help but look forward . 
going to kill driveway weeds ... oh joy ... 
GO < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
why am i still awake ????? 
its a good day to go to the park . i guess i'll wait for < PROPFIRST > to wake up before i go , lol . 
So , i'm thinking some cleaning and then ROCKBAND !!! Gots to do my chores before i has my funz ! 
My child woke up way too early today ... i think i'll have a nap . 
I'm pleased to see that i'm not the only one who had to nap today , hehe . 
WOW , I can't believe its been a yea since < PROPFIRST>'s been out of the hospital ! And what a year its been ! To look at him now you would never know . I just wish everyone could have this ... 
Baked potato potato potato ! 
i hate washing dishes ... 
getting my morning dose of Spongebob . I don't know what i'd have on the tv right now if < PROPFIRST > wasn't here ... 
i do not like the cold 
pancakes and sausage for breffast today ! my baby loves me ! hehe 
i am so sick of rain ... hope it clears up soon . < PROPFIRST > is having a rough time sleeping with all the wind ... 
Getting ready for my baby's 2nd bday party !!! I'm super excited ! 
just watched < PROPMALE > Matthews Band on Sesame Street . LOL , cracks me up ! 
Today is my baby's 2nd birthday ! Two years ago my life changed more than anyone ever expected . And for this laughing , running , singing , and loving child it was well worth it ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !!! 
\Why aren't you seizing the boy ? \ " \ " I have a big head ... and little arms . \"" 
so , i just came out of the bathroom to find baby powder ALL OVER the living room ... how can i be mad at him , if i can't stop laughing ??? 
so < PROPFIRST > had some cinnamon toast and sausage about two hours ago , and he's telling me that he's hungry again . It never ends !!! 
all packed a ready to go , just waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get home , then we're on our way ! 
I feel so callused now to some of my friends updates ... Some of them I'm genuinely concerned for , but others seem almost laughable to me now . When i know that two years ago , those laughable concerns would have almost made me cry . The world is so much bigger in some ways . 
Spent the morning shopping with my favorite person in the whole wide world , and he thanks me for taking him out with me , by giving me a great big stinky diaper ... He's still my favorite person ! 
one of my friends is doing this and i thought it looked like fun ! Let see how honest FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more then 1 word . Then copy & paste this post to your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting 
Monday before Christmas !!! Super Exciting ! 
I'm a goofy goober , yeah ! You're a goofy goober , yeah ! We're all goofy goobers , YEAH ! 
\Sometimes there just aren't enough rocks . \"" 
does a girl have to kill a pig to get an uncooked ham around here ??? 
My first batch of homemade sugar cookies is a success ! The only thing that i didn't make myself was the sprinkles . I am definitely not < PROPFEMALE > Homemaker , but i think i did pretty good ! 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes ! You all made me smile :) Happy New Year !!! 
First Monday of the year down . only 51 more to go ... 
My child is cuter than yours ! 
not sure what pointing out your bra color does fro cancer awareness . It upsets me a bit , because there are much better things we could waste our time with . 
today is gonna be a good day ! 
I wish I could speak Whale ... 
i really hate the navy right now ... 
am feeling super selfish and i probably shouldn't . < PROPFIRST > left this morning to go to Haiti on the Comfort . I'm upset cuz we found out about it yesterday afternoon . Like i said , selfish ; but he's leaving for a good cause . 
Its January 16th and 60 degrees outside . That makes me Happy ! 
The sun has come out ! Its almost 70 degrees ! And you guys want me to go to Warsaw ... psh . 
Heading to the park ! 
i am so ready for warsaw 
IN WARSAW !!! Holla back ! 
so ... I'm kinda bummed . I found out today that the Quizno's here in Warsaw has closed . makes me kinda sad . 
Super excited about tomorrow night with my newest sister ! 
It was the one-armed man ! 
so , i've got mixed feelings about the snoww back home , lol . Everyone is so excited about it , and i just want the snow up here to go away ! 
Beware the Pteradactyles , they will swoop down on you when you least expect it . 
My happy dance will definitely get in the way of taking a nap ... 
My family is whole again ! 
almost friday 
BAZINGA ! 
My child likes to pounce on our dog . I'm still waiting for the dog to pounce back at him ... 
< PROPFIRST > had a check-up today . And everything looks great ! The Doctor has decided that < PROPFIRST > won't need any scans until October , because he is doing so well . Just a few physicals until then , we might even be able to go back to Well Baby stuff soon . That'll be exciting ! 
Remember when we were kids and never wanted to go to bed or take naps ??? I think that all catches up to us when we're older ... It seems one can't ever get enough sleep ! 
< PROPFIRST > brought home Legos Rockband . Looks like a noisy night in the Grubbs home ! 
Ice cream now , then some hot chocolate to warm back up . 
How much would you pay to see me shave my head ??? Its almost St Baldrick's time again , and this year I decided that I would shave MY head . Thats IF we meet our goal . I'm really excited about this , so , I set our goal kinda low considering whats on the line here ! Go to www.stbaldricks.org/participants/anneandbrandon and donate to help fund childhood cancer research ! 
www.shh.com 
Why is everything yellow ??? My car is yellow , my porch is yellow , my GRILL is yellow !!! This stuff is so annoying ... 
Is it really friday already ? 
Its such a pretty day , I couldn't resist pulling out the kiddie pool ! 
I think bald men that drive convertibles should get some kind of bravery medal . 
Happy Mother's Day to all those women out there that are paid with hugs and kisses ! 
needs to be outside today . Its gorgeous ! 
Chic Fila lemonade . Win . 
Power is out . This blows . 
Is on a hammock at the lake . And its a beautiful day ! 
< PROPFIRST > just fed our dog the entire bag of Beggin Strips ... which wouldn't be too bad , but now < PROPFIRST > has dog breath . 
I wish < PROPFEMALE > Rivet would call me ! Sheesh .. we have plans to make ! 
Adventure is out there ! 
ugh , heat index makes today about 115 degrees ... this needs to end 
so excited about non-100-degree days ! 
remember when it was the greatest thing to watch the same movie six times a day ? 
My son is now a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles fan ! 
Today is National Childhood Cancer Awareness Day . Please spread the word . 
< PROPFIRST > is cancer-free for 2 years now . That seems like whole other life , a whole other child , and a whole other me . 
If you ask < PROPFIRST > , a person feels happy , sad , or mad . I wish it stayed that simple . 
holding my breath to get rid of hiccups , and still hiccupping with my mouth and nose closed ! gahhhh !!!!!!! 
