is going to Summerfest today , not for any of the crappy bands , but to < PROPFEMALE > out with friends from out of town . Deeply shocked & moved by the loss of MJ , he was a freak but his talent undeniable ; his music will always exist beyond the good and evil of the 

Now I remember why I only go to Summerfest about once every 3-4 years : because it's boring . Although they've made < PROPMALE > changes to the Meyer Festival Grounds , which is interesting ; there are so many vendors now you can buy damn near anything . I was expe 
is tired . Slept well all night and took a long nap today but still not quite fixed up . I'll just keep chuggin ' along ; hopefully really awake by the time I see \Bruno\ " tonight ! " 
failed to join the Valparaiso U Alum ' 01 network due to the fact that I cannot check my Valpo email ( and haven't been able to since graduation ) to return confirmation . That diploma just gets more worthless by the minute ! 
Cut my finger at work and got 3 stitches today . Was it at 9am ? No , of course not , it was at 520pm . I'm still taking tomorrow off , f that . 
is very tired after another day in paradise . Also , RIP < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
is going to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s memorial at Discovery World Museum to pay respects . 
Damp again this morning , maybe the angry old lady will let us paint in the dew today instead of sending us home , but I doubt it . 
Home from camping at Lake Mills . It was nice , if damp . I still smell like a campfire , a smell I enjoy . 
Starting to feel under the weather ; autumn came on hard and my defenses were caught off guard . Hope this goes by without incident , I need werk , too much rain lately . 
Slowly getting better , today's all about coughing and wheezing , and packing of course ... 
Back to werk today , decent weather & I'm sort of better so no other option . I'd rather stay home to keep packing and coughing but one must do what one must do . 
Lungs sore from coughing today , and the coughing doesn't look to stop anytime soon . Prob staying home from werk again today to keep packing , they're saying rain anyway ... 
Cough and pack and cough and pack and cough and pack ... Looks like rain again , which is good , I'd much rather pack than paint the terribly underbid job we've been assigned ( it's only like 75% short of what an identical job went for earlier this year ! ) . 
I disapprove of what you say , but I will defend to the death your right to say it . - attributed to Voltaire 
Very tired today , good day to watch a Packer game and veg . 
Had to put the owner of CertaPro over hot coals to get the $100 out of him he owed me yesterday ; must be rough , leaving his new house in his new car to give money to some pathetic dirty underling . All I can say is this is how Communist revolutions begin ... 
Rainy rainy . That's okay , got a lil bit of stuff to clean up at the old apartment before the 31st anyway . 
Bucks game was fun , leaving for hunting in the morning . What an above average week ( oh yeah , no CertaPro this week , no wonder it was good ! ) . 
Made it home , didn't even see a deer but had fun anyway . Off to werk to finish up one < PROPFEMALE > last thing and then I'm done , done for the season , done with the office idiots , let the Xmas Vaca begin !! 
No more werk , only play , no more nothing from here on out , just resting and recouping . I'll Beatles Rock Band my life away , I'll be Ringo yet . 
So I played New Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . Wii through 100% . My hands are tender today , but that game is amazing , wow . 
Freiberg Xmas was nice , good to see the family . All the food was excellent and nobody punched anyone else in the face . All in all I'd call it a ' win . ' 
Rough night , need to get my appendix looked at I think . About to play \A Boy and His Blob\ " and I'm super excited ! " 
Back to Grandma's to paint . Getting close now , only 2-3 more days ! 
Tired , watching movies , getting ready to fall asleep . Tekken 6 is awesome . 
Go-Go-Gallbladder attack ! 
Taking advantage of the recent snow to track down my enemies and use my incredible prowess with martial arts to defeat them gloriously and then gather vital information from them which I am currently applying to my ever changing and evolving battle and long term revenge scheme / plot to the novelisation of my life which will be optioned for a screenplay written by me and starring , obviously , LL Cool J as me . 
Getting a cold to go along with the snow . Listening to the White Album , one of the best albums ever . 
Ugh , my head is pounding , stupid cold . At least it finally stopped snowing . 
Excited or Olympics starting ( Curling 2010 baby , yeah , go for the gold ! ) . 
Well , Team USA is dominating and it's awesome ! Winter Olympics are great , I just hope we get some medals in long track speed skating ( Milwaukee pride ) . 
Tired , don't feel great , but still going to go kick ass at Rock Band Night at the Nice Ash in the < PROPFEMALE > , cause that's what a rock < PROPFEMALE > does . 
Feeling a little rough around the edges today , but had a great time at Rock Band Night . Thanks to everyone for coming out , back again in two weeks . 
Easter was nice , saw lots of family , good food , etc . 
Saw Grandma at the hospital but she was sleeping , to her place now to get some paperwerk then back to the hospital . I hope everyone has had a < PROPMALE > to visit . 
At a friends now . Grandma is resting but seems alright , she was pretty upbeat when I spoke with her . 
Lots of running around but a nice day nonetheless , the weather was amazing . Grandma gets her pacemaker in the morning and seemed much better today , I don't think much of anything will slow her down now ! 
In the last 24 hours I've watch < PROPFEMALE > Wars Ep . 1-3 , lots of X-Files , and the Bucks loss against the Hawks . Maybe I should get off the couch ... nah , what a terrible idea ! 
Well , I didn't get the job at the bank in the end . That's a shame , but there are plenty of other opportunities out there . Time shall tell . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > wrapped up the best week in Daily Show history last night , a week that included standing up in defense of social satire , the Go F -- K Yourself Choir , and occasionally agreeing with Fox News . But last night was best : defending South Park creators < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE > from being denied their freedom of speech , and the return of the Go F -- K Yourself Choir ! Satire is alive and well , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is it's champion ! 
Took a nice walk this morning ( Saturday morning too , but it was rainy then ) , it was lovely and < PROPFEMALE > . Now if we could only get into the 60/70's instead of the 40/50's we've had for weeks now . C'mon Spring , let's get it on !! 
Rock Band Night at the Nice Ash ! I am pumped , ready to get my rock < PROPFEMALE > on ! 
Listening to Big Audio Dynamite a lot lately ; and thinking about spy movies . Looking forward to the rain clearing out for the weekend , and hopefully a few Brewers wins too . 
Political lessons learned today from my father : 1 ) < PROPFIRST > Beck is right , what subject were we discussing again ? 2 ) Greek financial collapse can be directly linked back to Democrats in Congress in the 90's , & 3 ) Dept of Education getting 1.9% of the federal budget is unreasonabe , that should be added to the 16.85% of the budget the Dept of Defense gets . Silly me for thinking anything else . 
Facebook app for iPhone fails 60% of the time when I load status updates . Still not as bad as FourSquare which crashes minimum 70% of the times it's turned on , 90% of the times I'm checking in . Sigh , technology . I guess I could just talk to people , but , ugh , I mean come on , it's not 1967 here ! 
Phwew ! Finally back from Castle Rock , back to civilization and the marvels of the modern < PROPFEMALE > ( ie - cell reception and the internet ! ) . The Northern Bay Resort was wonderful , poolside margaritas and lounging cruises on the lake . And I was shocked to find that English was hardly the most common language , heard some Russian , some ( I believe ) Czech , some Spanish and a few others ; I feel so international ! 
So , leaking pipes above my storage unit caused < PROPMALE > water damage to all my books and cd's ( I guess the cd's themselves are fine but all the booklets are done ) . Mold and mildew growing through books , huge spores an inch thick . Wow , fun way to spend the morning . 
On this solemn day remember not the pain of tragedy and loss but instead recall the pride of how those events brought us all together , beyond any political , social or cultural bias , as one people , as < PROPFEMALE > ns . Thankyou to the brave soldiers who guarantee our freedom , and to the police & firefighters who protect us at home . God bless < PROPFEMALE > , this is the greatest country in the world . 
is gobsmacked ! ( and won't be sending < PROPFIRST > Colbert any live animals in the foreseeable future ) 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! I had a great time at the Brewers game , and a good day all around . 
Welcoming < PROPMALE > Gauvin home to his family from Afghanistan , an American hero and patriot . God bless our Armed Forces , thankyou all for the freedom we enjoy . 
Ewald August Friedrick Timm , my grandfather , passed away this morning at the age of 93 . He was a great man who lived well . He was one of my favorite people and I am sad that he is gone , but glad he's no longer in pain . Here's to you Grandpa , I love you ; thank-you for teaching me to recognize beauty in everything I see , and for our sense of humor . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Timm , my grandmother , passed away today , she was 89 . She joins her husband and partner of 67 years who preceded her in eternal life this past Wednesday . She was a warm and sweet woman who only had kinds words for everyone she met . I love you Grandma , you were one of the bravest people I've known , thank-you for teaching me to live a life full of compassion . 
Thankyou to everyone for the condolences and kind wishes in these last few weeks , they are appreciated . My family and I are grateful to have the love and support of so many . 
Write 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper ( wait , 3 < PROPFEMALE > s ? really ? that seems like , oh , about 27 < PROPFEMALE > s short , but whatever ); buy tickets for MAM After Dark ; finish last A&P assignment with group ; then , finally , glorious hot wangs at < PROPFEMALE>'s with WP ! 
So I preordered the Tron Soundtrack in October , because I love both Tron and Daft Punk . It was shipped to me via UPS while I was at the entombment of my grandparents and was thus unavailable to sign . What's the reasonable and logical next step taken ? Why return it to the sender , of course ! A random third party shipping company in Indiana that doesn't even have an email address to write to , you say ? Perfect ! 
I can't wait for the 17th : last finals , new Tron , and MAM After Dark ! It's going to be great . 
Half the day shopping with Dad , half the day shopping with Mom . Wow , they got each other some sweet stuff ! I don't think I've ever been jealous of my parents gifts before in my life ! 
Today I played Super < PROPFIRST > Bros 3 , watched some Simpsons episodes , and am half way through a solid day of football . Go Pack , go ! 
Best Albums of 2010 in order :\ 
1 . Kanye - My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy\ 
2 . LCD Soundsystem - This is Happening\ 
3 . < PROPFEMALE > Castles - < PROPFEMALE > Castles II\ 
4 . < PROPFEMALE > - Body Talk\ 
5 . M.I.A. - Maya\ 
6 . Vampire Weekend - Contra\ 
7 . Big Boi - Sir Luscious Left Foot : Son of Chico Dusty\ 
8 . Arcade Fire - the Suburbs\ 
9 . Flying Lotus - Cosmogramma\ 
10 . Uffie - Sex Dreams & Denim Jeans 
Just two quick parent comments then I've got real stuff to do today . 1 ) I know parents at times contradict each other , but at this point I think it would be easier if Mom just said \black\ " to me and Dad \ " white\ " instead of explaining their points of view to me again . " 
2 ) Offering advice to some is akin to teaching a Russian bear physics : getting the bear in the classroom and teaching it English are easy in comparison with the task of explaining why it's important that the bear understand the laws of the universe . 
Sigh , at least I can take consolation in the knowledge at I will never irritate , annoy , embarrass , or otherwise humiliate any children I may one day have . Not me . 
Up early to practice giving people The Championship Belt . Should I go with the subtle < PROPMALE>'s Mini-Belt , or perhaps the more overt Raji Gut-Buster Belt ? So many choices ... 
I'm so excited about the 4+ inches of snow they said were coming yesterday ; it was supposed to start at 3 , so I hid under the covers at 2:45 ; about to go look out the window , I'm sure there's no < PROPMALE > the weather forecasters were exaggerating , no way they would make up a story about a snow emergency , I'm sure there's at least an inch out there ... 
Here is why we won't get more than 4 inches of snow : Buffalo gets lots of snow for the same reason Toledo gets a fraction of Buffalo's total , Lake Effect . Now , lake effect works because of the jet stream , which blows west to east due to the rotation of the earth ( Coriolis Effect ) . In order for us to get 15+ inches overnight we will need lake effect , which is unlikely , unless the rotation of the earth reverses . 
Oh , also , I do completely understand that by disbelieving Snowpocamageddon that only means it'll happen . So here's to , what , 30 inches , I think that's the high estimate . Woo-hoo ! 
Oh my god , they're playing Daft Punk on the radio , right now , in Milwaukee , for real , on Kiss FM of all stations . Wow ! I can be buried in my home under a record of snow now . Wow . 
Your 13 time World Champions : the Green Bay Packers . I can feel Grandpa smiling down from the great beyond ; thankyou team , you won it for the old man . Go Pack Go ! 
Is it too late to get in on the < PROPFEMALE > -palooza for the ol ' 100th Anniversary ? It's not ? Great , cause I've got a killer joke : What did we call homeless people before < PROPFEMALE > was elected ? Why , residents of state sponsored mental health facilities , of course . Hahahahaha !! I know , hilarious ! 
My dad is pretty sick , been in bed all week with a high fever . I thought he was doing better , until yesterday , when he told me not to go to < PROPFEMALE > for fear of my being hurt by rioters / National Guard . Hm . I think that he's so sick he thinks either A ) I'm still in Egypt ; B ) it's 1970 and he has reasonable fear of the National Guard ; or C ) he's completely paranoid delusional . Tough final call , really . 
Woke this morning to find my Xbox in a puddle of water . Thankyou , cat , for dumping that vase not on the carpet , not on the table , not on the stack of old magazines , and not on the chair , but on the only electronic device within 10 feet . That's cool , I've owned it for almost 4 months , I was getting sick of it anyway . 
Hey Gaddafi , I heard yr so dumb you buy pinball parts you think are nukes ! Haha , nice umbrella , jackass . 
What do you mean I can't \unfriend\ " people from my phone !? Are you kidding me ? I have to be associated w these a-holes until I can get home ? " 
Thank god for english.aljazeera.net so I can get some legitimate news on Japan and Libya without having to listen to Newt Gingrich consider to consider to explore the possibility of running for president for 8 hours . Hey , American news agencies , just shut up and report some facts , is it really that hard ? 
I brought you a gift . It's a mug . It's got a fox on it . 
