finds it hard to believe that as of today she has been married for one full year . 

starts her first day of her internship today . AHH !! 
was horrified to find out that pipes can freeze at the most inopportune times - as in the morning of my second day of clinicals :( 
So now I realize that a frozen pipe isn't bad .... but burst pipes are ! 
We have water !! :) The plumber came and fixed our pipes ! Yeah ! 
So because of a blizzard in Lafayette , IN - I have seen exactly one patient today - and it was just an observation , as both of my CI's have had every patient thus far cancel ... It's going to be a long day - and a scary drive home . Wish me luck :) 
I am successfully home from a very non-productive day at work - exactly 2 of our patients did not cancel today . What fun . 
one week of my internship is over ! woo ! 
Yeah ! None of my patients cancelled today ! I think that is a first since I started my internship . 
A day full of nothing but pediatrics ! Could there be anything better ? I think not ! 
gets to travel to the NICU for a field trip today ! What fun ! :) 
So we're down a car ... as < PROPMALE>'s car is currently vertical in a ditch ... Somewhere between Ladoga and New Market . 
And mission rescue the bug was a success :) The only damage to the car was that a wheel was frozen , so it's currently in our garage with a space heater , thawing out ! 
So ... apparently more was wrong with the car than previously thought ... once the mechanic checks it out completely we'll know more , but right now it's not looking so great for our bug :( 
CPI fun ! ( PT clinical self assessment ) 
< PROPMALE>'s finally done with auditions ! Now the waiting really begins ... 
< PROPMALE>'s first offer for grad school came in . Let's put it this way .... FSU really wants him to come to school there :) 
Excited for a week off ! No plans - just relaxing ! 
So I'm not so excited to be sharing my house with a mouse ... :( One who insists on marking his territory EVERYWHERE ! Blech ! 
It's a good week : the mouse is dead ( finally ! ) , it's the last week of school ( forever , for me ! ) , and we are back to being a 2 car family ! Woo ! 
I'm officially am done with school ! 2 Commencement ceremonies for me today , and one for my husband tomorrow - and then partying ! 
Heading to Cincinnati to spend time with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
And today brings more studying for the boards plus a trip to Jungle < PROPMALE>'s tonight ! Yeah ! 
Back home again in Indiana :) 
is back from the ER . I was diagnosed with a pretty serious kidney infection , but was given considerable pain drugs and hefty antibiotics , so I should be doing much better in a couple days . 
what a beautiful day for a party ! 
we made it to Tallahassee ! My interview is tomorrow at 12:30 . All prayers are appreciated . 
Yeah ! Apartment shopping was successful ! We now have a home in Tallahassee . 
We made it home from Tallahassee ! Safe and sound . Had a nice visit with the Carpenters , and now it's time to just relax , and enjoy not being in the car ! 
is so excited ! I just passed my first PT practice exam ! Now onto more studying ... :( 
More studying :( 
Yay ! Florida has FINALLY processed my application for my PT license ! Next step : The exam :( 
We are successfully re-located to Tallahassee :) Everything is unpacked , and the apartment is beginning to feel like home ! 
So colds suck :( especially in the summer .... especially in Florida :( 
AHH !!! I've scheduled my exam ! 
Yeah ! My dad still has a job ! At least until August - then the next round of cuts occur ... Prayers are appreciated . 
Good news ... we DIDN'T burn down the apartment after a disastrous attempt at pan frying chicken kiev ... The eating of it wasn't so great though ... Better luck next time 
:( Our kitchen aid stand mixer broke ! Sad day . 
So if you haven't seen inception ... you definitely should . Such a great movie . And such a wonderful ending - it had everyone in the theater talking ! 
making peanut butter fudge :) yummy ! 
Meeting with the director of rehab at the rehab hospital in town ! Hopefully will pave the way for a job offer :) 
My wonderful hubby is taking me to see Despicable Me tomorrow ! So excited ! It'll be a wonderful break from a study filled weekend :) 
Despicable Me was great :) Just a silly , feel-good movie . Oh ! And it was in 3-D :) 
Yay ! I passed another practice test ! Feeling better about this exam all the time :) 
I hate medicines that won't let you sleep :( I got 3 hours of sleep last night ... Argh ! 
so if the people living above us could stomp around their apartment some more , that would really make my day ... 
And here goes tonight's attempt at sleep ... Praying it's more successful than last night's attempt ... 
85 hours till I take the test ! Ahh !! All prayers are welcome :) 
The countdown continues ... 59 hours to go ... 
39 hours . Yikes ! 
25.5 hours till the biggest test of my life 
My wonderful husband got up and made me breakfast in bed before the test this morning :) He's awesome . On my way to go take this thing ! See you in 5 hours ! 
It's done - now the waiting game ... Oh - and more studying :( Florida Laws test is Thursday 
Thanks to everyone for their advice , support , encouragement and prayers :) The first test has been completed - despite getting lost on the way to the testing center ( ask if you haven't heard that story ) Now the prep work begins for Thursday :) 
Off to take the second test in a week . At least I know where I'm heading this time :) 
Woo ! Done with tests for the week . Hopefully done with tests for a long time ! 
So this waiting business .... NOT FUN ! 
So running this morning kicked my butt :( The heat combined with my out of shape body made for an interesting experience .. :) 
Here goes the second run - a little earlier in the morning . Hope it helps ! 
So the first thing I buy when I get a paycheck will be a new pair of running shoes ! 
So I think I either have a mild ankle sprain or the beginnings of a stress fracture in my ankle :( It's quite painful with weight-bearing activities , pain goes away with rest , but it's not swollen at all - so that makes me second guess myself ... 
Dear Florida Licensing Board - Please let me know if I am a licensed PT today . Thank you very much . 
Well ... heard nothing today - perhaps tomorrow will be the day 
Yay ! I passed my boards and Florida laws test - now just waiting for Florida to give me a license number so I can start working .... I hate waiting ! And with all this practice I've had lately , I don't seem to be getting any better at it ... 
The waiting is finally over ! I'm licensed ! :) :) WOOO !!!!! 
Heading to FSU to take < PROPMALE > to orientation . 
Meeting with the HR person at the rehab hospital to get paperwork things squared away . This job is really happening ! YAY 
YAY !!! I just finished my first day of work ! Tomorrow is my first ' real ' day as today was all orientation ! So exciting :) 
Dinner at Carrabbas .... check ! Baskin Robbins ice cream cake ... check ! Now onto < PROPFIRST > Tennis and other fun on the wii 
Whew - another full day of work . Discharges and new evals galore ! Thank goodness its almost the weekend ! 
Yay it's the weekend ! :) 
I'm so ready for this sickness to be over ! Argh ! It's coming up on a week - and I still have a horrendous cough , a runny nose , and sometimes I have a voice , sometimes I don't . And the worst of it is ... now < PROPMALE>'s starting to cough , too :( 
can I have a re-do on today ? I would very much like that . Today didn't go well :( 
Happy National Rehabilitation Week everyone :) 
MMMMMmmmm Bonefish :) 
had a great visit with Mamaw and Papaw this weekend . Melting Pot , Lasagna and The Blind Side , St < PROPFIRST>'s Wildlife Refuge , Pizza and the Colt's game , and Fuzion's frozen yogurt made for a wonderful weekend :) 
And another weekend is so close :) Hurray ! 
Hurray for a game night with my hubby - and fuzion frozen yogurt later this evening :) 
Hurray for cute , spunky patients over 90 :) 
< PROPMALE > and I are attempting to make homemade ravioli tonight :) Should be interesting !! 
So our ravioli was outstanding :) I highly recommend making your ravioli . It's so easy too :) 
3 more days till Mom and Grandma come to visit :) Woo ! 
6ish hours .... WOOOO !!!! 
So it rained here today .... And I walked to work .... Which means I had to walk home from work ... AND DODGE ALL THE WORMS ON THE SIDEWALK :( :( :( For those of you who don't know - I detest the fact that worms come out of the ground and sprawl on the sidewalk when it rains . I have issues ... I know . 
Yay ! < PROPMALE > got a root canal today - so he's not in pain anymore ! And we only spent 3 hours in the dentist's office .... 
Yay ! Surprise half day :) 
Hurray it's the weekend :) 
mmm fuzions :) 
< PROPMALE > Potter , here we come ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter in IMAX .... is INTENSE :) 
Happy thanksgiving :) 
Yeah ! Four day weekend :) 
Tough day ... Found out that a former patient passed away yesterday :( 
chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream solves all problems :) 
Home made chicken noodle soup :) Mmm ! Too bad that's the only thing < PROPMALE > can eat right now ... He's gonna get sick of it . 
Yay we are 3 hours from home ! Gotta love spending a full day in the car ... 
We're home ... all unpacked , laundry is started , and ready for work tomorrow :) 
So I just got off work about an hour early for a tornado watch ... maybe I'm just conditioned to always being under a tornado watch from living in Indiana ... but I didn't really think it was necessary to send everyone home early ... :) Oh well ! 
