Wishing everyone a safe and happy 2010 ! What are your resolutions ? 

Yay OSU !!! Gooooooo BUCKS !!! 
T-minus 14 hours until moving sale begins .... 
One more day to go .... then it is onto packing and tossing !!! Yay ! 
18 days to finish packing and cleaning .... 23 days till we will be in < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Did you know that dishes get cleaner faster when you turn the dishwasher ON ?!?! Yep ... its true ... 
1 room down ... 3 to go ... 
If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . 
Okay ... quizzes are fun ... sleep is more fun ... well .... more needed ... not really more fun ... unless you count the dreams and then ..... zzzzzzzzz ........... 
13 days left to pack ..... 
I need to sleep but can't get my head to stop ... maybe some chamomile tea and meditation music .... 
Good day of packing and cleaning ... going to sleep for another day tomorrow ... 
Something so simple as a peanut butter and jelly sandwich makes me smile ... 
4 out of 5 voices are telling me to go to bed ... I think this time I will agree with the majority of them ... zzzzzzzzz 
Is going to get a good night of sleep and finish packing tomorrow ... 
Truck is here ... getting it filled up ... should be leaving tomorrow sometime ... 
Going to go get dinner and then finish packing .... packing a truck in 110 degree heat ... not fun ! 
I have to be up in 4-5 hours ... goodnight 
Goodnight .... 
New Mexico .... Day one down ... 3 more to go ... 
Arkansas .... Tennessee tomorrow ... < PROPFEMALE > here we come ..... 
In < PROPFEMALE > ... very slow 56k dial up ... thank you all for warm birthday wishes ! :) 
Getting ready to go into the ' Burg :) 
is planning on making chocolate chip cookies , a batch of brownies , homemade hot cocoa mix , finishing her Christmas cards and taking a long hot bubble bath ... here's to wishful thinking and a little pixie dust :) 
Heading to bed ... one and a half days of work to go and then family time !! yay !! 
Going back to sleep until the little ones wake up .... not looking forward to the ice storm on the way :( 
Wishing everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > and safe Christmas and a blessed 2010 
Here is to wishful thinking that the girls will sleep in tomorrow .... 
Good night to all .... in Mikaylah's words ... \I am so glad Christmas lasted so long this year ... I wish Christmas could happen every day all year long .... \"" 
is ready for bed and it isn't even 8:00 ... 
Wishes her brain would turn off with the rest of her body .... 
Why am I surprised with the Cardinals choking ??? Why ??? 
Yay ! Cardinals won !! Ravens won !! What a night of football ! 
Join me in prayer for the people of Haiti ... 
Had a fairly productive day of cleaning and found out my mom and dad should be here by Saturday ! Now to make dinner ... breakfast for dinner night ! 
\This is the day the Lord has made . Let us rejoice and be glad in it . \ " ( Psalm 118:24 ) " 
The Lord has promised good to me , his word my hope secures ; he will my shield and portion be as long as life endures . 
This I declare about the Lord : He alone is my refuge , my place of safety ; he is my God , and I trust him . 
Because you are my help , I sing in the shadow of your wings . Psalm 63:7 
\History is a story written by the finger of God . \ " - C.S. < PROPFIRST > " 
My chains are gone I've been set free My God , my Savior has ransomed me And like a flood His mercy rains Unending love , Amazing grace 
Re o bama Re i koba Naong tsa go Jesu Lo lorato < PROPFEMALE > legolo Naong tsa go Jesu O boitshepo , boitshepo O boitshepo , boitshepo O boitshelp , boitshepo O kwana 
Its like an ocean breeze blowing on your face Like a summer sun with its warm embrace Like a gentle rain plays a symphony Thats what I want my praise to be Like a fragrant < PROPFEMALE > in the early spring Like an eagle soars when it spreads its wings Whatever , Lord , You may need from me Thats what I want my praise to be To You 
neeeeeds sleep .... 
I am so happy that my two girls love ice skating and football as much as I do !! :) 
To do list : Get two girls in bed after a day of no outside because of rain , laundry for this week , finish making salad for lunch tomorrow , bubble bath and bed .... t-minus 2 hours .... 
If you have a best friend who is more like a sister , has shared life's precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin , then copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without our \sisters ! \"" 
The Night of Worship and Worship Seminar at Cornerstone Church at < PROPFEMALE > has been officially postponed due to inclement weather . 
IT'S CELEBRITY LOOK ALIKE WEEK !! Change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like . This doesn't mean who YOU think you look like , but who other PEOPLE have told you that you look like . 
Okay ... going to go pick up dinner ... head home ... hot bubble bath ... and an early bedtime .... 
Whsv Newsroom : 5 1/2 inches in Broadway with snow still falling . 
hmm ... I am thinking that peanut butter popcorn , playing the Wii , a nice fire in the fireplace and a night of movies is in order .... 
Cornerstone Church has canceled services today due to snow . 
Cornerstone Church of Broadway has canceled worship service today . Don't forget about Winter Bible School on Tuesday and Wednesday , Night of God Worship ! Hope to see you there ! 
Watching National Treasure ... having homemade french fries and hamburgers ... this is a great night ! 
Going to go have dinner at mommy and daddy's house :) I love my mommy and daddy ... :) 
Okay ... okay ... I know that I prayed for snow this winter for the girls ... wow ! what an answer to prayer !! 
And it is impossible to please God without faith . Anyone who wants to come to him must believe that God exists and that he rewards those who sincerely seek him Hebrews 11:6 NLT 
Due to inclement weather , Cornerstone Church of Broadway Winter Bible School Classes are canceled for this evening 
School is closed tomorrow ... no school on Thursday because of parent teacher conferences ... 
I had a wonderful night with some very amazing and wonderful people :) 
Fight the good fight for the true faith . Hold tightly to the eternal life to which God has called you , which you have confessed so well before many witnesses . ~ 1 < PROPFIRST > 6:12 , NLT 
fire in the fireplace .... hot coffee being made ... girls playing in the snow .... I love the winter ! 
Snow on da ' ground ..... snow on da ' ground ..... Drivin ' like a fool wit da ' snow on the ground .... look at ya now - car spinnin around ..... drivin like a fool wit da ' snow on Da ground !!!... Slow it down .... then copy -n- paste - n- pass it around ... 
Sitting by the fireplace , hot coffee , and watching it snow .... sounds familiar :) 
Farmville friends ... I only need 4 bricks , 7 harnesses , 1 horseshoe and 1 nail to finish my stable ! Thanks for all of your help !! 
25 inches and still coming .... 
I am starting to feel like I am inside a snow globe that someone keeps shaking ... 
Built a snow castle/fort : check Had a snowball fight : check Sledding : check Time for hot cocoa and movies ... 
Do I dare whisper ... I think the snow has ... stopped ?!?! 
Facebook friends , I need 3 bricks and 4 harnesses to finish my stable . Thanks ! :) 
Heading out to shovel again ... Who needs a gym membership ? :) 
and here comes the snow .... again .... 
Due to inclement weather , Winter Bible School at Cornerstone Church of Broadway has been canceled 
yep ... still snowing ... 
Poll for girls/women ... okay guys if you really wanna answer you can ... how old were you when your mom/dad had \the talk\ " with you ? " 
Farmville friends : I only need 3 harnesses to finish my stable ... 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other , make sure to tell us how long you've been together ! < PROPFIRST > and I have been together 11 years in October and married 10 years in September ! Wow ! Time sure flies when you are having fun !! 
Had a great time last night with a great group of people ... now off to get some sleep ... 
Good night .... that is all there is to say ... good night 
Long weekend ... early morning tomorrow ... goodnight ! 
Thankful for a day of rest and relaxing ... Hopefully this cold/flu is on its way out of my body ... 
\This is the day the LORD has made ; let us rejoice and be glad in it . \ " Psalm 118:24 " 
Its Daughter Week !!! ? If you have one Daughter or more , who makes your life interesting and fun , Is a blessing in your life and makes life worth living , copy and paste this to your status . ? I have 2 girls who keep me on my knees .... I love them sooo much !! 
“Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over , it became a butterfly . ” – Proverb . 
I know I should be thankful for the rain that we are getting , but I was really , really enjoying the sun the last couple of days ... * sighs * I am contemplating going back to short hair before summer comes ... 
Chicken Pot Pie ... that is what's on my mind .... 
Lord God , I pray that you will fill my heart with the blessing of your Holy Spirit . < PROPMALE > me this day the strength to be calm in all things , diligent in my work , and patient under my trials . Direct me in all my ways . Give me grace to be just and upright in all my dealings ; quiet and peaceable ; full of compassion ; and ready to do good to all people , according to my gifts . In the name of Jesus Christ , Amen . 
My heart is confident in you , O God ; my heart is confident . No wonder I can sing your praises ! ~ Psalm 57:7 , NLT 
Ps 30:11 ; Ps 149:3 ; Ps 150:4 ; Eccles 3:4 ; 2 < PROPFIRST > 6:14 ; < PROPMALE > . 14:6 ; Ex . 32:19 ; Judg . 21:23 ; 1 < PROPFIRST > 18:6 ; Jer 31:13 ; Lam 5:15 ; < PROPFIRST > 6:22 ; < PROPMALE > 7:32 . 
My soul finds rest in God alone : My salvation comes from Him . - Psalms 62:1 
Your beauty should not come from outward adornment , such as braided hair and the wearing of gold jewelry and fine clothes . Instead , it should be that of your inner self , the unfading beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit , which is of great worth in God's sight . 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:3 -4 
WHERE did the weekend go ?!?! Got strawberries and raspberries planted ... all walls framed for chicken coop ... gardens both tilled and disced thanks to my dh ... 
According to MSN ... The price of a mom : $ 138,095 
The Lord gives his people strength . The Lord blesses them with peace . ~ Psalm 29:11 , NLT 
So glad the weekend is almost here .... got a chicken coop to finish building , calves to start halter training , garden to be planted , girls to take fishing .... busy . busy , busy !!! 
Stomach virus ... pick someone else ... please :( I don't have time for you ... 
It is scary when your stomach develops a language of its own and even scarier when you start understanding it ... Thank goodness for sweet caring husbands , co-workers that send you home and mother-in laws that take the littlest one so hopefully she won't get it ... 
Yay ! My stomach once again belongs to me !!! 
Rain , rain go away ... don't you know I have work to do today ? 
s ? sod ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ll ?? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ???? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ? ll ? n ??? ? s ? l spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l ??? ¡ ? l ???? s ? osl ? ? nq spu ???? s ? no ? ? uno ? o ? p ? l ? ? luo ? ou ?? ? ? uo ? s ??? p sno ?? suo ? ? ? o ? lns ?? ? s ? ? s ? l pu ???? ?? uo ??? no ? ? o ? uo ... ? l ? u ? s ????? ??? uo ?? u ???? ? u ??? d s ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
Sweet mint tea made ... check .... dishes done ... check ... laundry done ... check .... now to find my bread maker to make fresh bread for dinner and hopefully if the rain cooperates build a rabbit hutch for the girls new rabbits and work on the chicken coop .... 
I am reminded once again how blessed I am with my family and friends .... 
Ok , I guess I'll give this a whirl ............. How many of us really know everybody on\ 
our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ...... I want all of my FB friends\ 
to post how you met me . After that comment , then copy and paste this\ 
to your status .... You will be amazed at the responses you ......... get .... ;-) 
Enjoying a fresh Maine blueberry muffin and a large Starbucks coffee .... mmm ... love lazy summer days .... 
Today my baby is 6 years old ... WHERE does the time go ?!?! 
Proverbs 3:5 , 6 
When did 9 year olds become teenagers ?!?! 
Heading to bed and praying for answers in the morning ... 
Praying for the rain they are predicting ... we need the rain so badly . I never understood how important the rain is to life . 
Thank you Lord ... * listens to the rain on the metal roof and praises the Creator for all He does * 
Going to go hit some yard sales ... get stuff to make a goat milking stand ... back home to weed and build in the RAIN ! :) 
Having one of those delicious tomato sandwiches < PROPMALE > Mayo was talking about on Sunday ... maybe not so much mayonnaise as he suggested :) 
Thank you everyone for all of the wonderful birthday wishes ! Still can't believe I am 31 ... does it really mean I have to \act\ " my age ? :) " 
Made it through 2 dentist appointments today with the girls ... < PROPFEMALE > is needing to see an orthodontist ... ugh ... MRI and bloodwork tomorrow to HOPEFULLY figure out what is going on with my foot ... green beans coming out the ears ... 21 quarts done ... 80+ to go ... 
30% < PROPMALE > of rain ... to camp out tonight or not to camp out tonight .. that is the question of the day ... 
Waking up to a beautiful sunrise and birds singing ... Its gonna be a beautiful day !! 
New experience for our family .... crabbing on the end of the pier and then cooking and eating what we caught !! What an awesome trip ! 
wishes she had a rewind or pause button to make this weekend last longer .... 
Enjoyed a wonderful evening with my amazing husband of 10 years ... where did the time go ?!?! 
Planning a trip in 15 days ... 
On the docket today ... trip to the dump ... dollar store for coloring books for Vermont trip ... buying chicken feed and calf grain at the coop ... start packing for Vermont ... get another load to Goodwill ... busy busy busy .... 
It has been a very productive morning ... trip to the dump ... done ... trip to the dollar store for stuff done ... trip to c o-o p for feed done ... shavings picked up and put in coop ... now to finish dishes from morning and start packing stuff for Vermont ... 
Going to go and have lunch with my little lady today ... yay for pizza and ice cream Friday ! :-) 
I think a hot bubble bath and an early bedtime is sounding really good ... 
I voted for A Farmer& #039 ;s Smile in Your Life , Your Story - Photo . \ 
http://yourlifeyourstoryphoto.strutta.com/entries/87562?=f11z0n 
So ... I hear it may snow when we are in Vermont .... I don't know how I feel about this ... really ... 
On our way to Vermont ... stopping in Pennsylvania for lunch ... 
Connecticut ... beautiful architecture but crazy traffic ... 
Vermont , 2 hours from our destination . Precipitation of the wet kind at the moment , supposed to turn white late tonight . YAY ! Ohh and as of this moment we are all still sane(mostly ) :-) 
We made it safely to Vermont ... got to spend a few hours with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > just chatting and catching up ... can't wait for a whole day tomorrow with them . Hoping to get up to < PROPFIRST > and show the girls around a little bit but most importantly spend time with my family here ... 
It is a beautiful morning in the northeast kingdom ... woke up to a sprinkling of snow .. sitting here with a fire to the left of me , hot coffee brewing behind me and a beautiful view of Lake Caspian in front of me ... life is good ... 
We spent 7 hours tramping around northern Vermont ... got to see NCUHS ... its bigger .... Sacred Heart school ... no longer open ... E . < PROPFIRST > Hatton Elementary ... still the same ... didn't see a single person that I recognized ... 
Packing up and getting ready to go back to < PROPFEMALE > ... I don't wanna go ... Thanks to Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPMALE > for their hospitality 
We made it home safe and sound ... we are all in one piece and while I am glad to be back home , I am missing my family 
Well ... I am thoroughly Chucked for the night ... off to bed 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 ) something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 15 seconds , 2 ) the color you remind me of , 3 ) my first memory of you , 4 ) the animal you remind me of , 5 ) something I've always wondered about you , 6 ) my favorite thing about you , 7 ) a weird nickname , 8 ) that I challenge you to repost this . 
Migraines stink ... all I have to say about that ... 
There is something not quite right about seeing < PROPFIRST > Brown rapping ... although oddly enough I am looking forward to The Great Pumpkin coming on tonight 
Good news ... no migraine today ... bad news ... have to catch up on stuff not done yesterday 
Finding nice warm eggs from chickens that you know EXACTLY what they are eating .... little joys in life :) 
Let'ssee how creative my FB friends are ... Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD LETTER of my FIRST NAME . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word & not copy ! Should be fun . 
Breaking down and going to go see the doctor for this cough ... I can't survive on 3 hours of sleep anymore :( 
So ... broke down and went to the doctor .. I have bronchitis ... starting antibiotics and actually following doctor's instructions of resting ... 
I would like to thank all those that have given all for the freedoms we have ... both in the past , the present and the future ... 
Husband off to the hunting stand well fed and warm , daughters spending the night at grandmas house and now I am going back to my nice warm bed to sleep for a few more precious hours ... praying for venison in the freezer tonight ... I love hunting season ! 
I consider the weekend a success ... I made a Thai dish ( Gang < PROPFEMALE > Ree ) for < PROPFIRST > from scratch that came out really well ... we spent two days ( and more to come ! ) with wonderful family ... tomorrow brings more baking ... more family ... more good eating 
Does anyone know of a photo program that takes out \glow eyes\ " of animals .... you know so they don't look possessed ? I tried red-eye and it didn't work .... " 
Today we made : sugar cookies , snowball cookies , cranberry-orange quick bread , s'more brownies , deep dish apple pie and a chocolate chip cheese ball .... I love the holidays ... my waistline begs to differ ... 
Wishing everyone a wonderful and blessed Thanksgiving ! I am thankful for my wonderful family and friends ... off to spend a wonderful day with family and enjoy some delicious food ! 
< PROPFEMALE > cake in the oven ... pecan pie next on the list .... 
Monday morning ... why do you come so fast ? 
Good morning December .... 
Cousins are the 1st friends of our lives ... When you grow up , they are still your friends ... Repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the world !!! They may not be a part of your daily life , but they are never far from your thoughts and memories !!! I Do have the best cousins in the world ! Love you guys so much ! 
Watching the world become a wonderland of white is therapeutic in a way ... 
Most people have 1,000 wishes for Christmas ; a Heart patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , is still fighting , or has survived\ 
CHD 
Good day had by all ... oldest had a great breakthrough in math ... youngest had a great day at school ... we are going to a new 4-H group tonight for first time ... 
Well , Rockingham is closed another day ... guess we will be trying double homeschooling and baking tomorrow 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . Show your support . I copied and pasted , will you ? 
Praying for some answers soon ... 
If you're not scared , Put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1) = Crazy . ( 2) = I`d marry you . ( 3) = Attractive . ( 4) = Sarcastic . ( 5) = I miss you . ( 6) = I`d kiss you . ( 7) = Moody . ( 8) = Smart . ( 9) = Imaginative . ( 10) = Random . ( 11) = Hot . ( 12) = Funny . ( 13) = Fit . ( 14) = Amazing . ( 15) = Tough . ( 16) = Cute . ( 17) = I'd hit you with a bus . ( 18) = I love you . ( 19) = weirdo ( 20) = mine forever . ( 21) = Sister 
