is recovering at home after a long , wonderful week at camp . 

I do believe that even the new CRRT machines will fit out of the windows in Trauma / Burn . 
Is searching for the next great beer recipe . Any suggestions for a summer or early fall beer anyone ? 
Life isn't fair . It's just fairer than death , that's all .. RIP < PROPFIRST > . :( 
Is enjoying his last day off for a few days .... it sure is a nice one . 
Is off today ! Wooohoooo ... Thanks , Sparkles ! 
Needs more mafia members . Any Takers ? 
Bring on Monday ! Did I mention that I'm off until Wednesday ... :) 
Is stoked to have the next few days off . 
Misses < PROPFEMALE > Beach ... Especially during ECSC . :( 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Needs Beer .... 
Is going golfing ...... 
Is hoping his minor sunburns heal before work tomorrow ... I think I need cocoa butter . :) 
Did I mention it was MY Friday ? yup , and only 6 glorious days to do whatever . 
is tired of feeling like he was hit by a train . 
Wants to wish all the men and women who have served and those who are still serving our country a Happy Veterans Day ! We cannot thank you all enough for what you do to protect us and our freedom . 
Has too many things on his \hubby do\ " list . " 
Just got home from work , Is it bed time yet ? I get to do it all over again tomorrow , yipee MAMBA Monday ..... 
Coffee , Coffee , Coffee ... 
Loves Pumpkin Pie , just in case anybody was wondering . 
would be willing to take the WHOLE day off tommorrow if called , how about someone sharing this post with DW . ( hint , hint . ) 
Is ready for a new cell phone .. maybe even a blackberry of some sort . 
Thinks pizza would go well with the news of our winter storm warning tonight . 
Winter is the time of promise because there is so little to do - or because you can now and then permit yourself the luxury of thinking so . ~ Stanley Crawford 
Well , the Holiday season has definitely arrived . Too many parties , too little time . 
The 12 days of FB ..... 12 blank screens ..... 11 locked up links ..... 10 games not working ..... 9 days of screaming ..... 8 posts not posting ..... 7 emails griping ..... 6 times refreshing ..... 5 salty tears ..... 4 gifts missing ..... 3 broken mice ..... 2 therapists ..... and a programmer hanging from a treeeeee !!!!! ( feel free to copy and paste --- I did ! ) 
Nighttime , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ryone ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ...... Good Night .... 
Is spending the first full day since Christmas < PROPFEMALE > at HOME ... 
“When it snows , you have two choices : shovel or make snow angels” ~ author unknown . Looks like today I'll be doing both . 
That's right , there is a lame football game on tonight that they are calling a championship ... Just kidding < PROPFIRST > T . Roll Tide ! 
Is looking forward to winter burn camp . It is cold , but indoor waterpark here we come . 
Is going to be sore and tired in the morning after such an amazing day with winter burn camp .. Wouldn't trade it for the world . 
Is enjoying a cool , looooong weekend . 
Thanks everybody for the warm birthday wishes yesterday .. 
After Monday and Tuesday , even the week says WTF ... 
Is having a beer day tomorrow , the day everybody is Iish is right around the corner . 
Did I mention that I am making BEER today ? What is YOUR favorite beer ? 
ODU versus ND ... can't wait ... 
First upset of the tournament ... Old Dominion !!!!!!! :) 
Sorry - yesterday was the deadline for all complaints . 
What is a \free\ " gift ? Aren't all gifts free ? " 
Curiosity was framed ; ignorance killed the cat . 
was stoked to get a 5:00 am phone call this morning asking if I would like the day off ... Yes , please and thank you ! :) 
It's beer day ! :) 
Is very happy NOT being in A2 today . 
Feliz Cinco de Mayo ! 
\To the world you may be one person 
Right now there is a nurse holding the hand \ 
of a dying man , a nurse inserting an IV in a child , a nurse listening \ 
to an alzheimer's patient tell a story , a nurse missing their family \ 
while caring for yours . In the minute it took you to read this nurses\ 
all over the world are saving lives . ? It's nurse's appreciation \ 
week . :) 
Mother is the bank where we deposit all of our hurts and worries . - unknown\ 
\ 
Happy mothers day everyone . 
I asked Mom if I was a gifted child . She said they certainly \ 
wouldn't have PAID for me . – < PROPMALE > ( < PROPMALE > & Hobbes ) . \ 
Happy mother's day to my mom , and all of the \mother\ " figures I have had in my life . " 
Is NOT a fan of root canals . 
On call on a nice < PROPFEMALE > day ( Thanks < PROPFEMALE >!) Now please don't do anything stupid people . I would like to stay home today and get some yard work done . 
Just heard about a job opening in Texas with Compuware . Benefits include a 1 million dollar house for rent , a new Escalade , and a 6 figure salary .... 
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for \ 
permission . 
Day 2 of the world Cup . U.S. vs England at 1:30 p.m. today . Should be a great match ... 
Time to pack , KBC here we come ... 
Thank you to everyone who makes Kid's Burn Camp happen ... It was another fun , successful , and memorable week .... 
The only good thing about Mondays is that it will be another 7 days before it comes again . 
Beer Day !!! And more world cup to watch , what a great day ... 
whoa , Paraguay and Japan tied in OT , now going to Penalty Kicks . Who says soccer is boring ? 
Back to work tommorrow . Got to at least pay for my hobbies . 
Is definitely watching the Semifinal world cup game today . Afterall , it is too hot to go outside today according to the Weather Channel . 
..... 
YOUR PHONE NUMBER IS NOW PUBLISHED ON FACEBOOK !! \ 
Go to the top right of your screen , click \Account\ " then click \ " Edit \ 
It Is okay to grill outside in a tornado warning if it isn't raining right ??? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . 
“Drinking beer doesn't make you fat , It makes you lean .... Against bars , tables , chairs , and poles . ” 
Please\ 
copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been \ 
affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a\ 
smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no \ 
known cure for someone who needs a smack upside the head , except ... \ 
smacking ... them ... upside the head ... but ... we can ... raise awareness . \ 
Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
We have not forgotten and will always remember ... 
Is chillin ' in the UP this weekend . Seriously , it's kinda cold here . And sadly , my beautiful wife isn't here to keep me warm . 
Tecumseh's Appleumpkin Festival is this weekend , if you're in town we'd love to see you . 
Big Day ! Appleumpkin Festival in Tecumseh , Michigan vs Michigan State , 13 pounds of ribs on the smoker , 10 gallons of homebrew on tap , 5 gallons of homemade rootbeer ( for the kids ) also on tap . Stop by if you're in town , we'd love to see you . 
\The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing\ " - < PROPMALE > Burke " 
BEER ... 
Love that early Saturday morning phone call . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , I'll take on call and really hope that I DON'T get called in today . 
Boo ! 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , Dec . 6 , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . 
Beer Day ........ I hope it's ready in time for X-mas for all of those peeps I have been promising to give some to . 
It's really the cat's house - we just pay the mortgage . 
The Big Chill .... yeah , I'll be watching from somplace warm and inside with beers in hand . But , have fun everybody ! 
Can somebody please turn up the heat outside ? It's a little cold ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ... 
and I get to it all over again tomorrow ... 
hehehe ... The weather channel just said that it snowed in Los Vegas today . :-) 
Basement , Basement , Basement ..... Hopefully soon you will be a warm and inviting living space with a bar , a fireplace , a pinball machine , and a flat screen TV . 
Beer Day .... now what to brew ??? 
Off to work .... ( stay in bed if you can , It's only 4 degrees in A2 . 
Actually -10 with the wind chill . 
Thank You everyone for the warm birthday wishes . 
Thunder snow warnings ? 
Dear MDOT , I might need an escort to work tomorrow if you're not too busy . 
