smushing < PROPFEMALE > and her puppy-butt dont mind 

is on a train to nowhere and it seems like its an ok place 
is working with skeletons ... youll see in a day or two ... 
ready to go back but the silly puppy thats kicking my head wants to come too ... thing they would let my bring my Chihuahua she cute and potty trained .... think they would ? 
feels over-exhausted i wonder why ? 
is taking children's gummy vitamins .. why because its the same stuff as the adults just different dosage(also like 3 dollars less ) and gummy bears are good ! 
lighting and thunder and power off ekks ... and know back hehe i have a flashlight so im prepared woot ! 
7:15 old shower is no fun why was there no hot water ? 
potato soup and salad for dinner yummy ! 
Coffee ( even weak coffee ) makes some things better ... :) <3 
urgh urgh stupid photo thing on facebook you can go jump off a bridge thats what .. sorry no pictures today ... 
Pride Dance set up 330 in den pride dance 10pm to 2am Come out !!! 
gets to go home ... blah not cool .... 
oh facebook stop telling me i have messages when i dont ... 
Can wait for Where the wild things are movie ! 
not really feeling great have a long day tomorrow so yea . 
tired ... long days ahead of me ... 
margine's wedding tommrow she is no longer Vendrick !!! <3 
: ( misses home and everyone there <3 
<3 facebook and its pirate talk option so i dont logg out i abandon ship <3 yay !!!! 
I want to take french !!!!!! 
im ready for break coming to be coming home tues so anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > call me ! 
thanks for the bday wishes everyone !! <3 
working thats all ive been doing ... and thats all ill contunie doing till break ... 
in the library and wish that people who wanted to look at porn would go home and do so .... i dont want to see vaginas and booty when im trying to write a paper 
Library + music = paper working ... and its going ok ! 
done for the day sortof ... need sleep kind of 
project project words words .... talk talk ... coffee needs to magically reappear in cups self refilling 
Computer is back !!! 
Neon Blue . 
Ladies - your red , black , pink , Neon Blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and nude bra colors made Fox News and Good Morning < PROPFEMALE > . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > G Komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra Color Posts ... :) 
is tired but tons of things still to do 
Way Back Week .. via pictures 
slowly killing trees 
long days and nights ahead 
Little wisps of wind that create small tornadoes of chaos . 
when stuff starts breaking in the studio its time to walk away . 
great start to the morning ... haha then seeing < PROPMALE > and fin < PROPMALE > ly < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
tired very tired ... no sleep tonight though 
Long stressful week so ... yea ..... 
This week is turning out to be very bad/sad .... need some rest and family time . 
urgh ... so many things to do < PROPFEMALE > little time .. 
Thank you everyone that helped me this weekend , and the ones who offered but didn't get to help ! 
Thanks everyone for coming out to my opening last night !.... and for those who haven't seen my show it will be up till Friday till 4 . 
finals week and then back home ! 
Tired ... things slowly getting done .. two more weeks and I'm out of here . 
does anyone know if there are senior week activities ? 
paper ... french exam .. papers ... then sleep 
papers done now to move out stuff from the < PROPMALE > building ... 
heading home for the day ! 
Went home today think it would have been easier to stay longer .. but when sat roles around dont have to come back unless some peoples tempt me ... 
graduation tomorrow and then home :) 
working on my resume ... then to apply and send it into places .. 
< PROPFEMALE > boop 
job interview ... nervous .... 
in the process ... 
modest mouse and a thunderstorm was very peaceful driving back home :) 
1st day on the job went super great ! 
If you could see me Whoever I am . It's not like the movies , but it's not all skin and bones . So come on love 
Don't know how tomorrow's going to look tax free weekend ... urgh hopefully it is not too bad at work . 
can weds finally get here ? 
Someones having a nice night after having stolen a psp from target today ... blah 
Work work work 
is still in motion even if standing still 
Not a good start to the week .... car accidents sux 
Please , join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors . My wish is that people will understand thatbeing ripped limb from limb and gobbled by a vicious carnivore is not achoice - people that were eaten were just not fast enough . 93% won't ... copy and paste this . For good reason . . 
Just finished < PROPFIRST > quist book lets just say if u dont start working on another one you will have a very unhappy camper . It was buetiful < PROPFIRST > loved it ! :) 
cartoon week pick your fav cartoon from when you were a kid ... 
thanks every one for the bday wishes it was a great one even if i had to work ... :) 
5 : Your awesome ! and i wish we still were seeing eachother every day you always know how to make me smile even in my really really bad days I miss our convos just about anything ! and sitting around at the table when you gonna visit ? 
14 what to say what to say ... those times in < PROPMALE > class avoiding people and going to lunch at subway were the best ! we need to < PROPFEMALE > out soonish it feels like forever and a day since the last time i saw you 
Waiting at the hospital blergh wish moms meeting would hurry ups 
Its way too early blergh tired and tomrrow i have to wake up an hour earlier 
Work blergh tired 
Bought my wedding dress today it is beautiful !!!!!!! <3 
working on guest book yay ! yall are gonna loves it 
Guest book arrived today !!!! <3 :) 
slept for an hour now cant get back to sleep and have to be at work at 7 am urgh ................ 
blergh still somewhat sick .... hopefully this sick will go away .. 
<3 had a good weekend 
