monkeys ... monkeysmonkeysmonkeysmonkeys ... 

Needing homes for some rescued animals ... Going to pick up mama < PROPFEMALE > with 4 < PROPFEMALE > babies and a few medium/larger dogs from the shelter today . Any good homes out there looking for a new best friend ??? 
Need a home for brother and sister chunky cute weiner/sausage dogs , < PROPFEMALE > and Cosmo . 6 years old , so sweet , fixed and microchipped , quiet and loving , cuddley red little weiner pups !! Also(possinbly ) 6 pound grey toy poodle female , great with everyone , soon to be spayed , housetrained , sweet and < PROPFEMALE > . 
How DO yo get to Sesame Street ? Always wondered ... cuz I want a muppet dog . 
My house smells of eau de skunk ... yummy . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > . 
My new dog is ugggggllllllllyyyyy !!!! 
Anyone looking for a fixed and declawed < PROPFEMALE > to adopt into their family ? We have several needing homes , long and short hair . All between 1 and 5 years old .... Save A < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Anyone care to contribute to help pull some more kitties from the Flint shelter so that I can rescue them when I am down there ? It's $35 per fixed < PROPFEMALE > . I'm paying to save 2 , would like to get at least 4 or 5 out and into new homes . Anyone ??? 
blehhhh 
Kittens , kittens everywhere . Who needs a kitten ??? Get your red hot kittens here !! ( Ok , they're really not red or hot , but there's lots of ' em and we need to find homes ... ) 
Kitties ????? 
Ninja -- stealthy black neutered < PROPFEMALE > with no claws seeking family . 
Would anyone be able to pick up and hold 2 rabbits for ne from the Lansing area until I get to Detroit on th 12th ? The lady wants them gone before the 12th ... 
I'm a Grandma !!! 
Who wants to build me some rabbit hutches ??? Volunteers ?? 
12 < PROPFEMALE > butts ... 3 more to go ! 
14 < PROPFEMALE > butts !! 
Lots of adorable dogs I need some homes for !!!! A 2 year old spayed tan chihuahua mix girl , a 2 year old white with black and brown neutered rat terrier boy , a gorgoues < PROPFEMALE > retriever/autralian shepherd boy under a year , an adorable brindle basset mix boy , and moooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrrreeeeeeeeee ....... 
Tonight(July 23)Ragbirds at Union Strret\ 
Next Saturday(July 31 ) < PROPMALE > Fu Rodeo at Union Street\ 
AND The following Saturday(August 7)The Villa In Frankfort\ 
Who's Coming Dancing With Me ??????????????????? 
And many many many more !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's so much lonelier feeling lonely when there is someone there then just being alone and lonely ... 
Insomnia sucks ! 
yep , still bored .... 
Shrimp shrimp shrimp ! I love shrimp ! Don't wanna cook , but i wanna eat it . I shall eat shrimp peacefully in bed with no children or other bothersome creatures to irritate me . 
Now I just need ice cream .... 
Who can guess why < PROPFEMALE > can't lose any weight ???? See below ... 
Zee shrimp is quite good , cuz you all wanted to know that . 
Rabbits anyone ?? No , not the cooked variety .. 
Those are 2 of 4 lop bunnies who need homes . 2 boys , 2 girls . They are nice bunnies , gonna be chunky . 
All the Bunnies went to homes . Now for the next batch of homeless furballs ! 
Rainy days are so much better when you have someone to snuggle with ... :( 
and some things just suck 
I miss home ... 
Thinking of celecrating my 40th birthday on New Years eve ..... anyone ? 
thinking of not celebrating at all actually ... 
Who is gonna spring my doggy from < PROPMALE > ???? Anyone ??? 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!! Made me super happy to wake up and see all of those nice happy birthdays !!! 
I will be downstate this weekend . I have 3 baby bunnies needing homes . Anyone want one ? 
On the road tomorrow morning with 17 dogs and 4 bunnies .... WOOHOO ! 
Our adoptable < PROPFEMALE > of the Day is Sampson(aka chubby ) who is a chunky grey male lop about 3 or 4 years old . Sampson is super cute and I'll take his picture later today . Anyone interested in adopting Sampson ? 
My step father-Tom Stapleton-Passed away yesterday . Funeral will be this Sunday I believe at the gym at Benzie Central High Scholl . More details when I get them later today 
Wow ... it's strange the people who find you on Facebook .... 
I was much thinner when I drank lots of Vodka .... time for a diet change 
Ok , who volunteers to lock me in a closet and not let me out til I lose 20 pounds and grow a spine ??? 
R.I.P. Crinkle ..... 
Off to deliver some more dogs to rescues downstate tomorrow ... let there be sun ! 
