My New Year's Hangover isn't too bad this year . 

Upon reflection , vodka and salsa shots are actually a bad idea . 
Today I made an attempt to embrace technology . Assuming the cursed thing doesn't spontaneously combust , it should be a good thing . 
Far too much Soviet Pooh . 
Apparently Kirkland's Anejo < PROPFEMALE > is pretty strong , as I'm sittin ' pretty after only two shots . Either that or I've become a lightweight , which seems unlikely . 
Into the breach once more , and I'll have Christmas off . Also known as EVERY Friday ! 
Steak for dinner , Force Unleashed for entertainment , and Sweet Freedom from work . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to me ! 
It's eerie being in my store when there's only four of us 
Talking is overrated . Which is good , since I can't at the moment . 
Just caught up on Sons of Anarchy . Damn , son ... 
Robeks smoothies . They're like a billion calories , but it's all fruit . I'm sure that's fine . 
I know . Just reading them makes me feel angry ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and cold medications go well together . 
Two wrongs don't make a right , but three rights do make a left . Of course . five rights mean you're going right again . 
Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity -- Hanlon's Razor 
It sucks to be up and leaving for work before the sun is even up . 
How bad is a no call/no show , anyway ? 
Bullshit shifts start today . Huzzah ... 
go to urbandictionary.com, search your first name . Copy and paste this as your status and the first entry for your name as the first comment . 
Won $100 from the Superbowl pool I was in . Good times ... 
GAAAAAAAAHHHHHH !!!!! 
I don't know about you , but Rimming Salt seems dirty to me . 
My hair goes naturally Flock of Seagulls when I don't shower . 
Made it to Big Bear after much hardship . Was forced to consume < PROPMALE > to keep up my strength . Hopefully lunch today will be more filling . 
4 inches of snow last night . My car looks chilly . Luckily , there's still a couple of days to melt . 
Found two gray hairs on my right < PROPFEMALE > . It's official ; I'm old . 
Watched Forgetting < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . I enjoyed it , though admitedly , I saw more of < PROPFIRST > Segal's penis than I care to . 
Just had a dream that a bunch of us from Target went to a Walmart to help guests as a prank . And we knew the store better than Walmart employees . I need to get out more ... 
The mountain can't flaw my argument , so it repeats what I say in a funny voice . 
Me : Alright ; full shift at time and half , then a barbecue . Let's do this ! \ 
\ 
My Back : Yeah ... I'm gonna have to go ahead and , disagree with you there ? Yeah , I've decided to start hurting ; so I'm gonna need you to go ahead and leave work early . Mmmkay ? 
I am the Piemaster . It's similar in many ways to the Keymaster , except I bring pie , not Gozer the Gozerian . 
At the request of a Facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say a prayer or best wishes for the US \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE ... IT ON ... EVERYONE'S < PROPFEMALE > . Even if its only for an hour . " 
Change\ 
your profile pic for an animated character from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . The goal is to not see a human face \ 
on Facebook until Monday December 6th . Support the fight against Child \ 
Abuse by copying and pasting this as your status . 
If anyone needs me , I'll be busy walking into Mordor 
New phone up and running . maybe now I'll get all my texts instead of a couple a week . 
Finally finished Inception . It ended exactly how I expected it would . 
