so bored right now ....... so i made a facebook . lol 

took my dog to the vet . he has infected butt glands . lol 
watching A Very Potter Musical ..... again . lol . love it so much , so funny . 
just realized today was 9/11 .... that means nine years ago today i was in Germany buying school supplies when the twin towers fell ..... 
why the hell am i up at 4 am ? 
so my stupid laptop crashed ..... again . im gonna start saving for a new one , till then my mom is getting the old one fixed ..... sooner or later 
starting a volunteer job today at an elementary school ..... Dylan's to be exact . 
watchin The Spirit ....... bored :( 
picked < PROPMALE > up from school ....... feet hurt now :( 
not feeling well this morning :( but on the upside , later i'm taking < PROPMALE > to see the < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog at his school :) 
having a musical marathon !!!! 
feeling better than i did yesterday ..... still sick though :( 
ok , first i had a dream about a ghost ( completely freaked me out , btw ) then i wake up and all the electronics in my house start going crazy . so it's gonna be one of THOSE days ..... 
just got a cell phone !!!! message if u want the # 
so my nephew keeps calling me mom by accident ..... does this tell you something ? 
i wrapped christmas presents , cleaned my room , got rid of some old crap , and now i'm eating breakfast . i do more before 7 than most do all day =D 
just watched < PROPFEMALE > Trek ...... friggin awesome movie !!!! never thought i'd love it that much 
just went to see < PROPMALE > Potter !!!! next one comes out july 15 !!!! 
just finished watching Iron Man & Iron Man 2 .... wow i'm watching a lot of movies lately 
doing a puzzle :D im a dork 
the weirdest thing happened to me last night around midnight . i was half asleep and i heard this humming in my ear as if someone was lying right by me ..... weird 
went to clean a house today w/ < PROPFIRST > & now i have a huge bruise on my leg . i am such a clutz . 
gonna get a hair cut tomorrow .... finally .... and i got eighty bucks .... thank you < PROPFIRST > ! 
finally watched Boondock Saints 2 and all i have to say is , with the way they ended that movie , they better come out with a third . 
i am so afreaid of water , when i heard the tsunami was hitting CA i literally broke down into tears ..... i am so gonna have an anxiety attack before this is over . 
