Silly dog -- thinks totem pole is alive !!! 

God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; courage to change the things I can ; and wisdom to know the difference . 
Dear Lord i am unworthy of your mercy and grace , but You died so that i might have them , despite how wretched and undeserving i know that i am . Almighty Father forgive me and help me to serve You according to Your sufficient plan for my life , not my own . Sweet Jesus i come to You now because through You and You alone may i be cleansed and redeemed of my sins . please help me live as You intended , in Your sufficiency . 
It doesn’t count as ‘stumbling’ if you deliberately trip yourself , does it . 
My car is titled , registered , lisenced , and insured ! 10 days to get the inspection and she is brilliantly and completely road-worthy ! And college starts next Monday ! :D :D :D 
I just set my language to ' Upside down English'! It's rocking and giving me a headache . 
REALIZE , REPENT , BE REDEEMED . 
I PASSED MY ROAD TEST !!!!! And I passed my Psych midterm !!!! Today has been pretty nice :) 
Silly dog , thinks totem pole is alive ! 
I think that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are a REALLY cute couple no matter what anyone says in counter to that . Congrats you guys :) 
.... ' cause I'd get a thousand hugs from ten thousand lightning bugs as they tried to teach me how to dance ..... 
I can't comprehend how something so trivial can have such a hold on my emotions , and I feel extremely stupid . Note : Get over self and focus on important things . Let God have control for a while and see how that goes . 
I know someday it'll all turn out . You'll make me work so we can work to work it out . And I promise you , kid , that I'll give so much more than I get , I just haven't met you yet . 
\The world has seen Christian extremists who declare war in the name of the Lamb . But where are the Christian extremists for love and grace ? \ " - < PROPFIRST > Claiborne " 
I find myself rather sad to be leaving . Uncomparable to the technological bonuses of being here , I've had such a fantastic visit with mom and < PROPFIRST > . After simply too long of a time without seeing my mother , it's been amazing to talk and laugh with her again . My entire stay has been wonderful , and I am reluctant to have to go . At present I am looking forward to coming back here soon , and praying for a safe drive home . 
wishes she was as good a pranster as < PROPFEMALE > Behen . But Cilla is still her < PROPFIRST > . 
\It was midnight in the Howling < PROPMALE > . The wind whistled through the tops of the ancient trees . Suddenly something enormous crashed and rumbled through the eerie woods . \"" 
\One often meets his < PROPFEMALE > on the road he takes to avoid it . \"" 
\It's a big .... bluish-green man .... with a strange-looking goatee . I'm guessing that's significant . \"" 
Priscilla : \Like when she kicked you in the leg ? \ " Luke : \ " She didn't kick me in the leg she HIT me with a CHAIR ! \"" 
I wanna be a billionaire SO FREAKIN BAD !!! Ohh everytime I close my eyes I see my name in shinning lights . A different city every night , oh I , I swear the world better prepare for when im a billionaire !!! 
\I don't think it's any of our business when Jesus will come again and we shouldn't live with new purpose because people are saying He will come soon . We should maintain a life of devotion and love regardless . \ " - < PROPMALE > Schierer " 
I am in FLORIDA people !!!! It's weird not to be in New York with all my responsibilites and not seeing all my typical peeps , but so far it's wonderful to be here :) Seeing Grandma and Grandpa is absolutely FANTASTIC ! I'm looking forward to the rest of a wonderful visit :) 
“Give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Lazarus 
\My heart longs for your heart ; to embrace your soul . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
I had a FABULOUS time at iMatter Fest 2010 !!!! The bands that I saw were absolutely fantastic : An Early Ending , Kid Nap Kin , The Almost , and all the others !!! iMatter is an amazing organization that now harbors my full support , and I can't express my gratitude to the amazing people who created and maintain it . GOD IS WORKING THROUGH iMATTER !! And I'm just so glad that I got to be a part of it ! <3 
“Lead me with strong hands , stand up when I can't , don't leave me hungry for love ; chasing dreams , but what about us ? Show me you're willing to fight , that I'm still the love of your life . I know we call this our home , but I still feel alone . \ " , 201 0-0 8-13 20:54:19 " 
Chawna : \Ugh ! I REALLY don't like cuckoo clocks . I don't know why . \ " \ 
Huh . Darned if Mom wasn't right ! ...... Again . 
\Downal wyth Bluddy Behg Hid ! \"" 
Thank you for amazing hugs , awesome friends , and grand explores . Finally , goodbye summer :) 
..... have I gone .... MAD ? 
Chills , butterflies , mouth hanging open .... I've fallen in love with Muse :) 
\Chawna is to the Temples like Tanis is to the Currys . .... but I don't drink their beer . \ " -Me " 
In my imaginary neighborhood , you live next door :) 
Props to Old Navy in < PROPFEMALE > . Freaking cute , MALE dressing room attendants !!! I approve ! 
You can't change who I am , or the way that i think . I won't change how you live , or the words that you speak . But neither of us is a stranger to joy or pain . No matter how we're different , we're very much the same . Fellow traveler let me take you to a place where I've found rest . Fellow seeker let me show you where I've found true happiness . Fellow beggar I have good news , I know where there is bread . ~ Ginny Owens 
Sang on the phone and smashed a whale , put a new shirt on and told a risque story in the back seat , stood up and cheered for a fight , pointed out guys and lost a bet for nickels , threw a frisbee with a < PROPFEMALE > and couldn't reach the turtle , held hands for hours while getting cut on crushed ice , heard the pretty poem and stuffed the open window , scored the least for rolling the ball and fell asleep by the ketchup . 
\It's always nice to look out the window and see those very first few flakes of snow .... \"" 
Tu m'aimes ? 
He is jealous for me , loves like a hurricane , I am a tree , bending beneath the weight of His wind and mercy . When all of a sudden , I am unaware of these afflictions eclipsed by < PROPFEMALE > , and I realize just how beautiful You are , and how great Your affections are for me . And oh , how He loves us so , oh , how He loves us , how He loves us so . 
\Juice .... is .... my .... VESSEL !!!! \"" 
