Summer finally !! :D 

split my toenail open on my flip turn now it hurts ! :( 
Hope practice tomorrow goes better ... 
... 
packing ... :( 
is home and had a blast !!!! :D 
misses camp !! :( and sleeping in ! 
Gonna do HORRIBLE tomorrow !! :( 
Dropped 3 seconds on my 50 free !!!! :D :D 
Pulled the ligaments in my shoulder swimming now i can't swim at divisionals :( 
Had a blast playing volleyball in the rain !!! :D 
leaving in the morning for Disney !! :D :D 
Got my permit !!!! :D :D 
But grow in the grace and knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ . To him be < PROPFEMALE > both now and forever ! Amen . 2 < PROPFIRST > 3:18 
The LORD is my light and my salvation -- whom shall I fear ? The LORD is the stronghold of my life -- of whom shall I be afraid ? Psalm 27:1 
Too often we think we need a cetain thing that God hasn't given us when , in reality , he is protecting us from something that would spoil us . 
Glad I finally know what was wrong with my foot ! :D 
Been in a storm in life that seemed to never change ? Maybe God doesn't want to change the storm . Maybe the storm is there to change you 
Seems like it was just the other day we were moving from Kentucky can't believe it has already been 3 years and we are doing it again . 
On my own , I'm nothing but a big mess of sin . But through Jesus Christ I'm made alive 
Everything that God wants to give you is free ! You don’t deserve it ; you can’t earn it . That’s what grace is all about . 
Got back from camp at < PROPFEMALE > it was an amazing week watching God work in our lives ! 
You will trust God to the extent you think he's trustworthy ! How much do u trust Him ?!?! 
When offended by others tell God , not gossipers . Take it to the Throne , not the phone ! God reduces hurt . Gossips reinforce it . 
Jesus came knowing what he would face , so you would have the grace to face what you did not know you would face . 
Finally closed on the house !! :D :D 
The grace of Jesus is not fully seen until weakness is fully experienced . Though right now it seems nothing is going right God is still on his thrown and in full controll you just have to trust him . If you are ever upset and need someone to talk to let me know . I will keep y'all in my prayers . RIP < PROPFIRST > 
Working at the Family Campground this summer !! 
Had a great day worshipping God at Surrender Baptist Church ! 
