At Edd's ringing in the New Year with all my good friends . For those who aren't here , have a safe and Happy New Year ! 

can't be beat ! 
is working out at the gym . 
When did I decide it wasn't cool to sleep at night anymore ? 
has to be up early for f'ing < PROPFIRST>'s cancer benefit at Captain < PROPFIRST>'s . Come out . 
is chillin ' 
is on vacation ! 
Wants to go to Cedar Point sometime this week . I'm on vacation , so any day is good . Anyone interested ? 
is playing vball at captain < PROPFIRST>'s 
ready for volleyball leagues 
is turning in for a couple of hours . 
Crushed his opposition ..... again . 
I didn't think < PROPMALE > Grohl would actually show up . 
relaxin ' 
Double-header today . I wish I weren't so tired .... 
Dayton , Here I come ! 
Glad to finally be home . 
Going to get a Palm Pre tonight . 
Started bowling for the winter today . Didn't do too bad . Threw a 237 . 
I hate when close friends move away ... 
I need to find my bed . 
Want to play volleyball but need sleep more :( 
I need another player for my Thursday night nine-ball team . Preferably a four . Anyone interested ? 
Just took a step out of my box . 
I like my new tattoo . 
nothing much 
I'm feeling outgoing today . 
wins again ! 
Can't wait for skydiving tomorrow . Hope it's somewhat warm . 
I'm glad I'm still alive after skydiving , especially considering the people that jumped out after me are not . 
I hope I can keep winning . Maybe I can get top gun this session . 
I like winning money while playing pool . 
I don't want the season to change . I hate the cold . 
Pool leagues tonight . Let's see if I can stay undefeated ! 
Using today to catch up on sleep . The pay is nice , but working 60 hours a week just sucks . No free time :( 
Sometimes I wish an arrow would just appear to point me in the right direction . 
I need to figure out what to dress up as for my friends Halloween wedding . Any ideas ? 
I have no lid upon my head , but if I did , you could look inside and see what's on my mind . Oh , it's you . 
Freshly tattoed . 
Why is it I'm good at everything I do , except the one thing I want to be good at ? 
strippers are funny 
I need to get a damn costume already . 
Finally home after the wedding festivities . Now it's time to relax , kick my feet up ... 
I finally won at leagues . That slump was really getting to me . 
hates when women don't take the man's name when they're married . There's something about the double last name that just bothers me . 
Killing people on Call of Duty 
Nothing like a 70-30 win at pool leagues ! 
What to do tonight ? Maybe Captain < PROPFIRST>'s ? I don't know . If anyone's doing anything , hit me up . 
Can't play COD due to the giant blood blister on my thumb :( 
Why can't I get just one screw ? Why can't I get just one screw ? Believe me I know what to do ! But something won't let me make love to you . 
Time for sleep 
at work , only 3 hours left ! 
My medication made me sick . So much for work . 
I hate insurance companies . I wish it wasn't such a necessity . 
watching a movie 
FML !!!! @#%& 
Taking a nap before playoffs . 
Going to see Sherlock Holmes , then maybe a party . 
I finally have a Saturday off and I don't have anything to do ! Where is everyone ? Hit me up . 
happy new day ! 
Going out to Michaels . 
I woke up late and missed my dentist appt . FML ! 
Thanks to all of those who were out at < PROPFIRST>'s tonight . You turned a shitty night into a great one . I miss my old spot . 
Back to the gym today ! Gotta lose some pounds ! 
Going to bed . Up at 3 for another 10 hour day ..... 
My face feels like it's going to fall off .... 
I slept for 20 hours last night . Now I'm ready for bed again .... and I've only been awake four hours . There's gotta be something wrong with me . 
Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this- You betcha I have the guts to repost this ! 
Thanks to everyone for all the bday wishes :) 
Thanks to everyone who made it out last night . I had a great time ! 
< PROPFIRST > - A charismastic , charming , handsome , respectful and chivalrous gentleman of high upbringing . A ' < PROPMALE > Charming ' so to speak in many aspects . The perfect boyfriend ; someone who will stay on the phone with you just because , someone who opens doors for you , someone who makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside whenever you're near them . They generally are funny , and tease you a lot . But you never care . 
Magic and then Captain < PROPFIRST>'s for < PROPFIRST > and RJ's birthdays 
Going to bed way too late . Gotta be at work in three hours ..... 
I was pleasantly surprised to find out my body fat is only 17% . Now if I could only lose this gut . 
going to pool leagues 
Bowling tournament at < PROPFEMALE > . 
Should I give up or should I just keep chasing pavement , even though it leads nowhere . 
How does Facebook decide who's stories are top stories anyways ? I like to read them all . 
sleep , then pool tourney , then parties ! 
Going to mcmenamy's for karaoke ! 
I hate cars ! They cost me so much money ! 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s for Steph's bday . 
So glad tomorrow's my Friday :) 
watching cirque du freak 
Every day is exactly the same ..... 
chillin ' til pool leagues , then name that tune afterwards . 
Magic tourney ... then maybe out ? What's everyone doing tonight ? 
Going out . Don't know where yet . Text me 
chillin ' at home , listening to sad music and generally just feeling anti-social . 
Watching Capitalism : A Love Story 
Going to visit Slamm 
happy easter ! 
I want Coldstone ! 
Just got home from Chipotle and Coldstone . I'm now finding it hard to move . MMMM ..... Naptime . 
Going to get some practice for pool leagues . Then pool leagues and maybe karaoke at Up a Creek afterwards . I haven't sang in soooo long ! 
i was tired until i went out , now i'm wide awake 
enjoying some fetuccine < PROPMALE > :) 
at havana house with the A-team having a belgian breakfast . YUM ! 
is amazed by the stupidity of some people . 
name that tune at slim's! 
chillin ' at < PROPFEMALE>'s 
ugh , drank too much last night 
Doing laundry , then packing for the trip to Lancaster in the morning . I love bowling tournaments ! 
on my way to lancaster for a bowling tourney . 
did well in team event . Almost got a triplicate . 196 , 196 , 197 
relaxed for the last hour in the hot tub , now it's time for rummy ! 
What a day . 5 hours of bowling followed by 3 hours of driving . So glad I'm home . No work tomorrow ! Woot Woot ! What's everyone doing tonight ? 
roll-offs tonight ! Give me some money ! 
lost ... sad face 
Going to the Rig to < PROPFEMALE > . Hopefully I'll see < PROPFIRST > Raptis and < PROPFEMALE > Welch there :) 
at pool leagues . Losing our ass . Up a creek tonight for karaoke ! 
lost again . That's two days now :( 
I hate when I get into the shortest line and sams club and it ends up being the retarded line where everyone in front of me has problems 
I have no luck today :( 
overslept ! Fml ! 
volleyball at 430 . 
I feel like playing pool , but nobody wants to playwith me :( Looks like I was destined to play Splinter Cell all night . 
at perkins 
at captain kellys enjoying the lovely weather :) 
I don't think it's that funny when I hit my funny bone . 
Got a new modem . Maybe my net will actually run right now . 
party tonight ! I can't wait ! 
unsatisfied ! 
pool leagues and then maybe karaoke 
< PROPMALE > Mckee is playing the house of blues on July 22 . Anyone want to go with me ? 
Stoked for vacation ! Only two more days ... 
To bed , up at 3 am for work . TGIF ! 
Nap and then pool leagues . 
Won at pool leagues . Got a break and run . 29 out of 30 balls ain't too shabby :) 
Cleaned the car , all the fluids are full . Now it's time to pack . Rock on the Range tomorrow ! 
On the road . 
already burnt to a crisp 
Rock on the Range was awesome ! I love my friends ! Now for a week in Dayton ! 
Breakfast , then hiking with < PROPFEMALE > at Yellow Springs ! 
Had a great time last night . Now to help a friend move and then poker all night ! 
Had a great time at Soft Rock . Wish I didn't have to drive home tomorrow . 
I love my friends ! 
watching The Lovely Bones 
Laying here . Can't sleep . Too many thoughts . I hate having an overly active mind ! 
Summertime , and the suns out late . Kinda feels weird going to bed while the sun is out . 
Eating pizza . Then a nap . Later on I'll be at the Rig . Stop out people ! 
playing mw2 until pool leagues 
Come up to meet ya , tell you I'm sorry . You don't know how lovely you are . I had to find you , tell you I need ya , and tell you I set you apart 
So , 3 hours of volleyball makes me feel old yet refreshed . My hip hurts . 
It's 5:20 am . Do you know where your children are ? 
Watching Inglourious Basterds 
playing pool at captain kellys 
at the rig . Where's everyone at ? 
internets out until tuesday . Fml ! 
I gots my net back ! 
has been rated XXX . Due to the graphic nature , May not be suitable for all viewers . Please be advised Nudity , Language , and Violence may be present 
is amazed by what control + W does , try it ! 
shower then < PROPFIRST>'s 
thinks if you buy the logic that guns kill people , than mustn't it also be true that pencils misspell words ; cars drive drunk ; & spoons make people fat ? 
how many times a day do you ask yourself how bad you really need your job ? 
If you can't say something nice about someone ... come sit by me ... i wanna laugh and say mean things too .. LOL 
wonders how I can remember lyrics to a song I haven't heard since 1992 . But can't , even for a million bucks ; remember why I just walked into the kitchen .. 
' s weather alert : It's almost too hot to breathe . 
I really wish I hadn't agreed to work overtime this week . 
is no longer listed as sober 
If I had a < PROPFEMALE > for every time I thought of you , I would be a millionaire . if I had a < PROPFEMALE > for every time I missed you , I would be a billionaire . 
who wants to go to the ledges with me today when I get off work ? ( saturday ) I get out at 2 
Had a great evening . Now for some much needed rest . 
only got 2 hrs of sleep last night . Vball is gonna suck ! 
sitting in a parking lot . Broke down . Pretty sure it's the thermostat . Boring . Hurry up tow truck ! 
I hate being stuck at home with no way out . Maybe I'll take out the bicycle . 
If you rear ended a midget , and he got out of his car and screamed \I'm not Happy ! \ " would you have the nerve to ask \ " Well which one are you then ? \"" 
Just got outta work . 12 hour day and my boss left in 8 . I'm feeling the < PROPFIRST > hate right now ! 
at pool leagues , then the rig for drinking shennanigans 
playing cornhole with the family 
remember when someone annoys u it takes 42 muscles in Ur face to frown but it only takes 4 muscles to extend Ur arm and bitch slap that mo Foe upside the head 
Playing a little cornhole and then heading to bed . Gotta work bright and early ! 
Going to the Medievil Faire . 
Lost at the pre-release and volleyball today . Just not having any luck I guess . 
only one more our in hell :) 
Girls do not dress for boys . They dress for themselves , and of course each other . If girls dressed for boys , they'd just walk around naked all the time . 
... sometimes when I need to argue with myself , I put my cell phone to my ear so people don't look at me funny ... it actually works ! 
Getting ready for Cedar Point ! 
going to captain < PROPFIRST>'s to play some pool 
\Live your life as if you were to die tomorrow ... Learn as if you were to live forever . \ " -Gandhi " 
On the downside , Haiti fell through . On the positive side , I got that new position at work ! I start in a couple of weeks . 
Volleyball at 6 at Captain < PROPFIRST>'s . 
to bed 
Going to work . The people on welfare depend on me ! 
2 hours sleep = day dragging by at a crawl :( 
Often times at work it feels like I am asking a rock to tell another rock what I need from yet another rock . 
Is Licking your profile picture ;) 
saw a billboard sign that said : NEED HELP , CALL JESUS 1-800-555-3787 Out of curiosity , I did . A Mexican showed up with a lawnmower 
Anyone interested in playing in a Monday night 9-ball league ? 
odonalds tonight for karaoke . Anyone care to join ? Text me 
woo hoo ! Good job team ! First place ! 
I cook using the four food groups - canned , boxed , bagged , and frozen . 
* Alarm Clock * ( n ): An evil device invented by Satan to disrupt the peaceful sleep of otherwise happy folks at a predetermined hour . 
I owe , I owe , so off to work I go . To pay my bills , to feed my mouth , I owe , I owe . 
watching The Box , then to bed . 
I have to be up in 4 hours . Why am I not sleepy yet ? 
Hmm ..... slept for 3 hours and now I'm wide awake . WTF ! 
Tomorrow , I get my sleeve done . I'm pretty stoked ! 
Mill Creek Park 
at high pointe for karaoke . Stop out 
Went on a helicopter ride it was an extremely fantastic experience until I ran out of quarters and the little boy in line behind me wouldn't share ! 
singing karaoke at odonalds 
is wondering if Moms get Mothers Day , and Dads get Fathers day , what do Single Guys get ? Palm Sunday ? 
going to the gym . First time since march . This is gonna hurt :) 
Game night would be great tonight . Where the hell are all my friends ? 
I'm not picky , I just know what I like 
I think I should start riding my bike everywhere . If it weren't for cars , I wouldn't have half the debt I do now . 
Please put this on your status if you know or are related to someone killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Rebel Alliance is a band of murdering scum . The Empire wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Rebels continue to kill innocent ... civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least 1 hr ? 
To bed . Tri-cups in the morning . 
good morning world ! 
off work early ! 
When we were young and truth was paramount , we were older then and we lived our life without any doubt . 
nothing like falling asleep early and then waking up 4 hours later 
going to the gym . Pushing for 5 < PROPMALE > today ! 
another half hour at work and then to the rig ! 
RIP Slamm . I'll miss u 
sometimes , walking into this place makes me want to quit 
RIP Grandma 
my friend < PROPFIRST > is in town doing tattoos . If anyone is interested get ahold of me . My number is on my profile . He leaves on thursday . 
is wondering about the first person who looked at a cow and said , \I \ 
at the rig . Stop out 
I think it's time to sell the ps3 ..... anyone want one ? 
Yay ! got my cpu back ! 
Happy Christmas everyone ! 
nothing like working all day on christmas ! Fml 
my day isn't over until I've utterly horrified a random stranger . :) 
your walking down the street and out of nowhere a giant kangaroo on a unicycle comes flying down the road being chased by a mouse . what would you do ? 
Anyone need a low handicap for pool ? 
pool leagues at big mikes ! 
At birth all people are soft and yielding . At death they are hard and stiff . All green plants are tender and yielding . At death they are brittle and dry . When hard and rigid , we consort with death . When soft and flexible , we affirm greater life . 
the rig 
at wwe . 
high pointe tonight for my bday thing 
Note to friends on facebook . If I wanted updates on every play in the game , I would watch it .... or at least espn . That is all . 
Big loss tonight :( 
thanks everyone for all of the birthday wishes :) 
3 ball at the rig . Come out and play 
5 hours til I leave for < PROPMALE > ! 
at dennys . Our waitress ' name is < PROPFIRST > .... 
oh noooo ..... watch out < PROPMALE > . Hard freeze watch tonight ! Lol . These people crack me up . Under 40 = extremely cold weather . Take care of your fellow man . 
A Perfect Circle is headlining ROTR this year and I probably won't be able to go . FML ! 
this movie theater has reclinig seats and armrests that go up . Sweetness ! 
< PROPMALE > zoo . Check ! Now for some doubledave's pizza . 
on the highway in < PROPMALE > going 80 . Feels like I'm going slow cuz everyone is passing me . 
Have you ever off-roaded in a Nissan Altima ? Cuz now I have ! 
flying home tonight :( 
steeling myself for the return to cold weather and reality . 
work is soooo boring ! 
off work ! Now for some home-made chili ! 
If McDonald's sold hot dogs can you see yourself saying , \Give me a McWiener and super size it . \ " ? " 
I need a new job 
yay ! No work tomorrow ! 
When I said I wanted to get hammered , I didn't mean by another snow storm ! 
there's no place like home , there's no place like home . Damn it ! It's not working ! 
work sucks . Lalala 
I think it would be nice if management would actually tell you when they change the door codes . 
imnotsurebutithinkmyspacebarisnotworking 
