wow it's almost MMX 

who's gonna clean up all that ? 
is not understanding how does one Spend soooo much money in one weekend on nothing ?! SMH ! 
is Walking to work ... temperature is 20 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > ... wind chill factor is 15 !!! 
is just getting back from an awesome trip to Williamsburg !! The all you can eat Lobster & Steak Fest @ $23 was well worth it ! Ends today though :-( ... maybe I will treat some friends today 
Are they really serious ?! If drugs was not involved there will be a LA < PROPMALE > to declare 6-25 a HOLIDAY !! What the Duce ? 
says \Even the greatest of whales is helpless in middle of desert . \ " Don't let your bills and life's little problems way you down . " 
is watching Stargate , for the first time . 
wow did anyone see the MTV movie awards ?!!! 
is in Motivation MODE : Each effort that you make towards a desired task will at the end always pay you interest in the form of achievement ! 
is in Motivation MODE : \Every task you perform has an accumulative effect towards the achievement of your long-term goal . EVERYTHING COUNTS !!! Do something EVERY DAY ... no matter how small . Rising to the top can always be reached by topping yesterday's effort . \"" 
is answer ALL of life questions , from the bible this week . Any takers ? Ask away ! 
is going to bed early ... sorry < PROPFEMALE > .. no late night text support . 
thoroughly enjoyed hangin with Family at Busch Garden yesterday ! 
is just waking up .... yawn ! 
is now being ripped off by the grounds keeper 
is on his way to work after yelling at the over priced Gardner 
is thinking about having a cookout Sat . 
is looking for < PROPFEMALE > ... hoping she is safe in the storm 
is getting dressed for another day at work ... 
Accept that some days you're the pigeon , and some days you're the statue 
goodnight facebook ... 
is watching Push and eating dinner 
is sitting here with a blank look on my face after watching the end of Push ... 
is finally home after a long day of work 
thought for the weekend you do not have to be good to be the best as long as you are better than all the rest !! 
is doing the final checks on the car for his road trip to Northen VA . 
loves weekend excursions ! 
has truly enjoyed being with friends and family in the Mountains last night , long live C'ville! 
is feeling Philosophically 
Those who try to do something and fail are infinitely better than those who try to do nothing and succeed at it . 
says ... is it wrong to only have attractive people on your facebook ? lol 
is wide awake once again , because of Heartburn ! 
is in pain ... stupid tomato sauce ! 
is officially insulted and offended ... 
is excited to go to work today ! 
is eating a cinna-bun ? Not what I remembered from GA Mall , in Queens 
is watching Teen Titans ! 
WOW ... Sharkira & Pink came to the awards in the same dress ... let's just hope it was on purpose ! MTV LIVE ! 
Beyonce is about pop out her outfit ... kind look like stripper moves to me ... not downing her ... but what do you think fb ? 
loving the < PROPMALE > vs PC clip 
This MJ clip was available on his site including the background footage , for 3 weeks before he died ... now we have wait till () ct 28 to see it again , what's up with that ? 
is going to have a freaking awesome day ! I love you friends of FB !! 
wow ... < PROPFIRST > Swayze is dead ? 
is very happy 
More on the FAN BOX VIRUS HOAX ... I've done the research so you don't have too ... Stay tuned ! 
is watch a preview for the teen titans MOVIE !!! 
watching the x-men : origin movie 
the boy puts his information in her communication and together they make population ! 
has found another dumb quote .. programming is like sex : one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life . 
is watching Kick it ol'Skool ... and laughing his tail off !! 
loves shopping online ... The bitterness of poor quality lasts much longer than the sweetness of low price ! 
is eatin stewed chicken , curry goat , and Plantains Mmmm Good ! Yeah Mon ! 
Yeah yeah ... on my way to work in 20 
is back on the seen ... sorry i have been away so long Facebook Family ... DID YOU MISS ME ? 
< PROPFEMALE > ! I'm home ! 
how many of you guys have done any modeling or acting ? 
is almost awake ... trying to fight it ! 
has over slept , now debating if he should even go in this late . 
is wondering why people are so numb to life's atrocities & plights to the point when they no longer care when it becomes there own ? Are you that selfish now ? 
is still awake 
is offering a get out of Ramadan Free Card 
Another AWESOME COUPLE's NIGHT OUT ... Thanks everyone for coming out , it was a BIG success ! Stay Turned for Hightlight Pictures . 
is off to an awesome day at work ... my even let them go home early today ! 
yep still awake 
hi FB sorry I am late but I'm here !! ... well at least for a few lol 
I DID IT AGAIN ! 
is going to the bank with 7 minutes to closing in my 10 minute ride 
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure . 
ok what's up with the freakin \live Feed ? \ " this sucks ! " 
it's the bottom of the ninth ! NY-7 Philly-4 ... 
GAME OVER ! 
YES !!! NY LEADS IT 3 GAMES TO 1 !!!! 
And battlin ' me is hazardous to health , so put a quarter in your ???, cuz ya played yourself .... It's a sabotage , as I take charge . Don't barge , cuz gotdamn , I'm livin ' large like a giant . You're nothin ' but a midget , a small digit . You ain't hit it , forget it , quit it ! 
is on his way to the repair shop ... yay ... do u see my enthusiasm ? 
YANKEES WIN THEIR 27TH CHAMPIONSHIP 
is sad ? Is it better to have a large house or a small house , even if it costs you the same amount of money for the mortgage ? 
doesn't understand why ppl try to impress someone in rush , its not going to be even close to good . 
is home with stage one of FLU . :-( 
I want to thank ( almost ) everyone for there advise on kicking this cold ... yep that right ... it was just a nasty regular COMMON COLD ! Its almost over .... now who wants to make me some SOUP ? 
is having a Rush Hour night with his lady 
What's up facebook fam ... I was down for 3 week with a cold and feeling better today ... dispite the sore throat , runny nost , phlem , coughing , sneezing and watery eyes ! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek on BD with family ... I'll wait for you guys if you want to come over ... to my Facebook Fam 
So , I home SICKER , then before ... had to go out in the freakin rain lastnight , so it's another day not working which sucks ... so I decided to take out the PS3 that has been sitting in the closet for a year ... stay tuned 
So , as I watched < PROPFEMALE > Trek for the 18th time ; in awesome 8.1 Dolby Digital ... I realize that this paradox of events has spawned a new universe of movies not parallel to the 1st . Which means that since the space time continuum has veered off into an alternate reality , does this mean both worlds will continue to coexist ? 
is going BACK to the DR . on Monday or maybe a phone call ... it's been 3 weeks and I am still sick ... this has NEVER happened to me before ... I'm usually the Man of Steel ! 
still awake ... once again I have defeated the dbl shot of Advil PM ... stand by switching to Ambien 
I CAN BREATH ! I CAN BREATH AGAIN ! 
Looking through ol ' pictures ? 
says ... the honesty box is for people who can't spit the truth to your face ... so maybe it should be called the cowardly box ? 
good nite FB Fam ... I am out for the count ... wow is it really 4am ? I have to be @ work in like 5 hours !!! WHY DID YOU GUYS TELL ME IT WAS sooo FREAKIN late !!! 
is laughing at the time when the girls wanted to expand the BBC and < PROPFIRST > Watson was like No ! Your messing up the ratio . lol 
has just realized that I am wearing the same outfit I have on in my profile picture . lol 
is just walking into an empty house after a long day of work . My baby is at work :-( 
SAYS : The profit justifies the means 
it's a DIY Sunday ! If anyone see < PROPMALE > please let me know 
oh wow ... you guys are in trouble ... I just found MAD OL'SKOOL pictures of you !!! Standby for the Scan and Post ... if I can stop laughing 
can't sleeeeep ... ran out of sheep to count . 
watching transformers 2 for the 1 time at home 
is home for errr ... uhmm ... lunch with the wife ;-) 
watching white chicks for the 1st time 
they say 50lbs is the hardest to lose ... so I'm asking my FB fam , to help me lose 49.9 lbs ! lol .... So ... What is your secret ? 
has had a headache all day and is just starting to thaw out from work ! 
BRING ON THE SNOW !!! E's got the 4x4's GASSED , Winched , and Ready to rescue u non drivin Virginians ! how go you drive into a Ditch I don't get it ?! 3 < PROPMALE > per hour people D1 Gear ! 
had an AWESOME DAY AT WORK !!! Still a few left ppl . $365 Laptops Fully Loaded 
Don't wait until the new year to make a change or difference ... start today ! 
is asking my friends ... commercial on TV , Radio , or Billboard ... which do you find yourself seeing ALL the time ? 
is EXCITED THAT \IS\ " FINALLY OVER !!! The worst year of everything 2010 . If it could happen it did YEAR ! Good Riddance ! " 
is DOING ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ! ... and loving every minute of it ! 
6 hours later and I am STILL doing absolutely nothing ... YES ! ALL are invited to join me ... 
I need a CJ 2000 by Pioneer ! < PROPFIRST > Swagga < PROPFIRST > 
Two weeks in a row ... we have found simply AMAZING restaurants !!! Both places we clean , elegant , uniquely Choice ! They even agreed to let us see there kitchens ! wow ! all hail the small business ppl ! 
I can't believe they cancelled Smallville for this ... the money is not even getting to the ones that are truly in need ! 
is tired of Posers ! If you say your going to do something then do it . If you can't afford to then say you can't . 
just getting in from work ... almost time to go back 
April 1 , 2010 is the day ... so how many of you are going to help me with the unvailing ? 
Wow ! < PROPFIRST > L . < PROPMALE > is going to be play Sho ' Nuff in the LAST DRAGON !!! woooow .... I am speechless < PROPFEMALE > McRae Dava < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Superville Vegerano < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Allergies got the best of me today ... never feel alseep at work before ... got nothing done ! Going home !! 12 hours wasted !! 
sorry for the delay , everyone ... I left the hospital Tuesday afternoonish ... appearently I had fluid in my nasal passage which caused a nose bleed from hell and inflamation ... starting to breath again ... still tired though ... thanks for asking about me FB ! love you guys ! 
Happy to be back at work , fixin stuff ! Hackers : We do more after 2am than most people do all day ! 
When life gives you lemons ... 
has realized that going to the mall with a group is not as fun anymore as going with someone special ! 
this whole week i have been AT work @ 7am ... who knew there was this much activity this early in the morning ... u ppl are crazy ! 
POKE me and I'll POKE you back !! 
Sweet my credit score is a 920 !!! if you add put all 3 scores ... lol 
its so sad when u try to do a friend a favor ... they don't appreciate it , nor make any efforts in paying u back in any form ! To all my FB family who has bent over backward and got nothing but a backache this ones for u ! 
finally in bed , by way of continential < PROPMALE > flight #1770 then off to Cali ... good morning east coast FB fam .. 
leaving for sacromento in the am .. ( past tense ) then hanging out with my sister in stockton ... 3 days in union square ... anybody want anything on da way back ? 
Going back to Cali , Cali , Cali ... enjoyin the clubs , foods , and wines of Napa Valley with my All < PROPFEMALE > Wifey .. love you babes 
< PROPMALE > the Ruler has returned ... can i get a La di ? 
is studying & cramming for the wt study DOH ! 
Can someone tell me why WE are still awake ?! 
wow I have accomplished NOTHING today ... not feeling like myself ... tomorrow WILL be a better day ... OR ELSE !!! 
just thought that this sucks ! Its Saturday ! Can't wait until Monday ! 
The countdown has begun ... 
on his way to the Open House . Anybody knows how many oz are in those a coffee glass pot ... commercial ? 
we just watched the pilot episode to 21 Jumpstreet ! 
wants to give a shout out at all who showed up for the open house & parade last night , it was truly a success ! Pictures to follow . \ 
\ 
Special thanks to my cousin and his beautiful wife for there surprise visit ! 
really enjoyed my trip to memory < PROPFIRST > with @rainey tonight ... now I need some bacon and eggs lol 
Ok Family , its time to do it BIG ! Last night was an AMAZING SUCCESS for us ... Now it's time for open Mic Night on Friday ... \ 
Please send me a private message on Facebook if you would like to preform Friday night . \ 
You will \up to\ " 15 minutes of Fame ... that is if you are not booed off Stage LOL !!! All bookings will have to be in no later then Jun 10th " 
is up way to early to be serving coffee . < PROPMALE>'s Internet Cafe & Lounge 
< PROPMALE > you can come to me for advise , says Nyisha . but then again she may be replacing you ... for an oil change 
Time to party .. see you guys in 2 hours or CPT 3 hours ... don't be mad when you have to stand ! 
OK OK ... now since I have to prepare for the END of SMALLVILLE ... moment of Silence ... I have start watching LOST ... me and my GF just finished season 1 . wow ! 
You never know what words you say around here can inspire or destroy a relationship . I have to give a very special thanks to a simple statement made by < PROPFEMALE > Thompson a poet to my wife and I . <3 thanks 
is happy to be moving on to bigger and better things ! SIMPLIFY ! 
is making excuses why he can't get dressed ... ( I need a power up coin or something ) 
is watching season 3 of lost ... despite what < PROPFEMALE > says ... ha ! 
is debating whether to go to work at the computer shop or to go to work at the cafe ... either way is profitable ... 
is giving birth ! 
is on his way back to work ... sigh ! no sleep to night . 
is waiting patiently ... and thinking good thoughts ... trying not to focus on negativity or letting my imagination run . 
is thinking ... FB was fun until ... I accepted ppl I knew and not people that would understand what I was sayin regardless of the content . 
asks : if someone has an issue with swimming because they have almost died each and every time they have been in a pool ... do you think you should keep encouraging them to get back in the water ? I mean its not a bike ! Or do you think god is trying to tell you something ? 
a person's worth is not measured by what they have , but by what they are . You can truly be content with only the basics in life if you are content within your own self . 
We are on our way to the convention YAY ! Leaving in 15min ! 
If the red house is on the left side of the street and the blue house is on right ... WHERE THE HECK IS THE WHITE HOUSE ?! 
Bobbies mother has 4 children , The little girls name is < PROPFEMALE > and the other ones Dime , and the youngest name Nickel ... what's the name of the last child 
How many sides has a circle ? 
What has yellow skin and writes ? 
What weighs 6oz , sits in a tree and is very dangerous ? 
ONE out of 5 though not alive . He that sent me became < PROPMALE > , he that received me died . Who or what am I ? 
Arrived safely in NC ... getting closer to ALT lol ;-) 
On my way to die ... I leave my 1st PC store to @ < PROPFEMALE > & Eliot . And my 2nd store to my wife .. whom is the reason I'm dead anyway ... and lying face up in the Clarion Pool ... 
is on his way home ... Tech Support Closed 
finally 90mins later we r in the house ... and my tiredness has turned into ... OOOoo WE HAVE NEW NETFLIX MOVIES ! 
On my way to work ... YAY ! 
hates it when Technical support has to call Tech support for help ! 
Went on an awesome date last night with my GF ... can't really talk about the details . Its nice to have a PSEx3 . 
HAD A BLAST TO NIGHT !!! Took everyone out for ice cream & shakes ... felt real good to < PROPFEMALE > out after the meeting . 
Jazz night is over ... we are tired as he ..... heck ... now its time to clean up this mess ... once again , standing room only ... will post later on < PROPMALE>'s site . Now I must clean ! 
it was really good to see some BBC faces yesterday ... really miss my home girls ... was at a lost for words ... 
*??* ? twinkle twinkle 
says get home safely ... you have someone at home waiting for you ! 
says that people are a trip ... they think the worst before they know what they ___ they're talkin about ... if you don't know what you are doing on the internet , then get the _____ off ! 
Good Morning FB ... it's another day in corp . < PROPFEMALE > ... what can we take out today ? 
just found out BROTHER < PROPMALE > MARSH died like 2 hours ago . Sending our love to the Marsh Family . ( She is not taking phone call right now ) 
is at the cafe cleaning ... getting ready to go out to TB's for a nice glass of White Z 
its 5am ... i'm still awake 
is pondering on how to stop thinking .... and over thinking ... even if it is just for a moment . 
ebay is paying for my vacation ! 
FOR SALE BY OWNER :\ 
COMPLETE SET OF ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA . 45 VOLUMES . EXCELLENT CONDITION . $ 1,000 . 00 NEGOTIABLE . NO LONGER NEEDED . RECENTLY MARRIED ; WIFE KNOWS EVERYTHING . 
FREE PUPPIES :\ 
1/2 COCKER SPANIEL\ 
1/2 SNEAKY NEIGHBOR'S DOG 
TICKLE ME < PROPMALE > , STILL IN BOX , \ 
COMES WITH ITS OWN 1988 MUSTANG , 5L , AUTO , EXCELLENT CONDITION $6800 
i can't believe there is this much activity this Early in the morning ... as it gets colder all i want to do is stay in bed with the GF 
I can't believe I'm just getting home from Williamsburg ... and have to get up for work in 4 hours ! Can you guys send me a few minutes of sleep , please ? 
asks ... What would do if you had a Million Dollars ... < PROPFEMALE > McRae Eliot < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Domina < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Anayansi Bonnette Kyia Flanagan Nyisha Bolt 
FOR SALE : NICE PARACHUTE :\ 
NEVER OPENED - USED ONCE 
Never go to bed angry , stay awake and plot your revenge . 
WOW ! its getting late ! 
why am i still at work ? this is too fun ! Tell u guys about it in the morning ... if they let me leave awwww lol 
leaving work ... need a foot & back massage 
Woke up madddd early to go shopping ! Like at 7am ... only problem is my wife is still getting dressed !!! - 9:55 a lol 
Met a lady the other day ... and randomly told us that she wrote her second book/novel completely on the toilet ... in ONE DAY ! wow where do these ppl come from ? never going back to lowes at night !!! 
YAAAAAAAWN 
Laying in bed ... trying to fight a cold ... wishing i had a remote to get the remote 
Cant stay warm ... feet freezing . 
Another GREAT DAY ! TWO in a row !!! 
WHAT AN AWESOME WEEK ... TAKIN THE WEEKEND OFF THE CHILL ... COME JOIN US ... OPEN HOUSE ... WE R COOKIN FOR EVERYBODY 
OK why can't steps be soft ? I fell down a flight of icy brick steps ... OOOOOuch ! 
TONIGHT ... I am going to digitize myself and then become one and two with the computer ... i will not steal lotto number for you Domina < PROPFEMALE > I will not download myself and fix your computer Eliot < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and I will not reset your credit scores < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > lol here goes nothing 
BETTER THEN BEFORE AS IF IT WAS POSSIBLE ... !!! 
