nose to the finish line 

will need pain killers to sit through PD tomorrow ... slipped on cellar stairs and landed HARD . Bruised butt , scraped elbows , and cartoon birdies flying circles around my head . 
is taking the train up to < PROPFEMALE > Beacon tomorrow if any one wants to join in on the fun . 
is taking off her lazy pants and going for a run . 
is a nap addict . 
is wondering why she is covered in hives . 
Brooklyn's only Saab mechanic is on vacation for the whole month of August- time for a little DIY auto repair . 
loves kickin it at the beach with awesome ladies . 
NYC folks : I'm looking for a croquet set to borrow . Have one ? 
Bring it on , thunder man . 
thanks for the birthday love . drinks tonight at the lodge . ice cream making tomorrow at my place . let me know if you need directions to either . 
Does anyone know a nyc area epidemiologist ? 
Goodbye summer . I had a great time- you treated me so well . I will keep you in my heart and will do my best to remember your languid ways until June . Sigh ... 
loves cannellini beans . 
Rainy day sleep marathon repeatedly interrupted by screaming ( playing ? ) children outside . I wish it would rain harder . 
Th ' saucy wench < PROPFEMALE > be usin ' Ye olde Facebook with the tongue o ' English ( Pirate ) . ( And loving it . ) 
thinks someone has a JD voodoo doll . First laryngitis , then conjunctivitis , now neck pain that keeps me from rotating my head more than 30 degrees . 
Fever broke ! Happy to return to the land of the clear-minded and productive . 
dreams of escaping to a cozy Vermont cabin . 
wishes outside momma cat would go into the cozy winter condo I made instead of crying at my window . She's breaking my heart while < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > are lying around in the warmth of the apartment looking smug . 
missed nearly a whole month of Kurosawa at Film Forum . Damn . I need to poke my head out of the teaching bubble more often . 
Sick again on narrative-writing weekend . I'm starting to think it's psychological . 
Cooking < PROPFEMALE > baked beans with a smoked ham hock . Might have to leave the house because the smell is so amazing that I'll end up snacking continuously for the 3 more hours it takes to cook . 
Long Island slumber par-tay ! 
SNOW DAY !!!! 
Oh , Purim . The young Hassidic men dressed in drag ( as Hassidic ladies with proper dresses , gold earrings , and head wraps ) almost makes me forget the RV blaring bad music . Almost . 
Note to self : don't read all the good lab reports first . Screw these crappy lab reports- I'm going for a run . 
Pop Tarts and Delirium Tremens for dinner 
Mint julep , smoked oysters , and saltines . 
feels like yuck . 
Hey Chicago folks- One of my favorite students , Tuvshinbold < PROPMALE > , has decided to start a new life in your fine city . Please treat him well and send any odd jobs his way ( he is a master of odd jobs and would make an amazingly attentive and trustworthy photo assistant ) . I'm putting his health and happiness in your hands ! 
has spring fever . Not the rutting type , but the ride a bicycle all night long type . 
is impressed by the beauty of this day . 
Second year : done . 
Bad , bad < PROPFEMALE > to the asshole who stole my bike seat . 
Anyone in the NYC area have a tube tv they don't want anymore ? It needs to work well enough to get a picture ( either through vhs/dvd or broadcast ) . I can pick it up , and it'll be used to teach the youth of today about electrons . Looking for a donation from friendly folks before turing to flaky craigslist . 
without voice 
who wants to go for a hike tomorrow ? 
Widmer beer at my corner bodega . Nice . 
Just made an amazing egg and cheese sandwich thanks to years of mentoring from Karrin Ellertson . Thank you Karrin . 
NYC teachers : tomorrow's the day to wear red . That is unless you like Ms. Black . If that's the case , we need to talk . 
The 808 kickdrum , makes the girlies get numb . \ 
We're rollin ' Rainier and the jealous wanna get some . 
Dear nyc , the fact that someone decided that a second yellow line needed to be painted down my street on a fridged Friday night sort of warms my heart . Your absurdity is amusing . 
loves the scent of snow . 
lonnnng day at the edukation farm . 
brussels sprouts ! 
the kids left my heart all warm and fuzzy . Starting break off on the right foot . 
someone in my hood is blasting < PROPMALE > and the chipmunks christmas songs . 
goin a bit stir crazy . who wants to go bar hoppin ? 
Noooooooooooooo ! I don't wanna go to school ! Nooooooooooo ! 
No longer a passport virgin . 
Begin three years to < PROPFIRST > plan . 
RIP momma cat . You were a tough cookie , but your heart of gold made up for your rough exterior . I'll miss you . 
Adios 20 degree high temperatures . On my way to the Yucatan peninsula ! 
Portland style piss rain . 
One root canal . One student in crisis . One parent in crisis . Zero grading done . F-it . I'm calling it a night . 
Wow Egypt , you rock . 
Had a good night with Sun Foot . Thanks pdx fellas . 
A first in what will become an annual tradition : ICE students in the NYC Science and Engineering Fair tomorrow . Go ICE ! 
I really , really , really , really , really , really , really don't want to grade papers . But I will . 
Glass of wine in the bathtub . Thursday therapy . 
Here's hoping for a relatively quiet Purim . 
My cat is obsessed with q-tips . He digs them out of the bathroom garbage , plays with them a bit , then leaves them piled on my bed . I find my new evening ritual of removing q-tips from my bed to be a bit strange . 
The student that I mentored for the NYCSEF made it into the Intel science fair ! Props to her amazing neuroscience teacher < PROPFEMALE > Dubno who pushed her to create such an awesome project . Los < PROPFEMALE > , here we come ! 
