Psssh , who knew being in a social network could be fun , apparantly it is . But it is a bit confusing at first ! 

Maaaan I can't wait to get rid of this wretched freshman title next year , any other freshmans anxious about that too ? Plus summer is nearly here so that's a nice thing too ! 
Mhm , it's funny how you start something you don't think you'll be good at and eventualy you prove yourself wrong ! I never thought I would learn to play guitar yet I did : P 
Wow that season finale of House was AWESOME ! Anyone else watch it ?! 
I can't wait till next year , being a Sopmore , another year of track , and you get to make fun of Freshman ! 
Ugh just 2 more weeks of this horrible endless nightmare we call \education \"!" 
Ugh I need new songs to learn , < PROPMALE > , gimme some new songs ! 
Yay for the 3 day weekend but boo for next Saturday's Saturday school ! :( 
All people from track wear your C.A.L League shirts tomorrow to show everyone which sport is boss ! 
For the Boston lovers ! LA is going to win the next 2 games at their home , and you can take that to the bank ! 
Death at a funeral was so funny ! 
DUDE ... BEST 6 PERIOD PE EVER ! I got to see a car crash right in front of me and watch it catch on fire and BLOW UP ! Ash started falling from the sky and we just watched all PE period ! 
???? ? ????? ????? ? ???? ????? 
??? ? ???? 
????????????????? 
Wise time management is such a great skill to have ! 
Giants are gonna win the series , anyone rooting for Texas will blow up ! 
Mmm I realized I share b-days with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , osama bin Ladin , < PROPFEMALE > underwood and < PROPFEMALE > wilde ( 13 from house ) , coolio 
So this guys crashes his car into a pole . So i asked why , and he said he wanted to see how his Mercedes-Benz ! 
??? ? ????? ? ????? ??? 
So dyllan k and I were crossing the street and this old woman that looks like she could die at any second decides to floor it into the crosswalk when the crossing sign was on , than swears us out ! Fun ! 
???????? ????????? \ 
???? ??? ??? Finally figured out how to say it ! :) 
Stupid research paper ... 
Finally ! Stupid research paper is done , i learned a lot more than i wanted too about Nikola Tesla ... 
Wow the lunar eclipse is really cool ! The red is just now starting to fade away it looks like a fingernail on the < PROPFEMALE > right now 
Food network is awesome , I am so making waffle dogs for breakfast tomorrow !! 
Can't wait till track conditioning , I'll finally be doing something more than twice a week ! 
Those stairs were hardcore mate , I hate Indian runs now ! 
Yes woo hoo tomorrows Friday !! 
Chilin , learning new songs on my guitar , any suggestions ? 
Yay I soldered the wire back on my guitar but I think my amp is screwed up fml 
Haha raced a lady to merge into an intersection , pff I won in an suv , stupid corrolas ! 
The union < PROPFIRST > is a rockin iPhone case 
Steelers all the way baby ! 
That was a really good game , wish the steelers won ... Watching the black eyed peas at half time was like listening to someone skinning a cat , worst half time ever . 
I hate Mosquitos , and that's a fact ! 
Lifes good when you're haveing fun ! 
Some people are so stupid it hurts ... 
Proved I can run up and across a wall at track today , I feel accomplished , thank you parcore 
Today was great , went to see The < PROPMALE>'s Speech at the movies and drove a lot with a stick , was fun 
Ok Reno was cool plus Jax at the Trax is the best diner ever !!!!!! Truckee was awesome cause of that diner !!!!!! 
If google and YouTube don't solve your problems , than my friend , you're screwed ! 
Oh man < PROPMALE > hill was awesome , the snowblower hadn't cleared the road today so we had to squeeze inbetween little cars with our huge truck on a one < PROPFIRST > road ... Was epic 
Wow Ms Borris thanks for making the one assignment I didn't do 75 points 
Ahhh nothing like grandma's old 10 pound blanket to keep me warm at night ! 
OH MY GOODNESS why did wanger think it was a good idea to give us 11 binomial expansion problems ?????? 
Haha yay I threw 30 feet 6 inches in shot put and got 3rd place in triple jump 
Ok so the Fender Frontman 10g amp is incredibely loud oh wow my volume wakes up ppl over volume 1!!' 
Ahh thanks History Channel for all the facts about potatoes I don't really care to know about !!! 
Can't wait to throw shot put tomorrow , gotta perfect my full throw ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone who told me or found out via Facebook haha :) 
Dang I feel bad for the Japanese people with all those natural disasters and nuclear power plant melt downs ... 
Got around 30 feet for triple jump , I think they said 16 feet for long jump , 85 feet for discus and 30 feet 5 inches in shot put .. That was a long day 
Oh man I am so lovin this iPad , I don't care about what people say about em , they are awesome !!!!! 
Chillin playin guitar , not much to do 
It's been such a long week , it's good to know there are only 49 school days left !!! 
Oh yeah just noticed I haven't even started the Bressler project ... Tomorrow should be fun ! 
It's finally shorts season woo hoo 
Yay bronco invitational !!!! 13 hour meets are awesome ... 
