LAKERS !!! WOOOH . SUCK IT MAGIC ! 

chillin wit t-bone 
is chillin with dinosaurs 
scared of da fucking creatures 
has anyone ever fell off of a skyscraper and survived ? 
\it's not a purse it's a satchel . \"" 
just watched the international 
\paging dr. douchebag ! \"" 
Am i the only 1 who thinks transformers 2 is gonna suck ? ( besides < PROPFEMALE > Fox of course ! ) 
for all the shit you got , you were still an awesome dude . Sorry to see you go < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :( 
Transformers : revenge of the fallen , was the most exhausting film I've ever seen . Trust me that's not a good thing . 
The website has been getting a lot of hits lately ! 
just saw public enemies 
< PROPMALE > s . thompson was a < PROPMALE > beast 
Up was amazing ! 
hurt locker rocked 
< PROPMALE > ... 
28th is the date i be leaving 
is actually , now moving the 31st this week . if u wanna chill tell me now 
Thanks for being the best friends I've ever had in my life . I love all you people . And I'll miss the hell out of each and everyone of you ! We all had a good run , I'll miss you guys 
Did u see how strong he was ? his arms looked like legs ! 
likin Louisiana so far ! 
Jese .... 
The football coach liked me ? Say hello to tackle football < PROPFIRST > Dupuy 
school tomorrow 
Tackle football is hard in Louisiana weather . Shit it's so humid . But hey , it's fun as hell . 
there's way too much going on ... 
first football game tomorrow ! 
feels horrible . 
tired of being sick 
it was one long damn day 
what an epic fucking night ! 
homecoming ;) 
tired , really tired 
im so damn bored 
pulled a muscle in my neck , and can't turn my head haha 
Paranormal Activity ( I don't care what anyone else says ) was fucking scary ! 
psyched for tomorrow daddy-o 
Football , IHOP , Friends , 13th Gate , Partying , Cannibal Holocaust , sleepover , motorcycles ... It was a good weekend . 
everyone who reads this status needs to press like 
kinda not digging it :( 
kinda not digging it 
feels like crap 
if New < PROPFEMALE > beats the Dark Knight in ticket sales I think I will lose all faith in filmmaking ... 
had a surprisingly good weekend 
It sucks when things are good , but you still feel upset about something . Even though you don't know what it is you're upset about ; life's a bitch ... 
really bored 
not the best day 
a good day :) 
oh man 
its amazing what music can do 
hahahahaha 
all those in favor of bringing back disco , please like this status ! 
had the adventure of my life with < PROPMALE > and storm 
Avatar was fucking horrible ... nuff ' said . 
i just got a new phone so everybody give me there < PROPFIRST > 
come on Saints ! 
it's amazing to me how such an awesome night can go so bad so fast 
things are gonna be better . that's my resolution . this year is gonna be the best year I've had and will have for a while . Happy new years everybody :) 
home alone nothing to do 
kinda psyched to see daybreakers 
daybreakers sucked 
fuck work 
You know what was the only thing scarier than < PROPMALE > Tucci's character in the Lovely Bones ? His hair 
do we have spanish homework ? 
sweet ... 
fuck dude haha 
I had a good night ahha 
THAT JUST HAPPENED ... BOOM !!! 
< PROPMALE > 
what an awesome day :) 
I'm so damn happy haha 
I feel like crap . 
why am i always sick when good stuff's just about to happen ? 
had a really good time tonight at the parade 
well than 
I can't compete with that haha ! 
You know I've been thinking a lot lately that while life can be a bitch , and you usually don't get what you want , every once-in-a-while something nice or unexpected happens , and it's times like that that I live for . I guess what I'm saying is take what you can get when you get it , put up with all the bullshit , and wait for what you deserve . Cause eventually stuff gets better . 
why do i have to be sick again ? 
Feels pretty good for the most part :/ 
pull ya'self together < PROPMALE > ! 
feeling good 
Bender tonight 
community service for seven hours ! Now , I will make it my goal to somehow have fun for the rest of this day ! 
the crazies ! 
not feeling good 
you diabolical < PROPMALE > shrinking mutha fucker ! 
i think that certain times call for certain measures , and right now is calling for me to be a douche bag . And i think i might oblige 
heat of the moment 
my phone service got shut off 
the hurt locker baby ! 
this sucks 
for fucks sake 
my skin hurts 
i can't say it now , but when i do ? It's gonna be fucking momentous 
i think my cabin fever's starting to go away 
cannibal holocaust music 
On Facebook people are willing to click a little button titled \become a fan\ " of something that no person in reality can honestly be a fan of . " 
hot tub time machine 
what o what should i make my profile picture ??? 
R . I . P At the Movie , you will be missed 
spring break ... come on ! 
taking pictures hopefully one will be my new profile picture 
i've never wanted to go surfing more in my life 
cheap champagne 
well what are you gonna do about it 
what to do , what to do ? 
so good right now 
florida ! 
the surf was kind of a letdown , but it's supposed to pick up later . I got a few good waves though 
home ! 
< PROPFIRST > grosch ... I think i love u .... 
good . u know like in a good way 
my back hurts haha 
finally done with homework 
i hate this take home text ! 
it's legit 
sittin ' at a bar 
just found out Bond 23 is postponed indefinitely until MGM gets their shit together . I am beyond pissed off 
not that good a day 
fuck it 
so this is my wednesday night ... 
actually , doing nothing :( 
i can only wonder what would happen if you knew 
why are you screaming ? I haven't even got your license yet . 
anybody know what the spanish homework was 
there's always that one person that knows how to make you feel better 
a < PROPMALE > day . But football made up for it 
check out chilingolingomoviereviews.com 
' , :) 
not too good 
football was fun :) 
hahahaha fuck it 
well i know who I'm in love with :) 
The smell of you in ever single dream I dream , \ 
- hey soul sister 
i feel good 
nemo ; the creature that lives inside my phone ... 
so bored :( 
stress ... 
what is on my mind ? 
what a day :/ 
i now know what I need to do ... :) 
the way i see it , it's either gonna be me or you . i figure it might as well be you . 
kokomo 
just had one of the most surreal experiences of my life 
frightened :) 
Schools just ending and for some reason I'm not as happy as I should be :/ 
School ACTUALLY is over now , and now I feel much happier :) 
sweeeeet ... 
fucking hate the pricks at ubisoft montreal 
i think I'm in love .... and so is she . I shall one day meet her :) 
awesome :) facebook just made my day 
excited for today :) 
what a day : Canou trip with the guys , one week till california ! 
my nights haven't felt normal anymore :/ 
6 days :) 
good night :) 
Three more days cannot wait ! 
< PROPFIRST > hopper you will be missed 
Finally home :) 
long day , but a good one also :) 
You can bring me up , you can bring me down . You can make me smile , you can make me frown . You can brighten my day , or you can make it rain . So the only question remains : are you going to make my day ? 
Seeing get him to the greek tonight with steffen and < PROPFIRST > 
had a fun day today ! :) 
gonna be a good night :) 
should be a fun night 
Had a great time with all of my awesome friends in California :) I will miss every single one of you guys , your all the best ! 
i'm so mad all of a sudden haha 
liked the A-Team 
i wonder how today will turn out ... 
Bored 
cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of homicide ... 
everyone needs to join the glades fan club ! 
what to do ? 
football ! 
LAKERS !!!! PAY ME MY MONEY ! 
I own 21 kookoo roos . None of you own a single kookoo roo . I'm gon ' be alright ; people love chicken . 
Congradulations uncle < PROPFIRST > ! 
no one makes an animated movie like Pixar ; Toy Story 3 just goes to prove it yet again . 
has a really bad feeling in his stomach and has a good feeling as to why 
frustration 
we got more bounce in california :) 
lightning strike , inside my chest to keep me up at night , \ 
dream of ways , to make you understand my pain , \ 
clouds of sulfur in the air , bombs are falling everywhere , it's heartbreak warfare . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Mayer's the shit aha 
well i have nothing to do till 7:10 ... sweet 
tired beyond belief . I'm just begotten i guess ... :) 
MRI tomorrow finally 
MRI :/ 
just had a giant needle shoved into my shoulder between the joints ... it hurt ! 
I have to get surgery ... fuuuuuuucccccckkkkk 
thats really cool ... 
I guess I understand than ... 
can't stop thinking about what i just experienced . 
interesting 4th of july ! haha 
fruit of the loom ... I think you know who you are ? haha 
just got back from blue bayou 
blood work 
id rather be bow hunting 
party tonight 
surgery tomorrow ! and I am not looking forward to it haha 
The Glades . 
Surgery :/ 
Could be worse haha 
feels like shit 
not sick anymore but my arm is killing me 
in so much pain :/ 
ooooowwwww ! 
i swear thing just keep getting harder everyday 
you find out something new everyday 
going to see inception ! 
Interception = BEST FOOTBALL MOVIE EVER !!!!! 
like this status and absolutely nothing will happen 
like this and ill tell you that stuff everyone else has been telling you 
that one didn't feel too good :/ 
Happy birthday dad ! :) 
borrreedd 
my shoulder is KILLING me ! 
love that western song from kick-ass :) 
well that's not cool haha 
liked inception even more the second time 
finally getting the staples out of my arm ; thank god haha 
feel great ! :) 
Things are great :) 
So bored 
just ate Chipotle ! 
Physical therapy tomorrow , yet I still feel really happy :) 
just kidding , physical therapy got rescheduled , going to the zoo now ! 
had a good time today :) 
physical therapy in a little bit :) 
what to do , what to do ?. I could sleep I guess haha 
you had me at whatever it was you first said to me 
:))) 
am having the best meal ive had in quite some time haha 
still in a damn fine mood :) 
Surprisingly good day so far :) 
my head's killing me and I'm really fucking confused right now 
This isn't looking like too good a day :/ 
I need a pig to make some bank at ! 
when life gives you lemons , say fuck the lemons and bail 
I'm a peacock , you gotta let me fly ! 
Pure misery . 
tired , drained and so upset 
much better :) 
why is the fight scene in the hallway in Inception so cool ? 
Good first day of school 
exhausted , good day tho 
shoulder's killing me 
tired . tired in every single way . 
Really good day :) 
Feels exhausted . And has physical therapy for the next hour and a half 
Really not looking forward to school today 
Better day than expected 
roll it Dj Chocolate Thunder 
:( 
Feels like everything I do is a mistake 
why did i do this :( 
Tired and confused 
Sicks . Can barely get outta bed right now . Wish I was at the game tonight ! Go Hawks ! 
Ungrounded and going to see machete :D 
like it for a remember when 
just doesn't matter haha 
Seeing the town 
Had a good night :) 
At the movies 
< PROPMALE > in 2 hours :) 
just watched < PROPMALE > . highly enjoyable i gotta say 
< PROPMALE > said , \having an okay day . Just bought a Coke Zero from the gas station ... raise the roof . \"" 
stressing out bad , gonna try to sleep . 
happy birthday mom ! 
i'm CEO bitch 
very tired . But , probly going to the fair later ! 
so tired and i have so much homework . But still , I'm in a pretty damn good mood :) 
Don't you ... forget about me 
It's party time . It's the shank of the evening . My friend < PROPMALE > and I are having cocktails in 10 minutes at my island cottage . 
the shit i see on facebook . 
wow , it's amazing how fast people can grow up haha 
fuckin facebook haha 
Older Woman - \That was stupid of you to drink so much . Rule of thumb is have one one drink per hour . It's all your body can handle . \ " \ 
I'm sitting here on my computer trying to come up with something funny , or quippy or interesting to put as a status , but literally nothing is coming to mind . So , in retaliation for my unknowing , I have decided to instead post a status chronicling how I couldn't come up with a better status ... so it's really come to this , has it Facebook ? 
i hate where my mind can take me sometimes 
the walking dead was unbelievably awesome , to say the least 
What do you say we go to a commercial break ? Brought to you by more liquor 
So tired today . Going to basketball now ! 
almost done 
Done ! 
This is me hoping it's gonna be a good week ! 
it's gonna be a really long day 
Only at piazzos 
After the fires before the flood , my sweet baby I need fresh blood . \ 
-New Favorite song 
finally getting to just chill 
im awake still 
But for now let me say , \ 
Without hope or agenda , \ 
Just because it's Christmas- \ 
( and at Christmas you tell the truth ) \ 
To me , you are perfect\ 
and my wasted heart will love you\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas\ 
:) 
alright , cool :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is my favorite person in the world ! i wish i could rise to her level , but i mean it takes pure talent to be as insanely awesome as she is . (: 
Your one of the strongest people I've ever met , and I know everyone loves you so much , I love you uncle < PROPFIRST > 
Either Fox News pays me some goddamn pain and suffering wages for getting my hopes up like that , or I'm just gonna skip school tomorrow 
Board Meeting at FOX 15 minutes ago :\ 
Studio Exec : I got this great idea ; let's tell all the St. Tammany Parish residents that the schools are all closed . We get their hopes up . Than at the last second , we throw a curveball and say sorry we messed up schools are still open in St. Tammany Parish\ 
FOX Studio Head : I think your a fucking genius , Robinson . Let's singlehandedly crush every teenagers dreams in one fell swoop 
all i want is to hear your voice and know your still there 
I really love this fucking school . 
weekend with < PROPFEMALE > Publes will be amazing 
wolf pack is back 
father < PROPFIRST > as < PROPFIRST > beiber 
republicans all the way ! 
like this if you think < PROPMALE > is a homo-saurus < PROPMALE > 
im legitimately shocked 
Parade across the lake 
Tonight ? Good question 
just rescued my bulldog from a swamp ... awesome haha 
here i go again on my own 
come on < PROPFEMALE > 
My Saturday is about to fucking suck bad 
< PROPMALE > - y'all dip and smoke ? Christ ... \ 
Two annoying girls- nah . \ 
< PROPMALE > -where are y'all from again ? \ 
Two annoying girls : franklington\ 
< PROPMALE > - yah ... That sounds about right 
you're right , you've won ... i'm done . 
You're related to me ...? fuck ...! 
you're a loser with krogers 
ready for change , tomorrow's a new start 
