Today is the first day of 2010 . Maybe my animal sacrifices will be honored by the gods and make this year the awesomest of all ( at least until next year ) . May the same luck be bestowed upon all of you . 

Back in Boca and Back ON My GRIND ! 
I finally have my new computer ! Complete with a webcam and a 15.4 inch widescreen ! Yay for UPS and Newegg ! 
If you have a Skype account , I would love to be able to contact you at some point , my friends and family ! BTW , who knew you could get a cardboard cut opening the boxes your computer came in ? I just found out this afternoon and the cut hurts like a bitch 
Dunkin Donuts is opening on campus on August 3rd . Finally ! Coffee and breakfast treats for us poor people ! 
I am going to a family reunion where I am going to meet people I've never met before . Hopefully they showered before arriving ... 
I is listening to < PROPMALE > Withers ... Ya'll young wippersnappers don't know nothin ' ' bout dis here ! Use dat google to gain da knowledge ! And now you know .... and knowin's half da battle ... GI < PROPFIRST > ! 
I'm finally done with summer semester ! Time for sleep ! 
I finally got my new phone ! EnV 2 ! YAY ! If your number's changed since the end of April , I'll need it . Email me , don't write it on my wall . I rarely check that thing anyway . 
I caught a second cold in as many months .... WHAT THE HELL , MAN ?! 
going to one of my favorite places on the planet tomorrow ... WAL-MART ! 
Guess who's an RA ? 
No CROP for the next year since I'm an RA ... That doesn't mean I won't be haunting the office , though ! 
Damn satellite ! Ruined my Leverage tonight ! 
I have to move into my dorm in three days .... gonna run like a chicken with my head cut off until i'm done with the month ... Sleep .... such a wonderful luxury that I'll miss ... 
Almost done with floor and door decs ... and not nearly done at all ... 
On duty in an hour and 45 minutes .... Why did I choose weekend duties for training ? 
< PROPFEMALE > has TWO term papers due on the same day ..... I think the professors conspire to make students heads explode .... their heads just go kablooey ,,,, 
i'm is tired .... sleepy time ! 
I feel accomplished .... Managed to get my entire < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > discography burned in an hour and a half . 
FOOTBALL IS BACK !!! WHO ELSE IS EXCITED ?! 
just saw the kanye-taylor swift vid . dude is a < PROPMALE > of epic proportions . 
I bought a camera and a new mp3 player yesterday . i can't wait for Monday ! YAY NEWEGG ! 
Apparently , facebook hates my computer ... or firefox ... either way , it enjoys not loading when i click every 15th link ... insanely annoying ... that is all . 
looks like the state of florida is having a bad weekend ... 
I got my stuffs ! Yay ! New toys for me ! 
saw zombieland last night ... fuckin ' awesome . Miss SMerkal rocks hardcore ! 
Math Test in two days ... not excited at all ... but i got an 86 on my first test ! 
I guess i'ma go against the grain and say screw the dolphins and the horses they rode in on ... 
does anyone else find emails from the financial aid office confusing and slightly frightening ? 
I got a 93 on my math exam .... well on my way to my first A in math since 5th Grade ... I AM WHAT YOU CAN CALL AWESOME !!! 
washing my hair is a chore i can really do without ... should i cut my hair off and make my life easier ? 
Looking at my Facebook homepage , I have come to the realization that I have too many Gator friends .... If anyone knows anybody that doesn't attend Florida , have them holla at me ... 
Why do so many people like to < PROPMALE > their heads in < PROPFIRST > Favre's lap ? Especially ESPN . 
Nappy time for me ! BTW , why is it called a nap ? Why don't we just say we're going to sleep ? 
If I decide to take a class before 10:30 AM next semester , someone do me a favor and smack the taste outta my mouth , please ! 
anybody got a delorian and flux capacitor I can borrow ? 
Don't you just wanna hit somebody in the chest sometimes for no apparent reason ? 
Don't you hate those \back in an hour\ " signs ? Especially when they don't put up when they left ? " 
I really want to go to sleep , but I want to play FFVII and watch SYTYCD . What to do ? What to do ? 
Freaker's Ball tonight ! GET CRUNK !!!! 
food then concert ... twill be a good night . 
saw pitbull and fabolous in concert last night ( friday ) . going to Halloween Horror Nights at 3 . Pics and vids to come . 
HHN was hella fun and pics will be posted at some point this week ... if I remember to do it ... somebody remind me . 
< PROPFEMALE > has no bleedin ' immune system ... If you let me borrow yours , I'll give you a dollar ! 
well .... turns out I have a sinus infection ... a bacterial sinus infection ... HOW THE HELL DID I GET A BACTERIAL SINUS INFECTION ?! 
I got food and medicines ... i iz happy for my recovery !... hopefully it won't take till wednesday to get better completely ... 
just realized that I enjoy using ellipses ... a lot . 
I love how my residents want their floor to look like crap ... 
Who doesn't love KSK ? It's like .... awesomeness in blog form . 
I think this is the first birthday I'm dreading ... FML .... 
I would really like to go to sleep now ... but I have an exam today ... and a paper due tomorrow ... a paper that I have no motivation to work on ... Where's a time turner when you need one ? 
This is a fine time for me to lose all motivation to do my work ... fml ... 
the gods of technology dislike me right now ... they've disliked me all afternoon ... I give up ... 
you gotta cop that No Ceilings Mixtape . It goes HARD ! 
I was dead asleep half an hour ago ... then some jackasses decide banging on my door and running would be a good idea ... Here's a suggestion : If you want some thrills , go play with an alligator or some such large reptile that can easily rip you apart or go ride a goddamn roller coaster ... and I was having a nice dream starring Christian Kane ... grumbles ... 
These past two weeks have been the most craptacular weeks in the history of my short life ... and my birthday next week ... oh joy . note the sarcasm . 
going home till midnight ... until later .... 
Working on a paper , but its like pulling my own teeth out with pliers ... and no anasthesia ... In other news , three more days till i'm completely legal . 
is it just me , or does < PROPFIRST > pattinson look like he might be suffering from a wasting disease ? or some kind of physical malfunction ? the boy just looks weird to me . 
i'm disgusted right now . Just saw a couple eating each other's faces in the elevator ... ewwwww ! 
Got half my hair cut off today . Now rockin ' a < PROPMALE > with bangs . I think it looks alright . I'll put pics up for those of you that can't wait until I get back in town on Sunday night . 
made it to clearwater safely . Now to get some homework done . 
I am 21 today . GET CRUNK !!! 
Back in town ... 21 years old now ... my grandma has more issues than the law allow ... back to the grind ... 
Who wants to try to lie to me and tell me Skynyrd isn't awesome ? 
I have \Simple Man\ " as my alarm to wake me up ... who has the greatest alarm ever ? THIS CHICK ! " 
kinda bored right now .... don't wanna watch < PROPMALE > potter and don't feel like playing video games ... maybe I'll watch public enemies ... GO HDMT . NET ! 
facebook is beginning to piss me off ... won't post my comments . 
What the fuck ? TWO fire alarms in less than ten minutes ? .... the hell ? Are you serious , fate ? What did I do to deserve this ? 
Baby shower then Ninja Assassin ... YAY HOT MULTI-TALENTED ASIAN GUY ! ... no not you , < PROPFIRST > ... I'm not trying to have a small , angry < PROPFEMALE > trying to kill me as I sleep ... 
Ninja Assassin was great .... the asian guy was a < PROPMALE > hotter than I had anticipated ... even when he was all cut up and dirty and bloody .... yeah . 
the FAU internet service sucks balls .... the balls of an arthritic donkey ... 
Body's feeling kinda weird ... goin ' to sleep . Sleep well , everybody ! ... and don't let those little pink elephants come and attack you ... them things is poisonous ! 
Two hours until I'm free ! 
I IS FREEE !!!!!! ... kinda .... two more finals .... THEN I IS TRULY FREEEE !!!!! 
Who else has the urge to Yes ? 
I got my first gray hair ! At least it's because of genetics and not stress . If that were the case , my hair would be white by now . 
I'm sleepy . But I'm on duty . I wanna large iced mocha latte from the dunkin donuts in the library . Anybody willing to get it for me ? I'm willing to reimburse if necessary . 
Make Your Own Security System @ 5 in the HPT Lobby . Any injuries resulting in use of your security systems is not my responsibility ! You just need to know how to use it and get away with it . 
I didn't get up until 5:15 this afternoon ... I feel so accomplished . 
I have a taste for some Jumbos ... I just need the money to go . 
Sleepytime sounds like a good idea right now .... 
why won't my cafe's buzz rating go beyond 6.0 ? It used to regularly reach past 36 ! 
Why is it that some people ( read : Non-Black ) don't consider Black a culture and African American one , even though they are the same thing ? Curiouser and curiouser .... 
Oh , January 13th ..... you cannot come soon enough .... 
Apparently , my peers think I'm the most likely to catch Osama Bin Laden .... What do you think ? 
i slept for a crapload of hours today .... I slept so long that I got up and was still tired .... ' twas a good day , indeed . 
Anybody having any trouble thinking about what to get me for christmas ? I'll give you a hint ... its $199 and begins and ends with the letter \X . \ " Don't worry about controllers . I have four of ' em at home . " 
I hate when my internal organs attempt to rip themselves from inside me and do a little jig before my eyes .... 
I wish I had a heating pad right about now .... or some tylenol pm ... 
wouldn't it be awesome if burger < PROPMALE > delivered ? 
YOOOO ! Miramar is ranked 58 in the Rivals100 rankings ! Go Pats ! 
Poor < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . May he find the peace in death he couldn't in life . 
I really wish history channel would quit with all these random reality shows ... MOST OF THAT ISH AIN'T EVEN RELATED TO HISTORY ! 
Anybody wanna bring me a large number one , no onions , and hi-c fruit punch from the burger < PROPMALE > ? I'll reimburse ! 
Deland is getting their behinds handed to them on a silver platter .... THAT'S WHAT I LIKE TO SEE ! DOMINANCE BEING SHOWN ! 
MIRAMAR PATRIOTS !!!!! CLASS 6A CHAMPEEN !!!! CHEA !!!!! 
.... the Saints have disappointed me .... but Miramar and Indianapolis won , so I guess all is not lost . 
Who else can't wait until May 2010 ? 
< PROPFIRST > Collins and Mommy already sniping at each other and it ain't even midnight yet .... Glad to be home for Christmas ... 
Senella < PROPFEMALE > Mackey and Dwizzle Chizzle don't know how I'm constantly on facebook and still doing homework . They obviously don't know the power of supermultitasking ! 
Yo , what the fcuk is the deal with all these dudes messing around with little kids ? Pleasure P , < PROPFIRST > Sparks , and some kid in Miami .... People , do everybody a favor : QUIT MESSIN ' WIT ' DA CHILLUNS ! 
I hope Urban Meyer learns to cope with stress better because he needs to get back to coaching Florida . That school is the only hope this state has to be at an elite level for college football . 
Why does netzero believe people will be willing to use dial-up for $10 , when we can have what we want instantly for a little bit more money ? 
The Colts and Saints have ruined my hopes for the ' 72 Dolphins to shoot themselves in their faces since they didn't hold the undefeated title . If the Saints and Colts all get simoultaneously nutpunched between now and next season , I would not mind at all . 
What is your favorite line from < PROPFIRST > Hood : Men In Tights ? 
Happy new year to all !!!!! 
I know now why I didn't want to see \For Colored Girls . \"" 
Shopping in Walmart at 2 in the morning is a great deal less stressful than shopping there at 2 in the afternoon . I think I've found a happier Walmart time . 
I think I'm either insane or someone's hacked into my Facebook account . I found a comment that I didn't write on someone's profile . Nothing bad , but very suspect ..... 
phone currently not working . can't recieve or send calls and texts . just knock on my door if you need me . 
correction : I can recieve calls , I just can't make them . The text thing is still the same though . :( 
Colonel H . Stinkmeaner .... awesome character , but it sucks that you probably know someone like him ... 
Phone is now working . text and call to your heart's content ! 
my watch band is broken and my other watch needs a new battery ... WAHHHH !!!!! :( 
Why is it that when I'm at school , my television stays on History Channel or CNN ? 
I finally figured out how to get my sticky arrow keys to not be sticky anymore . Note to self : Don't eat fruit cups while watching Lie to Me online . Your keyboard will thank you later . 
Studying < PROPMALE > . Hopefully I'll actually fully pass a language class AND understand what I just learned for more than a week . 
omg !! do this !!!!!! THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status if it works . 
this is easily the most f**ked up day i've had this year .... this is going to be a nice year ( note the sarcasm ) . 
< PROPFIRST > Robertson done lost his damn mind .... senile old fool ! 
Reading my life away for the next three days .... AH ! THE LIFE OF A HISTORY < PROPMALE > ! 
The top and side of my television screen is broadcasting in purple ... I don't know how to change the color scheme or fix it . In other news , my cousins < PROPFIRST > Collins and Niles Collins are super awesome ! Thanks for helping vault a few collections guys ! 
< PROPMALE > Bomer ... He's hot ... I watch White Collar because he's so hot .... The other guy ... Not so much ... I don't watch White Collar because he's so not so much ... 
Going to a Holocaust Lecture in < PROPFEMALE > 101 at 4pm . It's free to the public . Come along if you want some edumacation ! 
I finally figured out how to fix the color on my TV .... apparently my TV dislikes the plugs in the wall . Had to plug it into my surge protector .... at least my TV's protected now . 
C'mon , Saints ! I have been praying to you , Breezus Christ ! Show us who the holiest is ! 
BRITTFAR FAILS AGAIN !!!!!!!!! EAT IT ! ENJOY DA FLAVOR ! DA FLAVOR OF FAIL ! 
Do I still get my federal unsub money put in my bank account if it isn't put toward tuition ? that's almost $1500 that is sitting there unusued ... that's wasting money . I could use that money for something . 
Have you ever watched television with the captions on ? The way the music is described is pretty funny . FYI , the opening theme for the show , Human Target , is described as , \victorious music \"." 
I just cleaned up all my apps . I went from nearly 200 ( mostly quizzes ) to about 43 . I feel accomplished . BTW , if any facebook admins are reading this status , make the removal of apps a bit less complicated please . Took me twenty minutes to get done . 
Where is this quote from : \I AM THE GREETEST ! \"" 
Apparently , my mom thinks that I have a grocery store under my bed . I just like to have food and drink packed away in case of a nuclear holocaust ... or a random closing of the caf ... 
the cloudy sky is taunting me ... I WANT MY RAIN , DAMMIT ! 
Currently watching the Grammy's and the < PROPMALE > Rumble .... AHH ! THE WONDERS OF THE INTERNETS ! 
I love how people don't read signs that are directly in front of their faces .... eyeglasses are wonderful things , people ! 
Coffee is the < PROPFEMALE > of the Gods .... That is all .... 
I'm glad those 10 Americans were indicted for child trafficking . Just because you got permission from the DR to set up an orphanage for Hatian children doesn't mean that the Hatian government granted you permission to remove children from the country . 
crazy sleepy .... wanna watch tv though .... decisions , decisions .... 
get at me on uno ! 
Okaaayyy ..... the new facebook layout is fcukin ' lame .... 
Just bought a new Xbox360 and got one of my watches fixed ... now if I could only get rid of this monthly curse , everything would be wonderful ... 
Even though Christian Kane is my husband .... I HEART HARDISON ! 
I just entered my football depression .... next week that depression will be compounded by my leverage depression .... WHY ?!?!?! WHY HAST THOU FORSAKEN ME ?!?!?! 
just tore my room apart ... between last Tuesday and today , my tape has grown legs and run away .... This is me being nervous ! 
Curling has to be THE most dumbest sport in the history of mankind .... that's right . I said \most dumbest\ " . It makes me feel dumb watching it . Especially when I turn to a channel expecting to see a television show that won't rot my brain . " 
What the freak is up with all these people I don't know friending me ? Do I look the type the friend some random person I've never seen before ? 
Watching wrestling right now and it just occurred to me that on The Real World , < PROPFIRST > Mizanin , AKA The Miz , was one of the biggest guys there , but in the WWE , he's kinda small . This makes me wonder just how big the big guys truly are . 
not feeling very well ... might go to sleep early tonight ... won't change the fact that i'll miss my alarm in the morning ... damn sleeping gnome ... always making me miss my alarm ... 
is it strange that my butt cheeks hurt from sitting for an extended period of time ? 
6 more days .... 
Just did < PROPMALE > homework . Now I'm going to flatiron my hair and drink another cup of coffee before the beginning of my day . 6 more days .... 
Is in a war with < PROPFEMALE > Hatchett .... We already agreed on the schedule with Christian Kane . Either we work out a schedule with < PROPFIRST > Morrison , or we go to the Deathmatch Arena . Your Choice .... 
This year's DWTS roster is full of attention whores ... I look forward to someone reeking of suck ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Moormann : I just put up the Shades of Black(ness ) program pictures that I have . Sorry I didn't get them up yesterday ! The desk was too busy and I feel asleep as soon as I got back to my room . 
I forgot to do it today .... 5 more days .... 
two more days ..... GET CRUNK ! 
Naptime , dinner , then Guitar Hero ! CHEA ! 
Should I use Spring Break to work on my bulletin boards for next month ? Save myself the trouble at the end of the month ? 
4 more pages of notes to type , then gotta do Deutsch hausaufgabe .... that's < PROPMALE > homework , BTW . Yeah , I know I'm too awesome . Sucks that I can't spread the wealth ... for you ! 
My eyes are insanely dry . I have to use drops every couple hours . I don't have chronic dry eye . my tear ducts just don't work very well . Why do I need tear ducts anyway ? Crying sucks ! 
Almost done with my Spring Break homework .... Who's more awesomer than you ? ( BTW , I know I said a word that doesn't exist .... You still can't correct me ! I've corrected myself ! : insert maniacal laugh here :) 
Found a spider in my bathroom this morning .... first time I found a spider in my bathroom at school ... I was incredibly frightened .... It died .... mysteriously ..... and somehow ended up flushed down the toilet .... 
Apparently , the people at Wimberly Library don't understand that when I ask to be shown where something is located ( WITHIN THE LIBRARY ) I don't want to be told that I can find it online . If I wanted to find it online , I wouldn't have gotten dressed and walked to the library . Dumbasses ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > Hatchett : you need to get Christian Kane's new album ! It's only 5 songs , but we need to support our husband ! 
Really debating weather I should take a quick nap , do desk , and wash my hair then pass out , or stay up , do desk , wash my hair , then pass the fcuk out . Decisions , decisions ... 
I have made my decision . Nap Time is far more important than anything else I have planned for the rest of the night . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > looks a lot bigger than he did when he retired . 
I'm sleepy ... Spring Break Backlash is hittin ' HARD ! 
Apparently , < PROPFEMALE > Fischer doesn't remember me from being a resident in HPT for three semesters ( as < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s resident ) . This amuses me .... 
finds that ANTM isn't nearly as absorbing as it once was .... Why does life have to change all the time ? 
WHERE'S MY MONEY , MAN ?! WHERE'S MY MONEY ?! I WANT MY MONEY ! 
I just drank a 16 ounce energy drink . I'm still sleepy . Might take a nap . Not entirely sure . 
Yo momma is so fat , her Patronus is A CAKE . - < PROPFEMALE > B . 
\Rabbits don't lay eggs ? \ " Whoever said it knows who they are . " 
Cooked my mom her birthday dinner . Baronessa Bonano is enjoying the food me and < PROPFIRST > Collins cooked . It will be DELICIOUS ! 
The If Magazine stream of CONCON is spotty , at best . This saddens me . I hope that they put it on site or youtube later . I NEED my Christian Kane voice ! 
Just finished most of my homework . To read or to play video games ? What a decision to make ! 
My body wants to sleep , but my brain is fighting it with all its three pounds . I also have to do a crapload of homework .... Homework I didn't remember until 5 minutes ago ... dang it . 
FAU is full of morons ... especially the people that are sent to Housing to post notices ... notices that they like to post on bulletin boards .... bulletin boards that are not meant to have notices posted on them . 
Zelia Mendes Theodoropoulos will be proud to know that I remembered what Iambic Pentameter is , nearly FOUR YEARS after I was in her class ! 
I don't know why , but ever since I saw Iron Man , < PROPFIRST > Downey , Jr. ' s been really attractive to me .... this is slightly confusing . 
Nap time , then advising meeting , then ( if time permits ) homework and duty .... this week is going to be crap on a stick ! 
< PROPMALE > Bloom as Legolas = Lickable . < PROPMALE > Bloom as Anything Else = Not So Much . 
I think I'm catching a cold ... or some mucus creature has taken up residence in my face . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hatchett : DON'T PLAY ! YOU KNOW THEY BELONG TO ME ! 
Really contemplating watching Park Chan-wook's Vengeance Trilogy .... do I want to see gruesome bloodyness ? I need to find Ichi the Killer ! 
Watching the last two Lord of the Rings then Ichi the Killer while doing homework ... and I'm on duty . Hopefully today will be a good day . RESIDENTS BEHAVE ! 
2waffles , you suck the scruts of a donkey . That is all . 
This is me feeling like crap and not really wanting to go anywhere . DAMN YOU SPRING SEMESTER ! I don't even know what I'm allergic to . 
Just had two cups of coffee and did my < PROPMALE > homework in 10 minutes . Yeah , today has started off pretty good . 
May < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Quee Jr. have the best birthday he's ever had ! ... At least until next year ! 
Why do the rest of my pokes disappear when I poke someone back ? Facebook , you bastard ... 
I AM THE DESK DUTY < PROPFEMALE > !!!! I have desk minions . For I am AWESOME !!!! 
I just saw Clash of the Titans with < PROPFEMALE > Merkal , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . ' Twas AWESOME indeed . RELEASE THE KRACKEN ! 
Spring Semester , you suck somethin ' FIERCE ! 
Insomnia sucks somethin ' FIERCE !!!!! 
Come play cards on the Third Floor at 7:30 tonight ! 
This is me working on my bulletin boards tonight .... while I have a slight migraine . 
I just finished my < PROPMALE > Presentation . My Professorin says I did gut . That means I have one project down , 5 more to go . Within the next ten days . Yay me . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Spence must have the bestest Birthdays they've ever had today . I mandate it ! 
Announcement : Dr. < PROPFIRST > Kollander is the awesomest of awesome professors in the history of awesome professors . I bow down and bask in all her awesome < PROPFEMALE > . That is all . 
The Marriage Ref is full of hilarity . Go online and watch it . I DEMAND YOU WATCH !!!! 
Cheerleaders in Texas is nasty ! 
Collapse ..... WHY YOU DON'T BE WORKING ?!?! 
I wanna see The Losers . < PROPFIRST > Collins we'll see that too . 
ONE NATION UNDER A GROOVE !!!! 
Next set of albums for me to get : the entire discography of the Parliament-Funkadelic . ... or as much of it that I can find . MAKE MY FUNK THE P-FUNK ! 
Slightly nauseous right now ... Caf , you gotta step it up ! This is the second day in a row ! 
FAU Wireless , you suck something fierce . That is all . 
No power and I can't sleep without hearing the air conditioner blowing . Waiting , waiting , waiting .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Hatchett : SecondSpin.com is where I ordered my LotR DVDs . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hatchett : SecondSpin.com is where I ordered my LotR DVDs . 
Just finished watching Triumph of the Will . True , Hitler was one of the worst human beings to ever live , but his propaganda machine's success is alternately fascinating and horrifying . 
I enjoy Jeopardy . 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Rogers for the delicious smoothie I am enjoying as I watch Katt < PROPMALE > and write a paper ! 
\It puts the lotion on its skin ... \"" 
I hate when I've been working on my computer for so long that my eyes start feeling like I have crud in them . And when my eyelashes start falling into my eyes when I have the cruddy-eye feeling . It makes me want to not have eyes for a good second .... then I look at my desktop and I smack the crap out of myself for thinking so blasphemously . 
No summer classes for me ! YAY ! WOOT ! I can finally catch up on my pleasure reading and sleep ! 
I'm crashing CROP tomorrow ! Be prepared for the return of the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I have a migraine , craploads of end of semester homework to do , I'm on duty , and I feel like s**t . Time for a nap . 
I wish I had unlimited amounts of money so I could get all the books that I want . 
\Po ' Lil ' Tink Tink ... \"" 
I love how when I make a comment on someone's < PROPFEMALE > ( and they know I'm joking ) , someone I don't even know takes me seriously . People : if someone you don't know says something you don't like , you have two options : a ) make a comment and look like a dumb f**k when you get told about yourself , or b ) stay quiet and act like you have some damn sense . Your choice . 
I broke my rattail comb this morning . Note to self : remember to buy two or three so you aren't stuck with a broken comb until you go back home . 
My Day officially sucks like a Hoover Whirlwind ! Nothing has gone right . I always knew there was a reason that I hated Mondays . 
NAPTIME FOR ME ! 
Meant to wake up at 10pm ... woke up at 8:30 am . At least I feel better than I did yesterday . 
I got my LotR DVDs today ! Watching all the extras before I watch the films again . Today might end on a good note . 
If anyone doesn't think Google Chrome is the greatest browser out now , let me point you to the ADBLOCK EXTENTION ! This is what awesome looks like . 
I will be almost completely stress free this time tomorrow . CHEA ! 
Terrible headache as I write a paper means that this week officially sucks donkey scruts . At least I'm going home Friday . 
Going to see The Losers and Clash of the Titans with < PROPFIRST > Collins . RELEASE THE KRACKEN ! 
Meeting . Ironing my clean clothes . Typing out notes and studying for finals . Today sounds suspiciously like it might be a relatively good day . If so , it will be the first in a long while . This makes me happy . 
FACEBOOKERS : As of YESTERDAY , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow\ " ... please copy & repost . " 
Not feeling too well right now . Not bad enough not to work , but bad enough to not want to work . I thought the rain would dampen ( no pun intended ) the allergens in the air ... Nope . Not for me . 
The more I listen to Imma Be , the more I realize , BEP puts out such shining nuggets of gold ... only for those < PROPFEMALE > nuggets to turn into brown turds . This is me sadly shaking my head for all the wasted potential . 
RuPaul Drag Race is the MESSIEST show I done ever seen ! 
TOODAY IS FREE PRINTING DAY FOR FAU HOUSING STUDENTS 8:30 am-5PM ... Visit http://printonline.fau.edu 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for today , especially since I apparently cannot count . 
Ahmadinejad is applying for a US Visa ... < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Eeeennnnteresting ! 
The Fresh Meat Challenge on MTV is DIRTY this season ! I love the backstabbing ! 
Dear FAU , I am not graduating this year . Please stop emailing me about being a graduate of the Class of 2010 . Thank you . 
This is me being irritated out of my F ****** MIND ! And I'm on duty . On a Saturday . Expect someone to get cussed out at some point in the next 24 hours . 
New Boondocks @ 11:30 pm ! Get on it ! 
To stay in and watch America : The Story of Us or go to Midnight Breakfast ? I won't decide until 10:59 I'm sure . 
The more I listen to La Roux , the more I like them . I usually don't listen to electropop either . 
Got a B+ so far .... C'mon Feinman ! Gimme my grade ! 
I saw a 17 inch < PROPMALE > Bloom doll for sale . It's $300 . Plus $25 for shipping and another $25 for insurance . I don't have that kind of money . Its only for sale for the next two days . I want it , but I can't afford it . I want to cry . 
\Get da Ambalamps ! Call dem ! \"" 
June 20th . Let's get it ! 
Can someone explain to me why my grades haven't been posted on MyFAU yet ? This is me being annoyed . 
What is the one word that amuses you for reasons you can't explain ? My word : nougat . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , The Joy of Painting . The best show from when I was little ever ! I'm watching videos of it now ! 
This is me being pissed off at human life in general right now . I need to play video games . 
This is me disliking washing dishes ... meh ... 
G4 is the greatest channel ever . Unbeatable Banzuke and Ninja Warrior . Watch ' em ! 
Family Feud on Facebook sucks balls . That is all . 
Playing Oblivion and watching Lie to Me . Yeah , tonight is a good night . 
After seeing the < PROPMALE > of Persia , I have reevaluated my assessment of < PROPMALE > Gyllenhaal . He is not as unattractive as I had initially thought . I guess two and half hours of watching him doing Parkour all over Morocco and sweating with long hair is a good thing . 
Chillin ' in the hospital with my mom and my brother for Memorial Day . Not a bad way to spend the holiday , all things considered . 
Alright , whoever puts a < PROPFIRST > diaper on their baby needs to have their asses beat . Your kid should not be walking around outside with no pants on . A regular diaper does the same thing and you can actually put regular pants on your kid . In summary : < PROPFIRST > diaper + Baby = ass whoopin ' . Any questions ? 
Now ride ... ya whip ! Ride ya whip , ghost ride yo ' whip ! 
I wear no pants . I weeeaaarrrr no pants . I wear , I wear , I weeeaaarrrr nnnnoooooo PANTS ! 
Going to spend a couple hours at the hospital with my mom today . She's coming home tomorrow afternoon ! I am excite ! 
Everybody .... GEDDAN ! 
Yo ! If you ain't near a TV , get near one ! If you ain't got access to a bootleg feed of it online , find one ! World Cup time ! O LE'S DO IT ! 
I didn't know that North Korea was in the World Cup . Huh .... 
Epically bored right now . I'll probably watch Ironman again and drool over RDJ . 
Has anyone ever killed an insect and realized that they're screaming \DIE ! DIE ! DIE ! \ " as they're killing them ? " 
Heard thunder about half an hour ago ... Didn't see not a drop of rain .... Disappointed ? You have NO idea . 
All you vuvzela haters need to quit . That horn is awesome ! 
History of the World : Part I FTW . That is all . 
Leverage is LOVE ! 
Anybody got any ideas on how to make my mom understand that when a doctor tells her to rest that means as much as possible and not just when she's in pain ? 
Having a Rocko's Modern Life marathon right now . Yeah , Netflix is AWESOME ! 
Who else is excited right now ? I'm excited right now . 
Kobe < PROPMALE > ? Kobe < PROPMALE > ? < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , you need speech classes . 
I just realized I've seen nearly every movie < PROPFEMALE > Bullock's ever made . 
I'm depressed ... 
Watching Bye Bye < PROPFEMALE > . Depression is lifting . 
Cutting coupons and ' bout to watch < PROPFIRST > Rockwell is Bleeding . Leverage @ 9 tonight ! 
Awesomest character name ever : Vash the Stampede . 
What is the plural of weenis ? Would it be weenises or weeni ? 
Watching the replay of the BET Awards . They did a super closeup of TI during the DeBarge performance . I didn't realize that TI has a Hitler moustache . 
\I wanna be your Lover ! \"" 
My parents are crazy ... Never a dull moment . 
I find myself becoming excited about the upcoming school year .... WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH ME ?!?!? I don't wanna go back yet ! 
Apparently , Doctor Tebow is a juggernaut on the new Madden . 
Watching Cowboy Bebop : The Movie . The soundtrack is awesome . 
\HA HA HA HA ! Mine is an evil laugh ! \"" 
I want Firefly back , but that would mean not having Castle . DAMN YOU < PROPMALE > FILLION AND ALL YOUR AWESOME AWESOMENESS !!! 
And Germany continues their international rapefest . I feel bad for their next opponent . 
I meant to watch the UFC fight tonight . Wanna know what I did instead ? I forgot about it until about 10 minutes ago and spent the time during the fight cutting coupons and flat ironing my mom's hair . FML ..... 
Watching LotR with my mom . It's still sprinkling here . 
Rain , rain , don't go away . I live on high ground so I'll be okay ! 
I've just been exposed to the horrible horror of spacedocking . I wanna cry and rip out my brain . Please don't google that term . For your own safety . 
I'm liking < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > more and more . 
Looks like the hoes gon ' come out in droves when the NBA season starts ! 
Who wants to put down money that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is going to take over the team if it becomes apparent that the Heat are going to win a championship ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > needs to MAN THE F**K UP ! He's starting to sound a little like a scorned female . 
I have There Goes My Baby stuck in my head ..... DAMN YOU USHER ! 
I just realized something when I was watching cartoons that I used to watch as a teeny-weenie . Some of the things nickelodeon used to put on were completely RIDICULOUS ! 
Finna go see Inception . I'll tell you what I think when I get back . 
Christian Kane sings on Leverage tonight ! Then , the song he sings goes on sale . I am excite ! 
The episodes that focus on Eliot are a blessing and a curse . It focuses on him , but there's usually a girl with him . DAMN YOU CATCH-22 ! 
Been watching < PROPMALE > deGrasse < PROPMALE > videos for the past half hour . He makes me wanna be an astronomer .... Then I realize I hate math with a passion , so I'll just settle for being one of his many adorers . 
Inconceivable ! 
I was just thinking to myself : I love peanut m&m's and I hate reese's peanut butter cups . These are things I wonder late at night . 
I nearly got squeezed to death by < PROPFIRST > Collins five minutes ago . I must now seek my REVENGE !!!! 
How many dudes do you know since 1954 that rock bouffants ? DANG ! Not a good look .... 
Who wants to see Inception again when I get back the FAU in August ? 
I want the miniature giraffe from the new DirectTV ad . That is all . 
Really thinking about having a JGL movie marathon . Inception got me thinking about him a lot ... 
NFL Network needs to stop bobbing their heads in < PROPFIRST > Farve's lap . They're drooling a bit ... 
\Will the apocalypse come with two sides and a biscuit ? \"" 
Watching Generation Kill . < PROPFIRST > Skarsgard can gnaw on my neck anytime ... 
I just watched Generation Kill all the way through . I love war movies and < PROPFIRST > Skarsgard . This was a good 6 hours . 
Me , my dad , and < PROPFIRST > Collins are having a deep discussion about who has the best receiving corps this season . My brother is saying that Cincinnati has the best in the league . My dad is making arguments for everyone beside Cincinnati . What do you think ? 
\Opulence . I has it . \"" 
I laugh at the Mormon Church . Money well spent , boys . Prop 8 in California got repealed . Why are they tax exempt again ? 
Back in Boca . Not unpacking until tomorrow . Took a shower and now about to sleep till tomorrow morning . I'LL HOLLA ! 
I need a new security cube and the rack behind my bathroom door put up again . * sigh * 
Happy birthday to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Barnes , < PROPFIRST > Callahan , and Rakesh Ramcharan ! Here's to another year , guys ! 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > Swanick , Gio Torres , and < PROPMALE > Sabbagh . Hope your birthday has been a great one so far ! 
Listening to The College Dropout and working on decorations . I'm disappointed in < PROPFIRST>'s of Boca's selection of embroidery kits . I was not a happy hamster . 
Is anyone else not able to pull up their book list on MyFAU ? 
I don't know what is up with the two professors that don't have my book lists submitted to the bookstore , but they need to get it up before next week . I'm getting annoyed right now . 
I have way too many photos on my memory card for my camera . 
Guess what ? My coffee pot turns on . It doesn't work . It doesn't make coffee . I've only had it for less than a year . Cheap is not always the way to go , I now understand . 
< PROPFIRST > W . Drummer is the bestest guy in the wide world ! I got a set of free shelves and will get a free lapdesk from him . And I got a free digital voice recorder . Today was a good day . 
Apparently , even though I'm an RA and living on campus and have gone through two weeks of training , I've cancelled my housing contract and I'm no longer in the dorms , thus no longer needing a meal plan . This is all after I saw , with my own two eyes , my name in the book of meal plans , in the RA section , in the cafeteria . FAU needs more competent administrators . 
Pissed off , hot , and want nothing more than to punch someone in the face right now . Today has been awful and its not even 3 yet . 
School begins for me in less than 24 hours . I AM EXCITE ! 
Instead of relaxing like I had planned , I've been watching videos of guys getting their hair cut . The things youtube ropes me into watching .... 
Just realized that the 2010 edition of the < PROPFEMALE > is different . I feel kinda dumb . 
This semester I am taking Interpretation of Fiction . When I got the syllabus , the first thing that jumped into my mind : \Treat this as if you were still in Zelia Mendes Theodoropoulos's class . You'll do just fine . \ " Thanks Ms. Mendes ! " 
Teach me how to dougie . 
I think I'm catching a cold ... and I can't find my theraflu . I have to go buy some tomorrow . This sucks the scruts of a donkey . 
I can't wait for Movie on the Lawn on Saturday ! Yet another opportunity to drool over RDJ ! 
I know my residents were born in a different < PROPFEMALE > . One of them didn't know who < PROPFIRST > Wonder is . Disappointing . 
Guess who has a temperature of 99.6 F ? 
Can't sleep because I keep coughing and can't breathe through my right nostril . Being sick is no bueno . 
If anybody is going to the caf at some point for dinner , could you come get my owl card and get me a to go box ? Plz Thx ! 
Gerhard Heij is the most wonderfulest guy in the world right now ! My night is over . I'm going to pass out now . 
What sucks : Iron Man 2 is being played on the lawn , but I'm sick and I can't be there right now without feeling like crap . I think I'm going to watch it online . Yay bootlegs ! 
Watching Iron Man 2 has made me realize that I love facial hair more than I originally thought . 
I love how my professor told us he would email the rest of the syllabus to us this weekend . It's now 11:36 on Sunday night . I still ain't got the rest of the syllabus . This reeks of weak sauce . 
Overslept and missed her first class this semester . Being sick sucks something fierce ! 
I love Pandora . 
I have been jammin ' Usher \Guilty\ " forth last 15 minutes . He needs to stop puttin ' out dem BANGAS ! " 
I'm finally getting my stuff unpacked after 3 weeks of being here . And I'm listening to Jimi Hendrix , Pink < PROPMALE > , and Lynyrd Skynyrd while doing it . Yeah , you can bow down to my awesome as much as you'd like . 
Ya gurl finna be ballin ' , yo ! 
Kinda don't wanna go to class , but I like the professor , soooooo ..... meh . 
FOOTBALL IS BACK !!!! ALL IS RIGHT WITH THE WORLD ONCE MORE ! 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFIRST > Salois ! You are a year older and ( hopefully ) wiser ! Let's continue this tradition ! 
Watching movies and reading about the origins of the Vietnam War . Yeah , I'm having a pretty good night , indeed . 
I put oil in my dad's car today . I feel accomplished . 
In less than two hours , my seven month depression will finally be completely lifted . YAY FOR FOOTBALL !!!!! 
Who wants to find me a heating pad ? My body is rebelling against me .... 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Merkal and < PROPMALE > Scozzafava for making my day ! I was stressed out and tired as hell and you guys got me out of my room for a couple hours . I appreciate it you guys ! 
Rihanna looks ridiculous ... 
Lady Gaga looks like a goddamn peacock that got attacked by a crayola factory . 
Why is Jaden Smith with < PROPFIRST > Bieber ? They need to take their young behinds to bed ! 
Drank three cups of coffee today ... Still about to fall asleep . This is me being sad . 
< PROPFIRST > Romo , you fail at life . Go ram your face into a steel spike . Maybe having brain damage might make you less of a choke artist . 
< PROPFIRST > Derulo can't sing live . He should stick to radio and music videos . 
Looks like the chick from Paramore and B.o.B. finally met . Now we can quit talking about that crap ! 
What the fuck is up with < PROPFIRST > Shinoda's hair ? Did someone put a bowl on his head and cut around it ? 
That laugh sounds like a jackhammer mixed with the chipmunks ... jus ' sayin ' ... 
Alright , Kanye ... puttin ' yo ' taco meat on display ! Rock it ! 
Okay , MTV . Blank out other curse words , but you don't blank out \assholes\ " ? ... right .... " 
It just dawned on me that Kanye was rewarded for what he did last year . Kanye , that is an example of EPIC WIN ! 
Oh ... My ... Lord ... If it ain't Romo , it's a lineman . Damn , I feel bad for < PROPFIRST > fans ... 
Can someone explain to me the purpose of a language requirement ? Especially since I'll never use any language that I learn beyond english ? 
90% of the people that do my peer editing are morons . Some think that I've used words that don't exist or used existing words in an incorrect context . And the others can't understand complex sentences . BITCH GET A DICTIONARY , THESAURUS , AND STYLE GUIDE BEFORE YOU CRITIQUE MY WRITING ! 
Today started off relatively good . It is now full of ish . * < PROPFEMALE > Sigh * 
I just realized that Freaker's Ball is on a day that I have duty . FFFFUUUUUU .....!!!!!!!!! 
Three hour classes are hell on my back . That is all . 
Manning Bowl 2010 ! LET'S GO ! 
I learned how to make a box out of printer paper on Sunday . YAY INTERWEBS ! 
Get Sickle Smart with me and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in the HPT MPR tonight at 8 ! On a side note , should I drink a cup of coffee before the program , because I'm kinda falling asleep right now ? 
I enjoy peas . 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > DeRienzo for giving me my Christmas Nails ! SN : I spent a good 30 minutes trying to figure out why my nails were giving me < PROPFEMALE > vu . They look like a Christmas sweater I saw in < PROPFEMALE>'s . 
\Just youuuu Knoooowwww whhhhyyyy ..... Whyyyy Yooouuuu annnnddd IIIIIIIII ! \"" 
\We on a world tour/Wale ya man/hustlin ' each and every ghetto wit a < PROPFIRST > in my hand ! \ " Instant Classic ! " 
I'm in the library if anyone would like to join me before 6:30 pm . If you do come join me , get a study room . 
This is me being annoyed ... 
\But it was too late and she died from an angry hymen ... Fin . \"" 
Seriously , someone find me a panda suit for Halloween . 
I want aminal crackers ! 
..... AAANNNNNDDDD , drunk residents have massacred my bulletin board . Thank Cthulu I have to change it this weekend . 
I love how they're blasting \Put On\ " in the stadium at the Miami game . " 
< PROPFIRST > Sinise looks like < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Zant in < PROPMALE > Gump . 
After two cups of coffee , I'm still sleepy . I'm taking a nap after class . 
< PROPFIRST > Beck is the dumbest human being alive . Why he is still taken seriously baffles me ... 
Is it me or does 16 and pregnant seem to be glamorizing teen pregnancy ? 
I'm glad < PROPFIRST > O'Donnell apologized for the introduction he gave < PROPFIRST > Steele . At least he acknowledges when he is wrong . 
Midterm in 2 hours and 8 minutes ... GAAAHHH !!!! 
I just finished a three hour midterm . I was the last one to leave . I didn't aim for that distinction , BTW . 
Why do some people feel the need to rip things down ? Especially when they are representatives of others ? 
< PROPFIRST > Dobbs , you fail at life . That is all . 
I was kinda hoping to spend the day at home today . Not happening . My mom continues to hear me , not listen . 
Strange the amount of hate for Alabama lately . I mean I understand wanting to see number one fail , but dang ! 
I love the cheap fog , UM . Save that money ! 
Is the sound for the game ( or ABC ) not working for anyone else ? 
Iz sleepy ... 
... < PROPFEMALE > sigh .... 
Thanks to Shanique Fathead < PROPFIRST > for the chicken she cooked last night . My breakfast was gooder than a mug ! 
I just ate a fruit by the foot for the first time in nearly 10 years . I feel accomplished . 
I don't like the way that the chat box on the left side of the screen looks now . ' Tis not okay . 
I have the greatest Hall Coordinator in all the land .... I <3 < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
So bleedin ' tired right now . 
Four weeks til I'm 22 and four days til Halloween Horror Nights . CHEA ! 
I just donated blood for the first time . Be happy for me and tell me I did a good job . These are my orders . FOLLOW THEM ! 
Attention : \Irregardless\ " is not a word . Stop it . That is all . " 
Collapse ... you are not saving my score this week . Therefore , I now dislike you ... 
The Village is doing big things with their haunted house ! Go get Skurred ! 
Why is it that peer editing is a necessary part of < PROPMALE > Rule Writing classes ? Most of the people that edit my paper provide one or two valid , helpful comments out of twenty or twenty-five pieces of nonsense . It is basically fifty wasted minutes of my life that I will never get back . Once again , my classmates prove that reading is something totally necessary in life . 
I have a < PROPMALE > of graduating next year with a double < PROPMALE > in History and Interdisciplinary Studies with a minor in Political Science . YAY FOR ADVISORS ! 
< PROPFIRST > Park : Could you get me a box at the caf ? \ 
Me : Sure . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Park : You know what ? Nevermind . I'm just gonna make myself some rice . \ 
Me : ... YOU'RE SO ASIAN ! \ 
< PROPFIRST > Park : Actually , I'm gonna make ramen in a rice pot . 
Announcement : That \No Hands\ " by Waka Flocka Flame Feat . Wale and < PROPMALE > Dash go hard . That is all . " 
F\\n S.D. Collins 
And < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has triumphantly returned to FAU ! Today is a good day ! 
FOOD AT THE HOUSING LAWN !!!! GO !!! IT'S FREEEEEEEEE !!!!! 
I hate when I go to vote and get accosted by people begging me to vote for someone . \\n S.D. Collins 
I just saw a chick with acrylic nails straight out of 1994 . Long and colorful . SMDH\\n S.D. Collins 
The elevators in South Tower are dead ... This is me dreading duty tomorrow . 
I just finished my first magic draft . ' Twas awesome indeed . 
T-minus 12 days ... 
If I disappeared for a couple days , would anyone be upset ? That's what I wanna do right now . 
I am DEEP in \F*$# it\ " mode right now . This week already sucks donkey scruts . " 
Thank you , < PROPMALE > Meek , for splitting the vote and giving us a Tea Party nutcase Senator . \\n S.D. Collins 
Happy Birthday to three very beautiful ladies : Avy < PROPMALE > , Kelissa Geffrard , and Tempest Fitts ! May your day be filled with AWESOME ! 
... my throat hurts ... and nothing else ... 
Sooooo ..... I gots no voice today . And my throat hurts ... and my jaw hurts ... but the rest of my body feels fine ... Has anyone found a voodoo doll with my likeness with needles in the throat and jaw ? 
Who wants to go to the Caf @ 5 ? BTW , I can only eat soup and hot tea until my throat feels better ... sucks ? Oh , I think so . 
I hate when people schedule my time for me . \\n S.D. Collins 
No temperature , but my nose is running and I'm coughing up internal organs . On a better note , my throat isn't hurting nearly as much as it was yesterday . WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME ?! 
I just found a pumpkin and 43 cents ( and 15 cents of that was a dime and a nickle ) on my floor . I iz confused ... 
There's so many girls gettin ' loose at the concert ! \\n S.D. Collins 
We got more opening acts than the law allow . Luda STILL hasn't performed . Dis sum BULL ---- ! \\n S.D. Collins 
Had a good visit with my brother . Now for duty and homework ... ( < PROPFIRST > Park ) & possibly magic ? 
I've got my schedule mostly figured out for next semester . I still need to make an appointment for advising , though . Someone remind me tomorrow . 
Today is < PROPFEMALE > Fischer's Birthday ! You can finally drink ( again) ! 
I gots the bestest boss in the wide world !!!!! YAY < PROPFIRST > W . Drummer !!!! 
I'm 22 years old today ! Be happy for me ! This is my birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! It also means I'm one day closer to Christmas , which is one day closer to gettin ' a Hess truck ! Yay for the last 8 weeks of the year ! Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! I appreciate your remembering my birthday ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! The love I feel from you guys is like a warm blanket after being buried in ice for a couple hours ... ' tis nice indeed . 
This was a good weekend . I got good food , lots of rest , and played the new Call of Duty . I don't really wanna go back to school . 
Writing essays has become like pulling teeth for me . Kill me now ! 
I understand that you play football , sir , but your lycra Under Armour shirt should not be baggy . Hit the weights a little harder before you try that look again . Thanks . 
Make My Funk Da P-Funk ! 
There's someone that looks like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > at FAU . How odd . \\n S.D. Collins 
I <3 Sunday . And now for something not so completely different : I just realized I get really excited for the New England v . Indianapolis games every season ... and I really don't care for either team . I guess I <3 football that much . 
YYYYEEEEAAAHHHHH ! And yet another of < PROPFIRST > Favre's records is going to be broken ! More reason for that attention whore to retire ! 
Wrestling is finally kinda interesting again ... yay . 
Guess who doesn't have class tomorrow ? THIS KID ! 
I've cracked my thumbnail in such an awkward manner that I have to wait for it to grow before I can cut it at the crack . Pictures of the crack possibly upcoming . 
Happy Turkey Day !!!! 
Gettin ' a Droid when the new operating systems comes out next year ! 
... My Big Brother gettin ' old ... that means I'm gettin ' old .... < PROPFIRST > Collins what happened to the cryogenic plans we made ?! 
I'm groovin ' to Waka Flocka Flame with my family tonight . How awesome are we ? 
My stomach hurts from laughing so hard at < PROPMALE > Smith's mispeaks . My brother says that his brain hurts from listening to it . 
ESPN needs to bring back < PROPMALE > Smith to commentary and analysis . I looked forward to that on Sundays . Comedic gold ! 
My face feels like its going to explode . Time for the sudafed and cough meds ... again .... meh ... 
I guess he's an Xbox/and I'm more an Atari ! 
One final grade in . Three more to go ... 
My < PROPMALE > professor is late to my final ... FML .... \\n S.D. Collins 
I just bought my Inception DVD ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , Abbi Rosen , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and whoever else wants in on the watching of awesome , tonight ! Text me later for more details ! 
I saw a duck sleeping for the first time today . It was standing up . Then I went to the Village and saw two more sleeping . They were sitting . \\n S.D. Collins 
I love how facebook is glitching up right now . 
This semester is officially the worst semester in my college experience . This break is going to suck ... 
Had a good day with my Dad for his birthday . Now , time for some Oblivion . I've been neglecting it . \\n S.D. Collins 
< PROPFEMALE > Hatchett You'd better be watching TNT right now ! 
I never have to take another language class for as long as I live ! All hail MEEEEEE !!!!! 
I'm typing this from my new DroidX . Probably gonna be toying with this all night . 
I was wondering why I slept better than I have in weeks . It's raining !! 
I just spent the last hour and a half clearing out two email accounts I haven't looked at in two years . I'll check ' em again in another two years . 
It's been three years since the first Robot Chicken < PROPFEMALE > Wars special and I'm no less excited about it . 
I think I might have to get that TronLegacy soundtrack . 
Dont be lookin ' at Qunicy Jones ! < PROPMALE > Jones cain't help you out ! \ 
God , I love The Boondocks !! 
The great thing about desk duty in a block : I can watch two documentaries . Yeah . I'm a geek . And ? 
Headline News just spelled choked wrong . They put chocked . I didn't know someone could chocked . I dont even know what chocked is . 
Happy Christmas to everyone that celebrates it ! 
Me and my brother are killing my dad in monopoly right now . 
I already beat my dad once in monopoly and I'm about to do it again . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > Brinkman , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! Have a wonderful birthday ladies ! 
I love hoe my phone randomly started ringing ... for no reason ... no texts ... no calls ... just wanted to ring . 
Am I the only one that feels like I lose all sense of time during training at night ? 
Sunday Night is Football Night !!!!!!! 
I < PROPFIRST > bought two new pairs of house shoes . They are comfortable . I am happy . 
Who's excited about school starting tomorrow ? I am ! 
Already awake and ready for learning ! 
So .... I just spent $15 on a book I didn't need . Yeah , it was $15 from a gift card , but that's $15 dollars I could have spent on a book I didn't need , but wanted ! 
GAME TIME !!!!!!! LE'GO!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Hatchett You better be watching wrestling right now , girl ! < PROPFIRST > is on !!!! 
And the SEC has proven their dominance once again for the fifth year in a row . I'm a Proud Owl , but I recognize consistent greatness and the SEC has it . 
So ... I found my old Owl Card . It was in a pair if pants I haven't worn in a week . It still works in the vending machines , so yay ! I didn't lose $20 after all 
I want a fountain pen ! 
\Guv'ment came and took mah baaaayyyyybyyyyyy !!!!!! \ " \ 
Even though < PROPFIRST > Statham is , like , 40 and balding .... I'd still get at him if I had an opportunity . 
Rakesh Ramcharan made my day with the photo he posted for me ! I can sleep happily tonight ! 
I think FAU is trying to kill me . My nose has been running all day and I've been sneezing my face off all day . 
Why are taxes being taken from me ? This makes me kinda depressed now ... I like my almost $9 I'm not getting ... 
Makin ' this Facebook official : I wanna see The Green Hornet . Who's gonna go with me ? 
needs a nap . Class in 40 minutes . Nose still running like FloJo . 
< PROPFIRST > Chou is my newest Asian lover ! 
I wanna go see The Mechanic . 
Today goes on record as being one of my worst of the last ten years . 
Someone remind me why I became a history < PROPMALE > . 
Someone let their dog poop in the Breezeway next to the Jewish Center . Watch your step ! 
The new Blackboard SUCKS somethin ' fierce ! 
How nice it is to know that my residents are thieves ... 
Dear FAU , \ 
I want my refund now . Thank you and good day . 
Why is it that all the dudes on Maury on the paternity shows are ugly ? How did they get all these women to sleep with them ? 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAnnnnnnnnnndddddddddddddd , my headphones are officially dead . I have to go buy new ones tonight . How does this suck ? Let me count the ways ... 
I was wondering why my feet were cold in my room . Its frickin ' 51 outside ! Time to break out the thick , purple , wool socks ! 
Note to all residents :\ 
Your RA can hear 99% of everything you do in the hallway . Just marinate on that ... 
you said you deposited my financial aid refund on Friday . You lied . Please don't lie to me about my money . It is not conducive to trust in this relationship . We're gonna be together for the next 18 months , at least . I need to trust you . Kthxbai . 
HHHHAAAA !!!! U MAD !!!!! 
I'm watching TLC and one of the subject's brothers is kinda cute . But he's automatically out of the running for anything because his brother is a subject of a TLC documentary . That means he's got some genetic mess that the doctors can't even figure out . I already have enough problems of my own ... 
Thank you for finally putting my money in my account . I was kinda sick of having no money with which to buy copious amounts of crap that I want like fire , but , in the grand scheme of things , don't need . ( Yes , I am aware that was a massive run on sentence ; ask me if I care ! ) I am still somewhat cross with you for lying to me and getting my hopes up this weekend , but the money has kinda soothed the pain . 
FAU's Inter Library < PROPFEMALE > sucks < PROPMALE > donkey scruts ! ... FYI ... 
I'm two seconds away from telling my waitress to respeck mah athoritah ! She ain't getting no tip ! 
Just bought Iron Man 1 & 2 , Sherlock Holmes , and < PROPMALE > of Persia . Avy < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Valentin : When are we watching movies again ? 
I want bacon . 
Not paying attention in class because my professor doesn't know what he is asking the class . 
Give a larbage , throw out your garbage ! 
I don't know why I plan to do things on Thursday mornings , when I know I'm just gonna sleep . 
I can't watch What Chilli Wants . I'm seeing all these gorgeous dudes paraded in front of her and she's finding something wrong with them . I understand you want a dude that likes kids and doesn't smoke or drink , but DAMN ! Girl you got models tryna get wit ' you ! 
Watching Iron Man with my mom . She's keeps falling asleep . When she talks , she sounds like she drunk . I giggle . 
WTF IS SUPER 8 ABOUT ?!?! I've seen ads for it for almost two years and I still can't figure out what it's about . 
Guess who has a new monitor , snitches ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > Park ! 
I just saw the first two episodes of Doctor Who for the first time . Now I see what all the fuss about . 
I almost smacked a trick in my class today . I know you ain't rushing me , but DAMN ! Ain't no reason for you to get stank wit ' me ! 
My hell week has finally ended . Time for ... another hell week ... remind me why I'm a double < PROPMALE > again ? 
I need ideas on how I'm supposed to die for an obituary I have to write . The more outrageous , the better . 
Watching Bollywood movies and doing homework . Tonight is a good night . 
WTF is up with the notifications , Facebook ? I want to go to the < PROPFEMALE > that you've notified me about , not get a popup window-thingy . Quit changin ' stuff ! BTW , dinner in the caf tonight ? No bueno . 
Is there any way to make the standard Earth day longer than 24 hours ? If so , I would like to add 5 hours . Thank you person that can do this . 
I now must watch Wrestlemania . I have no choice . SPOILER ALERT ! #therockisback ! 
I just wrote my obituary . For a class . Is my professor trying to tell the class something ? 
FAAAAIIIIILLLLL !!!! 
Jus ' one a dem days ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Hatchett : Watch RAW tomorrow night . That is all I'll say . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hatchett ! < PROPFIRST > Cena took it back to ' 05 ! He still got it ! 
I hate being messaged by people on facebook telling me to vote for someone . Bitch , I'm grown ! If Imma vote , you ain't gon ' influence who I vote for ! Don't message me wit ' dis bullshit ! If I told yo ' ass two seconds ago that I'm not voting for student government , don't tell me to do it again . I will cuss yo ' dumbass out ! 
Tuesday hates me and all I stand for ... the feeling is mutual . That is all . 
I'm freakishly tired right now . I'm kinda worried about that ... 
Is there any female RA that wants to take my place on the FRAS trip ? I can't go . :'( Let me know so I can tell < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is there any female RA that wants to take my place on the FRAS trip ? I can't go . :'( Let me know so I can tell < PROPFEMALE > . 
My back is killing me right now . Sometimes being a girl sucks ... 
Who else is watching the final launch of the shuttle Discovery ? 
WHAT THE DEUCE ?! 
Let it whip ! Let's whip it , baby ! 
IT'S GONNA BE TIGHT YA'LL!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Hatchett : < PROPFIRST > Cena better quit playin ' wit ' The Rock . The Rock can't keep takin ' this young < PROPMALE > to school . He makin ' Cena look like a damn fool ! 
Apparently I have allergies . On a better note , today is < PROPFEMALE > Medina's birthday ! Happy birthday ! 
A nap is sounding like a better and better idea . 
The more I see that ad for the movie Limitless , the more attractive < PROPMALE > Cooper becomes . That's yet another movie that I will be seeing . 
Interview T-minus 2 hours and 47 minutes . I'm more nervous for this than I feel I should be . 
Well .... The new countdown begins ... T-minus 6 days .... 
My nose is itching so much and I just want it to stop . Allergies suck . 
ATTENTION ! Everyone that will be living in Innovation North , I'm going to be an RA there this fall ! NEW BUILDING !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Hatchett Leverage Premiere June 26th at 9pm . Set your schedule ! HUBBY IS BACK ! 
This week feels like it might be a good week . 
Am I the only one who can't wait for the WWE debut of Mistico ? Fcuk \Sin Cara\ " ! He will forever be Mistico ! " 
Am I the only one who knew that would be The Miz ? 
Did anyone else know that a new season of The Real World started ? 
I thought this week would be a good one . LIES !!!!! 
Congratulation to my cousin , Niles Collins ! Gettin ' married ! I couldn't make it up to < PROPFEMALE > ( school ruins my life ! ) , but I hope you and wifey can make it down here sometime ! 
Is anyone else at FAU having wireless issues ? 
FAU Wireless sucks . Anyone else having problems with the wireless right now ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > sounds like a madwoman on HLN right now . She really needs to understand that although she is a devout Christian , the nation is not completely devoutly Christian . The nation is comprised of various religions and beliefs . 
I <3 Cougar & Jensen . All the awesome kids know what I'm talking about . 
Does anyone else know what happened to the regular 150 Pokemon ? Last I heard there was 2365859609546345123 new Pokemon . 
A very Happy Birthday shout out to my cousin < PROPFEMALE > Collins and my fellow Owls < PROPFIRST > Rogers and Abbi Rosen ! Have a great day , U GUISE !!!!! 
I've been awake since 5:30 . Someone knock me out . 
Ya know what ? Eff March 2011 . End of the semester can come anytime ! 
YO ! If you ain't got the cash to go to the club tonight , get to the lobby and hit up CLUB HPT ! People gettin ' LOOSE ! 
This week has slowly declined in to a hole the likes of which I've never seen . College officially sucks . 
BAM !!! POISON UP IN YO ' BODY ! 
ATTENTION THOSE HANGING SIGNS IN HOUSING : If you place your signs on the bulletin boards , expect your organization to be hated by the RAs . We work hard on our bulletin boards and your crappy signs ruining our boards just piss us off . 
The fact that it is raining when I'm not able to sleep is a bad omen for the rest of the week . FML . 
E&C together again !!!! 
Why is there another Scream movie coming out ? It should have stopped at the second one . 
Road Warriors getting inducted . I can cosign that . 
I'm getting excited about the new Tough Enough . 
I still love me some Rock ! 
Sitting here at the desk , I've noticed that FAU has terrible posture . 
I just had to unfriend someone because their statuses irritated me so much . I didn't really like them anyway , so .... didn't really lose anything on that front . 
I hate waking up and not being able to breathe . 
Happy Birthday to the April Babies : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Thorn ! Have a great day U GUISE ! 
I just had to spent the last 10 minutes replacing almost a dozen ceiling tiles on my floor . Why ? What did my residents feel was necessary to look at ? 
The caf never fully cooks the sausage and bacon . Disappointing . 
Tell caf was supremely disappointing today . I haz a sad . 
I hate being so stressed that I can't sleep . 
feel like crap right now . I wish this semester would hurry up and end . 
Taking a nap . The only reasons I should be disturbed are :\ 
1 . Something in the building is on fire or catastrophically failing . \ 
2 . One of my residents is dying 
Sooooooooo ..... Who wants to get tickets to Wrestlemania in Miami April 1 , 2012 ? Main event : The Rock vs . < PROPFIRST > Cena . Let's get it in ! 
