i gotta figure out this facebook thing 

I think this is the second time ive been on here 
not much on my mind , just got done video chatting wih my daddy , and hopefully i can fall asleep soon . K well guess i'll talk to all ya'll the next time i get on which will probably next month lol 
Watch movies , drink hot tea , wear fuzzy socks and an oversized sweat shirt , wish I was with my < PROPFEMALE > bunches , go through some pictures of this year and past new years celebrations , make a new years resolution or some kind of declaration , talk to some of my favorite ppl ., put one foot in front of the other and start 2011 the best way I can . 
Happy New Year Facebok !! 
Crap I gotta go buy some calendars , uhhhh where can I go to get some besides walmart hmmmm ? Maybe this year I'll get me a sexy fireman calendar OOOOooooOOoO yeah 
i have learned more crap from being on facebook for 30 minutes than talkin on the phone for 6 hours WOW ! I have got to start using this damn thing 
Look people i'm still tryin to wrap my head around this whole facebook idea , i could use some help just have < PROPFEMALE > with me . 
Ha Ha Ha Ha .... 
Okay everyone sorry no Marley fest for me this weekend besides the weather is crap so I'm on my way to Funk town 
.......... At the airport ....... been here for 9 1/2 hours only 4 hours left . :/ 
Drinking Absolute gettin some work done .... sorry it's not 1800 dear but i'll upgrade soon enough ;) 
It's 4:30 in the a . m ..... why the eff am I still up I didnt take a nap today and i woke up early . :( I feel so lonely goshh !!! 
So i went to the rec today with < PROPFEMALE > and the kids .... I don't know how the hell we all you used to walk our asses up there , every other day . Especially me and the T . Hen and T . Hen no . 2 we lived like 2 < PROPMALE > away from that place . But the kids had fun i got some work done ... good family moment 
I hope I'm not up til 5 again today :( I wanna go to sleep 
maybe i should take somethin ........... hmmmm 
wow .... i just noticed how bored i was 
...... how bored i am 
I have so much work to do .... do i have to go to work ? 
This is my fourth day in a row that I've been on FB , I think i'm coming around :D .... And no Padre for me this weekend sorry girls 
Just finished at a bbq with a bunch of Mexicans hmmm let's just say it was interesting 
I can't sleep ... soon I'm goin to Wal-Mart lol 
Theirs more ppl in the killeen Wal-Mart than the heights Wal-Mart lol 
OMG ! I feel like good luck < PROPMALE > :( I don't get it ... 
Watching six degrees of separation ... never gets old , weird but good none the less 
At the movies with < PROPFEMALE > an the kids yay finally someone wants to go with me 
I'm so wet ..... and not in the good way :( 
Watching inception in imax in Alaska it better be good 
< PROPFEMALE > airlines is holding me hostage in Memphis :( ... the pilot said the door won't close so they had to get a part to fix it . An hour later he says they can't find the part and they have to take the door off and attach it closed on the plane . Sounds like some ghetto ish to me watch when we get to Texas the door won't come off 
so so sleepy :( 
I just noticed .... not even 60 seconds ago .... that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > plays in Rudy .... gimme a < PROPFEMALE > to IMBD him to verify lol 
It has been confirmed < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was in Rudy ... and in the Cell surprisingly lol in case anyone wanted to know 
SOOOOO my phone has no service :( i'm a do my hair real quick ( like real quick ) and then head to Ashleys to watch the boys ... hopefully once i get out the house I'll get service on my phone ... if you guys dont hear from me in a few days dont worry I just left and found my right mind and got the hell outta Killeen :) 
I started to do my hair and now i dont feel like it 
Watchin the little league world series with DJ < PROPFEMALE > is whooping that ass 
So today it was made abundantly clear that < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch ... my ultimate bitch . She has my back and really looks out for me . Now I am completely happy in my relationship and there's no one that could make me happier but hearing how < PROPFEMALE > had my back it has brought me joy and happiness today uhh I can sleep easy :D 
A Blue Waffle ???? Why the hell does my 12 year old cousin know of this ( Tllie , < PROPFEMALE > that would be your daughter ) ... We had to google it to know what it is and i dont wanna know anymore ... it hurt my eyes 
Lessierae is sitting , in her now clean house , chatting with her lovely sister , because everyone else doesnt have time for her . Listening to < PROPFEMALE > Keys , which is relaxing her , but shes starting to realize how sad she is becuase all the important people in her life are so far away ... She will be holding open auditions to replace these people next week :D 
YAY !!! UFC UFC UuuuuFfffCccc .............. 
Ufc at hooters no cover come join us 
Just got in from Hooters watched the < PROPFIRST > game with some friends pretty good night ... now watch some tv an go to bed 
......... is getting the erge to shop online somebody stop me 
uhhhh do i have to go to work .... 
should i go to mcdonalds real quick or just wait a little bit an order from < PROPFEMALE > garden 
16 plays 8 minutes .... nothing 
Today is my last day of bed rest . Last night i was allowed to get out the house and drive accompanied by my brothers of course but still let out . I still have to be medicated for the next few days but tomorrow i'll be out and about yay !!! Oh and i'm sorry to those of you who don't know the details but I imagine you don't know because either you didn't care enough to ask or it's none of your damn business 
The doctor told me to drink cranberry juice .... he didn't say I couldn't mix it with any alcohol 
Why do i try if my efforts get me no where :( I just want a break from everything . For someone to come ask me whats wrong and take care of it no questions asked and no explanations needed .... well thats not ever gonna happen but it was a nice thought new day new problems we'll see what they are in a few hours g'night 
So I just got done watching the Little Mermaid ( yeah I watch cartoons ) and idk if you guys remember it but this is how it goes ..... 
A delinquent 16 year old girl who is a problem child runs away from home , some grown ass man takes her in no questions asked doesn't alert authorities or try and contact her parents tries to seduce her , fails so he gets a new chick , whos probably just as young then throws her aside for < PROPFIRST > ....... 
...... Her dad comes to save her from all the corruption and almost gives up his life for her only for her to turn around and marry the guy who took her away in the first place ... SMH 
So not much else to do but browse fb ... and lucky me I ran into an old friend . We catch up for a little bit but it's one of those things where you see someone from your past and think of all the good times you had but ya'll had a bad falling out so it's a little awkward but when you see them now compared to the person you remember you think to yourself ... Gosh you look terrible ! 
look guys I do apologize .... but I'm not understanding this number game :( perhaps I could get a copy of the rules before you all send start sending me < PROPFIRST > 
#316 you my ni99a if you don't get no bigger ! LMAO you've been a great friend and I'm glad we could keep in touch over the years . I'm mad we couldn't kick it more but I'll be taking a road trip soon ... so YAY !!! 
#135 it's funny how we keep running into each other at the oddest times lol but you need to go ahead and cut the strings on your relationship and be the ni99a I know lmao 
#444 I can't remember the last time I've seen you but your a real ass dude , I'll never forget that . 
look people my number is not 556 , whos ever number is 556 you might wanna change it cuz my whole contact list just got that 
#1988 I had a crush on you in high school lol ! your still looking good btw , and I'm glad your still doin you 
#90210 Man you was my roll dog back in the day , my big brother , and I appreciate everything you did for me way back when . You always had my back 
#433 awwww < PROPFEMALE > we had so much fun way back when , when ever I did go to school lol and it's great to see you ever now and then and see your doing good and taking care of yourself 
#8 once upon a time we was cool , and had our fun , but we haven't talked in years so hope your doing okay now . 
#632 OMG I love you to pieces and I wish we could talk more . And I promise to come up there with the whole gang and see you real soon . Your family and don't ever think otherwise 
< PROPFEMALE > ( aka mom ): \So should I text you all the time ? \ " \ 
#478 HA too hood for me lol 
#254 uhhhh I remember Christmas about 4 years ago lol thats about it since then your not really in my memory anywhere 
#1800 your the best i ever had . Besides the fact your so far away I am crazy about you and I love you to bits 
I'm running out of books to read and I'm about to go in my cave and hide out for the winter , any suggestions on books I should pick up ? 
Today was a good day , well better than yesterday anyways . Did some online Christmas shopping for myself :) ... now what can I get a certain someone , that's in my budget . 
If you wanna really get to know someone ... read their fb lol . It can tell you alot by what is said and what is not said and things they try to conceal . Funny the events that transpire throughout the world of Facebook 
I'm watching The Immaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and < PROPMALE > Ledger died will filming this movie < PROPFIRST > Law , < PROPMALE > Farrell , and < PROPFIRST > Depp stepped in to finish the production and I can't imagine it with them . However weird it may be it's a good movie lol 
This time last year I remeber exactly what i was doing and I never expected a year later this is what would be going on . I'm trying my hardest to get the hell outta here but I keep getting knocked down . But don't give up on me yet I'll stop working and I won't give up not as long as I can stand on my own two feet . 
What I'm about to say I believe in my heart and soul . This belief is what made my wheels turn today ready for it .... people can't drive worth a damn and all of Mexico decided to get on 35 to go to Canada for the weekend and its making me late for my family Christmas dinner in Arlington ! Uhh get out of my way 
I can't wait to get this week over with I was really looking forward to Christmas but now I'm not so sure . I just hope the kids have fun 
\Oh < PROPMALE > how you tease us with your 10\ " .... Skating with the stars " 
I love to cuddle with my boyfriend 
Yesterday I was playing in the snow , today I'm walking in the rain ... literally :( ! I was hoping to come home and feel relaxed and at ease considering the great week I had away and the FANTASTIC Christmas with my < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats :) this is my reality I can't wait to change that though ... 
OMG !!! I gotta go to WalMart :( .... Can't one of you guys go for me 
Okay so who wants to be my first kiss of the new year ... anybody ? 
Can I be home at least 24 hours before things start falling apart :( I want my < PROPFEMALE > bunches of oats 
Holy BaH-Jeez .... I just wanna say to all my female friends I feel your pain , I don't like the fact that SC < PROPMALE > had an issue with manufacturing OB tampons but ladies there is NO REASON to pay 80 bucks for 3 boxes on ebay , you will be okay using a different brand for the time being gosh 
So anybody hear whats going on with the pink taco ? 
BROTHER'S WEEK !!!! If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , annoyed you to no end , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you are very proud to have in your life , then re-post this as your status .... \ 
D . C , K.D , an Jigga 
Omg in bed before 2 ! Yay sleep , yay sleep , YAaaAY SLEEP 
When I'm sad or in bad mood I watch sad movies or ones with bad ending so I see that other people are having a bad day too and it gives me a reason to have a good cry . Does anyone else do that ? 
Omg I think I'm gonna go to the mens restroom .... the line for the ladies restroom is way too long 
Broken Phone , don't know how it happened :( off to sprint I go to see if they can work their magic 
Nap time 
For every < PROPFEMALE > I write I take a shot ... When I start to fade in an out it's time to wrap it up and submit it lol 
Yesterday it was 80 degrees .... today it's snowing wtf ... freaking Texas weather for ya smh 
Hmmmmm to swim or not to swim ... I do believe I'll be hitting up the pool tomorrow morning after the gym MMMmmMmmmmMMMMMmm I can ' wait now ... I've put it on facebook so it has to be true , now it has to happen lol ! 
Hmm so where am I gonna go for food an gas when all the power is out in killeen 
Awww no pool today :( I'll go tomorrow 
So on hood there is real nice soft snow but as soon as you cross the gate its nothing but ice and hail smh 
There would be traffic when I have to pee really bad ... and blow my nose 
I'm sorry but if you have a 350z you don't go 60 mph on 35 ... you trade it in for a family car get out of my way and stop trying to be cool ugh 
Random vehicle inspection at the 79th st gate then I get caught by the 5 o'clock stand still horns now stuck in after work traffic thanks fort hood your the best 
7 am and 65 degrees .... fantastic .... traffic backed up from the main gate to harker heights .... not so fantastic 
1 month until Scream 4 .... are you excited ? lol 
I have just decided against yoga , it's supposed to relax you and clear your mind . Unfortunately for me if I clear my mind I'll forget everything I'm suppose to remember . Guess I'll take kickboxing ! 
To swim or not to swim ? 
I need some motivation in my life ! Lol 
Ephesians 1:3 \ 
3 Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , who has blessed us in Christ with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places . . . . #Bible http://j.mp/fSbTRR 
You know I really hate the doctors but when < PROPMALE > keep me in supply of hydrocodone and vicodine then it makes it not so bad 
Killeen is so small that if you dial the wrong number you'll still end up calling somebody you know ... smh 
My plate fell off the counter and broke the other morning a picture fell off the self and shattered ... hmm what's next ? 
Galatians 6:9 -10 \ 
9 And let us not grow weary of doing good , for in due season we will reap , if we do not give up . 10 So then , as we have opportunity , let us do good to everyone , and especially to those who are of the household of faith . #Bible http://j.mp/dJqyBx 
I'm wishing I could relive last weekend for a little bit longer :( reality sucks I wanna live in the dream world I created , with help from a very good friend fml 
I'm so tired I can't even runaway from my problems , I just gotta curl up in a ball and pull the blanket over my head and hope they don't see me ! ( fingers crossed ) 
A term for for sex .... pump pump sweet meat , per my grandmother 
Out of all the things I've loved and lost I think I miss my mind the most :) 
Come on guys it's only 4 in the am .... somebody has to be up in the funk ugh 
MAN ! Staying at grandma < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s house .... it feels so good , like I'm home ! This is what being at peace feels like ! 
