Very happy that < PROPMALE > was just informed he is now officially a full-time , PERMANENT state employee . :-) We are very excited for him . 

Home sick today , still not feeling well . 
Excitement is setting in , as it is now 7 days until we go on our 18 day New Zealand trip . 
Hey everyone . We are leaving in the morning for our 18 day New Zealand trip . We will have no access to a computer . We'll chat again at the end of September . 
It is now Thursday 9 September and we just arrived at the Northern tip of NZ's south island . Looking forward to our next 11 days , as we added an extra day up north . More than 350 photos in less than a week . We'll share them with everyone soon . 
Wow , we have gotten really lucky yesterday and today . We are staying at a place called Franz < PROPMALE > , which is a glacier on the Central West Coast of NZ . As I type , < PROPMALE > is walking on a glacier . My toe is killing me , so I couldn't go , but he is having a great time and taking lots of photos . Will post them all at the end of Sept when we get home . 
Today < PROPMALE > and I did a 8km round trip walk to the base of the glacier . Tomorrow we are off to Queenstown . Got some great photos of the glacier . Looking forward to sharing them all with everyone . 
Today < PROPMALE > and I are in Queenstown . We spent 30 mins at minus 5 ice bar . It was great . Tomorrow , cruise on the < PROPMALE > Sound . Saturday , we are spending the night in Larnach Castle , Dunedin NZ . 
Hi everyone . We are insleepy te anau tonight , and will take the next few days getting to Dunedin , where we will stay in Larnach Castle on Saturday night . Look forward to sharing the pics , as we went on a < PROPMALE > Sound boat trip right under 2 beautiful water falls . 
One more day off before I go back to work on Wed . 
Very excited . I'm on my brand new computer < PROPMALE > got me for my birthday . :-) 
Is excited bout a 4 day weekend . :-) 
Is getting excited about my birthday party on Saturday ( big 40 ) . 
Thoroughly enjoying my birthday . :-) < PROPMALE > sent me a dozen red roses and I am about to leave for a 3 day weekend . 
< PROPMALE > took me to the < PROPFIRST > Hotel for dinner this evening . It is one of our favourite restaurants , and then we went shopping for 2.5 hours to walk off the lovely meal . It was a tremendous birthday . :-) 
I've just finished one of my best birthdays ever , as < PROPMALE > and all of my friends threw me a wonderful surprise birthday party . :-) It was AWESOME ! 
< PROPMALE > and I are hosting everyone at our place this year for Christmas lunch . It should be a lot of fun . I'll introduce all these Aussies to an American Christmas ... no seafood for us , it will be a ham and a turkey all the way on Christmas Day . :-) 
less than 24 hours until Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . :-) Yay . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . 
Lazing around just enjoying our next week off work and sleeping in , staying up late playing WOW . 
Enjoying a very relaxing week with my hubby and friends . :-) 
Man , what a long first day back at work . Can we go back to holidays ? 
Yeah , the weekend is finally here . :-) 
enjoying 1 last day of a 4 day weekend then back to work for 4 days in a row 
Looking forward to having a great dinner with my wonderful husband on his 33rd birthday today . 
On facebook , at training , waiting for our lunch to arrive . Long day on fundraising database . 
Very excited that I just bought my plane tickets from New Orleans to Norfolk , < PROPFEMALE > for May . :-) 
ODU just pulled off a great upset in Round 1 of the Tournament . GO MONARCHS !!! 
< PROPMALE > and I are enjoying day 2 of our 9 day vacation , simple relaxation . 
Happy Easter everyone . < PROPMALE > and I had a good one over at Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s with lots of family . 
Gotta love this time of year in Australia . Lots of holidays , and a 3 day weekend . 
Just over 42 hours and I'm on my way to North < PROPFEMALE > . :-) Woo hoo . 
In Vancouver after absolutely the worst flight of my life . 
In Toronto for just shy of 24 more hours . Have 1 big reception to go , then off to New Orleans for 3 days , then to < PROPFEMALE > to see family & friends . 
A relaxing day of flying from Toronto to < PROPMALE > and finally to New Orleans for a relaxing weekend . Then Monday , I get to see the family . :-) 
Just over 30 hours left in New Orleans before back in < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait to see family and friends . 
Just arrived at my wonderful mother's home at MIDNIGHT . :-) Okay , so it is just over a day after mother's day , but it is still GREAT to see her . :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > Date 2010.0512 - 
Back home in Australia , safe and sound , with my hubby . 
Still sore from PT , have to work Saturday night , but looking forward to Sunday and Monday off . Thank god for the < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday , all of them . :-) 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE > Ribes Trivia night to raise money for her friends at Briz Brain & Spine , the < PROPFEMALE > supported by her friends who lost their daughter earlier this year . They raised almost $ 1,500 for the < PROPFEMALE > . Great job < PROPFEMALE > . I was happy to donate a prize and it was also great to see some of our trivia friends ( The Magnificent 7 - you know who you are ) . 
Just achieved my best 2 week weight lost since I was back from the US in May ( 2.25 kg or 4.96 pounds ) . < PROPMALE > and I are contuing our weight loss and excited . 
90 minutes of intense personal training last night , 45 minutes of swimming this morning . Man , are < PROPMALE > and I nuts ? 
< PROPMALE > and I are off to a nice relaxing weekend at the Sunshine Coast . Not back until Monday night , and NOT checking messages here . Have a great weekend everyone . 
< PROPMALE > and I are officially registered for our Personal Training Studios 6KM fun run on Dec 11 . Why do these things always have to be on the day after a big event . UQMS Grad Ball is the night before , and the run starts at 6 am . Not fair . 
< PROPMALE > was great today , staying back with me at the back of the pack on our 6 km fun run . He slowed his time considerably so I wasn't alone in last , but we did it . 1 hr 19 minutes for 6 km . Thank you , sweetie , for staying with me , despite being in last place . Love you . 
Hi Everyone ! Thank you so much for all the well wishes . I truly appreciate it , and sweetie , I LOVE all of the birthday presents . Thank you so much for being you and everything you do for me . I love you ! 
Thanks again , everyone . I still wish I was back in < PROPFEMALE > with all the snow today , as I do miss the snow . < PROPMALE > and I are going to lunch with a friend and then dinner at his cousin Adi's , with a personal training session thrown in the mix . :-) 
Thanks to all of my US friends . My b-day here yesterday was great . We spent today doing our second 6k walk in a week . :-) Missing the snow . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone from < PROPMALE > and me . We hope everyone has a safe and joyful holiday with their friends and family . < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > 
To all of my US friends and family . While the flooding in Queensland has been absolutely terrible ( 80% of Queensland is flooded , the size of approximately Germany and < PROPFEMALE > combined ) where we are in Brisbane is not , even though we have experienced a huge amount of rain over the past few months . Thanks for all of your thoughts and well wishes . 
Hi everyone . Our home is fine we have had no power since 3 pm . Will try to update some but not much juice on phone . Cht when we can . 
Is glad the power just came back on after being off for a little over a day . Our home is fine , and some of the flood waters in our neighborhood are receeding . Keep in mind that our home and both of us and the dogs are fine . :-) Thanks for all of your thoughts everyone . 
We got power back on earlier today after just over 24 hours without power . Floods on this side of Brisbane ( west and south ) make it nearly impossible for us to get into Brisbane , as the 3 main roads going into town are still cut off . Work is closed for both of us until next week , so we can soon start helping friends and family clean up . 
I am VERY proud of my husband who just found out this evening that he has been accepted into the Australian Volunteer Coast Guard . Congratulations , sweetie . You worked long and hard to get here and you deserve it . Love you . 
4 more days until we take < PROPMALE>'s birthday trip to Perth . We are both looking forward to exploring this city , which neither of us has ever been to . 
You have to love the internet and ESPN , as I can keep watch of my ODU Monarchs as they try to capture their 2nd consecutive CAA Champtionship . Go Monarchs . 
In less than 12 hours , we'll be on our flight to Perth for 5 days . :-) Chat with y'all next week . 
Okay peeps , we are off to the airport . Everyone have a great weekend . :-) 
We spent a beautiful afternoon in Perth walking for 1.25 hours at an amazing park just 6 minutes from our hotel . What a great start to our weekend . 
Loving Perth . This morning we are taking a double decker bus tour of the city and will take lots of photos , which we will post on Facebook . 
We spent anoter 5 hours today walking around beautiful Perth with our friend < PROPFIRST > . Got lots of exercise and some amazing photos . Hope you all are having a great weekend . 
What a wonderful day we have had for my beautiful hubby's b-day . Love you sweetie . Happy b-day . 6 hours of amazing walking in Perth CBD just enjoying ourselves and the sites . What a great last day of our holiday in Perth . 
Got back this afternoon from a wonderful birthday trip for < PROPMALE > to Perth . What a great 4 days we had in Perth . Beautiful city , but wouldn't want to live there . :-) 
Hi everyone . I've uploaded nearly 150 photos from our trip to Perth last weekend . You can view them in our album . I hope you all enjoy looking at them as much as we enjoyed taking them . < PROPFEMALE > , see if you can spot your name in the pics . 
We had a great 6k walk in the rain forests on the gold coast today . It was great , but exhausting . 
