I don't understand ....... 

sleepy and cold :( 
I hate christmas ! 
Getting people arrested is fun .... YAY ! lmao 
Two whole days in a row yippy 
Yay two days off in a row AGAIN whoot whoot 
I hate the snow :( sniffles 
blah 
Watching Sparticus : Blood and Sand . Freakin Awsome ! :) 
\They voluntered to be the first humans ace wrapped by martians ! \"" 
I'm off yayayayayay !!!!!!!!!!! 1 
My head will not stop hurting urrg :( 
I think i'm allergic to work . I get a head ache everyday i've gone this week weird . 
How I love thee , cinemax . You play jaws jurassic park and FEAST to entertain me . yay 
Just watched the most freakin awsome episode yet of Sparticus Blood and Sand 
My head WONT stop hurting :( sinuses suck ! 
Cause I'm a thinker .... Taps < PROPFEMALE > with idenx finger with miniachle wink . ;) 
I hate when you call a company get a machine for thirty minutes then they transfer you to a forigner who speaks bad English ! 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland was awsome ! 
Alone in the dark , Evil wil find you .... ooo .... oooo . oooooo a song from the chartoon < PROPFEMALE > ( i didn't spell cartoon wrong that's how my nephew says it ) 
Why will farmville NOT let me send gifts ? 
So you know what's really sad ? I sO ........ Just got why duece bigalo's first name is duce lmao . 
WTF is up with farmville ? Your game is out of sync please refresh your browser ? You suck get a life and stop playing farmville is more like it ! grrrr 
Just saw the season finale of sparticus ! Freakin awsome ! 
My head HURTS !!!!! 
Happy Cinco de Mayo ! HAHAHAHA I don't have to work on a beer holiday woopy ! 
I need 3 bottles and 6 boards to finish my Nursery Barn ! Please help :( 
I have a new slogan for the food city bilboard shayrn you man know what it says \ 
\Arbeit macht frei\ " If you want a quick history fact ask what it means . " 
My tootsies hurt :( sniffles . 
I hate being sick ! I think i may die :( 
I can eat solid food without my tummy stabbing me hip hip horay ! 
Goto\ 
your profile < PROPFEMALE > and scroll all theway down to the bottom . On the bottom\ 
left corner in little blueletters , click \English\ " When the language\ 
Sometimes you have to reach for your safe zone , or happy place , when I moved out and was at home alone in my apartment I found my happy place . When I couldn't sleep at night I would go lay on the couch and put in my favorite dvd it made me feel safe .... Is it a bad thing that that movie happens to be RESIDENT EVIL : APOCOLYPSE ? 
I <3 Encore ! There's a JAWS Marathon on for the 4th of July yippee ! 
Woot Woot for Jurassic Fight Club ! 
My head hurts :( But YAY for ghost hunters :) 
Vacation Vacation How I have missed you ! Frontierville peeps I need HELP ! I need EVERYTHING to build a school and I need to be hired by two people so I can get some tools . :) Thanks 
Thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes !!! 
Frontierville peeps ! I need help ! I need 3 ribbons and EVERYTHING to finish building an Inn please and thank you ! :) 
Frontierville people HELP ! I REALLY need a welcome mat and stuff to finish my inn . Hammers paint drills nails the works thanks ! 
I love days off 
Dinner for Schmucks was freakin halarious ! 
Frontierville people I need 4 more everything BUT bricks ! 
My head won't stop hurting :( But i do get to see some sexy vampires tonight YES ! 
I got a nap today omg ... I haven't actually slept since yesterday at 730 though so does it really count as a nap cause it was only like 4 hrs tops ? 
My car broke :( ........ AGAIN ! 
Got my car from the dr today spent 225 on a radiator but at least it runs now :) 
Resident Evil was awsome 
I hate being sick ehhhh ! 
R . I . P little altima :'( 
April can you plant me some sunflowers in frontiersville or someone cause i need to harvest 5 and unwither one . 
SO tired night ! 
Orderly : \ Dr. Seward Mcmanis over in the west wing is having a coniption fit again . \ 
Have I ever mentioned how very much I <3 Ghost shows ?! 
Frontierville peeps : I'm trying to finish a chicken coop , the lodge , and the toll booth . I could really really use any building materials for any of those please please please ! :) 
yay for thunder storms i <3 you ! 
i'm actually sleepy before 6am ? Must be the rain yawn . 
How do you know your old ....... When your excited about being off on halloween so you can stay in and watch ghost hunters live . 
Baroooooo ! It's cold in here ! 
hello frontierville neighbors :) I need three people to hire me on their frontiers and post share tools please so i can get some tools 
Have I told you Lately that ......... I love me some pixie stix ! 
Had to call the cops to take a 12 year old runaway boy home . Fun times at the fc . 
I need 5 people to come tend to my frontier please :) 
< PROPMALE > Potter here we come ! Well in like an hour yay ! 
If your on and play frontirville i need three more rodeo hats and chaps i only have 54 minutes ! Please Help ! :) 
I love thanksgiving food ! Yummy ! 
Saw Burlesque tonight it was awsome 
Baroooooo ! Its freakin cold ! 
It is not the apocolypse people ! Even if it was milk , bread , and beer will not help you !!! Please stop coming to the grocery store ! 
I cleaned my room yesterday . Very industrious of me :) 
?????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
It's Nieces Week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! 
So I had my eyes checked today ... Reading and computer glasses because I look at them too much . Least I'm not going blind yay ! 
\We got cows .... Nother cow . \ " \ " Actually I think that was the same one . \ " \ " Julia I got to go we got cows ! \ " God I Love this movie ! " 
Finally awake after nine hours of sleep , but still in a little pain . :( Watching Jaws to cheer up . 
Old Dogs is the most halarious movie ever ! 
OMG I so just saw a food city on a documentary about the a year in the life of this red neck couple they got married in the floral department by the pharmacist lol 
Before sponge < PROPMALE > there was Roco's Modern Life about a wallaby and a cow and a turtle possibly God i love this show .... it quotes awsome things such as soylent green lol it's great stuff ! 
