hope to make this a good year ... 

homework sux 
i'm supper bored ... 
homework SUX !!!! WHY DO TEACHERS TOURCHER US THIS WAY ?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Teachers need to get a life and stop giving us so much homework . 
i like these personality quizzes they're fun :) 
Personal affection is a luxury u can have only afterall ur enemies are eliminated . Until then , everyone you love is a hostage , sapping ur courage and corrupting your judgment - orson < PROPFIRST > card-empire 
remember that the most beautiful things in the worldare the most useless-John Ruskin , the stones of < PROPFEMALE > I 
by plucking her pedals you do not gather the beauty of the flower-Rabindranith Tagore \stray birds \"" 
some say the world will end in fire somesay in ice . from what i've tasted of < PROPFEMALE > i hold with those who favor fire . but if it had to perish twice , i think i know enough of hate to say that for destruction ice is also great and would suffice-robert frost- 
In secret we met -- In silence I grieve , That thy heart could forget , Thy spirit deceive . If I should meet thee After long years , How should I greet thee ? With silence and tears . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Lord < PROPMALE > ( 1788–1824)- 
Yay it's finally Friday !!! 
I officially HATE finals with a burning passion !!!!! 
anyone can lose one fight -million dollar baby- 
just got home from the ice hogs game and dinner .... well atleast they won and crapford didnt give it away ... 
gotta love softball ... even the phisical pain it causes :) 
going to < PROPFEMALE>'s house for movie night ... sould b fun ... :P 
does any1 know < PROPFEMALE > the genetics assignment for ferry's bio class is due ? 
just saw the movie the wolfman .... very gorry with lotsa fake guts and blood .... 
have u ever wondered how many people at your school get pregnant on valentines day ? 
I miss gymnastics soooo much it hurts :( 
time for idol lets c who makes a fool outa theirselves today 
Michigan hockey tournament ... soooo boring ... atleast we're winning ... 
grrrrrr .... research papers are the dumbest thing ever nobody ever reads them unless they have to anyway ! :P 
why must i b such a procrastinator ? 
gotta love tv dramas .... they always seem to make our lives seem simpler :P 
did u know that a one-minute kiss can burn 26 calories ? 
why is killing off the population addicting ? 
dont u just love being able to sit on ur couch and not do anything for once ? 
WOOHOO ! spring break ITS HOT outside :) and i can wear watever i want withought getting dresscoded :P 
it's nice y are we inside ? 
The pursuit of happiness is a most ridiculous phrase ; if you pursue happiness you'll never find it . 
There were lonely days , when her mind recalled promises not kept , and lonely nights , when her heart recalled promises not made . 
had a softball game tonight ... we lost badly ... the team didnt do so hot but i felt pretty good i guess ... i batted in two runs and scored myself ... that makes 3 ... we only scored 3 ... 
played Hononega yesterday ... we won !!!! i played pretty good ... had an amzing catch and hit in the game winning run !!!! hopefully we can pull off another win tomarrow ! go Harlem !!! 
last night was awesome ! 
going to a movie later :) i love weekends 
Go Harlem Freshman softball !!!!!! undefeated conference champs !!!!!!! :) 
The type of \friend\ " whose words or actions bring you down . ( whether you realize it as intentional or not ) The type of friend you ought to cut off but don't cuz ... they're nice ... good ... you've had good times with them . U know ... they're good people that you can count on to bring you down again sometime in the near future The person that will continue to bring you down until you demand better for yourself . " 
Love is like a violin . The music may stop now and then , but the strings remain forever . 
“If the eyes had no tears , the soul would have no rainbow” 
sometimes when you look back on ur past , and remember how happy you used to be , you cant help but become overwhelmed with sadness 
in Tennessee for the weekend ... yay 
Lyssophobia , the Fear of Going Insane 
Hedonophobia . the fear of feeling pleasure ... 
\Don't cry because you missed the sunset- your tears won't let you see the stars . \"" 
“People often say that motivation doesn't last . Well , neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily . ” 
“It is a curious thought , but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them . ” 
“We are all born ignorant , but one must work hard to remain stupid . ” 
~ George Burns ~ No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible . 
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent . 
A word to the wise ain't necessary -- it's the stupid ones that need the advice . 
Summer should not b boring ... so y do i have nothing to do ... 
\USA Today has come out with a new survey - apparently 
\Our eyes are placed in front because it is more important to look ahead than to look back \"" 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens ; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Keller 
We can't all be heroes because someone has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by . \ 
Will Rogers 
Reality is for those who can't handle Science Fiction . \ 
unknown 
Life is too important to be taken seriously . \ 
Love me when I least deserve it , because that's when I really need it . ” - Swedish Proverb 
Flatter me , and I may not believe you . Criticize me , and I may not like you . Ignore me , and I may not forgive you . Encourage me , and I will not forget you . Love me and I may be forced to love you . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
\ .. I ask people if an elephant has ever bitten them . Most of the time people say no . But everyone has been bitten by a mosquito . It's the little things that get us . \"" 
“You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore . ”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
“Yesterday is history , tomorrow is a mystery . And today ? Today is a gift . That’s why we call it the present . ”\ 
- B . Olatun 
“Use what talents you possess , the woods will be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best . ”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dyke 
just got done babysitting . had more fun playing with a 3 and 7 year old than i do hanging out with friends my age , kinda pathetic ... 
I love comedy !!! makes everything in life better ... 
The best kind of friend is the kind you can sit on a porch swing with , never say a word , then walk away feeling like it was the best conversation that you ever had . ” 
family sucks ... 
wondering if i should go to the national young leaders conference in washington dc 
just saw eclipse ! loved it !!! < PROPMALE > aka < PROPFIRST > sooooo HOT !!! < PROPFIRST > - shirt = ;p 
ever just want things to b different ? 
After Monday & Tuesday even the Calender says W T F ... 
We can never judge the lives of others , because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation . It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path , but it's another to think that yours is the only path . ” 
gonna watch bang bang ur dead ... 
game tonight . woopy :/ 
\The spaces between your fingers were created so that another's could fill them in . \"" 
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it . —Edith Sitwell 
. Be yourself ; everyone else is already taken . —Oscar Wilde 
Logic will get you from A to B . Imagination will take you everywhere . —Albert Einstein 
Before you go and criticize the younger generation , just remember who raised them . 
It’s better to keep your mouth shut and give the impression that you’re stupid than to open it and remove all doubt . 
watching the titanic sink .... so sad ... 
< PROPFEMALE > t to taco < PROPFEMALE > 4 lunch and < PROPFEMALE > i walked in the dude working in there wouldnt stop staring at me ! 
i love swimming :) it feels good . \ 
... if any1 want to come over to swim sometime let me know 
went to see despicable me today . it was cute :) 
am i the only 1 that doesnt watch soccer ? 
gotta love catching . its my fav . possition even though it likes to hurt me . had a game 2night and i am currently icing my knee due to the fact that it is swollen from being hit 
\ the good things people say about us are like a cool drink of water ; they are sweet and refreshing but last for a little while . the bad things people say are like fire ; they leave a burn that heals after a long time . \"" 
why must i b so bored ?... the end of the year can like never come soon enough , but then < PROPFEMALE > u finally get to summer its like hitting a brick wall , everything stops ... 
if anyone knows any good child charities near by let me know 
garage sale 2mrw ... stop by , u might find something u want 
i love night time ... and yet sometimes it can b the most lonely time ... 
lol i'm such a looser that < PROPFEMALE > i'm talking to 2 friends i make it a race in my head to c who will respond 1st . :P 
having a party woopie ... 
party was actually pretty fun ... even though i like pulled a muscle in my shoulder . got to play with an ity bity puppy :) ... babysitting bright and early . i'll remember 2 bring a change of clothes this time , just incase the boys feel the need to drench me again :P 
babysat today ... getting pretty close to having earned all the money i had stolen from me ... game very soon ... hopefully we kick but ! :P 
we won our game yay ! hurt myself again so figure :P ... o well idt its that bad this time ... hopefully 
Your life story would not make a good book . Don't even try . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Lebowitz 
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once . \ 
Unknown 
Never get into fights with ugly people because they have nothing to lose . \ 
Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung . \ 
Voltaire 
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty . \ 
Norm Crosby 
dentist + fillings = grrr .... :( 
I CAN FINALLY FEEL MY FACE !!! 
going to the movies tonight ... hmmm wonder wat i'm gonna c ... 
saw the movie Inception tonight . LOVED IT !!! i think its one of my new favorites :D i think the only thing that would have made it better would have been having someone arm to hold ... i tend to grab things in intense situations .... 
i hate < PROPFEMALE > ur stomache feels like its trying to explode 4 no reason watsoever ... :( 
i fail at everything ... 
hopefully painting my room 2mrw ! :) 
i miss being a little kid ... 
grrrr ... i suck at sight reading 
my mom just told me i should b < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 4 holloween ... 
my mom just told me i should be < PROPFEMALE > parton 4 holloween ... lol 
game tonight hopefully we kick some butt :P 
we won our game yay ! :) i beasted it up 2night :P finishing painting my room 2mrow i love it ! 
done painting my room ! i love it purple !!! good day today ... :) 
chillin with my cuz 
soooo tired ... 
people keep asking .. r u ready 4 school to start ?. we'll heres my answer . yes i'm ready to c my friends and b social again . no i'm not ready for a waste of time doing hw . 
listened to the song Ironic a < PROPFEMALE > . ago ..... ahh those were good times ... 
saw < PROPFIRST > St. Cloud with < PROPFEMALE > Paxon tonight :) good movie . good time 
won our game today :) playing for 1st 2mrw ! got sunburned ... hopefully its not as hot as today . catching doesnt make it any cooler either 
ok ... so somehow my bro just accidentally set the lawn mower on fire ... lol :P 
party last night was amazing ! got my schedual today and it looks pretty darn good . txt me and we can compare ! :) 
“Deep in my heart I'm concealing things that I'm longing to say . Scared to confess what I'm feeling - frightened you'll slip away . ” from the movie < PROPFEMALE > 
“Tears are words the heart can't express” 
i cant believe i'm saying this ... but i'm going to a Bares game tomorrow ! 
had an amazing time in Chicago yesterday with < PROPMALE > and his parents ! :D 
just saw step up 3 it was really good ! :D 
going to California tomorrow !!! 
just got home from San < PROPFEMALE > .!!! so glad to b back .... i think the only thing i miss i jail :P :D i loved it there !!! my rents r now concerned about my mental health :P 
golf today ! got to play with my bestie < PROPFEMALE > McCormick ! also played with Amealia ? she pretty kool ... go Sophmores !!! 
so much i want to do ... so little time b4 school starts to do it ! 
First golf match of the season 2day ... leaving in a couple hours ... hopefully we can attempt to kick a little bit of Boylans butts :P 
done with our match today ... didnt play so hot .. hopefully 2morrows game goes better ... 
whew so much golf ... y do i play this sport again ? 
mabey going to the fair tonight .... 
had a great day :) went golfing with < PROPMALE > and then we came back to my house and went for a swim :) 
sigh * .... real day of school tomorrow ... like seeing everyone again ... lol even if they dont like seeing me :P 
sooo not ready for making my brain work again .... golf sucks ... i hate having to miss class ... wen i barely even know wat we'll b doing ... 
had a great day with < PROPMALE > yesterday :) totally kicked his butt at minni putting and go carts :P 
Is it the weekend yet ?... waking up early is killer ... we really need nap time 
had a great night with < PROPMALE > on the wonterfront yesterday :) 
waterfront with < PROPMALE > l8r should b a blast ! :) 
got my flute back , got my new clubs , and thinking about my guy .... great day :) 
very long day today ... hope the rest of the week goes faster ... rele wanna c the movie easy A this weekend ... 
head colds suck sooo bad !!!! 
i love weekends ! :) 
good times ... lol ... walking backwords down the hall during marching band telling < PROPFEMALE > to shut up before i plume her ... ( little did i know that the marching band line was in the process of stopping ) i totally run into the oboe player in front of me ... ooops .... tomorrow should be a blast ! :) then HOMECOMING !!! :D cant wait 
homecoming was amazing !!! Had a blast ! sooo much better than last year ! thx < PROPMALE > ! :) 
I love band kids lmao ... good times .... and Erik ... my butt still hearts :P 
Just thinking about tomorrow makes me wanna fall over ... 
being dead and then comming back to life rele takes a LOT ! outta you ... 
nicht eine gut wocheneda ... 
does anyone know what exactly we're supposed to put in the error analysis for the gas lab in chemistry ? 
ugh school ... i'm so tired of it already ... well atleast tomorrow is fri ... and i'm going to the blackhawks game tomorrow night ! yay :) 
party tonight !!! gonna b a blast :D 
Just finished my essay for english ... so glad i'm done ... but man what a waste of my day off ... 
thanks for all the b-day wishes guys !!! :) love ya'll . Its been a great day :) 
i\m officially licensed ! beware :P lol :D " 
Thx for making my party amazing guys !!! lov ya ! :) 
going to pick up < PROPMALE > soon ... then dinner at g-mas :) 
ugh ... school tomorrow ... i love weekends but it's sad when they end 
i love weekends !!! 
grrr ... how i despise homework ... 
sooo ready for the weekend ... gotta see the foot doctor on thurs . ugh ... 
just saw < PROPMALE > Potter ! 
autophobia : the fear of being alone 
wish something exciting would happen .... 
I'm soooooooooooooo bored !!! 
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn’t . —Erica < PROPFEMALE > 
had a great time today :) 
rele dreading going to school .... i need a rele long break now i dont wanna wait till christmas :/ 
“The difference between school and life ? In school , you're taught a lesson and then given a test . In life , you're given a test that teaches you a lesson . ” 
“Don't worry about life , you're not going to survive it anyway . ” 
“Life is like a piano ... what you get out of it depends on how you play it . ” 
“If life gives you a bowl of lemons , go find an annoying guy with paper cuts” 
school it soooo boring ....... can we have break already ? 
i'm craving sweet pickles right now .... 
the shower is calling my name ... 
conjugemous is finally done ... so thats one thing i wont have to do tomorrow ... yay 
wow its uber hard to play the piccolo at any volume but loud .... good thing no ones home :P 
why must my knees hurt me so much ? 
well school pretty much sucked today ... hopefully tonight and tomorrow are better ... 
well all i have to say is atleast u didnt drive into a ditch .... hopefully i get my car back by friday ... 
anybody else procrastinating on their english essay ? 
i finished my essay !!!!... and it is beastly ... that is all 
i was just told that i'm not allowed to own peguin boxers ... :( 
i want the weekend :( 
i miss < PROPMALE > already :( 
got my car back !!!!... pep band tonight :) 
night is a sad book ... 
“It takes a minute to have a crush on someone , an hour to like someone and a day to love someone - but it takes a lifetime to forget someone . ” 
does anyone know how to do this stupid lab report ? 
going to c tangled soon :) 
seriously need help writting this lab report ... 
soooo bored !!!! 
just got back inside from skating on my icerink ... felt good but now i'm cold and sore :P 
YAY band concert is over :) ... chem test tomorrow ... ugh .... just gotta get through two more days !!! then my bf will b home :) 
i love miss congeniality :) 
“Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while , so that we can see Life with a clearer view again . ” 
feel < PROPFEMALE > much better after seeing < PROPMALE > :) 
i love christmas :) 
h8 it < PROPFEMALE > people dont txt me back :( 
just made cookies and wrapped some more presents ... now i have nothing to do .. 
A < PROPFEMALE>'s not a < PROPFEMALE > ' til you ring it A song's not a song ' til you sing it Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay Love isn't love ' til you give it away ! ” 
“At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person . Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us . ” 
i love inception :) 
finally got my new laptop :) 
gotta love that squeaky clean feeling after a long hot shower :) 
the boy in the striped pajamas is very sad :( ... 
massage tomorrow !!! its gonna b great ! it is impossible for me to feel bad after massages :) 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ” 
“Never waste a minute of your precious life by squandering it thinking about people you don't like” 
didnt get to see < PROPMALE > today :( ... and i rele rele rele dont wanna go back to school yet .... 
“Life lives , life dies . Life laughs , life cries . Life gives up and life tries . But life looks different through everyone's eyes . ” 
“You can live a lifetime and , at the end of it , know more about other people than you know about yourself” 
“To dare to live alone is the rarest courage ; since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field , than their own hearts in their closet . ” 
keep getting dizzy and cant sleep ... woohoo this is gonna b a great night for me ... 
“People who say they don't care what people think are usually desperate to have people think they don't care what people think” 
“Wise men speak because they have something to say ; Fools because they have to say something . ” 
“Love is like a friendship caught on fire . In the beginning a flame , very pretty , often hot and fierce , but still only light and flickering . As love grows older , our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals , deep-burning and unquenchable . ” 
“Good friends are like stars .... You don't always see them , but you know they are always there” 
i'm ready for friday now ... 
yay tomorrow is fri ! :) ... awww i gots four tests :( 
“We say we love flowers , yet we pluck them . We say we love trees , yet we cut them down . And people still wonder why some are afraid when told they are loved . ” 
“If you are cold at night , let the promise of my love cover you like a warm blanket” 
“Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down . ” 
my poem for english sucks ... mabey i'll try again later ... 
hmmm what is a good concrete object that would describe me ? 
“Smile , even if it's a sad smile , because sadder than a sad smile is the sadness of not knowing how to smile . ” 
“Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not ; and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad . ” 
Be yourself ; everyone else is already taken . ” 
you're like my own personal brand of heroin <3 
i'm ready for summer 
i will be < PROPFEMALE > happy when finals are over so i can enjoy my free time again ... 
wooooh !!! blackhawks r winning ! :) .... 
“I always knew looking back on my tears would bring me laughter , but I never knew looking back on my laughter would make me cry . ” 
“The soul would have no rainbow if the eyes had no tears . ” 
Blackhawks win !!! :) 
for everyone in mrs. holmgrens honors english class : dont forget your turnitin.com assignment :) ur welcome 
cant wait till finals are over and i can have a life again ... 
hmm i wonder how everyone is going to do on mrs. sopers geometry final ..... i rele need atleast a c ... 
i dont wanna study ! 
“Stress is when you wake up screaming and you realize you haven't fallen asleep yet” 
“Brain cells create ideas . Stress kills brain cells . Stress is not a good idea . ” 
“Sometimes when people are under stress , they hate to think , and it's the time when they most need to think . ” 
i hate finals with a passion ! 
ever feel like u just wanna crawl up in bed and sleep for days ? 
i think i'm the only person who actually wanted there to be school today ... 
bored outta my mind ... 
i hate having nowhere to go and nothing to do ... :/ 
ooops i 4got to get my stuff for english ... i guess its a good thing we have more finals tomorrow :P 
today went on 4ever !.... but my head doesnt hurt anymore :) thank you drugs 
i need a break 
oh how i despise persuasive research papers ... even if they are on hot topics ... 
i love spending time with my bf :) 
wow thats just lovely ... i decide to do my hw now since i dont wanna do it later ... and it's not even online for me to do :/ 
I LOVE \STICK IT\ " !!! ONE OF MY FAV . MOVIES EVER ! " 
If you like falling , then gymnastics is thee sport for you ! You get to fall on your face , your ass , your back , your knees , and your pride ! It's a good thing I didn't like falling ... I LOVED IT ! \ " , 2011-02-02 04:54:18 " 
If you like running full-speed towards a stationary object , vault's for you . If you like pealing pieces of skin the size of quarters of your hands ... bars is for you . Because the only thing more fun then rips , is when your rips get rips . It's super sexy . And floor , are you serious , I mean who doesn't want to parade around in a leotard getting wedgies and doing dorky choreography ? It's delicious . 
Man , why do you always have to bite my moment ? Did it taste good ? -\ 
[ Slurps ] Delicious . 
why must i be in sooooo much pain !?!.... it's not fair :( 
i hate having people over .... its makes me angry 
definitely just finished my source cards ... 
lol my mom just told me that i'm allowed to give my boyfriend a kiss on valentines day :P 
i could use a good nap about now .... 
nothing like being in the middle of a hatefest .... :'( 
good party and i got an A on my chem test ... good day :) 
being sick sucks :( 
oh it's sooo good to be home ! :) i will not watch another hockey game for a very long time .... sooo tired of it 
great concert :) ..... go band geeks ! wish i was hanging with my peeps tonight but i just dont feel up to it hopefully i will fri . though ;) 
crappy day ... glad its over .. hitting went well alteast ... 
kinda wanna see a movie ... 
“Sadness is always the legacy of the past ; regrets are pains of the memory” 
pep band tonight :) 
does anyone now how in the world to tpye a thesis in phrase from ? 
grrrrr ..... 
well i got all of my important homework done i took a shower ... i feel accomplished ... 6 am practice tomorrow , so i guess i better call it a night :) 
i wanna go to the movies ! 
hmmm think i might write some more of my research paper since i forsee no time in my imediate future to actually do it .... 
actually finished my research paper ... i feel accomplished :) 
soooooooo much softballl = no free time .... oh well it makes me happy when it's not killing me ;) 
brothers b-day party tonight ... oh joy ... just love being home with a bunch of hormonal little 8th graders .... 
i'm bored outta my mind .... 
awful day ... alright practice ... good batting lesson .... altogether not so good :( 
woohoo ! hw is done :) and and and TOMMARROW IS FRIDAY !!!...... now time for bed :) 
my pinky finger is in rough shape :( ... its all swollen and bruised all over 
paper is done ! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
dont wanna do hw ... dont think tests should legal ... want break to be here now 
hope i do good on the chem . test tomorrow ... one more day ! 
OMG I GOT AN ALTO FLUTE !!! 
going to pick up my flute then hanging with my peeps :P 
long day/night ... glad to be home ... sad to be alone 
ah long hot showers make everything better .... wonder if i ; m doing anything fun tonight .... 
should prolly write my speech .... but i dont rele feel like it ... 
tired ... bored ... in need of sleep 
guess i should get the rest of my speech done .... oh joy 
alright day today ... thats all i have to say ... oh and now time for hw :( 
