Forced into signing up for this .... crap 

Was called an amazing photographer , and layout designer ... yay me 
HOORAY Both OSU AND Bengals won ... good weekend 
Way to go dad for making it after 20 years !!!! 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Henry .... Never forget 
Just jumped off my garage roof , loads of fun ! :) 
Yay the semester is almost over !!! 
Just watched both my dad and my brother run out in the snow without socks or shoes ... hahaha 
Damn Jets 
How in the world am i already 17 ? 
There Ain't No Rest For the Wicked 
http://zemmels.net/zarazemmels/parental_advisory.html 
Just got back from Jamestown , just bowled my highest game , go me :D 
To live life , is to love the ones that are close to you , love the ones who love you , laughing at yourself , when no one else does , and to go through life without a doubt , knowing that you can survive , if you have someone there with you . 
The ones that love you , seem to confuse you the most , if you love someone , they should be happy , but thats not always the case , if you love someone , they should you love you back , but thats not always the case , if you love someone say it to her/him every single day , no matter the situation , put a smile on the person that you love , and just maybe , they will return the favor . 
Lose one friend .... Lose all friends ..... Lose Yourself 
If love and Hate are strong words , and we don't like to throw them away , but we say the F word like its nothing 
Ridin ' Paseo , not in the day though , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > the day , but then roll out when the day go , \ 
Ridin ' away yo pain and sorrow , \ 
Live for today cause you might not see tomorrow \ 
Ruggish are red and violets are blue , \ 
And we all get purple rain when you put together the 2 
So my Facebook account was disabled , and i wasn't allowed on Facebook for almost 2 weeks , so I e-mailed them , and they said whoops we disabled the wrong account , wow , good job 
Sometimes the things that may or may not be true are the things a man needs to believe in the most . That people are basically good . That honour , courage and virtue mean everything that power and money ; money and power mean nothing . That good always triumphs over evil . And I want you to remember this that love ; true love never dies Doesn't matter if it is true or not , a man should believe in those things 
Sometimes the things that may or may not be true are the things a man needs to believe in the most . That people are basically good . That honour , courage and virtue mean everything that power and money ; money and power mean nothing . That good always triumphs over evil . And I want you to remember this that love ; true love never dies Doesn't matter if it is true or not , a man should believe in those things 
I miss my friend ... 
live for today cause you might not see tomorrow 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! =D 
