Don't drink and drive -- and don't ride with anybody who does . Tipsy Tow offered by AAA : You don't have to be a AAA member from 6pm-6am on new years eve/day they will take your drunk self and your car home for FREE . Save this number ... 1-800-222 4357 . Please re-post . 

Today was nice . I got to spend some time this afternoon with my best friend , and I had the house all to myself today ! Just me , the cat , and the birds . And no TV ! I needed that bit of quiet time . 
The cold that's been chasing me for a week finally caught up to me . Just when I'm trying to finish up all my computer classes at school . I have 3 tests to take by Friday so I can get my certificates . Why couldn't I have gotten sick NEXT week ?! 
I got some fantastic tangerines at the Farmer's Market today . They are really sweet and tasty . They're really small , though , like little orange golf balls . I had to eat about 4 of them before my stomach realized that I'd just had a snack . 
Father's\ 
Day is approaching . Yellow roses grow in heaven , Lord pick a bunch for\ 
me . Place them in my father's arms & tell him they're from me . Tell\ 
him that I love & miss him . When he turns to smile place a kiss \ 
upon his cheek & hold him for awhile , because remembering him is \ 
easy , I do it every day . There's an ache in my heart that will never go \ 
away . If your Dad is in Heaven , copy & paste . 
is wishing I could turn off my emotions 
Thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes ! 
Good judgment comes from experience , and often experience comes from bad judgment . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Brown 
When I went to check on my birds this morning I found out that my green-cheeked conure , DJ , had died . He was a big personality in a small body ; he was my < PROPMALE > who sat on my shoulder as I did things around the house . I don't know if non-bird people will understand , but I'm going to really miss him . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my family and friends ! 
Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , because that's no fun . Then I can't leave a word about you !... 
Okay , time for a game - So , you and I wake up in a Mexican jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well ... Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think .. 
