Take the high road , or the low , but some never choose . Be the good guy , or the bad guy , but either way , you lose . 

I woke up to < PROPFEMALE > rays of imagination shining through my < PROPFEMALE > window of perception . 
I'm goin ' to bed . G ' night , ' y'all . 
It's amusing that it begs the question , \What's on your mind ? \ " My response : \ " What mind ? \"" 
really needs to get a life because he is on Facebook at 3:36 A.M. 
wants very badly to bring a kitten into a Chinese buffet and drop it into one of the food trays . 
Peace of mind is thusly a mere consequence of confrontation of forbidden memories . 
I must now take a very symbolic crap to release the waste I've held back for awhile . 
If I leave here tomorrow , would you still remember me ? For I must be travelin ' on now , there's too many places I've got to see . 
Does he have a mind ? Can he see , or is he blind ? 
Somewhere a clock strikes midnight , there's a full < PROPFEMALE > in the sky . You hear a dog bark in the distance , you hear someone's baby cry . A rat runs down the alley , and a chill runs down your spine . Someone walks across your grave , and you wish the Sun would shine . 
I pity my mirrored figure , laughing at me from across the abyss into the emptiness that has become me . He races me along the edge of doubt , always hoping he will win out against the better half of our existence . Yet I will win against me . Half of me must die someday . 
And to think , the strongest inspiration usually comes in the deepest hours of the night . Dreams seem to burn out and fade away in the ever-impending rays of light . I don't want things to change , because happiness is strange . 
I love to love the loving loveliness of your love . My love , I find you quite lovely , and I cannot wait but to make love to love songs , and to love the loving loveliness of our love of love . \Love\ " is an all-too commonly used expression ... " 
I stared at the Sun , I didn't want to see ... the sky is cloudy when you aren't with me . 
I hear your heart beat , I feel your pain . Let loose the demons of the past and be free from your guilt . 
just came to the conclusion that < PROPFIRST > couldn't hear < PROPFEMALE>'s thoughts because there weren't any whatsoever . 
In the end , death is the ony true outcome . As we grieve our eminent demise we wish to go back , to undo what cannot be undone . A new generation comes to power , and we fail , unable to change with the times . In this , we have the choice of whether to make the most of our life , or to despair at the hands of blunt reality . Yet life is much too precious . 
< PROPFEMALE > my head I want to drown my sorrow , no tomorrow , no tomorrow . I find it rather funny , I find it rather sad , l the dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had . 
is now going to exercise vigourously , in both mental and physical activities . 
I have become a monster of insatiable hunger for life . devouring all the zombies which roam the land . 
You left my embrace , and all too soon ; now I've nothing but to howl at the < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'll tear my heart out , before I get old . I'm not going to let the Sun turn cold . 
\It's over so soon ?! \"" 
It is the most subtle , gentle touch which can cause the most pain . It feels invigorating , almost as if to bring me back to life . 
Another day at school ... I must brace myself once more for the interrogation of my peers and the tension of academic competition . 
Everday , I live a lifetime . With every breath , I breathe new life into the next waiting day , where the stains of the conscience can be wiped clean by falling tears . With every twinge of pain , I fight off the demons which reside within me , waiting to feast upon my doubt . Yet I can't die that easily , nor do I wish to be immortal ... so I must suffer emptiness in the arms of fate . 
This'll be my one < PROPMALE > , my one escape to a better life , one filled with carefree Summers and gentle rainfalls . Time will be meaningless . 
< PROPMALE > was hungry ... < PROPMALE > ate three servings of chili spaghetti ... < PROPMALE > no longer hungry ... etc ... 
is not available at the moment ; please leave a message after the tone . 
Oooh , look : A bleeding ulcer in my conscience ... 
I wuv u , doobeegoo ! 
So silent , so violent , we have no song to sing . We're so dumb , and so numb , marionettes on strings . 
I feel very heavy ... air too thick too breathe ... light too bright to see ... 
Take or leave it as you please , for I am impassive to your demons and desires . 
is enjoying the rain , whilst wondering where his weekend has went . Time flies when you're having fun ... ;) 
YIPPEE !!! 
When I say that something , I hope you'll understand . When I say that something , I wanna hold your hand . 
Peaceful naps under the afternoon Sun , a gentle breeze , pleasant dreams to accompany me ... life is good . 
I'm such a terrible person ... muahahaha ! 
I am also growing quite scared of the wind . 
You can have your petty grievances , and we may fight about nothing from time to time , just remember that we are very different people , and we each have our own lives to deal with . So please , don't assume you know me and make a fool out of all of us . I don't want to live in fear of people , I want to be able to live simply . I cannot do so when people I don't even know are trying to enforce their opinion upon me . 
I cannot wait to show myself how wrong I can be . 
I'm going to my granparents ' house tonight , I will be back home tomorrow afternoon . Message me if you need anything . 
I'm going off for the night , sweet dreams to everyone ! 
Good morning , everyone ! Happy Mother's Day to all the hardworking maternal figures out there ! 
Argh , poetry assignment ... going to take a quick shower , then it's back on for more ... 
My mind is absolutely D-E-A-D ! 
I'm not a friend , so I'll just pretend that I can give you hope . I'm not a friend , but in the end , I'll be wearing the neckalce of rope . 
You can tell me , it's not the end , but I know that deep down inside , you've really lost all faith in yourself , so don't spare my feelings , don't have regrets , your lvoe can truly be a bit parasitic . 
is going to go rise awake . Good morning , noone ! 
I'm not the one to blame , for your feelings of restraint . 
had a rather rejuvinating nap . \We don't care what you think of us ; we simply want happiness . \"" 
The end is near ... 
Late at night , have you heard ? There’s machinery in the walls . With a fright , not a word , And another victim falls . I have seen many thingsWhich aren’t exactly just . They are mean , on routine , Let the gears jam and rust . Here I am , big deaf man , Hearing every word you say . Fearful man though I am , I know what happens after day . Try to hide , no escape , Nothing but forgotten lies . Trapped inside , mental rape . Go ahead and wear disguise . 
Deep down , people are not the monsters they sometimes appear to be on the outside . We all want the same things in our lives , we just have different ways of getting them . I would like to thank all of my friends for being there for me when I've need them ; you have all rekindled my faith in the good of humanity , time and time again . 
I will go thither to thou soonest enough . 
Good morning , world , what have you got for me today ? 
Hmm , Sunday morning ... what to do ? 
is inside a house with three elderly , gossipy and annoying women . Worse still , theya re sisters . 
Such a boring day ... sigh ... 
Off , completely gone , it seems ... i'm gone , away in my land of dreams . 
When reality finally catces up to you , be prepared . Be content with what you have . Don't reach out for what's not there . Friends will come and go , but all that matters is that we can keep ourselves amidst the chaos and struggle of life . 
has had a rather eventful day . \Why can't we let bygones be bygones and let them move on ? \"" 
is looking at a scrapbook of his future memories , whilst reminiscing the things that could be . 
I am me , I am you , we are them and they are two , walking peacefully in forgotten lands , young again and holding hands . When we see the pain , the hurt and truth , lead us to the fountain of youth ! I am me , I am you , we came running after you . ~ P.T. 
\Iris\ " by The Goo Goo Dolls . " 
If I was stranded on an island with strangers , I would most likely be the last one to be eaten . ( Hairy people +1 ) 
is going to a CM band banquet and will be back later . 
Spent my life , looking for answers I couldn't find ... you're a cancer , cancer of my mind . 
It never ceases to amaze me that the human mind has such complexity , yet can rarely achieve a sense of < PROPFEMALE > . Hopes , doubts , comforts , worries ... they all seem to be an endless symphony of chaos and disorder , perfectly balanced in that the casual listener shall never observe the true undertones of the instruments within . 
When you wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > , makes no difference who you are , every thing your heart desires will come to you ... 
The < PROPFEMALE > swallows up the darkness , guiding lost children through the night . We find our way by light of day , yet find ourselves in the < PROPFEMALE > lit night . 
I buried my memories under the ground , daisies on their grave . I want to be lost and never found , but my feelings are your slave . 
I'm going to rape this weekend for all it's worth . 
Gone fishing . 
Good morning , everyone ! Graduation ceremony later , then my friend's grad party afterwards . 
had a great time with tonight with his friends , and is looking forward to a great summer . Good night , everyone ! 
Good morning , everybody . I'm not doing anything whatsoever today , so message me if you want something . 
I'm going to go play outside in the rain . If I get struck by lightning , I'd rather be cremated . I dislike the idea of claiming a spot of land as my own for all eternity . 
My mind is buzzing , of unspoken words , relenting upon the truths of yesterday's sorrows . Are you my friend or enemy ? Who is to say ? 
Rookie Day was rather fun ... unfortunately , they are more mature than myself . I suppose it is for the better . 
Perhaps going out for a midnight walk in the rain ... Goodnight , everyone . 
\Sunshine of Your Love\ " by Cream . " 
got home from two band practices ... and is rather banded out for the day . 
Don't worry , be happy ! * blows head off * 
I <3 blanksheetmusic.net 
The music is going really strong right now , thanks to a lot of inspiration that has come my way recently . 
In early 20th century < PROPFEMALE > , it was fashionable for madamoiselles to wear lightning rods secured to their heads . Personally , I think it was a Freudian conspiracy . 
Installing the new awning above the back deck ; just finished ssetting the concrete for the ground posts . * flexes muscles * I feel manly . 
Farewell , my wonderful little cyber universe . 
is officially finished with school . If you take summer one day at a time , it'll go by less quickly . 
The sky is blue , I am not ... it's going to be a good day ! 
I bet you're wonderin ' how I knew , ' bout your plans to make me blue . With some other guy you knew before , out the two of us I love you more . Took my surprise I must say , but I found out yesterday . Ooh , I heard it through the grapevine , how much longer would you be mine ? Ooh , I heard it through the grapevine , and I'm just about to lose my mind , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > yeah ... 
has taken a walk in the woods . 
Whoa , eight hours out in the Sun is rather unhealthy for me . Oh , well ... I suppose I'll have to live and learn . 
I'm going to bed earlier tonight , most likely . I've been doing roofing eight hours a day for the past couple days . So far , $8 an hour times 16 hours = $128 . Which means I am winning against < PROPFEMALE > Whitaker by a long shot . Hooray !!! 
Hooray ! The roof is leaking ! This is fantastic ! * sighs * Aside from the rain , it's going to be a good day . My lovely girlfriend is coming over , so I'm unable to be unhappy , at least . 
Flying , falling in an eternal < PROPFEMALE > . Dying , drifting , all hope is gone . Mother pushed you out of the nest , you're on your own , all alone . May these < PROPFEMALE > wings < PROPFEMALE > me home . I can't be free , if I can't see the light of the Sun . Yet , alas , the storm has won . 
expected a bit of R&R today , but did more physical labor instead . 
has completed his morning exercise routine , which consists of aerobic stretches , sit-ups , pull-ups , and a fast-paced jog around the fields . 
It's only one week into summer break for me , and I'm already losing my sense of time . 
hears creepy , sinister music in his head consisting of many oohs and ahs , minor chords , trills , and a 3/4 time signature . He will most likely be haunted by this music all night , working tirelessly on his synthesizer to improvise the < PROPFEMALE > he has composed with such inspiration and spotanaeity . 
To all people who suffer from photosensitivity : Don't go outside today ; it's way too fucking bright . End of story . 
I've recently come to the conclusion that if someone truly loves you , they will have the strength to let you go , even if it pains them greatly to do so . Through my personal struggles , I've learned to accept these things . Often times , it is only our own feelings which lend us vulnerable to spiritual starvation , and this is why it's best for me to not try to appease my hunger with emptiness . 
The past is a terrible demon , baring it's teeth , roaring and shrieking in the depths underneath . 
\Someday Never Comes\ " ~ CCR " 
I've always wondered why the sky turns grey , perhaps the Sun ain't here to stay . Over those lost and lonely years , I found passion in my fears , and I've learned and realized , to wear my familiar disguise . Nobody knows you when you're true , nobody knows you when you're you ... 
I may be having a bonfire tonight at my house with < PROPFEMALE > Whitaker . I'm keeping my fingers crossed ! If not , then there's always Sunday evening . If not , then I'll be at band practice until late tonight . Hopefully , we'll actually get something finished this time , ha . 
had a wonderful evening wis lovely ladyfriend . It's too bad she had to go early , though ... At least they can look forward to Sunday afternoon . 
I asked for rain . and the dark clouds came rushing to greet me . Mother Nature and I have a somewhat special relationsihp , if I do say so . I'm too complicated to believe in coincidence . 
It's time to bring this symphony to an end , a lonely anticlimax to my forbidden friend . I never thought it should be this way , yet I don't regret a single day . Ooh , my heartstrings play out for you , I wrote this wordless song to you . I buried these old memories ... so may these feelings rest at peace . It's too late to say goodbye , don't waste your breath , don't waste my time . 
Happy Father's Day to all men , young and old , who've had to put up with our crying , screaming , arguments , misunderstood dark humour , pyromaniacal tendencies , overactive imaginations and playing musical instruments downstairs at 2:30 A.M. 
Teach me to feel , show me what's real ... how does it feel without my love ? 
This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets a highly movable object . The object is blown away while the force only becomes stronger . 
To think that all this is only a feverish dream in the cold grasp of night , and I would never see your beautiful face again . I'm sorry for what I haven't done , I hope my sorrow satiates your neverending hunger for attention and pity . Goodbye , cruel friend . 
Hello , happiness . Goodbye , sorrow . It's time to welcome all the remotely familiar sensations which shall possess my adolescent heart . I've missed your voice for far too long , whispering gently in the back of my mind , as I cry myself to sleep . Now , it will be the soft laughter of an abandoned infant , moving me to nurture it so it shall become healthy and strong . Yes , it is love I speak of , and nothing else . 
is having band practice later with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . 
Good morning , beautiful world ! What crazy adventures have you in store for me today ? Oh , yes , the zombie video ! How could I forget ? 
went to the Lebanon YMCA today with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
is growing up to be such a big boy . He has a job , a girlfriend , on top of being sixteen years old . 
went to Fairfield Commons today with his Grandma < PROPFEMALE > . 
I don't want to be tied/ To anyone's strings/ I'm carefully trying to steer clear/ Of those things/ But when I'm asleep/ I want somebody/ Who will put their arms around me/ And kiss me tenderly/ Though things like this/ Make me sick/ In a case like this/ I'll get away with it/ 
No work tomorrow , yet there is an alternative ... I may be haybaling with my < PROPMALE > Zach . Keep your fingers crossed ! 
I <3 Depeche Mode . 
has gone to do haybaling . 
I made $40 today doing hay work . I also feel like a big boy . 
Who plays synthesizer at 4:00 in the morning ?! Not me ! ;) 
Run away , dear friends of old , for peaceful times are deceitful to hearts of gold . Don't let them tell you right or wrong , do as you must , I am merely one man strong . 
Don't be a stranger ; I only played your games to see you cry anyway . So what do you say ? We can play the games for old time's sake one day . Until then , I will laugh at what the world once was , and smile all the more for what you're doing to yourself . 
Am I crazy ? Am I dead ? Ignore the voices inside my head . Set me free from this cell , else I grow weak in sheltered hell . 
got a new digital piano today . 
worked overtime today , for the stupidity of others . 
\Reach out and touch faith . \"" 
I'm guilty , I'm so guilty , and I'll be guilty all the rest of my life . How come I never do what I'm supposed to do ? How come nothing I try ever turns out right ? You know how it is ... I just can't stand myself ... ' Cause it takes a whole lotta medicine for me to pretend I'm somebody else . 
When my soul touches yours , my life flashes before my eyes . Yet it's not the past that I recall , it's visions of the future ... my future with you . 
Lest you run in circles for eternity , don't vainly hide yourself in your false pretense . I know how it is to be dead in a world so vast and confusing . The light at the end of the tunnel is all you have to be afraid of . 
I went to < PROPMALE>'s Island with < PROPFEMALE > Whitaker today , and it POURED ! It was awesome . \ 
I'm glad I got to spend time with her before she goes to Florida ... ( shudders ) I dislike tropical weather very much . I believe < PROPMALE>'s Island has an atmospheric bubble which is used to manipulate the climate to encourage profits . Oh , well ... 
I'll be alright once you turn out the light ' cause the darkness is all I want to see . We're going blind and we're losing our minds , but it's in shadow I'd rather be . 
Band meeting @7 : 00 . Such fun . 
I'm glad I got to be around some close friends today , however shortly . Marching Band starts again very soon , so I shall be content . 
I've got a feeling today will be a good one . Or is that just hormones ? 
BAND PRACTICE FROM 9-4 ! 
needs a shower and a nap . 
Going to Camp Kirkwood for the weekend ... I promise I'll try not to get into ( too much ) trouble , although I can't guarantee anything . 
Alas , it is time to readjust to my life at home . I really didn't want to come back . I hope CMMB can go back next year . 
Fear is my internal compass ; it guides me to myself . 
Well , I had a rather peaceful night for once ... which is good because I'm definitely going to need energy for band practice today from 9-5 . I'll see all you bandies when I get there , don't worry ... 
This is self to conscience : we need to talk ASAP . Over . 
I'm looking for me , you're looking for you ... we're looking at each other and we don't kow what to do ! They call me the seeker , I been searching low and high ! 
Bleed my dreams until my youth runs dry . 
Even as the darkness fades away\ 
I still won't be able to say\ 
What I should've said long ago\ 
And for this I hope to never know\ 
What dwells behind your eyes\ 
That dark , abysmal sunrise . 
is working on the Fire Alarm Chorale . 
Sometimes your heart can be filled to burst with pain but that's all you have to help you get through life . 
I've actually had a really enjoyable day today . There are always new ways to learn and broaden your understanding of the world around you . 
Is there anyone out there to hear my pleas ? Someone who'll have me , help me cure this my disease ? I don't wanna be another casualty ... I just wanna go home ... 
A boy who once heard , spoke and saw no evil ... could it be innocence or simply ignorance ? How is he to know what fulfills his soul ? 
I'm not worried about my past , so you long as you don't remind me of my inner demons . Life is good for me as long I hold my head in foolish optimism . 
I see the rays of < PROPFEMALE > coming through the window , and I think , \I hope the Sun can never catch up to me . \"" 
Practice was enjoyable today , but I can't wait to go to The Outback for my lovely girlfriend's birthday dinner ! Tonight is going to be fun . 
went swimming today with < PROPFIRST > Rogers , his little brother and < PROPFIRST > . I lost my contact , though ! 
Ah ... Marching Band in the rain makes for good ol ' conservative fun . 
It is time for < PROPMALE > to make beautiful love to his piano in the hope that it will give forth offsprings of pure musical wonder . Wish me luck ! 
Religion doesn't equal love . And love is not a form of religion . So wouldn't it be enough , to let us make our own decision ? 
You see , the only reason I listen is because there's something in it for me . Be careful what you say , because your words can be used against you . Don't fall victim to someone's elses envy , nor feed off their pity . Be your own independent entity , and all shall be fine . 
We never needed a reason\ 
To act as we two were\ 
Children in Summer's season\ 
Need never to be so sure ... \ 
It took its hold on me\ 
The ripe and ready lust\ 
Lost and lonely ; < PROPFIRST > and Eve\ 
We broke our Father's trust . \ 
But I don't care if you don't care\ 
I can handle the guilt and blame\ 
But don't expect life to be so fair\ 
When you come calling again 
HUNGRY HUNGRY HOBOS ! ( wink-wink ) 
Someone , please save me from my eminent boredom . 
Well , it's off for another glorious day at marching band practice ! 
Release my inner demons into your emptiness of heart . 
Random thought whilst laying in bed :\ 
As I breathe , the world around me breathes\ 
The sky is my canvas , stretched out eternally for me to paint my heart\ 
The wind guides me to where I should be ; I move accordingly\ 
The heartbeat in my ears is only a reminder of the fear which keeps me going\ 
I walk off the beaten path , knowing not my identity but rather a sense of oneness . 
shaved . 
I just realized that it's probably not worth it , at all . 
Today's weather forecast : intense heat and brightness . Damn my photosensitivity . Mr. Sun , can't you pick another day to play this awful game ? 
must prepare to pick up < PROPMALE > people's garbage until midnight . 
Give my sympathies to the girl in pink , who will disappear as you blink . Be my guest , but don't fail my test , you shall receive your permanent rest . All for the lonely one , for my lonely son , give my sympathies to the girl in pink . 
Don't ever pressure me into things against my own will . 
Where is my < PROPFEMALE > ? I've nothing to howl at but dark and empty Sky ... Many stars , none are bright enough to match your Radiance . Shine on , my lovely < PROPFEMALE > , drown out the darkness , penetrate the clouds , guide me through the Night I am cursed with . Shine on like the Ghost of memories past , the sins of forgotten love . Where are you ? 
Kites of hope are held aloft on winds of desperation . 
Today is going to be a great day . 
Sure , A girl with eyes that see a hundred years , Half-remembered , this is my dream . \ 
Spinning out from where the whole appears , \ 
I've never seen her , but I've got photographs . \ 
IT CAN BLOW YOUR MIND ! 
Whatever happens , you still got me . Don't ever forget that . You're nothing in this world without your friends , so don't take advantage of their hospitality . I was built on a foundation of hard times and loss . I don't wanna hear about your petty complaints , because I got my own . 
Don't cry now , your bitter tears will burn and sterilize my wounds . 
finally got a travelling case for his piano , as well as a set of violin strings , new clothes and new sneakers . It's been a good day . 
Beam me up , < PROPMALE > . I wanna see dimensions unknown . 
had an amazing day today . Let the Good Times Roll ! 
Making friends is one thing ... alienating them is another . 
\Have a nice day . \"" 
I recoil in horror , at the foulness of thee . Of the squalor , and the filth and the misery ... How we laugh up here in Heaven at the praise you offer me ... That's why I love mankind . Oh , that's why I love mankind . 
has been deeply inspired , and is channeling it through music . 
I am ready for a happy ending , ' cause I know I tried . 
Lonely is the Night . 
I'm gettin ' a new phone tomorrow ! Hell yeah ! 
is the tourniquet of your bleeding wound . 
And will we ever end up together ? No , I think not ... it's never to become . For I am not the one ... 
is better than himself . 
What a wonderful day . I can't wait to get something done . 
I don't feel anymore ... Nothing's real , or self-assured ... All you gotta do , is wipe away your bitter tears . What you gotta prove to cast away your earthly fears . I'll never forgive myself for wasting my time . I need medical help , I'm losing my mind ! Lay me down , put me outta my misery ! 
It's gonna rain sometime this week . Please be Wednesday . 
finally has a drumset , after several months of waiting . 
I <3 The Red Violin . 
It's too late now ... I never cared to wake you at < PROPFEMALE > ... twilight is fading on our weather-worn home ... I want the warmth to leave me . 
Share my cup \ 
Tie me up \ 
Never apart \ 
Break my heart \ 
\ 
Go to sleep \ 
Wound me deep \ 
Be at peace \ 
Make me bleed \ 
Do no harm \ 
Twist my arm \ 
Lie with grace \ 
Smash my face \ 
Kiss the ground \ 
Track me down \ 
Stop the noise \ 
Smash my toys \ 
How does it feel without your drugs ? \ 
Sing you a lullaby \ 
How does it feel without my love ? \ 
Sing you a lullaby 
Well , today should be eventful . 
Mirrors . 
will probably be up all night . 
is going to the dumb ceremony thing tonight . Later . 
I can feel it , that familiar inspiration . Leaking out of my every orifice . It's only a matter of time before my world is flloding with the residue of my soul . What did I tell you ? Pain ain't such a bad thing ... feel it , understand it , turn it into something exponentially more beautiful ... the ability of being yourself . 
Goodbye to the tidings of yesterday ., it's time for tomorrow . 
When < PROPFIRST > Bieber guest stars on CSI , the world is really f***ed up . 
WHY HASN'T ANYONE TOLD ME OF < PROPMALE > COHEN ?! 
It's time to die and be reborn . The cycle never ends . 
is off to work in his \studio \"." 
When you're weary , feeling small , \ 
When tears are in your eyes , I will dry them all ;\ 
I'm on your side . when times get rough\ 
And friends just cant be found , \ 
Like a bridge over troubled water\ 
I will lay me down . \ 
I will lay me down . 
What a wonderful world . 
this is what i call a new day\ 
i'll miss the worlds before the dawn\ 
fallen or gone , i am your angel\ 
make my wings strong , i'll keep you warm\ 
i was sitting , tired but breathing\ 
hoping the sun would touch my skin 
People love me . People hate me . Do I care ? I could be cliche and say I don't ... but God knnow's it's a lie . Do you know how hard it is to be yourself amidst all the pain and distraction in the world ? I don't suppose you do . I don't care about any of you . I'd prefer to be alone . I swear to God , you'd be lost without me . But I'm a human , just like you . So do all of us a favour and just let it be . That's all I ask for . 
Danse Macabre totally kicks orchestral ass ! Are you with me ? 
< PROPFIRST > Brennan , Nate Shivers . The concert went very well last night . I can't wait to play with you guys again ! It has been a pleasure . 
Well , I can honestly say it's been an awesome week , albeit stressful , week . I hope to expand my interests into deeper ventures , and to achieve self-actualization sometime within my life . It's not all wealth and < PROPFEMALE > I'm after , either . Sometimes , I just wanna leave something in better condition than how I found it . 
The great days never last for so long . 
< PROPFEMALE > me by my heartstrings tonight ! 
Time to \go to bed\ " as they like to call it these days . " 
If only we were paid for playing in the band concert 
1 ofevery 10 people born is gay . That means 1 in 10 people is instantly putdown , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority and so much moreall for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are committingsuicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life willget better and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this . 
BANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNND . 
is prepared . Are you ? 
We are the par t-t ime centrifuge . 
Meditation XVII by < PROPFIRST > Donne . True philosophy right there . 
Where'd it go ? \ 
Shadows where I ought to know\ 
What to say\ 
Close my eyes - make it go away\ 
See it through\ 
Hope in time you'll see it too\ 
Open now\ 
But you'd better not smile\ 
You'd better not smile\ 
Better not smile 
I suppose the thing which bothers us most is when we see people smiling and we aren't able to . 
< < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > but = everyone else ... 
wahnt then afujk is gonis gon ! hahah kikikle me noelw 
It's gonna be a good day . 
I'm in love , or so they say ... \ 
I learned how to breathe today . \ 
Children laugh , I cry , ' cause I know\ 
That life goes on by much too slow\ 
And I wish you all the world ! \ 
I surrender your smile\ 
So hold me for the while\ 
Take all you can\ 
' Cause I like the abuse\ 
At least I know where my heart is . 
I'm thankful for my friends who accept me , my family who tolerate me , my lovely girlfriend who is always there for me , all the talents I've been blessed with to pursue my dreams , all the food I'll be devouring later , and my rediscovered ability to dream . And so much more ! 
( l ) + c = = = = = = 8 = <3 
Look in the mirror\ 
See who you've become\ 
Clench your idle hands\ 
Into a bony fist\ 
Shatter the glass\ 
And never look back\ 
See now , my conscience\ 
All the time you've wasted\ 
Concerned with thoughts\ 
Hypotheses and contradictions\ 
Now look all around you\ 
Hear how the wind speaks your name\ 
Calling you forth to a new home\ 
Now be on your way 
Ere long I should have a six-pack . Thank goodness for Wii Fit ! 
What I want in life :\ 
Some peace and quiet once in awhile\ 
A wife who can deal with all my shit\ 
A baloney sandwich\ 
A grand piano\ 
To raise my kids in a pacifistic manner\ 
A bubble bath\ 
And a really big beard 
Ain't no way I'd rather be . 
I never knew it was easy as closing my eyes 
I think life is a lot like Tetris ... The same thing happens over and over , so you become familiar and learn how to deal with ' em . But eventually all these problems pile up and they come faster and faster ... and then you lose . 
Going to the girlfriend's house here in awhile ! 
4564- I know we don't have the most ordinary form of communication , mainly through hugs and laughing our asses off . But this is mainly what matters the most . I like the fact that we can share music together and I don't see why our friendship couldn't continue long into the future . I'm quite comfortable around you . 
666- WHAT'S GOIN ' ON ?! I really do admire your ability to focus when everybody else is goofing off . I'm glad you could help expand my knowledge of 8-bit music ! I'd also say you have a good < PROPMALE > of being drum < PROPMALE > . 
17.9 - I miss you . But I'll happily call you my first ever girlfriend because I've learned so much from you , if not by being with you than all the talks we've had thereafter . I'm glad you can accept my quirks and insecurities . 
1111- I don't know much about you , but I'd say that you seem to be more reserved in situations you're not familiar with . I admire the way you conduct yourself around others and your devotion to your boyfriend . All in all you seem to be mysterious , and a curious person to talk with . 
It's good to be home . 
In the best of moods ! Sledding later possibly . 
I have successfully kicked this day's ass . 
Finally got new contacts ! No more Dyslexia !!! WIN 
I saw the Sun sinking below the horizon\ 
When darkness comes , I know I'll be ready to shine\ 
And on that day , breathe and taste the air\ 
It surrounds us , let us smile and suffocate\ 
But here , where everything is beautiful\ 
Eyes are closed and shadows illuminate\ 
I will forgive my regretful times\ 
So I know I'll have another < PROPMALE > to shine 
Would anyone happen to know the minimum age requirement to work at the Chakeres Cinema in Wilmington ? 
PB&JBF sandwiches , anyone ? 
I'm not here right now , please leave a message after the ( insert your favourite noise here ) and have a nice Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ehrbuddy ! 
NEW LAPTOP FTW !!! 
Everything built collapses under its own weight eventually . 
Sisters coming over at 10:30 , gonna be a fun day ! :) ~ 
So , drumline practices this week . I was wondering if anyone would be interested in giving me a ride ? Just lemme know , alright ? 
Well , it's been another great day , but now I believe I shall try and see how my unconscious mind interprets it . 
36X , that's us . 
What a wonderful day ! 
An awesome first day back in school if I do say so . 
Looks like I'm gonna make it after all . 
Tick-tock goes the clock\ 
These moments are wasting by\ 
Abandon thoughts of armageddon\ 
The fun is only beginning 
I wish I were an ice cube . 
If only I could stretch\ 
Beyond the prison of flesh and bone\ 
I could touch the sky\ 
And see things yet unknown\ 
Ooh , if only I were high enough , \ 
I could grab the stars\ 
And bring some down for us\ 
Just for us and the way we are 
For hypothetical intent :\ 
Let's just remember all the times they've told us not to be afraid to be ourselves . Then let us also remember the confusion when we are punished for taking their words too literally . So what is right and wrong ? It's definitely a matter of perspective , I'd say . 
The notes , after all , are not where the truth in music lies . Music is in the communication between the notes . 
Hatred is a waste of energy , I suppose it's healthier to just not care anymore . 
If I kiss you where it hurts , would you feel better ? 
Hmm . I may be getting a puppy tonight . 
I see , a bad < PROPFEMALE > rising ... \ 
I see trouble on the way . \ 
Don't go out tonight , \ 
' Cause it's bound to take your life . \ 
There's a bad < PROPFEMALE > on the rise . 
A good morning so far ! Let's see how to screw it up again , haha . 
So , forget about the puppy I guess . I mean , I thought she was sweet and everything but according too my aunt that doesn't compensate for her having some health problems . Hmm . I see a recurrent theme here . Should people be given back as well , just because they're not \perfect \"?" 
Higher branches equals more wicked roots . 
You are my sweetest downfall . 
Picture if you can , a smiley face without eyes\ 
The face of discontent , a beautiful disguise\ 
No light to penetrate this awful facade\ 
No tears to amuse this dormant God\ 
But Oh God the darkness here\ 
It's so damned beautiful 
The air is so peaceful , thnk I'll go for a walk . 
12.5% complete with driving classes . 
25% finished with driving classes . 
Kinda hoping for no school , but it's whatever . 
Mother Nature gots some splainin ' to do . 
Still looking for my own personal Neverland . 
Perhaps going to a good friend's house today . 
I think it's time for something new . 
Now on my iTunes library is a complete collection of < PROPFEMALE > Jam ! 
One by one the stars burn out\ 
As I stand resolute , and silently shout\ 
I watch and I wait\ 
And hope it's not too late 
Aren't we all just balloons ? Subject to inflation and deflation alike ? A constant battle to keep afloat ? Too much pressure , and we pop . None at all , we flop . I just wanna float , no strings attached , so I can perchance come upon a new horizon sometime within my lifetime . 
What if we're no better than the clothes that wear us ? 
All I can say is , what a great day . Thanks Mother Nature . 
What a great day , a good practice , keep it up everybody ! 
Music Composition . What a frustrating yet ultimately rewarding experience . I wouldn't know , but it's probably something like raising an unruly child . 
expurrments . - by < PROPFIRST > Ivie 
Nothing . 
I will light the match this morning so I won't be alone . \ 
Watch as she lays silent , for soon that will be gone . \ 
I will stand arms outstretched , pretend I'm free to roam . \ 
I will make my way through one more day in Hell . 
This is exactly what we needed from the start . 
Rain , come down , and fall forever\ 
Drain , the dirt , into the wasteland\ 
Pray , for sound , to quiet the howling\ 
Feel , no shame , too brave\ 
Feel , afraid , to wait forever\ 
Kneel , to fade , the day's corrosion\ 
Crawl , depart , towards perdition\ 
Gray , the part , the bruise within you\ 
Forever\ 
Feel , afraid , to wait forever 
Sometimes you have to confront your own patterns and expectations of yourself and do away with things that you enjoy doing in order to move forward and keep evolving as a musician . That's exactly the definition of the word progressive of course . \ 
“”Steven < PROPMALE > 
What a lovely evening ! 
1st place today at the drumline competition ! All I can say is , it feels nice to be rewarded for something you put a lot of effort into . 
Lots of homework for this afternoon . Wish me luck ! 
Take that , Wii fit . 100 jack-knives are no match for me . >:D ~ 
Methinks I shall take advantage of the weather . \ 
Hence starting on a \nature walk\ " Wish me luck ! " 
It's quite amusing when people denounce your suggestions or ignore them altogether . Then they become angry when the next suggestion is less of a compromise , so they propose their own idea ( albeit strikingly similar to yout original proposition ) and take all the credit for it . \ 
A.K.A. the joys of stubborness and miscommunication . 
Holy Mother of the simple one , \ 
When you smile at me you bring me down , \ 
You betray your thoughts . \ 
All your prayers too low . \ 
Now out of debt , you speak in tongues , \ 
And out of bread , your work is done , \ 
And your dream , absolve . \ 
And your path , dissolve . \ 
And your dream , absolve , \ 
And your path , dissolve . 
Look not through my eyes as you would your own\ 
Speak as though it is all you have ever known ... 
I've realized that the abilities of an artist are not in the eyes of the painter , nor the ears of the musician , nor the mere cognition of the casual philosopher ; they are found in the individual's open attitude towards the world around them and their ability to receive the unknown . The ability to receive an orphan into their own as if they had been living there from the start . \ 
~ P.T. 
I'd eat the corn outta his shit . < PROPFIRST > Brennan 
Meditation , how dearly I need thee at the moment . 
Noone cares anymore . 
I was on the toilet earlier , reading the funny papers , and all the sudden I thought about you . <3 Romantic , huh ? 
I wear this crown of thorns upon my liar's chair . 
Blasting the Renegade by Styx from the speaker . \ 
it's the simple things which touch us the most . <3 
< PROPFIRST > Ivie We should all be used to Drumline Dragon by now . :P 
The end is nigh . 
What to do on a free afternoon ? 
Learning a few more chourds for guitar . 
* Clears throat * < PROPMALE > , You Indeed Have A Hacker . :D 
Let's sing the the new day in . 
Today is the first day of a new beginning . 
Finished driving school . Yay . 
I can't do this alone ... Will you go with me ? 
CCM seems more and more appealing every day . 
It's been a nice day for going on a drive ! 
Maybe I won't be the one to say , \I told you so . \"" 
When you smile at me , you bring me down . 
What sweet seduction lies before us ? 
If you could go back in time ... 
If you build it , they will come . \ 
If you crush it , they will seek shelter elsewhere . 
It's the little things in life 
It's the little things in life\\nBeauty catches the eye\\nMusic holds your ear\\nYet only a breath will keep you alive 
Who wants to dance in the acid rain ? 
This is what keeps you alive . 
Yet again , this lovely irony slips through the cracks . 
When the bells ring , they'll all come to see\ 
There's a fire in the fields , a killer in the village\ 
When the bells ring out tonight for my change of heart 
You can't see this beauty through someone else's eyes . 
Time is all we have to lose . 
Who's to say that we only fear that which we don't understand ? I feel as if the smokescreen cast by generations past is failing , it is dissolving and we can see through the veil of lies . Perhaps now it is only a matter of choosing the least of all the evils in the world . 
My only soulmate is my restless shadow . 
Insanity : the act of executing the same action repeatedly and expecting to see different results . 
I'll wait for you ' til my stars start falling . 
Tu ne sais rien d'amour . 
This is where the sidewalk ends ... 
Hold on to the thread\ 
The currents will shift\ 
Glide me towards ... \ 
You know something's left\ 
And we're all allowed\ 
To dream of the next\ 
Oh , ohh the next , time we touch ... 
Come on people ! I'm almost at 600 friends ! Of seven people left , whom of which would be willing to satisfy this small victory of mine ? 
If the sky falls today , we always have the choice of burying ourselves underground . Who's in ? 
All in all , a fairly glorious day to be alive . 
Friends come and go ; You have yourself forever . 
