Rising and setting times for the < PROPFEMALE > Aug 5 , 2009 - < PROPFEMALE > rise < PROPFEMALE > set 7:58 PM 5:55 AM Altitude Distance Illuminated Phase 36.2 ° 405,455 99.5% Full at 6:55 PM 

i love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > \diggin up bones\ " . not sure why . " 
insomnia insomnia 
i need help ! who knows anything about old chevy trucks ? I have a 68 but I think the engine ( piece of *&^) is a long block v8 from 76 . help help 
well I guess we are \safe\ " now . We can look forward to finding out what sort of ego we have to learn to deal with for the next few years . They're all different but all the same " 
If I wonder why people take each other so seriously , does that make me an unfeeling bitch ? ( and it is ok to actually answer that question ) 
is hosting a \sleep\ " over with two 3rd grade girls " 
hmm .. people seem to think that I am a good friend , I would make a good spouse , that I showered today , and that I couldn't shoot somebody . Facebook is outing me ! 
it snowed ! 
Suburban Home by the Descendants . Another one of those magic moments . :) 
Kickin Grass- Backroads . toe tappin jamboree , more magic 
the year is almost over . it wish it would hurry up with it . the holidays just drag on after a while 
It never ceases to amaze me , the pathetic things people will do . 
Sun and blue skies are back . I heart Nuevo Mexico 
ARTIST : < PROPMALE > YoungTITLE : Heart of Gold I wanna live , I wanna giveI've been a miner for a heart of goldIt's these expressions I never giveThat keep me searchin ' for a heart of goldAnd I'm gettin ' oldThat keep me searchin ' for a heart of goldAnd I'm gettin ' old 
sheesh I'm maudlin 
In fact , the volume approaches 0 as n approaches infinity 
Oh I forgot to post the instructions Grab the book nearest you . Right now . Turn to < PROPFEMALE > 23 . Find the fifth sentence . Post that sentence AS YOUR STATUS . And post these instructions in a comment to this status . Don't dig for your favorite book , the coolest or the most intellectual . Use the CLOSEST book .... Go !... 
My friend < PROPMALE > just called me from the City Council Meeting to tell me that the city DENIED the liquor license for the CVS drugstore at Central and Louisiana . OMFG ! 
is it just me , or has The Daily Show gotten really stupid ? 
I need to start several groups . One for \Mean moms who won't get their elementary aged children their own cellphones\ " and another for \ " Mean moms who wish the school system would enforce their own rules about cell phones\ " and another for \ " Mean moms who wish that \ " nice moms\ " would stop caving in to \ " All my friends have cell phones and unlimited texting\ " nonsense \"." 
it's all a haze after that 
I set up my google buzz account . Will someone figure out to add an app for farmville ? I hope not . If you want to be in my buzz feed , email me . I can be in yours too ! 
gawd does Whole Foods have some nasty coffee . Shoulda just gone to the gas station . 
that jungle gems game , it is very very dangerous 
The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers . The original meal has never been found . —Calvin Trillin That quote has nothing to do with my mom , but I still like it . 
deep thought of the day : if you call tech support over and over , eventually you will get to talk to someone who knows something . the first few calls are painful though . 
i am having a shitty f-ing day 
Ill be either on a plane or in the Phoenix airport < PROPMALE > orrow for earth hour . I can't think of anything less appropriate than flying . 
I can't believe it , Voir got a (*&^ job !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i need a new little equal sign sticker for the back of my car . where can i get one ? 
off to work i go . every time off ends with a let down 
I am on a diet . and it is going to last a really long long time . and if anyone tells me that lifestyle change is the only lasting solution , I will kick them . 
according to my calculations , I have about 238 days left on my diet . there abouts 
I went to the El Camino in < PROPFEMALE > for lunch . I tried to scrape off the cheese and I didn't eat my spanish rice , but the enchiladas and the beans were very good . Im stuffed . However , I think I can claim that I stuck to my diet because I could have done much worse , and I didn't eat dessert . Lie to me baby ! 
my accomplishments today , so far : drinking water and triyng to get enough fiber . and not eating < PROPFEMALE > . 
monday . ugh 
http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5iSqQIAfvagnz1Gvbnz2bzX8V7e8wD9ESM2TO2 
I am learning many things about myself . One is that I really like nuts . Another is that the term \reasonable portion size\ " is meaningless to me . I am not reasonable . Last is that I really like dried fruit with nuts . " 
im hungry 
wish i was elsewhere 
garage sale season has started . 
I weighed myself and I am right on schedule . I am feeling really confident that I can do this . ( for 240-12 more days . ugh ) 
I need to not eat late at night . I feel like ^% when I wake up . It's nice that I am getting tuned in enough to realize that . New plan : water and fiber supplements later in the evening . 
Eating healthy is hard but not really 
today I willingly did not eat any of the chocolate/peanut butter bars that were out in the break room . I can't believe how mean I am , and perhaps how submissive and even masochistic I am becoming . 
tginabd- thank goodness its not a business day 
fiber water fiber water back to basics . soooo glad the growers markets are coming back ! 
it's almost monday . sigh 
Voir is moving his tools to his work , like he means to stay . 
lots of yummy samples at Costco , and i didn't buy any of them . I think that's good ? 
mm < PROPFEMALE>'s is good stuff . 
the weather still looks like caca , and so does the forecast . and its cold . ( said in a whiney voice ) 
yeah , the pictures of the weather forecast today , have round yellow suns in them ! 
damn animal control people , bunch of small minded control freak power tripping sadistic school yard bully *&^%&^) # ! -holes . 
will someone explain to me what the deal is/was with goggles ? 
I get to take a nap !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
status report : I had a wonderful nap ! 
you don't realize how nice it is to sit around the house and do nothing , till you can't . 
My daughter just did a poppin and lockin dance number to the < PROPFIRST > Meyers sitar interpretation of < PROPFEMALE > Parton's \9-5\ " . really " 
ok its time for me to revise my time line and get back to work at cleaning up my diet and my health 
Though both my grandfathers served in WWII , my family has always been full of pacifists , anti-war activists , and flat-footed intellectuals . I want to recognize that the sacrifices made by veterans would be meaningless without opposition from their own people- that they are worth more than anger , more than politics , and that they are not just minions of a police state . There was a reason . 
heat ... is not ... my ... friend ... 
who is going to be marching in Pride this year ? 
going to see the beautiful people . must remember to wear sunscreen . 
drunks are soooooo annoying , why do they do this ? 
tomorrow morning the growers market ! 
Its not hard to eat healthy , its the damn portion sizes that get me . Damn fruit of the earth , you are so yummy ! 
Sat morning- Grower's Market and then World Cup at 8 . Does anyone know a good bar or place with a TV that is open that early ? 
It may take me a while to figure out what my dogs are worked up about , but in the end they always make sense and they are always right . 
I hate it when online things crash at the \perfect\ " time " 
Using mynew fancy phone . Don't call I can't figure outhow to answer 
Still working on this phone thing 
the World Cup final is Sunday at noon thirty . The 3rd place game is Saturday at the same time , and it could turn out to be a pretty good game 
whats the best place in Abq to get crab legs ? Price is not a huge consideration 
Insomnia ... it makes me anxious and stupid . 
ok I think I am done with sports for another 4 years or so . it was fun ! 
pleeeeeaaaasseeeeee rain 
Just turned in my 3 week notice . I feel as happy as a hippo getting ready to jump into a big mud bath . And that's pretty happy 
13 work days plus on call this week and thru the weekend . then \vacation\ " ( the shit list is well over a mile long ) . then ? I need to buy a lottery ticket if I want to fantasize . " 
Im on call this weekend and next weekend . ugh . but then ... never again !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
road trip for early mid august : < PROPFEMALE > , langmuir lightning labs , water canyon , VLA , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . now if I can just find some good fishing , some rotted out railroad trestles , flash floods , and some hot springs , I'll be set . 
its raining ! not nearly enough , but it is raining 
its so dreary out , I want to go back to bed . bliss ! 
woke up on the wrong side of the bed 
7 more work days plus 2 days and 2 half days on call . rah rah rah 
humid icky always-something-to-complain-about when it comes to weather 
this is not on my short list of potential new jobs . dammit . https://unmjobs.unm.edu/applicants/jsp/shared/frameset/Frameset.jsp?time=1280796007901 
I had to unlike a few things , my activity feed is too voluminous 
16 more hours , approx . 
shit I think the monsoon is over already . high point of the year . damn . 
Lliving vicariously through my daughter- class assignments are posted at 2pm today , and I am excited and nervous for her . 
OK I can go back to being normal now that I met my daughter's teacher 
Potentially interesting http://www.aps.edu/news/aps-to-host-historical-gubernatorial-debate 
Love the rain . Love love love 
Paralyzed by the possibilities and it's just another Monday 
Its Monday and life is good ... cuz I have no job ! 
Got up early and did yoga with my daughter and it was a good start to the day 
Today is the 90th anniversary of woman's sufferage . Not sure why it's called that but I can barely imagine what my grandmother faced . Thank You to many women and a few men . 
my daughter and I are taking tennis lessons on Sat mornings . We are both complete beginners , this should either be fun or painful . 
awake from my power nap 
At the growers market drinking coffee and eating purple green beans and listening to bluegrass . It's nice to be me 
Insomnia you are not my friend 
I wrote a note with 25 pieces of info about me . 
does anyone know if a 78 GMC full size pickup bench seat will fit in a 72 chevy c10 ? 
The Frontier now only gives one tortilla per meal . Wtf my leverage as a parent is based on\you can have the second one with < PROPFEMALE > after you eat your eggs\ " Now life is Complicated " 
I ate ice cream last night for the sole purpose of distracting myself from my emotions . Ugh though I think it was the right thing to do , all in all 
Someone on Meet the Press is actually trying go argue that just because Obama isn't a Muslim doesn't mean that he's not actually a Muslim 
What are the best places to visit in Mexico , that are not 1- ridiculously overwrought and touristy ( ie Cancun ) 2- possibly in the epicenter of a gang war ( ie most of northern Mexico ) 3- not filthy and noisy ( ie Mexico City ) 4- possibly have some good ruins ( ie Uxmal if I can even afford to fly down there at Xmas time ) . Any ideas ? 
Dagoba Lavender Blueberry is a damn fine chocolate 
Theres an article in the NYT about insomnia . Not very good but still good middle of the night reading 
My daughter has informed me that I am a combination of cool and weird so I am \kweerd \"" 
ticks are really interesting animals if you can get over how you find them 
Best podcasts ?? 
bed time thank good ness 
what were those fireworks that exploded ? it looks like some storage unit at the fair grounds 
off to see We < PROPMALE > the People fest downtown . 
I bought a Trikke ( not cheap ! ) , waited and waited for delivery ( target.com your < PROPFEMALE > is sucking ) and the #*& thing arrived broken ! Along with a looooong \warranty\ " policy about how \ " our customer's are #1 \ " but they also essentially cover absolutely nothing . So I went to their website and filled out a long form and got an autoreply letting me know that my case was now active ! Hoping for the best . grrr .... " 
Reville is playing 
chaperoning a field trip to the fair tomorrow . I better go to bed ! 
There is a big pretty black widow in my kitchen . Not sure how it got here or why it is hanging out in the middle of the open , but ... there it is . Just hanging out . 
its the worst time of year for this , but I think I might get my hair cut short . I have too much hair and it's a PITA , whine whine whine 
Today my daughter discovered that she can wear women's size 5 shoes . Let the insanity begin . 
< PROPMALE > Phone LeTard ( Frankyphone haha ) born 12/26/98 , died 10/3/10 . An 85 pound lapdog , loving uncle to my daughter , and devoted pack member extroadinaire . 
Article in the paper today about < PROPMALE > elementary and walking to school . It's a couple blocks from my house but I drive my daughter to a school in another area . I wish there were better options . http://www.abqjournal.com/education/05223953538education10-05-10.htm 
Wow it's < PROPFEMALE > and raining at the same time 
My daughter and I managed to make it to the top of a waterfall in the Tijeras canyon , and watch the sunrise . We scattered some of < PROPFIRST>'s ashes and my other dog , < PROPFEMALE > , had a great time intimidating the squirrels . 
it's 4:19 in the morning . damn it . 
Just did my early voting in the shopping center across from the old Lovelace on Gibson . There is a dem . rally down there with food and music too . 
wine makers : please stop using corks . I know you can , and it would make me and lots of other inept people , very very happy 
The insanely expensive liberal arts college where I went for one year , in 1987 , just called me to ask for money . I feel so sorry for them . 
I'm on a school bus with 50 shrieking fourth graders . A . My daughter is awesome . She is reading quietly and not acting like a preschooler . B . I need earplugs . Not want . Need . This is seriously painful and my ears will be ringing for hours . Damn kids . I can't wait till I'm old enough to live in a retirement community . 
On my way back from field trip number five for the year . My daughter's teacher is amazing . I am exhausted . 
Pet Peeve of the week/month/year : a person who clearly has no clue about anything to do with physics , science in general , or even arithmetic , tries to draw a parallel between their woo-woo intangible unprovable feel-good idea , and quantum physics . Second place goes to anyone who has \thought alot about it\ " and has \ " theories\ " about the nature of disease on a molecular-genetic level . " 
just woke up from a nap . what a luxurious feeling ! 
breaking news : the lobos lost again . How much instructional time and quality is being sacrificed for this shit ? 
Waiting in line at Abq Academy for the open house and tour . Is this supposed to be like the < PROPFEMALE > rope or something ? 
Went to the open houses for Bosque School , Sandia Prep , and Abq Academy . Must remember : the person leading the tour group is not really representative of anything . Do not jump to conclusions . However , Sandia Prep does a much better job of making the open house experience a good one . 
Anyone going to the ice skating lessons at Outpost Ice Arena , starting Saturday ( tomorrow ) at 11:15 ? Car pool anyone ? anyone ? 
I had yummy green chile last night , and now I am miserable . I hate some parts of getting older . 
damn kids are always pilfering from their parents . All my good body lotion , I can somewhat understand . But , my entire roll of duct tape ? WTF ? is nothing sacred ? 
Does being awake during the \magic hour\ " make me effectively not an insomniac ? " 
Its hard to be a domineering Mom but sometimes it's the right way to handle things . 
Mmmmm quesadillas 
I went a did a little workout yesterday . I am actually a little sore , in the right places . kewl 
Stolen from a Join the Coffee Party Movement post \ 
\ 
\Corporate socialism\ " -- the privatization of profit and the socialization of risks and misconduct -- is displacing capitalist canons . - < PROPMALE > Nader Essential Info " 
I need someone with super freakishly sensitive skin to tell me about what kinds of things they can buy at the regular store , and what kinds of things to avoid . Also tips about experiences with makeup would be good . My daughter has always had to be super careful about soaps , lotions , detergents , etc ... and now she is having a terrible time with the skin on her face , which is a preteen girl's nightmare . 
my daughter woke up with a migraine . how awful . and how non sensensical . yes i already called the nurse advice line 
Paying the price for more yummy green chile . I'm not sure that I will ever learn . 
Another good yoga class . Sore that's verging on not good sore though . 
listening to the pow-wow going on . I love my neighborhood 
my daughter convinced me to get a mani/pedi . My first in my life . Trying not to mess up the nails is ridiculous . Can I make this last for even one night ? doubt it . 
pretending like you care can be soooooooo hard 
Its Race Bannon 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . \ 
Join the fight against child abuse and invite your friends to do the same ! ( note : not sure how this fights child abuse , but its all good ) 
Saw the personal trainer last night . Cute perky girl who I swear has had botox to her face , so she can keep that maddeningly serene smile on her face while she exercises along side me , with full ROM and twice the resistance . Gawd my poor legs . In a good way . 
More yoga tomorrow . I am kicking my ass for one month . 
did that pecs machine thingy today . full range of motion , resistance , and no shoulder-socket movement or weird popping noises . Whooooo hooooo ! First time in probably 15 years !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
First thing Monday morning and frustrated already . 
Another personal training session down , six to go . Whew . 
TIAA CREF sure likes to make life harder 
Loud police and fire sirens at 2am are not a good sign . 
APS is closed in the east mtns tomorrow and on a two hour delay everywhere else 
I figure about 8 more weeks till spring . In the meantime I will try to do some fun snowy things . 
another yummy yoga class and some good shoulder/back exercises too . I am definitely starting to see results . yea me ! 
Why do people give their garbage to thrift stores ? You cannot make yourself less selfish by giving the insanely overpriced couch that your dog peed allover , to < PROPFEMALE > . 
glad the night is almost over 
another good workout . Not ready for nude pictures yet though . lol 
The head of the EU says that the snow that has closed Heathrow airport is unacceptable and that \we\ " must fix it . I'll tell mother nature right away . " 
It's supposed to get sunnier now that the new year has begun . Ahem . Tap tap tap 
I added a bunch of people to my skype account . Hopefully I didn't cause anyone to become a spam victim . :( 
Trying to get away from it all in Silver City . Not sure why I brought my dad , my daughter , and my dog . But ... Its still nice . Im looking forward to tomorrow . 
A good workout this morning and now a nice glass of < PROPFEMALE > and some chocolate carmels . Tomorrow when I have a headache , I won't complain . 
Nothing like going shopping to remind me how glad I am to have such a nice daughter . 
6 more weeks of shitty weather 
It's $%&# 13F out . About -6C . Grrrrrrrrrrrr 
My dog has been outside all day . It's maybe slightly above freezing out there . Probably the best weather we've had all year , in her opinion . 
First week on my own at the gym . No more personal training for now . Feeling good , but omg all the new years resolution people are scaring me . 
Its snowing 
Tried dunkin donuts coffee . It was pretty good . Watching other people order \breakfast\ " was pretty nauseating though . " 
My daughter did a lightshow for me , with glowing Pixos and bubbles and music . Intense . 
My daughter's school is asking for suggestions of how to \tighten the belt\ " when the next round of budget cuts hits . I can't think of a single thing that I've seen there that is excessive . Except ... the shit that will never get cut . All that NCLIB and compliance BS . " 
My nice mellow yoga teacher was a bit on the sadistic side today . It felt good . But wow . 
Got sent home from work early . Happy dance . 
I bought a TV and DVD player ( no I do not have any dish or antenna or whatever ) but I am clueless about which cable goes where and what I still need to buy . 
Highpoint Sports and Wellness is free this week , for people who want to try it out . And weird as it may sound , that place has AWESOME showers . Like , water pressure from heaven . Its worth driving up there , just for that ! ( and if you are going to go , put my name down for your referral ) 
i can do a real pushup now . 
roller coaster day . 2 job offers in one day . and both good ones . yeah me ! 
Ok I've been meaning to go to Bluejeans for like 15 years . I finally made it . It's a bar ! 
Damn insomnia . Just magically disappeared a few weeks ago , but magically came back again . 
Damn insomnia . I have to get up soon anyhow . I need all the sleep I can get . 
Rotel Tomatoes and Habaneros are spicy . Just saying . 
New job starts Monday . 6 mo contract giving nursing informatics training . hoping for the best and more ! and really looking forward to paying some bills too ! 
Just barely escaped a 3 car wreck , caused by some drunken loser in his penis enhancing big bad truck . still shaking . being sandwiched between two cars is not a good way to go . 
I'm maddogging Comcast right now 
tgif 
This just in . Moammar Gadhafi is nuts . So is < PROPFIRST > Sheen . So is the guy that shot up Ft Hood a while back . Who gets the most attention ? Who gets the most tax dollars ? Why are our priorities so jacked up ? 
Please be < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
The weekend . Is . Almost . Over . 
The Frontier is turning 40 this year . Or just turned , actually . Same as me ! 71 was a good year , even though Jimi Hendrix died . 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1971 
Bad me . Jimi died in fall 1970 . 1971 saw lots of big changes though , including release of the Intel 4004 and also lowering the voting age to 18 . 
Another day at the gym . Barely made it through . I think the wind blew away all my energy . 
Insomnia sucks 
I need to get out more 
Slept through the night ! Yea ! 
Great yoga class today , plus a nice little shoulder workout . Beautiful day out . I feel great . 
Benadryl take me away 
The eastern sky should be light by now . Should be . 
Why is it that asking our millitary troops to work in a potentially unhealthy radioactive area , in the course of saving lives , families , and economic structures , is an agonizing decision , yet asking those same troops to murder individuals , ( sometimes including themselves and eachother ) , tear apart families , and destroy economic structures , and risk devastating injury or death the whole while , is considered glorious ? 
Even though the place I work is a nonprofit , I still feel like a corporate stooge . 
sick kid = I am sick and tired of being stuck at home 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ready or not , here I come ! 
Our state Senator is on < PROPFEMALE > one , above the fold . His predacessor was often featured as well . For different reasons , but apparently our neighborhood rocks . 
I sat through Gulliver's Travels with < PROPFIRST > Black . It was awful . Really really awful . 
One more week till I put my house plants back outside 
sometimes a quesadilla and some reposado just hits the spot 
see you tomorrow , world 
I am becoming a gym rat . I wish I could go to the gym right now . But its my bedtime and I have to be at work early . 
made it the gym today . felt good . 
The big four oh happens today . 
Happy Sunday 
Dinner did not agree with me . 
Trader < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > pecans with cranberries . mmmmmm . 
Damn it , why am I awake ? 
don't click on the link about the best april's fools prank ever . either it is stupid and useless , or it is a virus . not sure which 
Your tax dollars at work : The City Animal Control harrasses me , eventually gives me a ticket , I have to go to court ( after various clerical people spend how ever much time processing my ticket and setting up a court date , mailing stuff out , etc ... ) 
