Happy New Year and good night ! 

Jesus needs sleep of biblical proportions ... yawn . 
just got done bailing some hay , and boy was it \fun \"!" 
Why do I keep seeing < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret on MY suggestions ! 
shopping ... ... ... oh joy . 
Yay , college orientation day ! 
orientation is over and I finally have my schedule for college . 
I love nap time ! 
I'm makin ' waffles ! 
Yawn ... I knew i should have stayed in bed this morning . 
Thank < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for Taco < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Going to a Camp for the week . Won't be on facebook for the week either . Wish me luck . 
Finally back from working at camp , and it is good to sleep in a bed again ! 
\Oopa ! This is better than ham ! \"" 
College starts this Monday ... ... ... joy . 
Just got some money from Akron U , i guess i paid them too much for college . Now I can finally get some tires on my car , instead of the \cheese wheels\ " i have now . " 
My final day of freedom before I am sentenced to another year of schooling , I hope this will be a good day . 
I had a great summer ! Thank you to all who made it happen . Tomorrow my sentence of one semester of schooling begins at 8:30 . 
finished my first day at college , and I am still alive ... yay ! 
I'm finally getting tires put on my car ! I can finally get rid of those cheese wheels once and for all ! Oh ... plus , they got white walls , yeah baby ! 
Two days down , this college schedule of mine isn't so bad after all , especially since I got out early today . 
yay ! I finally have my laptop ! 
Ah , the first thing I get to do on my brand new laptop is ... write a paper !! yay !! 
First paper of college ... check ! 
is relaxing at school . 
Relaxing at school before I must go to \Internet Tools\ " class for two hours and forty minutes . yay ! " 
I got out of class an hour early ! hurray ! 
I am ridiculously tired ! 
Well , I just got my second laptop in the mail , and this one DID have everything I ordered . Currently getting my new laptop up to par and nuking the old laptop's hard drive before I send it back to < PROPFEMALE > . fun ... 
Well ... its that time of day again . time to head off for my Internet Tools class . 
Class is about to end , yay ! 
I did not want to get up today , thanks for being a jerk Mr. Monday . 
second day of the school week and i already feel like it should be a Thursday ; its going to be a long week . 
Just got out of English comp I over an hour early , hurray ! Now I have to wait and hour and a half for my next class , boo ! 
Internet tools starts in 30 seconds ... go 
why won't my internet tools class end ! I want to get out of here ! argh 
was a long day at school , had a terrible time troubleshooting website code , my neck is still killing me . 
yay ! Got my car back and it has a new belt and a brace to stop something from rattling . Unfortunately , I have to take it back next Friday to get its power steering fixed . 
bed time , yay ! 
eh , i hate headaches ... oo , espresso , no no no , thats too much . 
Heading off to school , then picking up my car from the mechanics , and then I'll be picking up Halo 3 : ODST from Gamestop and heading back to my place to play it . Its gonna be a good day . 
Waiting for my management tech class to start . So bored ... 
just got up from his nap time . 
I enjoy rainy days ! 
Got a massive curve on my business test , went from a 78% to 92% . 
Oh noes ! my laptops scroll pad is broken ! 
is heading of to school until approximately 8:40 . 
English class today , oh joy . 
has school on his mind . oh the horror ! 
“Magnetism is one of the Six Fundamental Forces of the Universe , with the other five being Gravity , Duct Tape , Whining , Remote Control , and The Force That Pulls Dogs Toward The Groins Of Strangers . ” - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
is in his web programming class for the next two hours , hurray for notepad ! 
I wish my class would just end , I'm running out of things to do on my laptop . 
yes ! class ended early ! i can finally go home ! 
Time for sleepy ! 
very tired , heading to bed 
I'm at school , need I say more ? 
is off to his management tech class , then heading home . 
my beard is bugging me , definitely going to be trimming it in the morning . 
is heading out to school , then apples bees for my niece's b-day 
just got back ffrom an adventure around the < PROPMALE > campus in search of a spoon ! which i need deperately to go num num on my yogurt . 
Today was indeed a day for adventures , as if the spoon was not enough ! Some friends and I were tracking down a spotlight somewhere near Montrose . We went completely out of our way to find out that it was coming from Holiday Inn for no reason at all ... very lame ! Anyway , I'm tired , and am now going to sleepy mode . 
just woke up from a 12 hour sleepy and am now writing a paper for English class later today . 
got one webpage done , finished my quiz , and now its time to start the next webpage . 
Just woke up at one oclock , and im still very tired . 
is taking this day to relax 
maybe ill clean my room today ... nah , what was i thinking . That's crazy talk ! 
“Scientists tell us that the fastest animal on earth , with a top speed of 120 feet per second , is a cow that has been dropped out of a helicopter . ” - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
its been a good day . now , im going to finish it off by going to a bonfire . 
K , time to catch up on business homework . 
is officially done with his business homework and is now head to bed . mmm ... bed . 
is at school working on his English essay . 
is preparing for his last class of the day , if only he had a large cup of coffee . 
I wish that i could stay reasonably awake during my business classes . If i cant , i might as well bring a pillow so i can actually get something out of the classes . 
oh noes !!! 11 ! the goats are out ! I must go save them1 ! 
ok , the goat situation has been taken care of and all goats are now back inside the DGZ ( designated goat zone ) 
oh , i hate getting up on Tuesdays ! I just want to sleep ! 
I am very tired , going to bed to a good 6.7 hours of sleep before awaking to the awful sounds of my fiendish alarm clock at 6:40 . 
feels good after a VERY long nap . 
is not looking forward to school today , especially his web programming class . 
heading out to school now . 
thinks its about time to bleach his white walls , they are looking kinda grey . yeah ! one of my classes is cancelled ! 
is going to watch some ' flashback ' and then head to bed , maybe for a long while . 
got a wonderful 11 hours of sleep , and feels marvelous . 
Windows 7 !! woot , woot ! ( that was my joyous shout ) 
feels like he is in heaven because he just had a chipotle burrito , topped off with a smoothie from cold stone , today has be a marvelous day . 
is heading to bed after a wonderful day 
listening to music , getting ready to feast on a turkey ! 
going to bed , its been a good day . 
classes canceled today = awesome ... going up to college to find out = lame 
is really craving chipotle 
For a monday , it has been a fine day . 
about to head of to class ' till about 5:30 
home from school , got out an hour early today , this week is getting more awesomelicious ! { awesomelicious - deliciously awesome } 
heading to my second class of the day , then going home . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s = deliciousness 
heading out to FYF 
has returned from FYF and is now working on a midterm , yay ... not 
12 hours of sleep ! awesome 
heading out to school , cant will till i get home and my weekend starts . 
Internet tools class , here i come , time to program websites for 2 and a half hours . 
num num num , just woke up , no classes today , just chillin at the house 
just got back from passing out < PROPFEMALE > . Had a blast getting to see my brother in law scare some teenagers . 
home from church , waiting for some delicious hamburgers , then working on an English paper 
windows 7 is currently getting on my nervers ! 
manually organizing your music folders and details can be so tiring sometimes . 
if feel like such a facebook nerd right now , i got it open on my desktop , and no more than half a meter away its also up on my laptop . ... wow ... maybe ill IM myself . 
heading out to school 
awe ... power came back one , lame ! i was hoping classes would be cancelled . 
about to head to my last class , hoping two things . one , i dont fall asleep ; two , i have enough gas to get home , im not talking about taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
is home . Hurray ! 
ah , a beard feels good after is has been freshly groomed . 
nothing like an ice cream samich to finish off a day of doing nothing . 
Snow ! it is going to be a wonderful , wonderful day ! 
well , i had to play goat wrangler again , and get my mothers goats back and repair the fence , again . those goats are tricky ! 
Watched Boondock Saints last night . Excellent movie . 
Raking leaves , oh joy , this when living in a twelve acre < PROPMALE > SUCKS ! 
Been a good day , managed to pull a small wheelie with the lawn mower , washed the car , and topped it all off with a blizzard from DQ . 
ugh ! tired , class . 
is having a bad hair day . Yeah you heard me , I ... am having a bad hair day . 
enjoys getting 12 hours of sleep 
yay , got off class an hour and forty minutes early ! time to go home ! 
loves having fridays off . 
maybe staying up late was not the best idea ... 
is stuffed after having an early thanksgiving feast at church . It was delicious ! 
so the weekend is over , and I already want it to be Friday again . 
is very , very tired , and just wants to go home and take a nappy ! 
so ... a lady bug just landed on a paper I was reading ... scared the crap out of me . Just thought I would share that . 
is bored at school 
is in a very , very good mood because he got some < PROPFEMALE > time in the minivan today ! 
is at school , waiting for his next class to start so that he can tune the teacher out and get some work done . 
chillen at class for a while , then going to Applebees , then to see ' 2012 ' 
eating a bagel ( like a boss ) , then heading to church . 
is about ready for bed after a good day . 
i cannot wait until Thursday , when i get to feast on some delicious turkey , stuffing and mashed potatoes , all covered in gravy , ah , marvelous . 
just got home from the dentists , now my teeth are nice and shiny . Heading off to school in a few minutes . 
homework ... lame ! 
had some very interesting dreams last night , anyways , im off to school 
35 minutes , and ill be feasting ! um nom nom 
had an excellent turkey day ! Im all nom nomed out . 
ah , a good 12 hours of sleep sure does make you hungry again 
pumpkin pie makes a great breakfast . 
one more week of school , then finals , then done . awesome ! 
saw some sprinkles of snow on the way home ! It may be a good day after all . 
2:00 in the morning and im hungry for breakfast . 
working on my web design project and listening to owl city 
just finished my semester long project in about 4 days ... not bad . 
two finals tomorrow , and i cant wait to get those classes completely done with . 
I wish it would snow more ! 
I get to watch ' fight club ' today for my final exam . 
chipotle is delicious ! 
You know your in trouble when one of your pastors says hes lurking on you ... 
Many thanks to all the b day wishes . 
o , k , so ... sleeping in ' till about 2:00 everyday was not such a great idea after all . 
You know your computers not at optimal cooling when your graphics card is one degree away from boiling . 
So , apparently there is a 20 car pile-up in Arizona ... wow . 
hurray , I finaly got my new phone , and now i officially have texting ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
So , yesterday my dad told me he needed help tearing out an old furnace this week , and i volunteered to help . What he failed to mention was that i would be working 10 hour work days for part of the week , fun . 
been a bad year for animals . Lost a cat , chickens been dyiing , and now a goat is dying . 
only one more week of winter break and its back to school for me . 
school starts in two days , wonderful ... 
ice cream cake = deliciousness 
I do not enjoy how we , as college students , are expected to do so much reading , close to 6 chapters a week , with each chapter about say ... 20-25 < PROPFEMALE > s longs , thats 120 - 150 text book < PROPFEMALE > s a week , not your classic paperback < PROPFEMALE > . Now lets assume you take 4 minutes to read a single < PROPFEMALE > of text , thats 480 - 600 minutes ( or 8 - 10 hours ) of time reading per week . 
did you know : The Chinese government does not allow its citizens to play World of Warcraft for longer than three hours a day ... interesting . 
We'll . todays been crap . Pretty sure I dropped my transmission . 
So far , this entire week has been pretty terrible , following up my transmission going cupuddles , our power went out and screwed up my alarm clock , so I ended up missing my first class today , wonderful ... 
finally , some good news this week ! Apparently , i didn't drop my tranny , but i actually just snapped a drive shaft in half , so i don't have to spend three grand on a tranny after all , just a couple hundred on a new shaft . 
Me + Car + Water = Hydroplane 
I enjoy having my first class at noon and being able to sleep in , but i hate having to go back to class at six . 
Today i figured out that if your eating MnM's and then go to brush your teeth , if your have the right tooth paste , it may taste like mint chocolate chip ice cream . 
I hate it when I stop at a stop sign and another driver across from me stops at the exact same time and we are both turning the same way . What makes it worse is when we both flash our lights at the same exact time ... I figure since i am in the bigger vehicle i have rite of force , so i go . 
had the weirdest dream last night that involved a minivan , a monster truck , a house , a wolf , a stranger , and a DEagle . 
I hate it when my dog wakes me up 30mins before I actually have to get up , ugh ! 
You know your going slow when you get passed by a semi-truck . Epic ! 
Terrible car wreck on Back Massilon Rd . Car slid into a ditch and gutted out some of the underside of the car . 
So , i fixed my xbox and i somehow have acquired an extra part in the process ... hmmm ... 
I wish there would have been a magical 3 hour stop in time last night so I would have gotten more sleep . 
Life is good when you get a free burrito from Chipotle ! 
Not even < PROPFEMALE > Stone can understand my Professor ! 
Time to learn about rocks in Ohio , hurray ! 
Of all the schools , < PROPMALE > college gets a bomb threat . Well ... i guess its just preparation for Akron , lol . 
Well , my xbox is in pieces again , tomorrow I am going to pick up some parts for it , then put it all back together again and hope that the problem is not what I think it is . 
Aside from watching the super bowl today I also fixed my Xbox ... again . I also made myself a little 90mm fan for funzzies . 
Not having classes till noon on Mondays makes my life wonderful ! 
Tonight I learned Two things : 1 . ) The melting point of plastic is lower than the melting point of solder . 2 . ) Smelling a lot of melted plastic can lead to headaches . 
Here comes the snow !!! 
Why can't Akron - < PROPMALE > college have a snow day !? 
I love how there is a distinct difference between Medina county and < PROPMALE > country , as soon as I leave Medina and enter into < PROPMALE > the roads go from clean to covered , lol . 
I hate it when people hog snow covered parking lots .... :P 
Bah , school ... lame sauce . 
Dont you hate it when a 30min job turns into a 1hr job which ends up being a 3hr job ? lol 
Glad I have tomorrow off , it'll give me a < PROPMALE > to sleep in . 
Some of the google.com popular searches can be very funny , and others can be ... creepy , to say the least . 
Today is Washington's birthday , we should have off school today . :P 
Today is a day that will require a nap . 
I have officially completely given up on this class ! 
So apparently , < PROPMALE > Gore might be getting a lawsuite coming his way becuase of climate change and all the money corporations ' had ' to spend on \carbon neutral\ " technology . " 
Today has not been good so far . I woke up half an hour late , rushed through my shower and breakfast , got out to my car , started cleaning it off when the windshield wiper fell off , put that back on , and did about 70mph down snow covered country roads to get to school with 1minute to spare . 
Completely off school today , sweetness ! 
Feels like I haven't been to class in ages . Getting an extra day off for the weekend really makes it feel a lot longer . 
I am getting really angered over this class . 
so , 25 < PROPFEMALE > paper over the culture of three counties i know nothing about , other than Brazil likes bananas . due in three weeks ... I'm speechless . 
So , my father almost dropped his transmission today trying to get himself out of a snow mound he decided to park against . And he also made a wonderful cloud of smoke with his tires ... fun ... 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland today ... somebody was definitely on drugs when they produced it . 
One more week and its spring break for me ! Hurray ! 
Where is all the snow going ! Come back ! 
Today is going to be a good day . 
The semester is half way over already ! sweet ! 
today wasn't such a good day after all ... 
om nom nom nom 
In two hours and thirty-five minutes I will be on spring break , hurray ! 
Spring break has officially begun , and its beginning with French bread pizza and girl scout cookies ... om nom nom nom nom 
Got my mirrored silver plated aviator glasses today , I am now 110% stud . 
I hate it when during an argument I find out that what I'm arguing about isn't what the other person is arguing about , and that there need not be an argument in the first place . 
uh-g ! I hate procrastinating ! 
Over a 45 year period , Medicare costed 13 times the projected costs . If the same thing happens to health care , it would cost 100 trillion dollars 110 times over . 
School is back in session 
ahhh , so much to do ! 
Why is it that people who have a tall truck they think they have the right to take up two parking spots ? is that really neccessary ? no , its not ... om nom nom nom . 
so i got an interesting voice mail today of some choir singing in the background ..., lol . 
Got more mysterious music on voice mail ... and i didn't even miss a call , what is going on here ! 
really tired , want to sleep .... blah 
AHAHA ! today is a terrible morning , and to add on top of it all , i locked my keys in my car , wonderful ! 
Today will be a better day than yesterday . 
Another day of class , and another day I wish I could sleep longer . 
Did you know : In < PROPMALE > County , there are more cows than people . 
This morning I had a battle with sleep ... and it won . I lost by 14 hours . 
got to see Sherlock Holmes today ... it was marvelous . 
So ... I just overheard my mother talking to someone on the phone about \implants\ " ... oh my . " 
And hour and a half and my weekend finally begins :D 
Work , school , break , more school , community group then bed ... busy day today . 
really wish I would have gone to bed earlier ... 
25 < PROPFEMALE > paper = Done ! ... Now for the presentation . 
Two more weeks until summer break ! 
My Xbox needs to stop trying to commit suicide ... grrrr !! 
waiting for my next class , can't wait to learn more about the ice age in Ohio ... /end sarcasm 
Today may require an afternoon nap . 
Seven days !!! 
No Mr. Econ teacher , I don't want to hear you talk about how you would run the economy if you were in charge , I want you to teach me ! 
5 more days ! woot ! 
Mom : \Oh ! arent the little cows so cute ! \ " Me : \ " Yeah .. between two buns . \"" 
Somebody push the beta button , now ! 
One down , three to go . 
why is the trash man out at 12:00 am with no light on ? lol . 
JULY 27 , 2010 !!! Starcraft II : Wings of < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Four finals down , one to go , yay ! 
Psychology final here I come ! 
yay ! final are over , its gonna be a good weekend ! 
A tornado warning , In Wadsworth ? Absolutely unacceptable ! 
So , today I heard a song from the soundtrack of \Battlefield 2 : Modern Combat\ " ... on a golf show ! ??? " 
Currently conduction precision \om noms\ " on a delicious calzone . " 
just bleached the white walls , now I'm pimpin . Going to pick my aunt up from the < PROPMALE > airport . 
\Holy Black Monkeys !!! \ " -Some guy on XBL " 
Had pizza for lunch , and now im having pizza for dinner ... today is a day for a heart attack . 
Probobly had the weirdest dream in my entire life ; I was a spy on a mission to capture a special frog . While I was escaping with this frog that a fished out of a pond I was captured by Wolverine , and he made me his butler , until someone ran into his house and hit him with a shoe and killed him and I escaped . 
Did you know : In the first week of the Halo : Reach Beta there was about 30 years of game time logged ... thats a lot of game time . 
Just woke up from a glorious 6 hour nap . 
Got my hair stuck in some stat wire today while putting a furnace in , not fun ! 
500 lb radiators are not fun to work with ! 
Apparently , there was snowfall in New Hampshire ... Global warming must be on vacation . 
22.5 Days ' till Starcraft II !!! 
\Dreamer with the Dream Dream's on \"" 
its far too hot outside ! 
' And this be our motto : \In God is our trust . \"'" 
PVC primer + cut = pain 
One day and thirty-four minutes ! Can't Wait ! 
Two gigabytes in 7 minutes !? Not bad Time < PROPMALE > ... not bad at all . 
School tomorrow , bye bye summer 
Green Means : Go\ 
Yellow Means : Go Faster 
One Week ! 
less than 2 Days ! 
Tonight ... 
5 hours ... and Im dreadfully bored ... lame ! 
I completely despise having an hour and a half break in between classes . 
AkronU Chalkboard Talk : \Believers never die <3 \ " - Anonymous 1 ... \ " Unless their hit by a bus ! Driven by Satan . \ " - Anonymous 2 " 
Windows 8 in 2012 
So ... apparently , people are already camping out for black Friday deals ... wow 
I don't think I've ever seen a 99.75% off sale until now ... just got a game for 10 cents . 
Snow ! Yes ! 
You know your driveway's ice when you can push your car when its in park ... 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Either I accidentally ordered my book from like , Antarctica ... or its being transported by bicycle because its taking forever to get here ! Mer ! 
Out with the old , in with the new ... hello i7 
\If its not exotic ... then ... its un-exotic . \ " Guss Harper . " 
hey < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... did you know that fire spreads ? 
Thats ... a lot of snow ... 
Come on crysis 2 ... is that all you got !? 
I've got a bad feeling about this class ... 
Wait a minute , why does my computer have two registries !? ... well this is going to make things interesting . 
It somewhat boggles my mind to think that just after < PROPFEMALE > their were looters running rampant everywhere in New Orleans , yet in Japan its been 4 days since the tsunami and yet there hasn't been a single case of looting ... 
Its far too hot outside , go away spring ! I want winter back ! 
yay ! Cold weather has returned ! Oh how I've missed thine ! 
and I'm now officially in debt , hurray ! 
Yay ! Snow's back ! Its like a wish come true ! :D 
SNOW ! YAY ! 
I really wish my co-worker would work ... i mean , is it really that hard ? 
