Does anyone fucking care ? Ever ? About anyone ? Gawd I am so about to give up on fucking humanity , please just ignore this . 

ERGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGg 
hahaaahahaaa , i am NOT drunk ! XD 
If you read this ( and feel so inclined ) post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . I think it'll be fun : 
ich hasse sie soviel ! Ich hoffe , dass sie begrabenes lebendiges ist ! 
Apparently I have autophobia ?..... 
IVs hurt XP and hospital meds are a lot stronger than perscription 
I REALLY need Halloween ideas !!! 
Two words guys hate , don't and stop ... unless you put them together ! 
Bordem Kills 
ERGGGG UGH AHHH EVERYOTHER FUCKING WAY TO DESCRIBE DISTRESS !!!!!!!!!! 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Moody . 6 : Dumb . 7 : Spoiled . 8 : Mouthy . 9 : Random . 10 : Hot . 11 : Funny . 12 : Fit . 13 : Amazing . 14 : Tough . 15 : Cute . 16 : Bf/Gf Type . 17 : Player . 18 : The Best . 19 : Freak . 20 : Quiet . 21 : Adorable . 22 : Boring . 23 ... : Down to earth . 24 : Cool . 25 : A good friend :D !!!! BE HONEST !!!! 
You see that \like\ " button down there ? Click on it if i have ever made you smile . Set this as your status and see how many people you've had an impact on :D " 
Não traduzir isto ! As pessoas dizem que o suicídio não é a resposta , mas a verdade é que é ! E você sabe o quê ? Eu quero e não quero dar uma foda no inferno mais ! Atire em mim , eu estaria muito mais feliz ! Eu tudo atrapalhou e eu não tenho < PROPFEMALE > . E as pessoas , eu sei que tem coisas melhores para fazer ! Não é a eles que é a natureza humana , e enfrentar os fatos . Então , o parafuso do mundo . Espero que eu morra logo . 
If were a superhero who would you be and what would you do with your almighty-ness ? 
Sooo well Imma become an evil super villian , and Imma need some help running my Empire of Doom , so who wants to join ? XP 
What did YOU dream about last night ? 
Should I start posting my pictures and paintings or would it scare to many people ? 
OR did you know At least 500 Americans die each year from asphyxia in an attempt to lessen oxygen flow to the brain in order to induce a more powerful orgasm . 
Or One out of seventeen , or 400,000,000 people have sex a day . 4,000 people are doing it right now ! So , the world is a rockin ' , don't go a knockin ' . 
Did you know in Idaho Police officers aren't allowed to walk up and knock on the window . Any suspicious officer who thinks that sex is taking place must drive up from behind , honk his horn three times and wait approximately two minutes before getting out of his car to investigate . 
In Belguim it is legal on Christmas Day for children to throw bananas at cops and cops to throw bananas at children 
If you were going to be a criminal on the FBIs most wanted list , what would you want it to be for ? 
When I said I'd hit that , I meant with my car 
I wish I could be a evil super villian that way I wouldn't actually need anybody and I could be as cruel , chaotic , and isane as I want with no real consiquences . 
I hope the world does blow up or whatever it is going to do in 2012 just so I can laugh my fucking as off in hell 
What type of battlewound is the best kind of battle wound ? Hahaa 
Sometimes I wish I had a wanted scketch to see what people would actually say and how it would turn out . 
Found a new show to watch while I do fucking homework x.x blah ! Thought the show would be stupid , but it is actually pretty good , but I'd totally beat everyone on it xp hahaa yay me ! XD 
Hate 
like this status and i will tell you something i like , dislike , first impression & a confession about you ! 
\Love is like bricks 
OMG ! \ 
I just remembered a part from my dream last night ! It was weird and had\ 
murderer stalkers and a beach !!! Oooh how I miss that beach 
Insane people rock !! And people with anger management rock in a different way xp hahahaa and I know decided Pretty As A Pistol is an awesome saying !! :D :D :D 
I'm debating on putting some of the power-out pics xp hahaa it was < PROPFEMALE > much fun playin around , and I wasn't the only one on the block ! :D 
I dont know why but lately when I hear something it's either dirty or bloody/creepy and it always seems it's meant the opposite way x.x wtf 
\If the blue meanies are going to get me they'd better get off their asses and do something . \"" 
I want to make a photography team , hahaa like someone to do clothing/makeup/ideas , photographer , and model ! That would be amazing !! The coolest pics could come out of that !!! Anyone interested ? I already got Chey to say she'd model for my makeup :) And I have ideas :D Everyone gets pieces of course , I think it'd be fun xp 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think\ 
I'm a good friend . MESSAGE me if you ever wanted a relationship with \ 
me . COMMENT on this if we have had good memories together . Now let's see\ 
who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status . 
