happy new year anyone got a cure for this hangover 

goin back to iraq in february . round 2 
always take care of your famliy and your bartender 
five days in the field no shower no bed temps up passed 100 this week sucked 
well looks like im doing something new from now on . getting ready for this deployment hardcore just call me a bad motherf&%$er 
some weekend dont want to go to work tomorrow 
just got off work and gotta be back at 0430 
If ur fake u will be found out u will find out wat real is 
workin through the nite 6.5 hrs left 
im ready for bed yo 2.5 hrs left 
boredom got to love it ??? Or do i 
these is my 2 weeks notice 
goin to the range gonna b a long day 
another day at the range anyone want to play spades 
here i come and hells comin wit me 
i hate the field ur so close to people yet so far away 
long nite eary morning just 4 more days to go 
finally out of the field damn its good to b on a bed not a coat 
im to high to be workin today 
bein a long nite its time to pass out deuces motherfucker 
food just kicked my ass just took a fat daddy burger challenge 
yay i love workin on saturday !! 
memories u just look back sometimes & think & i wouldnt change any decision iv made . 
Chillin dont want to go to work tomorrow 
been a long day fuck the bs gn 
6onna be a bad day just mite hurt someone today 
gonna be a bad day just mite hurt someone today 
got a new roommate must find a way to get rid of him 
Long day with nothing to do isnt this how sanity starts id rather be insane 
Got the new guy trashed last nite it was fuckin hilarious 
my nephew was born this morning im so happy 
I already want the weekend to be here 
Gonna hav a long day i think its time 4 the weekend 
hate some people just mite kill someone today 
wow one long day yesturday but had a blast last nite 
gettin ready packin my shit bye to killeen 
i quit im movin to canada who's comin with me man 
gonna b a gud nite burnin the rest of my ex's shit hell yea 
dont u hate it when people drive u crazy 
got the rest of the day off gonna chill 4 a bit mayb a nap hmmmm 
last that im in town be4 im in the desert 4 a month 
just 9 hours then off to the desert yay 
out in the fuckin desert again lets get this done i want to c the better part of cali & go home 
time to kick someones ass 
doin my army thing feels like i just got back 4rm iraq now im gettin ready to go again 
watchin the giants playin the cowboys 
goin to bed got a mission tomorrow 
ready to blow shit up hell yea 
i think i mite have rebroke my hand yay 
gunna b witout my fone 4 2 weeks wat to do 
back from the desert 
Damn im never drinkin again 
not ready for work tomorrow 
ready for the day now did a nice run this mornin 
jus got done playin dj at the x-mas party 
dont know wat to do at times can anyone help me find my sanity plz 
movie nite yo . first up < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs . the world 
played ultimate football this mornin now ready 4 tha day 
three random words that come to mind GO !!! 
suck at tha dentists office i think my insanity is actin up mf 
finally lost my mind but im goin 4 wat i want insanity's ffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnn !!!!!!!!!!! 
whos down 4 som dennys 
party 2nite baaabbbyyyyy 
my boys r nuts gadda lub um 
this shit is funny my boy jus jak my < PROPFIRST > boy in da jaw but its all gud 
< PROPFEMALE > x- mas erbody 
goin to get me some bruhaha 
countin down tha dayz b4 im bak in tha sandbox 
gettin classy got me a bottle of red wine 
party startin lets do this 
watchin along came < PROPFEMALE > hilarious 
i may b tired but im not weak time to drink 
goin nuts deployment needs to hurry up and get here 
i could use a cough drop anyone 
fml could i b any more of a moron 
chillin shots shots shots shots 
i hate this town killeen can burn in hell 4 all i care 
im < PROPFIRST > montaco ....... Say hello to naco < PROPFEMALE > grande 
anyone wanna go to iraq for me 
ok evey one bye til im bak from iraq 
in ireland couple more hrs to go b4 iraq 
at my final destination in iraq if u wanna mail me anythin my address is \ 
spc < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > hubbard\ 
A battery TF 2-82 FA , 3HBCT\ 
COB Adder-Tallil , Iraq\ 
APO , AE 09331 
days are already runnin n to each other before i know it ill b home and out the army 
another day in iraq this is gay 
BREAKING NEWS : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Hell Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to 1-800-waa-aaah with Dr. Sniffle Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' . If you like this , repost it . If you don't ... suck it up < PROPFEMALE > ! Life doesn't revolve around you 
help spread awareness of the cure for stupidity and bitch slap every moron 
lite that shit smoke that shit paaaass that shit 
I took a job knowing I would never get < PROPMALE > . I've missed out on MANY holidays and SPECIAL occasions in order to protect the lives of others . I am expected to lay down my life or take a life if necessary . It's been proven that my life expectancy is shorter than yours because of the stress I go through . And some think I'm not deserving of a pension or health care benefits ? Repost if you SUPPORT your armed forces 
