I finally put some of the pictures on my camera on my computer . 

Holy hell , it's almost noon . 
I can't figure out if summer is flying by or taking forever . How can it possibly do both ? 
What the heck . I took the \Which Legendary Warrior are you\ " quiz and it told me I was < PROPMALE > Saget . I got screwed over somewhere . " 
Aaagh ! So many good movies and games coming out soon ! I'll never be able to play/watch them all ! 
Great . PT today . 
Yes ! Pt was cancelled ! I ; ve felt like a zombie since that four mile run this morning . ( Note -- I am not a zombie , I just felt like one ) 
Awesome . I get to go to San < PROPMALE > in a week . Visit my brothers . 
Uh oh . PT today . 
Had an awesome time playing hide and seek at Fairview Park . I don't care how old I get , that game never gets boring . 
Transformers midnight showing tomorrow ! I can't wait ! Someone help me build a timne machine . 
Everyone , go see Transformers . It's the best thing since the discovery of fire . 
In Chico . Partway there . Crap , I have to get one a plane tomorrow . Also , it's hot down here . 
In San < PROPMALE > ! Finally ! 
Something you don't want to hear from the guy next to you on the plane : \I just threw up for the first time in 30 years . I've never been this sick in my life . \"" 
I'm in Chico on my way home . This weekend was pretty good , but i'm going to be glad to get home . 
K Falls . I love it . Minus the lack of things I can drink . I'm thirsty again . 
Why dp people get excited when someone's house is burning down ? Why do they think it's a public spectacle ?! This isn't the damn Coliseum ! 
Just finished playing spoons . Is it normal to hurt more from playing a card game than from a good workout ? 
I just finished the roof ... Or so I thought . 
FYI : Mountain Dew and cherries taste really weird together . 
Why isn't there a single stor in KFalls carrying Fallout 3 for PC ? Why ? WHY ? 
Has anyone else noticed that all the animals you are taught are cute and cuddly when you're a kid , like bears and hippos and lions , are actually man killers ? 
Was gazing silently at the throne before him . 
Marines and sailors from the sloop < PROPMALE > land and burn the pirate town of Miconi in the Cyclades Islands near Greece . Well < PROPFEMALE > , there's what my other book had to say . This is going to be confusing , I have a < PROPFEMALE > and a < PROPFIRST > as friends ... 
So many chores ... So many fun things to do ... So many cool people to do stuff with ... So little time for chores ! 
Feels oddly introspective ... And needs to write . 
Been trying to avoid my parents all day . And , as usual , failing miserably . 
Needs to get his ass in gear . No matter how he looks at it , everything is going by way to fast ... Or he is going way to slow . 
Everyone deserves three things . A hero , justice , and a < PROPMALE > . 
Can't seem to find a way out ! 
My sister just called to ask me how to spell a word in < PROPMALE > . Except that she's the one who took six or seven years of it , visited < PROPMALE > y , and was fluent ! 
Had majorly weird dreams . I started running around on a skyscraper roof trying to avoid ggetting blown off by the wind or shot by a helicopter . Then I found a trapddor into the duct system and crawled through the ducts until I exited a vent with two other people who just appeared . Then me and < PROPMALE > were sneaking through a building . < PROPMALE > tried ti smash asecurity camera with a fire extinguisher , but he couldn't reach it 
Hates how blisters are like ninjas ... You never notice one coming until it's too late ! 
You know your mother loves you when she calls you by your older brothers name instead of the dogs . 
Till shade is gone , till water is gone , into the shadow with teeth bared , screaming defiance with my last breath , to spit in Sightblinder's eye on the Last Day . 
Had a great time at PT ! Met a couple friends , one of whom I hadn't seen for about a year and the other for at least 3 months ! 
I never knew that everyone I've ever heard mispronounces Altair's name . 
I don't kmow if it's my computer or Vampire Wars , but one or the other is tweaking out . 
Prayers needed for 12yr old Avi < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > who , after a serious car crash , is now in a critical coma . Please change your status for 1 hour so more people can become aware and add him to their prayers . Thank you . ( copy & paste ) 
I feel retarded . My dad and I drove right past < PROPFIRST>'s house twice without recognizing it or seeing the sign with his last name on it . 
Holy Hell ... School is starting ... It feels really weird to not be going anymore ... 
Trying to fill out the ROTC application ... I hate paperwork ... 
I'm not dead . Yet . At least , I think I'm not . It still hurts . 
Finally watched 300 , and I'm disappointed . 
Watched Boondock Saints . Great movie . I feel sorry for the cat , though . 
I'm really confused , but I know who to go to for help , now . Thank you , < PROPFIRST > and Kjaersti . 
No one should be frozen in carbonite , nor slowly digested over a thousand years in the belly of a sarlaac , just because they cannot pay Jabba the money they owe him . If you agree with this , please repost this as your status . 
Define Evil . Then define Good . 
I've recently ddiscovered that I not only have multiple split personalities , they are also constantly at war inside my head . It's actually rather entertaining . 
Fire ... Blue ... Blue fire !!! Hahahahahahahahah !!!!!!!!!!!! Those were what was on my mind . Thanks for asking . And no , the wonderful world of < PROPMALE > doesn't offer season passes . 
OM- ... Hello , God . Normally I would say speak of the Devil , but that somehow seams innapropriate in my present company . 
Get well , sick people ! Preferably before you get me sick too ! 
Having four conversations at once and still finding time for random thoughts , two daydreams , and several world domination plots . Because I'm awesome . 
Damn out of memory message ! 
For Love and Peace . 
Gunfight !... That was scary ... 
Wow ... The only people in my chat are < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . It's weird . 
Has the theme that plays whenever Vash is in his \awesome BA gunman mode\ " stuck in his head . At least it's a cool theme . " 
Repeat after me : This world is made ...... This world is made of ...... This world is made of Love and Peace !!! 
Apparently , my turn to get sick has finally come . This sucks . 
Today sucked ... It could have been worse , though . I'm alive . But I missed both Ju-jitsu and Young Life . Also , I've discovered why I hate being sick . I can't make myself really interested in or focused on anything . Not even reading . And I can't sleep ...... And my temperature is now approximately 103 degrees . It's going to be a long night , and a longer day tomorrow . 
This really sucks ... I can't even take a long , hot shower for fear it'll make my temperature spike too high . 
I have to wonder : how did my parents become so incredibly good at shooting down good moods ? 
DOOM !!! 
I went to the going away party for my friend < PROPFIRST > tonight . He ships for Basic tomorrow ... And now I begin to realize how little time I have left , and how long Basic and Infantry School are going to be . 
is really confused , but like that's anything new ... 
Define \justice . \"" 
Hmm ... Apparently , I am that lucky ! 
At long last , I have discovered a task I hate more than cleaning bathrooms ... Peeling potatoes . 
Well there goes even my feeble attempt at a good mood . 
I have now gone from being in a fairly good , content mood to just wanting to scream in just over an hour . Little things really do pile up . 
Insanity , here I come . Wait , I'm already there . Where do you go after insanity ? 
Leaving for San < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s wedding is almost here ! It's gonna be great ! 
Have to go to Portland a week earlier than I expected ... To get redept . The Marines cut shipping again , so I'm now actually leaving something like December 7 . 
Got home from San < PROPMALE > at about 11:45 P.M. , and then scared < PROPMALE > by giving him a big hug . The trip was great , the new family is awesome , but I'm only here for nine hours before I have to go to Portland . And no , I'm not shipping out yet . 
My quiz results keep randomly changing over time ... 
Why must I always get sick when I get back to KFalls from a trip ? 
Spent most of the day with my girlfriend . It was a good day . 
I hope this stupid sickness is going away ... What does it mean when your temperature feels like it is going up and down a couple degrees every minute ? 
Did very little of any social value today . Unless I'm socializing with one of my friends , in which case today was probably good for at least an hour of conversation ! 
I have discovered that while Big Red gum makes the mouth feel like it's on fire , it soothes the throat . I like this cure ! 
Played a lot of COD Modern Warfare 2 with < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . It's WAY better than the first one ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Today , I am thankful for friends , family , water , food , and explosives ! Oh , and Mythbusters ! 
God , stop trying to give me subtle hints . Slap me awake and point me where you want me to go . Please . 
I'm leaving for Basic in just over three hours . Wish me luck everyone ! I'll miss you all ! 
I'm home from Basic Training . And I never thought I'd say this before , but I'm glad I'm not a < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who ...... gets it and follows the instructions . Also , yes I'm bored . 
I just realized how odd my current situation is . I'm listening to Christian rock , playing a post-apocalyptic video game , sitting next to a bunch of random D&D stuff , and doing Biology homework . 
According to my horoscope I get to be a hero today . Apparently , I'm today's on-call guy if you need help . Believe me , it scares me too . 
To all you people who wished or prayed for a snow day out loud , you need to know that YOU JINXED IT !!! 
GU and then back on Saturday , and then church and a game day Sunday !... I love my life . 
I had about 10 hours of sleep in the last three days , but it was totally worth it . GU was incredible beyond belief !!! 
I'm abruptly single again . I don't have any idea how I feel about it , but ... Well , life goes on . I suppose I should be more emotional about this , but it's something I can't control . I can't make her want to be with me , the feeling has to be mutual , so I'll keep moving and praying for both of us to find the right person , the one whom God intends for us . I wish her the best , and I'll include her in my prayers . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
I just discovered my desktop has Crater Lake and a lake in the Trinities as backgrounds . It's weird to see out-of-the way places I've been as backgrounds getting sent all over the world . 
I'm going to go hide out in the woods until all the annoying pink stuff goes away . Have fun with Oregon Statehood Day everybody ! Wear green . 
Hey all , my new phone number is 541-892-3328 . But I'll just warn you now , I still can't send text messages , so don't expect me to reply to ones you send me . I might call you to respond , but not text . 
Is there another Pep Band game ? If so , someone tell me . 
Registered for next term . Math , Environmental Science , Writing 121 ( hopefully ) , and Cultural Anthropology . 
I think I'm ready to blow this thing ... 3 , 2 , 1 , Let's Jam ! 
I said if I saw a tank coming , I'd totally freak out ! And I'm freaking out ! 
I feel weird . Now there's usually more than ten people online for chat . I didn't even know I knew this many people . 
I don't read my mind . I just look at the pictures . 
I have just discovered that I dislike paperwork every bit as much as I dislike math . Maybe more . 
All Martians , come out of hiding ! It's a day for Little Green Men ! 
In Idaho till Monday . But when I get back , I want to go paintballing ! 
Today I saw either an alien organism or the weirdest bag of wood chips ever . 
And in yet another game , I find that monks are just BA . There's no getting around it ! 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You may find it interesting to know what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence : The Coats in Klamath Falls , back in 2000 , I think . 
My chat is telling me there's 8 people online while only showing 7 names . I have a computer that can't count ! 
The light-blasted weather is torturing me . It's < PROPFEMALE > and beautiful until the evening before I'm supposed to go paintballing ... And now a storm is coming in . 
So they just passed a health care plan written by a committee whose chairman says he didn't understand it , passed by a Congress that exempts themselves from it , signed by a president who smokes , with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes , all to be overseen by a surgeon general who is obese ,...... and better yet it is to be financed by a country that's broke ? \-Repost if you agree !!! See More " 
I have no idea how I'm holding on to sanity . Hell , I don't even know what \sanity\ " is . " 
Well , my desktop up and died . Hopefully , it's just a startup malfunction in one of the USB ports , and not something < PROPMALE > . And it had to happen the day I bought Mass Effect 2 , which was looking like an incredible game . 
I should find something to use for a backstop so I can use my bows again . I'm sure that all my skill has faded away in over a year without practice . 
I want to buy a Kusari-gama . Only problem is that then I'll have to try to use it , and I'll probably hurt myself . Just like with nunchucks . 
Being the only guy with a machine gun vs . two snipers with heartbeat sensing scopes = extremely scary , and lots of running for your life . 
Snow , your party's over . It's Sun's turn now . 
My English teacher is almost as crazy as I am . I think that's going to be a fun class . 
I've now been to all of my classes . This term'll probably be hard , but fun ! 
I just got the results back on the diagnostic of my computer . Turns out that the motherboard's fried . Great . 
It seems that every time I say \paintballing\ " the weather takes a dramatic turn for the worse . " 
So how many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , here's a task for you ... I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met ... I mean our first encounter ever .. then re-post this as your status and see what kind of results you get . I'll bet you'll be amazed 
A good weekend ! Even though I died . And saw my own corpse . That part was a little weird . 
Can't sleep , for some reason . Strange since I was up after 2 last night ... I really hope school gets shut down tomorrow . 
\I am Iron Mann ! \"" 
I should be doing homework . Instead , I'm plotting a fantasy story , watching National Geogrphic channel , and obviously , messing around on Facebook . At least I can multitask , eh ? 
Anthropology class . Because it sounds nicer to say humans \replaced\ " the other species of hominids . " 
Love is what makes the world go round . Without or love for each other , we'd have killed each other off long ago . More importantly , without God's love for us , either he'd have killed us all long ago or we'd all be going to hell . So be glad for love , and spread it around ! 
YOU ARE BRAVE ... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 . Crazy , 2 . I'd marry you , 3 . Talkative , 4 . Sarcastic , 5 . Loveable , 6 . Moody , 7 . Dumb , 8 . Spoiled , 9 . Mouthy , 10 . Random , 11 . Hot , 12 . Funny , 13 . Sexy , 14 . Amazing , 15 . Beautiful , 16 . Cute , 17 . Generous , 18 . Smart Ass 
\Aw man !... I even ironed my going out hair ! \"" 
Being the knight in shining armor sucks when someone else is < PROPMALE > charming . 
Nothing to get you in a good mood like watching other people suffer . That should be the slogan for < PROPFEMALE>'s Funniest Home Videos . 
The Book of Exalted Deeds : the first rulebook I ever read that lifted my spirits and made me want to go help people . 
Note to self : never kick < PROPFIRST>'s dog . And that's good advice for all of you , too . It never ends well . 
Sometimes , I wish my sister could be in a good mood on the days where I'm in a good mood . That , or that she'd hide in her room like she normally does instead of deciding to take it out on other people . 
Apparently , I should just < PROPFEMALE > a sweater everywhere I go and not say paintball . When I have a sweater and avoid saying paintball , the weather's nice . As soon as I break one of those rules , it goes downhill . 
My homework : to write a < PROPFEMALE > long sentence without breaking any grammar rules and without listing . Basically what every writing teacher I've had up to this point has told me not to do . 
If it's going to snow , the least it can do is be useful . Such as closing schools , or sticking around long enough to go sledding . Or both . 
Well , that attempt at doing homework was short lived . I don't know why I'm surprised , considering I've been putting those assignments off for something like two weeks now . 
Wow ... I never would have guessed that KCC is important . There's a senator and a representative there ! 
Played Borderlands with < PROPMALE > , watched Avatar with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > ler and < PROPMALE > , then < PROPMALE > out at < PROPMALE>ler's for the rest of the weekend , where I got to play Dynasty Warriors . All in all , a great weekend ! I just wish it was about ... Oh , five days longer ! 
If you refuse to stand up for what you believe , then what will you stand up for ? If you won't fight for what you love , then what would you fight for ? 
To everyone in KTown , movie night tonight at my place ! Don't know what movies we'll be watching , I'm open for suggestions !... Though I'm leaning toward < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Python . Head over anytime ! 
I almost feel guilty for skipping Bio lecture ... Except that I'd probably sleep through it again anyway . At least this way I don't waste the hour it takes me to get there and the hour to get back . 
There's a funny thing about power . Those with the most \power\ " actually have very little Power . And those with no \ " power\ " have all the Power in the world . " 
I just realized that I had a dream that my freezer was packed with ice cream ... Unfortunately , reality isn't that beautiful . 
OK . Now I really want to play < PROPFEMALE > Ultimate Alliance again . 
What the heck ! People keep leaving in the middle of conversations ! This is getting really annoying . 
Why is it that I can't sleep all weekend , and I can't sleep Sunday night , but there's nothing that sounds better than sleeping when I have to go to class ? 
Oops . I think I just kinda < PROPMALE > up on < PROPFIRST > . Sorry , < PROPFIRST > . 
MY DESKTOP IS ALIVE AGAIN !!! IT'S ALIVE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
\ 
Or undead . Scary thought . 
Great weekend ! Now I'm really tired , but still looking forward to the week ! 
Damnit ! My computer was working , and now it's not again , and it seems that now the power supply is freaking out ! \ 
And even worse , since it won't turn on , the disk for Mass Effect 2 is stuck in the disk drive . It's definetly a Monday . 
I have decided that no matter what happens to me today , I'm going to have a good day ! 
I'm awesome . No , not just awesome . More like incredibly , insanely , totally , fantastically , unbelieveably , blessedly AWESOME !!! 
I've discovered that fantasy story ideas and sci-fi movies don't translate into Writing 121 essays very well . They just get me more distracted . 
Yay . I love waking up at 3:30 and not being able to sleep again . What joy ... 
Hooray for no school ! I want to < PROPFEMALE > out today . 
After two weeks of \working\ " on this paper 
2 bad guys melted by acid ... 1 thrown dagger ... 1 hammer to the throat ... 2 spears snatched out of mid-air ... random bolts flying through the air ... a living rope ... and a pot-bellied dragon-bird snagging everything shiny ... \ 
Not a drug trip . Just another day in the life of a hero . 
( Jedi Mind Trick ) You want to give me the gold . 
Just realized I have an essay to write , and two finals that I don't know when they are . Uh oh . 
Two finals down ... And a free day between them . What should I do ? 
I need to get off Facebook . I have homework due tomorrow , which is also known as the last day of class . 
Finished my homework with 2 1/2 hours to spare ! 
I'm currently eating an amazing meal . Mac&Cheese and steak , with the juices from cooking the steak poured on the < PROPMALE > . It's amazing ! 
That scared the living heck out of me . For a second it seemed like my laptop was going to go the way of my desktop , Ipod , and mouse ... to electronics heaven . 
Recently discovered that the Juniper tree by my balcony isn't a Juniper at all . It's an Incense Cedar . And on top of that , it's an endangered species . 
I swear my desktop is cursed . First it dies , then it comes back to life just long enough to fool me and the technician on the phone into thinking it's fixed , then it dies again , and now it's impossible for me to get hold of Dell . \ 
This sucks . 
Getting music from < PROPMALE > so I have something to listen to on my trip . 
Finally home !... Just in time for summer term . 
Creative writing is going to be amazing !!! \ 
Math 95 , not so much . 
Dropped math , kept writing , summer's going to be fun ! 
Well , a < PROPFEMALE > technician should be by sometime in the next week to finally fix my desktop ! 
OK , so the power supply for my desktop is on back order . And it turns out that that , too , was broken on my computer . So my computer can't be fixed . \ 
Instead , they're sending me a new computer , with equal or better specs , for free . I think I like warranties . 
Everyone's invited over on the 4th to < PROPFEMALE > out and watch Independence Day , see the fireworks , and light some of our own ! \ 
I think we'll try avoid firing a bottle rocket into the dry grass this year , though . 
New computer is here ! I've got some stuff to transfer , but once I get that done it's going to be awesome ! 
Never thought I would say this , but my new computer hates games even more than the Vista one did . 
Saw the Sorcerer's Apprentice ! It was awesome ! I'd buy it ! 
JUST BEAT MASS EFFECT 2 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
It was an amazing game ! I was sad that I lost Mordin Solus and Thane Krios , because both of their characters were awesome . 
I like today . I got up for an hour and a half to do chores , got back in bed , and since then I've only moved to raid the kitchen . Yay for really good books ! 
Never thought this would happen , but I'm removing Windows 7 from my new computer and installing Vista . It was less tempermental with my games . 
Note to self : next time , believe what the clock says . It's probably right . 
Dinner with Schmucks was a very , VERY good movie ! I'm buying it when it comes out . 
My parents have an incredible ability to sense whenever I'm in a good mood , and kill it . 
Good day , in the end . Played a bunch of original Halo with < PROPMALE > , finished the level < PROPMALE > and I couldn't beat with < PROPFIRST > , and played a lot of Assassin's Creed II and Starcraft II . Original Elites are BA , I truly am ninja , and Protoss rule ! 
Great start to day : squashed y thumb like a bug . If it's not broken in one way or another , I will be amazed . 
I hope my thumb stops swelling tonight . If it doesn't , it'll explode and I'll have a whole new set of problems . 
My thumb is actually going back to a somewhat normal size and shape . Hooray ! 
I finally manage to scrape a little sanity together and it gets crushed ... I think I'm just going to stick with being crazy . 
Me and < PROPFIRST > beat Starcraft II : Wings of < PROPFEMALE > . Now we can't wait for the next ones ! 
I was happy because I thought I had a couple weeks off from school . Now I find out it's more like a month and a half . \ 
I don't even know what to do with that much free time anymore . 
I just realized I really haven't done much of social value this week . 
Take every excuse to celebrate . And when you can't come up with one , isn't the fact that you're alive reason enough ? 
I just realized that technically , I don't have a replica Katana . It's actually just a low-quality No-Dachi . \ 
Unless I sharpen it . In which case it'll go back to being a replica Katana . 
I'm having a conversation with two girls , one who I barely know and one who I don't know at all , and using one of my best friends posts to do it . It feels extremely weird . 
Fable would be a lot easier if my computer would stop deciding that those key combinations mean \shut down the game . \"" 
I don't wanna get up , I don't wanna get up , I don't wanna get up this morning ! I don't wanna get up , I don't wanna get up , I don't wanna get up today ! ( to the tune of the Bugle Call ) 
I'm the whitest , nerdiest ninja you'll ever meet . 
I almost had a car fall on me and never had an adrenaline rush . Is that a bad sign ? 
Played Earth Defense Force 2017 all day yesterday , and it is now on my list of all-time favorites . \ 
Then we went and got Halo Reach ! Bring it on Covenant ! 
Haven't gotten to play Reach much yet , cause < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > spent the last ... about 8 or 9 hours straight trying to beat it on legendary , and then my family took over the TV . I shall have to rectify this situation tomorrow . 
Seriously , in how many games does something that look like a BB gun fire a bolt of holy fire ? 
Good job Hosanna ! I don't know half of what goes on in volleyball , but I understand that you won ! \ 
And good job < PROPFEMALE > , because whatever you say you played well ! 
Welcome to the Masquerade . I'm the White Knight . 
Why's it that when I have to get up early the next day I can't sleep ? 
Well , I must say that that lasted a lot longer than I thought it would . Good job < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > , I wish I'd started coming to games before you got hurt . 
I'm not looking forward to school starting back up tomorrow ... And the 13 or so hours of sleep I've had in the last few days are laughing in my face right now . 
First day of class is done , and I'm looking forward to U.S. History and Writing 122 . Math 95 , not so much . 
GRUNTPOCALYPSE : because you had no idea just how scary Grunts really are !!! 
\Ninja Dodge !... Or not . \"" 
First time I've ever heard the Chinese compared to aliens . 
New Family Guy with Rush Limbaugh ! My dad actually wanted to watch it , how scary is that ? 
That was a good episode . The best part was definetly when Rush flew away . 
Yay ... Test day in Math . I'm sure you all see how excited I am . 
I've decided that hard cider is OK . 
Did someone come by my house today looking for me ? That's what my sister said , but her description of the person left me more confused than not having a description . 
Apparently , my desktops are cursed . My new one refused to turn on and spent all night trying to \repair\ " itself . And failing . " 
I hate homework ... There's so many distractions , and then you get to where the time crunch starts and you really need to get it done , and that becomes yet one more distraction ... Not to mention all the other distractions are still there , which is why I'm complaining about it on Facebook instead of working on the homework . 
Well Satan , that was fast . Nice try with the testing of me . Especially nice touch using my family and a couple of my friends whom I worry for . But you know what ? \ 
God wins , and he says I should be joyful ! 
How on earth do you summarize a diary , which is by it's very definition a summary of someone's life and thoughts ? 
Yay the suffering is ended !... Provided that my instructor can access the file , of course . 
I want sleep . Real sleep . And good dreams . 
I'm so tired that not only can I not focus , I can't even pay attention to Scrubs or Family Guy ! 
I would love to go diving with whales ! I just need to remember not to get close to a mother with her calf . 
I wish I was Atlas . Then I could < PROPFEMALE > the weight of the world on my shoulders . 
I find I intensely dislike it when people flake out at the last minute . And when they don't even have the courtesy to tell me that they are flaking out ... My self-control becomes severely tested . 
I\ 
asked Jesus , \how much do you love me ? \ " Jesus replies 
BROTHERSWEEK ... if you have a brother who has made you laugh ... Stuck up for you ... Drove you crazy ... Hugged you ... Watched you succeed ... Saw you fall ... Picked you back up ... Cheered you on ... Made you strong ; Copy and paste this to your status ! 
Spent a few hours today watching Ancient Aliens on the History Channel ( which was hilarious ) and watched some Destination Truth ( which I'm still watching , and thus is hilarious ) . Good day . 
I discovered that cheese and cinnamon rolls are a good combination . 
I was about to go to sleep ... Then I saw that the next episode of Mythbusters in the marathon was one I'd never seen . 
Ghost Hunters Live ! Hopefully some interesting stuff happens . 
Now , thanks to History class and < PROPFEMALE > , I'm going to have a < PROPFEMALE > Wars day . 
Really tired and running on maybe 3 hours of sleep , but that's OK because I spent something like 20 hours either playing Fable 3 and Fallout : New Vegas or watching < PROPFIRST > play them . Both awesome games ! 
The fate of Bacon : out of the frying pan and into the fryer . 
Had an interesting discussion with < PROPFIRST > about the one duel Miyamoto Musashi lost , and how no , just because the guy who beat him was amazing with a stick doesn't mean he'd be amazing with a sword . 
After 2 hours , 32 minutes , and 55 seconds , I finally beat MY custom firefight mode on Reach . Sad thing is , I did better alone than I did with a partner . 
4 day weekend ! 4 day weekend ! 4 day weekend ! 4 day weekend ! \ 
Once for each day off . 
Huh . Randomly , my desktop lives again . I'm posting from it . 
I'm studying for History class !... a.k.a. playing Empire Total War ! 
Dream big , and don't ever stop . \ 
Dream big , and don't ever let it go . \ 
Shoot for the stars , and if you miss and hit the clouds , it's far better than shooting for the dirt and hitting every time . 
I'm seriously disapointed that there wasn't a snow day . 
Although I like the < PROPMALE > Potter series , one thing always annoyed me : a Redneck would have solved all their problems years ago . 
< PROPMALE > and I discovered the auto-recorded videos of the Youth Group playing Reach , and some of our firefights . < PROPFIRST > , your memory is slowly being taken up with awesome screenshots that you weren't present for !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving y'all! 
I feel sick ... But the best thermometer I can find is the one for the turkey , and I really don't want that used on me . 
Hm ... Now either the XBOX isn't sending video , or the TV isn't receiving it . Great . 
More snow !... And of course almost everyone is out of town , I don't have a car I trust to drive in it , and my mom gave most of our sleds away . 
On the bright side , I found out why < PROPFIRST>'s XBOX wasn't transferring video : the stupid cable flicked itself to HD again . 
Stupid cat knocked my laptop off my desk , and now the disc drive won't open . Great . 
You're the fighter you've got the fire\ 
The spirit of a warrior , the champion's heart\ 
You fight for your life because the fighter never quits\ 
You make the most of the hand you're dealt\ 
Because the quitter never wins 
I have a problem with persuasive speeches : I'm usually right , and I know it , and whether or not they want to admit it a lot of other people know it . It's hard to find something to persuade people of when they're already persuaded . 
#5 thing that pops up as a suggestion when fire is typed in the Google search : fire sheep . 
Zoids ! 
Today was great ! And , however odd this sounds , I'm really looking forward to finals this week ! 
December 7 , 1941 : a date which will live in infamy . 
2 finals left : US History 1 and Speech 111 . I'm not sure we actually have tests for either of them . 
HA !!!! A in Math ! I AM THE MASTER !!! 
Yay , Christmas decorations . 
Thank God for giving me strength . It's helpful every once in a while . 
Happy B-day Jesus ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone else ! 
Take up the Sword of Truth , and stand against the lies of the world ! 
It didn't seem like it was going to be that hard to go without TV for a week until I realized that there seem to be DVD racks everywhere I go , I unconsciously watched the weather this morning , and my favorite shows had Facebook updates ... Now it seems like torture . 
Finally started learning to play electric base ! Oh yeah , I'm awesome ! 
GU was AWESOME !!! I got sick and it was still incredible ! 
Yes ! Got my History paper done and turned in on time ( actually , turned in an hour early ) and still got to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > for a bit , go to the basketball game ( Mercadez Cossairt did awesome ! ) , and get 7 hours of sleep ! \ 
Who's the Mann ? I'm the Mann ! 
First day I get to sleep in for at least a week , I stayed up late , and how far do I make it ? 9:00 A.M. There was a time I thought that was early ... 
Suddenly I don't care so much about being single on Valtine's day , because there is a lot more to love than a girlfriend . I love my friends and family . More importantly , God loves us all . How does it go ? \For God so loved the world ... \ " Jesus is my < PROPFIRST >." 
How about we make use of the snow and go sledding ? Call me if you want to . 
Come on , please let Biology and History be cancelled tomorrow ! 
Crap . Just realized I have a huge lab report and a history paper due monday , and I haven't even started on either of them . This could get interesting . 
Just slightly electrocuted myself ... Nothing bad , only an instant blister . Good thing I absorb electricity so well . \ 
Considering that that happened while I was trying to fix my laptop power cord , this might be the last time I'm on Facebook for a while . Bye y'all! 
Getting a new power cord happened much faster than I had suspected . 
And now dead week begins ... Two weeks to spring break . I wish it was already here . 
Finally finished my Writing paper ... just in time to get more Bio homework . I love the last week of term . \ 
Not . 
Sure enough , I got some more homework from writing . I can't wait for term to be over ! 
1 more assignment , a couple finals , and I'm done . Thank God ! 
Three finals today ... But then no school for a week and a half . I can't wait ! 
My Finals are complete ! Freedom at last ! \ 
I wonder if this is something akin to what you'd feel after breaking out of jail , or the zoo . 
Had an 8 hour work day out at KCC moving parts of the labs to one of the new buildings . Nothing like realizing that you are standing in a room full of bottles marked flammable , corrosive , poisonous , deadly , or occaisionally just with a skull to keep you on your toes . 
Put in 28 hours of work this week ! I like it . 
Well , school's about to start again . Are you ready ? I'm ready ! 
Wow ... basically nothing worked out as planned today . Except getting school books . 
The adapter piece of my power cord vanished at some point today . I really hope I find the stupid thing , otherwise my homework is going to be a little hard to do . 
