happy new years fb family and friends :) 

friends and family 
im chillin on the computer but it's time 2 go 
it's another blessed day for me .. i woke up smiling so now i will make it another day 
another blessed day , i think i will be alright 
another blessed day and i feel good !!!! GOD has woke me and my family another beautiful day ... and i can keep it pushing . 
good mrning everone ... time 2 work , shop , eat or play somebody will do 1 or all of these things today .. GOD BLESS 
well my time is getting short i will be back 2 work soon i guess im glad though ... GOD IS GOOD at least i have a job 2 go 2 . 
hey my facebook friends it's getting close 2 my birthday and i must say happy birthday 2 me . i'm blessed and loved by GOD my family and friends so what more can a person ask for .... NOTHING right ? 
well in life you never know what it may bring , but you learn how to deal with the GOOD the BAD and the UGLY well im the best cause i have made it through it all ... guess what i'm still smiling . ( THANK YOU GOD ) 
Happy Birthday to me ..... God is good , another blessed year I'm 44 and happy . I will kick back and have fun .. luv my facebook family 
good morning facebook friends , another blessed day and a happy one i might add .... lok into your soul and find yourself , if u know you then you don't have to know anyone else :) 
well good morning my facebook friends and family ... i have had a blessed week and must say GOD IS GOOD my great neice had a surgery and is doing great through the GRACE of GOD !!!! i will be going back to work next week am i ready ? i don't know but i do know bills have to be paid so off to work i will gladly go :) 
good morning facebook friends and family .. happy labor day !!! i hope everyone has a nice day today doing whatever makes u happy , drinking , smoking , and just good old eating ... have fun :) 
Hey all my 95th st co-workers tic toc the clock has stopped time to rise and shine ... see everybody tomorrow 8:00 sharp ;-) 
well im back at work , i don't know should i cry or laugh .. it's rough and it is only day 3;what's going to happen by the end of the year :( 
Happy Friday to all my facebook friends and family ... hell I made all week and I didn't cry after all now it's time for the count down to Thankgiving vacation :-) 
Goodmorning facebook family and friends , I have made it through the first week of work ... well it's time for new rules and a new out look , we have a year together I must make it work ... look out kids < PROPFEMALE > is back ;-) 
What a good Monday this was ... I really actually enjoyed being there if only everyday could be today :-) 
Good morning family and friends , I woke this morning with a big smile on my face , so I know I will be smiling the whole day .. GOD IS GOOD :-) 
Good morning facebook family and friends , it's Monday morning and it's back to work ... I said my prayer at 5:00 this morning I'm looking forward to a good day . I hope everybody have a good one to :-) 
Good morning , facebook family and friends ... ok yesterday it was so hot at 113 degrees that when I came out to my car at noon time and got in the earrings I was wearing were dangle earrings so they touched my neck ... well guess what both of them burnt my neck , now that's just to damn hot right ? :-) 
Happy hump day two day's gone and two to go :) I had goood news after work so things got to be better today because yesterday almost made me QUIT :-( but each day I just pray and think about all the bills that have to be paid ... smh so I get up with a smile another day :-) 
Ooooh HAPPY FRIDAY world and I do mean a happy one ;-) I just love them u really get to enjoy ur two days off ... with the heat all week I'm going to enjoy just being at home doing nothing eat and sleep that's all I need :-) 
awww it's SATURDAY and i am enjoying doing house cleaning , who would think cleaning your house could be more relaxing then going to work ... well it is to me , and tomorrow i will most likely do nothing at all but cook a good Sunday dinner for my family and watch movies :) 
Good morning fb family and friend's , I hope everyone I know and love is having a blessed Sunday .... I'm just relaxing today preparing for my work week you never know what going to happen at work :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , it's Tuesday and all is well ... I like Tuesday's because we have early dismissal at school but then I have to spend the last hour of work in a meeting oooooo how fun :-( 
Happy hump day fb family and friends ... today it is raining and I much rather be home enjoying it then at work working in it but oh well enjoy it y'all I wiill :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , hope everyone is doing well out there ... it's Thursday and all is good , one day away from HAPPY FRIDAY right and I'm real happy because I have a 3 day weekend this week :-) I don't get paid for my day off and I don't care is that a bad thing ? Not for me .... :-) 
Goodmorning fb family and friends , HAPPY FRIDAY everyone ... I have a three day weekend , I won't be at work on Monday due to my furlough day so that is a day of no pay but I look at it as a day that I will be free from the kids and the madness they bring with them everyday , so I am smiling and gladly not getting paid for that day ... whatever ;-) I know my co-workers are feeling the same about their big day 
good morning fb family and friends , it's my furlough day and it feels great . I do have things to do today but that's o.k. because i rested all weekend , i did just your regular house cleaning and cooking . So i don't have a problem going out today at all . See all my co-workers tomorrow well rested and ready for work :( not 
Morning fb family and friends , back at work today I think I had enough rest over my three day weekend .... let's get ready to rumble ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , it's hump day again I kinda look forward to this day of the week because I know in 2 more days it will be Friday awww that's a happy day right ... to all my friends enjoy and count down till the weekend ;-) 
Well good morning fb family and friends , don't have much to say this morning I just want the day to be a good one , pray for me :-) 
HAPPY FRIDAY fb family and friends , here we go again another day another dollar , we do what we have to do to make ends meat so off to work we go no matter what the day may bring us ... today I feel sick but I am still going to work because the < PROPMALE > are calling my name they tell me you still have to pay me no matter how you feel ... so to all my fb peeps have a good day because I plan to ;-) 
Well good morning fb family and friends , it's been awhile since I have been on my page ... I was sick all last week and did not feel like fb or much of anything else but I am back and refresh it ' Monday and wet out here but I'm ready for work with a smile :-) 
Good morning fb friends I survived my first day back after my 4 days off , well today is another day and you just take each day as it comes and hope 4 the best , most of all only you can make your day the best so here's to the best day I hope all my fb family and friends have the best day because I will ;-) 
It's hump day once again we have two behind and two days in front of us , so I don't know which is better hump day or Friday maybe someone can answer that for me , either way I'm getting there can't wait on Saturday because it's my daughter's 21st awwww how long ago did I celebrate that one .. anyway were going to have fun ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends I hope everybody is blessed today . We are one day away from HAPPY FRIDAY :-) and I am really happy about that another good week of pay with all the bills paid , have a good one yall 
Awwwww it's HAPPY FRIDAY and I am sure glad ... it ' Friday and just got paid do any of my fb family and friends remember that song , well I do and that's how I feel right now like singing because it's payday and I can pay the bills for another month . Thank you God for another blessed month of work ... may everyone have a safe Halloween weekend and have fun :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , how are you on this Saturday morning ? I AM HAPPY TODAY IT'S MY BABY'S BIRTHDAY she is 21 today .. now that sends me back 21 years ago having those horrible labor pains , but i was blessed with my beautiful daughter so it was all worth it right :) . We are going to have lunch and our first drink together to toast this wonderful day ... so ( HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > WE LOVE YOU ) . 
Good morning fb family and friends , its Monday and back to the grind we go all over again I hope everybody had a safe and fun weekend because I did ... let's get the week started and enjoy :-) 
Hello fb family and friends it's voting day and we all must vote to have a voice in our government's bs ... if u don't vote how can you complain so let's all speak today no matter what party you are four ... VOTE :-) 
Good afternoon fb family and friends , I didn't comment on my < PROPFEMALE > this morning because it wasn't a good one , but with prayer today I'm ok now but having a teenager can be hard sometimes you just pray and keep going ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , its a better day for me , my daughter and I went out to dinner and had a beautiful time I guess she just needed me to herself and I glad to be loved and needed ... so I know with that thoght in mind today it will be a blessed one :-) 
HAPPY FRIDAY fb family and friends , its going to be a long day my teacher is not here today but I'm going to make the best of the day . I will do a little work with the kids and then we will do some fun things for sure I want this day to be a breeze and it will ... have a good weekend ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends it's MONDAY and here we go another week getting another dollar trying to make it till another payday . Tomorrow we go on a trip to the Getty omg I wonder what is going to be more exciting the kids or the Getty well I will tell u tomorrow :-( 
Well good morning fb family and friends its Tuesday and it is our trip to the Getty . I want to be excited but I don't know what the day will bring the one good thing out of all this is we got a couple of parent that had to go with there's so that will help ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , HAPPY HUMP DAY to all out there . I'm extra excited today my brother is visiting from Oakland for a few days plus we have tomorrow off YES . Yesterday was a mess on our trip did not enjoy the Getty with my class at all but I survived :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , omg you don't know how hard it was to make it to work after being home yesterday with so much to do I didn't feel like I was off but anyway HAPPY FRIDAY everyone have a good day ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , I missed u guys yesterday but I had my brothers and sis in law over Sunday from out of town and well we had a little to much fun shall I say ;-) I could not get up for work my head was hurting really bad :-) but I'm fresh and ready today 
Good morning fb family and friends it is hump day and boy am I glad , yesterday was something else but the one thing I have to look forward to is I am off all next week yeaaaaaaaa I am so HAPPY even if three days we don't get paid I don't care I'm off :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , it's Thursday almost over just one more day and it's going to be a week off Yessssssssss happy times for me :-) 
GOOD MORNING , fb family and friends HAPPY FRIDAY to everyone out there my week is over and my week long vacation begins .... I hope everyone has a safe and pleasent holiday week.it's going to feel good sleeping in all week now I can look forward to my 3 week Christmas vacation next month ;-) 
aaahhhhh goodmorning fb family amd friends how is everybody's holiday week going it's hump day and time to start that good THANKSGIVING dinner so tomorrow all you have to do is eat and gain a few pounds which we all do every year , but i will lose it when i go back to work and have to walk those stairs 6 times a day or more hope evgerybody has a safe holiday and enjoy it ;) 
Good morning fb family and friends it's been a few days since I been on but I have been relaxing so much this past week that there just wasn't a lot to say , but that will all be over Monday back to the grind we go with the count down to Christmas vacation 3 weeks this time yeahhhhhhh :-) 
Ohhhhh it's Monday and back to work I go I'm not ready to be back at work but I am blessed to have work to come back to ... so when I think about it that way I :-) really big not everybody have a job to go to and may our LORD keep them under his wing and things work out for them in the end .. have a good day all 
Good morning fb family and friends .... I have to thank my LORD this morning I am so thankful and humbled for all his blessings . I am excited about my upcoming marriage to the love of my life after 10 years he finally get it :-) so come on December 24th what a great present ... hopefully all the people I love get there well deserved blessings as well ... ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends it's hump day once again 2 days behind and 2 days to go :-) . I try to figure out some people that get the things they want but still complain about what they got ... we all need to be on our knee's . Daily thanking God for what we have I'm warm , fed and clothed with my bills paid I'm blessed what about you ? LET'S BE THANKFUL ;-) 
Hey good morning fb family and friends it's Thursday one more day and the weekend is here yeaaaaa . I'm excited about our Christmas shopping this weekend that's always fun right !!! My kids are waiting for there special gifts always one you really want and then the rest are what you really need I'm happy as long as they are happy ;-) 
HAPPY FRIDAY fb family and friends . We down to 10 day's for ouur three week vacation and boy am I going to be busy but having fun at the same time , I will be going to vegas to visit my stepdaughter and the grandkids plus my marriage I'm so EXCITED about everything WHOOPIE have a blessed weekend everyone out here in fb land 
Good morning fb family and friends , I missed be on here yesterday but it was a busy one ... had to go get our marriage license and still can't have the day I wanted Christmas < PROPFEMALE > :-( but by the time I come back to work on January 10th I will be Mrs. < PROPFIRST > McCullers , the new day is January 7th yeaaaaaaaa happy me . GOD IS GOOD just be true to him and he will be true to you :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , it's hump day and that means 2 days behind and 2 days ahead and here comes the weekend ... we are blessed if we are here today because tomorrow may not be . I'm thinking about my mom who I do have anymore to share my life pleasure's with and this is the happiest I have ever been so those who do still have mom love her and share with her everything that means anything to you :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends the weekend is close and I am happy I have been busy everyday this week after work I will be glad when my daughter gets her car back picking her up everyday is hard but I love so I will do whatever it takes :-) 
Happy Friday fb family and friends so glad its the weekend still have some shopping to do but thank GOD I'm almost done and I can really enjoy my vacation after next week ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , it's almost over the kids go home early all week then when happy Friday gets here we will be gone all day on our 5th grade field trip happy happy happy this will be a wonderful week leading up to our 3 week vacation can't wait :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , I hope everyone is doing well and blessed in one way or another . I am really busy these last few days leading up to the holiday's ... run here do this don't forget to do that I just want to breathe please , I guess that's the wifey and motherly things that we as women do keep it pushin and don't ask any questions cause somebody has to hold down the fort right .. :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends its HUMP DAY and I'm happy the week is almost gone , I hope everyone have a good day ;-) 
Gooood morning fb family and friends its Thursday and I'm smiling really big . We have our class party and our last Christmas program this morning , then it will be time to prepare for my special trip to Vegas to see my soon to be stepdaughter and grandkids can't wait for that . So everyone have a blessed day like me ;-) 
Ooooooh happy Friday good people I am smiling so much my cheeks hurt my vacation has started we went on our trip and all was good now I'm going home , have a good day ppl . :-) 
Hello fb family and friends its Saturday and raining all day my kind of weather ... only if you are at home snuggled and warm , I am already sick so ask me why am I out in this horrible weather ? Because I love my family :-) 
ohhh good morning fb family and friends , it's Tuesday and day 4 of none stop rain for L.A. I AM O.K. with it because i have been finished Christmas shopping last week so i am in the house for the most part nice and warm ... may everyone else be blessed this season and warm !!!!!!!! 
Good morning fb family and friends ... tomorrow is Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and then Christmas day yeahhhhhhhh all the good gifts and fun watching the smiles on your kids faces because you got that one present they really wanted this year what a delight right =-O 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my fb family and friends out there hopefullly everyone was blessed today ;-) 
Good morning fb famil and friends had a wonderful Christmas and I am glad its over ... tomorrow I will be in Vegas with my stepdaughter and grand kid yeahhhhhhh we can't wait :-D 
On my way to Vegas hope to win some money but if not I just want to have fun ... I get to see my stepdaughter and the grandkids can't wait !!!!!! See y'all soon : -* 
Good morning fb family and friends , been up since 3:30 this morning I guess since I wasn't in my bed . Well we will have some fun today I guess , I'm really happy just chillin since I didn't get to my first week off but we in famous Las Vegas so I can't just stay in right :-) 
hey fb family and friends , we are back from Las Vegas and it was so cool ... i saw my step daughter and grandkids and just chilled in the hotel , did some room service and watched movies , i ate real good my step daughter cooked us dinner that was the bomb . I can actually say i had my vacation :) . now i am waiting for the 7th so i can get married at last took long enough !!!!!! 11 years . 
Hello fb family and friends , I hope everfybody have a safe and fun New Years day eat , drink and be jolly while your having fun please don't forget to THANK GOD for blessing you to see another year not everybody will think about all your love ones here now and those that are not and thank him because if your here you are blessed no doubt :-) 
Happy Birthday my sweet baby , I actually don't have any babys at all 3 more years and my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > will be grown . Wow time is not waiting on no one ... any way with time comes wisdom and I have pplenty of that :-) 
Hello fb famil and friends , I'm tryin to get ready for my big day tomorrow but I can't be nervous or excited about it cause I have not had a cigg In 5 days so I'm jittery and uptight about that but well after many years of smoking maybe I can really stop now :-( 
Good morning fb family and friends ... getting ready for my big day , I will be Mrs. Michael McCullers in 2 hours yeaaaaaaaaa hope everyone has a blessed day :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , well our 3 week is over and boy am I sad , I didn't get a < PROPMALE > to enjoy being a married lady yet let alone not smoking and I have to deal with work after just 9 days of no ciggs oh well I am a big girl so let's see what happens 
Well I'm here at work and I'm ready for whatever the day may bring me , I had a hard time getting here but I got here now let's see what the kids have instore for us today .... but let me say to everyone out here have a blessed and happy day back and love all you who wished me luck today : -* 
Good morning fb family and friends , how is everybody out here doing ? Today is day 11 of now smoking and I'm doing better then I expected to say the least .... a couple of our students was not here yesterday so we will see today what happens with me , its a fight in progress but I know I can do it ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , its Thursday so close to our 3 day weekend ... Monday is a special day and all of our African Americans need to enjoy MLK day , he has opened the doors for all of our success today so be grateful and support each other :-) 
HAPPY FRIDAYYYY everybody in fb world , we have a 3 day weekend and my co-workers are very happy . To my 3 beautiful daughters have a blessed and wonderful Friday .... love u guys to death : -* 
Good morning fb family and friends , it was nice being off yesterday enjoying MLK day . Well it's back to work and hopefully it will be a good day and everthing goes well . To everyone have a blessed day ... love my 3 girls and husband hope their day go well too ;-) 
Lesson ' s are learned by most but talt from all ... each day we learn something new either good or bad we are sponges and will soak up all of life's lessons , so take the time to teach someone something new today and show GOD that you are one of his children :-) have a blessed day fb family and friends . 
< PROPFEMALE > TO GOD ... GOD IS GOOD . That is how I feel this morning I just feel blessed and good about it . The week is almost over and I'm glad to have a job , house and my wonderful family . So all you good people in fb world thank whatever GOD you believe in and smile if you feel great this morning ;-) 
HAPPY FRIDAY , I want to send a shout out to my beautiful stepdaughter congrads on your new job ;-) to my baby girl its ok we fuss because we love you and want you to grow up to be a strong BLACK WOMEN don't let no one pull you down , you are who you are and as your parents we love no matter what but stand up for your self we can't do it for you ;-) 
Good afternoon fb family and friends , its a beautiful day out here upper 70's with the sun so bright it is the kind of day to have fun right ? 
Well it's Monday and back to the grind of another long week at work . I hope we have a good week because last week was a little rough , but anyway hopefully everyone have a blessed day ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends .... it's Tuesday which is a early day for the kids yeaaaa , we have a meeting but it is all good . I hope today go as well as yesterday did that will make me real happy ... I hope everyone have a blessed day . 
Ohhh HAPPY HUMP DAY to all my working people 2 days behind and 2 days to go how wonderful . I'm am really blessed in my life right now , I'm waiting on < PROPFIRST > Day last year I got my car well I'm wondering what this year will bring I don't think the husband can top that one but we will see ... just having him love me enough to make me his wife is enough for me ... LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > . :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , yesterday was a little rough with our students so let's see how they treat us today hopefully better then yesterday right .... its Thursday so I'm happy about that but tomorrow my teacher won't be there and we all know how kids act with the subs :-( not good at all but I will survive ;-) have a blessed day all . 
Just one of them days that a girl goes threw when I'm angry inside don't mean to take it out on you :-) 
HAPPY FRIDAYYYYY to the whole world working or not but mainly my working people . I don't know what my day will be like but I have to make the best of it , I have been so stressed for 3 days with our class but today will be a good day that's my prayer for us , our teacher is not here but we will hold the class down for her because that's what your co-workers do . Have a blessed day fb family and friends . :-) 
Yeaaaaaaaa THANK YOU \JESUS\ " we made it the day is over and now we can enjoy our weekend ... can't wait have a good one my friends and family love you all :-D " 
Gooood morning fb family and friends , it's Monday and my weekend is gone boy it was not long enough . It is payday so that is a good thing at least my bills will be paid . Let's see what the kids will be like today hopefully good that's my prayer for today .... A BLESSED DAY :-) 
Not a good day at all at work I just feel like screaming as loud as I can :-( 
Awwwww TUESDAY , another rough day all the round yesterday . :-( I truely hope we have a better day today let's see what our kids will bring for us ... I am so waiting on June 25th and most of the class will be gone to middle school then we can start anew with different students YES anyway have a blessed day fb family and friends I will . :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , it's humpday and boy am I glad ... yesterday wasn't so bad so let's see what today will be like . I brought my baby with me today so she can see why mom be so tired by the end of the day . Have a blessed day everyone . ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , today is Thursday awwww one more day and yeaaa Happy Friday . Yesterday was very disappointing did my taxes and wow only got back half of what I got the past 2 years and boy is that going to hurt when the summer comes and I'm not working , but at least I don't owe money to that dam IRS . Anyway have a blessed day . ;-) 
Ohhhhhh HAPPY FRIDAY to all my fb family and friends that have the job that drives you crazy but you are happy to have one and my blessings to those who don't have one . I am going to try and have a good day no matter what because I'm tired of the stress .... no heart attack for me , so stress free day for everyone on me ;-) 
I thought today could actually be my kick back day , but no the husband wants me to sign up to be his driver and cook for the day how fun is that :-( 
Good morning fb family and friends , here we go again said good bye to the short weekend and hello to our long week . Hopefully everyone have a blessed day out there and don't forget to THANK GOD for something this morning . ;-) 
Awwww this was the best Monday I have had in a very long time , one student was out and boy what a difference that made for the whole day :-) smiles , smiles , and more smiles just a happy day for me . 
Good morning fb family and friends , well I don't know how my day is going to go today but hopefully like yesterday or as close as possible , at least it is an early release Tuesday so that's a plus , but anyway I hope everyone has a blessed day today ;-) 
Not going good today I want to go home NOW .. :-( 
Left work early today my mouth just ain't being nice to me right now 
HAPPY HUMP DAY fb family and friends , here we ago again 2 days gone and 2 more to go . I wish hum for a good day , now I hope I get it because yesterday was not so good :-( but hey I know how good God is so he won't give me 2 bad ones in a row . THANK YOU GOD and you make all the people I know and love have a good day to ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , I told you GOD is good he blessed me yesterday with a pretty good one since the day before was not so good now let's pray for today . Like they say life is like a box of chocolates you never know what it will bring ;-) so may everyone find their personal blessings today . 
Good morning fb family and friends , HAPPY FRIDAYYYYYY !!!!!!! Another weekend is here and its < PROPFIRST > weekend so that's cool right ? I want this to be a wonderful day for everyone ... take all your blessings and grab hold of them and be thankful for what you have right now because in a blink of an eye it could all be gone . :-) 
Awwwww my day went really good , now that's what I'm talking about ... Have a good one family and friends , now I can go home and take care of my sick hubby he needs my attention , nurse < PROPFEMALE > to the rescue baby ;-) . 
Well I think my husbands fever broke but I will be sure in the morning , and guess what if it did first THANK YOU JESUS ... next he is going to have to figure out how to thank me for being nurse , secretary , accountant , mother , delivery-girl and most of all the wife who cares : -* 
Good morning fb family and friends , I'm very happy this morning because my hubby ' s fever did break last night he woke up soaked and he is mucj better because we are already out and about , he just can't sit still even when he is sick .... wowwwww I would still be in bed at least one more day !!!!!!! 
Really Depressed RIGHT Now :-( 
Sorry it took so long , but HAPPY < PROPFIRST > to all my family and friends , I hope everyone had a good fun day ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , I missed you guys yesterday . I hope everyones < PROPFIRST>'s Day was a great one !!!! Today is Tuesday early dismissal so things should go well . Anyway its cloudy with a little rain off and on so I should have a peaceful day :-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , what a past couple of days we have had at work it has been just awful and doing a heck a job on the stress level of me and my 2 co-workers .... I prayed over our class this morning so GOD will make it run smoothly today and tomorrow because we have our 3 day weekend to look forward to .... yeaaaaaaaaaa :-) 
HAPPY FRIDAY , good morning and all that good stuff ;-) 
Good morning and HAPPY FRIDAY everyone , yessssssss my three day is here and I am not going to allow these kids to take my joy away today not at ALL . I hope everyone I love have a wonderful and blessed weekend because I sure am . :-) 
Well Good Morning fb family and friends , what a horrible three day I had ... I got sick Friday at work , vomited and had diarrhea then came home and bot did it get worse all weekend I was sick now today I feel much better Thank God but I did not enjoy my three day at all !!!!!!! I'm upset because I have to go back to work tomorrow without enjoying my vacation :-( 
Good morning fb family and friends , not a good start of my day , I locked my keys in my car with the car running using my gas as high as gas is now what a bummer :-( now I am at work so we will see how the rest of my day goes . 
Awwww good morningfb family and friends , HAPPY HUMP DAY , I really am happy with this short work week . Yesterday was the best day we had since school started in September . The kids were great all day long :-) . May God bless all my family and friends today we a safe and wonderful day .... 
Good morning fb family and frriends , [ BLESSINGS ] aw how many can say we get them but mostly deserve them . GOD has blessed me over and beyond what I feel I should get but he feels I deserve them all just because I am who I am :-) Be humble and sincere in your daily deeds and you to will be as blessed as I feel everyday !!!!!!! 
Beautiful day at work !!!!!!!! I hope tomorrow will be the same . That's what prayer will do for you ;-) 
HAPPY FRIDAYYYYYY fb family and friends , I hope we have another good day like yesterday that would be a blessing for us all . My weekend is going to be good I just want to rest and spend some good family time with my love ones . So may God bless you all with a wonderful day :-) 
Goodie off work and I must say the day went pretty good , it wasn't as bad as it is on some days :-) now I can enjoy the rain for the weekend and watch movies . 
Hello Saturday good bye rain :-( I thought it was going to rain today , well I'm chillin anyway . 
Good morning fb family and friends , well the weekend is gone again and we will start another count down waiting oh so patiently for it to come around once more . Today is payday but I can't even be excited because all my money is gone before I get it , but I am grateful because me and my love ones will have a place to stay and bills paid for another month . ;-) 
Happy Hump Day to all my family and friends , yesterday I was out from work so there was no post from me but I'm back with prayers for my husband .... I'm worried about him and watching God take care of him better than me or any doctor can :-) I know his powers in prayer and faith that's all it takes and he's there with open arms ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , well it is Thursday and that means one day away from the weekend ;-) and I can't wait ... have to put the cars in the shop but at least I'm not at work right and wait when you think about it that is work :-( so my weekend won't be rest and fun in the sun [ darn ] . 
HAPPY FRIDAYYYYYYY fb family and friends , oh I'm so happy that its Friday it should be a fairly good one we have a parade after lunch so that should keep the kids busy and content . I'm just waiting on 2:30 to get here and say HELLO WEEKEND ;-) . Well hopefully everyone will have a safe and blessed weekend . 
Good morning fb family and friends , GOD IS GOOD all the time is my phrase for the day , he will never leave your side and will always be there to lend a hand when you are in need of him ... I JUST LOVE HIM amen . I'm well rested and ready for another week at work ;-) 
Good Monday morning fb family and friends , I have a positive outlook on this cloudy day that all will go well for me and my co-workers , well hopefully I woke up in a good mood and I plan on staying this way . ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , not a whole lot to say this morning except I would love to have a good day . Well hopefully everyone I know and love feels blessed today and everyday if not THANK GOD anyway because if your reading this then you were blessed because guess what he woke you up today . ;-) 
Made it through my HUMP DAY without both my co-workers so sad and lonely :-( both had personal things that needed to be handled and I have prayed for both so hopefully we will all be back together 2morrow . Good nite fb family and friends . 
Hello weekend your just around the corner once again yeaaaa . I will be up bright and early Saturday at the Ford shop again this time we need to get my car serviced . The rest of the weekend belongs to the family . Have a blessed day family and friends don't forget to THANK GOD for something this morning .... GOD IS GOOD :-) 
The Lord works in mysterious ways .... we all need to say a prayer for all those countrys that has and may be affected by that 8.9 earthquake . I always wonder are we being punished when we have these natural disaster , this is why I give thanks to GOD everyday all day because you never know when something can happen . Make sure you THANK GOD today because you are blessed in one way or another . :-) 
HAPPY FRIDAY to all my fb family and friends , my mood is really out of wack today I hope my day goes well though because it was really hard to get up and come to work feeling like this but [ its just one of them days that a girl goes through when your angry inside ] . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > perfect song for how I feel today :-( 
Tell me why did I wake up at 3:30 this morning hell its SATURDAY ... :-( anyway got the car serviced and of coarse they have to try and get money right because my service was free , so the guy says yeah she needs 4 new tire for 408.00 sorry not today . Well she really need them because its a nail in one well buy that tire why 4 ? 
Awwww my eldest is not feeling good today she had to leave work for the first time ever because she was not well .... she ended up at urgent-care , I prayed on it and GOD has touched her , hope you get better fast my love . It doesn't matter how old they are your heart still hurts for them if they are in any pain . HAPPY MOTHERHOOD ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , not a good day yesterday not a good day for me . I went to the doctor because I was having trouble breathing and found out that when you stop smoking after 25 years that oh yeah things will go wrong , and now I have chronic bronchitis .... C.O.P.D. to be exact . Well friends and family have been praying with me and for me so GOD is watching over me and I have no worries . ;-) 
Why am I up watching [ cuff me if you can ] and I have to be up at 4:00 for my me time before work .. :-( 
HAPPY HUMP DAY fb family and friends , I am so sleepy I woke up at 10:00 last night and had a full blown conversation with my daughter about her job , then watched t.v. for another hour ... well I guess no matter what time a child of yours need you , you must be there so that is one of the perks of being a mom , love them and always lend an ear when they need you . 
Ok I'm sleepy so I forgot no rest for the weary because at 6:00 to 8:00 pm I willbe at my youngest daughter's Honor Roll dinner at her school I so I won't be asleep till about 9:00 which is late for me ;-) 
Oh boy weekend please don't leave me again , I miss you so much when you go away . Hopefully today will be better then my pass couple of days . LET'S PRAY 
I'm so pissed right now I could relly hurt somebody , I don't understand why your kids think they can talk to you any way they want ... I'm from the old school I ain't havin it . Any way HAPPY FRIDAY fb family and friends I'm going to try and have one either way it go . I'm going to pray to GOD that I don't kill my daughter today . ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , I'm really tired hope my day goes well , its wet and cold I much rather be at home nice and warm , but oh well the bills have to be paid so no time for chillin but weekend hurry up and come back please I miss you already . :-) 
Oh LORD thank you so much for my day I made it with a smile by the end of the day which doesn't happen much on Monday's ... now I'm waiting on my main PRAYER and that is for the husband to get better , this damn ulcer is hurting him and that makes me sad when he is in so much pain and I can't help . 
Boy I don't mind being a voice for how well GOD works because I know [ GOD IS GOOD ] all the time !!!!!!! I have been praying since last Tuesday for my husband ulcer pain to go away and this morning he said baby I feel better then I have felt in a week . THANK YOU LORD once again . ;-) 
HAPPY FRIDAY to all my facebook family and friends , first a shout to my girl dealing with some real issues [ GOD IS THE ANSWER ] so with that said you will be alright ;-) . I been home for a couple of days dealing with my husband and I'm glad to say he is doing good now . :-) 
Happy Monday morning fb family and friends , my weekend once again left me sad because it said good-bye so soon :-( . Back at work but what a happy week this will be , the kids go home early all this week and we have a 3 day weekend ... no work Friday yeaaaaaaaa !!!!!!!! Say a prayer for your blessings today . ;-) 
Good morning fb family and friends , just a little sleepy today , I had a restless night .. you know how you argue with your mate and you go to bed without making up well that's hard for me , I was raised to never go to bed angry and I did :-( well all is good now so at least I can have a good day at work maybe ... say your daily prayer for something today I will . ;-) 
What a good 2 days we had at work so far hope the next 2 will go the same yeaaaaaa . ;-) 
HAPPY HUMP DAY fb family and friends , tomorrow is my Friday boy am I glad we have Friday off I am so looking forward to this 3 day I am under a lot of stress so I really need this time gather some thoughts ... Prayer for today may God heal my husband of all his pain .. In Jesus name Amen . Have a wonderful day everyone . :-) 
The day is over helloooooo 3 day , happy happy happy plus my whole week at work was great [ I tell you ] GOD IS GOOD !!!!! 
