I hate Monday's! The whole day is like being Karmically bitch-slapped by a six-armed goddess . Best part is , its only noon . 

34 minutes to health insurance . Woo ! 
Day 1 back at work sucks ass ! 
Well that settles it , I am now requiring all friends to watch the movie Idiocracy within the next month . Simply put it should be required viewing , it will explain exactly what is going on in the world today . If you don't get the message of the movie its o 
I need a drink ! 
I wonder how far I have to go before I forget ? 
I am going to miss some of you , really I mean that . Others not so much . 
Trying to figure out what to do for the rest of the day . I see drinks in my near future . 
Go go alcohol induced coma ! 
Sometimes its really not worth waking up ... 
Only I could get in trouble for doing the right thing . 
Want's to see everyone at the pub tonight to say farewell to Vinny . It's really happening this time , he leaves next Friday . 
I want to thank all the \special\ " people out there that make life worth living . If not for you I would get so bored . Your endless < PROPFEMALE > to outshine the moron next to you makes me almost giddy knowing that because you are incapable of higher brain function you will tell me all the ways you have screwed up and expect me to not use that to cause endless amounts of chaos in your life . Dance my little puppets ! " 
If every story needs a villian , then its not the day I stop caring you should worry about . Instead worry about the day that I decide to play the part you all have chosen for me ! 
I just had the saddest conversation of my whole life . I am pretty sure it will remain the saddest conversation no matter what happens from here on out . If not then there is no hope for humanity , I mean none ! 
Had an amazing weekend ! 
I hear what you're saying , but I just don't care . 
Don't worry about what people think , they don't do it very often . 
In 2009 its , Mensa - You aren't good enough ! In a few years with the way we are lowering standards it will be , Mensa - Now accepting the literate . 
Thinking another 2 days of vacation is in order . Maybe catch up on some sleep . 
If you stop telling lies about me , I'll stop telling the truth about you . ~ Adlai Stevenson 
87°F <---- Current temp in Guam ! 
Whoever came up with the Death's Time app is amazing . I have been laughing nonstop at some of the results . 
May actually be getting fired tomorrow ! 
Who else needs a drink ? 
I hope 8,000 < PROPMALE > is far enough ! 
Is it January yet ? 
Nothing can compare with the opening scene's of SoA . 
Can't wait for my crack and heroin on friday ! Does Jameson go with that ? 
To love what you doand feel that it mattered - how could anything be more fun ? 
Here's to another craptacular day , CHEERS ! 
Shit ! This week has been so great , have to go and get another bottle of whiskey tomorrow . 
Damn , about to finish the scotch ! At least there is still rum . 
Step 1 ) Spend the next 45 minutes convincing myself that going back to work is the right thing to do . Step 2 ) Spend the rest of the day trying not to walk out once I am there , this is assuming I make it past Step 1 . 
Here's to another long day ! 
If my curse is nothing more than a < PROPFEMALE > to protect those I care about , then I am damned for life ! 
I have a huge problem , my calendar is broken . It keeps saying October , when I know its clearly January ! 
Can't wait for my day off on Friday ! 
I want to wake up and hear the ocean instead of my alarm telling me its time to go sell off more of my soul . At this point I really hope I get fired . 
Many men have said they would kill for a woman , it takes even less to die for one , the real test is learning to live for one . It is in this that life truly hits you , the trials and anguish of everday , it is here the real man is tested . 
What does it say about your job when you would almost rather have a crap weekend , just so you are ready for Monday morning ? 
The highlight of my day is lunch , also known as nap time . 
I have two great reasons to move to Guam ; to bury myself ! 
I could give two shits about the baseball game , where is House ? 
It was a very interesting weekend , good , but interesting . 
Absolutely no < PROPFEMALE > to go back to work ! 
I hope one day I can understand women , really just one day . No sense in being greedy , just a single day when I can say , \I understand what the hell she is talking about . \"" 
Asian hookers back on the menu , WOOH ! 
58 days to go ! 
Call me Punjab Paddy ! 
Had a great night of Chamorro and sushi ! 
Ready for a cold drink and a warm beach ! Some potstickers would be nice too . 
I have a new shirt idea ! 
4:07 pm < PROPFIRST > - so i think the plan is the first week i am down there i am not going to do shit take some time and recharge the batteries 4:08 pm < PROPMALE > - hah ... the first week you're down here i'm taking leave and you , me , < PROPFIRST > , carmie , and marika are gonna rock out like superstars ... then you can recover lol Now thats a good host ! 
And he said she was \nasty ! \"" 
So ready to be on island time ! 
Half day at work and lunch with a beautiful woman . Does life get any better ? I am sure it could , but that means waiting for lunch in Guam . 
Well so much for sleep . I get to spend a restless night at Memorial Hospital . Good thing I got 2 hours of sleep after work , up to 16 hours since Wednesday . 
Four weeks left of work ! 
All in favor of me having a [ Become a Fan ] button ? 
18 - 24 - 33 
Counting down the days .... Still too many ! 
Its days like today I remember exactly why I am moving . Temperature of Holy Shit , I have three < PROPFIRST>'s Apples ! 
Gin clear water and milk white sand .... 
24 ! 
There is nothing quite like the misery of pure happiness , knowing soon it will all end . Then again , every second becomes a brief escape into eternity . Daring us to wring every ounce of pleasure from it before we are so cruelly thrust back into the cold and callous world of the real . When even a wordless gaze over a cup of tea can speak volumes to the souls of the two sharing it ... 
Holmes strikes again ! 
All I want is to leave this country , is that really so difficult a task ? According to our State Dept , it is ! 
Passport should be in Friday , thank you Mr. Costello ! 
Blackmail ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8fBrs4-hBc 
EPIC FACEPALM OF DOOM ! 
I am not sure who to thank for my moral flexibilty , but I am glad for it . Now if I can just get the Japanese to back my new idea .... 
Wagner had it right ! 
Packing this much crap up sucks ! 
You guys have no clue how to properly ab'use ' urbandictionary . Instead of your name try random words and see who's name comes up . 
I now know what I am saving up for , private jet is the only way to travel . Airports suck ! The pilots don't show up , all your plans get changed , they lose your luggage . Yep thats how its going so far . On the upside its 10 pm and 79 degrees ! 
Sometimes I wish I were wrong ... 
I survived my first Hash Run ! I feel terrible , can't wait for next week . 
Beach Friday , Hash Run Saturday ! Life doesn't get much better . 
I survived another Hash , only this time survival was literal . Climbed to the top of a 400 ft waterfall ! What did you do today ? 
I am ready for Saturday to be here ! 
I love paradise . Ribs on the grill , drinks in hand , and local kids playing guitar in the background . Life doesn't get much better . 
< PROPFIRST > Beck is like a bad acid trip ! Someone please explain to me how this man has access to the American population . 
Everyone is looking at health care the wrong way . We should be celebrating ! Now that Obama has screwed this up so bad there is little < PROPMALE > the Republicans won't be getting Congress back under their control . Which means repeal of health care and a sure fire way that Obama will not be able to do anything like this again . Making him the most ineffective President in history . 
Plans for this weekend : Saturday , Hash Run and getting drunk after . Sunday , getting drunk on the beach for Easter . 
Rough day at the beach ! 
For want of a nail ... 
Now to wait a week ... 
This week could not have been any better ! 
Really liking the idea of going to another island for a month ! 
I say , bring on the zombies ! 
Ocho de Mayo Run ! 
Yep , there was definitely drinking done last night ! 
Such a good day ... 
I would drive an atomic roller skate ! 
I am not morally bankrupt , I am amorally wealthy ! 
Sometimes you are like an ADD kid in a house of mirrors with a flashlight ! 
Two games in a row determined not by the skill of the teams , but instead by some very interesting officiating ! Germany and USA robbed by the stripes ! 
Yep , time to self medicate ! 
So glad I stayed up to watch Germany stomp England ! 
Whatever happened to the likes of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Fitzgerald , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Peyroux ? They just don't make good music anymore ! The only reason people might know of < PROPFEMALE > is because of a damn cell phone commercial , disappointing . 
Death to the lip ferret ! ¡Vive la Revolución ! 
\Guns are coming into the inner cities from states with weak gun control . \"- Jackie Hilly\ 
Sleep ! 
Während Sieg möglicherweise nicht immer mein Ergebnis , der Kampf für ihn werden wird immer mein sein , so werde ich nicht hinlegen und akzeptieren einen Strohhalm < PROPMALE > . 
Yep , today was Pro Monday . Moved some furniture , ate some tasty cow ( The Double at Horse & Cow ) , and started drinking at 11am . Think its time to stop since its now a good bit into Tuesday . 
On the lobotomy kick again ! 
Everyone has seen those motivational posters , I think I have one . Perseverance : I can't out drink you because my body can take it , but because I have decided I can and you said I couldn't! 
Holy Hell ! It dropped to 78 degrees tonight , it was freezing ! 
Me : I won a debate in because of that piece of information . I usually played devils advocate and took the less defensible side . \ 
Vinny : Well , that certainly explains Megan . \ 
Me : Damn , that's top shelf right there ! \ 
\ 
I am so proud of how far I have corrupted him 
All I can say is , my work here is done ! Another person pissed off that Firefly got cancelled . 
Has anyone else seen the new Axe commercial ? Really ? After this there is some question about what is wrong with the country . Parents don't worry about the video games anymore , commercials have it covered ! 
I have reached the limit ! I know I have , because I would rather talk to my ex instead of dealing with the stupidity of the navy civilian website ! 
This may have been a really bad idea ... \ 
Turned Hot Fuzz into a drinking game , with only two criteria for drinking and it is still killing . \ 
1 ) Anytime Sgt . Angel ( < PROPMALE > Pegg ) corrects someone . \ 
2 ) Anytime someone uses yes or no in an interesting way . Don't forget your yarps and narps ! 
Comment of the Day ! Courtesy of Rufio , in response to my post about the Navy site . \ 
Don : talk to < PROPFEMALE > , really the website is that bad\ 
Kris : yeah it really is\ 
Don : does it like string you along < PROPFEMALE > after < PROPFEMALE > \ 
Kris : nope , worse than that its < PROPFEMALE > theory in the form of a website ! \ 
Don : wow , that sucks\ 
Kris : yeah\ 
Don : but < PROPFEMALE > is kinda like < PROPFEMALE > theory in the form of a person 
I once had faith , then I opened my eyes and saw the human race ! 
The Gospels according to Ashling . And on the second day God made , chocolate milk ! 
I was unaware that all I needed to survive the zombie apocalypse was a Toyota Corolla ! So happy I know that now . 
Getting off the plane didn't do it , neither did the weather , and certainly not mixed signals from a woman . What , some might ask told me I was home . That's easy . Going out on the town and having some kids throw crap at me from a rooftop , then telling them in no uncertain terms if it happened again in my town I would come back kick in the door and beat the unholy hell out of them , that is what let me know I was home ! 
That which lived in the Unforgotten Halls , now finds itself living in the Land of Legend , as no more than a faded dream . Soon it will slip from me completely , traveling across the Forgotten Sea . 
I am feeling an overwhelming urge to watch Spies Like Us ! \ 
\Doctor . \ " \ 
Where the hell is < PROPFIRST > Poppins when you need her ? That snapping and things cleaning themselves would be great right now ! 
Nothing like American Psycho at 5am to help one go to sleep , hopefully . 
Flat afraid to take my shoe off , damn trick ankle ! 
Need to know if anyone has access to a nursing home < PROPFIRST > for use next spring ? 
Person A : \Merry Christmas 
Woohoo , Epic Facepalm ! 
Just realized how amazingly terrible this week has been . Hopefully people stop pissing in my Cheerios , otherwise this is going to be a shitty year ! 
What do you do when you realize insanity has once again taken hold of you ? \ 
I come to the quick conclusion that I have once again gotten out of bed . Though , for what reason I do not know ! 
What an amazing day ! 
Sobriety , who needs it ? 
May the Fates find ample reward in Hell , for all of their consideration . 
What I want is the dream and to not wake from it ! 
It is way to early to be up ! No good can come from being up at this hour . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes from both sides of the world ! 
Simple is BORING ! 
