Flag day . Aw , my last parade . No more kicking the slow kid in front of me ( it was an accident , I swear ! ) or laughing at our inept drum section ( I'm no expert , but I'm pretty sure that the beat isn't supposed to sporadically stop ) . I'll miss it . 

I think we should have a government-sponsored , mandatory test for narcissism before people are allowed to function as adults . 
I'm so traumatized ! :O Apparently at Pick'n Save , when they're decorating for the fourth of July and need someone to climb the really , really , really high ladder , they pick the smallest person , disregarding the fact that she is paralyzingly terrified of h 
if it hurts , kiss it better 
feeling my squeaky clean teeth . The dentist told me I look 14 . That's better than 12 , right ? 
losing my voice . not fun . hurts like crazy . 
estoy cansada 
You're a jerk ! 
Guitar Hero , Superman , skate park , newport guy , no whip , oh no ! he's dying !, jerk , fireworks ! ouch , blackout . eww , mosquitoes . Yesterday was amazing ! 
going crazy , but what's new ? 
I am one very pink girl 
rahr 
Why is Pick'n Save open on a Friday night ? Who actually spends their Friday night grocery shopping ? I'm filing a complaint . 
19 days , 9 hours , and 58 minutes 
Yahoo signed a deal with Microsoft ! what ?! They can't do that ! I'm distraught ! 
... gone 
Spent the evening debating with < PROPFIRST > what exactly constitutes unethical token game behavior . Moving in tomorrow ! 
I can't believe I'm a college kid , this is weird ! 
I forgot pretty much everything about logarithms , and I'm apparently a complete failure at life ( thanks for the encouragement < PROPFEMALE >!) , but hey , popcorn is amazing ! 
has some weird friends . Then again , we knew that already . 
found her keys ! ( for the third time this week ) 
How can you practice it one way and then have it end up so painfully , agonizingly different in the audition ? 
\Study group ! Somebody needs to read to me ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
looks like a < PROPFEMALE > pocket , apparently 
resents the fact that her roommate is being critical of her procrastination . Duh ! I didn't actually go to the Joust to study . 
Everyone's leaving ! Am I the only one who can't get home ?! 
: the klutz 
My family is in fond du lac without me ! * tear * 
: underachiever extraordinaire 
is ecstatic cause she has a new calculator ! 
- * sniffle * - * cough * 
is a learner , context , strategic , input and individualization ( aka a dork ) 
works well when under constant supervision and cornered like a rat . 
had an , uh , interesting weekend . 
is studying . ( if you stretch the definition of \studying\ " a little ) " 
wants to run away and join the circus . 
<3 ' s Bolt 
is having water thrown at her by the residents of K3N . Lol , < PROPFEMALE > fell for it ! 
is regretting her heavy schedule , like , a lot . But hey , Monday is officially over ! 
tiene frío . 
is listening to prokofiev ... and liking it . 
is a little tired of being blown every which way when she steps outside . 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > get angrier and angrier as she is foiled in all her attempts to watch the Twins . 
likes country . * shock and awe * 
Go Twins ! 
is pist awf about the nobel peace prize . Really ? I used to think it meant something . 
is burnt . 
is watching every single one of the jocks in the library secretly playing farmville on fb . nice studying , guys . 
would really appreciate it if God could get to work fixing Missouri's leaky sky . 
< PROPFEMALE > Rodgers , where are you ? 
thinks it's just plain not right to ask a math geek to decorate something . 
is a little elf 
Calc , Arrested Development and laundry . It's a good night . 
That global warming movie was < PROPFEMALE > sketchy ! I was just waiting to hear Alanis Morrisette attribute the fall of mankind to increased CO2 emissions . 
needs therapy . bad . 
is missing home . 
will get to see her super duper amazing FL cousins at Christmas !!!!! 
is going ice skating ! 
didn't fall once ! 
the < PROPFIRST > Upton concert was amazing ! 
finally understands line integrals and vector fields ! ( they really need to make a sparknotes for calc III ) 
should probably get friends who have lives so they don't sit around making up stories about her . I'm seventeen , lol ! 
yeah .. about that chem test ... 
13 hours , 56 minutes and 6 seconds !!! 
8 hours , 5 minutes and 28 seconds !!! 
Packing ... 5 hours , 6 minutes and 11 seconds . 
moved up an hour !!! 3 hours , 14 minutes and 42 seconds ! 
I'm home !!! I'm home ! I'm home ! I'm home ! 
is going to Fond du Lac for Thanksgiving with the family . Yay ! 
watching a movie on the suggestion of Qwin from Best Buy , lol ! 
has reached a new level of living : automatic doors now open for me ! 
is hearing about the finals schedule and growing more and more sure that she won't live through next week . Goodbye world ! 
has snowflakes caught in her eyelashes . Winter's back ! 
will never have to sit next to Nate McGinnis again in chemistry ! Yes ! 
is finally running linux on her macbook ! 
We are His portion and He is our prize , drawn to redemption by the grace in His eyes ; If grace is an ocean , we're all sinking 
is wondering when she should start the countdown to going home . hmm ... I'm thinkin ' now . [ 1day10hrs21min15sec ] 
Yes , all the red skittles are gone , and yes , it is my fault . 
is tired , but apparently singing and making all our neighbors angry is worth staying up :) 
Back in Wisconsin ! 
had an amazing day ! Church this morning , getting to smell the coffee aisle at work , playing cribbage with Mom ; it's good to be home ! 
is so cold ! but there's lots of snow , so it's all okay 
okay ... no Christmas in Fond du Lac then . Stupid sleet . 
fiiinally got to see sherlock holmes , and it was definitely worth the wait 
is missing Missouri and her friends . One more week ... 
cannot sleep downstairs . Nope , nuhuh , no way . 
is trying to figure out which way is up 
is packing . Missouri , here I come ! 
is unpacking . I'm back ! 
is surrounded by enemies . Go Vikings ! Go Favre ! No ! No ! No ! 
two words : apple keynote 
is going sledding ! 
has to side with her roommate ( and reality ) . The Saints are toast . 
isn't sure if it's physically possible to complete all the reading she has to do tonight . 
\Is it really worth it ? Shouldn't you be doing my homework now ?! It's not gonna do itself ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Covaliu " 
can you microwave a pudding cup ? 
is looking at the empty Crush bottles laying around her room and reflecting on a < PROPFIRST>'s Day well spent 
loves the snow ! but ballet flats probably weren't the best choice ... 
Why did I leave all my boots in Wisconsin ?! 
is missing Wisconsin . 
is kind of regretting the now weird looking potassium permanganate smiley face stained into her hand 
is no longer a dumb blonde . thank you < PROPFEMALE > Covaliu and < PROPFEMALE > ' < PROPFEMALE>' Strand ! 
wow . chemistry . 
so ... diff eq . yay . 
is home ! 
loves being able to spend time with her super awesome little brothers ! 
blech . homework . 
has anyone read Orwell ? Zamyatin ? the history of the world ? Cause I'm pretty sure increased government control always FAILS . miserably . 
is really , horrendously terrible at tennis . 
Shakespeare on Saturday . It's a travesty . 
is trying to defrost strawberries under her heat lamp , thank you < PROPFEMALE > Covaliu ! ( now this li'l typer needs to get back to work , so you should stop caressing my hair with your sock ) 
' s goal in life is hedonism , according to one personality test . That's encouraging . 
is facing the longest four weeks of her life ... 
should really figure out what she wants to be when she grows up . 
so ... < PROPFEMALE > Strand is reading a list of ways to annoy people , and I regularly practice around 20% of them . I think I need to reevaluate my social strategy . 
Vote for < PROPFEMALE > Rodgers for Burgess Senator ! 
kinda wishes it was winter again , snow doesn't make your shoes soggy . blech . 
Of course our first successful experiment would occur during my last chem lab . On the bright side , it was my last chem lab ever ! 
Why doesn't the blondeness ever end ?! 
This studying thing isn't going so well . Focus , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is 17 years 11 months 16 days old . 15 days til I'm 18 ! 
had a crazy amazing last night in MO ( <3 RDJ ) 
is home 
just finished her first day of work . Hello again , Pick'n Save ! I missed your gaudily cheerful music , badly behaved children ( and worse parents ) and tear inducing boredom . 
is malapert . ( thank you < PROPMALE > Burgess ) 
is gonna be eighteen in three days ! 
is in memphis . One down , four to go ! 
is in springfield . getting there ... 
arrived in Vienna ! 
dislikes the fact that when you're in Austria , Google doesn't let you search in English . 
is loving Prague ! 
is enjoying being able to speak the language of the people around her 
is so tired . Jetlag , go away ! 
is not anxious to find out just how miserable running in the rain is , so it should probably stop right about now . 
Thank you Nikolina Johannes , < PROPFEMALE > Hofschulte and < PROPFEMALE > Will ! Now I'm officially eighteen ! 
managed to crash into a display of wind chimes today . Yay for gracefulness ! 
finished her last Milka chocolate today . I think that calls for another trip to Austria 
has a puppy !!! 
just had a lengthy conversation with her brothers about whether or not zombies count when conducting statistical analyses of US residents . I love my family ! 
finally got a < PROPMALE > to run in the rain ! 
accidentally stepped on < PROPMALE > today , and discovered that a little puppy can squeal really , really loud . 
one month til MO . bittersweet . 
is soaking wet . 
I have a tan line ! I have a tan line !!! This makes my summer :D 
One more day of work , then < PROPFEMALE > fest , then Missouri ! 
has a lot of studying to do tonight . sigh . 
Super fun day shopping with the suite ( and < PROPFEMALE > ) , but missing my family ( and < PROPMALE > ) . At least we saw an otter ! 
mm , my room still smells like coffee :) 
resents the fact that she has to draw pictures for her organic chemistry lab reports . It's not like they're recognizable anyway . 
Nate McGinnis is right , and I need him ( and he better be nice to me now ) . 
thinks too much . 
is dominating at Wii tennis . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Covaliu !!! 
is doing homework next to the fireplace at panera . I'm so happy it's finally fall ! ( and now the countdown to winter starts ) 
New batteries for my ti voyage ! I'm a legit math student again ! 
Why does ibuprofen make me so happy ? Weird . I can't stop giggling . Thank you for putting up with me < PROPFEMALE > Strand and < PROPFEMALE > Covaliu :) 
wants to feel better . Soon would be nice . 
loves Wisconsin :) 
is super homesick . 
Weezy's free !!!! 
NT and OChem done , only Physics left before I'm coming home !!!! 
it's so good to be home ! 
just saw a commercial for the happy , healthy dairy farmers of California . This is not acceptable , everyone knows that California breeds depressed livestock ! ( Wisconsin cows are obviously superior ) 
had iodine shot through her veins today . Awesome ! 
just ate the only snowflake in Missouri . 
Making a gingerbread mansion and turning < PROPFEMALE > canes into weapons with kdd and matiba ! ( miss you erod ! ) 
Can't wait to be home ; 197,415 seconds left ! 
I won something at bingo ! This marks the first time I've won something since a bike helmet in first grade !!! ( and who really wants to win a bike helmet anyways ? ) 
I'm home ! my neighborhood is a winter wonderland :) 
I missed my super little brothers so much ! 
buying my books for next semester . So excited ! One week ! 
great night with some crazies from work :) \ 
I'm gonna miss you guys ! 
packing sucks . leaving sucks . ( but seeing my MO friends in 24 hours kinda rocks ) . 
Happy ' Answer Your Cat's Questions ' Day ! Fight feline ignorance ! 
Dear God , \ 
Pleeeeease let the Packers win , cause otherwise I will be mocked by my stupid Bears-loving floormates for the remainder of my earthly existence . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
EB 
I'm kinda loving the sound of sleet on my window :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars tonight !!! ( Thank you < PROPMALE > Burgess for saving me from this endless string of mushy movies ) 
bucket list : go to class tomorrow\ 
\ 
(\she clearly doesn't know what a bucket list means\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Rodgers ) " 
so . stressed . out . I can't handle this game ! 
So proud of my beloved homeland ! 
when I close my eyes I see isopropyl groups ... this is bad . 
I have baby spit up in my hair . I consider this day seized . 
Everything's done ! Now I just have to get through this adrenaline withdrawal :/ But hey , I get to see my family tomorrow ! 
I love trains . 
Back at Evangel ! But missing some personas importantes ... 
This semester is making me realize the true meaning of , \I have no life . \ " But will this realization impact how I schedule next semester's classes ? Nah ... " 
got mistaken for a middle school Bible Quizzer today . Story of my life . 
Snow ! :D ( missing home ) 
\The words of < PROPMALE > son of Hilkiah from the priests who were ... responding ?... in the land ?... something about the thirteenth year ?... \ " \ 
She's got hot bangs and hardcore leadership skills . Vote < PROPFEMALE > Rodgers ! 
She's pres ! :D 
I want to go to Germany so bad ! Reasonable time frame : 10+ years . Sigh . 
