is headachey , cranky , and hopes she's not coming down with something . 

is feeling okay with life about now . Let's hope it stays that way . 
is wishing that college would stop butting into her weekends . Seriously . 
is stuck on her last of the three essays from hell . 
is done with her essays and is making triumphant poses of victory . 
is undertaking the epic task of getting through Hell ... I mean , Monday . 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > Dickinson is very emo . 
believes that something must be done , she just doesn't quite know what . 
is being contemplative ... actually , she's not , but it sounds like she's doing something damn smart , right ? 
is awesome . Just saying . Gotta keep the self-esteem up ! 
is tempted by the chocolate and ... must ... resist ... 
wishes she were sleeping Friday morning away ... 
is in the midst of a linguistic conundrum that is completely and totally pointless and irrelevant . Story of my life , really . 
wants to just sit down in a quiet field , and relax ... 
is here physically . Mentally ? Now you're asking a bit much . 
wonders why she can't get this paper done faster . 
wants to proclaim that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is AWESOME . The < PROPMALE > Grams only add to this fact . 
is at that half-way point between OMGWTFBBQ and utter hysteria that befalls nearly every college student when finals start piling up ... and I've got 6 papers and a thesis I haven't worked on at all due . ( x_x ) 
is feeling nostalgic : < PROPMALE > ! Oh my youth ! 
feels like an awful student . 
is thinking about translation stuff . Joy . 
needs to survive these next two weeks . 
is making very slow progress . * head desk * 
has finished revising her presentation that will be given today on the fly , wrote a 20+ < PROPFEMALE > paper , has barely slept , and has a migraine . Today's goal : get through the day . 
finds that listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > makes one feel so much better about life in general . 
is one essay down , one more to go . Maybe if I stick on target , I can get all three done and finish early ! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 
had leftover microwave pizza and a brownie with coke for lunch earlier . Behold , for I am the model of healthy eating habits . 
has survived the first day . Now , classes tomorrow ! 
hates it when she finds a history subject interesting because it is distracting from everything else she should be seriously thinking about . 
Okay , < PROPFEMALE > , I'm doing this : Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
is feeling kinda headache-y , sniffly , and sickly . :( 
is doing stuff . Really . It's totally innocent . 
believes that there are no truly great muscians anymore , only mediocre ones . And that modern music is dead because of the awfulness that is Ke$ha ( note , the $ ! ) . Before , she thought this was because of < PROPFIRST > Bieber , and before that it was Lil ' < PROPMALE > , and before that ... 
still can't quite believe that Adelphi actually closed . 
has decided not to go to school today . Dealing with icy sidewalks and awful public transportation isn't worth it . 
has just finished spending the last 2.5 hours shoveling . Between this and classes , I just couldn't win . 
has discovered a love for crepes . 
has finished the reading for Preston-Matto's class . Apparently , the literary lesson for this < PROPFIRST>'s Day is , \Stay chaste ! Don't give up your virginity ! Women are EBIL . Or else you won't achieve salvation ! \ " It's such a cheerful message . <3 " 
has signed up for < PROPFIRST>'s Reading Circle . Nabokov ! :D 
is pretty sure she'll have to have that awkward conversation about how , no , she does not have any pictures of herself or a camera or anything like that . The profile pics of pretty posies ( alliteration , bitches ! ) SHOULD be enough of a clue to that . 
has proclaimed that this weekend will be THESIS WEEKEND . We will all swear to work on THAT THING that we've been putting off so well that we try not to even think of it . 
may or may not be thinking about something . Nothing specific . Just something . 
is not into hockey at all , but is still upset that we lost . ;_; 
is facepalming . All that fuss over MEDICATED FOOT POWDER . 
is slowly getting this paper done . She has finished with Lancelot and Galehot . And now hates them . Now she must do Perceval , Gawain , and < PROPFIRST > . And then hate them too . 
is getting really worried about the strange noises her computer has been making for the past four days . 
hates questions about the future . Dealing with the present is difficult enough and there are no socially acceptable ways to say , \Umm ... yeah . \"" 
has a headache . ;_; 
loves Dr. Strangelove . 
has given up on writing anything on this computer , grad essays be damned ! It is making too much noice for me to concentrate . You know what , I blame Percival . 
forgot to mention how there is occasionally this awesome English guy on her Adephi shuttle in the morning . It is most awesome . 
is very anxious about everything and hope all things will go well for her . 
is happy her computer is no longer making noise . ( Take that , Perceval ! ) 
is happy that this long day is finally over and is determined to rectify her fail ! public speaking skills with a kick-ass written thesis , which will be later devalued by fail ! public speaking skills at her later thesis defense . 
will have a Spring Break connected to her computer , writing . I think I'll tackle the Politics and Lit . midterms that are due Monday before diving into full thesis mode . 
could have happily gone her entire life without knowing what \vajazzling\ " was . " 
has received an interesting offer from the U.S. Navy . Grants , exciting experiences , the whole lot . But she wonders where they got the idea that she is finiishing her education in DENTISTRY . 
hates Daylight Savings Time as she is off by a day and one hour , with a headache and a vague feeling of disorientation . 
is done with Essay #1 ( damn midterm ) . Will now do thesis work while watching < PROPMALE > . 
has discovered today is not only St. Paddy's Day , but also the day that Italy was united and became a nation-state . Also the rubber band was patented . Huh . 
is upset that Spring Break is over . Because it is . You know it . 
must stop wasting time and stop looking at the State Dept . ' s Opinion Space site . 
is busy . Boo . 
does not want to write essays and thesis papers . At all . 
has looked at the WC schedule for tomorrow and discovered she is booked back-to-back from 10AM to 3PM . Oh boy . 
is a dork and will watch Dancing with the Stars . 
' s final count for Spring Break madness : 3 essays ( 7 + 6 + 4 pages ) and thesis work ( 3 sections , 16.5 pages ) = grand total of 33.5 pages . Where is that sense of accomplishment ? I'm not feeling it . 
wants an Honors College mug . Because damned if she wouldn't look smarter drinking coffee if she has a mug with pictures of the Big Four on it . 
' s books have come in ! <3 
' s biological clock is not shot . It has been torn apart , smashed to bits with a metal baseball bat , doused in petrol and set on fire , and its charred remains pissed on . Thank you college . 
is excited to go WC bowling . 
reports that tonight's WC Bowling Night was EPIC BEYOND BELIEF and full of much awesomeness . :) 
wishes she felt more motivated . Just been feeling BLAH for the past months or so . 
is holding down the fort at the WC . I guard against phone calls , stragglers , and Trojan Rabbits . Anything else is beyond me -- < PROPFEMALE > is just that awesome . 
' s brain hurts . 
is watching Spaceballs . :) 
does not have a cartoon voice !!! 
should be writing the thesis work she had put off the entire weekend instead of watching < PROPFIRST > Fry tour the US on Youtube . 
has a migraine right in between the eyes . :( 
< PROPFIRST > Fleurimond , < PROPFEMALE > Bernstein , < PROPFEMALE > Lenox , < PROPFEMALE > Hnizdo Remember that we plan to go to the Met this Saturday ! I was thinking we should go in the morning , before the big crowds get in our way and maybe be done around 12Noon-1PM or so . What about you guys ? 
wants to thank everyone who wished her a happy birthday ! 
should have done work on her thesis , but had something else to do . IT'S CALLED LIFE . ( Also , the WC Student Employee Recognition Luncheon is a lie : it's not 12-2PM , it's just 12- 12:45 PM ! Grr . ) 
was given delicious chocolate cupcakes by < PROPFEMALE > Illig as a belated birthday gift . YUMMY ! :D 
has a severe case of senioritis . 
is working on Friday . Sure , the WC is great , but it's fucking Friday . 
is thesis writing . 
is 2 down on 5 appointments today . Let's hope I survive to write complete my Perceval section , finish my orality section , revise , and fucking conclude the thesis . I am not confident of this . 
didn't get much done . :( 
wishes everyone a good morning at 4PM . //dead . May Preston-Matto accept my humble draft . 
* headdesk * 
is tortured by what happened at the English thing today without her while she was stuck at that completely awful tutor meeting . 
greatly dislikes Perceval and wonders why she CAN'T STOP WRITING ABOUT HIM . 
has written probably the crappiest essay she's ever done . 
is happy . Pierogi has that effect on people . 
completely forgot about that whole cap & gown thing today . * groan * I have to stay longer after complete booking all day ? 
is tired and it's only the beginning of the week . 
has discovered the Adelphi Senior sweatshirt surprisingly comfortable . 
is freezing right now . Seriously . 
is astounded . Holy shit , only an introduction and a title may stand in my way of finishing the thesis of doom . 
... thinks she might have just finished her thesis , beyond minor edits . She'll have to miss < PROPFIRST>'s Reading Circle , though . 
has sorta calculated that over since Monday , she has gotten a grand total of six hours of sleep . Damn , I'm good ? 
' s dinner will be most excellent . Barbecue ! 
will be very busy today . Praying for no shows ! 
just has had her last class EVER at Adelphi . If only I were less strung out to appreciate this . 
will definitely be late with the Rizopoulos paper due today . At 12AM . But damn it , I just pulled 20+ pages in one night and I'm not even done yet , I better be getting some slack . 
is happy to be home after pulling an all-nighter/morninger on a 24-page term paper ( suggested length 12-14 ) , then having to walk the 2 < PROPMALE > to Adelphi to hand it in because public transportation sucks . Will putting my feet up now . 
has her thesis defense tomorrow . Nerves abound . 
is very happy that she got an A on her thesis defense ! 
wonders WHY everything Adelphi tries electronically fails with me . Why is it forcing me to download Quicktime ( a < PROPMALE > thingy when I have Windows ) to see the Commencement Preparation video , which refuses to stream anyway ?! Grr , just put it on YouTube ! 
is graduating today ? 
has officially graduated . The big scary world awaits . 
is enjoing < PROPFEMALE > Somerset's The Affair of the Poisons : Murder , Infanticide , and \ 
Satanism at the Court of < PROPFIRST > XIV WAY too much . 
had an excellent lunch with PReston-Matto and < PROPFEMALE > Illig . :) 
\Courage is the first of human \ 
is watching the < PROPFEMALE > vs . England soccer game . GO USA !! 
GOOOOOOLLLLLLLl !!!!!! 
wanted < PROPFEMALE > to win this game . But I will take the 1-1 draw with England ! 
had a great time at < PROPFEMALE > Illig's Graduation Celebration . :) 
had a great time in Queens with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Thanks ! 
knows that the FIFA World Cup and < PROPMALE > Quixote somehow go together . Really , they do . 
is ecstatic ! Team USA beat Algeria and will advance to the second round of the World Cup , because of a last-minute goal , down to the wire , by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! YES ! GO USA ! 
is dying from the tension . USA and Ghana tied 1-1 . I am also very much aware my recent posts have all been soccer related . Please bear with me . 
is spazzing . 
is upset . ( We lost ! ) 
is watching USA vs . Brazil international friendly game . Go USA ! ( Finally ! Soccer ! ) 
, after studiously avoiding FB to try to break any addictions to it , is back . Joy ? Who knows ? 
is happy to be home , even 1.5 hours later . The damage in Queens was pretty bad , with down trees everywhere and traffic lights on the < PROPMALE > . 
is busy writing a paper on Defoe's Moll Flanders for her 18th Century British Novel class . Why do I lack the ability to write a paper during the day , on a night NOT before it's due ? 
finished all of < PROPMALE>'s Anti-Pamela , Fielding's Shamela , Chaucer's Man of Law's Tale , and the critical reading . < PROPMALE > orrow , it's time to tackle Fielding's < PROPMALE > Jones . Right now ? BED . 
should not get all excited after reading an essay . 
is needlessly upset that she mixed up the meanings for \flaunt\ " and \ " flout\ " again ! " 
has discovered there is such a thing as the Very Large Telescope . Though the Europeans want to build an Extremely Large Telescope . 
does not care that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > has gotten married . So , radio stations , stop talking about it . 
, no matter how many times she reads The Clerk's Tale , cannot STAND < PROPFEMALE > . 
' s Graduate Methodology professor is just the nicest old guy ever . He even has a Beard of Benevolence . 
has enjoyed watching Hot Fuzz . 
is being grossed out by Repo ! The Genetic Opera . 
' s Methodology class decided to indulge in some paleography . We all felt like first graders learning how to read . 
is in a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > kind of music mood right now . 
saw an absolutely RIVETING episode of Sherlock and then a wonderful documentary on circuses . Thank god for PBS . 
wants to know how the hell Bristol Palin has not been kicked off DWTS yet . Has she \ 
made some kind of deal with the Devil , with < PROPFEMALE > O'Donnell has her witchy mediator ? I don't know . All I know , the \reality\ " of reality shows has just been pushed further . " 
is HOME . Yes ! 
needs to get this analysis done and stop distracting herself . 
can't wait for Thanksgiving . 
has just discovered that her brother knows not only ONE person named \Herbert\ " but TWO people named \ " Herbert\ " . Herberts are rare in this day and age ! " 
has had her turkey , and all is well in the world . Or in my local world anyway . 
The world is a sadder place today . < PROPFIRST > Nielsen died . :( 
is in the library , thinking about what classes to take next semester . Also , she forgot to bring the reading she wanted to get done . ( See how the world plots against us students ? ) 
is writing her final paper for Medieval Lit . About chivalry . Again ! Just when I thought I was out ... it pulls me back in . 
has come on Facebook to let all of you know that she is finally done with her all her < PROPMALE > papers . You may all drink a celebratory toast . ( I will do the same for you . ) 
is having a wonderful Christmas . :) 
believes there is no better way to open the New Year than with a Twilight Zone Marathon . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , button enthusiast . 
