puppy's intestines should stay inside of their bodys cause it's weird to look at besides that todays been a bad mood mood day with my brother , other people , and my thoat hurts the same as strep but its not 

lost my voice 
can't stand being around my brohter 
can't stand being around my brother today 
accidently posted the same thing twice 
getting tired of this < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > stuff i don't see why people are honoring him all of a sudden- he molested a kid , and dangled his own children out of windows the best thing did was sing and dance why is it that everyone would honor him so much and n 
it's my birthday today now i can get a permit whenever i want 
spending 4-5 hours in the portland < PROPMALE > museum as a fun thing 
Ich bin ein Holzfäller und fühl mich stark 
todays a lonely day 
i have unlimited texting now and if you know bryn or < PROPMALE > they do too 
i have over ten books lined to to be read by me but i can't dicide which to read next give your opinion ( i just finished the 3ed < PROPMALE > potter today ) continue with the < PROPMALE > potter series ( reread ) the man without a face the giver ( reread ) go ask < PROPFEMALE > ( rer 
little miss sunshine is the best movie ever 
going to califormia with the youth group 
in minnesota 
still in minnesota coming back tomarrow 
pet sitting 9 dogs its great fun 
i have far too many books i have to read 
Books i plan to read- 1 . Maus 1 & 2 2 . Number the stars 3 . Night trilogy 4 . Freak the mighty 5 . Giver 6 . Lovely bones 7 . Dracula 8 . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe stories 9 . < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland 10 . Witches of Worm 11 . Speak 12 . Dr. Jackel and Mr. Hyde 13 . Giver 14 . The man without a face 15 . Catcher in the rye 16 . Runner 17 . Frankenstein 18 . < PROPMALE > Potter 
If you play farmtown you should send me halloween themed stuff I went all out on decorating it halloween themed 
Oh my goodness I love raccons 
I've decided somethings Favorite movie- little miss sunshine Favorite band- Mewithoutyou Favorite song ( currently)- i'm afraid of whos afraid of < PROPFEMALE > Wolfe 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT - If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you are finished , post this paragragh on your own status ; you'll be surprised . This is from idea is from < PROPFIRST > . Just tell me da first memory of me ! 
I'm a pirate today 
GO VERTERAINS !!! 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . 
If you're reading this get off the computer and go be with your family . It's thanks giving . What are you doing on facebook ? 
alright 2 things 1 I stayed home today because i was tired beyond funtioning properly 2 i just got in a huge fight with the devil cat who stuck out and got under my parents bed it took a while but i ended up getting her with the classic ' kidnap in a bag type thing ' which actually worked fairly well but my hands are really scratched up and blood now and shes in the garadge 
sadly waiting for the Monk finalle 
I need book recomendations 
I need more book recomendations 
Yes its another post about snow ( suprise ) well anyway i just got back from a walk to brush collage with my brother and came home to the bowl that i had left outside and ate the snow in it 
The Ravens beat the Patriots today . i'm happy . If they win the next two games they get into the super bowl :) 
Give me suggestions for animals to draw . 
I still have a huge bruse from bowling 
COMPETITION ! post a picture of your current cell phone back ground and tag it with my name so I can find it . The deadline for entering is the 20th after then everyone who entered will be able to vote on their favorites . You can't vote for your own but can vote twice . ( one for two different pictures . ) 
sleep- it just not working out 
I'm exited for the snow trip . Although the things I found to wear make me look like an evil bomb squad person and/or a dork 
Mood has a way of effecting mood . I think it's going into my happy season . 
Toast , cheese and a glass of milk . This is living . 
Freaking disney songs ... stuck in my head . Don't worry it's classic disney . 
Other people get letters for doing well n school and beng reconnized for it and such . I get letters saying that would be a good canidate for a self confidence beauty pagent thing . I'm very confused . 
As lots of you know I have been curious as to rather the purple people eater is purple or if it eats purple people . I've asked a good number of people about this but have finally decided to take a poll . Please tell me what you think . 
so funny http://www.thatguywiththeglasses.com/videolinks/thatguywiththeglasses/5-second-movies/105-harry-potter-and-the-sorcerers-stone 
We must be swift as the coursing river , with all the force of a great typhoon ! With all the strength of a raging fire , mysterous as the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well today in < PROPMALE > I plugged my Ipod into the docking system and made the whole class listen to disney songs . It was off the wall . 
Just got a cool jacket at the Dollar Tree . Yeah the dollar tree , and its not bad quality either . 
What is a Woo gland and where is it located ? 
If you want to contact me don't use my phone I lost the charger 
5 Dollar , 5 dollar , 5 dollar footlong . Freaking subway- Not only do I have your song stuck in my head but I want a sandwhich 
I'm feeling bored and chatty tonight . I'd rather not go to bed right now but tomarrow will suck if I don't . Thats probably the first time i've used the word chatty in a sentance if at all you care . 
Finished Catcher in the Rye , half way through The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nightime 
Facebook makes me angry , but I continue to keep coming back . Go figure . 
http://actinglikeanimals.com/2010/02/05/funny-animal-photos-wake-up-call/ 
Dear facebook , you disapointed me in a dirastic way today . I suppose it isn't really your fault but I'm taking it out on you anyway . I now have strong feelings agenst you and your lack of cool groups to join . Not only that you have millions of the same type of group that no one would actually care about . Although you have a group for pomegranets . That really cheered me up . get a hold of your life facebook 
If anyone knows where to find some difficult connect the dots puzzles that would be great . Like a thousand dots , I saw a book in a store like that once and I really want to do one now but can't fine any . 
My craving for milk has been constant for the last week or so . 
Anyone want to know what their name means ? 
I bet you won't ' like ' this post 
Theres nothing more upsetting than a bland potato . 
Sometimes the lemons life throw at you hurt . 
Theres a free episode of Adventure Time on I-tunes if anyones interested 
spoonfull of peanut butter and a chocolate bar after playing with the dog . This is the life . 
starburstjelly beans , you are my hero 
I'm super bored , give me cool websites to visit 
Butler , why did you have to lose you have such a cool name . Duke is pretty cool too I guess :/ 
Found a little quiz on sparknotes about catcher in the rye and aced it :) It's a good book 
Alright now , I noticed that I was getting close to finished with my book list . I need suggestions for good books .. 
I need the info for the social studies thing with the picture and all pretty baddly 
pretty bad weekend 
I've seen things were people join a bunch of groups that are virually the same- So I set out to join a bunch of team rocket groups . I don't know if I should feel proud or ashamed . 
If you're reading this- Join Team Boat 
For anyone that was texting me , my phone died and now I can't find the charger . I'll probably find it someone really stupid in a few days . 
Just got back from the wedding shower and th willamate quen . I'm a < PROPMALE > boat captian 
Well I guess I got a Formspring :/ Go wild http://www.formspring.me/neon7794 
I found out that I can both roll and flip my tounge . I feel pretty special . 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , your house is a mess , or your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ! I hate these ' repost things but I liked this one . 
I really wish that the ' friend of the day ' crap would stop posting on my wall everyday . 
Dear Miley < PROPMALE > , growing up does NOT involve becoming a slut 
Post your favorite lyrics . Mine are as followed-\ 
\ 
I can see widows and orphans through my tears\ 
I know my call despite my faults\ 
And despite my growing fears\ 
But I will hold on hope\ 
And I won't let you choke\ 
On the noose around your neck\ 
And I'll find strength in pain\ 
And I will change my ways\ 
I'll know my name as it's called again 
Robot unicorn attack-\ 
1st wish- 48768\ 
2nd wish- 13962\ 
3ed wish- 29308\ 
final- 92038\ 
Beat that ! 
I don't know why I've been so very angry lately ... :/ 
I hate ants so much ... 
Bus driver said that we wen't allowed to cross the street . Even on the cross walk . Guess who crossed anyway and is never riding that bus again . 
What a nice walk home . Take that bus . 
I just realized I haven't seen another person's face sine I got home . Goodness ! 
Doing something I haven't done in a long time . Inshaling when I talk . All the while sing poker face ( I blame < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) ) . Anyway I'm enjoying it but my mom is not . 
Just finished watching my favorite movie , Little Miss Sunshine . It made me happy 
Falcons in my house , < PROPFEMALE > hives and shrek . Good times . 
Just listened to 500 < PROPMALE > way too many times on the way back from the beach . Way to go how I meet your mother . It's going to be stuck in my head forever now . 
So walking down the hall I passed a door and someone had taped a peice of paper on it that simply said Dumble . It was the highlight of my day 
Today was an angry day 
Enchanted < PROPMALE > makes me happy 
I just finished Ocarina of time- The ending was disatisfying to say the least 
dentest was yesterday and the orthodontist was today what fun . Everything's all good exept for the fact that my teeth hurt , I have a slight headache , and I can't sleep . Again it's all good though haha 
Computers not working . so for the next few days this is all through the wii ... which takes a while to type on 
Brother's wedding is tomarrow . For today , the rehersal . 
My second brother is off and married now . It was a good wedding . Congradulations to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . 
I love movie nights where you don't actually watch movies but instead do things like make cotton < PROPFEMALE > and go to both harritt and brush college than come back to a bon fire 
I find it interesting that people consider writing an < PROPMALE > when truthfully all writting is , is thinking and putting it on paper . How odd that they would call thinking an < PROPMALE > . 
So excited to see the Avatar premere . I just watched way too much of the cartoon . 
I'm sure glad they chose to sign the decloration of dependence when they did . Any other season would be horrible for fireworks 
One Am and I already have 5 happy Birthdays on my wall . You guys rock . It's weird to think I've been around for 16 years or that could just be cause I'm tired :) 
It's been a long time since I updated this . So here it is . 
Accidently joined a twilight group thing here . Yeah ... Now I can't find out how to get out 
Try talking to me this week I dare you . Actually don't cause I won't reply at all . It's mission trip time . 
Native american healing circle , farm lands , lots of funny moments , white water rafting , very rushed showers . Quite a week . 
Disney , I'm really happy for you and I'm gonna let you finish , but < PROPFEMALE > had one of the scariest villains of all time . Not only in the movie but in history . 
I decided that if I'm not a phyciatrist , I'm gonna be a detective . Yeah that's right , and I'll wear a trechcoat and < PROPFEMALE > around little notebooks . 
bored ? this will keep you entertained for a while . I gaurentee it . \ 
http://www.foddy.net/Athletics.html 
Thank you life for this wonderfull sore throat right before school starts 
I guess I'll be seeing most of you guys tomorrow 
Is it weird that I can't drink Iced tea and feel right about it unless they'res vanilla ice cream to go along ? 
I know a dog that likes bottle caps . I just found out that my cat likes Q-tips 
Home from school today because I had to jump off a lttle ledge at lunch and land on my foot weird . Now it's swealled up and walkings hard . Also my phone deleted all my contacts , if you want me to have your number send me a message with it . 
Todays a take long naps and wear a bathrobe type of day . Also Fantasic Mr. Fox is a really good movie . 
Got back from the all nighter . Went to sleep a bit after seven . Just woke up . Now it's party time . :) 
Poll- I need to pick a person to use for an < PROPMALE > project . Can't decide between Dracula , Dr. Horrible or The Phantom of the Opera . Which person is best ? 
just made fire nation earrings from shrinky dinks . I have to say they're pretty awesome ... 
Happy 10/10/10 can't wait until 10:10 
I really didn't like today 
just expirianced what could have been my most awkward walk home yet due to the halloween costume , also I tried taking a new route and got a little bit lost and turned what is usually a half an hour walk into a 45 minute walk 
I'm quite bored . If you read this status you should post a comment saying the most interesting and misc . fact you know . 
Decided that if my plans for life don't work out I'm becoming a nun 
I warned my dad that if he kept leaving his facebook up I would change the language to pirate , and that's exactly what happened ... 
So I have a cat . This cat is horrible , to the point where it had to live in the garage . We recently let it back into a room in the house and while it was sleeping it growled . I swear that thing is a little monster 
Good day . Siblings came over , got a tree , drank some wonderful hot chocolate , watched a childhood cartoon with the family and then just got done with an hour and a half of DDR . Beat that . 
So during my sick day today , I slept for a really long time then woke up and made a big fort . 
I spent lots of today with some sort of < PROPMALE > song stuck in my head . Which is weird because I never listen to his music . Mainly Burning Love but it changed a lot . 
om·ni·pres·ent [ om-nuh-prez-uhnt]\ 
–adjective\ 
present everywhere at the same time\ 
I love this word 
It's always kind of fun to have an < PROPMALE > teacher think of you when they see something Batman related and tell you about it later 
I got all excited about the idea of painting an egyption god on the back of the phone and didn't really think that people might want to contact me ... If need be send me a message or something 
I like chicken , I like liver , Meow Mix , Meow Mix please deliver . Guess what I've had stuck in my head all day 
I seem to have misplaced my telephone ... 
I've got a rat in my pocket :) 
I miss the good old days when Disney was good ... 
The one downside of going to a really good concert is listening to their music afterwards and knowing it'll never be as cool as when they preformed it live 
So I was pretty spacey and tired today which caused me to get on the wrong bus . I ended up in Lancaster where I waited to be picked up for a while , from there I went to Crossler because my dad was reffing wrestling there . When my mom came to pick me up from there I tripped and faceplanted in front of everyone in the bleachers . I'm ready for a nap 
