wow school is already starting 

is excited for the race on saturday !!!! 
A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other . 
is so glad its finally fricken friday 
really excited for the track meet . It's Gonna be lots of fun . 
if you were another person , would you like to be a friend of yours ? 
belly dancers are people who use body language --- and stutter 
The early worm on the other hand gets eaten by the early bird 
Laughter : a smile that has burst into a joyous sound . 
A person's brain begins to work the moment he is born and never stops until he gets up to make a speech . 
There are those who are not the life of the party until they leave . 
with confidence , you've won before you've even started . 
Success \ 
is the sum of small efforts , repeated day in \ 
and day \ 
out . 
There is nothing common about common sense 
If you think you are beaten , you are\ 
If you think you dare not , you dont\ 
If you like to win , but you think you cant\ 
Its almost a cinch you wont\ 
If you think you'll lose , your lost\ 
For out in the world we find\ 
Success begins with a fellows will\ 
Its all in the state of mind 
Most people would rather die than think ; in fact , they do so 
The odds of meeting your dream man improve when :\ 
your wearing glasses instead of contacts\ 
your hairs a mess . \ 
and you've just gained 10 pounds 
anyone who calls a < PROPFEMALE > by any other name was no dobt pruning without a good pair of gloves . 
Friends are made by many acts - and can be lost by just one . 
It takes along time to grow an old Friend . 
They say we can learn from the mistakes of others . For some of us , the problem is that we're always the others . 
it's easier to forgive someone after you get even with them . 
One of the best things to < PROPFEMALE > on to in this world is a friend . 
One of the best ways to forget your own problems is to help friends solve theirs 
Everyone can use friends , but they really shouldn't 
Every Minute I am angry with a friend . I lose sixty seconds of happiness . 
Friendship shout not be thought of as something we get ; it is something we give . 
A flashlight is a case in which to store dead batteries . 
A nice thing about gardening is that if you put it off long enough it eventually will be too late . 
What most men really liked about their mothers cooking is that it didn't cost them anything . 
There is no one so narrow-minded as the person who disagrees with you . 
Some people expect it to rain when they thunder ! 
Some people seldom make the same mistake twice . Generally , it's three or more times . 
Gonna be going to Utah soon . I'm excited . :) 
Flattery is one thing that even turns a head on a stiff neck . 
A quartet is where all four think the other three can't sing . 
Sardines are little fish that crawl into a can , lock themselves up and leave the key outside . 
“We must all suffer one of two things : the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment . ” 
i am now in utah . fun fun ! 
I believe that our Heavenly Father invented man because he was disappointed in the monkey . hahaha ! :) 
Shin : a device for finding furniture in the dark . 
“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying . ” 
Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . . . . That way when you criticize them , you are a mile away from them and you have their shoes . 
Almost home ! 
“Though\ 
we drifted apart in distance I still think of you as being right here . \ 
And although we have many new friends , it is our friendship that means \ 
the most to me . ” 
No love , no friendship can cross the path of our < PROPFEMALE > without leaving some < PROPFIRST > on it forever . 
“True friendship is seen through the heart , not through the eyes . ” 
The\ 
other day when I was walking through the woods , I saw a rabbit standing\ 
in front of a candle making shadows of people on a tree . 
Never risk a joke with someone who is unable to comprehend it 
A joke is a very serious thing 
runnin runnin and runnin runnin , runnin runnin and runnin runnin 
Never be afraid to try something new . Remember , amateurs built the ark . Professionals built the Titanic . 
If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight . 
Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try . 
Don't\ 
wait until everything is just right . It will never be perfect . There \ 
will always be challenges , obstacles and less than perfect conditions . \ 
So what . Get started now . With each step you take , you will grow \ 
stronger and stronger , more and more skilled , more and more \ 
self-confident and more and more successful . 
Really great people make you feel that you , too , can become great . 
Success is not final , failure is not fatal : it is the courage to continue that counts . 
Motivation is the < PROPMALE > of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it . 
If your actions inspire others to dream more , learn more , do more and become more , you are a leader . 
Just go out there and do what you have to do . 
Most folks are about as happy as they make their minds up to be . 
Wanting\ 
something is not enough . You must hunger for it . Your motivation must \ 
be absolutely compelling in order to overcome the obstacles that will \ 
invariably come your way . 
All that we are is the result of what we have thought . 
I\ 
would much rather have regrets about not doing what people said , than \ 
regretting not doing what my heart led me to and wondering what life had\ 
been like if I'd just been myself . 
Brain cells create ideas . Stress kills brain cells . Stress is not a good idea . 
Friendship is like a glass ornament , once it is broken it can rarely be put back together exactly the same way . 
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down . 
Do\ 
not brood over your past mistakes and failures as this will only fill \ 
your mind with grief , regret and depression . Do not repeat them in the \ 
future . 
cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful\ 
of friends who have given me a heart full of joy . Let's face it , \ 
friends make life a lot more fun . 
State XC Meet Today !! 
even a small < PROPFEMALE > shines in the darkness 
For\ 
an athlete to function properly , they must be intent . There has to be a \ 
definite purpose and goal if you are to progress . If you are not intent \ 
about what you are doing , you aren't able to resist the temptation to do\ 
something else that might be more fun at the moment . 
iaodfjoadjdlkfjsdifsdlafjsdfiosdfvvidff . . . . I feel great . Life is Good :) 
3 days of school and then to Utah ! sweet 
leaving in the morning to spend the weekend in Utah ! 
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever . 
If toast always lands butter-side down , and cats always land on their feet , what happens if you strap toast on the back of a cat and drop it ? 
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today . It is already tomorrow in Australia . 
When you feel neglected , think of the female salmon , who lays 3,000,000 eggs but no one remembers her on Mother's Day 
God made woman beautiful and foolish ; beautiful , that man might love her ; and foolish , that she might love him 
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are . 
It\ 
is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend their \ 
faults . So to love someone that you cannot bear to see a stain upon them , \ 
and to speak painful truth through loving words , that is friendship . 
Let it snow , let it snow , Let it snow . 
some\ 
people are like Slinkies - not really good for anything , but you still \ 
can't help but smile when you see one tumble down the stairs . 
Courage is not the towering oak that sees storms come and go ; it is the fragile < PROPFEMALE > that opens in the snow . 
Don't you ever wonder maybe if you took a left turn instead of a right you could be someone different ? 
I want to go ice skating so bad . but the the weather is melting all the ice . :( 
WHOSE CRUEL IDEA WAS IT FOR THE WORD ' LISP ' TO HAVE AN ' S ' IN IT ? 
The difference between school and life ? In school , you're taught a lesson and then given a test . In life , you're given a test that teaches you a lesson . 
Oh Christmas break . . . i can't wait to see you one more day and you'll be mine . 
Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree . In the eyes of children , they are all 30 feet tall . 
Too often we underestimate the power of a touch , a smile , a kind word , a listening ear , an honest compliment , or the smallest act of caring , all of which have the potential to turn a life around . 
Want of care does us more damage than want of knowledge 
Faith is the bird that sings while it is still dark . 
stress levels . . . slowly decreasing . . . one more final ! 
Forget love , I'd rather fall in chocolate . :) 
people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . 
Ones best success comes after their greatest disappointments . 
It's finally the weekend ! 
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing . 
When you have confidence , you can have a lot of fun . And when you have fun , you can do amazing things . 
Look at life through the windshield , not the rear-view mirror 
Speech was given to man to disguise his thoughts . 
Life is partly what we make it , and partly what it is made by the friends we choose . 
. . . and yet life goes on . :) 
you brighten my day every time ! :) 
Cute is when a person's personality shines through their looks . Like in the way they walk , every time you see them you just want to run up and hug them . 
