: This is the year . This year has finally come . This is OUR year seniors . This is what we have been waiting for since we were born . But not only graduation , but this year is going to be the most magical year for everyone . I can't wait to see what this year brings . 

Am I the only one experiencing that Facebook tonight isn't working ? 
says the door is open , but time is the enemy . hoping that this will help a lot 
says that time is now against him , n is hoping for the best . 
did everything he did , now , time is killing him 
still has to wait , but has a really bright future . 
says he is luving wat the past , cause it made me who i am 2day , n who i am 2day is making a good future 4 me . thank u my past . 
is doing chores . check back every 10mins starting at 5pm 
has 2 do a chore that requires no internet . done until 2nite maybe 
is going 2 wait , n do wat he thinks is best 
is watching LSU fight for the World Series Championship !!!!!! 
is watching LSU fight for the College World Series Championship !!!!!!!!!!! 9-4- LSU 
says that LSU needs 3outs to win !!!!!! 
CHAMPIONS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
says this week was the best week so far this summer . 
can't wait !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
can't wait n had a blast thursday nite !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Rev's r 1-0 , n won 7-6 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is doing it wednesday 
says he'll b back in a few , dinner time 
back from dinner , but b back again after a shower , then b on all nite 
is back 4 the nite n can't wait 4 2morrow 
has a big thing 2 do 2day 
has music , has food , has soda , has the wii , ooo , it's going 2 b a sweet weekend . 
is being chased by cops 
escaped the cops w/ ease 
Happy 4th of July everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Have a safe holiday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is really happy 
has 3 more days to suffer 
ANGRY . FACEBOOK ISN'T WORKING 4 ME . TRYING 2 C OLDER POSTS , BUT < PROPFEMALE > I CLICK IT , IT REPEATS ALL POSTS THAT R ON THE < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > T 2 A DIFFERENT < PROPFEMALE > A FEW TIMES , LOGGED BACK IN , NOTHING . 
is very happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so many things r going very well !!!!!!!! 
is heading off the bed REALLY early tonite . had a big day of work , but goig to have a better day of chillin . going 2 the park w/ a friend , rev's game w/ 2friends , n spending the nite at a friends whom i haven't < PROPMALE > out w/ this summer . nite every1 
didn't sleep at all last night . 5:30 am- 10:30 am . Probably because I am excited for today . Park , Rev's , friends house . Be out all day !!!! Have a nice day everyone . 
had a perfect day , a day that won't be forgotten , except that there wasn't a Rev's game , wrong night , but oh well , still at a friends house . Have a nice night everyone !!!!!!!!!! 
finally did what he had to do for the night , and can't wait to tell her 
says that everything is done , except the \R \"" 
is going to plan out the rest of the week tomorrow with a few phone calls . 
needs to plan out the week with a few phone calls , but mainly one phone call !!!!!!! And I was waiting for the 1-year anniversary since Australia . Haha , I miss that place . ^7-1-09^ 
can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > with her even more , and is missing Australia . ^7-1-09^ ( via DSi ) 
is going to see < PROPMALE > Potter at 12am !!!!!!! And then hanging with her tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!! Hopes to go camping Thursday , and work on Friday and Saturday , and Sunday , well , I'll update later . One year since Australia !!! ^7-1-09^ 
is working on getting back his health for the next few weeks , by regulating the sleep schedule . Hoping this new idea gets my life back on track . ^7-1-09^ 
says that the health is starting to return it feels like !!!! Had a very busy weekend , and more busy days are to come , but it'll be worth it one day . 14days until Crash Week !!!!!!!!!! ( for those who are in the 09-10 marching band . ^7-1-09^ 
is hoping that he is able to go out tonight and tomorrow . Haha , busy with chores !!!!!!! 11days until Crash Week ( for all 2009-2010 band members ) ^7-1-09^ 
has a long work night tonight . A party of 80people , but I can do it . I know my stress releiver . Had a good week . 8days until Crash Week for all of people in the 2009-2010 band season !!!!! ^7-1-09^ 
had a very busy work day , and wasn't my day either ( speed wise ) . Didn't feel fast , and it was the busiest day I have experienced . Oh well , I'll be back though . 9day until Crash Week for all people in the 2009-2010 season . ^7-1-09^ 
has a busy Thursday . Band practice tonight !!!!!!!!! 3days until Crash Week for all who is in the 2009-2010 marching band season !!!!!!!!!!! ^7-1-09^ 
is starting to get upset about his friends once again . Don't want to go down this road again . It was hard enough the first time . 
says that it isn't his fault for what happened in the band . Don't be blaming me for doing my job . 
says that it isn't my fault for what happened in the band . Don't be blaming me for doing my job . 
had a tiring Monday . Worked on the house , soccer practice , and band practice . This all leads up to one thing- I want a cheeseburger 
is waiting for my schedule to come in , and the deed has officially been done . To most of you guys , you will find out in the first three days of next week . 
is at work , and the deal has been done . Most of you guys will find out next week . 
is home from work and is going to get a shower now . Be back soon 
is so very seriously tired . Soccer has wiped me out , but I'm having a good time !! 
is majorly tired from our soccer game against Dallastown . The score doesn't matter . What matters is how we played , and we really played hard . I believe we'll have more success than what people around the county will think . And when we face Dallastown again , it'll be a better game than the first one . 
has a good game at Central coming up !!!!!! It's going to be one h@$$ of a game , just like Dallastown was . If we play our hearts out like we did Tuesday , we'll show that York High Soccer isn't a push around team anymore . Go York High 
is totally excited for the Saints season this season . Devoured the Lions , and the Eagles are next . Yall might be at home , but these Saints are going to be that sleeper team this year . NFC South title , NFC championship title , and Superbowl title to come for us !!!!! Saints 1-0 , 45-27 
has a good day coming up with the Saints beating the Eagles really badly . Haha , Saints are 2-0 for the first time since our remarkable NFC Championship year , and our next few opponents might need to watch out for us . 2-0 , 93-29 , perfect start so far . 
says that we might have lost , but the loss really is an eye opener for us . We got off track on how good we really are , and this loss really shows us that we need to get back on track , and play like we did against Dallastown and Central . Embarrassing , but still , good for us . 
doesn't know any information upon the game tonight . All I'm doing is going down to the field , and waiting until 6pm , and if no one shows , well , I'm going home . 
says that them Saints are 3-0 for the first time since that best season ever back in 2006 . Home against the Jets next week . Haha , 4-1 in football , not so bad , but in about 6weeks , the \train\ " ( Central football ) is stopping in York if it didn't stop anywhere else . " 
hopes people comes down to Small's Field at 6:30 to watch this #1 band do it's job on the field . 
says that those Bearcats wouldn't be 6-0 without this #1 band !!!!!!!!!! 
misses Australia and the friends 
- Go Phillies !!!!!!!! 8-6 over thos Dodgers IN L.A. Going for another title it seems . Keep it going !!!! 
- Go Phillies !!!!!!!! 8-6 over thos Dodgers IN L.A. Going for another title it seems . Keep it going !!!! Now that is why Phillies have a < PROPMALE > to win the World Series . They might not have the best record , but they have the best road record tied with the Angels 
is never playing soccer in this type of weather again . 
says that just when you believe another upset is going to happen , the game gets tied up . COME ON ANGELS , BEAT THEM YANKS . GET HOME FIELD 
- Halftime : Saints 34- Giants 17 . Saints are living it up today . Brees is having a perfect day ( 17-21 , 3 touchdown passes ) , and the Saints are 4-5 in the Red Zone . GO SAINTS !! 
: Another update- Not even 4th quarter , and the Saints are up against the Gaints 41-17 . 
had a busy Sunday , and did good !! Haha , had a decent weekend , can't wait to end the week with a promise that this November was a better month than October , and can't wait until next week's match up against the Patriots !! 1 0-0 Saints over the Bucs in original fashion , just like I knew we would and had to . 
is annoyed that practically all ways to talk to people is down for a few days . I can't live w/out communicating !!!! 
doesn't care that the Saints lost . I'm more happier because now we are going to kill opponents . Teams should have wanted us to win because now we ain't going to lose anymore games this season . One win and we clinch home since Minnesota lost as well . 
: I hope everyone has the best Christmas of their lives yet , and I hope everyone got everything they wanted . I know I'm going to get what I want and that is to < PROPFEMALE > out with my family and friends , which is better than anything , even a Saints game . Well , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and have a great holiday . 
is working on iTunes today . Computer is being stupid and slow , but I got work to do , so I'll be on and off throughout the day . 
: See everyone next year hopefully !!!!!! :) 
gets a break with the Saints this week . I get to watch them on tv instead of online today . Go Saints/Carolina !!!!! 
is needing sleep tonight . Got a big exciting week this week . This week is the start of the best year ever !!!!!!! 2010 rocks !!!!!!!!! 
slept well last night and is wondering on what is happening on today and this week . So excited to see everyone again , and to get back in class to get them grades up again . 2010 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hopes Tuesday is a better day , but I doubt it . It's going to be too long , and it's too long away from what I need to do that I started , but couldn't finish . You may ask what is wrong , probably won't say , so get ready . 
is going to have a better day than expected . Things turned around a little overnight and should be fixed tonight . 
is needing to get his sleep schedule back on track , and then Life will be back on track !!! Life is good again from just one 40min talk from one person . They know who they are , and I thank you !!! 
wants the happiness to come of 2010 . This is not what I have expected just yet this year . Nothing . Things aren't going as well as expected or wanted to . Not saying what happened due that it's personal , private , and valuable where it's a deep secret to a good friend of mine that I was special enough to know , but yet , didn't help me out in the long run . 
: #1 Saints , vs . #2 Vikings for the NFC Championship , just like everyone wanted . Now we need the Chargers to win so it can be the top four teams for the Championship round . In the end , #1 Saints vs . #2 Chargers 
: Okay , so the Chargers didn't win , I'm good with that . That just means that the Colts will win against the Jets , and the Saints will beat the Vikings , and wouldn't you want the top two seeds to face off for the #1 spot of the season ? I would . Let's have that happen , and Saints won't blow it 
has a day of stuff to do and college stuff to do as well . Working hard , going to enjoy tonight !! Happy MLKJR day everyone , and hope everyone's day is going as expected , but if it isn't , well , sorry about that and I wish for you to have a better ending of the day !! 
has great news , but I'll report back after dinner 
: Got the best news this year so far and I got my old job back ! I was walking on hom from track , and walking by < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s , and they were celebrating 20years of being in business , and then they seen me , called me in , asked if < PROPFIRST > ( my neighbor and son of the owner ) called me and I said no , and they said that they need a dishwasher again due that the other one had to quit . I start Friday again !! 
SAINTS !!!!!!!!!!! Go and face dem Colts !!!!!! 
is going to enjoy work tonight !! And rest in the morning !! Haha , wonder what's happening on Saturday ?? Hmmmmmmmm ............ 
: haha , hey , it's snowing !! Betwen 10pm and 5am , it's a 62.5% < PROPMALE > of a good snowfall , between 3-6 , 83% < PROPMALE > !!! 
: Go Saints !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SAINTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
: Another snowfall , another day of shoveling !! Haha , oh well . I'm going to work hard because in the end , I will be rewarded . Going to work on things that I need to work on when I feel like it . Soon to those people waiting for stuff . Peace out and be careful everyone ! SAINTS !!!!!! 1607 
has to go shovel . Here comes the back pain , but oh well , it's for a purpose . Congrats Saints and 1606days left 
: Let's go Duke !! Saints won their championship , now it's your turn , then the Hornets if they get their act together . 1606days !! 4days !! 
: Saints Superbowl Champs , Duke beats UNC , Hornets get together , school going well , family issues are well , loving my friends , man life is going well , and I'm soon going to be 18 , where it seems the weather is going to give me a 6-day weekend ( yes people , I don't think we'll have school on Friday !! ) . Life is rolling !!!!!!!!!! 
thanks the weather because now he has a 6-day weekend instead of a 3-day weekend for his b-day !! Can't wait for that !! Wish an old friend would talk to me again though . 
is a little annoyed by some people thinking we are Antarctica now and by how we were hit by two blizzards . 
has one day left until he's finally 18 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Where has the time gone ? I don't know , but I do know that every day is getting better and life is getting better and I believe I'm soon going to hit a hot streak of goodness !! 
has when his computer is slow . Can't get anything done . 
: At 5pm , on this date 18years ago , a miracle happened in the Latham family ; a baby boy named < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Latham . 18 years later , he has learned a lot and still is learning , but isn't giving up on learning and nothing can stop him . He has a great life and he might have had rough times ( father passing away as his hardest time ) in life , but his life couldn't have set him up any better than it has done . 
wants to thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . I did have a wonderful day and got everything I wanted , even w/ a few things . Thanks again , I hoped your Valentines Day was good , and didn't have any defects . Weather update for people in York- We're not going to get big amounts of snow . Just a dusting . School on time then ! 
had a so-so week . Well , it started off well w/ me turning 18 , but then it felt like < PROPFEMALE > overs on Tuesday and Wednesday , but c < PROPFEMALE > ed my schedule up a little , and Thursday and Friday were perfect . Had a tiring Saturday though . Slept for like 7hours and woke up and still was tired which is unusual . But Another week is coming and I'm ready !! 
is taking advantage of this snow day by working , and finishing , up in my room . Got the music , somewhat of the warmth ( darn wind hitting my windows keeps it cold ) , but I have the motivation to get it done . 
wants to say congrats to everyone that was in West Side Story . That was an excellent play and I give it more than 5 stars . And the ending was a huge shocker , but a great turn around . Again , congrats . 
has been having a good change in his life , mainly due to track training . Making me stronger and making people surprised . Haha . Big week this week , but can't wait for any of those days , except Tuesday . Tuesday feels it's going to suck . Oh well . Night everyone 
: Day 1 of track practice- success !! My hard training last week I believe made me the fastest distance runner on the team !! I know it was Day 1 , but I feel it !! April 6th , I'm going to be ready for it !! Cannot wait 
: Please pray for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Delgado ... she is not doin good at all . She is 2 weeks old and she is 3 months pre-mature . The doctors need to giver her steriods because the bottom of her lungs are swelled and she might end up havin Ceerbal Pasly . We need a miracle !!! Please pray for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Delgado , she's my #1 friend's new born sister . 
is having a rough break 
placed in the mile and 2-mile !!!! Both 3rd place !!!! And the weather is going well , and life is feeling good !! 
doesn't like the PSSA's . I know I don't take them , but they make the day boring since no one is there !!!! And it's not fair that we have to go in and the 11th graders go home . We went to school !! But that's not what's up . I finally heard back from colleges and I've gotten accepted at MILLERSVILLE AND PENN STATE OF YORK !!!!!!!!!! Now , I need to finish up high school !! 
can't wait to graduate because once I am , I'm gone . I'm dine w/ this city and how kids act these days . It's really sad and i'm ashamed as well . 
did very good at his track meet and helped the York High boys getting our 1st win finally . Should have gotten more wins before this one . Next meet- home against Red Lio 
has to say that his best moment in his life is when he was accepted into Millersville , his worse moment was when he was told he was getting surgery for the first time , his favorite day was when he had two band performances and < PROPMALE > with his band friends all day , his worse day was when his father passed ( RIP Dad ) , and all this happened , but still , I feel the best is yet to come . 
: Millersville , here I come 
: Yo , that was like the best defensive play ever made by any team and the Phillies of course made it happen !!! Let's Go Phillies !!! Night everyone . 
is struggling in my mile and only have one meet left ( Tuesday , 3:30 , Senior Night , Smalls Field BE THERE !!!!!!!!!!! ) and then county's on the 14th . Loving the weather though and can't wait to go to MU !! 
: RIP Father . We all miss you here . I miss you too but one day we'll all be together as a family once again . We love you . 
Last track meet . Sad . If you can , cone support the seniors n the bearcats at 330 at the field . We'll need it against south western . Please b there . 
Will give his track review in the morning 
had a career day in track . Finished out strong . Got 1st time ever , 2nd place in the mile and close to personal best time by 3secs . 2-mile though , was going for under 10:45 and beat my best which was 11:00 . Got a 10:39 AND 1st place !! Thank you to all the showed , especially < PROPFIRST > and Rabbit 
is excited for the Relays today . Will give it my all for my team . I know I'm a better sustainer at running w/ good speed now . 
wants to congradulaye the Bearcats for their hard work and my 4x800 team for booting off close to 1 1/2mins of time and got third . Overall , great job everyone !!! 
: I wanna wish a Happy Mothers Day to all my friends mothers and their mothers and any of my friends that are mothers . I wanna say Happy Mothers Day to my mother , grandmothers , great grandmothers , and my sister as well :) 
is working on stuff for the next month coming . I need information from select people and < PROPFEMALE > , if you read this , call me , message me , or text me asap if you haven't yet . Got a busy week ahead including Friday where I am going to counties for my mile and 2-mile . 
hopes and prays he'll make it to Dallastown tomorrow and then onto work in time as well , and hopes the rest of the weekend goes very well . 
has prom this weekend and then working in the yard and studying for my finals . 
is going to another Revs game tomorrow w/ the school . It'll b my 5th game n keep the streak alive of wat I didn't expect of going to at least one game per home series . 
is going to rock it out tonight . Had a great end to the week and weekend looks strong and then Senior Week next week . School is almost done and I'm going to miss my friends and the music and track the most . Have a safe prom and weekend everyone !! 
is just going to finish up his room tonight . Focused on his life again and going to end with a bang to his 2010 school year and start the summer with an uproar . No one does it better than 2010 . 2010 all day !!!! 
is too tired to write a good status so night everyone 
wants to say that the concert went very well and congrats to everyone that participated and thanks for everyone too and good luck seniors . I'm going to miss you guys and miss everything . 
is going to be bored all week after today . Spanish is the hardest final and the rest will be the easier ones . This week is going to go by fast and I cannot wait til summer begins . Had a very restful weekend and is ready to tackle the week head on . Have a great week everyone 
is probably going to see his sisters play some softball and I'll just ride my bike a bit as well today . Busy week still w/ Finals and dinners to attend , and grad stuff at the end of the week . But I can't wait until next weekend . 
: Today is it . Final day for Finals . Final day for school . Final day for that feeling . Can't believe everything went by so quickly . I don't want it to end yet . Not yet . But life goes on and staying in contact is the best way to go . Congrats Seniors , we did it !! Class of 2010 all day , everyday , 24/7 !! 
: If you don't like how my friend < PROPFEMALE > and I < PROPFEMALE > out when we < PROPFEMALE > out and how we act around each other , well then , go somewhere else because this is our friendship and currently only three people are effected and those three are okay with it . 
: Graduation after 12 long years , including four long years with many changes . Couldn't have done it without my friends , my coworkers , my family , and everyone else . Thank you , and congratulations to my Class of 2010 !! We here and we made it . 
: Congrats my Class of 2010 . We finally made it and conquered through the hardest years of our lives . The years of changes , and yes we will undergo another change in the next four years , but this time , we have the ability of maturity and < PROPFEMALE > by our side . Very proud of all of you and it's an honor to be your graduate classmate . Good luck , stay in touch , be safe , and have fun !!! Congrats to the best class ever !! 
is so excited for his grad party today . Get to see his friends and family and I worked hard the past month and especially hard all this week for this day . Excited more than people can imagine . I planned the day when I got to have my grad party due to seeing them from my sisters and here it is !!! Haha , see you guys there !! 
: USA and England tied at 1 at half during my party . USA looked like they were running all over England 
wants to thank everyone who was able to make it to my grad party . You missed on h *** of a party and the weather didn't stop the best part . Well , the rain WAS the best part haha . Best party I could ever create I believe and everyone had their most fun time ever in their life so I was very happy with the turn out . Thanks again and thanks again for the support within the past 12+ years guys . 
is working here at the house to get ready for the summer and college . Post graduation has done wonders for me and I have been doing a lot of work to fixall the mistakes I made in the past and deleting the ones I don't need no more and working to make myself a better me and I have been succeeding . And that's all that I'll include . 
finally has an updated picture of me , but it's a few weeks old but I will say I didn't change much since then . Leaving for New Orleans in about a week and won't be back until the 7th and once I return , well , that's when the REAL summer starts haha !! I'll get done my MU stuff asap so I can have as much fun as possible w/ everyone . Have a nice weekend everyone !! 
has been working hard the past three days and I have done more than what was expected and plus , I had more to do due to my messes I made all over , but it's cleaniest I have ever cleaned . Left leg is hurting so bad that I couldn't even ride my bike up the hill . Ugh , hopefully it's nothing bad . New Orleans soon !!!! 
is at New Orleans . Be back the 7th , have a great 4th of July everyone 
is coming home from New Orleans today and cannot wait to be back home with everyone . It was a very long and very fun trip and I learned a lot and discovered more on what I wanna do in my future . See you guys soon !! 
is officially home from the best trip to New Orleans . Actually , it's a tie with the time I went w/ the marching band , but it was a very great trip and I enjoyed every minute of it . Miss everyone as well , and I know I'll see them again one day with my mini career change . This trip really was very good on me and prepared me for the future more stronger than ever . 
is hoping all his new friends got home safely and had very clean flights . I had perfect flights , almost lost my ticket , but found it before boarding , but lost my soda but I had clean and I hope everyone was better than mine . Added all but I believe 7 people so I must do some searching in a few days . 
: Didnt expect the heat to get this bad . Blackout here in the city . It doesn't natter unless my friends can't talk . Going out . Ttyl 
wishes he was in New Orleams because I'd rather have light and rain than no light period . This is ridiculous . People down the block and across the street have power but not us . Ugh !!! 
has his power back on and is going to get his shower finally . Should return in an hour and I will be in a better mood . Hopefully the headaches leaves as well . 
: Anyone that lives in California , how are you guys ? I heard there was an earthquake ( 5.4 ) and wanted to get updates . Hope everyone is well . 
is going to report that there probably won't be any big relief of rain here in York any time soon . This heat will continue to be in the 90s and continue to make it feel dead here . Small % < PROPMALE > of rain until Saturday which is 60% but won't be above 40% for the week after where the temps will be in the steady low 90s range . No relief but this is summer !! ( as of 7/8/2010 6:18 pm EST ) 
has got to show his pictures to his family asap !!!!! Wanna load them !!!! Haha , finally the rain has returned and it's a good thing here . Normal more so . Missing NO more than ever , miss < PROPFEMALE > ing w/ his new friends , but I will see them again . My goal now- use the free time to < PROPFEMALE > w/ my old friends when I get the < PROPMALE > before college . Have a great day/weekend everyone . 
has been working at home and working during through the rain . The rain has turned crazy here . It's actually worse than New Orleans , but it's not wide spread ( date wise ) like New Orleans is . 
hasn't updated in ages !!!!! Has been very busy around the house though and working hard to get to chill w/ my friends . Will have updated information w/in a few weeks . Got NNO this week and hoping < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > can come . Have a great week everyone . 
is going to try to go down to the field Tuesday and see his friends for at least a little and then come home to get ready for National Night Out in my neighborhood and praying < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > come . It'll be the best combination for me . 
might be chilling w/ < PROPMALE > Wednesday and is finally going to to the field and see all my friends that I truly miss and will miss once I'm gone . Who knows , if marching band doesn't pan out w/ MU , the alumni band might be my last choice !! 
is going to MU w/ his MU < PROPMALE > for his band meeting tonight but also getting his books hopefully and just finding our information when we move in in two weeks 
is sick and has been sick for about a few weeks now but is going to the doctors soon . College starts soon and I'm very excited . Will miss home but it's life . 
is finally going to the doctors tonight to finally get rid of this cough and light headedness and just all those negative symptoms . 
is leaving for Crash Week at MU/college today . Will miss his family and friends and will visit as best as possible . 
went on a nice refreshing walk w/ my roommate and MU < PROPMALE > and we went to watch the stars and just refresh the body in a sense and it was amazing and makes me wanna actually minor in Astronomy as the stars is weather at night as I call it . 
: Good luck to my fellow friends at the new times at York City . To the Seniors- just know : THIS IS IT !!!!! It'll go by quickly and faster than you expected . 
is having a great time in college , loving MU , missing my friends and family , but just loving this place . Food is better , friends are better , things are just better . I feel more free and again , I do miss life at home , but really , it's just the people , and very few at that . Glad to be here . 
: My predictions for this season- AFC N-Ravens , S-Colts , E-Patriots , W-Chargers , WC #1 -Texans , WC #2 -Steelers . NFC N-Packers , S-Saints , E-Giants , W-49ers , WC #1 -Falcons , WC #2 -Bears . AFC Playoffs-Steelers beat Chargers , Patriots beats Texans . Steelers beat Ravens , Patriots beats Colts , Steelers Superbowl . NFC Playoffs-Bears beat 49ers , Falcons beat Giants , Saints beats Falcons , Packers beats Bears , Saints advance to Superbowl . 
: Good luck York High !!!! Good luck Beartcats ( marching band ) . I will miss watching the games and playing . Wish I was there to support but just know , I'll have you in thought guys . Play well . 
: On April 9th-May 30th , Phillies was in 1st place . On May 31st , Atlanta took over the division . On July 20th-21st , Atlanta was up 7 games on Phillies . On July 21st-September 7th , Phillies fought back . On September 7th , Phillies take sole possession of 1st place once again . GO PHILLIES !!!! 
: The washer machine did the opposite of what is was suppose to do at Hull Hall !!!! 
: Saints vs the Vikings !!!!! The defense vs the QB . The NFC Champs vs the NFC runners-up . 8:30 pm tonight , the season starts , and it's going to rock . Let's go Saints !!!!! Show them that our defense is real and Farve should have retired and stayed retired . SAINTS ! 
: 7-0 Saints up early . 
: 7-0 Saints up early w/ a 27-yard TD pass 
: 14-9 Saints . Hanging in there , but this is a good game anyways . Going into the 4th quarter . I believe who ever has the ball last , wins . 
: Saints win 14-9 . 1-0 for the season , faces the 49ers on Monday night on the 20th ( I believe ) . Go Saints !!! 
is home for another weekend , but this one is to go to the fair and see the bands play ( mainly York High , but I'll support others as long as I can ) and then the Revs game and then back home for who knows how long . RIP 9-11 victims . 
has just checked out the standings , and the Phillies are just 4 games behind complete first place in the MLB by 4 games . Go Chicago !!! But it sucks that the Rays and the Yankees ( who are second and first ) face each other . I want the Phillies to be #1 overall !!!! 
: Like this status if your a Phillies fan !! 
just finished a ( total ) of 769 , summary and response , paper for English class as the rough drafts . Only took about 4 hours to work . Good night everyone . 
< PROPFEMALE > IS COOL 
doesn't understand what happened tonight . To me it seems no one had any real passion . At least , not in my area . 
: Has a real bad backache and upset that the tech shop at the university is closed today . Something isn't working with my laptop . Going out to play some racket ball later though !!! 
:S . A . I . N . T . S !!!!!! SAINTS !! SAINTS !! SAINTS !! SAINTS !! SAINTS !! SAINTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
: 9-0 already ?? We'll see . Saints ! 
: 9-0 already ! Haha , Saints ! 
: It was a sloppy one a bit , but the defense showed up and did what they did and we won 25-22 . 2-0 !! Saints !!!! We now gonna be home against the Falcons in the dome !!! Be aware Falcons , the defense is hungry !! 
: Keep it going Phillies . Your only 4-6 wins away from having home field throughout playoffs ( thanx to the NL winning at the all < PROPFEMALE > game ) . Keep this surge going !!!! 
did some decent Facebook work w/ adding more friends . Hoping my computer doesn't take long to get fixed , but who knows what will happen . Go Saints and Phillies and Revs , continue your winning runs . Miss my friends as well . 
: Due to the rain , MU is closing at 1:30 . No classes for me for the day then . 
: The one Saturday morning I get to actually sleep in , there is a freaking fire alarm . Now idk < PROPFEMALE > I'll sleep in again on this previous day 
York Revolution !!!!!!!!!! 
: Hey , vote !! What is better- poetry or writing stories ?? VOTE !!!!!! 
is hanging with the band ppl today at what they say is , the biggest performance of the season . Just glad to be out and doing my job , being in another environment I love , and just having a great day . 
: Ah , what a great start to the week . Had a fire alarm at 6am in the cold and rain , didn't get back until 7 , 30 < PROPFEMALE > nap , then went to chemistry . Oh yeah , this morning really early , really fell in love with my friends song . Haha . Great great Monday 
: < PROPFIRST > Halladays 10th complete game and 2nd no hitter this whole season . One walk away from a complete game though so that sucks but d*** !!! And it was his first postseason start . Never expected this . Good job Phillies . Game two Friday . 
is going to tackle the last two classes of the day to get that relief to go home . Can't wait to go home and see my friends I haven't seen in months and few friends I've seen a bit weeks ago , and < PROPFEMALE > out with my family as well . To rest and to organize are my main things to do this break to get better for the rest of the semester . 
can't wait to get back to college . I loved seeing everyone that I've seen in the past 5 days but I believe it's time to get back and get back to my career path and plus , I miss everyone back in MU . 
: WHY IS EVERYONE HAVING THUNDERSTORMS BUT YORK CITY !!!!! SO JEALOUS OF EVERYONE THAT HAS THUNDERSTORMS AND METEOROLOGISTS , DARN YOU ALL !!!!!!! YOU GUYS ARE LUCKY . NOW I REALLY WANNA GO BACK . 
: Attention < PROPFIRST > Penn Senior High School Marching Band and the middle school band as well- You guys did very well . I was waiting for that performance for weeks and it was better than I expected . Great job soloists and I hope to see you perform again soon . Again , great job . You make me proud ( in any sense that is possible ) 
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 31-6 . Next up : Steelers 
Saints won , phillies won , lsu won . Perfect weekend for me . Band did excellent , my friends were fun , weather was omg . Whew . Next up- auburn , San < PROPFEMALE > 3-4 times , < PROPMALE > . 
has a very educational day today , or reay , educational support , with the drumline and pit . I was awake at 5:30 am , so < PROPFIRST > that because this won't happen again for a very long time . Have a great day everyone . 
isn't hanging out tonight . Staying in the room to get all his work done for the week . 
: I think music just saved my night . 
has a busy day with everything . Decent weather to fit my mood though , so it better stay warm at that . Music is going to be key for me today so if you see me headphones in , let me go ; it'd be best . Have a great day everyone . 
: One class left and then the rest of my day is mine !!!! Probably going to the gym , maybe < PROPFEMALE > with my friends before our activities tonight . I have a seminar where I'm ready to go to . It's on hurricanes !!!! Going to work on my final copy on my paper , and get my Wellness work done so I can sleep in tomorrow and have tomorrow evening free of work . Thank you weather and music !! Your making the day work . 
finished his paper about Facebook . I had to have at least 900 words , my rough draft was about 950 , and I ended with 1,020 words , and it's very strong so I'm excited to turn it in . Busy weekend , hopefully get this one project done by Saturday mid-day or maybe even Sunday mid-day . Depends . But have a great Friday everyone . I know I will , rain or shine ( preferably < PROPFEMALE >.) 
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yeah , Steelers fans , wat were u saying ? 
is really not in the mood . That joke/prank went too far . Thank goodness I had no homework due so I can get some sleep early since I'm tired from this stupid prank . 
: Good Afternoon everyone !!! It's < PROPFEMALE > here in MU , not as cold , so it's going to be a great day !!!!!!!!!!! Hoping my roommate is having his best birthday yet , and if you haven't said it yet , say Happy Birthday to him . Jt Hyde is the name . Well , got classes soon and then after classes , band , and then I'll be back doing homework and just hanging out in my wing with the boys . Have a great day everyone !!! 
is almost finished with this item for a very dear friend of mine . Been working on it for a few weeks now , and look many MANY hours and some nights a total of 5 hours each night . Been working hard and getting it done when I can and I'm finally almost done . Hoping to be done by tonight . One class left and then getting some work done in some classes and then finishing up tonight . 
Who really knows me ? I bet NOBODY can answer all these questions ..... full name : _______ age : _____ birthday : _______ eye color : ______ ... nickname : ______best\ 
friend : ________favorite color : _______ favorite number : ______ my \ 
favorite drink : ______ post this to your wall and see ...... who knows \ 
you ..... :) Good luck (: 
LOVE\ 
MY SISTER WEEK . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your\ 
tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you \ 
on , and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are forever . Put this on \ 
your status if you have an amazing sister ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hess , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Latham , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Latham . Love you guys . You might be older , but just know you can take you down !! Haha . 
: Good luck to my fellow band members in the York High Marching Band . Seniors , very proud of the season you guys have . I just know you wouldn't want it any better . Everyone else , great season . Better than my expectations and even up in the ranks of all the bands I have ever seen , and that's including college level . Good jobs guys !! 
: Just wanted to update my profile status . Have a good rest of the week everyone ! 
just got done registering for his Spring semester and likes how the schedule is looking . 
is sick and isn't well at all . Going to the doctors tomorrow and then , I don't know . 
: YORK HIGH MARCHING BAND !!! YOU JUST GOT MORE PROPS FROM A NONMEMBER OF THE BAND AND ACTUALLY , THEY ARE FROM ANOTHER BAND THAT YOU ARE ONE OF THE GREATEST BANDS IN THE AREA . GO YORK HIGH MARCHING BAND !! 
: 1:55 is going to go by so slow . Pray everyone ! Have faith !! 
: Whew . A \W\ " is a \ " W\ " . Jenkins is the savior and winner of this game . Let's go Packers !!!!! Go beat the dirty birds !!!! " 
is thankful for his family , his friends and friendships that he has created in the past year , the weather that has occurred ,, the music that has been presented to me and that I have listened to , and the sports events that all have occurred in the past year . I'm thankful for everyone and wishes that everyone lived up to their thankful Thanksgiving . I'm mainly thankful for being here today . Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
: Out of all the profile pictures I have seen , I'm surprised ( mainly out of the guys , ) that there weren't any < PROPFIRST > pictures chosen 
\ATTENTION : thegroup asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartooncharacter is actually a group of pedophiles . There doing it becausekidswill accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoonpicture . It has nothing to ... do with any Child charities . IT'S ON TONIGHTS ......... NEWS . Copy & Paste this on to your status - Let everyone know \"" 
had a decent progressive weekend . Didn't get all what was wanted done but hey , nothing is perfect . Got a busy last week coming up , but you know what ? I'm living , got the power to do this , got music , support , motivation , and since my Saints are kicking a ** , haha , what isn't there to be stressed about ? 
has had a very stressful first few days of the week but today has been a very restful day and a needed day . Got a sore throat , but nothing new around this time of the year . 
can't sleep now since his cough has gotten real bad . I don't think today is going to be a great day . 
has his first final today ( Wellness ) and has been studying all night , got a good amount of sleep , got a good breakfast , and is ready for this final . Then , English work tonight for Enlgish final tomorrow . 
kicked a ** in his Wellness final !!! The reason : staying up long enough to read the chapters of the final and getting enough sleep and a good breakfast the next morning to finish reading the rest of the chapters . The final started around 12:50 , I was done within 30 minutes with a great feeling . One final down , two to go at the end of the week . 
is having a Mountain Dew Code Red with a turkey and cheese sandwich . Healthy+unhealthy = how does that work ? Got a lot of English work tonight , gonna get it done . 
wishes he had some headache medication !! 
: Well , nothing can help with this mood . All I want to do now is to go home asap . Why couldn't it be my Chemistry final Friday instead of tomorrow and just have my Math final tomorrow ? 
is really sick to his stomach right now . Really just want to go home now . 
is glad to be home and can't wait for the holidays . This week coming up , I get to see most of my friends . Today , I get to see my family and the Saints kicking some Ravens a** !!! As well as Duke kicking a ** too as the #1 team in college basketball !!!!! The team I'll support today after my Saints , Go Seattle !!! 
: Hello everyone . Just wanted to say < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays . Hope you enjoyed everything and hoped it was your best one ever/yet . 
is deciding to move away after college . Feels I'm suppose to and I'm living by what I feel . It'll do good for me anyways . 
is going to hit up York High this Friday . Well , me and my friend will hit it up . Be aware , it's going to be a crazy night ( since I'm going for the spending the night that night ) and crazy day that day . Haha , everyone reading this , you have been warn ( well , kids at the school ) . 
: This is so far my best birthday ( barely ) ever !!!!!! I have a wonderful < PROPFIRST > and I have great friends !!! I am living a wonderful life in a good situation . A month 1/2 ago , I didn't expect my birthday to be this great and I am thankful for this . Thank you everyone and thanks to my father where I just know he has helped me while looking over me . Miss you as well . 
If your mom is/was a hardworking woman , & was/still is your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were , or what kinda trouble you were in , or was just the Best Mom Ever , if you are blessed to still have her , or even if she is your Angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Mother . I love You , Mom ? 
