It took forever , but I think I got all my photos posted from last night ... 

I swear I didn't smoke a lot last night , but I darn sure feel like I had a whole carton ... ugh ! 
I'm pissed ! Someone vandalized my car at 0325 this morning ... Nothing like a rude awakening to your car alarm ! 
I'm just a little < PROPMALE > over ... lol . I had a fun night though ! 
Time to start a new week ... ugh ... 
Happy 4th Everyone !!!!! 
It is shower and sleep time ... I really shouldn't have procrastinated so much on getting my school work done ... I am sooo tired now , I should have been in bed an hour ago ... blah 
Got a job .... I get to go and have a pre-employment drug screening today .... gee , I hope I pass ... lol 
Is about to go to bed ... off work tomorrow ... on the hunt for a house to call my own ... fun times ! 
Hi-ho , Hi-ho , its off to work I go ... 
toddler bday parties are sooo much fun ... 
Time to start another week ... my last half week on active duty if all goes well ... yay ! 
needs prayers ! My dad was just diagnosed with prostate cancer . 
All I have to say is OUCH !!!! That fucking hurts ! 
Sick munchkin makes me want to cry ... 
Maybe he can actually get some sleep tonight ... poor sick baby . 
2nd week at my new job ... I think I can do this . 
Had a good day .... I think I should go get a massage every month . 
is half way through the drill weekend ... this is going to be a very long 12 days 
Ugh ... only 5 more days left in my 12 day streak ... oh , and boys suck !!! 
you will never be who you want to be if you keep looking over your shoulder at what could've been 
I am sick and tired of my baby boy being sick ... 
Soooo ... I close on my house tomorrow ... I am uber excited !!!! 
I hate being ignored ... especially when I need something really important !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The tonsilectomy has been scheduled ... finally ! 
Going to be out of contact for a few days ... moving and the internet will not be set up at my house until sometime on Monday or Wednesday . 
Has internet again ... Yay !!!!!! 
The munchkin is doing fabulously post surgery . Thanks all for your kind words and support ... its not easy sending your two year old into surgery = ) 
Ugh ... Back to work tomorrow after a glorious long weekend ... This is going to be a dreadful 11 day week . At least the kiddo is doing great ! 
Today was a good day ; I had lots of reasons to smile ; ) ~ 
I am such a slacker . I waited until the last minute to do my school work for the week and now my college website is having problems ... yay me ! 
Yay ! I just failed another quiz ... I hate being such a slacker . Where is the motivation when you need it ?!?! 
Yeah ... so , I got halfway through my driveway and my snow blower crapped out ; and I don't have a shovel as back up ... this is gonna be interesting ... lol . 
Got the snow thrower fixed ; bought a shovel and cleared the front steps and purchased tools so I can fix the darn thing myself next time 
Blah ... Algebra midterm in an hour and a half ... pray for me ; I totally suck at algebra . 
Algebra Sucks !!!!!!! Only 3 more weeks ... pray for me to pass ; I don't think I can take this class again if I fail .... blah 
got the tree all nice and decorated ... and some other things .... today was a good day ! 
Blah .. I have 2 measley months to prepare for the chiefs exam ... 
Just got done baking cookies for the potluck at work tomorrow ... damn my house smells sweet ! I love it ! 
Passed Algebra .. YAY !!!!!!!! So glad thats over . 
How is it that a person can be unwilling to compromise anything to be with you , yet at the same time move the earth to be with another person and change their whole belief system in the process ? When this happens repeatedly , does it mean you are the problem , or just make bad choices in who you give your love to ? If you can read this , it is not in reference to you . 
I am soooo not going to work tomorrow .... Mama needs a break ! 
You would not believe how much I got accomplished today . It was a good day with a nice ending . Time to rest up for the xmas party tomorrow night ... good times ! 
Live , Laugh , Love and Dance like nobody is watching ! 
I like the whole White Christmas thing and all ; but is it necessary to get frostbitten fingers while shoveling the driveway ? That shit hurts ! 
Just spent an hour scrubbing dog crap out of tan carpet ... Why is it that dogs think its a good idea to come in the house from being outside for 20 minutes and go straight upstairs to the toddlers play room , crap on the carpet and then play in it thus spreading it all over the whole room ... all in under 5 minutes ! UGH !!!! 
Cleaning up after the explody Christmas tree sucks . There are pine needles everywhere thanks to the kittens and the two-year-old rolling in them and tracking them all over the house . 
is very happy with life right now 
Life is good 
Gonna party like its 1999 !!!!!!!!! 
Ok < PROPMALE > friends ... I will be ringing it in at Hi5 downtown ( by Bogarts ) , come see me !!!!! 
I would actually be having fun if I were here with all my homies :-( this place is pretty cool . I guess I just miss home 
After a great long weekend , I am not looking forward to going back to work tomorrow ... but oh well , someone has to pay the bills . There should be some sort of law that says ; after the age of 30 , you should get the whole week of your birthday off work ... paid ! 
Gotta love a bedtime tantrum ! 
Time for a shower and bed .... Good night all ! Happy dreaming ! 
Tomorrow's trash day ... anyone want to come give me a hand ... lol .... and the litter box needs to be cleaned too ... 
Blah ... time to wrap it up ... not really looking forward to what tomorrow will bring . Nothing good ever happens on my birthday ... I just keep getting older .... can't I just sleep through it ???? 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes ! It means a lot . 
Well ... the birthday started out very boring with crappy weather .... but I had a very good night ... and , thanks again for all your birthday wishes . 
Burgundy 
Call the Nestle Crunch Hotline at 1- 800-295-0051 , When you are asked if you want to continue in English or Spanish , just wait quietly for about 10 seconds and you will smile . Promise ! Keep going and press 4 . Listen to the options ... then press 7 . If you comment on this after listening , don't give away the surprise . this is amazing . ..... Just trust me and do it ... you won't be sorry - < PROPMALE > 
It is so nice coming home to a clean house . 
You amaze me ! 
Soooo glad drill weekend is over ... almost a month and a half until the next one .... Yay !!!!!! 
3 1/2 more day of the 12 day stretch ! I think I can ... I think I can ... 
Why not .... It's WAYBACK WEEK ! RETRO ! Change your profile picture to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young ! Copy and paste this , and let's see how adorable we all were ! 
Ugh .... gotta love kids . Does anyone have a plunger ? My toddler just snuck into the bathroom and tried to flush a whole roll of TP . 
Ok ... plumbing disaster yesterday , and today .... my toddler broke a pocket door ... how do people survive the terrible two's ? Is anyone out there handy around the house , I'm gonna need help .... lol 
Looking forward to tomorrow ... it will be day 12 of 12 straight . 
I love it when the kiddo takes a 4 hour nap ... I just wish I could plan ahead for it ... lol 
Pizza and hot wings ... yummy ; the only thing missing is the ice cold beer . 
I just don't think I'm the baby shower kind of girl ... seriously ; all I cared about was the free food and beer ... lol . 
had lots of fun last night with the friends ... thanks all for coming out for the birthday party .... too bad I didn't get any pics of rock band ... 
I love my son .... he just took a 5 hour nap so that I could take a 4 1/2 hour nap 
Had fun with the ladies ... and < PROPFIRST > ... good times ... time for bed .. blah 
Ugh .... I'm so screwed ... lol 
Only you have the power to make yourself happy ... so quit sulking in what could've been and grab hold of what makes you happy now ... it could last a lifetime . 
got the < PROPMALE > problem out of the way .... now time to work on the others ... being a grown up sucks ! 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
We have snow ! 
<3 <3 <3 
For those of you who live in CO ... are you supposed to get something in the mail when it is time to renew your vehicle registration ? 
Always follow your heart , don't fight against where it is leading you ... it could lead to something amazing ... nothing is impossible . 
Kicked ass in trivia last night .... It was over all a GREAT night ! 
Murphy's Law .... gotta love this crap ! 
Gets to do taxes on Friday ... yay ! 
Why is it that , once you finally get rid of a handful of stressors , you are suddenly energized ? Too bad it had to happened at bedtime .... now I can't sleep ... lol . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this post as your status , then copy and paste the FIRST entry under your name as the first comment . 
Had a killer night ... good times had by all ! 
remembers why red bull is a bad idea ..... ugh . 
Ya know .... if you stop focusing on all the negative aspects in your life and REALLY look at all the positive things ... I am willing to bet the positive greatly outweighs the negative and true happiness could be staring you right in the face and you probably don't even know it . 
Well ... I think its time for my sick ass to go to bed and have some more medicine induced crazy dreams ... I have a really bad feeling something uncool is about to happen . 
Don't you hate it when you have sooo much to say , but only 10% of it gets said ? 
Ok ... time for bed ... I am ready for this whacked out day to be over ... 
I feel like I got my ass kicked ... remind me to stretch or something before I play volleyball with the guys again ... lol ... I need a soak in the hot tub and a massage ! 
Happy Valentines Day ! 
Ugh .... giving a 60 lb , clumsy , stubborn , fluffy puppy a bath without help is definitely an adventure ... lol . Good thing the cleaning ladies are coming tomorrow ! 
I am seriously regretting the amount of food I ate at the mexican themed potluck at work today ..... ugh 
Ugh ... why is it only Wednesday ???? only on day 3 of 12 ... this is going to suck 
So , I went to the BX today and discovered that vampires work there .... seriously , the girl that rang me up had real vampire fangs ... lol 
Day 4 of 12 done ! Can I have my vacation now please ! 
Day 5 of 12 done ! The next 2 days are going to suck !!!! 
I think the kiddo may finally be done puking !!!! Yay !!!!! 
I hate it when he is miserable and there is absolutely NOTHING I can do to help :-( 
Eh ... the weekend was too short as usual .... but I am glad to see this one come to an end ... 
Well , it looks like I left my camera at the bar Saturday night ... yay me ! At least I know where it is and they are holding it for me . 
Decided that now would be the perfect time to bake some cookies .... yummy ! 
Things happen ... it is always best to just laugh it off and move on ... your true friends will always be there for you in spite of the stupid shit you do or say ... its all part of being alive . 
How many toddlers do you know that giggle when you tuck them in because they are so excited to be going to sleep .... he must have some awesome dreams ! 
Why is it that the stupid , insignificant crap sticks with people more than the important , good stuff ? People suffer for their mistakes way longer than they need to ... I say \who gives a shit ... screw them all ! \"" 
Only 5 more days left ... Ugh ... 
Good Game ! Now that we know the most difficult side of things ... the season should be lots of fun ! 
TGIF .... even if it is snowing like crazy . 
had a lot of fun last night ... sooo glad the 12 day week is over ... Chiefs test tomorrow morning ... 
Yeah ... so , my freezer stopped working ... 
yeah .... so , the fridge isn't working either ... blah 
I just realized that in the past 2 days , I have bought 70 lbs of ice ; and in the end , 95% of the food will spoil anyway .... I hope the refrigerator gets delivered early tomorrow ! 
My kid is either a vampire or he got into grandma's makeup ... cuz he sparkles when te sun hits him 
Bah ... 
is board eligible ... still don't know how that happened ... lol . 
Blah ... nothing like a PRT to complete your Sunday afternoon . Halfway done with my 12 day week ... 
All packed and ready to head out for Puerto < PROPMALE > . I hope I didn't forget anything .... I got all my stuff to fit in a very small suitcase for carry-on ... lol . 
And so it ends ... a gorgeous morning in Puerto < PROPMALE > ... its time to go home :-( 
Vacation was great ! I am glad to be home with my munchkin . Tomorrow I get to go back to work ... blah ... but on the plus side , I only have a 3 day work week ! 
It only took me 2 hours to load the Puerto < PROPMALE > photos .... I will caption them later . 
I'm so tired ... long day ... I hate waking up at 5 am . 
Yeah ... so , I think I totally jacked up my knee today .. this is going to be fun 
You can fight it all you want , but you still have to go the way your blood flows 
What causes more pain , fear or honesty ? 
Why do I keep hearing different versions of the same quote ??? Seriously , 4 times in the past week I have heard different variations of , \The heart wants what the heart wants \"." 
Ok everyone ... don't forget , Mother's Day is in 5 days .... lord knows I will be forgotten since my kiddo is still too young ... lol 
I must say ... I have got the most amazing kid ! He just put himself to bed 20 minutes early ... lol . 
Mmmm .... corn muffins with a < PROPFEMALE > butter glaze .... can't wait til tomorrow ! 
Haha .... I love it ! My son just put himself down for a nap ... Happy Mother's Day !!!!! 
Another one bites the dust .... how many times do I have to say it ... I don't want to be the perfect girl for any guy not looking to fall in love any more . 
If timing is everything , then I have the worst timing in the universe ! 
If you got a video from me .... that went directly to you not posted on my profile , don't open it ... its a virus .... delete it immediately !!!!!!! 
Have a fun Memorial Day weekend .... I will be chillaxin at home with my favorite little man . 
RIP Grandpa Buggy .... you will be missed ! 
2 hours at the free water park with good friends and two little boys = a very tired and burnt mommy ... Jonah Hex tonight ! 
The 4th and final Resident Evil comes out September 10th ... it looks bad ass ! 
Off to the Renaissance Fair with the family .... this will be interesting . 
If not for the rain , I think my front lawn would be ablaze ! 
Blah .... sooo tired . One more day of drill then 5 days of work and finally life back to normal and a quiet weekend at home with my boy . 
2 more days .... then its potty training boot camp ... I can get this done in one weekend , right ?!?!! 
Ugh .... bed time . I should have gone a couple hours ago .... gotta be energized for the fair tomorrow with JJ and the boys 
I should have known something wasn't right when he slept until after 10 this morning .... then we had a fun filled day of vomiting and other yucky stuff ... poor baby , at least my munchkin is sleeping soundly now 
Time for me to try the whole sleep thing .... pray he doesn't wake up again ! 
Ugh .... now that there's nothing solid left , he can't even keep down his pedialyte ... my poor baby ... at least showers make him feel better 
Unfortunately , the puking has returned =( My poor baby boy .... I hate that there's nothing I can do to make it all better . 
Time to get ready to head to the Renaissance Fair with JJ and Tony .... this is gonna be a little nuts 
Met lots of really great people this weekend ... now its time for the 12 day work week to start 
So ... Malibu Pilates just kicked my ass .... this is going to be interesting ! 
I swear .... I have the most amazing little boy on the face of the planet ! 
Yay ! I finally got rid of the sliver that has been in the bottom of my foot for over a week ! 
Ugh .... I soooo need to go to sleep , but I am wired right now ; I actually have some time to myself ... 7 down , 5 more to go .... bleh 
I just finished my first day back in the classroom ... Fun times ahead . Someone please tell me how it is that I am the class clown ; seriously , me ?!?!?! 
I just read an article that says \based on studies\ " ... kids with no siblings have the potential to be better off and more productive adults than kids with siblings ... hmmm . That seals it for me .... no more kiddos for this lady ! " 
Looks like we may be adding a new member to our family .... gotta see how the initial meeting goes tomorrow = ) 
So ... While I was in the garage , the dogs decided to let themselves in the back door ... Scared the crap out of the cats and made a mess ... Lol . My bad ... I forgot to lock the sliding door . 
Pimpin it at club 200 vip style w 5280 bachelor of the year .... no shit .... this is crazy 
A nice relaxing weekend coming to an end .... where does the time go ? 
The terrible twos were a breeze compared to whatever this craziness is that occurs at age 3 .... grrr ... 
Went to a fun lil toddler B-day party , then got a call ; my dogs got out of the yard ... yay . So I left the toddler B-day party with mine throwing a temper tantrum the whole way home . At least the neighbors were nice enough to keep the dogs in their yard til I picked them up . Guess I need a better latch on my gate ... ugh ! 
Ah .... nice relaxing weekend with the munchkin .... life is good ! 
Blah .... waiting sucks . 
Long day ... got the kiddo to bed ... time for mommy to go to bed ... at some point I have to get my school work done , blah . 
Day 1 down ... 11 more to go . 
It has been a productive day ... now time for bed . 
Yay ! Its raining ... I'm gonna sleep good tonight ! 
Its official ... Will be at Ft . < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > the beginning of December . 
So , today in my computer class I heard that Facebook will be merging with youtube and twitter ; they're going to call the site \youtwitface\ " ... I thought it was funny . " 
Just one more day of this 12 day week .... I think I can , I think I can ... 
I have the most awesome friends ever ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Had a great night relaxing in the hot tub with my girls and a few bottles of wine . 
Failure is something that we all have to deal with , but how you overcome it is what defines you . 
Day 1 of 12 , done .... This is gonna be a loooong 2 weeks ! 
This kid amazes me every day .... I am the luckiest mom ever ! 
Just realized , after reading my doctor's notes in the copy of my medical record that was mailed to me , I need to get a new doctor , this one doesn't pay attention . 
Fun times at the Navy ball last night .... pictures on the way 
Don't you just hate it when someone asks for your opinion ; you give sound advice ; they totally ignore it and then come whining to you that things went wrong ??? 
It is beyond heartbreaking to know that there is something missing from my sons life that he wants and needs so desperately , but there is nothing I can do about it :-( 
Going to McCabes tonight ... for karaoke . Will get there around 7-8 , come out and have some drinks . 
UGH .... Car issues .... maybe I'll just trade it in .. 
Stupid F-ing anthrax shot ... I feel like crap :-( 
good sex is like a warm blanket , you just want to wrap yourself up into it and < PROPFEMALE > on all night long 
Going to McCabes .... Come < PROPFEMALE > out , I only have a little over a week left here ! 
McCabe's was lame tonight ... 
Just had the best laugh in a looonnng time . Someone will be pissed , and I'm okay with that . 
Hail ... hmmmm . I thought we were supposed to get snow . 
In honor of VETERAN'S day , change your profile pic to a pic of you , someone you love , or a man or woman in uniform and keep it there till after veteran's day . Thank you to all of the military past , present , and future who fight to ensure our freedom . God stands with you wherever ... you may be ! 
Hmmm .... Applebees , Famous < PROPMALE>'s or Texas Roadhouse for free food tomorrow . I wonder if I have enough room to squeeze in all three :-) 
Had a bast last night ! A special thanks to everyone who came out to wish me farewell . I'm going to miss you all more than you know .... I love you guys !!!!!! 
This whole organizing , sorting and packing stuff would go so much smoother if I had real help ... blah . 
Everything is loaded , now I have to sit here and try to remember if I am forgetting anything 
Ugh ... stopped for the night in Arkansas ... worried about the dog situation . Never in a million years did I think my brats would start acting nutzo as soon as I hit the road ... blah . I hate to do it , but Winter may have to go :-( 
I'm loving free wi-fi 
R . I . P my sweet Cali-girl ... now you can have fun chasing all the bugs you can eat , without being attacked by mean ol ' doggies ... You will be missed ! 
Nothing like 78 degrees and 75% humidity ... hello Gulfport ! 
For those of you having a hard time , try something : sit down with a pen and paper and write down all the things you are grateful for in your life ... #1 should be , \I woke up this morning\ " ... I guarantee there is more good in your life than you think ! " 
Made it to GA . Now its time to sit back and relax for a while . 
Why is it that the episode of NCIS where they rescue Ziva always makes me tear up ... lol . I'm such a girl . 
First day of work ... lets see how this goes . 
Grrr .... Truck is making a funny noise ; so I took it to the dealership to get fixed and they have no idea what's wrong and can't give me a rental until they have a \diagnosis\ " . At least its covered under warranty . " 
This is for awareness , and in protest of violence against children . Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood , and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , Dec . 6 , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but rather an invasion of childhood cartoon memories . 
Gotta love an indoor snow ball fight ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Wow ... crazy weird dreams ... < PROPFEMALE > , I am tired of covering for you when you kill people ... LOL 
Mega Millions drawing tonight ... maybe one of the 20 tickets I bought will pan out ... lmao ! 
Thank you so much everyone for all the birthday wishes ! 
She is the girl who never shows how she feels . When she cries , there is no one around to see . When she hurts , there is no one to comfort her ; and when she fears , she stands up tall to fight whatever will come . She is strong and can overcome all challenges set before her . That girl is me . Bring it on , I am ready ! 
Saying good bye is always difficult , but jumping into the tasks ahead and holding tightly to the fuzzy memories will allow the time to pass quickly . 
Dealing with taxes sucks ! At least we are having a thunder storm so I can get some good sleep . 
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear .... 
\Buried\ " is absolutely the wrong movie to watch when you have friends serving in Iraq . " 
Seriously ... WTF is wrong with movies today ????? What ever happened to the happy ending ? Why do they all have to kill the good guy in the end , then fade to black . I give up ; no more movies for me ... lol . 
Man , I really miss ... 
OMG .... Wii Sports Boxing totally kicked my ass ... I feel like I've been hit by a bus . Who would've thought that you should stretch before playing a video game . 
I hate having to deal with retarded supervisors , especially when they are the same rank as me . PAIN IN MY ASS !!!!!!! 
Ooooh , laundry ... 
The US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right under the First Amendment to protest military funerals .. I invite you to start your protest in my front yard and we can see if your First Amendment is better than my Second Amendment ........ 
My thoughts and prayers go out to all who have been affected by the earthquakes and tsunami(s ) hitting Japan , Hawaii and the West Coast of US . 
I am so excited ! I just got confirmation that my super awesome cousin < PROPFEMALE > got a job as a production assistant on this seasons dancing with the stars .... I am so proud of her ... even if it is a gopher-type position :-) 
I discovered a great stress reliever this weekend ... Yay for shooting ranges ! 
Time to go shoot things .... yay ! 
Qualified Marksman in pistol and Sharpshooter in rifle ... not bad for my second time ever firing a weapon . 
\Unstoppable\ " .... I just can't stop watching this movie ! " 
I AM A HANDFUL -unfortunately most women WON'T re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle but , I love and give with all my heart . If you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . 
