has surrendered . He's watching it . Glee . 

has no phone and no reliable internet . Hm . Not such a great idea . 
is already tired of college , and he's only just finished planning his schedule . 
managed to defeat the evils of Verizon Wireless and got himself a brand new , and hopefully fully functional , phone ! 
is missing Mushishi Disk 4 ! Whoever has it better speak up now ! Or I will be very , very disappointed in all of you . >:( 
wants Blazblue . Immediately . 
hates it when his hopes get up . \We'll be in touch . \ " CURSE YOU AMBIGUOUS TIME-FRAMES !!! " 
just spent WAY TOO MUCH on textbooks . 
hopes his retina is still in one piece . 
is astounded by just how poorly things can work out . 
has gone through the rigors of assembling yet ANOTHER college schedule , and is marginally excited for this one . 
is pretty sure that District 9 blew his mind and that he's hoping day and night for a District 10 . 
is excited for his first day of work . 
had a really good day . 
misses Deadwood . A lot . Why isn't there another show that brilliant out there ? There has to be ... 
hates having to wait . But he will . Again . 
just watched an episode of Project Runway for the first time in years , and is very excited about it . I love you , Lifetime . 
is not particularly excited to have to ride the < PROPFIRST > train , but he will try to make due . 
first day of school blaaaaaarg . 
gets a four day weekend ? Yes please . 
wants to watch Tekkonkinkreet again . 
Just got his grubby little mits on the Pan's Labyrinth OST . And is consequently whimsical . 
took a show-show cause he had stink-stink , and is happy again . 
likes playing the Name My Reflective Essay game . 
is reading the last volume of Fullmetal Alchemist and is KINDA FREAKING OUT . 
is woe . 
misses his DaVinci teachers . A lot . 
wonders how much more public transit can disappoint . 
is at a loss . Which Planet Earth episode to watch ? 
New-ish Nikka album ? Sign me up . 
still has no idea what to make of things . Oh well . 
really really really wants to go see < PROPFIRST > Sedaris ... 
does not like brown sunrises . Silly smog ! 
found the coolest sweaters on Etsy . Sigh . 
totally made a pigeon friend at the bus stop today . He ate the pretzels from my Chex Mix . For that , I am in his debt . 
is kind of in love with Doctor Manhattan . It happens . 
WHINNIE'S HOME ! <3 
discovered , after hefty mathematical calculations , that he spends an average of 2/3 of his daily commute sitting at a bus stop/train station staring . Disappointment ensued ... 
is actually , officially , going to see < PROPFIRST > Sedaris ! Yes ! Come , < PROPFEMALE > ! Be excited with me ! 
received a < PROPFEMALE > hand . It made my evening . 
has no idea what to make of Axis Powers Hetalia . Seriously . It's funny ... But five minutes ? Whatever . 
was woken up , not by Clocky . Not by his cell phone's alarm . But by the thunder . Thank god for timely thunder . 
went to see Thriller with the siblings . It was AMAZING save for the hooting queer and his hag seated behind me . 
saw a little girl with a pug on Trax today . He thought it was adorable and stuffed until it peed in her lap . 
saw Saturday Mailman at Thriller ! He is still deeply , deeply in love with Saturday Mailman . Sigh ... 
is being angry at project runway again ! CURSES ! 
is seeing < PROPFIRST > Sedaris . Tonight . For real . Woah . 
Is afraid that his work might want him to dress up for Halloween ! He has no costume ! 
could watch this snow for HOURS . He thinks he will . 
was dismayed to find his bus smelling like fish . Grody . 
for the first time in months , has nothing he has to catch up on before class . Weird . 
To all Aviary Peoples : < PROPMALE > was in my dream last night . He was my landlord . I still had no idea what he was saying . 
is having Phoenix Wright flashbacks again ! 
was disappointed by how quickly things got him down , but was then reminded how quickly some people can cheer him up without even trying . 
is having a coughdrop for desert . Yay , honey-lemon ! 
is pretty sure that it isn't December until there's snow on the ground . Try harder , mother nature ! 
is tired of this disobedient elevation . ABIDE , damn you ! 
is stressed about his work's upcoming dinner function . Dressy Attire = Stressy Connor . 
IS STRESSED ENOUGH TO VALIDATE A STATUS UPDATE IN CAPSLOCK ! STRESSY STRESS STRESS . Sorry . 
shrugged . 
shouldn't have gotten out of bed . Period . 
finished his test . Now he gets to go home . But he's stalling , because he doesn't want to go back outside into the cold . 
is sure that Spiderman 3 is , in fact , worse than Halle < PROPFIRST>'s Catwoman . It saddens him so . 
\So is there dessert or did I eat it all ? \ " It was a sincere question . I promise . " 
is having < PROPFEMALE > withdrawals . Again . 
is convinced that an unawares bug is the best kind of bug . Aaaah , the wisdom of < PROPMALE > Nook . 
just realized the article he is supposed to read for Spanish tomorrow is actually a 30 < PROPFEMALE > essay on white man's privilege . Dayum . 
can hardly remember being so captivated by a book . It has been far too long . 
never thought he would know the joy of two seasons of project runway in one year . 
had a terrifying dream of < PROPFEMALE > macaws . 
is the angry owl . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name . Copy and paste this as your status and then in the first entry under your comments , put the meaning for your name . 
wonders how much longer his cornea will be exfoliated after getting bodywash in his eye . Curse you , fickle little beads ! You've betrayed me for the last time ! 
is never sure what to do in an empty house . The usual nothing or a super special nothing ? 
as spent far too much time chasing Cthulhu through DeviantArt . He blames < PROPFEMALE > . 
wants Broken Bells to come out like , right now . Please ? 
is actually missing cable . Because he's going to miss the premier of Life . Not even Oprah can lessen my anticipation ! 
had freaky NyQuil dreams . Featuring a member of the Village People ! 
was deluded by rage . 
found the most charming of soiled band-aids attached to his shoe at the bus stop . Only the thought of returning home to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > kept him fully conscious during the removal process . 
is watching < PROPMALE > and freaking the hell out . < PROPFIRST > Lithgow ... Best TV villain ever ? 
was assaulted by a wasp at his doorstep , then found some boxelder bugs mating in his kitchen . It would seem summer is here already . 
is on another HP Hovercraft binge . Supernatural Horror , AWAAAAAAAAAY ! 
gave in . He's a B&N member again . Curse you , free shipping ! Curse you ! 
loves haircuts so much . He needs more of them in his life . 
learned of KFC's new Double Down sandwich and promptly wept and vomited . It seems more at home in a Simpsons punchline than in the real world . 
is totally watching videos of kittens on youtube . Got a problem with that ? 
wonders why nobody told him there was a new < PROPFEMALE > Merchant CD out ! Excitement ! 
is positively awful at crossword puzzles . For shame ! 
actually misses the Pelican Suit . And Saturday Mailman . Mostly Saturday Mailman . 
answered the door expecting a friend , found a missionary . Disappointment ! 
wants his Aviary pigeon friends back . 
wants to watch Fried Green Tomatoes . Wow . 
is lamenting the arrival of summer as he changes into shorts . Please come soon , fall . 
doesn't want to have to wait until August to get his grubby little nerd-paws on the last three volumes of Mushishi . I love you no longer , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
How will I know ? 
wishes < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would do more , because every time I see him I like him more . 
is on another astrology binge . Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeee . 
holds Goldfrapp to a high music video standard , and she continues to please ! Hilarious ! 
needs a new wallet , but doesn't want to give up his dinosaurs . 
is not malcontent , he's just perfectly happy hating everything ! Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
saw a great beard today and is , again , fighting the urge to try his own ! God knows he has the hair ... 
needs more Yotsuba in his life as of now . 
is sitting in bed drinking an enormous cup of tea , eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and reading a book about pigeons . My life in a nutshell . 
wants to see Toy Story 3 again . And maybe a few more times after that . So good . 
thinks hyperbole is his bestest friend . 
wonders whose injury will prevent them from dancing this week on SYTYCD . * shakes fist * 
curses Etsy for its ability to keep me riveted for hours looking at steampunk knick-knacks ! 
has watched people get fired left and right for years and wonders how the hell he survived . 
can't believe they screwed up the ending of Pillars of the Earth as badly as they did . Cryface . 
finds it strange that his bird is TERRIFIED of paper towels , but couldn't care less about the vacuum . Seems a bit backwards . 
is so excited for Castlevania . It's been far too long . Come quickly , October 5th ! 
Amnesia is probably not the best game to be playing while home alone at midnight . ... Or is it the best ? 
took a slight detour home from work and met four ( FOUR ) new kitty-friends ! Hooray ! 
needs more Memebon in his life . 
feels like he's gonna get some bad < PROPFEMALE > for accidentally dumping a pot of boiling water on that spider who was chilling in the sink . Wrong place , wrong time . Sorry < PROPMALE > ! 
love < PROPMALE > Cooper more each day . You go , girl . 
believes that it should always be X-Files time . 
found another reason to like the X-Files . Family disappears during hurricane , presumably consumed by mysterious tentacle-y beast . Cat survives . 
is glad that Netflix finally added Mushishi , but he is more glad that it's even in HD ! Shame those dvds are just for show now . :( 
This is LOVE MY SISTER WEEK ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! Post if you have an amazing sister ! Miss you tons and tons , Whinney ! 
misses the < PROPFEMALE > from Tower Theatre . Why must you be so cute , oh Tower Theatre Cat ? 
thinks that nobody will ever take Saturday Mailman's place , but Australian FedEx guy is trying PRETTY HARD . 
finds himself listening to entirely too much of the Machinarium soundtrack recently . Curse you adorable robots and your adorable music ! 
wants Cee Lo Green and < PROPFEMALE > Monae to take over the world together . 
needs to get a Hufflepuff costume for the next ( and last ) < PROPMALE > Potter premier . 
is hoping for snow . He doesn't want this sad , soggy rain . Winter is for snow , silly salty city ! 
Political talk at Thanksgiving ? Play Angry Birds . >.> 
has the internet again ? Weird . 
should , in all honesty , be a Slowpoke . But oh , well . 
is still not a Slowpoke . So ha ! 
Thinks that if left to his own devices he could watch/read/listen to < PROPFIRST > Dawkins all day . 
wants to be a Gloombasaur but sucks at shooping . Damn . 
was not prepared ! 
has a heart attack every time his browser slows thinking he's going to be internet-less for a week again . That was a bad week . 
wants everyone to know that his life is now forfeit because Good Eats is on Hulu . Oh , < PROPMALE > . 
gets so invested in these new Google Chrome ads . You go , Googs . 
wishes BBC Earth would just make a \Complete Collection\ " so that he wouldn't have to spend an exorbitant amount on all their DVDs . Sigh . Brits . " 
is officially having reality TV withdrawal . He spent his evening watching old SYTYCD episodes . This is a problem . 
is glad that Mr. < PROPFEMALE>'s moult is over so that he can return to his dignified self . He is quite vocal now , however . Maybe now that he's fully mature he thinks it's breeding season . Uh-oh . Hide the stuffed pigeon . 
loves that ever since he started donating to Audubon he has been getting tons of weird mail . Today , he got a \Certificate of Appreciation\ " from Ducks Unlimited . With a most charming print of hunting dogs having their way with some mallard . " 
wants to see Black Swan again . Already . Seriously . 
is sad that St. < PROPMALE > is coming and he won't get to see her . Sigh . * shakes fist at Sundance * 
Verizon iPhone tomorrow ? Consider my fingers crossed . Go go Big Red ! 
just watched the \Previously On ... \ " of a single episode of Carnivale and is already freaking out . Stupid HBO . Love you so much . " 
Heard the brakes of a snowplow outside his window and thought it was his teapot . An immense disappointment . 
It's official . Mr. < PROPFEMALE > ain't no mister . And she needs a mate . Any takers ? 
finally bought Minecraft . Finally . 
I'm glad that chicken spawned inside my Minecraft house . It's nice to have a companion during those long , zombie-filled nights . Let's hope a creeper doesn't blow him up . 
I am not at all surprised that the first issue I have ever had with Netflix is actually Microsoft Silverlight's fault . Good job . 
Dear X-Files , I'm sorry I've been gone so long . I'm back now , don't you worry . I still love you . 
Is a clorbag varblernelk . 
It's surprisingly awkward sending friend requests from your pet's profile . \ 
Just in case you were wondering . 
