Who wants to make a band ? 

Bored 
Fuck ! Got nothing to do for the weekend . Gonna be kinda boring :( :( .. :D !!!! 
So I just woke up 
boats and hoes 
Awake 
back from playing a little music 
boredom 
is anyone good at latin ? 
I sit here amidst all the chaos of this world with a calm smile on my face . Everything is fine . Everything is great :) 
I hate my mom 
BLAH 
:/ 
what are things you could do with 200 dollars ? not that I have that much haha just wondering what you would do with that money . 
friday nights are ecstatic 
vidya games 
umm ... why do people even watch these stupid award things ? it's a bunch of bullshit . i honestly could care less who has a better video according to someone's oppinion or who is a better actor according to someone 
bored 
i wish i had some brownies 
i wish i had some brownie mix 
cool i aint gots no brownie mix so ima just make some fudgey cake ! :D 
using egg substitute in my cake ... i made it myself :D 
i got my cake in the oven :O 
I slept well last night 
Good Day 
Man I'm feeling good 
im tired 
Holy shit it's 9 am 
no fucking wait its 10 pm 
whaT ? 
I think i have something to do tomorrow ... yay for procrastinating 
I should go to sleep 
tired 
Broken Hearts or Broken Souls ? 
playing music 
does anvone else have an event invitation that they keep clicking on but it just takes them back to home < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Oh , I know that she gave me all that she wore 
So ... tired 
Confused 
Typical Friday ... nothing to do 
It's a sunday night and I'm indifferent about school tomorrow . Who knows it might be a good day . 
Today was a good day 
The Joker and The Thief 
Muse kicks ass 
Feeling better but still sick :( 
Groggy and cold . Bus in ten minutes . < PROPFEMALE > better wake up . 
Class of 2012 rule 
I just woke up . I've been waiting for saturday all week so that I could sleep in :D 
Walking With A Ghost- The White Stripes . Amazing 
feeling good . I finally slept well 
Guitar Lesson 
Man Im bored 
Just woke up . Last night was fun . 
Hola 
making brownies from scratch 
Ahh this is such bullshit . 
Lost my phone charger 
I never wake up well ... My head hurts , my eyes hurt , my jaw hurts and I'm freezing . 
Maps- Yeah Yeah Yeahs 
I'm tired . haha I got so much sleep last night too . 
back from the movies . 2012 was interesting 
Ahh I have nothing to do today :( 
highschool is such bullshit . 
Foreign Authority ... 
Arctic Monkeys :) 
Weezer :) 
What's going on tomorrow ? 
Smells Like Teen Spirit 
Muse :D and I know you saw them live < PROPFEMALE > haha 
Too much stress is unhealthy haha . I'm gonna go relax everyone :) 
College Humor lol 
pullin an all nighter without all the boring work . i'll do that tomorrow . 
No idea what I want for christmas 
Time is ticking ... slowly fading 
People are so prone to fads 
I have some dumb ideas 
fucking computers ! 
Just got back from checkmate 
I was in checkmate for having too many tardies . It was so boring 
Back from < PROPFEMALE > 
Just got home from sanding my dad's boat . I got blue all over me from the paint lol . And he says he's gonna pay me 50$ for helping him out :O 
New phone 443-786-9726 
Back from < PROPMALE>'s house 
All that is necessary for the triumph of evil \ 
is that good men do\ 
nothing- < PROPMALE > Burke 
Take your problems elsewhere I'm sick of everyone bitching on facebook it's really getting old seriously . 
Back from Sailing 
Remember the fallen September 1st-October 6th . 
Passed out last night early lolc 
The Strokes 
Rearview Mirror 
i hope we have no school tomorrow :D 
Someone put a 9 next to my 6 key 
Having 3 classes a day is nice :) 
