says no to 2000 10 . No to 20 10 . Yes to 10 . 

beaten by quads 3 times in 1 day . What are the chances ... 
still needs to go get his diploma 
lives in Bentonville now . Embarrassing I know . 
finally got a credit card . Now to pile myself in debt . 
loves the weather 
feels like going away 
chem 4 , comp sci 5 , calc 5 , stat 4 , and lit 2 of course 
needs a better phone signal 
is ready to skip homework 
off to some cal coolus 
eats swine flu for breakfast 
' s roommate is drunk 
who wants to do my physics homework ? 
figured out what I did wrong on the Cal test 2 mins after turning it in . I need a sparring partner . 
wooo go go go hogs 
doesn't look like I'll be sleeping tonight . 
I hear the world hissing What happened what's missing Hip Hop ? never died they forgot how to listen 
' s roommate snores like a beast . Been a looong night . 
1 more day until new episode of Numb3rs wooo 
is craving baby carrots 
the 2 air fresheners aren't enough to cover < PROPMALE>'s smell 
needs to think of something for the physics project 
best morning this year 
4:20 in the morning and not studying for cal II midterm 
is refueled up on rice and ready to roll 
made a big fail on cal II midterm 
has a headache on his mind 
has 20 hours of classes next semester 
another one down . I wonder who's next . 
is slipping into nocturnalness again 
is freezing but still refuses to sign to get heat on 
keeps getting food on himself .... 
Never take life seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway . 
happy thanksgiving 
is eating the best eggrolls ever 
should start on his physics project ... tomorrow ... or Sunday ... maybe Monday 
is gonna drop out of college 
2nd floor agrees that the 3rd floor is best 
1 final down . 5 more to go . 
If your dog is fat , you aren't getting enough exercise . 
For every action , there is an equal and opposite government program . 
had his glasses crushed in the rave 
Most problems are not created nor solved , they only change appearances . ( Einstein's law of persistence ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Stell and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > makes me feel so swell . 
Good news : 1 month of rice . Bad news : My brother's back . 
no glasses until the 24th . Time to drive dangerously . 
I’m awake but my world is half asleep 
The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some sort of mental illness . Think of your three best friends , if they're okay , then it's you . 
world series of poker here I come . 
can see again 
Without geometry , life is pointless . 
meerrry christmaaasss 
There's snooooowww !!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmaasss !! 
flush beaten by full house 3 times in a row . Bad day . 
you were always there through my bad times . No matter what happened you stayed beside me . ... I think you're bad luck . 
check-raised then stacked that foo 
Noobs learning to shoot . I taught em well . 
is a liberal conservative 
wakes up with nothing to do then goes to sleep with it only half done . 
tsunami at humphreys !!! 
missed first class . Need sleep . 
Adults are just kids who owe money . 
How does a man show he's planning for the future ? He buys two cases of beer instead of one . 
stacked dem foos 
People always breaking up , falling in and out of love . I just wanna let you know , Imma never let you go . 
tsunami !!! 
to intervene or not to intervene 
is gonna listen to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . And no I'm not drunk or going crazy . 
is losing faith 
needs to take his mind off things . Can't sleep . 
< PROPMALE > mumbles about Miley in his sleep 
ICE APOCALYPSE !!! 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > in the s ..... you know ;) 
One of the great mysteries of life is how a man can leave his car keys in the refrigerator . 
can't wait for next semester 
I see them changes . Wake up in the morning and I ask myself , is life worth living or should I blast myself . 
didn't know hearing her voice again would make me feel this much better . 
forgot his laptop charger at the dorm ... 
lame streets won't freeze 
anyone in sociology with Thompson ? 
hopes he'll make it through alive 
I don't know karate , but I know karazy . 
I like big pots and I cannot lie . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s and Chinese New Year Day 
snow and sunshine 
I used to eat a lot of natural foods until I learned that most people die of natural causes . 
needsa find a roommate for next semester 
life is sexually transmitted 
Some people are like Slinkies . . . not really good for anything , but you still can't help but smile when you see one tumble down the stairs . 
All of us could take a lesson from the weather . It pays no attention to criticism . 
is listening to guys in the shower rapping to eminem 
never new so many asian girls ate breakfast . Time to start eating breakfast more . 
my RA is too noisy with her boyfriend . 
finally got this beast up and running 
bing blang blauw I got your money now 
will call your overbet with nothing but a flush draw 
about time Spring stopped procrastinating 
always feels good waking up to a beautiful girl's voice 
my piano class is being rejected 
wants to fly a kite out his dorm window . 
Don't ask why you're not like others , but why you want to be like others . 
so easy a business < PROPMALE > can do it 
passed that math assessment thing on national pi day 
anyone got a room on 7th floor of humphreys ? 
the < PROPFEMALE > has some epic music 
immortal jellyfish are going to take over the world 
university knew it was gonna snow so they scheduled spring break for this week . 
maybe I can buy USA soon . 
TILT !!! 
even broken clocks are right twice a day 
is it Sunday already ? I haven't started my break yet . 
in this poker game of life , women are the rake . 
don't waste new tears on the past 
linear algebra is killing me 
< PROPMALE > came back just in time for row week 
neighbor has alarm going off and he's not even there ... 
clicked wrong button on pokerstars and lost $8 ..... 
health freaks are going to feel retarded someday while laying in their deathbeds dying of nothing 
You're pro , or you're noob . That's life . 
3 weeks left . 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper due in 4 days . 1 day to get heading down . 1 day to get first paragraph . 1 day to finish first < PROPFEMALE > . 1 day to bs the other 9 < PROPFEMALE > s . 
any poker games around here ? 
great minds talk about ideas ; small minds talk about people 
white people drive weird 
so instead of writing my paper i go back to sleep . 16 hours of sleep now . Something about it makes me sleepy . 
freezing outside , couldn't sleep , got soy sauce all over my glasses , lost my key and fob . I love my life . 
gonna use my very particular set of skills to own the finals 
there is no overpopulation , just greed and exploitation 
needed a 69 on final for a B . Made a 58 . Somehow still got my B . 
Luck is just the door . You gotta come through the window . That's where the skill comes in . 
an escalater can never break . They just become stairs . 
dogs are forever in the push up position . 
Fettucini < PROPMALE > is macaroni and cheese for adults . 
I haven't slept for ten days , because that would be too long . 
no more advanced comp requirement . Nice work U of A . GPA life saver . 
I like to play blackjack . I'm not addicted to gambling . I'm addicted to sitting in a semi-circle . 
I once saw a forklift lift a crate of forks . Iit was way too literal for me . 
I remixed a remix , it was back to normal . 
I want to get a vending machine , with fun sized < PROPFEMALE > bars , and the glass in front is a magnifying glass . You'll be mad , but it will be too late . 
TILT !! 
$16.65 for 1st and $6.30 for 5th . So close to 1st today . 
spicy chicken sandwich at chik fil a . Gonna love UofA next semester . 
504th : $4.04 , 4th : $5.00 , 3rd : $7.00 , 2nd : $10.00 . Another decent day . 
You can't trust a promise someone makes while drunk , in love , hungry , running for office , or playing poker . 
Played with the pros . Got owned by the pros . 
I wanted to buy a candle holder , but the store didn't have one . So I got a cake . 
It’s illegal to mispronounce the name of the state of Arkansas in Arkansas . 
I wear a necklace , cause I wanna know when I'm upside down . 
English . Few rules . Millions of exceptions . 
the fish aren't biting today 
1 week of insanity complete 
I would imagine that if you could understand Morse code , a tap dancer would drive you crazy . 
I'm against picketing , but I don't know how to show it . 
I'm sick of following my dreams . I'm just going to ask them where they're goin ' , and hook up with them later . 
Viet nail salons . We taking over < PROPFEMALE > one nail at a time . 
Far more lives are lost to diseases caused by a lack of sunlight than to those caused by too much . 
If my kid couldn't draw I'd make sure that my kitchen magnets didn't work . 
sleep paralysis . Can't sleep now . 
Rogers be da best . Well #10 at least . 
a few years from now a civilization would believe we worshiped the double rainbow . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > uses old spice . 
I never fall . I attack the floor . 
' s ulnar nerve doesn't work anymore . 
2nd month of Insanity . Gonna be insane . 
if it don't look like self-defense , make it look like self-defense . 
housing switched my dorm room argh 
Marriage is the only war where one sleeps with the enemy . 
gonna stack some noobs 
curiosity killed the poker player 
1 week until im sweating in hump dump again 
will be world champion 
tried to get packed up during the last minute . Forgot paper , pencils , pens , q-tips , pillow , and probably some other stuff I forgot I forgot . 
you can live the rest of your life without food . It'll just be a short one . 
watching the freshmen get lost 
They changed late night FML !! I'm dropping out . 
Humphreys is too hot to catch on fire . Humphreys 1 - Yocum 0 . 
Physics prof looks like the doc in back to the future . Digital design prof looks like < PROPMALE > gates . Programming prof is Asian and pronounces L like R . I love college . 
gonna switch back to pokerstars 
fish be running hot tonight 
Physics II - piece of cake . Next up , Cal III . 
I open my eyes ; it was only just a dream . FML . 
Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
brings my swag to class - Scientific Wild-Ass Guess 
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening at once . 
Man is the only animal who likes tobasco sauce . 
should not have waited until the last minute to do my digital design homework 
Running on 2 hours of sleep with no caffeine . 
smashed 
Woo Pig Sooie 
It's very dangerous to wave to people you don't know because what if they don't have hands ? They'll think you're cocky . 
plays over 2,000 hands a day 
roommate and RA in shower singing disney songs together 
is the donkey KONG 
mmm goi cuon and com chien 
If at first you don't succeed , dust yourself off and realize you're obviously not one of the Expendables . 
You only need to know enough math to know when your calculator is giving you garbage . 
is attached to another object by an incline plane wrapped helically around an axis 
Disney songs , < PROPFEMALE > tunes , and Backstreet Boys blasting out the window from my room . That's how we do . 
Chess is like classical mechanics . Poker is like quantum mechanics . 
roommate snoring louder and louder every night . 
sleepy but can't fall asleep ... 
is gonna switch to theater < PROPMALE > 
CSCE 2214 , CSCE 3193 , MATH 3103 , PSYC 2003 , SOCI 2013 . Around 11:30 - 3:30 everyday . Life is sweet . 
Loves the open road at night . 
\Knock knock\ " \ " Who's there ? \ " \ " Hieu . \ " \ " Hieu who ? \ " \ " Hieu people need to listen to me . \"" 
so much to do so little time 
What's < PROPMALE > Potter ? 
Thanksgiving break means I might actually get caught up with all my work . 
Apparently < PROPFIRST > Swift is obsessed with Asians . Then I woke up . 
halfway caught up on all my work . 
43/100 on digi design test . One point above average ha 
coding the day away 
All the Asians raised their hand when my name was called . 
548 . I hate you . Go away . 
138 . Hope you lose your leg to a train . 
111 . Stay away from me creep . 
42 . You cool . 
Needing to scan my ID card to get into some places in JB Hunt makes me feel important . 
finally got black ops 
Asian is the new black . 
noobfest on black ops . Best Christmas ever . 
fell asleep 3 times today 
snow is being a little late getting to rogers 
canker sores everywhere fml 
cousin singing to black and yellow 
back for the humphrey showers and brough food 
Spicy Chicken Sandwich at Late Night . Best . Semester . Ever . 
Security breach on my web servers . All data lost . FML . 
Teacher actually suggesting us not to show up for class . Best semester ever . 
Just finished his first homework assignment of the semester in 2 minutes . Now what to do ... 
Mubarak needs to understand that if they cut off Xbox Live from Egyptians , they're not going to stop rebelling . 
Paper assignment in sociology is now extra credit , no school tomorrow , people celebrating the lunar new year already , and Athene is back . Best day ever . 
Didn't have to go to first class , second class was cancelled , a 1 hour nap turned into 3 hours so missed third class . Pretty much another snow day for me . 
