Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 

A little discouraged with school . Been tired a lot ... should probably get my hemoglobin checked ! Perhaps I just need to get more organized ? 
Would love to go on a mountain getaway . Thinking of how to go to Utah during springbreak . 
glad that this last class is over . If the stress wasn't about to give me a stroke it was probably going to for my husband :) 
Can't believe I got an A- for my last class ! Shocked but not disappointed . I guess I just had to refocus and get it together . 
Third day with sick two year old -- Fever , cough , crying , yeah ! My husband thinks it's swine flu . Tried to explain that it wouldn't matter if it were since the CDC says it's more mild than thought .... no more dangerous than seasonal flu . Even still ..... 
Hard to belief I'm up at 4 in the morning looking at facebook . At least my toddler is sleeping finally . Poor little guy is still sick ! 
This Saturday sure has been interesting ! 
Glad that my work offers healthcare options but 13 hour shifts are really not my cup of tea ! 
I'm ready to win the lottery . All of this studying is for the birds ! 
Good grief I've been busy ! So All-American to add so many things to the agenda that you end up not doing any of them well . 
I can't believe I got caught up on facebook instead of getting my homework done . Hmmm . Be social --- get bad grades . Forget I ever had a life --- graduate . 
How is it that I can think of a million things to do besides sleep but then I have the nerve to complain of being tired ? 
Spring break is good so far . We'll see how I feel at the end of the day when the little ones have worn me out ! 
Another fun day with the nephews . Sometimes it is nice to have a house full of laughing , running and sometimes yelling children . Temporarily of course . 
Time to buckle down ..... a little dose of caffeine and some music and its time to write yet another paper . 
How is it that 2 1/2 hours of sports can't wear out an eight year old ? 
Took the time to stop and smell the roses today . Now my husband is complaining about all the stuff he thought I should have done on my day off . Oh well , you win some you lose some ! 
< PROPMALE > is drawing on the walls and windows again and I can hear him saying letters of the alphabet ....... great ! lol Maybe he'll be a very successful artist one day ? 
If at first you don't succeed , destroy all evidence that you tried 
Yeah , I made an \A\ " on the last class ! Now if only crossing fingers would work for the lottery ...... " 
For anyone who hasn't heard yet our daughter < PROPFEMALE > is getting married next month ! Formal announcements to follow . Grandma at 32 , mother-in-law at 34 ...... what's next alzheimers ? JK , I'm very excited ! 
What do you do when you haven't had enough sleep , you've had a great day with the family and been avoiding homework ???? Facebook of course !! Insomniacs unite ! 
Too tired to really do anything but too awake to go to sleep . How is this possible ? 
Body hurts ! Is staying in shape really so healthy ? 
I'm finally done with classes , just waiting for my last grade to post to see whether I'm truly done with this master's degree program ...... 
My degree should arrive in the mail in the next four weeks !!!!!! I get to have a life again ! 
I accidently deleted my book suggestions trying to get rid of game posts . Anyone feel like sharing again what is good to read ? 
The baseball moms were complaining about parent who enroll their kids in too many activities . I couldn't say anything , < PROPFIRST > is in karate , baseball and cub scouts . I guess I'm one of those moms ! 
My three year old is whiny and hasn't been sleeping well for days . Any suggestions out there ? No fevers , earaches , nothing out of the ordinary that I can see .... 
You know you live in a sassy household when even the cat talks back ! 
Restless is not the word ... I need some new life goals post grad school !!!! 
hoping my brother's back surgery goes well on Thursday ! 
Spoke to my brother last night and his surgery went better than expected !!!! 
ready to have a freezing cold adventure with the cub scouts today with < PROPFIRST > . Yeah ! 
Can't believe that I got a picture of all of our kids in the same room . That totally made my Christmas ! 
Glad I didn't make exercising my New Year's resolution .... the kettle < PROPFEMALE > might just kick my butt !!! Next year I'm asking for a fluffy < PROPFEMALE > for Christmas instead of exercising equipment lol 
So for all of you who haven't heard our mom passed away today apparently in her sleep . We are working on arrangements and will let everyone know as soon as we can . Hate to say it but Facebook seems one of the fastest ways to get the word out beyond giving everyone ( that we can ) a personal phone call . 
Thank you to everyone for the love and support while we have had to say goodbye to our mom . We would not have been able to make it through it without each and every one of you . 
How is it that Nascar racing wins over spending time together as a family ? Maybe I should have married a non-Southern man ? 
Programming new phone ... felt weird not to put mom's number in . Hard to get used to not having my mom . 
