WOO HOO !!!!!!!!!!! I'm sooooooo glad I found the chick-fil-a bowl on TV . Go Hokies Go ! Haven't been able to watch a game since I moved from VA . Tech won !!!! 37-14 . WOOO HOOOOOOO !!!!!!! 

HAPPY NEW YEARS to my Fam and Friends back east ! 2 1/2 hrs before it's our time to ring in the new year ! I hope everyone's having a FABU evening ! =D 
Watching the Tournament of < PROPFEMALE > s parade and gearing up for the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl . GO DUCKS !!!!! 
I'm not gonna be bummed ... 
Going to go watch Avatar w/ my bro ! :D 
wow ... I've been obsessed w/ facebook this past week . but , it's a great way to keep in contact and share info w/ fam n ' friends . I get sucked into this damn site ! 
This early morning shit is kickin my ASS !!! No one should be up before the sun rises . 
2 jobs ? Must be crazy , but gotta make the money , hunny ! 
Beyond dead ... zombie-like , even . 
MY BROTHER WILL BE HERE SOOOOON !!!!!!!!!!!! TOTALLY STOKED !!!!!!! 
Super tired but can't wait to show my big bro ' round town . :) 
FOOD GLORIOUS FOOOOOOD !!!!! foodfest is here today ! I'm stuffed ... need a nap ! 
YAY !!!! I don't have to work tomorrow !!! YAY !!! Get to spend mo ' time w/ teh bro ! 
do be do be do be do be do be do be do be do ... yeah that bored ... 
1st break@ work , I'm still in Zombie mode .... 
Slowly but surely becoming one of the living .... 
God , I'm turing into an old WOMAN ! I fell asleep before 9pm . But it felt sooo good to get 7hrs of sleep ! 
Finished cutting my neighbors hair . Her hubby surprised her ! SO CUTE !!!! Glad that it made her day ! :) 
Time for < PROPFIRST>'s b-day ge t-t o-gether ... 
Breakin ' my heart , breakin ' my heart !!! 
There's no excuse not to be WIDE awake right now , I'm halfway done w/ my shift ! 
TAKE ME TO THE RIVER !!!... not referencing the upbeat , yet depressing song ! NO ! I'm ecstatic about floating on a raft down the river !!!! 
is no longer pasty ... lol 
luvin this heat ... 
Another day , another dollar . 9am is my lunch break ... er breakfast break . 
I like the heat ... but damn this is ridiculous !!! 
We're supposedly getting a break in the heat ... it's only a few degrees , but I'll take what I can get ! 
Work , Work , Work ... and in my sparetime ... I want to be as lazy as humanly possible . NARF ! lol 
Payday , payday , payyyy dayyy !!!!! Nice to have just a lil left over after the bills ! :D 
halfway through my work day ... thank god !!!! I'm sleepy . 
Good morning < PROPFEMALE > !!! god , it's too early ... 
Heading to hillsboro after work , to see the family ! :) 
is cheesin ... 
I'm off to do the laundry !!!!... yeah my life is soooo exciting ! lol 
It's gonna be SUPER-DE-DUPER hot today ! Can't wait till I'm done w/ work so I can go soak up some rays by the pool . 
Only a few hours w/o a working phone and I'm uh ... trying not to go crazy ! Sadly , attached to my tech . 
Day 2 ... getting weaker , the loss of contact , the inability to text . How will I survive ? lol 
Day 3 ... I can hear my ringtones playing incessantly , my \texting\ " thumbs have lost thier strength . DEAR GOD !!!! HELP US ALL !!!!?!?!?!?!?!! * maybe I have a flair for being a lil dramatic * lol " 
Time for a Magic < PROPFIRST > or new phone ... must ... have ... contact ... 
Can't wait for the fireworks show tonight ! Opening night of the airshow in hillsboro ! I'll be there , got plenty of sleep last night . Won't need my usual \granny bedtime \"" 
JUST KIDDING !!!!! I have a cell phone again ! I have a cell phone again ! * does a happy dance * 
Getting sucked into youtube videos ... 
I hate when you have those days when every ... single ... thing ... seems to piss you off even more . ARGH . Thank goodness for the sunrise n ' sunset . Friendly lil reminder that there's a new day on the horizon ... 
I'm not ready for the warm summer weather to go away ... 
Happy hump day ! Even w/ my messed up work schedule , still feels like the middle of the week ... 
hmm ... fez , the dirty ? I just wanna get my groove thang on ! lol 
I'm home , I'm exhausted ... danced my azz off @ the Fez . Had a blast w/ meh girl paule . Fun times , fun times . 
is sleepy ... can I just pass out right now ? 
Saturday market ... never been , excited to go ! :) 
Finally took my placement test for comm college !!! Knew I'd be in basic math but totally aced the reading and writing !!! :) I'm excited for the next chapter in my life . 
BILLS !!!!! Why have you caused me so much grief and poverty ! 
It seems as though I'm hiding ... can you find me ? WHERE'S < PROPMALE > !!!??? 
Tag Team back again check it topWreck it - let's beginParty people let me hear some noise ... whoomp there it is . lol 
So many things to get done ... half the time you waste , figuring out what needs to be tackled first . hmmm .. 
Sleeping the day away , migrane's n ' other annoying things .... SUCK ! Bad enough , I had to call out of work . :( 
The rainy season appears to have begun ... time to buy an umbrella . How very un-portlanderish of moi ! 
YAY ! YAY ! I got the car towed back from the starbucks parking lot to my apartment !!! Friend had free towing . No longer have to worry about it ended up in an impound . Thank goodness . Phew ...... now I can breathe . All that's left to do , is figure out what the HELL is wrong w/ the damn thing . 
I don't think I had enough < PROPFEMALE > make-up on last night . Took 3 washes to get that crap off my face . 
I'm out like a lightbulb . YAY !!!!! granny time . 
Can't wait for dinner to be done !!! Trying out a recipe for curry . Shoud be SUPER yummy ! On another note ... I've been super productive today . Lotsa errands n ' now I'm super tired . 
Instead it is the membrane's effector proteins , operating in response to environmental signals picked up by the membrane's receptors , which control the \reading\ " of genes so that worn-out proteins can be replaced or new proteins can be created . " 
Has the mondays ... I know the best thing to correct that !!! Eating , cleaning , and actually getting a full nights sleep . I SO SMART ! lol 
Feeling accomplished !!!!! Slowly but surely chipping away @ the list of tasks @ hand . 
Naps = zonking out for most of the evening ! @ least I woke up before 10pm !!! That's a start ! lol ... I did it , I did it , I did it yay ! * sometimes I sound like sucha tardo * 
I'm home safe , buzzin , and not completely drenched ... always a good thing . Time to go to bed n ' wake up early for my 1st physical therapy appt'ment for my bionic leg . I'm excited for feeling better . 
Didn't get to see it on opening night ... but yeah I'm going to go see BAMPIRES !!! 
Time to change things up a bit . I typically go darker w/ my hair color in the winter . It's about damn time ... on my way to store . :D can't wait for teh sassiness !!!! 
... So I uh did the unthinkable . A blasphemy if you're a stylist . I wanted my hair color changed soooo badly . I bought a box dye ! Since you don't know exactly what level , saturation of tone or < PROPFEMALE > comprises the formula ... it makes it more of a \surprize\ " this is what ya got !!! more auburn than red ... but still pretty " 
Mto'd again ... \mandatory time off\ " . it's messin up my paycheck . $'s gonna be really tight for awhile . but everything always seems to sort itself out . " 
Mto'd again , here's to praying I have enough money for rent and other bills , doctors and food . 
I swear , I'm gonna steal my bro's phone . It's got all teh nice stuff and he never uses it . Like today , I come home 2 1/2 hrs before he's supposed to be @ work . Dunno where he is and dunno how to get in touch ... ever ..... hmmmmm * evil plot * j/k 
YAY !!!! I can't wait for tomorrow and all the festivities !!! Gonna make pecan pie and my < PROPFEMALE>'s green bean casserole !!!!! OH and my brother also got Thanksgiving off !!!!!!!! I'm excited for food and family ! 
Sadness ... the shift trade my brother < PROPMALE > got off for thanksgiving , fell through :( VTO , VTO , VTO , VTO !!!!!! I'm hoping/praying/wishing . I want him to be w/ family on his 1st holiday out on this coast . 
Happy Left-Over DAY !!!!!!! 
Happy Clean-Like-A-Fiend DAY !!!!!! * or you so lazy you need a faux holiday as a reason to clean day * 
Part Deux 
I'm making a PIE ! Have leftover ingredients from my mom's pecan pie recipe . I want more goodness ... 
Dude I'm psychic . I didn't know it was national PIE day ! lol 
I'm sooo glad I've been able to do a little Christmas Shopping this year . Sadly I'm not < PROPMALE > or anything but @ least the kids will have a lil something ! =) 
THANK GOD !!!! Now that my neighbors Finally turned down the bass , I can maybe get some sleep before I have to work . 
OH MY !!!!! It's flippin cold out there ! Can I go crawl back in bed now ? That would be awesome ... work phsh ... whatevs 
I'm sooooo HAPPY !!!! I'm soooooo HAPPY !!!! Just got my acceptance letter for school ! Just @ a community college but it's a start ! * does a lil jig * 
w00h00 that was fun . freezing rain , was like ice skating down the hill to work . Glad it's melted now though . 
Countdown to my mid-twenties ... oh yeah , I'm excited ! I can rent a car !!!! Insurance goes down !!!! lol 
Oh my goodness ! THANK YOU EVERONE for wishing me a happy birthday . I had a perfectly chill day and alot of fun !!! I truly appreciate the thoughts and comments ! I feel soooo loved ! 
Excited I'm getting important doc stuff taken care of ... anxious about the dentist tomorrow morning and anticipating my leg surgery on tues to take the screws outta my leg . Will be relieved when everything is done and over with . 
Not sure how I'm going to complete shopping on crutches ... but dear god , I'm sure gonna try !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!!!!! * < PROPFEMALE > * Yes , brother ... for another half hour . 
I guess I was on the naughty list ... but since when did < PROPFEMALE > use biological warfare instead of coal ... I got a cold for Christmas . Just glad that I wasn't sick on the day our fam got together on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . 
Left work early , even though I can't afford it ... spending the day in bed w/ a fever , chills , and a bunch of other symptoms . My mom thinks it's the H1N1 virus . Getting tested tomorrow ... I HATE BEING SICK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( 
SNOW !!! Only took like about 2 1/2 hours to get back in traffic from portland ! I hope everyone gets home safe n sound ! 
HAPPY NEWS YEARS < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! be safe , have fun .... 2010 is going to be the BEST YEAR < PROPFEMALE > R !!!! 
Happy New Year !!!!!!!!!! 
No expectations = No diappointments 
Ok , I know I can get everything done . It's just overwhelming in the time being . I just hate dealing w/ money issues ... they stress me the \f\ " out !!! I just keep reminding myself ... it's only momentary stress . " 
SCHOOL !!!!! 1st class tonight . Math ... but basic math . Piece of cake ! 
YAY !!!!! I have internet again ! That was annoying . Seeing all the responses and not being able to say anything back . I've been busy this week w/ full time school and full time work . But I'm doing to assignments as they're given to me . I'm won't fall behind if I stay on task . The biggest challenge for me ... is asking for help when needed . I'm one stubborn individual . 
Work ... school ... work ... school . Where's my social life ? OH YEAH !!!! It doesn't exist anymore . Totally worth the sacrifice in the meantime . I still luv all my peoples ! I promise ... you're not forgotten . 
In writing class I get to practically do a show n ' tell . Find something whether it's artwork , media , news , a song , musical score , poem , story ... just whatever confuses me . Critical thinking @ least leaves the mind open to possibilities ... only prob ? That leaves me w/ too many avenues of choices w/ little time to narrow it down . 
So I show up to my class ... show n ' tell about modern < PROPMALE > in tail ... and my teacher doesn't show up . Now this is a critical thinking class ... so this is either a BRILLIANT stunt to make the students have forced discussions/arguements and wondering what if ... or something's wrong . I'm hoping the 1st choice . 
Can't wait till I get the swing of life ... 
sleepy w/ a < PROPMALE > of snoring .. 
It has been decided ! Writing my 1st story for class . Instructions were to write about anything . SO ... I'm writing about the anticipation of a dance recital , the preparation , nerves , and excitement . Don't know the title yet , will try to keep some of the french terms to a minimum ... if I go overboard ... I'll include a nice lil glossary ;) 
VTO today ! now ... doc @ 3:30 , study and homework till my 7pm class . Long day ... but feels good to be productive . 
Just like the everybody I know ... who doesn't love getting a paycheck . But seriously ... I can't wait till I no longer have to work @ a call center . Almost 2 years ... too long . 
Phys therapy to start the day right ( didn't get up to do my laundry ... eh-hem ) , then seeing my LOVERLY fams , then homework , then school . Life seems sooo carefully orchestrated ... keeping the timing to a \t \"." 
Happy , happy ... joy , joy ... happy , happy ... joy , joy . :D 
Sleepy ... school @ 9am tomorrow . I still have 3 or 4 hours of studying/homework . 
Mid-term ... life's still crazy but good . I'm a lil behind but w/ hard work , I know I can get myself back on top of things . 
Fluid in the kneecap ? This is a new one for me ... gross . It needs to be drained . EWWWW ! But then mucho betta ! :D 
Breakfast/lunch of champions . 4 eggs scrambled and cheese pizza !!!! Brain food I tell ya ! :D 
Time seemingly lapses ... before you have the chance ... to notice it going by ... 
Aced my math final ... working on setting up my schedule for next semester . I'm really happy w/ where my life is heading . Security ... peacefulness ... love ... I'm soooo freaking LUCKY !!!! 
Time to sort out all the little things in life that have been pestering me . This way I can work on building the life I want to live and lead . Knock it down and BREATHE ! 
I have the BEST B/F a girl could ever ask for . I have the BEST friends that I could ever need ! I have the BEST family that is understanding and compassionate . Life is AWESOME ! 
I'm excited to go to the Opera w/ my Bestie Noelle-o . Always a blast w/ my big sis ! I love when we get to play dress-up . Still trying to find an excuse to wear my red organza cocktail dress ! Today will prob just be a knee length skirt w/ a cute top since it's semi-casual . 
Getting everything set up for my apt . Got the bed set up ... still gotta get everything outta boxes ... can't wait till I'm done unpacking . Moving furniture isn't that fun but it's necessary !!! 
Happy Chocolate < PROPFEMALE > Day !!! Make sure you get your fill of \peeps \"." 
I wish my cat Mothra would stop playing gargoyle of the apt's . He's been on the roof for hours now !!! ARGH ! 
I don't know why every year here in Portland , I eagerly await the summer . It takes forever to get here . My toes are still freezing and I'm layered up to death !!! 
I need to be working on getting my apt set up and doin the dreaded laundry ... but I really want to be lazy and take a nap . Maybe a cat nap ? SURE ... boosts of energy right ? lol 
DoBeDoBeDoBeDoBeDoBeDo ... more n ' more laundry to do ! Trying to down-size my wardrobe and shoe collection . Sucha daunting task !!! 
Chill-axin tonight w/ my baby ! He's studying for work and I'm doin my best to be lazy after cleaning for most of the day . Tomorrow ... hanging up pics and back to more unpacking , lol . 
Seems like it takes longer to unpack than it took to put the crap in boxes in the first place . hmmm 
COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE !!!!! Waiting for the caffeine to take affect . Light sleeping n ' woke up early ... I'm gonna need a full pot of goodness , I swear ! lol 
Hi my name is < PROPFEMALE > and I'm a coffee addict ! Vanilla Chai creamer ... need I say more ! YUM YUM in my TUM TUM ! 
Finally seeing the means to a peaceful ending ... or should I say beginning ! :D Getting all of my stuff taken care of so I can concentrate solely on school and getting back into doin hair . I love when life takes a turn for the better and you feel like you've got a clear view of what needs to be done and what your life is going to look like ! 
Oh what a beautiful MORNING !!!!!! Oh what a beautiful DAY !!!!!!! 
The best kind of kidnapping !!! Been w/ my man all weekend . He's helping me quit smoking . Strong man to deal w/ my fits as I'm getting rid of the damn nicotine outta my system . 
Feeling like a teenager again ! Having to take my written and driving test today @ the DMV here in OR . Then I'll get to drive \ Ms. J-lop\ " that my b/f got and fixed up for me . Won't have to worry about a car breaking down again !!!!! She's a safety girl w/ personality . My fave car thus far ! " 
I got to drive Ms. J-lop today after passing my test . She's made for me !!! Still becoming one w/ the vehicle . Soon I'll know how she handles like the back of my hand ! :D Learned a few things about Oregon Driving laws . It's legal to make a left turn from a two-way street to a one-way street on a RED light . In VA it's called running a light . Can't wait to do it the first time ... I'll feel like I'm breaking the law . lol . 
Wanting to make today another productive day . Got ALOT of things accomplished yesterday ! MAKES YA FEEL GOOD GETTING THINGS DONE ! I'm wanting a repeat situation . Time to get bookin ' . 
isn't a fan of the D.M.V. 
Errands ... coffee ... cleaning ... turning in resume's . \ 
At least while I'm out n ' about , I'm able to enjoy this GLORIOUS WEATHER !!!! 
Another beautiful day ?... am I dreaming ? Summer , please get here soon ! 
I smell banana-nut muffins . They're baking in my oven ... yum , yum !!! 
Laundry , errands , and home-made brownies w/ chopped walnuts ! 
... why is it when I update facebook from my phone it doesn't work @ all sometimes or not until hours later . hmmmm 
is heading out to portland for snuggle-time w/ her sweetheart ! :D 
Today's the day I get to make sure my financial < PROPFEMALE > is taken care of . Not looking forward to waiting an hour or so ... will make sure to bring some of my yummy brownies to snack on while waiting . lol 
the anticipation is killing me ... guess it's a good thing . Just means I'm super excited to get things going ! 
Still trying to downsize my closet !!! Dear god I have alot of stuff . Problem is ... I wear ALL of it ! Lol ! 
Was only able to get my cardio done this morning . Need to do some toning ... back to zeh torture chamber , lol ... naww , I love working out ! :D 
Future trippin a bit ... trying to figure out where I want to go w/ my life in the next few years and curious what experiences it'll bring me . I have some things figured out and lucky to have a partner who's patient w/ my indecision . \ 
But I have alot of options for schooling ... just need to buckle down w/ a concrete plan and stick to it . 
ahhh muscles sore ! need to stretch more ... maybe ? or maybe just a good workout ? 
making < PROPMALE > from scratch tonight ... haven't made it in years . drooling just thinking about it . yum yum 
Coffee !!! Oh how you give me energy to get on w/ my day !!! \ 
Dosing up and then a million errands ... playing catch-up . Today's gonna feel great ... once I'm done w/ it . lol 
I gets to see my cuz'n and lil miss baby gwennie today ! YAY ! 
Finally things are falling into place ... everything always seems to work out !!!! Trust n ' believe !!! Working through the temp stress seems to be half the battle ... which I shall conquer !!!! muahahahahahhaha TRIUMPH ! 
Gonna be setting up the UBER big bed in my room today . Along w/ the usual errands ... it's gonna be a good day . \ 
Hell ... it's always a good day when you get money in the mail ! lol . 
A lil drum n ' bass and magically I get cleaning done faster ... hmmm ... miracle ? 
SADNESS !!!!! I open up my laptop and it has a some weird crack on the monitor screen ! Dunno how it happened ... always keep it closed . \ 
Hopin it's covered on the warranty . 
I need to learn more about basic computer programs . It would really help w/ this whole job thing ...... 
mmmmm ... bagels ! 
I know it's a lil late for dinner . Don't want to cook anything right now ... would take too long . So I'm enjoying myself a sammich ! lol :D 
Can't wait for MONDAY !!!!! 2nd interview @ hair school for receptionist position . Would be the PERFECT job right now . I'd be able to take classes again w/ different companies and get back into the swing of things . \ 
And a week from monday ... school starts !!! Can't wait to be uber busy again !!! 
YAY !!!!!!!!!!!! I got a letter from the I.R.S. saying I don't owe them money . Guess I did my taxes wrong ! HUGE RELIEF ! w00t w00t . * does a lil dance * lol 
OHHHHH can't wait for girl night to get started ! Bestie roomie is finishin up her homework and then mani's , pedi's and Boondock Saints 2 ! Not quite a chick flick ... but we both want to see it really bad . I know ... behind the times !!! Redbox here I come ! :D 
Hmmm ... what to do w/ my day . It's sooooooo < PROPFEMALE > outside , I actually want to do something to enjoy the weather ! Park , pool , or downtown ... so long as I'm soaking up this Vitamin D , I'll be a happy girl ! :D 
Pool first ( ms. < PROPFEMALE > could use a lil sun ) ... then get the animals some poison ( preventative ... don't want fleas ) , then park to do some reading and reflecting , next downtown , and final stop heading to my b/f's for snuggle time !!! \ 
In between ... will prob be doin to usual resume dropoff/applications . 
Today has arrived and I'm soooo freakin excited !!! Interview @ 5:20 ( I know late huh ? ) and also heading to < PROPMALE > Center beforehand for another possible interview . \ 
Now for the important part ... what to wear , what to wear . I'm hoping they don't see my 1/4 inch blonde roots . Maybe I'll just poof my hair up a bit , lol . 
I'll know by tomorrow or wednesday if I got the job !!! I was excited but nervous !!! \ 
Fingers are crossed ! 
Have you even gotten so tired but yet you can't sleep ? 
hmmmm 
Sun keeps peaking in and out ... still nice enough for a walk . Better do so before the \Portland\ " rain gets here . Need to spend some time outside getting fresh air and clearing my mind . " 
I got the job ! I got the JOB ! I GOT THE JOB ! I pretty much spent 5 minutes dancing like a GOOFBALL in celebration !!!!!!!!!!! I got the JOB ! I got the JOB !!!! 
Oh and the park next to my apartment complex was AWESOME ! They had a lil workout area w/ parallel bars . I LOVED playing on those when I was a kid . So I was swinging around like I was a gymnast . I still got it !!! lol 
Nature walk , got a job , goofy dance , celebration sushi , meandering around downtown , went to washington park and saw purdy flowers , got to buy a camera w/ a gift card from best buy ... today was a good day ! Thanx Illi for sharing this time w/ me and for all the support from my friends and family ! 
Rain or not ... I'm going back the the \adult\ " jungle gym !!! Time to monkey around for a bit . Wanna get my gymnastic groove thing on ... gotta make sure to stretch so I don't get a < PROPFIRST > horse !!! " 
I have the BEST family and friends EVER !!! So soooo soooooooo thankful ! 
I'm going to utilize the rest of my \vacation\ " and my camera ... by going photo crazy ! Life is left up to your interpretation ! It can be beautiful if you know what to look for ... want to find random things that inspire all that is \ " katie \"." 
I love how nature gives you clarity and peace ! 
Hillsboro ... hear I come !!! Think I'll take the long way and enjoy the scenery . :) 
tomorrow ... not sure ( but always find something to do ) , saturday ... nephew's b-day party in salem , sunday ... want to go to multnomah falls !!! ( celebration for Illi's 4.00 grade average and I want to use my new camera ) , and MONDAY ... first day of work !!! 
Sometimes ... nothing makes you feel hotter than shopping in your boy's sweats . lol 
Sucha glorious day outside !!! Multnomah falls here we come !!! First time going since I've moved here ... I know ... I'm a lil slow . LOL ! 
I'm tired ... good 2 1/2 mile hike . Camera died half-way up but I still got some good pics !!! I'm going again ... soon ! \ 
Now getting my stuff together for my 1st day of work tomorrow ! Let the training begin ! They're gonna see how awesome I am pretty quickly ! Lol ... gonna bust my butt and stay attentive . I want ALL the hours that they can give me . You work hard and they'll want to reward you ! 
It's going to be easy to pick up the info @ work ... once I get behind the desk it's gonna be insane !!! Can't wait for the chaos to begin . Will make the days fly by ... next up ... adding school into the mix ! :D 
Thinking about taking a cooking or nutritional class this summer . \ 
Why does cooking from scratch have to cost sooo much money ? No wonder people live off of boxed meals . 
School starts tomorrow !!!!!!!! w00 h00 !!! 
I'm awake but don't wanna be . Ok ... ok ... so long as I have a ton of coffee , I'll somehow survive . lol 
Headed out the door and ready for whatever comes my way ! Training , school , and more work . :D 
Early for class ... just waiting for the learning to begin . Oh ... I'm ready !!! :) 
I'm sleepy already but still want to get some of this homework done . Would caffeine really keep me up that much longer ? 
Trying to figure out this whole online course thing ... reading my math homework and then heading off to work till 8pm . Thankful I'm able to enjoy this lovely weather outside while sitting @ the starbucks near work . :) 
My brain is being consumed by math ... just taking a short break then back to hitting the books . 
SOOOO excited for the family BBQ today ! Always great to see the fam and eat lotsa yummy stuff ! \ 
Stoked the weather turned out perfect for this glorious day ! :D 
Getting burnt out already ... sleep is a must ! 
Trying to sleep ... yet my mind is fully awake n wanting to run a marathon . Don't need a second wave of energy !!! Just some sleep would be nice . 7am is gonna roll around too soon ! Maybe a glass of milk would help ? 
It's a typical day in the neighborhood . Lol . Work ... homework ( this math online thing is hard . But I'll trudge on through ) ... then more homework . Lol :D 
Golly ! Summer classes are definitely condensed and jam-packed w/ homework . Every night a few hours worth @ least . 
Breathing is good ! Comes in handy from time to time . :) 
Time passes too slowly when you're waiting ... 
As much as I want to stay stuck on the computer all day ... it's time for more hours of homework . Want to be able to enjoy tomorrow ... whatever I end up doin ! 
I won't hate math ! I won't hate math ! I will love #'s! I will love #'s! * trying to trick my brain so that it gets easier instead of harder * 
Spending my day @ the library . Homework , project , and later heading to the tutoring center . Admitting I need a lil help in math . Don't want to get behind when it's not even halfway through the term . 
Kinda miss having a life ... but I'm sure the sacrifice will be worth it down the road . Hope everyone I love can < PROPFEMALE > in there for a bit . You're not forgotten !!! 
I love brain food !!! Taking a lunch break but still reading . 
Exam time !!! Studying @ the library @ P.C.C. Rock Creek location . Beautiful campus ! 
Working on my on one final project and hoping to fit some extra credit in . Got my schedule planned out for the fall too !!! Work ... school ... work ... school . Pretty soon I'll need to start mixing some social activities in there . SERIOUSLY !!! But it's all for the sacrifice of learning . :D 
Migraines are the bane of my productive homework existence . Really ? 3 in the last 4 days ? 
Don't have school or work this morning ... so instead I'm working on homework . Finally some time to get a head start on things . 
Counting down the days till my brain gets a break from school . I want to visit everyone and catch up w/ those that might think they're forgotten . I LOVE YOU ALL !!!!!!!!! 
Tonight's my last night of school for the summer !!!!!!! WOO HOO ! \ 
Currently studying for my exam . I will remember all these formulas ! Math rocks ... narf ! 
Excited to see the Family tonight !!! :D 
First day back @ school ! So far ... so good ! Wasn't expecting 13 credits but I'm sure I can manage . 
On break from math . My brain is hurting !!! Did I really forget so much ? 
I'm slap happy in my sleep . 
Cleaning the junk outta my life ... one trashbag @ a time . 
All my beauty friends rejoice !!!!! I'm no longer < PROPFIRST>'s white trash g/f !!! My hairs been did ! Lol ! About time I tell ya ... been walking around w/ these blonde roots for TOO long ! 
Gearing up for work ... only for a few hours then back the book grind . This term 13 credits . Math , computer class , cultural anthropology ( on Nordic shamanism ) , and a study skills class ( for math ) . 
Out the door for my day ahead ... really wishing I was still in bed . \ 
Umm ... wasn't meaning to rhyme . But I do it all the time . Lol\ 
No more rhyming ... I mean it !!! Anybody wanna peanut ? 
THANK YOU SWEETHEART !!!!!!!! No more \blood screen\ " !!! < PROPFIRST > fixed my computer !!! :D " 
I find comfort in the silence . Heading to the library to get some homework done . 
Seems like these days ... all I have to talk about is food and homework . 
Need to focus ... 
4am will be here before too long ... sigh 
Coffee and an everything bagel w/ cream cheese . Yum !!!!! 
Gettin my booknerd on ! Lol 
K ... sleep for now . 6:30 or 7am wake up to finish . Uhhh I'm saying 7am ... every wink of sleep counts ! Fo-shizzle . Lol 
Quiet night w/ my animals , my book , and now to bed . Another early rise for this sleepy head . :) 
Migraine ... day 2 . Reluctantly getting ready for work . Took 2 excedrin and hoping it fades . Just want to lay in bed w/ covers over my head and sleep it off ! 
Getting in comfy clothes , then heading to school for a bit to finish some homework . Only have a math paper to rewrite , a chapter to catch up on , and finish assignments for computer class . Easy as PIE ! :D 
Really looking forward to thai chicken pizzas tonight ! YUM YUM ! :D 
I love mi madre ! 
Hate when you're by yourself and the house starts feeling uneasy . Although , technically not alone , I have the animals . 
NO MORE MATH !!! I just wanna sleep right now ... and smoke a clove . But that's right !!! I quit ... argh . @ least I'm staying on task , w/ only a few interruptions . 
On break from class ... downloaded ducks schedule . Don't ask a beaver fan what's going on or you'll be led astray !!! \ 
I see how it is ... trick me into watching a beaver game and maybe , just maybe I'll consider going to the dark side ! NEVAAH ! Lol ! 
Getting geared up for my homework . Seems like the hard work and sacrifice of social time is paying off !!! \ 
Math teacher told me that w/ just a lil more tweaking on my paper ... I've got it !!! Awesome !!! Actually excited for my grade ! :D 
Can't wear purple to work ... all black uniform . So ... purple eyeshadow and polish it is ! :D 
Not being very productive w/ my homework ... so maybe it's best for me to call it a night and wake up hella early . That way I'm guaranteed @ least a few hours of sleep . \ 
\ 
So it's decided ... wake up , study , school in portland , appt in beaverton , drive back to portland for work , then drive back to beaverton to stay the night , study some more , sleep , then class in beaverton the next morn . Alrighty then ! G'night!!! :D 
I really wanna nap ... instead , gonna do the work thing for a bit . Thinkin an early bedtime is in order . 
Date night is the BEST night ! 
Finding myself eager for Halloween to arrive !!! Fave day of the year ... better than b-days ! 
Tummy not feelin so yummy . :( 
Potato chip chicken ... who woulda thunk ?... Betty Crocker , that's who ! 
Gaaaah !!! Late bedtime ... early rise . \ 
Excited to dress up for work tomorrow ! Let the festivities begin !!!!!! 
Reading ... oh reading , reading , reading , reading . :D 
I need coffee !!! 
3rd day migraine ... had to leave work early from getting sick . :( 6 hours and many pain killers later ... feeling mucho betta !!! YAY ! 
Happy Halloween !!!!!! 
Migraines ruin all productiveness . Today ? No trace whatsoever !!! \ 
Meaning ... time to get some stuff done !!! 
Blanked on math but rocked my computer test ! Should still get a good average regardless . 
Gettin to the passout time of the night . Good day ! Didn't have school ... lunch w/ my love ... got a relaxing facial at my work ( after work ) ... and made some SUPER yummy soup for dinner ! \ 
Back to the grind tomorrow n ' then some . Night all !!!! 
Wings tonight ! High-five ! 
Hates sleepless nights w/ early rises ! Start time 4am ... day will end after 10pm . \ 
Needless to say I'll have an endless supply of coffee on hand . 
2nd day to sign up for classes next term and psychology already has a waitlist of 10 peoples . Gonna have to rethink my schedule . 
Only see flurries ... waiting for this so-called snow . 
W/in a matter of minutes ... I stand corrected ! As soon as it starts snowing the ground is immediately covered in white !!!! 
Don't mind the snow ... it's the ice that scares me ! Eeks ! 
I'm awake ! I'm awake ! Still in zombie mode ... but I'm already a couple cups of coffee down and scarfed a delicious bagel . 
Note to self ... keep pants one size larger around for the holidays and layering . \ 
Needless struggle this morn w/ leggings and jeans . Lol . 
Oh how I miss the sun !!! This foggy/ dreary/ drizzly weather is definitely draining . Time to drag myself to work . \ 
Using my \d's\ " I see . Lol " 
It's here ! The sun ! Enjoy it while ya can ! 
Final tomorrow ... Thursday ... and Friday . Ready for the weekend already . 
One down . Two to go . 
Time for the visits to begin ! :) 
Really ? I'm this tired ? Trudging on for a couple more hours then crashing . Early rise for more cleaning . 
Should get back to cleaning and not let distractions bother me . \ 
Distractable me ... lol . 
You never realize how much stuff you have until you start moving ... 
Can't wait for tomorrow !!! Gonna take a day off ... well other than unpacking and reading a bit . Oh yeah and getting my nails did . \ 
Busy weekend ahead too ! Brother n ' fam on sat and Christmas party for work on Sunday . 
Awwww shucks everyone !!!! Thanx for the B-bay wishes ! :) \ 
Now the true indecisiveness ... what do I want to do for my b-day ? I should know right ? Lol 
Seriously guys ... these Birthday wishes mean the world to me !!! 
Best birthday ever ! 
So good to see the family in Salem ! Next up my Hillsboro peeps !!! 
Cleaning ... getting my hair cut ... and tonight I'm getting all dolled up for my work's Christmas party ! 
I can actually say ... it's a lil toasty is this house ! 
I understand the idea of giving ... but why does it HAVE to be about things ? 
My father once told me ... I will accept no man as your boyfriend unless he was raised on < PROPMALE > Python . \ 
Maybe he'll accept a late initiation ? 
Knowledge is power ! :) 
I don't do mornings ... as < PROPMALE > would say . In my words ... I don't do days ! \ 
But I guess ya don't really have a choice in the matter . Anyone else a preferential night owl ? 
Put my clothes in the dryer ... to have some warmth before headin into the cold . Awesome idea !!! :) 
Excited to see the family !!! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! I hope your day was filled with cheer !!! 
Thankful I have some free time this week . Gives me time to get life caught up and organized before the semester begins on the 3rd . 
It's a small world after all ... 
Getting an early start on things I'm learning next semester . Better ahead than behind !!! 
No fuss dinner ? Thai chicken pizzas !!! 
Coffee ...? I love you ! 
Time to get this show on the road ! :D 
Got my books today for next semester !!! Already getting a gander for what's ahead . Me = nerd :) 
Excited to ring in the new year ! Hope everyone has a safe , happy , and fun holiday !!! 
First day back @ school and I'm so excited !!! M/W/F pilates , tu/thu < PROPMALE > , publisher , psych , mix in a math lab for 3 hrs , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > on sat . \ 
Sm < PROPMALE > and buff ?!?! Oh heck yeah !!! Lol . 
My < PROPMALE > teacher mentioned she was from DC . So after class , I just had to ask , \are you from DC or the outskirts ? \ " \ 
Dinner was all mine !!! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! 
I love that in my computer class ... I'm allowed to listen to Pandora on my I-touch . Wifi and school is AWESOME !!! 
Brought lots of food today w/ me to school ... and I've already eaten it all . Does anyone else get super hungry when learning ? \ 
Is this what they mean by brain food ? 
It's a good time ! Another thing to love ... scheduled workouts 4 times a week . Anything extra is a bonus ! 3 days of 1 hour Pilates classes and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 1 day for almost 3 hrs . \ 
Better rest up for the day ahead ... night ! :) 
Chillin w/ my homies ... I mean my kiddos ... I mean the puppers n ' the kittikins . Oh Mothra and < PROPFEMALE > , you guys are great company !!! Lol . 
Just sittin ... waitin . Oh wait ! It's my bedtime . Yes a friday ... and I'll be crashin out ' fore too long . 
Goooo Ducks !!! 
Wish I was watching the game !!! But ... A . I have a paper due @ 9am and B . No cable . \ 
I'm gonna need a play-by-play run through of all the highlights ! 
Trying my best to concentrate . Alot of work to do w/ so little time available . 
My daytime plans changed to next week . Sad thing ... first thing on my mind was WOOHOO ! More time for homework !!!!! 
My brain is about to explode !!! 
Laundry in wash ... just enough time to catch a quick cat nap . Zzzzzzzzzzzz 
We're all cognitive misers ... 
Is it rude to move seats during class because the person next to you is offensive to your senses ? 
Wishing there was such a thing as packing lightly for class . Lesson for next term . Don't take all classes on same day !!!!! A good 25lb backpack and then another 5lb bag w/ all my extra goodies ! ( gotta eat ya know ) 
Long day ahead ! Time to rest up ! :) 
Good tidbits for retaining information ??? Studying my butt off but frustratingly not sinkin in entirely . 
Can't sleep !!! My eyes don't want to shut a wink . I'm exhausted ... please body , shut down for the night ! 
I just had a scary thought ... if I had attended public high school , next year would be my 10 year reunion !!! 
Really wishing I could watch the movie we just got ... but no ... I have homework !!! 
Made some turkey tacos and cake tonight for < PROPFIRST>'s b-day . He wanted < PROPMALE > chocolate . My first attempt @ a layered cake . \ 
My first mistake ?... Not letting it cool down all the way . Lol ! But I somehow salvaged it ... somewhat ! ;) 
Do teeth cause problems ? Or do problems cause teeth ? Either way glad I'll be @ OHSU tomorrow . 
Tired !!! Long and arduous homework day . Sleppy time can't come soon enough . 
Good morning !!! Time to head out to start my long but productive day . 
Sickened by people who cruely take advantage of the kind and generous . :( 
Long day ! Heading home to see my love and pass out in bed . :D 
Another day begins @ 6am . Pilates ... you can kick my butt anytime ! 
Eeks ! Headache prob from no sleep . Can't afford this ALOT of work to get done . No worries ... some excedrin and I'll be good for the day . 
Nom Nom Nom ... chinese for dinner !!! 
Getting feedback from my teachers really helped calm my nerves about mid-terms next week ! \ 
If you ever have a concern ... ask questions and ask for clarification . :) 
Chicken artichoke pizza and a movie w/ my sweetie ! :D 
We have an emergency .... STAT !!! The boys are on a chocolate run . ;) 
Even though we don't get to talk all the time ... I'm thankful for every single person in my life ! My boyfriend , family , & friends . You all mean the world to me ! 
But I wanna sleep !!!!! Wish time would slow down so the 4 hours of sleep tonight would feel like 8 . Double the snooze in half the time ! Oh yeah !!! 
This whole quitting smoking thing makes me hungry ... or maybe it's cause I'm bored ? Either way I need to start eating healthy again . 
I am a super nerd to admit this . I'm really excited about my first EVER study group tomorrow for my mid-term in psych . \ 
Remember ... homeschooled . 
Tax returns ... I love you ! 
Oh n ' can't forget the coffee ! Yes coffee I love you too ! You will help me survive my mid-terms today . Xoxo 
Mid-terms are over and I'm feeling confident . Think I got an A on both !!! Worst case scenario ... a B but I highly doubt that . \ 
Hard work pays off ! :D 
Tomorrow is my one day of the week to sleep in . Hopin my internal clock doesn't go off . 
Work , work , wooorrrrrkkkk , work , work . Story of my life , just glad I got to see some of my family yesterday and have a little down-time today w/ my sweetie . :D 
WinCo , I won't go , but I will go , cause you're cheap though . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > day ! 
I'm surprised there are soooo many students here late @ school on valentines . \ 
Sure as heck missing my love but trying to finish this paper ... as quickly and efficiently as I can . 
Good morning !!! Time to head out the door and hit up this traffic . School is beckoning . :) 
I am soooo happy and elated ! I could do a jig , give a grin , kiss a baby , and drink some gin ... wait I don't like gin . \ 
But I LOVE my grades !!!!!! Mid-term results . \A\ " student in all my classes . " 
Big ol ' huge wet snowflakes early this morning in Portland !!! Hard to believe it'll be an early spring ... but I'm still hoping ! 
Ok ... snow ... rain ... sunshine ... then more snow . Portland is definitely experiencing tri-polar weather . Come back to sanity and make up your mind !!! This confusion of elements is seriously distracting ! 
First thought was gym . Second thought was food ... hmmm what am I hungry for ? Late dinner but I'm sure I'll figure out something yummy-licious ! 
Golly gee ! The dentist woohoo ! \ 
Does reverse psychology work ?!?!? 
I hear we're gonna have snow ?!?!?!?!? I'm hoping ... praying ... and wishing . I want to make hot cocoa w/ marshmallows , snowmen , snow angels , and have a snowball fight ! 
IHOP national pancake day ?!?!? I want free pancakes ! :) Sounds like I may be having a breakfast dinner ! 
Crashing early tonight ... this girlie is tired . 
Everyday you learn something new 
My brain is restless and my mind is endless .... 
Last official day of class ! Next week finals ! I'm ready for a small break . There are some peoples I miss !!! 
Carrots and celery may not be the best library friendly snack . Shhhhh ! 
Chili n ' cornbread . I'm a little excited about dinner ! :D 
Crazy < PROPFEMALE > rainy storm outside !!! It's howling out there ! 
I miss heels ! 
Ready for a change of pace ! Happy finals will be over tomorrow !!! 
Daylight savings time has messed up my sleep schedule . Or at least it's getting the blame . It's only 9:30 pm ( although it should feel like 8:30 ) and I'm sleepy ?!?!?!? 
3 finals today and then I'm done !!! Well ... for almost 2 weeks anyways . :D 
Is 26 the magic year your metabolism decides to stop working ? 
Days like today make me wanna tan ! I need some sun ... even if it's fake . 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! My first attempted traditional meal . Corned beef , cabbage , garlic mashed potatoes , and OF COURSE Guinness ! 
I really just want some green beer ! :D 
Getting some work outta the way so I can enjoy my spring break w/o the guilt of laziness . 
Drop top ... now bedtime . Yeah , this is my friday night . 
First part of spring break ??? Work followed by pure laziness ... felt good ! Lol . Now onto the visits !!! 
Tonight ? Chicken Parma , Drop Top , ice cream , and chick flicks . Yeah ... I'm kindof in heaven . :) 
G'night!!! Busy rest of week and weekend . Just the way I like it . No more waiting for the break to be over so I can have a routine again . 
I hate nights of no sleep when there's an early morning ahead . :( awesomeness ... not ! 
School books and various errands today . The everyday humdrum is always a fun time when my < PROPFEMALE > Ilieva is there . Sunshine !!! :D 
Because of my own procrastination ... I'm stuck in the house today . One day and I'm already getting cabin fever ? 
Yeah !!! I got to see more peoples today ! Girl time w/ my cuz < PROPFEMALE > Dirlam- Aebischer ! 
Back to the school grind ! On break from math class . :) 
My homework's done ... it's past time for bed ... why can't I sleep ?!?!? Someone please sedate me !!! 
Getting sick for a couple days really takes a chunk out of avail homework time . \ 
No worries !!! Should be a breeze to get caught up . Only the first week ... thankful it wasn't finals !!! 
