Happy New Year friends and family ! 

I don't care . I'm past caring . I care about everyone and everything , but there is nothing left for me to give a shit about < PROPFEMALE > . I'm done . Isn't that sad ? 
Excited to finally get to go exercising after about 12 weeks of interning and going to school ... I'm too old for this student-shit . 
since facebook has confirmed that my life is G rated , I'm off do something boring . 
I seem to be one of the few that didn't watch the MJ service and doesn't regret it . It's unfortunate that such a talented person lived such a screwed up life and died by some sort of drug overdose ... hmm , I think I've heard this before . 
I'm waiting for our ALARM to be installed . So NOTE to all : Don't try to break in . We are alarmed ( and it's about to go off for a test ... waiting ... waiting ... waiting ... I'm wincing in anticipation .... AGGGHHRRR . IT's LOUD ... PEIRCING >>> DOGS BARKING >>> EARS 
I'm getting ready for a long , long , long drive with my sisters , mom , and daughter ( agghhrr ! ) 
Amarillo by evening but first Albuquerque for lunch . 
We walked Memphis and tomorrow we'll make it to DAD ! 
is sitting on the couch in the cabin , escaping the crazy heat and humidity , getting ready to watch for the local alligator tonight ! 
is finding the storm really cool ! We never have weather like this at home ; Wind , thunder , lighting , and some rain ... resulting in nearly life threatening flying walnuts and pine needles ! 
OHG ! Severe weather warning ! Cool . 
is sitting on the porch , looking out at the lake , telling her daughter that she can't wear her pink leotard again because it has \worm juice\ " on it . " 
is getting ready to go to N.O. 
is a little relieved and a lot excited to be reviewing the lease on MoonHill's first ever office space ! 
is working at the new MoonHill Productions office ! ( by testing the internet access ) 
Heading to Disneyland today ... don't tell my boss ;-) 
At home doing \Candy Duty\ " ... where are all the kids ?? I NEED to get rid of the < PROPFEMALE >!" 
premeire next week ... I hate throwing parties ... nobody will show up ... at least the movie's great .... These thought will keep me awake at night for the next week . AAAGGHHRR ! 
is still recovering from the premeire ! Can't believe it went so well ! It was great to see old friends and meet new people and share this crazy project that us UCLA extension-meet in the cafeteria weekly-group put together ! 
is playing catch-up today . 
is finally happy with a pic taken of her recently and will not hide behind Em anymore ( although that was a cool pic that < PROPFEMALE > took ! ) 
Can't wait until next week when life starts back up again . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all ! I hope you year is wrapping up well and you are excited for 2010 ! 
Remembering parade adventures : Sitting on the wall at Robinson's , sitting in the stands having the people from Australia share Kangaroo Jerky with us , sleeping out on the route by PCC , marching in the damn parade , watching it on TV ( for the last 10 years or so ) , and today having a new adventure ... staying in the office overnight with Em , and hoping to find a space on the street in the morning . 
Pasadena just doesn't have random blue , pink , white and yellow lines on the roads . Rule for BLUE : Used during < PROPFEMALE > Parade . If there are hundreds of other people that seem to be behind the blue line , assume you are not special , and find somewhere else to stand . 
home sick ... what a way to start the first day after vacation . Phewwey . 
Really felt like a producer today when I pulled out three plastic envelope-folders from my bag each with a different script and associated other paperwork . 
Really Really feeling like a producer today ... budgets , lunch meeting , a bazzillion calls , including once from a reporter ! 2 days ago I was looking at a letter to the editor , today I'm looking at a peice in the business section ! Whoo Hoo !! 
Totally a really real producer : have a director for our first feature ! 
This is one of the first times in about 10 years that I'm not trying to figure out how my birthday plans will be cancelled . For years research would steal this magnificent weekend ! 
Thanks for the B-day wishes ! I'm happy today is a holiday so that I can recover from being on a vacation ! 
Wooo Whooo ! April shoot starts in less than a week ! The only think I'm not looking forward to is having to leave the house at 6am ( which was the same thing that always got to me about doing triathlons ) ... but I guess it's healthy to challenge yourself every now and then 
Zombies on the brain ;-P 
Having a hangover from the APRIL shoot ... everything hurts , including my brain , but like any good time , I will be going back for more this weekend ! Congrats to Pic for the first two days in the can ! 
OMG ! < PROPFEMALE > has a listing on IMDB ( and I didn't put it there) ! I'm so proud !!! But in a way a little scared that my baby is now on the internet .... dreading the day that she Googles herself . 
Recovering from my final April hangover :-( 
For all you Film Makers : Looks like Section 181 has a good < PROPMALE > of being extended to Dec 31 , 2010 in H.R 4213 ( sec 117 ) . It just needs the presidents signature ! Yippee !!! p.s. please see a tax advisor and do not take this as tax advice ( or something like that ) 
I'll be working the hot librarian look ( again ) tonight , with a slightly Mod vibe . Maybe for the next party I'll come up with something different ... but I think this is what I'm stuck with until I can ditch the glasses . 
Glad that the LA marathon has a new route . Makes it easier to get to Hollywood today for the last day of the < PROPFEMALE > Hills Shorts Fest . 
My daughter is practicing her pole moves ( and that was her language regarding what she is doing ) to a song called Pi . What am I raising ??? OMG could you imagine this as a character on The Big Bang Theory ? 
If you ever submit a resume for a job , please please please make sure you tailor it to the job your are applying for . The first thing we do if it's not appropriate is to toss it , not keep it just in case ... because if you can't get it right the first time , why should I think you could get it right EVER ??? 
350+ resumes pared down to 6 for each of 3 positions . I guess I did accomplish something this week ! 
too much on my mind ... don't know where to start ... lunch is probably a good idea though . 
My interpretation of what the Dalai Lama said on the Today show : Shit happens , deal with it . 
When everyone is thinking the same , no one is thinking . \ 
-Coach Wooden 
off to vote in the primary . 
Pretty sure that was a distant earthquake that just rolled through . 
does anybody else find it absurd that the traffic sign on the freeway tells you to CALL d1 
sorry ... sign that says \CALL 511 for traffic info \"?" 
Nice shaker . 5.7 Borrego Springs at 4:30 . And Em was trying to tell me yesterday that is was less safe to be outside than inside ... She was playing out side and didn't even notice ! Kid logic . Oh well . 
Script ? check ! Director and DP ? Check ! Casting call ? Check ! Investors ? Check ! Locations locking ? Check ! Crew forming ? Check ! Shit hitting the fan ? Check ! 
So proud of my husband ! He won two awards last night at the AOF writers dinner on two different scripts ! 
AOF is now over ! I still haven't recovered from staying up so late . We walked away with a few awards and a bunch of new friends . Now to Disneyland to recover , celebrate B-days , and celebrate life ! 
at disneyland w/ family . excited but sad that this might be the last time I get to come to d-land with my grandmother . I hope this is a wonderful trip for my family ! 
Cried at Disneyland today . Poor Em didn't know what to make of it . She tried to convince me that I would be happy if I would just buy her a < PROPFEMALE > Dress . She didn't get the dress , but I did perk up and I'm ready to be back to work . 
Playing chicken with Oprah . Am I crazy ? 
Yes , I am nuts . 
I went to the edge and have returned victorious . It helps to be crazy sometimes . 
I'm a little pissed at PUSD right now . School isn't starting until the week after labor day . Don't they realize that people have to work and kids need to be in school ? And they will find some way for the kids to have shorter and shorter days , and more days off . Kids need daily/weekly routine , discipline , challenges , and creative endeavors . My kid will survive , but plenty of others will suffer . 
We have a cast member for Driving ! I'm not sure if I can say who yet \ 
but she is a beautiful , talented , and established actress that will \ 
bring life to our story . 
Congrats to my sister < PROPFEMALE > ! She sent me word that she totally aced her written final exam today , and probably aced the practical part too . No question about it , her calling is Make Up artistry !!! 
2 weeks ! 
Not only does Em start first grade this week , but it's also the final week of pre-production on Driving By Braille . I feel like I did when having Em , preparing for my defense , or even doing a triathlon ... I know it , I've trained , and I'm ready for it to happen . 
wow . This producing shit is crazy . 
Today I kept walking around saying \we're making a movie\ " . I think I'm going into shock . " 
Been trying for 20 minutes to figure out what to write about today . There is too much for a few dozen characters to express . Maybe I'll just give thanks to everyone , because it's people allowing me into their lives that makes the rewarding moments that I've experienced today . 
Tomorrow the new craziness starts - First day on set ( although it's a prep day ) . We'll see how it goes . Tues is the real test - It will be the first day < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > calls ' ACTION ' on Driving by Braille . 
D1 report : Not too bad . Probably D1 was too easy ... should pinch ourselves to make sure that we actually did survive and aren't in surreal-alternate universe-dreamland . 
D4 report : late late call today . Night shoot . Sleeping much better now that we are filming ( mostly because you have to cram the sleep in the the fewest hours possible ) . 
first week . My ultimate producer moment : Annoucing to the PAs , at 1:30 am , that from here on out they were not allowed to throw out the last bag of trash unless I approved . 
< PROPFEMALE > will be working at Disneyland !!!!!! 
D6 report : despite the heat , we made it through another day . I'm pretty sure that we will not have another day this hot . if we do , it will only make this movie even more memorable ! 
Day 8 : At least I think it's day 8 ... rainbows , lighting , picking up film permits , getting ready for 30-50 extras , interviews , fittings , faxes ... tomorrow is the last day at < PROPFIRST > Street Production Center , our home for the last two weeks . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . We'll miss them as we head on the road for 2 weesk !!!! 
Day 9 : I was off a day earlier ... today is really 9 . First day on the move , needed to shoot idillyic scenes at the Arboretum , and there was rain and thunder and lighting . But , at least we didn't have to pay for a water truck to wet down the roads ! 
D10 : Today was a doozy . Thank goodness for our 5am call time ; bless < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > for making us do it . We got the shots , and still made it out of the bar before Monday Night footfall started . This business sure keeps you on your toes . 
D12 : Does anyone have the number for the department that takes care of the weather , or did budget cuts close that office too ? 
D14 : Well it's actually after D14 .. I'm doing reshoots on Small Days . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for allowing us to use thier house for 4 days !!! Without them our movie's wouldn't look so great ! 
D17 : Last day on the road . Kinda trying to do some guerilla style shooting tonight . If I had known that we'd wind up with two cops on the set today ( for the permitted stuff ) I wouldn't have bothered to try to make this part illegal ... it defetes the point . I wound up paying anyway . \ 
\ 
( BTW , check out < PROPFEMALE > Stumpf's amazing photos from the set ! )\ 
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=5031575&id=730579189 
D18 : I get to go home early because I'm on baby duty , but the rest of my loyal cast and crew are finishing up that round of chicken we started playing with Oprah ... next time I make sure the contract explicitly states \no helicopters \"." 
D23 : Green screen day ! We are starting to loose it ... all wearing silly hat/head bands . This is surreal ... only 2.5 days left . 
D25 : Last day . I'm elated and a bit depressed . The set is lovely , everything is in place . Today are some of the most important scenes . 
Day p3 : p3 = postproduction day 3 . Editor doing his cut . Should be ready in a week . < PROPFEMALE > organizing things to be returned and we had our first issue with check fraud . B of A does actually kick ass , and caught it right away , so we are no wore for the ware . Excited to move through post , and see a full movie in a few weeks . 
Day P7 : Tomorrow is a big day- we view the Editor's assembly of DBB ! Em has us running around as she is directing her own movie today ... yelling action and \cutting\ " and telling us our motivation . I blame < PROPFEMALE > for this ;-) " 
D P22 : Directors cut today ! I'm so grateful for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and their crazy schedule to get a cut out ! In about a week we should have the producers cut ( which should be a breeze after all the work they put in ! ) 
D p26 : My daughter just started watching DBB on the computer on her own . She's probably looking for herself ! \ 
Thank you to everyone that attended the screening and gave comments . The producer's cut is coming along . I think we'll finish on monday or tues . 
Yay ! My < PROPFEMALE > is back ! 
I am excited to watch what may be the final cut of DBB tomorrow - with fresh eyes that had fun in Vegas but are very happy to be home . 
D p30-Something : Final Cut is LOCKED !!! We are submitting it , in this unsweetened state to the LA Film Festival ( as of 10 minutes ago ) , because it's really good ! Started on the rest of Post-Production with some meetings today , and soon the composer will have it ( after all the files are assembled ) . 
I was just quizzing Em on the Christmas season and advent . When I asked her \Why do we celebrate Christmas\ " she replied \ " Hanukkah \"." 
Ah Christmas and New Years . This strange time of the year when things both speed up and slow down . 
why do I love LA ? reason #3 : I'm sitting outside in a nice court yard with this perfect sun/cloud combination , working , in the middle of winter . 
( < PROPMALE > + palin +lautner)+(Albright+P . Curie + the spirit of Dickinson ) = the best day ever : < PROPFEMALE > walk , Hemingway , and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Thanks for the b-day wishes all . I'm glad to say it's a beautiful day to start off this next year which should be tremendous ! 
Thanks again everyone . I had one of the best B-days I can remember . We went to Disneyland for a nice evening , and I had one of those moments where I got butterflies thinking about how good this year is going to be ! 
Just found a great way to jump start spring cleaning - take a day off to do your taxes . 
The end is almost near for post on Driving By Braille ! We have the picture at the colorist , the sound designer working on it , a score composed and being recorded , and source music licenses coming in ! Yipee ! 
Decided that < PROPMALE > and I are starting MoonHill Productions blog ! Damn UCLA Extension Opinion Writing Course . Gave me the bug and now I've got to write - Arts , Entertainment , Science , Education . If you didn't know what made us tick , you will surely come to find out ! 
Dear Pasadena/Altadena Friends : Our Neighbor , Cushon < PROPFEMALE > will be running for PUSD School Board Seat #2 . She is smart , motivated , a teacher , has three children in school NOW , and cares immensely about what happens to our schools . PUSD needs a shot in the arm , and if you agree , please write in CUSHON < PROPFEMALE > for seat 2 when you vote in the upcoming special election . 
DBB has gotten the song \Felt Like Love\ " by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > to anchor the movie ! Just a few more weeks and the whole package should be assembled ! " 
Started a Twitter account .... finding I don't have much to say . 
Went to a \Barfee\ " house today . Intellegentsia Coffee in Pasadena . They had a alcohol bar (\" bar -\") and a coffee bar (\"- fee \") . Pretty neat idea ! " 
I swear I heard the phrase \repertoire maelstrom\ " in Sheen's latest rant . He also said \ " Chuck E Cheese ball\ " in that same rant . How can he NOT be crazy ? Normal people don't say these things . " 
\Like Planet Express\ " was what < PROPFEMALE > said when UPS delivered a package today . We've raised her so well ! " 
Saw the trailer for Super8 the other day , and came across it again today ... JJ Abrams open ( and endorsed ) love letter to Spielberg . I wonder if he even geeked out enough to pull props from the movies that \inspired\ " him ? " 
When our company hires a person for our office one of their jobs will be \online maintenance\ " . I hate spending time each day doing this shit . " 
