New Year's < PROPFEMALE > should happen more often . That would mean more THREE STOOGES MARATHONS ! 

I'm going to Fredericksburg and Luckenbach , TX on Saturday . 
has now been trained in high voltage safety . I am supposed to feel safer now . 
is contemplating the SLC 500 series programmble logic controller . 
is in Amarillo , TX . I like this state . Too bad its too hot for my taste . Whoever said it's a dry heat , by the way , has never been in real heat . 
thinks Durango , CO is Yuppieville , USA 
Words of wisdom scrawled on an outhouse wall in Wolf's Creek Pass , CO -- Obama : doesn't like small town people ; His pastor is a racist ; Endorsed by Terrorists ! 
thinks Leadville , CO is a great town . Nice people , nice scenery , unpretentious , etc . I like it here . 
drove from < PROPFEMALE > to Rawlins via Centennial , Saratoga , and Alcova . Beautiful country - and I played with snow in the Snowy Mountains . 
Drove across desolate southern WY and up the < PROPFEMALE > Valley on US89 . Good ride . Staying in < PROPMALE > , WY . Gun Barrel restaurant is very good . Ate ELK chops . MMM . Tasty dead animals . 
thinks Thermopolis , WY is a bit warm . Wind River Canyon is impressive . 
saw the < PROPFIRST > Firearms Museum and then did the laundry . Laundry sucks . 
thinks the road from Ten Sleep to Buffalo is great , almost as impressive at the road from < PROPFIRST > to Burgess Junction . 
went by the Devil's Tower today , the first National Monument in the US . Also , saw more vast mining operations . If I had more time , I would stop and take a tour of one to better appreciate the hard work and engineering involved in the coal mining process 
Stopped by Mount Rushmore . Now heading back east to go home for a little while before school starts . 
Wisconsin , La Crosse , specifically . I'm now East of the Mississippi . 
Elkhart , IN . Tolls in IL are worse than NJ . I didn't leave the highway in IL to minimize my economic impact on the Daley/Maobama regime . 
is now settled in Newport , RI . New student orientation starts Monday . I've been out of school for 10 years now . 
First day of student orientation ... 
First day of actual class today . Basically , today's sessions was a class on how to take the class ... 
The government likes acronyms . That , by the way , is a classic case of UNDERSTATEMENT . 
\Wicked Problem\ " is a technical term developed by a couple of PhDs . One of them must have been from Maine ... " 
Saw the news this morning . Remember < PROPFIRST > Jo-Kopechne . 
has two research paper proposals due next week . 
Pan roasted flounder on a bed of roasted tomatoes topped with sateed onions and a basalmic vinegrette ... cooked by me . I can't do that at sea . Good too . Ahhhhhh . 
My new Mafia handle : ARFCOM Aficionado . 
Blackened salmon filet over steamed broccoli . Full now . 
My presentation is next Wednesday . Topic : TWIC Card . Conclusion : Its a farce that generates revenue with no redeeming value and should be scrapped . One of my next papers will probably be that the steady erosion of freedom is a threat to homeland security . 
No more research papers this semester . I can relax for a couple days ... 
I'm home for Christmas for the first time in 6 years . Feels pretty good , too . 
Pan-fried pork with vegetables over cous-cous is good . 
Saw on the internet that Haiti is without a government . To help out , I am donating one Obama , one Pelosi , one < PROPMALE > , one < PROPFIRST > , one Coakley and two Clintons ! They may keep them permanently ! 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Browning ! 
Wanted : 1 board , 3 harnesses , 7 bricks . 
I got engaged Saturday afternoon . ( Yes , this notice is two days late and yes , dial-up * is * that slow . ) 
Rhode Island is rife with flooding , school closings , and road closings . It's wet down here and getting wetter . My basement is still dry , though . 
Just submitted an offer on a house . tick tock tick tock ... 
We now own a house . I am no longer homeless . 
Graduated today . Now I go back to my real job . Picked up a < PROPFEMALE > in National Security and Strategic Studies at the Naval War College . 
I\ 
want Palmetto State Armory to send me a free 300rd case of XM855 . 
Got married yesterday . Took my new wife on a quintessential Maine shopping trip : Marden's . 
1 . USS < PROPMALE > S . Land ( AS-39)\ 
2 . < PROPMALE > Garcia 
In Singapore . Last civilized port for a while . 
I'm now in < PROPMALE > Garcia . 
Went fishing today . I caught a Wahoo fish's head . A big , brown shark got the rest . The dirty thief ... My fishing partners got three yellowfin , five wahoo , and an albatross . 
I want Palmetto State Armory to send me a FREE 500rd case of XM193F . 
Today's a long day . 
ABS External SMS audit is done . Next , please ... 
40 lbs of Wahoo in one convenient package . The trashbag is full of bonito . 
Darken ship ! 
My relief is on board . 
AMC ( ye olde < PROPMALE > ) flight to Bahrain in the morning . Moving from a deserted isle to a desert < PROPFEMALE > . Goodbye < PROPMALE > Garcia . 
Welcome to Bahrain . My first AMC flight experience was pretty good . DC-8 and good seats . I was half-expecting canvas seats on a DC-3 . Haha 
I have returned . Feels good , too ! Qatar Airways is great . American Airlines is not so great . I'm home with my wonderful wife , now , though . 
Homemade Chili Calzone + Homemade Fried Apple Pie = WIN . I love my wife . 
Wasting away again in Freehold , NJ\ 
Looking for my expired BST cert . \ 
Some people claim that its required to do\ 
But I know , its MSC's fault . 
I have a new tatoo on my forehead . The STEAM marking is now subtitled with sub-tender . 
Hi ho , Hi ho , its back to work I go . \ 
East Coast AKE - Sacajawea . \ 
Back to Norfolk , VA :P 
Hit 100K on the Ranger yesterday . That only took 11 years . 
Leaving New Jersey in the morning for a free state . 
Tonight's dinner menu aboard ship : Spaghetti , manicotti , italian sausage . Booo . I was REALLY looking forward to corned beef and cabbage . 
