feels like crap 

last night was fun 
sick as a dog 
is pissed 
new to this facebook thing , hook me up 
The only thing I love more than money is wasting my parents money with their permission 
Headache . Bad . 
is gonna go waste more of his parent's money :) 
feels like being rude 
130 friends in 2 days ? not bad 
is brooding 
sonic and mall ? yes 
is going to the stuffiest church in < PROPMALE > 
Yes < PROPFEMALE > , there is a < PROPFEMALE > Clause 
A Guitar ? haha thanks mom and dad 
is feelin reckless 
is watching the little ceasers pizza bowl ... bite me 
so some dude had a heart attack outside of the publix I was at 
YO WHAT THE FUCK ! Urban Meyer's stepping down !? 
THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > MAROZZI FOR SAVING MY LIFE FROM A HORRIBLE < PROPFEMALE > MUSTARD DEATH A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO 
Late night stroll ? 
is messed up 
doesnt feel good 
< PROPFEMALE > the headaches finally gone . Awesome 
gonna go see avatar . 
wishes he could chill at home 
Avatar was EPIC 
they lost , bummer 
Is going to jail tomorrow ? 
is having a bishop over for dinner .... Im not catholic 
she's so weird 
is high off pita ?? 
so its the last the day of the year and I slept through half of it :) sums up the entire year 
about time for TCU to open up a can of whoop-ass 
alright Iowa lets get a win 
Roll Tide 
wants new friends 
mmm baskaetball game tonight ? 
Titans LAX game 
yo the Titans Game was awesome ! 
is gonna go act like a goon with the firends 
sick :( 
1000 times a day 
where's my head ? 
law+history test tomorrow :( 
Is makin it happen 
Your haunting me you ghost 
my house .. yes 
hahaha I feel like crap 
it's a crazy world 
\Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding . \"" 
home , chillin/laxin 
bed , possibly getting sick 
you deserve better 
laxin it up early 
so raise your hands if youre online instead of studying 
cant lax if I dont make a B in spanish , fuck my life 
It's kinda funny how sometimes the little things wind up mattering a whole lot more than the big things 
really tired , goin over to < PROPMALE>'s 
new phone 
chillin at the palace with the boys ..... we're gay 
homework's garbage 
this is the worst I've ever felt 
alright , almost done with this crappy week 
wings pizzas darts , Im likin tonight 
mom's making pancakes :) 
watchin district 9 
16 out of 20 on his permit exam ... yesss 
is jesus in junk food ? 
I'm moving to the emrald triangle 
If only you were lonely 
Gamin it up with < PROPFIRST > , game tonight :) 
my celebruty lookalike is < PROPFEMALE > kutcher ? wow 
saints by 3 
Our teachers are going to hell 
rocks at driving 
big game tonight lets do work 
big game cancelled 
first game tonight lets do work 
ya dont know what youve got till its gone 
movies 
according to my parents since i listen to music way too loud theyre gonna take my ipod away . I wish they'd try 
watching curling ? 
feels good to get a win 
Boone got another win today , lets go Braves 
all day lax games 
chillen at the neighbors , something to do ? 
Dont believe everything you hear 
something to do ? 
what a horrible day 
hahaha my house is actually in danger of flooding 
Sports Bar watchin madness 
Boone vs Flagler lax game , then hangin with the cousins 
1st day of a completely healthy arm and I mess it up again . great 
broken arm 
friends are great 
lax game with the boys 
worthless game , chillin with the girls 
This day will never happen again , so make the most of this one , make the most of all of them . 
you'll never win if you dont begin 
chillin in < PROPFEMALE > 
Richmond's a pretty dirty city 
a little more love in the world wouldn't hurt anybody 
Philadelphia . cold 
So theres a huge flood warning in Pennsylvania ..... I'm in Pennsylvania 
Lax recruit tour of < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
home for a day then going away 
So there definately ISNT a party at my house on saturday ... idiots 
The truth is ... 
got lost 
It's what you want 
LAX games !!! 
ready to fight somebody 
Spending my parents hard earned money just makes my day 
talk about a rotten day 
So ..... I dont have any pictures of me as a baby , I mustve been ugly 
step one , change 
step 2 , fighting 
magic in 5 
drop the world 
the truth is Im almost scared to talk to you 
If I fall , if I die , know I lived to the fullest 
BBQ at the House !!! pulled pork sandwiches bitch 
I want something else to get me through this , semi-charmed kinda life 
good day for a wedding 
:( 
free fallin 
Pursuit of Happiness 
there are 22 vices and only 9 virtues in the bible , what does that say about human nature ? 
So the Magic have definately had a tough postseason so far 
< PROPFEMALE>'s making me noodles , I am the man 
LAX tourney day 2 
You keep the sunshine , save me the rain 
The greater the pride , the harder the fall . 
Chill out 
The sky was gold , it was < PROPFEMALE > , I was taking sips of it through my nose 
What a day 
This too shall pass 
finally time to lax again 
This is gonna be a sick weekend 
shadow of the day 
who needs spanish 
Spicy chicken sandwich at Chick-fil-a = :) 
like this and I'll be nice to you :) 
\Happiness is not the absence of problems but the ability to deal with them . \"" 
what do you want from me ? 
There are no certainties in life-only opportunities 
Standing here , beside myself . 
its a bad day 
nothin like wakeboarding in the rain ... 
as long as the wrong feels right its like im in flight . 
You make things so much worse . 
NSB 
Honesty is a two way street . 
\Reputation is what men and women think of us ; character is what God and angels know of us . \"" 
BEST PARTY EVER 
the weather so breezy , man why cant life be this easy ? 
Im a poser , like me and ill give you the whole like/dislike thing 
Work = :( 
Hate in my heart 
Pretty much the worst day . Ever . 
None lost , none found 
over this shit 
Met a bear in tennessee . He was sweet till he tried to eat < PROPMALE > . 
Where did summer go ? 
Be good or be good at it 
< PROPMALE > Potter land , got a wand ... ready to duel 
soooo looking foreword to waking up at 3:45 
pound , pump , hump . Gotta love polyester 
If you never try you'll never know 
The social network 
< PROPFIRST > Moore is the love of my life <3 
\Im so gifted at findin what I dont like the most . \"" 
We're only here for a short time , so make it a good time . 
Not a good night ... 
Life is for livin not livin uptight . 
The greatest gift you can give someone is your time . 
< PROPFEMALE > williamson is the coolest person i know :) 
Guess if I was simple in the mind everything would be fine . 
Take a shower your attitude stinks 
Expecting the world to treat you fairly because you are good is like expecting a bull not to charge because youre a vegetarian . 
Bye bye beard :( 
Life is a bitch , but I appreciate her . 
I know you probably wish you never met me but I just wish you never forget me . 
\Sometimes the best way to deal with shit is to not hold yourself as such a precious little prize . \"" 
\Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars . You have to let go at some point in order to move forward . \"" 
I believe that life is a prize , but to live doesn't mean you're alive . 
We can spend our lives letting the world tell us who we are ... Or we can decide for ourselves . 
I think you stand under me , if you don't understand me . 
I just want to be a good person and help people . 
I live in < PROPFEMALE > . I speak < PROPFEMALE > n , not Spanish . 
I'm a tool . 
Shit happens . That's life . Get over it . 
Lax season 2011 . You already know . 
Some people dream of success ... while others wake up and work hard for it . 
Got out of school early , got my car , and my license . Pretty great day . Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . 
No one likes a hypocrite , so before you start pointing your fingers , make sure your hands are clean . 
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten . 
At the end of the day , the only person you can trust is yourself . 
Season opener tonight , lets . go . 
Boone 11 Lake Brantley 7 . Hell yeah . 
Nobody raises their reputation by lowering others . 
Life couldn't get better , this ' gone be the best day ever 
Nothing worth knowing can be taught . 
I wish you , would step back from that ledge my friend . 
There's no such thing as a half brother or half sister . 
Thank you to the girls who < PROPFIRST > that incredibly hot chick on my dashboard . 
Girls are like buses , it doesn't matter if you miss one or fifteen , another one's always gonna come around . 
You picked me up , breathed new life in me . I owe my life to you . \ 
But for the life of me , I don't see why you don't see like I do . 
To be honest .... you dont need to make a facebook status to say how you feel about people . 
Lax bro in office \\m/ 
nothing like a good sunday family dinner 
HELL YEAH OSAMA BIN LADENS DEAD !!! 
like this if i should shave my head 
