has seen all of Failblog , all 354 pages . That's what's up . 

Woot Cubs ! Sorry Twins ... 
Boooooo Retail Industry . 
has a long couple days in front of him , blah diddy blah . 
was gonna put something better here , but can't remember what it was . damn 
hates this crap . fml 
Vacation is great , but almost dying isn't! 
Good to be home , don't wanna go to work again 
needs help thinking of a nickname for his 2005 Ford Focus ... 
Welcomes Shooter to the family ! 
AAAAAHHHH YEAH !!! 
thinks Owl City is a very smart band , VERY GREAT !! 
oh O.J. , how wonderful you are ! 
< PROPMALE > show was awesome !! 
favorite word of the week : Maniacal . I.E. \ ... but the maniacal power of its twin-turbo V-12 ... \ " [ Aug 2009 Car and Driver ] . " 
freakin Packers better get it together ... Vikings can suck my nuts . 
is at a loss for words . 
Favre is a damn good QB , too bad he's with Satan's football team . 
can't get enough of Family Guy 
Good luck Twins ! 
TWINS WIN ! 
Let's go Twins !! Woot ! 
Let's go Twins ! And Huskie Hockey ! WOOT !! 
didn't think Duluth could be so much fun ... 
smells like apples . 
nothing ever goes as planned ... 
Vikings win on pure complete luck , and my undefeated fantasy team loses to a 2-3 team . Wtf ?! 
' s older brother , plays for the Oakland Raiders as a TE and is a suspect in \Fringe \"." 
Good day . 
has no idea what to be for halloween ... ideas ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > from \Office\ " or J.D. from \ " Scrubs\ " . Hmm ... " 
somehow manages to get up earlier on his day off then when he works ... 
somehow manages to get up earlier on his day off then when he works AND wear his uniform too ! What is wrong here ... 
Pack win , Vikes lose , let's go Bears , for the Trifecta ! 
needs scrubs , QUICK ! 
car is clean , needs a second job 
Little Big Planet is a great game ! 
\What has two thumbs and doesn't give a crap ? < PROPMALE > Kelso . How ya doin ? \"" 
Bears win , go Pack , for the Trifecta ! 
Happy All Saints Day 
Good game , for a little bit . Entertaining nonetheless ... 
loves the quote \It's Miller Time \"" 
worst day ever . before rehearsal , now it's just sucky . 
is completely hating his internet right now . 
Michelob < PROPFEMALE > Light is great , too many too quickly is actually never too much too quickly ... just more fun . 
beautiful day outside , hard to pass this up 
is speechless . 
hates Twilight with a passion . 
Good luck < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is happy to know mom's doing well 
my ex is on a billboard in St. Cloud . Great , now I can see her everyday ... 
Last night was top notch ! Shark knows what's up . 
Modern Warfare 2 defeated in 6h 53m , 2 sittings . Try your best ... 
Brahms Requiem , quite simply , freakin awesome . 
this new Avatar movie looks frickin sweet 
01001010011000010110101101100101 . Look it up 
off through Tuesday . What am I gonna do ? 
1812 Overture , yet another amazing masterpiece . 
Christmas tree is up and ya gotta check out the sky behind it , WOOT !! 
Turk and < PROPFEMALE > have the greatest relationship ever , and < PROPFEMALE > Goslin has the FUGLIEST smile in the entire world ... ever . 
check out Skagen watches , frickin saweet ! 
Thank you , gracias , danke everyone for their birthday wishes ! 
last show tonight , will be good to be DONE ! 
< PROPMALE > Folds is genius . 
productive night . 
goin back to State starting Tuesday , WOOT WOOT ! 
ah Pack ... 
has FINALLY paid off one of his student loans , now for the other three ... 
contestants on American Idol are effing diluted humans . 
is gonna clear the pond off and go skating . 
got his Sube moved finally . AWD is pretty fantastic . 
Sube would've been helpful after broomball on Saturday ... 
school , work , karaoke , sleep . 
nothin better than sitting on the couch watching tv and listening to music on a cold , miserable day . 
wishes the weather coulda been better . 
productive day already . 
what the hell is up with all the sister tributes ?!? 
Mustang GT is comin back with 5.0 for ' 11 ! PRAISE THE LORD GOD ALMIGHTY ! 
has been waiting for what seems forever for Ford to show up , and FINALLY , they have . 
has karaoke tonight , should be good . 
Come on Colts ! 
Super Bowl upset ... Damn Colts 
No school tomorrow ! 
class , work , home , tired , bed ........... 
had a good night . 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > Weiss is a great beer ... wow ... too good . 
had a late night , great night ! 
gotta check off my list of crap to do , then home free for a few days ! 
karaoke tonight ! 
why does anyone write on these things ?! 
watching the Transformers Duology with my family and grandparents , different but can't really get much better than this ! 
I bet I can find 10,000,000 people who will bitch about the Health Care < PROPMALE > and have no idea what it actually does . 
sold ! 
face is gonna be half numb , should be an interesting sight ... 
Monday , Monday ! 
hangovers are AWESOME 
assignment's gotta be ready by tomorrow morning . Buckle down and let's hash this out . HA ! Network humor ... 
so my lil bro has gotta be related to < PROPFIRST > Mauer in some way 
finished the paper , took a survey , did extra credit , and registered for classes ... all in one sitting ... without eating ... I'm gonna pass out now . 
Saturday can't come soon enough 
will be singin < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s \Movin ' Out\ " all day ! " 
gonna be off the grid for a few days ... 
had a good weekend with < PROPFEMALE > and Lexi . 
shot a -20 today at St. < PROPFIRST>'s in Scotland . 
needs to change the IP Address on my WAP so it'll actually connect wirelessly . Ugh , I gotta do everything myself these days ... 
cannot believe how good he really has it . Never take life for granted , it'll end you like you never existed , guarenteed . 
has APIPA . Oh no ... 
is wireless . 
has no idea what to say . 
actually likes a country song . Didn't think it was possible ... 
doesn't have class or work today and is up ... wth is wrong with this picture ?! 
is invoking his anti-spending order . 
loves the smell of RAM in the morning . 
got his homework done , now for the weekend ... 
23:50 . Un-freakin-believable . 
Isner Vs . Mahut . wtf mate . 
is looking forward to less drama ... and more Muse . 
loves his Shooter . 
GUH . Only 6 days til vacation . Cannot frickin wait ! 
pretty sure I saved $300 on books this semester . Money in the bank ! 
can't ever remember his charter info . ugh I hate them so ... 
just remembered his charter info . sweet . 
school started today . Can you see my enthusiasm ? 
is the proud new owner of a 2011 Subaru WRX 
since when did the Malibu become the white boys pimp ride ? 
like my status and I will tell you why Miron ( aka J-Money ) is compensating for something ... 
' s fantasy football team , the Disgruntled Rhino's , is pure domination . 
thinks that new ke$ha song makes her sound like a man . Just sayin . 
should be doing my paper . Why am I telling you guys ?! 
The Pack and my fantasy team lost . Not a good day . 
happy birthday < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > ! 
< PROPMALE > Matthews for All-Time sack record ! 14.5 to go 
< PROPFIRST > Bieber is releasing a line of nail polish ... distributed in Wal-Mart ... she should fire her manager , and herself , cuz they're failures at life . 
is lovin his new phone ! 
is lovin his new phone and cell service , really ... 
So ... Chevy lies . You can get a Focus for cheaper , given only a few hundred bucks , than a Cruze , as equally equipped as possible , though the Ford's list is slightly longer . Go Ford . 
could this weather please destroy the mall so I don't have to go to work ever again ? 
is giving up fast food for November . 
2 days without fast food and I'm already hallucinating . 
thought he was hallucinating when he saw more republicans entering office , but woke up to the horror . 
interesting info : the world's net worth is exactly $0 USD . It has more debt than equity . $38T approximately it owes . We need a world accountant to get this crap together . 
yeah I totally just did the quadratic formula in my head and got the question right . I'm a friggin genius . 
has failed miserably in the attempt of beating Black Ops in one sitting . 
needs < PROPMALE > Rivers to get me 72 points to win my fantasy game . 
this drug war in Mexico is pure insanity . These drug cartels are waltzing around with little to no competition . Mexico is left disabled , on its knees . 
my finals are spread out through the whole week . love it . 
super awesome song : Dog Days Are Over - < PROPFEMALE > and the Machine 
what's with everyone having cartoon profile pics ? 
Thanks all for the birthday wishes ! 
cannot believe he's getting giddy over the fact that his heat works again . Try sleeping when it isn't working ! 
The oldest rivalry in football will go at it next Sunday for the NFC Division title . Let's hope I don't work . 
Mountain Dew = Good , Vodka = Great , Mountain Dew + Vodka = Nasty Crap . 
off to friends ! If anyone cares . 
Pack for Superbowl XLV ! 
is on fire today . Answered an incredibly long and exhausting math problem on the FIRST try and aced my < PROPMALE > 194 quiz . Get outta the way or I'll mow right through ya ! 
Superbowl goes to the Pack ! 
wants to know the psyche of < PROPMALE > drivers , why ? 
my fiancées blow dryer has a turbo . 
Thanks everyone for all the congrats on the engagement ! 
finished the entire series of Scrubs with < PROPFEMALE > and terribly regrets season 9 . wtf were they thinking ? 
won Repeat the Tweet on KCLD today ! 
Cougars totally owned at dodgeball tonight ! WOOT WOOT !! 
happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s day ! I actually remembered to wear green today . 
This < PROPFEMALE > Black girl is more annoying than The Bieb . Not even kidding . 
glad it rained , my car was filthy . 
Zombie Meats motto : Long Pork , it's what's for dinner 
Heat Wave was great ! Sriracha sauce is HOT . Won an auction and got a set of River Bats tix with some shirts and a hat . 
first time in a long while that I didn't have to open Quicken . 
REGISTERED !! 
Grilled chicken marinaded in soy sauce and sriracha sauce , then topped with more sriracha ! I am a genius . Whose mouth is on fire . 
my sister is on Pandora . I'm a frickin celebrity . 
got approved for the apartment in Foley for June so < PROPFEMALE > , Lexi and I will be moving there in just over a month . 
is done with spring semester ! God it feels good to be a gangsta . 
seriously Playstation Network is still down . This hacker did something incredible that it's taking PS this long to beef up security ... hurry up , I wanna play MW2 online again . 
Woo ! Friday the 13th , probs one of my favorite days ... besides all the other ones I favor more . 
Huskies beat Augustana 7-1 yesterday to continue on to round 2 against MSU-Mankato . Go Huskies ! 
has finally got internet back after 12 days away ... WOOT . 
pepperoni sriracha and tabasco pizza with tabasco flavored slim jims , fruit snacks and gushers for lunch today . So healthy I could have a heart attack . 
pretty sure there'll be a zombie apocalypse before we run outta gas , hopefully there's no shortage of ammo . 
cut a watermelon and only lopped off one finger ! 
Arrested Development is the best show I've seen in a very long time . 
would the Gov't hurry up and come back ... frickin annoying . I need my fishing license . 
just got back from River Bats game vs the Rochester Honkers . Double header split the series , lost the first game 7-3 but shut them out second 5-0 . 
holy hot day batman ! Morehead recorded the hottest place on earth July 19th with a heat index of 134 degrees fahrenheit . sheesh . 
just read an article , a man found a message in a bottle 2000 < PROPMALE > from its origin , claiming a $150 reward to whoever returns it to the sender , thing is , it was thrown 50 years ago . Current rates put that $150 reward at over $1100 bucks . Sheesh . 
Say you were a serial killer . Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . \ 
1st person turns you in : < PROPMALE > Eggers\ 
2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone : < PROPFEMALE > Mellas\ 
3rd person is your partner in crime : < PROPFIRST > Neumann\ 
4th person is your first victim : < PROPFEMALE > Olivo\ 
5th person tries to kill you : < PROPMALE > Thomas\ 
6th person writes a tell all novel : < PROPFEMALE > Mahowald\ 
7th person helps you hide the bodies : < PROPFEMALE > Kingsbury\ 
\ 
funny ... 
just built a $ 12,000 Alienware desktop computer . To put this in perspective , you could buy a brand new < PROPFEMALE > Rio for the same amount . Hmm ... totally awesome computer , or brand new car ... yeah I'd get the computer . 
I just stabbed myself trying to open a box . Hands of a surgeon . 
just logged onto my school computer from home . Freakin sweet . 
reading about LHC and the Higgs boson is making my head hurt . As < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > once said , \Explain it to me as if I were 3 \"." 
maxed out the ram on my computer today . 16GBs baby ! 
next stop on improving my already wicked computer : SSD and throw the OS on it . Afterburners away ! 
If anyone is interested , you can see the 21 million year old supernova of PTF 11kly tonight , given you have some binoculars or a small telescope . It's up and to the left of the last 2 stars in the Big Dipper ( Ursa < PROPMALE > ) handle . 
has never been this excited to get a test back ... umm ... ever . 
96% in my astronomy test . Not too shabby . 
maybe the Gov't should switch to Quicken . Then maybe we could get out of our debts . Are they using an abacus to balance their check register ? 
for anyone who cares , the speed of light is 186K mps , translating to 669.6 M mph . A light year is the time it takes light to travel in a year . So 669.6 M mph , we'll call it ' A ' , ( A*24)*365 = approximately 5.9 T < PROPMALE > . That's a long way ! 
So this satellite that is supposed to fall out of orbit ... umm ... how is that even possible ? Isn't there that whole gravitational pull of Earth thing ...? 
it's the autumnal equinox today . And we might be able to see Jupiter depending on if you don't have a lot of light pollution . 
pack win , vikes lose . It was a good day . 
So October 9th there's gonna be a meteor shower , something I learned is that they name the meteor shower after the constellation that is behind it and this one is Draco , which is between the big and little dipper in the north . 
Green and Yellow for Superbowl XLVI !! WOOT WOOT !! 
180 pts in my fantasy league . Hellz yeah . 
443 days til the apocalypse . Yay . 
the end of the Mayan calendar is Dec . 21st , 2012 . Our calendar ends Dec . 31st , 2011 , but the very next day turns to the 1st of January , so when did we start thinking that the end of the calendar meant the end of the world ? 
3 days til < PROPMALE > Gaffigan ! I am so frickin excited !!! 
< PROPMALE > Jobs died today . He just stepped down from Apple CEO like a month ago right ? Crazy ! 
< PROPFIRST > Rodgers is the best selling jersey right now , hellz yeah Green and Yellow ! 
< PROPFIRST > G in 2 hours 41 minutes ! 
As of right now : the top 4 NFL teams ( besides the Lions cuz they haven't played yet ) are the Packers at 5-0 , the Buffalo Bills at 4-1 , the Patriots at 4-1 and the Saints at 4-1 . The bottom four are the Rams and Dolphins at 0-4 , the Colts at 0-5 and the Eagles at 1-4 . Last year the only team in the top 4 now , were the Patriots , the Pack was 8th at 10-6 , and the Colts were 9th at 10-6 . The Bills were 28th at 4-12 . Things have changed ! 
3 years ago no one in Detroit would have thought they'd EVER have a 5-0 start . 
who here believes that sometimes to do what's best you have to do something that breaks the rules ? 
Despite < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s underwhelming performance yesterday , he's still on track to beat < PROPFIRST > Moss's touchdown record set in 2007 . Moss had 23 touches in 16 games , or an avg of 1.4375 TD's/G , right now CJ has 9 TD's in 6 , or 1.5 TD's/G . So he just needs 1 touch a game to the end of the season and he'll beat it by 1 touchdown . 
96% on my astronomy test , hellz yeah ! 
finish this sentence for me : Limewire ... Frostwire ... ( Blank ) . 
Just got back from Paranormal Activity 3 and is sleepin ' with all the lights on ! 
96% on my programming exam , hellz yeah once again ! 
both my kickers and QB's are on their bye week next week . WTF mate ? 
Can't explain it , but I feel like < PROPFIRST > Stark after I shave . 
yesterday was the most interesting day I've had in a very long time . Also threw 5 games of bowling for only 8 bucks . Not too shabby ! 
can't wait til dodgeball starts !! 
MW3 tomorrow !! 
Good god almighty . My ps3 is busted , so when I enter a game , I have no sound . And my little brothers ps3 isn't updated , so I can't play MW3 ... wtf mate . 
Crisis averted . Audio works . Nothing like a little Modern Warfare 3 to start your day off ! 
headed to Old Chicago after work with < PROPFIRST > Kroska to use our Foamer Bucks for Veterans Day . 
MW3 defeated in 5H 15M 44S . Not too shabby ! 
you know you're not good when the opponent's backup QB rushes in for a TD . 
So I believe it was the day after Superbowl 43 that I said something around the lines of , \First hangover ever . Never again . \ " Well I haven't been following that statement very well since then . " 
that new T-Pain song \5 o'clock\ " is pretty much awesome . " 
98% on my astronomy test . Guess who doesn't have to take the final !! 
is so freakin proud of the Huskies beating #1 ranked Minnesota tonight in hockey ! 
96% overall in my astronomy class ... does that mean I truly am a space cadet ? 
