It feels like home to me ..... :) 

I've got a feelin ...... 
More than words 
Some people say , that people come into our lives for a reason ..... :) 
Oh how times are changing ...... 
wishin money grew on trees :) 
< PROPFIRST > my words , I am going to Europe some day !!! 
Is nervous for the pageant :/ 
I wish it would snow in Hurricane ! :) 
Beauty and the Beast is going to turn out wonderfully ! :) 
I don't like having a green hand ! No one warned me it wouldn't come off !!! Dah ! 
You're a mean one , Mr. Grinch :) 
3 more days til the play ! Ah ! 
Opening night ! Already ? Dah ! :) It will be so much fun !....... 
And I know that we can be so amazing ....... I just haven't met you yet :) Go < PROPFIRST > Buble ! 
Tale as old as time , song as old as rhyme , Beauty and the Beast :) 
A drop in the ocean .... I was prayin that you and me might end up together .... cuz you are my heaven ..... :) 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Yahoo ! I can't wait to eat my vanilla pie ! Yum Yum ! :) 
Be Happy :) 
You've gotta love leftovers :) 
I MUST go to < PROPFIRST > Buble's concert ! I MUST !!! 
Someday at Christmas there'll be no wars , when we have learned what Christmas is for , when we have found what life's really worth , there'll be peace on earth :) < PROPFIRST > Wonder is such a poet ! 
Love of A Lifetime(slow rock version ) by FIREHOUSE is my absolute most favorite song ! :) 
Music is what life sounds like :) 
is so relieved to take a break from stress ! :) 
Can't wait to see my dear friend ! ( So I can kick his butt ! ) :) 
Baby all I want for Christmas is YOU !!! :) 
got the new < PROPFIRST > Buble CD , the tall red high-heels that I wanted , and got to talk to my missionary brother ! It's a wonderful life =) 
Oh It's lovely weather for a sleigh ..... for a hike to < PROPFEMALE>'s Nipple ! :) 
Friends are like peeing your pants , only you can feel the true warmth =) 
Happy New Year Celebration !!! Yahoo ! 
is terrible at badminton :/ 
Is done with her research paper !!! 8 pages baby ! =) 
is so excited for this long weekend !!! :) 
is super sore from sledding ! ow !!! 
but if my silence made you leave , then that would be my worst mistake . So I will share this room with you , and you can have this heart to break . 
life is good =) 
If at first you don't succeed ........... GIVE UP ! hahahaha ! Not really folks ;) 
\My dear < PROPFIRST > ! Oh what have I done ?! \"......\" One more step and we will be safe in the fire swamp . \ " \ " We'll never survive ! \ " \ " You only say that because nobody ever has . \"" 
Cuz pink is my favorite crayon ! Yes pink is like red but not quite .... 
thinks that Hurricane Utah shoud be known as the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > not Chicago ! 
loves Oreos ! =) 
needs to punch something !!! Or someone :) 
wants her own High School Musical 3 ' Can I Have This Dance ' moment !!! =) 
Each morning I get up , I die a little . Can barely stand on my feet .... Take a look in the mirror and cry , see what your doing to me ?..... Can anybody find me ..... Somebody to love ?! (: 
just realized that she is old now . Already graduating ? I mean who am I ?! Scary ! 
is in love with < PROPFIRST > Downey Jr ! He is still such a fox ! (= 
Is emotionally exhausted from the thought of not seeing so many good friends after I graduate and go off to college ! I'll miss you all ! ( well not all , but most ) :) 
thinks that life is too confusing ! I need some oreos ! 
wants to nothin but party all summer ! Oh yeah !!! (= 
' s phone fell right out of her pocket , while she was dancing crazily , into a bucket of ice water and died ): But now she got a new hot pink one ! (= 
wishes the lovely < PROPFEMALE > weather would return ! Blast you summer heat ! (= 
has mastered the skill of not laughing while being tickled ! It only took me 17 years ! Yahoo ! :D 
thinks that the quiet moments in life are the most meaningful 
wants to go camping so badly , but nobody will take me ! ): 
had a blast at the lake today ! :D Got a little sunburned though :( 
has a new favorite hobby : Ice Blocking !!! (= 
went to the singles < PROPMALE > today for the first time . I feel so old ! 
life is good , but sometimes not so great ... 
is loving summer ! But also is getting a little worn out from playing all day everyday ! Ah well it's all fun ! (= 
has finally been to Lake Powell ! Oh my word it was so beautiful and < PROPFEMALE > and fun ! Highlight of my whole summer !!! My life is complete (: 
is so so so sunburned ! Ouch , I am a very unhealthy red ! That darn sun is such a jerk ! 
can not believe she is 18 years old ! Wow I'm like decrepit ! Oh I must go buy some dry ice and make homemade root beer ! (= Great day ahead of me ! 
thanks everybody for the birthday wishes ! I love you all ! This was my best birthday yet ! (= 
is a bit partied out ! But could still probably party some more ! (= he he he 
vampires are so super overrated ! 
anywhere the wind blows doesn't really matter to me ... 
cool beans ... 
more than words ... (: 
is so stress free ! Yahoo !!! Time to party it up and relax while eating some Orange < PROPMALE > ! (: Yum ! 
time is quite a perplexing thing ... 
Sharlay's like a < PROPFEMALE > in my head ! (: 
Every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorn , Just like every night has its < PROPFEMALE > , Just like every cowboy sings his sad sad song , Every < PROPFEMALE > has it thorn 
Is so obsessed with Monk ! What on earth am I going to do once I finish season 8 ?! Dah ! 
really hates the Zipper ride at the fair ! Totally killed my voice ! Ouch ......... :/ I blame you < PROPFEMALE > CAMPBELL ! hehehe (: 
is going to miss her friends ! :( What if I don't want new ones ?! Just kidding ! I do world , I do :) 
needs a Uhaul moving truck to move to college ! I have WAY too much stuff ! I sure hope there's enough room ! :/ 
is an independent college student now ! Movin up in the world (: 
Word of advice : when buying heels , consider how the might feel when you walk all over campus in them ! Or < PROPFEMALE > bandaids for the blisters ! 
' cause baby there ain't no mountain high enough , ain't no valley low enough , ain't no river wide enough , to keep me from gettin to you babe ! :-) 
can't believe the washing machine wouldn't take my Canadian quarter ! 
is pretty sure she needs to quit staying out til two in the morning and let other people sleep ! 
made the SUU Ballroom Dance Team !!! It's a wonderful life :-) 
should never plan on getting homework done while visiting home from college . It's never going to happen ! 
loves this rain ! < PROPFEMALE > weather is such happy weather :-) 
wahoo weekend !!! Finally ! 
we are young , heartache to heartache we stand ! Love , is a battlefield ! 
quick and quick and quick hop ! Who would have ever thought the quickstep would be so quick ?! 
let it be 
a total eclipse of the heart ! Turn around bright eyes ! :-) 
Is so sick of being sick ! Lying awake coughing til 5:30 in the morning is so not fun ! 
you are the only exception 
\A revolution without dancing first is hardly a revolution worth having . \"" 
Ballroom shoes finally came !!! Death sentence perhaps ? (: 
have you ever thrown a fist-full of glitter in the air ? 
has crunched so many good leaves today ! Also , trampling through the collected fallen leaves around campus has been oh so delightful !!! :-) 
life is such a rollercoaster sometimes ... too many emotions flying around ! 
zumba fitness rocks ! :D 
Sianora University 1000 ! 
So so so excited to wear fake eyelashes for the performance tonight !!!!!!! :D 
SUU Ballroom Dance Company Rocks My Socks !!! 
is definitely going to need to stock up on some more hot chocolate ! 
is pretty positive that yogurt on waffles would be disgusting ! Those who agree say aye ! 
frying pans ! Who knew , right ?! 
Zac after an epic adventure : \you know what sucks about having a 2-wheel drive vehicle ? It doesn't have 4-wheel drive . You know what sucks about having only one pair of shoes ? You don't have any other pairs of shoes . \"" 
Baby all I want for Christmas is you !!! 
pink is my favorite crayon (: 
It's a wonderful day in the neighborhood (: 
thinks that maybe she was the only one who color-coordinated her legos as a child ... 
Oh family (: I sure do love them ! 
would like to know when the turning point was ! When did I become so old ? When did this happen ? How the heck do I slow down time ?! 
she acts like summer and walks like rain , reminds me that there's a time to change :) 
\Someone once told me that you have to choose what you win or lose 
Blueberry . And Raspberry :) He he he ! 
I feel like my ipod knows me so well ! Every time I put it on shuffle it chooses my favorite songs ! Ha ha ha ! What are the odds ?! :) 
zac is sweet 
Pick up lines totally make my day !!! :D 
Is having Disneyland withdrawals !!! :( But it was an amazing weekend !!! :D 
I like Lima beans on pizza ! 
I butter my toast with < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
