in New Yorkk :) 

misses New York ... ahhh I hate my family here ... :( ... take me back new york .. take me back !!!!!! 
at her first day at UNLV :) 
school is amazing .. but my wed . class doesnt start till next week and I already came for it todayy ... so instead I will finish my math HW ... school puts me in a nerdy mood 
going to the work training today was completely pointless ... did not learn anything new , we all just hug out and listen to music on the huge speakers we set up .... but at least we got paid ... it was funny the group kept getting smaller and smaller , even I left early haha 
Today I was eating m&ms on a chair when I dropped one and it fell under my crotch . My mom came in to see my hand on my crotch and me muttering \where is that little bastard ? \ " FML ( hahah this one is halerious ) " 
omg this one was unbelievable .. i need to stop reading these ... Today , my boyfriend and I were fooling around in his car when things got hot and heavy and we decided to climb in the back . After we finished we started to put our clothes back just as a someone's brights flooded into the car . It was a cop , and he had been there the entire time . FML 
okay okay last one .. i promis ... Today , my teenage son called me at work and started screaming abuse at me . He told me how he never wants to see me again and hopes I die a gruesome death . Why does he feel this way ? I beat his high score on Bejewelled 2 . FML 
OMG I wanna see Zombielandd !!!! NOWWWWWW !!! .. but it comes out tomorrow :( 
mmmmmm so zombieland was amazingggg !!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > what movie should I watch ... i am bored out of my mind ...... or maybe I should take a nap ... idk ..... 
Yay .. party at fat boys house .... :) 
bored .. talkingg to < PROPFIRST > who is trying to find ways to weird me out ... but in a funny wayy ... :D 
Ummm i am going to do math hw tomorrow ... i don't feel like it now ...... instead i am watching MTV Europe Music Awards :) 
OMG i just don't get the stupid farmville thinggg ..... 
My SiStEr and her RooM MaTe ... are crazyyyy ... and drunk ... :D ... obicham te kakune 
i am a poopoohead 
still not sure if I am goingg tonight ... ahhh I am exausted ... still cleaningggg .. while my boyfriend is watchinggg that scary ghost movie I wanted to see ... AWESOME .... this day will just get worsee :( 
AHHHH facebook it being retarded ... or my wireless connection ... so I am logging off ! good night 
yay my mom came back today < PROPFEMALE > I have < PROPFEMALE > oo much Bulgarian goodiess hahah mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
ummm I am bored .... I guess I will finish math ... but I am < PROPFEMALE > o excided tomorrow I'm gonna bring my bulgarian snaks and coffee to work ... haha how can such retarded thingg make me < PROPFEMALE > happy ! 
OMG I am still up ... i shouldn't have had those 5 cups of coffee today .... defenutly a bad adea ... but I found this web cite that iss sooo funny ... i have been reading it all night :) 
well I am going back to watching Nip/Tuck ... all the way from the beginning .. and going to sleep ... good night :) 
listening to house playlists .. done w/ accounting homework ... so hows it goingg :) 
listening to SUBLIME :) ... showerr and then going out to < PROPFEMALE > out w/ my man ! 
I have to go study ... Fanacial Accounting test tomorrow ... be back later ... oh and < PROPFIRST > .... u suck ... 
going to watch the new episode of nip/tuck ... 
\Experience was of no ethical value . It was merely the name men gave to their mistakes . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
i am fucking tired .. i need a napp !!!! 
ahhhhhh .... not in a very happy mood ... + i have to do math HW ( its not longgg ... but i just don't feel like it ) .... hey at least my baby gets out at 10 ... so I can just look foward to his phone call tonight o . 0 
SALT N PEPPAS HERE 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH i am about to break my piece of shit phone because it refuses to call people .... and i NEED to talk to my sisterr !!!!!!!!!! 
... so < PROPFIRST > Guetta is coming to the US ... and of coarse the tour will be over before I get the < PROPMALE > to go to New York for winter break to see him ...... ahhhhh sooo unfair !!!!! :( 
soooo ... done w/ Financial acct . hw .... i am going to watch second season of true blood :D 
TRuE blOOd = my new addiction C : 
Ohhh my gosh O.O just finished watching last episode of this season's True Blood ... I want moreee !!!!! 
today was a relaxing day ... work out ... yoga ... I got a facial from my mom and now I have to catch up to the ridiculous amount of homework i have been putting off .... < PROPMALE>'s concert tomorrow ... YaY :D 
I’ve had the time of my life\ 
And I’ve never felt this way before\ 
And I swear this is true\ 
And I owe it all to you ... \ 
:) 
back to facebook ... yay !!! 
I seen nights full of pain , days of the same ; you keep the sunshine , save me the rain 
ahhh at school trying to figure things out ... i am so confused ???? 
Blah ... gonna work tomorrow .. but i really really don't want to :( 
rule #32 Enjoy the little things ..... ( ZoMbieLaND ) X ) 
in a bad mood once again ... looonnggg day ... and not getting better !!! 
ahhh I am bored .... but I know of a great way to relax from the past couple difficult days :D 
I am a CSM for about 10-15 < PROPFEMALE > . till < PROPFIRST > comes back .... ahhh and I am not even gonna get paid for it :P 
Before I leave , brush my teeth with a bottle of < PROPFIRST > ' Cause when I leave for the night , I ain't coming back - .... :) in sudden mood to party today ... idk where its coming from ... but I like it ! 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ... i hate verizon !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
aaaahhh ... hopefully soon this horrible weekend will come to an end .... until then ... I just have to hold it together :( 
... umm its only monday ... but I already waiting for this weekend .. i hope something fun and exciding happens because I have not done anything interesting in a while :( 
I feel like I have accomplished something today ... I made < PROPFEMALE > do pull ups ( on that machine where it does all the work for ) BUT the point is she still did them ... well only two ... but it was the effort that counts ;) 
Too weird to live , too rare to die .... 
Loves < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hughes III he is so freakin amazing !!!!!! when i grow up i want to be just like him !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am not even half as amazing as he is !!!! 
OHHH Crap I just found my work card ( the one we could get in trouble for not returning after our shift ) in my pants that I wore like .... last week ??? ... ande i think they haven't noticed yet ... hopefully ;) 
All the crazy shtit we did last night ... those will be the best memories ... I just wanna let it go for the night , that would be the best therapy for me !!!!!! :D 
Looooooong day at work ... my feet and body hurt :( another LONGGG day tomorrow again ... but my EuRoPeAn family is coming FrIdAy ... sooo .. PARTYYYYYYYYY TIMEEEEE ! :D 
\I'm rare like Mr. Clean with hair ! \ " :D " 
everybody is on my case ... but if I am content with it ... why does it matter ??? 
I got a new phone today so txt me ur number cause i don't have anyone's ... plz :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hughes III Is Freakin AW-Some !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
... is in the process of planning out what will be an amazing dayy :D 
Zach < PROPMALE > is so hot !!!! 
ahh I cannot wait for this crappy week is over so Spring Breakk can start !!!! :D 
i donnot want to work :( 
last night defenutly took a toll on me :( 
ahhhhh I am tired and I am not looking forward to going back to school ...... 
i love penisss 
ummm this week sucks .... I really hope that this weekend can make up for it :/ 
THANK YOU all for the awesome birthday wishes :D 
Ummm ... tired ... but at least there will be PARTY TIME tonight o . 0 
umm i am tired ... more tests tomorrow :( ... but at least in 2 day i will be free from school ... for at least a couple of months ... PaRtY TiMe !!! :D 
Step1 :D enial ! 
Today was a definite FTS day at work ! 
Mmmmm I am tired .... < PROPFEMALE > what is everyone doinng today ... I don't want to stay at home :( 
ummm I wanna go back to europe ... NOT FAIR ! 
Two more days till ... NEW YORK !!!! :D 
< PROPMALE > if you're in Mars can you pick me up from Jupiter ! 
the birds are chirping ... :P \ 
ohhhh sweet sweet New York ... How I have missed you ! 
lol ... salad and ouzo :D \ 
first night and my sister already has me drunk ... well just one more episode of Sparticus and I am passing out ... i am running on 4 hrs . of sleep ! 
... about to start getting ready for tonight ... sister is on her way back from work ... READY TO PART-AYY ! :P 
Enjoying the best frozen margarittas in New York City 
its 5 am ... time to go to sleep ! 
Sex and the City 2 ... was awesome ... plus the best colombian food ever !!! great day today ! 
Preparing my favorite bulgarian food <3 ... getting ready to watch some UFC 
Italin Party tonight ... pizza and wine ... mmmm :) 
mmmmmm ... I think I might be the only person in NYC enjoying the rain :) 
ahhhhh ... just woke up\ 
it is much needed laundry time :P 
I hate it when ppl who live on the FIRST floor take the elevator up !!! It makes everyone that lives upstairs to wait on ur dumb ass ! Like how damn lazy r u to climb up 10 stairs ahhhh \ 
but its cool i am about to get a massage and just not think about dumb ppl :) 
Yessssss .... the world cup is finally here !!! \ 
soccer + beer = a magical combination 
mmm just got done watching my favorite show < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > :D \ 
Time to start getting ready 
No soccer :( but I am on a roof top with an amazing view smoking a cigar mmmm 
So South Africa VS Mexico 1:1 ... that must have been an interesting match :/\ 
its okay i am watching the one tomorrow where the US will loose :D 
good night ... or shall i say good morningg 
ahhh i stilll have a terrible headache from yesterday ... no sudden movements or anything ... i can feel it throbbing ... 
On my way to WHITE CASTLE ! :D \ 
then < PROPFEMALE > town ... then pool on times square ... then out for dinner\ 
I gotta enjoy my last day :/ 
:( \ 
I am sick for sure .... Swimming yesterday was not a vary good idea andd i gotta leave tonight too ... but i don't wanna go !!!... Ohhh New York don't let me leave ! Keep me here with you and we shall be happy together ! 
ahhh yesterday was a shitty day ... after boarding the plane we had to wait for 40 < PROPFEMALE > for the pilots to let us know that there is a problem with starting the engine ... after they fixed it we had to wait another 30 to start moving and another 30 to actually manage to take off from JFK ! Besides that hell I am sick :( ... New York did not want me to leave 
not happy ... this past couple of days have been terrible and just make miss New York sooo much more .. I am suck and everyday I feel a new different terrible feeling ... ohhhhh i want to go backk i miss everythingg there 
well that was a good game ... brazil got beat up but in the end at least they still won 
new episode of true blood ... here i come :D 
mmm swimming todayy was funn ... it wasnt as hot as usual ... andd i tanned some more :D 
Stupid true blood .. got me addicted ... now i cant stop watching it .. waiting for episode 4 
hmmmm i am hoping for some volleyball tonight ... then beerpong ... if everything goes right ... and SOME ppl wake up !!! 
Goddamn Nazis r gonna win the world cup ! I know it .. Germany has just been dominating ... its cool tho at least they are European ... right 
hmm what to do todayyy ... work and then ....? 
Beer pong champion last night ... getting better at flip cup too ... < PROPFIRST > and i were kicking ass ! \ 
trying to watch the finals ... stupid tv at work doesnt work :( 
... life sucks . 
I want to see INCEPTION !!!! 
Ahhhh only 4 hrs of sleep ... I am tired ! \ 
I hate working early 
ahhh what to do what to doo .... its starting to get boring at home ..... 
Hopefully today will be a good day ! 
Miserable ... 
Guess who is the boss today !!! :D 
... just got done eatingg WAYY too much ... ready for my nap and listening to bulgarian music .. which never fails to make me laugh ! ahh so jealous of my sister right now ... I want to be in Bulgarian partying and eating my grandma's cooking 
well after pretty much watching the whole 3rd season of true blood ... now I am ready to party .. even tho i have work at 7am once again ... for some reason I have been craving liquor and maybe some flipcup ... hmm this weekend better be good ! 
Ahhhh no fair ... I wanted to go see Sublime !!!!! \ 
I will drown my sorrow tonight ! 
< PROPFIRST > Hill is my hero :) 
Hmmm I love learning something new everyday ! \ 
Especially when I have an awesome teacher :D 
I officially feel like the biggest piece of crap on Earth ... probably because I am ! 
Breakfast ... the best part of the day !!!! 
hmmm nature always has its way of calming me down ... just what the doctor prescribed ! :) 
hmmm ... i am confused ... not sure what to think of it .... 
You mmmmake me happy ! :D 
Been dazed and confused for so long it's not true ... 
\I'll do anything I can 
YAY !!! My sister is coming backk tonightttttt ! :D \ 
in the meantime ... i dont want to do work with < PROPFIRST > ... its FILES time todayy :/ 
Carrot top is fucking hilarious !!! ugly as hell ... but at least he admitted it ! lol\ 
.. not looking forward to work at 8am for an all dayy meetingg :/ 
Ready for a quick nap and hopefully after I can begin making this terrible day better ! 
ahhhh did not miss traffic on the way to school ... why does everyone gotta mess it up .. I was able to make it to school in like 20 < PROPFEMALE > :/\ 
anywayyy class was not bad at all ... today is making friends day ! :) 
... interestingg day ! andd I wont get to have any fun at all cause some ppl .... :P 
i can feel the hostility at work ... \ 
ONE LOVE everyone ! lol 
I'm just a buffalo soldier in the heart of < PROPFEMALE > ... :) 
ohhh true blood how u got me addicted ... 3rd hr straight watching true blood ... even I become surprised at some of the weirdness :D 
.... its been a much too educational day ! 
Why am I awake rightt now ??? \ 
anddd at work ... my body is in < PROPFEMALE > much painnnn ! I wanna nap ! 
its about to be nap time .... 
hmmm ppl need to hurry up .. I wanna go swimming already ! 
needs more sleeeeeep ! 
the redbull chicks need to stop coming to unlv to give out free drinks because I will end up getting a heart attack :P 
Sometimess work can be amazingggg :D \ 
even when its 7 o clock in the morningg .. \ 
treasure hunt and now time for some true blood :) 
despite my terrible headache .. I have a feeling today will be an amazingg day ! Just got the best news I could possibly hear !!! ahhhhhhh the fall is turning out even better than the summer ... as predicted by the magical horoscopes ! :P 
Awesome weekend !!!.. tho it had its ups and downs it was still amazingg ... Catalinnn come back !! 
umm I am in the mood for some chocolate and < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > :) \ 
lol perfect combination ! 
Lmao ... watching Dirty < PROPMALE > with < PROPFIRST > ! I made my own < PROPMALE > and cheese with every possible type of cheese at my house !! It was delicious ( tho not very healthy ) .. even < PROPFIRST > liked it .. even tho he constantly criticizes my cooking abilities ... he asked for his own plate ! I feel like I have achieved something in life ! :P 
lol and tonightt ... well tonight will be Looney Tunes nightt ! :) 
WoW ! I am just in amazingg mood today .. oh well tonightt\ 
I love my sister to death and I miss her too much <3 \ 
awaiting ultimate sublime ... 
wow I didnt know that finding and picking out movie times would be sooo complicated ... I am too tired my eyes need a nap right now ... 
hmmm ... not a bad day so far ... actually got enough sleep ! :) \ 
lots to do todayy ... and party tonight ... before the fun is over nexxt weekend :/ 
WoW today has been a MUCH too educational day ... in so many great and terrible ways lol 
hmmm today should be a good day ! :) \ 
starting out pretty good .... 
Delusion ( Say that the dreams don't come true)\ 
Solution ( It can take a hold of you)\ 
Conclusion\ 
Inspiration ( Is what pulls you through)\ 
\ 
... let the drummer kick ... :) 
Wow ... its like the world was on a mission to stop me from going to school ... I caught every single red light and traffic and a school bus ... got to school 20 < PROPFEMALE > late ! Well I guess I am not going to class ... there better be a reason for all this ..... 
hahahahaha sucks for all the ppl that missed it .. I got me two t-shirts and picturesss ... sucks if you were in class lol :P \ 
now time to study .. before the next test for the day 
ohhh wow ... I have been cleaning for the past four hrs ... and I am still not done .. I didn't even know there were that many things to be cleaned in the house .... I don't feel good ... break and then back to vacuuming and dusting downstairs ... :( 
hmm tonight should be interestingg ... 
last night lived up to its expectations ... very educational ... 
was i drunk last night ? i think i fell down the stairs on top of an old man ........ he was hot though , i like old men :) 
hahahaha Every day is Halloween ! 
Robertoosss ! :) < PROPFEMALE > bad and yet < PROPFEMALE > good ! hahaha 
im lost in a world of weirdness helpppp 
Putting the Nazi to work ! hahahaha 
Ahhhh what an amazingg morning ! Tho now I am just exhausted and in a need of a nap .. I am seriously thinking about escaping work .... someone resue me !!! 
Ahhh I hate it when my phone refuses to cooperate with my plans ! Its like it just doesnt want me to have fun ! It should realize I am way stronger and bigger than it and if it keeps this up ... we will have to battle it out !!! > ( ... but then again .. we both will lose if I break it ! lol 
awesome morningg so far ! not enough sleep but last night was worth it ... ANDDD I am the AV teacher at work ... cause i am that bad ass !!! who wants to come in for some training ? :D 
Ahhh I hate headaches ... hopeefully some coffee can do the job ! and < PROPMALE > is dying from a headache too ... I guess everyone is down ! 
ahhhhhhhh workk .... its been an ehhh day ! 
work . play . then party .... hopefully a nap in between 
today is starting out good ... lets hope it continues thru the dayy :) 
The house music in the room is pumping me up ... and there is nothing for me to do ... I shall continue dancing in my chair ... until someone comes back into the room :P 
its just one of those days ... 
Fuck New Jersey !!! hahahahahahah\ 
south park tells it all ! :P \ 
see Conor even south park agrees with me ! 
ohh god what did I get myself into :( \ 
ballroom it is ... 
right now it is mission impossible at work 
cannot wait for jackass tonight !!! :D 
playing hangman :) \ 
well < PROPFIRST > cannot guess so Chip and I am just giving away the answers\ 
hahahahaha 
hmm playing the waiting game ... 
ugh I still dont know what I should be for halloween ... and the halloween store just got me discouraged for all the ideas I had ... maybe I should just be an American for Halloween :) 
Not cool ... not cool at all ! 
I love the weather , ohh how I needed the rain ! Hopefully it will help me ralax and get everything off my mind for a bit ... 
Its not my birthday !!! thank you for all the birthday wished tho :) 
Cannot wait for my nap ! :) \ 
yager and fright dome tonight ... awesome combination ! 
My partner in crime needs to hurry up !!! places to go ... people to see ... costumes to be picked ... stories to be told ... :) godd I am wayy too impatient when I get excided lol 
I guess yager + public places is not that good of an idea .... last night was .... MUCH too educational ! 
I have one crazy sister ! lol\ 
I miss her and cannot wait till December .. ohh New York how I miss you too ! 
Driving the cart with J ... causing chaos on campus 
mmmm the gym somehow relaxed me and is putting me to sleep ... shower and finish homework first ... then hopefully some sweet sweet dreams :) 
wayy too cold ... mmm Chapotle might help ! :P \ 
probably should be studying right now ... but i prefer to be distracted . 
The gym made me sleepy and my muscles hurt all over but at least I am in a good mood ... hopefully today continues to work out just right ! 
Hmmm ... cleaning and then spending time with my mom :/ ... I need me some happiness right about now :) 
today has started out well ... lets hope it goes more according to plan than yesterday :) 
Tired and in pain ! I need some medication to make all this better ! lol 
told you guys it was fucking < PROPMALE > !!!! 
Wow I am an idiot ! :( \ 
not happy with myself right now ... 
You make me :) 
Come watch the show at UNLV tonight so you can see my master piece on the light board ! :) plus I want some chocolate sooo someone should bring me somee ! :D 
superrr tired ! Going home to get ready for tonight ! My European < PROPMALE > is finally here :D \ 
Readdy to party once I drink my monster !! 
Time for my nap ! Tho I don't want tomorrow to come because that would mean my other European half is leaving and I shall be alone once again ! :( \ 
but that is fine with me as long as we all do what makes us happy ... right ?! \ 
... no more drinking for me ! :p 
I want to be in dreamland , but I am stuck in reality ! maybe nap time after work ... and seeing my Catalinnn of coarse :) 
Work is NOT the place to be right now ! Happy to be off and ready to see Catalinn ! Hopefully tonight will be a good night .. 
mmmm ready for my nap time ! :) 
so gym it is :) \ 
still tired from yesterday ... NEED MORE SLEEP ! 
Let's have a toast for the douchebags , Let's have a toast for the assholes , Let's have a toast for the scumbags , Every one of them that I know .... 
playing with < PROPMALE>'s i-phone ... now I WANT ONE !!!!! 
you guys seriously need to stop doing that ! its not so funny anymore ! 
hmm today has been a productive day ! Got a lot of work done , hit the gym ( after yesterday's nonstop feast ) and got new gauges .. tonight YAGER time ! :D 
No hangover but last night is a bit fuzzy ! burger time tonighttt :D 
ahhh today is just not going well at all ! :( \ 
I need me some happiness ! 
test #3 today .. only one more to go tomorrow and then I am free ! :D \ 
counting down to New Yorkk ! <3 
Hmm idk if I should freak out or keep calm ... either way I am agitated ! Nothing to do but silence my thoughts and drown my sorrows ! Tonight should be a night to celebrate the end of this semester and a struggle for me to keep it together with all that is running through my head ! 
vodka and I still aren't friends ... it proved it to me last night and this morning ... still worth it tho ... i had fun ! :) 
Needs to start packing ..... New York here I come ... on Friday ! :D 
hmmm about to leave now ! :) \ 
bye vegas ! 
fun night .. my feet are killing me tho ! no more heels ... for the next couple of days :) 
Pretty nice relaxing day today ! :) \ 
Ate my favorite Colombian food , drove around the city and queens , saw a movie and now at home and the sister is cooking for me ! :D 
Finally getting a haircut today .. but in the meantime watching The Flintstones :D \ 
I miss the old cartoons ! Nothing like the Power Puff Girls in the morning ... 
ate delicious left over spaghetti :D \ 
about to watch some It's always < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia <3 \ 
then nap time .. tomorrow will be a fun long day ! Hope my feet recover by then :/ 
Its been a nice day ! Lots of shopping ... which could be a bad thing and a good thing :P 
so close yet so far .... 
ahhh too much walking !! My feel hurt ! a least I got my workout hahaha\ 
favorite food tonight :D 
Bang bang , he shot me down\ 
Bang bang , I hit the ground .... 
Love Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Always < PROPFEMALE > much food :D 
All I want for Christmas is .. you :) 
hahahaha tonight was the least to say ... interesting ! Cameras whiskey and a very blonde wig do not go well together ... regardless it has been documented thru all the bazzilion pictures taken :D 
SNOW !!!! :D 
WOW .. its freezing with wayyy over 14 in of snow !!! Hmmm I wish I didnt complain about having no snow at all ! 
this conversation is .. extremely educational ! WOW hahahahahahahahaha 
a little bit of music just made today a little better ... 
What is wrong with the world ?!!!?!!!? 
Gym timeeee ! :) 
:( 
mmmm had an amazing day .. relaxing and productive ! Excited for school tomorrow .. first class : YOGA ! :D 
Lunch with < PROPFIRST > Yonker ! 
Adaammm ! Finally got to see my < PROPMALE > :D 
its been a productive day ! :) 
Tired ! I cannot wait for work to be over ! < PROPMALE > is killing me !!! I need a nap ... 
Awaiting lunchtime ! :) 
After less than 5 hrs of sleep ... back to work :( \ 
I need a nap ! 
Finally off work .. no time for a nap but early dinner with the best friend before class :) \ 
Piano class tonight ! 
not feeling too good :( 
Time to practice piano till ... 
new episode of jersey shore :D 
mmm ready for my nap ! Need my blanket ! :) 
Thunder from Down Under :D 
Thank god for my sister ! <3 
Jersey Shoree night with the boys :) \ 
Johnnn where u att ? 
All I need is my blanket and a nap and today might just get a little better :) 
shitty day ! I hope the best friend can make it better at least ... 
pissed off and ready to head home :( 
Aghh this sucks .. just got paid and all that money won't even cover my tuition for this month ... :( 
In a pretty good energized mood for the two hrs of sleep I got last night ! \ 
Happy ! :) 
<3 :) ! 
leave it to the best friend to know exactly what is going on in my head ! :) 
Why is it so difficult to say it out loud ? anyway .. today sucks :/ 
the best gift on a Monday ever ! lol :D \ 
Thank you ! :) 
ahhh .. such a long day ! yet ... a great day ! lol 
Excited for tonight ! Happy Birthday to my LOVE ! :) 
Going to sleep ! Yoga tomorrow .. then hw before its due at noon .. followed by chapotle ( hopefully .. if < PROPFIRST > stops being a be-yotchh jk ) and then ..... my favorite time of the day :) 
I left 15 < PROPFEMALE > early to make sure I made it to class on time ... got stuck in a 45 < PROPFEMALE > traffic ! FML 
Bacon strips and bacon strips and bacon strips .... keepin all the haters out !!! :) 
waiting ... for the time to pass by 
let all my anger and worries out ... and now , today seems like its a good day ! 
ahhh some thinking time .... wish I could say it helped , but instead it did the complete opposite ! Put me in a place I havent been in a while ... \ 
well I am turning off the computer ( that apparently has been on all day ) and going to sleep .. another day to get through tomorrow 
there is nothing like ... FREE FOOD ! :D 
bwahaha possibly the funnies conversation I have had in a while ! Priceless ! 
I love that moment when you look someone across the room and you both have the same understanding for how annoying that sound is ! 
Aghh I am waiting for my nails to dry so i can finally go to bed ! Its been a longg day and no fun ! Always late on the news too ! hahaha oh well ... tomorrow should make up for today :) 
\You know you are ethnic if you see a deal from far away ! \ " -Carlos\ 
Bored at home .. waiting for the night to come .. 
I am sorry best friend ! :( 
The four-part cure , \ is the Greek philosopher Epicurus ' remedy for leading the happiest possible life . \ 
The Situation was on the Roast to < PROPFIRST > Trump on Comedy Central .. wow for the first time I have heard the crowd go silent the whole time he was up there .. they even Booed to get off the stage .. harsh ! 
aghh today is a good day :) 
:) \ 
Don't make me wreck shit , hectic\ 
Next , get the chair , got me goin ' like General Electric\ 
And the lights are blinkin ' , I'm thinkin'\ 
It's all over when I go out drinkin'\ 
Oh , makin ' my mind slow\ 
That's why I don't f**k with the big four , oh 
not in a good mood .... 
sometimes I wish I could control what goes on in my head :( 
too good to be true ! :) 
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music . 
:) looking forward to some time with friends ! I really need it ... helps clear my head for a bit ! Andd I get to see the bestie ! :D \ 
( ooopps I meant to say best friend ) 
aghh feel like crap this morning ... almost no sleep and actually < PROPMALE > over !!! \ 
Work needs to end . Now . 
I wish I could go back in time ... to a place that was so beautiful where I could smell the < PROPMALE > , feel the sun and the rain at the same time , hear the soft waves of the sea , feel the warm sand between my feet , see the most beautiful colors . Yet I know it will never be the same , the same faces wont be there , everything would have changed , but at times my thoughts still linger back to that place of simpler times ... 
BEER PONG Champs last night ! :D 
I love my new name :D 
