just graduated 

cannot wait till my laptop , cell and ipod get here . sept 3 corps school . hooyah 
corps school on monday , cant wait . hooyah 
hopefully comin home for some leave this weekend , test friday , gonna destroy it . hooyah 
nobody knows boring or tired until they stand watch in thnavy 
wants a 360 , has the money for it , but should i buy it just yet ? so many questions 
love weekend < PROPFEMALE > 
pickin orders on friday , lookin pretty good for spain or italy 
ohio state spanking that ass , why couldnt they have done this last week ? 
So ready to get outta here , been in illinois way to long 
To my brothers and sisters , friends and relatives who have served and are serving , I thank you w/ all of my heart . I can only hope to earn what you have earned . You will always be remembered . Thank you Veterans , Hooyah 
Graduate next friday , gonna earn that caduecus , one more month and ill be home , cant wait . clinicals 2moro . 
Home on thursday , cant wait !! 
really disapointed in big10 football , jst cant wait til Ohio State makes their statement 
I wonder who the browns will hire for head coach next 
jst wanna say thanks to everyone who wished me a happy b-day , means alot when ur so far away from home , thank you =] 
no one here will ever know boredom until there stuck on a military base w/ no way to get anywhere to do anything . any kind of communication is very appreciated 
spent the mornng watching and assisting people getting oc sprayed and doing a Military Police evolution . Wish I had my camera lol 
thank you metallica for making this day better then it was , atleast the second half of it neway 
the < PROPFEMALE > corps fitness test aint got nothin on me ! lol jst glad i didnt die from heat stroke 
that california sun , it aint no joke ! back from the field , burnt all over , tired , but got a good preview of what ill be doin in a month , oorah . 
http://corpsman52.blogspot.com/ Check it out sometime if you want 
new posts on the blog , check em out if u like . links on my < PROPFEMALE > 
so yeah , clash of the titans is overrated to the < PROPMALE > , jst sayin 
On my way to san < PROPMALE > , hopefully gonna have some fun 
Of all lifes pleasures , i find hookah to be the most .... pointless . the whole having fun part , well thats kinda not happening lol 
wish i could sleep , but no , that would be asking for too much wouldnt it ? not like i have to get up in 3 hours or anything . fml x infiniti 
2moro is the first day of my 8 week hell ( and something that I shouldve been done w/ 2 1/2 monthes ago but w/e ) . jst ready to get it done w/ 
Wakin up bright and early 2moro , the countdown to june 18 has commenced 
So much goin on , dnt know how 2 process it all ... needya lord 
Never thought i could get a shower outside , stupid socal weather . 
2moro is the start of the REAL training ... yeah ill deff need the lord more then ever during these weeks ... 
Deff plzd w/ thr browns picks so far , especially colt mccoy , keep it goin < PROPFIRST > 
GOT PROMOTED !!!!! OORAH ! test this monday , gonna pass it , 7 more weeks til washington , home in july ! 
goin to the armory 2moro , hopefully poppin off some rounds from the good ol m16 soon , oorah . 7 weeks til washington , home in july . 
Fixin up the MCCUUs , love the usmc camis , sleeves are annoying to roll tho 
Played the set for the first time in a while , it was sweet 
Jst love love love 16 hour work days .. fml ... 
Dirty , tired , exhausted , frustrated , trying to stay motivated cuz the days still not over ... june 18 cant come ne faster ! 
So according to a couple of marines , im a devil dolphin ... ok lol on watch till 22 
When the mind screams , it awakens the soul , it cleanses the spirit , it stirs the emotions in ways only the foolish or the beautiful could dream , could see unfolding right before their eyes , the great spectrum of color and sound that drenchs the senses and eases the inner being into a lucid dream . Now if our bodies would stop and listen , now that would be the greatest gift of all ... 
goin out in the field for a 2 1/2 day training evolution , 4 mile hump in the hills and the infiltration course , should be fun , cya on thursday , weekend cant come ne sooner . 
its amazing how much u appreciate the little things after kiving like a hobo for 3 days lol got a nice 3 day break before a whole week out in the field again =/ fml 
Halfway done w/ this school and its out to the fleet , and only 25 of those are work days :D lol sick tho but gonna get some meds and get thru this last month oorah . 
wishing things were better ... 
back from the field finally !... absolutley drained , TGIF 
you know how they say that when god closes a door he opens a window ?... why is it whenever i try to see out the window it just slams on my fingers ...? 
june 18 needs to get here w/ some SPEED AND INTENSITY ! ( inside joke lol ) but seriously . mcmap this week , 96 then on the range , field for finex and casas , 8 mile hump , then week after that grad . cannot wait , home for the 4th if july ! 
evil doers beware , i am now a tan belt in < PROPFEMALE > corps martial arts ! lol 
got a 4 day weekend , oorah ! graduation right around the corner baby 
Scotfest in costa mesa all day , im not scottish , but this is pretty cool lol 
Big shout out to all my brothers and sisters who are serving and who have served , thank you for everything . Oorah ! 
goin to the range 2moro , should be fun , 17 more days baby ! 
deff reminded today how much i hate being in this school , the b/s nvr stops , gone in 15 days thank god 
last time goin to the field , gone til thursday , after this week im dne baby ! week after this is grad week , june 18 ! 
Done ... week of admin and gear return and grad practice , June 18 baby ! 
cannot wait until friday , washingtons gonna be pretty sweet 
Jst graduated fmtb !! Oorah 
In seattle waitin to go to the base , its so freakin green here lol 
so yeah , its a hppy navy birthday for me , 1 year in , 4 more to go woohoo ! lol 
Having taco < PROPFEMALE > for the first time in six monthes :-D haha 
well i got my flight home , back to the 330 baby ! oorah 
lets go USA we need this 
home on friday mornin cant wait ! 
Comin home !!!! 
Finally home 
Yeah im torn apart .. idk what to do .. 
< PROPFEMALE > was here :) 
:) 
hope u have fun in miami lebron , just dont step on Ohio's heart on the way out , oh wait ... 
Fuck you lebron you arrogant < PROPMALE > 
too all my friends and family that i had time to spend w/ while i was home , thank you so much , this was the best week ive prolly had ever . i love you all , thank you and hopefully be seeing you again for christmas . 
wow do i miss home ... 
If i cant get a car soon im gonna lose it .. 
its crazy what you can learn from your dreams , got some thinking to do .. 
Cant wait til i start working shifts 
Lovin the night shift 
So yeah how bout theres a ghost on the < PROPMALE > lol pretty weird 
sunrise over the sound , Beautiful 
Y must this night drag for so looooong X/ 
so yeah i just booked me and < PROPMALE > a trip to < PROPMALE > to see ohio state spank that wolverine a$$ again !!!!!!!!!!!!! HELL YEAH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i rly wish that there were more hours in the day 
The ER , jst the way i wanted to spend my sleep time ... 
LETS GO BUCKS !!! 
i wish things were different ... i dont know if i can do this ... 
Jammin to some muse , feelin rly relaxed , seems like a long time comin 
OH SNAP !!!!!!!!!!! LOOK WHOS NUMBER ONE NOW !!!!!!! 
well atleast michigan lost , and theres still the < PROPFEMALE > bowl , and theres always next year ... 
way to go lebron for stayin true to form , and a big thank you to the celtics ! made my day haha 
how bout them cavs ! 
longest weekend of my life ... thank god its over .. time for a nice 2 day break :-D 
Put this as your status if you know someone/are related to someone who suffers from being a michigan wolverines Fan . Being a Wolverines Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for MWF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% of Wolverine fans wont repost thi ... s ... because they don't know how to copy and paste ... 
Red was an awesome movie , go see it if u havent 
God bless all my brothers and sisters all over the world serving our great country and those who have served . Thank you for everything . Happy Veterans Day 
Good job buckeyes bringin in the W 
Good game browns , helluva fight , ill take that L 
one week till im back , it shall be epic 
Of all the books ive read in my life , none has given me more joy , satisfaction , love , hope , happiness and such a good time as these all have . Thank You J.K. Rowling for < PROPMALE > Potter ! 
Good job w/ the W buckeyes , see you in < PROPMALE > next week ! 
Any suggestions for some good books to read ? 
lets see how this goes .. why , whats up ? 
McCoy and Hillis are awesome , enough said . Go Browns 
unbelievably bored .. flight leaves in 8 and a half hours , cant come sooner 
On my way to the airport 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for fucking me over on my connection to pit , nothing rly jst less time home w/ friends and family , nothing < PROPMALE > ... 
Wow < PROPFEMALE > 2for2 on the day , 3rd delay overall for me on my 2 flights , Holy crap ... 
Home finally 
Home now , hit me up if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out 
Bored at home , nebody wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Bored , nebody wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
And so it begins ... the great battle of our time ... going to Cbus , GO BUCKEYES !!! 
Idk if words can describe how awesome today was , 7 in a row baby ! GO BUCKEYES ! 
sending out sn S.O.S. , anybody wanna do anything ? 
Love how LeDouche got booed and Big Z got a standing O , they both deserve what they got . Lets Go Cavs ! 
Ledouchebag can still g2 hell 
< PROPMALE > Pelini and < PROPMALE > b Stoops . < PROPMALE > th from Youngstown , OH . < PROPMALE > th coaching in the Big 12 Championship Game . Ohio knows football 
bye bye richrod , wish u didnt have to go , you were so great to the buckeyes 
LETS GO BUCKEYES !!! O-H !! 
BUCKEYES !!!!!!!!! YES BABY YES !!! FUCK THE SEC CUZ TONIGHT IS FOR THE BIG 10 AND THE OHIO STATE BUCKEYES !!!! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is my hero 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , it really means alot to me , thanks you =] 
i wonder if this will be the first superbowl that has a rapist playing in it ? officially a cheesehead til after the superbowl 
Well im satisfied w/ the recruitng haul by the bucks , although we didnt get some guys we shouldve , we still got a good group . So congrats to the Ohio State class of 2011 
Chipotle in seattle , very satisfied 
oh yeah , green bay is doin it ! 
so lovin green bay right now 
This halftime shows a joke , other than seeing fergie lookin so good , the show was lame in my opinion 
THANK YOU GOD THE PACKERS WON ! 
All the frontrunning fans back in the 330 can finally humble themselves , theres no better feeling then vindication =] 
rly hates brown nosing ass kissers 
Buckeyes proving why there the best team in the country . O-H ! 
Well jst cuz the sweatervest got stained dont mean it cant be cleaned . Still love ya coach tressell 
Buckeyes rockin it in indy , can u say number one overall seed ? I think so 
Buckeyes Big10 tourney champs ! 
Just loves washington states one season .. wet ... not really lol 
How bout them Buckeyes ! O-H ! 
Ohio State may have lost to Kentucky , but atleast they didnt lose to < PROPFEMALE > Commonwealth LOL 
Thank you Cavs ! about time 
So i finally got a car , 06 Equinox , pretty freakin pumped ! :-D 
Black Swan = Intense 
Insidious sucked 
