Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single\ 
one of you are on my friend list is a result of a conscious decision . I\ 
am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family!Let's \ 
see who in my friend list actually pays ..... attention . Copyand paste\ 
this in your status . I will be watching to see who does4hoursago2 ... 

Hey , < PROPFEMALE > ! Thanks for the ' Not Me ' invite , but the only kid I've got is my cat ! 
Leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you know me a little or a lot , anything you remember . Don't send a message , leave a comment here . Next , leave this as your status and see how many people leave a memory about you . Leave on for 24 hours , it could be interesting what people remember 
Ugh ! I hate being sick ! 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > ! How much money did you raise ? 
One more day ' til my vacation ! Can't wait ! :) 
Hubby and I went fishing out on Swanzey Lake earlier today . Caught nothing but punk'n seed ! Must have been a school of them under our boat ! 
By myself on vacay today . Hubby had to go to work . 
Back from getting a coffee and muffin at Dunk'n Donuts and washing my car . With all the suds that got on me I could have washed myself , too ! lol 
Been out on the lake fishing and then a nice , cool swim ! Caught nothing btw ! LOL 
Just ate a whole jar of pickles ! LOL 
Back to work tomorrow . Enjoyed vacay way too much ! :) How do you go back to work when you're this relaxed ? 
You can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . I will answer you no matter what . You have my complete honesty , & the question will only be between you & and me ... Post this as your status and see what people ask you 
What does time mean to you ? How would you define it ? 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Saw a bald eagle flying aroung Swanzey lake this morning ! 
Off to church and then chior picnic afterwards ! I don't sing anymore but still considered part of the chior family ! Nice ! :) 
I am sooooo tired ! 
Anyone still in contact with < PROPMALE > Mcguire ? Can't find him on fb or anywhere else online . Anybody ? 
True friends don't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , or about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... They love you for who you are ! A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . REPOST if you are blessed ... with at least one true friend . They will know who they are ! 
Going to take some time from the computer for awhile . Probably be on every other day or so and maybe more often on the weekends . Need to take some time out for myself that isn't about virtual living ! :) 
Today is\ 
World Cancer Day - I'd appreciate it if you would post this request . \ 
93% won't repost it . A small request . Just one line . Dear God , I pray for\ 
a cure for cancer . Amen & Thank you ! 
Saw the Bald Eagle flying around Swanzey Lake again today ! 
It doesn't matter what you do or who you spend your with , it is the spirit with which you approach it that matters ! My words . . . 
The homeless go without eating ... Elderly going without needed medicines ... Mentally ill without treament ... Troops without proper equipment ... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first !!! 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts ...... to ... repost ... this !!!!!! WILL YOU ??????? 
Does anybody know how to transfer the farmvill cash you are gifted to the game ? I'm clueless as to how this works ! 
Any of my fb friends ever been to the < PROPMALE > Priory in Vermont ? Just curious . 
lost her grandfather , < PROPMALE > ( < PROPMALE > ) H . Thompson at 5:50 this morning . Prayers for me and my family , please . 
Buried her beloved grandfather today . . . He wil be deeply missed . . . . 
Going to the Joy Wah in Bellows Falls to celebrate our 9th wedding annivesary ! 
Not sure I believe in reincarnation . . . But I often wonder if I have been through this world before . . . 
BLEAH ! Feeling yucky this morning . :( 
Is having trouble figuring out her greeting card program . Can any of you local fb friends help ? 
An FYI to my fb friends : While I still get on here on occasion , I don't really have the time or energy to keep up with more than Farmville and , of course , < PROPFEMALE > pyramid when I can . Trust me when I say that I am not ignoring or avoiding you . 
I lost 1.5 lbs of body fat working out at Curves for the last month and lost a total of 2 inches ! YAY !! 
?????????????? ????? ?????????????? \ 
~ If you have wonderful friends , put this on your wall . ~ \ 
I'm privileged to have many . Thank you , for being you . \ 
?????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
God , I invite you into my everyday activities . Help me to take my bath or shower . Help me get dressed . Help me to tie my shoes . Help me to do the things I think I can do without you . Amen . 
Great news ! I lost 4lbs and 6 overall inches !!! YAY !!! 
visited and likes Cornerstone Baptist Church in Swanzey 
