is home resting after surgery . Thank you Jesus ! 

is now resting ..... Thanks to all for your prayers . 
is asleep ........ 
' s got on my Happy Face ! 
Looking forward to < PROPMALE > and Saras little one coming soon ! 
thankful for my true friends and the family God chose for me ! Nothing separates us from Gods love ! Romans 8:38 -39 
To love and be loved are the most powerful opportunities we have in this life ! Gods love will rescue you ! The love of the one you love will refresh you ! The love of true friends and family will comfort you ! Loving your enemies will set you free ! Lovi 
Happy Birthday to < PROPMALE > and Me .... First birthday without the woman that brought us into the world . We miss you so much < PROPFEMALE > ! 
another birthday come and gone ... feeling ELDERLY ! HAHAHA ! 
is happy today ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for just being YOU ! 
cleaning up the gummi bears and cheap wine from the carpets ! ( Inside Joke Guys ! ) 
\ Have you ever loved somebody so much It makes you cry ? Have you ever needed something so bad You can't sleep at night ? Have you ever tried to find the words But they don't come out right ? Have you ever ? have you ever ? \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
mourning the passing of my dear friend Nezzy . I cant wait to see you again my friend ! 
is gonna be an uncle again on Tuesday ! Guess Im next for a kid ! Nothin like buyin YOUR OWN DIAPERS , WALKER , AND FORMULA and the KIDS too ! hahahahaha ! 
is on my way to church to take out the first 7 rows ! lol So glad to be alive ! 
is chilling at home after a busy morning . Cant wait to hear from my beloved today ! 
is taking the ole ' FB \friend\ " broom and cleaning house ! " 
\Real love says \ " All that I have is yours ... \ " - < PROPFIRST > Gillenwater " 
Im an uncle again ! Congratulations < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !!!! I think I want one now !! hahaha ! 
If given the choice of having a false friend or syphilis ... Ill take the syphilis ! lol 
okay ... here it goes .... another fb friends list chopping !! I gave ya fair warning ! 
is waiting for a call from my baby ! 
can't wait to see my beloved !!!!! Off to bed !!! 
wishes nosey , pathetic people would mind their own business ! I have a VISA and can help you buy some business of your own ! 
is off to bed ! Praying for my enemies and being merciful is the RIGHT thing to do ! Goodnight all in FB land ! 
does anybody else smell chittlins ? lol 
This is gonna be an awesome week ! Mens conference , Moving and < PROPFEMALE > ! What more could I ask for ???? 
thought I was done choppin the old FB friends list ..... here it goes ! 
finished trimming the fat from my friends list .... Feeling much better now ! 
I absolutely cannot wait to see my baby Saturday !!! Deacons , hold the preacher's robe please ! lol 
Got my first aid < PROPFEMALE > , my comfortable shoes , my exercise mat .... Looks like Im all ready to go to church ! Wish me luck ! hahaha ! 
is gone to church ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
good morning friends ! 
Lying is the most simple form of self-defence . - < PROPFEMALE > Sontag 
The truth will always outlive a lie ! 
Okay ... been on a hiatus ! Seems I need to chop some more names from the old friends list ! 
is taking a stroll through the old friends list ... goodbye to all haters and waiters ( folks watching and waiting on something bad to happen to ya ! ) hahahahahaha 
Okay people ! Go to your nearest Cracker Barrel and get yourself a 3.99 jar of Wickles ! I dont even like pickles , or relish or anything of that nature , however , these are the best doggone cucumbers I have ever had in a jar ! Get yourself a case soon !!!! 
I feel great !!!!!! 
I love all of God's creation but , if these skunks ( yes , real skunks !! ) keep spraying around my house , My special prayer will be for these dudes to have a special room reserved in the PIT !!! lol 
God answered my prayers and took those little skunk vermin to the judgment ! lol 
Skunks are gang members with fur ! Its On !!!!! Skunks 2 , Errick 1 lol 
Hahahaha ! Got those little skunk vermin again ! I dont think they will be visiting my house anymore after last night ! lol 
God's been so good ! Couldn't tell it if I tried !!!!! 
Happy Birthday to Me and < PROPMALE > ! Thank you Lord for this day that you gave < PROPMALE > and Me to celebrate 38 years of life ! Thank you Lord for thoughtful parents who reared and raised us ! Thank you for the best friends and family ! Thank you ! Thank you ! Thank you ! 
Must we tell ALL of our business in our status messages ? Some things are better left unspoken and under the blood ! 
Got this from a very good friend of mine today . Loved it !!.. \It's\ 
Theres nothing in the world like having your mind freed ! Jesus saved my soul and freed my mind ! 
God , I miss my Mom today ! 
I thank God for my wonderful friends !! 
If you're looking for a sign for who and where God's people are ... See if they love each other ! 
I have the very best friends and family ! Had a great weekend with some really cool people ! 
Feeling like the most blessed man in the world ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s New Christmas CD is INCREDIBLE ! $4.99 DOWNLOAD ON AMAZON . COM !!!!! COME BACK HOME < PROPFEMALE > !!! JUST COME ON BACK HOME !!! LOL 
People , people people , Please !.. for the love of God and all that is HOLY and RIGHT .. Please keep your negative personal business off your status messages ! SOME things need to be left unspoken and underneath the blood ! Now ... back to Farmville ! :) 
\ Sometimes 
I want to go to heaven ! Nothing and nobody is worth ME missing out on seeing Jesus ! NOT now , or ever ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoonfrom your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB tilMonday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse 
400- My dear cousin , You are a beautiful soul ! You are bright , caring , strong and able to withstand anything thrown at you ! You are made of the stuff that folks talk about , aint made anymore . You are an uncommon , if not outright rare , < PROPFIRST > in the repetoire of the Hands of God ! I am so blessed to know that we are cut from that same stock and brand ! Good things DO come from our people ! 
Im Playing a game for the first time on facebook .. I was told you inbox me a number , any number not a phone number or personal one just a number you make up , and i go on my < PROPFEMALE > using that number to tell you what i think of you ! 
22- You are such a bright < PROPFEMALE > ! Its amazing to see how youve grown up right before my eyes , into such an incredible young woman ! Im so proud of you and am excited about your future ! I love you so much and I thank YOU for the love you give back ! 
69 - Now you know we go wayyy back ! You have shown me and < PROPMALE > so much love through the years ! Our mother loved you and your family so much ! You are an amazing mother and a treasured friend ! Thank you for that most precious gift ! 
5986- I havent known you long , but I think you are one of the coolest people Ive ever met ! You are so talented and < PROPFEMALE > yourself with so much dignity ! Your children are blessed to have a mom like you and I am blessed to consider you my friend ! 
7087594 - Thank you for being a loyal friend and for being there for me ! Your daughters have a wonderful opportunity to be able to learn from you ! Stay with Jesus ! He can do everything you need Him to do for you ! 
36- Ive had the great privilege of knowing you , loving you , growing with you , and its been a wonderful journey ! Thank you for sharing your heart with me ! 
1974 - You are a very giving person . Your kindness and generosity is touching and motivates me to want to give more , do more , be more . Its an honor to know you ! 
When any thing or any one becomes more important than Jesus , its time to let THAT go too ! 
Im so thankful for my incredible friends ! I truly love you all ! 
\ ... For whoever does the will of my Father in heaven is my brother and sister and mother . \ " ( < PROPFIRST > 12:46 -50 ) " 
2 < PROPFIRST > 4 ... what do you do when everyone else is trippin ? 2 < PROPFIRST > 9 ... Limp your butt to the < PROPMALE > s table anyway ! The < PROPMALE > aint worried about who dropped you , he just wants to take care of you ! Thank you Jesus ! 
Identity is EVERYTHING ! 
Proverbs 27:7 \ 
A person who is full refuses < PROPFEMALE > , but even bitter food tastes sweet to the hungry . ( NLT ) We cant blame folks who are lost , or sick , or distressed for having a messed up appetite ! Just give them Jesus , already !!! 
Oh How I love Jesus .... Thank you for everything Father ! 
Sending LOVE this Valentines Day to all of my loved ones ! 
THE NEXT PERSON THAT POKES ME IS GONNA GET A SPECIAL TALKIN TO ! PLACE YOUR BETS ! LOL 
okay ... to my thousand fans who like to send POKES ( lol ) I have carefully gone to a secret location to select a blind date for each of you which will show up at your door this Friday at 7pm . Nothing but the best for you !! lol 
Feb 27th .... 4yrs with my heart device ! Go glad to be alive ! Ive got things to do ! 
Thank You , < PROPFEMALE > ! \ 
When I look back over my life\ 
and I see all the things the Lord's brought me through ;\ 
been through trials , sickness , and suffering , \ 
I thank the Lord , He's blessed me still . \ 
I could have lost the faith\ 
and I could have fell from His grace ;\ 
now I can say , that I'm still here\ 
and it's by the grace of God ! 
