Omg watching paint dry is more entertaing than the super bowl ... The half-time show was pretty cool though .... ya gotta love the who 

Haha I love it when I get my way XP 
I'm stalking laura-kins ........ she'll never know .... shhhhhhh 
I miss how things used to be =( 
Ughhhh Some people should just be eaten when there born ! 
Uggh I have to write a 3 < PROPFEMALE > paper by tomorrow ! I probably should've started sooner ...... lol 
Am I stupid to even consider this ? Ughhh thinking this much hurts =( 
I keep telling myself it's only three more years but I don't think I can make it ... 
Wow that's some talent ! No matter how good of a mood I'm in you can always ruin it with just a few words . Good for you ! 
Uggh my cousin is an IDIOT !!!! 
Dentist in the morning ... I actually have to get up before noon ... ugh the horror !! 
Haha I've reached a new level of procrastination .... putting off doing a paper that's already over do .. 
Anybody know when the TKM paper for english is due ? 
God facebook is distracting ..... at this rate I'll never have my paper done >_< 
is thinking that somedays it's not even worth chewing through the restraints ... 
Whenever I'm sad I just imagine if babies were born with mustaches ... 
Makeing a cd for my bro , his birthday is tomorrow so be sure to annoy him ! 
Ughhh after a day like today I think it's time to break out the VooDoo dolls ... 
Wow People are so fake ... 
For a second I wish the tide would swallow every inch of this city , as you gasp for air tonight . 
Ughh I feel horrible ... I'm going to kill < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! 
Just got done talking to him and I miss him already ! :( 
I've decided I'm going to give you one more < PROPMALE > ... of course you don't know that you screwed up in the first place there for you do not need the second < PROPMALE > but I'm giving you one so don't do it again . Please . lol I need to lay off the med's ... 
Your such a liar I hope you catch diseases from that dirty whore ! I can't belive I was so stupid ... 
I'm over it . I was too good for you anyway XD 
Tonight's the night the world begins again ... 
Well I'm not dumb but I can't understand why she walks like a woman an talks like a man . Oh < PROPFEMALE > , L.O.L.A < PROPFEMALE > 
It's getting closer ... I'm kind of scared of how she will react ... I just hope it's easier this time :/ 
I hate him ! Summer won't be over fast enough ! 
Noooooooooo ! I don't wanna wait for chapter 81 !!! I WANNA KNOW NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Here comes the sun Doo Doo Doo : D 
Took a walk in the rain ... My head feels so much clearer 
Can I get your hand to write on , \ 
Just a piece of led to bite on , \ 
What a night to fly my kite on , Do you want to flash a light on\ 
Take a look it's on display for you :) 
Yay ! I thought I broke my thingy then I googled how to fix it and it's all better ! I love the internet ! 
Haha giant jesus burned down ! lol How's that for irony ? 
... You ever feel like your the only sane one left ? 
You try to keep me in this box , seperating me from the world and anything that makes me happy . Just when I start to see a little light shine through the cracks you go and black it out . Congraulations , you win . I quit . I'm done trying to be happy . 
I have to go to the thyroid doctor tomorrow =( I hate that idiot . I have no idea how he ever became a doctor . Hopefully I'll finally get taken off the meds . 
Well the doctor said that if my blood test comes back normal then I can stop taking them ! He doesn't think they will but what does he know ? It's my body ! =) 
I'd like to see our roles reversed , to see you < PROPFEMALE > on every word , I'd like to see you have your way . 
Haha you know what's fun ? Going on urban dictionary and searching peoples names . I did mine and some of them sounded exactly like me others said I was a slut ! lol I love that site =) 
It's hard to respect someone who gets drunk , gets sick , and then expects sympathy . I hate it when people drink in general . It's disgusting and you know it's going to make you sick so why even do it ? I will never understand how people think . Or rather don't . 
I love the old spice commericals ! That guy is sooooo hot ! 
Spending the night at Drea's tonight . Her party is gonna be funnnn :) 
Ok so apparently my boyfirend is fucking crazy . He texted me at 1 this morning saying he wanted to break up and that he was going to kill himself . About 5 minutes ago < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > called and said he jumped off his roof , broke a few ribs and almost punchered his heart . Why do I always get the crazy ones ? 
Somedays all I do is watch the sky ... 
Hmm can't decide which to watch , The Ring , or The Grudge . They're both kinda dumb maybe I'll just watch Nightmare on Elm Street ... Again 
I'm inexplicably happy today ... 
Went to the pool with < PROPFIRST > and Retards 1 , 2 , & 3 . Had a blast but now I look like a lobster . The sun is not nice to the albino kid :( 
Went shopping today . Got a couple pairs of earrings and a dress . 
The whole world is watching , We haven't come this far to fall off the earth . 
Went to the mall today . Got some school clothes and my cartilage pierced . lol 
ugghh . I gots a splitting headache . I think I'll try to get some sleep . Nighty ~ Night =) 
Why don't I ever take my own advice ... or advice period ? 
I really hate to say this but , I can't wait untill school starts ! There , I said it . Mock me if you wish V.V 
Got my schedule :\ 
1 Algebra II- Hutch\ 
2 Healthy Living-Frank-getting it changed because I didn't sign up for it =( 1st sem . \ 
Gym-Adams 2nd sem . \ 
3 French II- Curtin\ 
4 Media- McGhee\ 
5 Wuss 10- Karns\ 
6 English- Hough\ 
7 Chemistry- < PROPFIRST > 
Morning ! You know it's gonna be a good day when you wake up and \Like A Boss\ " is playing XD . See you soon ! " 
Did not have a good day at all =( I feel like I'm going to lose it ! 
You and I in a little toy shop\ 
buy a bag of balloons with the money we've got\ 
Set them free at the break of dawn\ 
' Til one by one , they were gone 
Ahh every things better with Less Than < PROPMALE > :) 
My uncle passed away earlier this evening ... 
Well it's finally over , but I don't think our family will ever be the same . R.B.J you're loved and missed dearly . 
My momma just poked me in the eye >.< Owwwwie 
Welp my foot hurts like a bitch , got x-rays last night and they think it might be broken but they won't know until the results come back . I'm syuck at home for 2 days minnimum . Ughhh =( 
Foot's still swollen and it's starting to bruise all over . I might not make it back to school tomorrow =( 
I am seriously lacking in social interaction lately >.< 
Anybody know what the algebra 2 homework is ? :3 
I'm so freaking happy it's friday =D 
One day , I'll tell you how truley amazing you are but for now , I'll just let you try and figure it out yourself . 
Gahhh >_< French you will be the death of me ! 
Had so much fun last night ! I love my girls < PROPFEMALE > much ! <3 
Going to wal-mart with my dad soon . 
I'm soooo cold it's not funny =( 
You know you're loved when everytime you look at your horoscope it says \secret enemies are eager to spread rumors about you\ " :) " 
Well I can't help but be scared a little sometimes , But the rain's gonna wash away , I believe it . 
I'm so sick of stupid people running their mouths . Deffinatly not looking forward to tomorrow . =( 
Somethimes perfection can be perfect hell . 
Happy Halloween ! <3 
Nooooo balls =) 
I feel sick . I hope stupidity isn't contagious ! 
It's funny how someone who used to be so important , turns into a distant memory ... 
Ain't I a stinker XD 
Ehh screw it lol , Like my status and I'll give you a like and , ... wait for it .... a dislike ! So orignal I know XP 
I try to stay on one path , the path I think is right , then I get turned around and hit a brick wall . FML 
Love . The kind you clean up with a mop and bucket ;) 
Just took a nap with my < PROPFEMALE > cat :) 
I absolutly love < PROPFIRST>'s Mannequin ! 
Someone should most deffinatly take me to the Hawthorne Heights show on the 26th . Pweety pweeaaase * bats eyelashes * =3 
I drank your poison , because you told me it was wine ... 
Nighty-Night :) 
Think how snug it'll be underneath our flannel , when it's just you and me and the english channel . I <3 Sweeny < PROPMALE > ! 
Ahhhh it's freazing balls in here ! 
ahhh some people just need to take a loooooong walk down a short pier . 
It all amounts to nothing in the end . 
You think I'd know better by now ... 
Alright , I'll be a conformist ... Send me a number ? :) 
187- My little mexican ! Even though you're a man whore , I love you :) 
1340- I freakin ' miss you ! I remember last time you came over we freaked my parents out with that ask < PROPFIRST > thing . lol It was priceless . We really need to < PROPFEMALE > out soon ! Love you cousin :) 
If you fall I will catch you , I'll always be waiting . Time after time ... 
Ahhhh thinking hurts ! >.< 
must study ... must study ... Ohhhh look , I got a notification ! <3 
ughhh is break over yet ? 
I gots a new phone so message me your number if you want . 
Gotta go to the doctor soon ;/ 
Went to the movies and got subway with my brother ... I think hell has frozen over . 
Close your eyes and make believe , this is where you wanna be ... 
Going to < PROPFIRST > Hopper's house soon , nothing like ringing in the new year with the people you love :D 
It's funny , when you meet someone , you have no idea how important they'll become to you . 
There's so many things that I want to say to you , but I don't know how ... 
Hey you dang woodchucks ! Quit chuckin ' my wood !!!!!! 
I'm amazed at how fake people can get . Has anyone heard of originality ? 
Thank you School for waiting to call until I'm already up and in the shower . You suck :p 
They say if you love someone you should set them free . If that's true then should we just keep the ones we hate chained up in our basements ? 
Damn it I love you , but you're unkind . 
I'm thinking we REALLY need a snow day :P 
I'm going to be really mad if we have school tomorrow . 
Ferris Bueller is the man . 
It probably would've been better to keep it to myself , but I don't regret it . 
I love Pandas , they're so chill . \ 
They're like \Dude 
Craaaaaaaap . 
Gahhh this poem is killing me ! 
Power , please don't die . I quite enjoy heat . 
I love the cranberries <3 
Hey .... I see you , Why are you hiding ? Come out and play . I have < PROPFEMALE > ... 
It's gonna be a long night . 
Just let me hold you while you're falling apart <3 
I'm only this way because of what you have made me . 
I really want a cookie :D 
