relaxin in morristown . ready drink with everybody lol 

Im a private im not paid to think , but if ya really want to know then im thinkin about tobbacco and P.T. 
i'm gay 
Pain cus I got a f'd up hip . Then Harden alwas motavates me to go to the gym and shit so im always sore ....... Asshole 
Im bout to graduate MOS school final Nov . 5th . Ill be a fleet < PROPFEMALE > hopefully ill get deployed soon . And really do something for my friends , family and country 
waitin to be fuckin deployed 
Fuckin hatin life . I just want fuck somethin up or myself thats always fun 
Im going destroy san < PROPFIRST > tx , for my younger brother weddin lol . Fuck 9 mile runs im going for 15 
Feeelin fuckin great ! The drive down and back from San < PROPFIRST > really sucked tho . lol . It was damn worth it tho . I completly plan on makin another trip down A.S.A.P. I think everybody should see this place 
I ran to much yesterday now I got a big ass knot on the bottom of my foot . Lol . Damn my flat ass feet . Oh well I reckon ill try runnin on it anyway lol 
I think its hilarous that some of these bastards cant understand my country ass accent lol . Ya think thay'd catch on after its been so damn so long lol . 
Excited as hell i might get to make a weekend trip home to see my new niece 
Didn't get to go back home well shit there will be a next time 
Sweet muther of God . I got to stay in this God forsaken place for fuckin Easter . This is that fuckin bullshit . Holy Christ , what the hell God ? 
Im thinkin beer 
....... Gym ... Running ... Gym again .... Sleep ..... Repeat 
Decided I like smokin to much to quit . So ill just wait till I feel hurtin before I quit . 
final went to the beach for the very first ever , also bein my very first time being completly hammered on the beach lol . See kil't two birds with one beer bottle 
Just really fuckin pissed ............. 
Apprently , my new platoon thinks I have an attitude problem lol . Oh well , I know my momma didn't raise me to be a kiss ass . Im sorry I like being me . I really dont give a shit what anybody else thinks about me . Im not sorry for bein an asshole , Im not sorry for me bein me 100% of the time . I love my attitude , cus it makes me me . So if you cant handle or stand me being me then GO FUCK YOURSELF , cus I dont give a shit . 
Ready to back home and see my niece for once . Maybe ill be able to during this 96 comin up for memorial day 
drinkin and taliken aint good it you say fucker'ed up it lo sh 
it supppose to say fucker'ed up shit .... lol . but it hard to spell at the moment 
I got stop drinkin so much . Im bout to start rockin the beer gut hahaha 
Yup I drank again , but not as much as yesterday lol . Nothing new happened today . Other we had to fielday everything ( clean ) . I think all this demotavating shit makin me want to turn into alcholic ........ 
damn pft tommorrow lol and of course ill get a high 1st class becouse im the shit lol 
Patroling , patroling and guess what more patroling with a 5mile hump on friday . This is a great week ... Then myturl beach saturday day ..... I wonder if I'll be sleeping in some bushes again lol 
Long ass boots and uts run today , and flack with sapyplate and kevlar pt tommorrow its so awesome ...... fuck my life lol .... damnit 
Fuckin ready to go home friday finally see my niece . Its been half a year since iv been home . Cant wait to see my family , then soon after gettin really hammered with them lol 
Cant wait till tommorrow im finally going home lol . So everybody be ready for me .... WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
fuck my life its time to head back to reality tommorrow and im positive that im not ready to go back I need more time with my family man . You really dont realize how much you actually miss people until you leave them behind ............ OH WELL time to train . 
Back from the nic course .... that fuckin sucked but my squad finished 1st so its all good . Yea and fuck some damn cs gas holy shit . LOL . my face is burn't . Land Nav was good shit tho lol . I love walking threw waist high swamps lookin for a < PROPFEMALE > box in the dark 
Can tell he is going to bored as hell this weekend 
ok .......... i got very drunk last night . that was a bad idea lol 
Well yet again iv been placed into a different company . So now I got to get know a new group of people . I think im just lost my motavation to give a fuck ............... Wow and they wonder why i get so balligerant . 
July hurry and get here this guy is ready to come home . Hey if < PROPFEMALE > wanting to < PROPFEMALE > out and your not < PROPMALE > or jordie let me know something ahead of time 
Just found out one of the family dogs ' cow ' was fuckin killed by some heartless piece of shit . They didn't even stop . How would you like it if someone hit you with a car and left < PROPFEMALE > ass for dead . I cant stand animal abuse ...... Let me catch a mother fucker try that shit . 
Raisin hell in the great state of tn lol . Slammin southern monsters like a rockstar ... its good to be home 
Wondering if my battle < PROPMALE > back on base is haavin anywere near as much as me 
I just want to say fuck you fat mother fuckers that think < PROPFEMALE > the shit cus ur bigger then me and the rest of smaller guys like me and jordie . Will whoop < PROPFEMALE > ass ..... btcheeeessss 
Back on base o'joy ....... 
Really noticing how boring my life is I work then go to the gym and sleep . Thats all I do and thats about all I have time for . Not that it matters anyway nobody likes to call and talk to me any how . If I dont call you guys then Ill never hear from you .... then you say im the one bein shady ...... I dont exactly understand that conclusion but tell yourself what makes you feel better 
Iv'e decided its probably a bad idea for me to be drunk and play on facebook . Mostly cus I have a very uncaring mouth that I dont really try to control . Then when I drink I get louder and more loose to the lips . Im not sayin I care that I do it but Ill think about doing it for the people who have PG-13 rated mouths lol . Oh if that describes you then your a f**kin f*g lol 
I had a lot of fun at the beach . I love diving into the tides then riding it back to shore lol . Ooooooow and skim boring that shit hurts lol . Good time tho . 
So swimming is a very dangerous thing for me .... well it is when im in a pool anyway . So I definitly didn't hit my once but twice before I figured out that I should probably stop swimmin . So now I got a big knot on my forehead and also a patch of hair missing right above my forehead . Ill make sure to post a picture later so ya'll can get < PROPFEMALE > laughs in lol 
Got a new tat , yup got it right were everybody could see it . 
So I think maybe I should calm down from going to beach all the time . Its kinda expensive to but I hate stayin the bricks all the time its pretty depressing . So I got to figure out what to do for fun instead of going to the beach ......... 
Freakin bored and there nothing left for me to do 
Hey everybody I finally got my replacement phone so im going to need everybodys number again so send them to me 
Gettin antzy about the new movie expendables movie thats about to come friday . Its truely going to be mantastic . lol . 
thinks he should work on his stomach some more 
God why is it so hard to wake up in the mornin and so hard to go to sleep at night 
Great news for all real men . The Mantastic movie Expendables comes out tommorrow . Its time to get shit housed and drag ur woman with you to watch this movie for all the girly movies she made you watch 
Southern monsters help ensure a great weekend again lol .... great tymes . On a sadder note im bout to turn 23 . Im really not likin the whole gettin old part 
Just got out of the field today which it was good shit . And makes you realize just how good showers really feel lol 
Well its been a couple of days since iv been to the gym so i will definitly get up a little early just to do 
has been doing a lot of field traning and lovin every bit of it . Besides not getteng to bath every day , but thank God for baby wipes 
This is going to be an extremly boring weekend oh fuckin well ............ damn it 
Well today is my brothers last day as a civialian tommorow he stats his time as an USAirman but at least his going speail ops so he wont a pog ass bitch like most USAirman 
Well got another field op tommorow 
Ive really realized how many friends from back home I really dont have ..... Hell they dont even try to keep in touch . But at least < PROPMALE > , Jordie , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Hippie ... thanks guys ya'll real friends to keep in touch with me even tho you almost never get to see me .... I appreaite it 
Went to the gym to start my mornin damn i feel good 
Well I just got back to base from holiday leave which was great 
Got to get my motavation back so my workouts feel more like workouts 
FML I got to be up around 3 to start a 6mile hike . Wow this is going to be really gay .... Hopefully its the only we have to do tommorrow 
Is unusally happy for now 
I love playin the woods but when your lookin for a piece of gear about the size of a pack of smokes for hours then shit just gets stupid 
I believe the next two weeks will be a break off cus we got to pt and then go straight to mcmap . Good times ........ 
blah ... blah blah blah .... fuck 
I wish I was still 21 damn I sure am gettin old 
Yay guys I sooo get to do more simperfo tommorow , isn't that just soooo exciting 
so now i have adrive for a couple days which also means ill be really early and gettin off really late awesome 
Stress stress stress stress ...... a little more stress . Fuck it let people be people . No matter how good something looks from the outside there is always somethin wrong on the inside . And its just waiting for the perfect time to fall apart 
Is there anybody at < PROPFEMALE > beach right now besides me 
Lettin a cold whoop my ass . 
Well I thought I was going to go to tn , but again I am wrong FUCK FUCK FUCK . I almost made then with my so great luck I was told to return to base 
Yay I get to make stuff go BOOM tommorrow . Im so excited 
wow what a great weekend all i did was sit in my room drink beet and fuck with my playstation . isnt life just grand ........ not really i thought so savin money is a bitch 
jack3d off today it was great . I think taking it before workin out is a great idea .. YES 
HELL YEA !!!! About to head to TN 
So I got out of the field today and caught a cold , and tommorow I head to the twlight zone \Morristown\ " that I call home hopefully not everybody is working like iv heard so far .... damn you economy damn you to hell " 
Fuck customer service machines . They need to get rid of that shit it dont help anybody . Its like they put it there to piss everybody off 
Havin the most boring weekend every . Shoulda went out with the boys last night , but I decide to save money . ...... Great choice besides the part where I notice every second go bye ...... 
Yay for fast roping from heilos boo for fucking your ankle up in the process 
Fuck you ankle 
Thanks ankle how did you know i didnt want to sleep tonight , your fuckin awesome man hahaha ..... bitch 
Just wanna go home and see my little niece Marley and of course < PROPFEMALE > and the family . Happy 1st bday Marley 
So some guy I know tripped on his crutches today only thing that would have made it funnier would be if it wasnt me 
weekend = beer which also = epic smelly beer shits 
Wednesday wednesday wednesday 
Going home tommorrow .... YES ! Im gonna be home till round march 10th time frame so any suggestions what I should do . If yes send those my way ... It should be a givin that Im gonna be drinkin fucked up ankle or not man . Im cuttin loose for a bit and enjoying myself anybody enterested in joining me haha . If so holler at me 
Not lovin home time .... I forgot how easily I get bored 
Fuck man .... havin a fucked ankle sucks . All I want to do is walk around my ankle feels fine . I feel like a little panzy for not walkin on it 
Damn you spicy sweet chili doritos ,,, cant stop eating them ... so crunchy and tasty 
iching foot cant reach to scracth .... damn you cast 
Hope the doctor tells me some good news tomorrow ... Hopefully ill have better luck then I usually do ... Please lord I need this deployment 
breakfast : spicy burrito followed by cinamon toast crunch 
Some reason im glad I dont smoke anymore ... I miss them tho ... Its like I let a piece of myself go .... 
Just got the P90X in the mail . I gonna try and start using it tommorrow hopefully ill be able to with this damn cast on 
Fuck Yoga ... Shit sucks so bad 
Fuck you PizzaHut your 40 mins late 
