Watching MJ's Memorial and his videos on demand over and over and over again . 

I love SUMMER !! Yall know were to find me ... the pool tanning . 
I am sooo happy people are buying houses again ... Or shall I say getting mortgages again with a little twist . 
Up already working on contracts and closings . Im sooo excited I get to meet < PROPFEMALE > Angelou today !!! 
Mad because it is too cool to swim !!! 
Raining again ... 
I forgot to watch SO U THINK U CAN DANCE !! Who won ? 
In the studio making beats and tripping ... Or should I say the second bedroom . LOl 
Glad today is over ... Trying to close on property and getting ready for the < PROPFEMALE > Trunk Show . 
I am < PROPFEMALE > glad I had absolutely nothing to do today . So I have been resting . But now i'm bored !! 
Blessed im able to remove myself from DRAMA !!! For some its too late ... 
I finally fixed my moms name on here !!! I hope all the family is HAPPY now !!! lol 
THERES NO SNOW ON THE SOUTHSIDE !!! 
Well its snow outside so the City is shut down ... I am soooo bored . 
Im addicted to Reality TV !!!! 
For the Love of < PROPFIRST > J was crazy tonight !!!! She tried to play < PROPFIRST > ... 
Just getting from < PROPMALE > Ailey ... It was F-A-B-O-L-O-U-S !!!!! 
Sad about the death of one of my favorite designers ... 
Sad about one of my favorite designers < PROPFIRST > McQueens death ... 
Wanting February to be over !!! 
? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ? •°``°• . ¸ ¸ . •°``°• . ¸ ¸ . •°``°• . ¸ . ? HAPPY VALENTINES DAY ? °• . ¸¸ . •°` `°• . ¸¸ . •°` `°• . ¸¸ . •° ? ?? ?? ?? 
I had so much fun Sunday at the 1st NC Rumble ... It was all about the SHWAAAAAM ... Dem boyz betta work ... I miss the good times with my Mizrahi family !!!... \ And thanks < PROPFIRST > for my new word \ " the situation is ... \"" 
I had so much fun Sunday at the 1st NC Rumble ... It was all about the SHWAAAAAM ... Dem boyz betta work ... I miss the good times with my Mizrahi family but I dont miss stayn up til 5am and I left early !!!... Im still resting and now its the CIAA !!! And thanks < PROPFIRST > for my new word \the situation is ... \"" 
Finally caught up on my rest from the CIAA ... Next event DC for the PARTY !!!!! 
Ok ... Friday night and its storming ... im bored 
I wanted to thank everyone for the B Day shout outs !!!! I am truly loved ... LOL Sorry it took so long trying get back on schedule from fight weekend in Vegas for my b Day ... pics coming soon !!! But , not all cause still ... what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas ... 
Time to start my weight challenge . Got one of the best trainers in < PROPFEMALE > trying to get me right !!! But she could only fit me in at 6:45 in the a m . OMG ... I have like 4 people to wake me up . Trying to be like KQ Smith ... Where you at . Get at me with before Sunday , Heading to Miami !!! Baby . You know how I do now !!!! Life is GREAT !!!! 
OMG !!! I made it ... But ended up late to work . That was expected . LMAO !!!! 
Back from Orlando ... had so much fun sunning and relaxing and shopping ... Its fun being me ... Now its back to the fit world . Looking forward to Friday with my trainer @ 6:45 again . 
OMG !!! My trainer tried to kill me today . She must really hate my swimsuit pics !!! LMAO ... she said I dont look like a tankini girl to her . She is right it messes up my tan lines !!! Ok so next year I will be right ... After seeing her I today I have been in bed watching Grown Ups not able to move . 
OK .. I am proud of myself , my hard work is paying off .. My pool buddies said I looked like I lost weight . Shout out to my personal trainer and my private dancer . LMAO 
I officially became an adult today !!! LMAO !!! I spent $225 at Walmart and was in there for like 1.5 hours !!! For yall that know me , know that is < PROPFEMALE > not me ... Eating healthy is a b ! tch !!! 
Everything happens when it is suppose to ... and the law of attraction is manifesting in my favor now !!! So for all of you who are going through things ... Keep your eye on where , who and what you want to be . 
I am still up waiting as they pull up the miners in Chile ... This is an amazing rescue . Thank God they are in good health when they are coming up .. 
Finally the last miner is rescued . Thank God ... I have been watching this since last night !!!!! \Dios bendice a los mineros \"" 
Ok so my trainer was mad that I had not worked out since Thursday .. She had me running at speed 7 ... Now for yall that know me I aint EVER ran at that ... All I could think about was me falling while the treadmill was running , hitting my < PROPFEMALE > , and the belt continuing to hit me over and over and over again . 
You know ... I hate when BOYS !!! tell people they dated you , when they know they would not have a < PROPMALE > in Hell !!! Correct me if I am wrong , but does meeting a BOY out with other friends but never one on one count as a date . NOT !!! 
I have to get some motivation from somewhere today ... I don't even feel like seeing my trainer and I can't find my running shoes ! 
Just saw For Colored Girls ... It was good and nothing like i've ever seen before . Ummmm I have got to do some research to find out what COLOR I am !! 
A time to embrace , And a time to refrain from embracing ; A time to seek , and a time to lose ; A time to keep , and a time to throw away ; A time to tear , and a time to sew ; A time to keep silence , and a time to speak ; A time to love , and a time to hate , A time for war , and a time for peace . ~ Ecclesiastes 3:1 -8 
For everything there is a season , And a time for every matter under heaven : A time to be born , and a time to die ; A time to plant , and a time to pluck up what is planted ; A time to kill , and a time to heal ; A time to break down , and a time to build up ; A time to weep , and a time to laugh ; A time to mourn , and a time to dance ; A time to throw away stones , and a time to gather stones together ; 
Technology is a bitch ... You know its crazy when you have to get out of bed put on lip gloss , earrings and clothes to get prepared to Skype ! 
< PROPMALE > J needs to loose that stomach if he is going to wear heels ! I need him to complete his haute couture look . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my family and friends ... Since I am in healthy-weight loss mode , I have to say this an interesting Thanksgiving dinner . Its all good I have to fit into a dress tomorrow that is super fitted . Reminder to those who are going with us , don't forget the party tomorrow is the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > downtown . 
I dont know about that last award ... I like < PROPFEMALE > 
Damn I got called a superhero !!! Im getting shape but wow !!! LMAO 
Omg !!!!!!! In less than 24 hours I had a bug in my popsicle and a flat busted tire . So the rest of the week will be perfect . 
My < PROPFEMALE > Claus came to town today !!! Yeahhhhh 
I cant believe its snowing !!!!! 
Im over here LMAO because it is on CNN that < PROPFIRST > has a 10,000 stripper shortage to accommodate Superbowl fans ... Everybody get your heels and thongs and head to < PROPFIRST > !!!!. 
Im so happy !!!!!! 10 more pounds from my stretch goal weight !!!! 
It's like thousands of people here for CIAA ... went to Neimans and dudes had there drivers lined up outside ... the ballers are definitely in the < PROPFEMALE > City ... Heading to < PROPMALE > Ghantt tonight \Girl you be killing them\ " in fabolous voice !!!! " 
We went H.A.M. last night .... time to start the day in about 4 hours will be heading to the day party .... 
