is really bored today 

is happy to be alive lol 
waitin ............ 
is a little dissapointed that he didnt get the new job 
doesn't feel like working .... 
workin hard on the new bod ! lol 
Brantley should be born soon due date the 6th ........ gettin ready for my first and last kid ... lol 
Tired ..... not getting much sleep with my baby being born on the 11th . Brantley Michael-Eugene Consalo . Very healthy , lots of fun . 
Enjoyin vacation with my wife < PROPFEMALE > in anchorage and goin to the < PROPFEMALE > Wars Exhibit ! 
Workin on getting into the federal system as an employee after being a contractor for a year . My daughter < PROPFEMALE > is graduating from kindegarten tonight . Feel so old lol . 
Trying to decide if supplements are the way to go ........... don't wanna spend the money . 
My diet today ... Chicken Parm with some mashed potatoes and corn lol . 
Got my background check done and my driving record . Ready to get back into the fire company CAN'T WAIT ! 
Back day ...... gotta drop back down to Strength Endurance from Maximal Strength ....... 4 weeks 
See my wife < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > to see more pictures . 
Lovin life and my wife .... my inspiration , my lover and my friend . 
Gonna eat lunch in this beautiful Alaska weather with my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > lol .... 
Finaly got back into a fire company/emergency medical service ... super siked ! 
Happiness is a decision you make , not an emotion you feel . 
Can't wait till my co-worker gets back from vacation so I can talk to an adult at work lol . 
God doesn't bless mediocrity . God blesses excellence . 
Personal training business should be ready for launch in two weeks ! Pretty siked ! 
Happy birthday to me . Yey 27 
Back at my old job and lovin the computer access lol ! 
Just went to my myspace < PROPFEMALE > and got confused since it looks exactly like facebook lol weird ........ 
God is pretty funny sometimes ....... 
Won some movie tickets on the radio ! Fun way to start your day on the way to work ! 
Signing up my second client for Oct . gotta get some more marketing done before i start my EMT 1 class Oct . 3 
Ready for a trip to do some real fishing in Valdez this weekend ! 
After watching the VMAs I realize why my parents used to always say \They don't write music like they used to\ " . Now I feel old lol " 
Can't wait to spend the weekend with my beautiful wife and three great kids ! Yey Lt . < PROPFIRST > Band lol 
My Mom has made me\ 
laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me\ 
fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and drove me crazy at times(\ 
alot of the times =) . Moms are a promise from God that you will have a\ 
friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your Mom , whether\ 
......... she's here with you or in heaven . I love you mom 
I'm sad that I don't get an ALaska PFD yet . :( 
Its snowing in Alaska , glad I put on my snow tires last week ! 
Excited that I get to see my mom for the first time in a couple years next month and she gets to meet Brantley on his 1st B-Day ! 
Bliss Fitness and Training business cards are on the way , one step closer to my big New Year's fitness launch . 
You must conceive it in your heart and mind before you can receive it . 
If you will change your thinking , GOD can change your life . 
If you'll persevere ...... God will open doors for you . 
< PROPFIRST > Does not vote .... go ahead ask me why LMAO 
VEGAS baby ! Kareokee or however you spell it , last night .......... shopping and drinkin tonight ! Celebratin the wife's B-day goin to the best steakhouse ever ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > baby ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > happy b-day ! 
Lots of walking done , ready to eat and go listen to one of our favorite Vegas cover bands , The Crashers ! Can't wait to see my boy Beemer on Thursday ! 
Thinks he's trying to do too much before the end of the world .... 2 years ? lol 
Leg day yey ! Ready for my beautiful wife to come back home ... Miss you baby ! 
The Bible compares the tongue to the rudder of a huge ship . Although that rudder is small , it controls the direction of the entire ship , and , in a small manner , your tongue will control the direction of your life . 
Behind every great man , is a greater woman yelling at him lmao 
Started a new workout with MY trainer this week .... more tired then I've ever been in my life ... gotta love the hypertrophy phase ! 
Hope everyone has a safe and fun New Year's ... goin to my first hockey game tonight .... heat wave in Alaska 22 degrees , 60 degrees warmer than last weekend LMAO ... 
I just added a new blog post ! Check it out : http://vsta.pr/ej4CgK via #microbusiness 
Can't believe that < PROPFEMALE > is seven years old ! They grow so fast Makayla's B-Day is also this week , 5 years old ...... man ... 
Which do you prefer for cardio : Bike , Rower , Elliptical , Treadmill , stair stepper or good old fashion runnin ? 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's butt . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or iis fighting cancer , post this for at least one hour ... Rawr =D 
\Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion . You must set yourself on fire . \"" 
Everybody please keep my wife in your prayers ... she's deploying in another week or 2 for 6 months , but at least she's only goin to the philippines . 
Whole family has been sick all week , no fun considering its the last week I have with my beautiful bride before she deploys ..... 
So if Aliens showed up tomorrow does that really mean God doesn't exist , or that he didn't tell us about them ? 
Well , Day 1 : Gonna miss the love of my life these next couple months , first day is going good though .... got to talk to her this mornin about Hawaii where she'll be for the next few days . Kids doin great so far just feels kinda weird in the house without her ..... 
Gettin ready for the first weekend alone with the kids .... Lord give me the strength lol 
Been writing down my caloric intake trying to gain weight ....... it's like impossible for ectomorps ! LOL 
Getting ready for another fun filled alaskan weekend , hopefully it stays above zero this time 
\Those who think they have not time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness . \ " \ 
I personally believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this . I proudly did ?? 
Missing my beautiful wife . Can't wait to talk to you hunny ! 
I am so grateful to the Lord for bringing my wife into my life .... I have never felt happiness like I do with her . 
Even though I really don't want to ..... i will be in Delaware/Black hole lol from 6 June to 14 June , so if you wanna see me save a day 
