finally managed to charge her laptop battery . 

has nothing on her mind . 
helped her husband rescue a bird from the cat last night . They put it in a box in the spare bedroom , so it might have time to recover . Now , it has recovered and refuses to be caught . She is now pondering the possibility of losing the cat back on the bi 
really wishes she could find her camera . 
thinks it's too hot . The heat is affecting the cat's brain . 
is getting out of the house . 
really misses her best friend . 
thinking about visiting the grocery . 
loves finding lizard heads about the house . 
snorts chili powder . Distastefully . 
' s daughter is a fussy mess . A mess of fuss . A messy fuss . Fussy , messy and fussy . 
is down for no reason . Well . No outside source . I am in love with being at the mercy of chemicals . 
wishes her daughter would learn to keep her little feet away from Mommy's laptop while Mom tries to type , thank you very much . 
wishes she was free to wander around the Quarter , but instead she's at home with a baby tornado . 
performs lizard rescue free of charge . 
' s cellphone is in dry dock . Until further notice . 
is preparing for a visit to Michigan and < PROPFEMALE>'s first trip on an airplane . Pray for us ! 
is preparing for the return trip to Louisiana and the further adventures of < PROPFEMALE > on the airplane . Pray for us ! 
is now home with her family , safe and relatively sound . 
has very little on her mind . Cleaned the living room and feel much better . 
is unbelievably tired . 
wishes her lower back would stop with the hurting . 
ties her hair back with electrical tape . 
has noticed that it is Guy Fawkes ' Day . 
must face the very messy living room . 
is facing the somewhat less messy living room and coming to the realization that she will have to face the garage in the near future ( mouse corpse count : 2 ) . 
played the \husband\ " card and didn't have to clean up dead mice . How nice . " 
just remembered that its Turkey Month . 
walked around the Louisiana Renaissance Festival today with her family . 
' s husband has another motorcycle . 
wishes her daughter was older so the training for self-sufficient living ( i.e. housework ) could begin . 
has a toothache . 
has a kitten on her leg and a baby on her lap . 
has chronic \Lost Puppy Syndrome . \"" 
is awfully tired of driving around , trying to get < PROPMALE > his motorcycle certification . 
is happy that < PROPMALE > has his certification . 
isn't sure what to do . 
' s husband has his motorcycle back , thank goodness . He had extreme separation anxiety . 
has new pans . 
My poor husband was completely worn out by his in-laws . He's asleep on the living room floor and snoring , of all things . 
thinks it's a little cold . 
believes that she may have ' fixed ' the alignment on the Pontiac when she scuffed the curb at the gas station . 
really needs to do laundry and really doesn't want to . 
is hungry like the wolf . 
is having a hard time comprehending the extent of the Haitian situation . 
is a little sore from moving books . ( Also , she imagines she should say something like , \Books are filled with nuggets of wisdom and wisdom is heavy . \ " Prospectively . ) " 
' s poor husband had two hours of sleep before sitting in court for five hours and then rushing off for 12 more hours of work . Poor husband . 
wants to change her status but can't think of anything to say . 
has so many requested DVDs from DVDswap that she isn't sure she can afford to mail them all . 
haphazardly defends her notebook of organization against the chaotic hands of her daughter . 
is sad for her daughter , who does a dance of distress when she sees Daddy putting on his uniform . 
wistfully wishes the dog wasn't so wimpy about wet weather . 
thinking about < PROPMALE > while he stands in the street for < PROPFEMALE > . 
is thinking about < PROPMALE > as he stands in the street for five more parades . 
wonders if the ' non-toxic ' claim on Crayon's children's paint applies to non-humans . 
is glad that they postponed yesterday's parades because that meant she could spend with day with < PROPMALE > . She is sad they didn't postpone today's parades . 
is trying to decide whether or not to drive to New Orleans in a car with a cracked windshield , a leaky tire , a burnt-out headlight and a puddle on the back floorboard . 
will be giving the stinky , sweaty dog a bath . As soon as said dog is coaxed out from under the dining room table . 
quotes , \I now realize that the small hills you see on ski slopes are formed around the bodies of 47-year-olds who tried to learn snowboarding . \ " ( Thanks to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for today's laugh ) " 
has a wiggle in her belly . 
has a hole in her yard where the dog dug in . Trench warfare begins . 
' s wonderful husband cleaned out the garage . He even mopped . How wonderful . 
' s wonderful husband is gone for the weekend . This is , of course , not wonderful . 
has been toddlerized . And it's a rainy Monday . Is there no justice to be had !? 
has a tummy ache . 
is taking her daughter in for vaccination in the morning . She plans on making Daddy do all the holding . 
is back from the pediatrician . Daddy did the holding . < PROPFEMALE > was very good , considering . 
managed to spring forward just in time . 
spent a hundred dollars on cat repair today . 
wonders if the benefits of having a second car outweigh the worry of finding , purchasing and maintaining a second car . 
has a dentist appointment at 0830 . 
has constant chocolate craving . 
has noticed a certain atti-two-de coming over her daughter . 
is exhausted . 
has a lot of cleaning to do . 
is a bit bummed out . 
awaits the arrival of her second child with breathlessness and a burning heart ( symptoms of her unborn baby pressing against her lungs and stomach , respectively ) . 
is lounging on the couch with < PROPMALE > the cat . 
is waiting for < PROPMALE > to come home . 
bought her husband a nice bottle of scotch . Don't tell him ! 
just caught her daughter pretending to nap on the couch . Complete with blanket , pillow and fake snores . 
is rather tired . 
is still rather tired , but managed to straighten her bedroom nonetheless . 
drove out to Gulfport , MS and back today . 
and < PROPFEMALE > cleaned < PROPFEMALE>'s room and managed to keep it clean for over an hour . Surely such an amazing feat deserves to be mentioned on Facebook . 
keeps getting jerked around by her husband's constantly changing work schedule . 
thinks that , in order to trim back the bushes in her front yard , a machete would be best . 
wasn't happy about the oil spill before , but really isn't happy about it now . 
is very tired . 
is very tired and going to the grocery store for food . 
is glad that ( as far as she knows ) her husband will stay in the area and be able to come home every now and then . 
hopes to see her husband this afternoon . 
had a nice time with < PROPMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > was especially happy to see her Daddy ( even if today is Mother's Day ) . 
thinks this baby will be bigger than her last baby . 
is enjoying the smell of teeny , < PROPFEMALE > baby . 
' s refridgerator is so clean that the inside shines . Thank you , < PROPMALE > . 
had tons of well-wishes on her birthday . And got to have a five-hour nap . Good birthday . 
' s mommy went home . 
hopes that her husband does not succumb to heat stroke . 
thanks < PROPMALE > for the use of his computer without which this status would not be possible . 
is a little sad about loosing all the pictures that were on her hard drive . 
sleeps with one eye open ( because < PROPMALE > the cat is lurking about ) . 
will be doing laundry today . 
is happy that her parents arrived here safely and is looking forward to seeing her sister and grandparents tomorrow . 
is happy that her sister & grandparents arrived safely . 
is thankful for the nice gift her grandmother left behind . 
drove down the Canal St. median , careful to avoid police cars and trolleys . Hah . Fun . The things you can do when you're driving a police officer to work . 
will be saying good-bye to her laptop for two weeks , since her husband is taking it to AT with him . Oh , and good-bye to the husband , too . Think I might miss the laptop a little more ? ( heehee ) 
is having a hard time with < PROPMALE > being gone again . 
built a book fort with < PROPFEMALE > yesterday . It was a fort . Of books . 
attended Catholic church services this morning with her children and her in-laws . En masse . 
is happy that < PROPMALE > is home for the day . Yay ! 
is feeling a little down . 
feeling better after seeing < PROPMALE > and getting something to eat . 
has her laptop back , yay ! ( Oh , and < PROPMALE > is home ) . 
is worried that < PROPMALE > will have a bad day because he forgot his phone and his duty belt , will have to drive back home for them and be late for work . 
is proud of < PROPFEMALE > for taking the initiative and reading a book to her sister . 
let a dragonfly land on her hand . Had a short conversation . Watched the dragonfly go on its way . 
needs to find socks . So she can wash them . Beware socks ! 
has many things that need to be done and no one to do them ! 
went to the dentist this morning and will be seeing the pediatrician this afternoon . 
cleaned out and organized her junk drawer and is now pleasantly surprised whenever she opens it . 
needs to go grocery shopping . 
hopes her husband comes home soon so they can go and rescue his motorcycle from speculative crowds . 
loves her mommy and wants her to feel better . 
isn't feeling all that great . 
is glad that < PROPMALE > has the next two days off . 
is very happy because < PROPMALE > doesn't have two days off . He has four days off . 
needs to change the oil in the truck . Her children are not c o-o perative . 
is about five loads from being done with the laundry . It has been awhile since she's properly done laundry ... 
is sad because her daughter dropped one of the Brimberry bowls , destroying the bowl and the last of the vegetable soup . 
< PROPMALE > lost a lizard behind the bookshelf . Now , < PROPMALE > is spending a great deal of time checking the bookshelf's perimeter . And complaining . 
thinks it must be hunting season because over the last day her cat has gifted her with two birds , one rat and a lizard . Good grief , < PROPMALE > ! Take a break ! 
bought a bicycle so she can exercise the dog ( and herself ) . This is the first bicycle she's had in a long time that didn't come out of a dumpster . She's a little sad about this because bicycles out of the dumpster ( or dump ) are something of a family tradition . 
has a two year old with a drippy nose and a hoarse throat . We're doing vitamins , liquids and movies . Any other suggestions ? 
is trying to let the husband sleep . 
never crosses the road , since she can't get out of the kitchen . 
' s husband will be working for the Army until November . Here's hoping that he'll remember how to be a cop when he goes back to the NOPD . 
will be alone this weekend with just her two daughters for company . Oh , wait . This is like my days only with no < PROPMALE > in the evening . Sadness . Time to listen to some blues and clean . 
doesn't have to energy to continue cleaning . So , we're going to Wal-Mart to pick up the prescription drugs and maybe find some SweetLeaf tea . 
is tired and misses her family . 
really needs a shower but doesn't really want to take two children in there with her . Sadly , they seem to be attached to her hips . 
is making french toast . So why is she sitting at the computer ? She must like burnt french toast . 
has come to the realization that , should she make a different status everyday , she would only be able to use a set list of activities : cleaning , dishes , baby , toddler , vacuum , looking for ' insert item here ' , and waiting for Daddy to come home . 
pushed a truck from the middle of the freeway to the side of the freeway with her truck . It was manly . 
didn't blow anything up today . This 5th of November was a total loss . 
Repetition . Two love . Match . Point . 
I've found a patch of carpet in the master bedroom . I could've sworn that we only had dirty laundry for flooring in there . 
I think my babies are cute . Especially when they're playing together . 
In an unwelcome change , last night was spent in fruitless sleep . 
Went to church this morning . Weird . 
We've made it to Texas in one piece . All baby fussy was within reasonable limits . No accidents . < PROPMALE > even finished his homework . The only problem is that my tailbone is sending false signals to my brain , telling me that I'm still riding in the truck . 
home again , home again . < PROPMALE > the cat is already complaining . ^_^ 
Wish I had more energy to keep up with my mess making daughter . 
My eldest is sick and my youngest doesn't understand time share . Sad day . 
I know I only have two children . But , sometimes , it feels like I have fifteen . 
< PROPMALE > made some very yummy BBQ Pulled Pork sandwiches for dinner . I'm glad we have leftovers . 
< PROPFEMALE > no longer goes right to sleep . She fights and fights . It might be the tooth she's getting . I miss the days and nights of my baby just dropping off . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s observation for this lunar eclipse was , \Moo is darh . \ " Make of it what you will . " 
Would like it generally known that < PROPFEMALE > found a left behind ' gogurt ' in the fridge from Uncle < PROPMALE>'s visit . And that she is eating it . 
< PROPMALE > is fundamentally not O.K. with flies in his kitchen . But he seems to be O.K. with leaving his t-shirt in the kitchen where < PROPFEMALE > can get to it . My eye is twitching . 
I'm a little upset because my beloved eldest child has spread yogurt all over my computer screen . Did I type that right ? Any typos ? It's so hard to see ! 
Back to trying to finish Final Fantasy 13 . If only we could remember what we were doing when we stopped last . 
I believe I may need shelves in my closet . 
Within two hours of getting up , < PROPFEMALE > has a ) attached a dog leash to her sister and attempted to drag her on a walk and b ) when told she shouldn't drink the bath-water she informed me that she was not drinking bath-water , she was drinking juice ( red cup ) and eating soup ( green cup ) . 
Ok , so . House is closer to a wreck than it has been for nearly two weeks , < PROPMALE > has CQ and I have a new book to read . Chant with me : I will clean the house , I will clean the house , I will clean the house ere I read my book while nibbling Hobnobs . Willpower , do not fail me now . 
No < PROPMALE > , no truck , no church . However , have seen Jesus and the Heavenly Host while moving things back into the office room . 
Will probably met Jesus after trying to untie the massive knot of cables we've accumulated . 
< PROPMALE > is home and his schoolbooks have arrived in the mail . So much excitement . 
Really wants to play more Dissidia , but both her babies have runny noses ( again ) . WHY WHY WHY !? T3h gaming g0ds do not look upon me with favor . 
Anybody want to come over and feed my cat ? No ? Ok . I guess I'll go do it . 
I've decided to finally shed this coil of womanhood and fully embrace the true path : that of a Rider of Rohan . I'm going to purchase an Ahkal-Teke , some armor , steal a sword and ride off to face Nazgul and other such nasty things because really , after cleaning up after my children , how can any of that be difficult ? It's all within my grasp . Bye y'all . 
Rider of Rohan update : Not going well . Only have pictures of Akhal-Tekes . No armor ( expensive ) . The sword is a katana and it's my husband's and I'm having a moral dilemma over stealing from my other half . Also , there seems to be a lack of Nazgul in southern Louisiana . All in all , very bad start . Have not lost hope , however . There may be Nazgul in the swamp . 
Rider of Rohan update : No , hm , Nazgul ' mounts ' yet spied . May have to name my truck ' Brego ' and be done with the horse bit . Have not convinced myself to steal the husband's sword , so I may just have to settle for a handgun . Planning very dangerous exhibition to Wal-Mart . Bringing children . Very dangerous . 
Note to self : < PROPFEMALE > took strange brew at 8:48 pm . Last had Tylenol at 5:30 pm . ( She's got some bumps in her throat and a fever ) . Rider of Rohan on vacation while Mom works . 
Exhausted . Babies with sore throats do not sleep well . Nor do they really care to nurse , so they get grouchy about that too . 
< PROPFEMALE > sick . < PROPFEMALE > better . 
Apparently , the Super Bowl was today . Huh . Who knew ? 
Babies healthy . House a wreck ! Anyone surprised ? Noooo . 
I'm pretty floored by events in Egypt . 
Changed the oil in the truck AND managed to get that silly main . reqd . light to turn off . Yay . 
CHOCOLATE CAKE DAY !! Nom nom nom . 
Rider of Rohan update : Not good . Stables total wreck . Foundation stud working very hard at schooling . Foals growing well , but very demanding . Broodmare two inches from breaking a leg and beating a dead horse . 
Needs a motorcycle of her own . 
Not a few seconds ago , I found myself attempting to arrange my kitchen utensils into an aesthetically pleasing configuration by prepping them in different directions in their little container/vase thing . I was trying to balance out serving spoons with strains versus ones without ! I decided it was time to take a break and update FB . 
I'm alive . Honest . I've just been obsessed with playing Howrse online . It's the perfect free online game for me . I mean . Horses . It's awesome . 
Mardi Gras . You are t3h 3vil . 
Thing 2 is finally getting into the swing of pulling things off shelves . Oh , joy . So much for alphabetized books with their covers intact . 
