Had a great time with good friends watching the Ole Miss rebels win the 2010 Cotton Bowl ! Gr8 fried turkey , casserole , stuffing , snacks , and etc .! 

I am currently really digging < PROPFIRST > Stills and also Jucifer ! Check ' em out . 
Going to be at my District Convention this weekend and next . I am really looking forward to it ! 
would be lost without Pandora ! 
Needs to get to work on his Ramcharger ! 
When the winter rains come pourin ' down On that new home of mine , Will you think of me and wonder if I'm fine ? 
Having a gr8 time playing scrabble with my baby sis ! 
Grilled out w . baby sis < PROPFEMALE > , our parents , and My aunt < PROPFEMALE > . Had a great time ! Really builds all of us up ! :D 
Hurricane season is about here . Sign up for your local D.R.C. ( disaster relief committee ) if your circumstances allow it ! 
Just made 10 pints of salsa , 6 pints of 13 alarm , 4 pints of 1 alarm ! 
is gettin ' ready to head over to GA to go the District Convention with Baby Sis ! And as an additional bonus , she has a part on the Saturday morning program ! WooHoo ! :D 
Has had a gr8 time over here in GA ! Gr8 Convention and had a wonderful day in service today w . Baby Sis ! Heading back to MS tomorrow . 
Back in Mississippi ! Glad to be back , ready for the start of a new service year ! 
has decided that \Dear Mr. Fantasy\ " by Traffic is one of the few songs that I listen to that I never get tired of ! Whats some of ur fav songs ? " 
had a nice supper at Bay Springs lake while watching the sun set over the water . Used to be I would feel bad not to have someone to share that with . Now , I enjoyed my supper and was happy that no one was there to spoil it for me ! :D Experience is a wonderful thing ! :) 
This past week , I have come over to GA to visit my baby sister to go out in service with her b/c she had a long weekend off of work . We went out for 2 good days , then went camping with Family at lake Altoona and had an awesome time ! Sunday evening my alternator on my Mitsu went out , so that took two days to get fixed . And then , baby sisters car blew a heater hose yesterday so we are fixing that today ! what a week ! 
Glad to be back in Mississippi ! 
Is rather ticked off with my Ole Miss Rebels ! Our loss validates ppl who say we cannot handle high rankings . Oh well , lots of gr8 S.E.C. football to play ! Hopefully we take this as a wake up call . 
had a great day in service today ! Beautiful weather too ! 
Made my time for Sept . ! Woo Hoo ! Now I got to keep it up ! 
Had a great time taking my cuz < PROPMALE > fishin ' yesterday , he caught the only fish of the day ! And today I enjoyed driving my Aunt < PROPFIRST > and Sis . < PROPFEMALE > Nunnely to the chiroprator . Then I finished off the day seeing A Broken Method , Allyria , and Taproot in an awesome concert ! Great times ! 
Gaaaaaa ! Stupid puzzle !!!! Whose Idea was it to buy this thing anyway !!! :D 
Had some acupuncture done today and am feeling even better ! Woo Hoo !!! 
Great day in service today w . C.O. and tomorrow too ! 
enjoyed working out in service w . < PROPFIRST > and C.O. today ! Gonna go be a pincushion again tomorrow ! 
Had a good trip to GA to get baby sister moved into her new place . Her new place is sooo nice ! Been very busy and looks like i'm not gonna get to slow down anytime soon ! Which is nice ' cause it keeps ya young ! :) 
Copperhead road by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is another of my all time favorites ! 
and his pit Butterball are rollin out to Montgomery < PROPMALE > 2day . Everytime I cross into alabama I think I hear banjos . . . 
Wishes the alabama timekeepers at bryant-denny stadium had not cheated the Vols out of at least ten extra seconds at the end of the first half . The field goal that it cost the Vols ended up being the difference of the game ! 
Nothing like blowing out a tire at 55 m.p.h. when you're hauling 5,400 Lbs of gravel in ur truck for excitement ! Woo-Hoo ! 
Service w . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Kat 2day ! 
Got my little yellow car fixed to day so hopefully it does not < PROPFIRST > its territory now ! Glad < PROPFIRST > Melton is ok , never fun to go flying in a car , literally ! 
Is counting down the days ( 18 ) until I can be out of my contract with AT&T and get a new phone ! Woo-Hoo ! 
\Yellow Lebetter\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Jam is tonic to ur soul when times are troubled . " 
Well , Aunt < PROPFIRST > still has not heard back from her biopsy , so she will have to spend the weekend wondering . I am really upset that her medical providers did not even call to give her an update ! Talk about a lack of empathy on their part ! >:( 
This past monday was bittersweet . I got hired on at Tiffin Motor Homes ( they make Allegro R . V . ' s ! ) so that was gr8 !!! However , I my Aunt < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > did get her biopsy results back , and it is cancer . :-( However , it looks like they caught it early , so here's praying for the best ! 
Have had a nice time over here in GA , visiting family , getting my expected new cousin's room ready to go ! Just wish the weekend was longer ! 
Back home in MS ! Had a nice visit with family . Bought myself a ticket to the 2010 Cotton bowl to see Ole Miss play Oklahoma State on 1-2-2010 !!! 
I'm visiting family over in GA and doing some odd jobs while I'm over here so I can some income ! I put my cell phone through the \heavy wash\ " cycle last monday ! ( duh ) So all I can do is text now that it has dried out ! Sorry for being so incomunicado . " 
Been raining all day here in GA . Looks like I ' ll be heading home on tuesday evening ! Getting to see lots of family and friends , working hard ! 
Back home in Mississippi and looking forward to seeing everyone ! 
Had a gr8 morning in service , now I'm just hoping I don't end up in oz ! ( the wind is really blowin'!!!) 
Had a great pioneer meeting yesterday with lots of great food and friendship afterward . Then had an awesome time at the Bostick's! However , I am bummed today b/c I set my alarm for 7:30 PM !!! Duh ! oversplept and missed service !!! :( grrrrr 
Yesterday my red Nissan grenaded its bottom end thru the oil pan on my way to the meeting !!! :( Thankfully I have good friends who got me to and from the meeting anyway ! :D 
Well , I survived new's years < PROPFEMALE > once again . That magical time of year when alabamians , out of envy , throw fire crackers over the border into < PROPFEMALE > . We responded as we do < PROPFEMALE > ry year , by lighting them and throwing them back !!! :D 
It is waaaaay too cold !!! BRRRRRRR ! The temp . is only supposed to get above freezing MAYBE three times this week ! And it is supposed to snow thursday ! I hope it does ! 
Forecast for L8 tonight and tomorrow , 100% < PROPMALE > of snow . Prolly only a couple of inches , but that is a rare treat here in the deep south ! 
This is the first time in a while that it has snowed here in MS and it has not melted within 24 hours . 11 tonight and 9 tomorrow !!! 
Had a successful evening stripping . . . Floors that is ! 
is wondering if there is anyone else out there who is a fan of old time < PROPFEMALE > blues ? < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Howlin ' Wolf , Mississippi < PROPFIRST > Hurt , B.B. , etc . 
Woo-hoo ! I finally figured out how to upload pics from my phone ! :D 
is enjoying listening to \jim crow blues\ " by Ledbelly . " 
had a good day . 
Packed up , headed over to GA in the morning ! 
Hey there everyone ! I made it out to Phoenix AZ safe and sound ! :) Unfortunatly , My comments are not showing up on my pictures , so I will have to post what the pics are in the evening when we get in from the job . Turns out the job is gonna last about 10 days ! 
got the job in VA done , headed back to AZ Monday . 
Back out here in Phoenix AZ . Beautiful weather , work is going good . 
has had an awesome day . Rented a convertible Mustang , and went to Goldfield AZ , an \old west\ " town . Then drove through some of the superstition mountains . That is where the pics from today came from . " 
got back to MS friday evening ! Service Sat . Meeting and an awesome super bowl party Sunday . and the past two days , c-o-u-c-h p-o-t-a-t-o !!! :D 
is ready for spring to be here ! 
is looking forward to the circuit pioneer meeting tomorrow ! 
is enjoying our two day circuit assembly ! 
had a great circuit assembly ! Now I am enjoying watching the snow fall . 
This is the week everyone changes there profile pic to their favorite album ! So join in ! Would love to see what you listen to . Copy & paste this to your wall . 
woke up this morning with a fever and sore throat . Blech ! >:( 
is over in Carrollton GA right now . I had a great morning in service with Tarreva , < PROPFEMALE > , Errin , and Andi ! Heading out for NYC in the morning ! 
is in New York City for at least the next ten days . Here is hoping the traffic survives me ! 
There is a nor'easter blowing into the northeast and NYC toaday and tonight . Forcast is for 8 - 14 inches here in the city , so here is hoping the snowplows have the roads cleared by the morning ! 
Made it to and from work today . No mean feat considering the blizzard going on here in NYC ! By the time work was over , they had the main streets mostly all clear . 
Had a good day working . Now gonna head out to times square to play like a tourist ! :) I'll try to take some mobile pics to post ! 
Back to work in the morning , had a good day today . 
The past two days I have been playing with the mother of all hammer drills , a Hilti . Also messin ' around with Hilti industrial epoxy , and other nasty dirty jobs . When we get done at the end of the day , I look like I have taken a dust and grime bath !!! Fun !!! :D 
Done ( for now ) with work here in NYC . Headed the right way ( south ) tomorrow ! 
is in GA now . And still invincible ! :D 
Had a great day out in service today and am looking forward to seeing < PROPMALE > Petty and The Heartbreakers in August ! Woo-Hoo !!! Life's gr8 ! :) 
Is back in Mississippi ! Had a gr8 time the past week going out in service with family and friends , seeing < PROPFIRST > in his halo , ( only type of halo he'll ever have ! ) and seeing the newest member of the family , Trystan < PROPFIRST > DaCosta ! Good times , gr8 2 b back ! :D 
Sometimes my life resembles a three ring circus ! I guess thats a good thing , except when the clowns < PROPMALE > me ! 
Had a great time time today golfing with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Looking forward to service tomorrow ! 
Sometimes it is good to revisit old wounds , as long as it prevents new ones . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , my parents , and others for the extra 12 years of my life ! I owe many , many people more than I will ever be able to repay ! Here is hoping to never be \mostly dead\ " again ! Thank you . " 
is looking forward to tomorrow . Its gotta be better than today ! 
Please , to all my friends , if you're gonna ride a four wheeler or dirtbike , wear a helmet !!!!!!!! Brains are not nice to look at ! 
Its a beee-uuuuu-t-ful day outside ! I think working outside in the yard is called for ! :D 
I a great morning in service today ! Now i'm gonna enjoy the weather ! :) 
had a great day ! finished it off sittin on the patio with some gr8 bar-b-q ribs , good tunes , and cold beer ! :D 
Enjoyed the meeting , had a good time with < PROPFIRST > and Kait at lunch ! Just chillin ' the rest of the day ! :) 
C . O . ' s visit this week . I enjoyed the meeting tonight and am looking forward to service the rest of the week ! :D 
Has had a blast going out in service the past two days ! And going fishing yesterday evening/night . And visiting the Scruggs this afternoon ! Good times ! :) 
Had a great weekend ! 
Had a great morning in service yesterday , and a good day today . Beautiful weather for puttin in the garden !!! 
has had one of those rare , incredibly productive days days ! Got both gardens tilled , one of ' em planted , and mowed the grass for the first time this year ! Also got lots more done around the house ! 
Had a great weekend . Got lots of plants started , went out in service , and is cleaning up around the ol homestead ! 
did not blow myself into little bitty bits today messin ' with gas tanks ! ( yay me ! ) so I am treating myself to grillin ' out on the patio with some ice water and tunes ! :D 
Has had a great day hiking at Tishomingo State Park ! Check out my mobile pics from today . I cannot believe how pretty it is and I have never hiked there since I moved here ! :/ Oh well , just goes to show that great things are sometime right in front of you , you just have to notice them ! 
Had fun in service today , even if there were \assinine\ " portions of it ! :D " 
Has had a wonderful time hiking and grilling at Tishomingo State Park today ! Thanks to everyone who helped make todays ge t-t ogether great ! ( and that is everyone who was there ! ) Many hands made light work , and the association was truly encouraging and upbuilding ! I am so glad < PROPFEMALE > had the idea for todays gathering , it was an honor to help out ! :D 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a smack in the head . People who need a smack in the head affect the lives of many . While there is still no known cure for someone who needs a smack in the head except for a smack in the head , WE CAN RAISE AWARENESS . 
Has had a fun afternoon playing with liquid hot magma ! 
Got my taxes filed with an hour and 42 minutes to spare ! 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond . If you know me well , you know that I am ____________ , I love_____________ , and I cant stand________________ . This should be entertaining ! 
wants to inform his Face Book friends about an up and coming artist . Andi Kichinko , of Carrollton GA , does beautiful , detailed Pencil Portraits ! Check out her work at www.andique.deviantart.com to see the portrait she did of my newest cousin , Trystan . Portraits make great gifts , and better keepsakes ! Her rates are reasonable , and her work is great ! Need more info , just drop me a line ! 
has decided that getting pounced on by a 100+ pound Mastiff at 6:15 in the morning is a crude , but effective alarm clock !!! ;) 
is listening to < PROPMALE > Zevon , < PROPMALE > Young , < PROPMALE > Petty , and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . And lamenting the profusion of pop drivel that passes for music now . ( I'm having an official old curmudgeon moment !!! ) 
Ain't feelin ' too sporty . :( Here is hoping it was some bad lunch instead of the stomach bug that has been going around . 
Is headed over to GA today . Flying toNYC tomorrow ! Short trip tho . I'll be back ( said like ahnold ! ) by thursday or friday ! I'll try to post some cool mobile pics ! :) 
is in GA ! Now as long as the plane can take off tomorrow between thunderstorms , everything will be gr8 ! :) 
Had a great day yesterday playing tourist ! Went to the American Natural History Museum , then had a great supper at a Greek restaurant on Broadway called Niko's , then went to a comedy club called Stand Up , at the corner of Broadway and 78th . Now back to work ! 
has left NYC and is in West < PROPFEMALE > tonight , on the way to Cincinnati , OH . After tomorrow , headed back to GA . Then on to MS ! :) 
was southbound and hammerdown today !!! In GA now ! :) 
Going to a very special occasion today . Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is in NYC again for a few days of work ! 
Is enjoying the views from work . I am only a few blocks away from < PROPFEMALE > . You can actually see the Watchtower sign from the building I am working at ! 
Is back in GA safe and sound . 
spoke to the Secretary in the North Carrollton GA congregation about transferring his publisher card from Iuka . This is a decision that I have reached only after much prayer and meditation . I will miss my Iuka family and friends a lot , however , I will also be visiting Iuka a lot too !!! :) 
now has a little yellow car with tunes !!! Woo-Hoo ! It was worth every < PROPFEMALE > to get a stereo and speakers installed ! :D 
Is in GA ! Going to the NHRA drag races tomorrow with my cuzins ! :D 
Back in GA ! :D 
Had a great weekend putting a new roof on a wonderful older couples house here in Carrollton . We were fed super well ! :) Then had a great time at the congregation get together where there was more awesome food and friendship ! :D 
Has finally got the Pics from < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding uploaded ! I have more pictures , but I tried to only post the ones that I did not mangle too badly ! :/ 
had an awesome morning in service ! And an exciting trip on I-20 this afternoon dodging spinning vehicles ! Better an exciting life than a boring existance ! :) 
is learning a little about welding ! Like the fact that welding in hot weather is mind numbingly hot !!! On the flip side , let me tell you about how to sweat off 10 pounds !!! :D 
is jammin ' to \Roland the Headless Thompson Gunner\ " ! :D " 
Really enjoyed the Special Assembly Day at Conyers today ! Excellent Spiritual food , and great association ! Leaving out tomorrow for NYC , gonna be gone a couple of weeks at least . 
is back in NYC . Now to do my impression of Snake Plisskin !!! ;) 
is glad the weekend is here ! 
wants to go to an old fashioned speak easy that plays killer big band music . Any place in the ATL fit the < PROPMALE > ? 
Friday again !! :D 
is about ready to be back in the land of < PROPFEMALE > ! About one more week here in NYC . 
check out my photo album I just created that has some of the views from the building I have been working on ! 
has got done in NYC and is gonna be heading home to GA tomorrow ! Woo-Hoo ! The big blue dodge is gonna be flying !!! :D 
is back home in GA ! :D 
Has had a great weekend . Enjoyed going out with Cousins and friends Sat ., and we got a raised bed garden done at my Grandparents ( paternal ) today ! 
is headed over to Mississippi to dog sit at my parents while they go to the District Convention . 
is very happy to have been there today when my < PROPFEMALE > got Baptized ! As an added bonus , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Bositck also got bapized today ! :D Now the race of endurance really starts ! Sorry to some of the friends I was not able to say hi to during the lunch period , I will have a longer visit in a month or so ! 
Got back home to GA last night . Having a stereo in my little yellow car is so worth it ! The trip was much more endurable with tunes ! :) 
service tomorrow ! 
Had a great day out in service today ! 
Had an great evening with wonderful friends ! :) 
Gooooooo Braves ! Beat the phillies ! 
Grilled steaks , grilled onions , sauteed mushrooms , fresh tomatos , and family . Life is good ! :D 
has had a good day ! 
Had a great morning in service ! 
is 
Is making homemade ice cream ! :D 
Is on a Greyhound for the first time ! ( the bus , not the dog ! ) 
You know its a big truck when I have to hop to get up in it ! :D 
Is back in GA , and has mad sure Four Wheel Drive high and low range work ! Life is good ! :D 
Had a great time last time with good friends at Fat < PROPMALE>'s Rib Shack in ATL ! Awesome ribs andlive blues ! :D 
Is back , once again , in NYC . I have been up here with several feet of snow on the ground , now I'm up here when the temps are in the 90's . I think I prefer the snow ! 
looked like the character \pigpen\ " from < PROPFIRST > Brown after working today !!! " 
Just heard a cool song this morning . \Little Lion Man\ " by Mumford & Sons . Cool British group . " 
Got done with work early and is touring Washingtons headquarters at Newburg NY . ( hudson valley ) 
Is going to the movies at Times Square ! 
Really enjoyed the movie Salt last night . It has lots of plot twists , sorta remeniscent of The Bourn Identity ! 
Is making a bumper for my truck . I pity the fool who texts and drives while following me ! >:) 
Hates it when you look at your departure date and get mixed up and end up Not having an extra day ! :/ 
So for the next week or so my official song is going to be \Cowboy\ " by Kid Rock ! ;D " 
Is in Hollywood , staying at the Andez hotel on The sunset strip ! Life is gooood ! :D 
has a new goal . To ride a motorcycle the length of the Pacific Coast Highway ! And then some !!! :) 
Has finally got this job in Hollywood wrapped up ! Tomorrow some much deserved R&R b/c we had to work 12s both weekend days and today ! :( Back to GA Wed ! I can't wait ! :D I much prefer the South !!! 
Is back in the South ! So happy to be home ! :) 
Had to go on an emergency welding service call at 12:30 last night ! I did not get to sleep until 5 . On the bright side , at least it was not too hot ! :) 
Is out in service ! :) 
can't wait until this evening !!! Going to the < PROPMALE > Petty & The Heart Breakers concert ! :D 
Crosby , Stills , and Nash opened . Next up , < PROPMALE > Petty !!! :D 
Had an AWESOME time at the < PROPMALE > Petty concert . Easily one of the best concerts ever ! 
Wishes his baby sister was with him enjoying some delicious Thai curry ! :) 
Is in Long Island , enjoying some delicious iced tea ! ;D 
Is back in the Peach state ! :) 
Really enjoyed the first day of my District Convention . 
Just enjoyed a great 3 day Convention ! Refreshed and ready to go ! :) Pics l8r this week . 
Is on the road again . 
Is back home in the Peach State ! Woot ! :D 
Had a great time at the Uproar fest yesterday . Avenged Sevenfold and Disturbed put on great shows . And an awesome Watchtower today . Good weekend ! :) 
Is enjoying a beautiful day and trying to do nothing ! ( as usual ) :D 
Just sacrificed a < PROPMALE > Light to the grease gremlins in the grill . Thankfully it was not Guiness , the food would've had to burn ! :) 
Had a great day at the Conyers quick build ! Beautiful weather too ! :) 
Just washed about 300 pounds of mud off my my truck ! Now to go find some more !!! 
Arrrrrg ! A 1-0 loss to the Phillies ? Really ??? This is like ' 91 and ' 92 World Series all over again ! I can't wait for < PROPFIRST > Cox to be gone ! 
Has figured out there are few problems in life that cannot be solved by a bigger hammer ! 
Just had a wonderful evening with family and my two newest cousins ! :D 
Is cheering for Ole Miss , UGA Bulldogs , and the team that is playing arkansas ! 
Is watching a movie on the lawn with friends ! 
Is uncomfortably under scrutiny . : I ( 
One of the cool things about living over here around Atlanta is getting to hear the phrase \car-b-que\ " on the radio ! :D " 
Is going camping in the mountains for the next five or so days . No electric , no cell phone service , no worries !!! :D Just the sounds of the creek and the wind in the trees ! 
Is back from the mountains . I had a great time ! Went off roading a couple of days , caught some trout and grilled them up with lemon pepper . Enjoyed being able to relax around the campfire ! :D 
Is grilling out with my Baby sis and Cousins . Great times ! :D 
Has got the most awesome sister ! She got a new iPod touch , and gave me her \old\ " 80 gig iPod !!! :DD " 
Lets go Braves !!! 
Really ? The Braves lost 1-0 ? C'mon! I was having flashbacks to the ' 91 World Series tonight ! Oh well , still a couple of games left . 
< PROPFEMALE > made it to Japan safe and sound with no problems ! :D 
Wants < PROPFIRST > Bond style rockets on my vehicles ! The plan is when someone is going slow in the fast < PROPFIRST > they have approx . 30 seconds to move over . After that , I \remove\ " them from slowing me down !!! Bwahahahahaha !!! >:D " 
Had a great time wheelin ' at Treat Mtn yesterday with my cuz . Now I'm about to take off for Kansas City ! 
Is in Kansas City working for a few weeks . 
Is back in town for the weekend . Heading back to KC Sunday afternoon . 
Just blew thru Nashville on the way to Kansas City . Currently in the middle of nowhere Kentucky ! 
Spent the night in < PROPFIRST > Ill ., now rolling thru St. < PROPFIRST > . 
Is back in Kansas City safe and sound . Be back in about a week ! 
Is back home in < PROPFEMALE > ! Now to get back used to working days ! :/ 
Was on fire ! ;D :O 
Let's Go REBELS !!! 
Is doing nothing at all , and doing it well !!! ;) 
Got my bumper 3/4s done today . I should finish it up tomorrow , then on to painting it ! 
My bumper all welded up ! Now on to primer and painting it flat black ! ;D 
Please post this as your status if you know , or are related to , someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but the Galactic Empire continues tokill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy or paste this to their profile .... 
Can't think of anything witty or insightful to post as a status update . Wait , I just realized that I never have ! Oh well , better not break tradition ! :/ 
Is enjoying the beautiful weather ! Its perfect for painting , working outside , and relaxing on the deck with a cold brewski ! ;) 
Got my bumper done !!! Now to get my 10k # winch mounted ! Awwww yeah ! :D 
Just saw a bunch of tennessee fans . Oh , wait , nevermind . They were state prisoners . . . 
C'mon Rebels ! This has the makings of a long day . . . 
Well , we got owned today by the volunteers . :( Tennessee played better this time around . Next time we'll get ' em ! 
Hates it when stuff blows up in my face ! Especially bad for the moustache . 
Has waited over two hours so far to see the doctor . I signed in at 10:28 and it is now 12:34 !!! About to start tearing stuff up !!! >:/ 
The question is not who needs a beer , the question is who doesn't ?! :D 
Is back in New York City . Lets see if the City survives this good ' ol redneck one more time ! :D 
Headed home today . :D 
ATL !!! 
Made it safe and sound . Glad to be back in the south ! There is nothing that compares to it ! :) 
Is enjoying the Ole Miss vs . miss state game at the < PROPFEMALE > Bred Pub in Carrollton ! Hotty Toddy !!! 
loves thunderstorms ! 
Is having a great morning out in service ! :D 
Work day tomorrow at the Carrollton Kingdom Hall . Hopefully we have a good sized crowd . Many hands make light work ! ;) 
Change\ 
your profile picture for one of a cartoon from your childhood . The \ 
goal ? To not see a human face on Facebook until Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the\ 
fight against child abuse . Copy and paste as your status and invite \ 
your friends to do the same 
Had a good day . We had lots of support for the work day at Carrollton Kingdom Hall , ( love that power equipment ! ) and then I had a great time at my Grandparents ( Johnstons ) 58th anniversary dinner ! 
Had a great time playing football this afternoon , even tho it was dang cold ! 
Rollin ' to ATL ! 
Got the concrete poured at the Carrollton Kingdom Hall ! 
Is looking forward to the Circuit Assembly this weekend ! :) 
My cousin < PROPMALE > got Baptized today !!! :D 
That was the best Circuit Assembly ever ! 
Ahhhh , the Reddy Heater is my friend ! 
Just had S'mores for breakfast . :D Roasted over the wood fire in the < PROPMALE > stove . 
Going to see the new Tron movie tonight . Y'all c'mon along ! :D 
Is headed to < PROPMALE > Co . 
Has landed safely in < PROPMALE > . :) 
Is at the summit of Pikes Peak CO . 14,110 feet above sea level ! Love it ! :D 
Is taking off for ATL ! Homeward bound :) 
Has landed safely in Atlanta ! Home sweet home . :) 
Is looking forward to service this weekend ! 
Interviews today . Here is hoping for the best !!! 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy ; that's no fun ! Copy and paste this as your status & be nice ! 
Came over to MS today to get some stuff for moving into the new place . Unfortunately , weather is chasing me home first thing in the morning . :( I promise next time I'll have plenty of time to visit ! 
The attack geese are upset . Their distant cousin is on the grill ! :D 
Has got the dsl up and running ! Connectivity rules ! 
Enjoyed having shabushabu for supper last night at my sisters ! It was awesome ! Now to fix some masaman curry tonight . 
Really enjoyed the meeting tonight . Seems like when life gets you down , if you can make it to the spiritual table you're picked back up ! 
Had a great time today enjoying the warm weather while relaxing by the lake with a whiskey on the rocks ! :) 
Is sitting by the lake enjoying sunshine and 60 degree weather ! And a mixed drink ! ;D 
Interview today with Pepsi in Newnan . Here's hoping it goes well ! 
Awesome news , I have been selected to part of the in studio audience tomorrow morning on the Project 961 morning show !!!!! 
In studio with Shafee and Klinger on Project 96.1 !!! :D 
Had a great time in studio with the Project 961 morning crew . It was really cool seeing how a show is actually produced ! 
Super Bowl Sunday ! I hope the Packers win , but I really don't care too much about either team . I guess I will be watching mainly for the commercials ! 
Interview with < PROPFEMALE > Motors tomorrow morning . Here is hoping for success ! 
My interview with < PROPFEMALE > went well , and I got a call back from Pepsi ! Looks good on the employment front ! :D 
Is happy to be working for Pepsi once again !!! I am going to be a Route Driver in Newnan GA starting Monday morning !!!! :D 
is gettin ' back into the swing of delivering Pepsi ! I'm enjoying my new job , trying to get used to waking up early once again . Its easier than I thought it would be ! :) 
Had an easy day today . Nice to be done early and able to relax at home ! ;D 
1st paycheck !!! :DDD 
Is feeling better . Really enjoyed the meeting today . Lovin ' where I live too ! There is nothing that compares to a beautiful day sippin ' on the front porch listening to a skillfully played Telecaster !!! :D 
If you want rainbows , you have to endure the rain . 
Its always a sign of a great day when you're delivering Pepsi and a tornado chaser goes flying by !!! ( metaphorically speaking , so far ! ) 
Sitting on my landlords floating dock , fishing and watching the < PROPFEMALE > rise . Great times ! :D 
Ha ha Mother Nature , my car i already yellow ! The most you can do is make it look fuzzy ! :P 
Hmmm , 60 hour weeks must take a toll sometime , I forgot to set my alarm and slept until 1:30 today ! :O On the flip side , I feel great !!! :D 
We have 50 aux pioneering this month in our Hall ! I enjoyed this morning in service . :) 
