missing you now ... 

We do not get unlimited chances to have the things we want . And this I know ... nothing is worse than missing an opportunity that could've changed your life ... I want you to know you have changed mine !! I miss you ! 
My phone is on crack !! Its not charging ...... getting a new phone FRIDAY !! 
Loving Summer !! 
Had a crazy , wonderful , absurd , yet amazing day !! 
is think about Baby Henry .... its sad i knew him really well too ! 
Had a crazy yet enchanting night !! Tell you all later ! Going to bed now !!! 
When I Think About Rain !! 
hates that life is so complicated 
loves it when it down pours !!! 
Is missing < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
is missing < PROPFIRST > !!! oh and < PROPFEMALE > ( already ! ) !!! and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > !! 
Isn't he just Cute ??? I totally want to steal him !!! 
still going through < PROPFIRST > withdrawls !!! Going to be stuck at the fair all week !! 
still going through < PROPFIRST > withdrawls !!! Going to be at the fair all week !! Come Visit me !!! 
is thinking it is already the second day of school and i have homework coming out of my ears !!!! 
watch this video ... for a good laugh !! 
Fight Like A Girl !!!! 
Wow ... Advanced Biology , Biology Lab , Chemistry , Chemistry Lab , Precalc , and Advanced english .... I am going to definetely get my butt kicked !! What was I thinking ?? 
Everything is spinning ... I think i am getting sick !! How do I stop the spinning ?? 
it getting truely annoyed !! She can't do her math homework due to full capacity at the moment ... stupid fricken internet 
is stressed !! Today she got so stressed that she decided to punch the wall , well freezer at work ... and well made a dent and hurt her hand . Wait why am i writing in third person ... 
Rooting on < PROPMALE > !! Woot Woot 
broncos win !! WOOT WOOT !! 
loves this switch .... glad i can talk with you again 
can't wait for the next time !! 
can't seem to do anything right 
is thinking some things in life are totally unexpected !! 
going to invest in a voice recorder !! Chemistry teacher talks at the speed of light .... ok well maybe not that fast .... but i can't keep up !! 
broncos won again !!!!!!!!!! 
Paws is having puppies !! 
Has so much homework to do what do i do first ?? 
broncos win 
should of asked for his name !?!?! Cant think straight 
Too many things running in my head !! I need to sleep ... Caffine my one friend at the moment .... too early to think straight 
oh yeah just for your pleasure .... broncos are 4 and 0 .... and they beat < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
too much homework not enough time in the day 
broncos won again !!! 
Broncos are still undefeated !! Go < PROPMALE > !! 
is fasting for the missionaries tommorrow !! 
had a very crappy day and its not over yet !!! 
has to come up with a costume for friday !! 
is thinking !! Isn't that scary ! 
waiting for them to take the hold off of my classes so i can register !! 
Just finished her paper and now has to go study for he chemistry test !! 
Heading to minnesota for the weekend .... can't talk unless it is after 10pm and only texting ... Don't worry < PROPFEMALE > I will survive i am doing something i am passionate about !! That is what matters ! But that doesn't mean you can't text me !! 
had a blast this weekend .... and even learned how to laugh without showing her teeth it was interesting !! 
is having a mini vacation .... no chemistry this week or biology !!! Woot Woot !! 
come on broncos whats up with you !! 
one class left today ! 
ee < PROPFEMALE > toe warau 
is waiting for tonight !! 
had an amazing weekend ... lol ... but has to do her chemistry lab report now cause she forgot ! ooops 
had an amazing day yesterday ! 
I like to think that this is where i'm suppose to be . There's a confidence knowing that God put you here , and its a matter of you living this , doing the best you can , working the hardest you can , trying to make it happen . Whether it's going to happen or not , we don't know . 
Has to remember how to breath .... 
Is having the hardest time concentrating ... but i wonder why ? I trying not to bite my lip but i as i think about not doing it ... i end up doing it .... and then i see your face , silently laughing at me , and i forget how to breath ... 
finals this week !! YAY ! NOT .... hope i can concentrate .... but then again its funer to not ! 
lost the first game to John ..... wants a rematch ..... bring on the monopoly 
only one finals test left !!! 
Is ... finished !!!!! Yes no more school til next year !! 
how many times in one night can a person get goosebumps ? 
hates blizzards and trucks breaking down it ruins the fun she could be having !! 
cant wait for tommorrow !! 
wouldn't mind getting snowed in tommorrow morning as long as she can get out later !! 
is tired and cold after a long night and day of trying to get her truck out of the ditch 
had an amazing last two days minus putting the truck in the ditch 
found a bruise .... probably from sledding ... glad i didn't get one from when the snowboarder tried jumping me ... 
only one day left ! :( 
if you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right , you'll probably never do much of anything . so remember to live your life to the fullest !! Love you ! 
Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love , the things you are , the things you never want to lose . 
Got scared out of her mind when the brakes went out in the truck as i was driving myself and < PROPFIRST > to work .... never want that feeling again !! 
school starts wednesday ... can't wait ! Actually maybe it will give me something to do ! 
First day of a new semester ... Yay ! 3m4d 
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever . - < PROPFEMALE > Russell .... 3m6d !! 
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched . They must be felt with the heart . - < PROPFEMALE > keller . 2m8d ! 
If you love someone you would be willing to give up everything for them , but if they loved you back theyd never ask you to . 2m9d ! 
doesn't know how to feel at the moment ... 2m10d ! 
If God leads you to it ... he will help you through it ! 2m10d ! 
Can't Figure Out Why She Is So Tired Lately ??? Sorry Babe ! 2m13d ! 
If you love someone , set them free . If they come back to you , they are yours to keep ! 2m14d ! 
Live life fully while you're here . Experience everything . Take care of yourself and your friends . Have fun , be crazy , be weird . Go out and screw up ! You're going to anyway , so you might as well enjoy the process . Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes : find the cause of your problem and eliminate it . Don't try to be perfect ; just be an excellent example of being human . - < PROPFIRST > Robbins 
oh i wish i was looking into your eyes !! I <3 U ! 2 months 17 days 
Its only 1,151 < PROPMALE > ! thats 18 Hours ! 2 months 18 days .... I <3 You baby ! 
We were given : Two hands to hold . Two legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . 2months 20 days ! 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter !! 2months 25 days !! 
Looking for a Car again !! Woot Woot ! 2 months 29 days . 
Lifehouse - From Where You Are ! . . . 2 Months 30 days 
is helping a little girl sell girl scout cookies .... ha ha !! 2 months 31 dayz 
Has her student < PROPFEMALE > all paid off !!!! Woot Woot !! 3 Months !! 
May have sprained her wrist at work but ..... Finished her test in twenty minutes !! Glad its over with ! 3 months 1 day ! 
Has alot to do today .... i guess i will just take it one step at a time . 3 months 3 days . 
can't think ... 
why do i have to lose everything ?? THe few good things in my life are slowly getting taken away one by one . 
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Desperate for changing , starving for truth , closer to where i started .... 
I got two pickles ..... I got two pickles ...... i love the little rascals !! Oh ... tay ! 
I can't read these feelings inside of me .... 
Just don't give up , i'm working it out , please don't give in , i'm going to let you down .... it lifts me up .... need a second to breath ... it just keeps coming around ... yeah !!..... what do you want from me ?? 
went out on the four wheeler with dad today ..... he drove us right through water and got my feet wet then through mud and got my legs and feet muddy .... then what does he do ..... finds dry dirt and speeds up flinging the mud everywhere i am covered !! 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I Love You ! Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense . Never let your praying knees get lazy . And love like crazy ! Always treat your woman like a lady , never get to old to call her baby . Never let your praying knees get lazy .... and love like crazy !! 
test tommorrow than no class until wednesday of next week .... woot woot !! 
remember ... remember ... remember ....... man i am getting sick of memorizing chemistry things just to get test anxiety when the test is handed out !! 
finally getting my own bow !! 
Got my bow fixed for the moment waiting on the arrows ..... so i can change the sight right on ...... its exciting 
lab report due at one ..... and then nothing until wednesday !! WOOT WOOT ! 
I hate getting sick ..... I think it is just a cold though .... thank goodness 
ok I swear it must be the life of a college kid ..... when you go to bed late , and your up at the crack of dawn ...... work , school , more school , homework , more work , then maybe i can sleep ..... oh wait a vacation , YEAH !! easter break and guess what ...... i get a cold .... this is ridiculous !!! 
Is so sick of this ....... I think i may have strep , the truck is acting up again .... i have alot of plans for tommorrow that know won't work .... oh geez ... what else can go wrong ? Can i just go back to the good ol days ? 
planning planning ...... PLANNING ! I am not much of a planner why did they give this job to me ? I normally just go with the flow and make my own path .... 
Is going to go crazy ..... I almost have nothing to do !! 
this is going to be a crazy weekend !! 
Out of ammo ..... Out of ammo .... I know i am out of ammo stop telling them that ..... gosh .... dumb Medal of Honor . :P 
Had the most amazing weekend ...... And has had the song \I can be your hero baby\ " in my head all weekend now ! " 
Is writing her last lab report for this Chemistry !!! Finally !! 
Sing to me the song of the stars , of your galaxy dancing and laughing and laughing again ... when it feels like my dreams are so far , sing to me the plans that you have for me over again ... 
Operation See Cool Monsters was about to begin . 
You know everything that im afraid of , you do everything i wish i did , everybody wants you , everybody loves you .... i wish i could tell you . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CkKblIMfmjI 
two finals left ..... please let me keep my A ..... study study study ..... two days left 
Is eating pasta with chop sticks .... yeah thats right i'm cool .... lol jk .... but its so much funner than studying ! 
Cannot wait for tommorrow night !! No more studying lol !! Woot Woot ! 
is finally done with school this semester !! 
is thinking one month till my birthday !! 
Bought a new car !!!! 
Bought a new car and is thinking about getting custom plates ... any ideas on what it should say ?? 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes .... everyone 
is sore from street hockey .... but can't wait to do it again !! 
Got my wisdom teeth out this morning ..... the swelling is gone but i still feel drugged ! 
going to brookings today after work !! 
Had a BLAST in Brookings today !! Playing Badmitton poorly and laughing so much my face hurts ! 
Made the Pizza Hut guy laugh at me and < PROPFEMALE > multiple times !! It was hilarious ! 
I just can't stop laughing ....... lol !! 
Just finished painting my room ...... good bye yellow ! 
going to play volleyball today !! YAY !! 
working the tent sale at sunshine wednesday through saturday 8-8 !! This should be interesting !! 
Bought my Organic Chemistry Book , which normally is 210.00 new and 157.50 used , for 28.95 ! WOOT WOOT 
glad to have her bed back ... 
Having a < PROPMALE > Potter Marathon today and tommrrow !! WOOT WOOT 
Fate Is Given To You ; However You Create Your Own < PROPFEMALE > . 
misses the old dayz !!! 
just got her < PROPFEMALE > money in !! 
started school today and already i have a online test to take before friday and one case study before saturday at midnight ..... and all just from my human anatomy and physiology class 
last day of classes this week .... than vacation !! WOOT WOOT Can't Wait !! 
Passed my qualifying exam for Human Anatomy and Physiology !! 
back from vacation .... another week of school and work and then another vacation !! WOOT WOOT !! 
All ready for my classes at USF now too . Just got my Student ID and Parking Permit after getting lost already ! This should be interesting !!! 
Just got home from a fun weekend !! 
Is super happy right now !!! 
I killed my fish ! 
study .... study .... study ! Just 4 more dayz !! 
I got new Fish !!!!! Yay ! 3 days 
according to < PROPFIRST > Spooner \Snow White's a whore\ " ..... lol " 
I'm not a perfect girl , my hair doesn't stay in place and I'm pretty clumsy and sometimes I have a broken heart . My friends and I sometimes fight and maybe some days nothing goes right , but when I think about it and take a step back . . . i remember how amazing life truely is and maybe , just maybe , I like being unperfect ! 
i never thought i would be happy to see the < PROPFIRST > 9-1-1 
Will miss you Uncle < PROPMALE > ! 
can't wait for conference !!! 9 dayz 
http://www.tributes.com/condolences/confirmation/89491725?condolence_id=2019014 
just watched an amazing conference !! 
just found out i Had to take a proficiency exam .... the first friday in november ! Thanks alot school for ruining my whole weekend ... oh and the next few weeks to come so i can study for it ! Dang ..... But it will all be worth it in the end . 
\Your life is your own \"" 
Can people change ? 
19 more days and it will be one of the most stressful and amazing times of my life 
Im an idiot ! Only two more < PROPMALE > i would have been fine 
playing in the leaves !! 
Its snowing !!!! 
On my way to court 
Frustrating day .... yay thats just what i wanted ..... thank you ! 
just a little annoyed with people who don't try !! 
\Your the one who pizza rolled tinker bell \"" 
Trying to catch up with old friends !! I miss Utah 
staying busy only two weeks left of school this semseter !! YAY !!! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-sMw6E8EgcI&feature=related 
missing < PROPMALE > and starting to hate snow 
change your profile pic to a cartoon from ur childhood and fight against child abuse the goal is to not see a human face until december 6th . 
Happy Anniversary Baby !!! I love you ! 
Last Organic Homework today , Finals in Organic Chemistry and Human anatomy & Physiology tommorrow . One in Criminal Justice tuesday and then done until January !!! YAY 
one final left tomorrow at 9 woot woot 
dentist appointment today ! 
going to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > 
only the 2nd day and already lots of homework 
