i want to go back to school so bad . Grinding everyday as a cashier isnt wat i want in life . I gota save up some money and get back to GTC . 

going insane at house 24/7 
i miss the good ole days back at GTC . 
Arrrg i need some good Techno/Dance music while i take over Europe on MTW2 . 
Ya got work in 1 hr and 20 at my new job wit UPS !!! 
Trying to pick up my load pace at UPS . Also hoping to go back to GTC by spring quarter . 
Hopin that UPS brings me back as a permanent par t-t ime and that i get that second job at Intelliteach . 
Made it to MIA . Wooooot !!!!!!!!!!! Happy New Years Everybody . 
Happy New Year . May your dreams and aspirations come to fruition and may you find happiness and joy in this New Year . 
Jus got back from MIA at 10 pm and already missing the Fam . Hope everyone had a good holiday . 
Its my B-day !!!!!!!! 22 yrs and goin strong 
Gota find out if i can get a < PROPFEMALE > so i can go back to school . But i dont know if i'll get it cuz i was on financial probation when i left school . 
sore from work but happy that i dont load the trailers anymore 
So want to go back to school cuz the daily grind rite now is jus way to repetitive . 
Woot looks like i can finally go back to college this summer !!!!!!! 
so bored so im playin Evony 
To a brave man , good and bad luck are like his left and right hand . He uses both . St < PROPFEMALE > of Siena 
Im back at GTC this summer quarter !!! 
cant wait till the World Cup starts !! Go Brazil or Italy 
Happy as hell that I get a 3 day weekend . Thank You Memorial Day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My Fam left for < PROPMALE > Head today hope they have fun . Just me and my pops at the house for a week . 
Happy that new blood is flowing into my clan on CA . 
Geez cant wait till school starts in fall quarter for me . The daily grind is gettin to be a real bitch 
jus got a hair cut an lost bout 5lbs of wieght in the process 
Holland FTW 
Goddam you Holland how in the hell could you lose like that ??? Oh well 
I need a vacation and to find a girl for me cuz still single 
Finally registered for Fall quarter at GTC . 
UPS = Hell . i hope that all this stupid shit they keep trying to pull will stop . 
Only a month till i go back to school !! 
Dam i need to go out more . Gota learn to dance and meet new ppl . Thank God im going back to school it'll give me a < PROPMALE > to do all of that 
im about to ban and kill mia for puking in my room for the second day in a row !!! For a 10 pound dog she eats till she pukes the next day . 
wonder if sprint knows that i can get on fb when i dont have web on my plan 
Jus got back from Stone Mt . and the laser fireworks show was da bomb . We dem good ole boys and proud of it . hope yall enjoyed your Labor Day weekend . Woot no work 2morrow . 
ah only 2 1/2 weeks till Fall quarter . Cant wait to meet new ppl and chill wit frds still at GTC . 
Awwww GSU lost buts all good . Now did the Canes win against those dam Buckeyes ? Thats rite we should have won that Championship back in 05 . 
I got a week and a half till school starts and it couldn't come sooner . Cant wait to get my degree finished and go job hunting in the IT field . 
sitting here wit my dog < PROPFEMALE > in my arms . She was freakin out cuz we took her to the vet so now i am babying her . 
Aliright school in 3 days . Hope I do well and meet up wit new and old friends alike . Oh does any one have \ 
\ 
Starting Out w/Programming Logic & Design\ 
MYLITERATURELAB DEPARTMENT PORTAL ENG 1102 WEBSITE FOR GWINNETT TECHNICAL COLLEGE - STANDALONE ACCESS CARD , 1/e\ 
Literature : Compact\ 
TECHNICAL COMMUNICATION PACKAGE GTC , 1/e\ 
if you have any of these please let me know so i can offer to buy it from you 
why . Yall gona win 
first day of school . got Cis 105 and English 102 today from 8 to 12 . 
wtf is up with the internet at GTC !!!!! oh and is anyone at gtc on Mondays afternoon or Tuesday and Thursdays from 8 am till 1 pm ? 
Why r Mrs Parks and Mrs White such ditzs ?? This is gona be an interesting quarter . 
Just saw a troll war on FB by two preteen girls over a preteen boy . WTF is the world coming to when they speak like this \I DNT KNO WHO DA FUCK YOU TALKN TO HOE ... LOL CUZ U REALLY DNT KNO ME I KILLED 2 PPL N I CAN KILL U HOE KEEP ON BITCH N U GONNA GET WAT U ASKIN FO .. LIKE I SAID LEAVE MII LIL CUZZIN ALONE BITCH FO U CATCH A CASE NOW U THINK UM PLAYIN TRY ME HOE\ " Really can these kids be anymore idiotic . " 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens ; But often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Keller 
To a brave man , good and bad luck are like his left and right hand . He uses both . St < PROPFEMALE > of Siena 
The KFC on Indian Trail is burning !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wanted to stay an watch the mother burn but my mom was like no we have other things to do . 
My cell is disconnected so if u need something send to me here . 
Feels so weird without my phone for txting . Cant wait till i can reconnect it . 
Jus got back from the Morehouse Homecoming tailgate . Was fun as hell . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > was funny as hell today hope for future shenanigans . 
jus finished watchin Walking Dead . Great series hope they have more . 
Thanks to everyone who has so far sent me Happy Birthday . Hope yall have a great day an to see more greetings from frds and fam . 
Cell is disconnected so ppl pls bear with me 
