Happy New Years !!!! May Everyone have Bledded Year . 

i have some ink that works with a Epson Printer CX3600 ; CX3650 ; CS4600 ; CX6400 and CX6600 that I would be happy to send to someone if you can use it and will send me your mailing address : There are 3- NP-N-0442-C ; 2 -NCT444Y ; 2-NPN443m and 1- NET0441 black 
My appologies to everyone who recieved unwanted emails from me . My son Corbin didnt understand that when my antivirus said it blocked something that you are not supposed to click allow . 
I've came to the conclusion that facebook is possessed by the evil virus monsters . I scan clean and scan again only to log back in to start the process all over again . 
ok 2 days 20 scans and a password change I hope I got rid of thise vile facebook virus . Everyone else be careful its hit facebook and myspace . 
My last video ;) http://www.yurafting.com/amalzlngfi1ms/ 
quit my waiting job yesterday and started a new one cutting grass at the cemetary for the city . My body is tired in ways i never thought it could be . 
Week 2 at new job my body is aching in ways that I never thought it could . Im going to bed by 9:00 and I am still tired in the morning . I keep this up and i am going to have to write a song about how i feel . 
Its bad enough that when we die that they bury us six feet in the ground , but why do we need to put a big Rock on our heads to make sure we stay there . 
A week without internet and now i am back on what a relief I thought i was slow until i was waiting for my cable company to send out a technician 
Sometimes I get out of the shower and look in the mirror and ask who ate the younger skinnier me . 
Today I saw the funniest thing while taking a walk . I saw a poster for a lost dog and right next to it was a poster saying found dog with the picture of the same dog . I wonder if anyone figured it out . 
What a day to wake up at 6:00 am to the smell of smoke , and to find out your house is on fire . and the amazing thing besides nobody getting hurt is the fact that my family heard about it on the news before the fire department even shows up . 
packing things up from the house today to put into storage I cant get used to that smoke smell . but it is amazing the patterns the soot leaves on everything . 
Have you ever had the experience of talking to someone for 2 hours about people and things that happened 20 years ago and walked away asking yourself who in the world was that person and how do they know me .? Becouse you have no clue who they were . 
I wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > christmas and a happy Yule and to cover my bases a < PROPFEMALE > christmahanuquanza may your times with your loved ones be blessed and those who cannot be with the ones they love for whatever reason < PROPFEMALE > in there . 
I refuse to admit I am getting older but I barely drank last night and I still feel like I have been run through the ringer . 
I finally Decided what my New Years Resolutions are , I am going to party more , go out more , get fat , maybe pick up a bad habit , and speak my mind more instead of biting my tongue . I may be able to keep some of these . 
My problem is its hard to look in the mirror and not say Damn !! It just doesn't get much better than that . 
URGENT !!! FACEBOOK VIRUS ALERT . An email recently went out to women asking them to post the color of their BRA . THIS IS A VIRUS !! To fix it , you must remove your bra , then go to Settings > Enable Webcam > Record Movie > . Then send to me . 
I just want to clarify something that I have observed over the years in regards to an old saying . Life is a Virgin , A Bitch is too easy . 
House Sitting for a friend who rescues spastic dogs , I used to like Dogs until this week now I think they are the devils spawn . 
Im adding cats to that list as well 
I went to the Eye doctor yesterday for the firdt time in 10 years , and asked teh doctor aftert all the tests why in the last 6 months my eyesight suddenly started getting worse . He told me my eyes were in great shape . I was just getting old . That hit below the belt and not in a good way . 
Thanks everybody for teh Birthday wishes , I cant keep up it would be easier if I could see the screen learly but bourbon has a away of multiplying everything . So Chees times 3 . 
thats clearly , and cheers , the you get the idea 
What is it about moving that makes you say this is the last time again . 
Many women are saddened by the fact that men don’t come with warranties or instruction manuals . Even if they did , what woman wants to sort through 500 pages just to see how the damn thing works . As for me , I’m glad that women don’t come with a ‘how to’ book ; I’m a ‘hands on’ kind of guy and always eager to explore , learn and share . 
In my life I have travled 48 states and 26 countries , met poeple from all walks of life and every type of background . I have known Christians , Buddists , Muslims , Hindus , Pagans , atheist's agnostics , and several others I cannot even start to list . The one thing that I have learned is that none of them are right or have the answers . They all have a piece of the puzzle but none of them show the whole picture . 
We all walk the life that we are supposed to and learn what we are supposed to learn as we go . and No one has the right to tell us that it is right or wrong . because it is right for us at that moment . 
So would everyone please accept this . and please quite trying to get me to see the world your way . Its YOUR way not Mine . I dont need to be saved , Im not lost . I have found my way and I walk this path that I create . I hope I do not offend anyone with this I just felt like putting this out there . 
Since my post yesterday , I have had 4 poeple email me and one person on facebook put out a general post saying that Jesus is Coming . I have no problem with this just tell him its his turn to bring the wine and I dont want that watered down stuff like last time and if he brings bread have the forsight to bring more than one loaf this time . 
For everyone who has been trying to reach me by phone this week it is on its deathbed I should have a new phone by Friday to catch back up with everyone Sorry for any inconvieniences . 
Only humans ‘try’ to live and love . Micr o-o rganisms , plants and animals mastered it billions of years ago . 
When the whole world HATES you , be HAPPY because you can honestly say that you know where you stand . 
The secret to happiness is dont sweat the small stuff , then know its all small stuff 
First I would Like to Say Thanks and have a happy mothers day out to all of the Moms out there . Next I would like to send an Appology out and say I didnt know the gun was loaded . 
The secret to understanding other people is to look deep within yourself and ask \Who am I Really ? \"" 
The problem with Dyslexia is I accidentally sold my soul to < PROPFEMALE > 
Note to self .... If a woman is wearing an artical of clothing that has the word GUESS on it ... Dont . 
Always remember if kids wern't Cute Sweet and Innocent there would be a lot less of them . 
I had a conversation today with someone who told me that for $200 and a weekend course all my troubles would go away . I told them that with a bottle of booze and a good movie I could accompish the same thing alot cheaper . 
How come I can watch a hundred Sci-fi movies and we blow up all the Aliens , yet when I turn on the news all they talk about is our growing alien problem ? 
On < PROPFEMALE > Trek they have eliminated the need for money and people work because they want to not because the have too . AHH I cant wait to see the next 400 years 
The heck with the so-called ‘G-spot . ’ When I’m with my lover I sample every luscious letter of the alphabet and throw in a few of my own spicy characters for extra body and flavor . 
What do you have if you have a Theologist with Dyslexia and a bad case of Insomnia ? \ 
A person who stays up all night pondering the meaning of Dog . 
Life is a Virgin . A B**ch is Too easy . 
The greatest tragedy in life is what dies in a person while they are still alive ....... WMR 
I used to be schizophrenic but we are ok now . 
A man came up to me today and said that he hadn't had a bite in 3 days ..... So I bit him . 
Funny 
It is in our darkest moments that we truly shine our brightest ....... WMR 
Note to self if you put a rubber snake in the closet . Remember that its there . 
It's just a jump to the left and a step to the right ..... Put your hands on your hips ... and bring your knee's in tight .. But its the pelvic thrust that really drives you insane ..... Lets do the Time Warp Dance . 
Here she come now say ... Mony ..... Mony ... 
Looking forward to next weekend when I go to New Orleans to see my old Friend < PROPFEMALE > Sands and catch up on 21 years of life . Think I might take a scoop and a few barrels with me to collect some free oil as well . 
knew a man once who had a shrimp boat named < PROPFEMALE > . 
I have an idea lets put a sign up on the borders between Mexico and the USA that says Welcome to Mexico and maybe the illegals will get confused and turn around . 
I went out to eat and the resteraunt gave me the senior discount .. i dont know if I should be happy or depressed . 
I used to think I had all the answers ..... Now that I'm older I realize I do , just not always the right answers . 
I guess I should have known by the way your parked your car sideways , that it wouldn't last . ya see your the kind of person that believes in making out once love em and leave em fast . I guess I must be dumb you had a pocket full of horses trojans and some of them used . But it was Saturday night I guess that makes it all right and you said what have I got to lose . 
I never meant to cause you any sorrow , I never meant to cause you any pain . I only one time wanted to see you laughing . I only wanted to see you laughing in the purple rain . \ 
\ 
if you know what im singing about come on raise your hand . 
Riding on the range i've got my hat on . I've got by boots < PROPFIRST > i've got my saddle , it's on my horse he's called TTTTRiger of course ..... I want to be a Cowboy , and you can be my Cowgirl . 
I think its amazing how when we are looking for perspective for current issues in our lives . Life brings our past to us to give us a reference to grow on . 
People used to ask me who I was . My answer is ... I am just your normal everyday average guy , I tell my jokes , Sing my songs , dance a little bit ; and try not to hurt anybody in the process . Living each day like its my last , because theres no guarantee that there will be a tomorrow . ........ I usually get a lot of stares . 
I used to hate it when as soon as I would come home from a hard day of work and would get ready to take a shower . Somebody would knock on my Door and to tell me about thier church . After I started answering the door naked they quit coming . 
3 and a half hours until I hit the road to New Orleans . 
I'm Coming < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! See you in the morning I'll be the guy jumping off the shrimp boat . 
This weekend I became friends again with someone with whom I had not seen nor spoken to in 21 years . As well as became friends for the first time with thier husband . Though in my mind this weekend went by way to fast . I will hold like a treasure forever . For today I am the richest man in the world for having this couple In my life . 
Success ... Is not measured by how High you climb . It is measured by how high you bounce when you hit bottom . 
I have Always lived my life by a code , values that I held sacred they defined me , they shaped and helped me live my life in a way felt was comfortable . Though this personal code in life has caused me much sorrow , pain and ridicule . I stood by this code throughout ; only in times when For one reason or another did I turn my back on this code has my life fallen apart . So now I say this I am who I am now live with it . 
After doing some research , it turns out that not EVERYBODY was Kung-fu fighting . It was just this one guy . 
British Petroleum(BP ) rep. < PROPFIRST > Prescott made the comment , “Louisiana isn’t the only place that has shrimp . ” His office phone number is ( 713)323-4093 ... his email is randy.prescott@bp.com ..... Give him a call or send an email ! Tell him : “BP isn’t the only place that has fuel for my car ! ” PLEASE REPOST . 
I spend too much time looking at my past thinking about what might have been and not enough time thinking about how great things have turned out . 
If most traffick accidents happen within five < PROPMALE > of home . Shouldn't everyone move 10 < PROPMALE > away ? 
I have a question ... When they ship styrofoam what do they pack it in ? 
Something to think about .... If every fourth child born in the world is Chinese and your pregnant .... and already have three children ........ 
Do married people live longer ? or does it just seem that way ? 
I once loved Two girls at one time ... < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Both were mine ... But I soon found out what they say is true ... You cant have your < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Too ... 
Why is it when someone trys something they think has gone bad They want you to try it ? 
A stranger asked me out of the blue today if I knew the secret to long life .... I looked at them and said yes I do .... Don't die . 
The stages of a mans life via playboy ... She's not that much older than me .. She's my age .. I'm not that much older than her ... That was the year I bought my first car ... 
Maybe you were thinking that you knew me well , but noone knows the heart of anyone else , 
I work with several guys between the ages of 17-20 who all claim to be < PROPFEMALE > athletes , and refer to me as being old . My Boss asked 3 of them to Dig a trench for some new water lines . After 8 hrs they only mangaged to dig 10 ft . then complained how hard the work was . 
The next day my boss asked me to continue thier work . I Dug a trench 1 ft deep and 100ft long in an hour and a half plus 2 holes 2ft wide 4 ft long and 2ft deep by hand . When finished I asked the guys if they wanted to go work out with an old man . I have yet to get any takers . 
I keep getting posts to boycot BP , I just want everyone to think about one thing . Not buying gas will put a dent in BP's wallet . But not all oil that is Drilled is used for Gas . 90% of all plastic items in your home is made with oil , your cell phone , your plastic bottles , computer keyboards , Cups , Dishes . Your shoes , your clothes . The interrior of your car . Your tires , 
hoses various other parts . Women a lot of beauty products contain petrolium products lipstick , some moisterizers . Vasaline is a petrolium product . Just look around your house . I think BP should be fined to the < PROPMALE > but people are going about it all the wrong way . 
Where ever you are goes my love .. and ont you ever doubt it .. When you kiss the stars above . Embrace the wind and hold me tight . 
I recently had a Talk with a friend about lost love .. I said that love is never lost .. Its right there .. Someday I wished to fly to the stars and brush my fingers across them ... But I cant .. I said that is lost love .. It's all that and more . It's beautiful , dazzling , and wonderful to look at but it's just out of reach . So appreciate the fact that you at least had it to lose . and gaze upon it with a smile of satisfaction . 
I never understand why people fear death .. It's the only thing we know we are going to face in the world . 
The universe has a rythm , as well as the earth .. If people would just sit down and relax listen and feel they can tune into that rythm . once you have tapped into the flow its amazing how easy life becomes . 
I am so thankful for bluetooth headsets , now I can walk around all day and talk to myself out loud and not worry what people think . I can just say I am on the phone . 
Love is the only thing I have found that makes us fly higher than the sky , and knock us down so deep that we wonder if we will ever see it again . 
It amazes me that sometimes while searching for answers to one question , we find all the answers to the the questions we were afraid to ask . 
I efuse to live < PROPFEMALE > world without magick , because without why should we dream ? 
It is in our darkest moments that we shine our brightest . 
I want to put on my , my , my Boogie shoes ... 
Decided to start dating again , help me out here .. Do I bring the handcuffs ? or do they ? When am I supposed to tell them my safe word again ? And which one is supposed to get tied up first ? its been a while . 
When searching for the meaning to lifes mysteries . It seems I learn the most when I forget what the question was to begin with . 
Everyone that I ask to be my friend , or who has asked me to be thier friend here on facebook that I have accepted . Is here for a reason . Everyone here in my FB family because you have inspired me at some point or in some way . Though many of you I have never met , nor you me . Your friendship is still special to me . May I inspire you in some way as well . 
I hate one way streets that dont go the way I need them to . 
I screamed to the universe .. Why Me ? The Universe screamed back .... Why Not ? 
If you follow all the rules then you miss all the fun . 
There are moments that I hold so tight I almost break them , I bring them out when it gets cold Lord its cold at night .. 
two wrongs may not always make a right , but three rights make a left .. 
I would lie for you ... And Thats the Truth . 
The problem of being a well known local psychic is when Sexy women call me and say they want my abilities they are never the ones I want to demonstrate to them . 
I went to Burger < PROPMALE > today and they were out of Hamburger meat . Can they lose thier crown for that ? 
I was at an event this weekend and kept being interrupted by a person who was a little too proud of thier native american heritage and kept interrupting everyone with the fact that they were part native american . So during one of thier interruptions I spoke up and said that my family was part Indian . 
This caught thier attention . I then said that they were from New Delhi which got a few chuckles and a strange look . I then said I was sorry it was my mistake they wern't from New Delhi they owned a Deli ... The room started laughing and the joke went completely over the persons head . 
My advice today is believe in something .. It doesnt matter if it causes you to be picked on , shunned , looked at wierd or what . If you truly believe in something when everything else is going wrong in your life and you have nowhere to turn . turn to your beliefe and hold on to it . Its amazing how it can get you through those tough times . 
It is so easy to look at another persons life and say I am going to help you because I think that you need it . But we forget to take into consideration that sometimes those people do not want or need your help at that time . Most poeple know when they are over thier head and will ask when they feel that the time is right . 
We are all on our own personal quest for fire . That spark of inspiration that makes our lives fulfilling . That one thing that sets us apart and tells the world that we are somebody and a force to be reckoned with . 
Life is the only thing you lose by finishing first . 
Too many people worry about what can go wrong tomorrow without realizing that life needs to be enjoyed today . 
I'm tired ov living in a world without dreamers . Why does everyone have to take the world so serious all of the time ? 
I had the strangest dream . there were no politicians , the Government worked for the people . Immigrants actually came to < PROPFEMALE > Legally and those that came illegally were shipped back home . You could only get Govt . Benefits if you paid into them ; taxes were fair . The Economy was good states would cut meaningless programs to save money instead of school funds . It was scary . 
I was once asked if I was prejudice ? I said no ..... I hate everybody . 
I just heard of a strip club that caters strictly to blind people .. Talk about a whole new meaning to hands on . 
I never wanted to sound like my parents but here it goes ... The more I work with the youth of today the more I realize how scared I am for this countries future . 
One of my coworkers today asked me what type of women I liked . I told him I liked the same type of women That i liked when I was 18 and in High school . But now they think I am a creepy old man . 
Everybody dies , but not everybody lives life . 
What a day I walked in this morning and told my boss that I wasn't leaving because a job I interviewed for decided to go with someone else . Then 2 hours later had to tell him that they offered me another posistion instead and was leaving as soon as the paperwork could be processed . 
Thought for the day . If < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was such a great architect how come he had only one bathroom for 3 boys and 3 girls to share ? 
think about how interresting life would be if we didn't have false fears . 
It's Friday !! Do you know where your paycheck went ? 
Someone asked me how to deal with bad breakups the other day my answer was < PROPFIRST > Daniels and < PROPFEMALE > Cline works wonders . 
I asked my boss today why we were doing a particular job , when there was other work that needed to be done . His response was to tell me he was the boss and that I wasn ; t qualified to do his job . Which my answer was to tell him I looked up his job description on the city websight and that he was right I was overqualified . He immediatly dropped the subject . 
The other night I went out and a woman asked me what my sign was ? I answered Rough Road Ahead . 
Question if women really want honesty in relationships how come they put on skin tight clothes and ask us if it makes them look fat ? 
Life isn't a competition , have fun and do not take everything as a setback . When life hands you failure sit back make fun of it and be thankful that you at least had the oppertunity to face the challenge in the first place . 
The Great thing about being immortal is that eventually you will out live everyone who is a pain in your backside . 
Life is whats happening while your doing everything else . 
Paste this if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass , except a foot up the ass , but , we can raise awareness . 93% won't repost this . They need a foot up the ass too .. 
The problem with being the best is eventually you are only competing with yourself . 
What a week got laid off from one job and got word to start a new job on Tuesday . 
The one thing I like about life that most poeple forget about is that when we close the door to one chapter of our life we are opening the door to a new one . 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that ...... life is busy .. but you will ALWA ... YS love them . Re-post if you are blessed to have @ least 1 of these friends 
Day 2 of new job found out that nobody here has seen < PROPMALE > Horror picture show . I dont know if I should feel sorrry for them or educate them ? 
I like the rain ... It settles the dust . 
Dear Red cross : Every 2 years I have to re-certify my CPR and First aid certificates . This wouldn't be bad if you would just keep everything the same instead of completely re-writing the book . 
To those of you who understand this ..... I wish you well at this closing of the year . My the year ahead be filled with great fortune and many blessings . And know that with only a little effort that all your wishes come true . 
So nice I went to the the City employees health fair yesterday and had myself tested outside of the fact that I was told to exercise to tone up a little bit . I was told I was better than perfect . I could have told them that . 
Bitter people are like coffee .... Sometimes you have to stir them up a little bit to find the sweetness in them . 
Put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed at Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . Over 50 citizens died in the terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% of people won't repost this , but will you be part of that magical 7% that will ? Repost to show your support of Dumbledore's Army . 
When company's take the sugar and the fat out of their products . Then advertise same great taste . Do they actually taste the product they are putting out ? 
Decided to vote this year for all of the candidates that either had the hottest wives or the hottest daughters . 
Sometimes doing the right thing isn't whats right . 
I used to get upset when people would say I was weird or strange . Then one day I realized that it didn't matter because at the end of the day I didn't have to take off the masks that most people wore . I may not have ever had the circle of friends that most people had around them but I know that the friends I have are real . and accept for who , or whatever I am . 
Went and sang Karaoke last night and sang \ Life is a Rock\ " By Reunion and nailed it . I feel like a Karaoke god today . " 
I owe !!! I owe !!!! it's off to work I go !!! 
I must love my computer because it isn't laying on the ground outside from where I wanted to throw it through the window . 
Farmers work their farms from the crack of < PROPFEMALE > , until the books are done at night . In 2010 there have been 438 farmers killed on the job in the U.S. They produce the food that keeps us alive , and 85 farmers ' children have been killed on their farms so far this year . Every meal is a good ... time to think of the people who made it possible . REPOST if you're a farmer , love a farmer , appreciate farmers , or eat food 
Signs things are changing in my life ... When I was 21 people said I looked like a young < PROPFIRST > Costner , When I was 25 I looked Like Keanu Reeves , at 37 I looked like < PROPFIRST > Seagal , Last night I was told I looked like < PROPMALE > Rickman . I like the fact I look like an actor . I'm not sure I like looking like more mature actors . 
Somedays I am so happy I don't care . 
I have to keep reminding myself that even though it is socially and proffessionally expected of me to \Act\ " normal in certain enviroments it is extremely boring . " 
After Years of observation and study , I have came to the conclusion that people would rather make up excuses and live in misery , Than simply get rid of the problem . 
I would rather live a short life being happy enjoying the simple pleasures , as opposed to a long miserable life with little to enjoy . 
It is easy to look back an say how our life would be if we chose the other path . But what we don't realize is the lessons that we learned while walking the path that we are on . 
Life is funny . I ran into an old acquaintance of mine the other day . The last time we saw each other he tried to shoot me . and I stabbed him . We are meeting for drinks next week . go figure . 
Mr. President , \ 
I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to \ 
save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down \ 
congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an \ 
increase in pay , why would we continue raising pay for those w ...... ho take no\ 
risks and reap the benefits ? Keep it going if you agree 
Thanksgiving and Christmas the time of year when we have to get together and get along with the people we spend the rest of the year avoiding . 
Thankful for old enemies calling me up at the last minute to tell me that they have been called out of town and have to reschedule . 
Remember when you are walking the path to nowhere you are still going somewhere . 
Ok Thanksgiving is over now its 4 weeks of pushing shoving yelling and trying to not get ran over until Christmas . 
Don't worry if people hate you . At least then you know how you truly stand with them . 
Remember you are nut successful if you end up in life where everybody else says you should be . 
Everybody Lies , Honest people just know that they are bad at it . 
I didn't think I lived in a bad neighborhood until the cops pulled me over to tell me they were rooting for me . 
If you dont believe the world is small I dare you to go to any Walmart in the country and wait . Eventually someone you recognize will walk through the door . 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without medicine . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without equipment . Veterans go without benefits ! Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries without helping our own first ! 1% will re-post ... and 99% of people on FB won't have the ... spine or guts to re-post . I know I am that 1% !!!! ARE YOU ??? 
I love Bluetoothe headsets now people dont look at me stange when I am talking outloud to myself . 
When I was young I was told that happiness was the key to life . When I went to school , they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up . I wrote down \happy . \ " They told me I didn't understand the assignment and I told them they didn't understand life . " 
It amazes me on how stupid politicians think the American people are . When the Democrats have enough votes in both the house and senate to pass any < PROPMALE > they want to . And yet say they cant because of the Republicans . Yes the Democrats lost a ton of seats in the recent election but they are still in charge until the end of January . Come on people wake up . 
Always remember that at the end of every American is the words I can . 
23 more days and people will get thier sanity back . 
Life is not perfect , but think about how boring it would be if it were . 
Happy ChristmaHanuKwanza everyone . With Yuletide cheer . 
I am not admitting I am crazy , but if you listen real carefully sometimes what the Rice Crispies are saying makes sense . 
I am not saying that it's cold but a bird just hit my house and shatterd . 
I am a firm believer in reading food lables , However I have yet to find out how much whiz is in Cheese Whiz . 
Always remember that you may not always get what you want out of life . But most of the time you get what you need . 
Starting today the days start getting longer again . 
This is one of those my get up and go , got up and went days . 
IMPORTANT !!!!!! PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons , 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this ! 
I am off to do my last bit of Christmas shopping , Called the Armory to try and borrow a tank to handle the traffic they said that they didn't have one but would rent me a rocket launcher instead . I am on my way to pick it up right now should be a blast . 
Ok I had to pull in a few favors from the Weather Gods but I hope you all in Northern Alabama and Southern Tennessee liked your white Chrismas this morning . 
I know my estranged wife still cares about me she got me the super sized box of Cheerios for Christmas so she doesn't want me dead too bad . 
Where ever you are in life no matter how good or how bad it is because of the decisions you made to the cirmcumstances that life threw at you . 
I decided for the next couple of days , until the new year I am going to pass on advice and wisdome that I have learned over the years some of it is good some of it is questionable and all of it doesn't apply to everybody . take what you need and either skip or pass on the rest and have a good year . 
If you are driving a < PROPFEMALE > , and you are complaining about the payments , maybe you should have settled for the Honda , it doesn't look or sound as impressive but its better than walking when it gets repossessed . 
Sometimes its just a whole lot easier and better to walk out of a relationship than spend all of your spare time coming up with excuses to why you should not be in that relationship . 
Poeple who complain about too much drama wouldn't if they would just walk away from the situation . If not then you invited the drama into you life so deal with it . 
Sometimes not hearing from someone or about someone is just as good as hearing from them sometimes better . Like I say to certain people all the time if no one has contacted you about me you know I am still alive . 
The older I get the less I care about the little stuff , and its all little stuff . 
We all complain about what our politicians are doing or not doing in Washington but how many people have actually emailed or called thier represenatives to do anything about it . Telling everyone else doesn't solve the problem telling the ones causeing the problems might . 
And this : Alot of arguments would be avoided if one or the other would just swallow thier pride and say I am sorry . 
It is hard to say the word \NO\ " especially to people we know . But let me tell you once you say it the first time . It gets alot easier . " 
Its natural and comforting to surround yourself with people who see the world as you do . But you can't grow that way . 
Acceptance is allowing other people to decide what is right for you . But happiness comes from deciding you deciding what is right with you . 
I didn't come into this world to make anyone happy , I came into this world to make me happy and maybe point a few other people in the right direction . 
Stupid people are a dime a dozen I just wish I could find the person handing out the dimes and kick the living daylights out of them . 
My lesson for today sometimes the harder you try to lose , the more you win . 
People get stressed out in the winter time , because there are no fireflies to remind us about the simple things in life . 
A friend of mine was complaining because they don't have anyone to go on trips with . So they never go anywhere . I told them that most of the trips I took by myself were some of the best . I could go where I wanted , sleep in if I wanted and didn't have to argue about anything along the way . Meeting people along the way that made it fun . Learning about them and where they come from . I already knew about my friends . 
I was telling a story about a road trip I took and getting lost for hours and all the stuff , I seen and experienced . The person I was talking too asked me why I didn't have a map . I said I had a map and a gps . But if I used them I wouldn't have been lost and wouldn't have had as much fun . 
I dont believe in the saying dont talk to strangers , they are the interresting people . dont follow strangers to thier cars I can accept 
Life is too short to have regrets . 
I wish schools would realize that teaching history is more than just dates and names . Tell the stories that lead up to it , show the human side of the equation then maybe people will actually learn from history . 
If you are determining how your life is by everybody elses standards , you are always going to come up short . 
There are days that I feel like I am ten foot tall and Bulletproof , thens theres ten minutes ago when I stubbed my toe and screamed like a baby . 
What I like about New years is that its 10 months that I don't hear anything about Christmas . 
It's Monday , Do you remember where your job is ? 
When asked to use the word horticulture during a game of Can-You-Give-Me-A-Sentence , : You can lead a horticulture , but you can’t make her think . 
The two most beautiful words in the English language are ‘cheque enclosed . ’ 
I would have such a hard time getting out of bed in the morning . if it wasn't for the fact I can't wait to see myself in the mirror . I ger < PROPFEMALE > much better looking each day . 
A man can be happy with any woman as long as he does not love her .... < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
I just found out that Saint < PROPMALE > is the patron saint of Prostitutes ... I may have a whole new opinion of Christmas . 
A friend of mine told me he signed up for a MMA fight so that he could prove how tough he was , I told him how stupid he was , his response was to ask me the toughest thing I ever did . My answer was I walked into the meanest biker bar I could find and ordered a glass of milk . 
The only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about . < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
Nothing on tv so I picked up a shell from my shelf and tuned to WOCN cool waves 24/7 . 
A person asked me last week what my opinion of marriage was my answer was \It's an institution that has ruined a lot of great relationships . \"" 
I just saw someone park thier car in the middle of the street , get out and go to the door of a house , then when thier car got rear ended becouse another car couldn't stop and slid into them they got mad . I love my window . 
I would like snow more if it wasn't so gosh darn cold . 
If you never offend anyone , then you are doing anything . 
I need a dirty woman . 
A religion that takes no account of practical affairs and does not help to solve them is no religion . \ 
Mohandas Gandhi 
Action expresses priorities . \ 
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind . \ 
An ounce of practice is worth more than tons of preaching . \ 
If you step up to the edge , and take a leap of faith , and you hit bottom . ... You should have measured the bungee cord better . 
Some people are so cold hearted they will cry over you at an accident just to put salt on your wounds . 
The older I get the less I care , the less I care the less complicated life is . 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( Let's see who gets it and follows the instructions . ) 
I was talking to a person this weekend about failure . In order to fail , you must have something to lose . I told them thats why I can never fail . I came into this world with nothing and I still have most of it . 
Everyone screws up once in a while , Politicians make a living at it . 
So many people are looking for love , and coming up short . Learn to be happy and love yourself and when you are no longer looking for it , it has been my experience it shows up . 
Somedays your the sky , Somedays your the tree , some days your the bird , and some days your the car under the tree , under the bird . 
Global warming my A ** . 
Always remember that even the most friendliest of dogs will sometimes bite you for no reason . 
HOPE ... Without it there is no need for a tomorrow . 
Payday .. 5 Minutes of excitement at seeing that money in your bank account , only to get depressed as you pay your bills and watch it dissapear . 
Went to the CSI Exhibit at the Space and Rocket center Here in Huntsville had a great time . 
Overheard conversation ..... You are not my Boss , God is my boss and I am GOD .. it was hard not to laugh . 
I think alot of problems could be solved very quickly , if it wasn't against the law to his someone over the head with a 2X4 . 
The biggest problem with the US and War is politics , If we could fight wars without politics , and not deal with the consequences until it is over , There would be a lot of soldiers home right now . 
Life is simple , its everything else connected with it thats hard . 
If you want my respect , be brave enough to believe in something and stand for it . But open enough to at least hear the other side . Whether you agree with it or not . 
I know WHO I am , I know WHAT , I am am . I just fall short in BELIEVING it sometimes . 
Happiness is great , but its our pain that reminds us that we are alive . 
I wish I was successful , but I can handle just being pretty . 
Everyone gets so intent about winning , sometimes I just like to enjoy the game . 
An old Indian taught me a new word to get through work without any hassles . \ 
KYPHS MYOB : Keep your Pie Hole Shut and Mind Your Own Business . 
40 down , 160 more to go . 
Thank you everybody for helping make this a great birthday . I am now about to go out and find me a couple of 20 somethings to celebrate it right . 
Thanks again everyone for the birthday wishes . I will probably be hating myself in the morning but had a great day . Thanks 
The day after I woke up an hour early , No headache and feel surprisingly refreshed . There must be something to this idea that things get better with age . 
Took out a 3rd mortgage to fill up my truck . 
If you want to live forever , sit in a doctors waiting room . Time is much slower there . 
I'm confused , food prices are going up because of world demand , which the food that we are short on is grown in the US , Gas prices are going up , because of world demand , and yet the US exports it's own oil to other countries . And Jobs keep disapearing because companies are moving over sea's because its cheaper . and our soldiers are fighting for other peoples freedom . What ever happened to the idea of US first ? 
Wait for it , sometime within the next 24 hours some preacher is going to come on to national television and say that the earthquake and sunami that hit Japan was Gods revenge for them doing something in the past . 
The only thing I like about daylight savings time is now half of the clocks at home are now right , the other half are an hour off . I think I am just going to lable them summer and winter . 
Sometimes theres nothing more comforable than new socks . 
Today I have decided to please as many people as possible , I am going to start with me and if there is any time left when I am done with that , I will get to the rest of you . 
Ahh St Patricks Day !!! Green Beer , Beautiful Redheads and everyone passed out in the street . I love this day . 
You might be close to your family , You may have the greatest friends in the world . But the only person who will always be there with you through thick and thin and has the greatest influence over your happiness and welfare is yourself . 
I keep hearing all these reports about obesity in < PROPFEMALE > , and they keep trying to change the menu at all of my resteraunts to be less fattening . I think if they make it mandetory that everyone under the age of 65 had to go out in public naked twice a year . Everyone would be motivated to go out and excercise . 
Someone asked me today who I confided in when things went wrong in my life . I said no one . They then asked me why not , and how could I handle life that way ? I told them it was no problem . I was always there . Besides most of the time other people cant handle thier own problems why should I think they can help me with mine . 
Loneliness is not being alone . it's not accepting what great company you really are . 
Nothing scares me more , than when a senator goes on tv and doesn't have a clue how the government works . 
Every time I watch the news . A thousand Acres and a no Trespassing sign looks more and more appealing . 
It's hard following your heart when everyone else is telling you are wrong , even though you know you are right . 
I went to a group meeting the other day and there was this new guy who spent 2 hours talking about knowing various big name authors and celebrities in this circle . Later on someone asked me what I thought of him . I said Until I introduced myself he never heard of me . So I wasn't impressed . 
The problem with knowing all the answers on how to fix the countries problems , is that nobody really wants to hear what they are . 
Great new I just heard , that the Govt . Is going to pay off everyones mortgage . Find jobs for teh unemployed and buy my gas for a year ... Darn I just looked at the Calendar . 
If you sit back and be real quiet , and really listen to what politicians say . You still hear nothing . 
Sometimes you look down at that sleeping child and smile and say I made that ... Then all of a sudden you ask yourself what was I thinking . 
No I do not have all the answers ... I am not too sure what the questions are . 
