Happy New Years !!! 

I finally took the right step , to move my life forward ... This is great :) 
My brand spankin ' new 32in HD LCD wall mount TV . It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen . 
Waiting for the bbq 2morrow . It's gonna be fun . See ya all then 
Want's to say thank you to everyone who has accepted the support our troops cause invite that I sent out . 
People suck 
Happy Halloween everyone ! 
I finally did good , I lost 52 pounds and then the damn turkey day comes ... How can anyone turn down all that awesome food ! 
I don't check here often so if you have somethin to talk about PLEASE send it in a e-mail message . I may never see it if you don't . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone !!! 
Wow what a gift ... I am no longer single . < PROPFIRST > and I are now together . Our anniversary will be christmas day . How perfect for me is that ? 
happy new year !! Hope everyone gets as drunk as i will lol . Stay safe !!! 
Wow . I moved to Wisconsin a couple weeks ago . It's like another world . Everything moves slower and the people are so much nicer . It's GREAT ! 
Wow . What a week . At least things finnaly seem to be going good :) 
Well life is wonderful . I found a great new roommate , a awesome new job , and I have just started taking college classes in biz managment , nurses assistant , and home remodeling and repair . Six months I'm done ! And then welcome good life ! I have had way to many set backs and now I'm on a roll . No one to hold me back now . Funny how life always works out for the best ! Single and lovin ' it :) 
Work , school , and life ... It's so hard to fit everything in 24 hours ... when do i get to sleep ? 
Blarneys Island is awesome ! A floating bar on Fox Lake . A little pricey but it's worth it . 
Wish me luck I'm heading in to the doc , My ribs healing ok but there maybe be something else really wrong . I'm so tired of being sick :( 
Well it's not good , but it could be worst ... I've got Pleurisy from when I fractured four ribs a couple weeks ago . On top of that I've going in for testing for Atrial Fibrillation and PCOS . This really sucks ! 
Just bought my ticket for my trip to Washington !!! What fun I'm gonna have . 
Go me , go me ... I got 100% on each of the first two exams for my Home Remodeling and Repair class . 
The long night of the insomniac ... 
Zombies , vampires , and witches ... Or maybe it's just the vicodin talkin ... 
Goodnite all 
Games are fun 
So I'm under observation from the doctor , I do have the heart issue and he's trying to find out if I'm gonna need surgery . I'm on new meds for the pluresy and I hurt :( :( . When will life just be good ? 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS . ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL . ( I grew up saying this every morning in school-its a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending ... someone ) NOW , LETS SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL REPOST AND ... NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING ANYONE !!! 
23 days and counting until my trip !!! So exciting !!! 
I hate career politicians !!! Remember in Novemeber do not vote back these people who won't listen to us ! Anyone in power of anything that we elect if they spend there time voting in what keeps hurting our wonderful country vote them out . Do not give them anymore chances to do us more harm . We are AMERICANS we are FREE !!! 
So far so good . I'm at a solid 97% for all my classes . I love feeling smart . 
Why is it the world never opens up and swallows you when you want it to ? I so sick of all the crap that I've been tugged , dragged , shoved , and have had dumped on me for the last 3 months I'm really to explode . And if I go down I plan on taking a certain couple of assholes down with me ... 
A boulder presses on my chest Stabbing pain and dull aches Sitting in a sterile white room The doctor enter's Tells me my fate I knew something was wrong I'd never guessed it could be so bad Two words repeating Atrial Fibrilation I hear buzzing I need to focus Weeks go by and he calls me in It's managable he tells me Someday I will need heart surgery To correct this battered one I have That day is not today 
I love my birthday ! 
Open to all Idol's in Palatine 3.50 u call its , 2.50 bombs , and best of all NO COVER !!!! Hope to see ya all there . 
So I am getting dragged out to a bar again !!! After last night I really don't wanna drink anymore . But Cadillac Ranch is awesome so I'm gonna go anyway . See ya all later . 
I cannot wait for Thurseday ! I'm going home for awhile . 
Happily in Seattle . Seeing the site's the views , the smell god I've missed it . And the family and best < PROPMALE > that is here ! Just got in last night and already having a blast !!! 
Gotta love the weather . < PROPFEMALE > skys , clouds on the horizon , the temp is to die for . Puget Sound is so beautiful !!! Pines trees everywhere . This is by far the most beautiful place anywhere on this earth . Washington ... How I've missed you 
I've got a head ache from hell . Someone shoot me 
Finally realizing that the man of my dreams just does not exist anywhere on this planet . I wonder what type come from Pluto ... 
Rock Band is awesome !!! Up most of last night playing . Wow gotta get the video of it !!! 
Back in Chicago . Man I miss Seattle already . It's so much prettier there . :( 
Listening to Evanecence on Utube . God they are GREAT !!! 
Just took that IQ test very interesting . I got 126 . I don't even know what a \good\ " score is . Anyone know what the average is ???? " 
got free scratch cards and WON $1 cash ! http://apps.facebook.com/scratchix/ 
Watching the news and guess what . On their lunch break 15 workers at the Chrysler Plant in < PROPMALE > were caught on camera for a wk straight at the local park drinking and smoking weed . Then they head back to work . The company has suspended them w/o pay . The union claims they cant be fired since they didnt do it while on the clock . So it's ok to be intoxicated and high while working in a plant that makes cars we drive ? 
I hate when I'm bored but to lazy to get up and DO anything ... 
I was just told by a quiz that I am the cannibus plant . ^^ 
Monday's suck . And I got up too early today . Seeing the sun from this side , :( 
I am totally addicted to Lady Gaga's \Bad Romance \"" 
Well new song stuck in my head ... Deftones- Sextape . Great song . 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > - I still got dt sextape stuck in my head . 
I hear the rain . But there are no clouds . What the hell . Ouch ... Ok I'm not dreaming 
When your friends can't explain why they voted for Democrats , give them this list . They can then pick a reason . \ 
*\ 
10 . I voted Democrat because I believe oil companies ' profits of 4% on a gallon of gas are obscene but the government taxing th ... e same gallon of gas at 15% isn't . \ 
9 . I voted Democrat because I believe the government will do a better job of spending the money I earn than I would . \ 
* 
8 . I voted Democrat because Freedom of speech is fine as long as nobody is offended by it . * 7 . I voted Democrat because I'm way too irresponsible to own a gun and I know that my local police are all I need to protect me from murderers and thieves . * 6 . I voted Democrat because I believe that people who can't tell us if it will rain on Friday can tell us that the polar ice caps 
will melt away in ten years if I don't start driving a Prius . * 5 . I voted Democrat because I'm not concerned about the slaughter of millions of babies through abortion so long as we keep all death row inmates alive . * 4 . I voted Democrat because I think illegal aliens have a right to free health care , education , and Social Security benefits . * 3 . I voted Democrat 
because I believe that business should not be allowed to make profits for themselves . They need to break even and give the rest away to the government for redistribution as the democrats see fit . * 2 . I voted Democrat because I believe liberal judges need to rewrite the Constitution every few days to suit some fringe kooks who would never get their agendas past the voters . 
1 . I voted Democrat because my head is so firmly planted up my REAR that it is unlikely that I'll ever have another point of view\ 
Keep Freedom , my God and my Guns ... You keep the Change ... \ 
Get out and vote November 2nd , 2010 ! \ 
\ 
THANK YOU ~ < PROPFIRST > Determan !!! 
LOL . I had the most interesting evening last night . Thank you guys it was a blast :) . 
Cross country movie night . It was an interesting experiment . And it work's , so much fun ! :) Like aliens check out the movie \the fourth kind \"." 
Life just ain't worth living if you don't make it complicated ! Oh brother .... 
I love watching the sun come up ... But only through a drunken haze ! Fun times !!! 
I hate when you get that feeling that somethings wrong . You can't put your finger on it then ... Bam . I really hate the doctor . 
Poke , Poke , Poke ... God I love these wars . I should start keeping track of how many and of who I'm in these wars with and post it . Lets see < PROPFEMALE > , Fesi , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > 1 , are in the lead ... 
just got facebook on my phone . So cool 
let it snow let it snow let it snow 
thinking of hosting a tattoo party . Send a email if ya want in . 
wow the snow is awesome ! I got 3 inchs out here . :) 
damn . Going to the doctor again on wed for these heart pains . Nothing is ever easy :-( 
i guess now is the time to start praying on friday im going to the hospital where they will cut me open to put a camera into my heart . Now im freaking ... 
wow its snowing again . its so pretty ! 
well after all that the doc still cant find why my white cells are 7x normal . At least my heart is ok and let me say vicodin penicillin and ib profin are an awesome mix . 
haha i have a new theme song bon jovie \its my life\ " . Bite me bad heart im gonna live like that ! " 
ok < PROPFEMALE > you are the poking master ! 
good night < PROPFEMALE > !!! Lol 
so it turns out my wbc are going nuts cause i got walking pnuemona . At least this will go away lol . Blah .... 
wow < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > as usual great party ! Im still feeling it lol 
finally found a place get to move in on the first so happy ! 
wow there was an earthquake this morning . Oh wait that was my roomie being a bitch banging on wall yelling and jumping up and down . G worked a double yesterday and another today and she does this when im sleeping 
omg what a busy day . We q 
omg what a busy day . We ran out of almost everything . Sitting at almost two times what we were supposed to do . Im sooooo tired 
oh bff you always make me feel so much better ! Your the best ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ! 
what a great christmas . House full of kids and presents what fun ! < PROPFEMALE > christmas all ! 
lol everyone better stay away from this house ! One roomie is puking her guts out and i still got this damn pnuemona . :-( . What a mess 
waiting , waiting ... Seems im always waiting on someone 
damn i hate this economy . Anyone looking for a roomie send me an email . 
its the little things that matter . And boy are they coming my way in spades . :-D 
so happy ! Moving in to my new place on saturday 
sigh ... Moving is such a pain ! But i LOVE my new place !!! 
wtf . I seriously wonder if there is anyone that is completly trust worthy . Ever time i turn around im getting screwed ! 
yeah so finally all moved in . Having a party on saturday message or call if ya wanna come 
woohoo party tonight at my new place ! Call or text for directions 
off to work . I hate the morning shift 
found the perfect paint for my new place ! And yes im gonna start tonight 
dont wanna get up ! Much fun partying last night . 
fudge you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! Im gonna win this war ! LOL 
fox and hound in arlington heights is great ! 
lol party central is going off again tonight byob starting at ten 
wow very cool . Still running ... partys at my place always make it til 6 am . Great to see you all !!! 
good morning ! And its off to work i go ... 
working 10am to 9pm sucks when i had to close last night ! And then theres the opening mod :-( . Bullshit !!! 
fudge you < PROPFIRST > !! 
please , someone tell me why some guys waddle around with their pants around their knees ? 
gotta love the day off ! Sleep til three and do nothing all day 
yum pot roast for dinner !!! 
why and how is it that almost every day off i get i get sick ? Seriously wtf 
gotta love workin the ten to two ... And wheres this blizzard they keep talking about 
k < PROPFEMALE > if i had the day off id be sleepin ... Not pokin everyone lol 
gotta love the snow ! I cant see morethan 50 feet 
nothing sucks morethan having somewhere to go and being snowed in ! 
gotta love being snowed in . Damn it get the plows out here ! 
love working 8am to 11am , 12pm to 315pm then 4pm to 10pm . This sucks !!! 
good times ! Had a few buddies over and watched a couple stunble out . Lol . Gotta love my friends ! Getting together again on fri let me know if you wanna join . Starts at ten ! 
k so the party starts at 1130 tonight ! 
damn think i caught the flu again ... Puking for the last couple hours and running a temp of 103.2 :-( . 
im so out of it . The doc shot me up with novacain hehehe ... 
anyone up for watching stargate atlantis with me today ? 
so love vic but why does it get rid of all except headaches !? 
off to fox and hound in arlington heights for the singing competion , come one come all and join in ! Starts at 9pm 
