Got CPR certified today ... now if only someone would start choking ... I want to use what I learned before I forget it :) 

is hungry , tired , curious , in pain , and cold ... 
Put a new air filter on my car yesterday and a new chain on my brother in law's chain saw ... I feel so manly :) 
Dog sitting , spending time with < PROPFEMALE > and swimming until I get all wrinkly ... this day is going to be good :) 
work then back to the pool to swim ... anyone wanna come ? :) 
enjoying a very lazy tuesday evening , then hanging out with < PROPFIRST > . Hopefully I can talk her into going out for a while ... 
Talk about random emails ... I have a feeling this is what my day is going to be like as well ... very very random ... 
long week last week ... long weekend coming up ... I need a vacation 
Must get sleep . So tired . 
out to eat with my mom ... then Borders ... 
Work then a meeting with < PROPFIRST > and then Laser Tag with the kids :) 
Glad I got to see my growth group last night ... looking forward to hanging with them this coming year . We're gonna have fun :) Now off to bed ... I hate being sick 
is soooo tired of looking at cars ... I just don't care anymore 
is going SKYDIVING tomorrow !!!! :D 
Had an amazing time skydiving ... next will be < PROPFEMALE > gliding :) 
feels like she's missing something ... 
wants to go to either Ethiopia or Guatemala on a mission trip ... now to figure out with one 
is looking forward to going back to school ... I need a break from summer vacation . 
hanging out with < PROPMALE > before going to a Bonfire ... good night all in all . Then out for a run to even it all out :) 
\Love anything and your heart will be wrung and perhaps broken . \ " -C . S . Lewis " 
Garage 1 , Car 0 ... but that will change one day .... 
I hate PDA's ... grrr ... 
Drinking hot gingerbread coffee and waiting for dinner to be ready ... 
enjoying a day by myself ... and watching season 2 of NCIS 
and yet another stressful day at school ... I can't wait to get caught up with everything ... 
just got back from school ... off to work and then out with < PROPMALE > . If there was only a few more hours in each day ... say an extra 15 would do it 
WooHoo ... Autumn's here !!! :) 
not happy ... actually very sad . Very sad , upset , and lonely :( 
I had another close call with an opossum last night ... and then a squirrel this afternoon ... I never did anything to wild life , why are they attacking me ? 
enjoying the music of < PROPFEMALE > Rowley and playing with my french press :) 
needs to make money ... reconsidering an occupation as a drug mule ... 
\I have seen your inner being . Seeing you has made me know you and knowing you has made me love you . \ " St. < PROPFIRST > " 
knows what is right , she just doesn't like the road to getting there ... 
is thinking up evil things to do that won't get her thrown into prison ... 
Did you know slugs eat catfood ? 
My left foot is getting fat ... 
I need sleep !!! 
school work ... and making french onion soup , blueberry and cream muffins , and coffee ... 
I played a video game for like the first time in 10 years yearsterday ... and sucked royally ... :) 
Feeling down and lonely :( 
I hate NCLEX questions that are so broad that could encompass three out of four answer possibilities ... what the &*#% ! @ !!!!!!!! 
gotta love fun surprises !!! I got out of working tonight :) Now off to do school work , go food shopping for a friend ... and just enjoying a good night all to myself :) 
learning all I can about Icelandic Folk Medicine .... 
I hate school ... I want to quit and find some lone mountain somewhere to sulk and enjoy my bitterness ... grrr ..... 
Hoping my headache will finally go away ... it's been three days ... stupid sinus crap 
I hate dealing with state < PROPMALE > s ... I hate how they can cancel your < PROPMALE > when you have a month left of the semester and then tell you you have to pay them back ... Death to the commonwealth ... 
Ate Sushi , played with some puppies , and had some amazing talks with some great friends ... what more can a girl wish for ? 
writing a nutrition paper then making choclate chip cookies with peanut butter cup middles :) 
what a great day , work went well , then picked up the Owl City cd , went shopping , < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > and got yet another cd I have been wanting , dinner with the family , runng , now to the shower then probably to bed . 
So I had the best of intentions of eating something healthy and fulfilling for dinner tonight after I got off work ... so what did I do ? Eat half a pound of swedish fish , sour watermelons , runts , and gummie worms , all while watching TV and drinking grape CRUSH . I think I'm going to go lick the outside of an apple in hopes it will give me some sort of nutritional value ... 
bubble bath then school work ... 
enjoying the first peace I've had for the season ... Thank you < PROPMALE > for taking some of the stress off me . :) 
Studying for my final ... I'm feeling pretty good about this ... although that feeling in the past always meant that I did horrible ... we'll see :) 
So I officially passed my first semester of Nursing Clinicals . I'm so Happy :D And I'm soooo thankful for Christmas break , I can hardly hold in my pee . 
I heard the train whistle ringing in the Mystery of this celebrated day . The mystery of how one man could cause a commotion in all lives of the world , one life could be the greatest butterfly effect of all , one child could sear himself into the hearts of anyone looking for someone greater than themselves ... how he could have changed my life ... changed the direction , motivation , and purpose of it ... how did this happen ? 
Yet another Christmas I'd like to forget ... 
curling up with some hot coffee , christmas cookies , and Bones season 2 ... oh yeah , and my school work for the winter break . 
Why can't there be a college that offers a sleeping degree ? 
And the school work over break continues ... will I have a life at all when the semester actually starts ? 
I just burnt a pancake because I was one Facebook instead of in the kitchen and now my entire apartment smells like albino squirrels sizzling to their death . Such is life ... 
29 is going to be a good year :) 
It's amazing , you're heart gets comfortable loving those close to you . Then life shreds the evidence that you ever had a heart ... 
Missing all the amazing moments at RVR ... but glad that the moments aren't limited to just that place . Looking to find God everyday , all day . 
Thinking about becoming a hired assassin ... wonder what the health plan they have to offer ? 
Tomorrow's February . This year is slipping by fast . 
I just saw the most amazing episode of House .... it gave me shivers up and down my spine :) 
There's apart of me that really misses other worlds ... and longs to live in one of them right now . 
Trying not to get pissed off by the interuptions and text messages friends and family keep sending me today .... I HAVE TO STUDY !!! Unlike most college courses , I have a total of 326 points for the entire semester . Which means I can only miss 80 points and pass ... and they don't give out extra credit or bonus points . 
Call me crazy but I'm looking forward to more snow on tuesday :) 
So completely content it's scary ... 
needs everything to change in her life ... completely 
I wonder if the snow is a sign of the proverbial \hell freezing over ? \"" 
I officially hate my life as related to school !!!!!!!!! 
I'm pretty much hating on facebook right now ... it's really sucking . It may actually drive me to Myspace once again ... 
wishing I was doing something productive riht now instead of nothing at all ... 
Feeling the weather right now ... and knowing I have to work tonight doesn't help me mood ... 
studying for my test on monday ... and hoping something sticks ! 
I wish being ripped in two tickled ... i'd much rather laugh right now 
I have been blessed by friends and family that can see the hand of God more clearly than me when my eyes have been shaded with emotions . There is no greater evidence our my God than his voice heard through the mouths of his people . 
If I could give up any part of my body and still live it would be my heart . 
Sitting in my apartment listening to Latino music from my Mexican neighbors ... takes me back to the nights in Mexico ... I miss that place so much 
And the healing has begun ... 
So I've decided that if I don't pass this semester I'm not going back to school . I don't know what I'll do but I'm done with HACC . The York Faire's coming upand carnies always fascinated me ... 
When will this nightmare end !!!! And when will I stop hating everything !!! 
wonders if my patient is still alive or if I was one of the last people in this world to hold his hand ... 
In the midst of the storm through the wind and the waves and when the stars refuse to shine and time is no more ... You'll still be faithful ... 
Preparing for a wedding this weekend !!!! Can't wait !!!! 
Going to the chapel and she's gonna get married .... :) 
After an amazing weekend and seeing two amazing people get married ... I'm having an amazing day .. and I feel amazing :) 
I want to run away , anyone wanna come ? 
I don't like my thoughts right now ... 
For some strange reason , I'm in the mood for silly romance movies ... too bad I have to work 
I wish I could offer more . I wish I could hold onto you until the darkness was over . I wish I could walk through this valley for you . I wish I didn't have to sit back and watch you hurt ... 
Wow < PROPMALE > and i should be banned from spending time together . We always end up doing something crazy ... 
\Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out ? \ " Love that movie :) " 
< PROPFEMALE > ON ! This is not a journey for the weak and feeble minded ... 
That's it i'm done ! You've slapped me in the face enough . If you wanted me to remember , i have . If you wanted me give up , i have . If you wanted me to not be me anymore , well i'm barely me now so congrats . Do with me what you will . 
Feeling September ... 
Three more days of clinical , two weeks of school , one test and one final to go before it's summer .... then I may disappear for some time . 
Why do I always want to sleep ? I dreamed of sleeping last night , it's sad . 
Can't sleep , too much on my mind ... 
Wow , I have been blessed with the most amazing small group iin the world ... Thank you for the joy in the darkness Abba ... 
\So what happens when the heart just stops Stops caring for anyone The hollow in your chest dries up And you stop believing ... \ " Thanks Glen :) " 
After a hard day at clinicals now I have to go ut up with crap from work ... who knows maybe I'll be suprised and it will turn out good ? 
Enjoying my freedom ... first time in months 
Feeling peace about everything ... and loving it ! 
Not the greatest day in the world ... but at least there's car shopping and tennis in the near future ... 
Last day of school before the final ... I'm so happy :D 
I should be studying but i'm not . I could be working out but again ... I'm not . Bad me :) 
I want to go to Fez ... 
So I'm running away to join a circus and I'm going to be the girl who gets carried by elephants ... 
was just attacked by a swarm of small house moths ... see this is what you get when you feed squirrels peanuts !!!!!! 
Hey growth group ! Sleepover is tonight at 5 pm . Hope you can make it ! I'll be driving up to church sunday morning so your parents can pick you up there . If you need directions getting to my place tonight let me know ! 
Uggghhh , I have my final tomorrow morning ... I can't wait until it's over , this is one semester I would like to just put completely behind me ... 
Unless you have something positive to say to me or about me , I would appreciate everyone leaving me alone for the next few days . I've had enough ... 
Rest with your husband and your Savior now , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . You were an amazing woman who left your impression on everyone you met . I'll miss you . 
I'm blessed by the people in my life who are building me into the woman I am meant to be and humbled by the knowledge that I still have a long way to go . I have a vision of that woman that will not be crushed or broken . I know my strengths and weaknesses , and I know the value I have in Christ . No matter the future , I will finish strong . 
I need to run ... I need to feel the wind on my face ... too bad I hurt my hanstring ... :( 
I am so tired of living my life ... 
going to the gym .... be back in a few hours ... 
May you find rest Uncle Butch ... I'm proud to have known you . I'll miss you until the day we are reunited again ... 
I've never felt so ordinary , so expendable , so overlooked as I do right now . 
and life makes room for one more ... my uncle died yesterday and I'll have a new nephew born today ... it's like a bitter sweetness in a way ... a happy sadness ... 
After getting to meet my new nephew , I'm off to the gym ... I promise pictures will be posted soon :) Welcome to the world Baby < PROPFIRST > ! 
watching Lord of the Rings ... for the next several days :) 
So now I don't feel safe being at home alone ... or leaving alone , or coming home alone ... this sucks 
And another horrible day down the tubes ... I figure , if I get them all out of the way now then I won't have any later in life ... 
I've decided to become a boy . It seems as though my talents , personality , and spiritual gifts would have all been better gifted to a man . And as a woman , they're only getting me in trouble . So i'm going to fix what should have been fixed before i was born . And maybe in the process i'll discourage this stalker of mine as well . 
I have come to realize that I enjoy pooping so much more than peeing ... although both are wonderful things to do :) 
Working today 11:30 -4 . Come in a save me . :) 
We are going to the drive in on saturday . Meeting at my house around 8 and car pooling up . 7 dollars a person . Bring portable radios if you have them . Any takers ? :-) 
I had a rainbow happen at the end of my downpour of a day ... thanks < PROPMALE > 
I now know how < PROPMALE > felt when he wrestled with the Angel . Thanks < PROPMALE > for the great advice . Love you ! 
After giving it several years to grow on me I can now safely say .... still hate the book of Acts ... 
There are days when I feel like going into some secluded woods , driving nails into my fingers and toes , and calling it a good time would be preferable to dealing with the crap at work ... today was one of those days ... :( 
I really feel like beating something . Now if i only knew where that guy lived ... 
Going to the movies with < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
\Death is not a failure of medical science but the last act of life . \ " -Patch Adams M.D. " 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , in exchange for young < PROPMALE > Waits ' voice in my ear every night as I sleep I promise to never tell another soul that you aren't really real . Thanks so much . 
going for a run ... need to think ... 
I hate people ... 
I accidentally kicked a cat in the face ... does that make me a bad person ? What if I told you that because of that kick he fell down half a flight of fire escape stairs ? 
Can't wait for Autumn !!!!! 
I'm sticky . I hate being sticky . 
I have one really amazing boyfriend :) 
Media fast til october . If you need me call or email me . Talk to you all later :) 
I'm back on Facebook ... funny , never missed it ... 
Challenge of the day : To take out my air conditioners without bringing in the stink bugs ... but just in case I have an arsenal of supplies awaiting their presence ... bring it on ! 
\I wish to have no connection with any ship that does not sail fast ; for I intend to go in harm’s way . \ " \ 
Stuck in harrisburg waiting for AAA to get here to open my car . This is why i don't use valet parking ... And never will again . Screw you harrisburg ! 
Ever feel nostalgia hit so hard it makes you want to throw up ? 
So jumbled up ... I wish I could feel again ... 
A day at < PROPFIRST>'s never complete until someone proposes :) Haha , thanks for the fun Decoda :) 
You give and you take away . It's yours anyway . But blessed is your name no matter what . 
I've been Gnome'd!!!! 
Heart broken , angry , compassionate , sorrowful , grieving , disgust , sadness , hatred , sick , upset , frustrated , regretful , prayerful , surprised , and numb ... that's how I feel ... \ 
\ 
and yet in all of this I find peace ... 
I PASSED !!!! 
Picking up the broken pieces ... Once again 
A bitter sweetness . I passed my test ... And there's very little joy in it 
So i'm taking my nieces and nephew to see tangled today . By myself . They're all under the age of 5 . I may come out of this experience a changed person . Anyone know if insanity is in my family ? 
Dear God , i need my special dream tonight . I need peace and i can't seem to find it awake . So give me my dream and keep the feeling lingering into tomorrow . 
hiding out , watching movies , and avoiding family ... 
Feeling better , I love it when God comes down to pick me up after I've been stumbling around in the dark like my blind , diabetic dog does when my mom rearranges the furniture ... 
It has happened to me again . I have been Gnomed .... ARGGG .. < PROPFIRST > you are so cunning ! 
Brought in Christmas with the one i love :) I'm happy . 
Thank you for all the Birthday wishes ... I'll be posted pictures up soon of my trip to get pictures of thirty people I love on my birthday ... :) 
Looking forward to snow tubing with a bunch of friends tomorrow :) If anyone else wants to come it at noon at Herritage Hills 
Amazing day with great friends and loved ones :) I love you guys ! You're amazing ... 
Downloading new music while I drink some hot roasted mate tea and settle in to do oodles of hours of school work ... almost perfect evening :) 
Putting the Christmas tree away ( finally ) , putting my massage chair together , making homemade hot cocoa , and watching movies today ... i thoroughly love snow days ... 
A lot of deep thinking to do tonight ... I hate this 
Surreal moment ... just applied for Graduation .... 
And I have off of school tomorrow .... all that studying for nothing .... :) 
And HACC once again has proven their insanity by canceling school but not clinicals ... because apparently driving to school is far too dangerous of a trip but going to Hershey for clinicals is a piece of cake ... especially the drive home tonight ... at 9 . If I don't make it home , you all know I loved you ... 
Finding peace among the chaos . Wondering where this pattern God is weaving in me will lead . And praying that what time i am afraid i will put my trust in thee . 
Enjoyed some fun with a friend tonight ... apparently I am 44 according to the Wii ... 
So I've decided to change my political affiliation ... anyone know of any good parties that will never have a < PROPMALE > at winning an election ? 
Reading < PROPMALE > miserab < PROPMALE > ... And letting marius pontmercy be the lead in my dreams ... 
Congrats to my friends with their new engagements !!!! 
So much on my mind .... 
So who wants to go white water rafting this summer ? 
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God . - < PROPFEMALE > ten boom 
It's been good ... :) 
Playing my guitar and worshiping until 5 am . Couldn't have ended in a better way :) 
Sick . Stomach virus . Seriously there are times when i feel like God is trying to tell me i won't be graduating this semester , today was one of them ... 
If i could change something about my past , it would be one moment ... ten years ago . 
There are times in life where you meet someone for maybe just a brief moment and they change your world :) Thanks M.C. 
I got soaked through ... but it was still a good run tonight ... 
I wish i could stop the thoughts going through my head 
Uggg .... can't sleep ... wish I could ... wish I didn't have crappy dreams when I did ... wish I knew what was going on ... GOD !!! silence my thoughts or silence me !!! 
Good night out with friends ... happy and content ... lets see what this brings to my dreams tonight .. 
I have the best small group in the entire world ... you can all be jealous ... 
Can't sleep ... Again . This is getting old . 
I remember when i was a kid i used to go out into the back yard and look for bugs under rocks or in dark , cool areas . I loved playing with them and picking them up . I think the animal kingdom is trying to do me a favor . Instead of me going out to find the bugs , nature's bringing the bugs to me ... I miss the good old days ... 
I need to give a massage ... 
