got a game at 6 on < PROPFIRST > field in < PROPMALE > park 

DAMN IT !!!! 
seein ' Transformers 2 tonight at 12am 
is gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with gf today around 2 
Love ya < PROPFEMALE > XD 
Love you < PROPFEMALE > 
going on youth retreat . text me at 702-3492 it might take me a while to respond 
finally back from youth retreat 
can't wait for fallball 
My moves are white ... ( white hot that is ) - Cobra Starship 
is listenin to Starship Cobra . 
is goin ' to Kings Island tomorrow and is listenin ' to Cobra Starship 
Kiss my Sass - Cobra Starship 
Friday Night - House of Heroes 
Letdown - This Providence 
Tomorrow Gold : Choir , Algebra 1 , < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > 1 , < PROPMALE > 
Wolf in Sheeps Clothing - House of Heroes 
Causes without Rebels are pointless 
Causes without rebels are completely pointless 
what is with \It's complicated \"" 
what's with \It's Complicated ?!?!?!?!?!?! \"" 
Ice Skatin ' at Arctic Zone @ 7:30 
Just had a GREAT time 
Deichkind - Luftbahn 
well just shoot me please . 
\I want you to want me\ " - Cheap Trick " 
Swing Life Away - Rise Against 
Tears Don't Fall - Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > 
Zero - Hawk < PROPMALE > 
Frontline - Pillar 
Just got back from basebal conditioning ... 
is gonna have to be done movin ' by September 15th . Man i hate moving . 
Why does my life have to be like this ?! 
Warum muss mein Leben dem ähnlich sein ? 
Schießen Sie mich bitte gerade ! 
Savior - Rise Against 
Blow-off day at school today ! Yes ! 
Why can't I be like some of my friends where they are good at socializing yet I am ... I swear pretty much the shiest person I kno ... I hate that . 
Why do i have to be so freakin ' shy ?!?!?!? 
Ich Bumse böse in diesem Augenblick so 
Savior - Rise Against . Look it up . 
Baseball conditioning 
Baseball was FUN today ! 
Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > - Tears Don't Fall 
< PROPFEMALE > Bowman now has a brand new tutor !!!!! And it is so much fun ! 
just had a great time with Mackinzie ! 
had a great time at the game last night 
love , loss like a bullets path tear , through the cavity of my chest 
I walk on wounds That seldom prove to slow me down I laugh this constant pain away So you can't tell But there it lies under the smiles It drains me mile after mile But seldom proves to slow me down Here I go Should we just hold on To what remains of What we thought was lost 
justh had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
baseball condtioning at 5:00 ends at 6:45 
Liebe , Verlust Wie eine Kugel-Pfad-Träne , Durch Die Höhle meiner Brust 
just had a great time playin football suprised i only got tackled 2 times out of the like 15 times i got the ball !! 
Had another great time playin some football ! 
is listenin to Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > . They are awesome 
Collapse(Post Amerika)- Rise Against 
is listenin to a band that Grace < PROPFIRST > Abernathy got me hooked on ... Owl City 
Fuzzy Blue Lights - Owl City 
Had a pretty good day football was ok ... and is probably gonna do the exact same thing tomorrow . 
If anyone wants a * Free * Foxhound call 702-3492 because we ar giving one away !!! We can't keep her and her name is < PROPFEMALE > . 
Breaking < PROPMALE > 
Breaking < PROPMALE > - So Cold 
Bullet for my < PROPFIRST > 
This is a < PROPMALE > to set things straight , to bend or break the rules back into place , there is no middle ground , no compromise , we've drawn the line , with perfect aim , we stand back and throw , glass windows break and it's all about to blow , lights go out as we pass the torch again , in hope that is stays lit , neutrality means that you don't really care , because the struggle goes on even when you're not there 
just got done playin football 
This is a < PROPMALE > to set things straight , to bend or break the rules back into place , there is no middle ground , no compromise , we've drawn the line , with perfect aim , we stand back and throw , glass windows break and it's all about to blow , lights go out as we pass the torch again , in hope that is stays lit , n ... eutrality means that you don't really care , because the struggle goes on even when you're not there 
This is a < PROPMALE > to set things straight , to bend or break the rules back into place , there is no middle ground , no compromise , we've drawn the line , with perfect aim , we stand back and throw , glass windows break and it's all about to blow , lights go out as we pass the torch again , in hope that is stays lit , neutrality means that you don't really care , because the struggle goes on even when you're not there ... 
nearly lost my freakin dog !! i swear she doesnt understand anything i say 
Forget It 
Oktoberfest !!! < PROPMALE > through 4 !! Alot of Deutsch students coming and having fun !! 
just screwed something up ! and now i wish i hadn't said anything !!!!!!!!!!!! 
won't breathe unless you breathe , won't bleed unless you bleed . Won't be unless you be , ' till I'm gone and I can sleep . 
So we , march to the drums of the damned as we come , watch it burn in the sun , we are numb 
Hollywood Undead - This Love , This Hate 
thinks moving is so much FUN !!! No its annoying ... text me if u want texts would be greatly appreciated . 
is listenin to the radio cuz i am sick and have nothing to do ... texts would be greatly appreciated 
Girl I want you to be mine but I need to wait just a few more days I wish I didn't have to but I have to and I hope you won't be disappointed with what I say because it comes from my heart and it can't be denied if it is you will be denying my heart . 
is now in a crappy mood and don't ask why . 
Throw it away , forget yesterday , we'll make the great escape , we wont hear a word they say , they don't know us anyway , watch it burn , let it die , cause we are finally free tonight . Tonight will change our lives , its so good to be by your side , and well cry , but we wont give up the fight , we'll scream loud at the top of our lungs , they'll think its just cause were young , we'll feel so alive 
Love , loss , like a bullets path tear through the cavity of my chest . Lights , out because the fuse has blown that's how we read , you like a polygraph . Not , one single bone in your back own , up to how you let us down . 
A crack in the surface , A flaw in the plan ( Plans we made together , almost buried in the sand ) , A cadence imperfect . Like a building condemned ( can we indemnify ourselves if we don't face what we're against ) , A promise kept the dirt unswept , A poorly worn disguise ; A child unloved that then grows up to love what we despise . 
So make one last call back home , cause tonight we go in alone , and I hope that you know I'm waiting , waiting summer , do you feel me ? Everybody's singing like they're crazy in love , we made a dizzy mess of everything and it was enough ; so bring all the boys and all the girls together . 
We are the children you reject and disregard , these aching cries come from the bottom of our hearts . You can't disown us now , we are your own flesh and blood . And we don't disappear just because your eyes are shut , now tell me . Love , loss like a bullets path tear , through the cavity of my chest lights , out because the fuse has blown 
Imprisoned , inside this mind , hiding behind the empty smiles . So simple ( the anguish ) , as it mocks me , crawling back into the dark . Running , always running , into the distance . Stop me before I bleed , again . The echoes of my voice . Follow me down , the shadows I cast follow me down . Deeper i'm falling , into the arms of sorrow . Blindly descending , into the arms of sorrow 
What if I say I'm not like the others ? What if I say I'm not just another one of your plays . You're the pretender . What if I say I will never surrender ? I'm the voice inside your head , you refuse to hear . I'm the face that you have to face , mirrored in your stare . I'm what's left , I'm what's right , I'm the enemy , I'm the hand that will take you down . Bring you to your knees . \ " , 2009-12-23 14:35:46 " 
Your first impressions got to be your very best , I see your full of shit , and that's alrite , that's how you play , I guess you'll get through every night , well now that's over . I see your fantasy , you want to make it a reality paved in gold , see inside , inside of our heads ( yeah ) . Well now that's over , I see your motives inside , decisions to hide . Back off we'll take you on , headstrong to take on anyone . 
' Cause I'm losing my sight , losing my mind . Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine , losing my sight , losing my mind . Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine . I never realized I was spread too thin . Till it was too late , and I was empty within , hungry . Feeding on chaos , and living in sin . Downward spiral where do I begin , it all started when I lost my mother . No love for myself , and no love for another . 
' Cause I'm losing my sight , losing my mind . Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine , losing my sight , losing my mind . Wish somebody would tell me I'm fine . I never realized I was spread too thin . Till it was too late , and I was empty within , hungry . Feeding on chaos , and living in sin . Downward spiral where do I begin , it ... all started when I lost my mother . No love for myself , and no love for another . 
Hollywood Undead - California 
And you can take the one thing I have left , I'd give it all away for so much less . Can even take the heart inside my chest , and you can take the one thing I have left , beat me to the ground and take my breath . But you can't take who I am , and I swear we were born to let you down . We scream but never make a sound , We point but don't know which direction . We are < PROPFEMALE > right now ! 
Wounds so deep they never show , they never go away . Like moving pictures in my head for years and years they've played . ( If i could change i would take back the pain i would retrace every wrong move that i made i would . If i could stand up and take the blame i would , if i could take all the shame to the grave i would . ) It's easier to run , replacing this pain with some thing numb . 
Are you lost , in your lies ? Do you tell yourself , I don't realize ? Your crusades , a disguise . You replaced freedom with fear , you trade money for lives . I'm aware of what you've done . No , no More Sorrow . I've paid for your mistakes . Your time is borrowed . Your time has come to be replaced . 
If I could change I would . Take back the pain I would . Retrace every wrong move that I made I would . If I could stand up , and take the blame I would . If I could take all the shame to the grave I would . If I could change I would . Take back the pain I would . Retrace every wrong move that I made I would . If I could stand up and take the blame I would . I would take all my shame to the grave . It's easier to run . 
And you can take the one thing I have left , I'd give it all away for so much less . Can even take the heart inside my chest , and you can take the one thing I have left , beat me to the ground and take my breath . But you can't take who I am , and I swear we were born to let you down . We scream but never make a sound , We po ... int but don't know which direction . We are < PROPFEMALE > right now ! 
Shake up my life , lets go Back to the days when we were young and not restless . We still believed and hadn't built our defenses , I'll tell you one things for sure . Till we make the decision , we'll never take this world . Unless we make a head on collision . A head on collision , here they come now . Will you come down ? Make ' em run now , on to the next town . Here they come now , let's make ' em run now . No time to fake now . 
is pretty angry right now ... 
Papa Roach 
is getting a brand new cell phone tomorrow !! And its a freakin touchscreen !!! 
Time and Time Again ... 
cant wait for tomorrow !! 
cant wait for tomorrow and neither can < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
had a great time today with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Saints paid off the reff's all the d *** way they didn't even deserve to be in the playoffs !!!!!! 
Dang it !!!! I missed the Frackin bus so now i will have make up work !!!! And I aint even sick !!!! 
is feeling quite apathetic right now . 
Do you know what you are getting yourself into ? I'm getting into you , because you got to me in a way words can't describe . I'm getting into you , because I've got to be your essential to survive I'm gonna love you with my life . xD 
This is a < PROPMALE > to set things straight To bend or break the rules back into place There is no middle ground , no compromise We've drawn the line With perfect aim , we stand back and throw Glass windows break and it's all about to blow Lights go out as we pass the torch again In hope that is stays lit Neutrality means that you don't really care Cuz the struggle goes on even when you're not there Blind and unaware 
Kotov Syndrome - Rise Against/Awesome Band ! 
30 Hour Famine .... Started at 1pm and goes ' till about 8pm tomorrow !!! This is gonna be FUN !!!!!! 
and < PROPFIRST > just got done with football and now my arms and hands are cut up because of the ice ! 
We are the children you reject and disregard . These aching cries come from the bottom of our hearts . You can't disown us now , we are your own flesh and blood . And we don't disappear just because your eyes are shut , now tell me . Love , loss like a bullets path tear , through . The cavity of my chest lights , Out . Because the fuse has blown 
just about shattered my knee cap ... or so it felt . 
I saw you look away . Is what you've seen too much to take , or are you blind and seeing nothing ? I saw you run , I saw you run away Is what I've done too much to take or are you scared of being nothing ? There's a stain on my hand and it's red . Oh my god , am I losing it ? I can't help what I've done or I've said . It's the button I push . Hand of blood , I don't wanna feel like my heart is breaking . 
I'm not after fame and fortune I'm after you ! When I've served my time I swear I will come back for you as your castles crumble slowly . We watch them fall the crown slips from heads unworthy . Right on to ours , but I'm after you ! 
you can take the one thing i have left , i would give it away for so much less you could even take the heart inside my chest . You can take the one thing i have left and beat me down and take my breath but you cant take who i am .... 
just got my hair cut 
You can take the one thing I have left I'd give it all away for so much less , could even take the heart inside my chest . And you can take the one thing I have left , beat me to the ground and take my breath but you can't take who I am . And i swear we were born to let you down , we scream but don't make a sound . We point but don't know which direction , we are < PROPFEMALE > right now !! 
Hey , Barrack Hussein Obama , and Congress thanks for making us more Communist by passing that Health Care < PROPMALE > !!! WOOO GO COMMUNISM !!!!! 
Never again will I be dishonored And never again will I be reminded . We're living within the world of the jaded . They killed inspiration It's my obligation To never again . The thing I treasure most in life cannot be taken away . There will never be a reason why I will surrender to your advice . To change myself , I'd rather die . You can't predict where the outcome lies . You'll never take me alive . 
just got done playing the football game of the century in Lions Creek with acouple other guys !! All of you should have been there it was amazing !!! COME BACK WIN !!! 
bein sick sucks !!! >:( 
What if I say I'm not like the others ? What if I say I'm not just another one of your plays ? You're the pretender , what if I say I'll never surrender ? What if I say I'm not like the others ? What if I say I'm not just another one of your plays ? You're the pretender , what if I say I'll never surrender ? I'm the voice inside your head . You refuse to hear , I'm the face that you'll have to face . 
I already drank all the alcohol left in my house so now I sit here wide awake with a dry mouth and I just think of all the things on my mind and I just let em roll around in there a million times until its got me it grabs a hold of me baby its insomnia kids you know its driven me crazy . Turn out the lights lie my head down I lie my head down I close my eyes now all I do girl is lie here I think Ill die here insomnia 
A smile and a screw face a rock and a hard place a dream and reality . Which one would you < PROPMALE > ? So if you're listening the definition of , The Dirty Heads are here it's the beginning of , We are the last sons past generations . Left it to us to resonate . Reggae and hip hop dancehall to punk rock DH is here to generate . If you've been hated felt underrated . This one's for you we dedicate . 
86,400 seconds in a day to turn it all around or to throw it all away . We gotta tell ' em that we love ' em while we got the < PROPMALE > to say . 
If you're brave .. Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Rude . 19 : Simple . 20 : Strong . Please rate ..... :) 
Check the level cause something's coming ' over me Something's got a hold of me always controlling me It's in the audio , it's in the air , it's in the way you move It's everywhere , it's something beautiful , that you don't know So feel the audio , and let it go 
just got done looking up apartments for rent down in < PROPFEMALE > Springs , Florida , Boca Raton , Florida , and Deerfield Beach , Florida . 
A smile and a screw face a rock and a hard place a dream and reality So if you're listening the definition of The Dirty Heads are here it's the beginning of We are the last sons past generations Left it to us to resonate Reggae and hip hop dancehall to punk rock DH is here to generate We are the last sons past generations Left it to us they resonate If you've been hated felt underrated This one's for you we dedicate . 
has 6 more days ' till my first game and its at 11:30 AM on Emmerson Field at < PROPMALE > Park 
4 more days till my first baseball game 
2 days till first game , Practice tonight , and Jamboree tomorrow . 
theres a hole in me and i wanna fix it ... but i cant and there has been no way so far for me to fix it .... and there are ways i have tried to fix and there has been no reaction to what i have done yet .... and so i sit her with this hole here ... this hole in my chest ... i wish i could fix ... 
I'd give it away for so much lessCould even take the heart inside my chestAnd you can take the one thing I have left Beat me to the ground and take my breath But you can't take who I am How can I be the sameI am so tired of these charadesHow can I be the one How can I hold the gun How can I see if everyone else is to blame I don't wanna be the Don't to seeCause we don't point the fingerThink everyone else it to blame 
Hey let me hear you say Make some noise if you feels this way Hey if you got a friend like that Hey let's scream and shout If you know what I'm talkin bout Anybody got a friend like that Does anyone out there feel alone Can anyone hear me Down and out , your heart is cold It's never easy But if you believe that there is hope Then sing it with me 
has a baseball game tomorrow at 2 if it doesn't get rained out and also i have a Homerun Derby at 7 
has a game tonight at 6PM come if you would like , it is at < PROPMALE > Park Emmerson Field next to the < PROPMALE > Park Pool 
Check the level cause something's coming ' over me . Something's got a hold of me always controlling me , It's in the audio , it's in the air , it's in the way you move . It's everywhere , it's something beautiful , that you don't know . So feel the audio , and let it go , It's the six string slayer the rhyme cultivator . Picking ' home grown rhyme straight out the incubator , Cross fade to the right while I slide to the left . 
I said its hot outside , and let me go swimmin ' in your eyes 
today is going to be fun ... I have abaseball game at 10:30 today and a game at 6:00 
has a hurt toe ... got a foul tip right off of the tip of my toe and now it is swollen hand hurts like no other ...!! 
has a baseball game tonight at 8:15 
has just gotten injured the 2nd time catching for my 16-18 league team .... it sucks ... not the team just the injuries .... 
has baseball practice as soon as my dad gets home .. 
went yard during my baseball game today on < PROPFIRST > Field ! 
we've only got 86,400 seconds in a day to turn it all around or to throw it all away . 
\And the days press on like crushing weights for no man does it ever wait . Like memories of dying days that deafen us like hurricanes ! Bathed in flames we held the brand uncurled the fingers in your hand pressed into the flesh like sand . Now do you understand ?! \"" 
man it really sucks when you hurt your good knee and you have a baseball game every day from today to sunday !!... 
today just won both my baseball games my 13-15 league won 28-4 and my 16-18 team won 18-2 
Cause no matter what they said you just don't give a fuck , \ 
we have it all along we just need to figure it out . \ 
How to take the negativity and turn it all around . 
No time in my life for me to hesitate , we write these songs so we can resonate , DH is here to generate , dedicate these songs to all who can relate . 
Just got back from Youth Retreat !!! xDD where our theme was our Worth/Value it was a fun time and i went Caving for a 2nd time also I went on a Canoe trip it was one of the best weeks i have had in a long time 
\Supposedly yes we're all created equal . Then why the f *** is there so many angry people ? \"" 
\I got the keys to the city if the gates are locked . \"" 
\I feel like a hero and you are my heroine . Do you know that your love is the sweetest sin ? \"" 
Has a baseball game tonight at 6 and if we win that we play again at 815 ... and we be in the Championship B*TCH !!! xDD 
\I don't mind being knocked off ridiculed made to feel miniscule when you consider the source it's kinda pitiful when you consider the force it's kinda beautiful when you consider the choice it's quite unusual \"" 
So , pick up , and follow me , we're the only ones To fight this thing , until we've won We drive on and don't look back It doesn't mean we can't learn from our past All the things that we mighta done wrong We could've been doing this all along Everybody , with your fists raised high Let me hear your battle cry tonight Stand beside , or step aside We're on the frontline 
just spent a day with my gf at her horse shows and she did good (: also we went out and had some great Mexican food 
Walking a fine line between wrong and right And I know ... There is a part of me that I try to hide But I can't win And I can't fight I keep holding on too tight Running away from the world outside Now I am calling Hoping you'll hear me We all need somebody To believe in something And I won't fear this When I am falling We all need somebody That can mend ... These broken bones 
Everybody with your fists raised high Let me hear your battle cry tonight Stand beside or step aside We're on the front lines And we'll be carrying on Until the day it doesn't matter anymore Step beside you forgot what this is for We fight to live we live to fight and tonight you'll hear my battle cry We live our lives on the front lines We're not afraid of the fast times 
I feel the dream in me expire and there's no one left to blame it on . I hear you label me a liar ' cause I can't seem to get this through ' . You say it's over , I can sigh again . - Fine Again 
is just sittin here drinkin some Lemon Juice ... ahh nothin better !! xDD 
Truth is you can stop and stare bled my self out and no one cares . Dug a trench out , laid down there , with a shovel up outta reach out there . Yeah , someone pour it in make it a dirt dance floor again . Say your prayers and stomp it out , when they bring that chorus in . 
I'm strong on the surface Not all the way through I've never been perfect But neither have you So if you're asking me I want you to know When my time comes Forget the wrong that I've done Help me leave behind some Reasons to be missed Don't resent me And when you're feeling empty Keep me in your memory . 
my dad had to reboot the friggin ' computer so now i cant even appear online when i am online ... Stupid Computer ... 
I'm strong on the surface Not all the way through I've never been perfect But neither have you So if you're asking me I want you to know When my time comes Forget the wrong that I've done Help me leave behind some Reasons to be missed Don't resent me And when you're feeling empty Keep me in your memory leave out all the rest ! 
Discomfort , endlessly has pulled itself upon me Distracting Against my will I stand beside my own reflection It's haunting how I can't seem ... To find myself again My walls are closing in without a sense of confidence and I'm convinced that there's just too much pressure to take I've felt this way before 
Hey girl you know you drive me crazy one look puts the rhythm in my hand . 
Time after time , I've been through this , you show me what it means to live . You give me hope when I was hopeless , as my days fade to nights I will remember that state of mind . 
Cause she belongs to Heaven !! 
So baby dont worry , you are my only , you won't be lonely , even if the sky is falling down . You'll be my only , no need to worry . Even if the sky is falling down , I'll take you away . 
You the fucking best , you the best I ever had . I'll be over there , shawty , I'll be over there . Ha and you all ain't even have to ask twice . You can have my heart or we can share it like the last slice . 
this is just fucking dandy 
urg ... i have to get shots tommorow ... passed my test for my permit ... now i have to get my report card so i can actually get my fuckin permit ... 
Now the world is gone , I'm just one Oh God , help me Hold my breath as I wish for death Oh please , God , help me Darkness imprisoning me All that I see Absolute horror I cannot live I cannot die Trapped in myself Body my holding cell . Metallica - One 
This is the world we live in And these are the hands we're given Use them and let's start trying To make it a place worth fighting for This is the world we live in And these are the names we're given Stand up and let's start showing Just where our lives are going to . 
sick ... this blows ... 
goin to bed n not feelin too hot so goin early sounds like a good idea .. 
is still sick ... 
football hurts when someone steps on your leg with full force and bruises the bone and it hurts to even move your leg 
is in pain right now because of the fact i was bein stupid and my litte brother also rode his bike into mine which was his fault .. 
Don't be afraid I've taken my beating I've shared what I made I'm strong on the surface Not all the way through I've never been perfect But neither have you So if you're asking me I want you to know When my time comes Forget the wrong that I've done Help me leave behind some Reasons to be missed Don't resent me And when you're feeling empty Keep me in your memory 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noC0lJm4fQE&feature=related 
Thats just my kind of luck , but I'm not giving up . I don't know what I'm thinking she got over me ! 
For you , I would tear my self in two if it only made me , believe in you . 
I'm finished making sense done bleeding ignorance . What if I say I'm not like the others ? What if I say I'm not just another one of your plays ? You're the pretender , what if I say I will never surrender ? I'm the voice inside your head you refuse to hear . I'm the face that you have to face mirroring your stare . I'm what's left , I'm what's right , I'm the enemy , I'm the hand that took you down bring you to your knees . 
well this is just dandy ... I may get Evicted out of the shittiest apartments in Noblesville And now we have to come up with 900 dollars or we get evicted ... and these apartments aren't worth what we are paying for them .. 
We are the children you reject and disregard . These aching cries come from the bottom of our hearts . You can't disown us now , we are your own flesh and blood and we don't disappear just because your eyes are shut . Now tell me Love , loss . Like a bullets path tear through the cavity of my chest . Lights out because the fuse has blown . 
Born to push you around , better just stay down . You pull away , he hits the flesh , you hit the ground . Waiting for the one ! The day that never comes ! When you stand up and feel the warmth ! But the sunshine never comes ! No the sun shine never comes . Push you cross that line , just stay down this time . Hide in yourself , crawl in yourself , you'll have your time . 
And I know that it's so cliche to tell you that everyday I spend with you is the new best day of my life . Everyone watching us just turns away with disgust . And I'm racking my brain for a new improved way to let you know your more to me than what I know how to say . If anyone can make me a better person you could . All I gotta say is I must've done something good ' cause you came along one day and you rearranged my life . 
i said i think that we can stay here cuz i feel our time has come and we can walk down to the ocean and sit with the rising sun baby you can lay me down i been running around with you its the afternoon and we got nothing left to do i said its hot outside let me go swimming in your eyes we been running for awhile why don't you lay down i'll make you smile i could never ask for nothing better than this . 
What the Fuck is it ?!?! 
Kill your enemies , My brothers dead around me Death is creeping for me , Hearts are pounding Chaos soon ignitesThe call is made , It's one for all will i meet my maker God Has Spoken Through His Conscience As I scream aim fire The death toll grows higher Fuck this battlefield , The bullets stand around me , voices calling for me , men are crying , such a hurtful sight , The call is made , It's one for all take no prisoners . 
I'm running through the painYou're going through I want to speed to stop the hell I'm going throughThe addiction's taking you Can you see me through bloodshot eyes Should I fight forWhat is right or let it die Do I fight or let it die I will fight , one more fight Don't break down in front of me I will fight , when you fight I will fight one last timeAre you listening to me I will fight , the last fight I am not your enemy 
got my hair cut 
just got off of the bus ... and we were rockin it !! xD 
In Asylum I live a lie Don't you know I'm in love with you And I wasn't ready For Asylum Relive a lie To let go Overcome by the feeling that I will get to join you in time For the lonliness is killing me I know I'll never know a peaceful night again . Afraid they'll hear me they don't fear me , they're right behind me they're gonna find me . 
In a world beyond controlling , Are you gonna deny the savior , in front of your eyes ? Stare into the night ! Power beyond containing , Are you going to remain a slave for , The rest of your life ? Give into the night ! Let my armor fall again , Give me the strength to face them , Feeling it taking over , now On a path to take it all away ! There can be no better way of knowing . 
In a world that I dont wanna know With the message that I never wanna send To be freed from all of this I want you to quicken my end ! Dont tell me I cannot go With a wound that refuses to mend ! Deliver me from all of this I want you to quicken my end Now , you want to know You want a name You want to call me mother ****** Now , you want to know You want a name You want to say it doesn't matter . 
You see me , you see nothing , I see you , I see everything . You will never kno the pain i feel everytime i see you or something that reminds me of you , and everytime i see you my heart just breaks into two .. You stole me so long ago and i can never forget how much it hurts but no matter how hard i try i dont kno how to show it but there is one thing i kno i must do . And i cannot get over you . 
I struggle with forward motion . We all struggle with forward motion cause forward motion is harder than it sounds . It's harder than it sounds . Well everytime i gain some ground i gotta turn myself around again . I've been banging my head against the wall for so long it seems i got knocked out . Yeah , i got knocked out cold . 
She is so pretty but she doesn't always act that way . 
just found out I am going to be an uncle . 
\Determination that is Uncorruptable . \"" 
Is she not right Is she insane , will she now run for her life in the battle that ends this day Is she not right is she insane , will she now run for her life now that she lied to me ? 
You can run your little mouth all day , but the hand of God just smacked you back into yesterday ! 
Born to bleed , fighting to succeed ! Built to endure what this world throws at me ! 
Never Surrender , I'll Never be Overcome ! 
We scream every word Its brought us together Every lasting scar Reminds us how we got here We scream every word Its brought us together Every lasting scar Shows what its taken to be Who we are Some dwell into emptiness The hurt they claim is real Been let down now its meaningless They find ways to conceal 
