Ape is half way there ... Cant wait until the end of November 

Has so much to do before I go to work tonight ... 
sitting at the house babysitting 
is about to take the boys to Monkey Joes !!! 
at home with the boys about to watch a movie ... hopefully that will slow them down !!! 
waiting for APe to get home from work !!! 
Last day of babysitting ... About time !!!! 
About to get ready to go to work !!! 
just got off work ... Ready to catch some sleep !!! 
its seems like I just got off work and now I have to go back !!! 
just got home from work ... what a boring night !!! 
Only one more night of work this week !!! 
Not ready to go back to work tonight 
just got off work ... so ready for bed 
Just got home ... going to nap for an hour and then wake Ape up for work 
About to head out to my squadron closure party !!! 
It finally stopped raining for me to cut the yard 
Sitting at the house watching football while April is at the Baby Shower 
Cant wait for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > to come back ... We looked like crap tonight !!! 
Only 8 more weeks until Braydon gets here !!! 
Wow the sooners really looked bad last night ... Now the huskers fan have at least something to cheer about !!! Huskers still suck 
We are at the hospital ... The doc admitted us and we will not come out until I'm a Daddy !!! 
Waiting for the doc to come back in and check April's progress ... 
the doc started inducing meds 15 minutes ago !!! Long day ahead of us !!! 
Well the inducing meds didnt work , the doc is going to try something overnight to progress her easier ... Round 2 starts tomorrow at 7am !!! 
Round 2 of the inducing medicines ... hopefully with better results today !!! 
We are 3 cm's ... epidural is in ... ready for the long hual !!! 
We are 4 cm ... epidural is in ... almost halfway there !!! 
C-section here we come !!! 
Braydon was born @ 6:13 pm ... 7lbs 3oz and 21 inches long !!! Mom and baby are doing good !!! 
I enjoyed my first full day as a Dad ... Hoping tonight goes as smooth as last night !!! 
We might be coming home today ... I cant wait !!! 
Had a great day ... Fixed some siding on the house ... wishing my parents didnt have to leave in the AM 
The funniest thing happened today ... Braydon peed on Ape !!! 
One more day of work ... then off for two weeks ... Going to spend all my time with Braydon !!! 
Heading to Cordele tomorrow ... 
Up late with Braydon ... He is sore and restless from being held all day !!! 
is going to get Braydons birth cert . and enter him in deers tomorrow ... that means it is goin to be a long day !!! 
finally got Braydons birth cert and added him in the military system !!!! 
just spent three hours looking at reviews for breast pumps ... It is official my life has changed !!! 
... once again the Cowboys lose , THEY SUCK !!! 
little man is starting to go bald like me !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all !!! 
dropped my phone in water ... if anyone has an extra verizon phone , dont care how old let me know 
About to head up to he hospital to check on my Mother-in- Law 
is worried about Little man ... He has his upper GI in the morning to see if he has acid reflux or hopefully not anything worse . 
back home with little man ... He has reflux but everything else looks good , so NO SURGERY !!! 
Go Cowboys !! 
Glad the Cowboys have the playoff monkey off their back !!! 
... been outside trying to get my truck started ... I dont have time for this !!! 
... bags are packed and headin out tomorrow !!! 
Waiting around in Baltimore about head across the pond in a couple hours 
Boarding up heading to Ramstein and then the sandbox !!! 
Ok we didnt leave Monday ... Been stuck in Baltimore two nights ... But got new tickets and hoping to leave out tonight !!! 
Hopefully we leave tonight ... Heading from Baltimore to Germany and then to the sandbox 
Finally made it to Germany ... not stop Sandbox !!! 
Made it here finally ... Briefing all day and hopefully they can find my lost bag !!! 
Ok i have to get use to this time change ... I was going to my briefing an hour earlier ... Well at least i found out they got my lost bag !! 
Off for the day ... Im so tired !!! 
... that sure was a long day of work !!! 
LOVE MY MOM !!!!!! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you to be the great person you are today , please copy and paste this on your profile !!! I expect to see this many times on my profile < PROPFEMALE > 
got put on post with the biggest retard !!! 
... enjoying my day off !!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under the comments ! This is so funny !! 
... sleepin in tomorrow , no waking up at 245 am for me !!! Cant wait to get out of the SANDBOX !!! 
one more day until my off day that is not really an off day cause I cant start it until 1 pm cause of my roommate 
... ready to be off tomorrow ... yes I some how got my Birthday off in the sandbox !!! 
Happy 4th Anniversary Ape Ape !!! 
... cant wait to see Braydons three month pics !!! 
... guess what Im doing tomorrow ... Yep the same thang I did today !!! The sandbox is getting boring quick !!! 
work ... gym ... come to my room to relax and end up with disgust !!! 
went to work ... gym ... then back to my room to relax and ended up with disgust and hurt , I never seem to do right in your eyes !!! 
... I work with some stupid people , they just dont know how good we got it here !!! 
Enjoying my off day ... 
Enjoyed my off day ... Met < PROPMALE > Armstrong and other Apollo astronauts !!! 
hit the gym hard today ... will feel it in the am !!! 
... ready to beat the weights up !!! 
President Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011 . This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ! Nice to know that during a time of rampant inflation , while war is fought in 2 theaters , our men and women in uniform get A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS . Please repost if you support our troop ... 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence : < PROPMALE > , TX 
hopin Ape and little man have a safe trip home tomorrow 
... wow my NCAA bracket is completely screwed up !!! Thanks UNI 
... glad Ape and little man made it home safely !!! Hugs and kisses to you both 
... glad today is over , one more closer to seeing ape and little man !!! 
... workin a half day today and oh yes Sunday Im off finally !!! 
... finally get to sleep in !!! I love you Ape and Braydon 
... glad I have you two in my life , hugs and kisses !!! 
Hoping Ape and little man have a great Easter .... I love and miss you both !!! 
Im glad little man and mommas had a good easter !!! 
So glad McNabb stayed in the NFC East so we can pound him again !!! 
wonders why people get all defensive when you call them out , when it is the truth ... Love you Ape !!! 
wonders how everything is my fault but im not even there !!! 
... new goal weight is 170lbs ... im sittin at 178 with 35+ days to go !!! 
... I think Im about study out , my brain is fried w/ PDG bs !!!! 
Glad OU had 4 first round picks in the draft ... Also the Cowboys finally made a great first round decision !!! 
I love you Ape and Braydon !!! 
Only a couple more off days and ill be heading home !! 
Had a great day until I rolled my ankle ... Dont know how bad until the results come back tomorrow !!! 
Not too much longer until I'm back home ... I miss you both !!! 
Happy Mothers Day to all ... Love you Ape sorry I am not there !!! 
Almost time to head home ... moved to the tents last night !!! 
I can almost smell GA ... I cant wait !!! 
Operation LOCKDOWN !!! 
In Ireland ... One more take off and I'll be on American soil !!! 
Home finally !!! 
Thanks for everyone who came out to my party last night !!! 
Planning on relaxing in the pool today if the weather will allow it !!! 
Well its almost time to start the new job next week ... 
Back to work this morning !!! 
First day back felt so long ... Kept lookin at the clock and thought it was broke !!! 
Went to Braves game tonight ... had a great time !!! Thanks < PROPFIRST > 
Had a great first fathers day !!! 
Made it to Texas ... Visited with all the family !!! 
Made it back to GA !!! 
Finally testing for Tech tomorrow ... I hope this is the year !!! 
So testing went ok ... now the wait to see if I made it !!! 
Coffee ... Very important after getting home from the Braves game so late !!! 
I made Tech ... FINALLY !!! 
Boomer Sooners ... 
Sooners #1 in BCS !!! 
How bout them Rangers .... About to prove you cant buy a Championship ... Sorry New York !!! 
Special needs kids aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this & leave on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . 
if your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you , or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him !! 
Rangers tonight ... Sorry < PROPFIRST > your Giants are going down !!! 
The bats need to wake up ... There is still hope ... Go Rangers !!! 
1 . Go\ 
to Google maps . 2 . Go to \Get Directions . \ " 3 . Type Japan as the start \ 
Happy Veterans Day to all ... Thanks Pepaw and Grandpa Meyer for all that you both did . It made me the man I am today !!! 
Can't believe little man will be one in one week !!! 
Little man took 8 steps tonight ... Hopefully not too much longer !!! 
Cant wait for my parents to be here on Sunday ... I love you both !!! 
Good oh Bedlam today ... Go Sooners !!! 
Big 12 South Champs ... Way to go OU !!! 
Just wanted to thank everyone for coming to Braydons party yesterday ... He loves all his new presents !!! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( December 6 ) there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign for children's rights . End violence against children . 
OU Sooners ... Big 12 Champs !!! 
Took little man to see < PROPFEMALE > last night at Bass Pro ... Epic fail !!! 
At home ... A little sore after my fitness test ... Well worth it though ... No test for a year !!! 
Got little man to bed and now Ape and me are going to watch a movie in bed !!! Love you babe !!! 
Hittin the hay 
I hope little man and ape start feeling better ... Love you both 
