Whew ! Christmas on my dad's side is dangerous ! I just found out that this wicked flu that I have been fighting all week I got from my 5 year old cousin , < PROPMALE > , who in the 9 hours that my family celebrated , infected 70% of my family who showed up ! ( And mind you I have a HUGE family on my dad's side ) .. Sorry to those of you I have neglected .. BELIEVE ME it was for your own safety ! lol and CONGRATS TO < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPFIRST > ! 

Summer is finally here ... and I'm diggin it :-P !!! 
is refusing to allow summer to disappear just because school decided to show its ugly face once more ! 
is gettin psyched about \Psych\ " opening on Thursday !!!!!! Woooooo !!!!! Come to see it or else ........ * scary music * " 
is gettin psyched about \Psych\ " ( the theatrical production NOT the TV Show :-P ) !!!!!! Woooooo !!!!! Come to see it this weekend sometime or else ........ * scary music * :-P " 
is \fffffffffffffffffamazing\ " according to < PROPFEMALE > :-) <3 you < PROPFEMALE >!!!" 
Is psyching up for \Psych\ " performances this weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!! Woooooooooooo opening night tomorrow !!!!!!!!! " 
Opening night here we come !!!!!!!!!!! :-) 
Thinks it takes true talent to break a finger whilst giving a hug !!!!!!!!! Yay to me for my amazing talent !!!!!!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
white 
I am super stoked about the big switch to La Crosse this weekend !!! Woo ! I'm gunna miss all my WB ( and surrounding area :p ) buddies , but you better keep in touch or else * scary background music * :-D lol jk I luv u guys !!!! 
All Settled in at UW La Crosse !!!!! Whoop Whoop !!!! 
Just discovered that as a theater < PROPMALE > it is required to audition for the two upcoming shows which auditions for both happen to be ... TONIGHT !!!! Holy potato poop !!!! 
Back-to-back auditions with completely different feels is difficult man ! I went straight from a children's musical auditon ( very peppy and upbeat ) to a drama with the strangest script I have EVER read ! haha unique experience ! :-P 
In-dubidubly 
Would now like to be refered to as \Halie-sama\ " ... Means \ " respect Halie\ " in japanese ... HAHAHA Awesome !!! " 
My computer charger's still at home ... < PROPMALE > of using facebook this weekend ... minimal :-P 
Annoyed with the never-ending speech presentations that haunt my homework list ... although with 3 communications classes in my schedule I should have anticipated that ... Gah ! 
I GOT MY COMPUTER CHARGER BACK ( after 8 days of minimal usage) !!!!! YEAH BABY YEAH !!!! 
Relishing the knowledge that the weekend is not far away ! Wohoo !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is here for the weekend so I am exceedingly enthusiastic !!!!! :-P Whoop Whoop !!! 
Bleck !!! Sickness ... not cool dude !!! 
You can take a break but unfortunately the mind never relaxes as much as you would like it to ... It just keeps on truckin'! 
WOOOOOO \Into the Woods\ " Tonight !!!!!!! :-P " 
Just now realized that I forgot my iPod back in West Bend ... AGONY !!!! :-P Aah well I shall just have to suffer another music-less week ... :-( 
Has \Big Bang Theory\ " Theme Song Stuck In My Head ... Good Song ... But Still ... " 
Going to \Alice In Wonderland\ " ... WOOOHOO !!! " 
Finding it fascinating that personalities that I grew up with are beginning to pop into my life here at UWL ... joy of joys ... Hahaha 
Yummy !!!! Just had BWW's!!!! OMG I forgot how much I love that place :-P 
Boys are dumb ... Enough said ! 
Have a great break UWL buddies !!!! See you all in a week ! :-P 
Good Job \Brendan\ " Buddies !!!! It was good seeing ya'all :-P " 
Has had waaaaay too long of a day today and is exhausted beyond belief !!! Sleep ... Good ... Hahaha * Snore * 
wondering why people find it perfectly ok to cause unneccesay suffering ... There is something wrong with this picture yet people are blind to see it . 
Had a fun time hiking the bluffs ... yet not ACTUALLY hiking a bluff then 3 hours later walking 15 blocks from downtown to my dorm in high heeled cowboy boots ... Yeah ... Not a good idea :-P 
What a gorgeous day ... Darn those stinking classes which disturb the loveliness ! 
\What a crazy random happenstance ! \"" 
Back to school ! Hopefully the weather makes up for the crap ton of homework I am undoubtibly going to be delt :-P 
Blah weather makes me feel blah ... Darn cloudy skies !!! 
OK ... Memo to self ... Working out till 11 does NOT help you go to sleep immediately afterwards lol ... Darn Stinking Adrenaline :-P 
Welcome snow !!!! To everywhere in WI minus La Crosse * evil grin * MUAHAHAHAHA !!!! 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!! YAHOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just finished a 2 1/2 hour hike up the bluffs with my roommate ... My muscles are NOT gunna be happy in the morning ... * giggles * ... But it was SOOOOO worth it :-P 
2 1/2 hr hike .... 5 rootbeers .... a double feature movie night with two goofs ... and a ridonkulously busy day tomorrow ... Sounds like a whoot of a good start to a weekend ! :-P ... Now , if only I could fit sleep in here somewhere ... lol 
Highly recommends that you go see \How to Train Your Dragon\ " ... Stinking AWESOME Movie !!!! Best animated film I've seen in a loooooong time ! " 
Yay for new inspiration !!! Boo for timing !!! lol 
Darn you beautiful weather for being glorious on my BUSIEST day of the week ... A curse upon your house ! 
FOUND AN APARTMENT FOR NEXT ACADEMIC YEAR !!!! Queena , you are my heroine !!! YAHOOOOO !!! 
Yay to the spider saver of the room !!!!! No harmless arachnid perishes on my watch !!! Hail to the conquering hero * da da dada da dada .. da da da da dada da dada daaaaa * 
Ok I have just topped the list of clumsiest moment ever !!! Yay ... wooo . ugh my head hurts ! 
Its < PROPFEMALE > pretty outside ... Why the hell am I craving a lazy day inside ?!!! Absolutely Ridonkulous !!! 
Why do birds suddenly appear .... Singing at 3:30 AM ...?!!! What the heck !!!! 
Late night hot shower does NOT help you go to sleep ... Awww dang-nabbit !!! 
\ ... But smell her through MY eyes ... \ " HAHAHA AWESOME !!! " 
Yay for clumsiness !! Only I could manage to create an entire fruit salad without incident ... and then manage to cut my thumb as I was putting the knife away .... Quite impressive ! :-P 
Fighting a blah mood ... 
Decided that a run on the eliptical would be a good stress reliever ... Before I knew it I ran 2 1/2 < PROPMALE > in 23 minutes and burned 350 calories ... aaand ... without stretching or warming up beforehand ... I have a feeling that was a BAAAAAD decision and will be hurting tomorrow ... Yippy Skippy ! 
One hell of a day ... 
Group projects SUCK ! UGH ! Thank goodness I'm not a homicidal maniac !!! 
Gotta love finals week ! * Rolling eyes dramatically * :-P 
Home for a visit before final week hell ! Yahoo ! :-P 
I shall never be in a profession where drafting is a daily requirement ... tedious time-consuming detail-oriented projects are NOT my thing ... hahaha 
Yay ! One exam down ... One more to go ... on FRIDAY !! What to do with the excess spare time ... The possibilities are only limited by the lack of a vehicle :-P 
Is completely DONE with exams !!!!!!!!!!!! :-D YahOOOOOOOOO ! 
Why , oh why , did I drink an energy drink at 10:30 pm just to empty the fridge ... Crap ... All nighter here I come ... Yay 
Its weird to be home ... yeah ... strange lol 
No . 1 objective this summer : No Drama !!! Don't bring it cuz I don't want to deal with it ! 
Wed . Night hit the movie theaters ... NO ONE is there !!! Yahoo !! Best Seats EVER ! 
Got an early start on some sun-kissed skin thanks to the awesome memorial day weekend extravaganza ! Yahoo ! :-P 
Ugh ! I am undergoing the worst craving of all ... The craving to CLEAN !!! The utmost HORROR !!! Someone save me PLEASE ! 
Heading to Florida with my dear < PROPMALE > Miss Powder Puss tomorrow morning bright and early !! Hahaha I am sooo ready to soak in some rays and meet other HP fanatics ! :-P 
Just got back from a very ... uh ... eventful week to florida ... for more details either contact < PROPFEMALE > or myself because frankly I can't fit it all onto a facebook status ! 
Just discovered that I was one of over 5000 PEOPLE who went to the < PROPMALE > Potter Theme Park Grand Opening !!! HOLY NARGLES !!! NO WONDER I stood in line NINE HOURS to get into the park !! ( no exaggeration people !!! ) 
Twilight Eclipse : Yay ... Last Airbender : Meh ... Blaise Mood this week : Nay ! 
is starting to get tired of being the person everyone goes to for their problems and don't support me when I need some comfort ... A one way road goes only so far and my limit is almost reached ... I can't handle any more stress 
Stupid basement flooding ... ugh 
Ugh I have fallen into the high maintenance category ... an occular migrane ?!... good golly ! 
Ok so I guess it is not an occular migrane ... I am just getting scared and pissed at my eyes cuz they hurt so much ... I have to wear stinking sunglasses IN THE OFFICE !!! Someone shoot me now . 
After visiting with my family doc , an eye doctor , revisiting my family doc , and a ctc scan later I STILL have no answers ... Just more anxiousness ... got some serious pain meds for the \Just in case\ " senarios and a plan to meet a neuralogist next week ... Fun stuff let me tell you " 
Eyes still are crappy but there is a glimmer of hope for an aswer ... The neuralogist thinks it may be a virus infection but I need to wait another week before more tests to verify that it is an infection ... Fun stuff 
Eyes still crappy and the virus infection theory is a negatory ... Any ideas cuz the doctors sure don't ?! Plus if there aren't any answers soon then there goes my fall semester at La Cross ... #**&^&%&^% !!!!! 
Rest in Peace < PROPFEMALE > Gryga ... Your kindness and refusal to give up on people including yourself will remain in the memories of all who care about you . 
Yay ! I finally got my appointment with the Eye Institute for October 4th at 7AM !!! Who knew that place opened at 7 ?!! I'm happy that its coming up cuz I'm getting close to going all Oedipean on them ! :-P 
Big appointment tomorrow ... Gotta love unnecessary nerves ! woo 
So the verdict was that I've been extremely far sighted for years and I forced my eyes to see better , so I do have 2020 vision but I am not supposed to . Because of this my eyes are never relaxed and years of straining my eyes in this manner have manifested into what I am now feeling and should be resolved when I wear glasses . I'm not sure this is a \cure\ " for everything but I am hoping it will help * crossing fingers * " 
Voldemort I think that you are freakin awesome ! Voldemort I think I could be freakin awesome too ! Won't you do me a service , and share with me your knowledge . It won't take that much longer , I could get stronger every day ! So much stronger ! 
Got the glasses ... Here's hoping it works ( crosses fingers ) 
Glasses seem to be helping ... Thank GOD !!! 
Things I am not allowed to do at Hogwarts :\ 
140 . Should I < PROPMALE > to see a Death Eater wearing a white mask , I should not start singing anything from \Phantom ofthe Opera . \"" 
282 . When being interrogated by a member of staff , I am not to wave my hand and announce ' These are not the droids youare looking for ' . 
328 . Regardless of how much Professor Snape's hair might annoy me , it is inappropriate to sneak into his room at night\ 
and shave it off . 
373 . When called upon in class , I shall not insist that the correct answer to everything is ' 42 ' . 
436 . -Transfiguring Draco Malfoy's uniform into a gold thong is inappropriate . \ 
437 . -Especially if he's wearing it . 
572 . The fact that < PROPMALE > didn't like his pig tail does not mean i should keep switching to different tails to find one he likes better . 
152 . When applying for a post at the Ministry of Magic after graduation , I should not cite \Fred and < PROPFIRST > Weasley\ " asmy greatest influence at Hogwarts . " 
Things I'm Not Allowed to Do at Hogwarts :\ 
717 : I did not see < PROPFEMALE > in the Slytherin common room singing ' I Kissed A Girl ' and I should stop telling people that Idid . 
Things Im Not Allowed to Do at Hogwarts :\ 
197 . Trying to out-argue a Slytherin will lead to no good . 
658 : I will not yell VOLDY IS MY MENTOR anywhere in Hogwarts . 
780- I am not allowed to buy Voldemort a poodle and paint it's fur pink . \ 
781- I am not allowed to kill said poodle in his sleep and < PROPFEMALE > its bloody carcass from the ceiling of Voldemort'sbedroom . \ 
\ 
If you asked for a ticket and haven't paid me back yet please remember to bring $12 to the party or to the theater ... Thanks :-D 
The movie was FLIPPING EPIC !!!!!!! < PROPMALE > POTTER FOREVER !!!!!!!! 
I have HP fever !!!! Less than 24 hours after I watched Deathly Hallows Pt 1 I have a HUGE urge to watch it AGAIN !!!!! Why does this surprise me EVERY time I go to see a HP premiere ?!!! 
\Dobby didn't mean to kill ... Dobby just wanted to maim or seriously injure ! \ " \ 
\What happened to you ugly ?!... No 
Wish I could help de-stressify some of my closest buddies lives right now ... This is the time of friendship , generosity , and good times ... Stress has no business showing its face at this time 
I need to access my inner bitchdom for the show I'm in ... hahaha any advice cuz I'm not accostomed to using that side of the personality much :-P 
Dislikes when normal stress-relievers become stress-creators ... Damn and Blast this thing ! 
I am SUCH a ProcrastiSanta ! lol 
YAY !!! Opening Night Tonight ! Whoot !!!! \Bedroom Farce\ " is going to Kick Some New Year's < PROPFEMALE>'s BUTT !!! " 
Had a rough night that got rougher ... Had a rough performance which afterwards a few friends and I went to a night club to celebrate someone's b-day which when we got back we discovered that my < PROPFIRST > was busted into and my purse was stolen ... Yippee Skippy ... That was a chilly ride home 
Keeping Papa in my thoughts and prayers ... There's another set back at the hospital 
Just got moved into la crosse ! Woo :) 
GO PACK GO !!!! WE ARE SUPERBOWL BOUND !!! HELLZ FUDGING YEAH\ 
!!!!! 
I have always prided myself on my < PROPFEMALE > but Im discovering that it is completely lacking when it comes to waiting to see if you are in a show or not . Grrness 
Got the role of Miss Metcalf in UWLs production of Splendor in the Grass ! Yeah Baby Yeah ! :-D 
GO PACKERS !!!!! KICK SOME STEELER BUTT !!!!!! 
Cheeseheads are bringing the trophy home !!!!! Hellz Fudging Yeah !!!! 
I am so not in a mood to do anything but sleep today lol ! 
Support your professors , teachers , and state workers . Tell < PROPMALE > his new < PROPMALE > is WRONG ! 
Hopper is in a better place now ... No more pain for a great dog . RIP my dear friend 
Wants this bloody cold/flu bug out of my system !! 
Sooo stinking tired ! 
Spring break is so close ... Darn exams that ruin the anticipation :-P 
WOOOOO SPRING BREAK !!!! HELLZ FUDGING YEAH !!!!!! 
Praying for all the citizens of Japan 
Was so fricken close to an accident I could almost taste it . Bastard tried to cross traffic on the highway ! The Fricken Highway !! Jesus !! A fart blow away from being killed or someone else getting killed cuz some bastard started St. Patties Day celebrating a little early ... Holy Mother Of < PROPFEMALE > 
It is so fitting that our spring break ends in rain clouds ... Sigh ... I shall miss the free time ... Ok , back to reality lol 
\The time will come when men such as I will look upon the murder of animals as they now look on the murder of men . \ " \ 
Getting excited about \Splendor in the Grass\ " Performances coming up !!!! WOO !! Bring It !!! :-D " 
OPENING NIGHT BABY WHOOP !!!!!! 
Cant stop listening to < PROPFEMALE > black :) she is awesome ! 
Had a wonderful time with mom , dad , and < PROPFEMALE > ! We checked out the river front and the beautiful bluffs ! Now on to the chaotic group of misfits clammoring to La Crosse . Lord help me ! :-P 
Last show ... Wow that went by quick ! Lol 
Snape : But where did the poster of headmaster's Zefron go ?! \ 
Umbridge : Oh I don't care for Zac Efron , < PROPFIRST > Lautner's my man . \ 
Snape : What do you want , you horrid bitch !? \ 
AVPS 
Struggling with the biggest bout of procrastination I have ever felt ... I have so much I need to still do and random thoughts/cravings/ideas pop into my head ... For example in the middle of an assignment that is due tomorrow I randomly thought about childhood cartoons I loved and am watching Disney's Aladdin cartoons on youtube instead ! WTF !!! 
What did I learn from Starship ? Never judge a book by it's cover ? That love is all we need ? No . It's always < PROPFEMALE > a spare mustache . 
Do or do not ... There is no try . - Yoda 
YAY !!! Big mother fudging paper is done !!! Now I just have one more ( less evil ) paper to start and finish and a monologue and I am DONE !!! Whoop Whoop !! Whoop Whoop ! 
