Happy New Year !!! 

My resolution for this year is to finish rehabbing my knee and get my body in decent enough shape to rejoin my soccer team . According to the doctor , I can trust my knee in mid February ... I have a feeling the rest of my body may be a bit behind that timeline ... Here's to living at the gym on my lunch breaks ! 
I'm wearing Red and Black on purpose for the first time in my life ... Go Bearcats ! 
Worried about Kyle ... he dissappeared to his bed where he promptly fell asleep for a nap , very unlike him .... 
My ACL is torn , so I guess I'll be having surgery later this summer ... 
I am having my ACL surgery on August 10th . In other news , I signed up both boys for a fall soccer league at the YMCA today . Hopefully , watching them play will satisfy my soccer urges for the fall . 
It's been a great weekend ! New Kids on the Block were awesome last night and now I'm headed off to a festival with my wonderful husband and boys ! 
is heading to Indianapolis for a training class at our Technology Center . Not bringing the laptop , so I'll be unconnected through Thursday . 
I hope that the U.S. District Court excuses me from Jury duty until after my knee is healed . 
Will someone please tell my kids to stop beating me up ? < PROPFIRST > sat on my hurt knee and slightly hyper extended it and < PROPFIRST > just dropped something on my baby toe on the other foot ... 
I bought my boys two frogs tonight .... Flippy ( formerly known as Froggy ) and < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > is not too thrilled .... 
2 church festivals , 1 company day at Kings Island , and a family reunion , all with hubby and two kids ... I need to go back to work to relax ! 
So to all of my friends with small children and/or families ... my husband is trying to launch a photo career and we have a photo studio set up in our living room . He is also available for on site pictures ... really inexpensive session fee and you get right 
is overwhelmed with life and really feels the need for a good cry . 
Does homeowners insurance cover a 6 year old leaving the sink running upstairs ? The water made it through two floors , < PROPMALE > the way to the basement ... It's just been that kind of week . 
had a great time at the river last night ! Even better , no hangover today ! Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
Tomorrow will be 2 weeks until my surgery .... I'm beginning to get nervous .... 
As I sit here in my kitchen smelling the zucchini bread baking in the oven , I almost can pretend that my mother's here with me .... 
Gotta get my boys ( all three of them ) packed tonight . They leave tomorrow morning for TN . I'll be joining them Saturday ! 
Safe in our condo in TN . Hope for no rain to interfere with golf playing ... We have Wi-Fi this year , so I should be around if you need me ... 
< PROPFIRST > is full of surprises today ... he evidentally knows how to swing by himself . He also requested that daddy call his girlfriend , < PROPFEMALE > , because he misses her , so he's talked to her today also . < PROPFIRST > is obsessed with his new DS game and won't part from 
Made it safely home from TN ... now if I didn't have to go back to work tomorrow .... I was getting kind of used to going golfing every morning . 
So much to do before surgery on Monday morning ... it would be so much easier if I knew how much I can do afterwards .... 
Tomorrow is my ACL repair surgery ... Hopefully , I'm able to get some sleep tonight . 
I survived my surgery . Very little pain thus far thanks to the nerve block . I've been sleeping all day . Thanks for all of the well wishes , everyone ! 
Survived my first PT session with little difficulty ... I keep waiting for all the pain that everyone warned me about , but so far , I've been lucky ! 
Had an allergic reaction to my steristrips , so they had to remove them ... hope I don't open the incision up ... Other than that , still very little pain , and on the road to a successful recovery . 
Graduated to only using 1 crutch today , thanks for all of the well wishes 
Can't believe that tomorrow is the end of my two weeks off work , it has flown . I'm actually quite excited about going back to work , but please don't tell my boss that ! 
Today's been a rough day for me , pain wise ... I'm heading back to work tomorrow . It sucks that the day before is the first day that I'm doubting that decision and wondering if I should have let the doctor talk me into taking that extra week off ... 
< PROPFEMALE > and Tyger ... our new family members as of this Saturday ... Hopefully Smokie ( our 10 year old cat ) is as excited as I am ! 
We are officially a 3 cat household ... only a few hisses out of Smokie so far ... so far so good . 
Keeping busy with two new kittens , two rambunctious boys , one not quite rehabbed knee , one stressful job , and a husband who helps me cope with it all ! 
Long weekend ... graduated to no crutches last Thursday , and knee is feeling great . Other leg muscles that are compensating for weak knee hurt worse than I've ever hurt before ... and I have therapy at 8:30 tomorrow . I'm actually glad to go back to work , because I'll sit more there than at home . 
is feeling extremely stressed right now . The kittens and children are going to result in me having a complete and total nervous breakdown . 
It's been a rough few days ... 
Isn't is sad that if I found a < PROPFEMALE > , my first wish would be to remain healthy for more than one month at a time ? I'm on my way to urgent care .... 
Heading to Indy for a conference tomorrow . Be back on Wednesday night ... then I'm heading to Nashville for a bachelorette party this weekend . Hope my car likes being driven ... 
Heading to Nashville tonight ... hopefully I start to feel better soon . 
Never thought I'd say this ... but my kids are playing Atari right now !! 
just fed my frogs and my kittens and tucked my rugrats into bed .... Isn't is sad that I want to head to bed too ? 
If you had only one wish , what would it be ? 
Off to work ... making up sick hours from therapy ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! I felt very loved :-) . 
Need to go to sleep , but not sleepy ... I have to go to our L'burg , KY plant again tomorrow and I don't drive well when I'm tired . 
I saw the knee doctor today and he has released me from physical therapy . I still need to continue to strengthen and work out on my own , but I am well on my way to being able to play soccer , tennis , and anything else I would like to do in February ! P.S. Please don't ask me if I really intend to go back to soccer ... the answer is yes ... 
On my way to our Indianapolis Technology Center ... I hate driving through Indiana ! 
< PROPFIRST > informed me this morning that I can't drive my car anymore since my tags are now expired ... oops ... I just don't know where October went . < PROPFIRST > is going to take care of it for me on Monday , hopefully I don't get pulled over before then . ( and will the Boone Co . sherriff on my friends list , please ignore this message ! ) 
Tyger and < PROPFEMALE > ( my kittens ) are getting spayed and neutered tomorrow and < PROPFIRST > is so worried about them . It's very cute , but he wasn't that worried about me when I was going in for my knee surgery . I'm jealous ! 
Congratulations to my sister-in-law , < PROPFIRST > , who after 45 years of waiting patiently , got married last night . Best wishes and many hopes for a long , happy and prosperous life ahead ! ( And thanks for the great party ! ) 
On my way out to Gameworks with friends from work ... I've been up since 4AM though in order to catch a flight home from San < PROPFIRST > , so I'm pretty tired . God , I hate getting old ! 
Drinking is a blast until the morning after . Oh well , I had a great time last night , even if some parts are a bit fuzzy , LOL . 
Is it sad that the highlight of my day was decorating a turkey for < PROPFIRST>'s family < PROPMALE > project ? ( I even took pictures , I was so proud of it ) 
Heaven gained a new angel tonight ... please say a prayer for my cousin < PROPFIRST > and the family that he left behind . 
To all my cousins who are invited to < PROPFEMALE > Albrinck's shower on Sunday , we are postponing it until December 13th . She is in the hospital on bed rest until next Wednesday when they plan on inducing her . Same time , same place , let me know if your RSVP status changes ... 
It's been an emotionally draining day , full of ups and downs . 
It's bad enough to be beaten , but even worse to lose the game on our own . Who-dey ? Evidentally the Raiders ... 
When you're tired and you can't sleep , count your blessings instead of sheep and you'll fall asleep counting your blessings ... 
Waiting patiently for news of my new niece or nephew ... hope it's soon for < PROPFEMALE>'s sake , more than mine . 
Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > on the birth of their baby girl , < PROPFEMALE > , last night . I'm so happy to be an aunt again ! 
Yesterday so felt like Saturday ... glad to realize that I get to have two this weekend ! 
Heading to the Bengals game today , hoping to witness a win ! Who-dey ! 
Can't believe that tomorrow is December ... where has 2009 gone ? 
Just got home from a facial and massage ... if only that relaxed feeling could last forever ! 
Reminder to all Albrinck and Woltermann relatives , < PROPFEMALE>'s shower is rescheduled for this Sunday @ 1:30 PM , pass the word along to those who aren't on Facebook , please 
Can't keep up with my busy schedule ... I'm not sure I'm going to survive until 2010 at this point . 
I've decided that sleep is vastly overrated ... 
I hope that everyone has the best Christmas ever and that 2010 starts another great chapter in your life ! 
Did anyone hear the reindeer and < PROPFEMALE>'s sleigh ... or I am just imagining things ? I have no doubt that < PROPFEMALE > will be arriving at my house within the next half hour . 
Wanted to brag about my wonderful husband ... he picked me out a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > pendant for Christmas . < PROPFEMALE > is < PROPFIRST>'s birthstone and < PROPFEMALE > is < PROPFIRST>'s . Hope everyone else is having a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Does anyone know a pampered chef consultant ? I need a new ice cream scoop and I love theirs ... 
May this year be the best one we've ever lived ! Happy New Year to all my friends and family ! 
Let's see , I cheered for three teams this weekend , the Bearcats ( and watched the game ) , the Wildcats ( and didn't watch the game ) and the Bengals ( and watched the game ) . Lesson learned : Teams don't do well when I watch , so maybe I should stop watching sports . 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !! Before you do that , answer for me ... 
Please , God , don't let it be strep .... 
Sore throat is gone ! Hopefully it stays gone since I'm heading to Florida on Friday ... 
In memory of those who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer ?. ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ? ) In memory of all of our loved ones who have lost that battle and in honor of those who have fought and won or are still fighting . This is dedicated to my mother ... I still miss her so much ! 
I had my video debut at General Cable today . I got to < PROPFEMALE > in a marketing ad for a new product which I helped to develop . I also got to go into the recording studio to record the audio part . It turned out much better than I was expecting . Rumor has it that it could end up on my company website . If that happens , I'll post the link .... 
Its WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were ! 
Leaving for FL tomorrow ... I can't wait !!! I have so much to do tonight to get ready ... and yet I'm wasting time on the computer .... 
My sweet , sweet boy , < PROPFIRST > , just gave me $5 to give to the people in Haiti ... He wanted to give me $10 , but I wouldn't let him . Guess I need to make another donation .... 
Home from FL , and very , very tired . I woke up at 3:00 AM this morning for a 6:00 AM flight .... 
So I have new nephew ... my ( step ) sister's little boy , < PROPMALE > was born tonight , weighing in at 7 lbs 9 oz ... Congrats Bergen and < PROPMALE > ! I can't wait to meet him ... 
Saw some geese flying north yesterday ... I'm sure its wishful thinking , but I hope it means spring is coming soon ... 
Jets lost , Jets lost ! I'm so happy .... Go Colts , lets win it all ! 
needs a hug . 
Think my facebook < PROPFEMALE > may have a virus . Do not open any notifications from me . 
Going to Hoffbrauhaus tonight and have to be my own DD .... Oh well , I will have to be happy with good times with good friends .. 
< PROPFIRST > just got awarded a Panther award from his school ( Student of the Month in his class ) . Very cool , I'm proud of my big boy . 
So I tried to cross-stitch tonight , which I haven't done in over 4 years ... boy , those holes have gotten smaller . I'm actually contemplating getting reading magnification glasses ... but I'm still not old , right ??? ( Reassurance needed , please ! ) 
Driving to Indy for work tomorrow morning ... hopefully the snow isn't too bad when I try and come home on Tuesday afternoon . 
My 6 year old just lost his 7th tooth ... is that normal or is he a bit eager on getting tooth < PROPFEMALE > money ? 
Just made < PROPFIRST > cookies using my family Christmas cookie recipe , YUM !!! 
Little Red Schoolhouse in Hebron is not opening tomorrow until 9:00 AM . It is possible that they will close all together . Watch for updates on the local news . Please spread the word to other Little Red Parents . 
?? ¸ . • *¨* • ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? handsome ? SONS ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? 
Dear germs in my body , I have been faithfully fighting you for five days now , it is time to give up and find a new home . I have work to do and you're beginning to cramp my style . 
To all my FB frends . Please pray for < PROPFIRST > Dearinger a former < PROPFEMALE > Height High School classmate who is fighting cancer and is in a huge struggle right now for his life . He needs every prayer for strength and comfort . Please copy this and paste this to your status to show him we are thinking of him and we care . Thank you ! 
So thankful for the beautiful spring weather , wonderful family , amazing friends and coworkers and just life in general .... 
If you support our firefighters then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !! This ... should appear in everyone's status !!!! God bless our Firefighters ! 
To my non-game playing FB friends - I play a few games with my friends that generate a lot of posts . This can be annoying to some . If you don't want to see these posts move your cursor over the game message ( off the the right of it a little ) , the word \hide\ " will appear . Click on the word \ " hide\ " for the game ( not for m ... e ) . You should no longer see messages from the game . See More " 
I love spring , it is soooo much better than winter . Now if only allergies didn't come along with it , Ahhhh Choo ! 
I'm going to take the boys to see \How to Train Your Dragon\ " today . Hopefully its as good as it looks .... " 
I believe in miracles ... do you ? 
10 years and 364 days ago , my mother died from a glioblastoma ( brain tumor ) . I wish she could have met my two wonderful children . I wish I could call her and ask her for advice or call her when I'm not feeling well . My advice to everyone who still has the ability to call your mothers to take advantage of that ... you don't know when you'll no longer be able . :-( 
For the first time in over a year , I have a c o-o p student starting tomorrow . Yeah !! 
I survived a return to soccer today during lunch . My knee's a little sore , but not horribly . I did not have an exceptional game by any means and am not sure that my teammates even noticed any help from me , but I am taking pleasure in the fact that I said I'd go back to soccer after my ACL tear and by goodness , I did it . 
Can someone please explain to me how I've done nothing but pick up since I got home from work and my house is still a wreck ???? 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA , 14,000 in NY & 17,000 in IL . NJ & Florida are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste ! 
After spending 2 days in 90F weather in San < PROPFIRST > , I managed to get sunburned here in KY on a lunch hour ... go figure . 
Happy Mother's Day to all of my friends ! Have a great day ! 
One son spent the evening alternating between catching a football with mommy and turning cartwheels . The other plotted to give our mail carrier a heart attack by placing a fake ( but fairly realistic ) scorpion in our mailbox .... Special Delivery !!! 
My head feels like it is ready to explode from the sinus pressure ! I've tried sudafed , claritin , and ibuprofen so far with no success . Even a steamy shower or < PROPFEMALE > didn't seem to help . :-( 
Remember to vote for < PROPMALE > Ochocinco 1-800-vote401 , he needs our help to keep going !!! 
IT'S SISTERS WEEK ! If you have/had a SISTER \ 
who makes your life interesting and fun , is a blessing in your life and \ 
generally makes life worth living by being around , copy and paste this \ 
to your status . 
I'm playing in my first real soccer game since my ACL injury/repair tonight . Wish me luck ... I'm so nervous that I'm nauseous ! 
My son just gave himself a hickey on his arm ... how do I explain to a 6 year old why that isn't really a good idea ? 
A firefighter is missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this : Firefighters all over the world are saving lives . It's Firefighter appreciation week .... Repost if you are a Firefighter , love a Firefighter or appreciate a Firefighter . 
I hate allergy attacks ! 
I'm in San < PROPFIRST > right now , on business , and I could really use a hug . I get to come back next week , too ..... 
I'm making dinner tonight for all of my favorite men , my husband , my dad and my two favorite little boys in the world ! My mother's homeade barbecue sauce recipe , over baby back ribs , corn on the cob , salad , rolls and angel food cake with strawberry topping .... yum , hopefully my doctor forgives my calorie splurge today ! 
Proof that I'm a dork ... I'm so excited that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > just announced that she's pregnant with twins ! 
Great day so far ... One successful trip to ER for < PROPFIRST>'s dislocated finger . Guess we shouldn't play Nerf Gun Wars in the house .... 
The only way that I could get my kids on a soccer team with a good practice time and day was to volunteer to coach < PROPFIRST>'s team ... the poor kids , if anyone knows of some good drills for 4-5 year olds , let me know ! 
Soccer game tonight ... wish us luck ! 
My niece/nephew count went up by one today ! My brother in law ( < PROPMALE > ) and sister in law ( < PROPFEMALE > ) welcomed their 3rd child , a little boy , weighing only 4 lbs 3 oz almost 2 months early . Mom and baby are doing well . Congratulations to the proud parents ! 
If anything of great importance has happened to anyone in the past 10 days , let me know , because I successfully unplugged during my entire vacationt to Florida ! 
OH my goodness , my son just came into the room wearing a bra ... bad enough , right ? But it isn't even mine , its one of my best friends mothers !!! 
Finished with all my summer vacations , passed over for a promotion , and broke . I could use something to be positive about .... ( and then I thought about my boys and smiled ) 
Finished with coaching < PROPFIRST>'s double header soccer games this morning ... nursing a sore throat which started last night and was made worse by yelling , can't wait to just veg the rest of the day ! 
Been a long day ... early flight in from San < PROPFIRST > for work and then the phone call that < PROPFIRST > hit his head and needs stitches . 4 stitches on his left eyebrow , a frantic 3 hours at work , and then home with both kids makes for one tired mommy engineer . 
< PROPFIRST>'s selling Entertainment books and cookie dough ( as is every other kid in the universe ) . If you're interested , please let me know . They are $25 if for Cincy area and slightly more for other areas , but they will be mailed directly to you . They have them for almost every < PROPMALE > city , so ask if you are interested , please !! 
There are so many people more deserving of your thoughts/prayers than me , but yet I can't help to ask for each of you to send me good thoughts/prayers . I am having a difficult time right now in my life ( even though nothing is really wrong with me or my family ) and could really use the support . Thank God for my family and friends ! 
The Hebron Fire Protection District , Station 1 is collecting items to send to our troops . Items requested have been powdered soups , ramen noodles , q-tips , band aids , alcohol wipes , socks , powdered drink mix , baby wipes , chap stick . We are located at 3120 North Bend Road in Hebron . Thanks ! 
Just returned from a breathing treatment at the firehouse . Hate these darn chest colds ! 
Tonight I learned that < PROPFIRST > is even more like me than I thought ... this is both good news and bad news . But hopefully by knowing this , we can help him minimize the bad and accentuate the good .... 
I hate being domestic !!!! 
Life lesson of the day ... Bengay is a great cat repellant ! 
Cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older as forever friends ... Re-post this if you ever had a cousin that made you smile !! 
A firefighter is being yelled at for taking too long to get there , trying desperately to save someone who didn't wake up , holding his bladder because he doesn't have time to pee , starving because he missed lunch , and missing his family while taking care of yours .... Repost if you are a ...... firefighter ,...... love a firefighter , or appreciate a firefighter 
So excited to have a vacay day tomorrow ! 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes . I feel very loved by all ! Slept in , went to lunch at Longhorn , went to Hollywood casino ( where I was able to come out ahead 5 dollars , even with covering my husband's losses ) , went to dinner at Crackerbarrel with < PROPFIRST > and kids and did a little shopping . Very relaxing day ! 
So I played the first half of my soccer game tonight without my knee brace ( not on purpose , I totally forgot ) . Good news is , my knee is not reinjured and I didn't even realize the lack of the brace until I was on the bench . Bad news is ... now its sore . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I'm thankful for so much in my life . I am truly blessed . Thanks to all who contribute to those blessings ! 
Change your FB profile pic to a cartoon from your childhood until Monday , Dec 6th . The spirit of childhood innocence and our memories should be all over FB . Children should only feel the affection of pure love and good discipline . Anything else- should be reported . Join in spreading LOVE to our future , the children ! ? 
When are kids finally old enough to do their school projects on their own ? And do teachers know that the majority of \projects\ " are really parent homework ? " 
I'm not ready for this weekend to end .... I would like tomorrow to be another \Stay-at-home\ " day as my kids say .... " 
Some of the magic of Christmas has left my house this year ... My seven year old is too smart and nosy for his own good ... :-( , At least he's promising not to ruin it for his 5 year old brother ... 
I think it could be time for a change .... 
When I am called to duty , God\ 
whenever flames may rage , \ 
Give me the strength to save some life\ 
Whatever be its age . \ 
\ 
Help me to embrace a little child\ 
Before it’s too late , \ 
Or some older person\ 
from the horror of that fate . \ 
Enable me to be alert\ 
And hear the weakest shout , \ 
And quickly and efficiently\ 
to put the fire out . 
Got my 3rd tattoo today ... Thanks , < PROPFIRST > ! And it was great to see you again ! 
Have to get pumped for my soccer game .... all I want for new years is some energy ! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ! 
Wintertime makes me feel miserable . :-( 
Selections from my son's second grade spelling list this week ... information , poisonous , rectangular , toothache , professor , monarch , entomology , agriculture ... has it been too long since I was there or do these seem hard for a 2nd grader ? ( He is in the upper spelling group , but still ... ) 
My stomach muscles are so sore .... arms and legs are also present and accounted for , but my stomach is winning the pain contest right now . Hopefully it wil be worth the pain in the end .... 
Lost another 1.8 lbs this week for a total of 9.0 lbs in two weeks . Hopefully the weight keeps coming off . My goal .... out of plus size clothes by summer ! 
Off to boot camp ... wish me luck ! 
Yes , Pittsburgh lost !!!! Go Green Bay !!! 
I've lost another 3.4 lbs this week , for a total of 12.4 in three weeks ! I'm really pumped , but expect this week to be harder because of work travel .... 
Over 15000 steps today ! That should start to make up for some less than stellar days this past week ... 
I lost 1.6 lbs this week , for a total of 14.0 in 4 weeks . As happy as I am to lose , I did weigh in first thing in morning compared to after work , so I'm afraid that I didn't really lose anything ... Oh well , just motivates me to work even harder this week , so that I have a loss even when I go back to night weigh ins .... 
I've seen this status quite a bit , but now its my turn ... I've got a sick kid :-( < PROPFIRST > came home from school with the stomach bug . 
Still not loving getting up early on Saturday for an exercise class .... I miss sleep ! 
Having a really bad day ! 
Babysitting my beautiful baby niece , < PROPFEMALE > . And remembering why stopping at two kids was a good thing .... 
After a dissapointing 0.4 lb weight gain last week , I lost 5.5 this week ! Over 19 lbs in 6 weeks .... Summer here I come ! 
Heading off to soccer in a couple of minutes , wish us luck !! 
Really enjoy Zumba ... still not sure about this gettting up at 6:30 on a Saturday ... 
We are now officially a 4 laptop household .... 
Down another 1.4 lbs this week . Excited about another loss , but dissapointed in the number ( and hence myself ) . Time to step it up a notch .... 
Been struggling lately in my weight loss journey because of a knee injury ... managed to lose 1.2 lbs this week through food control along ( very little exercise ) . See surgeon tomorrow to confirm what path to take on my knee recovery . Overall I'm down over 21 lbs in 9 weeks and almost 40 lbs since last May . Still want to lose 29-39 more , but I'm feeling pretty proud of myself ! 
Knee scope is scheduled for Thursday .... wish me a quick recovery ! 
Off for surgery ... on my way to a healed knee and a fun late spring/summer of activity . 
On the road to a full recovery , knee is swollen , but ice and physical therapy should take care of that . Hope to get rid of crutches by Monday ( waiting to see PT ) 
12 years ago , at about this time of night , I lost my mother to a better place . I miss you , mom . 
Sitting in my 16th floor hotel room in Miami , FL watching the ocean .... and to think it was snowing when I left Cincy .... Before you get too jealous , though , I spend the next two days in a Polymers in Cables Conference , not on the beach . Still I'll take it ! 
