here's a shout out from buckeye boys state ! gotta go , ive gotta get back to work or ill get sued again . 

is back . let's get this party started right ! 
dreamed i was black and slavery still existed , got shot and survived , and became a member of a ship's marching band . 
sleep is for the dead and innocent . 
that's crazy . i had that song I've Got a Feelin That Tonight's Gonna Be a Good Night or whatever it's called stuck in my head and when i started my car i hear \I've got a feelin \"." 
< PROPMALE > State was amazing ! 
will be working tomorrow up in amish country . 
lookin for a stereo . anyone know who's got the best selections ? 
It's My Life It's Now or Never I Ain't Gonna Live Forever I Just Wanna Live While I'm Alive . 
has 49 songs on his mp3 ... after two years 
wants to form a group for going to the fair , anyone interested ? 
had homemade ice cream yesterday ! heaven in a bowl 
is going to the fair ! call my cell if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out . ( 740)297-3474 
had a great time at the fair . college visits Thursday and Friday 
back from Toledo and Bowling Green . i liked the painted rock . 
phone works again ! 
is anyone planning on wearing their senior shirt the first day ? i don't want to be the only one who does and look like a loser . 
Congrats class of 2010 , today is the first day of our senior year ! :D 
found my missing CDs ! 
has sticky hair 
isn't annoyed 
wow so as i was typing facebook's address i accidentally threw in an \i\ " and i wound up on a lesbian chat site . you really have to be careful what you type on the internet " 
ignorance is bliss , and so is music . turn on your radio and get lost from time to time . 
O-H-I-O !!! 
one college application down ! 
less than 365 days till halloween ! 
i'm done with facebook 
if anyone is getting dumb notifications from me i dont know whats going on , im not doing it . 
when life gets too complicated , just try not thinking about it for awhile . 
Just posting an update to see how many comments I can get . 
put a smile on 
no one on earth has friends better then mine . all of you guys and girls are awesome and i thank God that all of you are in my life 
Is smiling . 
April Fool's Day tomorrow ... do I laugh maniacally or dread miserably ? Maybe I should flip a coin . 
open invitation to clash of the titans at 1:05 tomorrow . < PROPFEMALE > out at my house afterward . 
Hey everybody , just lettin you know I'm running for Prom < PROPMALE > ! 
shredding and burning my childhood playhouse tomorrow . im so sad . ha ha im just kidding , i never liked that thing much anyway . FIRE ! 
I must confess I feel like a monster 
This has been an awesome weekend . 
Rule #32 : Enjoy the little things . 
\Did you know the brain keeps working for 7 minutes after the heart stops pumping ? We've got 6 more minutes to play . \"" 
I'm one happy guy :) 
Graduation Party = A < PROPMALE > for your friends to eat your food , make a mess of your house , and keep your parents up all night with their noise . :D jk , I wouldn't trade it for anything in the world . Except for maybe a lambourghini , MAN those things are sweeeeet ! Hey , why didn't anyone get me one of those for graduation ? :) 
Lord of the Rings with my girl :) 
These next two weeks are going to suck . 
Axis and Alllies : < PROPMALE > vs . < PROPFIRST > : < PROPMALE > 0 - < PROPFIRST > 1 . I'm now one step closer to world domination ! 
Really starting to miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
Woot ! Only a few more hours . 
I dont wanna live i dont wanna breath unless i feel you next to me 
Tryin to think of new xbox gamertag . 
Hello again friend of a friend ... 
First night at < PROPMALE > state . My neighbor is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , that was funny . 
\I'm weird AND itchy\ " - Alaina\ 
Done with first school day at < PROPMALE > . Still miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
Japanese is awesome ! Still , if you've taken four years of Japanese in high school you should not be in a beginner level Japanese course in college and show off . seriously people , nobody is impressed . 
First < PROPFEMALE > flashes football game today ! You're goin down < PROPMALE > State ! 
< PROPMALE > state 41 . < PROPMALE > state weenies 10 . boochakalaka 
Oh what a beautiful morning , oh what a beautiful day , I've got a beautiful feeling everything's going my way ! 
Good things I've done with a water balloon - help a priest baptize a baby . 
Sick on a monday . ugh . 
Comin home for the weekend and goin to the football game . Hope to see you there ! 
left my laptop at home . I'm a smart cookie . 
The world needs teleporters . 
Yeah . Sonic on the sega , awesome . 
-\So if you could be any animal what would you be ? \ " \ 
Had a false fire alarm at midnight .... that sucked . 
Haunted house tonight ! 
At sonfest with my girlfriend !!! :D 
Five feet in front of concert speakers . Awesomeness . 
Sonfest was awesome ! Group 1 Crew , Fireflight , Hawk < PROPMALE > , and Thousand Foot Krutch = A good time . 
Today was a good day , but tomorrow should be a great one . 
Awesome football game . Well played < PROPMALE > state . Special props to the defense . 
Peanut butter is paste for a broken heart . 
I lost the game . And so have you . 
T-shirt weather ! 
Happy Halloween ! 
Watchin the Colts and Texans in my room . 
Remember remember the 3rd of November . 
Remember remember the 5th of November , the gunpowder treason and plot . I see no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . 
Down with the Patriots !! 
Got to paint the rock ! Woooooh ! 
I've been counting the seconds till my X-box hard-drive would arrive in the mail which I thought would be today , and now I know i won't be getting it till probably after the weekend . There are no words for the disappointment . My unopened Black Ops is laughing at me from my shelf . 
I'm requesting not to be asked about what happened . 
The snow has begun . Brace yourselves . 
I swear I had icicles on my moustache after I went outside . 
Just found out my Japanese final has been re-scheduled for next Tuesday . A short Christmas break just got shorter . 
Japanese final today . No amount of studying has given me any confidence . 
Yep . Japanese final was hard . Very hard . 
Why can't my history teacher ever pick essay requirements that are relevant to the topic ? 
Chilling with friends after a long day of finals feels good . 
Ugh , up at 6:40 for an exam . 
Watched Miracle on the 34th Street with my mom . I love Christmas traditions :) . 
It's a complicated world we live in . 
I made it halfway through the day before I realized it was Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! 
I can't order my textbooks because it says my password is incorrect , and when I try to create a new account it says my username is taken , and around and around we go . 
Put the cookie down ! 
Most awkward hair cut ever . The 60 something year old barber talked about where some good strip clubs were , the time he went to a lesbian bar , and when and where were good places to go partying . 
