forgot journal problems ..... busy . 

The Great Integrity has given us three treasures to cherish : The first is Love , the second is moderation , the third is humility . If you love , you will be fearless . If you are moderate , you might always sense abundance in your life . If you live in humility , you will be widely trusted . 
We join 30 spokes to the hub of a wheel , yet it's the center hole that drives the chariot . We shape < PROPMALE > to birth a vessel , yet it's the hollow within that makes it useful . We chisel doors and windows to contruct a room , yet it's the inner space that makes it livable . Thus do we create what is to use what is not . 
6666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666666 
What a world of dfference among these leaders ! In the last two types , what is done is without sincerity or trust-only coercion . In the second type , there is a < PROPFEMALE > between the leader and the people . In the first type , whatever is done happens so naturally that no one presumes to take the credit ! 
There are 4 types of leaders the best leader is indistinguishable frome the will of those who selected her . The next best leader enjoys the love and praise of the people . he poor leader rules through coercian and fear . And he worst leader is a tyrant despised by the multitudes whoare the victims of his power . 
eccentric 1 . Departing from a recognized , conventional , or established norm or pattern . See Synonyms at strange . 2 . Deviating from a circular form or path , as in an elliptical orbit . 3 . a . Not situated at or in the geometric cente r.b. Having the axis located elsewhere than at the geometric cente r.n. 1 . One that deviates markedly from an established norm , especially a person of odd or unconventional behavior . 
makes soap monsters with all the kids from the block .... 
goes back to AA 
AA quote for the day : A Man does what he has to do and a fool does what he wants to do . 
gets an 80% on chapter two quiz the FIRST time !! 
AA breakfast ... havent been up early on a Sunday like this in awhile . 
Learned much from others who have ventured down the rabbit hole of alcohol and addiction . Very sobering . 
contemplates the value of acceptance 
Acceptance has been a theme in my life lately . I have immersed myself in the AA program . It has reminded me of the value of a few things . Self Evalutation , meditation , and prayer . I feel a lot of times we get on our high horse and look down at the world from our pew , or from wherever we may be standing on . Being humble and accepting mortality and shortcomings opens a door of tremendous power to be displayed from above . 
is done ..... 
is overworked , behind in school , sick as a dog , tired , stressed , but sober . As the old sayin goes \My worst day sober is better then my best day drunk(or high)lol .... " 
HAS THE SWINE FLU 
Swine Flu doesnt go away 
imprisoned by fact , freed by fiction ... 
Just a health update and maybe a cry for attention , lol . My fever has just gone back up and Im startin to get a little scared . 
no more swine flu , but now I have pnemonia 
really doubts it 
Is getting back on track . Almost TOTALLY cought up with school , possible advancement at work , workin out , payin bills , workin steps , sayin prayers , survived Swine flu , we're all healthy , and all good . 
watched C-Span for 5 hours last night . < PROPFEMALE > Pelosie seems very strange and obsessed with absolutely NO sincerity at all . I did enjoy watching the Republicans wipe the floor with the Democrates concerning Health Care AND the democratic idea of changing water chemical plans . 
wants to know how come this video didnt post on the wall , only my profile ? 
It's official . YOUR President has lost his mind , in wanting to try convicted terrorist Khalid Shaek Muhammed , and other known terrorists , in a civilian court of law ( in New York City , no doubt !!! ) . This is politics at its worst . 
is sick of Obama ..... really . 
Talked to an old friend for hours last night . And she turned me on to a great new word !! ready ?.... OBAMATONS !!! for all the mindless \believers \"." 
why doesnt any of my stuff post .. 
had two big ol plates uh foo , and is still stuffed !! 
Random Old Testament word of the Day/Night is ...... TOLDAH which originated from YALAD . 
its snowin outside 
do i have the < PROPFIRST > of Cain on my frickin forehead ?? 
Dear Family , I am sad to say i will not be visiting in illinois this weekend . I have come down with mono and have liver trouble that is causing me to itch like crazy . I have been ill way too many times in a row for someone my age . I am sorry and please say a prayer . 
it is snowin its butt off 
is thankfull for everyone who has helped me . I pray when i get well again that i might be in a position to offer the same . I thank God for humbling moments and for His people that show themselves in dark times . 
health update , lol . May have < PROPMALE>'s disease . A rare but treatable disease of the liver . Basically my body cannot motabolize copper . The copper levels in my blood are abnormally high . This is what the Doctor think is going on . Confirmation tests to be done tomorrow . Im glad this is almost over . 
hey imma feelin better . No < PROPMALE > Disease , just recovering from 120 proof liquor from 4 months ago i guiess . the body is wierd but heals . 
\Om Sri Durgaya Namah \"" 
sinks into manipura 
< PROPMALE > is eight years old today . Happy B day son ! 
Loves his family 
contemplating a Bachelors in the Science of Education 
Even the Gods serve . 
tomorrow the ball starts rollin .... 
Enrolled in School . Just need to fax ocer transcripts , then I start March first online with University of Pheonix . And < PROPMALE > just enrolled in Karate and Jujitsu , which Im thinkin of doin also since im gonna be there anyway . Busy future ahead . 
busy 
school , work , eat , < PROPMALE > , clean , jujitsu , work , eat , homework , school , work ...... and im broke . 
Happy BIRTHDAY AUNTIE < PROPFEMALE > !!! 80 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Everything Hod .... 
Back in College , officially . Effective Essay Wrighting and Skills for learning in the info age .... du du ... im gunna be smert ... 
Jujitsu hurts .... 
Smarter , Stronger , Deeper .... 
Seigido Ryu is the best .... 
cleaned house , quadratic equations , grammer , store , Karate , Jujitsu , Call of Duty , Dinner , writing , shower , bed ..... 
Today I wrote a short essay concerning President Eisenhower's broadcast of the D-Day invasion(1944 ) . Then I learned how to throw a solid punch , one that will eventually shatter faces . And < PROPMALE>'s grades went up in reading and writing , just what we planned to do ! Go < PROPMALE > ! Go ! 
writes a 500 < PROPFEMALE > essay .... esse . 
Move therefore and show yourselves ! appear unto us ; open the mysteries of your creation , the balance of righteousness and truth . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_VcQn-iP7I 
“Great thoughts are against all doctrines of conformity . ” Taken without the permission of Mr. Strange ..... 
Good thing you acted when you did ! I've heard goldfish can hypnotize cats then command them to jump into the fish tank where the cat is quickly consumed . 
survives week two of schoo ' . I think I have writen more essays these past weeks then I have my entire learning career . 
No amount of sorcery can help you escape your < PROPFEMALE > . 
The Greater the Light , the Greater the Shadow .... 
The democracy will cease to exist when you take away from those who are willing to work and give to those who would not . -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
And yes , facebook is my sounding board 
Genius without education is like silver in the mine . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
He that would live in peace and at ease , must not speak all he knows nor judge all he sees . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
That some should be < PROPMALE > , shows that others may become < PROPMALE > , and , hence , is just encouragement to industry and enterprise . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Hey POLITICIANS !! You may deceive all the people part of the time , and part of the people all the time , but not all the people all the time . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Hey maybe im over reacting , but what if im not .... 
You're favorite writer ( me ) is writing again . Lately I've been hit with strange things , out of nowhere , that need to come out . Normally I keep things to myself , in journals and what-not . But , if you can listen to the radio , TV , or politics , I think you can read something from me .... at least I think it's from me ...... 
pondering the combining and seperating elements of time ...... 
my profile pic is ultra sexy ..... 
a multi-demensional being in the presence of two demensional phantoms ... 
Gets owned in UFC 2009 Undisputed by < PROPMALE > ... 
the fact that i am not perfect is not sufficient evidence that I am not God ... 
“Nobody succeeds beyond his or her wildest expectations unless he or she begins with some wild expectations . ” < PROPMALE > CHARELL , NETWORK TELEVISION EXECUTIVE 
is disturbed by the recent content of his imagination ..... 
\The supreme satisfaction is to be able to despise one's neighbor and this fact goes far to account for religious intolerance . It is evidently consoling to reflect that the people next door are headed for hell . \"" 
Teaching is about showing others how to use their minds , not programming robots .... 
Those who only seek surface meaning = shallow Those who dont care to look further = ignorant 
master of the last minute .... 
if you were closer i would totally .... 
the difference between angels and humans cannot be based on the idea of human's having free will . There is a whole host of those fallen ones who CHOSE to rebel . The flood destroyed not the NEphlim ... 
Soshin o wasurezu 
they always seem to use fear , self-doubt , and methods of invalidation .... let us pray . 
Oh Woman , you are the X . And Man be the Cross . When We Unite , the Mystery is revealed . Connect the dots , as above so below , one on top of the other . Merging , seperating , inhaling , exhaling , living , dying , resurrecting . The Cross on top of X . 
Been workin in warehousing for years and in all my years have NEVER seen 444 as a trailer number .... until today . 
IIIIIIIMMMM THE FAAAAAACE IN A BOX ... ( BOW CHICK BOW BOW CHICK BOW CHICK BOW BOW BOWDEMBOW ) 
Bodies rebeling , Angels are falling , regrouping , flanking left , upon the most high .... 
week 6 finished . High a's for both .... 3 more weeks to go , then we do it again . 
Unity is expressed in the Silence of The Night .... 
Hey I recieved a call from a guy that said you missed the rapture ... and your fucked . 
the heart is beating faster ... 
As you descend into sleep , so has the Sun descended into earth , so has the Spirit descended into Man , so has the light descended into darkness . And as you rise , may realize His Will is always done and his Kingdom has come . 
I gots 500 words and im only on my first topic . Expect the unexpected ... 
Flexes the muscles in the face of nothing . 
Is now < PROPFIRST > Millcreek 
Fear the Non-sense of a foolish artist . 
Looking out upon the west a voice is heared to lay fear to rest , a gentle breeze grazes the waters thereupon ; the name that is uttered is BABALON . 
“I returned , and saw under the sun , that the race is not to the swift , nor the battle to the strong , neither yet bread to the wise , nor yet riches to men of understanding , nor yet favor to men of skill ; but time and < PROPMALE > happeneth to them all . ” EECL 9:11 
“When emotions are engagedthe brain codes content youre reading , triggering release of chemicals that single out and < PROPFIRST > experience as important and meaningful . The stronger you feel about something the more likely you are to remember it and make sense out of itThe good thing is that it works both ways ; hating something or disagreeing with something works just as well as liking something or strongly agreeing with it\ " , 201 0-0 4-18 14:12:55 " 
Taoad 
Hey lets forget about time , pretend it dont exist , right here , right now , now how do you feel .... 
If < PROPMALE > can play chess then certainly Thoth can play solitare !!! 
the sound of a click is one thing , but the sound of a clunk sobering 
Omnia in Duos : Duo in Unum : Unus in Nihil : Haec nec Quatur nec Omnia nec Duo nec Unus nec Nihil Sunt . 
Happy early B Day to my Father , < PROPMALE > Bachelor ! 52 !!! 04-22-58 !! and still strong like bull !! ( Astrological pun not intended ) 
“To be what we are , and to become what we are capable of becoming , is the only end of life . ” < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > STEVENSON , SCOTTISH NOVELIST AND POET 
I stole dis from < PROPFEMALE > cousin Nick ... but still , what da hell is da ansuh ? When poured onto cereal , what is milk ? A ) A beverage B ) A Sauce or C ) A Broth ? 
Destroy the god and reveal the man , then destroy him as well ..... 
“Education is not the filling of a pail , but the lighting of a fire . ” < PROPFIRST > BUTLER YEATS , < PROPFEMALE > POET 
Wow .... lmao ... an ammusing drunk he is . My deamons are more numerous then I assumed . Can we do it again ! 
I dreamed that you dreamed we were both shot in the head . One dies and the other parades around showing the wound but never calls an ambulance . The left brain bleeds and I want others to see . Healing would end the drama completely . 
Happy Mother's day to my Mother . 
Two classes finished . That was the fastest nine weeks I have had in a long time . Ready for the next nine . 
New classes , yes !! Research paper on how the brain learns AND learnin all about computer stuff !! I am going to be one powerful and nerdy bastard indeed !! HAHAHA !!! 
Very good article .... \ 
\ 
http://www.jungatlanta.com/DecodingHillman.html 
· False dilemma : Presenting two choices as the only choices available when there are other options that have not been revealed\ 
\ 
Example : You are either for us or against us . 
realize the infinite eyes upon thee and without thee . Knowledge is not always intellectual . Knowing is knowing . And everyone knows everything it ;s just asleep . They have only awakened what they wanted to in you by telling you who you are , what to think , and what to feel , and what to buy , and who to vote for . They rolled you , and patted you , and marked it with a B ..... 
It will decay into the same state wherever you go . The thrill leaves , the high leaves , what is left once all the fantasies and methods of escape are gone ? What happens when we leave them holes empty ? whats in them ? and why do they cry out the way they do ? 
ok , Mystical matrix nonsense time . Quite , merge into the Anime Mundi , tune in to the Archetype of your < PROPFEMALE > , sacrifice thyself to its idea , and project it into the matrix . 
bored tired fried done ... gnight 
I look like a dollar , but a feel like a million bucks .... 
\do not fall under the spell of the printed word as authority ... \ " Everyone has something that they want you to believe . " 
Serious Question that has just plagued my mind ... What Would Jesus do ... For a Klondike Bar ? hmmmm .... 
Is the Progressive Learning Model having a positive effect on elementary students ? 
“I can resist everything except temptation . ” –Oscar Wilde 
ungah bunga !!! 
Progressive Learning ( Discovery Education ) vs . NCLB ( Traditonal Education ) . 
Just a side note , the NCLB was a piece of legislation containing over 1000 pages . A center of debate and in need of revising , but a good start . 
More research , more tired , more knowledge , i'll sleep on it ... literally . 
Down the spine , not up ... 
Alfie Kohn , I apologize ahead of time , but I'm dragging your name through the mud . 
the joy of procrastination ... 
Therefore , the Rosicrucian teaching holds that we come into whatever place is best fitted for us by our previous experiences in former lives , and that we get just what we deserve in all cases ; that all experiences which come to us are just what we need to give us the appropriate impetus for our next step in unfoldment . 
Done with all that needed to get done .... giggity . 
Jeepers Creepers , whered ya get those peepers ... whered ya get those eyes .... } ;) 
The ego always suspended in space , supported by the cross ; Disolved into the light ... 
Do not laugh at the verbalized ponderings of a mad man ... 
Personally it's not Jesus I dislike , it is his fucking fan club I have the problem with . 
Rosae Rubae Et Aureae Crucis 
I am the white rabbit 
God bless those who have the courage to fight .... 
What is wrong with the Lord of Lights ? Has the Ego that much power ? It does . 
The only thing that makes me Holy is the aknowledgement of my own ignorance ... 
Give me to recognize in others , Lord God , the radiance of your own face . The irresistable light of your eyes , shining in the depths of things , has already driven me into undertaking the work I had to do . < PROPMALE > me now to see you also and above all in the most inward , most perfect , most remote levels of the souls of my fellow human beings . -- < PROPMALE > Teilhard de Chardin ( 1881 – 1955 ) 
hey < PROPMALE > is en route to Illinois right now ... 
is the Transformer in the midst of the Transformation ... 
The Kingdom of Heaven is within ; As Above , So Below ; As within , is without . 
Ain Soph , Collective Unconcious , Darkside of the God . \ 
Kether , Yachida , ID , Libido . Chokmah , < PROPFEMALE > , Animus . Binah , Neshama , Anima . Tiphareth , Ruach , Super-Ego . Yesod , Nephesh , Ego . Malkuith , All that you are , Human being . Sit under that umbrella tree of three ... 
SNORFIN 
O night that guided me , O night more lovely than the < PROPFEMALE > , O night that joined the Beloved with the Lover , the Lover transformed into the Beloved ! -- < PROPFIRST > of the Cross ( 1542 – 1591 ) 
They who never ask anything but simply love , You abide in their hearts forever , for this is Your very home . -- Hindu Prayer 
Mr. Kohn , you are a lunatic . Go to Google Scholar and enter this in the search window and taste the madness .... \ 
Ruggieri , C . ( 2008 ) . Finding Success in a Standardized World : An Interview with Alfie Kohn . Ohio Journal and English Language Arts , 48(1 ) , p11-16 . 
As For Me and My House 5 = 6 . 
When a man talks dirty to a woman , it's sexual harassment . When a woman talks dirty to a man , it's $2.99 a minute ..... I had to sang dis from my old school boy Fiorentino 
needs to remember how great the shallow life is . 
We must be in < PROPFEMALE > with ourselves ; we must come to accept ourselves . The best way to achieve this is to never compare ourselves with others , because the moment we do , we then judge ourselves inferior or esteem ourselves as superior , resulting in either an inferiority complex or an inflated ego . In both cases the result is a state of dis < PROPFEMALE > . -- Christian < PROPMALE > , Imperator of AMORC 
\art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth \"" 
Cant find my copy of The Upanishads ... 
I contribute to Peace when I strive to express the best of myself in my contacts with others . -- Rosicrucian Manuscript 
One cannot help but be in awe when one contemplates the mysteries of eternity , of life , of the marvellous structure of reality . -- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
I contribute to Peace when I feel compassion toward all those who suffer . -- Rosicrucian Contribution to Peace 
I contribute to Peace when I look upon all men and women as my brothers and sisters , regardless of race , culture , or religion . -Rosecrucian Order AMORC 
When our intentions toward others are good , we find that any feelings of anxiety or insecurity we may have are greatly reduced . We experience a liberation from our habitual preoccupation with self and paradoxically , this gives rise to strong feelings of confidence . -Dalai Lama 
A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand . Is not the mountain far more awe-inspiring and more clearly visible to one passing through the valley than to those who inhabit the mountain ? \ 
-Kahlil Gibran 
10 coins , heads and tails , Virtue and Vice . 
Hi . Same insurance , higher weekly payment .. awesome . What a deal . Im more broke and working for less . I love this country . There is no good only two evils to choose from . CONcepts of god always melts from the fires of self preservation . 
If ya cant fuck it .... poke it . 
Under the Light of God dwells the Shadow of self ... 
Im late with all my school work this week . Everything is just been piling up . When you take two classes , work full time , and are a single parent , one slip , or one change in the routine throws EVERYTHING off and then your behind . I talked to my advisor today and after this block of classes .. one class every 9 weeks , not two . Less stress and more life , lol . 
300 words to go , then off to sleep with the Sun . 
\True magic therefore is the high knowledge of the more subtle powers\ 
Prayer seems to help me tune in to a different mental dispositions , which in turn eventually changes my emtional health . The combination of these elements eventually changes my circumstances also , with persistance of course . Has anyone ever taken notice to what drives you to pray most often ? What are the impulses that drive you to pray ? Is prayer a flight from facing ourselves head on ? without fear ? 
LAdys ! LAdys !, two at a time please ... 
\I lift you up like the sweetest angel ; I tare you down like a whore ; I will bury your god in my warm spit ; you'll be deformed in your porn ... \"" 
\The True Self is the meaning of the True Will : know Thyself through Thy Way ! \ " -- The Heart of the Master " 
I miss my boy , no more sleep overs for the rest of the week ! your chillin with your ol man boi ! 
Alchemenochian . 
Everyone has there talents . My talent is waiting till the last minute to do something , and do outstanding . I am a professional procrastinator . 
I called upon the Light and the Darkness and they both said in a horrible mixture of tones ... \ At Your Service Master !! \"" 
Saves . 
It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles . Then the victory is yours . It cannot be taken from you , not by angels or by demons , heaven or hell . -Buddha 
Demons to some ; Angels to others . 
Smacked that bigg ol ass aLL night .. 
can't find my USB cable . 
\we are our own wicked gods\ 
If I were to start a cult , would you be a member , haha . 
If you send me too many pokes , I might think you want to have sex .... 
Glances into the mirror of Yesod , which is also Strength and Foundation . The Life behind the Veil of Matter , and the Purifying intelligence of that Indigo Flame . An Angel sent forth , but only God knows why , bearing a sheild of the spectrum of the Soul , Riding upon the chariot of the Kerubim , hold the three fold Scepter that waxes , wanes and Fills . 
full credit on PowerPoint project for CIS class . So .... where is ALL my energy going ? 
CIS Final Grade = C+ \ 
ENG 102 ( Argumentative Research Paper ) = B+\ 
Now to return to ZERO and forget our names ! 
Isolated Mystic , Dry , cold and distant ( Maniacle Laugh ) . The Dark Side of Binah . 
Call it forth , tame it , and train it . 
From one viewpoint , religion can be seen as sort of a luxury . If you have religion , that’s good , but even without it you can manage and survive - but we can't survive without human affection . While anger and hatred , like compassion and love , are part of our mind , I still believe the dominant forces are compassion and affection . Therefore , usually I refer to these human qualities as spirituality\ 
-Dalai Lama 
Contemporary Issues in American Education ..... I got this ... 
The combined wealth of the\ 
world’s 225 richest people is\ 
the same as the annual\ 
income of the poorer half of\ 
the world population . -The State of the World\ 
Atlas , 1999 
It's easy to get carried away and completly identify with passing ideas and archetypes , ya know ? Thats the danger of it all , not being able to let go of it . - ME 
Listen up bitches , word for the day ..... Ethnocentrism ... look it up dumbass and then gratify yourselves by contemplating all who are guilty . You'll thank me later dumb fuck . 
\OBAMA\ " . . . . I BOUGHT ME A CASE OF BEER AND DRANK IT OBAMA SELF " 
puts ths TEA in ANTI , and the ICE in CHRIST .... } ;) 
In secret , at night , in shadows , I fight , a fight that rages on in Silence . I am The Dweller of The Invisible . 
If everyman and everywoman did his and her will thetrue will—there would beno clashing . Everyman and everywoman < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and each < PROPFEMALE > moves in an appointed path without interference . Theres plenty of room for all ; it is only disorder that creates confusion . From these considerations it shouldbe clear that Do what thou wilt doesntmeanDo what you like , Itis the apotheosis of Freedombut itis also the strictest possible bond 
Red Dead Redemption = \Is everythin allright here Maam ? \"" 
WOW , I wasnt expectin so many Bday wishes , thanks tio all who recognized it . Im 30 , and Im still the shit . and I feel sorry for those who dont know me . 
The Sacred < PROPMALE > reveals the Divine seed within matter ; The Divine Hand becomes mine and is open to spin that Holy Wheel , and behold ! The Wheel drips with that Divine Lust , The Cup of Babalon , which is forever my Talisman of < PROPMALE > ! 
Facebook cant upload bitmp files , that sucks . 
God of War , In Thy Awesome Heat , let the chains that bind be melted and forged into Weapons that Serve Thy Holy Light ... 
Red Dead Redemption os Addictive , and Therapeutic ... 
I go back to work on monday , no comment 
WElcome to the 6th palace of Heaven . Where Life Eternal is our shadow , and Death does not Dwell . Sins are vanquished and all manner of Life , Light , and Prosperity dwell . Go in Peace , Knowing this . 
\The Book announces a new dichotomy in human society ; there is the master and there is the slave ; the < PROPMALE > and the serf ; the \ " lone wolf\ " and \ " the herd . \"" 
I was told to think before I act , and I been sittin here thinkin ever since . 
“And remember , you shall suffer all things and again suffer : until you have sufficient sufferance to accept all things . ” 
HAil unto Thee who < PROPMALE > Kephra in thy Hiding , even unto the who < PROPMALE > Kephra in thy silence , who travelst over the heavens in thy bark at the midnight hour of the SUn . Tahuit standeth in his splendour at the prow , and Ra-Hoor abideth at the helm . Hail unto thee form the abodes of evening ! 
Lift yourselves up , my brothers and sisters of the earth ! Put beneath your feet all fears , all qualms , all hesitancies ! Lift yourselves up ! Come forth , free and joyous , by night and day , to do your will ; for ' There is no law beyond Do what thou wilt . ' \ -- The Law of < PROPFEMALE > " 
\Reality can be beaten with enough imagination \"" 
Evil Genius . 
for his next trick ... Persuasive Debate Paper concerning Grade Retention ... 
Insanum divinus fraudatio .... 
and his amazing pet ego .... 
\To many philosophers 
\To\ 
The Fool is a Whirly Bird and your life is the swirly Terd ... 
\Few high school students\ 
Explore theNature and Powers of your Being . This includes everything which is , or canbe , for you : and you must accept everything exactly as it is , as one of the factors which go to make up your True Self . This True Self ultimately includes all things ; its discovery is Initiation(the travelling inwards)and as its Nature is to move continually , it must be understood not as static , but as dynamic , not as a Noun but as a Verb 
We often hear the tale of that one who wrestled with the angel , but how bout the reality of wresteling with demons as well ? ( Que Ultimate Warrior theme music ) . 
the dust benneth the feet of the gods , may their breath quicken the death of lif . 
this should be interestin ... 
Finall finished Classroom management paper , now some sleep . 
surf the < PROPFEMALE > then sleep with her ... 
this too , shall pass . 
thinks that one of the fruits of TRUE independance is the ability to let go . 
trhey are spying on me from space ... I just know it . 
isi n love , yall dont know bout my babby , yall others aint shit , thats for real .... 
yes Im sick , you hate my job , but I will return soon . 
not havin a phone really sucks , and so does waiting . 
“It all depends on your own acceptance of this new law , and you are not asked to believe anything , to accept a string of foolish fables beneath the intellectual level of a Bushman and the moral level of a drug-fiend . All you have to do is to be yourself , to do your will , and to rejoice . ” 
crash and burn 
There is Joy in overcoming ; There is Joy from giving in . 
The more I look at myself the more shit changes . The more I learn , the less I know . 
is not alone , even if he feels that way . 
There's more to you than just \you . \"" 
So crucify the ego , before it's far too late , and leave behind this place so negative and blind and cynical , and you will come to find that we are all one mind , capable of all this , imagine it all concievable/ TO let the Light touch you , to let the Words spill through , to let them pass right through bringing out our hope and reason . 
Yes , the Bears are looking alive .... 
fastpasstv for all < PROPFEMALE > movie needs . 
another TD ? Is this a Bears comeback ? 
yes , the bears win , 3-0 ?! oh oh oh . 
our specific experiences always extend from a general theme . 
Life is Life , Light and Shadow . 
yeah im pretty good . 
Beauty above mind and emotion . Take up thy cross . 
let's try life in a dying world ... 
two words ... stunadu and adzingada 
duality is a reality . 
the burden of the Lord , acceptance with a sigh ... 
is rounding third ..... oh and he trips up on the way home .... and heeeeees .... outta there !!! 
0-I X-X I-0 
---- < 6 > ----- II ---- < 9 > ---- \ 
--- < 9 > --- II ----- II --- < 6 > --- 
The One broke itself and left us with a murky reflection , pieces . 
content with conversations that go no further then 9 to 5 . 
tells himself , \that was just for you \"." 
