despite the roudy audi sittin for 2 weeks in the freezin cold it fired right up today and beasted through the snow it was parked in ... damn i love that car 

yay we didnt have to run to the range today ... only to the y it still sucked tho 
yay i learned a new dance today 
scare crow scare crow whats that cha poppin 
yess i got my usuear license or however you spell it lol 
Got a new phone 2day ..... Helllll yeahhhhh 
hellllll yeahahh .... who has two thumbs and just got his pfc ? this person 
iwabo-tastes like < PROPFIRST > bacon .. awesomeness ... lol best part 2:20 - 2:35 the whole song rocks tho 
i never knew 89*F was his hott ... wtf germany ? 
FINALY ! back in germany ... 
holy titties im tired 
why cant i sleep ? i have pt in like almost 2 hours and i cant sleep i have a feeling today is gonna suck 
fuck < PROPMALE > cars they suck 
the roudy audi is back in business ... 
Where will the roudy audi take us next ? 
long day ... nothin a few heinekens cant hadle tho 
and thats why shes called the roudy audi 
Leavin for graf tomorow mornin .... no FB for a while 
yess i love you 4 day weekend 
shit formation in 25 minutes dont have a hair cut and my debit card wont be here for another 3 weeks ... 
goin to the dfizzle with dizzle fa shizzle hahahaha 
damn you dizzle you got me stuck on boredbutton.com .... and now i have a pet mustache i named him lary 
who is quite thirsty and baught a new jeep ? this person 
haha best your mom joke of the month goes to < PROPMALE > whittaker 
yeah i think i might of gotten hacked so um ... yeah if i say anything dumb just forget about it 
damn ... pt test 2morow mornin dont wanna do it , atleast its just diagnostic tho 
hey did any bct battles get stationed at leanardwood ? 
im gonna be a guy sleeping on a plane for holloween ! 
flight leaves on sunday ... stuck in a hotel ... blah 
< PROPFIRST > PROCTOR IS A HOMO .... hahahahahahaha 
scramble whats up 
finally back in germany ... now i gotta wait for a bus to get back to schweinfurt 
mckenziechode ! ill see ya 2moro 
SWR 4 Life mufucka 
i NEED a new bike .. i miss ridin ): 
today was a pretty good day .. even tho it was boring i didnt have to put up with any bs 
now is the time for me to rise to my feet , wipe your spit from my face wipe these tears from my eyes 
im good .. is it bad that i miss salas ? i never thaught i would miss the 831 
fuckkkkkk this weather ..... pt is gonna suck for the next couple of months 
Wanna Join in the Campaign to Stop Violence Against Children ? Change your FB profile picture to a Cartoon from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same until Monday Dec . 6th . There should be NO human faces on FB but an invasion of memories 
now your a man ... a man man man man ! 
WTF is all this gay number stuff ? 
how come i leave home for about 18 months now and everything has gone too shit and most of my \friends\ " are douche fags now ? FUCK IT THUG LIFE ( SWR 4 LIFE ) bkb " 
I NEED A NEW CAMERA !! 
GSP mufucka 
< PROPFIRST > GUESS WHAT ? 
fuckin A im tired and bored but dont wanna sleep ... WTF 
if it looks like we were scared to death like a couple of kids just tryin to save eachother you shoulda seen it in color 
We're getting older\ 
I've started to fear for my life\ 
is this the way that it should be ? \ 
this whole thing's riding on me\ 
it's been a long road so far\ 
with nowhere to turn\ 
There's no looking back from here\ 
no more dwelling on my fears\ 
-adtr 
real g's move in silence like lasagna 
yess i baught your clogate toothpaste , the one with tartar control ... and it made me feel LIKE A PEICE OF SHITT !! 
afficially 2011 mofos 
finally got a bike ... its about fuckin time haha 
they say the best things in life are free ... i guess thats why it costs so much to get married haha 
wont be on for about a month ... laters peeps lol 
this week is definately goin good for me 
BACK IN SCHWEINFURT hells yeah 
is on CQ 
dude fuck youtube ... wont let me sign in 
goodbye everyone ill be back in a couple weeks 
