playing that axe 

writers block ... 
coming home today 
just got home from the michigan game ... thats right < PROPMALE > get owned 
school tomorrow ... not gonna b able to fall asleep till like 5 so whats the point im only going for 1 hour anyway 
cant sleep i need something to do !!! 
THATS RIGHT < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IN YOUR STUPID FACE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1111 
hates the new york jets 
time to sleep my sorrows away ... i hate the jets 
I must learn the < PROPMALE > of storytelling for 2nd hour tomorrow ... my story is gonna b the best 
my story was the shit ... 
finally home 
... WOMAN I SAID NO MAYO !!! 
eating a < PROPFEMALE > apple 
College GameDay ... Go Boise State , Michigan , and whoever is playing Notre Dame !!! 
\there should be like a separate billboard chart that has to do with clever marketing plans . So like McDonalds would be right up there with McNuggets then like you know those bands you mentioned would be up there . thats how those should be rated thats that kind of a chart they shouldnt really be on a music chart . \ " < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on < PROPMALE > Park " 
eating bacon pizza barbecue pringles and flamin hot muchies . good dinner 
sitting at danielles computer while she showers/waiting for steve ... apparently we r jumping in leaves ... 
Another pats victory !!!!! it seems like thats one of the few things i care about these days 
just got the coolest idea ever and it will be the shit if i can pull it off 
actually writing my essay after a week of procrastonating 
finished my essay ... took bout 15min it probably sucks real bad but im not proof reading it because i have more pressing issues to deal with 
best and worst day of my year so far ... whatever im just gonna sit here and listen to btbam and ill be fine 
am i the only one who hates it when people randomly stop talking to u and wont tell u why ? 
nothing to do today ... this really sucks . 
i didnt do anything today ... there werent even any good football games to watch but sometimes it is nice to sit by yourself and just think about things 
wishes he didnt suck at guitar 
loves otc field trips ... dont have to go to clarkston tomorrow 
learning how to sweep cuz im that bored 
can somebody please come up with a title for my essay its about losing yourself and i can't seem to think of a title I'm satisfied with 
writing ...? 
is a heads up 7 up pro 
i was told that i have beautiful ears yesterday by a drunk old lady i had never met before ... yet that wasnt as awkward as when she was kissing boozer 
goin to alabama tomorrow 
bed ... then bama in the morning 
long day of traveling but nice to be with the fam =] 
just got a snuggie ... best christmas ever 
needs to get a life 
needs a haircut 
Night Cat 
DO THE ARM WRESTLE !!!! 
just ate at miyako for my ba ba ba birfday and cuttin my hair tomorrow 
has short hair 
18 ! 
< PROPMALE > crimson 
4 square/bon fire birthday party this weekend =] 
shreepy shreepy 
Free Tropical Smoothie ... WTF ?!?!?!?! 
wow , that's a low price . 
red light on . 
simplicity = win ? 
come to < PROPFEMALE>'s but you gotta be off the roads by 1:30 lol 
This is a really big lamp shade ... 
Born to cut lawn . 
Had a good time last night . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Nolin !!!!!!! Tigers game later 
blow out the stars 
THAT'S RIGHT GET OWNED COLORADO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
at western all day 
tearing apart the deck so my wonderful sister can come home and paint it ! :) 
sunburn :( 
half way done rebuilding the deck . when thats done someone gets to stain it . nose goes 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was afraid of the dark . 
A female mackerel lays about 500,000 eggs at a time . 
If you pet a cat 70,000,000 times , you will have developed enough static electricity to light a 60-watt light bulb for one minute . 
Current body temperature ... 101.6 one bottle of vick's nyquil ... priceless 
soooooooo sick 
still rediculously sick ... how long can this possibly last ? 
99.1 ... not even a fever anymore hopefully I'll be done with this soon 
Time for a solid round of nine . 
When something says that it will go from 10 to 20 to 30 to 40 it is NOT implied that it will skip 10 and 20 and go directly to 30 then 40 . 
the human heart pumps 1,500,000 gallons of blood a year 
The average life expectancy for a goose is 25 years . 
Nothing better than some good old harmonics laid down over a deep bass line . 
Rusted concrete fills my head with visions of indigo fields . 
boal all day 
Colors 
can't sleep . 
Germany !!! 
Can't sleep ... Guess I'll just have to listen to more Dream Theater 
Step after step we try controlling our fate , when we finally start living it's become too late . 
happy hemmingday !! 
Wasps feeding on ferment sometimes get drunk and pass out . 
out to find that presidential robot . 
Time to take her home . 
Explosions in the Sky . 
I'm feeling helpful . Tell me what i can do to improve your life and ill try to the best of my abilities to make it happen . 
That's right NO . Get some . 
Going to the Place to do the Thing . Sooooooooooooooooooooooo excited !!!!!!! 
Central till Sunday . 
Back home . 
Off to class . 
New Laptop :) 
WHAT ?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
We collide with preaching flames tonight 
FOOTBALL !!!!!!! 
Robbed ... 
Children of < PROPFEMALE > . Look ' em up . 
Are you listening now ? 
Dreams are a curse , you know . 
I have two classes tuesdays one from 12- 3:45 and one from 5-7 its my long day of the week but its alright 
Shreepy rittle bishop . 
The Mars Volta . 
Laser Speed . 
Never get out of the boat . Absolutely goddamn right . Unless you were going all the way . 
Explosions in the Sky ... so chill ... so good . 
Study . Sleep . Wake up in 5 hours . Take Sociology test . 
< PROPFEMALE > Chien Andalou . Watch it . 
\And as there are two principles of human nature 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 100 fantasy points tonight . Yes . 
Never gonna do this math hw . Goin costume shopping tomorrow , idk what to be . 
Shower then Central for the weekend . 
You may ask yourself how does ones fantasy football team play 8 of 9 and put up 14.5 ? It's because my opponent is unlucky . or at least thats what he likes to think . 
She walks backwards so you don't have to turn . 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Rodgers , may i have another . 
Philosophy homework ... Yaaaaaaaayyyyyyy !!!!! 
Dude , you have no Koran ! 
Fake Plastic Trees . 
Reading me some < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . 
MSU game was a doozy . 
Anyone wanna buy an ESP F-404 red bass ? 
Gonna pick up < PROPFIRST > Hobson from the airport ! 
Film Final Tomorrow ... I got this . 
i need ideas for a song stat . 
where are you going with the mask i found ? 
So much snow ! :D Can't wait for the golf couse . 
Plush . 
Back to the ' ol grind . 
lol Jets . 
Needs a sociological issue to write a paper on . 
Maybe going to the Giants Vikings game tomorrow . 
What up GC ! 
The air is unfit to breathe , our food is unfit to eat . 
Feelin ' like a hand in rusted chain . 
Bass player , play me that phunk . 
Free intrnet on the plane ? Whaaaaaaat ? 
< PROPFIRST > Hobson and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > both made posts so I figured i was the cool thing to do . 
Really enjoyed The Fighter . 
Back to Michigan today . 
Class canceled ... well now what do I do ? 
I am now officially an Aquarius . This changes everything , and i do mean EVERYTHING . 
I walk backwards so you don't have to turn . 
I'm not saying they're Nazi's . I'm saying they are behaving like the soldiers Hitler used . 
Sick < PROPMALE > don't feel so good . :( 
I love < PROPMALE > Rogers so much ! 
Who would wish this on our people ? 
If you thouht < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s boob was inapropriate , what do you think of those people wearing boxes on their heads ? 
Just pocket dialed 911 ... oops . 
Nothing ever goes bump in < PROPFIRST>'s night . 
\Go back to what our founders and our founding documents meant -- they're quite clear -- that we would create law based on the God of the bible and the Ten Commandments . \ " ~ < PROPFEMALE > Palin " 
