listening to pandora radio , woop woop 

lovessss rain ! 
writing an essay . fun times ... 
< PROPMALE > Yorn is the sexiest man alive . he actually beats < PROPMALE > delonge , < PROPMALE > sturges , and < PROPMALE > morrison ! 
not a good day , cheer me up ? 
< PROPFIRST > needs to get her ass home already ! 
fml 
today was a really good day :) 
tomorrow shall be a day full of homework and < PROPFIRST > , the latter will prevent me from dying (: 
hello hurricane :) 
j'adore la musique de Journey ! 
The ice age is coming , the sun is zooming in Engines stop running and the wheat is growing thin A nuclear error , but I have no fear 
student congress blowssss . it's consuming my whole day ! :( 
not looking forward to giving a speech tomorrow :/ 
i feel lonely :/ 
going to see a tribute to the beatles at the paramont theater today ! hope its good ! 
& of course , after telling me countless times i need to hurry , she's still not ready 
i have decided to not do my math homework ! 
everytime i remember that the next two day are only 3 hours long , i get sooooo overwhelmingly happy ! horray :) 
my mom brought me home sushi and a piece of chocolate cake ! horrayyyyy ! 
done with english , done with math , on to science ... 
Who would have ever known i would find myself able to relate to a < PROPFIRST > swift song ? not i hahaha . going to talk to christian untill i pass out . night ! 
move out of the way Shakespeare , < PROPFIRST > Dickens is obviously the better writer . 
homework time :( 
music is the best <3 
Bono makes my heart melt . Going to go talk to christian :) night ! 
homework for dayssss . 
you told me you'd love me till you died , < PROPMALE > , your still alive . <-- love alanis morissette . 
just got home ;) wonderful night ! going to the waterfront tomorrow :) 
shenanigans is definately one of Green Day's best albums . 
i wonder how many friend requests Mrs. Coyer got this weekend lol . 
excited for Arizona ! Roaaaad trip :) 
oodles of chores , then lunch with christian :) 
going to sleep :) im so excited for arizona , where its supposively 100 degrees ! great day with the boy :) goodnight ! 
i believe that We Believe by RHCP is my favorite song of theirs . 
it's the 4th of july , and what is my mother doing ? cleaning ... 
Somehow i subscribed to the Cosmopolitan ? hahaha 
i can't wait for ; portland , arizona , bumbershoot , a job , graduating , life . hahahaha 
road trip with < PROPFEMALE > . hello , arizona (: 
i need a job . hire me . 
Sunlakes with the < PROPMALE>'s! byeee ! 
Eat Pray Love is deffinitely the sort of movie i will wait for it to come out on dvd before i see it . and even then i probably won't watch it . 
i have found the world's best insense , world market is the best <3 
plans of the day : paint my toes , do some laundry , and finally start on my english homework , index carding it up :) 
i hate when the definition to a word , could use a definition itself . 
is the bitchy cheer choach of glee the creepy manager lady from the 40 year old virgin ? 
so far , Fast Food Nation is just making me crave a McChicken ... 
i just passed a cop going 50 in a 25 , and i didn't get pulled over ! yesssss . 
3 minutes break over , back to homework ): 
i've never noticed alanis morissette's use of rhetorical devices in her lyrics ... haha 
my boyfriend is here ! horray ! goodbye facebook (: 
christian woke me up to breakfast this morning , i have the best boyfriend in the world (: now for homework alll day , and fast food nation has been moved up to #1 on my queue ! 
plato's closet with christian's aunt and cousin today , i love his family (: 
dude , tonight's a school night ... 
& back to christians ! 
done with my homework (: time to relax ! 
Grocery shopping with my mommy today , then having < PROPFIRST > spend the nightttt (: i miss her and her sad little self ! 
so i'm sitting her on the cmputer minding my own business , when suddenly i hear a loud crash come from the kitchen , only to find out my mother has just about destroyed the oven . oh my god . 
autumn mix < PROPFEMALE > corn is heaven . 
finished my homework , now i'm enjoying potstickers and the < PROPFEMALE > show (: 
daytime naps make it impossible to sleep at night . 
broke my zeppelin album case . 
although i've always liked < PROPFIRST > lambert , after tonight i have a whole new respect for him . winning american idol was the best thing that never happened to him 
Job searching this weekend (: 
mumford and sons = great 
why is it that everyone tries to set me up with people ? hahahha 
this is strange , but i like it (: 
just had one amazing day (: so happy ! 
happy its the weekend (: 
i don't think i've ever been this happy (: 
i haven't been on pandora in so long , im so excited right now ! 
poke war ? oh < PROPFIRST > (: 
when did everything suddenly become so perfect ? (: im so happy (: 
one two hour delay , one late wednesday , and a possible snow day ? (: yes pleasee ! 
gettin ' a christmas tree this weekend (: i'm so ready to hear christmas music everywhere i go ! 
A recese cup sounds perfect right now . 
so glad i got to see my sweetie and his family tonight ! (: 
im realizing my profile picture was taken in 8th grade ... i need photos . 
Got my ugly sweater for tomorrow ! ((((: 
had a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas (: best ever (: 
I love < PROPFIRST > :) 
skipping the game to talk to my sweetie ? i think so (: 
I want to go to ohio , only to go to the rock and roll hall of fame , and to go to the restaurant that is on the episode of man v food I'm watching currently . 
