Happy New Year !! 

is not liking the idea that her dad wants ... 
wants to just curl up and cry . She officially hates how she did this year in college . 
is getting her ass handed to her in scrabble by her boyfriend ! 
is in Minnesota till July 7 . And loves it ! 
it shouldn't hurt this much missing you !!! I <3 U . 
Is finally home and going to take a nap . 
is frustrated that she can't get her words down on the < PROPFEMALE > the way she wants them ! 
is going out to see < PROPMALE > Potter with the family . 
at times I wonder where I would be if things turned out different . * sigh * That's the kind of thoughts that you get as you look through old year books . 
Is back in town . 
finally got her cartilage pierced . But it hurts like hell to lay on it ! 
can't wait to be back in Tuscon . She misses people and having free reign of what she can do . 
is really enjoying the new show Defying Gravity . WATCH IT !!! 
wonders why things aren't going her way right now , when she really needs them to . 
is looking at a crossroads and it seems that one way she wants to go is blocked . 
is finally relaxing . And things are working out again . 
is leaving Texas on Saturday and wants to see people before she goes . Call or text , I'm free tomorrow . 
is having fun writing again . :D 
is going to be in Tucson in less then 9 hours . YES !!! 
is so frustrated with her Physics !!!! And it's due in half an hour . 
is a little frustrated that she doesn't get to make food for people tonight , cause they forget to tell her their busy ! 
there's a time in your life that you are forced to review how you view your out look on life . What happens when your not ready to change ? Please let sleep come . 
is working on something amazing !!! And can't wait for it to be done , but it still has a long way to go . 
arrg ... one more week till season 2 of Lie To Me . I want it to be the 28th ! 
Is going to be home alone tonight . 
OH YES !!!! LIE TO ME IS ON !!!!!!! WATCH IT NOW !!!! 
Yeah , That was a great season starter for Lie To Me !! 
found a dog that she really really wants and she's not sure if she is going to be able to get him . :'( 
Is having a really good day ! 
is feeling lonely even though she know that there are people to hangout with . 
Just finish watching Castle !!!!!! And Castle dresses up as MAL from Firefly !!!! AHHHHH !!!! SO HAPPY !!!!! I think I just died of happiness !!!! 
Can't wait for tonight ! I look so HOT !! 
want's to go home !! I miss people so much ! :( 
wishes that True Friends are easier to find . 
remembers why she loves her friends back home so much !!! <3 <3 <3 
at this point just wants to go home for winter break . I miss my friends back home . :( 
had an exciting trip with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . And YAY for sleepover in the living room ! 
Is going to make food in the SEDS office with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . 
Is feeling lonely ... 
sigh ... 
To Write Love on Her Arms is a non-profit movement dedicated to presenting hope and finding help for people struggling with depression , addiction , self-injury and suicide . TWLOHA exists to encourage , inform , inspire and also to invest directly into treatment and recovery . So please help ! Just for today write love on your arm . 
got all dressed up tonight . But now my feet hurt . 
1 year !!!! 
loves when inspiration strikes , yay for three new chapters !! And I have fallen in love with my characters again . Love you Sammee , Reu , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Lynnah , < PROPFIRST > , Tanita , and Saarah . <3 
studying , studying , studying . 
had a great night . Watched an amazingly funny movie , then had a really great dinner when I got home . :) 
freaken hates Math . Why am I even taking it any more ? 
is going to rap up studing for the night then , wake up early to study again before the exam . 
is about to take the physics final . Very nervous , but hopefully I know everything . 
1 exam down , 1 to go . 
is ready to stop studying and go to bed . I'll just get up early to study again . 
Is finally finished with exams . Time to relax . 
Will be back in Texas around 2pm tomorrow !! 
is about start the 6 hr journey the rest of the way home . But soon , very soon I will be home . 
is finally home !!! 
just finished watching Avatar !!! OMG !! One of the most beautiful movies that I have ever seen !! 
is very happy with her christmas gifts !!! :D Can't wait to try them out ! 
VERY VERY happy with her new camra !!! But wishes that her parents remembered to by her a memory card with the camera ... Now I have to wait till tomorrow to use it . :( 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek with the family ... and wondering where my phone has gone ... 
got a memory card for her camera , and filled it up in an hour ... opps . 
just had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > Gillaspie taking pictures with the new camera ! 
had a great night cooking with her mom . 
love's working with characters that she creates . They seem to have minds of their own . Yay , for another chapter getting finished . :D 
Had a great night with dinner with great people ! 
is writing again . :) 
has ideas bussing around her head . Now , I have to find away to get them all down before I lose them all . I <3 my book !! 
wonders why creepy men like to follow me . :( 
remembering some interesting moments in her life . * sigh * I wish I could remember more of that time . 
frustrated that she can't find her emails from 2004 . :( 
is going to stay up and watch the shuttle launch . :) 
had fun today dealing with cops and creepy old men . 
found a car that she might actually get !!!! The parents are talking about it !!! So excited !! 
got to work with power tools today ! 
is REALLY PISSED OFF at some STUPID car salesmen who sells a car to people who aren't sure if they really want the car 5 minutes before people who really want the car get there !!!! 
* sigh * 
Offically has a new car !!! YAY !!! I can drive again !!! 
had an amazing hike and a great dinner with < PROPFIRST > . 
had a great night with friends . XD 
studing and drinking a < PROPFEMALE > . Life is good ! 
just saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland , it was very good . But I have decided that < PROPFIRST > Depp shouldn't ever have red hair again . 
is offically on spring break . Thank god ! 
is home at last ! and can't wait to see people . Call/text me I'll be here till friday ! 
had an amazing rant session with herself , her computer , and new blog . Never thought a bolg would be that amazing of a stress reliver . I <3 writing what everI want with out the fear of being judged . 
is headed to < PROPMALE > today . 
cooking at < PROPFIRST>'s! yay homemade food ! 
got a lot done today on the local group project with < PROPFIRST > Carleton and < PROPFIRST > Hardegree-Ullman ! YAY ! Much more to work on though . 
tired , stressed , still working on homework , and over all just had a terrible-awful-bad day . 
FOUND A NEW FAVORITE DOG BREED !!!! XD !!!!! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! And I really want on now . :( 
is going to be twenty in 7 hours . 
Happy Birthday to me ! P.S. I HATE MATH 
Was up on a mountian all day . And got to see snow again ! :) 
Please put this on your status if you\ 
know , or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was\ 
obliterated bythe Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand\ 
that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants\ 
only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to\ 
kill innocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this\ 
your status forat least one hour ? 
is about to start studying again for her last final ... When will it end ? 
Is taking her last exam in ten minutes , and is terrified . 
is at home again . 
is teaching her sister math for her exam tomorrow . 
I went whale watching today and all I saw was a turkey . 
Who gets mad at you for being sick ? It's not fun . 
Is excited that I get to meet < PROPFIRST>'s family , soon . 
has decided that she will become a Time Lord , and steal the Tardis . Then go on amazing adventures . 
is back in town , but only for a few days . So call or text me ! 
is officially a student at the U of A , again !!! 
is looking forward to all her classes this year . They all sound great ! 
It's hailing in Tuscon !!!!!!! 
is sick and has a < PROPFEMALE > party tonight . :( not fun . 
HAS A RESEARCH POSITION !!!! I get to study body language !!! 
is completely soaked , I look like a drown rat . Stupid rain you couldn't have waited till I was at the SEDS office to start . :( 
WRITERS BLOCK GONE !!! HECK YES !!! 
NEXT CASTLE IS BASED IN A STEAMPUNK WORLD !!! HELL YES !!!!! 
I like it on the table . 
two midterms and a paper down , two more midterms and a 4 hr lab to go . It's going to be a long week ... 
really doesn't like he athens and democracy class right now . :( 
is now officially a Evolutionary Biology minor ! 
is finally using her Deviant < PROPMALE > account again . :D But now I need to find a way to get my Photo-shop back . :( 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > :'( May you rest in peace . 
2 years . :D 
Does anyone in Tuscon want to see a Greek Comedy at 7:30 pm tonight ? My friend balled on me last minute and I get extra credit for going but I really don't want to go alone . The play is Aristophanes ' Ecclesiazusae and it is here on campus . 
is currently writing a 40-50 < PROPFEMALE > Greek Comedy . I have to admit it's harder then it sounds . * ... sigh ... * 
I hate life right now ! I have an exam tomorrow , a essay due tomorrow , an essay to memorize , a novel to read , and a 40 < PROPFEMALE > comedy to write by wensday . Someone please help ! I don't think I can make it to the end of the week . XP 
What was I thinking when I said that I would write a 40 < PROPFEMALE > play ? It is 3 in the morning of day two , still with little help , and only 15 < PROPFEMALE > s written . It is due in T-7 hours . Yay for the second night of no sleep . 
DONE !!! SLEEP !! Never go 5 days without sleep it's not fun . 
Waiting to watch the lunar eclipse . <3 
Is going to look way different from now on ! 
Please pray for those that have been shot today in Tucson !! 
I apparently created a new dinosaur called a Theosaurus - you ask it for different synonyms of words . But damn if they are all dead . :,( \ 
\ 
P.S. I am helping my sister with a project , so now I'm out of it . 
Does anyone know about cars ? My tire is completely flat . XP HELP !!!! 
Is anyone free in Tucson that is willing to drive me to Pep-boys so that I can fix my tire ? 
this is not my day . :( I have a flat tire , I can't find my car keys and me and < PROPFIRST > Carleton got in a car accident and now my neck hurts . I just want to relax . 
Didn't make it into the Mckale center after waiting for 4 hours to see Obama but got a free t-shirt ! 
1st day of classes ! Very excited , but I need to get my tire filled with air before I head off to class . 
CAR IS FIXED !!! Well at least for now anyway ... 
I have a story due tomorrow morning and there are not creative juices flowing . XP God do I hate writer's block . 
\The moral of that movie is don't trust men with hats . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Hardegree-Ullman about the Adjustment Bureau " 
