is so frickin bored ... frozen ... and tired ... Yep ya gotta love what the Sault has to offer in the winter if you hate the snow and don't drink .... ABSOLUTELY NOTHING !!! 

is bored .... oh so very bored .... 
I've created 3 little monsters ... gave the boys each a dollar for helping clean and now they won't stay away from the rummage sales on on street . They keep running back and forth buying more stuff and asking for more money .... 
la .. de .. dee .. la .. de .. daa 
is going to try to < PROPFEMALE > all these children upstairs and tuck them in their beds so they aren't sleeping in my bed and all over the living room .... Wish me luck ... they aren't exactly light as a feather anymore .... 
is heading upstairs to put the 3 little bugers to bed before they drive me crazy ! Thinking I will probably fall asleep with them with how tired I am , I know pretty sad .. to be sleeping for the night by 9pm . 
has the children all tucked in bed and sleeping and is heading to dreamland .... 
is finishing packing ... boys and I are headed up to the sault for 2wks in the morning to visit family ... if anyone wants to get together to < PROPFEMALE > out call or text the cell ... 748-1242 ... will gladly welcome the company and plans to do anything ... 
The boys and I are in the Sault at my parents .... call or text the cell ... 748-1242 to make plans to get together while I am here ... would love to < PROPFEMALE > out and not be bored the entire 2 weeks . 
is home and Finally unpacked . Why does it always take twice as long to un-pack than it took you to pack ??? I can not wait to sleep in my own bed and have a bedroom to put my boys to bed in ... 
OMG These boys are driving me Frickin Crazy !!! They will not Listen for shit again today . Being cooped up in this house is so not good for them .... I HATE CRAPPY WEATHER !!!!! 
Finally has a bit of peace of quiet . All 3 boys are sitting quietly in the living room playing and watching ' Hellboy ' then ' Underworld ' comes on so it should remain peaceful until they go to bed ... Yeah my kids choose these movies over ' < PROPFEMALE>' or ' < PROPMALE>' .... 
has the brats in bed sleeping for the night and can finally clean the disaster throughout the house that they have made ... oh the joys of 4 year old twins and a 2 year old ... 
is so frickin frustrated ! I am so done with feeling this way , just wish I knew what to do to fix it .... 
is very much looking forward to Tuesday morning when the children go to school ... they desperately need some time apart where they won't be fighing .... 
Loves that the children are back to school ... but this being awake enough to function at 6am shit to get the kids up and moving I'm not loving so much ... 
is going to try to get these damn brats in bed so they will get up in the morning without fighting when I wake them for school ..... 
has so much crap that just keeps building ... I am ready to SCREAM and punch something ... I am so sick of certain people and their frickin bull shit ... they need to grow the fuck up all ready !!! 
is at a loss .... it's date nite and I have no fuckin clue what I want to do . It's dinner and probably a cheap redbox movie ... Help people ... where do I want to go eat , what's a good movie ??? I need ideas ... lol 
is just april .... 
just go home from signing < PROPFEMALE > and the Twins up for bowling for the year . After watching them practice am realizing it is going to be a very LONG season ... me and my stupid bright ideas .... lol 
thinkin it's about time to slip into the role of mom and get these kids going on the whole homework and bath or shower thing since it's about 6:30 and I have 5 stinky kids that need to get cleaned and I want them all in bed before 9pm ... now where did I leave that magic wand ??? 
9 more days till the \I do's\ " going to pick up the marriage licence tomorrow morning ... " 
so the twins started bowling league this morning ... surprisingly it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be ... Shawn's first game he only had a 1 , but game 2 his score was up to 20 so his average is a 10 ! < PROPFIRST>'s first game he had an 11 , and his 2nd game he had a 29 so his average is a 20 ! not bad for never bowling before ... 
Is getting so frickin sick of non of the apps working on here and always having to reload everything ... chat times out ... Nothing fuckin works .... 
Only 8 more hours !!! now if I could just find them damn dress shoes .... just may end up saying my \I do's\ " barefoot ... lol " 
It's now Official I am now April Ailing Weimer Pinkerton 
is getting the boys ready to go bowling ... hopefully < PROPFIRST > has a better week than last week .... 
is going to try to figure out how to get 8 children in bed so I can start gettin shit ready for party tomorrow while I wait for the last kid to get home so I can go to bed ... Wish me luck ... 
is wondering how the house was so quiet for the weekend eventhough we had 9 kids here .... yet when we only have 3 here it sounds like we live in a frickin war zone ... how does that work ??? 
is so looking forward to tomorrow ... I don't think I can take 1 more day of the same frickin episode of < PROPFEMALE > , Diago , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ect ... I realize it has been Halloween Week and all ... but come on Nickelodeon come up with more than 1 damn Halloween episode for each frickin show all ready !!! 
is going out of my mind and ready to just S C R E A M ! ! ! ! 
thinks it is quite funny that the children believe they need their snowpants , boots , wintercoats , hats and gloves to go play outside in the \snow\ " and want their sleds so they can sled down the hill next door .... There is only a frickin LIGHT DUSTING OF SNOW on the ground !!!! " 
is struggling with a homework problem I'm trying to help the daughter on and need some help .... She needs to unscramble \ M D B E T I C E \ " and make a word that has something to do with christmas .... anyone have a frickin clue ??? " 
is THINKING about finishing wrapping the christmas presents ... 
My daughter < PROPFEMALE > needs to sell about 250 more Vande Walles < PROPFEMALE > bars by mid January to pay for her 8th field trip so if anyone would like to buy some and help her out let me know we can even deliver them to you ( within reason of course ) $1.00 a bar .. There is milk choc , dark choc , choc truffle , choc mint , caramel , caramel nut , peanut butter meltaway , english toffee , Any help would be appreciated 
is still feeling like crud ... is hoping the kids are finally done puking for more than a few hours ... and I am freezing my ass off in the frozen tundra of the U.P. 
is finally feeling better ... thinks all the children are finally over being sick ... wondering what to do with her son , who decided to shit in the closet this morning ... and is still freezing in the frickin frozen artic of the U.P. 
has showered and gotten dressed ... been shopping ... been to the casino so the boys could see papa at work ... ran errands ... read the paper .... what the hell else is there to do besides freeze my ass off in this house , yes I said HOUSE not outside ... 
is in so much frickin pain ... 
Is having surgery on Wednesday ... am actually looking forward to it , then maybe I can get rid of all this fuckin pain that I am in .... that's the plan anyways ... 
well my surgery went well on Wednesday . Doc fixed me up and it wasn't as bad as I thought so he didn't have to remove anything , lets just hope it fixed all the damn pain . I'm not feeling too bad right now , although I am pretty drugged up still . I have a horrible cough which hurts my entire stomach and chest like hell . My kids still won't come near me because they are afraid of hurting me . 
is tired .... so very , very tired . 
has bowling tonight ... damn dr. never got back to me , so I have no idea if I am on a weight restriction or if I can bowl ... what to do , oh what to do ... do I just use a 10lb ball so I'm covered by the weight restriction if there is one ??? 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair ) 
thanks you everyone for all the birthday wishes 
is in total shock ... Shawn ( one of my 5yr olds ) bowled a 103 today in bowling ... his average is a 22 ! He's only been bowling for about 5 months now ... did I mention he just turned 5 and has a 22 average ??? WTF ? lol I am very proud of him , but still very much in shock .... 
is listening to spongebob while getting the twins ready for school .... then it's off to appointments and crap while they are in school ... fun fun fun ... 
is so frickin tired .... I have been up all night ... and damn it , it wasn't even because I was having fun ... I just couldn't sleep ... just lied there awake with my brain going crazy all night with stupid random useless shit popping in and out of it ... just wouldn't shut off so I could seep ... grrrrrr 
it's 80 degrees outside ... the sun is shining , birds are chirping ... and my damn kids are sitting in the basement playing the video games .... what's wrong with this picture ?? 
ok where the Hell did my sunshine go and where did this frickin downpour come from ? And wouldn't ya know it ... now the kids put the wii away and go outside to play ... 
is trying to understand the cruelty of the world and how such good people can be taken from us . Rest in Peace Lisa ... you were an incredible person , great friend and mother and will be missed dearly . My thoughts will be with your kids and family . 
is in the Sault with the boys visiting mom and dad till next Saturday . Call or text me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out or stop by my parents house .... 
just came inside from enjoying a very relaxing fire in the backyard ... 
is going to go out back to relax by the fire ... I love summer time ... 
farmville friends please go to my profile and click the link to help me expand to make room for more cows ... thanks 
bored .... so frickin bored ..... 
just got home from date nite with the hubby . Left all the romance and glam behind , went out for pizza and played mini golf then hit the batting cages ... and call me crazy , but I had a Great time ! 
8 more days .... 
5 days and counting .... 
Finally home from the hospital and all settled in with Brandon ... Spent night in ER and then he was admitted with a really bad broken arm that had to be reset before they could cast it .... Very very long night and day ... 
getting < PROPMALE > ready for school 
Frontierville Friends I am in need of lots of ribbon to create presents to complete the Holiday Decoratin ' Mission .... If you could send ribbon I would greatly appreciate it ... Thanks !!! 
getting ready to hit the road to see the family in the < PROPFEMALE > . If anyone wants to get together leave me a message or call/txt me 906-748-1242 
watching a movie ... bored ... and tired .... 
could my frontierville friends please hire me to help out , I am in need of lots of tools .... Thanks !!! 
FrontierVille Friends please help ... I am in need of 8 more sets of tools to be able to complete the Vendettas and Varmits II mission ... thanks !!! 
please hire me on frontierville ... I need tools !! Thanks !!! 
please help ... I need tools on frontierville ... Thanks !! 
FrontierVille Friends ... Please Help ... I need 11 more tools to finish my current missions ... I would love to be hired if you can ... Thanks !!! 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they probably need a foot up their ass . 
Happy 6th Birthday < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > ! I love you boys ... 
snow days should be banned !! These dang kids are so frickin loud and annoying today ... 
Feels so helpless and alone right now ... 
