is not excited to work tonight . 

Definitely the most interesting night in a while ... 
\Shut up < PROPMALE > warmer . \"" 
People care about college football ? Can't wait until Sunday !!! 
Wonders what it's like to love her job . People are such assholes . 
important experiences are not necessarily positive ones . 
is home early from work ? What ? 
got bangs ...? I look 5 . 
Those mouse trap commercials that say \guaranteed to kill the mouse\ " depress me . " 
idle hands ... 
Okay , now I can admit Ginn is part of the team . 
I wonder who on the saints blew that ref . 
HATES being lied to . More than anything . 
Please please me . 
It's all false love and affection . I don't like you , I just want the attention . 
my fucking tongue hurts . 
is going to kill herself if the Jets win . 
All I do is win . 
\He's pretty cute . \ " ' ............ still here ... ' < PROPFEMALE > Collado " 
loves < PROPFEMALE > Espinal , < PROPFEMALE > JooJeh Rodriguez , < PROPFEMALE > Olmeda , and < PROPMALE > W Peon way too much :) 
Hello spring break . Excited to start with 4 nights of work ! =) 
Relationships are about compromise . Lets just agree to disagree ... with the stupid shit you keep saying . 
I can resist everything except temptation . 
How the fuck does it shine green it doesn't have no batteries ! 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn , but that's alright because I like the way it hurts . Just gonna stand there and hear me cry , but that's alright because I love the way you lie . 
Harsh words hurt feelings , but silence breaks hearts . 
Fuck you , I know shit ! 
Loves too hard . 
No sabes como duele la < PROPFEMALE > , no sabes como duele tu adios . Yo se que nisiquiera imaginas el dano que me has hecho , mi amor . No sabes como duele perderte , no sabes como duele aceptar que para mi es urgente ol < PROPFEMALE > rte , y no tengo valor para empezar . 
I want you so bad I'll go back on the things I believe . 
All in all I learned a lesson from it though ... you never see it coming , you just get to see it go . 
Sometimes , fate throws two people together only to rip them apart . Sometimes a person finally makes the right choice ... but the timing is all wrong . And as they say ... timing is everything . 
Trust your heart if the seas catch fire ... and live by love though the stars walk backward . 
They say you can't judge a book by it's cover ... but I'm pretty sure that's only if you plan to read it . 
It's so insane ' cause when it's going good it's going great , but when it's bad it's awful . 
I have a really bad case of streaking-opia . 
You trained me not to love , after you taught me what it was . 
I like it on the dryer ; ) 
Everyone getting on that kik tip . 
I'm ashamed to say that I'm to blame for the way you act , ' cause I just keep coming back . 
Fuck the pain away . 
With you I’m in my fuckin’ mind , without you , I’m out it . 
RIP Abuelo < PROPMALE > , the only real grandfather I ever had . I miss you already . I love you . 
So I hate the Jets and the Patriots . Still a loss since the stadium didn't collapse like I was hoping . 
