Happy New Year . 

ugh i should totally be in the bed 
should really be cleaning the kitchen .... 
ahhh ..... bored 
i really want something to do .... 
watching tv ..... hmm 
I heard the baby's heart beat this morning and it is nice and strong !! YAY !!! I cant wait to find out what I'm having ..... only six more weeks ! 
trying to show my mom how to use facebook ... haha 
my dog hates it when we clips his toe nails ..... he thinks where trying to kill him lol .... the whimpering is sad tho ... makes me feel like im a bad mama lol 
gah .... im soooo bored 
is there ever anything to do around here ??? i really wanna get out the house 
hmm .... having a baby is expensive lol 
wow between seeing someone i didnt want to see ... fighting with my friend .... cops and stupid shit its been one hell of a birthday .... screw it 
hmm this is fun ..... hahaha 
wow ... uh ... did that really happen ???...... what am i supposed to do/think now ??..... 
OMG I finally felt the baby move !!! Its so weird being able to feel it !! AHH I'm so excited !! 
I'm having a little boy !!!! He will be here in February !! 
ugh i want to get out of this damn house ... 
Had my last ultrasound today ... baby Caden is doing well ... only 9 more weeks to go and he already weighs 3lbs 7oz !! IM SO EXCITED !! 
My night started out slow .... but ended totally awesome !!! :) 
Omg my computer totally sucks 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
ugh ... so sick .... and in so much pain .... really tylenol 3 is the only thing i can take ? it doesnt freakin work .... uggghhh im so tired but i know that i wont be able to sleep thru the pain .... i want painkillers !!!! 
Feeling much better today but still sick ... 
really should be going to bed .... 
oh dear .... a very interesting day ahead of me .... not looking forward to this .... i wonder how bad it will be ??? 
I finally put up all the ultrasound pics !! Hope yall enjoy ! 
at my moms office .... working for a lil bit .... bored 
ROLL TIDE !!! Way to go Alabama !!!! 
its snowing in orlando .... this sucks .... it misses us and snows in orlando ... wat the crap ??? 
5 weeks till my baby boy is here .... hopefully less .... i cant wait !!! 
drs appt went well today ... 5 weeks can't come soon enough 
wishing that my brother would grow up or something b/c i can't take his bull anymore .... ive never met anyone so ungrateful 
I dance with a gangster in line at the bank b/c i'm sexy and i do what I want . 
ready for Caden to be here .... only 35 more days to go .. 
4 weeks .. hopefully a lil less till my baby boy is born !! i cant wait !!! 
i believe everything is almost ready for my baby boy .... 
Everything is ready for baby Caden !! :) Dr. tomorrow !!! 
Everything is moving right along .... it wont be to much longer before i meet my lil boy .... 
really ready for baby caden to get here ... soooo tired of being sick .... goin thru my nausea meds like < PROPFEMALE > at this point .... :( 
guess ima be goin to north < PROPFEMALE > this weekend ..... not fun 
having a bad day .... ugh 
cleaning the house ... im bored 
:) My dr. appt . went GREAT today !! so i wont get to go to N.C. but thats ok my lil boy will soon be here !!! I can't wait !!! Not much longer now !! :) 
i hope i can get some sleep tonight . last night was a lil rough on me ... if caden is ready to be here i wish he would just come on ... 
babyshower tonight ..... feelin kinda like baby caden is ready to be here ... he hasnt stopped moving since 8am n now my back hurts .... and ive had a few contractions ... hmmm 
God is good ! My baby-shower was amazing ! I got everything I needed , wanted , and more ! Thank you so much to the ladies from church for the shower ! I am truly blessed to have such a great church family ! :) 
looking for something to do ....... 
having contractions again .... baby caden should be here this week !!!! i cant wait !!!!! 
soooo tired ... up all night with contractions ... went to hospital and came back home .... ugh baby caden is being stuborn ..... i wish he would make up his mind 
Dr's appt tomorrow ... Hopefully gonna have a baby this weekend !!!! I'm so excited !! 
My dr appt went great !!! They did what I wanted them to do ... I will be having my baby boy sometime tonight or tomorrow !!! yay !!! 
My beautiful baby boy is finally here . Caden < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Born Saturday Feb . 13 , 2010 . 6lbs 10oz and 20&1/4 inches long . 
Finally got pics of baby Caden up ..... he is so beautiful !! I love him so much 
wishin i had somebody to watch my lil boy for like 30 mins ...... 
caden is doing soooo good !!! im gonna try and get more pics up 
Caden is 3 months old and finally n size 1 diapers . N thats only bc i refuse to buy any more newborns . Haha . Still n newborn clothes tho . 
Had a good night .. < PROPMALE>'s 4th bday party so i got to < PROPFEMALE > out with the family and that was nice .. i am totally in love with my sweet baby caden ... he is my world !! 
Sooo tired .... wish I could have gone to bed when Caden did .... ugh long day 2ma ... 
really wishing i hadnt gotten on myspace tonight ... ugh ... things r just gonna get worse now 
Caden sat up on his own tonight for just a few seconds !!! wow i totally wasnt expecting that !! and he rolled over as well . but i believe he has been doing that just not when im looking ..... my lil man is getting so big ... :( 
ugh ... i feel like total crap ... i hate being sick 
im so sick of this crap ... 
I don't think I could be any happier at this point in time ... Everything is finally perfect !!! We can only go up from here !! :D 
up with my lil man .... he wont go to sleep ..... damn 
sooooo sleepy ....... 
Goin to see Eclipse 2ma with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! I can't freaking wait !!! My life is so freaking perfect right now !!!! I love it and my lil man !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > tired ... working 2ma .... 
Sitting at the house with < PROPFIRST > bout to watch a movie !!! Its been a good day ! I love my lil boy !!! 
my lil man is nappin and so is eric .... should be sleepy but im not ... oh well guess ima read and enjoy the quite ... 
is thinking that a nap sounds like a really good idea at this point .... 
Such a long week last week ... Don't think this week will be any better . SOOOOO much to do and not enough time in the day to do it .... Caden had a bad day today really hoping tomorrow is better .... I am sooo tired ...... lovin my lil man 
Caden said DaDa yesterday .... ahhh my lil man is growing up .... * tear * 
my lil man isn't feeling very well tonight .... i am so tired ... i really hope he feels better 2ma ... still gonna take him to the doctor tho .... 
What to do . What to do . agh . I guess Ima go clean my car while my lil man is sleepin !! ohhhh I hate south GA .... 
finally going to bed ... i hate it when i forget to get formula for the next day ... late night trips to walmart are not fun 
? Had so much fun on my date with < PROPFIRST > tonight .? N got to come home to our sweet baby boy sitting with his Grandmama being so good . I love my lil family ... It can't get better than this !!!! ? 
my lil man isnt feeling very well ... wish i could make it better 
Feeling kinda like chopped liver .... I know I shouldn't , but its hard not to at this point .... humph family ..... 
feeling like crap .... not easy to take care of a baby when ur sick ..... ugh all i want to do is sleep but i cant . 
In a picture taking mood tonight !! uploading more pictures !! 
ahh geeze i hate when the memory on my phone is full .... really wishing i had a nice phone so this would be easier then sending them one at a time to my verizon online album ugh 
still not done but going to bed ... 
Caden has 2 teeth ! Wow he is growing up so fast !!!! 
had fun in tally today with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and caden !!!!!!! 
Virus spreading\ 
like wildfire on FaceBook !!! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It\ 
will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open\ 
the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you , \ 
don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list ...... adds her\ 
then you get the virus to ...! Please copy and paste to your wall . This\ 
was confirmed on SNOPES8 hours ago 
omg i am just about sick of these migraines ..... they are really starting to get annoying 
i hate my computer ......... REALLY hoping that my refund check for school will be enough to get what i want ......... 
Had such a long night with my lil man .... he had his shots yesterday and didnt do to well .... he had to sleep with mommy ..... i hate seeing him sick and i can't fix it ..... 
stupid f*ckin wasp dammit this shit hurts .... my hand is almost 3 times bigger than its supposed to be ........... uuuuuggggghhhhhhh 
My hand is looking a lil better today ... at least i can move it ! 
I am finally 21 !!!!!! YAY !!!!!!!! 
Caden loves his daddy !!! When we got to church tonight < PROPFIRST > was holding him and my mama tried to get him and Caden turned away from her and back into to < PROPFIRST > and when she took Caden he cried for his daddy .... it was to funny and to cute !!!! 
oh lord it is getting late .... why am i still up ??? I am totally gonna regreat this tomorrow ... 
needs a kick in the butt so i can get this house work done 
is so past the point of waiting for November to get here so I can get a new computer ..... this stupid computer of mine is really pissing me off .... i really hope it makes it that long or I'm screwed being as I signed up for a freakin online computer class lol ..... i have a feeling I'm going to regret that .... ugh 
kinda mad rite now .......... 
Caden's Dr appt went really good today .... he is finally big enough to get medicine for this awful cold he has had ... i am sooooo happy that he is going to be feeling better soon ... this cold has really been rough on us ..... I love my lil man 
there is not enough time to watch all the episodes of Grey's Anatomy before the new season starts ..... crap ... im gonna regret doing this 
well my charger for my computer doesnt work anymore so im screwed ... and i cant watch the episodes i need to watch of grey's anatomy before thrusday crap ... :( i really hate my computer 
this tea is makin me feel so much better .... ahhh 
Listening to Caden cry is one of the hardest things as a mom ... but he needs his nap so I can't pick him up .... :'( 
aaaggghhh i really wish that people would grow up !!!! its over .... get over it move on and quit being a lil baby about everything ... ( not my fault ) HA !!!!!! bullcrap ... seriously i wish when i am sick and tired of certain people that i could quit talking to them and never have to deal with them again geez holy crap .... thinking about getting a fulltime job and getting out of here .... 
First day of school tomorrow !!! So excited ! but I am nervous .. I have no room to mess up this time ... Hoping it all goes well !!! 
Wow ... I have so much homework I don't even know where to start and I've already done some of it ... this is going to be a rough quarter ... i thought i chose the easy classes ..... crap 
Caden is in Coolidge with his Tita and he Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . I am really missing him right now . This is going to be the longest I have ever been away from him . Really hoping he is being a good boy for them tonight so with 2 sleeping pills and nothing but homework and some house work to do tomorrow I should feel like a brand new person . Can't wait to see my lil man at 5pm tomorrow !!! I love my sweet boy ! 
missing my baby a whole lot right now ... 5pm needs to hurry and get here so i can have him back !!!! he has been gone since 12pm yesterday :( 
ugh school tomorrow ... i am so tired from this weekend .... and now i dont feel good on top of it all .... really hoping i feel better in the morning .... cant afford to miss school for being sick .... this sucks 
working on homework ... so much to do and so little time to do it 
screaming baby .... sleepy mommy 
Ima pull all my hair out I am trying to write this paper and Caden wont let me ugh . I have to get done with it soon so that I can go meet with one of my teachers and go to the dr and the grocery store and then have dinner made before my 6:00 class tonight .... i dont know what to do .................................... :'( 
ahh school ........... 
getting ready to head off to English class in a bit .... home it all goes welll 
Not feeling the homework tonight .... dang i am just to tired 
Caden is just about crawling ... he is rocking on those lil knees and trying so hard !!! My lil man is growing up to fast ... and I'm pretty sure he has said bye and uh-oh ... hmmmm 
school today !!!! 
in math .... i swear this class will be the death of me ... ugh ..... 
school is really getting hard 
trying to get my math homework done but i have such a bad headache i can't think straight . i think im going to call it quits ... 
Doing math homework ... got class tonight 
omg stupid homework !!! i wanna go to bed but i have a paper to write ugh 
hmmm .... English class is over ... now on to tourting blah 
I am really messing up in school .... I just can't seem to get my-self organized .. crap 
All my math homework is done on a monday night instead of tuesday before class !! AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
I need a nap I am so freaking tired !!!!! I can't even thing straight .... but I have to wait till 4 ugh .... sleepy sleepy sleepy 
Caden is making funny noises at his baby Einstein movie .... maybe i should just go to the grocery store so that i dont fall asleep here 
dang i didnt get a nap like i wanted to .... stupid dinner took to long to prepare ... now im just super tired ... class is to easy tonight so i can't focus ... ugh got like an hour left 
Caden just took his first crawl !!!!! It was so sweet !!! OMG !!! That gave my bad day a perfect ending !!!! and his daddy got to see it too !!!! I love my 2 boys !!! 
I feel like banging my head against the wall !!!! these people are driving me crazy !!!! they wont shut up !! and these earplugs dont work .............. crap 
Dear stomach bug , \ 
Can you please back your bags and move the hell out ? I am sick of you ! Go away ! 
HOW BOUT THEM NOLES !!!!!!! How does that burn taste gators ???? HAHAHAHAHAHA 
ahh school library today ... i really hate that my charger is messed up for my laptop 
Dear who ever created MATH , \ 
YOU SUCK !!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > 
I am so glad there are only 3 weeks left of school .... I am about to go crazy ... I can't seem to figure out this stupid paper for English ... ugh 6 pages really ? All I have is a paragraph .... crap .. 
Lets go Noles !!!!! 
so mad at you right now !!!! 
ok ill play this number game ... message me your number !!! 
500 : first off your just wrong for using that number ... lmao !! We have had some good times for sure ! You are an amazing friend and I can always count on you to be there ... I can remember so many things that I just cant put on here ... and 500 being one of them hahaha i miss you !!! 
my bed is screaming my name ... so im off to make it shut up ... i hope a few hours of sleep will give me the rest i need to write my paper due tomorrow lol coffee will be my best friend in the morning !!! 
Got my paper done ... don't know how good it is but oh well maybe he'll let me redo it before class ends next week ... 
my shoulder is killing me and my knee is really messing up ... cant even take a step with out it feeling like something on the inside is tearing .... ahh geeze can i get a break please ?????? 
going to bed gotta be at wrk early 
soooo tired and have sooo much homework and not enough time to do it .... i really should have stayed on top of this crap .... ugh 
good lord it is 2:30 am and i am still awake doing school work .... ugh 
I wanna go to bed .... :'( 
I AM DONE WITH SCHOOL !!! YAY !! I am so looking foward to this break ! I made a 82 on my English final , a 98 on my computer final , and a 90 on my math final ! I should know my final grades tomorrow . 
watching a movie with < PROPFIRST > . so glad that caden is starting to get over the flu . 
Caden's birthday went great !!!! I can't believe my lil man is already a year old ... oh how time flys 
i think i have food poisoning . ugh ... 
this waiting game is about to drive me up the wall ... i can hardly sit still 
AAAAGGGHHHH !!!!! I can't take this !!! I have no paitence what so ever ugh ... 
really wanting to do something different .... 
UGH 
............ 
Heading to Alabama tomorrow .... gonna be a long ride ... 
Day one of my diet .... so far so good .... hopefully I wont be to tired after the gym tonight .... 
day 2 of my diet is going ok .... wish i could to the gym tonight but i cant .... work will be the real test .... working in a grocery store sucks .... 
