Wow , that was an entertaining ordeal . Listening to Blurry by Puddle of Mudd . I think I might cover that song later today . 

w00t . 
* KILLJOY * 
>_> Wow . These were unforseen circumstances . 
Good God , people , it was just a joke . Chill out . 
I swear , if this BlueCoat K9 thing barks one more time , I'll probably blow up the universe . 
Mmmmm , I love it when people are hateful to me . Not really . Isn't it ironic how backwards people can be ? The person who's supposed to be caring is being hateful and the person who's supposed to be hateful is being caring , even if for the wrong reason . It sucks , but it makes me want to laugh . FTL . 
WHAT ?! NO ! I didn't mean to become a fan of that ! XD 
The most illegal thing of all is the U.S. Federal Government , which , in every day , in every way , violates the highes law of the land , the Constitution and the < PROPMALE > of Rights . - < PROPFEMALE > Wolfe 
\It is just as difficult and dangerous to try and free a people that wants to remain servile as to try to enslave a people that wants to remain free . \ " - Machiavelli " 
Get a load of this ... If a janitor was caught smoking a joint in the bathroom of the Supreme Court building , then the government could \lawfully\ " seize the building and sell it to the highest bidder . " 
I saw a scary thing the other day ... the sign on the Hokes Bluff City Hall said the following : \Our freedoms are priviledges . \"" 
Working on an elf head/face in Blender . I'll upload renders/pictures when I'm finished with it . Shouldn't be more than a couple of hours . 
... Whoa . Sleep deprivation time distortion . 
10 mo ' minutes ' till Far Cry is done downloading . w00t . 
Just played the first level of FarCry .... Possibly one of the most engaging games I've ever played . THIS GAME IS INTENSE . You can cut the tension with a knife . Or in this case a machete . Oh , and let's not forget the eye < PROPFEMALE > . The tropical setting is BEAUTIFUL even if there are mercenaries out to get you . I sincerely wish I could play that game on high settings . 
I'm pretty bored atm . Trying to connect with friends I haven't talked to in a while , lol . 
Thank God for 15 minute rechargeable batteries , lol . Comment mah new stuffs ? 
SOMEBODY has got to answer my texts XD 
... Straaaaaange . When installing new video driver software the thing makes the \Hardware Removed\ " then the \ " Hardware Detected\ " sound . And the screen goes black . Then comes back to normal . Weird . " 
Just beat Portal . I'd like to thank the guys at Valve for the cake . 
CrossFire running in Vista Compatability mode crashes this computer . Blue screen of death = fail . 
I'm tired of sleeping on air-matresses . 
They said it couldn't be done .... But I'm playing Crysis on all < PROPMALE > settings ! 
Stupid Windows Movie Maker crashes ... Good thing I save often . 
People who willingly submit to ignorance under the guise of religion astound me . ' Bout to leave or the game . Later . 
Seriously ... who names their villain \Panis \"?" 
This is gonna be a looooooooooooooong night . 
< PROPMALE > should be home right aboooouuuuut .... now . 
Dragon Age : Origins is one of the hardest RPGs I've ever played . Basically RPGs are one huuuuuge mathematic equasion . There is a bit of luck involved , but if you did one huge number crunch ( using averages of all possible outcomes of the different variables ) you'd get the same result every time . 
Wow . Steam makes things so much more complicated . I just had to copy 11 gigabytes and download hacked files in order to have more than one game-save file for Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 . 
FAL + ACOG scope = WIN . 
Just finished a new video . I put 10-12 hours making it , so yeah . I'll post it online when Windows Movie Maker finishes publishing it . 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . SO WEIRD . It actually does work . 0 . o 
Just shot my new Savage Arms Model 111 . 270 . Undoubtably one of the best guns ever made . 
What the .... Omg . Modern Wafare 2 campaign files are somehow gone . I'm restarting , then . 
Well that's not a good way to start off a day , lol . I'm raging about Age of Chivalry . 
Power derives from a mandate of the masses . - < PROPFIRST > the Filth Collector 
I love how people can make such huge problems over such trivial matters . It really doesn't increase my faith in the human race . Honestly , if people can be so hostile about a simple game , then what's next ? Here's my advice : Learn what's important and what's not . 
Servitude to reinforce the wellbeing of others weakens one's own wellbeing . 
.... * glances at clock * .... .... * glances at clock .... .... .... * glances at clock * 
Wow ... 2 megabytes per second of download speed from a connection in Japan . That's like .... ridiculous . 
Lol , epic server shutdown countdown . We actually almost finished that dungeon with 3/5 of the recommended party . Kinda cool :D 
Whelllp , I'm awake , but nobody else is . There are wrapped presents under the tree ( in addition to a gigantic gun cleaning < PROPFEMALE > ^_^ ) but I've got to wait for other people to wake up to open them . Guess I'll play some CoD : World at War to start off my Christmas morning . XD 
Someone else presents an opinion that's different from what's generally accepted ? Go ahead and just put your mind on lockdown and refuse to speak to them . Hahah , I love it . 
Yeah , ' cause us Alabamians get slain by those vicious feral pigs all the time . 
Hmm ... wind's picking up .... 
I wish VLC wasn't so finicky . 
Wheeelllp , Christian and I have officially made a succesful Potato Cannon . 
I've made a discovery .... Clementines work better in Potato Cannons than potatoes do . 
BLEARGH . Just finished my marathon reading session for < PROPFIRST > Sanderson's Mistborn last night .... Looks like I may do the same with The Wells of Ascension today . I still don't know what to think about a protagonist named Vehicle Identification Number ( she's actually just named Vin , lol ) . 
I find that eating sunflower seeds while reading helps occupy the part of my brain that would normally get distracted and prevent me from really getting into what I'm reading . Awesome . 
iPod earbuds = least ergonomic things ever . The insides of my ears really really really hurt . >.< 
Caffeine as a sleep substitute makes for an interesting evening/morning , lol . 
Too bad there's no mute button in real life . 
Just downloaded reskins for virtually every aspect of CS :S . Now I basically have a collection of all of my favorite guns XD Don't like the SG550 ? Switch it for a scoped M14 ! MP5 looking too drab ? Try the Kriss Super Vector ! ( lololol ) 
Well I've finished The Well of Ascension ... The last book is next :D 
Beware , there's a stomach virus going around . < PROPMALE > had it and now mom has it . :/ 
Just finished my first game of Command and Conquer 3 . It was pretty impressive ... I ended with hundreds of infantry and dozens of tanks , and my opponent had nothing , lol . 
Well I WAS going to do ACT prep , but this friggin ' receipt has everything EXCEPT my username/password . Facepalm . 
i just drank a Monster BFC ( 1 liter ) . I feel energized , lol . 
Post a picture of someone fictional that you think best represents your personality . Be creative . It will be interesting to see what/whom you choose ... Copy and paste this so we can all play . 
Playing Oblivion . Looks like this is gonna be a loooong dungeon delve :D 
Oh ... < PROPFEMALE > . What I thought was a simple cave turned out to contain an interplanar portal . interesting . 
Apparently the game crashes when you do that >:V 
Chopstix = best restaurant around , imo . 
Finally finished downloading Rainbow Six : Vegas 2 from Steam . I'm really excited , this game is beautiful . 
Just finished taking the ACT . I was pretty pleased with my essay . The Language and Reading sections were easy , I barely finished Science , and I had to guess for the last 10-15 Math problems . I don't know how big of a hit the Math will be .... I'm hoping for a 30+ . :D 
Cough while eating cake , launch cake from nostril . 
I'm reminded why I don't like small children at my house . 
If you ever get curious as to just how stupid the internet user base is , just put a tutorial video for anything that would appear to be simple . It's only a matter of time until you get floods of comments from people asking stuff like \O BUT WATE I DONT KNWO CAN YOU HOW EXPLAN TO ME HOW U DO DAT YO DAWG OKAY . \"" 
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 makes me rage really hard . 
Just bought The Orange Box on Steam . :D 
First day playing Team Fortress 2 and I get 10 headshots in one life with the Huntsman longbow :D 
I've discovered an interesting combination . Acai < PROPFIRST > V8 Fusion + Diet Orange Crush = ... Gummi Worms ? 
Anyone want a guest pass to Team Fortress 2 ? lol 
What's the most random combination of items you've ever bought at Wal-Mart ? For me , I'd say it was a cell phone and a box of shotgun shells . 
Hmmm ... turns out replacing your big guns with lots of little guns you can fire all at once isn't a bad idea after all . 
WOW . I just got almost 70% file compression with Winrar . What was once nearly 10 gigabytes is now less that 3 gigabytes . 
I am back and with a fresh new copy of Windows 7 . 
Off to make my second attempt to read through A Crown of Swords . Maybe I'll be able to < PROPMALE > through the hundreds of pages of exposition . Maybe things will work out well at the end and Rand will become not-a-douche . And for those of you who don't know what I mean when I say that , suffice it to say that Rand is so stubborn that mules grow hands to facepalm with . 
I'm slightly irritated at my inability to keep a proper schedule for more than a couple of weeks . Bleargh . On a more positive note , upon rummaging through the refrigerator I discovered a chicken finger shaped like Africa . 
I just got a shotgun :D It's a little bitty single-shot 20 gauge . This thing is so fun to shoot , lol . 
Christian just gave me Resident Evil 5 :D :D :D :D Installing now . 
Won four FFA's on Modern Warfare 2 today :D 
Ohhhhhhhhhhhh my goodness . My hands are shaking , my heart is pounding . I just got my Tactical Nuke in Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 . For those of you who don't know , That means I got 25 kills in a row in one life without dying ..... Which is really really hard . PHEW . I am excited . 
Whellp .... I am back . I'm pretty tired after that drive though .... Time for sleep . 
I like that one guy Beef Oven . You know .... the deaf one , with the piano ? 
Bassnectar through my 4x12 . Mmmmmmmmmmm . 
Call me childish , but the two newest Pokemon games ( remakes of the 2nd generation games ) are some of the best games I've ever played . They took everything they've done up until now and perfected it .... With the one minor exception of making the games a bit easier . I can live with that . 
Good morning , world . You're looking about as bleak as ever , but I can still be cheerful , right ? 
Wow . People have been messing with my stuff again . Daylon ended a 2 hour upload process to youtube just before it finished . He also came into MY room and shut off MY computer , which wasn't even connected to the internet . Because he wanted his < PROPFEMALE > to be better on Xbox live . Well next time I want some bandwidth to watch some youtube videos while he's on Xbox live , I'll just skip down the stairs and flip his breaker . 
Looks like it's time for a dose or two of that spring cleaning . Smells like it too . 
Christian and I are up here yelling at each other . We just finished shooting a . 38 without ear protection , so we can't really tell how loud either of us is talking . 
Good morning , and good night . 
I've just discovered that this $3 pocket knife of mine is really good for throwing . Tried throwing from the blade - failed . Threw from the handle twice and it stuck twice . By a lot . 
Man , I love this Ruger . I just wish this ammo wasn't so dirty . Sigh , this thing is impossible to get clean . The chamber is just a mess of gunpowder residue and gun oil . And no matter how hard I try to scrub , when I work the bolt , more residue comes out of nowhere and sticks to the oil . Any ideas ? 
?? I'm a lumberjack , and I'm okay . I sleep all night , and I work all day .?? 
You know that feeling of angst teens get when they start to chafe under the care of their parents ? Yeah ... Well that started with me about a year ago . Now every morning that I wake up in my parents ' household feels like getting up and putting on a pair of jeans that are about four inches too short . 
Think I just went a little Tourettes Guy on my computer . 
Cardinal Fang ! Fetch ..... The COMFY CHAIR . 
I wanna learn a new language ... any suggestions ? I've tried Latin and Russian , I don't wanna learn French or Spanish ... Maybe I should try an Eastern language ? Mandarin will be the language of the world economy in a few brief decades . Still ... I don't know . 
Ever get that feeling like life's giving you the middle finger ? And then while you're distracted it kicks you in the nuts really really hard ? 
House full o ' maniacs . 
Watching The Life of < PROPFIRST > :D 
Lol , I love how people use that Katakana character as a smiley face . 
Man , I really wish I had my own apartment or something . I swear , I only get good ideas for things to build or cook or whatever at night when everyone's asleep . 
My mind is over-saturated with < PROPMALE > Python quotes . 
My my , it sure is pleasant outside today . Hmmm ... my initials in NATO phonetic are .... Golf Hotel ? I guess that makes me a resort ? 
I sincerely hope that our generation can escape this rut that's been so kindly dug for us by the previous few generations . 
I wish there was some way to make this tea up in my room . I most likely woke people up using the microwave downstairs :/ Gooooooorn . Nice woody sort of word . 
Stop that , it's silly . Time for a cartoon ! 
Your mother was a hamster and your father smelled of elderberries . 
I want to buy one of those foam bokkens to hit people with . 
There are few things in life better than fresh hot tea . Delicious . 
Alms for an ex-leper ? 
Judean People's Front ?! PHAH ! We're the People's Front of Judea ! 
Okay , I have a cup of Ramen , a 2-liter of mountain dew , a blanket , and a novel . Looks like I'm set . 
Sometimes I think I might spend too much time with my guns ... And then I laugh and think , \What a silly thought that was . \"" 
Hrm ... Chicken livers and hot sauce . I just can't seem to get enough of it lately . 
I wonder what < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would have been like if he'd had access to Google ? 
Writing a story . It starts off with a soldier stopping by a little old lady's bakery shop to buy a sweetroll on his way home from work . And then the killing begins . Heh , actually there's gonna be less violence in this than in some of my other serious attempts at writing interesting stories . Hopefully my dialogue-writing abilities have improved over what they were . At least it's a good exercise in discriptive writing . 
What also floats in water ? 
It's interesting ... You finish reading a book or playing a game or whatever it may be . You feel fulfilled and satisfied .... But when the story is over you still have to come back to reality and realize that you aren't really fulfilled at all , and all those good feelings are fake . It's a gut-wrenching experience . 
Ramen for breakfast ? BRILLIANT . 
BUMBLE < PROPFEMALE > GENOCIDE WITH A TENNIS RACKET AND BASEBALL BAT ! >:D 
Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses , not some farcical aquatic ceremony . 
Well I suppose a brief repose is called brief for a reason . These birds are surprisingly bothersome . It feels like they're intruding when I'm trying to find some peace . But I guess it's the other way around , really . 
I liked that one part where that guy did that thing and it was funny . 
Hmm . Aldi brand ramen contains the wrong kind of < PROPFEMALE > . It's like ... < PROPFEMALE > bread cookies and garlic . Placefalm . 
Hmmm ... Katana or Medieval Longsword ? 
Yes , youtube is , without a doubt , where the poop is . 
It's green and foggy outside . Have we been transported to England ? 
I'm having a philosophical discussion about creation with an Artificial Intelligence . How cool is that ? 
Am I the only one who downloads music and reorganizes their ipod before going someplace ? 
I hate leg cramps . I really really really really hate leg cramps . 
Glad I figured out why my speakers were so quiet . Now I can shake the whole house off its foundation with some dubstep whenever the notion strikes me . 
I just spent the past 4 or 5 days reading nonstop . Now that I've finished I really have no idea what to do . 
It must be hippie week . 
Hmmm .... I think if I play around with the EQ enough I can almost silence the guitar track in this song and HOPEFULLY have a backing-track . It's worth a try . 
WHAAAAAAT . I just found a technical/progressive/death metal band named Dagoba . Metal and < PROPFEMALE > Wars , two of the best things on earth . 
So you think you could out-clever us French folk with your silly knees-bent-running-about-advancing behavior ?! I wave my private parts at your aunties , you cheesy lot of second hand electric donkey ? bottom wipers ! 
Oops , I accidentally nerd . Is this bad ? 
I wish I had a microwave in my room or something so I didn't have to go downstairs to fix a cup o ' ramen and risk waking up my family , lol . 
I wave my private parts at your aunties , you cheesy lot of second-hand electric donkey bottom biters ! Back to work on the remix :D 
Well THAT was an interesting experience . 
For some reason I've started to read the word \slaughter\ " as \ " slaff-ter\ " at first glance . Interesting . I wonder why that is . " 
Yes Yes YES !!!!!!! It's all finally coming together ! HAHAHAH . It finally sounds like a SONG now ! I'm super stoked . 
I'm sure no one remembers this , but a week or so ago I mentioned how I wanted one of those foam bokkens to hit people with . Well I just got two of them in the mail :D 
is building houses and such . 
ARGH . There is no public place to upload my writing ! If I post here or on myspace , the format remains correct , but I can't link it to anyone who doesn't have myspace or facebook . And on blogspot , I can post stuff publicly but it automatically removes all of my indentations ! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU- 
just had the most epic bowl of Ramen ever . I am full . 
It's really < PROPFEMALE > outside today . Feels good , man . 
Wow . < PROPMALE > is one maniacal little child . 
Dad's reaction to first eating sushi : Priceless . 
Jeez , where does all of this junk in my room come from ? A mattress with no accompanying bed ? A box of Christmas decorations ? Tape decks from the 1980's ? Cardboard boxes from Aldi's ? Hiking backpacks ? Assorted luggage ? All I wanted to do was find my copy of A Path of Daggers , but I can't do that for all of the junk in my floor . I don't know where all of this crap came from , but I'm moving it out . 
Wow . I am FINALLY able to get interested in A Crown of Swords . Someone please tell me that this means I'm over the notorious hump in The Wheel of Time . 
* sigh * I don't know whether to love it or hate it when people do as I predict . I hate it because I'm disappointed in them but I love it because I was right . I'm actually leaning rather heavily towards the hate side as of late , though . 
I'm going to go sit in my nook , eat these poptarts , drink this Dr. Pepper , and read my book . Adieu . 
I am so happy . A Crown of Swords is actually becoming an engaging book . I really really wanted to like this series , but it got so slow I didn't think I'd be able to stick with it . I've tried 3 times to read this book , and this time it appears I've actually reached the good part . YES . 
We humans , for all of our sentience , seem to behave like cattle most of the time . We are blessed with the ability to reason , and yet we hardly use it because it's easier not to . If our race continues on like this , it deserves everything that happens to it in the following centuries . 
Got a goofy haircut from a strange cross-gender who liked to talk about retarded babies , today . 
I am officially in love with B Standard tuning . 
Post status containing musings about the fate of humanity , one comment . Post status mentioning a transsexual , 16 comments . Something is wrong here , fellows . 
Post status containing musings about the fate of humanity , one comment . Post status mentioning a transsexual , 16 comments . Something is wrong here , fellows . 
Blue bass guitar , or black bass guitar ? Anyone ? 
Rainymood.com + any < PROPMALE > McKee song on youtube = pure win . 
The more I interact with people , the more I realize how much more serious other people are than me . Or rather , how much more laid-back I am than others . I suppose it's all relative , anyways . 
Fell off a bridge today . Awesome . 
Interesting . About a year ago , I set my Myspace headline as , \Your Struggle for Dominion is now a Struggle for Survival . \ " Very interesting indeed . " 
My internet/facebook is having an aneurysm at the moment . I think I'll go play pokemanz for a bit . 
Got mah bass in the mail today . Everything looks to be in order . This thing was $120 . On first impression , it looks to be worth about three times that . Once I adjust the truss < PROPMALE > and one of these pickups .... Man . This thing . It is awesome . I'll upload some pictures later . 
is tired of being another faceless statistic . 
Listening to Mountains of Mars by Electric Wizard while my room slowly gets darker ..... \ 
\ 
Man . 
People who spend their days trying to be trendy make me want to stab myself in the liver . 
\Fools deserve whatever their foolishness brings . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
Of course I'm interested in taking a test that can give me 15 hours worth of college credits in 45 minutes . 
I want a comfortable chair . 
Oops . I've started playing Oblivion again . I guess I should prepare to see 50 hours of my life disappear in the next couple of weeks . 
Just finished the movie Revolver . Biggest mindf*ck ever . 
Apparently once potato soup has been refrigerated , no amount of microwaving will ever make it back into a soup again . 
I love how all of Activision's computer games are practically abandonware now . The only place to get patches for Call of Duty 5 is through some third part site called Gamershell . 
Apparently microwaving a container of water with a large surface area can cause steam to be produced so quickly that pressure can build up in the microwave and cause the door to burst open . That was pretty cool , lol . 
Sweet Jesus , what is up with people . My greatest attempts to be sarcastic , derisive , and acerbic , all slapped down by a bit of ignorance . It was masterfully done , too , if I do say so myself . I guess that's the thing about being a smart-ass : The recipient needs to be able to pick up on what you're doing . Urgh ... I think I need to go be unconscious for a little while . Maybe a week or so . 
You know how people always talk about how college textbooks are expensive ? Well it's no joke . My Biology textbook alone is $175 . A person could easily eat for a month with that money . And I though eight bucks was a lot to pay for a book . 
Well . I guess sleep is for the weak , anyway . All I need is a Monster BFC and I'm good to go . 
Whellp .... I'm off . Wish me luck . 
Hmm . I am kind of liking this . Comment on cool guy's stuff , tons of friend requests in the innbocks . 
WHUAT EEZ DEECE ?! 
What's up with me and 12-paragraph posts ? D: 
Why is it that every time I go to garrysmod.org I end up downloading hundreds and hundreds of SWEPs that I'll never really use ? lol . 
What's this ? 7 people all changing their profile pictures at once . People who are for the most part unrelated to each other . What's up with that ? 
Wellp , I'm off to prepare for/drive to/attend class . I anxiously await everyone's replies on my hard work . * snicker * 
I'm going to make vehicle-mounted rocket launchers legal to own and use against idiotic drivers . Seriously , what makes you think it'd be okay to ride side-by-side with another driver going 0.005 mph faster than him , with 10 cars stacked up behind you ? Why do Alabama drivers do this ? Oh yeah , because they're all f*cking stupid . ( censored for the weak-minded ) 
INFP Id + INTP Superego = a pleasant life and a particularly potent ego . At least , that's what I'm seeing lately . 
Nooooo ! Why do I keep doing this ? I was going to sleep for 3 hours , and ... D: 
I wish I had the ability to sleep only when I felt like it , and stay awake indefinitely :| That would be nice . 
Just went 30-4 in FFA on MW2 . Got my full killstreak twice . That was intense . 
Attention everyone . I now have a Mr. Mime named \N . A . Bocks\ " . And now I shall rest . " 
I just downloaded and installed SRS Audio Sandbox , and have spent the last 15-20 minutes perfecting my preset . That , coupled with these awesome headphones that I got recently ... Man . I'd really like to sit here and listen to Ashes Against the Grain in its entirety . It's like it was all only 2D before , and yet Agalloch is known for the depth of their music . This is magnificent . 
I've just realized that if I mash all of these majors I've considered myself interested in in the past together , I get one single specialized major : Neuroscience . I think I may just do it , guys . 
If you have Steam ( and I haven't added you yet ) post your Steam ID here , please . 
HOLY FFFF WE CAN LIKE COMMENTS NOW . 
Anyone wanna watch < PROPFEMALE > Wars ? I'm starting the stream at 12:00 noon . Message me for a link/invite . 
< PROPFEMALE > ting the < PROPFEMALE > Wars stream in 20 minutes . Message me for an invite :O 
... Or we could call it \tragic lack of originality\ " . Disney ... what has become of you ? " 
I have never wished that I had a camera more than I did today . I seriously saw an X-Wing cloud driving home . It had the red Rogue Squadron stripe down the side and everything . 
Just got Chrono Trigger for the DS . This is ... magnificent . 
Barack Obama ? You best be trollin ' . 
I'm sure I've said this before , but if you ever get curious as to just how many stupid people there are in the world , upload a tutorial video for ANYTHING semi-complex and computer related to youtube , and see how many people reply with unintelligible half-sentences , misspelled words , no capitalization , and no punctuation . 
Spiderbro <3 
Think I made an A on my Biology test >:D But I had to leave class early because I couldn't pay attention and was falling asleep ( partially my fault for staying up late last night , partially the teacher's fault for being dull and unengaging ) . 
New Bad Company 2 update released for PC . Now I can FINALLY toggle crouch , so I don't have to hold the freaking CTRL button when I'm trying to shoot . 
I just finished changing out the strings on my < PROPMALE > ( < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , yaknow ? ) . It certainly took a while , but I still can't believe I used to shell out $20 to a guitar tech to do this . Waste . Of . Money . 
Some people may not realize it because of my generally calm attitude , but I am capable of getting very VERY angry . Generally speaking I have quite a long fuse ( the bigger the bomb , the longer the fuse , amiright ? ) , but there are some things that just set me off . I can control myself very well even when someone does set me off , and it is for this reason that there are some very lucky people in the world . 
DUDE . Mom just bought a gigantic Mahi Mahi filet for me to cook . I am excite . And The Last Airbender is garbage . Don't waste your $11.50 . 
I must be in the Matrix or something . 13 people just hiveminded on changing profile pictures . 
I need a machine that is only capable of word processing and playing music , with no internet connectivity . I swear , every time I sit down to try and write , I end up here , doing this . 
* repeatedly . smash . head . into . desk . * 
I'm sitting here in the parking lot of Target in Decatur , leeching off of Panera's free wi-fi , waiting for Mom to get out here so we can get home , lol . All of this is beside the point , though . I just had the best sushi ever at this place called \Fulin's Asian Cuisine \"." 
I'll have some Freedom Bagwater , please . 
From this day forward , Sweet Tea will be known as Sugary Bagwater . 
Go to bed . 
Library card : Free\ 
Overdue fines : $4.20 \ 
Wandering around downtown Gadsden because you never can remember exactly where GPL is : Priceless 
Pretty certain I just annihilated my Biology midterm . A few questions were unclear ( though I know the material ) , but I'd say an A+ is a highly probable outcome . 
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN ?! 
Is the proud new owner of a 1943 all-matching Izzy Nugget . It's not ORIGINAL matching , as the barrel/receiver is Izhmash and the bolt is < PROPFEMALE > , but hey . It must've been force-rematched when it was refurbished in Ukraine . It's got a nice frilly Soviet crest right behind the sight leaf , and weird Cyrillic markings scattered about the bolt . Fires great , and probably very accurately with a little bit of work . I AM HAPPY . 
Research paper time . 
' Tis Classy Time , everyone . Go to pandora.com and set it on Symphonic , Classical Period . 
So tell me , people . Why do you still live in Gadsden ? 
Psychology exam in < 2 hours . LESS DO DISS . 
I love Courage Wolf . 
People don't respect what life has given them , only what they've taken for themselves . 
Mmmm . Full day today :D 
TODAY IS GOOD DAY . TOMORROW IS GOOD DAY . EVERY DAY IS GOOD DAY ! 
Asperger's disorder is not an easy research paper to do , especially when your teacher isn't clear on how he wants you to do it , other than that he wants it to be a non-traditional research paper , but written on a college level . I must be in the Brain Grinder . 
And now we wait . 
:| The internet is a lonely place now . 
Knowledge of the First Rule does not prevent one from becoming a victim of it . 
Watching Hot Fuzz . Apparently the residents of this town are Tau . 
If we built this large wooden badger .... 
Fffffyes man . I wanna be in a scenecore band with music based off of every other song in my genre and vocals that alternately sound like a preteen girl crushing over < PROPFIRST > Cullen and Cookie Monster discovering that there are no cookies . Our name can be an entire prepositional phrase and our songs can be a nonsense sentence that relates somehow to pop culture . 
I just went to the bookstore , and didn't buy anything . And then I went to the library , and didn't check anything out . What is wrong with me ? 
So I like Meshuggah now . They're so odd ; it's intriguing to listen and try and figure their stuff out . 
According to Merriam-Webster :\ 
Faith : A firm belief in something for which there is no proof\ 
Now would someone like to explain to me why this is a virtue ? 
Awwww , did I challenge your beliefs ? I'm so sowwy ^_^ 
\Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrities . The latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
Can't sleep . That must mean it's Case Study 2 time . 
\It's become my opinion that failure is an illusion that I've allow myself to succumb to because I thought I'd be more comfortable stagnating in fanciful dreams rather than working my way to acquiring those dreams in the future . \"" 
I suppose it's only the REM cycles that matter , anyway . 
I can assure you , I am real . 
LAHVEET ! 
asdfjkl ; . Ya feel me ? 
O_O \ 
o-o \ 
<_< \ 
>-> \ 
._. \ 
Hope I'm not WFR'd . 
Curses , profanities , and expletives . 
:D 
Someone make a petition to rename Huntsville \Dodsongrad\ " in honor of Public Hero < PROPMALE > Dodson . " 
Love me some similes . 
My new tagline : \Inspiring apoplexy since 1992 \"." 
YOU AIN'T GOT NO PANCAKE MIX . 
Oobleck + highly-concentrated cough drops = Biofreeze . 
Steaming some veggies , threw a brick of ramen in there on top of everything . Lessee what happens . 
Nyeeaaaarrrgh . 
FOO = PIDEED . 
It matters not how strait the gate , \ 
How charged with punishments the scroll , \ 
I am the master of my fate : \ 
I am the captain of my soul . 
Sometimes I just have to chuckle at my own impatience . 
DKPCOFGS . One day I will kill all of the mnemonics . 
High school teachers teaching college in the summer for extra cash .... The Fail all culminates at the end of the semester . I paid money for a college class , not a high school class with fancy labs , ho . 
* yawn * 
Is it strange that a five minute conversation on IM can improve my mood so much ? Nah . I don't think so . <3 
One more final . 
Pretty sure the point of no return was passed quite some time ago . 
\The Hawaiian Islands ' volcano is basically what is known as a hotspot . \ " - National Geographic\ 
Definitely not into this whole \waiting around for something to happen\ " thing . " 
?? So always look on the bright side of death , \ 
Just before you draw your terminal breath .?? 
Chimaira has been forced to cancel the UK leg of their \The Infection\ " tour due to \ " acute illness\ " . \ 
I am good at Google . I always either find what I'm looking for , or something cool enough that I don't mind not finding what I was looking for . 
Propriety be damned , it IS funny . 
I'm trying to make you THINK . If you THINK , then maybe you will find the answers that I cannot . And maybe then you'll share them with me , and I will know the truth as well . 
These aren't the notifications I want . 
There is an owl outside my window O > O 
I think he's trying to tell us that he wants to ride his bicycle . 
\It was like I had just witnessed life's trollface . \ " \ 
< PROPFEMALE > is one of the most talented groups of musicians I've ever had the pleasure of seeing . They're just so GOOD . 
Philosophy ? In Alabama ? XD 
Relationships should be a source of fulfillment and enjoyment in your life , not depression , anxiety , and stress . It's really quite simple : Be kind and considerate , not confrontational and moody . Talk things through , don't act hurt and expect the other person to know what to do . Make them happy and receive happiness in return . \ 
It's obvious . Right ? RIGHT ? \ 
Then why does everyone fail at it ? 
I have a habit of bringing all guns to bear when it really isn't needed . 
I love Celtic folk music so much . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Packstun Ohin < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Wills , I just got a Purple Stuff sample package in the mail . One can of each flavor , and two bottles of \calming elixir\ " . FO ' FREE . " 
Insult founder of Literature group , he doesn't get it , and instead asks me if I'd like to be an admin in his group . \ 
I think I just won like ... An internet or something . 
To say that realization dawned on him would be like saying , “The landslide gently caressed the side of the mountain . ” 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
Why is it that I always get restless in the middle of the night when there's really no place to go ? 
So , you think you could outclever us French folk with your silly knees-bent , running-about , advancing behaviour ? 
WHAT SORCERY IS THIS ?! 
Restless , so very restless . 
Wow , my \Friends Online\ " box just exploded . " 
Try to write , end up editing , don't feel like writing so much anymore . Ffffffffff- . 
Who are you who is so learned in the ways of Science ? 
Guy Ritchie movies can be ultra-stupid at times , but I still love them . 
Widdly scuds ? 
My level 1 Breton has ended eighteen human lives , told twenty-seven jokes , and had one hundred and seventy-seven skill increases . All in one level . Any questions ? 
Beautiful sunrise . 
Happy September 11th , everybody ! :D 
Just started Final Fantasy III for DS . :D 
If you haven't been outside yet today , please go . It's absolutely wonderful out there . 
Back in Hokes Bluff after a roadtrip spanning seven states . I'm ready to leave again now . 
The year of 2011 A.D. shall from this day forward be known as \Twennyleven \"." 
UAB offers degrees in Neuroscience . 8D 
HEY GUYS LET'S ARGUE OVER GAMES LOL ROLL EAGLE WAR TIDE LOL 
I possess four score and nineteen dilemmas , but a wench cannot be counted among them . 
I love how everyone calls WoW characters \toons \"." 
Purple Stuff + Ace Combat 04 . 
1 < PROPFIRST > 18:25 \ 
And < PROPMALE > said , Thus shall ye say to < PROPFIRST > , The < PROPMALE > desireth not any dowry , but an hundred foreskins of the Philistines , to be avenged of the < PROPMALE>'s enemies . But < PROPMALE > thought to make < PROPFIRST > fall by the hand of the Philistines . \ 
Gayest . Quest . Ever . 
Tome of Visages . 
Top Gear on BBC . <3 
ROLL EAGLE WAR TIDE GUYS LOL 
This statement is false . 
Just built my first MTG deck . I think it's pretty awesome . Then again , I am an experienceless noob . 
Today has been a good day . :D 
ROLL EAGLE WAR TIDE 
We have a cat named Diglett . 
Oh , Behemoth , why have I never listened to you before ? Your machine-gun drums and spine-crushing guitar tracks remind me of the joyous days of my youth - frolicking through the fields without a care in the world . 
Good morn- ...! Wait . It's ...? But ... I could've sworn ... > 8 [ Circadian rhythms are the cruelest invention ever . Why , evolution ? Just why ? 
\Hence that general is skillful in attack whose opponent does not know what to defend ; and he is skillful in defense whose opponent does not know what to attack . \ " - Sun Tzu " 
Dad's reaction to hearing me read him his personality profile was priceless . 
\The ability to progress shows us that the limit we previously thought was there actually wasn't . \"" 
Yaknow , football is a cool sport , but I really , REALLY hate how big of a deal everyone makes it out to be . Get your priorities straight , folks . You've got better things to do than kill each other over a game . And if you don't , well ... best get to it . Natural selection is supposed to work BEFORE you pass on your genes . 
\We may regard the present state of the universe as the effect of its past and the cause of its future . \ " - Pierre-Simon Laplace " 
I start playing Civilization V , next thing I know it's 6 AM . Dubya tee eff , man . 
Civilization V domination victory ? I think so . 
I just completely ripped , organized , and retitled the soundtrack for Civilization V from the game files . That took FOREVER . 
Brb , off to find the mightiest tree in the < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPMALE > Potter = dumbed down Lord of the Rings . \ 
Frodo - < PROPMALE > \ 
Samwise - Ron\ 
Legolas - Hermione\ 
Gandalf - Dumbledore\ 
Aragorn - Sirius\ 
Gimli - Hagrid\ 
Saruman - Snape\ 
Sauron - Voldemort\ 
Smeagol - Dobby\ 
< PROPFEMALE > & Pippin - < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > 
Brb , gotta go do science for a few hours . 
Turns out witches aren't actually made of wood . Who knew ? 
Fallout New Vegas uses the old Windows ' error message sound in the ambient music . Yarly . 
If we built this large wooden badger ... 
\Reality is a crucible of the refining of ideas . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Keirsey & Marily Bates " 
\The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant ; the population is growing . \"" 
wat . 
Does Christianity preach tolerance or intolerance ? 
I like eating at restronce . 
Yarr , nautical nonsense DO be something I wish ! 
\Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance . \ " \ 
Congratulations , you have successfully lived long enough for your mental functions to begin decaying full-force ! Won't you please take your sweet time doing absolutely nothing ? Don't worry about us normal folks who still have places to be and things to contribute to society , these things are far less important than your hobbling through traffic to have your morning coffee . Please , we insist ! 
\Can't get these < PROPFIRST > out of my head ! \"" 
Auburn and Alabama winning consecutive national championships would be the lulziest thing ever . Juss sayin ' . 
Sometimes I wonder if I'm insane . Other times I wonder if I'm the only sane person around . Not sure which I should be more concerned about , but this happens to be one of the latter occasions . 
Haven't trolled in awhile . 
I wish I'd thought of it in time . I would've been < PROPFIRST > Ducreux for Halloween . 
You know things have progressed too far when you begin identifying the decorative leaves printed on your shower curtain . 
I have these massive stints where I go all out discovering new music . This is one of those times . 
<3 Miscommunication . 
I'm unsure if this is a missed joke , or a counter-troll . 
I am thankful for Burn Notice marathons . 
Coma time . 
Tipping cows in fields Elysian . 
My coffee is taste dishwasher . 
When you think of the \most influential discoveries/inventions\ " of the past couple of centuries 
Creepin ' . 
All the doors in my house are broken . 
There's a massive difference between \playing by the rules\ " and \ " playing the rules \"." 
The Expendables was incredible . 
Much as I'd like Auburn to win the title , I wouldn't be disappointed in the slightest if USC pulled this off . 
I've made it my goal to thank everyone who posts . XD 
The Happy Birthday wishes stretch to the bottom of my < PROPFEMALE > now . Thanks , everyone . :D 
Please allow me to adjust my pants . \ 
So that I may dance the good time dance . \ 
And put the onlookers and innocent bystanders into a trance . 
How do you ask someone if they use tumblr ? \Do you tumble ? \"" 
GSCC Online Student Information Center , y u no available ? 
Random dude is whistling the < PROPMALE > Griffith theme song in the computer lab . Freakin ' extraverts , man . 
Send me a number and I'll totally disregard it as I continue typing this forum post . 
\I bleed crimson and white ! \ " \ 
C'mon , < PROPMALE > . Watchu doin ' gettin ' your paw stuck in the swingset at 7 AM on a sunday morning ? 
14-0 in Pre-Match FFA . It doesn't save those in theater . Fuuuu- . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > hatefest . Let's do this . 
THAT IS AN EXCELLENT POINT , KIND SIR . IF I MAY PRESENT A REBUTTAL ? 
I like going to my friend's houses and sleep in their basements like a lazy fart . 
i like PancaKes 
Gotta get used to it being Twenny-Leb'm . 
Saw four shooting stars . 
Job interview at 1 . 
That went well . 
If you ain't got no money , then you must have some money . 
Anyone want a cheap drum set ? It's a Sound Percussion . One snare , a < PROPMALE > , a floor < PROPMALE > , a bass drum , mounts for everything , plus a hi-hat stand and two kick pedals . It sounds like crap , to be perfectly honest , but with some new heads , proper tuning , and some cymbals it'd be pretty decent . $100 seems fair . Any takers ? 
Ready for some blasphemy ? Black Sabbath sounds so much better with Dio as the vocalist . 
\ ... Fuckin ' amazes me . It's being politicized . And a nine year old girl is dead . \ " - < PROPMALE > ( NeverEnuffAmmo ) " 
Snowpocalypse Twennyleb'm . 
The snow's really really powdery , and not really good for any crafting . 
I can't even . 
Copy this text and put it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then still copy this . It's important to spread the message . 
GOT IT ! 
INTP - \Architect\ " . Greatest precision in thought and language . Can readily discern contradictions and inconsistencies . The world exists primarily to be understood . 3.3% of total population . " 
Relax , bro . We're trollin ' . 
So these things feel great . \ 
http://www.vibramfivefingers.com/products/Five-Fingers-KSO-Mens.htm 
Little did I know that during all of those endless hours playing Civilization IV and Age of Empires , I was actually preparing myself to work fast food . 
In the next 500 years or so , I wonder if surnames like \Meteorologist\ " and \ " Soundtechnician\ " will be as widespread as names like \ " Smith\ " and \ " Cooper\ " are now . " 
So hemp braids are out of style now ? Sweet , now I can start on mine . 
Does anyone know a nursery rhyme about being unable to sleep ? I feel like if I knew one , it would be playing in my head in an endless loop right about now . 
If our soldiers are not overburdened with money , it is not because they have a distaste for riches ; if their lives are not unduly long , it is not because they are disinclined to longevity . \ 
-Sun Tzu 
He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not will be victorious . \ 
Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance . \ 
So I now have the habit of rolling my sleeves up all the time , even when impractical to do so . Just one more momento from < PROPFIRST>'s . 
I have learned to appreciate every individual minute of sleep that I get . 
Is it just me , or is facebook going insane tonight ? 
Dear Churchill , \ 
Am I still an appeaser if I know the crocodile is old and will likely die long before I run out of food ? \ 
Sincerely , \ 
A Tactician 
I hate Apple . 
UPS > USPS 
Bought < PROPFIRST > R . R . < PROPFIRST>'s \A Game of Thrones\ " on a whim in BAM . I read one paragraph of description and was thoroughly impressed . Anyone have anything to say about it ? < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ? Paxton < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE >?" 
Anybody have an old musical keyboard they want to/will sell ? I don't care how old it is so long as all the keys work and the sounds are ( reasonably ) realistic . Speakers aren't really an issue , as I'll be using headphones . 
Pretty sure I just drove through Hyperspace in a Buick . Best night ever . 
Synching my new Philips Ariaz 16GB without any third-party software . I am officially done with Apple . 
Just finished Ender's Game . o-o 
IMPORTANT : Tomorrow , Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow < PROPFIRST > Zuckerberg to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains and untick the \Tasty\ " box . Please copy and repost . 93% won't repost and will have their brains eaten . " 
Reinstalling Black Ops and making experimental pizzas in an attempt to salvage my evening . 
So on the menu tonight is the \Spaghetti Pizza\ " and the \ " Other People's Leftovers from Kobe Pizza \"." 
Facebook on my nook ? I like . 
http://www.myfacewhen.com/110/\ 
http://www.myfacewhen.com/118/\ 
http://www.serebii.net/pokedex-bw/569.shtml 
Probably my favorite description facebook : \a forum for all the retards of the world to voice their dumb f*ck opinions and display how ignorant and uneducated the majority of the population is . \"" 
Do you dispel your doubts , or do you seek to disprove them ? Do you overlook discrepancies , or do you investigate ? Do you give benefit of the doubt , or do you employ Occam's Razor ? 
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim , HNNNNNNNNNNNNNGH . \ 
Reign of the Septims Choral , DOUBLE HNNNNNNNNNNNGH . \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjqsYzBrP-M 
Just finished the movie Pandorum . It was INCREDIBLE . 
My day involved a small roadtrip , millions of dollars worth of firearms , Five Guys ' Burgers and Fries , and tornado chasing . I must say , ' t has been one of the best in awhile . 
Glock :\ 
Butt-ugly plastic shooting appliance with the ergonomics of a caulking gun . Five-pound trigger with no external safety makes it ill suited for its target market ( cops who shoot a hundred rounds a year for qualification ) . Favored by gangbangers because the product name is short and rhymes with other short , rap-friendly words . 
