just shoot me 

would love a surprise instead of a let down for once 
rationalizing the paltry recourses of inane aspirations 
discouraged ... more like disappointed i suppose ... 
actually had a good time ..... thank you . I need a Massage !!!..... any takers ? 
awesome week !.... back to reality ... woohoo 
wow ... didnt even take one day back to shoot down the good mood .... impressive 
blah ... 
goodnight world .... another day ... another merciless kick to the liver ..... 
If the world didn't suck we'd all fall off . 
i know this wont mean much to most people .... but seriously ? disney bought the rights to < PROPFEMALE > Comics ? oh my .... 
one long series of vain repetitions 
ok , too many things to think about .... nite y'all 
i know the answer ... so y do i keep trying to prove myself wrong ? 
done with it 
is it wrong to want what feels right ? 
define the difference between truly wanting something and being selfish 
define the difference between truly wanting something and being selfish - as in ... how do you know whether or not the consuming thought has any possibility of ever culminating into something worthwhile ...? or you are just a broken repeating 72 that needs shut off 
i might need someone to come dig me out tomorrow .... anyone have an old 4wheel drive they wanna sell ? 
oh , excercises in anger management ..... im gonna need some .... 
i screw up way too much 
so things are lookin up ... and yes , because of you 
drivin back to elkview .... woo-hoo ! 
Vous m'êtes < PROPFEMALE > supplice délicieux 
.......................... 
maybe im expecting too much 
basically what i got is what i have always prayed for . now , i just pray that it continues to get better and better .... 
Love is never wanting to lose faith , never wanting to give up , and never truly moving on . Love is knowing and praying in the deepest part of what is left of your heart that they feel the same 
ya know , sometimes .... things just don't make sense to me .... 
I could get used to this .... ;) 
True love isn't without problem , it has many obstacles , true love is working through all of them and coming out happy with that someone on the otherside 
You never lose by loving . You always lost by holding back 
Your intellect may be confused , but your emotions will never lie to you 
ive never wanted something so much ... 
Love is not breathlessness , it is not excitement , it is not the promulgation of promises of eternal passion . That is just being \in love\ " which any of us can convince ourselves we are . Love itself is what is left over when being in love has burned away " 
Awesome day with an awesome girl .... thanks dear 
New job day number two .... woo ! 
Anybody have anything they need done ? If ur payin ... ill do it .... 
Same awesome girl , another awesome night . Thanks hun ! 
Well , did three sermons today and no snorers or anything .... either it was OK or I bored them past sleep into some catatonic state . ( And having you there really helped . Thanks dear ) 
spent some quality time with an amazing girl and her little sickie .... 
I am trying so hard to be patient 
Wishing I could come anywhere close to sleep . It would be a welcome escape 
well ... im convinced . trust us over-rated ... 
Maybe I should just play by the rules everyone else uses .... 
“If life gives you a bowl of lemons , go find an annoying guy with paper cuts” 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . 
Nothing is more discouraging than unappreciated sarcasm 
When your dad is mad and asks you , “Do I look stupid ? ” Don’t answer him ..... 
\Never do anything that you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics \"" 
It was recently discovered that research causes cancer in rats 
\i \ 
Never take life seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway . 
May those who love us love us , \ 
and those who do not love us , \ 
may God turn their hearts , \ 
and if He cannot turn their hearts\ 
may He turn their ankles\ 
that we may know them by their limping .... 
“People\ 
look at you and me to see what they are supposed to be . And , if we\ 
don't disappoint them , maybe , just maybe , they won't disappoint us . ” 
\Not a shred of evidence exists in favor of the idea that life is serious . \"" 
Accept that some days you are the pigeon , and some days you \ 
are the statue . 
Ah , women . They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent . 
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals ; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants 
Stress is nothing more than a socially acceptable form of mental illness . 
I wonder how much deeper the ocean would be without sponges . 
I \ 
almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met . 
I dream of a better tomorrow , where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives . 
I took a test in Existentialism . I left all the answers blank and got 100 . 
If my calculations are correct SLINKY + ESCULATOR = EVERLASTING FUN 
The very existence of flame-throwers proves that\ 
some time , somewhere , someone said to themselves , You know , I want to\ 
set those people over there on fire , but I'm just not close enough to\ 
get the job done . 
people amaze me to new heights everyday ...... and sometimes .... yet oh so rarely ... its even in a good way 
ok - any takers on this one ? which is best ? doing something you enjoy - doing something you have a talent for - striving only for financial independence ? 
The purpose of life is to fight maturity . 
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about . 
If all the world's a stage , I want to operate the trap door 
Hey liquid paper - your bottle should say you don't work on computer screens !...... 
Twenty-two astronauts were born in the state of Ohio ..... what is it about that state that makes people want to flee the earth ??? 
Some\ 
people are like slinkies ... they're really good for nothing ... but they\ 
still bring a smile to your face when you push them down a flight of\ 
stairs . 
\Atheism - a religion dedicated to man's own sense of smug superiority ... \"" 
Now , I don't see color . People tell me im white and I believe them because policemen call me \sir \"...." 
thanks to each of y'all for the birthday wishes . made it an awesome day 
I always wanted to be somebody , but now I realize I should have been more specific . 
\Keep \ 
is \ 
colorblind and trying to solve a rubiks cube ... this could take a while 
is \not for everyone . Clinical tests show that < PROPFIRST > may\ 
fortified with 8 vitamins and minerals 
Two antennas met on a roof , fell in love and got married . The ceremony wasn't much , but the reception was excellent 
went to the book store earlier to buy a ' Where's < PROPMALE>' book . When I\ 
got there , I couldn't find the book anywhere . Well played < PROPMALE > , well\ 
played .... 
chillin out maxin ' relaxin all cool . 
riding ponies outside Wal-Mart . . . I need quarters 
calculating the cost of a train ride to Hawaii 
I refuse to give into my blues - cause I'm the < PROPMALE > of wishful thin < PROPMALE > ... 
just passed a Leopluradon on his way to < PROPFEMALE > Mountain 
Apparently the forklifts at home depot are \not meant for racing and for employee use only . \ " They should really get a sign .. " 
wants you to read this status . Keep reading it ... There , now I have full\ 
control over your mind . Now give me a hot dog ! 
Imagine how fun Pringles would be if the cans were spring-loaded 
Stress is the confusion created when one's mind overrides the body's \ 
basic < PROPFEMALE > to choke the living daylights out of some jerk who \ 
desperately deserves it .... 
May mercy , peace , and love be multiplied to you\ 
- < PROPFIRST > v2 
\Christ is the Answer\ " campaign @ PHS fieldhouse\ 
Definitely worth waiting for ... 
So great night leads up to horrible day ... awesome 
hmmm .... 
Ya know ... being a constant worrier has its downfalls ...... like insomnia for instance ...... 
Well now im just confused ... 
Its amazing how a song can tie so closely to a memory or emotion .... 
Humidity should be illegal ... 
Headin back to parkersburg in the am ... enjoyed the break but now only six days til I leave ..... little nervous ..... 
I got five days to sell the idea ..... wish me luck .... 
Four days and wayyyyyyy too much to do ..... 
Down to three .... not good 
Pharmacy tech position open at Kroger's on 7th . If ure interested lemme know ASAP ! 
i would really enjoy not being disappointed all the time ... 
Does it still pay to be trusting and optimistic when u get let down every time ? 
Well .... in Tennessee at freed . Me in grad school .... should be interesting .... 
So to my Kroger friends .... did u know everywhere else u get a discount on everything u buy w ur card ? 
sticking sharp metal objects into the wall outlets . 
U know except for the whole no sleep thing ... this sleeping pill us amazing ..... 
Reaching new levels of boredom 
I hope someone knows what im doin ...... cause i just dont know about myself sometimes 
essential to a balanced diet 
I just read that last year 4,153,237 people got married . I don't want to start any trouble , but shouldn't that be an even number ? 
I have ADD and OCD ... its great because I get to obsess about something new every few minutes ... 
So how do u stop second guessing yourself ? I need to find a way to circumvent rational thought .... 
So ...... very good night ! 
I love all my chorale brothers here on retreat .... but shoot .... I thought my snoring was bad .... 
who really needs to learn greek anyway ... its not like anything important like the Bible was written in greek ............ i mean seriously ... 
So I take a sleeping pill and im awake more than normal ..... I mean ... seriously ? 
So the band is great .... i have definitely missed playing my trumpet .... 
i dont think ive ever been so happy to see the sign for Parkersburg ... 
Back in Henderson after a very good weekend 
How do you get from ambition to lasting motivation ? 
As fun as it is to memorize the pattern on my bedroom ceiling ..... I would love to fall asleep someday ...... 
For some reason ... Brandi picked her < PROPFEMALE > ring over my class ring to wear for an engagement ring ..... weird ..... 
RIP < PROPMALE > . We lost a very talented man . Our prayers are with your family . 
If anyone in Henderson is bored and feels like helpin me out with a little moving ... I would love u forever ... :) 
Happy birthday Mr. Fee-hee-hee-heenay ! \ 
\ 
Gotta love BMW 
ok ...... so today on Sirius radio 90's on 9 .... the DJ announced about < PROPMALE > Collins officially retiring from music after his injury on tour .... he could play piano or drums because his hands werent steady enough ..... so then what song does he decide to play ? \I can't dance 
