Is wondering when she'll be able to successfully post pictures on facebook , because she knows you all want to see her pictures from from Mexico and Costa Rica . She also knows that the long wait is making you all suffer and apologizes for her inadequate c 

Digli-Dig , Digli-Dig , Trio Trio Trio ! 
I am really upset . I was working on my child sim and she was one day from aging up and the social worker stole her from me ! 
I can't sleep . I can't sleep . I can't sleep ! Gaaaah ! If only it were as simple as closing my eyes , but even they won't stay closed ! 
I'm off to do homework . Bleck ! 
I can't sleep ... 
Nasa has found bodies of water on the < PROPFEMALE > ! Unlike the first discovery of water molecules in the atmosphere , Nasa , through the use of bombing has discovered that there are indeed bodies of water . It is still inconclusive whether the < PROPFEMALE > will ever be inhabitable , however so keep your fingers crossed , space nuts ... and don't criticize my grammar . I know you're tempted ... so don't 
Who in their right mind closes a library at 7:00 ? It's absurd ! 
The incessant babbling of fools is God's infernal curse upon the intellectual community . 
I'm in the library studying in an individual study room , and I can hear people ... giggling . Do people not understand that libraries exist for studying , and not partying . 
First name Mr , middle name ' period ' , last name T ! Forget < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Mista T . is the baddest in the world ! 
Upsilamba ! 
Reading < PROPFEMALE > in Tehran is a great book . 
Thanks for all the comments guys . 
I'm totally studying now . 
Everyone should try learntosit.com . 
Holidays are good times to self-reflect and to establish better relations with ourselves . In order to have peaceful relations , one must be at peace with himself . Since you no longer have the earlier distractions from everyday life , you can face any enigma you were ignoring before . Take some time to learn about yourself this Christmas . You can do this through guided meditation and journaling . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
Shazbot ! 
What are going to do ? Are there any school plans ? Good luck with everything . 
Boy : Hey Mr. Owl . How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsi-pop ? Mr. Owl : Let's see ... One . Two . Three ... * crunch * 
Root : under-active (-19%)Sacral : under-active (-19%)Navel : under-active (-44%)Heart : open ( 19%)Throat : under-active ( 0%)Third Eye : over-active ( 63%)Crown : open ( 25%) 
I'm unmotivated to do anything .... 
It sucks to have Tonsillitis . Woe is me . 
My throat hurts . :( 
I'm addicted to Mass Effect 2 . 
I got food poisoning at < PROPMALE > Dining Hall . Oh , joy ! 
I'm off to complete my first exam of the week . Wish me luck . 
I've got to focus on studying . 
My last exam is a comprehensive exam . At least , I know with 17 chapters covered on the test , there can't be any obscenely difficult questions . 
I've removed all of the face book game applications from my account ! Those things are equivalent to pop-up adds . I can't stand them ! 
Animazement was great . I can't fully elaborate on the awesomeness in a status update , so I won't tell any of you about it . Muahaahaahaa . Feel underprivileged . >:D 
I attended Animazement from Thurs . 27 through Sun . 30 . It was really fun . I didn't attend any panels , but I did meet some awesome people . There were many awesome cosplayers . I couldn't imagine anything larger . 
I miss Animazement . Well ... back to my mundane life of monotonous boredom . 
That reminds me . Fangirls make me happy . I got lots of hugs . I think I beat Near's hug count ... >> 
I realized that I can be a deadpan snarker at times , so if I ever annoyed you in such a way , then I apologize . 
It's decided . I'm going as Trowa < PROPMALE > next year . I'm excited about making his clown suit . I'm also going to have his usual costume for regular photo shoots , as well . Aleya , did you want to do the Death Note Cast again ? If it's ok with the others , maybe we could do Death Note one day as well . ^.^ 
I'm bored ... 
My friends are backing out on Dragon Con . T.T 
http://propakistani.pk/2010/05/23/one-facebook-two-faces-one-is-real-ugly/ 
I need MORE ... SP ! 
I saw < PROPMALE > of Persia tonight . It was surprisingly good . The plot was cheesy at times , but the quality of the production made up for any corniness . 
I've finally logged back onto facebook . Nope , I didn't die ... Anyway , life is pretty good right now . I have a part time job , and I still get to enjoy my summer . 
I just finished Portal ! It was so much better than I originally thought it would be . Does anyone know where I can get the end song ? 
I saw Inception on Friday . It was an epic movie . You should all watch it . It got an 87% on Rotten Tomatoes so it must be good . 
I finally went to Wasabi 88 . It was pretty cool . Who would have thought that steak on sushi would actually be good . 
Facebook is such a distraction . I forgot what I was originally doing online . ... ... Oh yeah . I need to check my e-mail . 
I just found a person with a huge collection of DC comics , and he's going to let me borrow them . XD I'm gonna get my nerd on now . What was that thing about < PROPMALE > West vibrating and being able to pull apart his molecules to run through walls ? 
I just got Teen Titans in the mail . I'm going to read it now . ^.^ 
I'm starting to like < PROPMALE > Drake . Maybe I misjudged the kid . 
UPS , USPS , or USPS Media Mail ? I need to know which is the best choice ? 
I feel enlightened ... For now I know the origins of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
T-E-E-N T-I-T-A-N-S ! Teen Titans ! Let's go ! ... >.> Um ... yeah . 
This music is making me feel sick . Can you get motion sick from listening to music ? 
I want to watch Big Dreams Little Tokyo . 
ECU is closed for flooding . It will be open at 11 . Guess when my first class is ? That's right . 11 . Why do I get stuck with all the bad luck ? 
I'm eating unpopped corn kernels , because I'm just that bored . They aren't that great . 
Is < PROPMALE > Boortz a trustworthy and reliable talk show host ? 
I really need to be productive today . I guess I need to get out of this chair first . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oq-p0ysCF6E 
I got the Completionist achievement on Mass Effect . :D 
I wanna go to Woodstock in Toronto . 
For halloween , I get to study . Thanks a lot for scheduling my tests the first three days after halloween , especially the person who scheduled a math test on Monday . I really appreciate it . 
The Walking Dead is great . I think I might start watching television again . 
Wait ... What ? NO ! 
Hey , does anybody want to go to Checkers tonight ? I have a craving for Chili Cheese Fries . Comment if you want to go too . 
I forgot my clothes in the washing machine so I have to wait for them to dry before I go back to Pamlico . What am I going to do over the weekend ? Stats homework . Do we have internet yet ? More importantly , do we have cable yet , specifically AMC ? I have to watch the Walking Dead on Sunday . 
Nevermind 
My new favorite anime is Shiki . I don't know if I can wait for the final episodes to come out . 
Does somebody want to study with me ? 
I'm going shopping . Does anybody want to go to the mall ? 
Thank you , everyone who wished me a happy birthday . I appreciate it . :) 
I hope everyone has a great Christmas Break . 
My Mass Effect game started Freezing today . At least I only lost the last mission and nothing more than that . I only need two more levels to get Extreme Power Gamer . Then I can transfer my character to Mass Effect 2 . 
Does anybody need to go to Walmart/Target today ? I will probably be going over there later today , so if you need anything or just want to come along for the ride , you're welcome to do so . Also , I don't have my phone at the moment . I believe I left it in my car in B-lot . 
I need to buy All < PROPFEMALE > Batman , so I can compare Morrison and Miller . 
Why doesn't facebook have a dislike option ? I would use it all the time . 
Do you ever feel like ranting , but keep yourself from doing it solely because it is socially unacceptable ? 
New Goal : Running in the morning . Exercising at night . I need to be able to run at least 2 < PROPMALE > by the beginning of March . 
If you're not scared , Put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1) = Crazy . ( 2) = I`d marry you . ( 3) = Attractive . ( 4) = Sarcastic . ( 5) = I miss you . ( 6) = I`d kiss you . ( 7) = Moody . ( 8) = Smart . ( 9) = Imaginative . ( 10) = Random . ( 11) = Hot . ( 12) = Funny . ( 13) = Fit . ( 14) = Amazing . ( 15) = Tough . ( 16) = Cute . ( 17) = I'd hit you with a bus . ( 18) = I love you . ( 19) = weirdo ? ( 20 ) = Batman 
I've lost my phone , but I should find it hopefully before the end of the day . I think I might have left it in Mendenhall . If you need to talk to me , then leave me a message on Facebook . 
I'm gonna go eat , look for my phone , and maybe do some exercise , then follow up with some studying . 
I found my phone . 
Where is my dislike button ? They still haven't added it ? 
