Work is , well , no fun =( 

Snow tomorow =( 
Class Tonight =( 
I like food =) 
407 at our memorial , and it was only our congregation . 
Just got home . Drove all night . I had the last streach from Ratone all the way home . Now time to get some sleep ! 
Flies for fun . 
Last week of being a teenager ... Scary thought . 
< PROPFIRST > Swift concert tonight at 7 . 
Last day ever as a teenager ..... people keep on telling me i need to do something stupid , but what ...? 
Mmmmmm monster . 
Just ripped a big hole in my pants right below the butt ...... i sure go through pants a lot ... 
Wow , wont work be great in the new system where we will enjoy it , and when we do it it will be for ourselves or ones that we want to help . Will be great ! 
Just had one of those double down sandwiches from kfc , it was amazing . I do believe everyone should try one . I had the grilled one , probably will try the fried one soon . 
Stayed home from work today =) 
<<< Happy 
Class was canceled tonight . Yay ! 
After wearing shorts yesterday , it is now snowing ... Gotta love Colorado . 
Yay its Friday ! 
Life is just hard sometimes ... 
If it snows wednesday I don't have to work ! Bring on the snow ! 
Went to sleep at 8:30 lastnight , got up at 4:45 . 8 hours of sleep really makes a difference . 
Yay no work ! 
Fajitas ! 
Worked four 10's this week , and I'm so tired from it . Hey , though , I get tomorow off so its all worth it =) 
It just annoys me when people can't stick to their word ... 
So I think Lost should have had a different ending ... 
Get a 4 day weekend =) Doing the Boulder Boulder on Monday , gonna be a lot of fun ! 
BOULDER BOULDER !!!! 
Got informed that I now have to start work at 5:30 AM as opposed to 6 . Also in a couple of weeks that it's going to change to 5AM . I think I'll be going to sleep a lot earlier then usual , and taking a lot more naps . 
\LIKE\ " this status and I will write something I like about you on your wall . Set this as your status if your brave enough . " 
This past weeked was like a little taste of what the new system will be like . Being surounded our brothers and sisters and taking in information for 3 straight days , it just went by wayyyy too fast =( Have to wait another year for it again 
My grandmother died this morning . =( We will be leaving for Texas early in the morning . 
You would think having nothing to do all day would be cool , but not so much ... 
Back from Texas . It's so nice to be home , but sadly now back to the reality of work ... 
Satan just really knows how to get to people ... 
No matter how hard you think life can be sometimes , theres those little moments that remind you why you keep pushing along , they are the moments worth waiting for . 
Heading to the mountains for a long weekend , just to get away . Thought we were going to stay in Steamboat , but I guess we are staying in Meeker now . Can I survive being with my family constantly for 4 days ? We will see . 
Great day ! 
Okay I know this is random , but I really feel like pancakes right now =) 
Another week at work down ! Yay ! 
Today was great and a lot of fun . No matter what you do though there are always those people who when they are with you make things just so much better , and I had that today as well =) 
Just got the samsung epic 4g for sprint . I used my dads update for his phone though , and now he has to have the phone until I get the rebate for it , and then can swap it to my number after that . So I have the phone ... but don't . 
Paramore concert tonight . 
BBBLLLAAARRRGGG !!! 
Going out and riding the ATV's and dirt bike today . Doing some shooting as well . Will be lots of fun ! 
I love helping people . Today I realized , though , that I do not like dealing with shingles . 
Wow <3 nyquil 
< PROPFIRST > Eat World on sunday night ! 
Concert = great . People busting your passenger window = not great . People not stealing a purse , phone , ipod , and all my tools from the car = awesome . Good thing I had an alarm that looks like it scared them off . 
Ever just feel like the whole world is against you ? 
Hall build today was awesome ! 
Guess who just got laid off ... reduction in work force = fun 
I don't think that I knew what stress was before now . 
Finally got my phone ! 
Filled out an application online and got a call in 30 minutes . I go in for an interview tomorrow . =) 
I start on Monday . Except for the long drive up to Coors everyday , it looks like everything will be good =) 
So I was supposed to start on Monday ... but it's Tuesday and I'm still sitting at home . Took a drug test on Friday and they haven't gotten the results back yet ... 
Haha like 5 minutes after I posted that they said that I passed . So I can start tomorrow .... at least 1 day of work this week . 
I see beer , lots and lots of beer . 
Who else is up at stupid early hours ...? 
It's kind of depressing going into work when it's dark , and then leaving work when it's dark again . Oh well . 
BROWNIES !!! 
Good day at the circuit assembly :) 
Ahhhhh the smell of beer early in the morning . 
Hey idk who hasn't seen tron , or who dosn't have plans tomorow , 11.30 at century 16 . Feel free to come :) 
When one things goes right , everything else seems to go wrong . 
It's now snowing up here in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Have to put < PROPMALE > down this morning . It's hard , but with him like he was it's the right thing to do for the poor dog . Bye Bye Mr. Fatty =( 
Just watched < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > split a whole 50\ 
chicken McNuggets thing from McDonalds ..... crazy 
So today I woke up about 3 minutes after I usually leave for work . Still made it to work on time somehow . 
Guess who just got laid off again ... 
Found and reserved the place for the reception ! That's 1 big thing out of the way . :) 
Yay ! have an interview tomorrow . 
Alright I start on Monday =) 
Hmmmm , what to eat after the assembly tomorrow ... 
I am now helping build a mini water world ! 
Anyone interested in going to the linkin park concert with < PROPFEMALE > and I on feburary 26th ? Tickets are a little pricey ... 
Got all the invites for the wedding ordered =) 
Just got my finger sized , I have fat fingers , ring finger at a whopping size 11.5 ... 
Hmmmm wonder how many will be at our 4PM meeting tomorrow . 
Just registered at target ... mom said that we had nothing on the list compared to other registries she's seen ... IDK why just felt bad scanning stuff . Guess we are doing it at Bed Bath and Beyond tomorrow . 
Looking at apartments today . 
Linkin Park tomorrow =) 
At the linkin park concert ... its almost an hour late starting already ... 
Just spent the first night at my own place . :) 
MUFFINS ! 
Well Satan really is working hard . Just got laid off once again this morning . Time to start looking for a new one ... 
Oh and now I just noticed someone hit the front of my car this morning , no clue exactly when ... kinda bad tho . 
So many things I could be doing , but I can't seem to be able to get out of bed to do them ... 
I have done ..... nothing all day . I do not like this . 
Interview today at 1 . 
I go in for orientation tomorrow morning and start working on Monday morning . Thank you Jehovah :) 
I start monday , will be working at Wings Over the Rockies for now . 
Back to the normal work routine . In some ways I like it , in some ways I really don't . 
