sits here bored out of his mind , thinking about absolutely nothing . 

Enjoying my weekend off the only way I know how , doing absolutely nothing . 
All work and no play make < PROPMALE > .... well it makes me an employee of In-N-Out . 
Got my raise because I'm that fucking good at it , next day I get a sweet farmer's tan on my head that outlines my hat . 
You know what's good in life . Baking . Baking right in the morning , even just as I am waking up . It's like waking and baking . >.> 
What if all the world's inside of your head Just creations of your own ? Your devils and your gods All the living and the dead And you're really all alone ? - Nine Inch Nails 
Hmmmmmm , I'm hungry . I'm not sure what I'm feeling quite yet though . Chinese sounds pretty good , but a burrito sounds pretty damn good too . Hmmmm , or an oven roasted chicken from Bel Air . Just a big ass tub of KFC gravy and one really big ass straw . 
Why the fuck am I staring at facebook ? How the hell did I get sucked into this shit ? 
Oh hi , didn't see you there . Well .... this is awkward . I'm gonna go ahead and leave now ... 
I'm eating raspberries and watching half baked , yet I'm eyeballin ' those chunky chips ahoy . Ooooooooohhhhhh , those double chocolate chunk muffins . OH MAH GAWD !!! MMmmmmmmmmmm . 
Wow , I am getting older , noooooooooooo 
No internet for a few days , moving all my stuff into new place . It's fucking sweet ! 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I HAVE INTERNET AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mmmmmmmmmmmm I have a slow roasting pot roast that has been cooking in the crockpot for almost 7 hours now . It's gonna be so fucking good when I get home from work . 
I am about to go lay down after I set up a nice little playlist on iTunes to crash out too and it's one of those nights when you know : I am going to be sleeping gooooooooooooood .... so good , I am soooooooooooo comfortably numb right now . 
Two mids in a row ! Who needs a life outside of work !??! 
If existence can only be felt through your senses , what exists beyond that , if what is interpreted by your brain as sense , truly exists in the first place ? \ 
I'm in danger of eventually driving myself insane from the crazy things I think . \ 
Just a heads up . 
So , the power of a well written e-mail questioning someone's moral values in the light of situation that could be easily rectified has paid off . My doctor sent my presciption straight to the pharmacy for pick up TODAY , instead of next week and Physical Therapy called me and rescheduled for tomorrow , instead of a week and half from now . Wow did I just hit a homerun on getting in their heads . 
Tossing and turning all night long makes me an angry person . 
Subatomic particles make up particles which make up atoms which in clusters of rediculous amounts makes up all matter which starting from < PROPFEMALE > ants being a insignificantly small to beings our size which are dwarfed by mountains which only make up a < PROPFEMALE > piece of this planet . 
So BP is doing a good job so far getting 15,000 barrels a day now ! Too bad the US Geological Survey says the fissure is pumping out 25,000 more that they aren't collecting . 
Highlight of my day : Scooping out piles of shit covered toilet paper/seat covers from the men's bathroom toilet as I'm standing in about 3/4 of an inch of water . The entire bathroom was flooded and started to spill into the hallway . 
Snacking on baby carrots like woah ! 
I really hate those dreams where you wake up slightly confused and then realize it was a dream . 
I really want Bacon . 
My stomach says stop but I kept going , oh my gawd I need a nap or I'm gonna throw up . 
Okay , so I am going to put my shoes down next to my cabinet when I see this < PROPFEMALE > fucking spider with a little web there . So I do the logical thing and grab my torch lighter because this little fucker is gonna burn , so I toast him and he runs up under the cabinet . I unleash the torch under that shit and a fucking huge clump of dead spider drops with the little one . 
Why does shit cost so much ? Well , the federal reserve has made up \ 
trillions of dollars out of thin air , put an interest on it and loaned \ 
it to our government which is an outta control shopaholic carrying a \ 
credit card with no limit that they inturn force taxes on you to pay \ 
for . At the same time putting out so much of the dollar pumps it into \ 
huge supply thus being worth less . 
Posse Comitatus - \The Act prohibits most members of the federal uniformed \ 
Had a good laugh watching more 9/11 videos . Greatest lie of our generation and the people just bought into it . Ridiculous lies , just plain ridiculous . Go ahead and take some time to read , this won't be long . 
So as it stands , the new oil cap is all for nothing , it didn't meet pressure and they are removing it . This leaves their last resort of the relief wells , which even if they do work , there is still oil coming up from fissures in the ocean floor . Running out of options and the water is getting over saturated with methane gas . It's a turning into a ticking time bomb . 
North Korea has said it will use it's nuclear capabilities if the United States continues with it's war games being set up on Sunday . The last time a nuke was used was at the end of WW2 . There's a reason for that , the magnitude of death and complete destruction was unlike anything ever seen . 
The Bible and Gay Marriage ... interesting topic . God says love one another and when death comes he will be the ultimate decider . To those who like to look at the bible literally on this subject which I believe come from a passage in Leviticus , do we also look literally at other passages in the same section ? How about these ? 
Waking up sweating is not cool . 
So what's better than chipotle ? Haha stupid question , NOTHING ... except when you can order it online and skip the ridiculously long line . 
Oh sweet , my next week's schedule got e-mailed to me ... oh I close mon , tues and wed and then do clean up on the weekend . Yay , I have a job ! 
Tiger's Mint Chocolate ... Mmmmmmmmm 
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday , was it worth it ? - Ghandi 
Finally done with classes , officially a manager ! 
One more night then two days off , so nice ! 
Registration apparently has been expired since august , work day the next 4 days . Is the Lodi DMV better to go to without an appointment than Florin ? 
That was easily the worst end to a work day I've had in a long time . Can't blame anyone but myself either ... FML . 
45 pages into Atlas Shrugged ... I like it all ready . 
\This is for all you new people : I only have one rule . Everyone fights . \ 
Got me an iPhone , what are some apps to get ? 
It's 27 degrees outside , I'd much rather be asleep right now 
I have things I need to be doing ... but I'm not . 
I'm pretty sure I must be dying , there is no way this fever , pressure in my head and sore throat isn't the coming of the end . I hurt :( 
Last ten , Steppenwolf Born to be Wild , good times . Chill day . 
