soo .... now that i have a Facebook page ... i wonder what will happen .... 

Arrrgggg ..... School's only 2 weeks or so away ..... oh well , at least i only have one class that i know will suck ..... 
school on monday ..... :( oh well this year won't be < PROPFEMALE > bad .. although ive just noticed that so far it's been all ive been complaining about . 
just played mini golf at Chucksters AND I WON !!!! :D 
labor day tomorrow ... why the fuck do they call it labor day when the whole point is to do nothing ? 
< PROPFIRST > gets a whole week off ..... BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ..... other than that i'm fine . 
i seem to have aquired an addiction to Team Fortress 2 ... O.O 
doing random shit right now ...... nothing special ... 
is getting tired of his sister trolling his account and computer for the sake of Fronteirville ... and i thought I had a supposed gaming addiction ... 
contemplating dropping Comp . Graphics class ... not sure i can salvage that mess ... on another note , i managed to get myself swuared away with all of my other classes . 
is feeling bland ... and needs to do more fun things with his time ... at least i catched a movie today 
On this day I , < PROPMALE > Metcalf , oficially declare that i am taking a Year off from school to get my head on straight . in fact , i feel i've needed this for a while now . 
was recently told he is not qualified to work at the Wegmans Dairy dept . .... what ever shall i do ... * sarcasm * 
was just reemed out for not having his phone charged and am now stuck with the fact that we have 4 empty water jugs lying around ... and 4 full ones ..... X.X 
has absolutely nothing to do until Feb . 1st .... boredom sucks ... 
another wasted day of doing nothing entertaining and/or productive ... something interesting better happen soon , or i may go stir crazy ! 
after a day of being out in the town on my lonesome , and a lot of thinking , i realised today that i miss all of my former Evergreen peers ... yet i cant find any of them , and the ones i know of are ( for some unknown reason ) shunning me ... did i piss one of them off that badly ? or do i just creep them out ? o.o 
after a night of homemade pizza , delivering a sister's wallet to her at work , and generally being called upon to bail people out in general , i feel i REALLY need more in life to do ... not even the people that i applied to work for have called me ... so here i sit doing nothing . 
Mmmmm ... Waffles ..... 
i have a thought ... if you ask god for something you know you will eventually get , and the Big Man doesnt really give you an answer , does that mean that the longer until he does , the bigger the suprise ? although in retrospect , ive been praying for the same things for 4 years now , so im just going to assume that he's planning something monumental ... supermodel GF and 1 mil ; here's to hopeing !! 
why my mother has random late night sugar cravings i will never know ... she sent me on a doughnut run last night and shes been doing these kind of things for a month total now ... 
ahhh .. it feels good knowing i can use a tractor against that treacherous snow .... hehehehehe ..... other than that , today was pretty boring , 
To anyone and everyone who has ever known me- I AM BORED . HELP . 
oh internet , how i long for the day you ban all 12 year olds , pedofiles , and general internet-ruining peoples ... that will be a glorious day , indeed . 
