Someone remind me to upload a photo or two 

OK already it's been a few days now let me add friends again Facebook !!! 
got to watch the last 15 mins of the superbowl for the first time in 3 years . yay for not being on call for a bunch of nubs who dont realize the superbowl is on ! 
The freaks truly do come out at night . You can find them all at Walmart . 
So the earthquake in Chile shook the planet enough to shorten the day by 1.26 millionths of a second . Don't forget to update your clocks everybody . 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland gets an A+ . Even better I saw a preview for Tron ! Can't wait !!! 
Don't you hate it when you have a booger that wo'nt budge no matter how hard you blow , pick , poke , dig , pry , or otherwise try to < PROPFIRST > it out ? 
There is nothing more satisfying than figuring out that song thats been stuck in your head that you couldn't remember the name of or any of the words to or even for sure who < PROPFIRST > it ... it was STP Interstate Love Song btw for anyone who cares . 
Felt like summer the past few days and now it's snowing . Who keeps messing with the weather machine ? 
Come on down to the Whacky Waving Inflatable Arm Flailing Tubeman Imporium and Warehouse ! 
Going on a picnic at the Garden of the Gods . Hope I don't get crushed by a giant precariously balanced boulder . 
It's cold and there are wolves outside :( 
So < PROPFEMALE > picked up th new Twilight movie . She said she had to be sneaky cuz she didn't want anyone to think she was 16 with 2 kids getting the movie at WalMart . 
Excuses are just bricks in the house of failure . 
tommyknockers tommyknockers knocking at your door 
Happy B-day too everyone whos b-day is today ... and tomorrow ... and Tuesday . Too many to tell individually . 
How to train your dragon . A must see for those with kids and even some of those without * cough*christy*cough * 
Just finished coloring eggs with the kids . Good times were had by all . 
mmmmm cheetos 
Teaching a 3 point turn to a 5 yr old = not easy 
Botox - The gateway drug of plastic surgery . 
Yay for marble sized hail ... and it sounds like it's getting bigger . 
Anyone else having issues with comments not sticking on FB ? 
Krispy Kreme consider yourselves put on Notice . < PROPFEMALE > found your recipie on the interwebs ! 
100's of channels and I'm watching \Twins\ " ... again ..... " 
So my 6 year old daughter is already so embarassed by her family that she didn't want any of us to go on her field trip to the zoo yesterday . Gonna be a looooong 18 years . 
My daughter the animal lover is leaving food in the garage for the mouse we saw yesterday . 
\Wheres mama ? \ " \ 
I know today is the 4th but nothing I see today can possibly come close to the fireworks show I saw after the Rockies game in < PROPMALE > on Friday . Best fireworks display ever ! 
Thanks all for the bday wishes ! 
dodedodedo 
