has a rash on her shins ... maybe i'll get sent home from work !!!! 

Loves the way it smells after it rains ! 
has to work in 6 hours and is WIDE AWAKE ..... ahhhhhh ..... i need to go to sleep 
is feeling really good after her work out ... a little sore but in a good way . 
could sit outside all night and watch the stars ! 
has 2 more days until my 4 day weekend followed by 2 more days of work and another day off ... the d-side training begins !!!!!! 
has decided to take a road trip to see Fallingwater this week . I'm going to start doing the things I want to do-even if I have to do them alone ! 
is going to Fallingwater on Thursday !!!!! 
is taking a mini roadtrip today to < PROPFEMALE > . I'll be home late tonight . 
So much to do today and so little time ... Friends , Food , Fireworks , Clubs .. repeat tomorrow !!!! I love Fourth of July ! 
enjoyed the numerous fireworks displays tonight ... just missing someone ... 
thinks both her sisters need an intervention from gossip ... although < PROPFEMALE > needs it more than Stef . 
is back to a Monday-Friday work schedule ... YAY ! 
is going to 80s night at The Melting Pot ! 
is actually sitting in the AC today . Weather reports say it's 89 and that it feels like 98-I agree . 
is officially released to the floor ... and will enjoying the rest of her Friday evening ... not at work ! 
is going to learn to LOVE football ... 
thinks her transition schedule sucks ... 1:30 , 3 , 1:30 or 3 ?, 7 , 7 , 7 ... and yes that is 6 days in a row ... 
wants bubble tea and is going to go get some ... YUM ! 
is heart broken and needs a shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on ... any volunteers ? 
it's all good in the hood-just gotta watch my back ! 
had tomorrow's shift changed to a 6:15 ! I'll have a nice long weekend ! 
has officially started her fun weekend ... out of work at 2 , dinner at < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight ! Boat trip to Put-in-Bay tomorrow ( mile long bar here we come ! ) , Cedar Point on Wednesday ! Don't have to be back to work until Thursday at 3 !!!! 
brought a cankle home from Cedar Point as a souviner-damn shoes . 
feels miserable and has spent the whole day in bed ... and I think I'm starting to run a fever or something .... cold than hot than cold than hot . 
my weekend ... checkout party ... patio party ... frisbee golf ?... haircut ... party ... and i want to go ' Melt ' somewhere in there .... I'm craving one of their awesomely delicious gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches with a really good beer ! 
is really giddy and can't fall asleep ... had too much fun not being able to breathe in the wedding dress ! 
yeah for autumn ! my favorite season ! 
is making apple dumplings !!!!! Perfect snack for a cold , rainy , autumn evening ! 
is heading out to see All-American Rejects , Fall Out Boy , and Blink-182 !!! 
hates quickturns-I slept like crap ... Good news though-i'm out in a half hour !!!! 
finished her poodle skirt ... now to find a blouse and saddle shoes-got the glasses ! 
just got checked out at her first TWO d-sides !!!!! First round is on me tonight ! 
can't sleep ... i feel like I can't catch my breath or get enough oxygen ... i'm starting to freak out which is probably making it worse ... 
is functioning today ! 
3 parties down ... 3 more to go by Thursday ! 
is going to have tons of fun with Jenn at the checkout party tonight ! Hope my camera battery isn't dead from the past 4 parties ! 
5 parties down ! 1 more to go ! And the Area 6 brat bash on Saturday ! 
can't wait to sleep tonight ! 2 more hours of work ! 
yay for 3 an dhalf hours of sleep . I'm sooooooooooooo tired .... 
seriously thinks she is suffering insomnia .... just can't fall asleep ... and the muscle spasms in my back aren't helping . 
just when you think you have life figure out , it throws a curve ball your way to remind how complicated it is ... but it must go on ! 
is wishing a happy 21st to my lil ' sis ! 
a beer then bed ... what a wonderful night ... 
voted today ! 
thinks it's going to be another 4am night ... i really think i have insomnia or just too much on my mind ... 
work ... nap ... christmas ale ?... ice skating ! 
got 2 tickets to see < PROPFIRST > Dennen at House of Blues Wed . Nov 25th - 7:20 pm . I need a date if anyone is interested ... 
is rocking magenta hair !!! 
is finally getting recommened at Bellaire !!!!! 
finally got checked out AIR . Now onto CKB/RAY ! 
just finished making vanilla , almond , and double chocolate pizzelles ... Now I think I'll make a pair of pants ... 
mon/tues or wed/thurs ? Choices ... 
M/T ... 
is getting her drink on at the Work Holiday Party tonight !!! 
is checked out on all d-sides !!!!!!!!!!! 
is tracking < PROPFEMALE > on NORAD's website and i think he just skipped < PROPMALE > ... 
wishes everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and a Happy 18th Birthday to Ryanne ! 
Sherlock Holmes was AWESOME ... had a great night out with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is excited to go skiing and snowboarding tonight !!! And it's supposed to snow some more !!!! 
Nude 
black 
was feeling a little spontaneous and booked a 4 day trip to Las Vegas ... leaving in 9 days ! 
I licked a birdbath riding a motorcycle because I'm AWESOME ! 
is getting ready for Vegas ... cleaning and laundry tonight ! 
is off to meet with the builder ... pricing out my dream home ... 
is meeting with the builder again today because our 3.5 hour session wasn't long enough yesterday ... packing for Vegas ... then over to < PROPFIRST>'s for < PROPMALE > Python Movie Night !!!! 
has sooooo much to do in so little time and I'm sick to top it off ... 
working 1-9 , pulling an all nighter , then to the airport at 4:30 -Vegas here I come ! 
will be skydiving in Vegas-indoors !!!!! Can't wait ... work is going to drag by tonight . 
is working an early shift so I can go snowboarding tonight !!!!!!!!! 
is all dolled up with no place to go ... 
is trying to figure out how to pick herself up and get through the tough times ... life is sometimes too complicated to handle ... 
is heading to lunch with my sexy date-Jenn !!!! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type in your first name , copy and paste this post as your status , then copy and paste the results as the first comment ... 
is working an 8-4 today so I can go snowboarding tonight !!!!! I really need to move somewhere where there are actual mountains so I can ski and board every day-well almost everyday . 
thinks there's nothing like waking up at 4:30 so I can leave by 5 to make my 20 minute drive to work by 6 , damaging the bottom of my car driving through the foot of snow on the unplowed streets , then getting to work and getting ' talked ' to about not being able to get a flight plan in yesterday in a timely manner after sitting for an hour and and half due to lack of staff ... I can't wait to go snowboarding today ! 
had a blast snowboarding tonight . Mastered my turns ... almost and got some air off a jump ! 
getting ready for snow storm number 2 tomorrow ! 87 of Ohio's 88 counties are under a winter storm warning . 
wants snow leave ! Got screwed out on Saturday and I wasn't here yesterday so i hope today is my day . I love my awesome pink on pink Macaroni Noodle break board strip-thanks to the creative people who made it ! 
' When you're laying on my favorite pillow All you want to do is fall asleep When you're gazing out the bedroom window Please think of me Think of me ' 
to go snowboarding or celebrate Mardi Gras today ... hmmmmmm 
is trying to line up her breaks to watch the men's halfpipe final ... i'll probably F it up . 
' every word you say i think i should write down don't want to forget come daylight and no need to worry that's wasting time and no need to wonder what's been on my mind it's you ' 
has decided to pick up roller derby ! Just need to swtich my RDOs now . 
is just rolling in shy of 3 am ... had a great night out ! 
is confused more than ever ... 
is feeling the effects of her workout . < PROPFEMALE > I don't hate you ... yet . 
wants to go snowboarding but has nobody to go with . 
took on the snowboard cross track at Brandywine today and will be feeling the ramifications of not landing a jump in which I'm pretty sure I got about 5 feet of air . Let's just say I'll be sleeping on my stomach tonight and limping tomorrow . 
is in a lot of pain today . Snowboard+Jump+Brooke = not going to be in the next winter olympics . 
after my 21 x-rays tonight , the doctor concluded that I sprained my neck and shoulder , fractured my collarbone , and bruised 2 ribs . I walked out of the office with a neck brace , a sling , and a rib belt . And I declined the cortisone shot . 
why haven't the meds kicked in ? In pain and can't sleep . 
figured out why she still can't sleep at night ... it's hard to fix a fractured collarbone when you're sleeping on it . 
is having a great day even though I'm pretty sure my trainer tried to kill me ! 
19 days until my birthday ! The Mercury Lounge . April 1st . 9:30 . And you're invited too E-Max ! 
13 days left till my birthday ! Heading to Barroom at 9:30 for dancing , drinking , and fun . All are welcome ! 
12 days left till my birthday ! Dinner at < PROPFEMALE > @ 7:30 . Then Heading to Barroom at 9:30 for dancing , drinking , and fun . All are welcome ! 
9 days left till my birthday ! Dinner at < PROPFEMALE > @ 7:30 . Barroom @ 9ish for dancing , drinking , & fun . Let me know if you're in for dinner so I can make reservations ! 
has 1 week until my birthday extravaganza ! Thursday April 1st . DInner 7:30 at < PROPFEMALE > . Drinking and Dancing 9:30 ish @ Barroom . FUN ALL NIGHT ! 
pretty much has the next week and a half off ... and it's going to be beautiful for my birthday ! 
It's my birthday < PROPFEMALE > and tomorrow's going to be awesome ! 74 and < PROPFEMALE > . Getting out of work early . Dinner at < PROPFEMALE > and Dancing at Barroom ! 
Thanx everyone for the birthday wishes ! I had the best birthday spending the day with < PROPMALE > . 
Has had the most amazing weekend with < PROPMALE > and wish it didn't have to end ... 
had the best birthday/weekend ! Got to spend 4 days with < PROPMALE > and enjoyed every minute of it . 
Sushi ... sake ... scooters ... harleys ... wine ... great company tonight and having a blast ! 
thinks it's great when not one but 2 supervisors catch me playing with the flight simulator while I'm supposed to be watching a breifing and tell me not to come back to the area until I've succesfully landed the plane ! 
Just got her motorcycle temporary permit ! 
just got home from FleetCommander's checkout party ... had a great time ! Now to catch up on Deadliest Catch , Glee , and ( my new favorite since it has feqtured < PROPFIRST > Dennen's music in 2 of 5 episodes ) Parenthood ! 
48 days ! 
25 days ... even better ! 
24 days until Seattle ! Leave is approved and ticket is booked ! 
what I learned today at work ... ZDC puts out restrictions 20 MIT for IAD , DCA , & BWI . ZDC wants all planes to deviate to the south of the weather . ZDC wants 1 string of planes without telling us . We give all planes 1 360 before entering ZDC . TGIF ! 
Is enjoying a glass of Dogfish Head Black & Blue-brewed with over 300 lbs of blackberries and blueberries . 11% ABV too ! 
Is soaking in the sun on her breaks today ad counting down to Seattle ... 17 days !!!!! 
Is driving home from work with the windows down because it is still 78 degrees out at 9pm ! Rain this weekend is going to suck after today . 
15 days !!!!! 
North coast pranqster followed by goose island juliet ... it's a Belgian night ! 
Is beyond mentally checked out ! It's 85 and beautiful out and I'll be Seattle in 12 days not thinking about here ! 
has never heard so many f-bombs before 7am on a Sunday morning ... 
is upset Radar class is going to mess up my vacation . 
work this week ... mon , wed , fri , then I'm leaving on a jet plane . Don't know when I'll be back again . Seattle got bumped up 2 days . Leaving Saturday morning ! 
is flying first class to SEA !!!! 
What a great way to end my week before vacation ... 2 hours in ... deviations out the wazoo ... getting bad routing to get DC guys in ... getting shut off of DC ... controllers yelling at sups ... 2 more hours until my vacation starts ! 
Is never leaving Seattle . 
is extremely happy to have friends that love me ! I don't know what I would do without you right now and you know who you are ! 
is heading to the Museum of Glass in Tacoma today ! 
Trying to figure out what to do for the next 3 hours . Rainers game tonight . 
Enjoying some grilled halibut made by Derek ... fresh cut asparagus from the garden ... a bottle of wine and then off to watch a baseball game and drink some more . 
Sightseeing with a hangover is one thing . Riding a really fast elevator 520 feet to the top of the space needle is another . Friends should not let friends go sightseeing hungover . 
Has never seen so many speedos ! Watching < PROPMALE > play waterpolo before my flight ... 
Is sitting in the airport with a tear running down her cheek :( 
is going to spend the afternoon with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > enjoying the 86 degree weather ! 
9 hours of sleep over the past 3 nights + too much sun + some alcohol = sleepy sunburnt dehydrated < PROPFEMALE > . 
I come home to clean my car out and I'm done vaccuming and all the doors are open . I swept the floor mats and they are laying in the driveway . And < PROPMALE > feels the need to mow the lawn ... back to square 1 vaccuming ... 
prepping for my 23 mile kayak tomorrow . And then to Ikea on Sunday ! 
is kinda looking like a lobster right now ... 
Is off to Detroit after work . I'll be back tonight . 3 states in 3 days ! 
That farewell kiss which resembles greeting , that last glance of love which becomes the sharpest pang of sorrow . - < PROPFIRST > Eliot 
just made my day by unearthing my old NES from my storage shed including the gun and power pad !!!!!!!!!! And I found some of my awards I thought I lost when I broke up with Steve-now I just need to find my Semper Fidelis award ... 
worked an 8 hour day and came home and weeded the whole side of the house - 40ft x 6ft . Now to clean the bathroom and eat dinner somewhere in that mess . I haven't had a day this productive in a while . 
did so much around the house today I forgot to enjoy my day off with a beverage ... damn being productive . 
ran radar problem #1 today and tried to put 3 planes together at FL290 . 39 more problems to go ! 
worked on her cornhole boards for almost 6 hours tonight . It was perfect outside-84 , < PROPFEMALE > , and no humidity . Now gotta finish painting before the 90+ degree heat wave starting this weekend ! 
booked my flight for a weekend of fun in ATL ! Can't wait ! 
shot a field goal at 300 today in the lab ! 
' can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars . I could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now ... ' 
Is hoping the plane is really cold beause I have a horrible sunburn and I'm still a little tipsy ... 
has had it with Blue Cross Blue Shield ... thanx for covering $40 of a $1000 medical < PROPMALE > ! 
passed my second eval !!!! 1 more to go . 
Passed my final eval ! Party time !!!!! 
booked her flight to SEA for August !!!! 
Fell asleep in the pool and my raft helped the sun do some cruel damage to my legs ... thankfully I have some more time to even it out . 
16 days until < PROPFEMALE>'s Wedding !!! And 17 days until I go to Seattle !!!! Having a great summer ! 
the show begins this morning !!!!! 
10 days until Seattle , 9 days until < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s wedding ! Having fun with < PROPFIRST > this weekend !!! 
Is picking up as many pints of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s tonight as the wallet will allow ... 
is so excited ! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s wedding on Friday and then Seattle on Saturday !!!! 
is super excited for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s wedding tonight and then jetsetting to Seattle tomorrow for a long weekend with < PROPMALE > ! 
Is in Seattle ! 
Is off to SeaFair today ! 
I'd having a blast with < PROPMALE > in Seattle ! 
Hiking on mt rainier today ! 
\if you love something let it go . If it comes back to you it was meant to be . If it doesn't it was never yours . \"" 
7 B747's and 1 A380 ! I'm in LAX . 
Hocking Hills Canopy Zipline Tour tomorrow ! Flying 80 ft through the trees above the Hocking River overlooking caves , hills , and waterfalls ! Tomorrow's going to be fun ! 
got new running shoes and a new bike today ! Hoping to be competitive by spring ! 
Is enroute to Find-a-lay-I mean Findlay . ETA 11:30 ! 
Is still trying to keep her head above the water ... 
Is in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor with her awesome aunt to see < PROPMALE > Schneider perform at The Ark . Getting some drinks at the Arbor Brewing Co first . 
is planning too many vacations for next year ... Austin , TX ... Las Vegas ... and then Costa Rica , Ireland , Greece , Italy , Hawaii , or the Caribbean-hmmmm 
chopped off all her hair today ! There's maybe an inch and a half left =D 
Is doing dumb stuff at work ... some people say it means you're getting close to checking out but I'm questioning that theory right now ... 
is off to ATL for my weekend ... Sunday can't come soon enough ... 
Click \Like\ " for my post and I will tell you : 1 . Something I learned while looking at your wall for thirteen seconds ; 2 . What color you remind me of ; 3 . My first memory of you ; 4 . The animal you remind me of ; 5 . My favorite thing about you ; 6 . Give you a weird nickname ; 7 . I challenge you to re-post ! " 
WANTED : someone to board with this winter . Must have a love of snow , be a good sport , have enough skill to < PROPFEMALE > out on the ' blue ' hills , push me beyond my abilities ( but not so I break my shoulder again ) , enjoy a good beer afterwards , don't mind driving through 2 feet of snow in a blizzard for the best riding conditions . Let me know if you are interested ! 
snow today ... 60 by Tuesday ... hmmmm .... only in Ohio . 
Is hoping for some good luck to come her way ... everything had fallen apart over the past 2 months ... 
Sold the Malibu today :( and purchased a sweet new ride :D 
has painted 20 of the last 36 hours and is ready for more ... thank goodness this is my biweekly massage week ! 
is excited about the 10 day forecast ... snow showers 8 of the next 10 days ... the snowboard goes in tomorrow for a preseason tune up ! I want to snowboard right now !!!! 
finally got recommened for her first 2 radar sectors ... checkride on Wednesday ! 
BMBW opens Thursday ! I'l be on the slopes Saturday ! Anybody joining me ? 
Got certified at her first 2 radar sectors !!! Drinks at the Feve ! 
I are a person who likes slimed kittens 
Plans on snowboarding the next 4 days in the massive snowstorm !!!! Whose in ?!?!!! 
any takers on snowboarding today ? I will drive to pick you up if you're too chicken shit to drive ... 
snowboarding kicked my ass this week ! and I think i screwed up my knee ... again ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
thinks there's nothing like getting tackled from behind by an 11 year old for the gift you're sitting on that turns out to be a beer box filled with cut wood and a flashlight ... my knee is already beginning to bruise ... 
Snowboarding Tuesday !!!!!!!!!!! 
is officially signed up for Warrior Dash Ohio 2011 with < PROPFEMALE > Robinson ! Check it out at www.warriordash.com 
Is on a hot date with Jenn and then off on another hot date later with < PROPFEMALE > . Rest of the weekend-snowboarding and roller derby ! 
It's been a while since I rolled in at 3:30 am ... loving it ! 
going snowboarding this afternoon ... hit me up if you want to join . 
Getting over my horrible stage fright week number 5-karaoke ! 
Adding new songs to my karaoke repertoire ! 
wedding dress shopping with Jenn , then snowboarding with < PROPFIRST > , then roller derby alone , and then karaoke with the boys ! Now if only I could turn my neck so I can enjoy my day . 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > for singing Wham ! -Wake me up before I go go when < PROPFIRST > wasn't around ! 
Is it sad that I'm missing the biggest snow storm to hit CLE this year because I'm not home to go snowboarding ... :( and I might get stuck in Texas ... 
It's 29 this morning in Austin ... my friends in < PROPMALE > can stop hating me 
< PROPFIRST > is officially colder than < PROPMALE > right now . 22 in < PROPFIRST > 27 in < PROPMALE > ... I guess j enjoyed the 2 days it was 80 here ! 
got recommended at HLG/AIR with minimum hours ! Check ride Thursday and I hope to finish my last 2 sectors by my birthday . 
is certified at HLG and AIR !!!! 4 down ... 2 to go ! 
