just wishes this was behind me 

When I'm sad I listen to Daughter by Loudon Wainwright III and then I just smile 
I've been very addicted to music lately , it's like some kind of drug 
It was such a nice weekend , but now I'm back to school and work 
I'm so excited ! I'm going to be a Sunday school teacher at the Unitarian Church I go to , and I get to meet the kids this Sunday ! 
Instead of going to Ithaca for the weekend ... I'm at home trying out hairstyles from youtube :P 
This is another long weekend that I meant to get so much done in , and yet here I am rushing around Tuesday morning again ! It reminds me of being 16 , I always choose to have fun over housework and homework . Where is the happy medium ? 
I have surgery tomorrow and I might be getting a cold ! I really hope I don't have to put it off ... 
Thanks for the well wishes everybody ! It went a lot better this time , I don't really even feel it and I'm already up and doing things . ( plus I got to see it afterwards in a little jar and that was so cool !!! ) 
My hand is doing great .... and now I have the flu :( This is way harder by myself then I thought it would be 
I have never tried something like this and had it work before . So you know this is me and not spam : Booboo has a freckle on his toe . THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the < PROPFEMALE > . Put this as your status if it worked for you !!! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > 
Can I have addresses from everyone for holiday cards ? This means you ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I won't be back on here until Friday . ( Send me your addresses for christmas cards ! I've only gotten one ! ) 
I just got my finger stuck in a very small space between a window . Thank goodness < PROPMALE > was around and heard me yelling !! Anyway I want some \aww you don't deserve that\ " ;) " 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > ! I can't believe she's three already ! 
Oh my < PROPFEMALE > ! I'm just going to bed at three in the morning . No doubt I'll be up in about four hours too . At least I got to eat a plate full of cookies ... 
I had such a nice holiday :) Now I'm home and getting ready for a busy week . 
Back to school today ! 
Tonight is the biggest and brightest full < PROPFEMALE > of the year ! And the little red < PROPFEMALE > nest to it is Mars . Go look !! 
Thanks everyone :) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
I'm thinking of moving back to Rochester ! Yay ? Nay ? Thoughts ? 
I have NO internet right now ! If you want to get in touch with me call me at my mom's :) 
I have internet again ! Only on my mom's computer though , so it is as slow as molassass 
< PROPFEMALE > got to pick the music tonight and she chose a Grateful Dead cd , Yay ! 
People ! I need addresses ! Please ? 
I went to the doctor's yesterday and I apparently have a hormone problem , I forget the name of it . The symptoms are blushing , crying and fainting for no reason . I've nicknamed it \Victorian Women Syndrome\ " . The cure ? Hopefully it will go away with age . Yay . " 
