Is going to take everyone to the park after lunch so my mom can nap . 

is sooo happy < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are at camp . It is a lot quieter . 
is watching all the kids tomorrow during the day because my mom has to work . 
is going to go see the movie My Sisters Keeper tomorrow or saturday maybe if i can get away . 
I just got back from grocery shopping and we took all the kids . 
slept in till 11am this morning . 
Earlier a bat got in our house and it took forever to catch it . 
went to El Rodeo for lunch for < PROPMALE>'s 7th b-day . I had a pina colada . 
just learned my second cousin once removed , a missionary to < PROPFEMALE > , is coming to church on sunday . 
is happy that i now have a babysitting job 3 days a week during the next school year . Hopefully i can keep up with my school . 
is eating tacos . 
gets to watch siblings all day tomorrow since mom is working . 
Mom is going to quiktrip to get hot chocolates , cappachinos , and a shake . 
is supposed to be going to bed but likes staying up late at night because it is nice and quiet . 
I do not like any meat but hamburger . 
Dr. Coburn gave me a box of chocolates from germany . 
We are leaving tomorrow for a five day family reunion in Dayton Iowa and we havent even started packing or anything . 
I had lots of fun at our family reunion . I went horseback riding , canoeing , paddleboating , minigolfing , swimming , and lots of other stuff . 
I just had 6 inches of hair chopped off . 
I have to pack for family camp but i would rather stay home with my dad and have the house to mysellf . 
< PROPFEMALE > has lice and i hope i dont get it ! 
I should really go to bed but who needs sleep anyway ? 
Just ordered pizza . yum . 
My mom is at the fair with the four youngest kids and i am at home with the < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . 
Feels like chopping her brothers heads off , but that wouldnt be very nice . 
I have a cold . 
just got back from the fair 
mom is working all night again which means she sleeps a lot tomorrow which means i get to watch the kids and try and keep them quiet . 
is babysitting and doing school and eating cookies and apple pie and vanilla icecream 
should maybe do school 
just got back from the park with three kids 2 and under and is tired . 
My dads mom is making a surprise visit this morning . 
It is < PROPFIRST>'s 9th birthday today , then on the 10th it is Phillips 11th birthday , then on the 23rd it is Matthews 13th birthday . very scary he will be a teenager . 
ate at ryans for luch today . 
just ordered a dsi 
is a quesadia 
today is < PROPMALE>'s 11th birthday and in a couple weeks < PROPFIRST > will be 13 , scary ! 
is sick 
kids dont have school today :( 
is going to bed 
I dont think it was such a good idea to give a 20 month old mountain dew right before she has to go to bed . 
I just got a wisdom tooth pulled . :( 
has had a busy day . 
is babysitting while their parents go hunting 
no fair my brother gets to go see wicked 
is busy busy busy . 
gets to move furniture out of 3 rooms because the carpets are getting cleaned tomorrow and the boys are getting new furniture saturday . 
had yummy machine shed for lunch . 
Loves dipping my french fries in my strawberry shake . 
got acrylic nails and a haircut today . 
< PROPFIRST > came home for a long weekend to visit . 
had lunch at bandanas 
is finally ordering new glasses tomorrow 
is sorta sick and hopes to be bettter by tomoorow 
finally got a cell phone ! 
go away snow !!! 
is making oatmeal scotchie cookies 
is going Christmas shopping ! 
the salesmen at bestbuy are very good . We went there to get a wii and we came home with that plus a wii fit , new plasma tv , an xbox 360 , and some games . 
dont like the ice !! I fell down like 4 times already . Ive had enough of the snow time to go on a 3 month vacation somewhere warm ! 
i want to go back to bed ! 
is going to the dentist :( 
is maybe getting her other wisdom teeth out in a couple weeks . My regular dentist wont do it because the bottom teeth are sitting right on top of a nerve and if they bump it my face will be numb for 6 months to a year . 
is hoping the weather wont be bad on wednesday or thursday or we might not be able to go to my grandparents 
GRRRR !!!! 
is making cupcakes for < PROPFEMALE>'s 2nd brithday . 
is going to get sooo fat from eating all these cupcakes ! I have had like 5 already this morning . 
Happy New Year ! 
had to stay home from church because < PROPMALE > is sick . It seems like someone is always sick at our house ! 
Is getting my two bottom wisdom teeth pulled tomorrow morning . 
is watching kids all day while my parents work . 
made chicken and dumplings for supper . 
poor < PROPMALE > got 5 shots today 
is going to go return my jeans and go see a movie . 
broke my glasses for like the millionth time . 
is going to go get a new cell phone maybe if we have time after running other errands . 
< PROPFIRST > and his cat are here visiting for the weekend . 
it takes a long time to bake and frost and sprinkle 72 cupcakes . 
Everyone is puking at my house !! I dont wanna get sick !! 
i dont want to get up early tomorrow ! I love my sleep ! 
had lunch at dairy < PROPFEMALE > and had some yummy ice cream . 
mom went to work and dads working really late tonight so im stuck at home with the lil devils . 
made chocolate pie for tomorrow . :) 
my favorite time of the day ! Everyone is asleep and the house is finally quiet ! 
Gave the boys buzz cuts . 
goodnight world ! 
going shopping 
I <3 Starbucks ! 
rain rain go away , come again another day 
babysat a four month old all day today and is watching her again tomorrow . <3 
going to adventureland and its going to be freezing . :( 
makin mini pizzas 
went garage selling this morning and got a new tv for my room now i just have to get my dad to pay extra so i can get direct tv . 
is watching a horror movie 
just went to ci ci's for lunch . 
im tired ! Why does every weekend have to be so busy ???? 
got my new ipod touch :) 
Eating an ice cream cone for breakfast , then going to babysit . 
Going to my uncles church ,. 
Is at my grandparents and i got to drive my grandpas really old tractor , it is 70 years old . 
Is eating a banana splitfrom Grannys . 
broke my glasses again ........ 
Went to el rodeo for lunch 
Was out of the room for 2 mnutes and when I came back there was lotion all over there hair and the floor . 
I have to get a root canal ! :( 
chillaxing 
Going to starbucks 
Got back from having my root canal now I am going to my regular dentist to get a crown put on and my other cavity filled . 
going to get ice cream 
Playing with hanny and < PROPFEMALE > , we were going go fill up the kiddy pool but it rained . 
is so sunburned 
should have went to bed an hour ago but was enjoying the quietness of the house 
Going to adventureland with my family and Joy < PROPFEMALE > Smith and < PROPFEMALE > Imel on thursday . 
going to see despicable me with melon later 
went to the pool with the little girls 
watching < PROPFEMALE > till midnight 
grrrr 4got my phone at home 
had the wierdest dream last night .... 
Ewwwww !!! < PROPFEMALE > just threw up chuncks of tomato all over me !!! 
Excited to go see cousins next week and go to mall of < PROPFEMALE > !! 
I am so tired !! 
Cant wait till tomorrow to meet my new baby cousin ! And then go to minnesota with friends on thursday !! 
Eating at mcdonalds in story city withmy cousins . 
At mcdonalds in story city with my cousins . 
Going to mall of < PROPFEMALE > 2morrow !! 
Just got back from swimming at the hotel . Everytime I go anywhere fun I always get sick and now I have a cold . :( 
Is soooo tired , was atvthe mall for 9 hours 
In fort dodge 
got more highlights today . 
babysitting again 
Making chicken < PROPMALE > 
I am not a morning person ... 
Making cookies with the little girls I watch 
Getting my flu shot 
going to poky on sunday to see my grandparents new house , give my brother his car , and get my baby fix from my new cousin . (: 
Eating at ihop 
helping put together my dads new desk 
i <3 starbucks 
Had too much sugar and caffiene today and now I feel sick 
Needs some chocolate 
< PROPFEMALE > has been throwing up and sleeping all day , really hope I don't get whatever she has . 
Ready for the weekend 
So glad I got to sleep in this morning . 
making a rootbeer float 
is feeling sickish 
Come back warm weather !! I hate the cold !! 
I think I need to go to the eye doctor again . My eyes feel strained and tired a lot . Grr !! Why do bad eyes have to run in my family !! 
my parents think i am wierd . i am wearing uggs and short shorts around the house because my feet are cold and my legs are hot . ;D 
Helping my dad put together 4 new book shelves . 
My poor dad just got back from babysitting and I amleaving him again soon . 
< PROPFEMALE > says . Bnmjfhhhui jjllkkkjjerkrfkdktyigjjb 
just got back from watching due date with < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . 
Has the < PROPFIRST > edelwiess from the sound of music stuck in my head . 
Has strep throat ); 
My poor dad , dragged him to like 3 stores while I was looking for a new coat . 
Happy thanksgiving !!!! 
so glad i got to sleep in this morning , watched cranky baby all day yesterday and watching her again today . 
Yummy white chocolate mocha !!!! 
Eating chocolate for breakfast but my dad said it was ok because it comes from a cocoa bean who is a vegetable . 
Cold 
Went to incredible pizza company this morning . They have the best cinnamon rolls !! 
Had a weird dream last night . I was getting a liver transplant . 
Love my new phone ! 
:-D leaving tomorrow morning for gparents house !! 
sucking on a < PROPFEMALE > cane , packing suitcases , and watching despicable me . 
I'm bored . Hate sitting in the < PROPFIRST > for long amounts of time . But were stopping for lunch soon in story city . 
Making salted nut roll bars with my uncle < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > xmas ! 
My uncle < PROPMALE > says that if I grow a beard I would look just like < PROPFEMALE > because I am already fat . 
At < PROPMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > house . 
Eating puppy chow 
Eating at pizza ranch 
Watching children of the corn . 
Watching winter wipeout with the fam . 
Watching national treasure . 
I have lots of stuff I need to get done . but instead I am o facebook painting my toes and eating ice breakers . 
Is getting good at multitasking . Baby on my hip while I'm making grilled chicken and rice and potatoes . 
Eating at cicis for supper 
Babysitting . 
Really tired but I have to get up early tomorrow . but I have next week off because the other girls I watch are going to Mexico . 
Don't why my dad even has a phone if he doesn't ever answer it . 
Just ordered a new computer !! 
Working 12 hrs tomorrow . Tired just thinking about it . 
watching the parent trap and babysitting 
Stupid bleach . Didn't use gloves and now I have a rash . 
Finally got my new computer connected to the internet ! :) 
Tired and I think I may have strep 
Watching a movie in spanish 
