News flash ! Its seems that someone took a bold step to make a statement at the state police barracks by taking all of the toilet seats from the entire building . Sadly it seems that at this time the cops have nothing to go on .... 

51 pounds gone , now to just keep it going ... 
Still too early to go to bed , but man Im bored ... 
An idle mind is a terrible thing ... MWaahahahahahaha .... 
Gotta stop putting off aquarium maintenance until late into the day ... 
Well , doctors orders are to stay off my leg so guess I'll just have to miss work tomorrow ... Darn . ;-) 
Work got cut short tonight as the power went out about 10:15 . So roughly 3 to 4 hours of work will spill over into sundays work which is already going to be rough since so many people will call off for the superbowl ... 
Well , my inner nerd gamer is truly singing . Finally got to fully set up a triple screen configuration on the computer with a triplehead2go . All I can say is ..... whoa ! ..... 
Man cars complicate life . After calling AAA to pick up the Blazer to take it to the garage , I go outside to clean stuff out of the < PROPFIRST > for later only to find the front passenger tire is literally falling apart ! Steel bands sticking out and tread gone on the edges ! I just checked it last week dammit ! Now its a race to change the tire before the tow truck gets here as well as getting this crap out of it . 
In a building mood . Working on makeing a triple monitor stand and a hood for the 30 gallon aquarium . 
Ugh , These 13 and 14 hour shifts need to end ... 
If I put instant coffee in a microwave , will I go back in time ? 
Get that finger out of your ear ! Who's finger is that anyway ? 
Help preserve wildlife , pickle an owl ! 
If vegitarians eat vegitables , beware of humanitarians ... 
Argh ! Worked 50 hours in 4 days , can I please be done now ? 
Paper Clip : ( n ) Larval stage of coat hanger . 
Helmet and seatbelt laws interfere with natural selection ... 
STUPIDITY is * not * a handicap . Park ELSEWHERE ! 
Ever notice how the AT&T symbol looks a lot like the death < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Politicians are like diapers ; both should be changed often , for the same reasons ... 
Two most common elements in the universe ; hydrogen , and stupidity ... 
Purring ( adj ) . 1 . Sound of a cat manufacturing cuteness . 
Stick \\' stik\\ n . 1 : A boomerang that doesn't work 
A squirrel is just a rat with good P.R. 
Windows Vista : Microsoft's second ode to P . T . Barnum . 
705.96 : The Number of the Beast ( including tax ) 
2x4x666 : The lumber of the beast ... 
Are thee up for some plowing ? - Amish pickup line 
Support your local medical examiner . Die strangely . 
He's dead < PROPMALE > .... Ensign Dhamer ! Stop that ! 
Profanity : The universal programming language . 
Mayhem festival going great ! Cant wait for < PROPMALE > Zombie and Korn to blow the hell out of this place ... 
If you want my honest opinion , ask me what I think . If you want your ego placated , tell me ahead of time . 
Im annoyed that sony seems to think most users of the PS3 or a blue < PROPFIRST > player are going to rush out and pay some 2k for a 3d tv and the extra cost of glasses . Don't get me wrong , I've used 3d on the PC for some time now and it is great , but it only cost me 60 bucks when I bought it several years ago for the glasses . 
dam , tired but not ready for bed ... I hope this week is mild on the humidity for work . 
So barely 6 weeks ago bought 2 new tires for the blazer from sears . They were installed on the back and probably dont have 400 < PROPMALE > on them . one of them blows out on the interstate separating the tread belt from the sidewalls and sears says the best they can do is pro rate it towards the purchase of a new one ?!? Are you effing kidding me ?!? 
Thanks for the bday wishes everyone ! 
is very irritated . I use simple rules for my life such as , if you make my wife cry , I'll make you cry ... 
Is curious how some people can suddenly seem so full of themselves for no other reason than to satisfy their own egos ... 
Great , finally do a nice mild upgrade to the computer , was looking forward to some enjoyment on my day off and the friggin motherboard up and dies on me .... grrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaa !!!!!! 
So I had a thought today .... So I stomped on it till it stopped moving . Dam things just cause trouble ... 
But see , I don't * want * to be realistic today ... 
New parts are here and installed . Now the arduous task of reinstalling * EVERYTHING * ... 
Who knew that a 1.5 TB drive could get some of its controller bits mixed up and try to pass itself off as a 500 GB drive ?!? 
Argh , 140 gb worth of data to download from steam to get it fully reinstalled .... 
Okay , so Beck comes home to find that facebook has disabled her account . No emails , no messages or any indication as to wtf . So after poking around she finds a form she has to fill out and include a copy of a goverment photo ID ?!? WTF ? 
Are they seriously trying to say my wifes account is fake ?!? Or did some miscreant out there decide to file some false report to get it disabled ? It better not be the latter and if so , I better not find out who ... 
Mwaahahahahaa .... I have now hacked my droid x and can now GET RID OF ALL THIS CRAP VERIZON CRIPPLES IT WITH !!!!! That is all for now , good night .... 
Which element are you ? -- My Result : Aether . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/26167/referrals/status?aid=100000027643892 
Blah .... 
So Tron was pretty good . Not really the direction I expected it to go but was pretty happy with it . 
A question for my fellow computer nerds ... Anyone know how to forcibly remove or disable resolutions from the registry in windows 7 x64 ? There are several in my list that my hardware simply does not support and keep having to fight with newly installed programs that auto detect my res and choose one of these bad settings . grrrr ...... 
Can't talk ..... too busy playing Little Big Planet 2 ....... 
I wonder if I could get a tan from all this magnetic radiation Im getting from my monitors .... hmmm ...... 
2 Cats are a circus . 3 are a coup .... 
Alrighty folks , those of you with android powered phones should know that version 3 of the android OS will be released soon with many promised changes and upgrades to its performance . Lets hope it lives up to the hype ! BTW , if you've rooted your phone , unroot and restore anything you froze/disabled/removed or your upgrade will be denied to you !!! 
About time to get all the power tools ready for use with warmer weather ahead . Have many things that need built ... should be a fun spring ! 
Moseyed on down to Fairmont to spend a long weekend with my best friends . Should be a great weekend of gaming , junk foods , and < PROPMALE > foolery ... lol 
* sigh * doing the work thing again this week .... 
Ugh , this day is really dragging by ... 
