first I want on a trip to the beach . There , my brother got me sick and I went home and watched the entire 4th season of lost in 3 days . 

is experimenting with Valium in preparation for removal of wisdom teeth in the morning . 
Okay ! I'm going to get my wisdom teeth out ... NOW ! See you on the other side ! 
is eating jello 
is about to watch Coraline ... IN 3D !!! 
I've just had my first pos t-t ac ' nightmare ' , in which I asked , \why do we still have classes after graduation ? What could they do to us if we don't go ? \"" 
Discovered a cute little device designed to poke a < PROPFEMALE > hole in an egg . It looks just like a button , which demands that one press it with one's finger . It also pokes holes in fingers . 
Can have a beer in his room ! 
has a sore throat , and funny red bumps all over his hands and feet . I wonder if it's biblical ? 
Amazing ! 
Bought a bike today . No one can stop me now ! 
It will all work out . 
, in the billiard room , with the lead pipe . 
How much ground can a groundhog hog ? 
Apparently the next generation of does will be droids . When did deer get so smart ? 
There it is ! 
is comissioning a symphony in C . 
Stay a week ! Stay a month ! Have a drink ! 
Dreaming of you ( yes , you ) 
A full-body massage chair is NOT afraid to go too low . 
Yep , I'm in Tuscon . Hongs , Quinans and Rangels ( Oh my ! ) . 
I'm Hungary 
Aaaand ... It's a turnip ! 
thinks Cupo should finish it . 
< PROPFEMALE > , water , yeast , and time . 
This is a particularly inspirational status update . 
It's a long life\ 
Better pinch yourself\ 
Put your faith together\ 
Better get it right\ 
Better hit yourself\ 
Put your face together\ 
Better stand up straight 
SNOW !!! No ... rain . No , SNOW !!! No .... 
And of course January is \whisky and helicopters month . \"" 
You're just too good to be true . 
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger . Then it hit me . 
The more friends you have , the more cake you get . 
BOO !!! 
:) 
Conquered : One ( 1 ) icy mountain . 
I never knew 21 degrees could feel so warm ! 
