I <3 this summer . It's like no other , and that's good . :) 

Work Monday . Hopefully work Tuesday ( now that I received a contract with DOUBLE the hours ... rock on ! ) . Then [ tent ] camping Wednesday , Thursday , and Friday . Anyone want to join in on that one ? So far , only 4 of us going to Turkey Run or Shades in centr 
Off to do some reading before bed . ( Thanks , < PROPFIRST >!) 
Late night reading made me oversleep . I turned the alarm clock off instead of snoozing it . I got up 37 minutes late , which makes me that late for tutoring . But damn , the story really sucked me in ! 
I have a half hour before we head out to the drive-in . I'm gonna play with my new tent , seal it up and let it dry before we head out on Wednesday . Yay ! Camping ! ( Still no additional takers ??? ) 
The tent is sealed and sitting in my garage . I'm off to the drive-in ! Oh ! It's been soooooo long ! :) 
Tutoring and coffee until 1pm . :) 
How is it that the human body can smell sooooo bad when it's not even decomposing ??? Damn hot field house . Thank god for cool showers ! 
So , Throwback Jamz on Comcast ( channel 707 ) is awesome ! Hey there , high school ! :) 
I just submitted my application to the intense interventions program at Purdue . Reviewing of applications begins on Friday . 
It's time for politics and empathy . It's time for global change on so many fronts . It's not just the threat of things being in our back yards . It's the fact that those things are in our families , our friends , and in us . Not sure which issues to tackle 
I'm back from camping and thinking that I need to install my window units . It's HOT out !!! 
Thunder and lightning means my computer takes a nap . 
It looks like I will be interviewing for the Purdue program soon ! :) 
Heading out with the mo's . :) 
Window unit #1 installed . One more to go . 
All of the air conditioners are installed . Yay for coolness ! :) 
I love new people . :) 
\I'm not who you think I am . I'm scattered and unfocused . \"" 
I'm smitten with a stranger . :) 
STILL up because I'm nervous/excited about the 9am interview for < PROPMALE > County Education Interlocal in the morning . It's what Portage schools use , like NISEC in Lake County . 
It's about that time to make my strawberry smoothie , put on some mascara , and get out of the house . * FINGERS CROSSED * It's interview time ! :) 
The interview lasted an hour . It was a tough one , lots of hard questions , but I gave a lot of good answers . :) 
Tofu for lunch and then off to tutor . 
I have my hopes up . I don't like that . It makes me vulnerable . Aaaaahhh ! 
Sooooo exhausted ! Nighty-night ! :) 
Smiles in the morning . Wonderful !!! :) 
Oh so giddy :) Happy dreams and a smile when I wake for sure !! 
I LOVE visiting St. < PROPFIRST > ! Seriously ! This needs to be a vacation spot a couple of times a year . :) 
St. < PROPFIRST > pride was fun but HOT . I love vacations with friends . I also have a certain someone on my mind . :) 
I'm \the intelligent one\ " . :) " 
sthupid boob :( 
Getting rid of the gray and red . Sthupid hairs . ( If you are confused , I have not been misspelling my word there . Sound it out and you can hear me pouting , lol . ) 
dreamed about pregnancy for two nights in a row now , and neither of them were good dreams . :( 
Butterflies have a construction crew working in my stomach ! I'm so excited , but so nervous for this day-date . Damn ! It's been a while since I've had this feeling . I wish I could just enjoy it and not rush to make it go away . I really like this one . 
I am charged with the energy of change ! :) 
Oh , for those following the story somewhat ... the date was fantastic !!! :) 
It's amazing how the mind can replay events like a movie , rewinding to just the right part as many times over as you wish . :) 
I will give up my bed any night for a friend that is visiting . It's such a small price to pay for the treasure that it yields . :) Happy 4th and good night ! 
Interview at Purdue Cal today . Hopefully , I'll be attending classes as a student in the fall !!! :) * fingers crossed * 
So excited about tomorrow ! :) 
The workout was much better tonight . :) Dinner at < PROPFEMALE>'s was awesome !!! I wish I could fast forward through tomorrow so it could be Saturday already . 
really , really likes the girl . :) 
She's all mine ! I got the girl ! :) 
This is , by far , the BEST summer so far !!! I said it weeks ago and I say it again . :) 
Sneha time !!! :) Brought fruit with me this time . 
It's official ! I'm a grad student !!! I got accepted to the intense interventions program at Purdue Cal !!! :) 
All I need is to get a money order , fill out my license application , and get a criminal history background check done . Then , I will have my proficient practitioner's license . I passed my portfolio ! It just took a long , long time to find out ! :) 
Um , could today get any better ??? :) 
Date day in Chicago with the girl . :) Planetarium then House of Blues . Then just her . Could I be any luckier ? :) 
My parents met Dietrah tonight . They really liked her ! They sent me a text after dinner telling me . I didn't even ask yet . :) 
Tutoring at the Blue Room . 
Happiness . :) 
Not strep , but in same family . Got meds from dr already . Thank you ( to everyone who offered ) , but I don't need anything . Well , rest is needed . I've called off of work for the past 2 days . :( 
I'm hoping my girl taught me how to make the caramel correctly . Scratch that . I hope I listened correctly . We'll see within the next few minutes . :) 
The caramel was great ! :) 
Gonna see if I'm any good at this surprising thing . :) 
So , I'm not so good at surprises , but the end result is always good . :) At least I got to pretend that I was surprising the girl since she was kind enough to not call me out on it before it happened , lol . I think I want to buy an all-in-one printer/scanner/copier soon . Any recommendations ? 
Mmmmmm ... step-mom made fried green tomatoes and showed me how . Sorry Oaks , looks like you have competition ! ;) 
Back in the quote game . Yay ! :) I think some have wandered off on me . Eh , there's always new wisdom to stumble upon . 
To laundry I go ! * arms out like Superman * 
I'm heading to mom's for a bit . Then home to get ready for a fun evening with friends . :) p.s. My throat hurts again . I'm afraid that the abscess is returning . 
The movie \Defiance\ " is definitely worth watching ! " 
Stupid , stupid throat . 
Shower , sushi , and < PROPFIRST > Chapman tonight !!! Woohoo !!! She is one of the very few exceptions to me spending money on a concert . I can't wait !!! :) ( Throat , please go on hold tonight . Advil , do your thing ! ) 
< PROPFIRST > Chapman was AMAZING !!! Wow !!! 
So so so so sleepy . * yawn * 
Please , Dr. , tell me you can fix me so I can have a fun weekend . * fingers crossed * 
I <3 Lake County Public Library for having audiobooks that you can check out online AND download AND burn to a cd for good driving literature !!! :) 
I got to mom's around 8am . She wiped out last night and is a bit banged up . She probably has a broken ankle ( along with a cut above her eye from the sidewalk and a cut up knee ) ... AGAIN . But , the woman is too stubborn to go to the ER . So , here I wait until she decides she wants to go . I love my mom , but sometimes , I wish I could just drag her to the Dr. 
Taking mom to Urgent Care . 
Busy busy aah ! ;) 
I decided I'm staying home today to get stuff done at home , like clean the garage . 
Back to cleaning the garage soon , but lunch first . 
Aaaaahhhhh . Bliss . :) 
I love being in the house with the windows open on cool , rainy days . I napped in a hoodie today and it was wonderful ! However , this is why I am still up now . 
I hate that I can't \hide\ " comments on my friend's walls that were made by people that I don't want to see or be reminded of . " 
So sleepy today . I'm hoping to get in a nap before class ... either in my car or my classroom . Campuses should have nap rooms . Any suggestiosn ? 
Did I mention that I LOVE my new job ??? I <3 my new school !!! :) I kinda need a nap though , or maybe just a gp and thyroid meds . 
Hey look ... REAL Facebook . I've missed you . But now I have some homework that is due by midnight and a < PROPFEMALE > to watch . Tonight is the first night of potty-training . Yes , I am attempting to teach my cat to use the toilet . :) 
I'm almost done reading . Then , onto the written assignment . Can I make it in by midnight ??? * fingers crossed * 
Yay ! My assignment was due by 11:59 pm . It was submitted at 11:40 pm . I rock ! Woo-hoo ! Procrastination triumphs once again ! ;) 
I'm sick . I think I have the flu . The Moms brought me soup and company . I'm quite miserable . I have a field trip on Thursday . I want to go . Blah . I'll be at home on Wednesday . Hopefully , the only trip out will be to the dr. P.S. My friends are awesome ! < PROPFEMALE > brought me meds ! :) < PROPFEMALE > made an offer for soup tomorrow . I may be taking her up on it . 
Oh , and I've gotten 2 A's in my Thursday night class so far . :) 
I'll see the dr at 1:30 pm . Really , I just want to stay in bed . What happened to house calls ? 
I <3 Z-pacs ! :) 
Any comments on Windows 7 yet ? 
1:12 am and I am done creating a tutorial for Go Talk for my advanced assistive tech class tomorrow night and with most of my lesson planner for this coming week . Monday came too soon . :( Tomorrow : Work , do device comparisson for class , PUC bookstore for MS Office Enterprise 2007 for $31 , class , mom's , maybe laundry , then home to pass out . 
Yay ! I was surprised with the gift of a sub today when I walked into my classroom . I get a no-students work day today to put my LLI Kits together . :) 
Yay !!! 93.9 fm is already advertising the time for all-Christmas music ! :) I'm guessing/hoping for November 9 . Christmas is 63 days away . 
I hated yesterday . But , taking everything into account , it was my first BAD day this school year . Not too bad . Today is a new day ... with unresolved issues . 
I read some of the most poorly written IEP goals today . For you special < PROPMALE > teachers , one actually said \fluency skills\ " . This was the ENTIRE GOAL on the IEP ! WTF ??? " 
Modern Family cracks my stuff up ! I love watching it on Hulu during my lunch breaks at work . :) 
* yawn * Bills are paid . Bed is calling . 
Students are so entertaining sometimes . They really made me smile today . :) I also had a wonderful night with friends . I've missed nights like this . Oh , I can't wait until Christmas break . 
I heard on the radio this morning that Tinley Park , IL was voted the best city in the country in which to raise children by a business magazine . Arlington Heights , IL and somewhere else nearby came in 2nd and 3rd . Mount Prospect , IL was 1st last year . Hmmmm ... 
I <3 1 point soup ! 
I'm losing motivation on the homework . Maybe a nap and then back to work ? 
Classroom Discrepancy assignment done ! :) Now , onto the start of a Power Point presentation on Klippel-Feil Syndrome . Research , here I come ! 
I had a great first Thanksgiving with Dietrah . I learned to play Dominoes and we tracked all of our food . I came home with 11 points to spare ! :) 
So , I finished putting up my few Christmas decorations tonight . A few minutes ago , < PROPFEMALE > walked into the bedroom , hopped up next to me , and tossed one of my new snowflake ornaments into the air and onto the floor . I looked at it for a second and deicded to let her keep it . Maybe she'll leave the tree alone now , lol . My classroom is waaaay more decorated right now . I need to catch up here . ;) 
To my MDA camp family , there is bad news . If you want to know , call me . I've tried to reach as many of you as I could by phone already . :( 
Christmas break is off to a great start . :) Dietrah's family Christmas was Saturday . We watched movies and played Rummy for the rest of the weekend . Tomorrow , I help mom clean grandma's house some more . Then , some last-minute shopping . 
Does anyone else video chat on Skype ? It's so nice to do over the holidays . :) 
I need to get some motivation to get off the couch and out from under the heating blanket so I can shower and go to my dentist appointment . Can't I just play < PROPFIRST > for Wii all day ??? 
So , my cell decided to ask me for my smart card . It's already in there . It doesn't care . It's a cold , heartless piece of metal . It asks for too much . If you need me , try me here or my home phone . 
Phone is still out . I'm going to AT&T today to have a look . * fingers crossed * Ummm , I don't have A LOT of your phone < PROPFIRST > right now . :( 
Happy New Year to all ! Be safe , tread gently , and live boldly . Be the change ! 
I'm finally starting to feel better . I ate for the first time in a day and have kept it down so far . :) But , still no work tomorrow . :( 
Ok - I'll Play - HOW DID WE MEET ? Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends !!! Before you do that , answer for me ..... PLEASE participate ! This should be fun & in some cases scary !!!! ;-) 
For work : Remember that worry is really your fear of not knowing the end of the story or situation you're in the middle of . But , the truth is , you've already written that ending , one that will ultimately benefit you and help you reach your greatest good . 
This weekend was GREAT ! A fun time . A beautiful girl . A couple of tickets to see Rascal Flatts and < PROPMALE > Rucker in February . A heating blanket on a couch while watching movies . The weekend ended all too soon . 
I love a freshly made bed just before I go to sleep . But I am getting to hate the nights when I am the only one here to enjoy it . I kinda really miss my girl tonight . 
\grazing the cheek ... grazing the cheek ... \"" 
Once upon a time ... 
Seriously , my schedule was ordered to change less than 2 weeks ago . Today , I get called out of 3rd grade math to talk about ( can you gues ??? ) rewriting the schedule . I am so tired of this ... paying so heavily for administrative mistakes . Grrr . 
Thanks to everyone for your birthday wishes ! After a long day of work , then an RTI meeting after work , then class until 8pm , I came home to a wonderful woman , cheesecake , and control of the remote ! My birthday had a wonderful ending . Part 3 picks up this weekend with a trip to Ohio to see Rascal Flatts and < PROPMALE > Rucker ! :) 
So , I'm typing and < PROPFEMALE > stretches her neck out ever so slowly and bites my ring finger . 
I'm ready for vacation . NOW . 
The number of days that my schedule lasted before being changed : 4 The amount of time that I was notified of such change : 0 The number of attempts made to reach me for consultation of said change : 0 The number of lies that one adminstrator can get caught in : COUNTLESS 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day was good ... Saw mini marathon the night before and then dinner and a movie the day of . :) I love my girl that much more everyday , < PROPFIRST>'s Day or not . 
Dear Depression , what are some alternative employment options for former teachers ? I think the burn-out < PROPFEMALE > paid me a visit . What now ? 
- 1.2 lbs today . :) I'm 0.8 lbs away from losing 10% of myself . * crossing my fingers for next week * 
Tomorrow : torture students with Day 1 of the state standardixed test . :( 
Oh , ISTART7 , why isn't your server bigger ? When a lot of the special < PROPMALE > teachers in Indiana are trying to do IEP updates , you freak out . Really , we won't give you anything you can't handle . 
Hello , my biology/science people . Do you have any tips on where to get some short-and-to-the-point info ( like CliffNotes ) on Cellular Biology ? 
Scheming and planning . ;) 
Happy Birthday to the most incredible woman in my life ! I <3 mom ! 
Just finished a late breakfast of frech toast made with 3 slices of 35 calorie/ea bread , splenda , all spice and 3 egg whites for a grand total of 3 WW points . :) 
I <3 that I can have my very own \Kate Peterson\ " station on Pandora Radio ! " 
Day 1 of Spring Break : VERY productive ! Breakfast with friends . Country drive . Shopping for a much-desired object of secrecy . Rearranged livingroom with Dietrah . Took the Christmas tree down . :) Cooked dinner . Watched a movie . Got an assignment done 2 days early . Whew ! 
So , I'm seriously chickening out of this whole snoring surgery ( partial uvulectomy , correction of deviated septum , etc ... ) . I only just now looked it up online . Doesn't look too beneficial or comforting . :( I may be checking in tomorrow morning just to ask questions and turn around to go home . 
It's after 3 a.m. and I'm still up ... watching Cheaper by the Dozen 2 on Comcast On-Demand and eating Cool Whip Free from the tub . Yep ... it's spring break . :) 
Hello blustery rain . I was just wondering , how long will you be around ? 
That's what the elves call \justice of the unicorn \"." 
Homework submitted . Laptop scanning for viruses . Dishes in the sink can wait . Now onto an email reply to my love . Then , shower before sushi in South Bend . :) 
Dear Body , I know we have a < PROPMALE > past , but can we call a truce ? I'm giving in and taking meds today to take away the headache and allergy symptoms . But , can you please let them work soon ? I promise to reward you later with veggies and yummy stuff . :) 
Is there any topic in which you prefer to remain ignorant ? If so , why ? 
Surprise trip to Lake < PROPFEMALE > ! I love towns like this ! :) 
Pay It Forward for Creative People : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update . They must in turn , promise to post this and send something to the first 5 posters on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2010 . 
I do NOT <3 homework . :( 
Good news : I spoke with the Dr. some more and the surgery is back on . This time , I'll have to take a few days off of work , but it'll be worth it . ( Sorry , < PROPFIRST >.) 
We move June 10th ! Yay ! 
What is/was your favorite < PROPFEMALE > tale ? Why ? 
I put some bread in the toaster , opened my Laughing Cow cheese and got my plate ready . I sat down in the livingroom to type . I heard strange noises , but couldn't tell where they came from . Decided to ignore them . Went in the kitchen to get my toast and cheese . Where's the cheese ? I look down and see < PROPFEMALE > licking her lips . She ate my cheese ! 
The new principal candidates were interesteing today . One was just scary . Two were good . Only one mentioned special education . Guess who I gave my 1/100th of a vote to ? ( Yes , the entire crowd counted as one vote in the end . ) 
Have you cleaned up your Friends list lately ? 
Dietrah got a promotion ! And another raise ! :) 
Yay for the weekend ! But boo for having to spend it ALL doing finals type homework . But then , the semester is over ! Tick . Toc . Tick . Boom ! 
I hate finals time . I forgot how terrible it was . But , this puts me 1/2 way through my master's program . :) 
Browsing through high school yearbooks ... giggling at < PROPFEMALE>'s picture . :) 
A : \This isn't funny . \ " B : \ " Everything is funny . And everything is sad . \"" 
Got a 5 < PROPFEMALE > massage in the teacher's lounge for Teacher Appreciation . :) 
Yay ! for Teacher Appreciation Week . The PTA is awesome ! I wonder if administrators realize what's going on this week . 
I crave something to read that is not required , something that inspires me to underline words for a collection . 
& #9774 
& #9774 
#9774 
FYI : Obtaining a Master's degree is not enough to renew a teacher's licence . Teaching a college course is not enough . Getting published in a scholarly journal is not enough . Do it all , and you get close . But , then you have do do it all over again and more a few years later . 
I'm really looking forward to after-Saturday . I want to read a book for fun . I want to come home and have nothing more to do because I've already done my work at work . I want to pack and sort things for donation . I want to NOT have homework to do . Only a few days left . 
Why is it that I have always been the most motivated and productive in the middle of the night ? It worked in college , but not now when I have a real job that has me up early every morning . 
\I just love how he fits in with out group . It's not easy . People hate our group . \"" 
Because you have a 1 1/2 year old . :) 
One big weight off of my mind today related to my master's program . One more big weight still pressing down . 
Unplanned homeowrk break : Ming-Ming decided she wanted some of my freshly poured coffee . Since she forgot that she doesn't have opposable thumbs , she dumped it ( are you ready ? ) IN my purse , IN my shoes , and all over some of my notes . Grrr . Back to work ... with a fresh cup of coffee and a cat that's now hiding . 
As I sit here on the couch finishing my last paper and drinking copious amounts of coffee with sweetened condensed milk because I ran out of creamer , I am reminded how much I like the movie Spanglish as it plays on the tv in the background . 
If you could be back in one of your previous ages for a day , which would be it and why ? 
1:40 a.m. and I just made myself a spanish tortilla ( potatoes , eggs , and < PROPFEMALE > oil ) b/c I'm still up working on my final paper and dinner was 7 1/2 hours ago . 
I don't remember all-nighters feeling this yucky . Good news : I'm done with all of my semester work . I now have about a month before I have homework again . :) I'm off to sleep now . 
Final grades already in ( including the paper I submitted at 5:59:58 this morning ! ) . A in both classes . :) 
I'm about to go to bed in my old bedroom at my mom's house . Strange , but not . She'll be taking me to the hospital in the morning and I'll be with her all day tomorrow until Dietrah comes to take care of me . :) I love both of these amazing women ! 
Surgery went well . After 3 injections of Fentanyl into my IV , I learned that I can now add that to the list of pain meds that don't relieve any pain for me . It was back to my trusty Tylenol 3 . I'm hungry , but can't really get much past the ailing uvula . I'm also being cared for very well . :) Oh , and talking is bad ... very bad . :( 
The sneezing has begun , but i'm not allowed to blow my nose for a week . :( Not good . 
I want to lie down . I want to lie flat , fall asleep with my mouth closed , and drift off into silent sleep . I want to stop complaining , really i do . Sorry . 
I've discovered that I'm allergic to my antibiotic . I'm also calling off the rest of the week . :( 
So , I'm off of work until Monday . I only wish I could be more productive at home , but no strenuous activity or allowing my head to go lower than my heart . I'm off to sleep in my chair . G'night . 
It's time for a new cell phone . I currently have AT&T and want a smart phone . This means that I'm also considering going over to Verizon ( Droid ) . Any personal experiences , recommendations , etc ...? I'm also really looking at prices of phones , data packages , etc ... 
I <3 the way the < PROPFEMALE > Chicks expresses wanderlust . Makes me smile . :) 
I am truly more miserable today than i have been all week . :( 
Ah . Finally starting to feel better . :) 
Dietrah and i have now purchased our sofa , love seat , dining room table , and memory foam bed . We are ready to move ! :) 
\Your position has been eliminated . \ " Not want you want to hear when requested to attend a meeting with the head of HR and the top union guy . " 
8 more days of work unt summer break . Hopefully , I will know where/what I'm teaching in the next couple of days . I'm not worried though . I know I have a job , and that's good . :) 
Um , I think I'm in love with Chicago Magazine . :) 
I plan on painting a little of the new apartment on Friday , June 11 ( which is also when furniture is being delivered ) . The next day , I will be moving boxes and stuff from my Hobart apartment to the Highland apartment . If anyone would like to help , it would be appreciated . Lunch and munchies would be on me . Oh , and there are no stairs at the new apartment . :) 
So yes , my Hobart apartment will be available in July . If you're interested ... it's a 1-bedroom apartment in a converted 3-unit house for $575/mo . You pay all utilities . Attached 1-car garage ( great for winter ! ) . Plenty of storage space . Great window a/c unit included . Great neighbors . :) Let me know if you're interested and I'll give you more info and/or the landlord's contact info . 
One week and no news at work . Getting nervous . 
By about 4:00 p.m. tomorrow , I will know where and what I am teaching next year . Until then , I am attempting to fight off the fear of the unknown . On a happy note , I received my first yearbook today . :) ( They didn't have one for the school I was at before . ) 
It's official . I will be teaching 1st grade , gen < PROPMALE > next year ( at the same school ) . 
Iwww . What's with \friend collectors\ " on FB getting all crappy when you don't accept their friend request ? Not nice . " 
After a strange week of strange pains , I am , yet again , on antibiotics . I'm kinda ready to be done with meds right now . But , I feel better than I did this past week . Onto a new and better one ! :) 
Are there any other teachers who are still NOT out for summer break yet ? Is my district the only one who doesn't finish until this coming Thursday ? 
Stupid bladder . :/ 
Baked a loaf of GF bread from scratch tonight for my love . It was yummy ! Gonna try GF cookies from scratch tomorrow . ( Shhh . Don't tell her . ) Made camping reservations for Ohio . Had a busy and fun weekend with different groups of friends . Now , I say , \ah\ " . :) Life is good . " 
* big smile * My girl is awesome ! 
I have to say , I actually really enjoy reading the text book for my advanc < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > psych class . It was written by my professor and I have to read approximately 75 pages two times each week . But , it was written well and I'm learning a lot . Bravo , professor . Bravo . 
< PROPFIRST > for Wii + Summer Break = Happy < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I proposed to Dietrah while canoeing this weekend . We're getting married next summer ! :) 
I have an internship observation today , but all I want to do is be home and do wedding things . :) 
What's on MY mind ? Romantic songs and green thinking . :) What's on YOUR mind ??? 
Anniversary dinner tonight - the only one before we have a new anniversary date . * Squee * Tupperware tomorrow . Love for the rest of my life . <3 
' Tis the season for love . :) I feel so lucky ... I get to see the woman who will be my wife every day . She is such an amazing individual . * imagine dreamy look here * 
2-day business trip begins early in the morning . * yawn * I still have to throw some clothes in a bag and then hit the sack . 
Lady Gaga concert-goers are cracking me up ! :) 
After attending a beautiful wedding yesterday , Dietrah and I are inspired . We are off to visit some venues to book for our wedding . :) 
Dietrah and I checked out some nice venues today . We even got some hiking in during the process . Niiiiiiiice . :) 
I <3 this whole wedding planning stuff , lol . :) 
Ok techie friends , I have a situation for you . I wouild like a read receipt for my emails from my Gmail account ( like what is possible in Outlook ) . Looks like Gmail does not offer that feature . There are downloads available online that say they can do this in Gmail . But , I'm hessitant of them . Any advice ? 
The work picnic was fun . Nice atmosphere ... chill . Some players were missing . I think it was a good thing . :) I'm looking forward to getting back into my classroom . 
Would anyone be interested in joining me for a < PROPFEMALE > Bowl Sound Healing session on Sunday , Aug 1 from 10am-11am ? It's in Highland and costs $15 . 
If you could be Made , what would you choose ? 
I <3 vinyl wall < PROPMALE > ! I had super fun putting up our new decoration and pics that we hadn't gotten around to putting up yet . Tomorrow ... breakfast with the parents , an awesome garage sale , homework , and clean house . :) 
So , the peer pressure must have gotten to her . Dietrah has a Facebook account now . Good job everyone ! :) 
* Grumble * This is normally when i go to bed lately , NOT when i wake up for the day . Need to be in Indy for part of internship today by 7:30 am * Grumble * 
Awesome day at < PROPMALE>'s yesterday . But totally exhausted by the time I got home . Now , homework until it's time to get ready for class . Only 3 left for the summer . 
In the morning : Easter Seals Autism Center . Now : off to a bed that's already warmed up . :) 
I have some pretty cool new jewelry on the ring finger of my left hand . :) 
Homework . Homework . Homework . Focus . Focus . FOCUS . 
DISTRACTION : I can't stop looking at the < PROPFEMALE > sparkling on my engagement ring . :) I want my love to come home . 
Ok , I uploaded more pics and created an Engagement photo album . :) 
http://www.stilesandweber.ourwedding.com/ 
To the tune of < PROPFIRST > Had a Little Lamb : I ordered my new phone today , phone today , phone today . I ordered my new phone today so I can play with apps . :) 
Oh , Focus , where have you gone off to ? I need for you to return . Pretty please ??? 
I'm looking for cheap phone accessories online . Any recommendations ? ( I've already looked at Amazon , Overstock , SuperMediaStore , Buy , and some others . ) 
Hey Texas ! Can you hurry it up on my phone please ? 
\Oh ya ! Who's the big dumb monkey now ?! Paint daisies on it . I don't care . \"" 
Done working on papers and studying for preliminary midterm tomorrow ... well , just for tonight . More studying and printing on campus tomorrow . Then , only a few more days to get all of my assignments completed and submitted . Vacation ! I see you ! I'll catch you ! 
Made notes from several chapters for the prelim final today . Off to shower . Then squeeze in a bit more study time . Then off to class . * wish me luck ! * 
I love my new HTC Aria ! 
Just finish < PROPMALE > most difficult exam of my life . 46 synthesis level questions in 3 hours for advanc < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > psych . I seriously have a headache . 
Just submitted another assignment . :) 5 to go . 
Good morning Connecticut . :) 
9 states , a handful of state and national parks , real New England clam chowder , a lobster roll , camping on an island in Maine , and we are home . I wish it wasn't over yet . But I'm happy to still be in the amazing company that I have had the pleasure to keep for the past few days . :) 
Checked my grades online ... two A's! With 4 classes and 1 internship to go before I graduate , I've still got a 4.0 in my master's program ! :) 
Any tattoo shop recommendations in Valpo ? 
I hate you < PROPFEMALE > ! GRRR ! 
* Chi-ca-go , Chi-ca-go , da-da-da-da-da , I-don't-know-the-words * Weekend in Chicago for a friend's birthday fun . :) 
Hello , FB . I haven't seen you in a week . Now , I say goodnight . Off to meet the new principal tomorrow who had already broken his word . Small word broken , big action revealed . 
Would anyone be kind enough to help me in my classroom today/tonight ? The kids arrive tomorrow and I have a lot to finish . I can be here til 11pm , if later is better for you . PRETTY PLEASE ??? 
I've been a working like a maniac ! Been at work until after 7:30 pm EVERY DAY ! One day , I didn't leave until 9:30 pm ! I really hope I get this together quickly . Classes start tomorrow , too . On the up side , the first days with students went wonderfully . :) 
Bloomington's 4th Street < PROPMALE > Festival was fun this weekend . I always love being there . The weather was perfect ! < PROPFEMALE > with a slight chill in the air . Ahhhh . :) Then , we went and registered at our first store . Yay ! :) 
Sick . Soooo sick . Please , I want one year where I don't get sick at the beginning of the school year . Blah . 
What's your purpose on this globe ? 
Happy Mexican Independance Day . : http://some.ly/9G8INt 
Honeymoon plans in the works . * giddy * 
Um , have I mentioned that my wedding dress is ordered ? I'll get it in the middle of October . Yay !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > fell off of the couch , bounced off it the table , and got stuck in a DVD rack . After lots of scary growling and cat noises , Dietrah freed her , but not before she sank her teeth into my arm . :( 
I LOVE this fall weather !!! 
AMAZING NEWS !!! My dress is ready and is being shipped early ! 
I've got my wedding dress . I love it !!! 
I'm getting married the month after next ! :) 
Ah , weekend full of fun . :) All is good when < PROPFIRST > is on the cd player and the air is crisp . My love has something up her sleeve . I love surprises ! Kids were awesome today , too . I'm just happy . :) 
Accomplished this weekend : friend's birthday dinner at Hooters , bought our wedding bands in Indy , dinner with family and some great kids , a yummy crock pot , laundry , graded papers , and watched the first disc of Oz . Awesome weekend . :) 
supported < PROPMALE > running in the ING New York City Marathon 2010 by making a healthy commitment in the SUBWAY(R ) Commit to Fit sweepstakes . 
After a 14 hour day , I'm finally heading home for the night . 
My first Open House was awesome ! I really liked the parents who challenged me to challenge their kids . They got to see my high and low differentiation and asked for more . Rock on ! :) 
is a lesbian and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/cMKwnr . 
An episode of My Fair Wedding is filling me with emotions that are making me feel all swollen inside my chest and smiley on my face . I'm getting married in 66 days ! The countdown began a week ago in the kitchen . :) 
The children have lost their minds today . 
So , during a conversation about with my students today , a student told me ( and the whole class ) that his mom is a film maker . When I asked what kind of films , he replied , \adult ones . She makes lots of them . \ " hehehehehe " 
Big THANK YOU to eveyone who helped this weekend ! :) 
\Be genuine without being hurtful or brutal . \"" 
Excited about a curriculum mapping workshop tomorrow . :) 
Christmas season is here ! Well , in my classroom , it is ! AOL Radio , you rock ! The Christmas tree is up in the apartment . I'll hold off on the class tree until December . I love it !!! Now , off to have some dinner from the crock pot with my happiness on the couch . Do I hear movie ? :) 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I know it's early , but can you PLEASE bring my 1st graders a functioning pencil shrpener ? It's kinda difficult to only be able to sharpen about 2 each day when I have 23 students who break pencils like they're made of wafers . Thank you , Miss Stiles 
3rd trip to Dr in 5 days . Bronchitis , new allergy to antibiotic , blah . Sick day tomorrow . 
Thank you to everyone who helped us celebrate this once-in-a-lifetime event today ! It was appreciated more than you know . :-) 
Lots of wedding stuff this week . Squee ! Checked out the room renovations and picked out tablecloths and napkins for the ceremony on Monday . Play date for hair and makeup with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Maybe pick up final alterations on Friday . Boys ' suits on Saturday . I think I'm forgetting something . Eh , lol . I love it all ! It's so close !!! :) 
Thank goodness for old friends who have seen your patterns and can bring you clarity because of time and experience . You are priceless ! :) 
My dress is ready to be picked up AND we are adding a new furry member to our little family ! Yay !!!!!! 
just realized that i'll be married one month from today :-) 
I REALLY don't like < PROPFEMALE>'s right now . :-( 
I got test-ended on my way home from work today . * grumble * 
Correction : rear-ended . * more grumble * 
Our newest addition to the family is here ! 
Oh , the new < PROPFEMALE>'s name is Niña ( pronounced NEEN-ya ) . :) 
< PROPMALE > Potter fans , call this number 413-497-0167 to call Hogwarts and find out about attending Hogwarts . ( The only charges are regular long distance , so it was free on my cell and Comcast land line . ) It was cute and I plan on calling back to select other options to listen to . :) 
? I will be walking down the aisle to be married in 3 weeks , 13 hours , and 24 minutes . ? 
To those of you who recommended The Walking Dead ... I'm hooked . Darn you ! * shaking fist at you * 
2 weeks , 5 days , 23 hours , 29 minutes :) 
CRAZY parents ( of students ) these past couple of days . Thank you for being here , Weekend . :) The Polar Express field trip at South Shore Arts was fun . Kids were great there ! 
My classroom is frigid ! Please , < PROPFEMALE > , bring a heater , or at least someone who can make my vents stop blowing COLD air instead of hot air . Seriously , it's cold , especially if I think it's cold ! 
Oh happy day ! :-) 
And the day keeps getting better . :) 
... and better :) 
I'm a Mrs. ! 
Anyone want to write a lit review for me tonight ? The topics are Positive Behavior Support , Functional Behavior Analysis , and Applied Behavior Analysis . Peer-reviewed within the past 10 years , please and thank-you . 
Paren t-t eacher conference day is half over . We still have until 7:00 p.m. Wouldn't it be a great evening to be at home , cozied up with my wife , drinking something warm ? Well , \lunch\ " is almost over . Back to my cubbie . " 
Please , I need coffee !!! 
Microwaving the coffee ... tired of this paper ... need to sleep , but not going to happen for a while . I hate that I procrastinate , yet I do nothing to change it . 
Watching White Christmas on AMC . Thought I never saw it before , but I have ! :) Maybe I'll switch to the next episode of The Walking Dead . 
Wedding weekend has begun ! House guest - check ! Pedicure - tomorrow . Rehearsal dinner - tomorrow . Mineral wrap - Saturday . Mania - check !!! :) 
Rehearsal went well , after I got a little bit of crazy , lol . Dinner went more than well . Thank you , our loved ones ! 
Mineral wrap was awesome ! Time to finish up some favors , then wash up , head to see a beloved friend , then home again to pack for mom's and the honeymoon , call in some final orders , and head to mom's . Oh , and some shopping in between there somewhere , lol . 
I'm goin ' to the chapel and I'm gonna get ma-a-a-ried . :-) 
The Keg . I get it . Wow ! 
Christmas was great ! Wedding was wonderfu !. Honeymoon was life-changing - We already looked at an apartment there ! Goal for 2011 : Move to Seattle ! Who's coming with us ??? :) 
Some new obsessions and deeper appreciations : Grey's Anatomy , House Hunters ( Seattle areas ) , Sleepless in Seattle . :) Oh , the clock is already ticking down . 
How did you make this world a better place this year ? 
Woke up thinking about the magical oatmeal machine . Ahhhhh . 
Yay ! The work day is over ! Home to my wife and a night/weekend of fun ! ( Hey , anything is fun when I'm with her . ) <3 
Got to say \she's my wife\ " to a total stranger today . She just smiled and said ok . That felt great ! " 
Proud of my eco-friendly self . :) I just purchased my first college textbook for Kindle . No more expensive , tree-killing , ( eventual ) dust-collecting/outdated , one-time-use books for me ! 
Nice to meet you , p.f. < PROPFIRST > . : - 
hehehehehehe :) 
? singing happy tunes in my head ? 
Homework and laundry . Shout-out to multitasking ! 
Outdoor recess today means I get to take my WHOLE lunch hour ! Yay !!! 
Ok , I can only stay at work for about a half hour more to get awards ready for tomorrow and lesson plan . Then , I MUST make myself leave for class . I really just said that for myself . :) 
I almost made my time limit . I'm on my way to class now . Have a good evening , all ! 
I absolutely ? LOVE ? Mo Willems and his Knuffle < PROPFEMALE > !!! I am inspired !!! 
Finally leaving work . :) 
Knuffle < PROPFEMALE > Show-and-Tell day !!! Yay !!!!! 
Not feeling well . :( Ears and throat hurt . Slight headache . 
So , Dr. says I have tonsilitis/strep . 
Temp still over 102 , with intermittent chills . Crawling out of my skin . Grr . 
So , I'm sitting at home on a work day calling around to find a new GP for a follow-up . Temp is down ( but don't think it's gone ) , throat is less swollen . My wife has taken excellent care of me . :) Honestly , I wouldn't have even gone to the dr. if she hadn't taken me . She even left work early to take me on Saturday . I'm so thankful to have her . :) 
My adventurous wife and I just finished making our first batch of laundry detergent < PROPMALE > la Duggars . 10 g < PROPMALE > lons ( 5 g < PROPMALE > 2X concentrated ) for about $2.00 and 20 minutes of easy work . 
Oh my , am I sore ! But I love the cause - Just Dance was so fun last night ! Hoping a hot shower will help . :-) 
I love most of this song , but the Black Eyed Peas need a new hit . 
Mmm ... ( almost ) midnight musubi . :-) 
Sometimes , when you don't know what to do , it's easier when the decision is taken out of your hands . 
Help needed : Where can I find a free streaming video online that explains to little ones ( 1st grade ) what veterans are ? I would prefer an animated video ? ( I've already looked on Youtube , Learn360 , and TeacherTube . 
Just dragging lately ! So sleepy . Really want to take a nap instead of go to class . Hmmm ... Dunkin Donuts is on the way . Will I stop ? 
Note to self : my car keys don't lock my classroom door . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!! 
Possible strike in the future . :-( Just left union meeting . 
Haven't gone to bed before 1:30 a.m. all week . SOOOOOOO tired . 
I love this class , but PLEASE let the time fly tonight . I just want sleep ! 
Indiana Dems walked out . 
Mmm ... my wife made awesome veggie tacos . 
I just can't help myself . I must move furniture !!! It's a compulsion . ;) 
Mustering up the balls to go to the post office to pick up a package - with my name on it . Damn < PROPFEMALE > . 
I think we've all become the characters from \How I Met Your Mother\ " . Can you guess who's who ? :-) Clue : Season 2 Episode 10 " 
Dear Past , know your role . 
Late evening at work finishing report cards . Anyone wanna come entertain me or help grade papers ? :-) 
Late night at the BMV went well - name changes on drivers licenses complete . :-) On to dinner . 
Just finished a 1 hr , 15 < PROPFEMALE > conference with a dad . Went great , but man , I wanna go home ! :) p.s. I really admire great dads . Kudos to him ! 
Budget cuts hit ... hard . :( 
