You want to know my new years resolution ? It's to finish writing my book . I'm putting my soul into it so it better be a best seller . Day 1 only 360 days to go , and 2 pages down . 

dreams of flying . :) 
got flying colors on his midterm evaluation in his massage therapy class :) 
just had an amazing aroma therapy class today . Made a massage oil with lavander , chamomile , and cedar wood yum ! :) 
needs more hours . Call me up for a massage :) 805-910-6121 
Made 45 bucks today :) i'm < PROPMALE > !! 
Got 100 on his anatomy mid term !!!! :D I is smrt .... I mean smart :) 
Had fun with the kids at the fourth of july breakfast today at the church . :) 
someone call me i'm bored 805-910-6121 
Yay , today is the first day of school since a week :) It's the end of my one week midterm break . 
is so so tired , and is going to bed now . Night ALL 
I feel so pretty :) NEW PICS !!! 
Needs a bike ! 
Doesn't want to be Gay any more !!! 
Is so very frustrated with life right now . 
Learns how to drive tomorrow . Wish me luck . Hope I don't crash into a palm tree . 
Cleaned house today . 
will be at church today . 
went ice skating yesterday . didn't fall either woot ! 
Is at a beach house right now . House sitting for 20 bucks a day . :) 
only a few weeks of school left . :) then I will start the advanced course . 
dinner tonight with the missionaries , looking forward to it :D 
Who want's a massage ? 
wants to go kyaking . 
Just had my anatomy final , and no surprise there but I got 100++ :) 
Is alone in a room crowded with people . 
Is Tired . 
just drank sour milk blegh ! 
Graduated massage school 
Will be in Florida for 1 week in October From the 9th till the 14th . 
Is getting a massage today XD 
Has no idea why everything on his facebook suddenly changed to SPANISH !! How do I change it ?! 
HAHAHAHA , okay I got it i'm good XD 
Here come more pictures 
spent the day in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Will be back tomorrow . Had a client so now i'm tired lol 
Is off to Florida Tonight at 10 . See you guys in a week :) 
Had the most insane trip to florida yesterday . Spent around 12 hours stranded at the atlanta , < PROPFEMALE > airport !! Finally I am in Florida helping to get ready for the wedding . :) 
Is back home in cali now . So tired . gonna go to sleep soon . 
Is over being sick :( 
is drinking hella lot of tea to get rid of this sore throat . 
Is all over being sick :D just have a sore throat to deal with because of all the coughing . 
I think i'm gonna write a book ... Brb 
just woke up and feel awesome :D 
No wonder my happy heart sings , your love has given me wings :) 
Bout to head out to Thai town with my Thai friends should be fun :) 
soooo hungry , luckily my mom is making her sisters famouse potato soup XD 
Have a headache cause I walked half way across town today :\\ 
Yay , I have my certificate for massage therapy . My efforts have finally produced results XD Thanks dad for paying my way . 
Finaly got the christmas tree up , and went shopping yesterday so now we have presents under the tree :) 
Hmm , what to do this year ? 
Put the following in your status and let your friends respond ! \A word that describes me is ( 1 ) ____________ . If you really know me then you know that I love ( 2 ) _________ but I can't stand ( 3 ) _____________ . \ " Copy and paste this in your status to ... see what people have to say about you ! " 
Dream a little dream of me . 
< PROPFIRST > Black is my celeb look a like . What do you think ? 
Watched The Lighting Thief and now I want a lotus drop XD 
Is loving how challenging life is . The Devil can stick it ! 
FHE was fun last night ... but i'm sooo SORE !! Stupid lactic acid ! 
best day EVER was at church yesterday from 9 to 9 lol . first Family < PROPMALE > , then singles < PROPMALE > , then break the fast ( awesome baked potatoes ) , then a fire side at 7-8 but not before I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > at Danliel's apartment for an hour . :D 
Hmmm , Babysitting or lost tonight ? ... :\\ 
Hey everyone let me know if you would like to start hiking with me on a regular basis . 
Just got back from hanging with the missionaries . According to a woman we visited We are sooo blessed , like we don't even know how blessed we are doing what we do . :) She was a little crazy , but the crazy ones are the most fun haha . 
Dark Knight is Epic on plasma screen/ blue < PROPFIRST > / and sourround sound speakers !! O.o 
Is now an Herbal Life Distributor :) 
Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out for St. Paddy's day ? :) 
still looking for people to < PROPFEMALE > with tonight . 
If anyone decides they want to < PROPFEMALE > out ....... call me : 805-910-6121 
I feel amazing for the past 2 days I have been waking up naturally at 7:30 ! Ask me how , now ! 
< PROPMALE > Prayer was fun last night . No woman can hold me down ! lol 
Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
somebody call me ! 805-910-6121 
yay , fast sunday , can't eat till 4 :\\ 
wow , babtist music is crazy ! Specially when it's pitted againts mormon hymns haha . Awesome concert last night in L.A :) 
YAYYYY !!! Finally going on a hike ! I can finally use some of this excess energy i've been storing . 
Hike last night was amazing . I was among the clouds . Litteraly :) 
went to the hotsprings in ojai last night ! Got back home at 1:30 lmao , It was awesome ! I didn't want to leave . Not to mention it was cold out of the water , but I still smell bad I should take a shower :\\ 
Had the most EPIC hiking adventure ever yesterday . I could have died multiple times ... or at least been seriously injured , but I survived with just a few scratches on my hand , a sun burn , and a small rash from poison oak :) I must be one lucky duckling . 
Jeez I just don't interest anybody do I ? 
Did anyone else feel that ? lol that lasted like a full minute 
the earthquake I mean . 
Had the wierdest dream last night :\\ 
< PROPFEMALE > , the dream strated off at a puplic pool in the middle of a desert . there was no one there except me ... and this girl that was laying next to the pool ... covered in blood . I thought she was dead until ... she got up and started walking towards me . I ran out the gate and ran around the perimeter to get as far away from her as possible . 
I kept having to jump over fences and houses to get away from her , but she always seemed to be right there following me . Then someone else came into the dream and I showed him the bloody girl that was following me ... and he must have gotten possesed by her because then he started chasing me too ! :\\ There was a lot of running and jumping fences and they kept trying to corner me in like animal corals ... 
I finally got back to the pool and noticed that there was a gun at the bottom of the pool . So I ran in to try and get it but the other guy came in first and dove in after the gun . I dove in to and found another \gun\ " it was an orange water pistol ... but the other guy had some kind of small revolver ... and he shot me ... " 
then I shot him but only water came out so nothing happened . Then things started to fade ... I remember something about coming out of the water and then stabbing this inflated something and the guy snapped to his senses ... but I still sunk to the bottom of the pool and bled to death i'm guessing :\\ well that's pretty much all I remember ... there was more after that but it was just weirder unrelated stuff ... 
yesterday was AWESOME !! Went to a farm with a friend where he snapped a bunch of photo's of me for his photography assignment at < PROPMALE > College . After wards I was able to ride a horse for the first time in a LONG time which was a blast even though it only lasted a few minuets . 
Also got to help feed the horses and I held a couple chickens lol . Afterwards , < PROPMALE > Chavez invited me to the movies to watch clash of the titans which made up for intensity where it lacked in believability and sense lol . Good day :) 
ugh , stupid status bar only being able to hold 420 characters ! so random !!! 
hey everyone check out my online store for my herbal life buisness . The products are amazing ! Contact me if you have any questions . CALLAHANHEALTHSTORE . COM 
Bored , who wants to go hiking ? 
Hopefully my slump is over . 
4 days till I turn 20 ... I'm strangley unexited about it . 
lol , I'll be 20 in the afternoon of tomorrow , but only a few hours before the day . 
AAAAHHHH , People go to the Ventura stake center tonight to see Elder Bednar !!! It's an apostle and it's my birthday , and I want to see you all there !!! 
That was one of the most amazing 2 1/2 hours of my life . Meeting an Apostle is truly amazing . The spirit in that room was monumental . Elder Bednar is a very funny man , he was a delight to listen to . Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! I had a great day ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > for lunch :) I'm tired gonna hit the hay ! Peace ! 
Go Ninja , go Ninja , GO ! I have a new favorite game :) 
Ugh , I'm totally bummed I missed the night hike :( Also I don't think my favorite game is ninja any more ... getting slapped in the face/getting your eye poked out at the same time would put a damper on any fun activity . lol 
Hey how's it going ? 
is hungry :( 
Oxnard 4th < PROPMALE > has the coolest missionaries EVER !!! :D Gonna miss them after transfers this next monday :( 
Even on days like today it can be < PROPFEMALE > because true light comes from the soul :) 
trying to find the pictures from < PROPFEMALE>'s Party last night . If anyone has them or knows who does please let me know I would like to see them :) 
Just got city of villians from my brother as a belated birthday present ... but I also have City of Heroes ... is it bad if I change sides now ? but evil is so much cooler than good though :( 
dude , was there FHE tonight ?! 
Gonna try and save an animals life today . Wish me luck ! 
Okay so it's perfect weather for the beach . Anyone want to go ??? 
My brother is on his way to Russia ... how weird 
Spent around 3 hours today cleaning our upstairs bathroom which was FILTHY ! Now it practically sparkles . Now it's almost too bright in there lol . Hope it stays clean for more than a day now :) 
Is Happy :) 
Is also looking for a job lol . Who wants to help a brother out ? 
will be in Utah in a week :) 
Hey does anybody who lives in oxnard/camarillo care to drive me to the long beach airport at 6 in the morning eh eh ? free massage ??? :) 
Hey everyone , So i'm at BYU right now and have been for the past 4 days . Been spending time with my sister and a bunch of awesome new people that I instantly became friends with . I'm gonna be sad when I have to leave ... but who knows maybe I'll start going to school here ... we will see :) 
So I started the enrollment process for oxnard college today . One step closer from being able to go to BYU ! :) The stupid enrollment office was closed though today , and so was the library . I really wanted to have a productive day today . I guess fridays just are not good days to be productive lol . Will try again on monday . 
Also had the missionaries over tonight for dinner . It was awesome seeing\ 
them again after a week of being at BYU ... but I still miss Provo :( 
Is a monkey reincarnated into a human body ... the only thing missing is a tail ... and unaposable thumbs . 
soooo tired . I stayed up all night on thursday , and didn't want to throw my sleeping schedual off so I continued to stay up all day friday ... until 10 o'clock . Then I slept from 10 pm till 10 Am . and then at 12:30 I took a nap till 2 ... and i'm still drowsy lol i'm crazy . 
last night was awesome ! Fireworks , then Dungeons and Dragons all nighter with < PROPMALE > , CJ , and Ebby :) Tonight was fun too . Fhe at the hartmans pool ! 
yesterday was awesome . Woke up at 6 worked out for half and hour , had breakfast , then I had personal study time for two hours . @ 10:30 I got picked up by the missionaries and went to lessons with them till 9:00 . Also got to go to a babtism :) 
Afterwards , < PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > , CJ , and < PROPFIRST > beamont and we watched \ 
knight and day . then stayed in the parking lot of the theatre talking \ 
till about 1 . Didn't go to sleep till 2 and now i'm awake and about to \ 
go to the beach party . whooo for lack of sleep !!! 
got called spiderman last night by the popo . It was hilarious :) 
Why do I like climbing trees so much ? 
Does anyone know someone who would let me borrow a violin ? Or just someone who has one that might ? 
Ugh , totally just corrupted my ff12 data that I had put in over 124 hours into ... 
\grunion hunting\ " was fun last night :) " 
Totally did a cart wheel in the middle of the PCH last night . :) Bucket list #25 check lol 
I need a ride to the < PROPFEMALE > ! :( 
who wants to help me break in my new drivers permit before or after institute tonight ? 
F my life . I was an idiot signing up for my classes . Everyday I have a morning class ... no sleeping in for me :( 
1st week of classes done oh yeah ! only 15 more to go , and i'm already tired :\\ lol . At least I have a new VIOLIN to get me through it :D :D all thanks to my beautiful and most amazing mother ! <3 you mom ! 
Is listening to the instrumental version of < PROPFIRST > Smith's First Prayer . Pretty amazing and relaxing . :) 
I finished reading the book of Mormon this morning for the first time . 
went hiking yesterday for a few hours and got a nice sunburn :) and also a bad headache :( After wards went to dinner at Pho Saigon a vietnamese restaurant with Indy . 
Aaahhhhhh , who ever thought it was a good idea to have priesthood meeting at 7 in the morning was crazy ! Only high school students should get up at 6 in the morning to go to church lol . 
Whoever said I wasn't part of the animal kingdom ? 
Dude i'm totally stoked ! Going to Utah for General Conference XD and i'm taking Indy with me :D 
Only a few more hours till I leave for Utah ! :D 
Conference was AMAZING ! Such a spiritual high ! Just got home so it's time for a very long nap ... like 12 hours ? lol 
Wants to go to BYU Hawaii ! 
Hey everyone my new profile pic is of me and Indy my girlfriend :) 
Had an awesome day yesterday . Played hooky so I could go hike to the punch bowls with Indy . We didn't make it before nightfall but we had a great time ! :) 
went to sleep at 5 P.M woke up at 4:30 A.m. Lovely freezing cold day today ... 
why can't you search people by name anymore ?! 
Get's Ordained a Priest today at church :D 
Misses BYU :( 
Just got back from field trip to Anacapa Island :D It was amazing ! I'll post pictures after I warm my bones with a dip in the hot tub :) 
hmmm , Thanksgiving tomorrow ? Why not I could eat . 
Who wants to go Hike the punch bowls sometime this week with me ? 
How is it that One can know the answer to a math problem ... how the equation is set up and STILL not know how to freaking solve it !!!!! 
Singed my leg hairs tonight jumping through flames :D 
ugh , stupid hackers 
Seriously need to go hiking ! 
Who wants to spend new years with me ? and who CAN spend new years with me and who will ? 
Yay , new semester just started ! I'm in chemistry , Oceanography , and Escrima . My chem teacher is Russian O.o slightly hard to understand his accent :\\ 
Why are missionaries so elusive after they go home ? 
Dang , Had a crazy night in my escrima class ! We had a workshop by R.A.W Power . It was intense . Got to feel what it was like to be in a real fight . My head hurts from all the adrenaline . It was a really good experience ! 
sssssssooooooooooooooo Bored !! 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Umm , Happy Valentines day ? I guess lol 
I miss BYU :( 
I SO totally caught a Mew today on the yellow version of Pokemon :D 
Thinks he might be drowning on dry land . 
Wow ... I turn 21 in 20 days ... I don't know how I feel about that . 
I need suggestions on what I should do for my 21st birthday . 
( Rephrased ) I need GOOD suggestion for what to do on my 21st Birthday !!! 
We really need to go hiking today ! 
ugh , why must I go to Chemistry when I am still sick :( 
hahahaha , 7 birthday wishes and the sun isn't even fully up yet lol :D Thanks guys ... hopefully this sickness won't ruin the day for me :( 
you know what I want for my birthday ? I want to go hiking ! Is that SO much to ask ? 
Why is Playstation Network dead ?! :( 
Why are some people so pathetic that they will get upset over a situation that they caused to happen ?! 
Umm , I work at Mc Donalds now ... yay ? 
Wow , what a nice surprise I actually earned an A in Chemistry . :D 
You know ... I don't think a wounded heart ever fully heals . 
Saw X-men first class yesterday . It was awesome ! 
Am I the only one who thinks Mormons get married WAY too quickly for our own good ? 
I think I'm addicted to my dreams O.o 
who wants to go to the hotsprings during the night sometime soon ? 
sooooo , any other crazy peeps want to learn how to Parkour with me ? 
Okay people , my phone number is 805-302-4725 text or call if you would like to parkour it up today ! 
< PROPMALE > E ' Cheese ? MUCH more fun when you could still fit in the tubes and everyone around you didn't come up to your waist . 
Beach , beach ..... BEEEEAAAACCCCHHHHH !!!! 
I had a crazy dream last night ... Aliens were abducting all the old people o.O 
Does anybody know how to start a game over on facebook ?! 
Holy Craaaap !!! I finally got my social security card replacement now I can actually work at the job I've had for 2 months !!! :D 
stupid phone stopped working on me :( 
