You see my pen ? Goooooood , now cover me Im bout to go in !!!! 

Annnnnnnnnnnnnd done and done . I have my work cut out for me tomorrow so I wont go all out tonight 
Im alittle tired I should catch some zzz's rite quick and reinvigorate my innards . Call me if its important but Id much appreciate a text instead 
But thats none of your business . How I handle sentences . Who you think you kiddin miss ? I know what your mission is ... 2 and 1/2 kids in front of a picket fence . Braggin to your dames while frontin with wicked tents . I aint splitting anything , Im so sky high . I aint cutting anybody slices outta my pie 
Demo Version 5.0 is almost complete and not a moment too soon 
Fingers crossed hoping this new windows service pack doesnt destroy my pro tools setup .... 
Curse my boyish looks and charm . Last night Im like yall were born in the early nineties ? So that makes you ....? Homie next to me was like , \Old enough !!! Stop asking these broads questions like they committed a crime . \ " And I didnt even know this dude and he was creepin near my hen house had to hit em with the stone face no blink look for a solid 15 seconds " 
I find it amazing and hilarious that without hippies , new age stuff , heavy drugs like acid , lsd and the likes there would be no Apple computers , no organic food movement and a buncha other ish prevalent today ( especially concerning electronics . ) Even more amusing is that these burn out hippies are the captains of industry . Oh what , Oh what I pray thee tell am I doing wrong ? 
Ok heres something I bet ya didnt know . The father of the modern computer ( something Turling ) died by suicide ( eating a poisoned apple ) cause he was gay and the boys arrested him ( bigots ) and tried to chemically castrate him with female hormones . So is that why Apple had a rainbow colored apple with a bite in it as the logo ? Or does it have something to do with < PROPMALE > and his apple ? Or < PROPFIRST > and his apple incident ? 
Whoa whoa whoa , my last updates got me looking too smart . Music people say thats not good for the image soooooo ummmm lemme see . Im bout to get it crunk , twist up the finest < PROPMALE > , blah blah blah , go clubbing ..... slaying with no rubbers .... buy out the bar .... designer clothes and uhhhhh eff them nukkas over there ... no not the ones over here but those guys over there ... yea , them 
Just finished another track , sorta like it , gotta wait til I get it back to see how much I'll really like it though .... Im impatient . 
Guess I'll take some time off from music to get my nerd on and play Dragon Age 2 . A well deserved break , its hard on me to remain witty , comical and creative all the time .... no really you're brain literally burns potassium for clear thinking therefore Im prolly burnin mine up at a much higher rate . ( Another useless fact provided by yours truly ) 
But no matter how many fish in the sea\ 
It'd be so empty , without me 
Damn it ! You're doing it , doing what you doing . You're doing it to me , I picture you doing it to me like ugggggggggh . Damn it ! You're doing it , you and your friends and next weekend if you're lucky we can do it again 
Im the last guy to keep the Wise guys code alive . If I can't live by my word then I'd much rather die . No no don't thank me , this is just how my suit is stitched . I'm cut from a different cloth , I'm just who the shoe fits 
Alittle late but I finally watched that < PROPFIRST > Sheen interview and homies far from crazy . A victim of his lifestyle , maybe . Crazy , definately not . Apparently wearing meat dresses makes you some sort of deep genius where as partying with your wealth makes you crazy ? Word ? Lol dont let the media start telling you whats right or wrong 
I really really hope it isnt true but RIP Nate Dogg ... I'll head out and pour alittle out for ya 
Now all I need is an image to go with the name baby . Wife beaters and white t-shirts , Hanes mainly . Its a long shot but is it possible ? Theres a < PROPFIRST > maybe . If not he's gonna have to come and change the whole game , aint he ? 
Fucks with < PROPFIRST > Glover . Would love to do a joint with him ... and hopefully get an intro to his costars . Needless to say I'm watchin the Woodies and hopin I can win one in my early music ventures ... wishful thinkin , I know 
Lmao at that sun drop commercial . If I was sittin in the whip and some random < PROPFEMALE > starts backin that ass up and droppin it like its hot then u kno my crazy ass is getting out , postin a wall and lettin her grind on the kid . 
Yup , its bout that time to call it a night 
You can alway expect to pay 3 to 4 times the going rate for anything in NY .... Concrete jungle where dreams are made lol rooooooooiiiiiight . If you dont live here consider yourself lucky .... that goes for you upstaters too 
Ewwww why do all these r&b cats want to rap ? If I could sing Id much rather do that especially if I had a talent for it . Cmon Breezy and Trigga stick to what you do best 
Gotta go scoop nukkas and they're not even sure where they're at . I'll just enjoy the drive . Btw the < PROPFEMALE > looks awesome right now 
Nom nom nom nom this MceeDees is hittin the spot right now though and on that note Im signing off . Have a good day and a pleasant tomorrow 
Hahaha Bioware ... FAIL . I play DA2 and was not impressed . I play < PROPFEMALE > Empire which is a 6 yr old game and it shits all over your new release lmao . No bueno 
I just heard a beat I think Im gonna yap . Wheres my pirate hat ? Ahhhh , here it is . \Goon mode sequence has been initiaed .... Goon mode activated ..... Goon mode engaged \"" 
This is how wild and comedic my everyday thoughts are .... When I heard that at&t bought tmobile I couldnt help but think of a tmobile commercial where the chick is doggin nerdy old man at&t and at the end he solicits her for prostitution lmao , I should film skits I swear 
9 and a 1/2 weeks is better than 12 steps .... 
I've heard loose lips sink ships but uhhhhh I'm bout to hit the after hours spot so come chill wit ya boy 
Fact : People expect out of others exactly what they know damn well they dont expect of themselves\ 
\ 
Fact 2 : Will expects out of others exactly what he knows good God damn well he would do himself .... the best action with the highest regard of all concerned in the matter\ 
Please take a note of this for future reference ... Im not your average ... I guess you could say I act religiously all the time without the religion part 
Oooo so I guess that pretty much foreshadows a new song , doesnt it ? 
... Its stronger than , heroin\ 
When you can look in the mirror like \There I am\ " \ 
Hahaha I love logic ... it tends to crush emotions , ignorance , lies and manipulation .... Just the facts over here . Im bout to go on my rain man though , light some candles , let the incense burn , crack the door to let God in the room and then do my automatic writing thing til I get another song .... so dont call or text for a bit 
I couldnt help but watch limitless and think to myself sooooo a fictional wonder drug in this movie makes cats over analyze shit and think like me . I had to laugh for a second but it helps my perspective I guess 
Cause sometimes you feel tired , feel weak and when you feel weak , you feel like you wanna just give up . But you gotta search within you , you gotta find that inner strength and just pull that shit out of you and get that motivation to not give up and not be a quitter , no matter how bad you wanna just fall flat on your face and collapse . ~ Em ~ 
