Happy New Year Everyone ! 

So , I'm in Plaza Mexico and there is a DJ playing music , let me be the first two announce that they have already made \We N Speak No Americano\ " into a Cumbia ! Fingers crossed for the Banda version lol ! " 
Last night in my bed = ( I do miss the dorm but I feeling pretty sad that I'm leaving home ... 
Is in it stange how you can have 30 mutual friends with someone yet you have never seen them before in your life . Nothing against them you just never met . 
There was a smudge on my computer screen . I took it off but now there is a finger stain of it . 
Turned on her computer to start her homework 2 hours ago and still hasn't started . 
Holy crap ! Its Thursday . NBC ! No I missed < PROPFIRST > Black on community ! 
Yes . I got a free trail STARZ . Best kinds of STARZ , because they're no HBO ! 
What's tragic about Hamlet is that I though I ws done with him ! 
I was thinking so deeply that I just noticed I was listening to music ! 
I spend the long time cleaning this white spot on my screen . Turns out its just my desktop image . 
just finished writing a thesis for the Hamlet essay . And feels accomplished . She not proud of the thesis but at least she got it done . 
Wooo ! finished my Hamlet essay ! Well most of it ! 
This thunders is pumping me up to finish my work !!! 
Teachers , assigning loads of work and impossible due dates is how generations of caffeine addicts are born ! 
is about to start this useless assigment for Ms. < PROPFIRST > 
You know your either young/naive when you don't know that many of your favorite songs are covers of much olders and somtimes better artists . 
I just completed the Fafsa ! yes ! 
Cheech and Chongo singing \Mexican Americans\ " on the Lopez Tonight Show --- AHHHHH ! Favorite song ! love it love it love it ! Watch ! " 
I had to address an envelope . It was challenging I had to google it .... That says so much about our generation ! 
is pissed !!! I'm so tired of these incompetent teachers who walk around with their heads so far up their ass they can't see what idiot they look like teaching ... the ones that stupidly nod when they don't understand and giggle when they are made fun off .... DUMBASSS ! 
is calm and mellow ! Thank goodness for writing or I would have to express my emotions physically ! I'm smiling again ! 
I think its funny that during the republican Union adress they tried to squeez in minorities into the camera and the hide off the \classic ' politicians ... Politics at its best ! " 
To much to do ... probably wont get to watch thurday nights on NBC . ) = TINAAAA !!!! No one tell me what happens ... I'll dedicate my saturday making up for lost episodes ... 
as a request : Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete , etc . ) you have been told you look like for the week ... lets keep the fun going ... post this to your profile and message your friends with it its for this thing 
< PROPFEMALE > Silverman and DEMETRI < PROPFIRST > are back this Thursday ! YES !!! 
So I recently saw \Avatar \"--- (I know I'm a little late ) would just like to applaud the marketing campaign for selling us a movie we already saw ... erhmm ... pocahontas .... given the animation was much better and the ending was happier " 
finally finished with this stupid presentation ! 
So ... I didn't want to say it in class ... but after I did my presentation and ppl started clapping I instinctively clapped for myself . I am not a narcissist just a moron ! 
Forget it ... I have more to study but I'm going to bed ... as I always say , \I'll do it on the bus ride there . \"" 
So I'm screwed for tomorrows finals ! How am I suppose to learn all of this in one day ! ) = 
My doppelganger week is over but I had so much fun with my picture ... I think I'll keep her up just a little longer .... 
is trying to do 80 things at the same time but can't get a single thing done ... 
Oh crap I forgot it was Thursday ! Damn that Monday off got me out of sync ! No I missed thursdays on NBC ! ( Well part of it ) 
Does anyone know out of how many people our senior ranking was ? 
FML .... The most amazing comdian my hero , was standing a block away from where I live and I missed him .... wahhh !!!! If you saw important things with Demetri Martin -- ability episode he was standing right on national and mentone on one of his sketches ... aww I was just a block away ... he was so close ... omg .... maybe its for the best he may have thought I was creepy ! 
placed a bid on ebay but found a cheaper one as I scrolled ... fml ... ebay doesn't let you withdraw bids ... 
BIT People --- Corprate day is tomorrow so wear your ties and dressy shirts ... Look good ! No short , sock and flips ! 
I need some advice . Help me ! I need to buy a camera for photo class . I won one on Ebay for $50 but with shipping it will be $80 and I won another one on shopgoodwill for $10 . It seems like a no brainer but the one on Ebay is perfectly funtional , everything works but the $10 is not tested and whether is works is unknown . What should I do ? * Should I pay for both ? * Should I just buy one ? Which one ? 
is currently wresting with a slinky ... part of the duties of a big sister is untangling F-ed up slinkys ... 
I just paid for my camera ... by wallet hurts ... : ( 
< PROPFEMALE>'s having her baby this thursday !!! And Zach Galafanakis is on SNL !! I'm such loser ! Only few people get excited about things like this ! 
A crap I need words for my P.D !! 
Help me out you guys ! Where should the BIT logo be placed on a sweatshirt ? In the front left corner or the back ? Large or small ? 
Happy Pi day everbody ! I wish for you all to celebrate responsibly ! 
The financial literacy class is this Saturday for all of those pursuing the < PROPFEMALE > Seal from BIT this is a requierment . It is from 9am TO 1pm . To register ask a BIT teacher or go directly to Ms. < PROPFIRST > in rm . T215 . If you have question you can ask me or ask a BIT teacher . 
Allowing people to anonymously ask you any random questions can not end well . Its like giving people permission to bitch-slap you with-out strings attached errhmmm ... * formspring * Although I do laugh at some of the stupid questions ppl ask . 
Its normal to talk to yourself but I've noticed that I include angry hand gestures and face when I do it ... I have reached \a whole notha levol\ " of crazy " 
I have to start my homework but I keep making up things I should do instead ... Saddest part is I have been doing this for about a week so far ... See I am doing it now .... I could be doing it now but ... 
The Health care < PROPMALE > just passed ! This is something Fractors is defenitly going to talk about .... So be ready people .... 
I got into UCSB but I don't know how to ride a bike .... that's going to be an issue 
Just wondering ... Is anyone considering UCSB as a possibility ? 
If 40 is the new 20 then by my calulations I must be a fetus ... 
I don't want to back to High School my heads already in college !! : ( 
wtf !! 
Perfect weather to describe how we feel about going back to school ! 
Laptop key popped off ! I wanna cry ! 
How lucky can a < PROPFEMALE > be if you found it abandoned on the floor and stepped on ... It's not a lucky < PROPFEMALE > at all ... 
My head hurts from talking so much ... My feet hurt from walking .... And now I'm locked out of my house ... Great 
= ( 
Thank you to everyone who participated and donated to the Denim Day organization . Day one of our rally was a success but please remember that we will still be spray painting and selling buttons Tuesday and Wednesday . 
Denim Day is officially tomorrow ! Remember to wear your Jeans and White shirt to show your support also ... come to the covered area during lunch and let me spray paint your : Shirt , Jeans , Backpack , Bandana , or anything else .... There is room for creativity ; ) Buttons and pencils are still available --- All proceeds go to the Dollars for Denim Fondation Join us lets make a Social Statement with our Fashion Statement ! 
Rape and Sexual Assault is not funny yet people still maintain ignorant views on the subject . Stand up and Educated the Ignorant join me tomorrow in Rm . 504 where we will have a peaceful protest . If you are interested comment ur approval please ! Stand for a cause ! 
Last time reminder ! Tomorrow is Denim Day wear ur white t-shirts and jeans ... Also make sure to get them spray painted near the covered area ! 
Lucy -- \ You always walk really fast like you have something important to do .... but I know you just have to go pee . \"" 
I saw a dog pissing on a < PROPMALE > Poizner campaign ad . Right on little dog ! 
Please spread the word and please join us at 3:30 in front of Feinstein's office . Today is the day . We cannot let Arizona be the standard and we are calling on Feinstein to take action . If you are in the Los < PROPFEMALE > area join us at 11111 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Boulevard Los < PROPFEMALE > , CA 90025-3343 to make sure the rest of the country knows that we will not stand for this . 
Wahoo ! I passed the Impossible test ! 
Did I miss Christmas ... Because there is a lot of gift giving going on 
is sick .... 
Is waiting for the Nyquil to kick in 
Sad ... I couldn't make it to this years MAYDAY in LA 
Sweatshirts and T-shirts go on SALE TOMORROW ! \ 
Meet me in front of the T-building during Lunch and place your order ... Sweatshirts-$35 and T-shirts-$18\ 
Let everyone know your a \ Billionaire In Training \"" 
The < PROPMALE > Poizner/Meg Whitman ads are doing the opposite of what they are intended to ! I actually want a liberal Governor ! Stop pining the tail on the liberal ! 
I notice that most people are online of FB around 8-9 ... concidentally I believe it is most of us have homework to do ... I know that the case for me ! 
I have to get this stupid annotated done ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Clause has December but < PROPFEMALE > Cooper has June \ School's ( almost ) Out Forever !! \"" 
Having trouble with my annotated can anyone in Felcher's help me ? PLZ ? 
YES ! Finally I finish a Felcher assigment before bed time . Not my best but I finished ! YES ! 
Senior week ! WTF is this ? 
Dear Awsome people , \ 
As much as I would agree , your ego is not big enough for this browser . 
AH ! Googel Pac Man !! 
ugh ! I got a sunburn on my nose I look like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... : ( 
Im cleaning my room ... So what the hell am I suppose to do with all these college brouchers ? 
Totally bs-ed my grad speech .... I really don't want to do it . 
Ughh ! The finacial aid office has kept me on hold for the past 15 mins . 
You know your ghetto if you save your yogurtland spoon to use as a salsa spoon ... Like I just did ! 
I'm cleaning my bathroom and I spent 5mins scrubbing soap scum only to discover it was a reflection of the light . 
Smh this ... Smh that ... Idk but it sounds like the people on FB have a lice epidemic on their hands ... 
Two more pages .... ughh .... 
Dammit ! I took a break now I lost momentum ! 
So who else wants to do me a favor and review my essay ? 
You know it's summer when ppl are bouncing off red balls --- Wipeout ! 
What why are they getting rid of the freecreditreport.com band .... and why is this upsetting me so much ! 
Hey BIT People , if bit were to host an end of the year party would you come ? Be honest . 
I finally stopped crying ... damn onions ! 
Dear god , lets this battery last me the night ! 
Why is facebook suggesting people I have no friends in common with ? 
Earthquake !? 
When I have work to be done I always goof around on the internet but now that I am free idk what to do with myself ! 
Hmmm .... for UC you are required to take a laguage or pass the A.P exam in all languages except Chinese ... I wonder why that is .. 
I am looking at the classes I might have to take next year .... OMG .... Can I leave right NOW ! I can't wait ! 
If its called \America's got Talent\ " why are two British people judging it ? " 
< PROPMALE > Fransico is coming to LA but FML I'm still not 18 ... Ugghh ! 
I just woke up from gradnite ! I'm still pretty pissed off ! I don't understand why I am still suprised by any of the crap Hamilton does ! 
Toy Story 1+2 on ABC Family Yes !! 
Earthquake ! 
Someone is playing the harmonica outside my home ... hmmm ... Okay ? I didn't realize < PROPFIRST > Popper was my neighbor ! 
< PROPFEMALE > why are you wearing your Mexico shirt ? You know their going lose ! \ 
\ 
2-0 --- that's why fuckers ! 
Just ate at Campos ... Yuck .... < PROPFEMALE > Montag is more authentic then this place . 
Goodbye routine this is the last time ! 
Graduations here .... so I thinks its appropriate to befriend my teachers through facebook ... 
Senior picnic was a disaster , Gradnite was crap , the cap and gowns are cheap , and the panaroma picture looks like something I've sneezed out ... The acutal graduation better be great but the bar is pretty low as it is . 
So what am I suppose to do with my cap and gown now ? Hmmm ..... Holloween costume .... ooooo the ghost of LAUSD .... oooo .... 
Yay ! Futurama is back ! 
Yes ! The Waterboy is on ! At least here I know the underdog wins !!! 
My little brother sat on my bed and ate a bag of Takis ... When he left there were some mysterious red colored finger-shaped stains ... and finally I realized ... I've been using my bed sheets all wrong ... they're napkins !!! Damn ! 
For those who had to take the placement test for the UC have you gotten your results ? 
I found a box with my old Halloween costumes from elementary school ... me and my brother are playing dress up ... Awsome ! 
Happy fourth of July everyone ! 
The cheap mood ring made my SKIN green ... What does that say about my mood ? Hhmm .... 
Had our parents not worn so much hairspray in the 80s it wouldn't be rainning in July ! WTF ! 
Former Slaughter students : have you noticed that the movie Dinner for shmucks is the same as the movie < PROPFEMALE > dinner de con that Slaughter should us ? 
I wish I had live in the 60s .... people seemed to care more ..... female vocalist sang about important issue or at least about the cliched love .... where is our generation going when our women sing about brushing their teeth with a bottle of < PROPFIRST > .... : ( 
I found I website that sells funny t-shirt and I stumble on to there holiday clothing section and to my surprise they have a Cinco de Mayo section . What was more \suprising\ " was all the t-shirt had the Corona and Tecate beer logo on them ... A salute to you < PROPFEMALE > for making other peoples holidays into drinking exuse ... thank you ! " 
Finshed watching Cabin Fever ! I love < PROPMALE > Roth , that ending was hilarious !! 
Hey for any of you going to summer school at Hamilton do you know if the counslers offices are open ? 
Prop 8 has been overturned finally someone woke up to realize the state has no godamn business deciding who you marry ! 
I hate being put on hold when you have to go to the bathroom ! Doing my dance ! 
Another < PROPFIRST > Ass movie ??? Well , I hope the health care < PROPMALE > covers groin trauma . 
Finally done with SPOP(Orientation) !! Exhasted ! 
How boring am I ? When everybody else is dreaming about flying or appearing naked in front of large audiences ... i dreamt about watching Ice-T's and < PROPFIRST > Heders E ! True Hollywood stories ... I'm even a couch potato in my dreams ... 
Way better than SPOP ... I love SMLI ... I had so much fun and it really helped me feel more like an Anteater !!! It really open the doors as well as my eyes to the possiblities ! Zot ! Zot ! 
Avatar in theaters again ? Is there anyway you can make you hunger for money even more transparent ? I mean really ? 
I'm going over these < PROPFEMALE > applications .... and the only way they would forgive my debt is if I die or teach public school ... I'm sorry but they both sound pretty scary ... 
Good luck to all the new matadors ( CSUN's mascot ) today ! I hope your first day goes well ! 
Televised beauty pageant ... just an excuse to talk crap about the women on the other side of the screen . Hahaha ! 
Good luck to everyone starting school today ! I wish you guys all the best !!! 
A little over 100 dollars in books , not to bad compared to the other < PROPFIRST > I've seen but I still had a mini heart attack . But damn , as pricey is it may seem some of these books are interseting . I'm going to learn a lot this quarter !! 
Middle Earth ! 
I was playing with with google logo for so long that I forgot what I was suppose to google .... 
I have one more week left . I'm getting nervous . I really hope I made the right decision . 
Watching Futurama and the keep saying Anteater --- It's just making me excited ! 
Done with the Encheiridion . Now I have to read the discourses but I think I'll put that off for a little bit . 
is being a college student . She is loving UCI ! Also she speaks in third person . 
Convication ... I hope I don't fall asleep ! 
Is trying the break a world record ! 
All the UCI peeps need to get down the Bren event Center ASAP ! 
We did it mudda fuckas ! 
Just finished playing glow in the dark tag . I love middle earth . 
To hot to do anything ! 
Hot ! I have to break out the shorts ! 
Yeah ! I'm really just sitting liking random stuff .... because I'm sure your all interested in knowing what I like ! 
Is getting tired of pippin . 
Back from Humcore discusion . Yuck ! I really miss Felcher ! 
Sitting in Aldrich Park ! 
I was reading the Emergency procedures list in my dorm and one of them is in case of \ radioactive contamination/spill\ " WTF do they think I'm going to be doing in here ? " 
I was so focused on my work ... when I looked away from my computer screen I was expecting to see my room back home but then I realized I'm still in this dorm room .... Don't get me wrong I love it but its still strange . 
Its call a STUDY ROOM not a Skype room not a socialize room .... I don't go in there to here your akward conversation online so please STFU ! 
OMG ! I just cheated on Facebook . I went on Myspace .... 
Damn ! I have lecture in an hour and an essay due . Why can't I hide in my bed for the rest of the day ! * Sigh * 
I'm a chicana . 
Back in LA for the weekend ! 
On my way back to school and I hate the feeling because I know I forgot something ... 
My neck is starting to hurt I've been looking over my shoulder to much ... Damn assassins ! 
Listening to my mom's cumbias lets me feel less homesick ! Its not too bad though .... 
At < PROPFIRST > ! Why I'm still awake I have to get up early tomorrow . By the end of Freshman year the bags under my eyes will be up to my cheeks ! 
Damn why did I have that rock < PROPFEMALE > last night I couldn't get any sleep ... I'm going to be running on empty today ... FML .... R ! 
I love this weather .... aww ... the sound of thunder !! 
Damn , every time I walk through Aldrich park I feel really lucky to be on this campus ! I love UCI ! 
Oh Jesus ?! I'm going to fail my Humcore midterm .... 
I swear this Humanites Book is a face magnet .... as soon as I crack it open it becomes my pillow and I'm out .... ZZzzzzzzz ....... 
I'm no creeper but I can see the parade begin from my window .... the parade of people coming back from the their weekends home .... 
I <3 Woodhall ! 
My number 3 has been fixed ! And I'm so happy ! Thank you ! 
Studying + sick = : ( \ 
These pills aren't helping , they're making me paranoid I can see and feel my bed breathing ! O_0 
I <3 my roomate Juhi Israni because she made me tea !!! 
I just finished with Midterms ... but so far I've only learned that I got to get my life more organized and focused if I plan on staying here ! 
So proud ! I love my hall ! I feel bad I couldn't see it but I knew we would come out winners ! 
hmmm .... now how do I write this humcore essay .... 
Crap now that I think about it I think I may have misspelled the name < PROPMALE > on my Humcore midterm ... now she is really going to know that I wasn't paying close attention to the reading ... >_< 
snacking on my mom's tamales !! YES ! 
Día de los muertos at UCI ! Que hermoso !!! 
Is home for the weekend thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Baltazar !!! Thank you !! 
Damn my enrollment window doesn't open until Dec . 1st I should have taken more A.P and College classes .... = ( I hope that I can still get the classes that I want ... \ 
= (((( 
Yes ! Finally I get to watch Co-Co ! 
Finally , I get to go the Alley ! I love LA ! 
NOOO ! I missed 30 rock ... ah ... at least I'm catching The Office ! 
Is at Shakey's .... yuck ! I rather be at pippin ! 
ahhh ! This essay is stressing me out its been days and I still don't have a thesis !!! 
= ( I'm rereading my scrapbook from senior year .... and God damn .... I just realized how much I miss everyone from Hamilton !!! I miss you guys ... I miss those days ! 
Housing ... This is crap !! 
Really ? How many times do I have to log in ? 
why is this site such a tease ... why would you ask me to login and then take me to the Gateway only to not open the page .... really ? 
I bet God's serve is pretty full too because everyone is praying to God this works ! Lol ! I have to laugh or else I'll start crying .... ugh .... 
I have been able to udpate my status 4 .... 5 times .... in the last 45 mins .... yet my other tabs are still \loading\ " Bullshit !! " 
DIOS MIO !! ---- ( When I randomly start speaking Spanish you know I'm getting angry !! ) 
I'm might as well get dressed because it doesn't look like I'm going back to bed anytime soon ... 
do you hear that ambulance ? Somebody just killed themselves because they couldn't get their housing app through .... I'm thinking about following ... this is still crap !! 
ughh !! Finally ! I'm done ! 
I got my package yay !! Let's do the time warp again !! 
Now to do this tedious discovery task ... Damn humcore ! 
Despite being at UCI , < PROPFEMALE > Baltazar has just noticed that I've have only ever had two Asians in my dorm room ... strange ... 
So I'm writing for Humcore and instead of writing < PROPFIRST > ... I keep typing Jose ... I guess that's what I get for getting all my biblical information from that Univision special they have about Jesus every Christmas .... haha ! 
Is sleeping under the stars tonight ... and every night for that matter ! 
FML .... I forgot my prof . name ... well I guess I missed that question on the test .... 
I should get started on this essay now ... = ( 
Silly Freshman !! Every time I write out a header for a paper I type \Period : ... \ " after my name and I sit there trying to remember what period I have that class in ... I'm so dumb .... haha ! " 
I'm incredibly sad right now .... I feel like shit .... < PROPFEMALE > Baltazar , PORQUE !!! 
Finally in LA ! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
The idea of Christmas is just making me feel homesick and I haven't even left yet ... = ( 
Undeclared marathon on IFC .... yeeeeeeaaaah ! I love Judd Apatow !! 
This quarter just needs to end .... right now !! I'm tired ! = ( 
It beginning to feel a lot like Christmas Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Jimenez ! Steph Juhi and I just want to say thanks !! = ) 
Me duele mi cabeza ! 
Of course you \lost contact with the system\ " Webreg ... let's put a < PROPFEMALE > over this hot steaming turd I call a week shall we ? " 
\Sorry 
Am I retarded or was that an earthquake ? 
If I was on the verge of jumping off the roof on Monday , today Webreg is giving me that extra push .... F-M-L !!! 
Toning it down but still pretty angry ! 
Last official class of the quarter yay ! Until Finals booo ! 
Why the hell is overtype even an option on Word Documents ... It just ends up eating my letters .... 
Alert : RANDOM CREEPER in Woodhall ! 
I should be studying for finals but people profile pix just made me want to watch a couple episodes of < PROPMALE > ! Awesome ! 
Yum ! Left-over cheesecake from the cheesecake factory ! num num num num num ! 
Juhi Israni : \I'm so smart . Oh . I'm not bragging . \"" 
I never wanted to be like those people that sat in front of their computer and put down everything their into on their profile but anything to not study for finals ! 
WTF is that smell ... ewww .... I think its coming from pippin ! 
Your car is Japanese . Your beer is < PROPMALE > . Your wine is Spanish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Colombian . Your tea is Chinese . Your watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your shirt is Indian . Your shoes are Thai . Your radio is Korean . Your vodka is Russian . And then you complain : your neighbor is an immigrant ? Pull yourself ... together ! Copy and post to support the Dream Act . PASS the DREAM Act NOW ! 
Some mute D-bag keeps calling me from a blocked number .... either you call me and talk to me or you DON'T! Phones are for talking Dumbf*ck ! 
Damn , < PROPFEMALE > Preciado and < PROPFEMALE > Baltazar , I wish I knew who those beautiful elves where that left me those presents so I can say thank you .... Oh well .... happy holidays ... = ) 
Procrastination , your my only partner in this all nighter ... 
It nice watching the sunrise over the UCI campus , you know what would be nicer ? if I was sleeping instead ... 
So I write like a doctor ... I'm rereading my notes and I can't understand what they say ... great ! 
finally I'm in my very own bed ---- In LA !! 
So , I'm on the bus driving by Venice ... I hadn't noticed how different this place really is . Don't get me wrong , I love UCI but nothing compares to LA ! The atmosphere , the way people dress , the way they talk ... it's so bizarre and beautiful . We are different and it's amazing ! Everything here is so free and relaxed ! I can't picture myself living anywhere else ! I love you LA ! 
Hehehe ! Every time I sit near the dinosaur fountains on third st. In < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > a tourist ask me to take there picture ! 
Gift wrapping ! One of my favorite Christmas activities , except for the oddly shaped ones , those are tricky ... Especially because I already tore a hole in one .... dammit ! 
Dear Santa , \ 
All I want for Christmas are my course books for winter quarter ... = ) 
Well , I had an average quarter ( grade wise) ! I'm happy I didn't flunk out but there are so many things I wish I had done differently , next quarter I need to get organized . 
So , I gave my dad my Christmas wish list , ( my books for next quarter , yeah I was being serious ) and he sat there trying to find my grammatical errors ... what the hell Dad ... Its the first grade all over again ! 
Watching one of my favorites Superbad ! < PROPMALE > Rogen <3 . I can't wait for the Green Hornet ! 
Date Movie ! Yes its one of the crappier parody movies buts still pretty funny ... also take note on how most of my status now a days involve television ! Because that's all I've been doing on my break and I couldn't be happier ! 
Oooh ! Perfect \ghost story\ " weather ! " 
Rainbow ! Neat . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone I hope your having a wonderful time with your families ! 
Fantastic ! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is going to be at the Irvine improv when I'm not in Irvine ! In the four year that I have to be there he better come back and do a show ! I really want to see him ! 
My roommate Juhi Israni got yelled at by those guys giving campus tours for leaving the tour . He thought she was still in high school . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! 
I have question ... when you login into facebook do you scroll down and ready all the status that you have not seen yet ... my roommate tends to think that it's stupid that I am the only one that does this . Is this true ? Please help me prove my roommate , Juhi Israni wrong . 
My friends status just made me realize what I miss about high school . I miss those random people that would walk around selling kool-aid gummy words like it was a drug deal ! 
One of my favorite things to do is eat burritos out of foil ... So ya I'm having a good time . = ) 
How am I suppose to get any shit done when the internet is being a difficult the only < PROPFEMALE > that is functioning is Facebook . Its like life wants me to fail . 
Finally ! 
Stressed ! I'm taking a ten minute tetris break ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Baltazar is awesome :D she is my idol . 
Damn ! Its 10 and I am just starting on this essay .... it going to be a long night 
Juhi Israni and I just took a personality quiz and her results told her she that she is a negative person .... hahahahaha ! 
Done with my essay and my blog ... it feels good not to have things done ahead of time .... hmmm maybe procrastination isn't always the answer .... lets see what else I can get done ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Preciado and < PROPFEMALE > Baltazar are sharing pills .... will no one stop the madness ! 
Whoa ! That break was only suppose to last 10 mins its been an hour ... crap ! 
I am so tired I don't think I'll able to stay awake in lecture .... 
Ouch ! I can't hold a pen right after that midterm .... pain ... 
Juhi Israni is being cheap .... she wants to take the mints from pippin and give them out as Valentines .... 
God ! I'm getting that urge to go to the LA alleys again .... 
Oh yeah ! Got a GTL poster ! To bad I don't G or T .... 
Word of wisdom by < PROPMALE > Garcia : \I wish I was a little lighter some times .... \ 
This is such balls I thought I did better than I did on that midterms ... I'm crossing my fingers hoping she is dyslexic because the < PROPFIRST > for that score have to be in the wrong order . 
I <3 this weather !! I do ! I do ! I do ! I do ooo ! 
Juhi Israni is the bestest at taking post tests ! 
THUNDER ! I love it !! 
I smell something sweet ! I want some Horchata ... but I don't think I can get that anywhere in Irvine . 
..... Midterm .... 
SOP kid finally out of my hair ... Thank goodness ! 
Stuck pixel on my Iphone .... awww ! How do I fix this ? 
I love the rain but I got my chues wet ... 
Almost fell asleep watching the exorcist with < PROPFEMALE > Preciado ..... I'm sorry Jai Davé but that was so boring ... 
I helped < PROPFEMALE > Preciado and now I feel accomplished ! Yay ! 
Why won't this quarter just end ! I see the finish line but I'm just tired of this routine ... 
Apparently , people are camping out in front of subway for their give away tomorrow . That , ladies and gentlemen , is how you get UCI students to come out ... with free stuff ! 
I want to go the tunnels here at UCI but ... I need to go with someone .... can I still do that .... has anyone done it before ? 
So having The Office theme song as my alarm in the mornings isn't working out . I either ignore it or it incorporates into my dreams ... either way it's not waking me up .... Good song though . 
I need some direction ! I don't know what to take next quarter ... my options don't seem that appealing ... 
It has been such a busy week for me . But today I finally get to go home , I miss my family . 
of course this would happen . Webreg is screwing me over again !! 
Crap ! Its been a day and this essay still hasn't gotten done ! 
I have had minimal sleep , I haven't eaten and I am a complete mess but I finally finished my essay ! YES !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
I really wish today was Friday ... because by this time I would finally be home instead of worrying about these midterms ! 
I love being home with my parents but idk how I feel about them keeping me to an early bed time ... 
West Hollywood at night . As scary as it is to walk around right now ... I kinda missed it . 
Hello Facebook Friends ! If you are still interested in attending < PROPFEMALE > DANCE SOCAL 2011 then CONTACT ME for tickets !!! This is the last week that they will be available for $15 before the price goes up . HELP IMPROVE the EDUCATIONAL EXPERIENCE for a < PROPFEMALE > N IN NEED while enjoying the talents of some of the most coveted DANCE CREWS . So tell all your FRIENDS and get your tickets NOW NOW NOW !!! 
I know it may feel like I am spamming you with all these invites but the invitation are not empty events they are people I truly believe in . So before you ignore my post please consider these events : < PROPFIRST > Gaspar for At-Large Representative , Vote Sesar Galvez for ASUCI Social Science Representative ! and Vote < PROPFEMALE > Reynoso for ASUCI President ! 
Thank you < PROPMALE > Plottier , Jai Davé and Samer for the muffin ... but my roommate Juhi Israni pointed out that today is April first ... but I think I trust you guys enough to not given me diarrhea ... = ) 
I can't wait for June 9th . HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! Juhi Israni , \I'll BUY you guys a cake on MY birthday ! \"" 
This heat has drained me out of so much energy . 
What the balls middle earth you just took away an hour of my sleep with that stupid noise outside my window . WTF ! 
Phone's dead ! = ( What .... the .... balls ! 
What the balls ! The walk to class is longer then the actual class ... That was a 15mins discussion . 
There is some < PROPMALE > spamming going on . People keep getting tagged into random albums ... UH-OH ! 
I guess they weren't kidding about the 9 am alarm . 
Whoa ! I feel like I'm back in LA <3 ! There is a helicopter flying over UCI ? At night ? Did another lap-top get stolen ? I like it though makes me feel at home ! 
I hate when professors just read through their crappy PowerPoints like its a race ... I gave up 10 mins ago . 
I finally got to watch to watch < PROPFIRST>'s last Dundies ... And I kind of want to cry . 
I feel like the more I try to conserve paper the more I waste . When will I learn how to use a printer because clearly this is just not working ... 
Why do people keep thing that I am a third year ? No I'm a freshie ! 
I am very happy to hear that I've gotten everyone around me to start using the word , \chanclas . \"" 
