BORED ! 

is daydreaming about the Bugatti Vyron she wants her hubby to buy her one day ... sigh ! 
is very fond of < PROPFIRST > Mraz ... 
is in Indiana hangin with the fam ... drive wasn't too bad ... Have fun for the fourth guys ! 
Needs to turn off facebook and go nighty night so she can be bright eyed and bushy tailed for work ... but don't wanna 
got her new netbook today and is sooo in love with the little guy . Can't wait to use it for work stuff ... woohoo 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , we love those interceptions ! Keep em comin ! 
is heart broken and wants a new kicker ! 
Isn't \my precious\ " puppy such a cutie ? My little Gollum ... " 
\I ran over my neighbor in your bathroom because Big Bird said to and he's my leader \"" 
On banister 
... is bored and wishes her wonderful hubby would come home from work already ... 
is worried about her puppy dog who is at the hospital getting fluids for pancreatitis ... poor Lexxy Sunshine girl ! 
is about to get her puppy back and is soooo excited . I have missed her precious face ! 
Next time you are at Calhouns try the Herbal Remedy ... a cocktail with restorative powers to cure wha ails you . A combination of vodka , crushed red grapes , sugar , just squeezer lime juice , bitters , and fresh < PROPMALE > . Makes my mouth say yummy ! 
needs a nap ... yawn ! 
is in CPR ... woohoo ! 
Pelancho^s ... yummy ! 
had to go to ER at 4am cause pain shooting down my leg ... think i have a herniated disc from wreck last monday ... waiting to get an MRI . Please keep your fingers crossed for me it is not a disc problem . 
just got to our cabin in Gatlinburg , it is really cute , waiting for my baby brother and his sweetie to arrive ! This will be a great memorial day weekend ! Yay ! 
Feels a positivity in the air today ! I feel productive , have a new project , and is knowing her hubby will have a great interview ! Yay to today ! 
Congratulations to my sister having a beautiful baby girl named , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > this morning ! 
Wishes time would slow down so I could fit everything in today ...... aaaaaahhhhh ! 
zoom , zoom , zoom ... and i do not even have a mazda ... 
loves coming home to a waggy tag and a doggy smile ! 
Almost FOOTBALL time peeps !!!!! 
House plus < PROPMALE > plus Woodford Reserve equals a gooooood night ! 
Go Vols !!! 
INTERCEPTION !!!! Nice ! 
NOOOOOOO !!!! 
is in love with the Kings of < PROPFIRST > \Because of the Times\ " album ... wow ... I can not stop listening to it ! " 
boooo to another speeding ticket ... 
Thank you everyone for your kind words and birthday wishes ! 
Have a < PROPFEMALE > jolly Christmas this year !!! 
< PROPMALE > Top Baby ! OMG WE WON !!!!!!!!!! 
Well , we did great for having a ton of freshman .... but still heartbreaking 
What you want might make you cry and what you need might pass you by , if you dont catch it . What you need ironically , will turn out what you want to be , if you just let it . 
