Happy New Years ! 

weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 2010 ! Welcome to the future ! 
Seminar went well , Kateri and I have the marks to prove it . Now food , tomorrow , house viewing . Next week , knives or swords . 
wants it to be 5 already , seeing houses tonight . 
is back at work on a friday night because my boss believes himself to be an IT guy and not an attorney and broke a server . 
is beating people down in radford < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . Be back monday . ^_^ 
< PROPFIRST > K Hayes was going to teach me to levitate , but < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > shot him with a Marshmellow gun . 
is getting to old to party hop . Woo that was a lot of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thank Cthulhu It's < PROPFEMALE>'s day . wilmington , de in the morning and then back to philly . 
is stuck at work this fine saturday afternoon . 
in heeding the words of wise ninja master over a beer , < PROPMALE > has created a program of self-defense for the complete n00b who has 17 left feet . Tonight , I shall see if anyone shows up to learn it . 
says it's almost time for otakon . 
is off to otakon once i get out of work . 
@otakon . Be back in the real world at some point in the far far future . 
has a new job . +8k gold and better healing potions . 
does anyone know a Server2008/Exchange2007/BES sysadmin looking for a job in the philadelphia area ? 
thinks he may have created a new unit of monetary measure . the \Kilopeanut/Kilopeanuts\ " kp/kps for short . Use : derogatory . example : the job pays 35kps . " 
just saw a really nice house , we'll be putting a bid in asap . 
scored about 65k in bejeweled blitz in one second . That was nice . 
we got the house ! 
Offer accepted on house , Woo . Currently Making Angel Food Cake with Choc/hazelnut frosting for Kateri's Bday picnic . Also , We bought a lizard with a bad leg to see if we could fix him any better than the pet store . Poor guy . 
just performed surgery on a lizard(Green Anole now named Tropical thunder ) , we bought from the pet store last night cause he looked near death . He's doing well now , I think his leg is better , it's all about preventing complications/infections now . Pictures later . Time to go to Kat's Bdat picnic . 
The lizard known as The Tropical Thunder , passed on monday night . He perked up after the leg fix , but he was already too far gone from neglect at the pet store . 
weeeeeee transformer explosions . 
Looks like japan is drinking the Change kool-aid . 
is going to get gothed up and head to Dracula's Ball . Project Pitchfork and Carfax < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
is preparing for his first real vacation in over a decade where I can just sit there for a week on purpose . 
is preparing for the move , settlement tuesday . 
is now a home owner . move in is saturday . we spent last night scrubbing the place . 
GDIM ! 
OSIT ! 
ATIT ! ( Almost there ! It's Thursday ! ) Reaching ? Why yes I am . 
TCIF ! 
http://www.cracked.com/blog/how-to-write-erotic-fiction/ 
Thank Cthulhu it's friday ! 
Took a long time to come up with a costume , but has decided to be the mad scientist from Half Life , crowbar included . 
( continued from above ) And rot inside a corpse's shell The foulest stench is in the air The funk of forty thousand years And grizzly ghouls from every tomb Are closing in to seal your doom And though you fight to stay alive Your body starts to shiver For no mere mortal can resist The evil of the thriller ( Into maniacal laugh , in deep < PROPFEMALE > ) 
( Rap performed by < PROPMALE > Price ) Darkness falls across the land The midnite hour is close at hand Creatures crawl in search of blood To terrorize y'awl's neighborhood And whosoever shall be found Without the soul for getting down Must stand and face the hounds of hell ( continued below ) 
yay halloween party . I have my crazy hair , lab coat & crowbar . That and my crazy jello molds and I'm all set . ( pictures later . ) 
has the flu . i was so uninclined to move that I actually watched a football game . I made due by pondering the mechanics of impact , timing and footwork in play by play cases . Also created an under 5 yard endzone score for which there is no defense , I call it the the crane technique . 
is tired of being sick . Death to all swine . 
has made some downright amazing scallop chowder . 
Ninja landscaping for the win . 
it's Alive ! No more flu & at work . 
will be hosting < PROPFIRST > Hayes for a Seminar in January ! Woo ! 
has smashed his living room to bits . 19 large bags of debris so far . 
now has lens flare , Thanks < PROPFIRST > . 
wants to get a MP3 Player . Needs to be small , have good battery life , Drag & Drop USB support without installed gui and handle a variety of formats . Does such a thing exist ? expandable storage via SD a plus . 
Thinks whoever decided to schedule a massive apartment building fire next door to our new home at this time of day(5isham ) was terribly inconsiderate , no fires until at least breakfast . Off to hose the outside of the house after being up until 2am mortaring the downstairs . 
needs to get a nifty book , a language version and a development environment that actually work together . I've got this Book on Python for Hacking/reverse engineering , but it's for 2.5 , which is a not compatible old standard(current is 3+) and for an older version of Eclipse , which has also had a massive change in the current version and this book was published in 2009 . 
Pre-Birthday Happy Hour , Tonight , O'sheas , 5:30 ish to whenever . I realize it's late notice , come if you can manage . 
would like to thank everyone for the Birthday wishes . It was a very tame , but very nice birthday . also , I'd like to recommend Ninja Assassin , everything that is good about ninja with excellent choreography . 
anyone ever rebuild a raid array before and have tips ? I've got two drives of a raid 1+0 ( one from each pair i think ) , that need to have data recovered . Trying different recovery software at the moment ( ufs recovery atm ) , but happy to have any advice . 
Raid Data Recovered completely from swapped pair that was unrecognized by nas after NAS flipped out and wiped itself 100 times . 400Gb data now safe . 
has emptied his closets and clothes box from the move and is completely reorganizing everything , it looks like a clothes bomb went off in his bedroom . 
approves of his raise . 
Thinks this is awesome . http://www.alternative-energy-news.info/ultra-lightweight-bendable-batteries/ 
just saw the season finale of < PROPMALE > . Holy shit . 
Cthulhumas , Cthulhumas , Cthulhu eats your brains . Oh what fun it is to die in many horrible ways . Cthulhumas , Cthulhumas , Cthulhu eats your brains . hey . May you all be touched by his noodly appendage during these holy days . 
Holy poop on a stick , that was a long day . 
Octarine ! 
is getting tired of long long nights on salary . 
would appreciate if his intestines would agree to parley and come to an amicable arrangment with his stomach . They've had a war going for a few weeks now . 
is going to check our floors for the living room today and then maybe to a gentlemanly game night . 
stomach versus intestines , round 674 . 
\How about a nice game of strip Global thermonuclear war ? \"" 
Holy shit , we're buried in under Lots of snow ! No escape ..... argh ... the snow .. Oh god . a transformer just exploded .. 
Wicked Faire Security Meeting . Gone rest of day . 
has quite a list of things for today . off to make them happen . 
is a lumberjack and he's ok , mostly , just some bruising and torn gloves . Did some massive trimming of a pine tree over our neighbors yard , removed the giant branch he couldn't lift out of it that fell last storm , and repaired the window in the garage that was taken out by the branch mentioned in a previous update . Looking forward to more snow over the next week . yay . 
dislikes \error opening drive handle \"" 
It seems we lost about 12 ' from the top of a < PROPFEMALE > tree so big we didn't notice , it fell off on to the neighbor's property . That along with the 3 large pine branches that also fell added up to what I think may be almost a ton of tree . When will the snow madess end ? 
is running around today with a 40lb weight vest and a pair of 20lb ankle weights . Now for some yard work . 
Holy Crap . The Tough Mudders race I was going to compete in sold out already . They had 2,000 spots free 6 days ago and the race isn't for 2 months . 
is arranging for the delivery of 20 tons of stone .. what have I done ? 
http://rorr.im/digg.com/space/lets_say_you_re_the_first_human_ever_to_make_alien_contact/ 
Happy Green Beer Day . May you not have to drink any of that , and find good beer instead . 
Is starting up classes again with the nice weather , Sunday's , 12-1pm , $10 , Swordfighting . deciding if i want 11-12 or 1-2 for unarmed or maybe put that on saturday . 
built a device to move 500lb slabs of granite around my yard . Awesome part is it actually works . 
it Lives ! 
Todays List , Sand the walls , Sand the floor , Build shelves , build huge planter , sword practice , fit wood to windows , Study OffSec Stuff . Let's see how much of this actually happens . 
dug a massive f-in hole after sanding living room walls . can barely feel my hands , pretty sure it's all blister at this point . Later , clash of the titans . 
New Classes Schedule , Sunday , Sword Fighting , Noon to 1 , unarmed 1 to 2 . $10 for either class or both . The unarmed will have weapon defenses as well . Hidden Grove Location . 
so I got mentioned on < PROPMALE > Stephenson's facebook < PROPFEMALE > . How does a \virtual restraining order\ " work ? " 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Steele . How'd I miss that yesterday ? 
Uberman or Everyman ? Uberman , Definitely Uberman . 
Day 1 of Uberman . 
Uberman Day 3 .. Some slips , but progressing , 5 hours of sleep wednesday night , 3 hours last night(naps + 4-6am ) . 
Does anyone have a metal detector I could borrow briefly ? I have two throwing knives that seem to have disappeared into my backyard and I'm worried for mowing and students training . Thanks . 
is starting to get the < PROPFEMALE > of this Polyphasic sleep thing . 
says : Sleep when you are dead . 
is outlining a book and then plans to spend the day working on a video streaming server . 
my linux email server can go do horrible things to itself as hard as it can . 
off to the world's fair ! be back sunday . 
bought a handful of cd's at steampunk world's faire , but they can't compare to the live shows at all . 
is building a half dozen websites tonight . to many projects are backed up . need to move on them . 
just had an interesting 2 mile run in these new five fingers shoes . Blister on big toe from a downhill section . Otherwise ok . 
what was I thinking , Just built a giant wooden planter and polyurethaned it in this heat . I must have dropped 5lbs . Needed to get it in before the rain though .. 
had great fun with everyone at the bbq . Good to \ 
see everyone . Throwing knives > horseshoes any day . Wish I'd taken pictures . 
Let's see .. today . Worked on Blog infrastructure , started learning piano , Ordered 4k insects to start a breeding cage for the pet lizards , watch a video on defensive handgunning and worked for a few hours on the Offensive Computer Security Coursework . Oh , and some laundry . Days not over yet . 
Does anyone know an exchange administrator in the Philadelphia area looking for work ? I know someone looking for one . 1200 Mailbox Environment at a law firm . Full Time . 
Dear Pennsylvanian's , These Reps signed industry-backed letters telling the FCC to abandon efforts \ 
to protect Internet users by prohibiting big companies from blocking \ 
Internet traffic . They are against net neutrality and backing \ 
giving corporations rights to block and interfere with internet \ 
traffic . Chaka Fattah , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Dahlkemper , \ 
< PROPFIRST > Altmire , \ 
< PROPFIRST > Carney , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Schwartz , < PROPMALE > Holden 
always enjoys a trip down the stairs , especially when it involves broken glass . Wheee ker-thump ! 
feels that the weather forecast should just be called random lies about the weather . This has to be at least the dozenth time in the last 2 months that the weather forecast forecast for the next few hours has changed dramatically within an hour of the forecast . 
Off to Karate College , be back sunday ! 
Just received hilarious yet threatening phone call from optimal fitness . They think I kick hard enough to break their 6 ' thai bag and would like me to stop . 
Darn , my new sword doesn't get here until tuesday ! So much for playing with it this weekend . 
is all signed up for volunteering at Folkfest this year . 
I like this answer better then the actual answer of the Cyber Command Crypto challenge : Darmok and Jalad at Tanagra 
has been spending the night with\ 
buffer overflow exploit and fuzzer coding . wheee ...... blah . 
Folkfest friends , It has been confirmed Kateri and I will be arriving monday . If you want me drop off your tent at our place , I'll put it up for you so you get a spot . 
think working on his roof is no where to be on a 90 degree day . 
Dear Otakon Friends , It has begun and you have my sympathies . Many wishes for your survival and that of your caffeine IV . 
From an Comment on an Article : \Soccer is much like the movie Twilight . Everyone is running around 
< PROPFEMALE > Laptop + Linux = days of headaches . 
needs a good place/person to get answers on Backtrack/Ubuntu device configuration/networking when a day of searching google has failed . 
Folkfest friends , just a reminder , if you want me to bring up your tent for early setup on monday , you need to get it to me by THIS sunday . 
backtrack linux issue solved . reinstalled for a blank slate to try again and suddenly i had wlan0 .... wtf ? 
dear friends , If you are or know a good . net web development person , I am aware of a position in north jersey that will pay you very well under contract for a year . Please message me privately for details . 
just ordered a 1 watt wireless adapter . It should make for very interesting times . 
just bought an < PROPMALE > . it's an ancient < PROPMALE > for a specific purpose and was $50 , but what the fuck is wrong with me ? 
Thank Cthulhu it's Friday ! 
is preparing and packing for folkfest . 
has returned from a week of camping at a music festival . I don't know how long it will take to get all the dirt out . Weather was mixed , music was good . People were smelly . I lost a 100m uphill race by 1 step and a time 4 seconds less than the winner . I've also got a fair tan now and managed it without getting burned . 
spent the morning turning logs into 2 wood piles , taught 2 classes in 90+ degrees , and spent the evening turning the rest of the wood into mulch with my chipper . Worn out . 
thinks google translate needs to do a better job of translating persian . Trying to hold a conversation with people in iran is requiring many extra emails to clarify points . and if you do Original in English > persian > back to english , it very much does not match . 
< PROPFEMALE > .. Today I shot 2 arrows through the heart of a dragon , beat a skull to death with some throwing axes , assassinated snow flakes with a handful of throwing stars , and beat a rubber pad to ring a < PROPFEMALE > . I also ate meat on a stick , on a bone , had a funnel cake , lemonade , birch beer , iced coffee , sampled wine , and won a duel . \ 
\ 
The Pennsylvania Renaissance faire keeps you busy . 
< PROPMALE > Jobs caught with Ninja stars in his luggage ? What in the world .. 
Dear Friends , I have a new phone . I don't have all of my contacts . If you want me to have your number , please text me with your name . Thank you . 
still awake , working on offensive security/hacking , feels more natural doing it in the middle of the night . 
8 Hours of Gun Disarms today and 8 hours of swordwork tomorrow . Packed weekend . 
and so ends an 8 hour day of teaching swordfighting . Whew . That sure looked hard for the students . ^_^ 
taking the exam for the OSCP on Thursday & Friday . 24 hours of Penetration testing(ethical hacking ) . The idea fills me with both dread and glee . Most people don't pass on their first attempt , and a significant number don't pass their second . I'm looking at this first attempt as reconnaissance . 
bejeweled blitz doesn't even have medals for me anymore . 647,450 points . I feel like i could push it maybe to mid 700s with a perfect game . Come on bejeweled people , make a new medal just for me . Something at like 600 or 750k . I can do it . 
Bouncing off boxes . At least they are starting to take damage . 14.5 hours to go . 
Well there goes that . Storm knocked out my vpn connection . Taking a nap . 
after 5 days of broken internet my connection to the world has resumed . | >|- |34r 
has a cat snoring loudly next to him , and another one trying sleep despite the noise(with paws covering head ) next to that one . 
just broke unbreakable maul(heavy axe ) while chopping wood . I'm not sure if I should feel accomplished or annoyed . Right now as there is an hour of daylight left and lots of wood to finish before rain soaks it , I'm going with annoyed . 
anyone in Newtown , < PROPFEMALE > looking to become a Systems Security Engineer ? I know a place that's hiring . 
Mission accomplished ! 20 tons of granite moved out of the driveway and into a retaining wall 300 ' away . Woo ! Now to just get the other half cord of wood off the driveway and i'll have a spare parking space back again . 
A morbid and macabre < PROPFEMALE > of all saints to < PROPFEMALE > ryone ! 
So last night before we headed off to a Halloween party , We dumped a bunch of < PROPFEMALE > in a black plastic caldron and left it by the door . I was half certain one of the first people to come along would dump most/all of it in their bag and call it a night . Amazingly there was still < PROPFEMALE > left , it was picked over pretty good , but there were still plenty of tootsie rolls left . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1OvTwxPYAc 
Dear Northline express , When I order something fedex priority nextday air on a friday , ask you to make sure it can be delivered tomorrow , and pay extra , I expect you to check the box marked saturday delivery . wtf . 
is hanging at webster hall in manhattan tonight . 
Dear friends , I am having a happy hour somewhere for my birthday next monday , possibly followed up with a movie . I cannot decide on a bar however . I am taking suggestions for a pleasant bar with reasonably priced drinks/good beer , where talking is possible . My initial thoughts were oh shays , rum bar and < PROPFEMALE > pub , but open to anywhere in center city/old city so that the most people can make it . 
Ok . So my Birthday Happy hour(s ) will be Monday , December 6th , at Cavanaugh's at 18th and Sansom . 5:30 to at least 8 . If you can read this , you are invited , come < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Thanks for the Birthday Wishes everyone ! 
As a reminder and fyi : birthday happy hour is now until 830ish at 1835 Sansom(cavanaughs bar ) . Hope you can make it out . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes and for coming out to the happy hour . Great seeing everyone . 
Hi 
just saw Tron : Legacy . It's very nice looking .. 
after a long day is now drinking cider and making cookies with Kateri . 
wow .. Community College is more expensive than I remember . Just spent a grand for two 3 credit courses after fees , but before books . 
Dread Cthulhumas to all ! 
hasn't even successfully registered for ccp courses yet and already hates it , mostly due to the fact that I was registered and am no longer so . And the main course I needed to take is now full . 
just left dunkin donuts with 18 donuts , and is now heading to < PROPFEMALE>'s . <3 cheat days . 
swordfighting in the snow is always fun . 
Activities for today . Throwing Ninjas . Eating Indian Food . Watching Inception . 
\Queueing \"" 
has actual homework for the first time in 15 years . Going back to school is going to take some getting used to . 
has cops in his backyard who are calling for SWAT , this should be an interesting morning . 
is broke at the moment . Dirty jobs done dirt cheap . 
has absolutely horrible luck with chainsaws . 
