WoAh Last night was awesome ! 

If last night was so awesome why does today have to suck 
explorers at the fire dept today was awesome . Got to go on 2 ride outs 
It's Cold !! 
Can't get that thought out of my head . Such a terrible thought ... 
is going to go get ready for Youth Conference . 
yeah . so my room mates got a hold of my password ... wasn't too happy about that . 
just got back from camp . had alot of fun . pretended i was catholic in a all morman camp . get encircled by smelly old dudes that sang happy birthday for me . got busted for swimming in a dangerous spot . but 12+ wolf spiders and 4 black widows later i finall 
what would you be like if the most important thing to you was taken from you 
lost charger and my phone is almost dead . 
going to the craftsmen truck series tomorrow 
oh my god i still have to start reading my summer reading book . 
grounded . 
P1- algebra/ swanson P2- english/ price P3- biology/ winstead P4- world history/ moore P5- study P6- spanish/ flores P7 jrot/ fields 
is going to the lake tomorrow 
got ungrounded today but wont have my phone till school 
got school stuff today ... and more contacts ! 
going out to eat to celebrate my mom's birthday 
is doing research on how to fix one of my typewriters . 
yeah today pretty much sucked . one of the worst so far 
hmmm it seems like every night it gets harder and harder to fall asleep . starts to suck after a couple weeks . 
sweetness ! got 100's on all the permit practice tests ! 
who knew wood is such a jerk ! 
I hit my head ... Stupid wood always getting in my way . 
I hate people who think they know everything , because in reality . They have no clue . 
I'm so confused right now ... 
I've been really optimistic today even through all the uncertainty . 
im gonna be sick 
ok root canals suck ! but atleast i got the job at break studios 
really dont want to wear my uniform today 
anyone have a cassette- ipod converter thing 
checked out of our hotel in gatlinberg early . they had too many renovations going on . found a new place in pigeon forge 
home 
i need some serious bandaides cause i just got shot in the face ! lol 
im second guessing everything and it's really starting to get on my nerves , but i can't help it . 
FML 
so much to do , so little time . 
no matter what i do it always seems like i come out as the bad guy when im just looking out for my happiness . 
family coming into town tonight . should be fun 
cleaning out the garage all day 
< PROPFIRST > Timberlake is the new second coming of jesus . 
had an amazing day hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > paturno and < PROPFEMALE > beyke ! it was awesome ! 
got 6 wisdom teeth removed tuesday . bleh . my cheeks are puffed out like a chimpmunk 
im even more confused than before . 
going to the movies , later 
hope i can fall asleep tonight . 
finally home . had an amazing night 
oh my god absolutely nothing to do 
StrikeForce : Nashville . really wanted to see Henderson K.O. Shields in the first round . unfortunately didn't happen . 
Interenet is being gay and not working 
Looking back on how things played out . It can extremely distressing or completely untroublesome . However , no matter how much we may wish that things may have been different , we can not undo what has already made done . All that we may do is try to mend the broken strings . 
On the day of judgement , what will we say to God when we try to justify our sins . 
great . i feel like crap , again . another migraine decided to come at the perfect time ! 
Linkin Park- Not Alone . Try to imagine this happening to us in < PROPFEMALE > . How will you react ? What will you do ? Where would you go ? In these troubled times , uncertainty surrounds us . We can't escape it . We can only face the darkness . Over come it . We face this everyday of our lives . 
got back from Michigan today . fun road trip man . 
Lovely . My phone is officially busted . hopefully getting a new one tomorrow . 
ok got a new phone but lost all my contacts and pics . still have the same number so just text me . 
all-in-all , today was a bad day . 
why does life have to be fricken complicated ? cant things ever go right or atleast somewhat in the right direction , i mean seriously 
I'll catch up on sleep when i'm dead . For now I think i'll stay up and enjoy how much life can suck . 
is amazed how fast word spreads ... 
god im so effin pissed ! if your gonna act like you care then just leave me alone and let me do what i want ! 
why is there drama when no one causes any ? 
i think it'd be best if i hid myself from the world right now .. 
Why is it whenever you need the internet its never there for you 
Yes ! my internet finally decided to work ! 
i don't know why , but < PROPFIRST > Barker's tattoos are so BA ! 
i wonder what it would be like to fly . 
what a coincidence , me and my mom have a migraine in the small part of our brain . 
what do you do when you get the feeling that time doesn't exist ? 
Just got back from the movies . All-In-All , had a pretty good day . 
If you had only one match and entered a room in which there was a wood-burning stove , an oil burner , and kerosene lamp which one would you light first ? 
YES ! I finally sneezed ! lol 
It really is true what they say about how high school goes by so fast 
so a bird flew at the car while i was going 55 . he wont be flying again 
JCLC in the morning ! 
hey bay tre , no homo . 
i'm gonna miss you bay tre ' . it doesn't feel like home without < PROPMALE > running around naked LOL . No Homo 
I wonder if life would be easier or more difficult if you could see peoples thoughts . 
I love watermelon ! 
packing yet again . 
\I'm so busy I don't know if i found a rope or lost a horse . \"" 
i got a song stuck in my head but i cant put a name with it ! GAH !!! this is so frustrating 
Leaving for D.C. today . YAY still got alot of packing to do . 
all packed , ready to leave . see ya in 2 weeks 
Currently in the town of woodstock , on my way to D.C. First stop : the white house . sucks i cant take my phone or camera in there 
The white house is so amazing . The place is filled with beautiful < PROPMALE > . I would die to have one of those paintings 
today was < PROPFEMALE > much fun . plain and simple 
finally home . feels good to be off a bus 
so i found out that my camera is broken while i was in D.C. that was such a buzz kill 
going to the races tonight . YAY 
went to the river today with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . had so much fun 
good news everybody . < PROPFIRST > won ! 
Am I your sense of relief , or am I more like your burden . Don't matter it won't keep me from this train that I'm bordin ' . You've been how close to my heart with every quarter guitar and keys of the piano . This is where we must depart . ~ Consider This Goodbye 
Thisweek we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met or those we have held but could not take home . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority of you won't do it because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all angels ! ? ?? 
is it just me or does it already feel like friday ? 
If you lock your wife and your dog in the truck of your car , who do you think will be the one to jump out and kiss you ? 
If Only She Knew . 
Playing fetch with my dog today , he drops the ball , pisses on it , picks it back up and tries to hand it to me 
GOT MILK ? 
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there's footsteps on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
\NO THAT GUM IS GLOBAL WARMING IT WILL KILL YOU !! \"" 
Made it to Kentucky just to find out that I left my phone charger at home ... Great . 
So my cameras broken yet again , this time i have absolutely no idea whats wrong with it ! 
Tornado warning ! With the tornado six some ! Oh yeah 
Goin to the races 
Nothings better than the smell of burnt rubber and the sound of reving engines 
Feelings Mutual 
watchin the boogeyman2 , TxT me ! @ 
what would you do if the whole world literally stopped and stared at you when you smiled ? 
ohh sleep , why do you seem to evade me when i need you most ? 
Fish are friends , not food ! 
I CAN believe it's not butter 
I feel like watching a movie . Any suggestions ? 
packing my bags ohh im ready to be in the mountians 
Just smile and wave boys . Smile and wave . 
Back from holiday in pigeon forge , ready to catch up on some zzzz 
Dude , tomorrows friday ! 
BK doesn't serve the angry whopper anymore ... this makes me angry . grrr !! 
Why do all the radio stations take commercial breaks at the same exact time ?! 
iTunes , why do you hate me ? Seriously . 
If you could wear the Iron Man suit what would you do ? 
One more exam to go 
Just finished up packing , leaving for Arizona first thing in the morning ! PeacE ! 
Finally made it to pheonix , we goin to be stayin at < PROPMALE > and tiffanys place . And my mom would like to see ALL family members this trip 
Oh yeah !! 72 degrees tomorrow i love it here hahah 
Going to the hard rock cafe 
home from arizona ! 
I just got done watching the box , and i have no idea what that movie was about lol 
whats with the zodiac signs changing ?? ahhh all jacked up . now i gotta new zodiac 
Dog food- 32.99 \\ncollar- 12.49 \\ncomical value of dogs-priceless 
That 3 o'clock feeling sucks , someone needs a 5-hour energy shot . 
Trust me . I'm a Doctor . 
Makin a pizza with the family ! 
The simplest things in life are the best 
today just wasnt my day . 
When every things meant to broken I just want you to know who I am . 
