Happy New Year everyone !!! :] 

next time you try to say you are perfect ... try walking on water ! =] 
idk .... bored . some text me 571-268-4572 
bored .... sick . Gotta get back to school , Im going crazy ! 
played in the game after being as sick as i was , yay ! =] And NO < PROPFIRST > IM NOT CRAZY ! =] 
ugh ... everything is going wrong ... sick and tired of everything 
Life was so much easier when guys had cooties =] haha 
pssh ... gettin tired of stupid people .... they annoy the hell out of me 
hmm ... now I realize all the time I spent talking to you was just one big huge lie . Wow ... get a life and leave me alone .. you know who you are 
Happy New Year everyone ! There would have just been one thing to make it all better .... 
Had an uhmazing day hanging out with < PROPMALE > L Phillips and < PROPFEMALE > Casarin ! It was a blast :] 
Watching the Bengals play the Ravens :] lets go Bengals haha 
\You have to just live your life not caring what others think and shake off the drama and prove to them that you're better than they think you are ! \ " :] " 
the snow is pretty :] But it is way too cold !!!! 
lots and lots of snow now .... it really needs to stop . Its just getting to the point where its stupid now -.- 
Haha man this super bowl is crazy :] 
never really thought I would say this .... but im really missing school right about now . 
When you think you know someone , you finally find out the real them ... 
Who ever knew a clown could be so hotttt ??? ;] Without that makeup and hair he was sure fine as hell :] 
Spring break is goin good :] < PROPFEMALE > this thursday night or friday morning . I cant wait to see you < PROPFIRST > :] Its been too long . 
Happy Friday :] Haha . This weekend is going to be the best !!! :] 
I recognized ur number its burned into my brain .. felt my heart beating faster ... everytime it rang , somethings never change . Thats why I didnt answer .... Cause im always your last call . I dont need to check that message , I know what it says , baby I still love you dont mean nothing . 
June 4th through the 7th is going to be officially the best days of my life :] I cant wait . 
Some people just piss me off . I try being nice and getting along with them and everything but they go and say stupid ass shit . Really people , this is ridiculous ! 
So its been a pretty good birthday today , and its still not over ! :] Saturday im going to Busch Gardens to celebrate even more ! Cant wait . 
Found out some pretty crappy news .... but on the other hand im signed up for my summer english class to graduate early ! :] 
ughh it sucks when you are trying to write a paper and something else is bothering you so you cant concentrate and finish it .... I hate this . 
Late night tonight ! Gonna be up doing my field day shirt , even though im not sure what to do yet . haha :] 
god stress stress stress ... cant wait till im out of Quantico ! Dont know how much more I can take . 
Soooo im most definitely sun burnt ! haha . Oh how I missed the summer days :] 
Wow ... so facebook is being stupid and making me a fan of everything . 
Just a small town girl , living in a lonely world .. She took the midnight train going anywhere . Just a city boy born and raised in South Detroit .. He took the midnight train going anywhere . A singer in a smoky room , A smell of wine and cheap perfume , For a smile they can share the night It goes on and on and on and on .. :) 
Haha like im really going to let Quantico people get to me . yeah right . go get a life and leave people who dont belong in it , out of it . 
Sooo Eclipse was a waste of my time ! it was okay but it drug on and on . 
Whoever knew summer class to gradute early could be so ..... BORING 
Had an amazing night tonight ! :) 
Where there goes my plans for the weekend . Thought I wasn't going to Ohio anymore , but now my mom changed her mind . bummer ! 
In Ohio ! Oh how ive missed this place :) 
Ughh online class teachers are picky . haha . I misunderstood an assignment and now I gotta redo the whole thing . Ger -.- haha 
My mom and I had an icecream fight :) haha tonight was a blast 
Ughhh trying to figure out something ... Guess i screwed up again :\\ 
Passed my online class . No < PROPMALE > year for me . Going to skip right into my senior year ! Haha life is amazing right now 
So Im a SENIOR now ! :] I have my schedule too . And volleyball is the first day of school ... if you are going to play , let me know ! I wanna know who will be playin with me :] 
Who is in YEARBOOK class with Mrs. Lowe this year ???? If you are , what time do we need to report to the school Monday for the Senior photos ????? 
School tomorrow :] Can't wait to see who is in all my classes . 
Everyone who graduates from Quantico always says they can't wait to get out of there because they hate it , but when it comes time for them to leave they ALWAYS come back to visit . haha . 
Tired as can be XD I enjoyed volleyball today , the new coach seems really nice . But , we don't have many people playin this year :( 
Today has been a sucky day , I mean really I don't think it could have been much worse . 
No regrets , just lessons learned :] 
Woking on the VADETS crap , getting my license Sept . 18th ! :] So glad . 
Hurt my foot in volleyball :/ Its all swollen . Going to the doctors hopefully tomorrow . idk if I will be able to play in the first game of the season ... this sucks 
Had a pretty crappy day ... sucks when the one person you want most to text you , wont . 
My mom is so wasted , lmao ! We got her to order pizza and breadsticks . Poor dominos for having to talk on the phone to my drunk mom . This night is too funny 
I miss LeJeune and all my friends there ! Its been three years too long since I've seen you guys 
So tomorrow it is back to school :/ At least there is a home volleyball game at 4 to make the day worth it . haha . 
\Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game ... \"" 
Bored . About to watch the football game , text me :) 
Ready for Monday's game , its gonna be a long bus ride :] \ 
Haha hopefully as fun as our one team trip to DC . lol . 
Tired of everything that has been going on lately . Ready for the weekend to be here already and then the game on monday . 
So today turned out to be a really really great day :] 
Finally got my homecoming dress after trying on so many . Now I can't wait :] 
Hurt my ankle , again , in the volleyball game today :/ It's been swollen the whole day . That's just grand . 
Okay , for everyone who wanted the pics I took this week for Spirit Week , they are now up ! :] 
The pep rally was pretty awsome :] Go SENIORS !! \ 
Good luck to all the football players tonight , we better get a win :] 
Homecoming tonight ! :] Can't wait . Gonna be fun . 
Homecoming was amazing ! I had such a great time . Wish it would have lasted so much longer ! :) 
Trying to write a paper and facebook is getting in the way XD Time to log off and work . ugh . haha 
Okay , so I accomplished one thing tonight :] haha . Now its school tomorrow . 
Ugh ... So much going wrong . Just about to forget everything and not worry anymore 
Tired of being the only one who seems to try ... I'm starting over and this time , I'm forgetting you and your ways . I am just going to worry about myself , like you always seem to do . Ready for a new life filled with just worrying about mysef . :] 
I love when football teams support breast cancer awareness month by wearing pink gloves and or shoes :) 
Going to Clarksville , TN friday ! :] Can't wait . Should be a lot of fun . 
Halloween was a lot of fun . I loved handing out the < PROPFEMALE > and seeing all the cute little ones dressed up in their costumes . :] 
\Girls wonder why guys dont talk to them anymore after a relationship . Truth is guys dont talk to girls because there afraid to like them again ... \ " Probably one of my favorite quotes . " 
Happy Birthday to all the Marines ! :] Love ya'll . 
Lets try this ! :] why wassup ? 
\Keep your face to the sunshine and you will not see the shadows ... \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Keller " 
Finally taking a stand . You hurt me and just so you know , < PROPFEMALE > is a BITCH ! You'll get what is coming to you . (: 
Who ever knew that one little picture of the most unexpected thing could turn my crappy day into a now amazing one :] 
Day was okay , it seemed too long . And this rain needs to stop , it is quite depressing . I want the summer back :) 
My dad's laptop equals possibly the worst thing in the world . Can't wait to get mine fixed . Sorry if I am talking to you and I just log out with no warning , this computer hates me XD 
Facebook is not the place to be acting immature , people . If you have something to say to someone then say it to their face . Don't go facebooking it all day long . It solves NOTHING , half of the time it just makes it worse . If only some people would realize that . 
Misplaced my phone :/ haha . Now to retrace my steps so I can find the stupid thing ! 
It's my life so I live it my way . You aren't going to try to stand in my way and pull me down . Get a life , for real :] 
Sick :( bleh . 
Happy Turkey Day everyone ! :] haha . Going to be a little kid again and watch the parade ! 
Okay , so I must say , < PROPFEMALE > Bernal < PROPMALE > can make some pretty crazy crap up . haha . I loved todays lunch ... it was priceless :] Poor Saydi Juliar 
Snow ! :] 
Everyone always thinks they know me ... but trust me , no one knows the half of it . So quit talkin before you actually know what truly goes on . 
Lookin forward to the 23rd ! :] Going to be great 
Volunteering to place wreaths on the Arlington National Cemetery graves on Dec . 11th ... anyone want to do it with me ? 
Just got home from the Middle School Girls Basketball game ... My sister did really well . At about 730 gonna head to the High school Varsity Boys ' game :] Should be interesting . 
ugh why does my facebook keep sending requests to people ? Some of them that I don't even know . Gez . 
Watching A Year Without < PROPFEMALE > Claus ! Totally takes me back to my childhood :) 
Long night last night ... stayed up till like 3 with a friend since things were going on ... I think I much rather be sleeping right now than be up 
Text me ! 571-268-4572 
I feel like I finally accomplished something , got all my online English done !!! Finally ! Now to do the stupid exam for it tomorrow . 
Sick :/ ugh . I blame the stupid school for making us park so far away from the school ! 
Going Chrstmas shopping today ! :] 
Going out bowling tonight , glad :] I need to get out and have some fun with friends for a change . 
Meeting up with an old friend from LeJeune today with Saydi Juliar ! can't wait 
So the grandparents are coming today :] hmmm what to do after that ? 
I hate how it doesnt even feel like christmas :/ 
If I die young , burry me in satin , lay me down on a bed of roses ... send me away with the words of a love song ? 
Getting my hair done tomorrow ! :] What should I do to it ? 
Senior pics the 15th :] Haha . I'm excited 
Spent the morning playing Sorry , the game , with my little seven year old brother and found out that I suck at it . He won the three games we played :/ Gez . \ 
Well , off to go find new boots now :] 
My sister managed 4 fouls in under 6 < PROPFEMALE > . So my mom said instead of praying to stay safe in the next game , she should pray to not get four fouls in 6 < PROPFEMALE > :] Lmao . It was a funny car ride home . 
American Idol isnt the same :/ I want all the bad singers again , I don't want to see the good ones until later on in the show . The tryouts are for making fun of the bad ones ! :] 
:/ 
So Mr. Cromwell tells the class that if we breath the chemials he was messing with then we would die . So he decides to mix them together and smoke from it ends up all in the room , with us breathing it in . No window open . Thanks Cromwell haha . What an interesting class it was today :] 
< PROPMALE > McCreery , My favorite Idol of all this season ? 
Attention SENIORS , if you have a pic you want to go in the senior collage for the yearbook , post it on my wall and I will make sure it gets in . 
SAT tomorrow :/ 
Goin to Ohio thursday night ... fun . 
In Ohio with the sister and mom :) havent seen my cousins in 6 years , boy how time has gone by . but , off to the mall in Indiana here in a few with them :) 
Who would have known that just one phone call could have turned everything around for the better ? What a great night 
< PROPFEMALE > Obama at Quantico class of 2011 graduation ?? I think so ! :) who can beat something like that ? 
It seems like everyone I know is joining the Marines after high school this year .. 
Yearbook is complete , now I will actually be able to sleep in and come home ! :] 
