Just got done with some weed eating ; and now is getting ready to spend some time at the mall . 

Had a wonderful day at the mall and is know resting up to do some yard work tomorrow and hopefully beat the < PROPFIRST > Metzger at golf . 
#1 People who correct my grammar ; #2 Animal Doctors ; #3 < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > plus 8 
loves being back home and is going to try to see Transformers today 
Is still recovering from his pretty intense day of swimming yesterday , I think I pushed myself a bit too far . Hoping to do some relaxing movie watching today . 
Is getting over his sickness , in hopes of skipping the doctor tomorrow and hanging out with < PROPMALE > and company . 
Is going to San Fransisco in the morning thought we were spending the weekend , but we are just spending the day there , which is great because I'll be home for the fourth . 
enjoys when people make me smile . Also I enjoy laughing at others . 
Is pumped to go see < PROPMALE > tonight , happy Big Brother is back on , and excited for Monday . 
is enjoying watching old episodes of < PROPMALE > on his PC . Wish it wasn't so hot though ... 
is scared and hates the feeling . 
: ( 
Great first week of senior year , got senior pic proofs today ! Had a fun drive home , and cannot wait for tomorrows day off !!! 
is exhausted and chilling in his newly renovated room with < PROPFIRST > Mraz soothing my ears ... 
is excited for the rotation rally tomorrow ; can't wait to walk in as a senior ! 
had one of the craziest nights of his life last night . Had large amounts of fun though ... 
just did a little online shopping . Pretty good day ; hate rumors though ... Just finished his application for ASU and is now catching up on some TMZ . I <3 celebrity gossip . 
can anybody recommend some good thinking music ? I need to tap into my mind to find out what to do ... 
is working on quite a few college applications but would rather be doing something else . 
had a really nice day . I'm actualy considering bumping it up to a great day but that takes a form of comitment . 
doesn't really feel like himself today which led to an intresting and all around crummy day 
got admitted to ASU ! It feels so much better knowing I've got somewhere to go . 
took the SAT subject test this morning , < PROPMALE > out in < PROPMALE > for a bit , went to work . Busy day and I feel exhasuted all over right now . Oh and I got accepted to the University of Portland , no big deal . 
has given up all hope in being a happy sports fan . I really dislike USC . 
is a very happy little guy right now . 
going to Arco tonight to see Lebron get beat down by the explosive young Kings . 
is feeling like himself again . Thank god . 
is experiencing an awful combination of bored and tired but is still well . 
is amazed how he continues to have great days with weather he hates everything about . 
only slightly voiced his hatred of the weather today ! 
: ) 
feels the need to boost productivity but is enjoying himself far to much to even consider it . 
great day . Life is wonderful . 
is very happy and also is seeing ways I can improve myself to become even happier . Shit is good . 
beat Linden today to go 6-1 on the year and my 46 got me 3 points . CAGE MATCH ! 
' s team took a solid second at todays league tourny ( personally finishing 12th with the 8th lowest score adding two more points ) . Subsections look to be in our future . 
just remembered how much he hates Ichiro ; but still loves baseball . Lets go Oakland ! 
' s team shot their best match of the year but still lost to a vastly superior Escalon team . Shot a 44 on the front and 43 on the back for an 87 . Really loving golf right now and my new found consistancy . 
still cannot believe what a great time I had last night . Today I'm just sitting and watching the Masters . Best weekend ever . 
has felt/been terrible/sick all day but was able to get a solid practice round in at Castle Oaks with The Albatross and his dad . 
has his final golf match as a Redskin today against Argonaut and is lucky enough to get to play in the number 2 spot with The < PROPFIRST > Hall . 
finished his matches of his CHS golf carrer \ 
with a 44 and another point in a blowout victory against Argonaut and is\ 
now gearing up for his final league tounry thursday and sub-sections on \ 
monday . 
shot a carrer low , 82 , at today's league tourny leading his team to a second place finish ( personally finishing 5th ) and qualified for his first sub-sections . Perfect way to finish my MLL golf carrer . 
is up early and is only a few hours away from teeing it up with the area's best at sub-sections . 
is in Portland and visited my school today and got my classes for next semester . I know I'll miss Calaveras but this place is really awesome . 
went to the crazy hospital today and the < PROPMALE > of the Hospital called me \trouble\ " . That was fun but was only one highlight in a great day full of them . " 
\If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission \"" 
\It kind of hurts when the kind of words you write kind of turn themselves into knives \"" 
really wants to get back out on the golf course . 
had an awesome weekend . 
saw an overweight and middle aged woman taking a poop on the side of the road this morning ... Does that happen in Oreogn ? 
wants to one day be the white guy who sings along with the black guy in rap songs . 
is strong . 
Jersey Shore permiere tonight . My life once again has purpose . 
thinks the US needs to prepare for the Ryder Cup . The Euro's are looking strong . Also < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > has a really shitty life . 
is all packed and ready to start the long car ride to my new life tommorw . 
loves this place . 
first day of classes went great . Already working too hard though . 
hates every priniter in this world . 
is awake and ready to push through this last day before the weekend . 
another beautiful day in Portland . 
just printed out a boarding pass that will be landing me in Sacramento California tomorrow . 
hates the fact that it's raining in Calaveras but when I left Portland it was nice and < PROPFEMALE > . 
had a nice/chaotic night with the circle friends . Excited to go back to P-Town tomorrow . 
see you in a few hours Portland ! 
had an absolutely perfect first day back in class . 
has 3 papers due and a test tomorrow . Happy Sunday .... 
it's snowing in P-Town . 
is done with class for the semester , and now only has finals : / 
flight delayed until 7:30 . Southwest has it out for me . 
good morning Rome . 
finally back home . Awesome trip . 
in the airport about to head to Portland . Awesome break , I'll miss cali but still excited to get back . 
hopes to see the Pilots defend their perfect home record today . 
is doubting the existence of spring break with the amount of work I have to do before it : / 
enjoys waking up to the California sunshine . 
see's a lot of Micro Economics in his immediate future . 
