Gonna give Facebook another try ... Had a good Turkey Day , had a blast at POV's with < PROPFIRST > ... 

Just chillin ' , exhausted and kinda moody today ... been having a hard time ... Vikings are on , but my eyes glaze over as soon as I look at the TV ... I need another nap ... zzzzzzZZZZZ .... 
Happy New Year , everyone . This last year has had some really good points , but I know the next one can put it to shame ! :D 
It's not about ignoring the differences or pretending we're all the same ; it's about realizing that differences aren't good or bad , right or wrong . Differences are a fact , they exist - the point is not letting them matter . Differences make us who we are - judging because of them makes us ignorant . 
I'm gonna be 25 this Thursday .... I feel old ... lol If you wanna help me celebrate I'm goin to be at Time Out in Elk River with a bunch of people that night . Ladies ' Night so ladies drink free !!! ^.^ 
Just tired ... 
Needing a time out ... 
So done with other people's BS ... 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , long showers for hairy legs , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing !! I LOVE MY child !! With Mother's day drawing near lets see how many Mom's Repost this . Mom's don't care what we have to give up for our kids ! ~ I would give up everything for my children ! 
Sad and shocked .... RIP Jessy .... Laura , < PROPFEMALE > , Cody ... call me if you need anything ... 
I really hate being sick ... 
I'm just done . I'm sick of everything . If you don't care , then don't pretend . 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before\ 
you were born , I loved you . When you were born , I saw your face and\ 
knew I was in love . Before you were an hour old , I knew I would die\ 
for you . To this day , I will . With Mother's Day approaching repost \ 
this if you have children you love more than life . 
Amaya just said her first word ! She said \Bapa\ " ( which is the name Jaiden started for Grandpa ) " 
Will someone tell my 10-month-old daughter that babies are not supposed to still be awake at this time of night ?!! I realize she napped well today , but this is ridiculous ! 
Pissed off - didn't wanna nap all evening and end up being awake all night ... again ... But I got to see my friend < PROPFEMALE > and her new baby boy today , which was cool ... So precious ! 
Just had the weirdest email/chat on MySpace .... some people are seriously messed up .... 
Been having an eventful time with Amaya lately . The latest : she finally started crawling last weekend ! I thought she was going to skip it since she's so fixated on trying to walk , but she finally started to ! Another cool thing : she actually LISTENED when I told her no today ! Too cool ! :) 
Frustrated with social services and all the crap they make me go through for the little help I get ... it's not that I'm ungrateful , I just wish they didn't have to make it so difficult and seem so incompetent ... 
I can't believe my baby is almost a year old already ! She's growing up way too fast ... 
Had a crazy day following a crazy night ... Saw the St. < PROPFIRST > Fire Dept . save a house down the street from my friends ' place , took my friend to the ER , and ended up driving all over hell and back because of a construction detour on my way home at 7am ... Finally got home , then I had to run errands , clean , make food , and wrap presents for Amaya's b-day party tomorrow ... I'm exhausted ! 
P.S. I also find it extremely interesting and a lil creepy that this morning/last night marked the third time in the past four years that I've wound up in an ER on July 10th ... at least this time it wasn't for myself ! 
So Amaya officially turned one today ! :) Not too sure she enjoyed her actual birthday as much as her party , tho . She was really crabby today , which made getting pics taken at Wal-Mart and being out in the heat with no AC pretty much torture for her ... :( 
* sigh * 
For anyone interested , we're having a garage sale at my parents ' house Friday and Saturday . LOTS of baby stuff ( girls ' clothes newborn-9 months , boys ' clothes newborn-6 months , equipment , etc . ) , kids ' toys , housewares , some small appliances and furniture , books ... Anyway , if you wanna come , we'll be at my parents ' house in Elk River most of the day both days . Send me a message or call for directions or questions . 
ZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzz ...... ~.~ 
Gotta love pointless arguments with people who think being intelligent and articulate negates the fact that their opinions are narrow-minded and ignorant ... 
August 20th ... once the happiest day of my life , now the most depressing day on my calendar ... Sep . 14th isn't much better ... * sigh * 
First day of school and surprisingly feeling on top of things - so far . I already have this week's assignments done in 1 class . That's 1 down , 2 to go . 
Doing really good with my schoolwork so far , but I'm really frustrated with one of my teachers already for an online class . Seriously , it's been 5 days and I'm already like WTF ? Is she going to teach the class , or is an online class supposed to teach itself ?! Hope she gets her $h ! t together - fast ... 
Just got back from seeing The Last Exorcism .... eh . Not really sure how I felt about it . It had moments where I was pleased with it , but overall I'd say it's not that great . And a lil too < PROPFIRST > Witch-ish ... My expectations were higher , so I'm a bit disappointed . 
This status was posted by a friend of mine whose son is on a freshman football team in ER : \Results\ 
So Amaya's been walking for about a month now , and all of a sudden the other day , she started climbing the stairs ! She's pretty good at it , but that leaves nowhere in our house really safe to let her wander around without watching her closely . So now we have a total of 4 gates on 3 staircases , plus one Grandma sometimes uses for her office doorway . 
Life lesson : One-year-olds who have recently started walking can and will get into pretty much anything within their reach ! NOTHING is safe anymore ! 
My poor baby ! Amaya just burned her hands on a hot metal surface a little earlier . It's not too severe , but it's still pretty red and there's some blistering . By far the worst owwie she's ever had - she cried like the world was ending ! :( 
So I'm pretty convinced my dad's Ambien works a lil too well ... Last night , I went up to my room to get ready for bed , and was puzzled that my dad had left his bedroom door open and didn't seem to be anywhere in sight . I opened my bedroom door , only to hear my dad snoring away ! He was so out of it when he got up to use the bathroom that he had gone to my room and passed out in my bed by mistake ! WTF ... 
How about a car crash to start off your weekend ? Not quite what I had planned when I left the house ... And now I have a no insurance ticket , a messed-up shoulder , and need to find a new car . Oh , and I owe my parents for the tow trick . Could've been worse , I guess ... 
Just found out that I passed a really important test for school !!! I had to get 90% or better , and if I hadn't , I'd have one < PROPMALE > to re-take it or I'd fail the whole class ! I got 92.5% ! < PROPFEMALE > HAPPY ! :D 
For once , thinking having the guys in my house hogging the TV to watch football is a good thing ... gives me space to study for school uninterrupted for a few hours - once Amaya's in bed , that is . :) 
SOOOoooooo tired ... Trying to force myself to stay up another hour or so cuz otherwise I'll wake up at 3am and not be able to sleep more . This is not a problem I normally have - usually I'm wide awake until 3am and can barely wake back up by 10am . 
In excruciating pain . I think that car accident messed my back up a lot more than I thought ... Been steadily getting worse all week . :( 
SOOO MAD !!! I spent two hours last night carving jack-o-lanterns so my 1-year-old daughter could get in the spirit of Halloween . They were probably on our step for 2 or 3 hours before some dumb %*%%^&% teenagers stole them and a bunch of other families ' pumpkins and smashed them on the street nearby . They just left the tops , as a reminder of how ^(* ! #$%$ stupid and cruel people can be . 
When life smashes your pumpkins , make pumpkin pie ... Thinking of blowing up a picture of our jack-o-lanterns prior to their being smashed and making a little memorial for them . Amaya may be too young to understand it ( thankfully ) , but this is the only thing I can come up with to not completely lose my enthusiasm for one of my absolute favorite holidays . 
For days now I thought Amaya was feverish and moody because she's cutting teeth , and now realizing she might have a UTI or some other kind of infection ! I feel < PROPFEMALE > bad , my poor baby ... Probably have to take her into an urgent care place tomorrow . My mom and I are both kicking ourselves for not recognizing the signs < PROPFEMALE > ner ! :( 
So just got back from Urgent Care for Amaya , and the doc says it probably is just teething . No infection or anything serious . I'm relieved , naturally , but it kinda stinks to drag her in and have her screaming bloody murder for nothing . Oh well , better safe than sorry . Now to get ready for some trick-or-treating ! :D 
It is said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they spoke just yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live . And , they don't hold grudges . They ...... understand that life is busy , but you will always love them ..... Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends ! 
Trust me , just try this ! 1)\ 
Go to Google maps . 2 ) Go to get directions . 3 ) Type Japan as the start \ 
location . 4 ) Type < PROPFEMALE > as the end location . 5 ) Go to direction #43 . 6 ) \ 
Laugh , and repost . 
Go to the Google search < PROPFEMALE > . Type in \Where is < PROPMALE > Norris ? \ " . Click on the first entry in the response list . " 
Omg , Amaya slept until 10am today - that NEVER ever happens ! I mean , she's no 6am kid , but damn ... It was probably my fault tho , she woke me up at 7:30 and I gave her a pacifier and let her go back to sleep without realizing what time it was ( how long has the sun been coming up this late ?! ) , but I still didn't think she would sleep another 2 1/2 hours ! 
Really tired of being in pain constantly . :( Think I need to go back to my doctor and see what's up ... 
Ugh ... can't the snow wait like a month ? Just for the holidays , then gone before my b-day ?! Puh-leeeeeze ??? 
Sooo effin ' tired ... Trying to figure out a focus for an argumentative essay topic - several general ideas , nothing specific enough ! Blah ... oh well , going to bed in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
\Always be intolerant of ignorance but understanding of illiteracy . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Angelou " 
Speechless . 97.5% on a super important test . Absolutely stunned , but elated ... or will be once it sinks in ... 
Taking my own advice ... Off to get some sleep ! :D 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Hope everyone enjoys their holiday and stays safe . I'll be spending mine doing homework , so eat extra for me ! When did I get all responsible and crap , anyway ?! lol 
< PROPFEMALE > tired . Did 6+ hours of homework today , even sacrificed having Thanksgiving with my family to get crap done , and yet still have < PROPFEMALE > much more to do this weekend ... I am not thankful for homework ! :( 
Beyond miserable . Woke up and immediately started sobbing today . It's not normal for a 16-month-old kid to wake up multiple times a night , every effing night ! Needed a good night's sleep desperately , and ended up waking up once every hour or two to a crying child the entire night ... can't keep being so sleep deprived , but can't afford to not get crap done either ... FML . 
I could really use a < PROPFEMALE > bit of free time in my daily life . I don't even care about the nonexistent social life right now . Just give me enough time to watch a movie at the end of the day without feeling guilty or exhausted , a couple times a week . That would be the best Christmas gift anyone could give me this year . 
So here's another question for all the moms out there : have you ever known or had a child deliberately gag themselves ?! Amaya's been doing it every now and then for a few months , totally at random , usually during or after meals . She sticks her fingers down her throat till she gags , and once she even puked all over Grandpa . She balled her eyes out , yet she still does it . 
Wow ! Googled about the gagging thing with Amaya , apparently it's not so rare . I'd never heard of it , but sounds like plenty of people have dealt with it . Most say it is for attention or out of curiosity , and she should outgrow it once she gets bored with it . 
Wow . Just ... wow . My mind is blown . Got some very unexpected news that I'm hoping is a good thing ... 
Frustrated . 
Looking at a very , very hectic and stressful week - just focusing on the fact that by this time next week I can ( hopefully ) relax more ! ... At least till next semester starts . lol 
So word has it that the cartoon pics were a scam by a pedophile to lure in kids ... I have to say I'm skeptical . It just doesn't make much sense to me , how that's supposed to work ..? But even if it's true , the support people have shown overpowers any negative intent , IMO . 
I LOVED you the second I heard your heartbeat . I LOVED you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a decision to allow your heart to walk around outside ... of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life itself . 
In for a long night of studying for my big final tomorrow ... Just hope I can get the sleep I so desperately need tonight . 
Ugh ... despite being exhasuted from a long , hectic day ... feeling pretty good . :) Lots of positives , especially toward the end here . And I'm almost done with school for the semester , YAY ! Now to pop in a movie , pass out , and hope Amaya sleeps well tonight so I can , too ... 
URGENT PLEASE READ !! Copy this text and put it in your status if you know someone or have heard of someone , who knows someone . If you don't know anyone or even if you've just heard of someone who doesn't know anyone then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . And the ...... hearts ????? For f***'s sake , don't forget the hearts !????? 
Off to boldly brave the blizzard to bring my baby to get pictures ... B ! :) 
The homeless go without eating . The elderly go without medicine . The mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them . Yet we give billions in tax breaks to the wealthiest 2% of Americans -- those who need it least . Only 1% of Facebook users will re-post this message . I am in that 1% -- what about you ? 
Irritated and no longer in the mood to decorate . 
UGH ! Had too much coffee with < PROPFEMALE > tonight , and now I have the terrible jittery feeling of a caffeine high . It was only one large mocha ... I'm such a lightweight - despite the fact that I have a big cup of coffee every morning ! :( 
Let's see ... school - done ( till Jan . ) ... shopping - done ... decorating - done ... gifts wrapped - halfway done ... baking treats - haven't started ... cleaning the house for guests - lmao ! Not done ... Oh , and waiting on pictures to send with cards . Still , not too shabby . :D 
Just ... tired ... so very tired , on so many levels ... :( 
Way , way , WAY too much to do today , already exhausted , and Amaya's been really crabby . This should be interesting ... 
< PROPFEMALE > happy my parents took care of Amaya and let me sleep in this morning - REALLY needed it ! Had a long and crazy but good Christmas with all my family . Amaya got spoiled ( esp . by me ) , and had a good time . Now to get the house in shape again ... 
I despise being sick ... and now Amaya's coming down with something , too .... -.-; 
It's funny how the the human brain doesn't process the fact that I spelled the word \the\ " back to back before the \ " human brain\ " in this sentence . " 
Finally got back online after one of the nastiest viruses I've ever had to deal with ... had to do a full system recovery and lost some of my files . ;_; I knew I shouldn't have downloaded that ... 
Probably gonna be offline awhile ... no internet at home , gonna have to go to my parents ' shop or my school's library for the time being . :( 
Thanks , everyone ! :D 
Back online , yay ! :D 
Ready to throw out the pacifiers and baby monitors ! Tired of tantrums and interrupted sleep ... :( 
Ready for this day to be over . Problem is it'll just start all over again tomorrow , and so on and so on ... God I could use a vacation . 
< PROPFEMALE > exhausted ... goin to bed ASAP ! Have an early class in the morning and it's gonna be below zero temps ... ick ! :( 
Been a long , long day and way too cold ... and it's still far from over ... :( 
Ugh ... maybe back surgery wouldn't be such a bad idea ... vicodin isn't even helping tonight . :( 
Seriously , who gets osteoarthritis at 26 ?! AND a herniated disc in the same spot ? This is messed up ... :( 
Via Cup of WTF : Have you noticed \strap-on\ " is \ " no-parts\ " backwards ?? Oh ... the irony . " 
Been in a weird funk the past few days . Not exactly depressed , but contemplative as all hell . Been having a lot on my mind . Ironically though , I've been less stressed out and anxious ... go figure . 
So I might've figured out why Amaya always wakes up a ton at night : shorter naps !!! Past 4 nights in a row she was really tired at bedtime and didn't wake up once ! YAY !!! 
Had an epidural steroid injection to help my back today ... I cannot believe they let me drive myself home like that ; I could barely feel anything below my waist for hours . At least I wasn't in pain ... 
Not feeling very loved for V-Day ... that's cool , tho . I've got my lil girl , so screw everyone else . :P 
Tomorrow , Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening , go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains , and unclick the \Tasty\ " box . Please repost . Good luck " 
FML ! ... Anyone know of a decent but cheap 1 or 2 bedroom place to live , and/or any emergency housing or financial assistance I should look into ?? Preferably in the Elk River to Coon Rapids area ? It's important ... 
The tension in here could strangle someone . Is it too much to ask to TRY to be civil , at least for other peoples ' sake ?! I feel really loved when people avoid even being in the same room as me ... pretty immature . 
Feeling the need tonight to list and reflect on all the blessings in my life . I'm so lucky and grateful I have these people/things to make the negatives a little more bearable . A note will follow ... 
I've learned time & again to never doubt how a single thoughtless action can change an entire life ; deciding to drink & drive can end a life ; a single night of lust can create a new life ; and one act of anger can destroy a relationship , a family , an entire life forever ... 
Sleep is singing me such a sweet lullaby , but alas ! The Sandman's running behind schedule ... :'( Guess I'll just hafta be patient ... 
Amaya and I had a great day with friends , and it was much needed ! Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > and the Greenbush clan ! :D 
So unbelievably tired . This chronic sleep deprivation crap needs to go ! My stress level needs to decrease , too ... 
Goin comatose in 3 .. 2 ... 1 .... x.x 
Very , very worried ... hoping everything turns out okay ... 
The good news : Dad might be home tomorrow . The bad news : they didn't figure out what caused this whole thing , at least so far . 
So incredibly swamped with homework at a time when I'm having a lot of trouble getting it done ... Spring Break can't get here fast enough ! :/ 
Stressing this big midterm project I have to finish for tomorrow ... I might not get any sleep tonight , and I'm already exhausted ! :( At least I have Spring Break next week ... 
Okay , back to work now ... still got a ways to go on this project , and my bed is luring me in ... 
• *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? \ 
Women are angels . And when someone breaks our wings , we simply continue to fly .. on a broomstick !! Be warned . We are flexible like that . Keep posting this girls ! \ 
? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? • *¨* •¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ? 
Despite feeling miserable and having a couple of crappy days , this is probably the first time in my life I HAVEN'T wished I could go to Japan ... My heart goes out to all nihonjin today for what they're going through - GANBATTE !!! ;_; 
(¯`v´¯)\ 
`· . ¸ . ·´\ 
¸ . ·´¸ . ·´¨) ¸ . ·¨)\ 
(¸ . ·´ This balloon heart is traveling around the world for all the victims in the Japanese Earthquake & Tsunami . Please pass this balloon on & show your Support & Prayers for them ALL during this devastating time 
Found my new car today ! :D Just hafta go meet the guy at the DMV tomorrow to transfer the title and pay the fees ... it's about time ! Pretty nice car for the $ too , just has dents from hail damage . 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
My baby loves dogs ! I'm so happy she got over being scared . A big thanks to Fenris and < PROPFEMALE > for all their help . ;) 
Having a great , exhausting Spring Break . Got my new car , got outta the house with my baby girl , did some shopping , some eating out , saw the Greats ' , and spent all day yesterday with friends in the cities and went to MOA . Amaya's loving getting out more , and so am I ! Can't wait for summer !! :D 
Spring Break's over , and way too soon ... :( Now the real fun begins - starting a new class that'll be 5 hrs a day 3 x's a week for 7 weeks .... plus the clinical hours , plus my other 3 classes & homework , plus full-time mommy-hood , plus my other resonsibilities , appts ., etc .... SUMMER ! WHERE ARE YOU ?!! ;_; 
Obviously , breaktime is over ... Pretty much had an anxiety attack last night over the nursing assistant course that just started - this class is uber important , has very high standards and requirements , consists of 15 in-class hrs . /wk . plus nightly homework and a week of supervised on-site clinical training , and determines not only if I graduate but if I can take the test to get my CNA certification ! STRESS !!! 
Damn .... it just took me like 20 mins . to un-bury my car - there was about 4-5 inches of snow covering the entire thing ! Now we can go to the store ... :/ 
DEADLY TERMS USED BY WOMEN :\ 
1 ) FINE - This is a word women use to end an argument when THEY know they're right and you need to shut up . \ 
2 ) NOTHING - This means SOMETHING and you need to be weary . \ 
3 ) GO AHEAD - This is a dare , not permission . DON'T DO IT ! \ 
4 ) WHATEVER - Is a woman's way of saying SCREW YOU ! \ 
5 ) THAT'S OK - She is thinking long and hard before deciding HOW & WHEN you WILL pay for your mistake ! 
Wow ... hectic day ( again ) . Amaya and I went out for brunch and shopping , and her nap was put off till 3 . My nephews and their friend got here a lil after 4 and just left . It's fun having them over and Amaya loves playing with them , but I'm exhausted ! Still hafta get Amaya ready for bed in awhile , then shower and homework ... 
Decided to drop my nursing class that started last week . I need it to graduate , so that'll be put off till Fall , but I just can't handle that class right now ... too intense and time-consuming . I'm having enough probs with anxiety and exhaustion as it is , and I still have plenty of homework for the next 6 weeks ... 
There comes a point in your life when FUN no longer means bar hopping , clubbing , being out til 4 am or drinking too much . It means movies , going out for family dinners , bedtime stories , and sleeping at 9 pm ... Becoming a parent doesn't change you .. it makes you realize that the little people you created deserve the best of your free time ! Re-post this if you are PROUD to be a parent and LOVE your \boring\ " life .!!! " 
