well , played arms of an angel , on the piano , that was fun . 

\you tell me that your better when you'd rather just forget .. \"" 
well , interesting , haha well oh damn . next subject . loved today hopefully i will get a < PROPMALE > to do it again ! \three hun . dred . six . < PROPMALE > . five . de . grees . BURNING DOWN THE HOUSE !!! \"" 
had a great time last night . best time ive had in a long while ! thanks ! hope to do it again soon , but for now i have to get ready for FFA banquet ... ugh .... 
\blood on my hands ... like the blood in you ... dont make me be myself around you \"" 
FFA on wensday , trip to springfield thursday , surely to be fun i hope . 
\still i want ... and still i wait ... to see you again ...... dying inside these walls . \"" 
\you're like my favorite disease . \"" 
wants to , really bad , but will probably be shut down , haha pitiful that im scared . 
getting sick . 
.................... 
\light the fuse and burn it all\ " Fuck all of this . " 
nobody is a good person . 
anyone know who the graduating class from st. libory is ? 
stuck for two days , miss ya girl 
Glad to be back , kinda wished that that look would have been happy though . 
hahahahaha , wow . 
Leben , Lachen , Liebe . 
whew , 13 hour work day , gonna do it again today , tired :D 
hahahaHAHAHHA 
\ok guys lets rock and roll ! \ " ... \ " rap and hip hop ! \ " .... \ " what ? \"" 
let it rock let it rock let it rock !!! 
okay , work time :D 
\as many times as I blink . \"" 
you wont find me in the same spot believe me , i could never stop , my lifes turned upside down , meet me outback by the train tracks , im leaving and im not coming back , your right and i was wrong , this town will be the downfall of us all !! :) hellz ya , kicked ass ! 
\cause ive got designs ... for lighting you up ... and watching you burn for me . \"" 
Prom tonight , ready to have fun with < PROPFEMALE > , and my friends . gotta work for what you want ! 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > , overall a great night , thanks everyone ! 
chores , than i should be free for today , look me up . 
Forgive me if I stutter From all of the clutter in my head Cuz I could fall asleep in those eyes Like a water bed Do I seem familiar , i've crossed you in hallways a thousand times , no more camouflage I want to be exposed , and not be afraid to fall . 
okay everyone , just leave , tryed to fix it but okay , sorry . 
shooting guns alll today and tomorrow , then the day after that , and after that , and after that hahahaha wanna join ? ahahahahaha 
but your the only one i want to talk to .. 
you want me ? come find me . make up your mind . 
now ... wow ... that was AMAZING .. miss her though . 
made 10th out of 150 in the livestock dairy judging ! hellz ya ! 
This is your life , are you who you want to be This is your life , is it everything you dreamed that it would be When the world was younger and you had everything to lose Dont close your eyes 
... Dont sweat the small stuff , you'll just put more water and worry in the ground than the rain ever will . 
wow ... miss her already ... 
\you have made me all I need to be \"" 
not going to work today ! time to clean and relax . 
four wheeler ride :D call me . 
Dodgeball , Fing amazing , watching BHG get smashed in the face , priceless :D FOR NARNIA !!! 
a 
baby im amazed by you . 
Cause ive got designs , for lighting you up , and watching you burn for me . 
okay , maybe lazer tag crew tonight , give me a ring at home or put a message on here !!!! 
.. i wont walk this road again , walk no path that a knife has ended up in your heart before . i intend to keep my promise . 
\crazy is just fine . cause I like where I'm going\ " miss her . " 
Lazer rock tongiht !!! let me know if you want to go , put a message below if you're interested . 
last call for lazer rock people , meet at school at 7 if you want to come 
Won , thank god , glad to have < PROPFEMALE > Waller as vice president , thanks to all who came out . 
\blow my speakers up till the sunlight ... imma fight till i see the sunlight \"" 
Well , just got back from horeshoes , tirrrrreeeeddddd , game sucked anyhow , wish i could call her now . 
its almost a shame , you want me ? you just lost me . you want me here ? I've already walked away , i tried , my black < PROPFEMALE > , and now ? goodbye . onto new and better things . im tired of all your bull :) 
Going to go watch the rain , happy to have you behind me . 
(= 
Breathing Life , Waking up , My Eyes Open up , \ 
Comatose , i'll never wake up without an overdose of you . 
Play was amazing , so was DQ , and everything about today was great , looking forward to tomorrow evening though , cant wait :D 
\waking up to you never felt so real\ " :) " 
amazing weekend so far , maybe tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > Gerfen 
you say you want a revolution . 
play :) 
the world spins only for those who will hold it in their palms , however it may turn . 
Become leaders , if WE dont do this , NO ONE will , show them what we can do , dont sit idle , reach up , and reach out . this is what we're meant to do , show the world what we're made of . LEAD OUT LOUD . 
Break tradition , never be satisfied with just here , always move ! Take what , and who you want with you , bring them to the next level ! if we are satisfied with where we are , when what do we become ? a constant ! dont be regular , be a leader , become what you want to see ! drive through hard times . enjoy what you have , remember what you had . but never stop , lead others into the future , show them what everyone can become ! 
Behind me , i love they way this went , hilarious , you'll never get over yourself till you see it through someone elses eyes . 
Hahahaha now , dance for me :) 
Let the fun and games begin\ 
She is vain and broken\ 
Skin is cold and white\ 
Such a lovely lonely night 
Tell me that you will listen , your touch is what im missin ... i dont want to live , i dont want to breathe , less i feel you next to me , waking up to you has never felt so real . 
Just for the < PROPMALE > to get you to have watch me leave , im moving on , to better things , without you now is just the best possible thing . 
If only you knew what I knew . but then , where would the fun in watching it all fall apart be all this time ? 
Absolutely loved tonight :) cant wait to see her again (: 
click click boom ... 
Sing the anthem of the angels\ 
And say the last goodbye\ 
I keep holding onto you\ 
But i can't bring you back to life\ 
Then say the last goodbye 
Shoot me , I'm already bleeding without you . 
I will not bow , I will not break , i will shut the world away , I will not Fall , I will not fade , i will take your breath away . 
Lets sing the Anthem of the Angels , Go ahead , and sing the Last goodbye . 
hope fills the heart and fades away , skin white as winter , as the sky turns to gray , days go on forever , but i have not left your side , we can < PROPMALE > the dark together , if you go .. then so will I . 
You greedy little bastard you , will get what you deserve , i will be the one to leave you in your misery and hate what you've become . 
bien mon < PROPFEMALE > , j'espère que vous passé une bonne journée , oui je suis Taling < PROPFEMALE > pour vous , haha doux rêves . 
¿Quién dice que no puedo ? Qui a dit que je ne devrais pas ? Was bedeutet es zu wissen ? Verständnis ? Wat betekent het voor iedereen ? Vad ska det betyda för < PROPFEMALE > ? It should mean everything . 
\if you're going to be dumb you gotta be tough ! \"" 
Sing The anthem of the Angels , and say the last goodbye , sing the anthem of the angels , .... and sing the last goodbye 
The Still Montgomeries = totall awesome . 
Just when you think that you're alright \ 
I'm calling out from the inside \ 
I never heard anyone \ 
I never listen at all \ 
\ 
They've come to get me again \ 
The cloud is over my head \ 
My polyamorus friend \ 
Got me in a mess of trouble again 
Ich würde dir den Himmel 
an alle , wenn ich , sprechen gute Nacht , süße Träume hört , und lass die Welt brennen selbst herunterfahren , sondern nur für Sie . 
Going to graduation this afternoon , fun , then parties .. hmmm . i think this calls for ... SHOTS ! 
Sing the last goodbye . 
so take these words , and sing out loud , because everyone , is forgiven now , because tonight's the night the world begins again ... because tonights the night the world begins again . 
you want me ? come find me , make up your mind . 
... only six days till :) 
last 72 hours ... worked nearly 40 of them .. lol wow ... i have nooooo life ... but I has money ! 
ugh , throwing up :( didnt think missing someone would do this . 
Sooo ready for state , tired of all this bullllllllllllllllll , fellow FFA MEMBERS WHOS READY TO PARTY ?!?!?! 
concrete and cars are their own prison bars , like this life im living in . but the plane brought me farther , im surrounded by water , im not going back again ! 
I like to make myself believe that the world turns slowly . 
I search for stillness , but worry kills it . I need to clear my head . I'm tired I need to rest . It all comes down to this , the quiet in the end . I listen for your voice , Recovery Begins . 
One . More . Day . then im outta here . 
Tell me would you kill to savor life ? tell me would you kill to prove your right ? crash , crash , burn , burn it all down . this hurricane is chasing us all down . 
let it fall , let it crash , burn slow . 
hehehehehe its time :) 
Convention was a blast !!!!!! cant wait for nationals now ! ROCK ON FFA !!!!!!!!!! 
Maybe ..... completely ..... Wrapped up in you ! 
Solid as concrete to < PROPFEMALE > on , Visible as plain day when you need me , when you dont , then what am I ? Simple as a < PROPFIRST > in the sky , unseen and unused . 
are you aware , that when i pull theres no pulling back ? cause you've got half the mind , half the strength , half the will . 
Maybe it's time to change\ 
And leave it all behind\ 
I've never been one to walk alone\ 
I've always been scared to try\ 
So why does it feel so wrong\ 
To reach for something more\ 
To wanna live a better life\ 
What am I waiting for ? \ 
' Cause nothing stays the same\ 
Maybe it's time to change 
I , I wont justify , the way i live my life , cause im the one living it , feeling it , tasting it , and your just wasting your time , trying to throw me a line , cause i like where im at , on my back , floating down in my own riptide ... the water is fine . 
\yeah you bleed just to know your alive \"" 
and again Intelligent words are always lost on the Ignorant . 
Gimme a HELL gimme a YEAH , HELL YA stand up right now !!! 
Push me down , break me apart , you'll never know it hurt , cause all I'm gonna do is smile ! 
.... quite possibly the dirtiest playlist .... EVER !!! :D 
Are you ready for the best damn ride of your life ? Gimme a hell , gimme a yeah ! HELL YEAH !! stand up right now ! Gimme a hell , gimme a yeah ! Stand up right now ! 
I feel it deep within , its just beneth the skin , i must confess i feel like a monster . 
Hold on tight , cause we're about to light it uppp . 
The party dont stop , no ... fight till we see the sunlight !!!! 
Standing on the rooftops , everybody scream your heart out !!! 
so you like my daughter do you now ? yeah we think shes something else ... i'll see you when you get back , probably be up all night still cleanin this gun :) 
I'm a little more country than that . 
Running away from the night , running into the light , no way to save our life .. 
all i can say is , i tear my heart open , i sew myself shut , and my weakness is that i care to much , and our scars remind us , that the past is real , i tear my heart open , just to feel . 
.... I think its about time for a road trip :D 
im drunk and im feeling down , and i just wanna be alone , im pissed cause you came around , why dont you just go home ? cause you channled all your pain , and i cant help you fix yourself , your makin me insane ... 
What was i thinkin ? oh i knew thered be hell to pay , but that crossed my mind a little to late . 
While the angels sang a whiskey lullabye ... 
pushin the pedal through the floor , im beggin for more , better hold on tight !!! ( hey hey hey hey !! ) 
lol ... < PROPMALE > carrington , you are my hero hahahahaha 
Chasing , chasing castles in the sky . 
But where I come from , Rain is a good thing !!! 
Her real < PROPFEMALE > , is to know id walk alone on that wire , to make her feel that fire , yeah , ohhh , feel that fire :) 
Fly over me evil angel , why cant i breathe evil angel ? ohhhhhhhhh . 
How do I need you ? well cant you tell ? i need you like a < PROPFEMALE > needs a wishin well , baby , completely , wrapped up in you . :) 
Dont Blink , just like that , youre six years old and you take a nap and you , wake up and youre twenty five , and your highschool sweetheart becomes your wife . 
We can watch the fireflies , try to outshine the stars :D 
Summer's moving on , reach for something thats already gone , yeah .. 
Better < PROPFEMALE > on if youre taggin ' along , ' cause we'll be doing this till six in the morning , Nothing wrong with going all night long , tough to put the brakes on , but doesnt matter when you gotta :) 
Get up , we go out , me and all my friends , drink up , fall down , then we do it all again ! 
Just sittin around , hanging out this afternoon :) 
baby lets take a drive , top down underneath the < PROPFEMALE > sky , we can watch the fireflies , try to outshine the stars :) 
who says you cant go home ?? lol road trip today ! 
Fighting never ends does it ? :) well , after i get an answer i'll decide on what to do 
I run to you ! 
time to sit right here , and have another beer in mexico ! 
seek me , for comfort , call me , for solace , I'll be waiting . 
Let me hold you now , baby close your eyes , dont open till the morning light . 
In the diary of < PROPFEMALE > , so tell me , how it should be !! 
Breakdown ! 
another moment is another eternity ! seek me , for comfort , for solace , I'll be waiting . 
Long as theres a hand to fan the flame , shes gonna feel that fire ! the one that lets her know for sure , shes everything i want and more ! 
Ive waited long enough , i want it more then anyone , its time to step up and deliver what you wanna see , my blood is pumping , now this is how its gonna be !! 
You say you know just who i am , you cant imagine what waits for you across the line , you thought you had me , but im still here standing , and im tired of backing down . and im here now , feeling the pain , of a thousand hearts , been to hell and back again , i wont take this !!! 
how it feels to be knocked down , now you see me through my eyes , now we're standing here feeling the pain of a thousand hearts , coming back to life again , we can make it !! 
We got all the right friends in all the right places , so yeah , we're going down 
Heaven is on the way , you can feel the hate , but i guess you never will . 
I'll shake the ground that you stand on , i'll still be here when youre long gone , its my turn , to burn and wreak havoc !!!! 
trying my hand at drawing , turning out really good so far :D 
back to the arms of the one who cares about , the sones like me , im so far down , away from the sun again . 
Im gonna fight um all , a seven nation army couldnt hold me back . 
Phone call crying in the middle of the night . ok . lets play this game . 
Even if the sky is falling down . 
it is impossible , to never tell the truth , but the reality is im getting away with murder ! 
cause its a Bittersweet Symphony this life . 
haha getting away with murder ! 
gimme a hell , gimme a yeah ! hell yeah ! 
nobodys gonna see us go crazy , so baby why dont we just dance ? down the hall , baby , straight up the stairs , bouncing off the wall , floating on air , baby why dont we just dance ?!! 
Senior year , here we are , try our best not to let you slide past us , lets make the most of what we have , and gain everything we want by betting everything we dont have , time to shine seniors , lets make this last roll the best ! 
you get a line , i'll get a boat , we'll go fishin in a crawfish hole , 5 card poker on a saturday night , church on sunday mornin ' 
haha well , schools on the way , lets get this rolling 
thus began , my love affiar , with water ! 
Just you and me tonight 
hahaha predator ... nah .... emp .. nah ... nuke .. nah .. wait ... WHAT ? 
I pray for you :) 
so im just sittin out here watching airplanes , take off , and fly :) 
ya when that summer sun , starts to beatin down , and you dont know what to do , grab your swimmin trunks , ice up that old Igloo , and drive until the map turns blue ! 
If you fall for me , im not easy to please , im only gonna break break your , break break your heart . 
Lets get a little mud on the tires ! 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes , 18 now ... now I can get into a whole hell of a lot more trouble ! 
We were the kings and queens of promise 
We were the kings and queens of promise\ 
We were the victims of ourselves\ 
Maybe the children of a lesser god\ 
Between heaven and hell , Heaven and hell . 
Pouring salt into the open wound , is it over yet ? let me in , so sacrifice yourself and let me have whats left , i know that i can find the fire in your eyes , Im going all the way , get away please . 
Till I Collapse ! 
Ok , well no ffa float but if you'd like to walk in the parade , let me know ! 
Maybe the children of a lesser god , between heaven and hell , heaven and hell ... 
If you want to march with FFA in the parade , meet us by midland state bank at 5 and send me a text , roll call too , send me a text if youre going to walk with us . 
till the roof comes up , till the lights go out , till my legs give out , cant shut my mouth , till the smoke clears out , am I high ? perhaps- till my legs give out from underneath me ! 
Watching Airplanes :D 
Just wondering if the FFA knows that last night was the highest attendance in 3 years , and the first committee formed in three years too , hellz ya ! 
hahaha , sometimes you just gotta be a little crazy to keep up with some things in life !! 
Until my legs give out from underneath me , I will stand tall !! 
inside out and inbetween , i know you will cover me , so run away , make haste , and get laid , get laid , you turn me up , ive had enough , so medicate , medicate ! 
heaven is on the way , you can feel the hate , but i guess you never will . 
count on me , i'll be the one smiling when everyones staring at the floor , i'll be the one flying whenever everyone else is crawling in the dirt , count on me , i'll be there . 
Im an ordinary guy , BURNING DOWN THE HOUSE !!! 
yes i hate the way i feel tonight , and i know i need you in my life . i hate the way i feel inside and i promise to make , that sacrifice . 
Lights out , turn on the radio , turn that shit up ! 
It has to start somewhere , it has to start somehow , what better place then here , and now ? ALL HELL CANT STOP US NOW !! 
Tonight I start the fire ! Break , Away , from everybody , break , away from everyone ! If you cant stand the way this place is , take yourself to higher places !!! 
Gone for good , but in fact what does that mean ? haha :P nickelback . 
Its understood that hollywood sells californication .. 
Birds go flyin at the speed of sound to show you how it all began , birds kept flyin from the underground , if you could see it then you'd understand . 
the Frickin Blue Angels are at the air show this weekend , anyone interested in maybe going sunday with me ?????? 
ah hell .... fubar . 
So im just sittin out here watchin airplanes . take off , and fly high . 
Airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ... 
like noone ever hated , lets try and use imagination . 
i wanna heal , i wanna feel , like im close to something real . i wanna find what ive wanted all the long , somewhere i belong . 
the longing , time !, The yearning , there is love , burning to find you , will you wait for me ? will you be there ? 
tonight , i start the fire , tonight , i break away ! 
cause he never risked anything , he hoped and he wished it , but it didnt even fall in his lap , so he ain't even here , he pretends that , airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars . 
Baby , completely , wrapped up in you :D 
work , then the rush to get ready for homecoming dance , hard to believe that its my last one ..... better make this one count huh ? lets go freeburg ! 
Your own doubts wont get you anywhere here , leave them behind , and live in a world where everything can change in an instant , come live in our world , where each breath can tell a story . 
speak to me using no words , understand me without knowing me , feel the fire i flow from my fingertips when i push , just cant stand here , gotta move . live laugh love may be a lifestyle , but work , tears , and blood is how we accomplish it . 
left a hole where my heart should be , got to fight just to make it through , cause i'll be the death of you ! im waiting , im fading , realize , start hiding !! 
come , break me down , bury me bury me , i am finished with you . 
and when i think of all the places i just dont belong , ive come to grips with life and realize this is going to far ... i dont belong here i gotta move on here , escape from this afterlife . 
im so happy cause today , i found my friends , they're in my head ... im so ugly , but thats okay , cause so are you , broke our mirrors . sunday morning is everyday for all i care , light my candles , in a daze , cause i found God . 
i like it im not gonna crack , i miss you im not gonna crack , i love you im not gonna crack , i killed you im not gonna crackkkkk . 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I love you\ 
Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense\ 
Never let your prayin ' knees get lazy\ 
And love like crazy 
and i ask the lord , every night , for just another day in paradise :) 
I'll do what i wanna do , cause i wasnt built to lose !! 
Love Like Crazy 
go to work , do your best , Overuse I love you ! 
go to work , do your best , dont outsmart your common sense , dont let your prayin knees get lazy , and love like crazy !!! 
I want a girl with Lips Like Morphene 
Simple and clean is the way youre making me feel tonight , its hard to let it go . 
uhh , hours roll into days , pain rolls into sleepless nights , oh well , gotta keep moving , and hope they forgive me . 
and i said baby , its 3am i must be lonely !! .. well the rains gonna wash away , i believe this . 
back and fourth in my mind behind a cigarette , and a message coming from my eyes that say leave it alone . 
In you and I there's a new land\ 
Angel's in flight\ 
wonk uoy naht noitceffa erom deen I\ 
My sanctuary my sanctuary yeah\ 
Where fears and lies melt away\ 
Music inside\ 
What's left of me what's left of me now\ 
My fears and lies\ 
Melt away\ 
wonk uoy naht noitceffa erom deen I 
just to much that time cannot erase , when you cried id , wipe away all of your tears , when you scream id fight away all of your fears , i held your hand through all of these years , but you still have ... all of me . 
whatever lies beyond this morning is a little later on , nothings like before . 
Imma be what i set out to be , without a doubt undoubtedly , and all those who look down on me , im tearing down your balcony ! 
i will live again , i will break in , better in the end ... hold me down , you had to have it all , well have you had enough ? you greedy little bastard , you will get what you deserve , when all is said and done , i will be the one who will leave you in your misery and hate what you've become . heaven help you . 
Simple and clean is the way youre making me feel tonight , its hard to let it go , hold me , whatever lies beyond this morning , is a little later on , reguardless of warnings , the future doesnt scare me at all , nothings like before . 
well , certainly a mix bag of emotions , stuff at home happened , turned out for the better i guess , and had to wipe away someone elses tears . that kinda sucked but . overall , AWESOME :D 
The Future Doesnt Scare Me At All . 
AAAAAAAANNNNNND a goat . 
pictures of you , pictures of me , all upon your wall for the world to see , pictures of you , pictures of me , remind us all of what used to be . 
this is the story of us all , this is the sound of a newborn child before he starts to crawl , this is a soldier and his gun , this is the mother waiting by the phone , praying for the call . 
If I could fall , into the sky , do you think time , would pass us by ? 
We are the boxers in the ring , we are the bells that never sing , there's a title we just cant win , no matter how hard we swing . 
you probably thinkin that you cooler than me :P 
Please join me in putting this as your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors . It's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind of ......... unstoppable . 93% won't copy and paste this , ... but let's see that 7% that will . 
Everything we < PROPFEMALE > to be . 
WOOOOHOOOO higher taxes for FCHS surrounding areas ! good job freeburg ! 
get up , get up , get up , drop the bombshell , get up , get up , get up , this is outta control ! 
21st century killing machine , get up get up get up , get gone 
today i felt like someone else cause i < PROPMALE > my original self from the top bunk with a belt . 
you wont find me in the same spot believe me I could never stop , my lifes turned upside down , meet me out by the train tracks I'm leaving and I'm not coming back , this town will be the downfall of us all ! 
well , things always moving forward , lets keep moving !! 
Has figured out dynamite on piano ... and feel damn proud x ) 
Cause I told you once , now I told you twice , we gonna light it up like its dynomite !! 
I thow my hands up in the air sometimes , sayin aaayyyooo gotta let go , I wanna celebrate and live my life , saying aaayyyoooo baby lets go ! 
the way you turn me on , dont ever look back . 
DROP THE BOMBSHELL !!!!!!!! 
Gimme a HELL ! Gimme a YEAH ! HELL YEAH ! STAND UP RIGHT NOW ! 
never been one to walk alone , always been scared to try , so why does feel so wrong ? to reach for something more ? to wanna live a better life , what am I waiting for ? ' cause nothing stays the same ... Maybe its time to change . 
Lady antebellum piano cover , you have been officially mastered :P 
rape me , rape me my friend , rape me , rape me again 
whats my age again ? whats my age again ? 
I'll do what I wanna do , ' Cause I wasn't built to lose 
first born unicorn , hard core soft porn , dream of californication 
just gonna stand there and hear me pray , thats all right cause i love the way you lie . 
got all my dates , basic , tech school . now just to do it :) official USAF recruit !! 
try not to miss me when im gone , oh woah ohhh , i sold my soul to the open road , you wont find me in the same spot believe me i could never stop , my lifes turned upside down , meet me out past the train tracks , im leaving and im not coming back , you were right and i was wrong , this town will be the downfall of us all ! 
we have all heard , what we wanted to hear . the \truth\ " that sounds right to our ears . " 
When this world fades away \ 
I will see you again 
I never wanted , and I never cared before , Now take it back , this is a new day . 
This ... is who we are . 
If we are all against the grain , then why are we all facing the same way ? 
For what use is there praying if you will only hear what you want to hear ? 
We are not the same , as I hope to show , There is a better way if we just let go .. we are not the same , let go , just let go . 
Remind yourself of why we fight . Is it to uphold what we believe ? no . Is it to stop what others believe ? no . Is it because the differences between us ? maybe . Is it because we believe we're better than the other ? no . Is it because we've reached for the same thing , in two very different ways ? Definitly . 
I just wanna save you while theres still something left to save . 
Define your meaning of fun , is it fuckin , druggin , or guns ? 
I won't justify , the way I live my life , Cause I'm the one Livin it , feelin it , tasting it and you're just wasting your time , tryin to throw me a line , when you're the one drowning , I like where I'm at , On my back floating down in my own Riptide , The water is fine ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone :) 
If the voice stops singin , will you know who I am ? if the drugs stop working , will you know how to live ? if the beat stops beating , will you still want to dance ? and if you cant hear it , I've given it all for you !! 
Come on and RISE YOUR GLASS !!! 
Just Singin , ' You , are , you . ' 
Definitly FUBAR moments when we're together haha BURN IT TO THE GROUND !! 
Time grabs you by the wrist , directs you where to go , so make the best of this task and don't ask why , its not a question but a lesson learned in time 
lights go out and I cant be saved , tides that ive tried to swim against , have put me down upon my knees , oh I beg , I beg and please . 
I'm on the front lines , don't worry , I'll be fine , my story's just beginning , say goodbye to my weakness , so long to regret , and now I see the world through < PROPFEMALE > Eyes . 
This is a battle call , to one , to all !! The opposition , who will take the fall !! 
so lush and green outside , hmmm ... think im gonna go riding :D 
