is really going to start packing < PROPMALE > . i swear !! 

anyone that didnt get an updated invite please let me know ! everyone is invited !!!!!! 
is actually packing ! clothes , shoes , pics , hair stuff , and candles done ! im already pooped and that's maybe 1/18 of all the crap we have . def dreading the kitchen !!!! 
3 days to go .... 
still hating sprint ! thinking about going to att , i phone hear i come :) 
is worried 
hopeing today will be a better day ! 
just watched the vma's kanye is such an ass ! and lady gaga is amazing !! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . ( Please make sure it is a memory that is suitable for public knowledge ! ) When you've finished , post this paragraph on your ............ own status ; you'll be surprised at what people remember about you ! 
getting ready to go get a new phone !! 
happy anniversary < PROPMALE > !! 
discovered that my eyesight isnt the best ! i tried to play the typing maniac and i cant see the words !!! 
getting ready to go buy tickets to the beer fest ! wish me luck cause i have no idea where im going and im sure im going to get lost ! i hate driving around here ... its so confusing ! i miss the ks roads that i knew so well !! 
80 degrees ! 
had lots of fun last night ! < PROPMALE > and i were in the top ten of the costume contest at the < PROPFEMALE > :) 
umm it was 84 degrees saturday and its barely 60 today ! im cold :( 
THIS IS IMPORTANT ! Brooklyn Sickman was severly injured in an accident in early sept . This is a wonderful local family . Please help support the Sickman family by attending a Browntown show this thurs pm at Fuel . You can find more info on the event on The Brooklyn Fund Benefit w/ BROWNTOWN < PROPFEMALE > , there is also a link for the Brooklyn Fund on my < PROPFEMALE > , which you can join to find more ways to help the Sickman family . 
REVISED : THIS IS IMPORTANT ! Brooklyn Sickman was severly injured in an accident in early sept . This is a wonderful local family . Please help support the Sickman family by attending a Browntown show thurs 11/19 at Fuel . You can find more info on the event on The Brooklyn Fund Benefit w/ BROWNTOWN pg , there is also a link for the Brooklyn Fund on my < PROPFEMALE > , which you can join to find more ways to help the Sickman family . 
went to the < PROPFEMALE > corps ball last night ! it was lots of fun :) 
Happy Veterans Day !! Thanks to everyone who serve/served our country !! 
really wants fb to come out w the dislike button . the stuff some people say on here is just too much ... 
going to see new < PROPFEMALE > as soon as my hubby gets home , and we go pick up my new glasses . that way i can actually see the movie 8 ) 
is sick of laundrey ! it never ends :( 
getting ready to make all kinds of good food for turkey day !! 
happy thanksgiving !! hope everyone has a wonderful day ! dont catch anything on fire trying to deep fry ur turkey ! 
is sooo stuffed . everything turned out beautifully ! 
got up at 4am to go shopping . this is the first year we've done that . we got an awesome deal on a really nice tv !! and a kitchen table . so it was worth it ! 
saw blind side yesterday , it was really good !! 
all of my ks friends be careful !! looks like the weather is a lil crazy !! 
spent most of the day at the vet w < PROPMALE > yest . he's ok . just has a bacterial infection . but it made for a really long day ! 
Let's see how forthcoming my FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 brave friends ( or more ) who will do this 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone !! 
its super cold ! they had to turn off our heater last night bc it was broken ... our washer broke yesterday too . and on of the igniters on the stove isnt working . happy new year :) 
loves diet dr pepper ! 
we got a new washing machine last night , because ours was broken . gues what i'll be doing all day ... 
making boeuf bourguignon for dinner ! smells yummy :) and im drinking a glass of the red wine that goes in it ... 
It's time to show the world that more of us support our troops then dont'! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour !! And if you don't stand behind our troops , then please feel free to stand in front of them !!! COPY AND PASTE IT PEOPLE ...... Thank you 
ugghhhhhhhhh 
I LOVE MY MOM ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile 
ok i officially love to hate my eliptical . i luve using it , it just totally kicks my a ** everytime ! i used it today around noon and just used it again cause i couldnt sleep . i hope i get obssesed w it so i can be a hottie soon :) 
it days like these i remember so clearly why i dont drink red bull and vodka ... 
sooo glad im not hungover today :) 
just got a stability ball , its hard ... but < PROPMALE > keeps trying to play with it , so he's cracking me up :) 
just to let everyone know , who probably thinks im snotty ... for some reason my computer wont log me off of fb all the time . so if you IM me and i dont answer its not cause im ignoring you !! im just not on here :( sorry if i hurt anyones feelings ! 
had my first ultrasound today . its was so amazing . i got to see and hear the heartbeat . its definately worth being so sick the past few months ! 
is sleepy . im so tired this first time i typed this i spelled sleepy wrong ! 
i heard some shocking news today ... < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is gay :) who knew ??? 
matts coming home today !!!!!! 
It's 89 degrees out !!!!!!!!! 
Sooo excited for < PROPMALE > to be here tomorrow !!!!!! 
so sad < PROPMALE > left today :( we had so much fun while she was here ! 
I went to the dr Friday . Everything is still going great . I'm 19 weeks today :) we find our what we're having 6/2 . I can feel the little one moving around in there :) 
Anyone want to start guessing if it's going to be a boy or girl ??? I'm interested to know what everyone thinks :) 
It's a boy !!! 
< PROPMALE > is gone :( anybody wanna come visit ? im lonely :( 
its soooo hot outside ! it's after 9 and its still in the 90's . ugggghhhh 
the lil one is kicking sooo much ! its crazy ! 
Missing my Hubby 
uuuuggghhhh 
Starbucks has decaf frappacinnos !!!! Yay !!!!! 
Hubby comes home a week from today :) 
We don't have to move !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I was in the kitchen for 8 hrs straight . I canned yummy dill pickles and salsa ! Haha barefoot , pregnant , and in the kitchen ;) 
Had the best day today ! < PROPMALE > out w my girls < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Laid out and made an amazing shrimp boil for dinner :) 
Happy fathers day babe ! Wish u were here !! 
Hubby comes home tonight !!!! 
Any kind of food tv is the devil when ur pregnant !! I'm about to drive to < PROPFEMALE > just to have a sandwich !!! 
I can see my belly moving now !! He's shy tho , whenever < PROPMALE > comes over to feel or see it he stops :( 
Making more pickles !! I think I'm obsessed but it's fun and they're sooo good :) 
Starting on the nursery today ! There's a lot to do ! 
Happy Independence Day ! Thank you to my corps family ! Love you guys and miss you all ! And of course , thanks you so much to my wonderful hubby ! Love you sooo much ! 
Been busy all weekend . We got everything organized and put in the attic . The office is officially ready to turn into the nursery !! Thanks for working so hard babe ! 
I don't think my belly button is going to pop out ... 
It's looking pretty scary outside 
sooo tired ! did hair and went to sams today . doesnt sound like much , but im pooped ! got to hold the cutest lil baby boy today ! he's so sweet . i'm pretty sure < PROPMALE > wanted to take him home w us ! 
How is it possible to be tired 99% of the time ??? 
It's finally not 100 degrees outside !! Now maybe I can start to sleep under the covers again :) 
Watched the runaways last night . It was really good , but equally disturbing . < PROPFEMALE > fanning is soooo young to have a role like that . 
Looking online for the perfect baby bedding . Oh , what a pain . There are so many different sets to choose from . Im going to go crazy !!! 
speding the day refinishing our sons vintage dresser ! hopefully all goes as planned ! 
I'm what I am , and I'm what I'm not . I'm sure happy with what I've got . I live and love and laugh a lot . That's all I need :) 
It's 109 out . I can't wait till fall ! 
Nap time :) 
We'll go ... Shoppin at the market , shoppin at the market , shoppin at the market . Hahaha . 
sooooo sleepy 
I love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . I feel like she's part of my family :) 
So irritated ! The class < PROPMALE > and i signed up for , that starts on Monday , has just been cancelled ! There are no other classes till the end of Sept . Which will do us no good . I'm freaking out just a little bit !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I have the best Hubby in the world ! He went out at 6:45 this morning to get me breakfast !! 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > , my dancing < PROPFEMALE > . You will be missed by many . 
Finally got all of the office furniture out of the nursery . We're putting together the crib and changing table !! 
Watched Fight Club for the first time last night . I loved it ! I think it's one of my new fav movies ! 
Crocheting the baby bean a blanket . Let's see if it's done before he's born :) 
Getting ready to watch caddyshack . This is matts 1st time !! 
this baby is breaking my back ! he's worth it though :) 
I bought the recovery album yesterday . It's amazing ! The orignial em is back ... 
Here comes hurricane < PROPMALE > !! 
Had the best day w my Hubby yesterday . It was a beautiful day , we ran all our errands , and had a wonderful b day dinner for < PROPMALE > . Love u babe ! 
Tru blood marathon !! 
< PROPMALE > found a frog . He chased it all over the yard . It was hilarious !! 
I'm soooo tired ! I ran errands for 5 hours today . My back is broken and my belly is sore too :( I think I'm ready to have this baby ! 
< PROPMALE > comes home tonight !!!!! 
Thanks everyone for the b day wishes ! I had a great day . < PROPMALE > came home from guatemala , the weather was beautiful and I had chocolate tower truffle cake from cheesecake factory !! 
My dr talked me into getting a flu shot yesterday . I've never had one before . So , no surprise , I feel like crap today :( boooooo 
soooo sleepy ! i'm going to bed and staying there forever !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Our 3 year anniversary is tomorrow ! Happy anniversary babe !! 
My moms flying in today !!! 
Waiting ..... 
The date is set for Thursday ! Went to see the dr today . She gave me the option to induce , I'm taking it !! I'm super excited and scared at the same time !! 
Tomorrow is the big day ! Wish me luck . We'll keep everyone up to date w everything ! 
He's perfect ! 6 lbs 12.5 oz . 19 inches long . He was born 10/14/10 at 2:58 . We're both doing great . Thanks for all the congrats and kind words ! 
I have a new found respect for dairy cows 
We have such great friends ! Thank you < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Happy 235th Marines ! God bless , Semper Fi !! 
< PROPMALE > is a month old today ! It's going by so fast already ! 
Is it normal that I look at my son and I love him so much it hurts ???? <3 <3 <3 
My baby bug had to get 3 shots today . Poor guy . It was so sad to see him hurting :( 
I'm on my own for a whole week . Everybody wish me luck . I think I'm really gonna need it . 
I'm addicted to intervention ... 
I finally got socks that fit < PROPMALE > . He has huge feet . He's 2 months and he's wearing 6 month socks ! 
I wish I was in the Oprah audience today . She's giving out all kinds of cool stuff !!! 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > Coffey ! 
First road trip with < PROPMALE > ! Going to DC to pick up < PROPMALE>'s parents . 
Making prime rib , rissotto , and asparagus for dinner ! And chocolate mousse layer cake for dessert . < PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ! 
It's snowing like crazy ! 
Going on date night for the first time since < PROPMALE > got here ! 
Went and saw Black Swan yesterday . It was amazing . I think it's the best movie I've ever seen !! 
Just worked out for the first time since I had < PROPMALE > . It felt great ! Hopefully I'll keep it up . 
< PROPMALE > ate 1/2 of a cheese ball and part of a block of jalepeno cheddar while we were upstairs !!!! 
