ugh ! Why does half of middle school revolve around boys when they can be total jerks ? Boys Suck !! 

why are people so mean ?? whats up with rumors ?? Why cant people just agree to disagree and leave it at that ?? 
whats on my mind ?? how bout why people cant not talk about people and ruin a persons day ... or why guys cant see whats right in front of them sometimes ... are they blind or do they choose to be jerks ?? i would like to know ... 
Betrayal and heartbreak could be the worst pain ever ... Why do these feelings have to exist ?? I hope those feeling these feelings find a remedy for these aches ! 
if < PROPFEMALE > is so popular , then why do you need to buy her friends ?? ha i seen this and thought it was funny :) what do you think ?? 
I love how crazy people can be . I mean how boring would it be without crazy people ?! Ha yea power to the crazie's!! :D the funniest thing ever though is when something wierd happens in a crazy person's life and they dont know what to do ! :D and by crazy i mean spazzy :D just to clarify :) 
OMG ! OMG ! OMG !!!! my little brother was born yesterday !!! ahhh im freaking out !!! haha anyone have any GOOD advice on how to take care of boyyz ??? haha 
How is it possible that every time you look at a specific person you cant help but notice that every time you do they always seem to get more beautiful , or more handsome , or more amazing than the last time ?? 
During October , we remember all babies born sleeping , or whom we have carried but never met , those we have held but could not take home , or the ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your status if you or someone you know has suffered a miscarriage or the loss of a baby . The majority .. won't do it because the loss of a baby is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all lost angels ?, R . I . P 
is waiting .... 
One of the best sleep-overs i ever had was saturday night . WHHOOOO awesome times !! yea !! 
YYYAAAAYYY !!!!! I think this is the first time i did my hair and it didn't get completely ruined by the rain !!! Im lovin it !!!! xD 
YAY !!! Im finally HALF way done with setting up holloween decorations !!! -.- 
Drama ! Drama !! Drama !!! Is there an end ?? -.- 
thinks < PROPMALE > high is the wierdest thing in the world . It can be so twisted and mean , but then so amazing and awesome .... wierd . 
One of the BEST WEEKENDS EVER !!!!!! thx Angel !!! ^.^ 
YAY !!! I feel accomplished . I actually made cup-cakes without burning the vrap out of them and they taste good too !!!! ^.^ Ahahaha take that < PROPFEMALE > Crocker !!! 
Has anyone ever had a dream and they can't stop thinking about it ??? or am i just wierd ??? 
Ahhhh !!!!!! Why is it that the week takes sooo ... long to get through and then when Friday is here youre all happy but then it's randomly Sunday night and you realize NOTHING happened except another boring and short weekend ?!?!?! 
Today was a good day . I realized who really were my friends . :) I'm glad i found out who wasn't :) 
Have you ever wanted a hug from only ONE person because you knew that that ONE hug would make you feel better , but then you realize you can't get that hug ?? 
No matter where i hide my socks ... the sock monster always finds them -.- 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
Dad dont get mad at me .... but usher is HOT !!!!! 
I <3 < PROPMALE > Mars !!!! 
mhm ..... chocolate chip cookies .... ^.^ 
