just bought a house in Colorado Springs !! 

is disappointed that the haji copy of Transformers 2 SUCKS !! Just have to wait until I come home to see it . 
is completely packed and ready to go home at the end of the month !!! 
ready to go home in 20 or so days !!! 
has a HUGE dork for a friend ! 
can't wait to get back to the states . So tired of the same shit everyday ! 
wants to be a covert spy operative !! 
is a successful home owner !! 
will be home for good in a few days !!! 
is sitting in < PROPFIRST > , Ireland waiting to head home !! 
Lovin my new home and being back in Colorado ! 
It fucking snowed here already . In for a hell of a winter . Yay for snowboard season !! 
Zombieland is fucking awesome ! 
fucking loves snowboarding !! 
I just recieved a letter in the mail to be a bone marrow donor . That shit is gonna hurt , but its a < PROPMALE > to save someone's life , so I guess its the < PROPMALE > thing to do . 
Had a good time with friends and brought in the new year right . Just hoping this year will be better than the last half of last year . I made some mistakes that I have learned a great deal from . So here's to a brand new start . 
Never thought living in an empty house would be so depressing . 
Work fucking blows !! It's funny cause I'm at work and doing nothing signifcant . 
I fucking LOVE snowboarding ! Except quarter pipes , havent figured those out yet and bust me ass everytime lol . 
Looking forward to going boarding Keystone again this week , gonna catch some big air ! 
Thank you all for wishing me a happy birthday . 
I leave thursday for San < PROPMALE > for a week to finally do the donation for my leukemia patient . What to do in San < PROPMALE > ??? 
Its the final countdown until Im free from this shitty place called the Army ... 44 days !!! 
Exactly 1 month left in the Army , cant fucking wait to be done with it . 
I have 12 business days of work left until I'm a free man again . Its been a hell of a ride . 
10 working days until I'm done with the army ! Woot woot . 
Is < PROPMALE > LUSTER ! 
has 1 week left before he claims his freedom once more ! 
4 days until I'm out ! 
67 hours until I'm free from Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! 
40 hours left . Muhahaha ! 
24 hours left in this monkey suit . 
Is officially out of the Army ! Once again a civilian ! Woot woot ! 
Feels great to not have to wake up at 430 in the morning to go do something I hate . 
Doing nothing for a change has never felt better ! 
Is in Spokane for a week or so . Who is in town ? 
Fixing up the chevelle so I can drive it . :-) 
Fixing classic cars pricey ! New dual carb manifold , new < PROPFEMALE > 650 cfm carburetor , a new water pump , and replacing the timing belt with an accu-drive timing gear < PROPFEMALE > . 
Waiting for my parts to come in so I can put the chevelle back together . 
Sad day , my parts wont be here until the first week of June . 
Twitter = the place between your twat and shitter . 
Man has created synthetic life from nothing ! Such an amazing feat . The next decade is going to be very interesting in science . 
When rulers take grain so that they may feast , Their people become hungry ; When rulers take action to serve their own interests , Their people become rebellious ; When rulers take lives so that their owns lives are maintained , Their people no longer fear death . When people act without regard to their own lives , They overcome those who value only their own lives . 
When the Way is fogotten , Duty and justice appear ; Then knowledge and wisdom are born , Along with hypocrisy . When harmonious relationships dissolve , Then respect and devotion arise ; When a nation falls to chaos , Then loyalty and patriotism are born . 
Those who know others are wise ; those who know themselvesare enlightened . Those who overcome others are powerful ; those who overcome themselves are strong . Those who are contented are < PROPMALE > ; those who act strongly have will . Those who do not lose their place endure ; those who die without perishing live long . 
is a very proud owner of Front Range Farmacy !!! Time to take over the Springs !!! 
Front Range Farmacy , open for business tomorrow !!! Come one , come all 1831 < PROPFIRST > Bluffs Suite 101 . A mile from USSC , we're taken over !!! 
Anything is possible ! :) 
I live first and leave the bullshit dead last ! 
The reason for Time is so everything doesn't happen at once . 
Will never lose sight of the light at the end of the tunnel ! 
I'll stare straight into the sun and I wont close my eyes ! 
Woohoo for snow on Pike's peak ! Good sign for a killer snowboarding season ! :-) 
When life gives you lemon , throw em away and say fuck it . 
You embrace that which defines you . 
You fucking suck Broncos , you could have won ! Good job Seahawks , kicking some ass ! 
Nonexistent when we keep our hearts cold ... 
Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . Every story has an end , but in life every end is just a new beginning . 
Life is full of surprises , some good and some bad , but you have to deal with what it throws at you and continue pushing forward . 
Shine on you crazy < PROPFEMALE > . 
Strawberry fields forever ! 
Just another brick in the wall . 
Comfortably Numb 
Fuck My Life ! 
I forgot how much Gizmo rocks ! 
Loveland opens tomorrow ! Hells yeah , hitting the slopes early this year ! 
Up bright and early , gonna be the first up the mountain with my bros . Time to shred the slopes ! 
Lovin Loveland and all this snow ! 
Had a great time snowboarding with my bros on the first mountain open for the season . 
< PROPFEMALE > just keeps kicking me while I'm down . 
Its snowing in Colorado Springs ! 
Wanting the one true thing that I fucked up . I'll never be able to forgive myself if I lose it . 
Each night , I wish to God he'd let her rest . \ 
Oh , this hurts me more than any man can bear . \ 
She's my angel from the west , \ 
There will never be one to take her place ... \ 
... My < PROPFEMALE > of the stars . 
We lay side by side , Between the < PROPFEMALE > and the tide , Mapping the stars for awhile . 
One must reflect on their mistakes and learn from them , otherwise history repeats itself and one can never move forward or fix their mistakes . 
Beautiful inside , \ 
So lovely and I , \ 
Can't see why I'd do anything without you , you are , \ 
And when I'm not with you , \ 
I know that it's true , \ 
That I'd rather be anywhere but here without you . 
Let me light up the sky , \ 
Light it up for you , \ 
Let me tell you why , \ 
I would die for you , \ 
Let me make this mine , \ 
I'll ignite for you . 
Its official , 3 weeks into my job and already promoted to Lead Training Assistant . 
Making some changes for the better , t-minus 1 week . 
Focus on what is necessary to acquire what you need . 
I took everything for < PROPMALE > , a mistake I will never make again . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . I hope you all are thankful for the lives you have and the family and friends around you and never take any of your lives for granted and < PROPFEMALE > every moment with the ones you love and who love you . 
I'll stare straight into the sun and I wont close my eyes until I understand or go blind . 
For all of you who are aware of the situation , I just got out of jail on harassment charges . So for those of you slandering , it's not true , I did not break into my house , I let myself into my own home . And I did not hurt < PROPFEMALE > in anyway shape or form , nor did I throw her down any stairs or hit her . 
You can't change the past and you'll ruin the present by predicting the future . 
In your eyes I lost my place could stay awhile . I'm melting in your eyes like the first time that I caught fire . 
Despite the lies that you're saying , your love is mine for the taking , my love is just waiting to turn your tears into roses . 
Lost in a void of darkness . 
The only person who looks out for you , is yourself ! No one has had my back since the beginning , so I thank you all for nothing . 
Keeping my head held high and driving forward ! 
TRON = BADASS !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Enjoy the holidays with the ones you love and the family and friends who you are thankful for . Never take anything for granted because life can change in an instant , so enjoy every moment . 
You can't change the past and you'll ruin the present by trying to predict the future . So live life to the fullest and don't let the small shit burden you . Life is too short to let anyone or anything stop you from being you . 
New Years < PROPFEMALE > party at my house , come one come all . Text me or send me a message for directions . 
Its awesome to get your house and dog back , but not so awesome to come home to 90% of everything taken . 
New Years < PROPFEMALE > Bash @ 4670 Cade Court . Bring a bottle or a rack if you can afford it . Jungle juice , beer pong , music , and more . Lets end this year out with a bang ! Be there or be square ! 
Ascend above the ashes , \ 
Ascend above it all , \ 
Ascend above the ashes of the worlds I once knew , \ 
Ascendancy is the only thing this will prove . 
People will forget what you say to them and people will forget what you do to them , but people will never forget how you made them feel . 
I will not relent no no\ 
Never suffer defeat , never falter\ 
For this cements my beliefs\ 
I will not choke on failure . \ 
\ 
I am a mortal man\ 
But I'm not falling , I'm not broken yet\ 
But I hold tight to my beliefs now 
Drinking the sorrows away . Never thought I'd say that . Guess everyone has their time . 
I need to invent a time machine ! 
Life is so intriguing , everyone goes through it in their own unique way but everyone always seems to share a lot of life's experiences at different spots in their lives . Some more fortunate , but many less fortunate to have the people or the resources to help them through that difficult time . But its the people that help who are truly unique , they help when they don't have to and may have their own issues . 
Be the change you want to see in the world . 
Time is present to stop everything from happening at once . 
Can't seem to get passed the past , just wish I could start again . 
Embrace that which defines you ! 
Now my dreams are haunting me with the memory of the past . This is bullshit ! 
How do you spell shoot you in the fucking face . 
Non-existant when we keep our hearts cold . 
Never seems to fail , I get a step forward and something happens to push me back two . This is getting so goddamn frustrating . 
You never know how strong you really are until being strong is all you can be . 
It sucks to lose close friends , I've lost a lot , but I've gained many more that I'm happy to call my friends . 
I said shush girl , shut your lips , do the < PROPFEMALE > Keller and talk with your hips . 
Its tough starting completely over again . Its like the military when they move you . The only difference is I wasn't moved , I live where where the scar is healing and its not doing so well . Fuck ! 
Oh I get by with alittle help from my friends\ 
Mmm get high with alittle help from my friends \ 
Mmm gonna try with alittle help from my friends 
The city looks so pretty , do you wanna burn it with ? 
I live first and leave the bullshit dead last . 
About to go grip n rip with and old friend . 
Sometimes good things fall apart , so better things can fall together . Every story has an end , but in life every end is just a new beginning . 
If anyone from Saturday night finds a < PROPFIRST > White snowboard jacket , I would really love to get it back . If you or any of your friends have any info please contact me asap . Thank you . 
Will there ever be a true escape ? The vices of life never seem to last long enough before reality floods back in . 
Hittin the casino , time to make some extra money ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes from everyone . 
Wants back what was . Tired of what is . 
A wise man once told me , \Don't let what you love to do get in the way of what you need to do . \"" 
I want my damn life back !! It's just not the same anymore ! 
All that we are arises with our thoughts . 
Rah Rah , Like A Dungeon Dragon !! 
Misses Washington . 
Oh how I love my life ! 
I want to dream again . 
Looking forward to hitting the slopes this weekend and getting away from everything for a day . 
Never did I know a statement to be so true as the one that says \You never know what you truely have until its gone . \ " But nonetheless I must learn to adapt and overcome and make and enjoy new memories with the new friends that I've made . " 
Had an amazing day with an amazing person . A much needed adventure . Best time I've had in a long time . 
You tell your boyfriend , if he says he's got beef , \ 
That I'm a vegetarian and I ain't fucking scared of him . 
Knowing is not enough , we must apply . Willing is not enough , we must do . 
RAI Coming Soon ! 
Right Above It - the new standard . Bringing a change to Colorado Springs . 
Funny how life continues to kick you while you're down . Never seems to fail . 
Wish I could fly to the < PROPFEMALE > and never come back . 
Flippin ashes in the Big Dipper ! 
More court , yay , fuck my world ! 
If only court had gone my way Thursday , I'd still have a job . At least I don't have a restraining order on my record any longer . That would have prevented me from contracting , going hunting , or even just buying a gun . 
Hitting the Incline . Clearing my head and getting some exercise . 
My question : Who took the time to < PROPFEMALE > all of those railroad ties up that mountain , let alone hammer them all into the ground ? 
I am in darkness , caused by my plight . \ 
You are my focus and through the darkness , my light . 
Hitting the Incline again today . It's relaxing and clears the mind , at least for today . 
The only way to move forward is to face your obstacles head on and take them on one step at a time 
Love that is lost can never be let go . 
Is it wrong to sleep half the day away to avoid living in a miserable reality ? 
My < PROPFEMALE > of the stars ...... 
Feels like ending it all ....... 
Hit the Incline again , cleared the head . 
Amazing how one decision can bring the downfall and avalanche of so many things . 
I order a hot & spicy mcchicken and receive a bun with lettuce and cheese no chicken . Isn't that what makes the sandwich ? 
Each night I wish to God he’d let her rest , \ 
This hurts me more than any man can bear . \ 
She’s my angel from the west , \ 
There will never be one to take her place ..... \ 
My < PROPFEMALE > of the Stars . 
Gotta love when things not even in your control screws up shit . Saw a glimpse of light but it vanished as quickly as it appeared . 
Rain on my hopes , \ 
Rain on my soul , \ 
Rain on everything that I know . \ 
It feels so ludicrous the pursuit of this dream , \ 
We thought we'd be there long ago . 
Having a tough time dealing with myself and constant memories that flood my mind . 
If you're going through hell , keep going ! 
So empty and lost . 
I can't turn my mind off and its slowly killing me . I wish there was a solution . 
