Can't sleep 

Happy new year to every one be safe and bless all 
cheeking in and text me if u want too 713-367-9232 or try catch me on myspace 
i just got done taking care of stuff and visting with fam . 
board .... can't sleep missing my baby 
chillen 
getting stuff done 
visting fam . 
finally got it right on the 3rd < PROPMALE > about 30 mins ole welll calming down every thing is cool i guess 
everything is all good gots food from a good cook 
board prob . fixing go to bed early day tommorow missing his babe 
Good night to all 
32665 
waking up fixing hit the road to take care of stuff 
x mas has been 2 times areadly waiting and waiting 
About time on the road way back 
Glad to be home with my baby 
alots of fun last night good to be home 
Chillen 
Just put in the clearks 2 
at home chillen watching tv and playing games surfing the web 
Walking my pit bull 
Playing video games on the wi playstation3 xbox on here need to do some thing about food 
watching < PROPMALE > chapel show with babe and playing games on here 
job hunting 
Playing oblivion 
Cooking bake patatoes for us 
Lovely as a black < PROPFEMALE > rapped in posin ivy . He give this haunting gift to his soulmate from hell before thy ly sleep for a century 
can make it threw hard times and good times it is better now than before . needs togo grocery shoping some how and a job and loves his baby . thats some thing on my mind world later 
waking up and getting readly to go out of town 
Waiting for the bus then we will be on the road 
Bus is here and on the road peace 
Findally got to our stopping point for the week peace 
Tired just ate and fixing take a nap 
chillen and helping take care of my bfs mom 
just woke up from a nap another day went by into the night where the knight and i stay up watching over mother of misery 
as he watches death take her day by day , night by night , wounders why in the hell people take it to far , do they have a soul or not ? 
as he watches death take her day by day , night by night , wounders why in the hell people take it to far , do they have a soul or not ? http://bit.ly/cWAs3q 
DOSE SHE HAS A SOUL OR NOT IS SHE ALIVE OR DEAD WHEN EVER THIS WONDER MIND COME TO END AND THEN PEACE WILL BE 
Dam laptop working on it now 
computer is fix aging 
getting stuff ready and set up so we can head back home 
yeah another day will be going home tomorrow instead of today counting down the shit i was trying to set up has fell 
not doing well today 
on the road aging , back home !!!! been here for 11 days 
good to be home after 11 days 
watching south park and chillen 
waking up 
times are hard just keep ur < PROPFEMALE > up and it willl get better , jobs is hard to come by these days since the econmy is so over done fuck up it is so redicless thanks shurb jr. 
Been a Long week R.I.P moma < PROPFEMALE > 
pretty much done getting things ready to load and hit the road 
hi world 
my baby will home soon 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on my friends ' list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching ... to see who really is . I < PROPFEMALE > family & friendships . Thank you for being a part of my life 
chilling with fam . 
watching boondocks 
Hi world lap top is down my babe be home tonight and peace to all and dont have to much fun this weekend 
Lab top needs help and good morning to all its a beautifull day loves his babe 
Going stir crazy beyound any ones mind can discribe been rough this past cupple days need out of the house asap 
chillen at dads for the night 
gots internet but minds wounders back home 
wow as i go threw my facebook wtf 
good morning to the world ... things i do when peopole try wake me up some times is cool and another times dont remember shit 
what dose not kill you it makes you stronger ... thats all 
took a shower and relaxing 
Made phone calls and have to move asap 
Hi world time to let it out i am single and on a start of a new chapter and going full speed getting shit done for my life 
FWD : FWD : FWD : Describe me in one word . You may regret sending this to everyone but Do it and you might like what you hear . Answer back and pass on ! 
Busy < PROPFEMALE > allot here lately but will pay off at the end i be talking to a guy with jobcore at 9 in the morning 
hi world just got done with paper work back to studying and < PROPFIRST > call me when you can 
< PROPFEMALE > Rieger put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish\ 
for 2010 is that people will understand th ... ( reply \n\ " for next)\ 
at home raise land feels good , spirit month for me has been forsure reborn it feels like this month is a good start on new book and time will tell 
AHHH-CHOO !!!.....? (-???•?) ?..... if you're allergic to bullcrap , drama queens , head games , liars , two-faced fake people , crap stirrers & down-right nasty pieces of work , keep this sneeze going !! I'm looking forward to seeing who will re-post this !!!? 
visting fam . has been a good weekend and tomorrow the week starts 
on youtube and wow taking smoke break 
4 more hours to go 
1 Hour and 5 mins will be exactly 24 years 
22 more mins counting down 
Looking for some thing to do board 
at dads for the weekend and studying 
good night to all 
done studying for the night good night to all 
back to studying for tomorrow 
break from studying 
Fixing to do the test waiting good luck to me 
Done with the test back home i feel good about it and will know about 2 to 3 weeks 
Turkey day will be here before you know it time flys to dam fast board lil need to get out of the house 
Happy Thanksgiven to all !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
it was a good turkey day with fam . with 2 new members of the fam.it was my very 1st nephews thanksgiven . i hope every one had a good one 
was a good week and the weekend so far . it be a guys day tomorrow my dad , 2 uncles and me 
at dads visting my sister is in town 
calling it a night peace out 
just came back in from the old burn barrer 
goodnight peeps 
fixing to move some stuff out of storage 
goodnight to all 
going back home today finish the week with bussiness 
fireplace is going just ate dinner listening to tunes 
Cant sleep 
out at fams for the weekend for x-mas party 
I got a lap top now for x mas 
Cant wait until i get internet this wifi shit is for the birds 
at dads for x-mas 
can't beleave x-mas is here damm times files by way to dam fast these days < PROPFEMALE > chrismas to all have a safe the idiots is out their and bless all of you 
< PROPFEMALE > x-mas to every one 
hope every one had a good x-mas i am back home 
Happy new years to every one and bless all 
Fianlly i have internet at home about time 
tired long afternoon 
starting next month i will be making more money 
just watch batman for the real 1st time lol yeah it is a damm good movies as the bits i saw in the past catching up 
if any one is interrested being in a vampire slayer movies e-mail me threw here please 
if there is any one interrested being in a film about vampire slayer type movies email me threw here if i didnt send u a email asking u if u was interrested it was some one ealse take ur battles with some one ealse not me unless i sent u a email 
getting warm from doing some areans yall stay warm 
playing the games on here 
full of piss and veniger for some reason dont understand why i didnt slept wroth of nothing last night 
hi world\ 
it is shame that some people wil hit some one in a pick up truck and not stoping to cheek up on him and not haul ass ..... R.I.P. < PROPMALE > 
it is shame that some people wil hit some one in a pick up truck and not stoping to cheek up on him and not haul ass ..... R.I.P. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
good morning facebook 
been up since 5 playing games on here and good morning facebook peeps 
it has been a very good interresting night :) 
staying dry yall becarefull out there on those roads 
good morning and happy birthday < PROPMALE > 
good morning facebook peeps ..... not away yet coffe time 
well ride didnt show up sorry peeps happy b-day < PROPFIRST > 
good morning facebook\ 
:) 
made fugde brownies for dessert and roast is in the oven now 
i am gald i am talking to some one about time i am happy 
good night facebook 
i got new eye glasses see who remembers lol 
board out of my mind !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
play another a wedding song . a wedding song thats gos on and on . see the churchs falling down . this is only in your mind . well useless ..... the psychedlic furs 
Cooking dinner 
Cabin Fever 
off to the files yeah organiztion here i come 
files and files 
files is done\ 
at dads until monday sweet 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they need a foot up their ass too 
spent time with mt 1st and only nephew . he will be 8 m months old on the 7th and weight 12 6 now lil man is getting big 
hanging out with my brother 
just woke up 
i will have wheels soon :) 
sick in bed 
in bed sick 
i will be putting my car in the shop next week 
meh blah ... Here it comes once more damm cabin fever 
go greenbay 
life 
