< PROPMALE > is leaving on Monday for Cambodia , trying not to worry .... 

Just got done cleaning the offices where I clean , my second job .... now I'm going to see my daddy .... Happy Father's Day to all of the Wonderful fathers out there ..... It really means alot to have a father in your life . 
Well , < PROPMALE > is off to Cambodia along with the others on the Missions Team . Little confusion at the airport this a.m. with tickets , but its all good . < PROPMALE > handled everything with a smile even at 4:30 in the morn ..... gotta love our fearless leader . I am gl 
The Missions Team has made it to Korea safe and sound and is now headed to Cambodia , got a call from < PROPMALE>'s dad this morning who apparently got an email from < PROPMALE > . They were getting ready to board the plan for Cambodia , which would be another 6 hour fli 
They Have ARRIVED . Safe and sound in Cambodia . < PROPMALE > called his dad , then I called him . It was about midnight when I spoke to him , they were in a bus on their way to the guest house . A little bad news , they have lost < PROPMALE>'s luggage , but he seemed fine wi 
Talked to < PROPMALE > last night around 11:30 pm our time ..... it was 10:30 am on thurs ...... there ... They are all having a great time .... they found his luggage .. PRAISE GOD !!! 
Loving that my son got to go on this AMAZING missions trip to Cambodia . He is having a Fantastic !!! time . He doesn't want to come home !!!! God is so GREAT !!!! 
Just talked to < PROPMALE > , they are getting ready to go to Church , He and < PROPFIRST > are preaching the service . I am so proud of those boys . They have been friends since they were little . What fine young men they have grown into . 
< PROPMALE > is back from Cambodia !!! He had an Awesome time . Our God is truly Amazing !!!! 
Just trying to get things done before < PROPFEMALE>'s Big Birthday Party . My baby is gonna be the big \13\ " it's so hard to believe . " 
Getting ready to head to our Church Carnival for set up . It's FREE and from 11-2 , lots of food and games for the kids and of course TONS OF FUN !!!!!! So I hope to see all of you there . 
Worked an 11 hour day today .... My feet are killing me . Time for some R & R ....... hopefully ...... 
Well my daughter , < PROPFEMALE>'s 8th grade volleyball team started tournaments today . They had an undefeated season 15-0 . They were in the #1 spot today and so far still are . They won their first tourney game and will move on and play again on Tuesday ...... These girls are awesome . They play so good together and are such an inspiration to all their parents . We love you Bulldogs !!!!! 
Have had a great few days off with much needed rest . Have enjoyed having my son home . Don't get to see him much anymore . Thinking about Christmas tree shopping this evening so he can help put it up and decorate before he goes back . I am so thankful for my kids . They are such good kids and I would be lost without them . I am also thankful for my parents . They help me out in so many ways and I love them both so much . 
Thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes . I had a great birthday . I am now the big 41 .... I love you all dearly . God Bless !!!! 
How can one child create so much laundry ? 
< PROPMALE > is on his way home to visit ( Yea !! ) < PROPFEMALE > is at a dance ..... ( oh boy ) .... and I am just so glad its the weekend !!!! 
Going to see < PROPFEMALE>'s last night of her school play \ Headin for the hills\ " absolutely hilarious . She plays a stinky little hillbilly girl . All the kids did an amazing job last night . " 
Church was really good today .... now I have cleaning , laundry and dishes to get caught up before I go to work and do more cleaning ...... 
Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own status . You can't choose family but you can choose friends . Amen to having great ... friends . 
Time for bed , have to be a work at 6:30 am ...... and boy am I not gonna wanna get up ..... Goodnight everyone , have a blessed evening . 
God's message to hear at this Easter season .... For my Savior , Jesus Christ , A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost this , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he died for YOU and ME . If you are not ashamed ... of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost ! 
Just had lunch with 3 great friends . It was a wonderful afternoon , reminiscing the past , catching up on the present and planning for the future ...... Can't wait to do it again . I love you guys !!! 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! You will find it interesting to know where and what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence ..... 
I want to know if I am the only one that feels this way .... When our Pastor has finished his message on Sunday mornings at the end of his message he leads right into prayer , while he is praying , all I hear is the sound of people putting away their sermon notes , closing up their bibles , and it is really loud and I feel it is not only disrespectful to him but disrespectful to God . Would it hurt to just wait a minute ? 
Thank you Jesus for dying on the cross for MY sins . Then on this precious day claiming Victory and rising from the grave !!! I love you with all my heart !!!! 
I finally got a new windshield in my car today !!! Yea !!! Now if I just have to get the passenger window fixed so it will roll down ....... 1 window at a time ...... that's the plan .... 
Wow , where does the day go ..... Just not enough hours in the day ...... Now its off to bed and then start all over again tomorrow .... Good Night All , God Bless . 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE>'s track meet . Great day for it ...... Now it's time to do yard work ..... Oh yea !!!! 
Just got back from Bri's track meet , she was getting ready to run lead in the 4x4 and right before they start , she throws up over the fence ... they ask if she wanted a sub , but she ran it anyway ... what a trooper ..... 
Good Morning Facebook friends , time to get to gettin . It is Thursday though , one more day and its the weekend ..... Have a wonderful day everyone !!!!! 
Just got home from the Relay for Life where I went to support my dear friend < PROPFEMALE > who is a cancer survivor . Please pray for her though because she does have to have another surgery June 2 . This woman has to be the strongest woman I know . She's like a Timex watch , she takes a lickin and keeps on tickin ..... God still has work for her to do ..... thats all I can say ...... I love you < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
I got the most beautiful flowers from my son's girlfriend for Mother's Day . I have known her since she was just a little girl and now I am so blessed that she and < PROPMALE > are dating . God is so good . They are perfect together . I love you < PROPFEMALE > .... 
I had a wonderful Mother's day , had both my kids with me , < PROPMALE>'s card made me cry < PROPFEMALE > made me 2 beautiful flower vases , my mom got me flowers , my other daughter who is like my own sent me beautiful flowers , my dear friend who is also like a daughter to me gave me a beautiful card and earrings and < PROPFEMALE > . ( I have alot of kids don't I ) Took my mom out to dinner with the family . Wonderful day . God is so Good . 
Woke up at 3:45 and could not go back to sleep ...... well now its time to get ready for work ...... my life is a vicious cyle .... but I thank God for it everyday !!!! 
Worked 10+ hrs today , came home mowed my grass , painted my garage door , did some cleaning and for some reason I am still awake .... and did I mention I was awake at 3:45 this morning for some unknown reason .... but I think I am going to go lay down ... 
Getting ready for another fun filled day at work , I must say I do love my job and the people I work with , it does make working a whole lot easier , even when you don't want to do . Thanking Lord for blessing me with wonderful co-workers !!! 
Looking forward to seeing < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . Have a lot planned . Us girls are going shopping on Sat . for < PROPFEMALE > a new dress for 8th grade promotion .... she is so excited .... Can't believe she will be in High School ..... where does the time go ...... 
Getting ready to go dress shopping for < PROPFEMALE > . Just waiting on her to get home from the track meet that she worked at today ..... Should be fun girls night out .... just me , Bri and < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Got the day off today .... A lot of work to do at home . Paid some bills , now its time to mow the grass before it gets too hot !! 
I have the day off ....... what to do ? what to do ? 
Had a great time at my uncle's on Saturday . Was great seeing my family and spending time with them . Had great food and < PROPFEMALE > caught 41 fish . She hasn't stopped smiling . 
Well ... my daughter left for Michigan with her friend and family for a week , so I am basically kidless , I don't think think this has ever happened in almost 14 years ...... Wow I won't know what to do with myself ..... 
Well , my baby girl made it home today after being gone for 9 days . She had a wonderful time and I don't think she missed me one bit . She's growing up :( 
Off to work for another late night Thursday ..... Yipee ..... but I do love my job ...... 
IF YOU HAVE A MOM WHO HAS MADE YOU LAUGH , WIPED YOUR TEARS , HUGGED YOU TIGHT , WATCHED YOU SUCCEED , SAW YOU FAIL , CHEERED YOU ON AND KEPT YOU STRONG .. REMEMBER ~ MOMS ARE A PROMISE FROM GOD THAT YOU WILL HAVE A FRIEND FOREVER !!! I LOVE MY MOM !!!!!!!! PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS IF YOU LOVE YOUR MOM ? 
14 yrs ago I gave birth to the most beautiful baby girl . What a miracle that was considering I had an emergent C-sect due to my uterus rupt leaving her 12 < PROPFEMALE > w/o oxygen . If that isn't a miracle I don't know what is . She was perfect , she could've very easily had brain damage . She is a fighter I must say . Brianna has a very special place in my heart and I thank God for her everyday . Happy Birthday baby , I love you . Momma 
Up most of the night tiling my daughter's bathroom counter , had no idea what I was doing , part of it was started so I just finished it the best I could , looks pretty good for a first timer . Had the help of < PROPMALE>'s dad and my best friend's husband to finish some other things that I couldn't do . Thanks guys for being there when I needed you . 
Well , birthday party stuff is FINALLY over .... I am getting way to old for all of this .... I need a vacation ..... just me ....... ( like that is gonna happen ) I'm broke now .... hahahhahha oh well she is worth it ...... love my baby .... 
? Put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 2010 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? Will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? ? IN HIS HANDS !??? 
Going to get school supplies Ugh !!!! 
Had a sleepover last night with my sunday school class ( 3rd and 4th grade girls ) . We had a great time . Thank you Athaiah , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for being so good . Those of you who couldn't make it this time , we will definitely have another one . God Bless !! Miss < PROPFEMALE > 
Well my baby is in high school now and survived her first day and is onto her second . I can't believe how fast the time goes by , it seems like only yesterday when I was putting her on the bus for kindergarten .... ( of course now I can't get her to ride the bus ... lol ) 
Milton-Union Volleyball off to a good start . JV and Varsity both won their first game last night against < PROPFEMALE > . We have high hopes for a good season . Lots of talent on both teams . Game #2 tonight . Go BULLDOGS !!!! 
Home from work .... off to Bri's volleyball game ..... off to 2nd job ..... does it ever end ? 
Went Homecoming dress shopping for < PROPFEMALE > , she looked good in everything she tried on ..... but she did finally find \The Dress\ " and she looks amazing in it !!!! " 
Thank you everyone for all the wonderful Birthday wishes !! You all helped to make my day very special !!!! 
Had a great weekend , relaxed friday night , worked saturday morning but then went to see the Nutcracker with my beautiful daughter , compliments of a wonderful friend ..... and sunday Awesome church service , then had < PROPFEMALE>'s show choir performance along with the 6 , 7 , 8 grade choirs and lady's ensemble who were all awesome as well , Just a great weekend !!!! 
Going to a benefit for my good friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > to raise support for her battle with cancer . It is being held today from 10-5 at the Tipp City Fire Station . They are selling fireman waffles , hot chocolate , water .... and I even believe that < PROPFEMALE > might be there ..... so if you can come out and show your support it will be greatly appreciated !!! 
Going to bed .... I have to work tomorrow .... hate missing church .... but working to help a friend out while her car is getting fixed . 
Home from work ... now baking cookies for the youth group when they go caroling tomorrow evening ..... :) 
just got home from our Christmas Outreach at church ...... what a wonderful evening ....... I really enjoyed all the conversations i had with all the new people i met and the ones i already knew ...... God is so good !!! 
Off work till Tuesday !!!!! boy am I ever ready for a break .... not that I won't be ready to go back ...... you mom's all know we work harder at home then at work ... lol ... 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES ...... < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY ... & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL 
Greatest man in history named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet He conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe Jesus is the reason for the season 
Off work today . < PROPMALE > will be going back to < PROPMALE > today , he has to go back a little early to get things ready to go to the Sugar Bowl . It sure has been nice having him home . 
Ready for a nice relaxing evening at home .... Aahhhhh 
Off to work i go .... 
Doing Laundry ..... you wouldn't think 2 people would have so much laundry ...... Ugh !!!! 
Had a wonderful Valentines Party at Church today with my little sunday school girls . It is such a blessing to watch the friendships that are being formed knowing that some may last a lifetime and praying that God touches their lives like he has touched mine . God blessed me with the best friend I could ever ask for 37 years ago and we are still together teaching this class ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > , thanks for all you do !! 
Went prom dress shopping with my baby girl ..... I know .... that just doesn't sound right .... Found a beautiful dress .... growing up way too fast !!! 
