Kinda sick of people who have not talked to me in years , maybe not even thought about me , trying to add me as a friend on facebook . If you really care then send me a message and let's < PROPFEMALE > out then I'll add you . :) 

I play drums cause I can't punch you in the face . 
I'm enlighted ( Is that a fancy way of saying you're white ? ) No I mean ... whatever . 
You know I have had this new yeah yeah yeahs cd , a.k.a. It's Blitz !, on my itunes ever since it came out and just found out that it's awesome . 
Once upon a time ... nevermind you're not even listening . 
Did I get less cool ? I saw some pictures that say yes ; yes I did . 
Twinkle twinkle little bat how I wonder where your at up above the world so high like a tea tray in the sky 
Two days of school so far . Did anyone know that Miss Swan teaches physics ? She calls herself Mrs. < PROPFIRST > but I know Miss Swan when I hear her . O and librarians are mean , but I think that one is known to be a fact . 
\He was well prepared . He knew where his towel was . \"" 
\ ... you might find yourself laughing in delight as you realize how many unique ways there are to be human . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > J . Wheatley " 
Music is like cake for your ears but instead of getting fat you go deaf . Don't comment : same thing happens when you go black cause you will not be original . 
Mmm pasta and Ugh homework . Thanks brother from another mother , it was delicious . 
< PROPMALE > Potter #7 , Pink < PROPMALE > , and Sleep . In that order . 
Come Saturday another group of < PROPFEMALE > ns will be doing something stupid , ignorant , disrespectful , and all around wrong . One step forward and two steps back I guess . Really , I don't know what to say . Iran demands respect and yet they are stoning women . < PROPFEMALE > forces respect and yet we are burning holy scriptures . What a use of freedom . :( 
Earthquakes have something against us . First Hati , then Chile , and now New Zealand . You have my thoughts and love . Be safe in the aftershock . 
A politician sees his family every day . Adeployed soldier : once in six months . A politician flies commercially . A soldier : C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced . A soldier : clawed back at 65 . The politician enjoys an expense account . Thesoldier : must justify extra rations . The politician vows to defend hiscountry . The soldier ......... makes sure he keeps that promise . REPOSTif you Support Your Troops 
I need to get out of the house . Peace 
Who likes the oringinal iron chef ? I sure do . 
Why are they laughing at me ? \ 
Cause your pathetic , O , and your zipper is down . \ 
That makes sense . 
The world is crashing and all you can do is < PROPFEMALE > on for dear life . 
\How is this to end ? \ " \ 
Crosby , Stills and Nash on Saturday and The Flaming Lips on October 15th . Hellz to the yeah ! 
Read Watchmen ... Now Damn It ! Just Do It . You can see all the stuff the movie missed . Awesome movie though . 
My sisters are going to be in band and < PROPFIRST > is playing the basson while < PROPFEMALE > is playing a flute . I thought atleast one would follow in my footsteps , it is definitely cheaper , but I'm proud none the less . 
\Thank God men cannot fly 
has nothing to say . 
Oh , now I remember why I hate social networks . I wonder how else I can waste my time before I die ? 
Give me a beat I've got some stuff to say . 
Wednesday is good for music . :) 
I apologize world and all who call it home for I am no better than you . Everything I am you are and everything you have I also have . If I hated you its only because I hated myself . I admire your humanity because I am a part of it . We are born whole and we are one . I love you . 
\It always hurts the worst when it's the ones we love the most \"" 
Hey , got a new phone so need phone < PROPFIRST > . If you want to chill sometime please send me your number in a message or comment depending on how you like your privacy . 
I have a hard time believing we only use 10% of our brains . It doesn't make sense , are we all idiots ? Why did we evolve into having such large brains if we don't even need most of it to function ? I feel like I need the other 90% to figure this out . 
ArtWalk ? It's cool and rainy . Who would like to brave the frigid cold of north Florida with me ? 
Why does my sushi sound like techno ? 
Reel Big Fish on the 21st , NOFX on the 25th , and Tokyo Police Club on the 28th ! Is my birthday ? All in Jacksonville . Who wants to go ? 
Sunday I have two band tryouts , sweet . 
Wow , myspace sucks even more now . 
I happen to always look at the clock when it's 12:34 , I guess somewhere a song started . 
I'll be in < PROPMALE > most of next week ! Who wants to chill ? Beach ? Movies ? Music ? Let's do it ! 
