i guess family really does crumble ... 

a common event that fortells storys and lives ... revenge on poeple that have already given up ... 
im so exited proms tonight . juss trying to get so much done to get it out of the way . 
im trying .. i just hope it will be enough .. 
so i just had my AP test today and it decides weither i get my college credit for the class or not but i dont get the results untill july which sucks but pacience i guess UGH ! 
she see's the road infront of her . she goes to step acrossed it and a car runs right by her , inches from her leg . thats when she finally realized when she was so close to getting her leg hit by something other then the people around her and the years of getting hurt that it wasnt worth it anymore . she turned around and walked away . the first step to her freedom . 
i am in love with sugarland . cant wait till they come to new mexico !!! 
1 ... 2 ... 3 ... breath ... no matter how long you try to calm yourself it never truely works , but then no matter how mad he gets you to smile anyway . 
1 .. 2 .. 3 .. like i said all you can do is breath and in all it helps more then i ever thought possible . im having fun though ^.^ 
im stressed but at the same time , im the happiest i have been in a long time .. how does that work ? 
why is it that even though im being nice , im not throwing punches or rude comments im the one being punished ... 
is gonna eat muffins untill im fat -loves my < PROPFIRST > muffins- ^.^ 
i keep telling myself everything will get better ... slowly it is .. 
Parents call it \talking back\ " we call it \ " answering your question\ " on ?. " 
me & my bestfriend have the same mind i swear . :) on 10 other pages . 
if you have scars on your body , you have lived . if you have scars on your heart , you have loved 
OMG SUGARLAND WAS THE BEST CONCERT EVER -this was delayed to say for awhile though its only been two days since the concert =P - 
he plays country for me in the car even though he hates it !! <3 
wondering how i am going to get the turtle tank out of my room to clean it ... this may take a bit of thinking lol . 
im the happiest i have been in so long just got a new puppy and living with my best friend . dont know what else i can ask for but im glad everything is working out <3 
ahh puppy biting arm 
I GOT MY SNAKE !!!!!!!!! 
so tired yet cant sleep . gah its just one of those nights . glad its a weekend . 
she see's the\ 
road infront of her . she goes to step acrossed it and a car runs right \ 
by her , inches from her leg . thats when she finally realized when she \ 
was so close to getting her leg hit by something other then the people \ 
around her and the years of getting hurt that it wasnt worth it anymore . \ 
she turned around and walked away . the first step to her freedom . 
one will never know untill they have experienced the true meaning of lost ... 
i just wish people would talk to me straight out .. not tell me that they don't want to .. cant someone be honest with me every once in awhile .... 
ZEBRA CAKES RULE !!!! -munch munch munch- ^.^ 
sometimes i swere to < PROPMALE > ... -sighs- .... 
kinda down ... -sigh- just not a good day i guess .. 
im scared of the quietness cause it speaks the truth ... 
sometimes i just wish i could shut them all out again .. 
my snake shaded its skin is so cool hehe ^.^ 
I HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE STUPID CALL WAITING AND THEIR DAMN ELEVATOR MUSIC !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
my throat hurts so bad .. >.< 
im < PROPFEMALE > sick .. v.v feel like crap . NyQuil is my best friend right now lol xD 
me back hurts .. ugh so glad its break ... 
hmmm ... bored .. tired .. sad .. guess thats all for right now ... 
i got my hair cut and im soon to get streaks . 
sometimes being happy doesn't happen all the time , trust doesn't come easy and all people do is get pissed and not paying attention to lets say my dog eating something that could kill her ... if only people actually cared enough to not have < PROPFEMALE > eat over 8 feet of string and pull it out of her throat ... 
live and forgive ... some juss need a helping hand to be able to learn and understand ... 
New Mexico has a walgreens like New York has McDonalds . 
some can see , some can hear , some can deny , some can conceal ... all have secrets , and have pain but most of all we all have fear ... live by what you want and never let your dreams go otherwise that fear of everything going will become reality . dont let disabilities drag you down , dont have lies stop you just keep going down that road that leads you to the best ... 
christmas will be amazing this year =P ( hopefully O.o ) 
He means the world to me . He shows me what a smile is . He tries to make everyday a good day , even though there will always be bad ones . I love my boyfriend < PROPFIRST > Allerton and i believe we can make it threw anything . 
HE SAID HE WOULD BE MY PENGUIN !!! 
