Is finally on her facebook instead of her lame ass sister . 

is finally getting her room clean xp 
I hate Obama 
Oh wow I never get on here really , do I ? Nope I don't . 
is better but still sick 
My fam must be real dumb if they thought I wouldn't notice < PROPFEMALE > using my facebook . I could really give a shit less about this sie but they were trying to sneak so now I gotta change everything . Really . I'm not as stupid as they think I am . 
Finally home from work . Back there again 5-1 tomorrow well today . Blah . Whatever . Cells good . 
Ew txt me . So bored . No work till Wednesday . Tuesday payday . Hopefully mall then . 3303039154 . 
Ohhh women are smarter than men . Proven scientific fact . What now bitches xp Course I being a girl already knew that . 
Just woke up from a horrible nightmare . Well it was horrible to me . I swear I have them everytime I fall asleep in the car and left alone . Still tired as fuck but that dream was horrible . Blah txt if yah want . 
sleepy ; get at tha cell 3303039154 <33 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > just adopted < PROPFEMALE > and made me godmother ... 
Oh gosh my one part of my back hurts . Oh well dude . hit up the cell 3303039154 
back hurts have gma as a client in cos tomorrow sleepy 
Just got a shower . Bryans tonight <33 Txt it-3303039154 
ahhh i get on my facebook and im friends with people and shit . people need to stay off my shit duuddee . well hit up my celli . 
Work today but none tomorrow . Dunno what I'm doing . Hit up the celli . 3303039154 
So glad tomorrow is payday . I need some money so I can spend it all and be broke again . Haha . Well I'm prob just staying home today . Hit up the celli . 
Not going to school tomorrow . Got payed today . Woot woot =] Gosh I never realized I had so much hair on my head . Haha . Hit up the celli peeps . Gonna be up for a long while tonight . 
Work today && tomorrow . Then off Sunday . 
[[&& you just gotta smile and pretend your happy and everythings okay]]Work 8 to 3 today . Blah . Next two days off after today . Get paid Tuesday . Woot woot . 
Work today 6 to 2 . Get my paycheck =]] Drivers < PROPMALE > tomorrow && then the to the mall . 
Leaving soon to go to bordman txt it 3303039154 
Baby wouldnt eat the soup gma made her pissed gma off and she threw it away lol work today 6 to 4 lucky me ... not you know if someone says they love you youd think they want to talk to you more watev hit up the celli 
Why does < PROPFEMALE > perfer paper over real food . Got my school shit today and < PROPFEMALE > a cd today . Natalies tomorrow to get my hair re dyed . Cells good 
Beavers suck ass . I hope they lose . Work 6 to 4 today . Pink hair . Txt it . 
Canfield fair tomorrow . Work 5 to 2 today . Hit the celli up <3 
Had the 2nd one . Also a girl . Thank gosh 
Exhausted and sore . 
Oh her name is < PROPFEMALE > May . 
Really enjoyng my break from school && work . < PROPFEMALE > is crying and < PROPFEMALE > is sleeping . Txt it . 3303039154 
The club can't even handle me right now =] 
Little boxes on the hillside Little boxes made of ticky tacky Little boxes on the hillside Little boxes all the same =-] Txt it . 3303039154 <3 
Going to watch tv or find a book to reread or something . So txt it if yah want <3 
Pretty sleepy but still gonna be up all night . Feeling a little lonely . I wish he would txt me or call . We may not be together but he's my babies daddy . We had something once && I just wish we could have it again . That'll never happen though until he grows up . Txt it . 3303039154 
Fall is such a wonderful season . The smell , the scenery . It's just all so great . I should really get started on making up all my work for school . Oh well I still got like 4 more weeks . I love maternity leave =] Txt it <3 
I'm just gonna get over it . I'm sick of making myself unhappy . So I'm gonna take my own advice and just get over it . So fuck you , the feelings you made me had , the memories , just everything . Fuck it all . 
ftf g c hi gdopao . / ; 9lp /pppppppppppppppppppppppppp . ; /l4yh yttggr5 cf xxxxxxxxxxxx ? ; ... Well that's what < PROPFEMALE > had to say . Tell her to leave my ke yoard alone . c 
Gotta take care of the baby . Txt it <3 
Black people started wearing their pants low . White people started calling it saggin . What's saggin spelled backwards ? Those tricky white people =] Haha . I love the stuff you read on Hey I Like . 
Going to be leaving soon . Need cigarettes and hafta take a driving . I'll be able to take my drivers test in November . I can't wait . I need my license && a car so I can just take my girls and leave instead of being cooped up at home all the damn time . 
Babies are sleeping ... for now . It's really quiet for once . Well don't know how long I'll be on . Txt it if yah wanna . 
I love how I just sit here and laugh to myself over the stuff I read . It's pretty pathetic if you ask me . 
Well I'm on myspace looking at old pictures of when I had a life && listening to < PROPFIRST > Urban-Tonight I Wanna Cry(my ipod is on shuffle btw ) && it makes me wanna cry . Good times man good times . I don't care if I sound pathetic . 
stfumf =) 
Man is it weird that sometimes when I hear something said I just have to repeat it . Like I heard something on tv and I just had to mock it . I don't think about it I just do . 
Gonna try to do something tonight . Grandma just might let me . && then again I could always just throw a big fit & walk out of the house to where ever . Haha . 
Welp I got guilted into passing out < PROPFEMALE > 
I wish I could live in a house with no windows . That way I wouldn't always feel like someone was always watching me from outside . 
I got free pizza today . Heres how . I went in there and my friend took my order . While I was waiting one of the other dudes working there asked me when I was going to turn 18 . I told him & continued waiting . He said something else . Sumpin like Smile life aint that bad . So I smiled . Then he gave me my pizza and said it was on him and to come back when I was 18 . I'm feeling pretty good about myself right now =] 
So who's gonna give me an excuse to get out of this damn house =) 
Okay if these kids , meaning < PROPMALE > && < PROPFEMALE > , dont shut the fuck up & just sit down I swear I'm gonna hafta hurt them . 
Gonna eat some < PROPMALE > n cheese . I love eating home cooked meals . Txt it <3 3303039154 
I'm gonna go blast some of my music in my room to interfere with my brothers little speakers . Txt it . No for real txt it cuz I'm bored outta my mind . 3303039154 . 
So I was cleaning my room and lost my cell phone . So I called it and you know where it was ? In my friggin boot . I was like wtf is vibrating and then I'm like ohhh . Haha . Well I'm gonna get off here soon to read Soldier Boys . Gosh I love that book . <3 Txt it <3 
So I was cleaning my room [[ amazing right ? ]] and I started going through old notes and shit and yea . Idk . It just really got me in the past dude . I'm remembering stuff that I completely forgot about . Good times man , good times . Well gonna be up & down from here for awhile . So txt it <3 
My booberz [ Alice ] cracks me up <3 
Another Day Another Hour Another Minute Of The Pain My Soul Is Suffering My Body Aches If Only I Could Die Today . Idc how emo that sounds that will be my fave poem I ever made . Gosh I love looking through old things . 
Going to get cigs && then maybe to the store . Txt it <3 
Getting off here to go clean my room some more . Mostly Im just organizing my drawers now && reading all my old notes . Gosh the memories . Well txt it <3 
Going back to skool monday . On my way to get my release form now . Driving scheduled 5 to 9 . Txt it <3 
Ah shit . I gotta go back to school on Monday & I haven't done any of my make up work . Oh wellz . 
Getting off here prob for the night . Really hoping to get out tomorrow . Txt it <3 
Sleepy . Going to try to get out of this damn house tonight . Doubt it'll work though since my gma says everytime I'm out I get pregnant . Well txt it <3 
Watchin tv . Txt it . 
Finished most of my psychology work . Txt it <3 
Finally got out . Feelin pretty good right now . Txt it <3 
Finish < PROPMALE > all my drivers < PROPMALE > shit now just gotta wait until after the 25th to try to get my license . So whos gonna be my first passenger after I get my license =) 
Watchin Weeds . The babies are sleeping . Txt the celli <3 
Home from school . Txt it . 
So at school today < PROPMALE > asked me when I was gonna pop . I told him I already had my baby . That ass didnt even realize xp 
At the stores with gma . Txt it . 
Shit phone wont turn on damnt all 
Phones broke so dont bother . 
Still no phone . So dont bother . Blah . 
Developed pics of the babies . No phone so dont bother . 
Babies finally sleeping so Im gonna try to get some sleep or at least just rest and chill for awhile . 
In cos doing state board manicures . Hav gmas phone . 3303035030 txt that 
Home finally . Manicures again tomorrow and decorating nails . Txt this number for now 3303035030 . 
School in the AM and then juss chillin with my booberz < PROPFEMALE > cuz its her bday . 1 year old =) 
Alices birthday <3 One year old . Only 2 years until I can send her ass to school xp 
Watchin Beauty and the Beast <3 
School tomorrow . Then home and then hangin wit Nateykinz and Katelyn . Dont forget me you guys xp 
At school . Cant wait until tonight ! Dont forget about me . So any ideas on what were gonna do ? 
Awesome time . Ily guys ! 
I really did have an awesome time tonight . You guys are the best . Ily dudes . 
Chillin . \Why can't we just go back to to the place we first did it ? \ " Lmfao . You're a genuis Katelyn . Don't know why the rest of us didn't think of that . That was great . " 
Okay I'm just gonna start writing memories up here . First memory to be wrote . 2 words-The Wall =] 
Okay 2nd memory-playing spin the bottle at the Teen Club . 
Memory 3-Pushin eashother into lockers when all the lights went out . Getting off for the night . Uncles sending me a phone Monday so I'll have a phone again soon . School in AM . Gonna try to get some make up work done . Nite <3 
Memory 4(I think)-Trying to get into someones car who I thought was my Grandmas but it wasnt . Haha . Chillin at home for today . & almost everyday actually . Tim should be sending my phone today =] 
Hey if anyone likes taking personality quizzes theres this one site that there are quizzes bases on actual psychologists thinking . It's www.humanmetrics.com 
Memory whatever #-Cigarettes never found on the nice < PROPFEMALE > days when you need them but on the rainy days when yah need them you see them everywhere . 
Hungry & my sister burnt the pizza :-/ Memory whatever #-When everyone was taking serequil . 
Okay I'm done with the memory thing . But if you can think of any cool memories we had together tell me =] Maybe gonna try to go somewhere Friday . Yep . 
I love chillin in Joeys van . Hafta get gma to get me more cigs today . 
Well I'm an INTJ . Got 2 extensions in my hair today ( pink && purple ) . Psychology homework && store & papers & cigs ( but not in that order ) . Anyone wanna see if I can do something tomorrow ? TTFN 
Fucking psychology hw mann . Oh well at least I just get to talk about myself , def one of my fave subjects xp Bleached my roots finally . Well get at me if you want foolz xp 
Just finished my psychology work . I swear that's the longest report I've ever wrote . So glad its Friday =] 
I am going to take care of < PROPFEMALE > & hopefully sleep afterwards so I can find something to do tomorrow . If you wanna chill our have any ideas txt this # 3303035030 . Ok . Nite . 
Didn't go to school cuz of the stupid car breaking . Gonna go somewhere & do something today . Txt 3303035030 if yah wanna chill . 
< PROPFEMALE > refuses to go to sleep although I know she's tired . Whatever . She'll eventually just konk out on her own . Watching The Nanny . Yep . 
Had fun last night . Scheduling to take my drivers test =] Hope I pass the first time . Or the 2nd xp Getting my new phone soonnn . Yepp . 
Everyone digs their own grave , so be sure to make it worth digging =] 
Going to take care of the babes and then reading the last < PROPMALE > potter book ... again . So if yah wanna talk txt 3303035030 
Docs app . tomorrow so no school 4 me =] Cant wait 2 start work again . I hate bein broke n wit Christmas so effin soon ! Ahh . 
Gonna try to get some sleep . Have a busy day tomorrow . 
Pretty pissed off right now . Gonna go somewhere in the next few days . Don't know when or where but I will . Start work again Sunday . 
Went to bed at like 8:30 yesterday . Pretty crazy if you ask me . Might do something today . Idk . 
Ah fuck its cold . Blah . 
Pretty awesome night . Saw Katelyn . Tell me if that works girl . Your the bestest . That sounds lame . Haha . Idk . 
You know you had a great time when you dont remember well like anything . Haha . Idk . My brain hasnt exactly woke up yet . Thanksgiving sucks . 
Finally have a phone just don't have no < PROPFIRST > yet . So txt me with your < PROPFIRST > plz & thank you . 3303039154 <3 
Successfully protested thanksgiving . Didnt eat a single thing all day . Headin 2 sleep after the babe does . new phone so i need your < PROPFIRST > again 3303039154 
Might go somewhere today . Txt it . 3303039154 
And you broke a piece of my heart youll never get back </3 Off here for the night . Txt it . 3303039154 . 
Im done . This hurt can not be fixed . Tell me is there any good guys left out there ? Or are the all liers and cheats ? Fuck it . 
I don't even know . Fuck it . Txt are nice . 3303039154 . 
Hafta take care of the babes & go to the store in a lil . So txt the cell . 3303039154 . 
So tell me , how am I suppose to get over this ? I don't think I ever will . I know I won't . Sure it'll get easier but the pain will always be there . Work 6pm-4am tomorrow . Off here for the night . Txts are always nice . I just really need to talk . 3303039154 . 
Work 6-4 today . Totally lost my belt . I'm sure I'll find it sooner or later . Can't wait to be making some money again . I need to save up for a car && I have Christmas . Blah . 
Just got home from work . In a much better mood . Txt it . 3303039154 . 
Bored as fuck . I just wanna get outta here . Txt it . 
Ew . Fuck my life . Everytime I think I'm okay , something just brings me down again . Txt it . 
Just got the babies settled . Alice is sleeping & < PROPFEMALE > is well I don't know but at least she's being quiet school in the AM . Only 6 more months until I graduate . I can't wait . I'm so sick of the damn place . 
Ok so I'm just gonna go on liking a whole bunch of stuff on sites until I'm bored enough to get off here . Txt it . 
Ok here comes a down again for me . Tell me why are guys such douchebags . They say to wait for the one who will call you beautiful with hair messed up & sweats and all that . Well I did . I found him & he turned out to be just like the rest . Getting off here . Txt it . 
Watchin the crow . shool n am . Txt . 
Home . Might go somewhere . Txt it . 
Ohhh I am so tired but yet can't sleep tired . Went to bed about 5 AM & got up at 6AM . & I didn't sleep all day in school . Weird . 
Fell asleep for a lil there . Movie day in Cos plus make up work . Txt it . 
Ohh fuck you 
Damnt fell asleep again when I got home . Up all night again . Bored . Txt it . 
Best day in Cos ever . I feel so much better just sharing . Txt it . 
So whos asses am I gonna see at the parades tomorrow . Other than my fine ass ROTC bitches . Txt ! 
Ew . Fuck my life . I lost my cell phone . I have work 8-5 tomorrow . I was suppose to be there today but I didn't know . The baby is about to cry . & now I'm gonna go . Fuckkkkkk . 
Work and parades today . 
Going to work . 
Creepers be creeping on me . Oh why oh why to creepy people always wanna be talkin to meh . 
At work . 6 to ten . 
Oh my poor booberz always getting owies =( 
Send a number to my inbox and Ill post what I think bout you wit dat number . Cool . Right ? 
One of my most fave games ever ... fuck one : kill one : marry one . 70s show . txt . 
6758-you are amazing i love our memories like at annas or throwing smarties at that window where < PROPFIRST > was in the classroom i love you your def one of my true friends 
Sick . Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
Straightening me hair . Abigails being a pain in my ass . Work tomorrow . Ew . Cells good . 
Fuck I gotta get someone to find < PROPFIRST > . 
So I could move out with help from the Counseling Center . Any thoughts on it ? Work tonight 9 to 5 . 
Ew my stomach hurts like crazy . So glad I can finally just go home and rest . No work till Monday . 
Up and so much better . Spending time wit the kids if they ever decide to wake up . Txt it . 
I made food on a stove=]It's an accomplishment for me . 
Smokin a cig and then listenin to my ipod till I fall asleep . Im really in the mood for some eminem dude . Man I really hope we dont have school or else Im gonna be screwed . 
Man Im so glad school was closed cuz I was up till 5 last night . Work today . Txt it . 
Paper route in a lil . Txt the celli <3 I realize more & more how much I still love him each day . Although my love dates back to 7th grade . Oh well . Like I said txt it . 
you & I should ____ before 2010 is over . [ msg answers *) 
I don't really know . 
Well I just got a txt & I was so excited thinking someone was txtin me & I didn't have to be all bored . But then I opened it & was just from myvalleyweatheralert thing or whatever . Apparently BL has a 2 hour delay . 
< PROPFEMALE > was gonna get offline & not post in third person but then she decided not to . You are welcome all the nobodys not talkin to her . 
Work 5 to 11 . Pretty excited . Thx < PROPFEMALE > M . =] 
Going to watch That 70's Show & then studying for the English test . Txt it <3 
Home . Stuff to do tomorrow . Hopefully one of those things involves a certain sumpin sumpin with a certain someone someone . Haha . 
Paper route . Txt it . 3303039154 . 
No work ' till Sunday . Woot woot =] Maja headache . Finally got < PROPFEMALE > to sleep a lil bit ago . Cells good =] 
Someone tell my baby to stay asleep : -/Ewww can't wait until payday ! I maja need to go Christmas shopping ! Ugh I'm so bored . Txt it <3 . 3303039154 . xp . 
Ew I'm sick of running back & forth the livingroom to watch Weeds & get on here . I'm gonna get off here & txt people . If I don't have you're number txt me first & then you'll never get rid of me xp 3303039154 
I'm home Natalie ! I forgot my cell in my uniform thing at school . 
Lunar Eclipse is almost over guys ! 
Last day at the Career Center today until next year ! You know where I'll be . DDR bitches xp Haha . Payday tomorrow . Woot woot ! 
< PROPFEMALE > wants me . So I'm getting off here . Txt it <3 
Totaled my gmas car . It flipped & everything . Sorry Nick . I'm glad you're ok . 
So I have a minor concussion . Ew I wish I was out in the car with these two dudes smoking : -/My head feels so weird ! No phone . Gone . Gone . Gone . 
I feel sick :-/ & tired . & confused . & I don't know . I wish I didn't lose my cell phone but I'm glad that's the only bad thing that really happened . Other than the car & the cops yah know . 
Sore today . I wonder how < PROPMALE > feels . 
Think I did sumpin to my back when I stand up I hunch over and that n my neck is sore as hell . Txt the gmas phone . 
A calibur is my new choice car . I keep replayin it in my head . I dont know how we are ok . I hate driving . Take me back to the horse n buggy days . 
Found my phone . Christmas shopping today . Txt it . 
Put up pics of the car . So < PROPFIRST > does it look fixable to you ? Didn't think so . Txt it . Christmas shopping today . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > & I still haven't wrapped any presents :-/ More shopping today . hmu * 
So what's a nigga gotta do to get his < PROPMALE > sucked up in this joint xp Ewwwwww . I am so bored ! Hit up the celli <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas errrrbody . Off here to wrap presents . Blah . Get at the cell loverlies <3 
Sooo what did everybody get for Christmas =) 
I love my nook color xp Its amazing . Paper route soon . Work tomorrow . Startin to think bout the ex again . I juss dunno what to do anymore . Blah . Txt it <3 
< PROPMALE > out with Mikey after work . Chillin Now ? Get at the cell . 
just got up ... again . eating a sandwich & watchin tv . txt It ! 
Paper route . Blah . Cells good . 
Just got up . Damn what's up with me sleeping all the time . Cells good I suppose . 
Prob gettin off here . Puttin the baby back to sleep n then idk what . Cells good . 
Reading stuff on love gives me hope . On < PROPFEMALE > 80 so far . Gosh I love everything on that site . Lost my cell somewhere in the house . So don't bother . 
Paper route soon . Blah . I'm actually feeling more hopeful about my future . You think I would after 140 pages of that site xp . One day Ill find someone who doesn't treat me like shit and just wants me for me =] Gonna find my cell so txt it . 
with natalie . Fellin better . I'm sick of people saying I won't back it . I will make a life of my own without help and prove them all wrong . I'm smarter than what they think 
Home watching Despictable Me . Get at the cell . 
Go to sleep & close your eyes And dream of broken butterflies That tore their wings Against the thorn You know the pain they have endured Silver metal shines so bright < PROPFEMALE > blood that feels so right ... 
Paper route soon . Ewww . I have to work tomorrow 6-4 . Get at the cell I guess . 
Fuckkk . Stupid ass work today and tomorrow . This shit really pisses me right the fuck off . 
Goin to work soon . Ew fml . Cells good . 
celebrating ee years a little late 
Trippex on a badket . Man touch cscreend suck suck skmetkmmres . Ha ha wth . Sucks I . Ean damn txt it 
Ogf txxt 
So no one could sleep last night I see whether they had school or not . Glad Im not the only one . 
Shhiitt . I slept all day pretty mich . Alice was taking her first steps today . She walked from a chair to me a fw times . It mafde me so happy . Well txt it . 
Will someone explain to my daughter slobbering is not nice :-/ 
Gonna try to get some sleep now . Work tomorrow . Then again Friday & Saturday . Night my loverlies =] 
I'm gonna be fucked in school tomorrow . 
hi everybody =] watchin weeds I looovvvveeee this show 
Head hurts so just txt n 
ew my head hurts paper route soon ugh I just want to lay down no effin lighter txt 
Stop fucking poking me . Im just gonna poke yah back and I will win xp Txtin my mace cakes <3 Paper route soon . Cells good . 
Playing my wii fit . Store sometime and then work at 10 to 5 . Txt . 
Work soon . Blah 
Home from work . Sleepy but I know I won't be able to pass out for a couple more hours . Txt it . 
Don't stay < PROPMALE > up on me . I'm just a waste of time . I only front a smile . No one knows how I truly feel inside . Lost&confused . Broken&torn . Loves only a word . Nothing I take to heart . So don't stay < PROPMALE > up on me . I'm just a waste of time . I'm not looking for a fairytale . I live in real life . Txxt . 
Off to paper route in awhile . Getting off here for the night . Txt it . 
Fuuuccckkk stayed up like all night now . I guess we all know who will be sleepin in school : -/ 
Work soon . Txt . 
I'm gonna work on getting some sleep now . Night . 
Just got up . Glad I finaly got some sleep . I was running on empty for awhile there . Got my electric blanket out . Txt . 
That's actually just a cool thing to take . Yah know if your into personality shit 
Go ahead . Play your childish games . Lie over stupid shit . Throw an attitude . I can play the game too . 
Every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorns . Every dark gas its dawn . Every cowboy sings z sad sad song . Every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorns . Love that song . Txt . 
< PROPFEMALE > I'm thinkin about gettin back with my ex . I do love him . I just wish he wasn't such a lieing douche . Idk . 
Work till ten tonight . Txt it . 
I think once you bring my kids into it were on a whole never level . Don't threaten me with taking my kids away dude . Nah mama don't play that way . Leave the drama elsewhere cuz that's one shit I don't fuck around with =) Txxt . 
I think once you bring my kids into it I'm pretty much done . No I am done . They're my everything . My only reason for being better . My life . Txxt . 
First Friday I have off work in foreverr 
Ew I swear if this dude causes diumb drama in my life idk . Pissing me off though . 
Thinks a certain person is faker than monopoly money . Fuck it . I can play these childish games . 
I'm a pessimist optimist . I expect the worse-that way things can only get better =) Txt . 
Home from wotk . Prob watching that one movie < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > I think its called . Then to Renees tomorrow to do her hair and to chill with the babies =) Txxt . 
Just got up . Renee got called into work . Soo anyone wanna come take me and my babies in for sometime today xp Txxt . J 
Watching Freedom Writers . Txxt . 
Paper rout soon . Txxt . 
I always < PROPFEMALE > a little crazy with me ... you never know when it will come in handy (: Txxt . 
Every girl has that guy she goes back to again and again , heartbreak after heartbreak . No one knows why . She don't even know . Txxt . 
I love putting headphones in my ears with no music playing but still pretendind like I don't hear no one . Well paper route in a couple of minutes . Txxt . 
I have been called a lot of things in my life : some good , some bad , some true , some funny . But the best thing I've been called is mommy . I love my babies . Txxt . 
Heyy Cos people I don't have like any of the journals so can someone like tell me the topics or let me borrow there's in the morning at BL . Plz and thank you (: 
So I cant sleep cuz I keep on waitin for the snow and icy roads . Nothing : -/I think Im gonna try to get some sleep for school here soon . 
Home from work . Sucky day . I just can't get my head on straight . I miss my babies daddy . Apparently if I dont tell him to call he won't . Sometimes I just feel like I'm nothing to no one . Whatever . Txxt . 
Fuuccckkk . How come I can be tired all day and as soon as night hits my mind starts raising and I cant sleep . : -/Txt I guess . 
Work till 10 . So excited . I'm just going to go everywhere possible the next couple days . Txxt . 
Someone fucked with my Nook and now its all screwy . I'm so pissed . Well watching the butterfly effect . Court tomorrow and then idk what . Hit up the cell . 
Well I got a 202$ fine for the crash and thats pretty much it . Slept all day today . I must have needed it . Finally 18 . Now only 3 more years till I'm 21 & I'm legal to do everything that is legal . Txxt . 
Oh btw people my IM thing does not work on my nook . I can't write back . 
People fucking hit my joints so I cam complete a 70s circle (: 
One word dammmnnn . Lol . Don't even ask . 
Paper route soon . Anyone wanna chill tomorrow . I already got my naughty juggalette < PROPFEMALE > down . I'm gonna go everywhere I can . So hit up the celli . 3303039154 . 
Hey guys just in case you didnt know its fucking freezing tits and balls outside . 
Just got up . Gonna lay around annd smoke a couple cigs and then getting ready for Annas . Can't wait . Txxt . 
Gettin ready then its off to my Annerbananerz . Get at tha cell (: 
2 hour delay bl . Sayy whhaatt ? ( : Txxt I guess . 
So I'm thinkin I should do my psychology midterm . Well sooner or later that is . 
And not a day goes by when I dont think about you and what we could have been . Txxt . 
Work soon . Txxt <3 
I'm so fuckin tired but yet I won't sleep until like 4 am . Reading I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell on my nook . So juss txxt . 
Eww fml . I swear my family is so fuckin retarded sometimes ! 
Got Bronchitis \\- : 
Still sick 
I wish I could smoke a cigarette without coughing : -/I hate bronchitis . 
I think I'm gonna try to smoke a cigarette ... again . Let's hope I don't cough up a lung . I swear I hate bronchitis and its dumb coughing chest painness ways . 
Pussied out on the smoking thing . Maybe Ill be better tomorrow . I'm so sick of bein sick . Well paper route soon then bed . Don't bother txtin . I'm turnin off the celli until I can smoke again . 
The roads are fer sur real shitty . 
Wtf is up with this music on 92.5 . Don't get me wrong i like it . It's just different from the shit it usually plays . 
Chilled with my Nateykins tonight . Still sick but at least I got out . Txxt . 
still sick and have work tonight eww 
Wish Id quit coughing . Bed soon . 
Bored . Thinkin . Txxt . 
Feeling better but still can't smoke . School tomorrow . Lovin life (: Txxt . 
Paper route soon . Bored . Txxxt . 
I love payday 
Got < PROPFEMALE > a swing n < PROPFEMALE > a lil kid laptop . Maybe she will leave my stuff alone now ... doubt it . Txxt . 
Gonna read Fate on my nook after I get the babies down . Txxt . 
watching the brave little toaster and then reading on my nook (: 
Im hungry . Somebody come and take me to eat (: 
Idk what's wrong with me . I hate going through these moods . I hate even more that the only people I want to talk to might as well be nonexistant . Gonna read some more . Txxt I guess 
Home from work . Lost phone . 
At Natalies ! No cell so don't bother . 
Why do cab people lie ?? Gr . Gma is pissed now I bet . 
Work soon . Stupid superbowl today . Still no phone so don't bother . 
Home early . No phone . 
Green bay touchdown . Fuck you steeler fans . 
So who agrees halftime sucked ass . Fergie ruined sweet child of mine . Pissed me off that she even tried . They can't sing worth shit . 
Idk what yah steeler fans are thinkin cuz were still kickin your ass 
Green Bay got it . Hell yea . We got this most def now . 
School in the a . m . Watching Weeds until paper route (: 
Idk what Im doin today . Txt . Finally got my phone back . 
< PROPFEMALE > isnt feeling well . Poor baby . Gonna hold her till she falls asleep . Then tv until paper route . Txt . 
Hey someone come here and find my remote . I dont feel like getting up xp 
So the car is broke down beside the graveyard ... on the road . Stupid battery could have held out at least till we got to Claytons . 
Work at 5 . Hope the car is fixed by tomorrow so I don't have to ride the bus . 
Sorry guys for all the likes but they ain't gonna stop anytime soon (: Paper route soon . Txt . 
Hey guys . Guess what ? Its fuckin freezing ! Just thought Id share that with ya`ll . Sleep soon . Txt . 
Work 5 to 11 . Txt . 
Hey spa night going on tomorrow . Facial , manicure , pedicure and style . 11:30 to 8 . Ask for me . Txt . 
So yea its freezing balls out here . Sleep in an hour or so . Txt . 
Finally done at that cos thing like an hour ago . Blah . Txt . 
Shitty everything . 
Paper route soon . Don't bother . 
Whatever . Txt . 
Home . Out later . Txt . 
Fun time last night . Txt . 
Wish I could go to the dance rather than lame butt work . Oh well . Txxt . 
Home from work . Txxt . 
Watching the Grammys . Txxt . 
Paper route . Sleep in a couple of hours and then school in the am . Txxt . 
Work 5 to 11 . Happy Valentines Day . I love you guys . 
Home from work a lil while ago . Movie soon after I put < PROPFEMALE > to sleep . Then paper route and then finally sleep . Txxt . 
Watching a movie . Txxt . 
The blond hair will be gone soon :( I've gotten so used to it . But it is def time for a change . Txxt . 
I think Im just gonna go to sleep now since the papers are coming late tonight anyways . Morning txts are wonderful . Night . 
Broke again . I wish my tax money would hurry its ass back to me . Txxt . 
Ew Im gonna fail my English test tomorrow . Whatever . Txxt . 
I feel a nap coming on (: Txxt . 
With clown make up smeared on your inner thighs . Txxt . 
Work tonight . Txxt . 
Work here soon . 6-3 . Txxt . 
No txt messages . Got out of the car and my phone ended laying in the snow for hours . Screens all fuckered up now . With < PROPFIRST > today ! 
Phones working again . So txts are good . School tomorrow & I actually did my cos homeword =] Go me ! Txxt (: 
I was going to do something but I have completely forgotten what that something is . Well getting off here anyways . Txxt . 
Off here soon . Gonna start cleaning my room again ... eventually . Txt the cell . Once I find it I'll txt back ... damn < PROPFEMALE > xp 
Paper route soon . School in the AM . Blah . Txxt . 
Who knows . Everyone knows . Somebody knows . Nobody knows . I don't know . Whatever . 
One shot , two shot , three shots , four shots , All I hear is gunshots , This is where the fun stops , Bodies drop , Hit the floor , Music off , Party stops , Everybody hit the door , Somebodies lickin off shots <3 I love Eminem . Cleaning my room & idk what else . 
Gosh I'm so fucking tired ! Why can't I sleeeeppppp ! Oh well . 
Pretty happy acutally . Payday tomorrow (: Paper route soon && then finally sleep ! Txxt . ps . Natalie M . I miss you ! I hope you're okay . Ily in a non lezbionic way o_0 
Mind try to go out in a little bit ... anyone wanna take bets on how pissed my grandma is going to be ... lol 
Fucking walked home from work cuz people wouldn't answer their friggin phone tonight . Someone could have let me know BJ was picking me up & that she might run late . Ugh it was so cold ! Oh well I'm over it now . Can't sleep . Dunno why . Ok this status is too long . I should just write a damn book . 
Work tonight . 6-4 . Till then playing with my babies . Txxt . 
Haven't been on here for awhile . I was busy having a life xp Haha . Txxt <3 
Listening to Eminem . Don't know when I'll be able to fall asleep tonight . I swear I'm so friggin nocturnal!Can't wait till Friday (: Anywho txt the cell . 
Bleached my hair . No more roots (: I swear I'm going to be bald one day lol . Txxt <3 
Going to watch this show with my daughters . Stores later . Can't wait until tomorrow . I can't remember the last time I was this happy . Txxt . 
:) Although I got tons of work to do ( that I didn't do before ) I'm still pretty damn happy . 
Txt 
watching tv . txxt . 
Dude you have to press enter to comment a pic ! I was like where the hell is the comment button and then I read the little words and I'm like you have to hit enter ... cool . Lol . o_0 
Sitting in class doing my usual nothing . Ugh I just want out of this place asap . Welp txt it . 
I don't know . Txt I guess . 
Finally set up my new phone . Busy week . Hairshow Saturday ! Ugh . Well txt it . 
Oh yea I got my hair colored today well yesterday . lol . Well txt if you want . School soon . 
Chilled with my Nateykins last night . Did I mention hes the best (: Oh shit I have to do my study guide or I just might fail English . Hey people I always forget things like a second later so like everyone txt me reminding me to do the stupid thing . K ? Thanks . lol . 3303039154 
Gettin off here . Gonna go to my room and enjoy me time . Txt . 
Going to do whatever . Lol . Txt . 3303039154 
Work today and tomorrow 8 to 5 . Blah . Well txt it . 
Everything is just one big waste of time . Work tonight . With my babies till then (: 
Less than a month of school left . I can't wait . Out tonight . Putting the babies today first . Txxt . 
Hello facebook . Long time no see . How you been ? Btw your gay :) Work tonight . Stuff tomorrow . Txxt . 
I'm gonna start this day with a smile on my face . Let's just hope it's still there by the end of it . Txxt . 
Um yea . So like no one is talking to me today . Guess I'll just get started on my english research paper ... 
I think I'm just gonna creep on my own facebook today . I mean come on whos more better than me (: Stuff to do today . 
Welp English paper due tomorrow . I have 4 paragraphs done at least . Ugh . 
Ewwwwwwwww . I so don't want to do this stupid english essay . It's either do it or not gradute . Well technically I don't need a diploma to get my cos license ... I'll do my fucking english paper :-/ 
I am done with my stupid fucking english essay . I don't care if its shit . I aint looking for no A.I just want out of that place ! Well txt if yah want me . 
Um so yea . Why did I bother doing my english essay last night if I wasn't going to school today ? I wish my family would have filled me in on that one . 
Watching Yogi Bear . Work tonight . Ugh . I wish I had a life :-/ Oh well . Less than a month now left until I just flippin graduate .... maybe . 
Ew I cant even begin to explain how bad tonight sucks . 
I've been sitting here trying to figure out something witty to put as my status . I got nothing though . So all I got to say is I'm happy and I'm actually going to do some work that needs done . Txxt . 
Well good morning everyone . I didn't sleep so guess who's going to have the best naps ever today in school (: I'm hungry . I think I'm gonna find food . If we have anything I like that is . 
Well I took an hour nap today in cos && drooled all over myself . Lol (: Gotta clean up my room today . Txxt . 
Crap . I just remembered I have to turn in this report thing about Germany for foods and nutritions tomorrow . Well I slept my day away . Only two days and one more week at the career center until I graduate . Txt . 
I swear I'm the happiest person in the world (: 
I am halfway done with my psychology story . Only have to find a way to use 9 more words in it . Might I say it is a pretty amazing story too (: 
Today is awesome . Even though form 6-4 its going to be spent at ... wait for it ... taco < PROPFEMALE > dun dun dunnnnnn . Lol . Txt . 
Happy Mothers Day everyone (: Go show your moms you love them . No matter what you think , they just want the best for you ... well most moms at least . Txxt . 
Man I can't even count how many times in the past few days people are like \You are gonna graduate ? \"\" You better be getting your ass to school . \ " & such stuff like that . Lol . Anywho gettin some stuff for the babes today . Txt . " 
