Nearing the end of my break , any suggestions ? 

back to school , back to school to prove to daddy that I'm not a fool . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
So today I had to pay about $300 in textbooks but I was enrolled in all of the classes I wanted and I got a Birthday card from my Aunt . All in all a good day . 
We come from St. Olaf , we sure are the real stuff , our team is the cream of the colleges great . We fight fast and furious , our team is injurious , tonight < PROPMALE > college will sure meet its fate . ( Badadada ) UM YAH YAH ... etc . 
is wondering how any of the conservative Tea Parties make any sense . 
Today I saw something that literally stopped me in my tracks . < PROPFIRST > Rove is coming to St. Olaf on October 1st . Quick , somebody suggest something for me to throw and shout at it ! 
Today Malto Meal is making Chocolate Cereal you can smell it all over campus 
Today I thought I saw < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Paterson , and < PROPFIRST > Behrens walking around campus . Am I going crazy or are you guys going on visitations here ? Who am I kidding , I AM CRAZY ! 
I love fall up here : the trees are beautiful , the temperature is fair , and the sun shines . Too bad it's supposed to snow tomorrow . 
Yay : it's not snowing , Obama has the Peace Prize , and third good thing . 
It's a beautiful day here in Northfield : the sun is shining , the birds are chirping , and you'd never guess that it's 20 degrees outside 
It's the second week in October and we've already gotten our first snowfall , gotta love it . 
Finally no more mid-terms , time to relax . 
Fall break came to a close at 7:30 this morning when I had my second big French test 
Just want to give a shout out to SMUSH for the awesome care package , and Connor < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > la Compagnie to you too 
Today I saw an All State commercial with the song breaking up is hard to do ; therefore , TESTOSTERTONES ASSEMBLE !!! 
Today was the perfect autumn day . Sun shining , brisk but not cold air , light breeze through the wind chimes ... PERFECT . 
Today I heard < PROPMALE > in the Water and Betelehemu , both were done better by BHS choir ... with the obvious exception of one solo from < PROPMALE > 
Monday , that about sums it up . 
Mentos the Freshmaker ... that's right I'm accepting sponsorship on my facebook profile . 
WOOT we have power and internet again !!! 
Ahh the weekend what to do , what to do ? 
I heard the most beautiful song today , it was so great it had a number in it ... ... kind of that's right \A < PROPFIRST > 4 2 sing \"" 
TGI Friday the 13th 
This is not a post . 
It is now officially Monday , let the bad times roll . 
Yawn , I'd really rather be sleeping right now . 
I've now entered the time zone where I have work to do , I know I should do it , but I probably won't . 
YAY , I actually did my work a few days before it is due . 1500 word essay on the first , second , and third republic's as well as the intermediating 1st and 2nd Empires plus the Bourbon and Orleans monarchies , no problem . 
4 more classes until Thanksgiving break starts for me . 
2 classes to go , unfortunately they're tomorrow . 
Well it's good to be back in Borington 
And thus ends the shortest vacation I've ever taken . 
GRRR , So much to do , so little time to play Age of Empires II 
Hooray , Scrubs is back ! 
I swear to God that Minnesota plans out the days when it snows . It hasn't snowed at all through November , but the day Christmas-Fest starts we get a pleasant snowfall . 
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy . 
Today I ate lutefisk . Pros : If you drown it in enough butter and cream you only have massive texture issues to worry about , once you eat a couple bites you don't feel hungry any more , and you can say you've done it . Cons : see pros . 
Two weeks until I come home . 
one class canceled so far ... 
2 classes canceled this week so far ... 
Bonne nuit . Bonne nuit to you all . 
I woke up in the afternoon , sign of a good Friday night . 
Less than a week until my glorious return 
Just a couple more days until the second coming , home , of the < PROPMALE > 
Ah Barrington , will it ever change ? No , no it will not . 
OMG I won an ipod shuffle , and didn't slip/die on the icy sidewalk . good day 
Tomorrow I make the hardest choice I've ever made in my life ... watch Life of < PROPFIRST > with Great con or watch the state of the union 
And now ten days of absolutely nothing 
Today I feel like being an optimist ... Only five more days of nothing 
I have discovered the meaning of life , and it is found in the simple pleasure of small magnetic ball-bearings . 
I did it , I made it into Asian Conversation . Combined with Great Con I am now part of ULTIMATE CON . 
Wow , just watched < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , hosted by gov . < PROPFIRST > Ventura , special guest < PROPMALE > Blagojevich , talking about gov . Mcdonnel . Pro wrestlers , corrupt politicians , and history revisionists ; this country sure can pick'em . 
hooray for lutefest ... ugh 
I told you . We're an anarcho-syndicalist commune . We take it in turns to act as a sort of executive officer for the week . But all the decisions of that officer have to be ratified at a special bi-weekly meeting by a simple < PROPMALE > ity in cases of purely internal affairs , but by a two-thirds < PROPMALE > ity in the case of more < PROPMALE > ... 
Today is AWESOME : started off with a great last French class , found out I will have a job at < PROPFIRST > this summer , found out I am a member of next years Cantorei Choir , and the weather is absolutely perfect . 
IT IS FINISHED 
I am a legend 
I HATE AT&T AND HOT TUBS !!!!!!!! 
is no longer a teenager ... weird 
is back at St Olaf , Um Ya Ya etc 
September is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who continue to conquer it . Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer ! 
It never made sense to me before , but the pure logic of this video has convinced me ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdH1ZEbnIms 
would just like to inform all those people that he has not told in person that he is gay . 
You win some , you lose some ... but on the bright side at least < PROPFEMALE > didn't elect that witch from Alaska again , or that < PROPFEMALE > Odonnell character . 
I'm back 
Wow Illinois , even with what is arguably the most corrupt politicians in the country , we can get things done . Hooray for the \Illinois Religious Freedom Protection and Civil Union Act \"" 
And I'm back 
