via < PROPFIRST > Galusha \your facebook status quotes are like an advertisement for Jesus Christ \"" 

im tired ! long drive ! miss my cousins in cali :( love you guys ! 
whats on my mind ? hmmm Im think God is Good and everlasting ! Trust in him with all of your heart and < PROPFEMALE > not on your own understanding ! thats what im thinkin ! 
I finally go back to work tonight ! and then movie night tonight at the church ! heck yess ! 
Just saw the \knowing\ " i think it is just about the strangest movie Ive ever seen . " 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > camp on God tv ! battle cry is awesome ! 
GOD YOU ARE SOOOOOO GOOD ! 
Goin to Roaring springs today ! I am going to bake !! then comin home and finishin up my intern app essays :D 
Greater is he who is in me then he who is in the world ! 1 < PROPFIRST > 4 
Goin to church to hear the word of the Lord ! heck yess ! 
bahh .. roaring springs today .. not so much fun 
off to work ! then goin to church tonight ! no double shift heck yes ! :D 
AHHHH have you ever wanted to just spit everything out ? I is exploding ! 
GOD IS SO GOOD ! HAS HE NOT BLESSED US ?! HAS HE NOT PROVIDED ? DOES HE NOT HAVE A PLAN ? 
hey guys follow me on twitter ! ;) 
last night was beyond retarded ! I hate wild goose chases . 
on my way to work ! then GCB ! cant wait ! hoo-rah ! 
I GETTA WORK W/ < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! YAY !!! CANT BELIEVE U GOT THE JOB ! NOW WE CAN PAY FOR INTERNS !!! 
Im out of it ... My mind is in its own world , and i dont want to seat people for 12 hours tomorrow ! they can seat themselves 
why am I so tired ;/ 
soooo , I was a storm chaser tonight and drove into the middle of a lightening storm in the mountains in the middle of no where and got lost on the way back , as in we couldnt even back track from where we came from and i was home and hour and 6 minutes aft 
Today is a glorious day !!! bring on the storm ! 
I just thought of something ... I kinda miss my winter clothes ! well .. atleast fall ! Im ready for a new season ! 
I LOVE THE RAIN ! I hope I can still go camping tomorow though ! 
today is a good day !!!! i get to rack up cash for 2 hours and the go camping in the rain ! heck yes an entire night of Oreos , clue , apples to apples , coffee and JESUS ! 
soooo it kinda hit me ... GOD IS SOOOO GOOD ! CANT WAIT FOR CHURCH IN THE MORNING ! 
ahhhhhhhhh !!!!!! 
MY INTERNS MEETING IS TODAY !!!!!!! PRAY FOR ME AND CROSS YOUR FINGERS ! :D 
IM OFFICIALLY AN INTERN ! YAY !... so who wants to help me pay for it ? lol 
How many of you agree that Jesus camped out in Idaho this weekend ? Because all i know is he showed up and showed off ! God we want more of you ! Gods doin big things !! 
Im healed ! God is Good and works in mysterious ways ! all things are truely possible with Jesus christ , the < PROPMALE > of ages ! God holds control of everything ! and his power is in the cross ! God gave me this verse < PROPFEMALE > 27:1 -7 
on my way to a three hour train ride in the mountains ! yay ! then lagoon tomorrow ! sadly ... no church tonight ... or tomorrow .... :( 
i missed church :( sad day i heard from my amigo < PROPFIRST > jones it was amazing ! the one time i miss it ... no break 
aaaand he wont tell me what he spoke on ! i have to watch it but i cant cuz im < PROPFEMALE > hotel room and ill wake ppl up ! wow .... im impateint 
pray for me guys ! rough times right now ! a lot going on i dont understand ! God your bigger ! : **( 
great night very entertaining ! best and most entertaining friends ever 
watching < PROPFEMALE > meyere on Trusting in God 
so i went from watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > Meyer to < PROPMALE > Corwin ... weird variety 
pointless .... 
mind boggling Deep Jesus Convo ! i love how God speaks through you as you go . so your learning to ! its kinda like .. Gods wispering you what to say ! 
stupid laptop charger ... its falling apart . so its being held together with electrical tape ... and sissy wont share her charger .... wish i was an only child . and fixing my charger is a blessing and a curse . i would of had no choice but to get into the word . i want to ready < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > by next sunday .. and a broken Generation cant save itself 
worried about my mom .... :( 
chew on this .... submission is the fruit of trust . and faith is a fruit of your thoughts . 
Devil you mess with my friends and my loved ones ? bring it on ! Ive killed the lion , Ive killed the bear ! Your next .. 
ITS MY BIRTHDAY TODAY ! :D 
and < PROPMALE > Mountain High School starts out thier football season with a victorious night ! 
Just saw GI < PROPFIRST > ! hope they come out with a second one ! was way cool ! 
Im watching < PROPFIRST > Osteen on God answering prayers . apparently a little girl wanted a kitten , she was praying for one , some man had a litter of kittens and accidently some how flung one of them into the air and landed 200 yrds away . the kitten fell from the sky right where the little girl was . that is the funniest thing i have ever heard ! Gods a true comedian 
Im soooooo bored .. these faceook quizes are quite entertaining . sorry if you have 16 quizes plastered on your wall ; 0 ) 
Im doing this stupid see how fast you can type A-Z typing thing its way fun but i wanna bash my computer into a wall now 
Just finished < PROPFIRST > ! now on to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , ill be done by time solemn asslembly start 
Just saw the Illustionist ... most mind boggling movie ever ! ahhh I have to see it again 
INTERNS TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
INTERNS 10 HOURS ! AHHHH 
hahaha debates are < PROPFEMALE > fun ! 
God how did i get to where i am ??? and how do i get to where im going ? Lord you were there the whole time ! 
I am who God says I am ! it doesnt matter what my past tries to tell me , what the present says i am , or where the future says im going , I am who God says I am ! 
ok guys , tell me what this quote means to you \People are never more insecure then when the become obsessed with their fears at th expense of their dreams\ " < PROPFIRST > Cousins " 
Jahovah Nissi !! I need you ! 
sooo . my mom just placed $500 in my lap forn CCC Interns ! Ive been giving in faith ! and I am truely blessed ! I now have enough to attend the first trip ! :) Praise the Lord 
Questions .. questions .. questions 
i thought my new grey zippy hoodie was gone forever . what a joyeous day ! I found it ! yay ! 
doctors say my mom has a 60% < PROPMALE > of kidney cancer ! pray for us guys 
Revival @ BSU !!! 
confused .. anxious 
off to work to rack in money for interns , then YP ! 
I get a new ipod ! :) becuase my other one turned into a lethal weapon ! 
I have work today ! yay rack in the money for Interns ! $900 down $100 to go for our first trip ! 
tomorrow : Get up , INTERNS , payday , < PROPMALE > world shop day , day off of work , church later . for right now SPLEEEEEEEEP 
I now have enough to pay for our first Intern trip of the year to DC . thank you Jesus praise God 
what in the world am I gonna do next weekend ? Im kinda caught in a hard place . Make a way Lord 
Lord Im confused did I pass or fail that test ? 
watchin deal or no deal ! :) poor guy only won wiht 5,000 . but I could use it lol 
my nitght has consisted of : working , small group , Discovery health channel , a butt load of faceboo quizes , and crashing on the couch . tomorrow : NEW IPOD TOUCH , work again blah ! and whatever the Lord brings my way . o and visiting the < PROPFEMALE > garden ! im getting that Job ! 
for right now : SLEEP ! HECK YES ! 
what am I going to do about my Job ? help me Lord :( 
Im wanting to go to bed , and then I find myself on youtube . Im done for ... 
had such a great night ! < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > ! saw the proposal for the 3rd time ! so funny ! and I met the coolest people ever ! talk about divine set up ! Ive had a blessed day ! thank you Lord ! 
Ima couch potato all day ! I start my new Job tonight and its a grave yard shift ! eeesh 
Grandpa is 82 and in the hospital battling serious infection from a dog bite ! pray for healing ! its not his timing ! God still has more for him ! keep him in prayers ! 
frustrated ... 
enduring the process of memorizing sucks 
I just had a revelatoin ... I am sooo Ignorant ! 
soooooo close to getting that < PROPFIRST > Corinos Job ! I aint givin up ! Im gettin that Job ! 
My poor sister < PROPFEMALE > . she made a facebook 5 hours ago and already hates it ! maybe because it hates her . lol 
I killed a spider for sissy ! :) I always thought spiders were evil ! up next , < PROPFIRST > Crowder Band with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! 
my straightner officially died ! :( 
broken before you .. 
Woke up to Psalms 20 . officially my favorite Psalm ! 
I HAVE AN INTERVIEW AT < PROPFIRST > ON THURSDAY AT 2 ! YAY ! 
SNOW FLURRIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
watching americas funniest home videos ! love it ! favorite show ever ! :D I am so easily entertained 
I dont get it . 
I hate twilight . ahhhh 
My Brain hurts ! I hate over analyzing things ! bla ! 
wow Lord what a night ... 
chew on this ... grace empowers you to do what you cant 
My twitter updates arent forwarding themselves to facebook and i cant figure out why ! 
ok I lied .. now im going to bed haha 
I want to shoot the online Gap application < PROPFEMALE > ! its not working ! AHH 
Off to Ihop with my family ! then Job hunting again ! Your will Be Done Lord ! Oh and then Tonght hangin with < PROPFEMALE > and Becca ! Good day ahead of me ! 
off to the mall .. again . then to small group ! 
is a Christian and proud to say it !! Let's see how many people on fb aren't afraid to show their love for God and declare Jesus as Savior and Lord ! Repost this as your status . Each time you see this on someones status , say a quick prayer for that person !! Let's get God back in this country like He should be !!! If you agree post this in your status update . Just copy and paste 
I work today ! no bueno ... 
Just Got a call from Saphora ! I have a group interview at 3 tomorrow ! heck yess ! 
I learned something today .. If and when you pick a fight with God . youll always lose or walk away with a limp 
Walking with Christ isnt a Just a life style . its what Life is 
God is not an inconsiderable God . 
Im fat ! 
had movie marathon day today ! just watch all time classic Alladin ! and now im on to \I am Legend\ " ooo Love it ! " 
off to church , good morning ! I cant wait ! 
Happy moments , PRAISE GOD . Difficult moments , SEEK GOD . Quiet moments , WORSHIP GOD . Painful moments , TRUST GOD . Every moment , THANK GOD . 
I officially have 2 jobs ! God has such a sense of humor ! I love it ! 
I just watched Marly and Me . that beats Titanic by a mile ! 
soooooo ... moms hospitalized again .. and Brookster is stayin ova ! 
home sweet home .. Im tired ! 
AHHHHHH I HATE RELIGIOSITY 
soooo . I work at Texas Roadhouse , I now work at Pier 1 Imports , and now Im being offered a job at 1318 fashions with my own choice of hours . wow ask and you shall recieve but now what ????? suggestions peoples ? 
via < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Arviso \checkers cause strife\ " hahaha Ive never had such an intense checkers game ! " 
Im going to sleep .. finally . time to start over 
you know what i want tonight . to drive over to the Breauno Sand Dunes and fall asleep under a magnificent , glorious and breath taking Starry sky 
GO BSU !!!! WE ARE VICTORIOUS ! 
o I just love procrastination ... 
ok Im sick of home again .. 
Its the weekend .. God is so good 
ahhh i hate it when im txting in a status on my phone and it ends up being a comment to someone elses status bah 
wow God works in mysterious ways 
So I just got accepted into the Honor Academy in Texas 
goin to sleep , tomorows a good day 
what a day .. Im beat 
back to the drawing board ... finding yet another Job 
God brings confirmation in the most unexpected ways :) wow 
< PROPFEMALE > thinks shes a cat and hops like a < PROPFEMALE > and I thought I got a puppy ?? 
interview @ < PROPFEMALE > Garden tomorrow ! excited ! 
i think im going crazy . Pier one imports just layed me off , < PROPFEMALE > Garden is fully staffed , as well as the cheesecake factory and saphora . and Im back to one Job at texas roadhouse with no hours and low pay :( :( Overload ... 
anybody Got words of wisdom ? < PROPFEMALE > for your thoughts ? 
I love Portland 
my mommy made a facebook ! cool ?? 
Today was a good day ! talked to some of worlds best God given mentors . also completed my Portland Bible Application for spring semester and spoke to some places with Job openings . good day good day ! also 2 days till round 2 of GU ! life is b-e-a-utiful ! 
I need provision .. I need Jobs 
went Job searching today . I met some pretty awesome managers at some pretty awesome places ! hope I getta Job ! Im excited to see what happens , especially when i was on the computer for 7 hours filling out online applications eesh 
Gen unleashed round 2 ... time to kick up the burner a lil bit ! time for a double anointing ! God saves the best for last ! 
Ahh ! life is good ! GU2010 is over ! see you portland in 6 months ! time to move forward ! today is the day of salvation . God has called me to today 
sad to say . My favorite part about the superbowl is the commercials ! theyre so funny 
Ive gone old school . watchin Jurassic Park origional ! heck yes 
Got an interview w/ Pizza Hut today ! 
well today was quite productive .. I walked in to Pizza hut .. walked out with a Job .. Hired on the Spot ! thats the God I serve 
Me : Mom did you know that some angels have 6 wings in heaven ? Jenny : O wow thats so cool ! how many wings does my angel have .. 1 ? lol !! 
Had a great night tonight you only are happy as you are holy 
If your dream is going backwards remember that even a sling shot must go backward in order to gain force to explode . \ " , 201 0-0 2-23 03:08:06 " 
aint feelin so hot :( 
watching signs ! wow sooo good ! love that movie ! 
free at last ! i dont like getting into biblical debates eesh ! 
ya know something I realized tonight ... with this thing called life ... ya I have no idea what im doing 
Hair drama at the salon ! my hair is finally done and lookin Good ! :) 
Gonna go Jump into that book \Good Morning Holy Spirit\ " from < PROPMALE > Hinn again ! this book is seriously changing my life . amazing what God uses as tools to transform us :) " 
Wow ATF was < PROPFEMALE > good ! weve encountered God ! now time for round 2 After Dark this monday at the Morrison center ! Jam packed ! yet another 2500 young people showin up ! Revival @BSU this monday ! Gods not done encountering people at the Morisson Center yet ! 
NO EYE HAS SEEN , NO EAR HAS HEARD , NO MIND HAS CONCIEVED WHAT GOD HAS IN STORE FOR THOS WHO LOVE HIM ! 1 COR 2:9 that'll preach ! 
getting 2 wisdom teeth pulled tomorrow ... :( great to start my spring break . loopy on pain meds and eating apple sauce I cant wait ! 
hey all ! as you know teeth pulled today , there for no church but got Ice cream , sherbert and frozen yogert galore ! please feel free to stop by for some company :) txt me 
making a new Free < PROPMALE > ? yet again ? no no no ! Free < PROPMALE > is based off of a true story ! theyre wrecking it ! tacky . I love the Origional ! 
not to self in case your ever being attack by a jaguar fight it back with a can of hair spray and a ligher ! 
Counsel in the heart of man is like deep water ; but a man of understanding will draw it out ( Prov . 20:5 ) . < PROPFEMALE > good !! 
I dont like being a vegetable ... there are so many places I could be right now ... Praise God I can go out and be a little active .. I hope my mouth feels better ! healing in Jesus name 
ouch ! it hurts to smie , and it hurts to laugh !! Oral surgery no bueno ! no comedies for me today ! lol 
I stole the quote from a friend because its that good ! \If i could write your music i could change your culture . \"" 
I get to attend Church tomorrow ! a little swollen and a little sore . but I get to leave the house ! yay Im excited for my easy but free day tomorrow 
I was thinking ... God is so Good ! I love my new Job at Kohls ! I love the People , I love the Payment and God is Providing the perfect hours to ! im so blessed ! even the Managements awesome ! God wil use them to keep me in line . Just got word in that Kohls do transfers . and theres is a Kohls with in 5 minutes of Portland Bible College ! If thats not God planned out I dont know what is ! the best is yet to come ! 
heck yess ! freak storm outside ! thats epic ! 
My mommmy filled my gas tank by suprise ! awww thanks mom ! yay 
My manager should have been a psychology < PROPMALE > ! haha ! 
I got like ... a zillion new friends today ! thank you Jesus ! I just cant remember half their names ! this calls for another jumbo wendys dinner night ! :) 
Buying my kids krispy creams for easter ! Theyll be so excited ! 
God . Pure , Holy , All Powerful and All Knowing , who knew no sin , clothed himself with flesh and became sin because of a love he had for mankind stronger then the grave . Jesus came and was Crucified for our Sin , and afflictions ! He literally split all time and history in half ! this is the God I serve ! My God is alive ! every knee will bow every tongue Confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the < PROPFEMALE > of the father ! 
Lots on my mind tonight .. peace be still 
Watching Collision Conference On GodTV . Last Night I saw Pastor < PROPMALE > Thompson that was amazing , Tonight Pastor < PROPMALE > Perez is on and Totally Lovin it ! Preach It Pastor !! 
When Jesus comes in , the ( 
Head a pretty cool quote . the only difference between a teacher and a preacher is that a teacher tells and a preacher yells ! haha true true ! 100% !!! 
Quote to start the day off : When Jesus says yes no one else can say no ! AMEN ! 
Im smart i made the church office alarms go off ! And the fire department might be on theyre way ! I love it when its my fault lol 
People healed at both GCD last week and Gcb last night ! We go from < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > ! Tonight Gods bringing a double portion ! 
wow ! thank you Jesus ! tonight was amazing ! encountering God is amazing but even better , seeing your friends encounter God to , its so awesome and fulfilling to see God move in powerful ways in others lives ! now lets go deeper friends ! 1 Corinthians 2:9 
What a beautiful morning ! Im directing traffic for a little league baseball team with my fellow coworkers .! 
Its so bright outside ! Time to get some shades ! 
best day ever ! Spent a half an hour hearding a cow out of the little league baseball team parking lot ! Got trampled a good 3 times now I have a bruised and indented foot ! but Just made my day a little more interesting ! 
Does your walk with Gid have substance or is it fluffy ? 
I think I got pranked big time @kohls today . some weird prank calls . whoever it was can shove it .. that was beyond stupid .. 
Love the people that are the hardest to love and they will never leave you 
I think im going to treat myself to a Grande Starbucks coffee this morning ! 
I just ROCKED an Interview at the flippen Cheesecake Factory ! Pray I do good on my second interview ! I claim that Job in Jesus Name ! 
Today im being a typical girl ! Lol 
I love canaan hackler 
Tomorrows gonna be a long day .. Grace Grace Lord 
wakin up to the start of a long day . I prolly wont get home till 12 tonight . this means I need more starbucks ! yes ! 
ok so im already creating a bucket list for this summer 1)Portland Trip 2 ) Texas Trip 3)CAMP AND GCB LIVE ! 4 ) sky Diving 5 ) Fishing Trip 6 ) Go shooting for the first time 7 ) any other ideas ? 
Watching Clash of the Titans ! Wow really intense really good 
hmm now I cant decide what movie was better . Clash of the Titans or Avatar ... Im leanin towards Avatar but they were both so good . close call 
GU in the car on the way to work ! What could be better 
I need to work out ! time to get a membership @Golds .. unless anybody has any recommendations .. shout out for some good work out spots 
Up early for church ! cant wait ! Today is gonna be a great day 
Its so nice outside ! Four wheeling would be so fun right now 
O yess ! Im off ! Only one more day and then im off for nearly a week ! Praise God ! 
hahaha lookin at my California Trip pictures from last summer ! all I have to say is priceless ! histerical , I was < PROPFEMALE > crazy in Cali ! thats what happens when you get around family I guess 
taking my car in this morning , my engine lights on . hope its not too serious I really need my car 
I REALLY want to be outside right now ! Sounds like an epic storm ! 
Trust in the Lord with All of your heart , < PROPFEMALE > not on your own understanding , in all of your ways aknowledge me and I will make your paths straights . Prov 3:5 
Im tired . I seriously need coffee 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > were thinking ... why does God keep giving us wisdom teeth ? Lol 
Tonights going to be a jail break night . 
God has to bless faith 
ugh I want summer to be here now ... 
Capital Womens Conference tonight ! this place is gonna get rocked with some Holy Ghost tonight ! 
Praise God for water ! 
I got sun glasses yesterday and they already broke ! ugh time to return them 
Full of Joy , full of the Spirit , full of Birthday cake and full of relief .. the weekend is over IT IS FINISHED ! :) 
ahh yes ! im so excited for my friend . Gods doin some big things . the best is yet to come ! Im so blessed ! I love seeing God work in friends lives 
Ahhh 45 minutes and I can go home 
Ahh ! Finally going home ! Next stop couch , tv , food and facebook . And eventually sleep 
Watching a pretty sick storm outside . And im home alone hopefull my house doesnt cave in from all the hail lol 
Just saw the movie \how to train your dragon\ " cutest movie ever now I want a dragon haha at least my puppy looks like Toothless " 
Back in biology today . Go figure study of science in church 
Via @brookeohyeah \a cell is the magic schoolbus inside the human body :D \ " haha so true ! Love bio lesson today " 
Traffic is being annoying ! 
The Holy Spirit is the ultimate advantage . < PROPMALE > 11:9 -13 
Ok cleaning my car is an absolute must today . 
Just had a lunch break with my all time best friend aka my twin ! Miss her tons 
Cds and sharpies not mixing well right now ! I give up lol 
I love how the day I role out of bed and throw on a sweatshirt my friends tell me I look cute ? maybe I have this all backwards haha 
So im walking down the hallway on intern break . And my manager from texas roadhouse is steam cleaning our church carpet haha okay ..? 
6 hour shift w/ 1 20 < PROPFEMALE > break off at 1045 ^ can do this 
An hour and a half left . Hope we get out on time 
My manager wont let any of us leave until I sing ! Whats that about ! 
My verse for the night , and pretty much the rest of the day tomorrow \You keep track of all my sorrows . You have collected all my tears in your bottle . You have recorded each one in your book . Psalm 56:8 \"" 
O yes ! Im in shoes today no folding towels for 8 . Shoes on a saturday is a miracle ! 
Totally excited to teach my class today ! I love my kids ! So blessed ! 
And if our God is for us , then who could ever stop us , and if our God is with us then what can stand against ! 
All I wanna do right now is go into the mountains and < PROPFEMALE > gaze all night 
Buh bye Boise ! 
Wow only take 2 hours to fly to Minnesota from Idaho . Who knew ? 
What is it with me and typos lately ? Maybe its because I never sleep 
Great i barely it for 3 days and now I fill up on starbucks 
Short break over back < PROPFEMALE > plane next stop washington DC . Long flight ahead of me tho :/ 
So we get off the plane in DC . Its so humid here . Via < PROPFEMALE > \feels like someone shampood the carpet hard core ! \"" 
Ya totally maxed out on pictures . Now I can take DC home w/ me . Best part is . This is only the first day . My camera needs grace haha 
This is all for you Lord this is all for you ! Your the < PROPMALE > of the world ! 
I need an extra shot vinte frappe right now 
Yay no more stair case to heaven escelators . great day today :) Long day tomorrow not going to bed any time soon . So lots of coffee tomorrow 
O ya and God totally saved the hotel today . Left my flat iron on and melted both mine and brookes flat irons and didnt catch on fire 
Wow Just had the climax of my entire DC trip 
So excited ! We got to meet and pray over Congressman < PROPFIRST > Gomert . Hes so sweet and humble . tonight hes giving us a personalized tour of the Capital ! Cant wait 
Most perfect ending to my day singing amazing grace in the Rotunda in the very center of DC with Congressman and fellow interns . Wow :) 
Interns pulling an all nighter ! Heck yess sleepin on the plane tomorrow ! 
Our last plane landed late we literally just sprinted through the airport to make it on our last plane . Home sweet home in only 1 hour 
Im so glad to be home . I missed my friends :) 
I think its time to go camping now ! 
Trust isnt always easy 
haha yess I Just woke up ! I needed that so bad . Im actually alive again ! 
Off @1045 tonight . But rumor has it were gettin out early . Sure hope so 
MSN IM needs spell check ! lol ! 
Im bored , someone come watch movies with me :) 
come reveal yourself to me , cuz your all I want to see , If I only had one glimpse , it would last eternity ! 
Today is wednesday ! So excited for whats in store ! 
I get to meet a really cool Grandma soon : 0 ) 
Holy Spirit please come and show up tonight ! 
Im on top of the world ! thank you Jesus 
wow tonight was so awesome ! tonight is what I call a marker night ;) 
EXCITED FOR TONIGHT !!!! AHH ! 
GET READY GET READY GET READY FOR TONIGHT ! GODS GOT SOMETHIN SPECIAL UP HIS SLEEVE ! :) 
EMBRACE . 
dove into the word today ! and totally lovin it ! 
I simply Just Love my life . God is so good ! 
singin country in the car ! 
excited for interns ! 
i love how your words bring such peace Lord . thank you Jesus 
Dancin in the living room with my sissy to Gen Unleashed ! and lovin life ! 
theology trumps psychology 
so many thoughts .. yet nothing to say 
It's 2am . I'm tired but happy . I love my life and all of my friends . And I thank God everyday for the peeps he appointed to my life . Also .. Tho it being 2am I'm thinking I'm ready for what God has to unfold . I'm ready to pour out . I'm ready to let go . I'm ready to trust and I'm ready to recieve . Gods got a new anointing coming and yet there's still more to fix and restore . Lastly .. it's 2am and I'm goin to sleep 
All things are possible with you , all things are possible with you , all things are possible with you , all things are possible with you ! thats my Declaration ! 
ya soo ... what in the world happened last night ? did that actually happen ? 
my sissys making us pie ! 
Im just waiting ... 
i absolutely love my life ! thank you lord for your cross , for your purpose over my life , for your love , and for the people you divinely appointed into my life ! you are so good ! 
I don't exactly know how I got here or where I'm going and yet I finally have peace ? How does this work Lord ? I don't have to understand just trust . God your will be done , you know what your doing ! 
my mom almost booked a week cruise to the mexican riviera that leaves this saturday ! holy cow sooo glad It fell through not ready for a cruise < PROPFEMALE > week and for a week for that matter 
i love my life so much ! im so blessed ! im excited and ready for this next season 
expecting a call from Cabellas today for an interview ! okay friends start Prayin ! I needa job ! : 0 ) why is it im always job searching ? O well God has a plan ! 
God sees all . 
my new < PROPMALE > name is either utter or cowlick ? say what ?! 
what a perfect time to have your prayer language at the fair ! thank God for tongues ! 
Just me n ' Jesus in the car ! I love goin on drives ! all time favorite place to worship ! 
But the TV's over there .. :) 
Im nervious and Im toast ! enough said ! 
thanx for all the birthday blessings ! love you all ! 
C'MON! BSU ! VICTORY IN JESUS NAME ! WE ROCK !!!! 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSSS ! 
VICTORY IS OURS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO BOISE !!! 
wow God your so good everythings falling into place ! 
ouch ;( 
the enemy has the same tactics , the same lies , the same fear , the same threats , But God has the Same love , the same Power the same authority , the same purpose , the same calling and the same Promises . he is the everlasting God , He is the same yesterday , today and forever , Many of you God has promised things , the word for you today is dont tarry , dont grow weary in doing good , for in Due time you WILL reap a harvest 
God your restoration is soooo good ! thank you ! you make all things new ! 
A true friend\ 
doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about your\ 
past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... They love you for who\ 
you are ! A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and\ 
never question the friendship . REPOST if you are blessed with at least\ 
one true friend . They will know who they are 
life is goooooooooooood ! 
working on something way amazing ! 
dear Lord , please save Tater for my family ! :*} 
the Devil doesnt like small beginnings because hes scared of Big potential 
so theres one position left at petsmart , and its the very position I want , thats my Job in Jesus name ! I need that Job so bad ! be prayin friends ! :) 
everybody say YAY ! my Ipods missing :*( 
O the Love of Job searchin ... 
frustrated .... 
BOISE ...... STATE !!! 
So I have an interview with Cabelas on Wednesday at 2 ! PRAY PRAY PRAY PRAY PRAY !!!!!! 
learning about angels on GODTV ! 
okay cabelas interview here i come your will be done Lord 
whens this gonna get easier Lord ? 
Every knee will bow before you ; Every tongue Confess that you are Lord ! You are < PROPMALE > of All creation ; you are Lord of ALL ! 
5 months ! 
ahhh jobs ! 
dang ... rough 24 hours , but GU tonight things are lookin up 
Grace for Grace Jesus ! SOS 
Holdiing on ; standing strong upon your word . Holding on ; for your promises are sure 
In your BLood there is healing ! in your blood I am Redeemed ! In your blood there is mercy , for all to recieve ! for all to receive ! 
I need to start reminding myself of this every day : love waits and God has his perfect timing , that his word doesn't return void and he is faithful to complete his promise ; that pateince has to have it's perfect work in me so I lack nothing . Love waits ... and endures all things 
I just about have the Coolest Boise State shirt EVER ! 
boyfriend gone :*( 
sigh .. 
whats this ? me experiencing peace .. its nice , thanx Lord 
Love requires selflessness 
Wow mountains aren't fun :*( 
Goodbye Grandma < PROPFEMALE > I love you . You will be missed 
Lovin the new job ! A lot of work bit it's great and who needs Golds gym when you can just get paid to workout at the cheesecake factory ! And the best part is NO MORE JOB HUNTING ! hunting seasons ova ! Praise you Jesus 
I LOVE MY NEW JOB AT THE CHEESECAKE FACTORY ! I AM SOOO BLESSED ! THANK YOU JESUS ! 
buh bye kohls : 0 ) 
wow a step closer to saving a generation , today is a day of Breakthrough thank you Jesus , you are so worthy , there will be a day that every knee will bow , and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is The Lord , Savior of the World 
6 months !! 
Yay ! Ive lost weight , But I have grey hair :*( no bueno 
CHRISTMAS SONGS STUCK IN MY HEAD !! 
last night was so unreal ! amazing ! 
I am absolutley dying of bordom .... :/ someone save me 
dang i have sooooo much to pay for ! thank you Jesus for a Job 
think think think ... 
haha .. I love Morgans Jewelers ! :) 
Wow I'm completely awake and it's not even 9 ? Weird .. 
off to work to make some christmas money !! :) 
and life goes on .... 
wrappin Muttie Gifts with < PROPFIRST > :) fun ! 
ahhhhh bsu ! time for divine intervention 
AHHHHHHHHHHHH TOUCHDOWN ! 
cmon !!! bsu pull it together ! 
Had one of the best and most memorable class with my kids today ! Nothing I love more then pouring into them ! Thank you Jesus for my wonderful class ! 
Time to take a poll : how many of you are betting on a snow day in Highschool and college campuses tomorrow ? 
Date night at a truck stop Dennys in Parma ! odd ... 
God is still God even when Godly people stop being Godly 
time to save up a bunch of money , get a new car and move out ! ahhhh 
nothin i love more then stupid family drama .. 
You are my strenght Lord ! My fortess and strongtower ! Thank you for your grace 
You know your too obsessed with Christmas Decorating when the Local news announces your house could be one of the leading causes of Global warming via TLC 
God you are my provider ! You always have been and you always will ! Help me in this season Lord for I can't do this without you . With Christ all things are possible 
Tonight has been the most hardcore Jesus therapy i've had in my entire life wow 
well Gods really redirecting me so I guess my job is my one of my top priorities .. thats what God wants me doing right now so thats what im going to do , time to kick it into gear . help me to do a good job Lord 
night out in the vegas strip with auntie < PROPFEMALE > ! a night of no sleep here we come ! 
I miss my wonderful man of God ! : 0 ) I cant wait to see him 
2 days and I can see him ! :) 
takin my amazing boyfirend out to the cheesecake factory for his birthday ! 
Today wad a good day ! < PROPFIRST > got me to try clam and I loved , next time were takin a step of faith and ordering < PROPMALE > crab , and played Monopoly wii for 5 hours and even when we teamed up we lost to a computer ! Tomorrows a new day 
I can sum up my entire life in 3 words : I dont know 
Things I'm thankful for : Jesus and his freedom , God and everything he is and had for me , I'm thankful for < PROPFIRST > and his wonderful family , my wonderful family , my job , my close friends , a roof over my head , a car to drive Gods unending hope , purpose and so much more 
am I going to generation unleashed this year ??? i still dont know .. 
I love you God , Your In Control 
My God is Faithful to complete that which he has started If I do not give up , there will be a harvest 
startin to get warmer .. sorry skiers and snowboarders but i want that snow bye bye ! time for spring ! winter got old fast 
tired of fake people ... 
gen unleashed today ready or not ! and codys flying for the first time today ! 
so entirely bored 
God tells me to wait so i wait 
excited , ready , and embracing big change ! finally ! 
so stoked for this sunday ! time go faster please !! :] 
church was so awesome on wednesday ! cant wait to see what God does on sunday 
Gmas coloring my hair today ! yay no roots 
Love is not a Disney story or fairytale , and not always a feeling , Love is a choice , our generation preaches that we can love we it's convenient , when it feels good to love and you get the Disney land feeling and all the butterflies . God wasn't lyinng when he said love hopes all things believes all things and ENDURES all things 
You know what the true < PROPFEMALE > of my heart is ? Is to live a completely unshaken outragious life for the kingdom of God 
PEOPLE NEED TO BE NICER WHEN THEY DRIVE ! ~ :-/ 
< PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
tough night at work tonight :( 
It's nights like this that makes me wanna pack everything up and move to Portland .... 
Turbotax wrecked my day ! yay ! 
