< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody . 

Got my first IV today . Thought the ordeal was over yesterday and boy was I WRONG lol . Hopefully I actually pass this little bugger soon . 
Finally passed that little pain day before yesterday , then felt like crap yesterday . What a week , lol . 
I saw what's left of the McDonald's in Monett . All I can say is rofl . 
starts his next semester of college on Tuesday . Awesome ! 
Since the AFC decided to come down to a farce playoff team and Peyton McChoke , and I hate < PROPFIRST > Favre's guts , I'll be bandwagoning the Saints this year . Go Brees ! 
If anybody in my mafia has a passport I'll trade pretty much everything in my meager collection for it ! If not , I could use the Baht envelopes , I'll do my best to send them back ! 
Screw < PROPFIRST > Favre and go Saints ! 
Huh . Can't get to my profile through the profile link or the one with my name , but if I find one of my pics and click on it I can get there . Now I get to figure out wtf is going on . -_- 
Figured it out . Doesn't mean it's not retarded . 
Won't be long now til I get my money - and a car ! Thank God .... 
Civilization 5 was announced today ! Can't wait ! 
Hopefully by next weekend my car's heater core will be in ! 
Monday my car will finally be legal . Woulda been today , but I forgot the < PROPFEMALE > release . Stupid me ... 
Car's finally legal ! Bout damn time too ! 
Found my notebook but still need to find my Education textbook . At least I managed to find half the missing duo - much thanks to my Education teacher for it too . 
Just finished my 5-hour teacher observation . Now to put everything off for 3-4 days so I can enjoy some of the off time ! 
DEATH BY SNU-SNU ! rofl Futurama is awesome ! 
Hermes is an annoying little bastard ... 
Anybody have a Green Bowler's Cap in Mafia Wars ? I have 4 of the Laser Sights from the Crew Collection so whoever spares a cap for me will get one ! 
Two hours of sleep sucks total ass :( 
I have : 2 GPS Signal Scrambler , 5 Classified Report , 2 Guidance Module , 2 Map of the Garage , 3 Shipment Info , 3 Tracking Laser Sight . I want to trade down to 1 of those to get what I'm missing : Access Code , Guards Schedule , Schedule of Truck Route , Ultralite Fuel Cell , Microchip Fitted Key , Counterfeit ID Badges . If you need something and have extra of something I need , let me know so we can set something up ! 
Has no idea what to do for this philosophy of education paper . Everything I put sounds like \what they want to hear\ " and that's not right . Ugh . " 
Happy Easter everybody ! 
Apparently I'm losing my sense of humor ..... bad joojoo for me , cause I love it:'( 
Hey terrorist ! Terrorize this ! 
Bored out of my mind . Ugh . Nothing like spending most of a Saturday at home doing literally nothing .... 
is resigned to the likely future . 
has visions of baseball bats and < PROPFIRST > guns dancing in his head . 
What a night . 
T minus five minutes to < PROPMALE > Capone kicking < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>' ass ! 
\I serve this country at my pleasure . And we all know you can count on me pleasuring myself ! \ " rofl < PROPFIRST > Stark is awesome . " 
I am gonna be pissed as hell if the Aztec wins tonight . I want to call a fight correctly , dammit ! 
Please put this on your status if youknow , or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it wasobliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understandthat the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wantsonly to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues tokillinnocent civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make thisyour statusfor at least one hour ? 
Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > ! Next up is college , with a clean slate , so make the most of it ! 
Nazi SS vs Viet Cong in just over an hour ! Hitler's boys won't be giving up anytime soon . Too bad the James/Capone replay is on ... grenade vs rifle at long range ? WTF ? \ 
Gun vs gun , dammit ! 
Going jobhunting tomorrow . Hoping I can find something that will fit around class . Wish me luck ! 
Job interview today at 3 , place called Vector . I need the $$$ so I hope I get this job . 
< PROPMALE > Centurion vs Rajput Warrior tonight . That metal whip might be cool , but tower shield = win ! 
The Immortal won , making me 3-5 for this season of Deadliest Warrior ! Only thing that made tonight better was spending it with her ! 
Wow , that was a lot of clips to listen to for the Baroque and Classical periods . To all those thinking of taking Music Appreciation online for an easy A - it's more work than you think ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes , everyone ! Happy birthday to me ! 
Great-grandpa Gripka just got some really bad news . 2-4 for weeks to live , tops , before stomach cancer gets him . We love you grandpa ! 
Wee Vee fell victim to the USS Iowa . Figures . First Scharnhorst and now Iowa , can't get the rolls I need to kill the biguns when I need them :( 
Musashi one-hit-killed Bismarck and Akagi but still ended up in a draw cause of freakin ' submarines ... 
Been a rough day today . Hopefully all the bad joojoo is gone . Rest in peace , Sable . Was hoping to see you one more time before you went . Thought I had a few more years . To anyone who reads this , make sure you < PROPFEMALE > your ( and your parent's/friend's/family's/etc ) pets while they're alive . 
Weapons up for Mongol vs Comanche .... my choice hasn't changed . Mongol all the way ! 
Done with school til the 23rd . Bout time , too . Screw online classes . 
Discovery Channel really should do some new stuff for Shark Week . Air Jaws and the ilk get boring ... there's only so much you can say about great whites jumping out of the water . Yeah ... I'm bored . 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing his/her family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but sacrificing their own for our freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week ....... Repost this if you are in the military , ... love a military member , hold memories of a fallen hero , or appreciate our troops ! 
School starts for me Tuesday . Gonna be awesome . 
Ugh , ten bucks of gas in my car only gets a trip and a half to school . Oh well , gotta finish switching locks and I can change it8-) 
I shot a man in Reno , just to watch him die .... < PROPFIRST > Cash rules . 
C-BASE test Friday . I'm told it's like the ACT , but I have to write a 5 paragraph essay . If true .... too easy . 
C-BASE seemed simple enough . I'll find out how I did here in a few weeks . Now all I got to do is test into Math 107 and I'll be set to graduate in the spring ! 
Woo , tested into 107 . Definitely gonna get my AAT this spring . Can't wait , either . Been busy as hell getting things done and it's only gonna get harder the closer May gets . 
Fuck Madden 11 and the stupid passing changes . 
Going spelunking tomorrow for geology class . Gonna be all kinds of interesting . 
How bout them Steelers8-) 
As much as I like the production I'll be getting in my league that I started McFadden is , where did the real Raiders go ? 
I hate you , < PROPMALE > Manning . 
Got my C-BASE scores today . Composite 377 , scored in the 92nd percentile8-) 
< PROPMALE > , Boardwalk Empire , a Steeler game actually airing in Missouri , and the Walking Dead . Spectacular night , even if the Steelers lost . 
What a way to start the week . New House , < PROPMALE > , Boardwalk Empire and Walking Dead , a Steeler win and wins in every one of my fantasy football leagues8-) ! 
Just a few more weeks left . CBASE and CAAP tests done . Scheduling for Spring done . Projects for Tech for Teaching and observation for Teaching Professionals almost done . Can't wait til winter break . 
30 days and I'll be home for a little while . Can't wait . 
RIP Great Grandpa . 
New policy : if I < PROPFEMALE > anything out , the person I'm < PROPFEMALE > ing it to will pay a down payment of whatever it costs to rebuy said item . 
Gonna be on my way to Clarksburg tomorrow . The insanity that was finals is over , looking forward to relaxing for a while . 
O'Hare wants me to pay for wifi . Gotta be the greediest retards I know . Unbelievable . 
School started back up . 6AM to be here by 8 is way too early . Heard that the cat I used to live with , Frosty , joined Sable ( our dog ) a few days ago . Gonna miss them both . 
Pittsburgh Steelers going to the Super Bowl again ! First to seven Lombardis ! 8-) 
Go Steelers ! 
Ugh , < PROPMALE > . Should have treated your receivers like they were in bathroom stalls . Probably would have won then . At least it wasn't < PROPFIRST > . Thank God for that . 
Yay my sinus infection is going away ! Tae kwon do would have sucked hard if it hadn't . 
Hm . The next 21 and a half hours couldn't go by faster . Could they ? I hope they can . 
The Rock ! I haven't watched wrestling in years , but I got a stream of that in a real quick hurry . It's amazing how quickly the fans turned on Cena . The Attitude < PROPFEMALE > isn't dead yet ! 8-) 
Holy crap I need to practice my kicks and form for tae kwon do . Then again , coming off a sinus infection really didn't help lol . I'll do better next week ! 
Time for a Back to the Future binge . GREAT < PROPFIRST > ! 
rofl so much irony packed into not even half of the first Back to the Future . 
1.21 GIGAWATTS ?! WHERE AM I GONNA GENERATE THAT KIND OF POWER ! 
Hm . Looks like time for some Deadliest Warrior . 
Red = best hair color ever . 
Been a good day today . 
Provisionally accepted to my 4-year school . Awesome . Spring break needs to come faster . These two papers SUCK . 
After watching my Ric Flair and < PROPMALE > Hart DVDs , then reading Jericho's book ... I realized there's no way I can watch wrestling as it is now . 
Holy crap I think that was the best mic work I've ever seen Cena do . 
Sweet Jesus , that has to have been the single worst < PROPMALE > I've ever seen . < PROPMALE > 11 was better , and Bam Bam Bigelow was in its main event ! 
