Happpyy Neeeeew Yeeeeearrr !!!! 

has deleted any1 i don't really know as I'm \starting over\ " life in general ... I may also have found my dad and half brothers and a sis !!!!!!!!!! I'm also in love and pregnant with a baby boy <3 " 
Hasn't been on since i signed up for it a year ago , but realizing that most/all family is here ... I'm back now for sure ... I hope you see this < PROPFIRST > ! 
Happy Mother's Day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! and isn't it ? xoxoxoxox to all mommies <3 
Pressure coming down on me , under pressure ... and that is how < PROPFEMALE > s are made kids ! shine on u crazy < PROPFEMALE > ! 
pics comin up soon as I'm ready to organize them ... <3 
INTENSE !!! You would not believe how all my pain fear and confusion has dissipated ! And in time you will see that it is true ! I keep crying but today it is because I am so happy and grateful !!! I love you family , and damn < PROPMALE > , you are some amazing Man !!! I love you GOD !!! Thank you !!!!! 
Part2)These habits are : The Work Habit , The Health Habit , and The Study Habit . If you are a man and have these habits , and also have the love of a woman who has these same habits , you are in paradise now and here , and so is she . \ - < PROPMALE > Hubbard " 
Out with the shame ! I'm not blaming myself anymore , I accept all that I have been through and put myself through accepting myself as I am today and who I've become . I forgive myself . I'm moving on to become all those positive things I'd always hoped were possible ... 
just found out one of my best friends miscarried , please pray for her < ) 
Tryin ' to figure out how to make my posts appear where every1's are not just on my profile , I went into privacy settings , so hopefully that worked . 
I like too much music to puts it all , take too long ! In time , I guess <3 
I'm off today ! yay !! Just woke up 2pm , playin ' music for baby boy in my belly , He dances EVery TIme !!! What an amazing feeling ! & my boyfriend comin ' home 5-7pm so gotta get pretty <3 and we goin ' to get a delicious healthy Publix sub and off to the Beach to check out the New < PROPFEMALE > Gathering , so in love with life these days ! 
me and baby boy are having acorn squash and baked sweet potato fries for lunch , yummers ! <3 
so what the heck is this poke business all about ? I'm not sure I wanna be poked ? So I'm def not sure I wanna \poke\ " back :/ My boyfriend pokes me and I will BITE him . i " 
just talked 2my daughter on the phone ! I need to find things to help her feel good , cuz < PROPFEMALE > I asked what gets her really excited like Birthday or christmas or favorite book or movie or anything she was havin ' trouble thinkin ' of stuff .. this long distance relationship is sooo hard ! Wish I could be there to take her to dance class or play in her dress-up box , 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé , or \ 
boyfriend that works hard to take care of you and would do anything \ 
for you , then repost this as your status to give the honest good men\ 
out therethe recognition that they deserve . Because great men are \ 
few and far between , and I have one of them ? 
is so relieved I don't need to get any teeth pulled ! Just filled ! I been waitin to hear that for 6 years ! Also , I'm gaining plenty of pregnancy weight when I was worried I wasn't gaining enough . Such good news today !!! 
Fighting to stay awake til I'm outta work around midnight , damn appointments makin ' it so we not gettin ' enough sleep ! Got another tommorow , and the next day and scattered throughout the next few weeks .... sooo sleepy and need SunShine & excercise . Hurtin ' boyyy . 
Was only lettin ' blood relatives & bff's up in here since I been back & catchin ' up ( bout a month now ) , but now lettin ' people in I used to go to school wit & ex-co-wrokers , so what it is ? 
Gettin ' dissed ? I hate when people can't say it to your Face(Book in this case ) or answer the phone to let you know . I deserve WAY better . Their LosS ! 
just woke up from TRying to nap , couldn't get to deep sleep though . I dub the rest of the day \Chill day\ " after what has just been \ " Hell Week \"" 
Since I couldn't sleep the day away like I planned too not being able to sleep , I did most everything that needed to be done around the house , u kno , dishes , laundry , mop/sweep , all that good good , now the house smells great and I got a 2mile walk in today home from my prenantal appt , shower time now boooyy ! I feel a world better , now if I could just make up with him ? 
thinks it's really lame you can't order food 11pm- ? anywhere . Me & my bf both work ' til 11:30 and that is our dinner time . I really want Chinese food . 
Biggest Peeve : Judging/Judgement . 
Just saw District 9 , Avatar , and we bought The Fountain and watched last night and we bought The Secratery is for tonight <3 I def reccommend the 3 we saw . 
Don't you look at me so smug\ 
And say I'm goin bad . \ 
Who are you to judge me\ 
And the life that I live ? \ 
I know that I'm not perfect\ 
And that I don't claim to be . \ 
So before you point your fingers , \ 
Be sure your hands are clean . \ 
Judge not\ 
Before you judge yourself . \ 
If you're not ready for judgement . \ 
The road of life is rocky\ 
And you may stumble too . \ 
So while you talk about me , \ 
some1 else is judging you . 
must be taken in small doses ;) I can be a social dits , but the love is there <3 
\It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society . \ " - < PROPMALE > Hemingway " 
Needs idea's for my Daughter's Birthday June 12th !!! I gotta send something to Oregon from Florida or wherever will send it to Oregon and want it to be Super Special !!! She going to be 9 years old , HELP !!! I got about $150 to spend on somethin ' , lots of things or a big thing or both ? IDK .. she loves Animals , AquaMarine&HotPink , the book The Magic TreeHouse 
havin ' a mood swing of anger , not just pregnancy related and trying to not become too despondent , like my horoscope suggests . How did it know ? 
My replacement phone just arrived !! Yayyy !! 
Not getting enough sleep makes me toOo Emotional 7 kickin ' my pregnant ass . 5&1/2 more hours to go at work , yawn !! It's like workn 2 jobs these every other day morning appt's & workn ' ' til Midnight . It Hurttss . Get to play catch up tommorow though & sleep in until work :) 
Name/Comment ( a ) special talent(s ) you have ! I love to spell and be my bf's spell-check :) LOL ! I love to dig for the truth , then turn it into Love , your turn ! 
can't find mah phone charger . Looked all over and hit that point where I realize to stop looking , and it will turn up someplace likely right in front of my face . 
working on my Birth Plan . Hooo boy . 
is cut-off of FB for several hours , oh no ! I actually gotta go live my liiife . Lol ! Gotta get & the shower & get pretty for < PROPMALE > , then cook a healthy dinner , & we goin ' toOo the movies ( Shrek Forever After 3d ) cuz I needs to get the H*ck outta the house already . Then , our first day off 2gether in , like , forever !! Woot woot !!! 
Shrek 3d was awesome !!!! Was alot of fun ! Now our 1st day off 2gether in 4ever ! Going out for a Crawfish lunch after havin ' just chilled @his GrandParents house ( finally saw some baby pics , whatta cutie !! ;) , then ? walk on the beach ? :D :) Love him ( them)sosososo much !!! 
keeping busy with honest and loving priorities and actually getting somewhere ? :D I can run circles around my demons now , they just can't keep up . Who's laughin ' now , b*tches ? 
Another one of those days I worked until midnight , couldn't get to sleep , woke up for an early appt 830am , workin until midnight tonight and it's a very busy day , my eyes burn , I'm cranky , and can barely think ... haven't even had lunch yet . Oh , they just called me for lunch . Wish I could nap , but I'd crash to hard and not get up . Only a little over 3 hours to go ... owieeeeeee ... 
probably shouldn't Facebook on no sleep , but how else am I gonna stay awake as long as I have too ? 
My job really needs people 4 xtra hours , but I'm < PROPFEMALE > exhausted !! * So Conflicted * I'm sorry , but the old me would have taken a shot or popped a valum and sucked it up , but I don't have that option pregnant , rest is my only release & much needed ! working full-time until midnight and all these damn early morning appts like a 2nd job 
Silence is golden . \ 
Duct tape is silver . \ 
Ballgags come in a variety of coordinating colors . :P 
just got back from my first ever trip to the Flea Market with my bf's fam . I've always wanted to go and I'm so glad we did !! Loved it ! and so happy with what we got ! Now work til 11:30 :P 
Happy Father's Day to the man who did HIS best to raise me , and to the Biological Father who made me , and to the Father of my little girl , but most of ALL , to GOD , and the amazing man he sent to me and did and does everything they couldn't and who is also my best friend , my lover , and father to our baby boy inside my tummy . You are already such a great Daddy to our son ! I love you , < PROPMALE > !!! 
I'm 7 months prego ! 12 more weeks ( about 84 days ) to go , Archimedes ! I can't wait to see that precious little face ! I can't wait to be your mommy and take good care of you ! > impatient < 
loves watchin ' Wife Swap ! Having his love makes me so happy , and it's so much easier to be happy about the little things ... Easily Amused & Content <3 
... withdrawn ... 
doesn't have anything nice to say .. so ,... 
1 cup frozen berries , 1 & 1/4 Cup Silk Vanilla Soymilk , 6-8 oz plain all-natural yogurt , Blend & Enjoy ! K , let's see how it tastes ... 
Just got NetFlix & I must say , it's pretty kickass !! 
Changing my name soon , do you think I'm being paranoid not wanting my real name on here anymore ? I had it up there so a certain someone could find me if they were looking , well , I found them and it didn't really matter , so ... 
The secret of getting ahead is getting started . You don't have to get it right , you just have to get it going ! And , boy are me and my man doing a great job of keepin ' it movin ' and shakin ' :P Love you , < PROPMALE > !!!! 
Woooow . I am loving my new 2nd job !!! So far , it's waaay better than my first , and I liked my first , but this ? I think I am in loove . 
sexy sex or boring death :P 
He get aLL BEnt outta shape < PROPFEMALE > boys flirt wit me((lotsa dudes dig preggo chicks , believe it or not :P ) & I don't flirt < PROPFEMALE > I gotta man ) then goes & flirts wit other girls . I'm not mad he flirt , I'm mad he makes a big deal when they throw me compliments < PROPFEMALE > he does the same . Grrr !! MEN !! and yes , this absolutely does make me feel better :P 
... just doesn't have the energy to move 4ward until that very important piece of mail arrives ... too bummed . I should move 4ward anyway , but the disheartenment is 2 draining ... please be there tommorow ... I'm < PROPFEMALE > exhausted .. running on empty ... 
.. is having contractions non-stop today , but not close enough together to go to the hospital . I think this is what they call false labor ... they're uncomfortable enough I can't do much but wait & see ... MY BACKKK :( I had to quit my 2nd job today because I can't work through one ... thought it might've been time , but prolly need to just take it easy until ?... 
Anybody know of a great place for Sushi here in Clearwater or nearby city ? 
Lots of Birthday's today !! Wow ! Wish baby boy could come today , but now we need him to wait until Tuesday afternoon at least :) 
Baby archimades was born 7-13-10 7:51 am 9lb3oz 19and 1/2in tall 
I'll be putting up pictures soon , they're on several camera's all over the place ... I'm enjoying our son too much to take the time to do it yet though .. soon ! 
has a panic attack before I go to work . EVERYTIME . Y ? I like my job , so wtf ?! Does anyone else here get panic attacks ? It's why I don't drive too among other things . 
I haven't been here for a looong time , sorry ! soooo busy !!! Hopefully I'll get settled into my new life more and be able to make time for this every so often again . I miss it ! \ 
So , sorry if I haven't messaged you back , ask for my number if you reeeally miss me :P Much easier to speaker phone with baby boy <3 
I got engaged for ChristmaS !!!!!! Pics of the ring comin ' soon ! :D !!!!!!!!!!!!! Was the best Christmas I ever had !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I gotta pick a name for my ETSY store , but can't think a nuffin ' . hmph . Once you pick a name on there , it yours for life . Pressure . Hmm ... 
' bout to watch the LifeTime movie premier \The Craigslist Killer\ " anybody else ? " 
Yooo Gabba Gabba ! Yoo Gabba Gabba ! Yo Gabba Gabba Gabba ! GOoOOO !!! :P It's a breakfast party in my tummy , go bacon go bacon ! 
Gonna make an appt . with P-Tech to see if I get to go back to school . Wish me luck ! 
It has been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy ... but you will ALWAYS love them ... Re-post if you have @ least 1 of these friends 
> frustrated < I was hoping PTech had a daycare center on-campus & from what I've researched it looks like they don't . Or anyschools for that matter :( 
Ugh ! I can't wait til Tue . when we go check out school for me ! I'm really lonely and isolated . I love having a baby , but I need to get in school so I can make some friends and get a life ! I'm DONE hibernating . go away winter . go away . I really miss making my own money too . My home-business is taking too long to take off . Still don't drive . That don't help . Gotta get < PROPMALE > to teach me to drive ! Over this ! Over it !!! 
Four Loko 
How do you request friendship of people you don't know but want to on here ??? I see people doin ' all the time on here ... ths person is now friends with this person this person and this person , but I know they don't know that person . Grrr . 
philanthropy . thas wassup . 
Weellll , at least I'm back in G.E.D. classes > again < Just have to do my math , then I'm back to school 10 years later :P I really wanna go for Apparel Design , but I might be stcuk with Interior Design or Culinary Arts since those choices are within walking distance which eliminates the need for child-care :) 
~?~ Be very careful when you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a mans rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , and next to the heart to be loved . Copy and paste if you agree !.!.!.! ~?~ . 
