Trying to figure out how all this facebook thing works . If it's not as gay as the new myspace that'd be fucking awesome . 

I'm gonna pick the world up and imma drop it on your fucking head 
Maddd headache , but so worth it . BTPPA 
Planning my escape to Ms. Patsie's&Yoee's>:) . Not looking forward to this \talk\ " when < PROPMALE > gets off . Blehh . " 
Makin up my mindddd ! Such a hard thing to do . But it must be donee . Damn decisions ! 
Something doesn't set right with me .. it'd help if I knew what . 
It's nice to find out who's pocket that $500 ended up in . The precise reason you don't trust anyone but yourself . Finishing up school then heading out . 
Schooltime ; gettin down to business . Makin Yoee proud :) 
Organizing my thought process may be the biggest obstacle I could overcome in life so far . But I hear the most rewarding things are always the most difficult . 
Hittin YoeeYayo up . Goin to psychology if I'm not late . Stay violent kids . 
I want somewhere new . 
Nervous . I fucking hate doctors anyway . I can guess the problem and run made up tests all day . 
Man : \Sir 
Talked to my Ashtoner , that put a smile on my face . I miss her and Josh:'/ . Gotta finish up school and then make < PROPMALE>'s Gma's birthday presenttt . 
Mannn , fuck Business and Personal Finance . I made it this far without knowing what a fiscal policy is , why do I need it now ! 
Finishin school and headin to my real home ! BTPPA 
:/ 
Goin to catch some cancer and read my book . 
Joee < PROPFIRST > Clelland makes it worth while . If you're reading this ; thank you . BTPPA 
I've had to pee since twelve . 
That phone call made everything okay for now . It's amazing how someone so far can make you feel so alive . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > and Brandon :) 
Fuuuuck this school thing . Too much to process at once :( 
Just pull the fucking trigger already . 
Debating .... only a few minutes to decide . Should I stay or should I go ? Hmm . 
Guess not . 
When the FUCK did Cookie Monster become Vegetable Montster ? And < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > arent brothers , that doesnt make them less entertaining . And < PROPFIRST > being a Grouch made sense when he lived in a trashcan recycling is for people who care . WHAT IS THE WORLD COMING TO ?! RIPChildhood Sesame Street\ 
ps good luck persuading kids to become better people for the future of mankind when you can't keep their attention assholes . 
Falling away from here . 
Mannn fuck computers 
They're here !!! :D 
I want for us to meet in Montauk . 
I figured out facebook is pretty lame for the most part . 
What is the world coming to ? \i like wanton soup . that's just howI do\ " That's not music people ! " 
Nothing to do here . Old peoples communities aren't as exciting as they sound . 
Ready for things to start getting better . 
I miss it . 
Day 188 almost finished . 187 more to go . 
Fuck my life I'm never going to finish this fucking essay . So much for me moving back . 
So tireddddd . 
Feeling sick to my stomach :/ . That's just about how life tends to go though . 
\There's a hole in the world like a great black pit . And it's filled with people who are filled with shit . And the vermin of the world inhabit it . \"" 
I love my JoeeYoee . She makes me feel like I'm not such a fuck up , and maybe even a little normal . 
\Even nothing cannot last forever \"- Neil Gaiman " 
He could walk up to me and tell me to my face that he hates my guts and wish me dead , and I'd still love him all the same . What will it take to prove to myself that it's done . 
Andd the bad news keeps on comin . Tomorrow's a new day . Gonna work on some more school stuff then check on Ms. Patsiee . 
Black ops = the shit . I love < PROPFIRST>' house . 
I should probably start school now .... Yeahhh I'll start school . 
Haha , < PROPFEMALE > is definately a funny one . < PROPMALE > Darko and Shutter Island ? Sounds like a good night . 
? ? ? ? ? ? 
Me ? Heartless ? I can dig it . 
I feel like giving up . But that's just not an option . People say things will get better , but only time will tell . 
Time to throw a party with one person on the list . Ehh fuck it , why not . 
The day's end sucked . Time to dream . 
Almost 5 weeks leftt 
Babysitting the kidss . Poor Caitlynn fell in a puddle haha , and < PROPMALE > came to the rescue . They're so cute . 
Joee Clelland makes my heart smile . 
Wow . I have no clue how these kids got tar all over them . But I'm stuck with getting them clean . It's gonna be one hell of adventure . 
Sore as hell from work . Time for school ... woooo . 
Just cause you're breathing doesn't mean you're alive . 
And then an old firmiliar face comes along that's so pure and innocent , it makes you see the good in the world for a change . 
Fucking stupid ass bros almost run my brother off the road . If they want to drive trucks that are as big as a house they should learn how to drive first ! 
Damn junk mail !!! 
Doesn't it suck when you start singing an old song you used to sing all the time , then you're sad because there's no one to share the moment with like before ? 
Most grandmas want their grandchildren to dress classy . Not mine ! She wants me dressed like a hooker ! I'm not a piece of meat man . 
A little history , some tea and babysitting ? It's gonna be an adventure . 
Ah water in my earr ! Which to blame ; the ear or the water ? 
Holy shit . These kids are so good when it's just me , but then they can play my grandma like a fittle . They're going to be little evil genius bitches when they grow up . But it is kind of funny how they think they can out do me . Goootta love the babies .. 
Modern Warfare :) 
I want to see Thorrrr ! 
< PROPFEMALE > sick . I want to feel better already :( 
Fuck today . 
Today is going to be a good day . Joee and < PROPFEMALE > are sickkk . Poor girlies :( 
I've been bad today D: 
Wishing for something to do . 
Joee Yoee reads my mind :) 
Back to not looking forward to shit . 
Today started out pretty bad . But one phone call to my good friend in Old Non-Mexico and I'm ecstatic :D Gracias Senor Gage ! 
Wow . Attention everyone , < PROPMALE > Alt is cleaning . I repeat < PROPMALE > Alt is cleaning , this is not a drill , THIS IS NOT A DRILL ! 
\I hope always to have the courage to push on to greater failures . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > O'Neill " 
Long day , cancelled plans ... maybe I'll see if < PROPFIRST > can kick it . Or go play some video games with Chris :) 
Two days work , 13 hours on this lady's yard and she's so generous she gives me $22.00 . Fucking old people . 
Joee < PROPFIRST > Clelland makes me so happy . I'm so grateful I have her in my life . Shower time . 
Don't gain the world and lose your soul . Wisdom is better than silver or gold . 
It's amazing how I can't make myself get ready for hours , and then when Joee tells me to and I automatically start getting ready . Life's weird that way . 
The clock keeps ticking but nothings changing . 
AHHH two hours on this stupid project and it got fucking erased . I guess I can look on the bright side and make it better than the first draft . I'm just bummed I have to do all that work again . 
Finished my history project for the second time and got an A suckassss ! Time to finish up the english project and then maybe time to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone ?? 
Read the whole book and finished all the tests in one day :D . I'm proud . Gonna gooo ... start doing something exciting . 
Finished earlyy . I feel better than last night . Waiting on a call , then going adventuring to help a friend move :) 
Stomach pains are back . What the fuck is wrong with it ! 
Attention everyone : Gage is apparently special . Just throwing that out there . Time to get ready and wait for something to come my way . 
Cranberries are sorted by ripeness by bouncing them . 
Just another fucking day . 
< PROPFEMALE > ; \Yeah cause Puerto Ricans are from Portugal right ? Oh 
I'm stupid stoked to see Ms. Rodgers , Samlatte , and mama :D ! Gonna be funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It was a fun day with Ms. Rodgers at the water park . My brother just topped off the night . I hope tomorrow will be just as good . 
Kicked < PROPFEMALE>'s ass . Feelin good , chillin with < PROPFIRST > and Ashleen . 
Here we go again . 
Sex , drugs , and rock n ' roll . 
Going swimming with the miss . rodgers < PROPMALE > and jamers :) . It's a good day :) 
Tomorrow will be better :) 
Everyone's off tomorrow ... fuck . 
Tired as hell , going to my new cousins tomorrow with my Ashleeny . 
Leaving early in the morning :( 
I miss Henderson :( 
Cinnamon and sugary and softly spoken lies . \ 
You never know just how you look through other people's eyes . 
Hanging out with Lotus and two new friends . I needed a good day like this :) 
I had a really good day , it felt good to kick it with some homies . Ahh , anddd now that's over . < PROPFIRST > just pisses me off sometimes , he can be such a prick while being so nice . 
Time to take a shower , and possibly get ahold of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , then it's dream time :) 
Tonight was freakin great for the most part . watchin dispicable me ! 
Sheeeeeeesh . Good news everyone ! I'm sittin on a comfy bed :) 
\Don't let the sound of your own wheels drive you crazy . \"-- The Eagles " 
I'm such a fucking asshole sometimes . Fuck yesterday , and fuck today . 
I wish I was somewhere else . 
Lotus makes me feel special :) . And like I'm not such a freak all the time . He's a keeper . 
Whaaaaat is wrong with < PROPFEMALE > ?! Gonna go see a movie and forget about back pains :) 
Some people don't deserve the shit thrown at them . 
Lotus is so freakin sweet , I'm lucky I'm not diabetic . 
Ahhh feel sick to my stomach now , awesome . Cause it's not like I have a thousand things to do today or anything . Fuck . 
So much fun today and now I'm tired as hell . Gonna catch some z's and do the rest of my essay in the morning . 
Damnnn I hella played into some stupid ass shit . I feel kinda bad . But I'm sure I'll be straight . Said fuck it , starting to type my essay :) 
Shark Week ? GANGSTER . Enough said . 
Leaving . Going to that one place , maybe down the street or up the way . 
Some things make my stomach turn inside out . Cigarette , shower , sleep . Fuck the world today . 
Ahh so confused :/ 
Hooooooooooly shit . Fall asleep and people think you ran off to start a drug cartel in Colombia . Fuck my life . 
Waiting for 1:00 to roll around . It seems so far away . Hopefully everything works out and I can leave :) 
I love Joee . 
Man all I want to do is lay down and fuckin cry today and I don't give a fuck who knows it . 
Outta here , over there , or maybe inbetween . 
Ahhh how the hell do I burn my toes ? Mann they hurt . Gonna do some laundry then go see my sisters :) 
I miss them :/ . Gonna try to do the endless list of chores and get the fuck outta hereeee . 
< PROPFEMALE > VA BBAA AHH 
Done . Please let me sleep until like three in the afternoon . It'd be amazing . 
Friggity frack , this shit is wack . 
Empty . 
Laaaake ? :D 
Today was so much fun . It's just what I needed . Lake , then the strip , and nowww adventures else where . Thank god . 
Ahh I think I broke my toe even more trying to pop it back in place . Now it's all swollen . It's grody , you should see it :) 
Wow . Just when I thought the day couldn't get any worse . Fucking fantastic . Thanks for being so nice , you know who you are . 
Went out to the lake again and swam hella far . I had a blast ... so why do I still feel like shit ? 
The right way isn't always the easy way . But it had to be done . Right ? 
Sick as fuck , but got a lot of applications . Now to go get more and then make peanut butter balls with the sister :) 
< PROPFEMALE > garden with < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and Savannah ! :) 
Fuck it , I'm done :) 
It's awesome to feel thrown away . 
Done with school for today . Gonna clean then go to Ashleenies :) 
Sick and bored :/ 
All clean . Napping is not an option :/ can't wait for bed 
One less bitch in my life ! It feels good . Like I've been reborn . Time to find something to do . 
I wonder if I'll ever see my bracelet again . He just HAD to get locked up with it didn't he ? Dilhole . 
Gage , the < PROPFIRST > to my < PROPFEMALE > , is fucking hilarious . Bow down bitches ! 
It's so early it makes me sick . I'd hate to have to be up at this time every morning . Going back to sleep , Lake Las Vegas at 9 . Good night crackheads . 
Man ... his voice shakes my bones . Long day today . Gotta figure out what's next . 
< PROPFEMALE > is funny as hell . Had a busy day , saw a lot of people and gotta watch a movie about < PROPMALE > Bundy :) GANGSTER ! 
< PROPFIRST > Idol <3 . Enough said . 
Ohhh my god . FUCK THE WORLD TODAY . 
This is for all the strong people who have been through a lot in life and survived . I am strong because I know weakness , I am compassionate because I have experienced suffering , I am alive because I am a fighter , I am wise because I've been foolish , I can laugh because I have known sadness . I can love because I've known loss . Repost if you are a strong person who has weathered the storm but still loves to dance in the rain ! 
I want to watch The AristoCats and Duck Tales really bad ! 
Why do I miss people ? I miss the old days . :/ 
Joee texted me :D ! Guess who feels loved ? THAT'S RIGHT ! Me ! I love her . 
The true genius shudders at incompleteness - and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be . 
1 . Your best friend : Lotus Flower\ 
2 . The kid eating glue : < PROPFIRST > Hall\ 
3 . The kid who steals your crayons : < PROPFIRST > Andrew\ 
4 . The teacher's pet : < PROPFIRST > Landon\ 
5 . The kid picking their nose : Gage Lunsford\ 
6 . The bully : < PROPMALE > Costello\ 
7 . The class clown : Zach Parker\ 
8 : The nerd : < PROPMALE > Vollmer\ 
\ 
Haha , a lot of them are dead on . 
You're at a party and everyone gets arrested . Use the first 10 people on your list\ 
1 . Punched a cop : < PROPFIRST > Boyce\ 
2 . Threw up on a cop : < PROPFIRST > Landon\ 
3 . Made a run for it : Lotus Flower\ 
4 . Tried to cry their way out : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ( nottt)\ 
5 . Too drunk to comprehend : < PROPMALE > Vollmer\ 
6 . Dancing on the car : < PROPFIRST > Harper\ 
7 . In the cop car already : < PROPFEMALE > Luna\ 
8 . Sat in fetal position in fear : < PROPFEMALE > Han\ 
9 . Was spinning in circles : < PROPFEMALE > Sugden\ 
10 . Got away : Gage Lunsford 
Sometimes I just want to lose myself in everything . 
Well fuck yesterday but I'm goin down to the district to look for some jobs and then headin to see if dude will show up to fix my tattoo . Hit me up if you have my digits . 
Donate to the < PROPFEMALE > needs money asap donation . You can reach us at my cell number . 
Guess I'm breakin another one of my moral codes . But who fuckin cares . 
I think I'm just gonna sleep til tomorrow . 
Blehhhh . Just woke up . Have to shower do some work then go back to sleep . Gotta get up eaaaaaarly to head out to Flamingo for a few hours ... yaaaay . 
Finally enrolled in the school I wanted ! Today was long but it was so worth it . 
The Epic of Gilgamesh suuuuuucks . But you gotta do what you gotta do . 
< PROPFIRST > Moreland is fucking amazing ! I've missed him so much , and he just made everything seem okay . I love this kid :) 
Passd by Basic to get gas , all I want to say is thank you hot senior guys for running with no shirts on . 
Sleepy :( . But I have to do some yard work , clean up the kitchen , finish my packet and turn in my applications . Ahhh . Maybe I'll catch a nap in between finishing my packet and turning in my apps :) 
Who wants to bring me a gatorade ? :) 
So tired :/ . Went down to Eastern turned in an app , went to walmart to find out they didn't have any calendars , went to the mall ran up and down the stairs four times to find the fucking calendar place , got the calendar , picked my mom up , dropped my brother the card , picked up a bunch of prickly branches filled up four trash cans , and I have an appointment at six thirty on Flamingo . When does sleep come ? 
Goodfuckingnight . 
Ahh , slept in til 9 this morning . It felt so right . Gonna go get the car and find somethin to eat ! Hmm .. eggs ?? 
Tired as fuck . There's nothing I love more than two drunks fighting outside my window when I'm tryin to sleep . 
YOU ARE IN A HORROR MOVIE that takes place at your house . \ 
The 1st to die : Catelyn Blumenthal\ 
The person who runs upstairs instead of out the door : < PROPFEMALE > Shaw\ 
The killer : < PROPFEMALE > Lanning\ 
Hides in the closet : < PROPFEMALE > Raechel Woodruff\ 
Saves the day : < PROPFIRST > Moreland\ 
The cop : < PROPMALE > Costello\ 
The smart one that survives : < PROPMALE > Alt\ 
The hostage : < PROPFIRST > Hall(I'm sure they'll kill him off ) 
I'm pretty sure I still don't want to be up for a few more hours . But I'm not sure . So I'll just sit in my room until I decide , cause once someone knows I'm awake , I'm fucked for the rest of the day ! 
Oooooh shit , SVU is gettin inteeeeense :D 
People who've been to my house always ask me why I have VHS tapes . I kept all my original disney movies in case I have kids in the future so they can see what real cartoons are . I'm sure in 10-20 years people will ask why I still have DVDs too . 
http://data.whicdn.com/images/12226371/tumblr_loczelGKGG1qftjf4o1_500_thumb.jpg hahah 
There's been days where I want nothing more than to hit him square in the face . But today I really miss him . 
Gonna write the rest of my story then go take a test and head out to Sweet Tomato to talk to the manager ! I need more energy . Who wants to spare some for me ? 
Yummm I forgot how delicious throwing up was . I'm soooo glad I woke up today :/ 
... great end to a great day I guess . 
Ooo I'm done with this shit now . I could've spent my morning doing so many other things . Talk about being disrespectful . F that . 
When you have an idea and someone says sleep on it , you probably should , but probably won't . 
I have about 100 and something pages to read in a few hours . Is it possible ?... I think so ! 
To my real home . Up up and away ! 
Making it , and making it my way :) . 
Pokemon <3 
Sleep deprived , watch out world don't mess with me today . 
I hope I find out what happens soon , I'm all topsy turvey feeling . 
I used to love the smell of roses . Now they make my stomach turn . Funny how that works . I didn't even know until I smelt one the other day and took me back . 
My stomachs in knots . Pretty tired , I think I'm gonna catch some sleep and calm down a little . Maybe fall asleep to a kick ass movie like Natural Born Killers ? I think so . 
Forgetting is hard to do . Oh well . Gotta do some more cleaning , and thennnn .... go wherever the wind blows me :) 
Went to the car show up on Water street and now I'm drained . Gotta wake myself up so I can go to < PROPFIRST>'s party later ( < PROPFIRST > you're lucky I love you or I'd say fuck that ) . I feel a nap coming on . 
On my way to < PROPFIRST>'s . So tired , but excited for tomorrow if I can kick it with an old friend :) 
Ahhh , I hope 2:00 never gets here . 
Ahh fuck it . I'm turning the day around to make her happy , I just have to find the motivation to get ready . 
FACEBOOK JUST RELEASED THEIR PRICE GRID FOR MEMBERSHIP . $9.99 PER MONTH FOR GOLD MEMBER SERVICE , $6.99 PER MONTH FOR SILVER MEMBER SERVICE , $3.99 PER MONTH FOR BRONZE MEMBER SERVICE , FREE IF YOU COPY AND PASTE THIS MESSAGE BEFORE MIDNIGHT TONIGHT . WHEN YOU SIGN ON TOMORROW MORNING YOU WILL PROMPTED FOR PAYMENT INFO ... IT IS OFFICIAL . IT WAS EVEN ON THE NEWS . FACEBOOK WILL START CHARING DUE TO NEW PROFILE CHANGES . IF YOU COPY THIS ON YOUR WALL YOUR ICON WILL TURN BLUE AND FACEBOOK WILL BE FREE FOR YOU . PLEASE PASS THIS MESSAGE ON , IF NOT YOUR ACCOUNT WILL BE DELETED OF YOU DO NOT PAY 
I guess my plans are out the window . Not looking forward to sitting here til I fall asleep :/ 
It may not have been for very long , but I'm really happy I got to go out and < PROPFEMALE > out . That made my day :) 
I should've just slept all day today . 
Fuck it , I need a new game plan . Fuck feelings ! :) 
Woooo , cannot wait for someone to knock their lights out ! I know it might be harsh , but it's only harsh if they don't deserve it . Gonna dance around to music and finish my packet before douchebag gets home . 
How is it possible to be THAT drunk when you just got off a fucking plane ? He never seizes to amaze me . I wonder if this is a good enough excuse to sleep at Ashleens :) 
Wack dreams all night . Way too tired to do this , but I have to . Gonna get ready and do my thing . 
Oh mann . Not going again today . People need to stop slackin ! Gonna shower and get ready for the day . Doctors appointments start at 3 , who wants to kick it ? 
DUDE ! What the fuck . These slackers are pissin me off . This will be the third application I've done for them . It's like talking to cops , \No ma'am even though you've told all the other 20 officers individually you're gonna need to tell me personally because I can't just walk over there and talk to them . \ " WHAT THE FUCK ! " 
Diggin myself deeper and deeper in this hole . 
Ohhh shit . Completely in that hole now . 
Well that's ONE way to wake up . Maybe it's an omen .... who knows . Gonna do a shit ton of work today . Hope it's a good day , and pray it ends better than it did yesterday . 
Maybe if you pretend long enough it'll seem real . Fingers crossed ! 
Man oh man .. awesome . Trying not to sweat this stuff isn't working out so well . Maybe I'll just stay in this weekend and say fuck plans . 
Really ? Officially disgusted . Fuck the world . 
Finally done with my packet ! Time to shower ! Then an over the phone follow up interview and eleven . Wish me luck ! 
I don't want to go back to the doctor:'( 
