Ya know , ppl think holidays are so special , because they only come once a year . Truth is , so does EVERY other day of the year ! So be happy that your still breat 

ah SHIT !!! 
It's always darkest before the < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Got a yamaha 4oowt power mixer for sale . Need money to pay off license . $2oo 
cd release show coming up . may 28th . sweet bands , gonna be awesome ! only $5 , papa < PROPMALE>'s in kzoo , be there mo-fo's!!!! 
cd's and carnival of chaos , with mushroomhead , mastadon tickets for sale 
Get your harvest of souls tickets motha fuckas ! $12 hit me up ! 
I get it . You've caught the scent of a lesser stag in your nostrils ... Pity . 
Soooo siiiiick !!! fuuuuck . 
Oh music , if you had a vagina , I'd fuck the shit outta ya ! 
Looks like good day for swimming . whos down ? 
2 weeks till Whitechapel , Impending Doom !!! 
Eatin reese puffs ! Yeah ! 
Got tickets for orbit room nov . 6 $12 gonna be a brutal show . U dont wanna miss it ! 
Ready to go home and smoke that mean green nukka ! 
Good morning world :) 
Got my ticket for Whitechapel , Impending Doom , Oceano , I Declare War . Fuck YES ! 
Does getting drunk by yourself make you an alcoholic ? I think not ! 
What did a boob ever do wrong to deserve cancer ? i love tits ! why does this happen ? wtf ? 
Goin to the show today ! YEAH ! 
Best concert ive been to in a long ass time ! Fuckin impending dooooooooooom ! 
Good weekend , tons of fun ! thinkin bout discin to cap it all off . 
Gotta stop drinkin , before you can get a hangover . 
I heard there's blue grass in kentucky ! We shoud check that shit out ! 
One door closes , another door closes , and now you're boxed in . END OF THE LINE ! 
Dont take me with you , cuz i'll get the pussy ! Haha 
Home sweet home , where i sleep alone . Zzzzzzzzzzzz ... 
Another day , another concert . YEAH ! 
Got an extra ticket to the faceless , whos goin ? 
Playin at the corner bar tonight in kzoo ! Woo-hoo ! Whos goin ? 
Planet rock at 4 . $5 tix . Hit me up ! 
Anyone wanna buy a washer/dryer , or an ibanez rg . i need money for a car ! 
planet rock this friday with national act destrophy . $8 
Sirens are goin off , theres a river in my front yard . wish a tornado would wipe out most of this shit town already ! 
Anyone know a band that wants to play on devils night ? Need to know asap ! 
Holy piss ! Ton of shows coming up soon ! Got tix for harvest of souls still . nov . 6th ! $12 hit me up soon !!! 
Burnt hot dogs , homemade cookies , and beer ! Lmao 
orbit room in g.r. this sat . only a couple tix left ! get one today fucker ! 
Its still halloween in grand rapids ! Harvest of souls at the orbit room tonight ! 
Fn nice day isn't it !? 
Wanna go disc golfin ? 
Random thought ... If u rape a prostitute , is it really rape , or just shoplifting ? 
I got the munchies rreeeal real bad 
Regurgitated rubber goldfish . 
360 triple fakey faceplant stairmaster . i luv ya < PROPFIRST > ! never a dull moment ! hahaha 
Interview for target d.c. on mon . This'll be like the 3rd time , hopfully these fuckers hire me finally ! 
gonna do the damn thing 
god damn , gotta love friday nights ! 
interview at 9 am tommorrow . WOOOOO HOOOOOO !! 
1st interview went good , gotta do another soon , then hopefully start workin niggaaaaa . 
hell yea , chicken enchiladas ! 
just dropped me a brick . oh yeahhhhhh 
buuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
Happy turkey day to all ! Go lions ! 
Higher than giraffe pussy ! lmao 
Holy shiiiiiiit !!!!! Gots my job back at tennecco !!! Hell yeah !! 1st shift too . Start monday . 
BEER , HOTS , AVENGER CLUB HOUSE .... GOOD NIGHT ! 
Butterfly , where are you ??? 
You can call me Dr. Unk ... get it ? 
start work again tomorrow , kinda crappy its on my bday , but glad to be going back !!! 
good day good day 
HAHAHA THAT EVENT INVITE THAT WAS SENT TO EVERY FUCKING PERSON IN MY FRIENDS LIST IS BULLSHIT ! NOT TRUE . GOOD PRANK THOUGH GUYS ! ID EXPECT IT FROM YOUS . ILL GET YA BACK FUCKERS ! 
show tonight , work tomorrow , then get drunk ! 
woooooo weeeeeeee , shouldnt have wrestled that bear lastnight . 
ready for practice tonight , finish the week of work , then 10 mu fuckin days off ! yea ! 
11 days off starting ... NOW ! 
I wish my lawn was emo , so it would cut itself ... 
gettin some ink sunday !!! hells yea ! 
twas the night before xmas , and all through the house , every creature was drinking , and < PROPFIRST > fucked a mouse ... nuff said . hahaha < PROPFEMALE > easter everybody ! 
Happy bday Jesus . < PROPFEMALE > axe-mas to my fellow shred heads ! 
Ooh it feels so good ! Gettin ink'd! 
Hit me if u have my # ppl . All my contacts were erased . Need em back ! 
Iiiiiit's wednesday !.. 
So I had this dream a couple nights ago . Their were cows floating through the air , doing frontflips . Mooooooo , moooooooo ... And then I woke up laughing . F * weird ... 
So happy 2010 is over after 2day ! What a year of b.s. !!! Starting fresh this year in a few different aspects ... Lots to look forward to . 
Wish you were here ... 
Gonna start a pedal moped gang , and our hand sign will be the dbl shocker ! Who wants in ? Hahahaaa 
Music is my wife ! 
Anybody wanna buy my food stamps ? Dont need em . 2 for 1 . 
Whats goin on tonight ppl ? 
< PROPFEMALE > make a da world go round ... hahahahaa 
Ugh ... 
Its not chicks with dicks , its dudes with tits ! 
DAMNIT !!! 
Anybody wanna buy an Ibanez rg ? Good gtr !, but I play 7string now so I dont really play it anymore . 
O hells yea ! Steelers won , Bears won . Now patriots gotta lose hahaaa . Go Jets ! 
Feeling strong in the pimp hand , bout to slap the shit out of someone !!! 
I hate training idiots how to work ! 
You want sympathy ? Look in the dictionary between shit and syphillis . LMFAO ! < PROPMALE > Payne rules ! 
Brutal strudel . Breakfast for metal heads . 
If we dont battle to the death , theyyy will kill us both . CABLE GUY ! 
I'll tell you who took them lunches , that DAMN sasquatch ! 
Drunk happens ... 
Hitts'burgh Steelers biotch ! 
You know six was scared of seven because it eight nine ? 
IHC with All Shall Perish this sat . At harpos 15$ get at me for tix !!! 
IHC with All Shall Perish this sat . 26th at harpos ! 15$ hit me up for tix muh fuckaaaaaas 
All shall perish , kataklysm , IHC and more at harpos sat . The 26th . 15$ hit us up for tix !! 
Two B's and a D makes a CJ 
Fuuuuuuuuuuuck ! 
Ready for spring . 
Headed to detroit to play a show mu fuckaaaaaaas ! 
Go to Ill Hollow Chamber < PROPFEMALE > and vote for us to be on warped tour this year ! Go , now , do it do it ! 
Maaan FUCK ! This state ! Cocksucking asswholes , i do NOT owe u a responsibility fee ! Bastards .. 
Life sucks , throw a disc ! ;) 
Got a new lil toy that i cant stop fingering , and she's a hellraiser ! 
You know in some cultures they only eat vomit . I've never been there , but I read about it ... in a book . 
I'm on my way down now , I wanna take you with me ... 
Practice tonight and a show papa petes in kzoo tomorrow ! o yea ! 
Butter Knife Fight 
