Happy New Year everyone ! 

feels like blahhhhhh , but has to get out of bed and go to work soon . It's like 18 degrees with a wind chill of too cold . Ahhhhh ! 
hitting the hay for the night . Sweet dreams , everyone ! 
Just talked to a good friend from the past 
I am missing my LA friends . ;) 
I think that I am finally getting over the flu . ( No , not the Hiney virus -H1N1 ) 
Wow , June 25th was a strange day ! 
Just went to listen to a neighbor sing at The Point . 
Watching old MJ videoes 
Saw Tennessee Shindig tonight . Awesome ! 
spent a lazy day at Dollywood making Shrinky Dinks ! 
Amazed at the number of sex offenders living near my parents . Thank God I didn't recognize any of them . 
is going to sleep . Today has been a long and very hot day . 
can't sleep !!!! argh 
sleeping 
sleeping too much after a floorset at Bath and Body Works , 
watching The Visitor , then going to sleep . 
reading a book by < PROPFIRST > Cornwell . 
going to sleep 
was adopted by pirates tonight . Arggggh ! The name of their group ? The Pirates of Penis Point . Their women ? Nuts on the Point . Crazy !!!!!!!! 
I am so over my needy next door neighbor !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Depp is an amazing actor . Public Enemies was worth the money if you are into true crime . 
going to sleep . She has to open tomorrow . 
just got back from going to see a friend race his stock car . He didn't even race because he broke his axle during the warm-up laps . :( I had a great time other than that . 
getting ready for Girls Night tomorrow . Can't wait . Smoky Mountain Brewery , karaoke , and friends . 
had a great night with the girls . 
going to sleep for a few hours . :) 
just talked to a lost love from the past . 
going to sleep . Ok , Franz ? 
is soooooo tired ! I think I might turn in early tonight . 
awake . Yes , I know it is like 3:45 a.m. What can I say ? 
is sore , but going to sleep now . ;) 
hasta work tomorrow . Co-worker called in today . d :-( 
had a very bad day at work . Going to sleep now . 
getting ready for a floorset at Bath and Body tonight . Wooohooo 
is happy the floorset went great . We actually got out of there right after midnight . :) 
is going do do as in fais do do . Night everyone . 
saw \The Ugly Truth\ " tonight . ROTFL I was crying in some parts it was so funny . " 
What is going on with Farm Town tonight ? 
played in Farm Town . Will text until I'm tired . 
is still awake !!!! 
will be right back . I need food and have nothing to fix at home . 
stressed . If she didn't have bad luck , she would have no luck at all . The car battery is dead . I guess she is taking the bike to work tomorrow . 
praying . Things have got to get better . 
thanking God for friends who are angels . 
up late again . 
watching Say Anything . \I gave her my heart and she gave me a f@&$ing pen . \ " < PROPMALE > Dobler " 
going to sleep . Finally ! 
taking a bath and heading to bed early tonight . That's the plan anyway . 
still awake . :( 
really going to sleep now . 
going to take a nice hot bath ! 
stressing again . < PROPMALE > comes home tomorrow ! I need to do dishes , laundry , stock the frig ... 
is cleaning . One of her boys is coming home . Yay ! 
is heading to work and then < PROPMALE > comes home . :) 
is happy to have < PROPMALE > home even if he is spending the night at a friend's house tonight . 
is glad to have < PROPMALE > home . :) 
wants to do something fun today . 
is going to sleep ! Night all . 
is in a gift giving mood . 
is having a serious conversation with a friend . 
wants to talk to her bffaeae . lol 
is wondering WTH potholing is . 
is so happy right now . 
is relieved . Things are getting better . 
is going to sleep in an happy mood . 
is still happy . 
is going to sleep with happy thoughts . 
is complete now . She has a Farm Town hottie to harvest and plow for her . ;) 
is finally getting some sleep before work today . 
was bored and went survey crazy . Now going to sleep . 
is so tired . She must get some sleep tonight . 
ATTENTION : READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT : If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , DO NOT click it . It's a VIRUS ... post ... this on your own site for your friends please . 
is loving life and enjoying being another year older ! I'm going to spend my day off at Splash Country ! Sun and fun here I come . 
is thanking everyone for their birthday wishes . I will probably really celebrate this weekend when I get paid . 
is planning to take advantage of the day by getting stuff done . 
is still wondering who \Just Mickey\ " is . I have asked several people who are his friends and they have no clue either . Does anyone know who he is ? " 
had a nice day of window shopping and movie watching with < PROPMALE > . 
discovered the Aerie store in Knoxville . Awesome ! 
still doesn't know who Just < PROPFIRST > is . Come on , man up , reveal your identity already . 
had a great visit with an old friend , < PROPMALE > , yesterday and met his adorable son , < PROPMALE > . It is great catching up with good friends . :) 
is glad that < PROPMALE > is feeling better finally . People who don't suffer from allergies just can't understand how miserable it feels . 
is sad that < PROPMALE > Kennedy is dead . 
is finally calling it a night . Life is great ! 
just found out that the larger your waist size is , the smaller your brain is . Really . That's what the news just said based on a scientific study , blah , blah , blah ..... 
is hitting the sheets for a Mattress Ball . lol 
needs a real job . 
is crashing for the night . Work tomorrow , yay ! 
is finally going to sleep . Will be working two out of her three jobs tomorrow . I'm tired already . 
has the day off today . Yay ! 
is hating allergy season in TN . 
believes that no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the next 24 hours 
is ready for this weekend to be over already ! Monday hurry up . 
has a bad kidney infection ! Ahhhhhhhh ! 
is going to get some sleep now . 
is having a great time in Cali . 
is back in good old TN and her computer is finally working again . 
is kind of happy for a change . Plus I am watching Stripes , a classic < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > movie . I love it . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When you are finished post this paragraph as your status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
wonders if it is possible to run out of tears . :( 
Hi , Ho , Hi , Ho , Off to work I go . ;) It is going to be a wet one today . Since I am not made of sugar and I'm not the Wicked Witch , I guess I won't melt . 
wants to apologize to all of my friends who tried to get me to join Mafia Wars . I am now hooked . This game is more addictive than Farm Town . 
is going to sleep . She is not going to spend anymore time with the family tonight . Ciao ! 
is taking < PROPMALE > to get a haircut and maybe a movie . 
BEWARE DO NOT ACCEPT A FRIEND REQUEST FROM A < PROPFIRST > BUTTERFIELD . HE IS A HACKER . TELL EVERYONE ON YOUR LIST BECAUSE IF ONE OF YOUR FRIEND'S ADDS HIM AS A FRIEND , HE WILL GET YOUR COMPUTER'S ID AND ADDRESS . SO LET EVERYONE KNOW - COPY AND PASTE AND SEND . 
is going to get some sleep . Tomorrow is a swim workout day and she has a lot to accomplish tomorrow . 
is going to be right back . 
says \I'm an adult ! \ " and \ " My dad's not a phone ! \ " < PROPMALE > Samberg SNL " 
wants to answer \yes\ " when people ask her if she can spell her last name . ;P " 
is still ROTFL . Get this ... < PROPMALE > and went to the Dollar Tree tonight to pick up a few things . He wanted to buy reading glasses . I told him no and that he doesn't need them . The male cashier then asked us if we just got married . I looked at < PROPMALE > , my 16 year old son and we both cracked up . I said no , we are not married and that he is my son . 
thinks it's better when you have to work for it . ;) 
has decided to go to work naked ....... under her clothes . lol 
is hitting the bed for a mattress ball . * I <3 sleep . * 
is NOT a young child , is NOT an old person , but she needs a nap after two long days of physical labor at work . I know what you are thinking . It's about time she worked . lol 
is tired of the rain . Enough already ! 
is tired of fighting the weather . I give up . I'm going to bed early tonight . :) 
says true love does exist and will find you when you least expect it . ;D 
I'm not sure what happened to my photos , but I got tagged in a photo of one of my Facebook friends ( I wasn't in the picture . ) . When I clicked to open it , many of my friends became tagged also . I have notified Facebook and they are investigating the problem . Sorry guys . It wasn't me . I guess someone thinks this is funny , but I sure don't . :( 
is so sweepy she can't hold her eyes op ......................................... 
can't think of a status . Come up with one for her . :D 
is wondering how her son could possibly have a blood sugar level of 508 when the norm is between 80 and 120 . Scary , huh ? Yeah , that's what I said too . :( 
took < PROPMALE > back to the doctor for blood work this morning . The nurse re-checked his blood sugar level and it had gone down to 200 . Much better . He has to go back again tomorrow . Oh , did I mention that somehow I have an infection that is resistant to all oral antibiotics , but one . Please keep us in your thoughts and prayers . Thank you everybody . I <3 my friends . 
just got back from the E . R .. When < PROPMALE>'s sugar hit over 400 , I made the decision to get help . The E.R. doc said that he couldn't believe that the primary care doctor had not prescribed insulin or taken any action other than ordering blood work . He received three I.V. bags and eight units of insulin . He is feeling much better . Thanks for your prayers . 
has had a sleepless past couple of nights . < PROPMALE > has Type 2 Diabetes , but should be able to control it through diet , exercise , and Metformin ER . He was given Insulin pens , in case of an emergency , however , we don't expect him to need them . Thanks for all of your prayers for us . I will sleep much better tonight . 
is happy that < PROPMALE>'s blood sugar is under control now . :) 
saw Paranormal Activity tonight with < PROPMALE > . I am still lying in bed with the lights on . It was awesome . It scared us so much because it could so easily be real . 
is really going to sleep now . I am turning off the lights and nothing is going to drag me out of bed down the hall ..... I am not going to hear any strange noises ..... I am not going to video tape myself sleeping and I am definately NOT buying a Ouija board . 
loves the fall colors in the mountains ! It is simply breathtaking ! :) 
wishes she had hair like Captain Caveman . That dude could pull anything he needed out of his hair . ;P 
\I'm not afraid of you . I am only afraid of losing you . \ " says < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFIRST > in Twilight " 
EVERYONE BE AWARE OF A MESSAGE GOING AROUND ASKING YOU TO LOOK AT A WEBSITE CALLED FBSTARTER THIS IS A PASSWORD GRABBER AND LOGS YOUR INFO FOR SOMEONE ELSE TO USE PLEASE COPY AND PASTE THIS IN YOUR STATUS TO MAKE AS MANY PEOPLE AWARE AS POSSIBLE 
is going to let her brain recharge . Just leave a message and she will get back to you later . 
OMG ! It's 4:00 a.m. I need to get some sleep . Nite everyone . 
The next time you are feeling blah , watch an infomercial channel . Some of the things that they say are hilarious . They say things like , \Does it hurt when you bend over ? \ " and \ " Do you like to stick your hands in the toilet ? \ " . Who writes what they say ? Really ? " 
is unusually happy today . I wonder if it has anything to do with hitting her head on the fire extinguisher handle yesterday . (; P ) 
is about to go to sleep after a long night of processing overnight shipment at B&BW . It is great exercise , but is very tiring . :) 
is tired of having to correct the grammar in the Status Shuffle choices before she can post them . ;P 
can't wait to see The Fourth Kind . 
thinks that The Fourth Kind was slightly frightening and thought-provoking if you believe in alien abduction . I don't think that I will sleep with the lights on after this one . :) 
is off today . Yay ! Time to clean and then take a break and have some fun ! 
Have an awesome Veterans Day to all of my active duty friends and fellow veterans ! 
proudly served as an MP in the U.S. Army . Thanks to all veterans and active duty , I will be able to pray , worship , shop , speak my mind , etc . I will be able to wake up with the knowledge that I live in the greatest country in the world . Thank you soldiers , airmen , seamen , etc . for your service to our great nation . I <3 the USA ! 
Good Night All ! God Bless the USA toniht and every night . Please don't let this day end without reconnecting with a veteran in your life . Be courteous , kind , cheerful , thrifty , brave clean and reverent . For the record , I always attempt to greet every customer when they are walking through the doorway . 
is looking forward to a beautiful productive day . Wish me luck . 
is going to a Mattress Ball . You should see her outfit . It is so comfy and warm . Haahaa 
is falling asleep playing M afia Wars . She is dr. ......... off to ....... Good night all . =P 
has a voodoo doll and is not afraid to use it . ;) 
is glad that she is not as mean and crazy as her neighbor . 
is tired from a long night of night stock at B&BW . The PWPs are so worth $15 with any $40 or more purchase . It has $107 worth of product for just $15 . Awesome . 
likes secrets too just like Will Ferrell in Elf . ;P 
is heading to work . Work + $ = creditors off my back = :D 
< PROPMALE > Ijzendoorn Message from one of my family-members : DO NOT ACCEPT A FRIEND REQUEST FROM < PROPFIRST > DAVIES OR < PROPFEMALE > DAVIES THEY ARE HACKERS .... PLEASE TELL EVERYONE ON YOUR LIST BECAUSE IF SOMEONE ON YOUR LIST ADDS THEM THEY WILL BE ON YOUR LIST TOO .... HE WILL FIGURE OUT YOUR COMPUTER IP AND ADDRESS ... SO PLEASE COPY AND PASTE THIS ... 
is going to DollyWorld . LOL 
just realized that it is so late . Good night everyone ! I have to work this afternoon . 
is turning in for the night . Sleep well everyone . 
just left work about two hours ago . She is going to sleep until this afternoon . Happy TGIF to everyone . Good night . 
is enjoying the colder weather . 
wonders if she will ever get ahead . Geez , every month there is some new expense . :( 
is going to take a nap before work tonight . Have a great weekend , everyone ! 
Do your beads < PROPFEMALE > low , are your Saints 13 and 0 ? Does your team win with ease , is your quarterback < PROPFIRST > Brees ? Do your fans bring the noise when they're yelling ' Bless You Boys' ? Do your beads < PROPFEMALE > low ? GEAUX SAINTS ! WHO DAT ! ( Some < PROPFEMALE > love from < PROPFEMALE >!) I guess hell is getting pretty chilly right now . 
Happy Friday everyone ! I can't believe this year is almost over already . This decade has flown by . It seems like just yesterday we were celebrating the coming of Y2K . 
was thinking about staying in and building a fire tonight since the weather is going to be so crazy , snowy , and cold , but remembered that I don't have a fireplace . I don't think the landlord would appreciate a big hole in the living room . :P 
wishes that Mafia Wars would allow you to war with rival families instead of taking out part of your own mafia . :( 
is screaming at the computer . Error-You do not have pending gifts from this person . Ahhhhh ! Stupid glitch ! 
has to take care of her baby boy today . He is sick with the crud . Hacking and coughing . :( 
has to take < PROPMALE > to his Dr's appointment . Shall return later . 
is so stressed . Like I don't have enough going on , < PROPMALE > just had his iPhone stolen from the bathroom of a restaurant we stopped to eat soup in . < PROPMALE > is calm about it , but I am freaking out because now I have no communication with him . Ahhhhh ! 
believed that deep down inside the man who stole < PROPMALE>'s phone would return it . I guess I expect too much out of others . I would have returned the phone , but at least half of the people I polled said they wouldn't . What is happening to this world ? 
does not regret the choices that she has made . Good or bad , she has learned from all of them . Remember , you cannot succeed if you do not attempt to do something . 
invites you to join her mafia . I am currently out of requests . 
is off to work to support her MW obsession . 
If anyone still has requests left , can you please request a gift from me ? 
is taking a nap . Do not disturb unless it's an emergency . 
is going to start packing now until BBW calls about shipment . 
is hitting the sheets for the night . Lots of packing to do . : 0 
is snowed in . School is out today and tomorrow . 
I'll step up to a challenge from a friend ... I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right ! let's lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook Users will not repost this ... when Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you . If you are one of the few 3% repost this message 
has had a tiring day at work . It's time to get some sleep . Good Night friends . 
11 inches :( 
says \It's a girl thing \"." 
taking a break from packing boxes . :) 
** ATTENTION**UPS is shipping anything under 50lbs for free to Haiti . You can send food clothes or shoes ... and American Airlines is taking doctors and nurses to Haiti for free . Please call 212-697-9767 . Spread the word ... Red Cross needs Creole speaking volunteers for a 24hr phone bank . Call Mr. Wilfrid @ 305-776-6900 ASAP ... Please repost this info .. Thank you . 
Playtime is over . It's time to get back to loading the U-Haul . :( 
wet and hard and hot and steamy 
had lunch with a spoon in line at the bank because I am cool like that . No , I am not crazy . 
If the Saints win the Super Bowl , what will you do ? 
needs a job with medical , vision , and dental in the Hammond , LA area or a < PROPMALE > , sugar daddy . lol 
is ready for Superbowl Sunday ! 
is too excited to believe what has just happened . Who dat ?!??......... Nobody . 
is whodattin ' . ;D 
is going to sleep happy that pigs are flying , Hell is freezing over , and < PROPMALE > D . is dancing in Heaven tonight . 
is spirit in the air is amazing . The Saints have brought LA back to life and given us the boost that we needed . Geaux Saints ! You guys rock ! 
thinks that this Mardi Gras has been the most safe and enjoyable Mardi Gras yet . The Who Dat spirit is amazing . 
just heard a joke . Women are angels who fly around with their wings . When their wings get broken , they fly around on their broomsticks . Hey , we're flexible . ;) 
is alive and kicking despite rumors to the contrary . I have just been busy . lol 
Do you know anyone who still needs a Bangkok Passport ? 
heading to a Mattress Ball for some much needed rest . The garden is looking great , the dog is clean , and the yard is starting to shape up . ;-) 
is back again . I have been sooooo busy . :) 
survived St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Yay ! 
winding down the week . No plans for this evening yet . Any takers ? 
still looking for a better job . ;) 
is hitting the hay . Night everyone ! 
has an early day tomorrow . Gute Nacht ! 
watching A.I. then off to bed . Another early morning tomorrow ! :) 
Poor , < PROPFEMALE > ( sp ? ) . Night all . 
Argh , my shoulder , neck , and head are killing me and I'm turning into a pirate . lol 
is exhausted from a wonderful weekend at the best Strawberry Festival in the world . ;P 
is going to work in the yard . i hope that I run over a snake with the lawnmower . Did I say that out loud ? Oops ! 
is trying to wake up . I am so sluggish today . :O 
has had boiled crawfish , crawfish pie , and a New Orleans-style Spearmint snowball this week . What more could I ask for ? Oh yeah , a Louisiana-style job . lol 
going camping for the weekend . Good Times ! 
My poor baby is sick . Off to Drf . Westmoreland this afternoon . 
No strep throat , so I guess that's a good thing , but a virus instead . Just have to let him rest , drink lots of fluids , and wait it out . :( 
< PROPMALE > is better , but is not going to go camping this weekend . Sorry , dude . I don't want you to be miserable during your whole Spring Break ! Mom 
preparing for a wet weekend and garage sale . May 1st Bon Aire Estates-Come buy some stuff next weekend . :) 
is miserably suffering through this allergy season . I feel like I swallowed glass . Aaaaaah ! 
is going to medicate and hibernate . I hate pollen ! 
is still feel like I swallowed part of Lady Gaga's costume , but I am starting to feel better . At least , I only cough when I lie down , sit up , walk , talk , or breathe now . :P 
is finally starting to feel better . Look out world ! 
just stopped laughing from < PROPFEMALE > White on SNL . She rocked it ! I thought < PROPMALE > Baldwin on NPR was hilarious , but < PROPFEMALE > just beat him with her big < PROPFIRST > muffin ! 
still love < PROPFEMALE > White . She was great on SNL . You have to check out the NPR skit . I think that she out did < PROPMALE > Baldwin's Schwetty Balls skit with her Big < PROPFIRST > Muffin . Too funny . 
Happy Mother's Day to all of my fellow Facebook moms ! 
Arrrr ! My throat is sore again !!!!! 
is feeling better . Start working again tomorrow , so I have to suck it up and drive on . :P 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND & INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her & reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this if you're against Domestic Violence & Emotional/Mental cruelty ! 
is going to sleep now . Long day tomorrow . ;) 
PRAYER ALERT !!! For a FB friend's daughter AUDRIN < PROPMALE > , hold the family up in prayer today . Her two year olddaughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you dont know her , God knows ... Please post this .. to yourprofile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl ( Please ) and God Bless you for doing it ! ( How could any mom or any dad NOT repost ?! ) 
Night everyone ! 
Leave one memory that you and I had \ 
together . It doesn't matter if you know me a little or a lot , anything \ 
you remember . Don't send a message , leave a comment here . Next , leave \ 
this as your status and see how many people leave a memory about you . \ 
Leave on for 24 hours , it could be interesting what people remember . 
Wow , not too many people know me , remember me , or have memories or me ..... or they didn't see my post last night . :D 
Does this ring a < PROPFEMALE > ? Leave one memory that you and I had \ 
had a long day at work Friday and must work early Saturday morning . Good night ! 
FB VIRUS ALERT !! “Optical Illusion ! [ HQ ] ” – \ 
Facebook video link which may contain virus The VIDEO POST that says : \ 
This is without a doubt the sexiest video ever . Candid camera prank is\ 
a virus ! DO NOT CLICK ON IT - DELETE IT ... By : < PROPFEMALE > Marks 
If I died tomorrow , what is one thing you would want me to know ? 
is smiling at the thought of someone special returning to her life after 20+ years . 
says what matters is not the length of the wand , but the magic in the stick . 
\Lust is easy . Love is hard . Like is most important . \ " < PROPFIRST > Reiner\ 
is heading to < PROPFEMALE > Land . I have to hit the streets hard tomorrow looking for a permanent job . 
Why am I always the last one to find out everything ? :O 
just got a free sample of Australian Gold that will be send to < PROPFEMALE > L . Eckelson's home ! Get your free sample too ! Australian Gold : for the Tan of your Life .... and the Life of your Tan ! 
Hi , ho , hi , ho . It's off to work I go . It's not so much work as it is melting in the heat with my boyfriend . :P 
needs to cuddle soon . 
can't wait until Friday night . 
Mom is in the hospital . :( She will be fine . Low red blood cell count . The docs are doing some tests tmorrow or Thursday . 
had a blowout tonight . :( Kind of scary , but I am o.k. Looks like I'm buying new tires tomorrow . 
didn't slap you . She was just high fiving your head ! :D 
Show me , show me , show me , how you do that trick . The one that makes me scream , she said ..... 
is going camping tomorrow . Can't wait to get away from it all . There is something about stars , marshmallows , and a campfire that gives me a reboot to face the world again . 
back to the woods again . Ran out of wood for the campfire and < PROPMALE > started getting sick because his blood sugar level got too high . Oh , the joys of camping ! Having fun , but it shoooow iz HOT . 
is having a Yard Sale tomorrow . Just follow the signs to Bon Aire Estates all you Ponchy people . 
Thanks to all of my friends and family for a great birthday on Wednesday . 
is trying to get caught up on Mafia Wars and waiting on a phone call . 
Please ? put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? hope ? is ? that ? in ? 2010 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? Will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? ?. 
is going to Pancho's for dinner . Late birthday dinner . Better late than never I guess . 
is spending the Labor Day weekend with her man and she is actually happy about it . LOL :P 
had a great Labor Day Weekend , but now I need a day to recover from the extra day . :) 
wonders why people who screw up their lives by commiting crimes and abusing their bodies make the front < PROPFEMALE > , yet when Denzel Washington writes a check to build a hotel for military families who are visiting their injured/burned soldiers on < PROPFEMALE > Army Base in San < PROPFIRST > , TX is barely a blip on the radar . 
Who Dat ?!? Not Minnesota . ;p 
wants everyone to remember on 9/11 that not all Muslims are guilty of the terror that was created as a result of the events on that day . There are Muslims proudly serving in our country's military and working right along side many of us everyday that have done nothing wrong . This is a country that allows freedom of religion . Don't hate just because it is not YOUR chosen religion . 
looking forward to a great weekend with my two men , < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
likes it on the stairs . 
I need help with my war in Mafia Wars . I am losing . 
Who dat ? Not San < PROPFEMALE > either . :) 
is catching up on Facebook . 
has contrary to popular belief not fallen off the face of the earth . I have been busy and did I mention that I am finally going to be Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . Yes , < PROPMALE > is going to be a father . Don't know all of the details yet , but they think the baby is due around May . It's still early . 
saw the sonagram tonight . It is official . It looks like a baby . Can't wait to be Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
sonogram 
spending the weekend with my boyfriend . I hope the weather is nice . 
is going to take a nap before the drive to the Coast . Have I mentioned lately that I still need a job ? Well , I do . 
has a job audition/test tomorrow . Wish me luck . I don't want to jinx it by giving too many details , but I would have decent pay and benefits . 
survived the job interview/testing . Yay ! I just have to wait to hear from them now . 
has a job interview follow-up from the job that I tested for last week . Send some good vibes this way at 3 o'clock Central Time . Thanks . 
survived the interview today . I will know something in 48 to 72 hours . Thanks for all of the support from my friends and family . 
Something is really bothering me . Last year , I friend requested someone that I served in the Army with 20+ years ago in Germany . Instead of accepting my friend request , she proceeded to belittle me and tell me that I am an embarassment to all MPs and the Army . She said do the world a favor and kill myself . I never did anything to her or any other MP . Why does what she said still bother me over a year later ? 
wonders why some people are allowed to be parents of special needs children when they don't even deserve to be parents at all . How can a parent kill their own child ? 
I know all pit bulls are not viscious , but why would you leave a 3 day old baby alone with a dog period . Horror stories like that one give pitt bulls and other protective type dogs a bad name . 
is thankful for great friends and family and it's not even Thanksgiving yet . 
is feeling blessed to have such a wonderful , healthy son . I received some very sad news tonight . A dear friend lost his young son to cancer this summer . Hearing this makes me think about just how precious life truly is . There are no guarantees that you will have tomorrow with those you love . Hug your friends and family tonight and let them know how blessed you feel . 
is going to sleep . I can't handle any more bad news . I didn't get the job that I interviewed yesterday . :( 
is going to lie down and watch Grey's . Nite all . 
needs some sleep . Too tired to go to sleep . Has that ever happened to anyone else ? 
can't wait until tomorrow night . The election will be over and so will all of the irritating political ads . : @ 
wants to remind all of her veteran friends that Chili's , Applebee's , and Outback provide a Thank you for your service on Veteran's Day and < PROPFEMALE > Corral thanks you on the following Monday . 
found out the reason that prisoners wear their pants so low that their boxer shorts are showing . Why do you think that they do ? Do you think that the young boys and men that are not in prison but wear their pants that way know the message that it sends ? 
loves \What Would You Do ? \"." 
is gonna chillax with < PROPMALE > tonight . Can't wait to see the other man in my life this weekend . 
just showing my parents how Facebook works . 
can't wait ' til Christmas . 
went to the bathroom at work today . Big mistake ! After I pulled the door closed , the big metal broom fell in front of the door , inbetween the wall and the cabinet next to the bathroom . No problem , right ? Not if the door opened in . I had to yell for help through a very small crack in the door . LOL I have to admit it was pretty funny . 
went to the bathroom at work again today . This time I made sure there was no broom nearby . :P 
feels like she ate a pot of beans and washed it down with a glass of acid . Arghh ! That's what I get for eating fried seafood and jalapeno peppers last night . I couldn't help it . We finally have oysters again and they were soooooo good . 
night all . 
off to work in a few hours even though I feel like I just got home . :P 
gets to sleep in tomorrow . Yay !!!!!! 
needs to get some sleep . I work early tomorrow . Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > ! 
good night all ! 
Oh , Happy Birthday , TJ . 
feels like ba < PROPMALE > a < PROPMALE > cake with < PROPMALE > . Thanks for the idea , < PROPFEMALE > . 
is cleaning house . If you know me and I delete you , it is an accident . I am not going to play Mafia Wars anymore . I need to focus on other things . Thank you to all of my Mafia Wars friends . Just friend request me again if I accidentally delete you . ;) 
Keep me in your thoughts tommorow @ 3 pm Central Time . I have another job interview . I sure could use the moral support . Thanks in advance everybody ! 
has been sooooo busy with < PROPMALE > and work . Yes , that's right . I got a job . :) 
had breakfast with my favorite person this morning . It was worth waking up early for . :) 
