Sure do have A LOT of ppl to see next weekend . I'm going to knock out about 5 in one day though .... lol . That's prettty good . Maybe I'll get my fortune read while I'm down there :) 

I'm so tired . I worked 11 hours today . I work 16 tomorrow . Was hoping I'd get to talk on the phone before I fell asleep . It's okay though . Big hugs and goodnight to everyone . Have fun and be careful . 
So it's nice to know it can be told on facebook ...... but not in normal conversation . What a way to trust , be considerate , and ' be friends ' . 
Going to work my long LONG freaking shift . Thank God I have an interview Tuesday . Thank God . Let's all cross fingers and do once again the job dance for good luck . 
just trying to keep my facefbook open . I NEVER use it 
Just found one of my closest friends from my teen years on here . I'M SO PROUD OF HER !!!!! 
I ' wondering why no one is ever awake and on myspace or facebook this time of night :( 
worried about going to the doc tomorrow ...... it's been a WHILE ...... hope everything is good . 
just working . feeling absolutely aweful ..... totally ibuprofened up ..... TOTALLY . I really just want to go home . 
FINALLY moved to the music city :) I am hoping my new life here will be a good one . My fingers are definatly crossed . 
Well .... my secrets out . It's spreading like wildfire now through the family . LOL 
Has a LONG day tomorrow . Better get in the bed . I think my stepdad is making breakfast pie in the morning ... mmmmmmm 
Had a GREAT day . really just tired . going to sleep . gotta get up for black friday . I'm GPS bound . 
YEAH !!! I got a GPS and it is great . SUPER good deal :) 
getting off line . It probably won't last long though . 
Just got back to Nashville . I now have all my stuff moved in . I start looking for employment tomorrow . pLeAsE wish me luck , pray , or do some kind of job dance . I would appreciate it :) 
can't sleep . Too many mixed emotions . 
going to listen to music . Perhaps that will help .... good night all ..... hopefully 
Frantically searching for job . Went to interview today ..... thinking I bombed it pretty badly :( 
Going to some open house for a salon thing tonight . I know I'll have fun ... and possibly do some networking for jobs . FINGERS CROSSED ! 
stressing out makes me look psycho . The more I try NOT to be that way .... the more I am . It sucks . I hate it . I hate the fact that I am a life control freak and want to know everything involved in and around my being . Anyone else like that ? 
stressing out makes me look psycho . The more I try NOT to be that way .... the more I am . It sucks . I hate it . I hate the fact that I am a life control freak and want to know everything involved in and around my being . Anyone else like that ? 
okay . Going to lay down . Not going to sleep ..... but I'm tired of being on the internet and I'm bored . My step brothers are dominating use of the tv . 
Hoping my step-brother doesn't get mad that I ate his sandwich from Arby's . I SOOOO thought he was asleep ..... turns out ... he wasn't . I bet he's saying , \What the Cuss ?! \ " right now . lol " 
Had a FANTASTIC time hangin with Gibbsy last night :) Can't wait to go back to Murphreesboro in a couple of weeks :) 
trying to research apartments ... and find a job ..... man , I'm gonna need a roomy badly :( 
I just realized today how long my hair has gotten .... I love it :) 
Oh yeah , and I think I got a job !!! I'll know Tuesday . 
I hate looking at other ppl's pics sometimes . It depresses me :( 
Going to the Bull & Whistle tonight to hear mom sing . I sure hope I have fun .... 
Had fun time ... but sad towards the end . Wish I wouldn't have made a fool of myself in front of all those ppl . 
Got back today from FL . Have to admit I had fun ... while it lasted . It was too short :( 
I went to the Chamber of Commerce bon fire . I had a blast !!! I never knew that a bunch of 35-55 year old ppl could be so much fun !!!! 
Getting ready to go to work . I am so thankful that I found a job ! I like it okay .... I took a LARGE paycut though .... going to have to find something to make up the difference . 
Had an AWESOME time saturday night at the pub . Then , I tried to play < PROPFEMALE > pong .... I suck :( 
Freaking facebook is being crappy and refuses to upload my pic from saturday :-/ 
Well .... things are looking good for me . I'm hoping I will be moved out by the end of January . I have to find a job that offers more money though . Seriously . 
Going off to an appoinment . Wish me luck ! :) Also , going to the dentist or whoever to see about my jaw locking up . I HAVE to get this fixed . I'm having trouble eating ! 
Well , I've decided I'm going to stay up until 12:00 am . That way , I can truly wish myself a happy birthday . 25 is a little depressing . BUT ... I feel very much that it will be a great year for me :) 
Well , I just want ya to know ..... I woke up not feeling well today . VERY bad on this .... my special day :( 
so ..... i'm finally getting out of bed at like 1:30 pm . Gotta do some stuff before work . Thinking I might go work out in the gym before work . 
Going out with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow night :) Can't wait !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
worked out tonight YEAH ! Hopefully in about a month I'll be looking like I did 4 years ago :) 
thinking perhaps I need sleep . Got a LONG day tomorrow . I'm going to the community theater tomorrow to see about acting :) 
At work bored as hell and no one will text with me . I feel like the lonely girl in the lunchroom that everyone avoids eye contact with LOL 
Home now .... and still bored . This day has SUCKED !!!! Well , except for the fact that I bought this GORGEOUS dress for new years ...... lol ........ I'll post pics when the time comes :) 
Thinking I've found a good thing here . 
I'll start to get myself back together in January . Until then , I'll continue to live out of character . So , anyone up for the Pub Saturday night LOL ? 
Having to go to work tonight . Good thing I'm off the next two days :) 
At home and cozy under the covers . Now if I could only get my feet warm I could go to sleep . Goodnight everyone ! Sweet Dreams :) 
Wishing I had a sunday like last sunday :) 
I worked out with the wii today , cleaned a little , and actually fixed my hair for work . All in all , I'd say it was a pretty productive day . 
Well , I've decided I am going to get my hair cut tomorrow . It must be done . 
QUICK POKING ME !!!!!!! 
There's only one thing that could make me happy at this very moment and I bet no one could guess what it is ..... 
I'm going to buy a veggie burger tonight just to try it . I really hope it's good . I need to incorporate more vegetables in my diet . I'm seriously lacking . 
Time is a funny thing . It's always in the knick , it heals , gives you hind sight , and virtues like < PROPFEMALE > among others . It's our own little super hero . 
Is going to help a friend move today . Also , thought I'd knock out some goals on my goal list . I've decided I'm going to write down a list of goals every month and < PROPFIRST > them off . That way , I can be more organized in accomplishing the small tasks in order to work toward the bigger goals . 
Just watched It's Complicated . It was HILARIOUS !!! Definatly suggest it . I laughed SO much . If you liked Something's Gotta Give , you'll love this . 
New year , new place , new me :) 
I really would love to get my babygirl back . I guess we'll see . It's not up to me at this point . 
Okay .... PLEASE ANSWER ..... how could someone be more considerate ..... what makes a considerate person ... well .... considerate ? 
Well , goint to get ready . Got a callback to an interview . YEAH !!!! Mo Money , Mo Freedom :) 
My feet hurt from going so much . BUT I managed to get off work until monday :) YEAH !!!! 
hot pink and black and white zebra print 
HAVING A GREAT TIME ! Enjoying visiting friends . Sad I have to go home tomorrow ... but I'm wearing out my welcome and I'M GETTING A JOB when I get back to TN !!!!! YEAH :) 
Thinking I've got a good thing here ...... whatever it is . 
\I thought I was dieing !!! \ " lol .... " 
This is getting to be too much . It's not simple anymore ........... 
I know it's going to get rocky ..... but I'm still climbing ;) 
Happy . Finally happy . What was wrong has been worked through ...... I'm still not sure I understand what will become of me in the situation ... but I am hoping for good things . All I know is ...... I'm having fun .... I enjoy what I'm doing ...... and I like that . Wherever it takes me ..... that's where I'll go . Going with the flow . 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you ....... 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Sexy . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : BF/GF Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best :) 
Fingers swollen , an body so tired and weak I can't keep my eyes open ..... and I slept for 9 hours !!!! I don't know what's going on here . 
Really loving my life right now . The past two days have been phenominal . Just great ! I'm all smiles :) 
OMG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have had THE BEST FREAKING DAY EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lol :) 
Thinking today will be good too , but I KNOW tomorrow will be even better ;) 
I ran over a pickle under your bed b/c I'm a NINJA !!!!! lol 
OH YEAH !!!!!! I GOT THE JOB FOR SURE ...... I'm going to get to move out of my mom's house now .... YAY !!!!!! BUT it won't be til March at the earliest . Gotta save money . 
My whole weekend was wonderful . ABSOLUTELY wonderful :) I think it's safe to say that I've been utterly swept off my feet . 
I don't want to come back down from this cloud . It's taken me all this time to find out what I need . 
I am flawed , but I am cleaning up so well . -Vindicated , Dashboard Confessional 
LOVING a certain someone's status right now . SOOOOOO SWEET ! ** beaming ** 
Going into orientation at Wet Seal today !!!! YAY ! Discount for < PROPFEMALE > ! LOL 
Well , it is what it is . I am who I am . I love my life in Nashville thus far :) 
I'm VERY happy .... AND .... it's official . 
Missing < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Gibbs . MUST Have a < PROPFEMALE > out soon . MUST . Gotta make the rounds pretty soon .... Murfreesboro , TN .... Florence , AL ....... Booneville , MS ....... Gotta get it done . 
Oh today will be a wonderful day . I get paid , I'm off work , and < PROPFIRST > is coming back from ATL . Who could ask for anything more ? 
Getting up early to look at apartments tomorrow :) 
stressed . VERY stressed . 
Learining to accept . 
The stress is over . I had a WONDERFUL day today . I was without my < PROPFIRST > ( and will be until Friday ) , but hey ...... I got my apartment !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm SO excited now :) I move in on April 5th :-D 
I think Colbie Caillat has it all right . LOVE the new song . 
< PROPFEMALE > : Most < PROPFEMALE>'s are very gorgeous but don't know it , think they are ugly and criticize themselves alot . They get annoyed with there closest friends but are always there for them . Usually curvy or skinny . Not fat . Sexy , romantic , and very creative . They make amazing girlfriends and fall for certain people . Very unlikely to cheat . An < PROPFEMALE > is a very funny and entertaining person . Very fun person . 
I'm taking my mom out to lunch today for her birthday :) Also , I get to see my < PROPFIRST > ALLLLL weekend !!!!! I'm SOOO excited :-D 
Well it's all in the open now . EVERY bad thing that can be known is now known . That was the one last thing . I was nervous about it ( which made it worse ) but I'm okay now . Going to continue to be myself and let the chips fall where they may . Just one thing . I HATE YOU BC YOU SUCK !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well , I had a great weekend . I met the fam . I was nervous at first , but they were very nice and welcoming . Had a good conversation with the mom this morning over coffee . My < PROPFIRST > is off for another week in ATL :( 
REALLY loving my life right now . I'm glad all is well in the neighborhood ( so to speak ) . I am experiencing a terrible sore throat at the moment . I'm PRAYING this is not catchy . Sure would feel terrible if I gave it to < PROPFIRST > :( 
Any parents that watch the Chapelle Show and South Park are awesome in my book . YAYYYY !!!!!!! 
Home sick :( I've been in bed for two days now . SURELY HOPING I GET BETTER BY THE WEEKEND ! < PROPFIRST > is planning out a whole weekend fo < PROPFIRST>'s fun . I would hate to have to miss it . But I might anyway just so he doesn't get sick :( 
SO ..... I just got back from < PROPFIRST>'s . Had a GREAT weekend . SO GOOD ! I got taken to P.F. < PROPFIRST>'s for dinner Friday night , and to see the < PROPFIRST>'s Day movie Saturday night . ALONG with perfume , the new Rihanna CD , an awesome book , and LOTS of cuddle time . But now he's back off to ATL again :( 
Too many options .... and such a big decision ......... this must take MUCH consideration . So much could go wrong ......... but so much could go right just as well . 
Going to a songwriter's night next Wednesday to get in the mix . I'm not playing or singing . Just going to get the feel for it :) 
In one day , everything can change . ONE SECOND , ONE MINUTE , ONE DAY , ONE CONVERSATION changes everything . Here comes the whirl wind again . Hope I end up like < PROPFEMALE > and land in sweet Munchkin Land . WITHOUT the wicked witch . But the Good witch would be nice ...... 
Stress makes me paranoid ..... which brings about MORE stress . 
Sick Sick Sick again :( 
Spending time with my Mommy tonight . I finally got over this sickness .... ( well , about 90%) Fixing to go clean the house so it's spotless tomorrow :) 
Well , started the MAD search for a roomy . Thinking this one tonight may work out great . Fingers are totally crossed . And don't worry , nothing is wrong with < PROPFIRST > and me . We are still doing just as great as ever . I STILL LIKE YOU BABE !!! MUAH ! 
I hope one day I can look back at this time in my life and smile . I hope I'm as strong as I think I am . I feel like I am almost to the top of the mountain , but these last few feet of climbing are hard . I'm tired . I'm ready for peace and contentment . 
why ? Why ? WHY ? Oh dear ..... I'm a fool . 
So I've written two more songs . One before this disaster and one after . One happy one sad . Two more to add to the collection . YAY ! Mom says I should sing them at writers night . That means they're good :) 
I'm boycotting this day . I want nothing to do with it's green stupidness . I'll remember it for the rest of my life and rightly so . 
YAY !!! FINALLY got to change my dang pic . THANK YOU INTERNET FOR WORKING ! Now I'm going to get hammered . Boycotting St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ? WHAT WAS I THINKING ?! haha 
Well ...... I've decided I'm going to have a good day today . My DM is coming to the store . We'll see how she likes it . I worked REALLY hard to get it in shape :) 
DM visit went VERY well :) I guess my hard work paid off . Okay , going out tonight and I'm totally excited :) 
So Manager's meeting last night at Chili's was fun . Love my girls ! p.s. I'm going to focus on work ... no dating anyone . 
YAY ! Clarity and definition is oh so good :) 
Having a great day today . Only two pounds away and I'll be at my ideal weight . And no .. not dieting really . Just watching what I eat and getting it when I can .... I'm so busy all the time lol . 
Had a great night last night with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , gibbs , and chic ( can't remember name ... sorry ) . Going into work now :) 
Fixing to enjoy a VERY nice , hot bath . Need to relax after the busy day I've had haha . 
Life is what you make it ..... and I plan to make mine what I've always dreamed . I just have to break old habits and create new ones . Let the past go and create a future ..... With or without some ppl in it . 
Well , going to get my TN license today . FINALLY haha . Bad photo here I come :) 
Getting all my stuff together . Moving from < PROPFIRST>'s to the new apartment . Happy and excited ..... but sad kinda too . I liked the bathroom haha . As well as other things :( 
Well , realized yesterday while I was dating some paperwork that it would've been 4 years married . Wow .... time goes by fast . I've been in Nashville for 4 months and it feels like only 4 weeks ! lol ... 
okay , so here's the thing . I do not have internet where I live so I have been dearly missing my facebook friends !!!! AND CHATS !!! What's new with me ? I'm learning that The Rolling Stones were gifted words from God when they sang , \You can't always get what you want ...... etc . \ " and also \ " I can't get no satisfaction ... \ " Wow . Can't get anymore correct than that . " 
For whom this concerns ....... You're a coward . 
I suppose only time will tell . Until then , I'm alone . Alone and getting my shit together . Which is all of another week . 
so , I finally got my health , dental , and vision insurance . YAY !! Now I can wear get contacts . But don't worry , I'll still be wearing my glasses a lot . I just want contacts so I can wear sunglasses sometimes :) 
Unrequited anything just sucks . 
Sorry new bathing suite , I cannot take you back . You were a final sale :( 
had a WONDERFUL time last night :) 
Going to work . BOOO !!!! Meeting newbie assistant .... even bigger BOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!! 
Feeling wonderful and happy . Things are great in my world right now :) 
So I went shopping with mom today . I handed her a < PROPFEMALE > to try on under her yellow t-shirt and she yelled out from behind the fitting room door , \Allie ! What's this white thing ? \"" 
Going out tonight and am determined to have as much fun as possible . YAY ! I'm getting my trouble shoes on ;) 
Why did I move to Nashville again ?..... I should so be in Scottland with Paolo !!! 
Well , I finally bought a shower curtain . YAY ! I know a guy named < PROPFIRST > that will be happy about this :) 
From tomorrow forward I'm eating healthy . Wraps for lunch ? Yes I do believe so ! :) 
Just watched Paranormal Activity . BAD IDEA !!!!! Anyone can tell you I get freaked way out when I watch a scary movie . ESPECIALLY right before bed . 
So productive day today . I made my hourly bonus at work , worked 12 hours at the kiosk , ate healthy , AND laid in the tanning bed . I'd say it was a nice day off from my regular job lol . Now I just wish < PROPFIRST > was here to cuddle with me and it would be PERFECT . 
Had a mind blowing weekend with < PROPFIRST > ! ( in between my crazy work schedule anyway ) and I got in some OH SO NEEDED girl time with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
JUST got home from inventory . 4am ..... now time to sleep until 9 and go work 12 hours at the kiosk . 5 hours of sleep IF i fall asleep right now . This very moment . Ugh ! I will need double dose of espresso in the morning to function . 
SLEEP ! Oh how I've missed you . 
Totally wishing I had my Mr. P . with me right now :( 
Wow . Just got a P0420 emissions code for my malibu . NOT GOOD . I wonder how much this is going to cost me :( 
I am so happy with my life in Nashville ( except for my car situation ) . I have a nice apartment , a good job , my mom close by , friends , and a wonderful boyfriend . I am so thankful ! God has blessed me with the tools/things I need to stay positive . 
I'm going to find out about my car today . Everyone wish me luck ! 
okay so seriously . If anyone wants to get me a present .... I want both Paolo Nutini's CD's: < PROPFEMALE > Side Up and These Streets . Can Christmas come early ? 
Oh I can not wait until tomorrow !!!!! ALL night with my cutie . Although , I am very nervous about meeting the frat brothers along with their wives/girlfriends :/ 
Is thinking I need another night like Saturday night . I didn't know a soul , I was very much gone with the wind , and enjoyed almost every minute of it :) 
is starting to REALLY feel the physical and mental effects of working 7 days/65 hours a week . 
So I've decided to get my butt up and be productive today . Car tag to make my move official ??? I think so ! Dusting my room so < PROPFIRST > doesn't have an allergy attack ?.... Yes I do believe I will . Vacuuming my floor ?...... TOTALLY ! Then go to work and stress for 7 hours . Yep . 
Is beginning to give up on a lot of things . 
I wish all people were an open book . Like their feelings and thoughts were written across their forheads . Or at least have a pinoccio nose so you could ask yes or no questions and see if they're really telling the truth . 
so .... if you won't accept ... I'll decline :) \ 
haha ...... let's see how you like THOSE apples ! 
is < PROPMALE > past the brink of happiness and approaching heaven :) 
Okay . So much to do before tryouts . I am making a sign for me and < PROPFIRST > to hold up while we're standing in the crowd . Lol .... I am SOOOOO GLAD that my best friend of all time is coming to support me . I'm telling you , after 7 years of her friendship , she's like a sister to me . I LOVE YOU LiL ' E !!!! 
haha .... \P ! As in Poo ! \"" 
okay . SO .... went to A.I. tryouts in Nashville . GREAT EXPERIENCE ! However , I didn't make it . BUT ... I did get called back to sing twice ;) \ 
I mean , out of 17,000 people , I don't consider that a bad or negative thing lol :) 
Thank you all for being so supportive . I really REALLY do appreciate it . I did good well , and am not sad at all . I wanted to give a shout out also to < PROPFEMALE > for spontaneously going with me at 4am to register Thursday morning . Without her .... I honestly in all seriousness would've been LOST ! 
Well well well .... mom's REALLY getting to meet boyfriend tonight . We're having chicken and rice with home-made mashed potatoes and gravy . I can't wait !!!! 
So ... doctor appointment tomorrow morning about my foot . I hope they don't tell me I'll need surgery to correct it . That would SUCK !!!!! 
Going home next week to visit . I can't wait !!! I miss everyone . 
Leaving out Saturday to start my vacation . YAY !!!!!!!!!! ALABAMA/MISSISSIPPI BOUND ! 
Enjoyed driving the cart today and watching < PROPFIRST > play golf . FUN FUN :) \ 
Also , GREAT day at work . I love it when I get to work at our sister store :) 
back from ms and < PROPMALE > . Fun time with the fam ....... but now back to the hard work . 
I am taking the doc's orders and sleeping in ' dos boot ' tonight . I guess we'll see how it goes . BUT .... the cortizone shot to my knee helped a lot today . AND so did the ankle brace :) \ 
Unfortunately I am falling apart . 
\we'll drive until the city lights disolve into the country sky ...... just me and you . \ " -Zach Brown Band \ " Free \"" 
So ..... found out one reason why I'm having so much problems with everything . My Vita < PROPFEMALE > D is WAY low and they are PRESCRIBING me a suppliment to take once a week for 6 weeks PLUS I have to spend at least 50 < PROPFEMALE > a day in the sun . Wow ..... I guess this explains why my hair keeps falling out ! 
I get to see < PROPFIRST > today !!!!!!! YAY !!! He's coming back for a few days from Ft . Lauderdale . 
OMG I HATE TAX FREE !!!!!!! I have worked my tushy off for the past two days . Only 5 hours of sleep . Closed last night LATE and opened this morning EARLY . But ...... now I'm off until 2 tomorrow and I'm going to spend some sweet quality time with < PROPFIRST > :) 
\Determine now that you are going to enjoy where you are today on your way to where you want to be tomorrow . \"- < PROPFEMALE > Meyer " 
\yeah ... they cant ' just come in here and blow us off course !!! We got compasses ! -And they're neon . \ " -The Mighty Boosh ( Future Sailors ) " 
I have decided to try out for a play at the Murfreesboro Little Theater whenever I get moved down there and settled . I have to admit .... I am VERY VERY VERY excited about this because I haven't done any type of theater since college in 2004 . My last community theater gig was < PROPMALE > in Footloose ! LONG TIME AGO !!!!!!!!!!!! 
OMG ..... all of my friends are now married or getting married . Lord help them . 
\God gave me you for the ups and downs .... God gave me you for the days of doubt . \ " \ 
My ankle is yelling at me right now . Absolutely screaming . I am now considering a sit down job seeing as how I am now at home and about in tears . Seriously . BRING ON THE MEDS ! 
Missing my cutie right now . BUT .... I'm applying for more jobs . BOOOO !!! You would think that with all my management experience SOMEONE would hire me ! Perhaps I am limiting myself a bit . I think I should aim higher . Applying for the actual Manager positon instead of assistant ???? YES , I DO BELIEVE I WILL !!!! 
has the CRAZIEST dream last night out of no-where . THEN .... the person that randomly was in my dream was a friend suggestion on facebook this morning . I think this is the weirdest thing that has happened in a minute . 
Can't wait for the Labor Day throw down at the clubhouse tomorrow !!!! IT IS GOING TO BE SOOOOO FUN !!!!!! Oh , and Drama ...... you are very NOT welcome to this party . 
Well , I had a blast at the party Sunday but ate WAY too much haha . The food was so good . No < PROPFIRST > is in Florida again and going to the Bahamas this weekend . BOOOOO ! I'm jealous lol . But this gives me plenty of time to get my stuff together and take care of some things that need doing :) 
Really missing my blond haired , blue eyed cutie right now . He's in the Bahamas .... WITHOUT ME !!!!!! hahaha . 
FINALLY getting my life back together . Working hard , but I'll be doubly rewarded later . About another year and I'll be ready for a new beginning . Just gotta tie up some loose ends first . 
one second , one minute , one hour , one day at a time . 
ATTENTION !!!!! Donot join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life . \ " It is a group of Pedophiles trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and post !!! Let's keep our children safe " 
MY DARLIN IS COMING HOME TOMORROW !!!!!!! YAYAYYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY ! 
:-/ 
feeling much better now :) 
\Out in the middle of no-where knowing ... I'm in trouble if these wheels stop rolling . \"" 
Just had the absolute BEST weekend I could ever ask for . I am SOOOOOO blessed and head over heals . 
Children\ 
with special needs are not sick or gross . They only want what we \ 
want , to be appreciated . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post \ 
this and leave it for at least and hour ? It's Special Education week and\ 
this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . 
Loving life and getting it right :) 
Am totally trying to figure out this app ! Lol . Errrrrr ....... Technology is sometimes my enemy :-/ 
So everyone , I'm coming to Boonevegas the week of the 6th . < PROPFEMALE > , if you will please tell < PROPMALE > so he can call me to arrange a visit . Thanks sweetie :) 
So my baby boo took me to the frist this passed weekend and 
I have a certain strength in me that has been passed down for generations . This strength is what keeps me going . This strength reassures me that no matter what happens in my life , will make it . I will endure and prevail ....... because I am my mothers daughter , and she is her fathers . 
I got a car !!! It's a black ford focus :) 
Had a great thanksgiving with my family and < PROPFIRST>'s . Now I am in retail he'll with a bunch of crazy customers . I just got cursed out over two dollars and fifty cents ..... errrr . 
Wow , this time last year I was moving to Nashville with no job , bills to pay , and $150 to my name . I have to say that I've come a long way in a year's time . THANK YOU to the people who have helped me out along the way . You know who you are , and I am so blessed to have you in my life . I love you all . I love you all very dearly . 
I love random slow dances .... with twirls . 
Thank you everyone for my birthday wishes . I love you all :) 
So .... why hasn't anyone sent me a number so I can write a cool status about you ??????? 
#1 - U are a very sweet and gigantic person . I had the pleasure of experiencing your first play at Corinth theater arts . I had fun trying to come up with and learn our big dance very last minute haha . 
OMG this mall is frantically busy with deal shoppers . Please lord give me strength and temperance ! 
#26 you are hilarious and silly . Despite your mishap , I have always thought you to be a loyal person . Some of the best times of my life -thus far- were spent with you , the crew , and the stoop . I loved turning twenty . Thank you :) 
Going to bed . I finally put up all my Christmas gifts . Yay !!! 
Thinking I may go see country strong this weekend . I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > PALTROW !!! 
Just got finished budgeting my projected expenses for the next year by creating a monthly/bi-weekly plan . My goal is to increase my savings ! I plan on tucking away about 20% of my income :) We'll see if I can do it :-/ 
Can't wait for my sweet < PROPFIRST > to come home Wednesday ! Also , excited about my yearly review at work . I hope to get a raise . That would really help with my budget . More money for < PROPFEMALE>'s entertainment :) 
May god bless those who die a sudden and tragic death . 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . 
Current < PROPFEMALE > news : iPhone was stolen by a hotel housekeeper , had a great time after work last night with the girls , and am going to enjoy a wonderful day today with < PROPFIRST > who gave me a bitter-sweet suprise last night . Oh , and my car is leaking oil like blood leaking from a severed limb . GRRR .... but at least I get to enjoy my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > day :) 
The HUGE oil leak is coming from the head that I JUST had fixed a month ago by Mienike ( sp ? ) . They agreed to cover the cost of towing my car to their shop for a re-fix AND had a tow truck to my car within an HOUR of the first phone call . Oh THANK YOU GOD for fatherly Mr. < PROPMALE > and his man-ness . If it was me ( as a woman ) that called , I bet it would still be sitting there haha . 
is wishing I had a degree with a good job that made twice as much as I do now so I wouldn't have to worry about money ...... well , I don't and I do and I'm living with the consequences . 
another day , another dollar . Manager meeting here I come !!! 
Got bonus money again for a low shrink at work . YAY !!! I have to say , I am proud of my team :) 
I'm feeling ugly ( haven't dressed up in well over a week ) , alone (<PROPFIRST>'s out of town til the 17th ) , and blah ( need some type of entertainment ) . It's the perfect time to be creative , write some songs , and make some friends . 
Is thinking I'm a lucky girl :) 
A beautiful day today in Murfreesboro , TN . The sun is shining , it's warm outside , and a slightly cool breeze is blowing . I am going to clean out my car :) 
Loving my Boo Bear !!! 
Going to work today . 7 days in a row working with no break . Wow , what an illegal place this is . Good thing I'll be out of there SOON ! lol 
Good news .... No longer employed with the seal , because I got my new job at HCA ! BAD NEWS ... My oldest brother is having surgery and I'm a tinge worried about how that goes . Other good news however , the Miami vacation between jobs is exciting :) I have the best guy in the world ! 
Last year at this time I was at the lowest point of my LIFE ! Now I feel I'm at the highest . New job ( career ) , new apartment ( with a man I adore ) , a new life , and restored faith . I am SO blessed . I honestly thank God everyday for testing my faith so I would grow closer to HIM . 
