is bored as fuck at work sitting on a computer comparing peoples names in outlook to a spreadsheet ..... fml 

FML I feel like ass ... I think I drank and stuff too much last night ..... in retrospect bowling on a wednesday was a bad idea ... 
well according to the Navy I am obese .... funny I dont look or feel like I am obese .... 
omg .... I havent been sober since last thursday morning .... I <3 Narcotics 
omg what the fuck happened to my life ? just when I start to get everything back on track and come up with a plan to be succesfull some stupid ass bitch decides to lie about me and fuck everything up . for my friends who have stopped talking to me ... fuck off ... and to my friends who have been there for me when I needed you . thank you . words alone cannot express how grateful I am for having you few people in my life . 
is it over ? can this nightmare of a situation that I have been thrown into not of my own accord finally be over ? so now what happens ? 
just found out last night the real reason why < PROPMALE > broke up with < PROPMALE > .... it's because she pisses the bed .... omfg I thought this was hilarious ..... 
WTF just WTF ? 
fells like the whole world is spinning out of control around me . sometimes I look around and I dont recognize the people and the places around me ... 
Is lost in the nothing 
I am fucking done ... No more stupid ideas that are only going to get me in trouble ... Straight and narrow from now on . 
it seems lately like the bullshit is getting deeper . why ? what the fuck gives people the right to make life a lot more difficult than it has to be . 
Fuck rocking the boat I think I sank it ! 
Should I stay or should I go ? What does this mean ? Is this all starting again ? Is this going to end bad again ? ..... Yup minds racing again damn it all to hell ! 
Looks like the go's have it !!!!! 
Now commence babysitting Aka military supervision of shipyard contractors ... In other words I am sitting on the pier in front of the hopper watching for leaky hoses ..... fml 
Damn this shit is gay .... Phone is down to 48% I don't think it's going to survive this watch ..... 
Lol I scored a 34.7 on my advancement exam ... I missed advancement by 48 points ... This shouldn't be funny but I find it hilarious ! 
Bleh long weekend ..... Back to work in the morning ! 
not really feeling this work thing today ... 
Thinks that SOME people need to grow up and learn that they have to pay their babysitter ... 
Is getting fuckin trashed tonight/tomorrow morning !!!!!!!!!!! 
Damn my head hurts !!!!! 
Jesus Christ .... Yeah on a bicycle 
Her name is fuck your mouth !!!! 
Sitting in the er .... Goodbye night ... And how much you wanna bet they dontgive me anything for the pain I'm in . 
I now have to walk with a cane ... But I have roxicet . So I guess you gotta take the bad with the good ... 
Woot jäger !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ¡¡¡¡¡ 
Ugh I never wanted to get out of bed this morning .... Today sucks but we get paid tonight ... 
The cold , empty , musty feel . \ 
A prison cell that isn't real . \ 
\ 
A swirling torrent of pain\ 
The madness claiming the brain\ 
Escaping freedoms hold\ 
Lying in the cold 
A ghost that's been haunting me can finally be laid to rest . I look forward to the future , with a little elbow grease and some smooth operating I should be able to squeeze some orange juice out of these lemons life keeps throwing at me . 
And the next thing they knew they were being breached by a whale ! 
SUMMER SMASH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's been a great week so far ... 
Tank watch ... Again 
Sons of anarchy starts in a matter of minutes ! 
Soaring , this life that seems to seep the strength from our every withering bones . Flying , above the all consuming greed of our false thrones . \ 
Fiefdom , the control that society holds is our own rage . Freedom , is a choice to open the cage . 
do you ever feel like your trapped ? like you are surrounded by invisible walls that only you can feel ? 
ME : yes what do I put for my CA adress on my ballot since I'm in the military in hawaii\ 
CLERK : if u don't live in CA you need to register to vote in HI\ 
M : no , I am still a resident of CA I am registered to vote in CA\ 
C : if u registered to vote out there then u registered to vote in HI\ 
M : no I am registered to vote in CA , I think that's why I got a CA ballot in the mail\ 
C : that's not right u need to call the HI office 
dear facebook : don't ask question you don't want to know the answer to . if you knew what was actually on my mind you would crash ! 
so my medical board got rejected ... they want a line of duty investigation done on my incident .... so basically they are going to try to say that it was my fault that I got hurt and they don't have to pay me shit . go navy ... 
Why does it always seem that my list of shit I need to take care of is always full things that constantly wear me down ? 
Will the Zombies come out and play soon ?.... I hope so , my machete is too clean ! 
so yeah ... road runner turbo plus installation = fail ! the new management for my building changed the locks on the boiler room so the cable guys couldn't hook up my fast internet tonight ... it should be up and running by tomorrow but until then i am still stuck with uber shitty clear-wire 
Woot chilin at my favorite place the Tripler ER 
lets see .... so far 2011 is off to : waking up late for work , getting almost to base and realising that my id is sitting on the counter , almost running out of gas , and still no med board results ... 
spent the first 30 minutes of this beautiful day praying to the porcelain god .... I wish I could say that this doesn't happen almost everyday .... 
I have decided that I hate the word \if \"" 
Somethings never change ... Somethings do . I'm chilin with cops , that are totally mackin on some doughnuts 
I think I am going to start using my cane to play a new game ... Whack a ' Tard 
My shit I need to get done list is almost empty .... 
To all the friends I've made along the way , it's been real and you know what I'm about so just hit me up when you need some . To the navy .... Fuck you ! And once everyone I care about gets off the island I hope it fucking sinks 
Well I am home , home to stay . It is a great feeling and tonight has been amazing and it's not even over yet . To all my peeps still in , < PROPFEMALE > in there someday the navy will stop making you grab your ankles . 
do you ever feel like you spend most of your life waiting on one thing or another ? 
happy 420 everyone ... I'm about to load a bowl ... 
