corruption mix 101 

..... must ....... open ............... v .. v .. violin case ............ 
Im leaving tonight ( June 19 ) for camp for 6 weeks . Dont expect me to be very social on facebook for a while . 
BACK . 
is stabbing a moose with his many bows and apparently looks like an anime character . 
made 225 dollars today by playing Bach in the streets of downtown anchorage at the market ! I am so going every week from now on . 
likes his chocolate muffin very , very much . 
is going to mime his way through his recital in 2 weeks . 
i ask for a chocolate latte and they give me a mocha . I dont care if they say theyre the same thing , i want a chocolate latte ! 
MAKING RAVIOLI . 
MORE RAVIOLI . YUMYUM 
literally did not just wake up until one in the afternoon because he was dreaming very vividly about eating a 20 dollar gourmet chocolate waffle at a fancy french restaurant . Id like to go back to bed , please . 
is drooling over Maxim Vengerov's Bach chaconne ... 
only made 145 dollars this time playing bach . :S 
know Math . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > know Rock Climbing . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > know Chocolate . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > NOT know thirds and tenths . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > need know thirds and tenths . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > NEED KNOW THIRDS AND TENTHS . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > want shoot Paganini . 
RAVIOLIRAVIOLIRAVIOLI 
just got a new macbook using money that he earned while practicing in public for a couple days . I can live with this . 
got a new phone and number but when I sent out a message to 38 people saying \this is my new number\ " I forgot to put my name on the message so now i have 30+ text messages saying \ " whos this ? \ " . Im such an idiot . " 
must perform 13 movements of 5 different pieces in 4 and a half hours ......... I just want to make it through the day and still have a shred of dignity to cling to . 
Played 20058 notes in a recital today ( sunday ): 1508 of which were Paganini , 1607 of which were Halvorsen , 3310 of which were Mozart , 4514 of which were Glazunov , and 9119 of which were Bach . I think imma go bedbye now . 
Im at the airport !!!!!!....... for 5 hours before my plane leaves ......... one plane out of 4 ........... over the course of 18 hours travel time ........... all of a sudden im not so fond of airports . 
finally at interlochen ! now time for sleeping and eating and sleeping and sleeping . 
now thinks that it might have been a wise decision to not sleep on top of his partially eaten chocolate bar . 
has a bowl of ice cream , brownies , cherries , whipped cream , chocolate syrup and chocolate chips in front of him thats roughly the size of a kid size soccer ball . Need I say more ? 
it better be time for chocolate pretty soon here or else something is going to get smashed . 
kinda wishes his bow would do what he wanted it to now and then . once every couple of days might be nice , maybe occasionally doing something with a french or italian sounding name like ' sautille ' or ' saltando ' or even ' pomme de terre ' . it would also be helpful if his fingers would hit the same spot on the string more than once , preferably not due to accident . but i dream . 
wow . interlochen thinks my middle name is Willilam . its on my ID . and every piece of interlochen mail thats been addressed to me according to my parents . i knew my handwriting was pretty grotesque , but i thought i did a good job on the paperwork this year .... 
has a roomate !!!! 
lost his backpack . It has all my schoolwork and supplies in it , so if you find it please please let me know . Its black and has iPod control buttons on the right shoulderstrap . 
found his backpack ! 
is eating fudge fudge FUDGE FUDGE FUDGEFUDGEFUDGE !!!!!!!!! 
saw a deer today run ahead of me through cabutti field . it stopped and we had a staring contest . 
and his chocolate muffin have become very close acquaintances very quickly . 
crazy crazy accordion kid ..... 
soooo many gummiesss .... 
thinks that gravity should spontaneously change direction every day . I think that would be pretty neat . 
thanks for everyone who wished me happy birthday ! It may take me a while to get back to everyone ... 
Just sent in Indiana and NEC prescreening tapes ! Does anyone else get that feeling like they forgot completely about something extremely important they had to do to finish the application right after they send everything in ? Cause thats what I have right now and I want to smash something out of aggravation . 
Mission : Do entire Theory composition assignment for Doctor Boyle AND do entire 12-20 < PROPFEMALE > Wescott paper ( research and all ) by Wednesday . Status : Yet to begin Hypothesized outcome : I shall degenerate into a boneless sleep-deprived vegetative flesh blob collecting dust mites and losing sanity on the floor of my dorm room by the end of wednesday . First Priority : Scotch tape my eyes open and grab the coffee . 
THANK GOD FOR GOOD COFFEE AT LAST . Four Kaladi Bros coffees in one day ! Thats right < PROPFIRST > you didnt get a single one . 
home again !!!! 
Is there anyone at all at interlochen who is going to Indiana to audition Feb 5th , and is driving not flying , who might be so kind as to give me a ride there ? As of now i have an audition time but my travel situation has abruptly changed :S . I would appreciate it GREATLY . 
has chocolate from Colombia Ecuador and Madagascar !!! 65 percent . 
has STILL not heard back from Eastman and is getting to be just a < PROPFEMALE > bit worried . 
has STILL not heard back from Eastman and also didnt pass Juilliard prescreening and is getting to be just a medium bit worried . 
has decided to not let ahtra use his computer anymore . 
so much for Colburn ..... 
Is going to see BSO tomorrow ! 
its not soon enough 
impatient 
1:27 AM and now its time for chocolate 
eastmanNECeastmanNECeastmanNECeastmanNEC YOURE GOING TO KILL ME 
well , i got into eastman , now i just have to hear from NEC 
INTO NECCCCCCCC !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
well New England Conservatory of Music , looks like you're going to be home sweet home for me next year !!!!! 
* sob * 
is in that awful state in which he misses tons and tons and more tons of people . 
coffee 
chocolate chocolate cake cake chocolate chocolate cake cake .......... cant wait until my dad gets home so i can show him ! assuming its still there .... 
time for another hopefully productive day of practice attempts than soon turn sour and succumb to the greater need called ' stuffing my face with objects than contain amounts of sugar that are lethal to small animals ' 
gravity is really convenient 
kinda wishes some things had turned out differently 
misses all his friends ... 
practice practice ....... 
miyazaki movies ^^ 
i get to tutor a fourth grader tomorrow in math . it should be interesting , since im supposed to teach him how to do basic multiplication , and my instructions are to make it ' fun and exciting ' for him because he hates math . I mean , my teacher in elementary school had to bribe us with banana splits . i dont have any banana splits . 
practicing + lots of carrots = NO MORE TENSION 
for some reason cannot play a single martelé stroke correctly and its making his day go quite sour . does anyone at all have any practice suggestions ? at this point im all ears to anything . 
scales make the world go round 
:( 
fettucini 
I dont think I'll ever get used to being addressed as \ Mr. Lindsay \"" 
Happy Birthday Griffin < PROPFIRST > ! Best 6 year old brother of mine ~ 
rain makes me think about things 
so according to my seven year old brother , whenever he makes a crude bodily noise its not his fault but < PROPFIRST>'s . < PROPFIRST > is invisible and lives in our pantry . 
roderoderode i must learn you 
need to find a blanket and chocolate and a movie 
Rode no . 2 down , its your turn no . 8 ! Id appreciate a little cooperation this time too . 
making rhubarb pie ! 
the best i could do for chocolate right now is m&ms ( eeeh why not ) , but i def got the blanket and movie down . 
On a plane ... I want a smoothie 
movie and blanket but now its chocolate < PROPMALE > grahams , not m&ms , and this time im in South Hadley , Massachusetts ! 
i want to stay here .. 
chocolate hazelnut wafer thingies yummyummy 
:((((( \ 
... 
i want to share popcorn with someone .. 
I really love and really hate waking up at noon 
KYLES COMING HOME 
KYLES HOME 
OnplanetoBostononplanetoBostononplanetoBostononplanetoBoston !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
IN BOSTON 
audition : donnnnne 
chocolate cheesecake all gone ..... :(((((((((( 
meeting with Buswell tomorrow !!! 
First Buswell studio meeting !!! So nervoussssssss 
I need to shoot my bowarm and buy a new one 
must learn bach E < PROPMALE > must learn it all 
one of the more interesting nights ive experienced here 
. 
this morning my hair went poof 
i really should be sleeping .... 
haircut ! 
berlioz was sooo GOOD 
distracted 
Normally I'm good at solving problems , why can't I do that right now ? 
Hazelnut coffee at 1:10 am . I thought that I would never have to do this again ..... \ 
If English classes were tangible entities I would torch them all with a flamethrower . 
Hazelnut coffee at 4:40 am ? What happened to the past 3 and a half hours ? T-T 
mango mango mango 
pho < PROPMALE > time 
watching Paranormal Activity at 3 am was definitely not one of my smarter ideas 
hm :( 
I'm sitting in the BSO hall ready to hear Mahler 5 !!!! 
I just remembered why I love Tchaikovsky so much ^^ 
.. sometimes the only effective remedy is ten minutes of Khachaturian 
thank you all so much for the birthday wishes !!! 
maybe at this point i should just ask one of those 8-ball fortune teller things that you shake , and hope for the best ... 
As though I didn't learn from my mistake last time , Im sitting in a theatre about to see paranormal activity 2 .... 
Glazunov no more ! 
my Totodile just grew to level SEVEN !!!! take that Pidgey . 
new violin !! ^^ ^^\ 
sort of 
concert DONE !!! 
when one must write three full papers in a night one's best friend very quickly becomes a huge jar of peanut butter and a spoon . Id use nutella but i ate it already . O.o 
Nutella has been restored !!!! 
wait a second , its december now ?......... \ 
................ \ 
..... why is there no snow ? 
woke up at 4 pm today ... -- ;\ 
maybe i should stop going to bed at 5 . 
feeling really overstressed ... 
craving for tchaikovsky piano concerto ! ~ 
wishing i had more confidence :( 
Has more confidence now :) 
starbucks .... bleh . I miss kaladi brothers :((( 
can't tell ...... 
id like to go on break now :( \ 
so confused .. 
So my dad just mailed me an entire homemade birthday cake ( doesnt really matter that its late ) and actually put all the frosting in a ziplock bag as well as two entire UNBROKEN layers of chocolate coffee cake in one of those priority mail flat rate boxes with instructions on how to put the cake together . \ 
:))))))))))))) 
has fallen in love with tchaikovsky 6 
Tchaikovsky symphony marathon ! ( again ) 
Ferrero Rocher at 4 a . m . \ 
^^ 
Is leaving Boston today and flying back to Anchorage , Alaska !!! 
Is absolutley loving that he somehow managed to land exit row aisle seat on BOTH of his flights home !!!!! YES !! 
is finally back to his life in -17 ? Celsius !!! 
somehow managed to get an A- in my liberal arts Brain class with chandler ??? It's as if i didnt make it clear enough to her a month and a half ago when i told her that i wasnt planning on doing the remainder of the assignments for the semester . 
making christmas dinner with family :) 
attempting to relearn the violin !! progress is slow !! 
I went rock climbing yesterday for the first time in a very very long time and now for some reason i cant really move my arms O.o 
Apocalypse Now is such a frightening movie .. 
misses NEC so much !!!!!! but is by NO means ready to go back yet . 8 days to learn all 5 movements of music i was * supposed * to learn over break here i come O_O 
making pizza and chocolate truffles 
sitting down with chocolate bar , BIG glass of orange juice , and a movie !! :) 
11:11 1/11/11 !!!!!!!! 
leaves for boston in 8 hours !!!! 
Is upset that he did not manage two exit row seats again for the flight back to Boston , but is still happy he got two window seats 
in BOSTON 
is reminded why he loves NEC/Boston so much :))) 
woke up at a reasonable hour ?? Im so proud of myself 
Howls Moving Castle at 4 am is the best way to spend 4 am :))) 
just got back from cheesecake factory after a free meal presented to me by the manager ! yay for waiters/waitresses who are new and screw up my order so that the restaurant compensates me the meal ~ 
really needs something with some sort of chocolate in it very soon .... 
just rewatched Alien for the first time in 7 years and realized that right at the end as the credits are rolling , the Interlochen Theme from Hanson Symphony 2 starts playing ??? \ 
That was one weird combination of emotions . 
Concert DONEEEEEEEEE !!! 
mozart is running me over with a truck 
Thinks he should password protect his computer - - ; 
really should not take \20 minute\ " naps that start at 4 pm and end at 11 . So much for my lesson tomorrow ..? " 
my name is not < PROPFEMALE > ........... - - 
just had the * best * chocolate desserts over at Finale !!! 
I love Boston so much ~ 
slammed my broken phone against my wooden bedframe in frustration . Now it works again ??? 
Prokofiev Melodies !!!! 
lesson in 11 hours that i havent practiced for in 5 days :S ...... \ 
on the bright side my sightreading has gotten so much better this year 
must wake up 
where do all my socks go ??!?! 
saw the < PROPMALE > quartet play Debussy quartet live O.O !!!!!! \ 
So so so good ..... practice time now .......... 
Im so glad I have \contrapuntal awareness\ " in Prokofiev . now I need to LEARN HOW TO PLAY IT on my instrument for once . -_-;;;;;" 
im losing my ability to fall asleep before 4 :(((( 
ok sleep schedule .... please fix yourself by tomorrow morning at 9 ..... 
so apparently learning to pull my bow slowly is equivalent to the effort involved in the cultivation of rice patties ?? thats what i learned today ! 
