Yesterday was going along like any other day . Then when I got home from practice I got the best surprise ever that made yesterday my best birhtday I ever had . My girlfriend drove 9 hours to surprise me and to visit me on my birthday . How greast is that . 

yeah brockport is a nice area . I like when I go out to c&s the bartenders and people there still know me even though I havent been there in so long lol . im not sure if im just gonna commute to brockport a couple of nights and live in buffalo or get an apartment for grad school . got to see whats gonna happen with < PROPFIRST > nowlan when he goes back to . 
only thing to do this week is practice for my 2 wrestlers that made it to the state tournament . no school = no subbing 
I have one wrestler I coached in the finals of the New York wrestling tournament . watching it online right now 
Its official I coached a state champion for wrestling ... 
is bored everyday with my only income is subing whenever they decide to call me . it sucks 
Can't sleep but has been then contless day of no sleep in the past couple of months . Any thoughts to fix this ? 
had a great talk with an amazing girl thanks :) 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA , 14,000 in NY & 17,000 in IL . NJ & Florida are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste 
excited got a great letter in the mail :) 
got my pistol permit now just waiting for it in the mail then i get to pick up my pistol :) 
am I the only one that get pissed when someone tales you then passes you going 25 over when your already going 5 over the speed limit . I hope they get a ticket so i can drive by and laugh to myself 
if only people can read your mind for when your joking or not . it would make things so much easier 
Sick to my stomach right now 
I feel so much better . Thanks for being there and talking it out with me < PROPFIRST > 
got my new toy last night . cant wait to play with it on memorial weekend with some friends . also got the summer job I wanted . great news all around . I'm excited for the summer 
when will life swing in my favor . i hate waiting around for it 
my phone is being gay so . a new one is being sent to me . sorry if i miss anyones text or calls . Il get back to you 
back in buffalo 
me and < PROPFIRST > will be heading down to wing fest < PROPMALE > . see anyone else done there 
already sick of school . just want an actual steady paid job instead of subbing bs maybe il become a security guard somewhere 
another loss for the bills .. but the played better with fitzpatrick 
o night class , please dont drag on tonight 
in brockport for last class of the week . possibly going to the cabin this weekend 
and the bills officially worst team in the league . it prob wont change for the next 5 years lol 
My snowboard is in the shop getting tuned waxed and sharpened . Got my snowboard bag for free . Cant wait for the snow 
don't know why people start a conversation but don't finish it and get preoccupied and busy . If your gonna do something else why bother start talking to someone ... 
Even though the distance is hard I still fall more in love with you everyday :) 
only 2 finals left tues and wed . time to have some fun right now . buzzing my head and gonna do a mohawk for fun lol 
food poisoning sucks ... puking every half hour all day long and cant hold anything down 
gonna check out the lunar eclipse tonight . should happen around 145 
all banks suck and are there to screw over the customers . citizens bank is charging for account statement every month and charge you if you don't have enough transactions every month ... wtf 
the movie law abiding citizen is amazing 
< PROPFEMALE >?* ? • ? ? • ?? CHRISTMAS ? ? * ? *FROM MY HOUSE TO YOURS !! \ 
° ? ° ? * _ ? _____† * ?? ? * ? * ? • ? ? • ?? \ 
? ? • ? • */______/~ ??? ? ?? ? * ? * ? ? * ? *\ 
? ? • ? • ? ????? ? And a BLESSED & HAPPY NEW YEAR !!... to all my FACEBOOK FAMILY AND FRIENDS :) and enjoy 2011 
A teacher somewhere in your neighborhood tonight is preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching television . In the minute it takes you to read this , teachers all over the world are sacrificing their own time and more often than not , investing their own money for your child's literacy , prosperity , and future . Re-post if you are a teacher , love a teacher , or appreciate a teacher . 
j-e-t-s !! 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
wing night 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on Food stamps , Medicaid , or Cash Assistance on your Children or yourself You have to pass a DRUG Test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree re-post . People that work has to take a drug test so should they . Amen .... repost if you agree !!!!! :) 
boarding was amazing . get some jumps and rails and carving up through the trees was the best 
INBOX ONLY : inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me . It will stay between us . Put this as your facebook status and see what you get ! 
who wants to go skiing or boarding < PROPMALE > . it 2/$40 lift tickets for 9 till 4 
correction the 2/$40 skiing and boarding is from 4 till 10 
13 out of 125 figure it out lol 
well out at the bars to have a good time with the friends that care 
erll thanks so much to those people that have wished me the realistic favorites . its nice to know the people that say they are my friends but dont show it . so if you expect something special ... you will only get it for the right circumstances 
had a great weekend . good times catching up with people . 
Tonight was the first night that i have ever seen someone try to turn a bar wall into a drive thru ....... lol holy crap but luckily no one was hurt 
who is celebrating mardi gras ? 
If you love me , ( comment on this status)\ 
If you think I'm a good friend , ( like this status)\ 
If you hate me , ( message me & tell me why)\ 
If you have ever had a crush on me , be honest ( poke me)\ 
If you are not scared , make this your status 
got my new computer . excited . played with the webcam and skype lol . 
Just took the GRE . it was a bitch . just like the SAT but not calculator for the math section which sucked 
