is leaving for South < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow 

is in South < PROPFEMALE > 
is back from South < PROPFEMALE > 
was wondering if anybody wanted to go see transformers 
is really bored 
anyody want to < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow 
yay i talked my parents into giving me a license :) 
these IB books suck 
hates working at a Sky Sox concessions stand 
I guess I better start on the IB essay 
yay i finished my essay 
this english assignment really sucks 
Do we have homework in asian history ? 
anybody wanna chill tonight ? 
Who all is going to the football game cuz I might come ? 
Go Broncos 
IB sucks , I'm gonna probaly be up till 12 tonight doing homework . 
Heck yes , 103% on the biology test and I didn't even study ! Owned ! 
is for some reason in a really good mood . 
RIP < PROPMALE > 
Homecoming was preety sick , would have been a lot cooler if I could actualloy dance though . 
Woah My facebook is super screwed up 
Go Broncos 5-0 
6-0 !!!! Eat It ! 
anyone want to go to mind seizure tonight ? 
I wanted another snow day .... 
Just now starting my TOK essay :( 
Umm the roads are really bad , don't go drive 
Anybody want to chill sometime this break ? 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 48 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , personal or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get ! 
english orals suck 
had an interesting night 
yay tok ... not 
i shouldn't be this tired at 9 : 50 
learned he for sure isn't mexican 
just found some 5th grade slideshow , thats some funny stuff 
It's too early 
umm what is pants on the ground lol 
Is 188 a good score for the PSAT ? 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
not digging the new facebook layout 
wow < PROPFIRST > white is frickin awesome ! 
well today was interesting 
I think I'm the only IB kid who goes to sleep before 11 lol 
anyone wanna chill tonight ? 
got new shoes 
really dosen't want to take the sat 
of course the one day it snows we already have school off lol 
Hey we found a whole litter of kittens in our garage last night and we can't keep them so if anyone wants a cute < PROPFEMALE > just hit me up . 
is tomorrow a blue or gold day ? 
this tok oral sucks 
awesome night 
tok blows besides that life is pretty good though 
being sick sucks 
do people really need to join groups that count to 20,000 . 
why am i not allowed to see my ib scores ? 
I don't think I've ever been this tired . 
just got whooped by my cuz on COD 
does anyone know the password you need to log into JSTOR from home ? 
The extended essay is really starting to blow . 
hey does anyone have an extra ipod usb cord , mine got stolen out of my car lol 
So in Japan I would wear a 3XL lol 
No homework tonight ... it doesen't feel right lol 
I'm feeling so fly like a G6 
kinda regrets not asking anyone to homecoming now 
Is tomorrow a blue or gold day ? 
so i think half the student body at rampart works at < PROPFEMALE > corral 
It's\ 
LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped\ 
your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered \ 
you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put\ 
this on your status if you have an amazing sister !!! 
awesome weekend , that cultural contact thing was pretty fun , i got a 22:13 5k which was pretty cool , and I had an awesome time chilling with my cousin < PROPFIRST > in Pueblo 
yay for getting a cold and the stomach flu back to back within 3 days 
its so hard to keep focused on extended essay 
yay got my extended essay rough draft done 
well that was a cool 5 minute blizzard 
I really wish that they had like timers you could set on facebook that would block you out of facebook for a certain time so that you had to do homework then . 
its so hard to study for the SAT on a friday night 
Type your name : < PROPMALE > Feeback\ 
With your elbow : jkesdsd gfvererbnasasvc \ 
With your nose : j34wewe rfc34e4gh wfrmji8 \ 
With your eyes closed : < PROPMALE > feevacj\ 
Now post it as your status and don't erase your mistakes !!! \ 
Dang I'm pretty good at this 
I think I'm the only one who would be cool with a snow day tomorrow . 
Nothing like late night green chile . 
Why is it forty degrees in florida ? 
Why does d11 have a 2 hour delay and d20 dosen't ? 
awesome day of airsofting :) 
I think Ogelthorpe and Transylvania among others need to learn that I don't want to go to their college . 
Does anybody still need to do their cultural contact thing for spanish ? 
Go Bears ! 
Anybody wanna go snowboarding on the 5th ? It'd probably better if you weren't super experienced since I'm gonna be terrible but anybody is welcome to come . 
Is anyone going up to monarch this weekend ? 
How many words is the world lit paper supposed to be ? 
snowboarding was really fun even though i doubt i'm gonna be able to get out of bed tomorrow . 
Anyone wanna go to the rise against/ bad religion/ four year strong concert at the Fillmore on April 15 ? 
Do the world lit papers need to have a works cited ? 
Free IHOP today and possibly free chick-filla tomorrow ? Sick ! 
got a droid ! 
Go unc ! 
well that sucked 
