I am getting tatted on thursday and off to < PROPMALE > matthews on saturday . should be a heck of a week . 

off to atlantic city tomorrow to do some gambling and see < PROPMALE > gaffigan 
Please don't say anything to me about the Redskins . I know what happened . 
I'm paid !!!! Time to go to the bar tonight ! 
class at 8 , study , discussion , test , study , discussion , test done at 830 ... what a great looking day . 
HELL WEEK ENDS TONIGHT !!! I CAN'T WAIT !!! 
So I go from winning a hundred playing poker Saturday night to needing to get my car towed to the VW dealer because some fuses or something got wet and stopped working correctly . Went from winning 100 dollars to paying out over 800 when all was said and done . SWEET ! 
Bonnaroo line-up looks silly !!! I will be there . 
I am at school and it is 3:30 in the AM . Why ? Not because I have to be . It's because I couldn't sleep so I figured I would get some work done . It sucks getting old and responsible . 
Just Aced yet another test in grad school !!!! 
Did everyone see the story about the Mississippi high school that cancelled prom because one girl wanted to go to prom with her girlfriend . Yea , prom was cancelled for everyone because of a gay teenage couple . bigots 
Happy St. Paddy's Day everyone . ~ ~ Patty is girl's name . 
Just got done watching that movie Precious . It was actually really good . Give it a < PROPMALE > . 
Gotta love that the tournament has started . 
I just want everyone to know that I picked < PROPMALE > to win . Come on < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So ... my bracket is pretty much screwed . I had Villanova winning and Kansas in the final four . Gotta love cinderellas 
Test today . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > concert tomorrow night . Golf on Saturday . Looking like a good couple of days . 
Sometimes I am glad that I am not in < PROPFEMALE > . One such time is now . I don't have to watch the caps blowing it ! 
Did the O's really just sweep Boston ? What's going on here ? Am I dreaming ? 
I know bonnaroo is over a month away but I can't wait . 
Last final of my first year of grad school at 730 in the A.M. ! 
Done ! I'm done ! I'm done the first year ! 
The countdown has begun ... 11 days ! 
10 days ! 
Starting to teach my own class today . Should be an experience . 
Can't believe the ump fucked up that call and cost the guy his perfect game . 
Shot an 89 . Had two birdies . And made a 40 foot putt . Good day . 5 more days !! 
4 days !!!! 
I just found out that I have a < PROPFEMALE > for my class . That means no more grading ! 3 more days !!! 
2 more days !! 
It's days like this that I miss being at Bonnaroo . 
MDMA got you feeling like a champion\ 
The city never sleeps , better slip you an Ambien . 
I've got three applications in to high school positions in Vermont .... everyone cross your fingers ... unless you're driving . 
I hope everyone noticed that the first TD of the preseason was scored by a red raider !! \ 
\ 
P.S. I agree with < PROPFIRST > Rice . I can't believe Rice was inducted into the HOF . 
First day of teaching for the new semester . These kids have no idea what they are in for . 
I think I might join a bowling league . 
So happy the redskins won ! 
Got the new halo and XBOX live . it's actually pretty cool . 
Way to go Skins . Big win ! 
reading ... meeting ... dinner ... sleep ... back to school around 4 in the morning 
The redskins had a tough loss but they put up a good fight . 
Someone stole my fucking iPod today . Sorry for my language . Why would someone steal ? It doesn't make sense to me . To quote The Eagles , \I can't tell you why . \"" 
Stimulating the intelligence of some young folk . ( In other words , I'm teaching . ) 
So , first my iPod gets stolen and then my driver's side mirror gets destroyed by a hit and run driver while I'm in my house . What's the third thing going to be ? 
The Eagles concert on Friday was beyond amazing . Those guys can still rock out . 
Just rocked the casbah out of my topology exam . no more exams until finals ! 
It's 1:50 am 
It is now 1:08 . Call doc brown 
I brought this up to my roommate last night and he disagreed so what do you think ? I hate the automatic first down thing . Last night , it was 3rd and 10 and the 6-7 yard pass to < PROPFIRST > G was in front of him . I'm not saying there was no interference but he would have had to of dived anyway and there were Ravens all around . He would not have gotten the first down . So I say , spot penalty and replay the down . 
No comment 
I can't wait for 4:00 Wednesday afternoon . All my damn finals will be complete for yet another semester . 
Hey . To all of my students , your grades should be up on raiderlink now . I'm sorry it took so long but I didn't feel like doing anything after I finished my finals . I'm sure that is a feeling you can understand . Anyway , I hope you are happy with your grade and if you're not ... 
Watching Sunday night football ... on Tuesday 
Just saw Tron . Decent . Go see True Grit instead 
At the caps game . 
Just went to the most ghetto mcdonalds ever and it was in bwi 
We all go through life asleep . My real life is in my dreams . 
Writing my syllabus for Calc 1 . 
As I was leaving to come to school today , I saw a school bus picking some kids up and I thought , \That sucks to be up that early when it's so cold out and heading to school\ " . Then I realized I'm doing it too . I thought I earned the right to sleep . " 
The good news ? The redskins and ravens are both watching the super bowl but the skins have a higher draft pick . Therefore , the redskins had a better season . 
Pants ? At a time like this ? 
My weather is in the 60's and no clouds 
To all my students : we will have class today like normal unless the school cancels it . As of now , we still have class . And there may be a quiz today 
So ... it's like 15 degrees with 30 MPH winds and ice all over the road . To everyone on the east coast , I'm sorry for rubbing in all my good weather . Kharma is a bitch . 
boredom creeps towards me like death , \ 
it aims to swallow my life and leave me with nothing , \ 
i fight it off with drugs and good thoughts\ 
but it catches up to us all and consumes us wholly , \ 
we hold on to a bit of ourselves\ 
and if we are lucky , \ 
we can one day take back our lives from the grasp of the inevitable 
frost bite warnings yesterday . IN TEXAS ! 
Happy V day . But better yet , nonstop line-up tomorrow ! 
Happy V-Day . Better yet , bonnaroo line-up tomorrow 
To my students : I'm pretty sick today so class is going to be cancelled . Sorry for any inconvenience . Please pass the message along . 
Bought my ticket for bonnaroo today . Year number 3 ! 
Serenity now ! 
So , it's been awhile since I have been on IMDb on the computer because normally I just use my phone . When did they change shit up and make it all difficult and confusing ? 
Done ! Done with college basketball . Louisville and Notre Dame , ya both let me down . Done ! 
I only got 7 hours of sleep last night . Drank no caffeine today . Did some grading , reading , and bowling . And even did a minor workout . Yet , here I am at 6 in the morning wide awake . Can anyone explain that ? 
