when it becomes neccesary to shed past experiences no matter how hard they hurt in order to grow as a human being 

goodmorning < PROPMALE > over \ 
happy new year 
busy busy busy but bored at the same time how the hell does that work !?! 
teething is a BITCH !!! 
Even when i have time i have no time for anything ... i don't know what to do with myself yet i have a million things on my list of shit that needs to get done ... 
i'm brooding ... fuck him waste half my life only to turn out to be this big of a piece of shit !!! 
poor matheu is so sick was at the er till 2 tryin to get his fever down and an antibiotic but he's doin much better now I love my lil man ... 
i am watching cars again for the umptienth time ... i need to find some new movies for matheu to like !!! 
wish i would have learned the first fifteen times ... grrr ... can't wait for my birthday weekend oh yea !!! 
Woo Hoo Matheu busted his first tooth i'm so happy !!! 
can't wait for the weekend !!! happy 22 two Meeeee !!! 
thank you for my happy b-days it was pretty good till everyone else had to ruin it but that's how it is every year ... can't wait for the weekend party party time woo hoo !!! 
Having the Best ( and worst ) MuthaF'n weekend ever Applebee's was awsome the lounge last night was beast and today < PROPFEMALE > at 4:20 bitchs !!! 
He's pushed me to my edge so i jumped off just for him now i'm drowning and he's not gonna save me so i guess i gotta learn how to swim away to save myself !!! 
woo hoo i got a job ... though i think i might be spreading my self too thin lets see how long i can keep this up 
tired as shit ready for some sleep yeauh 
try try try again but will it make a difference idk but as usual we'll see ! 
trust no man fear no ugly ass fat whores ! 
I deserve better for my self and my son and i'm gonna do whatever it takes to do right by us I don't need anyone else !!! Ily Matheu 
“There is nothing that wastes the body like worry , and one who has any faith in God should be ashamed to worry about anything whatsoever\ " , 201 0-0 5-01 18:38:46 " 
i just wanna watch him burn in hell for eternity 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . \ - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
the fourth sucked had my first car wreck can't wait to get a rental and start back at work friday !!! 
too much to do too little time plenty to accomplish in a matter of time ... can't wait to get my own place again just a few more months here !!! 
exhausted everyday but it's all worth it hopefully !!! 
manman is down for a nap it's time to get some cleaning done !!! 
i hate sober < PROPFIRST > ass3s who don't realize what pricks they're bein !!! 
anxious but no clue why ! 
I hate teething it'll never end i swear ... i just want to take a nap !!! 
i am way to exhausted for this day ! 
Matheu is sick an got me sick so now i don't get to go to work tonight and all the money i made this weekend is going to the doctors ... ef my life !!! 
i'm so tired of bein sick already i just wanna sleep !!! 
love the feeling of fall first thing in the morning an last thing at night ... can't wait for the holidays to start ... 
wow drinking is really fun till u realize to drank to much too quick an your laying in the back of a car trying not to puke everystop an wishin everyone would stop talking as u try an make it home two hours after you started drinkin lol !!! 
such a slow night blah ... home now waitin on my lil man to be home !!! 
I got Ponyo by miyazaki i'm so excited to watch it billions of times over and i found three other of his movies i want that i can't wait to get !!! 
got a car n i love it ... work all this coming week can't wait !!! 
Got a phone and it . s my day off oh yea good day 
petty ass bitches get what they got comin to them when < PROPFEMALE > shits on their petty as existance !!! 
Havin fun at mimis yay 
If you knew better youd do better i.d give you the middle finger but i got two better ! 
so it's my day off an i'm not so sure what do to with my self ... hopefully it will be warm enough to take matheu to the park in a little bit !!! 
do not be overcome by evil but overcome evil with good ! 
Dont ask dont tell but at least you can serve your country the best way you see fit go obama got dadt repealed 
I should be asleep right now but i.M not maybe soon maybe lol 
Babys sleepin doing laundry listenin to explosions n the sky feelin way to lonely an depressed sleep should help soon Damn laundry 
my baby got his first two molars yay now how ever many are left to go lol i'm more than ready to be done teething !!! 
this ice crap has got to end ... matheu is standing in the window waving to outside and trying to open the door it's cute but i feel bad for him i know he wants to get out the house ... boredom !!! 
Thanks for all my happy birthdays it was miserable though think this tops the worst ... oh yea lost my job on a technecality an someone else's ego sunday so job hunting hit me up if anyone knows a place hiring !!! 
if your sexy and you know it clap yo hands LoL That's for you < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Good ol medicaide office hope this takes less than 3hrs an matheu stays asleep as long as possible 
it's been a hard week but it's the weekend Yay ! thinkin about going blonde i got the itch an i think i'm going to wing it and do it lol yea !!! 
