happy new year 

baby zee got here just in time for all the celebrations lucky him 
loves her son 
New photos of Zee 
Studying for Exams 
every old is young again but when did everyone young get old ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a GoodNight 
Baby Zee is learning how to sleep through the night everyone cross your fingers ... PLEASE !! =) 
wishes things were as simple as when she was five ... the good old days 
its amazing how confusing things can get so quickly 
first day of classes are great as per usual 
is thinking about lunchables . mmmmmm 
uploaded new photos . 
apparently celebrity look alikes think i look like < PROPFIRST > bledel most of the time so i guess i look like me cause i don't see the similarity 
new phone yay !!!! 
made the < PROPFIRST>'s list !!! lol 
Life is moving quickly but I think I'm keeping up pretty well . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day makes me feel like eating massive amounts of chocolate and watching horror movies in my pjs . Go single people !!!!! 
wonders what all her choices will come to in the end 
doesnt understand the assignment so cant write her paper ahhh 
totally smiling reminiscing and remembering old times memories are sweet 
sorry you'll couldn't comment my pics fixed it now =) 
is everyone sick ...?! 
mmm pizza !!! 
\only with the lord is there peace and love \"" 
frustrated 
apparently my phone got wet hmm .... new phone means no < PROPFIRST > wah !!! 
happy st patricks day 
things always get better 
life can be good 
hmmness 
some things must be left behind in order to progress yourself 
facebook hmm was a good idea til i realized nothing happens on here 
i am a new person 
all my prayers are on your stomach !!! 
lovin it 
sitting here with a bad cigarette wishing i had money for a better one 
new job at jims rocks 
is it ever different ? 
why do people idk add me lol makes me wonder if i am noticed more than i think 
smiling faces 
feeling woozy 
love sucks even when its good 
confused 
i realized today that i wont ever not be yours 
crappy 48 hours finally home yay !!! 
tired out of my mind !!! work was slow 
what can i say except yes 
hellsing ultimate kicks ass 
can i just say that brownies are incredible 
jealous of someone whos jealous of me ... great im a loser 
1st day and im beat five classes back to back uh !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i feel hurt by him even though he isnt doing anything .... 
god damn im glad i didnt make that mistake 
wow i am a fool 
tired of trying with him 
this sucks 
god i wish i had a car a good time could be gone if i dont get one !! 
he isnt in my or z's life ... what did i do ? i should of never of even let him in my life ... now z is gonna pay .... 
tired !! 
its when im alone that my mind wont shutup 
wow just got up feeling kinda lazy damn hmwk 
thanks < PROPFIRST > 
a new way of looking at things 
yay going to my parents til tomorrow ... i could use a small time away 
if i crush on my good friend is that bad ? 
I made a blog on blog.com called life's aa permanent roller coaster check it out sometime 
wowness !!! 
ouchness bio exam i feel so lost in bio !! 
seems like everyone has someone to console them ... 
praying for guidance 
dating is so confusing 
men suck ! 
took some photos with a guy super excited what you think of that one ? 
to much on my mind to share even 
i find myself sitting in a lonely spot again ... i miss them . 
< PROPMALE > is < PROPMALE > lol 
great day !!! 
back at moms 
going out tonight with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > 
Looking forward 
thank god im home from work 
feel rejuvenated by fun at the arcade with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
uh i need to get my days and nights right waking up at four and going to bed at seven so isn't okay with me 
freezing my tatas off brrr 
God damn being 90 pounds in 20 degree weather !!!! 
work work work work ... i wanna play !!!!!! 
everyone says i need a tattoo i got two though one looks like shit and the other is never seen ... hmm guess i know why people keep saying i need one 
Praying I make millions ... aware I'll be lucky if I make $20 . Wish me luck !! 
woohoo $80 on a monday !!! I beasted !!! LOL 
Muching on bagel bites mmm . 
peaceful sleep ... damn sun !!! 
midnight munchies 
trying to make million 
GRR I WISH SHE WOULD GET OUT OF MY BUSINESS 
shes dating him ? hes living with her ? shes calling for what ? omg everything and everyone is everywhere !! 
its been a long night but i made good money and I am ready for another very long night ... i think . 
i feel like i am always working ... off to work . 
just got home from the hospital stupid stupid health . 
sometimes .... 
what would you say if i asked you to be my < PROPFIRST > lol 
if you wanna do something tonight hit me up 970 4278 
\im sorry maam you had five hours to cancel your membership that was adequate time for you to cancel this account thank you\ " ... click " 
showering has always been a great way to start the day ... even if I am starting at three pm . =p 
reality is < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch 
long day trying to find a ride to work 
Too down lately I think I am gonna fly a kite !! 
shows how little my cousin knows me I so would run around in a Mascot outfit . 
Have love , will travel . Hehe here I come < PROPFIRST > !!!!! Text me if you wanna talk ( 210)970-4278 
baby has chicken pox trip canceled . Mom might go but looks like I am trapped at home with no car no work no plans and no $ . WAH 
Watching old movies with my mom who is tired as hell from being sick Zach who has chicken pox and me the only healthy one ... shit !!!! 
thank god for good people id die without them 
feeling really bad about a big mistake !!! so sorry !!! 
baby boy double sick flu and chicken pox .... this week hasn't been easy for him . but he is so cute and cuddly =) 
i just found out someone i went to high school with is dead ... scary ass place earth is . 
Addison Lozano your my hero lol 
bad moods always get better with good people by your side . thanks . 
waking up with too little sleep to someone looking at my house damn moving !! 
Now that the strangers are out of my house goodnight all 
up to early if youll wanna chill call or text me 9704278 
I went to a strip club for the first time and got tipped for standing there . 
if i want sex i can find it , someone actually interested in me .... more rare . =( 
Ahhhhh wanna chill plz text or call me 2109704278 
The view at the tower of americas is beautiful ! 
Drove all the way to san < PROPMALE > to pick up my new car only to discover the guy is a liar ....... still carless . 
work again tonight pray i make millions of bucks lol 
sometimes good things end for this one i cry and say i will always be your bff much love ! 
questioning what the next move is 
im in so much pain 
I have chicken pox ... again . Damn . 
I have never been so openly used by a guy until now i feel like a whore ... 
finally walking around again . Thank god I was so stir crazy . 
Men are so confusing , women are even worse . 
I realized last night talking to my mom that there's no way to please everyone .... just wish I could stop hearing about it . 
my laptop works again i feel free as a bird thank the lord !!!! 
im a monkey ... april fools =P 
interview at 1 and work from 5-11 for sure going out after that hellish day 
might be getting a car today 
I am not learning spanish to get a job in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
ahhhh what the heck . Poke me if you ever had a crush on me , Like this status if you think im a good friend , Message me a ' ? ' if you ever wanted a relationship with me . Comment on this if we have had good memories . now lets see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status . 
Ever have one of those nights where you know you are being a huge idiot yet cant stop .... oive that was so my night last night ... im a tard . 
i have to take a 3 hours bus ride please please please text me 2109704278 
sometimes i wish things were totally different . 
If your mom is a hardworking woman , is your hero , helped you no matter of how bad you were or what kinda trouble you were in or was just the Best Mom Ever , if you still have her or even if she is your angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Mother . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Mom . ? 
so glad the drama with my ex is over maybe now a better man will come along to rock my world lol . =P 
If anyone has any idea how I can make a quick $1500 please throw it my way . 
Pretty sure im losing my job wed happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ... 
\You grow up the day you have your first real laugh ... at yourself . \ " -Ethal Barrymore " 
booya so changed boring facebook into fun zombie cats lol 
1 hour 
sometimes i feel like i am freshly single but with my bday so close it feels like its been forever ... 
my boss fired me because i called fri to say i wouldnt be at work fri or sat and that counts as a no show on sat . fuck jims . 
trapped at home wishing i could go somewhere so that at 12 I could get my first drink 
going to the < PROPFEMALE > pub at 12 to buy my first drink yay for bdays !!!! 
Its my birthday ill cry if i want to ... o shit i don't wanna cry . 
so far my bday has rocked hope it keeps getting better 
dinner with family then out drinking if u wanna join 2109704278 
Going to jiggers around 9 or 930 anyone can join 
Happy Easter to everyone !!!! 
great day 
I left my phone where I was hanging . So if you hit me up and I don't answer I'm sorry . I should get it back around noon . 
I AM SO FUCKING SICK OF MEN AND THEIR PENIS ' TRYING TO TELL ME WHAT TO DO ! ONE MORE GUY TRIES TO USE HIS \LOVING\ " ME TO GET IN MY PANTS I AM GONNA CASTRATE HIM . " 
the stars look beautiful tonight 
Sometimes I make myself look retarded and all I can do is the V8 smack on the head . good gracious I'm silly . 
Today I am busy doing a whole lot of nothing !!!!!!! 
I have a few tobacco pipes if anyone wants to buy them hit me up at 2109704278 
Tomorrow is my first day on the new job . EEEEEEK I'm nervous . 
