I get mad when i dont get first , second , or third in track . Someday I will beat my time . 

Got back home from a track meet . Almost passed out in the 600 . I will get first place someday . 
Got home from a track meet . Almost passed out in the 600 . I will get first place someday . 
Cant think of anything else but track . First place will be mine someday . 
I have 2 say that i absolutely LOVE running . But one thing , stupid track meet next monday . The championship thats whats next week . 
Good luck to those who are competing at Yale tomorrow . Hope u guys do well . 
I hate math . Yuck ! 
I hate math yuck ! 
Track meet . Did really bad in the 1000 . I hate the 1000 . 
Hopefully ill ace that global midterm 
Hates school 
< PROPFEMALE > bored , nothing to do 
Cant wait to get my permit this summer ! 
still hates school 
Going to Rochester for the weekend 
Track practice tomorrow . :( 
Tired 
Bored . Sick . 
Sick . Still bored 
Track practice at 3 
Scrimmage today 
Not looking forward going back to school . Having to deal with stupid tests and waking up early and having to go through the warzones of people blocking up the hallways when trying to get by 
Track meet against east in two days . They're going down ! 
Its my birthday . Turning 17 on Friday ! 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays !! 
Won against Williamsville East in the cold , rain . PR in the 1500 ! 
Track meet invitational at Williamsville North tomorrow . Hopefully to get another PR . 
West Track & Field :) 
Can't wait for the summertime to begin ! 
Outdoor Track Banquet today 
No exam tomorrow ! Hopefully no summer school . This summer is gonna be a blast hanging out with my best friends-track friends every day ! 
Math exam today . 
Two more weeks to go to Ohio ! 
Dont have to go to summer school all summer !! Just review clasess in August . Still cant wait for Ohio but also , hanging out with my best friends-track friends ! 
Is bored 
FOUR MORE DAYS TILL OHIO !!!! Cant wait !!! 
Having fun in Ohio 
Cross Country practice tomorrow 
I love running in the rain and through mud- especailly during cross country meets 
Went running at the ridge today . Sprained my ankle while running so fast down a hill . But good thing is no broken bones :) 
Hmmmm . Im wondering if I should stick with running or go back to doing karate . 
three more weeks till xc camp ! 
I'm still deciding if I should go back to Karate . Maybe in a few weeks or so and probably quit running ? I don't know 
Three more days till school - ugh ! I wish summer could be alot longer . Another thing , three more days till we run against east , on the FIRST day of school . Oh boy . Im not ready to run . 
Cross Country meet tomorrow 
Cross Country invitational tomorrow at West's own course 
four days !!!! 
leaving to go to pawling tomorrow for the overnighter 
cross country invite tomorrow 
cross country meet at orchard park tomorrow at 4:45 pm 
Good job west xc 
ECIC's tomorrow 
so mad that i didnt pr in ecic's 
I miss summer !! 
cross country banquet tomorrow , then first practice of indoor track the next day 
Indoor track today !! 
Glad to have a snow day , hopefully another one tomorrow . This weather is crazy 
So bored . Just feel like I want to do nothing for the rest of the weekend . Im ready to delete some of my best friends that are pissing me off 
Im sick of my life . Only thing I really like is running and my family and my second cousins ! 
School is < PROPFEMALE > boring . Except that I was laughing so hard of the first few classes , Other than that , my life is < PROPFEMALE > stupid and dumb 
track meet tomorrow 
track meet today 
did good in the thousand . so glad i got a pr 
ran the 3000 today at fredonia 
Sick today . Sooo bored 
probably goin out for a run and a long distance bike ride this weekend 
truth is ... 
Actions speak louder than words . Its not right to be mean to people that you dont necessarily like 
Couple more weeks till outdoor track 
Counting down how many days to when outdoor track starts . Cant wait for first practice !! 
First day of outdoor track tomorrow and after that , indoor track banquet 
Track meet on tuesday against springville at west's own track @ 4:00 . Then on friday track meet against east at west's track at 4:30 this week 
I hate track meet blizzards 
