I'm celebrating my end of the decade by eating Chinese food , camping at my computer with a live stream of New Year's celebrations all over the world , and , last but not least , playing MW2 . What are you guys doing for New Years ? 

It's officially 2010 . Time to tackle my new year's resolutions . First off : Fan club . 
Two of my New Year's resolutions are already done . 
What is there to do at 5:30 in the AM , exactly ? 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s Excellent Adventure is on . I love this movie . 
Allons-y ! 
I'm burning up in the atmosphere of sloth and crash-landing into reality with my right foot forward . 
It's about 2 in the AM , and I plan on writing a research paper and a project for religion . Let's do this . 
So I just found out the Gage from Pet Sematary ( yes , Pet Sematary ) also shares my middle name . Weird . 
YES . Goal for my vacation completed . Now I can work on schoolwork without worrying about prestiging in MW2 . 
Google Books , thank you . You've solved all my problems . 
Well , I might as while start this religion project now . 
Excessive use of the word ' bro ' leads to brain damage . I said so , so it must be scientific , finite fact . 
just got back from Team Tennis , now baking some food and chillaxin ' . 
is watching the Mad < PROPMALE > trilogy , Burn Notice , and is working on the SMDB . 
just woke up . Back to work on the SMDB . Maybe grabbing something to eat beforehand . Because food is important , you know . 
is jammin ' to whatever is on Pandora , working on the SMDB , thinking of film ideas , and gaming . No , not all at the same time , silly ! 
just got back from teaching , lounging around now . 
watched Run Fatboy Run , and is now typin ' , typin ' away . 
just made one of those Twitter things . 
just watched part of Mad < PROPMALE > . Awesome movie , thus far . 
just got complimented on his ability to talk philosophy . Feels like a fucking genius . Listening to some Imogen Heap , and heading off to bed . 
just got up and showered . Biking downtown to grab something to eat . 
just watched a bit more of Mad < PROPMALE > . Still awesome . Watching < PROPMALE > Pains and playing L4D now . 
bought a cool belt . 
is really tired . Not much to do tonight . Needs plans for next week . 
just got out of the shower . Oh wait . 
made a to-do list . It's rather long D: 
just woke up , again . I need a better sleeping schedule . 
is playing < PROPFEMALE > , writing , watching History International , listening to Pandora , and talking to machinimator friends . Oh yeah , and still working on the SMDB . And twittering . Night life ? Hell yes . 
is heading off to bed . I'll see everyone around six in the afternoon . 
just got up . * Rubs eyes . * 
is listening to The Fratellis and an assortment of various artists . That and cleaning up some stuff . 
was out at the Arts and Ideas Festival helping with the tennis lessons , and then perusing around a bit . It was great ! 
is going to ( attempt to ) finish the SMDB updates . Next up : brainstorming . 
just got up , happy father's day . Out to the Arts and Ideas festival for a bit , then back here for a picnic . 
is listening to Justice , and is about to sit down with a good book and read . 
is going to write . I'm determined to . 
is working on a machinima entry to a contest , and listening to Feist . Basically , I'm playing \try to not sleep for two days until you finish this machinima\ " . Deadline is tomorrow . " 
is listening to some < PROPFIRST > Prydz . And thinking about canceling lessons for today . 
is out to teach , then back here to film some scenes . 
just got back , deadline's in nine hours , and waiting on some updates . 
is writing down/planning out . 
is going to switch over to W7 . It looks so shiny . 
is getting an FPS readout in Java from FRAPS . It's low too :( 
is recording some scenes . Needs to fix some sound issues . Deadline's in four hours . 
is installing W7 . Can't make the deadline for my machinima :( 
just watched an awesome episode of The Leet World . Smooth Few just keeps getting better and better . 
is now on Windows 7 . It's great . 
looks like he has a < PROPFIRST > Petrelli haircut . 
just got back from tennis/mowing a lawn . Laying down to watch Burn Notice/Royal Pains . A most excellent day . 
is watching < PROPMALE > Pains . Tired out . Lucky me , I have nothing to do . 
just helped a newbie on < PROPFEMALE > . I feel good inside . I get a day off today ! Most likely will be up and biking around 10 . Later , Facebook . 
just got back from Yale Med . I'd love to volunteer there . 
is listening to some Pandora , and considering writing . 
is enjoying a day off . 
Listening to some Superbus ( seriously ) , and playing Team Fortress 2 . 
Is considering buying Windows 7 . ( As opposed to stealing it ? No . ) 
is looking at plays at the Yale Rep. I want to see another . 
is installing some stuff to make W7 look prettier . 
is up , and out and about . 
McDonalds : The place where all the [ hip ] old people are at . I'm afraid to go back . 
is out to teach , then back here . I'm probably going to end up asleep before 8 . 
just got back from teaching . Ordering pizza , and relaxing . Starting that Aspirations program at Yale tomorrow . Which means I have to wake up early ... 
is heading to bed early . Text if you want to chat still . 
just got back from Yale , great day . Went out for a quick run , went well . I think I'll chill inside for the rest of the day , because it's raining . 
is doing homework . Your guess is as good as mine . 
is going out to Target/Best Buy . Basically , avoiding writing an essay . 
is going to bed . Yale tomorrow , then even more busy afterward . 
going to teach , mowing a lawn ( maybe ? ) and then back here . Fallout 3's on sale , you know what I'll be doing for the weekend . 
wants to go out and do something , because he hasn't bought F3 yet . 
is tireddddddddddddd . Going to bed . 
just got back from a day downtown . Basically , listen to my sister and her friend bitch at me while I walk around . Did see some good stuff at the Yale < PROPMALE > Museum , though . 
is listening to some Postal Service and hoping to play some Team Fortress 2 by the end of tonight ( Windows is bork'd . ) 
is watching Current TV's Pod Bless marathon , and sitting outside . Relaxing . 
Maybe if I post lyrics in my status updates , I'll be cool too . :( 
is sitting in his backyard watching fireworks . Awesome day of relaxation . 
is listening to Haddaway , and heading off to get some work done . 
People stalk me via Facebook . I'm scared . 
just finished four hours of work , and is now working on some homework . 
just bought Fallout 3 ! Awesome ! 
has Yale in the morning , but doesn't want to go to sleep . Fallout 3 :( 
is listening to some < PROPFEMALE > before bed . 
just fixed Windows , again . Maybe teaching later ? Maybe not . 
is soaking wet . Rain's cool like that . 
is going to go take a nap . Barely slept last night . 
Fallen Earth beta is really buggy . Not anything I want to play again soon . 
is listening to 99 Luft Balons , and playing < PROPFEMALE > . 
is wiped out . Going to get some rest before tomorrow and Friday . 
just got home from Yale , going to go teach in a bit . Then back home for Burn Notice/Royal Pains . Trip tomorrow ! 
is listening to < PROPFIRST > Penate , and playing < PROPFEMALE > . Teaching in an hour . 
is watching Burn Notice and < PROPMALE > Pains . Then bed . Text me when you see this , Maddy , haha . 
is messing around with some poetry/prose feature anaphora . Gage < PROPFIRST > is pretty good at this anaphora stuff . 
loves dystopian fiction . ( Children of Men , anyone ? ) 
iz chilen leik broz chil lmao . ( Is that even legible ? ) 
is going to the movies , be back later . 
just got back from the movies with Maddy . Had a good time , despite being tired D: 
So I just got a request to help save cats and dogs from being used as live shark bait . I didn't know they still did that . 
out to tennis match later , wish me luck ! Then I can actually lay around for the rest of the day . 
just got home , got my ass kicked for the most part in tennis , haha . Relaxing , for once . 
finally has a new profile picture . Other one was pretty old . 
is listening to < PROPMALE > McLean . That and watching < PROPMALE > Pains . 
is arguing which 80's artist/song is the best with Maddy . I don't know if it's possible to figure it out . 
is thinking Fagottron/Pogo should release an album . The music is so damn good . 
found his day to be surreal . I'm running off of the natural high of life . 
is going down to the Westville picnicccccccccccc 
just walked down to the ' Friends of Edgewood Park ' picnic . On the way I saw that someone had tried to spray-paint ' Who Watches the Watchmen ?, \ except \ " Watchmen\ " was \ " Watch\ " . I am disappoint . " 
saw his sister got a tattoo . What the hell ? 
is avoiding doing homework . 
just wrote a children's story based around the flow of blood through the heart . It can be done . 
Feist is awesome . Entourage soon . Yale tomorrow . 
is going to play some NEOTOKYO . 
just traced his profile < PROPFEMALE > back to when he joined Facebook . Damn , I was immature . 
is asking what happens when one travels into the tenth dimension . srsly . 
is eating a crepe with Nutella . :3 
is out to get some stuff done , and then out to teach . 
just got back from teaching . Writing up some papers . 
is listening to the Postal Service , and wondering about relationships . 
is thinking about how Maverick WAS the bad guy . 
just woke up with some Daft Punk serenading him . Didn't go to Yale today on account of being overtired ; I needed this sleep ! 
is listening to Owl City and thinking about what he should do with his day off . 
just got Google Chrome . I like it . 
is writing an essay based around no current idea . Just kinda wingin ' it . 
just saw the trailer for \Daybreakers\ " . Something to redeem the vampire franchise ? Sounds good . " 
is heading out to teach . 
is damn tired . Just got back from three and a half hours of tennis . 
is listening to a-ha and reading The Evolution of God . Awesome read so far . 
just got back from the Critereon . < PROPMALE > Potter was benign . More of a fill-in story-wise than productive , actiony storytelling . 
is DEFINITELY going to see 9 when it comes out . But not in the emo/scenetard stereotypical sense . 
is going to open a blog where he can harshly criticize films and shower good films with glorious , yet hypocritical , ecstasy-inducing compliments . 
just jogged home from Yale . Damn good run , I might add . 
is going to go and watch The International . Clive < PROPMALE > is the biggest badass ever . 
is going to watch Children of Men . I just sat through The International , and need some movie therapy . 
is twittering on Facebook while twittering on Twitter . I'm a socially networked kind of guy ! 
has Yale in the morning . Off to bed , then . 
It really isn't a status update if you say you're bored . ( Or the variation of \board \") . I'm going to start treating Facebook like Twitter . " 
finally decided to map today . I'd say for my first attempt in a while , I did pretty well . Torchwood special , day two . 
is working later ? Hope so , I've got to pay a < PROPMALE > for my overpriced data plan . 
I just got back from UConn , it was alright . Kind of eh . Free food was good though . 
was mildly disappointed by Torchwood . Apparently five episodes makes a series ? I'll stick to the Doctor , thank you . 
is listening to some playlists on Muxdos , and then heading out to Water's Edge . Tennis in Old Saybrook later . 
is back from Old Saybrook . Didn't get to the Water's Edge , but Watchmen's my compensation . 
Apparently my dad has a Twitter . I'm going back to listening to Pogo . 
has a day off to finish some real stuff , like games I never finished , or that episode of < PROPMALE > Pains . 
is eating steak , and watching Watchmen , finally ! 
is watching the Watchmen . 
is home from my day out at an arcade . Was pretty fun . Tennis later at < PROPMALE > Cross . In the meantime , I'm going to go finish up Watchmen . 
I can't find this one Birdy < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > song on iTunes , and it's annoying me . Other than that , back from Goodwill , and now I'll go and cook something . 
I feel like going out for a jog . I'm considering it . 
is heading off to bed , hopefully . 
is home from volunteering at the Goodwill , and now it's time to study for finals . Last day of Aspirations tomorrow , and then Sunday it's off to D.C. 
is off to study for finals some more . 
just got home from a long day out . Exams , community service , and tennis are all done . Tomorrow and Saturday for packing/work , and then I'm off to D.C. 
is finding his overtired body fighting the impulse to sleep . 
just got back from a job , pretty easy . Cleaning up my room and desk , and then I'll be lounging around for today and tomorrow . 
is jammin ' out to some Pendulum and playing Fallout 3 . Gaming therapy ; now that's my style of therapy . 
It's become rather apparent that rain offsets my mood . 
You know , I love it when kids think they're smarter or tougher than you . I love it even more when you return the gesture , and they block you because they're scared . 
is off to bed . Yesterday was an eventful night . So what's the craziest thing you've done lately ? 
is taking his sister to her friend's house via the city bus . Sadface . 
I've decided I'm going to attempt to finish the whole UT3 campaign in six hours . Just before I leave for DC . 
is at Pentagon Mall on a Macbook . 
is back from DC ! Time to ... unpack , move furniture , shower , or sleep ? I think I'll do all of them ! 
I feel like starting up a new film project . And I want to learn how to play the piano again . You see , I'm feeling awfully ambitious , and rather impulsive . 
Is it this hard to get a new email address via Gmail ? 
is heading out to teach . Be back around 7:30 -ish . 
I'm seriously going to have to go out and buy an iTunes card for the intensive purpose of buying the Tron Legacy soundtrack . 
I need to buy a tripod soon . 
I'm out to play some tennis , followed by an awards ceremony later tonight . Wish me luck ! 
I just got back from that awards ceremony . Racking up awards was fun . Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh ! Let's watch some Current TV . 
I'm all covered in dust . Wheeeeeeee ! I could really use a warm shower right now . 
Fresh feeling from the shower = best fresh feeling ever . 
Hahah , nice ! RT @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Watching some old Beauty & the Beast clips . Oh wait ... 
I think I've had enough nostalgia for one night . Off to bed ! 
I want to go out to the Critereon later tonight . I'm thinking The Hurt Locker . 
Is it going to rain , or is it going to stay cloudy ? Who knows . 
With Windows stabilized , I think I can format and swap over to a non-flash drive version . 
I'm making a to-do list . Should be fun . 
Finally , a day off tomorrow ! Bed , and then I'll be catching up on anything I can . 
Have you ever had one of those days where you don't do much of anything ? Today's one of those days for me . I guess it's a break from reality . 
I just had a butterfly effect moment , where all the nice things I've been doing had repercussions on me . Good repercussions , though ! 
To Subway ! 
I want to be a Ghostbuster . 
So I'm finally writing my resume . Should be fun . 
just finished his preliminary resume ! Looking alright thus far , probably will get some tweaking done later today . 
I don't like it when people purposefully stalk me over the internet . It's just creepy . Especially when they're my own age . 
I just had four burgers from < PROPFEMALE>'s , and I know I'm going to pay for it later . Oh , and I just had someone make a Twitter just for the intensive purpose of stalking me . < PROPFIRST > Fazzino must really love me . 
Seems like I'm reconnecting with all my old friends . Awesome . Considering sleep right about now , but this Section 8 beta is so damn good . 
I'm not feeling so hot today . Sleeping and reading . 
Those kids in Degrassi have been in high school for quite some years now . 
Vick to Eagles ? Well , I can't make a witty pun about dogs . 
Gabe Newell , I am disappointed . 
I really want to see District 9 . 
Anyone want to go and see District 9 at the Criterion tonight around 7 ? 
The spam box is a wonderful , magical place where I find the most interesting things . Apparently I won the Yahoo lottery , but I have a Google account . 
is watching Hercules . Makes me want to read some Greek Mythology . 
It must be Disney marathon day on ABC Family . 
Summer reading at 3:30 in the morning ? Sure , that sounds like something I'd do . 
is up and about . Working on a better schedule right now . 
Throwing that cool new Windows 7 RC onto my spare HDD . 
Welcome to Goodburger , home of the Goodburger . May I take your order ? 
Well , my bike now has a seat . I got a super secret device that keeps it locked on too . 
XP is slowly imploding , so I need to fix it . Uh oh . 
This is a status update . It contains no update , nor is it a status . What is it , then ? 
is up early . Feels good . 
is listening to The Clash . Teaching a bit later today . 
I'm loving Skyfire for Windows Mobile . 
Cleaning , summer reading , and being listening to some music . Glorious day . 
Going to the Water's Edge tomorrow . Cool . 
Americone Dream is like an orgasm of awesome in my mouth . ( No lewd reference intended . ) 
just got back from the gym . Tired out completely . 
Someone breaking into your car , and stealing credit cards , checks , and cash : not a good thing . The person that stole them using the credit card at a local Citgo to buy gas : PRICELESS . 
Back and forth from the Pilot Pen . Going to be there tomorrow , Sunday , and Monday , as well as Thursday . Fun ! 
When it's dark at 5:30 , you know something is up . Maybe I should watch Twister . 
So I got promoted ( promoted applies here ) to an Ambassador at the Pilot Pen today . I'm official , yo . 
is off to cool down after a long day at the Pilot Pen . 
Just finished up my day with Maddy and the Pilot Pen . Perfect day . 
Heading to bed in a few , then Pilot Pen tomorrow . Tell me if you're going to be there . 
Is MySpace dead yet ? I haven't seen or heard about that site in ages . 
Pilot Pen later with < PROPMALE > . Should be fun . 
< PROPFIRST > Querrey is awesome . 
Heading back to the Pilot Pen soon , going to watch a night match . 
You know , I think that the musical score to Mirror's Edge was better than the actual game . 
is heading over to the Pilot Pen to work , and then will be getting some summer reading done . 
Well , the HTC Shadow gave up on me . Hey , maybe I can get the MyTouch 3G ! 
is shopping around for a new phone from T-Mobile . Any suggestions ? 
I love watching fights on Facebook , they're awfully cute . That , and they're entirely public . 
Back from the Pilot Pen . The Acasuso match isn't really worth it when I need the sleep . 
Last day of work at the Pilot Pen tomorrow . Should be fun . Goodnight . 
is listening to some MGMT . Anyone know if cross country practice at ND has been cancelled for tomorrow ? 
just got back from cross country practice . It was awesome . Eating a chicken parm . sandwich , and running out the door to the Pilot Pen for the rest of the day . 
Heading over to the Pilot Pen after a long nap . Eat your protein . 
is finishing up his summer reading , cleaning , and realizing his books haven't come in yet . Awesome . 
Pogo is the only musician who can create a great ambiance feeling , while creating a huge nostalgia effect . Give him a listen if you've ever got time . 
Going to take a shower , finish up summer reading , get ready for tomorrow , and clean . 
Good luck to anyone starting high school today , and best of luck to those who are starting a new year . 
is heading off to school , followed by cross country . Most excellent . 
I've never had that much fun sweating my face off . Cross country was a great workout , and school went pretty well , as far as I'm concerned . Rinse and repeat tomorrow . 
Bed . Totally wiped out from today . Rinse and repeat . 
Finished most of my homework , but unfortunately , my books haven't ( won't ? ) come in , so I'll have to explain my way out of it tomorrow . 
Taking a shower , finishing up some research for U.S. History , eating some dinner , and then heading to bed . 
According to my sore body , it's time for bed . I'm going to go do just that . 
School , cross country , homework , chatting with people , sleep . 
My sister ate the ice I was supposed to ice my shins with . 
just set up his step-dad's laptop . I like it so much , I might buy one for myself . So , might be doing that soon . I need some mobility anyway . 
doesn't have school tomorrow , but does have cross country . At least I've got endorphins . 
It seems like every time I'm on the city bus , no one wants to sit next to one another . It's creepy . 
I thought today was Saturday . 
I don't understand why Farmville is so popular . Am I missing out , or will it just go away ? 
is biking to cross country practice , and then running for a good two or three hours . Then , I figured I'd get some work/homework done . Today will be a good day ! 
The world is yours , relax , have fun with it . 
just got back from a six mile run to the West Haven beach and back , working out , and biking back and forth from ND . I need food . 
Without a phone until I actually get a new one . Basically , I have to wait another month until I can actually pay for one myself . 
is heading out to a party later . 
Plans got cancelled . I guess I'll just be hanging out for the rest of the day . 
Weird . I'm getting status updates from all over time . Yesterday , today , three days ago , even a week ago . Facebook must be in 4-D now . 
I love Autumn ; it feels rejuvenating to me . Going to go enjoy the cool , crisp air outside . 
is doing the last of his homework , and eating a chicken sandwich . Delicious ! 
I don't understand this hip new show Secret Life . Are they supposed to talk about sex and teenage pregnancy ALL THE TIME ? :( 
Even around 10:45 at night , there still isn't a dull moment in my household . Tonight , quite possibly , will be a long night of waiting for news . 
Google , I don't want an essay of youth culture in the 50's . I just want information . 
Do the D-A-N-C-E , one , two , three , four , fight , stick to the B-E-A-T , get ready to ignite . 
Going to bed . I really want to see 9 , because it looks so damn interesting . 
Current TV . ' Nuff said . 
Cross country practice got cancelled . :( 
That Obama education speech wasn't socialist propaganda . I don't see why it was bad . 
Shower time , shower time , I really think it's shower time . I'm awesome at this music thing . 
I don't know if it's good or bad that I found my high school's president on Facebook . 
Oh , Apple . Apparently , the new iPod Nano shoots video . 
is off to bed . I don't have a song for that . Cross country in the morning , and then something ...? 
just got back from cross country , now I'm going to take a shower , go out to cross for a tennis tournament , and then possibly 9 or the North Haven fair ? 
I'm totally going to see Zombieland . 
Alright , off to Cross for a tennis tournament , and then either Plainville to the movies , or to the North Haven fair . 
So I just saw 9 . It was good , and I can't criticize a children's movie . That's like running in the speedwalking portion of the Olympics . 
Bangarang removed due to copyright claims from Sony , writing up an application for Hopkins , doing homework , fixing up a resume , and looking forward to a possible trip to < PROPFIRST > over the summer . 
The good : Painter Park is the best park ever . The bad : The entire VMAs . The ugly : People getting mad because Kanye stated his opinion . I'm so good at this . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Tagging in posts ? WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY ? 
Bed . Simply that . 
Wait , half of these \resources\ " are either broken or useless . This is horrible . " 
Productive night . This project is practically done ! 
Done with that research/project . Bed . 
MOM ! This game should be a lot , LOT faster ! 
is finishing up this last bit of a project , eating a baked chicken and an apple , and icing his legs . My body is worn down , but recovering . 
might , quite possibly , have strep throat . Finishing this project , listening to Passion Pit , and hoping to get back to school tomorrow . 
It feels like I just hit a brick wall . 
So I just got a letter from Aspirations , and I thought it was my grades . Turns out that Mrs. Beaver actually just wants someone to walk her dog . 
My throat is itchy . 
Teenage relationships : What a blast ! 
hey guys i learned something cool today 
is going to that mixer tonight . coal 
i should buy that new muse album 
is getting some homework done , and going out later . 
is heading out for a run , then out to get a haircut . Downtown later , maybe ? 
just spent almost four and a half hours on the phone . Luckily it's a weekend so I didn't lose any minutes . 
This new Windows 7 commercial is rad . 
Oh , it's rock the CASBAH . As in the middle east . Not rock the cash box . 
You should be in bed . 
oh jesus tomorrow i'm going to have so much work to catch up on in school because i've too been busy reading the twilight saga to go 
< PROPFEMALE > Mei < PROPMALE > is an amazing person 
I'm loving this remix of Beat It by Boys Noize . It's called Eat It . 
oh yes just what i wanted an electronic dictionary so i can look up words on the fly 
these compression shorts are like a corset for my butt 
1 question , no honest answer . You can ask me one question ( get out of my inbox ) Any question , as long as it's about Russia . No matter how awkward it can be , I'll answer it as hilariously as possible . I'd dare you to put this as your status but I'd rather mess up this chain status . 
doing that school thing , it's kind of underhyped 
i'm so hungry i could eat a small child 
nevermind guys , i'm eating pirogies . they're like infant pieces 
whoa , i finally got those grades from aspirations . maybe now my school will give me the one and a half credits they owe me 
well i finished my stereotypically nerdy class officer speech . i'm totally going to win this election with the one sentence in this speech 
< PROPFEMALE > Mei < PROPMALE > is now officially in my status again . awesome right ? 
oh jesus saw six already brace for repetitive traps 
these pizza flavored gold fish are AMAZING and i need plans for tonight , unless i'm feeling lazy 
guys i'm a shark 
take on me just started playing ; my night is now completed fully and happily 
this yale < PROPMALE > game is good , i approve 
just watched meet the robinsons . it was way better than most movies i see 
is going out to branford to < PROPFEMALE>'s game . i'll be back eventually 
toy story 1 and 2 in 3D i know how i'm spending my october second 
tonight was an enjoyable night 
this fly is attacking my head nonstop and it's starting to get annoying 
nevermind i killed it 
it's half past seven so that means it's my bed time 
just woke up to some passion pit and an absurd amount of notifications . today will be a good day 
just found some binoculars in his closet . this essay can wait . 
Today was the most unproductive day I've ever had . I enjoyed it thoroughly . 
time for bed , time for bed , i'm really quite a lyrical genius . oh , and tagging < PROPFEMALE > Mei < PROPMALE > because i feel like it 
make a silly face when you're injured , it makes it fun 
Sorry babe , gotta save the world from a zombie apocalypse 
I've got icy-hot pads on my shins , and I got elected to student council . Today is a good day . 
we are winners tonight ND 
Going to bed once these questions are finished . 
Whoa , it has been one busy day today . InfoMania and Rotten Tomatoes please 
Today has been a busy day . I want to sleep . 
so who else wants to see zombieland 
Facebook poll time : Grow a beard ? 
I wonder : is it possible to graduate Notre Dame a year early ? 
I believe I'm going to that Apple Harvest Festival tomorrow . Anyone else going ? 
Anyone want to see Zombieland today ? 
holy jesus it's pouring outside and now i need to delay even further going out to see zombieland 
Starting in two and a half days , I'm on a quest to find those Red Bull Energy Shots . Competing against the Yalies should be fun 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is now a comedy god . 
Well that's not good . Apparently when I scratched off an iTunes gift card , it scratched off the serial too . Will return it in the morning for a new one . 
YES ! GOOGLE VOICE ! 
Google Voice number : ( 203 ) 493-1642 
is now on a quest to take the best picture of himself ever . 
Shower , work , and then I have the choice between getting a lot of work done or going to the Apple Harvest Festival . If anyone cool is going to be there , I'll go . 
had to run to his mom's car to get her money and credit card which she left in the car WITH THE WINDOW OPEN . Subsequently , my shins are killing me now . Getting all my homework done , and seeing how I feel in a bit . 
has now successfully spent three hours listening to The Flaming Lips and getting work done . Today is a great day . 
Cleaning , working , sipping some English tea , and listening to Passion Pit . Today was a good day . 
I'm in love with Google Voice . All I need is my new myTouch and the circle will be complete . 
Some of my teachers are geniuses , somehow they managed to mess up my grades even further . 
I still have to write a paper and type up notes . I want to go to bed by 10 . Can I do it ? I hope so . 
My dad is not a cell phone . 
Why is the spacing in my outline off . It's bugging me . 
I'm finishing this outline , and going to bed . 
In my essay : I meet Barack Obama and decide to become President . This is going to be fun . 
Relaxing into my Monday night routine . Shower , dinner , gaming , and Heroes . This is how Mondays are meant to be spent . 
Heroes was alright . Next week's episode will be WAY better . 
Let's take a ride in an electric car . 
iTunes U has Georgetown videos . My life is just nigh of complete . 
To bed ! 
Off to see the doctor ! Hopefully I'll be able to find out what exactly is wrong with my legs . 
Wait , why can I upload in singles but not multiple photos ? 
How many more people can mistake me for being from the UK ? 
I didn't get extra credit points for my ' Fresh < PROPMALE > of Bethlehem ' rap . So disappointed . 
One project down , one to go . 
I keep on getting SocialInterview posts clogging up my wall . This is not good . 
Having $0.95 in your iTunes account , when a song is $0.99 is probably rage-worthy . 
Uh . I believe I've got work today . Goodnight . 
No school . No practice . Rainy day . Tomorrow will be a great day . 
I don't understand how having 2,000 friends even makes sense . Or how you can be friends with every single one of them , either . 
I decided to sleep in , so I missed a phone call about work for today . This means I have no plans for today . This is very good . 
Confi- Oh wait , no , I'm agnostic . 
Whoa , I finally got my free burger coupon . I wish I could use it now . 
I want the musical score to Machinarium . It's beautiful . 
I'm going to reward my laziness with a nice warm shower . Followed by more laziness . 
Pictures are up guys . Now you can see just how seriously I take school tests . I don't know how I keep straight A's either . 
I need a new super-reclusive and indie social networking site so that I can be so far out that I'm actually in . 
Absolutely awesome . 
is going to not spend money for the next month . This is the ultimate challenge . 
Goodnight , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Good morning , < PROPFIRST > Penate . I wonder if those Red Bull cars driving around New Haven were alluding to anything . I saw three yesterday . 
I want that Google Wave invite . Just need that , and my Google Trifecta will be complete . 
That was the nerdiest experience I've ever had . Hands down . 
I am SO going to win the L4D WanFest tournament this fall . I've got a pro team and everything . 
That was one cold morning practice . Shower , please . 
just got back from the mall . I harassed this angry lady at the Halloween store because she was yelling at the employees for no reason . After I left , there was this huge argument . I think I incited a brawl . 
My house is cold . 
Thanks Facebook , I'm ten years younger thanks to your team of dedicated workers . 
I have to pay eighteen dollars to take a PRACTICE SAT ? This is outrageous ! Back to The Lost Symbol . Great book thus far . 
is back home from PSATs and cross country . I feel like taking a shower and relaxing for the rest of the day . 
Thursday is the convergence point of my entire week , and the culmination of a week's worth of effort . Tomorrow will be a great day . 
Tomorrow will be a long day of readjusting and hard work . Off to read The Lost Symbol . 
First Newegg Wanfest L4D match today . Awesome . 
Does anyone else believe their day is dictated by whether or not they're rugged ? 
Going back to bed . Or something to that effect . 
The Google Trifecta is almost complete . I just need that myTouch . 
I keep hearing < PROPFEMALE > and Khloe Take Miami on TV in the background , and it's funny to hear . But I think a few brain cells died . 
Tennis time . I think . 
Bed , please . 
Just realized that he missed last week's episode of Heroes . Damnit . 
It's 9:08 PM , and I am going to Subway . I just hope that it's open . I really want that chicken parmesan sub . 
Instead of writing a short epic , I got a free cookie on the house at Subway . Yeah , I actually went . 
Should probably be off to bed soon . 
Well now I feel less guilty about being at home , seeing as everyone else is too . 
Call me Hartford , I just bought The Zombie Survival Guide , and I'm looking for a box of Oatmeal Cream Pies . 
Zombie Survival Guide > The Lost Symbol . I liked The Lost Symbol , but then it went all preachy at the end . And to think I stayed up until 2 AM finishing off that book . 
UPS better hurry up , I'm getting impatient . 
I'm writing the best story ever written . I think this one might top my ' Fresh < PROPMALE > of Bethlehem ' rap . 
I'm either going to do a Twilight parody or a story about an illiterate spider . I'm not sure which though . Opinions , I need them ! 
I finished my story . I'm going to post it on here . 
This story definitely beats my ' Fresh < PROPMALE > of Bethlehem ' rap . 
It has been a long night of storytelling , and I think I'm going to get some well-earned rest . 
Oh man , I know who I'm going to use as my summer running partner . Gonna be the best summer training ever . 
Well , might as well try out Farmville . 
Bed . 
I like this live feed . It's useful for giving me useless information and song lyrics . 
I'm not going to eat Burger < PROPMALE > anymore . ( But Gage , isn't that un-American of you ? ) 
Wait . So if you're whining to Facebook to bring back the old news feed , aren't you contradicting yourself ? The last update you whined about , and now you're asking to have that one back ? You guys are silly . 
It would appear that I have been robbed . 
Finally back home , it has been an unusual weekend . 
Finally done with projects . That was easy . 
I still plan on not shaving until November 30th . I started early though . Time to make paper cut-outs of colors to pick out of a hat . 
Man , this Swine Flu sure spread like wildfire . It's entirely possibly that I've got it too . 
I feel like I need a rejuvination to my life . Things have been getting dull . 
Still sick . This week shouldn't count . 
Going to grab a shower , and then I'm going to bed . Hopefully school in the morning . 
Oh , and I shaved . 
Homework , work , shower , bed . Getting back in the swing of things is easy ! 
It's mischief night . Time to sit on my front porch with a sword and wait for someone to try my house . This will be a fun night . 
Someone changed the background on my phone to a picture of kittens . I'm keeping the kittens . 
Anyone want to go trick or treating at the < PROPMALE > Mall with me tomorrow ? 
Happy Halloweeeeeeeeeeeeeeen ! I'm still seven at heart . 
So it turns out I can't go trick or treating at the < PROPMALE > Mall . Apparently I'm going to Southington to see my grandparents . This will maximize my < PROPFEMALE > profits by tenfold . 
Little Bear just came on . Not doing anything but nostalgia-ing for the next half-hour . 
This was a weak Halloween . 
Thanks to Napster , I now have a full M83 album . Although this was completely accidental , I think it might have been the best decision of my day so far . 
Out to tennis , then homework . 
Homework time . Man , this is fun . 
With procrastination skills like these , I could delay a Japanese train by ten minutes . Indefinitely . 
I don't know about you , but I love Sunday nights . 
I've just rediscovered The Shins . Brilliant band . 
Lab report . So easy . 
Printing out applications . Schweet . 
My mom makes one mean quesadilla . Oh , and I shaved . Whoops . 
I ate too many quesadillas . 
It's definitely haircut time . 
American Pie is an inspirational song to me . 
So who's going to see Twilight : New < PROPFEMALE > with me at the midnight premiere ? 
Ordered a new phone , and switched to Sprint . New number as well . Should find out all the details once the phone arrives . 
These socks are AWESOME . Oh , and I got some new shoes . 
Apparently I got a 95 on that Terminal Man test . Going out to get a physical , then over to my grandparents to eat cake . I hope it's ice cream cake . 
Tomorrow , I'm half way to thirty . 
It's my birthday . YEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHHH . 
Tennis , then possibly out to dinner at Chili's . 
I can't even figure out my new phone number . Dagnabbit . 
Got a new number : ( 203 ) 493-1642 
I've got a B . This means it's time to start trying in school . 
I have no idea what I'm doing right now . And it feels great . 
I am going to rewrite my Twilight parody . This time it'll have a kickass plot . 
This better not be swine flu . If I have it during exams week , that will suck . 
I'm listening to Jookabox , drinking water , and playing MW2/Borderlands . Could this night get any better ? 
One thing I've come to notice is that I never respond to comments on my own statuses . Weird , eh ? 
Con Air is on . YES . 
It seems like every time I watch Con Air , it gets better . 
I don't know which is more funny : two people arguing over how much they can eat , or the fact that it was under the picture of my lunch . 
Apparently , I am not social enough . Does anyone want to help me fix this ? 
First essay for Christ/Sacraments is done . I think I'll get the second out of the way now as well . It's easier , anyway . 
Done with my essays . Time to do outlines . 
Mildly sick . Resting up , and finishing out my exams for the rest of the week . 
This newfangled teen pop music makes my ears hurt [ bleed ] . 
I'm married . Wait , what ? 
It's National Hug a Cross Country Runner Day tomorrow . I'll be waiting . 
Hi , I'm Gage Salicki , and I enjoy making motorboat noises while I stand in the shower . 
Oh God , this Americone Dream ice cream is so good . I'm full yet I still want more . 
Term 2 ? Maybe . Maybe . 
Yale/Harvard ? Yes . Mixer tonight ? I'm still not sure . 
Yale lost in the fourth quarter . What a let down . 
Seems like Facebook has been getting more and more benign as the days pass . It's either ' So-and-so joined X group ' or ' OMFG IM SO BOARD FML TXT ' . Come on , Facebook , is that all you've got ? 
Hey , look ! Another status for you all to admire ! 
Everyone assumes that my last name is ' < PROPFIRST>' . It's starting to get annoying . 
So today my Spanish teacher tried to tell me that the Suez Canal was in South < PROPFEMALE > , and that the crisis that took place there in 1956 helped end WWII . Mrs. Corraro , you've successfully made me both want to transfer and lose my trust in the first ten minutes of class . 
I just woke up from a mid-afternoon nap . I have to work at ten tomorrow . This will be an interesting night . 
It would probably help if I got people's < PROPFIRST > on my phone , as I lost them . Anyone care to leave me their number in a comment on this status ? 
So I just watched Angels and Demons . It was pretty good , as far as I'm concerned . 
Grabbing a shower , going to work , and then heading over to Subway for some dinner . I plan on camping in my house all night playing L4D2 and eating Subway melts . 
Sorry guys , I've got to go fight trash robots by beating them in a freestyle dance-off . 
Finishing up The Phantom Tollbooth . Leisure reading ? At your age ? THAT'S INSANITY ! 
I neglected to buy a Spanish book for this term of school over the break . This says a lot about how concerned I am about Spanish . 
I drink all of the milk from my cereal when I'm finished with the food portion . It's like food and drink all in one ! 
My parents are so infinitesimally irrational and ignorant that it makes me feel sick . 
Biology homework ? I think it's time to get that done . 
I baked twenty-four cupcakes . But then I ate one . Now I've got twenty-three . 
After a long day of school , athletics and work , it feels fantastic to come home , shower and play L4D2/MW2 . 
My stomach is full of Subway melts and Lays ( Baked ) chips . Dohohoho I'm so healthy . 
So apparently we're supposed to get snow tonight . Provided we get enough , I will go and make snow angels . Who else is with me ? 
Working on a project , debate team research , studying , work . All in succession . If life were a film , I would most definitely not be an action hero . 
I'm going to finish this essay tonight . Then I can say my weekend is complete . 
Just ran home ( three < PROPMALE > ) with a good twenty-five or so pounds of books and gear on my back , all in under a half an hour . I feel accomplished tonight . Time to hammer out this project , take a shower , and go to bed . 
If we have a snow day tomorrow , which apparently is what this hype is being built around , I will build up a snowman around myself , take a picture , and use it as my profile picture . 
Everyone on Facebook is asking for a snow day . Maybe our collective consciousnesses will cause a snow day to occur . Then again , that's all Noetic Science . 
Today is most definitely a day to sit at home , curl up with a blanket , listen to The Shins , and play video games . 
CNN's < PROPMALE > Sanchez is now the new < PROPFIRST > Beck . 
So I just went to Burger < PROPMALE > for the first time in about two months . I order a meal , and they leave out two thirds of it . I had to remind them twice until they finally got what I ordered . I'll go on another Burger < PROPMALE > hiatus now , thanks . 
Deism isn't taboo , you've just got a close-minded perspective . Socialism isn't wrong , it's a political system that even the U.S. has practiced . I mean , public transportation ? Public highways ? SOCIALISM ! 
So , I was laying around my house watching Current TV , and I figured I might actually go to this semi-formal rave dance party disco tomorrow . Is anyone else going ? 
That mixer was pretty bad , I'm not going to lie . But at least I had some good conversations . 
Guys , I've just been told someone owes me money via my email . Apparently back in 1996 I lent a guy $ 300,000 . In 1996 , I was two . 
District 9 is out on December 22nd . A DVD I'm actually going to buy as opposed to rent ? Yes . 
Captain Planet , he's a hero . 
Biology is done , reading Utopia right now , and then I think I'll finish off my Spanish project . Then that leaves the decision between MW2 or researching for debate later . 
I'm so creative and imaginative that my own thoughts have thoughts . 
Joining excessive Facebook groups/fan pages is about as cool as a colony of lepers now . That's my brutal honesty for the night . 
Global climate change is like Tiger Woods . THEY BOTH DON'T EXIST . 
I'm running the 3200 in my first meet of the season tomorrow . Pumped ? Yeah , you could say that . 
People still use MySpace ? 
I'm calling no school on Monday . If I'm right , then I really can predict the future . 
I'm going snow shoveling . 
Apparently < PROPFEMALE > Murphy's dead . Even worse off , the Trending Topic for her on Twitter has her first name spelled ' < PROPFEMALE>' . That's embarrassing . 
Apparently I own a scarf . 
Well , one of my teachers managed to fail me in Honors Biology , despite having gotten a low ninety in actuality . My Spanish teacher managed to forget at least three assignments I physically handed in , and received back graded ( they were 100s , to boot ) , and subsequently I've got a mid-eighty when the grade should be a high ninety . Notre Dame , I'm rather disappointed . 
Ninety minute delay . Maybe when we wake up tomorrow they'll have decided on a full cancellation . 
I'm like a white < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
I started vacation early . I don't really see a need for a Deist to sit through a Christian prayer service for an hour and a half . 
The best things in life are trees . 
In this status , we try to count to ten . Can we do it ? 
I want to go to a mall on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and harass people waiting in lines about their Christmas shopping . 
It's annoying when you hear a remix of a song before you hear the original , and whenever you hear the original you think it sounds horrible . 
I'm going to go watch Up . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sun Worshiping Holiday's Eve-Day ! 
I think a < PROPFIRST > Bieber should make a whole Christmas album . It would be absolutely beautiful . 
Facebook , I forgot to mail < PROPFEMALE > my Christmas list . What do I do ? 
I'm going to take a nap . I'm in the lethargic Christmas spirit , all right ! 
I just want to sit around and watch Mad < PROPMALE > , Tron and Point Break for this whole break . Just need some iced tea and chips and I'm good to go . 
Christmas gifts : < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>' World War Z , < PROPFIRST > Conan < PROPMALE>'s The Sign of the Four ( Sherlock Holmes ) , a Georgetown sweatshirt , Borderlands DLC , cash and an HP laptop . Christmas : HUGE SUCCESS . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , people . Hope you all got what you wanted ! 
Today I saw Sherlock Holmes . I thought it was fantastic , both story-wise and visually . A bit too many explosions for industrial-era London , but I did enjoy the acting . 
New Year's Resolutions : Get a haircut , start a fan club . 
Another New Year's Resolution : Be British . 
If Subway could equate to opium , then I'd be one crazed addict . Yes , I'm having a late-night Subway craving . 
I'm contemplating getting ooVoo . Does anyone actually use it , or would I be better off not downloading it ? 
2009 : 2012 for celebrities . 
People on Facebook should use Twitter . I'd follow some of you guys and girls . 
Another New Years ' Resolution : Dress up like a character from Tron and throw frisbees at people . 
I made an ooVoo . Add me : Systematik . 
Facebook groups started by teenagers : Among the dumbest creations in the category of social media this decade . 
Welcome to 2011 ! 
Just woke up . Time to shower and get all my APUSH done . 
I believe we're guaranteed at least a delay tomorrow . 
So close to finishing this project . I'd enjoy a snow day tomorrow , wouldn't you ? 
Twelve page-long paper : Finished . I really don't feel like having school tomorrow , to be honest . 
Using Facebook in French now . Fancy . 
Some day , I'd like to eat an entire bag of chips without spilling some all over my floor . 
Snow for Friday , according to the Weather Channel . 
I'm sleepy . 
So Wesleyan Uni wants me to apply to their summer liberal arts program , and it happens to have a course in film making . Not to mention I'd stay there for five weeks in a dorm . Totally filling out this application . 
California will break off of the continental U.S. soon , I'm telling you . 
I'm watching the two hour season premiere of < PROPMALE > tonight . I'm ready for some awesome . 
I'm going to watch The Hangover . 
I just realized that I haven't shaved since the start of 2010 . That and I've been signing all my papers with 2009 as the year . 
It's ' Change your Profile Picture to a Picture of Gage Salicki ' January on Facebook , apparently . 
I'm in love with La Roux . 
Gage Salicki January is still going strong . 
This Beefaroni is delicious . I don't know why , but it's delicious . 
I'm about to shave . Goodbye , < PROPFEMALE > beard , hello smooth skin ! 
< PROPFIRST > Platt is the winner of American Idol in my mind . Then again , I couldn't care less about any of the other contestants . 
Doing some creative writing for once , will post when done . 
Quinnipiac Division varsity meet at 3 . 
I just realized that I honestly don't care if someone is bored or talking on the phone with someone or \just chillen \"." 
One time I posted a status . 
I'm feeling sleepy . 
Waking up at 4 in the AM to get free breakfast . I don't care about my school being cool , I just really want free breakfast . 
I absolutely love the Machinarium soundtrack . It has some rather brilliant ambiance tracks . 
Let's get all the homework out of the way today so that I can have a lazy day tomorrow . 
There's a new form of spam , and it's on Facebook . 
As much as I enjoy these notifications that redirect me to an application signup , I think it's getting a bit overused . 
Late night with schoolwork and some Pogo . Allons-y ! 
Still working on a smaller research paper . It'll be done later tonight . 
Lets all study our grammer books so we can do good on our tests . I spot three errors here . 
So I just watched The Hurt Locker . I thought it was brilliant while having amazing camera angles . It perfectly encapsulated the right amount of drama with the right amount of suspense into an overall kickass film . Definitely would recommend this to anyone . 
Guess who got his Steam account back ? 
I want to watch Doctor Strangelove right about now . 
Let's all take pictures of ourselves with our tongues hanging out so we look even more like we've managed to glue our tongues to the side of our faces . BRILLIANT . 
Been listening to the Silversun Pickups as of recent . I'm enjoying the sound . 
I just spent a good two hours writing five pages of a research paper . I'm still not done . 
Facebook : Internet Soapbox 
My nighttime theme song before going to bed : Teenage Wasteland . It makes me feel successful . 
Possible snow fall for Tuesday night/Wednesday ? Yes ! 
I wouldn't mind snow tomorrow . 
Hey guys , new Facebook is actually pretty cool . Stop whining please . Thanks . 
Either Coffeehouse or some dance tonight . Or I could stay home and be lazy . 
Well , this new layout is interesting . I like it . 
A nice warm bed wrapped in a Snuggie with a warm laptop and a cool glass of water next to it feels so damn nice right now . 
Oh hi , Superbowl Sunday . 
In every single Facebook posting I see , there is something concerning the Saints . I didn't even watch the Superbowl . Did I miss something ? 
The Superbowl : That special time of year where we celebrate a sport that should actually be called egghand . 
Oh , hi there school cancellation . I didn't notice you were there . 
Well , just about done putting quotes into my research paper . That just leaves my works cited < PROPFEMALE > , and then I'm finished . 
Finally finished this research paper . Six and a half pages of writing , because I felt lazy . Also , anyone know the format for citing < PROPFIRST > Miller's introduction to Utopia ? 
Is it just me hoping for no school again tomorrow , or does it seem like the storm along the coastline has picked up considerably ? 
I wouldn't mind a snow day tomorrow , to be quite honest . 
Well , off to bed . I'm still hopeful for this snow day . 
I could listen to The Shins all night . 
Sometimes I wish I wasn't so pretentious and arrogant . 
Am sick . Will be not sick eventually . Well played , cold . Well played . 
Hey Geoff Fox , I found the snow you predicted a week ago . 
Moon : Fantastic movie . < PROPFIRST > Rockwell made a solid performance . If you've got the time and haven't already , go see this film . 
The secret to hot chocolate perfection : Fill the mug up with water , apply two packets of hot chocolate mix , stir strongly for one minute , add marshmallows . 
Dido's sound is absolutely euphoric . 
Dr. Strangelove Or : How I Learned to Stay Awake by Watching a Film 
I think a lot of quotes from Dr. Strangelove will stick with me for a while . What a fantastic film . I couldn't help but laugh at how satirical it was . 
A Clockwork Orange : I think I will have a good time with this . 
Well , off to bed . 
Alright , let's go learn two chapter's worth of material for Bio . 
A haiku : I never update ; Facebook is very boring ; Posting on Twitter . 
Apparently I'm supposed to get 5 to 9 inches of snow . THIS IS VERY GOOD . 
I woke up at 11 and noticed some snow on the ground . I'll assume that because I woke up at 11 we have a snow day . 
I now have a puppy . Lab report , some poetry , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and I'm alright . 
Naming a website/daily blog . Suggestions ? 
< Deep , philosophical status goes here . > 
So , my exams start tomorrow . Religion first , then I'm off for the rest of the day . Awesome . 
Portal 2 was just announced . I think my head just imploded . 
Ramen Noodles : A breakfast fit for a man . 
Today I shaved and wrote a script for an interview on Saturday . wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
I don't think words can even describe the level of excitement I am at for Tron Legacy . Original was awesome , but this sequel looks even better . 
Music hunting . 
Off to bed . Interview at Wesleyan tomorrow . 
Playlist of Pogo , Mirror's Edge , sweet Febreeze smell , and a clean room . I feel awesome . 
Bought a new headset and new clothes from Urban Outfitters . Out to a play at the Yale Rep tonight . 
A Servant of Two Masters at Yale was hilarious . Great play , and if you've got the < PROPMALE > , go see it . 
Well , tomorrow's Friday . The possibilities are endless . 
Work , followed by more work , followed by a media project . Then I think I'll work through all the papers I've gotten from school over the past three days . 
So I've been yelling at my cat all day not to go into my room . I eventually got fed up and closed my door . He just opened my door . I let him come right in . 
Pizza for breakfast . Delicious . 
Sunday , Funday . 
I'm ready to fall asleep , but it's only 6:30 ? 
Apparently Formspring will delete questions I've answered randomly ? I wanted to find out who asked that one , too . 
Oh , hey there bed , I'm ready to sleep on you . 
Passion Pit June 30th at Governer's Island . Anyone want to come with me ? 
So I just watched Fantastic Mr. Fox with my little sister . I thought it was REALLY good . The < PROPMALE > style , narration and humour were , well , fantastic . ( lolpun ) 
This new Doctor is more like Sherlocke Holmes , in my opinion . Tennant's still my favorite , but who knows , maybe Smith will surpass him . New series is bloody brilliant however . 
Mint Royale . 
Meet at Conard today . Running 300m hurdles for the second time in my life . Wheeeeeeeeee 
Second in hurdles after one day of practice makes me a happy guy . And I got a haircut . Fantastic ! 
How to Train Your Dragon in 3-D tomorrow . Who's coming ? 
Oh hi there Friday how is the wife doing 
La Roux in school makes me question if my Spanish course is actually academic 
Just been out to see Hot Tub Time Machine and How to Train Your Dragon with < PROPFEMALE > Sroka and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . They were both awesome . 
Up at 5 AM ? Yeah , sounds like me . 
StarCraft 2 beta , why are you so addicting ? 
FACEBOOK , I GOT INTO WESLEYAN . THIS IS VERY GOOD . 
Wesleyan can't come fast enough . 
Hey there , Facebook . 
Apparently there'll be rain and thunder later today . I love that first thunderstorm of the season , it's calming . 
Facebook should have some sort of prevention for me pressing \like\ " on people's posts . It's annoying . " 
As deep as the azure blue in a summer sky . 
I've come to realize that I never really update Facebook . It's all mostly Twitter now . Eh , oh well . Off to bed , because I'm sleepy . 
Day to my self , a bunch of food , and no plans whatsoever . TODAY IS GOOD DAY . 
RUFIO RUFIO RU-FI-OOOOHHHHHH 
Pretty good day today . Good day in school , beat Simsbury in a track meet , and ended the day with Subway/Taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
Daft Punk makes my morning . 
Just went out for a nice half hour run , I feel great . 
Ran a mediocre 300IH and 400 today , and I'm not feeling so hot . I'm realizing that I lose focus easily . I've really got to change that . 
LET'S START THIS ENGLISH CLOSE READING YEEEEAAAAAAAAAAH 
Diaspora * looks like it's shaping up to be a sweet social networking site , and it's getting quite a bit of attention . Whenever it launches , I'm in . 
Hey there bed , how's it hanging ? 
Well , I beat Mass Effect . Time to go out and buy the second . Best story-telling in a game I've seen in a while . 
I've got a good feeling about the future . 
SHS Track : 6-0 . One more win tomorrow and we're champions . Keep up the great work , guys . 
Don't order the hottest buffalo wings at Slider's . Just don't . 
I haven't seen one of these fan pages people are complaining about , but they sound annoying and hilarious at the same time 
Just went on a nice run . Damn though , it's hot out . 
Lost season finale , I'm not sure if I should be disappointed or extremely proud of you . That ending just ... It's something that even I can't articulate . 
Whoa , hey there short hair . 
So I was just thinking , tonight would be a great night to sit down , relax , and watch Terminator 2 : Judgement Day and Mad < PROPMALE > 2 . 
Today's an awesome day . 
Nine more days , plus four exam days , and then I'm off to Wesleyan . 
Empire of the Sun concert in NYC in August . Anyone want to come ? 
I love that fresh rain smell . 
Twelve hour schoolwork binge starts now . I still haven't started Lord of the Flies . 
Ninety-five pages of Lord of the Flies and five pages of notes later , I'm about half-way through my last project . Twelve hour work binge is still going strong . 
So I did three projects today . I'm feeling pretty accomplished . 
That was a pretty good adventure , even though Shaquanda went missing . Where were you , Shaquanda ? 
Today was a good day . 
Thanks Facebook , but I really don't care who's just changed their profile picture . 
I just don't have any motivation to do anything . Two weeks until Wesleyan . Let's just finish this week . 
School's over . Time to celebrate my ten day vacation . 
The inner-child in me wants to go see Toy Story 3 tonight at midnight . Anyone want to come ? 
Just saw Toy Story 3 , it was brilliant . Went to Dairy < PROPFEMALE > after , it was delicious . 
Today was a successful day . 
Got up early , did some yardwork , and now I've got a nice Choco-Taco , some water , Mass Effect 2 , and a day to myself . 
Well , it took me all day , but I've finally beaten Mass Effect 2 . That's one thing I've accomplished before heading off to Wesleyan . 
Today was a long day , but an extremely good day as well . I am content . 
Leaving for film studies at Wesleyan tomorrow . I'll see you all in five weeks . GERONIMOOOOOOOOOO 
Made it to Wesleyan in one piece . Currently being stalked . CREEEEEEPY . 
Holy shit , my dorm has glow-in-the-dark stars on the ceiling 
Today in film school I learned how to play blackjack and operate a fancy camera 
Today I pitched two film ideas with my friend < PROPMALE > , and our teachers loved them . Production , here I come ! 
I can feel the hipster-osity coursing through my veins . Or maybe that's just college food clogging my arteries ...? 
Today I was a zombie , complete with fake blood . I looked fucking awesome . Pictures will be up by other people eventually , but unfortunately I didn't take any . 
Making solid progress on my script . Feels good , man 
Casting for my film tomorrow . Hopefully I find the right actors to fill the roles . 
Just heard the most brilliant pianist at a concert . Look up < PROPMALE > Baerman if you're into jazz and blues , his music is fantastic . 
Casting for my short film later tonight . I'm also seriously looking into Macs for editing , I'm in love with Final Cut 
Had a great turnout for auditions for my film . So far , pre-production is going smoothly . 
I guess eating five chocolate eclairs per meal doesn't actually work miracles for your digestive system 
Going out to see Akira Kurosawa's \Ran\ " tonight at 7:30 . I'm excited . " 
Heading back to Wesleyan tomorrow , I still need to hammer out my script . 
guys what's warped tour is it like tour de < PROPFEMALE > 
Back to Wesleyan today . Starting on my film tomorrow . Woop woop 
Dutch are so hilariously awesome 
In North Korea , the North Koreans won the World Cup Final 7 to 0 
Filming starts tomorrow . I'm pumped . 
Today I played soccer with the Korean students . I had no idea you could stiff-arm someone when just playing pass the ball until now 
Got an awesome game of ultimate frisbee going today , and I finalized my script . Going into production tomorrow , and I'm giddy like a small child 
Revising my script to add some extra kick at the end . After that , I have to fire my DP . PROGRESS . 
I get the feeling that people are stepping on me because I'm too nice and accommodating to them . I can't say I'm a fan . 
I'm dancing , and singing in the rain . 
Still going to see Empire of the Sun on August 8 in NYC , tell me if you want to come 
Finished my film . Screened it to all of CCY . Got extremely positive feedback . I am content . 
Anyone else want to come to the Empire of the Sun concert with me on August 8 ? 
Said my goodbyes to the Koreans . I'm going to miss them so much . At least I can play Starcraft with them 
I can't believe CCY is over . 
I still wish that I was in film right now . I'll miss everyone from CCY dearly . 
Decided to start watching < PROPMALE > . Hopefully it's as good as people say it is . 
Just watched The Road Warrior . Better continue in the badass eighties tradition by watching Terminator 2 . 
Entire Sagan COSMOS series on Netflix Instant Play makes me one happy guy 
Had an awesome time at < PROPMALE > Harton's house . Time to curl up in my bed and watch Kick-Ass . 
Heading to New York City for the day . Going to see Empire of the Sun later tonight at Terminal 5 . 
Just got out of the Empire of the Sun concert . All I can say is this : Fucking . Awesome . 
Today I went to the beach with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . It was fun , but I'm now drowning in aloe . After a good run , I got to sit down and watch Hook . I've inadvertently gotten my sister hooked . ( No pun intended ? ) 
Today , I learned how to play a vuvuzela properly . 
Today was an awesome day filled with awesome people . Staying the night at < PROPFIRST>'s house . 
Today was a perfect day . Left my phone off , ignored the world and just read , ate and played video games . 
Off to a fun run , then < PROPFEMALE > is possibly coming over ? Good way to start a day . 
So , I got up this morning and realized that I start school in three days . To be honest , I'm excited . 
Got a restricted call about dying in seven days , had a nice casual conversation , and the person's voice change broke half-way through the call . Whoops . 
An excerpt from my summer reading prompt : \I really admire the character of < PROPFIRST > Starks because he was a boss . \"" 
Who's ready to work his ass off all year starting tomorrow ? This guy . 
Wowee , everyone sure is brimming with excitement about school tomorrow 
You know , < PROPMALE > year isn't all that bad . 
Hiya two-page APUSH essay . Lovely weather we're having , eh ? 
Finished my APUSH paper . Time to tackle twenty-three pages of reading , notes and questions . 
I'm still hoping I get to sleep before one . YEAH GO APUSH 
Me : Hey , starting my APUSH notes sounds like a good idea right about now . Three hours and twelve pages later : oh god i think my hand is broken 
After a long day , it just feels nice to lay down , listen to some Massive Attack , and relax . 
So , I still < PROPFEMALE > around a big jug of water in school . Sound familiar ? 
Go to Taco < PROPFEMALE > , order six tacos and a burrito , and enjoy thoroughly . 
Today I actually get to relax , watch Tron and go to bed early . This is going to feel so good . 
Great day so far . It'll be even better once my AP work is out of the way . 
Slept in until 9:30 , and it felt so good . Time to finish up a paper , and then I'm free for the weekend . 
So , I got back from a nice run , took a cold shower , and found StarCraft II on my table . Finishing up a lab report for A.P. Biology , and then enjoying the rest of my day off . 
Well , finally done with all my work for the night . Time to get a well-earned six hours of sleep and repeat the process . 
Boy , I sure am glad I don't use Verizon . 
Running over some A.P. U.S. notes for tomorrow morning , and then I get to sleep . You guys can't even fathom how excited I am to actually sleep . 
Woke up at 9 , ate , and relaxed all day . This was a great Sunday . 
It's already Wednesday tomorrow . Days are starting to blend together . I'm not sure if this is good or bad yet . 
The Flaming Lips , a jug of water , and an AP Biology lab report . I can already tell tonight'll be a fun-filled night . 
Bedtime . 
Pretty much going to kick ass tomorrow in APUSH with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Bowes . It's a given knowing that my ten year-old sister named the project . 
Bangarang , Skynet Symphonic , and a bus ride to school make me feel pretty great about my day . 
Just ordered some buffalo chicken pizza . Aw yeah , highlight of my night 
Just signed up for my first SAT . Time to crack open my Barron's . Saving the subject tests for my next test session . AW YEEEEAAAAAAH . 
Off to Simsbury for the Stratton < PROPFEMALE > Invitational soon ! 
Overtired , was dragged out to a dance at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > where I did nothing at all . I seriously need some sleep now 
Weekend's over already . So's September . One-tenth of the way through < PROPMALE > year , and I'm still alive . I'd say that's a good start . 
So many projects . So little sleep . 
SUPER DUPER WORKAHOLIC MODE , ACTIVATE . Except for Founding Brothers . 
My goal : Finish a close reading and lab report by the end of tonight . Realistically : I sit on Facebook all night and creep . 
Definitely made a ton of progress with my APUSH group tonight . Keep up the great work , team . 
Cross country meet for most of the day , back home to do some AP work , and potentially Apple Harvest ? Today's going to be busy . 
At Machiavelli's with < PROPMALE > Groom and < PROPMALE > Harton . Apple Harvest after we finish eating . 
Editing party tonight . Number of attending : Me . Expected hours of sleep : 2 . Such is life as a filmmaker who procrastinates . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and this beautiful weather remind me why Autumn's my absolute favorite season . 
Just about done with editing . Once I'm done with that , it's time to move onto an APUSH essay , an AP Biology lab report , notes for both APUSH and AP Biology , some minor assignments , and health essay . LET'S DO THIS . 
I want to start a film club at SHS . Would anyone be interested ? 
Read all of Founding Brothers in one night ? YOU'RE ON , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Sleeping in never felt so good . 
Got a solid eight hours of sleep . I feel pretty good today . 
9:30 : \I'm going to bed at 10:30 tonight . No way around it . \ " 11:30 : \ " wait why am i still up \"" 
PSATs early tomorrow morning . A bit too early . They better be worth it . 
PSATs : Done . I'm going back to sleep . 
Instead of studying for an APUSH unit test , I'm watching An Arbuckle Thanksgiving . I'm not good at this , am I ? 
Grabbing some water and turning on The Cranberries . It's going to be a long night of catching up on schoolwork . 
Trick-or-treating tonight , Movember starts tomorrow , Tuesday off from school , and my birthday's next Monday . This is going to be an awesome week 
I'll be happy so long as < PROPFEMALE > McMahon doesn't win . 
So , how exactly am I supposed to use a picture of horses as a document in a DBQ ? 
Four hours of sleep ? Yeah , that's fine . 
English paper or Up in the Air ? I choose you , < PROPFIRST > Clooney . 
I'm actually trying on an English paper . Sometimes , you can surprise even yourself . 
Oh , hey there Friday . Nice to see you . 
Symposium today with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . AW YEAH . 
Tonight's going to be a long night of editing and note-taking . Tends to happen when you procrastinate . 
Whoa , I've got a last name now . Thanks for all the birthday wishes you awesome people - both in school and on here ! 
3 AM . HP7 . IMAX . Yep . 
New York today was phenomenal , as was Bloody Bloody < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Time to get a good night's rest and enjoy my Thanksgiving break . 
Happy Smallpox and Syphilis Exchange Day ! 
SATs tomorrow morning . Let's do this . 
So , what's this I'm hearing about indoor track ? I've been away for a few days , and apparently everyone's getting cut and we can't run on the roads ? Well , congrats on invalidating cross country and offending every distance runner on the team there , SHS . 
Apple Jacks and fried calamari : BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS . 
Hear about snow flurries : We'll obviously get a snow day . 
Inbox me a household appliance and I'll tell you what I think about it . 
Kuereg Coffee Maker - Yeah , that comes in handy when you're looking for coffee . 
The Kitchen Sink : It's good for washing dishes . 
Can Opener : You use this to open cans . 
SUDDENLY , SNOW . SNOW EVERYWHERE . 
Woke up to the sweet sound of Daft Punk's Musique Vol . 1 . Today's going to be a good day . 
Oh , hey there AP Biology lab report . What's that ? No sleep tonight ? Yeah , I agree . 
Just finished my lab report . Perfect timing . 
Knock knock . Who's there ? Doctor . 
So disappointed that I can't see Tron Legacy tonight at midnight . Oh well , tomorrow right after school can work for me . 
Twenty eight years in the making , Tron Legacy is done . All I can say is < PROPMALE > fucking Bridges . So fantastic . And yeah , I'm wildly biased . 
Getting really sick before Christmas has its benefits and disadvantages . For one , I don't have to go to school . On the other hand , I can't do any work and I've been sick to my stomach for the whole day . 
Just been out to the doctor's office , they said I can't go to school tomorrow . I don't like being sick . 
Got SAT scores back , did decently for a test run . Although , I can't complain about a 690 on writing . 
AP Biology lab report and English close reading due tomorrow ? Yeah , I'll start those tomorrow . 
Close reading's done , time to start that AP Bio lab report . Then I'll probably have to start my other work . 
All I want for Christmas is 24 hours of sleep and some hot chocolate afterwards . 
ICE to meet you , Christmas break . Hardy har har . 
Fell asleep at 3 PM yesterday , and just woke up . Words can't even describe how good I feel . Also , it's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Crimbo ! Time to go to sleep and wait until my sisters wake me up at 4 to stare at presents . 
Just bought Daft Punk's score to Tron : Legacy . So damn good . Time to sleep . 
Walken in a Winter Wonderland ... 
Oh man , Deadmau5's 4x4 = 12 is glorious . The hour-long continuous mix is a nice extra , too . Going to take a while for me to take all that in . 
< PROPFEMALE > and the Diamonds , < PROPFEMALE > Goulding , Deadmau5 , P . SUS and a new Passion Pit single . I'm set for today . Time to kick back and do some reading . 
Nothing like some Joburg Jam to ease into writing a DBQ with . Today's been good to me . 
Nothing like some Digitalism before bed . Their new Blitz EP is phenomenal . Gotta love Stratosphere . 
The best part of Bellamy's Looking Backward was when he plagiarized More's Utopia under the guise of Gilded Age criticism . So yeah , basically the whole book . 
I really wouldn't mind a snow day tomorrow . 
I really wouldn't mind an early dismissal right about now , Southington . 
I'm heavily considering switching to a polyphasic sleep cycle to see how it works . 
Missing school for an interview at Phillips-Exeter Academy admissions tomorrow . This'll be interesting , to say the least . 
Considering I didn't do any homework yet , I'd love verification of a snow day anytime soon , Southington . Love , Gage . 
School's cancelled . Kickin ' rad . 
School tomorrow ? I actually need to go in for some paperwork for Exeter . 
I just realized that I have a week off from school now . I missed Tuesday for an interview , had a snow day yesterday and have one today , and have Friday to Monday off . Schweet . 
Finishing up my Exeter essays , then everything should be done . Hopefully they don't mind recommendations coming in a little bit after the due date , courtesy of this snow storm . 
APUSH dinner at < PROPFIRST>' Lunch later tonight . This ought to be fun . 
I need to see The < PROPMALE>'s Speech . It looks so fantastic . 
Just rediscovered Death Cab . WOAH , IT'S LIKE 2006 ALL OVER AGAAAAAAAIN . 
Just saw The < PROPMALE>'s Speech with < PROPMALE > Hughes . It was phenomenal , even though < PROPMALE > seemed to think it had a bad ending . 
So wait , we're getting another snow storm ? 
Middletown , Watertown , Waterbury are all closed . It's only a matter of time , Southington . Concede to your fate . 
THE GLORIOUS THREE-DAY SNOW DAY . 
Sending off my essays to Exeter tomorrow . Time to play the waiting game . 
Well , back to school for a shortened day . Splendid . 
APUSH essay ? AP Biology test ? French and Spanish oral exams ? Come on snow day , you can do it . I BEEEELIEEEEEEEVE . 
Today's a perfect lazy Sunday . 
Tonight's a total 80's montage night where I successfully learn all of AP Biology . It even has authentic 80's music . This is so cool . 
Contemporary remixes , a ton of notes , and midterm studying . Not a bad night , honestly . 
French and Health midterms tomorrow . In other words , just a French midterm tomorrow . 
APUSH and AP Bio exams tomorrow ? Not if we have a snow day . 
APUSH and AP Biology exams done . I think I'll take a well-earned nap . 
I wish I could see Egypt firsthand right now . 
I don't even understand how , Southington High , but you've managed to hit a new low on incompetency . I'm just astounded at the moment . 
I was going to post a status about Egypt , but then I realized 90% of my friends wouldn't care . 
Snow day erryday 
Inbox is full of emails from colleges I don't care about . Please stop emailing me , colleges . 
I've been thinking , I spend far too much time using technology , and there are so many minutes wasted . I think I'm going to take a break from it all for a while . 
The Superbowl : That time of year where I still don't care about American football . 
Picked up Huxley's Brave New World and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s original book for < PROPMALE > today . Time to relax , have a nice cup of tea , and read . 
Just had a pretty rad chat with American University admissions officers and students . I'm really considering going now . 
Awesome , Mubarak finally stepped down ! 
Wait , so they're actually even considering giving < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > a Grammy , let alone Album of the Year , but they don't even nominate Daft Punk for their score in Tron Legacy ? Something is very , very wrong in the world . 
Somehow I ended up in a totally ghetto Wal-Mart on the outskirts of Fair Haven on a Sunday night . Such is life as a Salicki . 
The Beatles and AP Biology all night . 
The < PROPMALE>'s Speech is going to take Best Picture at the Oscars . Calling it . My love for < PROPMALE > Bridges is saying he'll win Best Actor , but I know it's probably going to go to either < PROPMALE > Firth or < PROPFIRST > Franco . Naturally , < PROPFEMALE > Portman'll take the cake for Best Actress . Yeah , those all sound about right to me . 
Oooh , Restrepo AND Gasland are up for awards for Best Documentary . Don't know which one I want to win more . 
Duran Duran , some tea and a good book . Tonight's a good night to relax . 
The Pixies , The Police and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > all night . So good . 
Watching low-res recordings of Pogo's performance in NYC from last night . I really wish I could've gone , it looked so great . 
APUSH DBQ due in to my teacher at 4 . Haven't started it yet . Can I do it ? Of course I can . 
Donate to Japan instead of praying for it . Prayer doesn't put food on the table , and prayer doesn't repair a home . Prayer doesn't pay medical bills for children that have been injured . Prayer doesn't make you a humanitarian . Just donate to the Red Cross instead . You'll actually be helping that way . 
Getting inducted into some stupid club 
The Shining 
Congrats to the SHS guys track team on beating Northwest ! 
Do I even know half of the people I'm friends with on Facebook ? 
Twelve hours later , I'm home from a day at UMass with < PROPFEMALE > Meehan , and now it's time to sleep forever 
things I don't understand : kids that make gym out to be an olympic sport 
boy oh boy I can't wait for ap psych next year 
guys we managed to kill a guy who wasn't even responsible for 9/11 like ten years after the fact , don't throw a fucking internet party 
so who else took the wonderful and fun-filled apush exam today ? 
Happy Mother's Day to my wonderful mom , JohnandStacy Spehar . Even if she does have a joint facebook with my step-dad . 
ap biology : proving you can never know enough about plants since 1955 
ap tests are done , that means summertime 
< PROPMALE > gump : one of the select few movies that make me shed manly tears 
Maybe the world is ending 6PM Pacific time ? 
my biology research project has taught me infinitely more things about cat behavior than I ever thought I'd learn 
Suddenly , I live in Vietnam 
a wonderful night out in blueback square with < PROPFIRST > Peschel and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
hi my name is gage and i have no friends 
instead of studying for exams , I'm having a < PROPMALE > potter nostalgia-fest 
Vietnam , part II 
Honk honk 
pum pum pum 
a semi-successful lotr marathon ( extended edition ) with < PROPFIRST > Peschel 
Watch Hill all day . 
I love my girlfriend 
college touring in chicago for a week yeeeee 
I thoroughly enjoy spending all of my waiting time until boarding riding the giant treadmills in airports 
