needs something to do 

is hopeing for at least a 50% on that english project 
can't seem to sleep .... 
is ready for his 3 day weekend 
is going to the play on Sunday for some free punch and cookies 
enjoyed his first day off 
Sherlock Holmes , Great movie 
Freeze < PROPFIRST > . Stops time . Tell your friends . 
SPRING BREAK !!! 
Went to my PreRegistration for College and got a job offer , I think im in good shape . 
I really like when things go my way 
Iron Man 2 on Friday 
Iron Man 2 , good movie 
I Really Hate Mrs. Dowling 
woooo ! I have my phone back ! 
< insert some inspirational quote about life and stuff here > oh , and yay for graduating 
Why do they call it the funny bone ? Waking up , and smashing it on a windowsill isn't a fun way to start the morning . 
1990 , was 20 years ago 
Well , today was a fun day . 
I feel like something really bad is about to happen . 
Everyone needs to see a Tesla Coil , they are absolutely amazing 
Life is good 
I move in on Thrusday ... 
I'm back to being a freashman 
Off to college , who knows when ill be back ... 
College parties are great ... only threw up twice , but it was fun ! 
Even the busses are being difficult 
so , fireworks , up here , were really awesome 
I am really bored , and kinda wish I had someone to chat with . 
Things to know for using trains in Chicago , 1 . even though you can get on bored and buy a ticket there , it is cheaper to get it from the ticket counter ( does not count for times after 1 pm or on the weekends)2 . have a really detailed map of the area where the train stations are , you may want to go east , but the train might put you by the west exit , 3 . bring something to do , you wait on the trains , not the other way around 
I love my freshly prepared pot 
I dislike depressing daydreams 
its the weekend ! yay ! 
If you're brave , copy this to your status , and see what people rate \ 
you !! (1)crazy ( 2)Wish we went out . ( 3 ) Talkative ( 4 ) Sarcastic ( 5 ) \ 
Lovable ( 6)Sexy(7)Strong ( 8 ) Dumb ( 9 ) Ripped ( 10 ) Mouthy ( 11 ) Wild \ 
( 12)Goofy ( 13 ) Funny(14 ) Awesome ( 15 ) Beautiful ( 16 ) Amazing \ 
( 17)Cute ( 18)Gorgeous ( 19 ) Fun to talk to ( 20 ) 
ah ha ha .... portal 
Inception tomorrow 
Yay for WiFi at college 
yay for the unit circle .... 
I really don't like my critical thinking teacher , I don't think he knows what he is doing ... 
well , I missed the bus , missed the train , walked like 6 < PROPMALE > , forgot the tickets , got the tickets , walked to the place , then had a GREAT time , was a lot of fun , We the Kings is a great band 
I am kinda tired .... but I have class in a few hours .... so I can't go to sleep .... dang 
\I can tell your mood just by your eyes\ 
I LOVE MATH !!! 
new phone ! 
Ate a meal at BWW for 10$ 
grrr , College is getting annoying 
You can ask me ONE question ( ONLY IN MY INBOX ) you will have my full honesty .. put this as youre status and see what u get asked . 
( kid if my math class ) \can I leave early ? I am done with my test\ " \ 
I had a really great time today , I hope I can have another fun-filled day tomorrow 
I reeeeeaaaaallllllyyy should be doing my work right now .... lol , math final tomorrow .... 
I hate writing essays ... 
first day of my electronics class , seems pretty easy , till you get to the toys , that he hasn't shown us to use , luckily I know this cool guy from my math class and he taught me how to use it all , and then gave me a ride back to my apartment 
This class is putting me to sleep =( , and on top of that , I left my house so fast that I forgot my phone at my apartment ... this sucks ... 
wooo , Finished my essay , time to do some working out and then sleep , class at 8 am .... yay .... 
so apparently , when it comes to logic , 1+1 = 1 
I feel like I am going to be late to this class every week , but every week I end up almost an hour early ..... stupid buses and their random times 
Well , apparently I don't know anything in my electronics class . sooooooo Friday has now been dedicated to figuring it all out . 
hmmmm paper and stuff due .... ugh 
I had a moment of understanding today , when I figured out why the highest number in an ip address is 255 at any point 
Anyone have a spare goat that I can sacrifice ? 
So my teacher explains how this flowchart works . I tell him he is wrong . We argue . Then come to the conclusion that I am right and he is wrong . Yea , I win . 
2 hours to get home from school .... sheesh 
home for the weekend 
yea , my girlfriend is the best girlfriend someone could ask for 
I miss having internet whenever I wanted it . 
Is anyone even paying attention to this ? 
Good luck Blue Ridge Soccer team , I wish I could go see the game tomorrow 
Life 
ugh . class 
truth is .... 
Today was good , made friends with a guy who is in my english and my math class , he drives to school and I am on his way , and for tutoring him in math , he offered to give me a ride to class whenever and free lunch whenever .... score 
I failed =( the guy I was helping with math failed his math quiz 
anyone want to add me on skype ? 
BEHONEST !!. \ 
If you think I'm cute , like this status . If you love me put a ?. If I'm\ 
your friend put a :) . If you'd go out with me put a ;D . If you miss me \ 
put a :/ . If you ever had a crush on me put an xD . If you'd like to \ 
get to know me better put a =P , if you dislike me put a :( . If you don't\ 
care put a :| . If you ' ... re brave enough , re-post this as your status =) 
how do you write a < PROPFEMALE > long introduction paragraph ? 
I am really bored 
It is very quiet , and I am bored 
Inbox only !!! Tell me something you have always wanted to tell me . It stays between me and you !! 
It is a terrible feeling when the guy you are tutoring has to drop the class you are tutoring him in . =( 
This is the maddest I have been in a long time . 
Gotta love conventions ..... 
life can just make you feel so good at times 
Home for the weekend , anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out a bit ? 
found the car keys .... lost my headphones and my mouse connector 
I've got nothing to do , and all day to do it 
I already know today is going to be a terrible day 
I have no idea how to write a research paper , and the teacher expects me to know .... I am going to have a long conversation with my teacher 
I just got my picture taken , 30 times ... 
yea , most famous < PROPFIRST > Dabrowski in the world , google me , I am the first image 
christmas break starts on the 19th 
being worried sucks 
Family party 
Why isn't Christmas break here yet ? 
I want friday to come faster 
wow , only 30 < PROPFEMALE > one way , from my school to the apartment , that is a record for me ( via bus ) 
=/ 
I have the most common blood type 
8$ salad ... obtained for 2$ 
oh pokemon ..... how you promote slavery with your beating up of random creatures , capturing them , and then forcing them to beat up other random creatures . 
what is with all of the number stuff ? 
sooo ... number game ? 
1445678937429340084391764- you are a pretty cool guy and it is always nice to hear your mechanics advice . I can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with you some more , maybe some time over winter break 
16- I haven't gotten to know you very well , but we had a fun time . You were really fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with all day and I am glad the you made it home on time .... after getting a ride to the train station by a police officer . 
55- So I haven't really gotten to < PROPFEMALE > out with you very much , but the time we have spent was fun . I thought you were pretty cool and when I heard you played soccer I thought you were a lot cooler ( being a soccer player myself . ) I really wish I could have made the Haloween party , but I was busy , I am sure there will be other chances , and I can't wait . 
666- Hey , you are a really cool guy , and very creative with your ideas , and it is pretty awesome . Hanging out with you is always an ingredient for fun , and I can't wait till we can all get together and you can DM a game , once you get all of your ideas together . 
9491- I remember the first day you rode the bus with us , and I felt like you were a really cool person . I always enjoyed chatting with you on the bus and thinking back at it I can't help but laugh . We had many fun bus rides and you shall always be the pottymouth to me . 
1189- Where do I start ? You are the most amazing person I have ever met , I can never really tell what you are thinking and I like that . You always sneeze twice and you love to < PROPFEMALE > out with your friends , which I get jelous of but I know I shouldn't . I can't wait to see you this weekend and spend more time with you . =) 
69- I remember the days of our computer classes and how much fun they were . We would make her so angry as a group and it was always really funny . You have some really cool drawing that I always like to look at , and I miss chatting with you every day in class . 
My girlfriend is amazing . 
Going to be home from the 20th-26th , anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? ( already have plans on the 20th for dinner ) my girlfriend will be around till the 23 at least 
VIDEO GAME DAY !!!! no final till Thursday .... 
DONE WITH SCHOOL !! for 2 weeks ... Family parties on Sat . and Sun . Tron with my girlfriend and friends .... some fun days up ahead 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone =) 
Heading north soon 
Not sure what to do tonight .... 
and now break is officially over =( 
just got back from my first 8 am class .... not looking forward to the rest of them 
does someone want to do my homework and go to my calc II class for me ? 
I am bored , someone should talk to me 
good night everyone 
It's Calc II time 
Calc II , the only place where using a formula is the most difficult part 
Hmmm .... I went to sleep an hour early , and woke up 30 < PROPFEMALE > early ..... now what to do for 30 < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
I just do not understand why people drink , I mean , this woman was drunk on the train , and she couldn't figure out how to open a door , so she missed her stop , and the next 7 or so stops after ... why would you want to be that stupid ? 
oh weekend , how I wish you could have stayed longer 
Yay for doing better in my calc class than I thought ! 
soooo , I am bored , anyone want to chat ? 
Anyone else ever get the glitch , were you add someone , and then you see their posts , but you can't reply to them or anything , and it says your friend request is still pending ? 
Doesn't look like I get a snow day .... I get to wait for the bus in the snow !.... 
and then there was class =( 
I will never trust a case of soda to not fall apart ever again 
I wish the weekend was here already 
cookie monster music 
It is really cold outside 
Convention today ! 
