Yeah , I finally got a Facebook account . Whatever . 

I think that an Ap Euro group should be made . 
I also think that someone else should make this AP Euro group , seeing as I don't know how to . 
Doesn't care about football . I realize that this doesn't surprise you . 
Ah , and that after school rush of people on Facebook begins . 
Wow , lots of people I haven't seen in years . 
I finally made that AP Euro group , join if you were ever in Mr. Simmons ' class . 
Can do spanish homework while at the computer without using the internet . 
Yeah , I shaved , what about it ? 
I love the first version of Ave < PROPFIRST > that we listened to today , I'm singing it at All-State . 
I love my bed . 
Snow is awesome . Lit with < PROPMALE > is awesome . The two combined equal the highlight of my week . 
Went to the circus last night , it was pretty good . < PROPMALE > went with us and is now over at my house . 
Likes to contemplate Italian double consonated words . Specifically pizza . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day has its perks . 
Wishes that he only had to take chorus and a part of Lit tomorrow . 
Is listening to Walking in Memphis . Yeah < PROPFIRST > , its still stuck in my head from Coffee House almost two years ago . 
\We must learn to tolerate those who sin differently than we do . \ " -Mom " 
I'll be at All-State until really late Saturday , so don't expect me to be on at all . Yeah , that's too formal . WOO-HOO , ALL-STATE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Will never get Loch Lomond out of his head , and that's ok . All-State was amazing . 
Would love to be able to control the flow of time . 
I hate that there's not enough anything on the road to freeze and get us out of school tomorrow . 
Facebook is a lot more fun when chatting with a friend or two . 
Ho hum , boredom , what fun . 
Is watching M*A*S*H . 
You have no idea how much fun I would have if I could teleport . C : 
Loves fundamental trig identities . ( That's right , I just marinated that phrase in saracasm . ) 
You should have come to the chorus concert . Yes , I'm talking to you sitting at the computer . 
My family is going to see the Harlem Globetrotters . ( Yes , I'm going , too . ) ( I know that that surprises you . ) 
Life looks different in retrospect . 
I think its funny when its hailing on one side of the house , but < PROPFEMALE > on the other . 
Hey , it's Pi Day ! 
Never stuff yourself at a Pi Day celebration and then begin to hyperventilate before a speach . It isn't a good feeling . 
Had some fun at Festival , but is now going to miss going to San < PROPFEMALE > . Bummer . 
Is wishing that I could be in San < PROPFEMALE > , too . 
So is body language a dead language ? Nobody else seems to be able to read it , which is pretty sad considering that more is said in looks and movements than could ever be expressed by mere words . 
A brief statement is too inadequate to really express one's feelings . You know that it's true . 
Good things come to those who wait , but the best things come to those who work for what they wait for . 
I recently cleaned out my room and did some reorganizing , so I now have a large lizard that needs a new home . If anyone is interested , let me know before Spring Break is over , otherwise it will be thrown away . 
Is sick . Woo-hoo . 
Is feeling somewhat better . No headache and I can breathe out of my nose again . Sometimes . 
School tomorrow . : C Need I say more ? 
Is there anyone in chorus who plans to run for librarian ? I need a running partner . 
Life . Can't live with it , can't live without it . 
Just got his All-State CD . That's right , ALL-STATE ! It's awesome . 
Necesito galletas , pero no tengo galletas . :( 
Had a great time seeing Thoroughly Modern < PROPFEMALE > twice last night , everybody was amazing . 
AP Euro test tomorrow , then Moes , probably . All in all , a good day for it to be Friday . 
Had a good time at Moe's , and thinks that he should do that kind of thing more often . 
Just got a haircut . Woop-de-doo . ( Insert signature finger twirl of enthusiasm . ) 
The one thing you want , is the one thing that you can't have . 
Well , I just opened yet another college letter , and to my surprise there were people I knew in it . < PROPFEMALE > Pearson , < PROPFEMALE > Church , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Gough in the KSU Summer Arts flier . 
Two more days of school . Woo-hoo . 
Has cleaned and organized his room . Yes , he did . 
Woo-hoo , no more school ! Well , for a little while at least . 
I'm leaving for Florida tomorrow , and I'll be back next week . I won't be on much , if at all , so I'll talk to whoever needs to talk to me then . Until my birthday , farewell . 
Well , I'm back from Florida , and I'm 16 now . Interesting . 
My DS makes its birthday noise today . That makes me happy . Oh , the simple joys of life . 
Well , after over 30 minutes on hold , I am now schedualed to det my driver's license . In a month . 
I find it funny that more people are on now than there were 12 hours ago . 
I love rain . :) 
I had a good time tonight with < PROPFIRST > Kor and < PROPFEMALE > Sturges . It's a pity none of the other people I invited came , but I had a great time anyway . Thanks for coming ! 
Mmm , homemade icecream . :D 
Yes , < PROPFEMALE > Pearson , I sing better than most people breath . ;D 
Would < PROPMALE > like a chocolate truffle ? Let me count the ways ... 
I love thunderstorms . :D Though I guess this made watering the grass a bit redundant , eh , < PROPFEMALE > McKenney Joyner ? 
So , my modem died in the thunderstorm the other day , so I won't be on at all untill we get a new one . Which will be in one to eight working days . Whatever . See you then .... Wait , who am I talking to ? 
... Oh , by the way , my internet is back now . 
Hey , I got my license . Nifty . 
Well , now I know what La Cocina is . 
And I've never been to Boston in the fall . 
So , the teacher blogs are still down . Wonderful . 
Don't be a sad panda . 
Whoa , I thought it was Tuesday for a minute there . 
School , can't live with it , can't live ... no , I think I could live without it . 
My schedule this semester : HR-Butts , Chorus-Gunter , Apush-Gorsuch , Sociology-Reason , AP Calc AB-Bowman . This will probably change , though . I need AP Physics instead of Sociology . 
First day of school . Thursdays are not supposed to feel like this . 
Aaaannnnddd ... The middle schoolers are home . You can tell by the way she came through the door screaming for cookies . 
If they don't get me my schedule change tomorrow , I shall be extremely upset . 
Finally , my schedule is correct . AP Physics B 2nd , Chorus 4th . 
Ah , there's nothing like the smell of gasoline and Raid in the morning . 
Does anyone know how to change the internet's font ? Mine changed , and I don't like it . 
I am not at the Chorus meeting right now . 
Spam spam spam spam spam , I never get anyhting but spam ... oh , and by the way , I'm sick . 
Ok , FINAL schedule change this time , I promise . AP Physics 2nd , AP Calc AB 3rd , Chorus 4th with A lunch , APUSH 5th . 
So , my milkshake seems to be made out of strawberry flavoring and frozen disappointment . Bummer . 
Great day today , hanging out with other chorus officers . The milkshake was better tonight , too . 
Good luck to < PROPFIRST > Kor , < PROPFIRST > Boff , and all my other Cross Country friends at your meet today . Go and win . 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status word for word , and see if they notice . 
You know , this status would be funnier if I could remember what happened at school . Oh well . 
AP Physics : Dead , dead , very dead , dead , gravitaional acceleration death , roller coaster bowling . 
Is anyone doing something fun Monday ? I have a feeling I'm going to end up doing nothing and being bored , and I would rather like to avoid that if I can . 
This feels like such a waste time and energy . 
So , APUSH . We had a discussion of the merits of the statement \sort of\ " and < PROPFIRST > tried to poach < PROPMALE > for his fur . What else is new . " 
I love being able to sleep in . 
If anyone is in Utah next week let me know . I'm trying to figure out if there's anyone I need to visit while I'm there . 
So , if a Cyclops closes and opens its eye quickly , is it winking or blinking ? 
I'm going to Utah . Bye , whoever it is I'm talking to in these things . ( I still haven't figured that out . ) 
Is having fun in Utah . Too bad the imaginary person that I may or may not be writing to can't be here . Haha . 
Time for a concert . 
I'm finally home . By the way , yesterday my fortune cookie told me that one of my close fiends would appreciate flowers today , but I've been on a plane all day , so if that was you I'm sorry . Maybe some other time . 
Oh yes , I can't wait for school tomorrow . School is my most favorite-ist thing in the whole wide world . Feel my enthusiasm . 
I am reasonsably certain that I just made honor chorus . 
There's enough reality in my reality , I don't need reality in my tv . 
I love chorus parties . You should have been there , though . That's right , you , the one reading my status . 
Have fun at Homecoming you guys . 
I hate Quest . 
Haha , very funny joke , AP Physics , now can I please have my sanity back ? 
\There is a wonder inreading Braille that the sighted will never know : to touch words and have them touch you back . \ " \ 
So , history club was good , and you should join . 
So , I wish someone would have told me it was Friday . I thought it was Thursday again . 
Well , I forgot what I was going to post , so this will have to do . It actually works pretty well . \ 
http://news.yahoo.com/comics/over-the-hedge 
So , Malory Joyner is Facebook stalking me . Watch out , she might do it to you , too . 
How ' bout that , I'm the < PROPMALE > of New York . 
I had a great time tonight , thanks for coming < PROPFIRST > Hall , < PROPFEMALE > DeVelvis , < PROPFEMALE > Emge , < PROPFIRST > Kor , and < PROPFEMALE > DeVelvis . I hope you guys had fun , too . We should do something like this again sometime . 
I think I passed my All-State audition . Of course , thinking something and actually doing something are two different things , so I guess I'll just have to wait and see . 
Woo-hoo , All-State scores are in ! I did pretty well , but now we've got to wait for the cutoffs . I hope every body else did well , too , now let's go to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Just in case anyone was wondering , my wearing purple today was completely random . It was the first shirt in my drawer . 
So , my little brother is going to grow up to be awesome . He just said < PROPFEMALE > and Legos are the best things in the whole world . 
I love chorus concerts . There really isn't much more to say than that . 
Librarian duties , Loch Lomond , and < PROPFEMALE > . Excellent . 
Spivey was amazing , but it would be even better if my peers would shut up and sing . 
I wish I could have gone to Shorter today , at least for the concert . 
And so I add more music to my personal library . KSU was good , you should have come and heard it . 
Spivey is great . There really isn't much to add to this . 
So , Spivey and dinner with my two favorite librarians at the Layed Back Fungi . An excellent day . 
So , I have nothing to do tomorrow . If some can find me something fun to do , I would be much obliged . 
\Fudge ! Babies ! Baby Hippos ! \ " \ 
Oh yeah , it's Guy Fawkes Day today . Why did we go to school when we could have been remembering the 5th of November ? 
is thinking with portals . And that cake ? It's a lie . 
Awesome day today . Honor Chorus , Moe's , friends , and icecream . Good stuff , good stuff . 
You should all come to Coffeehouse on Thursday . So get off your high horse and come buy a ticket during lunch tomorrow . 
Seriously , come to coffeehouse tomorrow . 
Plainly and simply , come to Coffeehouse tonight . 
Last two evenings were great , just thought you should know . Thank you to the too many people to be tagged here that helped make them that way . 
I guarantee you something will happen as soon as I log off . 
Goodnight you crazy people . 
Facebook , stop being stupid . I know it's difficult , but at least make an effort . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! That doesn't sound like the right adjective , but whatever . I am thankful for you all , especially the ones of you I'm actually good friends with . Now go stuff yourself silly . And no , you aren't fat , so don't complain about it today . 
I just thought that I would remind you all that , as this day of feasting and thanks is coming to a close , I am thankful to have you all in my life . 
Leftovers in my belly , Christmas tree in my house . Now it needs to be Christmas Break . 
I hate how everything I say comes out sounding sarcastic . 
Knowing is half the battle . 
Fondant is not edible . What's underneath , however ... 
Wonderful day today ... not . 
There's a Chorus and Orchestra Concert tonight . You should probably come . It's at 7:30 at Burnt Hickory Babtist Church , tickets are five dollars . 
You know a performance was great when your hands are tired from clapping . You guys did amazing , cast of Up the Down Staircase . 
I got excited there for a second , I thought my six months were up . But nope , I still have to wait for the 30th . 
I just love having a wonderful day at school . Too bad that never seems to happen . 
Everything hates me . >.< 
What do I want for Christmas ? That is a very good question . 
Ham radio operator , if you could please not use the same frequency as my speakers , I would appreciate it . Thanks . 
Winter Break , check . Free time , check . Plans with friends ... yeah , I'm going to have to work on that one . 
will now have to learn how to work a cell phone . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! 
My first and only white Christmas has been wonderful , thank you . 
Mixed with Gunter , AP Calc BC with Bowman , BPE with Peterson , Ap < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > . Eh , at least Calc isn't first . 
School food . I cannot say I missed you . At all . 
All-State , final audition . 
Everyone made All-State ! On to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Snowed in at < PROPFEMALE>'s house with twelve other people . Now what ? 
I'm finally home and ready to be snowed in again . 
And at noonday , you and I , see the same sun shine , the same sun shine above . 
The wisdom of squirrels . Oh , and mail from Harvard , that's a new one . 
Okay , so I might stink at pool , have no taste in music , and be horrible at having deep conversations about life , but at least I'm not < PROPFIRST > Hall or < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Balschi . 
Murder , murder , in the night air ! \ 
Murder , murder , it's a nightmare ! 
No , it can't be true , \ 
I could fly if I wanted to . 
During the Pacer run : Swahili stuck in my head . 
You don't have to reload a knife . 
A few things , in order of importance :\ 
First , a happy birthday again to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > . Live long and prosper . \ 
Segundo , me encanta mi sistema inmunológico . \ 
Third , a projected 1950 to 2140 isn't bad . Now to actually take the SAT . 
Ah mi , mi sistema inmunológico , ¿por qué ? 
I have a feeling that I'm going to be disowned by everyone that I know and love for this , but ... what is this \Yogli Mogli\ " everyone speaks of ? " 
Flu type B . Ridiculous . 
Good luck to my friends going to State and ThesCon ! 
To read is to receive a communication with another way of thinking , all the while remaining alone , that is , while continuing to enjoy the intellectual power that one has in solitude and that conversation dissipates immediately . 
I had a great time at your party tonight , < PROPFEMALE > Sturges , I'm glad you let me come . ;) 
People skills , I wish I had them . 
Going to the circus . Woo-hoo . 
I don't know how to spell a scream of frustration . 
If you got a strange sounding communication from me last night , I'm sorry , I'm just really frustrated right now . 
Is about to be on the road for < PROPFEMALE > . All-State , here I come . 
AllState was awesome , I'm glad I got to spend some of it with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > DeVelvis , < PROPFEMALE > Sohl , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Poole , and < PROPFEMALE > Caracci . I wish we could do it again . 
I am not photogenic , maybe it's a good thing the cameras avoid me . 
I am that bar of chocolate . 
A little late , but Much Ado About Nothing was really good Thursday , and the < PROPFEMALE > Wars marathon was good yesterday . Thought I'd just throw that out there to whoever it is that reads this stuff . 
Festival went great , ones across the board , and hanging out with friends was even better . 
I am very jealous of all the awesome people who were not stupid last semester . You think I would have learned my lesson the second time , but noooooo . 
SAT tomorrow , wonderful stuff . Disney would have been more fun . 
What is the point of mayonnaise ? Oh , and the SAT went well . 
Hey , Facebook , I realize that you are excited to be completely blocked on my computer , but could you stop spazzing out for the thirty minutes every few days that I do get to be on ? No ? Doesn't surprise me . 
Not ... going ... to ... look ... at ... Disney ... photos ... you ... can't ... make ... me ... 
Have fun you Prom people , you . But please be safe and make good choices . 
Anywho ? No , Doctor Who . 
My sister asks what \cold blooded\ " means . I reply with \ " without passion . \ " I've probably been watching a bit too much of the Sleuth channel . >.<" 
Figures that now that I figure out how to use the notes , I've forgotten what I first wanted to make a note about . 
This probably won't matter since nobody will notice and nobody ever needs me anyway , but if you need to get in touch with me use a phone , not Facebook . My computer and Facebook had a falling out and now are not speaking to each other . 
