< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is like a good high from a drug ... its awesome when you are on it ( making a few clutch 3's to tie games ) ... but it sucks when you finally realize what you are doing to yourself ( wasting money that only gives you something exciting for a fleeting 

OLD white men is runnin this rap shit Corporate forces runnin this rap shit SOME TALL ISRAELI is runnin this rap shit We poke out OUR asses for a < PROPMALE > to cash in Cocaine , is runnin this rap shit ' Dro , ' yac and E-pills is runnin this rap shit The rape ov 
gobble gobble bitch 
you're hollow but i have substance 
im a aviator 
im a aviator , i fly so high im on auto pilot but i ride slow 
from out of the darkness i come 
i like to renigg 
Watchin the NFL game season opener 
waitin for the bears packers game . 
eatin me some cornbread and drinkin hot chocolate at the same time . 
yeah ima damn Libra . 
Yeah ima Libra The Scales September 24 to October 23 Traditional Libra Traits Diplomaitic and urbane Romantic and charming Easygoing and sociable Idealistic and peaceable On the dark side .... Indecisive and changeable Gullible and easily infuenced Flirtatious and self-indulgent 
Passed the nclex 
I just want to say thank you to everyone who said happy birthday , really appreciate it . 
sashay 
i wonder what will happen if i put an aerosol can , a cup of gasoline , and some firecrackers in a microwave on a minuite ... 
cookin some hamburgers 
cookin some hamburgers with my own special sauce 
Just watched Eternal sunshine of a Spotless Mind 
gas money is a bitch . 
How low is your lowest lowtide How low is your lowest low tide It was lower than the lowest anybody ever known It was low It was far It was wide 
get that cheddar 
what did your Umi say ? 
What did your ummi say ? 
my hair so wavy it look like lasagna with the cheese in my wallet thinking about my meat will give you insomnia im hotter than a hot pocket 
technologee will be the end of me 
im a middle-ground person 
i love sports . Im gonna marry it . then im going to cheat on it with a three way wit comedy and action flicks . 
im a victim of conditioning 
when the quantum of solace drops to zero , humanity and consideration of one human for another is gone and the relationship is gone 
Got my gold watchAnd my gold chain With my fancy car And my < PROPFEMALE > ring With my ghetto broadAnd she so plain Gotta couple scars And one of those long names And she fight a niggaAnd cusses wit no shame And her ex-man had her baggin up cocaine 
the stabbing was intitated , by a clown who overdosed and was inebriated , unmeditated , unmedicated , escaped the assylum and happened to bump into Will Bynum ?, what , but the overdoe was meditated , now the clown is elated , for slaying Bynum how come ? 
00 
10 ducats 
And they dance away clean like Savion Glover 
marshallmathers 
Eminem is my voice of reason 
Lift your torches to the heavens . We are the eternal lantern guiding us through the < PROPFEMALE > mist and the < PROPFIRST > dust on a straight and narrow path . ( Blu+Exile ) 
my car is soooooo fast . Faster than lightning . What really puts it over the top and OC is that i dont use gasoline , i use the blood of Jamaican track stars as fuel . 
dude nation 
everybody wants to feel good about themselves 
BLACKHAWKS :o , wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
come get some 
who in on this futbol pikup 
world wide < PROPMALE > is the godfather of basketball 
support domestic violence 
claw for those inches 
my big toe is bledding , i think i stepped on something sharp . 
being melodramatic is awesome 
wtf < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
You get nothing , YOU LOSE , good day sir ! 
slacker 
Goin to the movies for a three for one 
thanks to everyone for the happy B-days 
Thank you for smoking 
Ate a piece of cake from petes fresh market the other day . It was fuking amazing . Its like the cake was having sex with my tongue . 
I hate the courting game , what a waste of time 
Don’t be a fool , wrap your tool . 
Pepole ask me \Francis where is ur christmas spirit ? \ " It dwidled every time I came to the tree on Dec 25 and found pipe dreams and empty promises underneath it . " 
When I form like voltron and blast u with my shoulder missles , this is lyrical combat gentlemen hold your pistols 
I think @ < PROPFEMALE > bka meme is the best like drake 
im infinite 
The most elusive thing in the world is the remote control 
Scoiler montgomery 
Went to dave&busters ate some spinach and mustard , think I'm might need some pepto bismuth 
i gotta get drunk more 
flyin under the radar , movin in the shadows , who is that 
Today we had class out in the hallway because the door was locked , glorious 
h wud have to be high and drunk , mostly hight to stomach watching Jersey Shore 
