is having problems with random things around the house ... the kind of things we keep men with strong arms around for ... :/ 

at least all my tools are in the right order ! ( thinking i should give into the twitter thing today ... no way !!! you will all have to deal with my random thoughts ... I am busy busy ... and I am actually accomplishing things despite what it might seem ... :P 
does not have enough hours in the day to do everything and stay sane . 
Pretty sure I have the best possible dog in Italy ... and soon to be Japan !!! 
' bout to eat < PROPMALE > and Cheese ... ( Velveeta ! ) and watch Silent Hill for the very first time ... debating on whether that is really an excellent idea ... :P 
Has no internet , if anyone was wondering . Im working it old school at the moment ! horay for libraries !!! 
is a confused confused little girl right now . 
Fabulous Fabulous Times !!! I love my Italy Life !!!!!! 
Looked at my uniform today , and actually became sad that I was getting out ... is that normal ? Im gonna miss my fabulous friends and my fabulous neighborhood . Party house , your days are numbered ... :( 
mmmhhmmm .... I got it . 
says ... uhm ... meet at party house at 8pm for my going away party ... bitches ... everyone who is anyone will be there !!... I Love you Italy and I will miss you DEARLY !!!!!!!!! 
In Rockford/Chicago area ... till after Sept 22 ... hit me up . 
Rawr ! I'm a Cougar ! 
And baby when its love if its not rough it isn't fun ! 
so , so what , Im still a rock < PROPFEMALE > , i got my rock moves ... 
Everywhere I'm looking now ... I'm surrounded by your embrace ... Baby I can see your halo ... You know you're my saving grace 
I don't give a * , Keep looking at my * , ' Cause it don't mean a thing if you're looking at my * , Ha , I'ma do my thing while you're playing with your * , Ha , ha ha , ha ha ha ha 
Had a blast in < PROPFIRST > town with her bestest friend this weekend ! Now , finally , it is time for bed . Goodnight FB ! 
gets more and more frustrated as the days go on ... 
in < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret ... \I'm not gonna get anything here . These panties arn't trashy enough for me . \"" 
wishes she knew the right steps for every situation . 
' I wanna kiss you , but if I do then I might miss you , babe ... ' 
is in no way ok . 
Is sooooo aggravated right now . 
is not welcome anymore ... 
Im going to fix this . Wish me luck 
Just added more clocks to my computer so I stop getting confused ... :/ 
Happy New Year to all my Rockford friends and family ( and those of you in the same time zone ;) ) !!! Hope you rang in the new year in a delightful manner !! love you all ! 
\Do you know what I was right before I was a < PROPFEMALE > fairie ? I was a Velociraptor ! Raaahhhh !!! \"" 
Since my half-birthday just past , and I only JUST NOW saw ALL the birthday wishes from my whole-birthday ... Thank you all ! And Im sorry I suck at saying thanks or doing much of anything in a timely manner ! 
really really really hates spiders ... and that was before she realized that most the spiders around her new home are at least 5 times bigger than the spiders she hated in the first damn place !!!! 
hates that the world is so big and that teleportation devices have not been made yet . 
Wasting time ... I need to do something productive ... meh . 
in the middle of what could be a disastrous hair project :/\ 
/shrug , I can always shave it off again :) 
15 years ago my mother passed to wherever it is that lovely spirits go , 2 years ago she decided that her first grand-baby needed to be with her . Rest in peace to two of the most important people to have graced me with their presences . <3 
8:30 pm and im already ready for a nap ... grrr ..... 
I've made it all night , and im attempting the great feat of cake decoration ... damn birthdays ! ( j/k < PROPMALE > :P ) 
I am the grouch sauce today . 
So , Who wants to pick me up from O'Hare uh ... this Sunday ... ( June 27th ) at 3:15 pm ? 
Lot's to do in Two days ! 
In Rockford , safe and sound ... 
Miss < PROPFIRST > already ! See how good trips can be !? 
My free time is filling up quick ! message me before I have no more time ! 
Going to sing Karaoke with my papa ! 
Just had lunch and a movie with my grandpa , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and my uncle London ... Thanks guys ! I had alot of fun ! 
Hangin with < PROPFEMALE > Vich today ! SOOOOOOOOOOO excited ! 
Happy Fourth of July Everyone !!! Stay safe wherever you happen to be ! 
Bout to go watch the fireworks with my Papa ! Happy Independance Night everyone ! 
Chilling with < PROPFEMALE > Shultz Saavedra today , and then meeting up with < PROPFEMALE > Blaesing & < PROPFIRST > Blaesing tonight ! Eventful day ahead of me ! 
uploading pics now that im forced to use my laptop for the next week ... hehe 
hummz , Sunrise or Culvers ? 
G'night world ... 
Morning world ! Lunch with my sister's in a little while ! YAY !! 
Going Tubing again today ! ahaha !!! Trying to make up for lost tubing time ! 
Heading to Kryptonite , I think ... /shrug . 
Packing ! Full day today for my Last day in town ... Pack , Tubing , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tonight ! Fly out in the morning !!! 
Leaving for Japan , It was nice to get to see those of you I did , and those of you I didnt I will try again next time ! Talk to you all later ! 
Home Safe ! Sorry , it's been a couple days , but ... getting used to the fact that my awake hours are in the dark time again :/ That part I hate ... :) love you all ! 
Going to the pool in the morning with < PROPFEMALE > Matthews Stuprich & < PROPFEMALE > Ham Redfern ! Soooo Excited ! :D 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer ... Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? God bless all of those ... fighting cancer and those who have lost the battle ...... 
... 1 hour more till food !? I dont know if I can wait that long ... snackity snack snacks ... 
Had a blast at the pool , but I need to remind myself that Okinawa sun is not the same as northern Illinois sun ... didn't get me too bad though :) 
wants someone to make her a teleportation device ... C'mon all my electronics-nerd friends , one of you has to have the plan !!! 
Only an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend . If you are an Aunt that loves her nieces and nephews , post this as your status !! 
Wow ... so it is official that I am sooooo far out of shape . I made it less than 20 < PROPFEMALE > into the P90X Kempo vid , paused for some water , then had to go sit down for fear of passing out ... oh well , almost 20 < PROPFEMALE > is a start ! 
I think it's nap time . Girls night took allot out of me ! :) 
So < PROPFIRST > decided that he doesnt like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > based on her being in Maxim's top 100 when he doesnt think she should be ... Have you seen the Maxim top 100 , they could have trimmed it down to 20 with the girls they put in there ... I could easily come up with a top 100 on my friends list that are hotter than the Maxim's 100 . \ 
boys are dumb . 
wishes she had a magic wand ... Life would be much simpler that way ... 
So , I just woke myself up by snort-laughing in my sleep . 
Just watched Return to Oz ... What a great movie ! now im off to bed . g'night :) 
I just added about 3 days worth of music to my library ... which is about as much as I had before , So now Im doubled ! \ 
< PROPFIRST > Bowie , Journey , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , Bow wow wow , B-52's , The Doors ... etc :) 
if i came with a warning label ... what would it say ?.. be honest \ 
And if you're brave post this as your status and see what people say about you ;) 
Sisterweek !? If you have a sister , biological or from the heart , that has made youlaugh , has made you cry , has prayed for you , has strongly hugged you , has seen you succeed , has seen you fail , has cheered you on and has helped keep you strong , ( you know who you are ) .... repost . Love you girls , thanks for always being there :) 
is frustrated . 
Ok , Auburn friends ... What was our class song ? ( 2002 if you were confused on which class ... :P ) 
Woo ! Thunderstorm ! I love a good storm to lift me up . :) 
Ok , thunderstorm while sitting here or sleeping ... fine , great even (!) , but pouring rain !? Still ... C'mon , I have to start the grill soon !!! 
Sculpting , not = bike riding \ 
:( 
To my sisters : I love you all , endlessly . \ 
To all the guys who love one of us : We are all a little crazy , and most of the time we are right ... but I'm positive that each and every one of us has warned each and every one of you of the two above facts . Deal or dont , We still have our sisters :) 
Outside Clean , Check . \ 
Wait for Typhoon , Check . \ 
Am I weird for being excited ? :) 
First wave of rain here ... :D 
meh , typhoon was pretty unimpressive ... I've seen heaver rain on a normal day ... \ 
At least we're all safe and sound , just wishing there would have been a little more excitement to see ... 
Misses her family .. Cant wait to see everyone later this month ! 
wishes any one of her sister's were online to talk to :( 
Next week cant come fast enough ... Cant wait to celebrate the last of the 21st birthdays of us kids ! 
12 hours till I start my journey back to < PROPFEMALE > :) 
See you soon < PROPFEMALE > friends and family ! 
In Rockford , Who wants to see me !? :P 
saw my cousing Zar Veitch tonight for the first time in 15 years ... Rockford ( area ) bars suck ! lol , I had fun though :) Happy Birthday girl ! 
bleh , Sunday in the states means i have to watch crap football ... 
I'M NOT AFRAID of Muslims/ Tea Partiers/ Socialists/ Imigrants/ Gun Owners/ Gays , but I am kinda scared of Spiders ! - Gotta love < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Are any of you trying to call me from < PROPMALE > Park , Illinois !? My parents keep forgetting to take an actual message ... All I know is it's \some Lady \"" 
LOL , After 6 years in the military and basically being only known by my SSN , Today I toatally spaced on it at the bank ... How funny ! 
Anyone in Rockford recommend the Manor Night Club out by SHOGun ? 
chill night bowling , sounds better to me ! :D 
Get to see my LOVE today !!! 
:) In relaxing Idaho . I always forget how much I love it here ... 
We just bought pretentious E-Cigarettes from a pretentious man in the mall . Hopefully our normally un-Pretentious nature will counteract the nature of the product . ;) 
I am free , no matter what rules surround me . If I find them tolerable , I tolerate them ; if I find them too obnoxious , I break them . I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do . ~ Robert A . Heinlein 
< PROPFEMALE > Shultz Saavedra , < PROPFIRST > N . Shultz , < PROPFEMALE > Scalise Are we still planning to go Der Rathskeller before I leave ? Lemme know if you all are up to it . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes , sorry I didn't get back sooner , traveling days stink ! But < PROPFIRST > and I are safely back in Okinawa as of about 2 hours ago ! Rockford and Idaho family and friends , I miss you already . 
I Love being an aunt ! Yesterday my niece Phia told me a story all about how a tiger chased her to my parents house , and she ran REALLY fast to get away and then locked it outside the house ! 
So apparently we are in TCCOR 2 which means a typhoon may blow this way in about a day , even though the Japanese Meteorological Agency has mapped the typhoon to miss us ... Lucky for < PROPFIRST > his Typhoon watch coincides with his work schedule ... 
:( < PROPFIRST > got called into his watch after only 2 hours of being home ... Guess I will be going it alone for the next 24 hours ... 
Typhoon is past us ... We're alive and well so no one worry ... 
Really wish my Internet would start working ... Grrrrrrrr 
19 more days like today ? Feeling like an intruder in your own home is stressful , but when it is done , hopefully we will have cozy winters , cool summers , and not have to listen to the neighbor dog while we try to sleep :) 
mmmm , sleepy ... g'night world ... zzzzzzzzzzzzz 
A politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed soldier once in 6 months if they're lucky . A politician flies 1st class ; a soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced ; a soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys an expense account ; a soldier must justify ... extra rations . A politician vows to defend their country ; a soldier actually KEEPS that promise . Re-post if you appreciate our military 
I really like the smell of freshly sawed wood ... mmm , delish !! 
Had a delicious dinner at < PROPFEMALE > Matthews Stuprich's house last night to celebrate < PROPFIRST > J . Rodriguez getting his dd214 !!! Sad to see him and < PROPFEMALE > Rodriguez leaving our < PROPFEMALE > island , but excited for what new roads lay ahead for\ 
them !! Congrats and Good Luck you two !! You will be missed . 
For the fourth time in my fourteen months in Japan , tonight , I had Sushi ... Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > Matthews Stuprich and her hubby for taking me !! 
Can anyone explain to me why when replacing doors and windows in a home , the contractors would wait until AFTER they put in the frames to stain them ?! 
To all my active duty/prior service military friends -- step up and be recognized ! Change your profile pic to a shot of you in uniform and keep it there until after Veteran's Day . If you're not a vet , thank a vet ! 
I am so sick of hearing people blame their lot in life on situations other than themselves . If you find yourself in a place you do not want to be , look back , take reflection on the choices YOU made that led you there , and turn yourself to the direction you wish to go ! No one can make your life worth living but YOU ! Take solace in that revelation and take the first step in your life . 
Rain ... Rain ... Go Away .... come back when I'm supposed to be sleeping or something ... 
It would be lovely to have my own wheels ... 
Doing my best to put my home back together in some organized fashion . Im done with the mess . 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone\ 
who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and can\ 
breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they\ 
have already been eaten by dragons . Of the 7% remaining , 6% of people\ 
are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , while the\ 
remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this . 
The working crew for my house is almost done ! So excited so I can work on some organization/decorating ideas to make this house a little more like a home :) 
Had a fun night out at < PROPMALE > Bar with some fun people , couple old friends , couple new friends , good times had by all :) 
I made a list for the entire month , that I will post on thanksgiving , but Today I am Thankful that my Dad called me after the family celebration for Thanksgiving so I was able to see and talk to two of my sisters , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . It was nice seeing you girls !!! <3 You ! 
Rockford Area Friends and Family ... Take a head count and let me know you're all ok . 
Today I am thankful that no one was hurt in the Tornado that swept through . Miss and love my family and friends , and so very glad you are all Ok . 
Right now I am thankful that the internet decided to come back on without making a special trip to the internet office ... Time for bed . 
Sometimes I wish there were two of me so I would have someone to bounce my crazy off of ... 
I just rearranged my entire living room on my own ... and I dont think I like it ... Luckily it was 50% the man's idea , so maybe I can get him to help me put it back ... stupid entertainment center ... 
Got allot done today ... now it is time for sleeping ... 
Putting up decorations ... My house is unrecognizable to me right now ... and I realized last night ... if I had the same amount of decorations for any other holiday/season as I do for December ... LOL !! I would need a whole extra room in my house ... :D :D :D 
It's a Jägerbomb at the house kinda night ;) 
So many good things happening in my life right now . 
I\ 
was grrsome the other day when I thought my silver and white ornaments\ 
were discolored , was about to throw them in the trash ... Then Steven\ 
came along , he opened the package they were in and showed me that it\ 
was the packaging that was discolored , not the ornaments ... Now my\ 
tree looks complete :) ? 
WARNING !! \ 
PLEASE READ : If someone comes to your front door and asks you to remove\ 
your clothes and dance with your arms in the air , DO NOT do this . It is\ 
a scam . They just want to see you naked . Please copy and paste this to\ 
your status . I wish I had received this yesterday . I feel so silly now ... ;) 
woah ! it's 49 degrees ... winter on the island is here ! ;) 
Where was I when Freaks and Geeks first came out ...? 
Can anyone help me out ? Wasn't there a Little House on the Prairie Christmas movie ? It's the one where < PROPFEMALE > wants the dress in the shop , and she was going to save her money for that , but instead she buys her mom a washer ... Maybe it was only an episode , but I remember it being longer somehow ... Someone help me out ... 
Just got home from getting married ! :) Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > Matthews Stuprich and her hubbie for being our witnesses and taking us out for post marriage lunch ! 
grocery shopping , pick up wedding certificate , holiday dinner for HUBBY'S work at one of my favorite places !! It will be a good day !! 
Finally off to bed , since I was tired 3 hours ago ... me and my tree obsession !!! :) 
I'm convinced that arts and crafts were created by orthopedic surgeons so they can reap the benefits of all of us developing carpal tunnel ... \ 
And what is the point of giving you a stencil and a piece of paper to achieve the final outcome ? Cant they just save that stencil paper and give you the cutouts of the pretty sheet to begin with ? 
About to go to a craft show with < PROPFEMALE > Matthews Stuprich , Here's hoping we find wonderful things :) 
cleaning and organizing ... When , oh when , will I get to my < PROPMALE > projects !? 
!!! Yea !!! Winter Solstice and a Full Lunar Eclipse !!! What a Wonderful Day ! 
Crimany ... I know I put this stuff up for free , but it is amazing how fast people contact you for free furniture ! 
To my sisters . If you have recent photos of the kids , I would love one ... I can even send you dollars for em ;) 
So , it is the < PROPFEMALE > of the Christian Holiday ... it is 68 lovely < PROPFEMALE > degrees , and I am going to go shopping with < PROPFEMALE > Matthews Stuprich who is supposed to be giving birth today !!! Barring my family being here too , couldnt ask for a better day ;) 
Friends and Family around the globe , have a Happy Happy Holiday !!! Be safe and share lots of love ! \ 
Hugs to you all !!! 
Dear sun ... please come out soon , thanks . 
Thank you sun ! For making an apearance late afternoon yesterday , and for showing those clouds who's boss today . <3 
Going to a heated indoors mineral pool with < PROPFEMALE > Matthews Stuprich for some relaxation ... and hopefully to start up her contractions so we can finally meet Miss Fi !!! 
Just watched < PROPFEMALE > for the first time in my entire life ... anyone else think the mothers death scene was a LITTLE over-dramatic !!??? Goodness ... 
Happy New Year !!!! Hope yours is more exciting than mine !!! ;) 
A Japanese man just delivered us 3 jello shots to our door for 600yen :D 
Sorry about the many posts ... stupid truths thing ... 
Decorations down ! The holidays are officially over ! Getting close to beach time here in Oki ;) Don't hate me , hehehe . 
Watching Jesus Christ Superstar . ( <3 this movie !! ) Thanks oh so much to my papa , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for preforming in this play when I was young so I didn't miss out on this like I have so many other greats ! 
Hopefully getting my ID card tomorrow so no more passes for me !! In other news , everyone wish me luck that my paint doesnt dry for my projects im working on ... Dont really feel like re-mixing paint tomorrow :) 
