Sleep is Good ...... Swim is better ! 

... if i had a mind i'd be able to answer this question ... lol . 
A failed early morning fishing trip at 700AM at tick holler ..... due to 30 degree weather , and a windchill of 20 , plus a gloveless friend equated to 30 < PROPFEMALE > of no fish and a day of hanging out ! 
is no longer tired !! Swim practice today was great !! Car is leaking radiator fluid though .... 
sad swim is over ..... and putting in job applications . 
If i got a nickel everytime i got to tell < PROPFIRST > she should have listened id be eating caviar !!! Why couldn't she wait long enough so i could get more wood ??? We needed the wood to get the golf kart through the mud , but nooooo , she had to try going through anyway !! Just because we have half the gap covered over , she for some reason thinks oh , we can still make it ..... 
So 10 < PROPFEMALE > . later as i am ankle deep in muddy water , in tennis shoes , in this freaking weather , I am trying to lift up one side of the golf kart so she can slide the board under the tires so we can elivate the kart above the stinking muddy mud . And then she goes and loses one of her boots in the mud and i have to < PROPFEMALE > her out of the dumb mud . 
Anyways , the golf kart is still down in the mud , im inside and warm , so is she , but tomorrow im gonna have to get it out ........ bluh ...... We should have just stayed in the pasture we were already sledding in . Now im gonna go drink a gallon of tea because i just want to . 
dosent think he can drink any more tea 
is bored and outta ideas . 
is tired from running for an hour for no reason . 
is so excited about the ACT !.... jk 
' s throat hurts , i was wearing a hat with a stretchy string , i stretched it to far , so the little bead thing snapped back into my < PROPFIRST>'s apple . 
is glad the ACT is over ! Beck ! that was the most non-eciting thing ever ! 
is tired from an amazingly good weekend minus a horrid hour-long process of getting rear ended and getting a report and all sorted out . 
just ingenuitively ( prob . spelled wrong ) used a coat hanger to suspend his exhaust pipe so he could drive again . 
....... not feeling much of anything , kinda normal . 
Butterfinger plus keyboard = unhappy me !!!!! 
Wahoooooo ! The shop can take my car in 2 days ! Much quicker fix than we were originally told !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > splints stink ! 
there are some stupid people that just should not drive . 
wishes < PROPFEMALE > splints would die . 
Shackel cross ..... became shallcross ...... kinda cool . 
IM AWAKE ! 
HURDLES HURDLES HURDLES !!!! ATTACK THE HURDLES !!! NO TRAILING LEG !!! JUMP !!!! 
Pole vaulting .... charge at a hole in the ground , put the pole down , jump and swing ...... much harder than it simply sounds . 
is HOME ! 
is happy ! idk why ! 
is sleepy ! 
thinks camping is insane .... everything goes wrong . 
thinks i eat too much at times . 
has the return of < PROPFEMALE > splints !!! Dun dun dunnnnn . 
is surprised that there is so many people on that this is the first time ive had a scroll bar under the chat icon . 
ug .... im sore from practice . But it is survivable . 
dosent want to do his forensics report ..... 
is happy that track practice went so well . 
is going fishing ! wahoooo ! 
Fishing was great !!!! < PROPFIRST > and i hiked way back into an inlet , and found a beaver den . 
had fun at the track meet , even though i had back to back races , which was killer . And i cleared 8'6\ in pole vaulting . " 
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE !!!! 
my tan line wont go away ..... 
went biking , and hiking and threw a log around , and hacked at some brush with a machettee , can u tell im bored ? 
Off to target ! 
is bored ..... I spy something blue . 
is glad we had a tough , if not a < PROPMALE > short , track practice . 
wants to make a hurdle course out back ...... cause i need to do better . 
' s legs hurt , and it was an easy practice too . 
found one of the baseballs from the baseball game , near his car . So i gave it to the twins so they have a new ball ! 
worked on my grandmother's flower bed , and then spread mulch in our flower beds , and then mowed ..... and i still have the wife beater tan line from that first day in the sun ... :( 
is crazy ... 
just went for a bike ride . 
went out and swung on the swing with < PROPFIRST > . We both feel sick and dizzy now from us spinning eachother , she made it like ten minutes , i did like 5 seconds . 
Im feeling extremely dizzy and queasy after an extreme spinning swing . Fishing was great ! The was a fifth grade huustler trying to sell us a chair too ! 
..... 
im hungry . 
Im hungry again ..... and i just ate taco < PROPFEMALE > , and gondolier pizza .... 
Track was great today even though it rained ! Im frustrated with myself for getting 5th in 300 hurdles because the next 3 people only beat me by a second ...... and the 1st place dude just 4 ... 
is bored 
is going to stand in the rain . 
Today has been jam packed , work was kinda fun though . 
Today is the worst day of my life . 
is afraid of < PROPFEMALE > . 
PURPLE FROGS ! 
Track party was AMAZING ! 
Thank you everyone for all the wonderful birthday wishes yesterday ! It was a good day , even though i got to work . :) 
Once upon a time , in a land very near to the third rock from the sun , upon the moons surface , a tribe of moonapolids walked . They dug great round craters in tribute to the flying homonids in the white spaceship . Okay , im bored ..... lol . 
Swim ! 
I hate Twilight ..... 
Swim + Taco < PROPFEMALE > = Really Happy Me . 
< PROPFIRST > - \Where do you want to go eat ? \ " \ 
Swim Meet Tonight ! Hurray ! 
Swim meet was amazing , we didnt win , but it was a heck of a lotta fun . And everyone was great to be around . Cant wait till SMI . 
Never hit the snooze button on your alarm , just get your sleepy self out of freaking bed . 
This weekend is gonna be amazing ! Im so excited ! 
This weekend was the best weekend of my life . So much fun ! Gotta go again ! 
Yay ! Saturday , my day off ! 
Its Alive ! There shall be a < PROPMALE > B . Swim Team yet ! \ 
Anyone who is interested should message < PROPMALE > , and ask how they can help ! 
Anyone else waiting for school to start so they can sleep in a < PROPMALE > later ??? 
Cant wait for City ! Gonna be great ! 
School ! Here i come ! 
Looks like this will be a great Senior year ! 
Cross country is great ! 
Sooo hungry , all the time .... 
Enjoys being lied to . 
Work again at 6 ! Anyone coming to see a movie ? 
Swim needs to start soon !! 
ANyone hungry ? 
Sure ! I was just meaning she'd get mad . 
thinks that being happy all the time is wonderful . 
Wahoooo ! 
had a great time at the bonfire last night . 
Yay work ! 
Bed time ! 
So cross country and taco < PROPFEMALE > was one of the best nights ever ! 
Getting chased by dogs every time I ride a bike is not fun . Especially when I have to go by several times . 
Work work work . Yet I enjoy it . 
NORTH < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 1 MORE DAY ! AAAAAAA ! 
My hip flexor hurts feels like somebody is stabbing it everytime i move it . 
Gotta love Fall , its just perfect . 
RC Cola+Moonpies+Great People+Great Movie+Pizza = Great Night ! 
Today was great ! One of the best days ever ! 
A 4 day break from school , filled with 4 days of work ! It was still great ! 
And another great weekend comes to an end ! 
I overcame my fear of heights for the first time today ! I actually finished the climbing tower 3 times , rather than quitting halfway through . 
Here in this croud im feeling all alone , turn me around and point me back to home , getting lost more every day , and i cant tear myself away , from the stars in my eyes with no light , here are my terms , have some faith in me , and i'll let you be who you want to be who you need to be , Life on the < PROPFEMALE > couldn't be any stranger . \ 
Gotta love < PROPFIRST > Cook . 
Work is like a zombified trance where i robotically fill popcorn bags and drink cups , and try to sell buckets . Its great though ! \ 
So , this thing called life ..... Its great . Just thought everyone should know . 
RISK ....... not good at 142 AM 
loves great days that shouldn't end . But , can't wait till the next one ! 
Yum , rootbeer float . Almost as good as the moonpie and Rc Cola i had earlier . 
You and I , in a little toy shop , buy a bag of balloons with the money we've got , sat down free at the break of < PROPFEMALE > , till one by one , they were gone . Back at base bugs in the software flash the message somethings out there , floating in the summer sky , 99 Red Balloons go by . Best song ever .... No matter who sings it , or in whichever language its in . 
I just wanna take the exams ! Is that too much to ask for ? Does anyone think so ? Go away snow ! 
And of course swim is cancelled ! NOT FAIR ! I need some rc cola and moonpies .... 
just took a bike ride ..... I don't reccomend that anyone else should go ... 25degrees is too cold .... 
Im such a risk nerd . 
Such a great day . 
WHYYYYY ! Why won't it just magically be fixed ?? Well , its kind of fun to work on , but oh so frustrating . 
SNOW ! PLAY ! PLAY IN SNOW ! \ 
Snow way out . \ 
Snow off . \ 
Snow freaking way you don't find these jokes funny . 
So hungry ... why wont my stomach ever be happy with what it gets ? Why is it so greedy ? 
So , snow + me = ideas ...... like , IGLOO ! YAY ! \ 
It isn't done , and it is really cold on the toes . 
ITS DONE ! 
Me : School ? It isn't cancelled ? YAY ! I get to learn something ! \ 
Mean friend : Why would you want to start learning now after 17 years of not learning ? 
So my igloo collapsed . :( 
6 hours till I wake up , 45 minutes after carpool , 45 minutes after the carpool arrival at UT . KISL SWIM MEET BABY ! WAHOOOOOO ! 
Best day ever . Im so tired . We dropped 47 seconds off our 400 freestyle relay ! Between coffee , a bread shop , KISL , Wild Wings , and a crazy car ride ; im beyond happy . 
Yay ! Now I have work , im sorry homework . 
Swimming on the Willam Blount Swim Team has been the best four years of my life . I would have gone insane without it . Thank you team . Thank you < PROPMALE > , and thank you < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > , i think the risk addiction is back . :) darn game . 
Ug . 10 days till hurdles .... :( Why can't it be 1 or 2 ? 
Wahooooo ! PACKERS ! 
So .......... 6 days . Until absolute joy . Come rain , sleet , snow , hail , tornado , earthquake , tsunami , or nuclear holocaust , I will hurdle . 
So ..... im just going to say it is 5 days now .... even though 5 days is an hour away . 
Yay ! Work time ! 
4 days ! 
3 Days ! 
2 days ! 
1 DAY ! 
Soccer at the park with friends , good stuff . :) 
So , I should be asleep ..... buuuuuuuuttttt ........ oh well . 
It's time for an Eagles relapse . 
Work totally has my sleep clock off track . I wish i was sleepy . 
Please oh please have the pole vault pit out tomorrow ! 
Why do today what you can put off till tomorrow ? Well , tomorrow is when it's due .... Work time ! 
Yay . Sleep time . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA . Anyone else ever get that feeling ? 
C'mon 30 degrees ? there goes a midnight run . Hmm , might eat a pop-tart instead . 
Work again , on stimulus tuesday .... which means filling tons of little bags of dollar popcorn ..... fun stuff . 
Cloudy cool day , good stuff . 
Orange . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ! Can't wait for the meet tomorrow ! Too excitied to sleep ! 
Great ending to a rather dull day . 
Track meet of epic proportions tomorrow . It is going to be great . 
YEAH ! Good meet ! Got first in 300 hurdles and won a shirt . Had like 13 teams there . Let the 4x400 down with second though . Sorry guys . But Chili's was awesome too ! Hey , < PROPFIRST > Albright ...... I just clicked a pen and set it down . 
