Happy new years everyone !!! 

Start the new year off working 24 hours straight ..... again ! 
So like , I have a question ... I know it's going to sound stupid but hey , I'm still a facebook virgin . When someone posts on your wall and you comment back , do they get notified that you commented back ? Or should you do the wall-to-wall thing so that your comment appears on their wall ? LOL totally confused .... 
YAY !!! I HAVE 15 FRIENDS !!!! lol .... this is sad ! 
I HATE PEOPLE WHO THINK THEY ARE IMPORTANT .... WHEN REALLY , NO ONE CARES ! I can think of one person in particular ... 
Today , is dentist day ... I hate the dentist , always sitcking their metal tools in my mouth ! 
I joined Gold's Gym !!! First official workout session was yesterday and my body hurts like hell this morning ! Gotta love that feeling ... 
I never knew credit reports could be so dang detailed ... its kind of scary when you think about it ... those companies know pretty much EVERYTHING about your finances , occupation , addresses etc ... 
is watching Hoarders : Buried Alive right now . The power of the human mind never fails to amaze me . 
is missing my family and home ... 
Is at work and bored as hell ... 
Survived the first day of my last semester in school ... I cant wait for it to be done ... also got clearance to graduate from my two degrees , now i just need university clearance :) 
lost 13 lbs in one month ! I'm on a roll ! 
PASSED MY FIRST EXAM OF THE SEMESTER ! GO ME !!!! lol 
Starbucks Caramel Macchiato Ice cream is AWESOMELY DELICIOUS ! 
20lbs lost and counting yay !!!! 
is not feeling good :( 
Lost 30lbs so far !!! Only 40 more to go till I hit my goal ! 
I don't like people who claim to be your \friend\ " but then fail to prove its true ... why even bother ??? " 
Its snowing :( 
Watching cake boss ... I've always wanted a cake made of fondant ... a Pooh bear shaped cake :) that would be awesome ! 
So , I went and saw Happy Potter and The Deathly Hallows Part 1 last night .... AND IT SUCKED !!!!!! Oh my god it was bad ... it was rushed and they left out so much and changed alot too ... the point of making 2 movies out of one book was so that they wouldnt have to rush through it all .. BUT THEY DID !!! It was totally not worth staying up till 4am ! 
It's cold .... :( 
Sometimes I wonder why in the world I moved to utah ... especially when its 16 degrees outside with 4 inches of snow on the ground and the high for the following day is 13 DEGREES with the low being -3 DEGREES !!!! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!!!! 
Only one more exam ( and its not even a final ) left in my last semester of undergraduate school ! So close to being done ... :) 
I got accepted into the Psychology masters program at the University of Utah ... not sure if I want to go just yet though ... 
Lost a total of 41 LBS so far !!!!!! only 29 more to go till I reach my goal !!!! 
Chocolate Cheerios are awesomely delicious :) 
ATTENTION : the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles . There doing it because kids wil accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with any Child charities . IT'S ON TONIGHTS NEWS . ...... Copy & Paste this on to your status ... - Let everyone know . Change ur pic bacK ASAP 
Well , I am officially done with my undergraduate degree ! It feels weird ... 
First professional work interview this morning ... fingers crossed that I get the job ... :) 
why can't I do magic ? then my house and clothes and car would clean itself !!!! 
Cant wait till my family gets here ! 
WOOHOOO !!!!! Got my 4.0 this last semester ! I cant believe its over ! 
Had fun at < PROPFIRST>'s family Christmas < PROPFEMALE > dinner :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Only 2 hours left of working a straight 24 hour shift :) 
Needs a break from life ! Sometimes I wish I could go back and be a kid again so that I wouldnt have to deal with EVERYTHING ! 
FINALLY GOT A SECOND JOB !!!! PRAISE THE LORD GOD ALMIGHTY !!!! Now lets just hope my current job will work with me on my schedule .... * prays * 
I love my new my touch 4G phone :) 
Start the second job tomorrow ... wish me luck and for the strength to work 70 hour weeks ! 
It's 1/11/11 .. awesome date 
The kids are sleeping so here I am on facebook lol ... 
Sick and tired ... literally 
Enjoying my yummy ready teriyaki chicken from sanseis 
Hey all ... my new address is 910 capital street ogden utah 84401 ... 
The one thing that sucks about working in a daycare is the fact that you always get sick ... this is my second cold in the past two weeks ... damn nose ! 
No matter the deed needing undone and no matter the cost that will in the end be paid ... I will love you more then yesterday but less then tomorrow ... 
is dying for some Leonards Malasadas !!!!!! 
WHY ? \ 
Why cant life be simple ? \ 
why cant things go according to plan ? \ 
why cant hard work pay off ? \ 
why cant people get along in this world ? \ 
why do people have to suck so badly ? \ 
why cant I have been the one raised in a secure , caring , financially stable home ? \ 
why do i have to work so damn hard for EVERY single little thing thats good in my life ? \ 
WHY ????? 
Think the third cold in one month is on its way ... this is not cool ! 
Having a twilight saga day :) ... just watched twilight , now on to new < PROPFEMALE > ( my least favorite of them all ) 
Finally got the courage to quit my discovery clubhouse job .. pray I find a new , better job ... 
Got a ticket for remote starting my car and leaving it running unattended ... wtf is the point of having the system if I'm gonna get ticketed for it ? 
Happy Valentines day everyone ! I hope you get to spend it with someone special whether the love of your life or your best friend :) 
I can't believe I live in a country that would cut funding to environmental and social services in order to fund NASCAR 
Watching the snow fall makes me sleepy ... :: yawn :: 
GOING HOME IN APRIL !!!! FINALLY ... after almost 3 years ... 
Sometimes lifes a bitch ... and then you die ... what a blast ! 
Interview today for a job I REALLY want ... wish me luck :) 
Is tired and sore ... not cool 
Is nauseated , tired and sore ... i hope this doesn't last a long time 
Don't know how I feel about AT&T buying T mobile ... not the biggest fan of AT&T 
So far , i love my new mac ..... so far .... 
The Twilight Saga : The Official Illustrated Guide will be released on April 12th 2011 !!!!!!! well , its only 2 years late .... lol FINALLY 
Just woke up and the first thing I do is throw up ... how can you throw up with NOTHING in your stomach , not even water ? 
