is mega-pissed . I started my new year with my network card inexplicably disapearing from my computer's detection ; both on < PROPMALE > and PC . This blows hard . No internet till this is fixed . 

is getting his computer looked at by an Apple \Genius\ " tomorrow . " 
I have just made a facebook account . Why ? idk . Bergen kept annoying the crap out of me , and I was bored . So , here I am . 
is tired . He doesn't get enough sleep at night , and today was no exception . It's just that so much can get DONE at night ! He figures that he doesn't want to waste it . 
got Steam , finally . Now to get the cash to actually PURCHASE some Valve games .... 
Just realized - the cake may indeed be a lie in SOME cases . 
is eating delicious cake . 
has dropped his cake somewhere .... He should probably go look for it ... 
is annoyed with his programmatic philosophy on the nature of the universe , which he has yet to find a definition for . 
is really , really , REALLY pissed off at BSODs . 
: in ur Megavideo , bypsn ur lmit 
likes the song \Kao Dekai \"" 
is excited about starting a website . He's not so thrilled about having to pay for it , but meh : It's not that much . 
is working hard to hammer out a decent website by tomorrow . 
is tired after going 72 hours with only about 4 hours of sleep ... good night . 
is looking for anyone with decent skills in HTML/CSS to help with website development . Anyone want to help ? 
feels like a machine after hand-inputting 17 forum members data directly into the MySQL database .... 
is teaching himself PHP and MySQL by writing a suggestions submission and retrieval system on his website . 
is using Dreamweaver to write a new phpbb3 theme .... ' cause if he used a pencil , it would too quickly wear through the paper . 
is STILL working on importing the old forum to the new one ... REALLY wished he'd have used a crawler in the first place <.< 
is running a small yard sale at his house . He is bored . 
is WIRED !!!! Nan-ka-i ! Yattemo nan-ka-i ! Yattemo Eaman ga taosenai yo ! 
is up late modding his forum again . This is the best time to do it , as no one is usually online right now . 
FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL !!!! 2 years and counting ... 
: Kanye West is now a meme .... due to his recent outburst with < PROPFIRST > Swift , a new meme seems to have appeared : Photoshop Kanye West into a picture , and add the caption ' Yo < picture character's name > , I'm really happy for you , imma let you finish . BUT < OTHER FAMOUS PERSON > HAD ONE OF THE GREATEST < THING RELATED TO PIC > OF ALL TIME!!!!' Only time will tell just how popular this meme will be ... 
almost ready to unleash the new front < PROPFEMALE > of the weirdos club website 
is gonna wear his pi shirt on class color day :3 
wore no purple today , because there is no reason to take pride in a school that offers crap in a feeble attempt to give students the < PROPMALE > to take IT classes . 
is eating delicious ca -- er , pizza . 
Anybody know any good wireless routers ? I have a Belkin G+ MINO , and it's total crap . 
Pikemon Mystery Gift Event - Starting today , all Northa American owners of Pokemon Platinum can receive Oak's Letter over Nintendo WFC , allowing them to access Shaymin . ( This is isn TF's opinion the BEST pokemon of all time ) 
caught Shaymin today on his first try ! Not really an epic battle , but who cares , it's FREAKIN ' SHAYMIN !!! 
got < PROPFEMALE > Fox : Command at MOA yesterday . 
vais avoir une ordinateur d'Apple . Vraiment , je vias avoir une MacBook Pro ! Je suis très , très heureux ! 
really likes Bleach ! 
just got home from the play \101 Dalmations\ " . I had free tickets ! " 
I just had the BEST luck < PROPFEMALE > ! I went on to Steam to purchase The Orange Box , and found out that everything in the Half-Life franchise was about 50% off this week . At the reduced prices , I was able to purchase Half-Life 1 Anthology in adddition to The Orange Box . 
Steam is being dumb . If I try to play an already-downloaded game while it downloads another , the current download stops . Don't know why . 
RAVENS SUCK ! HAHA ! 
All my friends : Do any of you guys have Steam IDs ? 
Added the Steam Community ID box to my < PROPFEMALE > . I wish there was an app that showed Steam acheivements on FB , though . 
More ppl online on facebook now than i've seen in awhile 
I hate iMovie ' 09 so bad , that I had to go find a ' dubiously obtained ' version of iMovie HD and get my video editing tools back ! 
recorded his ENTIRE French class using GarageBand today . 
Every kid in my family is sick with some kin of sore-throat/nautia bug . Might be strep , but preliminary tests are negative . I'm not sick , and haven't been so . You might want to stay away from me at school today ... 
HOLY CRAP . LIONS ! tours 
got CS3 Design Standard on his computer 
anybody remember wwhat < PROPMALE > said about cake + heroin ! = drugs ? 
just drove a splinter under his toenail . OUCH !!!! 
feeling a biit bored , but is by no means without something to do . < PROPMALE>'s Mod time soon ! 
My stupid 2.4 GHz cordless phone continues to interfer with my < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Bleach Chapter 62 was awesome ! 
is learning Java , in < PROPMALE > now . 
Holy crap about Mr. Bartels ' pedophileness ! Screwed up ... 
ah , the start of the three dat weekend ! 
bored with free day ... 
is a little bored . requests for wallpapers/pics , anyonez ? 
reading Watchmen 
realized he should tell the world that an object's initial momentum is always equal to 3.141592653589793238462643383279502884197169399375105820 . 
Bergen will comment on this 
likes Left 4 Dead , but especially likes the awesome price he got it at ! 
CounterStrike Extreame Gore Edition ! RATED M FOR MANLY ! 
passed my license test ! 
almost done with my AS2 command console subprogram . 
came home and slept until 8:00 PM . Now I can't sleep ... 
is FINALLY finished with his ActionScript console framework ! After I finish documenting and commenting it , I'll publish it . 
why is it that in order to turn off the computer , you need to open the start menu ? 
had to come up with a new XML markup language for his documentation . And NOW I have to learn XLS to make it look good . 
still plugin away at writting my documentation ... tgif !! So far I've written 17.4 KB worth of data in the documentation . xml file . 
bought CounterStrike : Source . Get it now and it's only $5 !!!! 
Is runing Firefox 3.6 Beta 4 ... the Gecko 1.9.2 engine has added some yummy new features ! CSS gradients ftw ! 
Today's featured article on Wikipedia is < PROPMALE > simpson ! 
YAY WEEKEND ! 
wonders why everyone seems to be changing their profile pics to pokemon , but oh well , guess i will too ! 
is working on a quizing application for M . Swanson . To be written in Java , bien sûr . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ! COME ON IT'S TIME TO GET UP !!!! 
YAAAAHH ROCKBAND 2 !!!!!! 
You know what ? Just want to quit ? Lost your way ? The answer lies in video games . Game . It's the only way to win . And by reading the first word of each sentence . 
oh wow . Defragmenting is going to gain me a whole GIGABYTE of space . yay . I need a new internal hard drive bad . 
steam has the SLOWES T download times ever right now . must be the postchristmas sale . 
if you still don't have L4D , it's on sale for $7.49 again ( BUT TODAY ONLY ) . Also L4D2 is on sale for $37.00 ! I'm getting it now , if you do add me to your steam friends ! 
Resolutions :\ 
1 . ) Become less empathetic\ 
2 . ) Practice using negative emotion as a drive for positive action\ 
3 . ) Finish Halcyon 
is wondering how many people would use a Steam Gamerscore if it was on Facebook ? 
Pluggin away on that steam crawler ! 
just had a realization : It is impossible to invent anything . You can only discover ways to put things together . 
is so happy ! I got FIRST PLACE in Fundamentals of Web Design at the BPA Regionals . 
Avatar : The most fepic movie ever ! 
on dinner break at ATF convention nao ... 
What is up with this virus ? Normally , you get a cold and are sick for a day at most . I've been sick since Saturday . Sis thucks . 
this is crap . Currently in my family , we have RSV , strep , and a very nasty version of the common cold going around . Not to mention associated ear infections . 
in Urgent Care now for sinus . I think I have a bacterial infection , but we'll see ... 
I call BS on Academy ! Hurt Locker producer totally cheated ... 
Finished my BPA competitions just now . The Java programming toook me too long ; I knew what I had to do , but couldn't write it fast enough :( . I think I did ok on Web Fundamentals , though . 
All right , awards ceremony over . My results : 2nd Place in Information Technology Concepts , 3rd Place in Java Programming , and Finalist in Web Fundamentals . I will be going to NATIONALS for IT Concetps and Java in Anaheim , California ! 
mowntniz of red - simblsm of teh thrilz . 
furries becoming more mainstream due to Avatar ... Avatarophiles just don't yet know that that is what it makes them , lol . 
my brother meant to say five o'clock shadow . He said twelve o'clock shower . <.< 
joined Gaia ... immediately I found an exploit : It gives you gold for browsing ... I wrote an Automator application that constantly switches between Gaia pages . Even as I post this Safari is running in the background , controlled by Automater and earning me gold :P 
got too cocky with my Gaia bot . It was caught by flood control when set to 2 seconds between each refresh . I'll set up a program to randomly visit links , and have a waiting time of 4 seconds . 
Hm ... Gaia ... 
Woot , Purple Comet ! 
holy crap . LIONS ! tours 
going to have a batman marathon , Batman Begins followed by Dark Knight 
GAH ! Accidently kicked a solid glass vase ! Hurts so much I'm lying down and elevating it . 
Batman Begins was good . On to Dark Knight ! -- My foot has my laid up . All I'm going to be able to do tonight is watch movies . >:( 
Abstract the world ; there is no reason for you to believe it exists . Deny yourself emotions ; the most intense of these will only hinder what little difference you'll make in your mentally-constructed fantasy world . What gives you the right to determine what is the truth and what is an illusion ? 
just got a cell phone ! With my Samsung Trance , I've now full entered the 21st Century . 
Update status : posting from my new cell phone ! 
if you keep sending messages to someone when they ask you to stop , is it textual harrassment ? 
In the hotel now . Going on plane tomorrow À 3 AM 
On shuttle to airport now . It won't be long now ! 
Security was surprisingly painless . Not like the horror stories you hear about ruined luggage and cavity searches . 
HOLY CRAP ! BOARDED PLANE , TAKING OFF IN 10 MINUTES ! 
My first flight ever was awesome ! 
Now leaving LAX by shuttle bus . I'm in CA ! 
In < PROPFEMALE > hills now 
In the ghettos of LA . Gang tags everywhere ... 
jet lag sucks . Oh well , at least there's free wi-fi at this hotel ... 
Boarding Disneyland shuttle 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > tours 
They need to have that kind of VR in video games 
\It's a small world after all ... \"" 
Woot disneyland parade 
finally got around to configuring iPhoto to publish to Facebook . All my family's vacation pics will be uploaded as soon as I get them into iPhoto now . 
Just finished my web competition . It was pretty easy 
Just won top ten recognition award for web design fundamentals ! 
Went swimming in the Pacific yesterday . Had a scare when my four-year-old brother went missing . Eventually we found him with a life guard . He was alright . 
Just got steam for < PROPMALE > ... Unfortunately there's only a few titles converted to play on < PROPMALE > so far ... Good news is that Steam Play allows me to play previously purchased games that have been ported . Performance in those games is horrible though . I haven't tried < PROPMALE > Portal yet . 
why is it that 4Kids uses the same ten voice actors for every series they ever produce ? 
which geometrical shape has an orthocenter = $ 100,000 question on millionaire ? really ?!? 
Just got that web design contract signed . I'm in business . 
I've started to download my games back onto my computer . To think I'll \ 
be able to have them all on at once ! 
SHUDDUP I AM LADA GAGA 
finished making my compy-comp triple boot with < PROPMALE > OS X , Windows XP , and Ubuntu . 
Huh . MGS3 - Snake Eater sounds like its from < PROPFIRST > bond ... 
Linux is better than Windows is better than Mac . \ 
\ 
Also : running Ubuntu right now . fepic . 
just found out : apparently \my dealer got arrested\ " is not an acceptable answer when my mom\ 
?????? ? u ????? ?, u ?? ?? ou ? noq ? ????? p ?? u ??? os ? p ?????? ? ? u ????? ?,? 
Google Search Results Analysis :\ 
\I hate internet explorer\ " : 642 
Internet facts part 1 :\ 
based on Google Search Results Analysis :\ 
( assuming that every result equals one person)\ 
There are 4 times as many people who claim to be girls than boys on the interent\ 
Safari is the least-liked browser , followed by IE . More people like Firefox than TWICE the amount of people who like Chrome , Opera , Safari , or IE . COMBINED . 
Internet facts part 2 :\ 
51% think the egg came first , 49% say it was the chicken . \ 
64% of people think the glass is half full , while the minority is comprised of pessimists . \ 
12% of people hate the internet . \ 
Pepsi is thought to be better than Coke by 54% of those polled . 
Internet facts part 3 :\ 
There are eight times more heterosexuals than homosexuals ... and there are 1.6 times as many bisexuals as there are heterosexuals . \ 
Roughly two and a half times more people prefer Google over Bing . \ 
66% of users think Facebook is the better social network , whereas the other 33% still enjoy MySpace . 
Love how ever action movie director thinks that the Wilhelm Scream will improve the movie ... yeah , ' cause it totally doesn't ruin the immersion . 
So ... Any thoughts on this ' Goldeneye 2010' ? \ 
I don't think any company will ever beat Rare's masterpiece , but we'll see ... 
Dude if you have Steam get on there nao !!!!!! HUGE deals in like EVERY category ! 
He sewed his eyes shut because he is afraid to see\ 
He tries to tell me what i put inside of me 
Seen in the fb ads : Amigo is a Facebook-only service that allows users to safely video chat \ 
with random people . \ 
LAWLZEZ 
Mass Effect feels like a movie ! Like KOTOR , but WAY more RPGish ! 
I wonder whats for DINNER . 
VIRUS ALERT : If you recieve an email from UPS claiming that they missed you , DO NOT OPEN THE ATTACHED INVOICE . This is a new virus , and it's too new to be detected by certain antivirus programs . 
poop 
I hate myself 
Taka 
Rammstein on Sennheisers = = yes . 
anyone else think Monster tastes like friggin ' carbonated cough syrup ? 
< sarcasm > weeeeee nihilism < /sarcasm > . 
OMFG MYST IS ON STEAM ! 
Just saw a DOUBLE RAINBOW ! What does this mean ? 
Life is such a paradox . 
\ ... Gott weiss ich will kein Engel sein\ " \ 
actually a legitimate owner of ghost in the shell now ... 
NiN's \Hurt\ " is fun to listen to when coming off of a caffeine high after being sleep deprived ... yay quiet distortion ... " 
anybody see itunes 10 ? Honestly I'd LIKE to believe that not everyone at apple is a complete idiot . Then they come out with the changes to the UI in iTunes 10 . THEY BROKE THEIR OWN FRIGGIN ' HUMAN INTERFACE GUIDELINES ! 
When there is no emotion , there is clarity . 
At apple < PROPFIRST > orchard . There are afro chickens here . 
Expose yourself to simulations of traumatic events in order to desensitize yourself , so that if such events actually happen to you , you will be as emotionless as possible , and able to make logical decisions . 
Intimate relationships are a liability . No simulation can prepare you for a significant other's death , betrayal , or breakup . 
Well . 
You remember how Viacom wanted YouTube to hand over usage data on ALL USERS ? You remember how Viacom wants to take YouTube off of the internet ? < PROPMALE > S . 3804 , aka the Combating Online Infringements and Copyrights Act ( COICA ) will make it possible to prove that YouTube is illegal , and allow the government to SHUT DOWN YOUTUBE . Guess who's backing it ? 
\There are already laws and procedures in place for taking down sites that violate the law . [ COICA ] would allow the Attorney General to censor sites even when no court has found they have infringed copyright or any other law\ " -EFF " 
Been working on a PHP project for 1.5 solid days . Time to take a small break . 
PHP , XHTML , CSS , JavaScript , Java , ActionScript , Python , and C . 
It's impossible to argue that Apple is worse than Microsoft . Microsoft has not yet had opportunities to ban open-source software from a mass app market . If given the < PROPMALE > , they would too . It's all about the money in the end . 
Swelling in thumb starting to go down . I must be the first person in local history to sustain injury due to lightsaber combat . 
Why does the porridge bird lay its eggs in the air ? 
Snow . That is all . 
Why didn't Naboo just jam the signal coming from the droid control ship ? 
Blade Kitten is strangely addictive . It's been awhile since I've played a platformer . 
Bad news for PHP : my internet is down and cant be fixed until friday 
never mind , internet fixed . 
people are not basically good ... on the other hand no one is basically evil ... rather , a man in his right mind will try to do good , but one man's good is another man's evil due to the subjective nature of morals . 
The reasoning man must reject religion as any premise . He cannot predict what happens after death , as this is as much outside of the limits of reason as religion . He can , however , make a strong inductive argument that death is inevitable . \ 
How much this man must wish that he could be ignorant again ! But what has been seen cannot be unseen . 
IS the cake a lie ? Some say it isn't . I think they just wish it were real . 
I'm kind of bored and I wanna debate . So ... what is YOUR problem with furries ? 
Furries are normal people . 
\You brought my bismuth to school ?! \ " - < PROPFIRST > DuBois " 
Watching Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog while waiting for freakin ' Quest to decide to work . 
sometimes it seems like `npc kill all` is a viable option . 
Liebe ist nicht für mich ... Gott ist nicht für mich ... Was mache Ich ? \ 
someone who knows < PROPMALE > tell me how to say that better ... 
WHAT FACEBOOK IN GARRY'S MOD !?!? 
Yay , watching musical < PROPFIRST > from My Fair Lady ! 
Introducing the New Profile : We here at Facebook just love sharing , and now we've made it even easier to share as much personal data as possible ! No longer will people have to click through your profile to see personal information : It's all on the front of your profile < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Bored . I think I'll program some < PROPFEMALE > . 
I just love Steam holiday deals ! 
Logic doesn't always permit the favorable resolution of cognitive dissonance . 
Dang . Programming < PROPFEMALE > makes it hard to think ! 
Q : You're in the grocery store with a broken cart . How will you ever be that hungry ? \ 
A : It has nothing to do with my hunger . I was just minding my business , shopping with a perfectly good cart , when all of a sudden , a strange ninja dressed in a purple scarf leaped from the ceiling , pulled out his standard-issue rubber ball , and used it to melt the side of the cart , causing the lasers on the cart to misfire . 
Very soon I will have created a program that makes logic connections ! I feel like a mad scientist ! 
Is it a superconcept or a property ? I DON'T KNOW ! 
Trying to find a good name for my < PROPFEMALE > program . Any suggestions ? 
lol , reading a webcomic from ' 01 : character in it brags about his comp's 40 gig HD . 
It makes me feel awesome to have Halcyon say stuff such as ' < PROPFEMALE > core memory saved to disk ' 
I look back on some of the things that used to make me laugh and I realize that I just don't care anymore . ... ... ... ... ... ... 
What can a programmer do to express himself ? I'm not a visual artist , I can't write , and I don't sing . The best I got is some cheap Photoshop effects . Curse this left-brainedness . 
Just got done watching GITS and GITS 2 for English . Love those movies . 
finally done with that stupid homework ... I hate CPW ... 
Philosophy is questions that may never be answered . Religion is answers that may never be questioned . – Anonymous 
OMG Awesome new content in minecraft . 
Holy .... Smosh prophesied Minecraft . Anyone remember Boxman ? 
I'm going to fix the problem of mortality . Medically , or mechanically , but I'm going to do it . 
lol , happy tree friends 
BPA Region 1 Results : 1st Place Fundamentals of Web , 1st Place IT Concepts , 2nd Place Java Programming , 1st Place Web Application Team . 
The ending to Inception probably doesn't matter as much to materialists . 
Sweet . Integrating GoogleMaps in the web application system . 
Feels good to promote open source . Just finished installing Ubuntu w/Unity as the sole OS on a netbook . 
I was just shown the excellence of reddit . There is a subreddit for furries . :3 
It's hilarious watching PETA and feminists fight . 
Installed Homebrew channel on my Wii . Now maybe I'll get some use out of it . 
Wow , surprise snow day ! 
upgraded to Firefoxy 4 . 
My computer is bricked . Thanks , Apple . 
