Don't wake me , I plan on sleeping in ................... 

“I always like to look on the optimistic side of life , but I am realistic enough to know that life is a complex matter . ” 
let it tickle in the wind 
I LOVE LIFE 
When life gives you lemons , just say ' Fuck the lemons , ' and bail . 
Take me down to the paradise city Where the grass is green and the girls are pretty 
Home at last 
I got accepted to Saint < PROPFIRST > . HOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLAAAAAA 
is back 
The secret story is the one we'll never know , although we're living it from day to day , thinking we're alive , thinking we've got it all under control and the stuff we overlook doesn't matter . 
cause when the roof cave in and the truth came out i just didn´t know what to do but when i become a < PROPFEMALE > we´ll be living so large i´ll do anything for you 
Not everything that can be counted counts , and not everything that counts can be counted . 
Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing . 
When making a decision of minor importance , I have always found it advantageous to consider all the pros and cons . In vital matters , however , such as the choice of a mate or a profession , the decision should come from the unconscious , from somewhere within ourselves . In the important decisions of personal life , we should be governed , I think , by the deep inner needs of our nature . - Sigmund Freud 
When your ride is over and you’re hanging by a thread . As your house of cards is falling , just remember what I said . 
And I feel this coming over like a storm again . 
Great minds discuss ideas ; average minds discuss events ; small minds discuss people . 
You never learn anything by doing it right . 
Difficult not to feel a little bit ........ 
Believe in me , Cause I was made for chasing dreams . 
It's puppy cradle death syndrome ! The Code ? Asstastic ... Yes , Asstastic . A-S-S-TASTIC did you get that ? Are we good ? 
It is foolish to wish for beauty . Sensible people never either < PROPFEMALE > it for themselves or care about it in others . If the mind be but well cultivated , and the heart well disposed , no one ever cares for the exterior . 
The truth will set you free . But first , it will piss you off . 
Absence diminishes small loves and increases great ones , as the wind blows out the candle and blows up the bonfire 
They call me Dolla D ' cause I'm twice as good as 50 Cent ! haha 
BEST THANKSGIVING EVER ! 
Time together is just never quite enough ........ What would it take to make or break this ....... We need time , only time . 
“The difference between school and life ? In school , you're taught a lesson and then given a test . In life , you're given a test that teaches you a lesson . ” 
“I believe that it's better to be looked over than it is to be overlooked . 
Strange , that some of us , with quick alternate vision , see beyond our infatuations , and even while we rave on the heights , behold the wide plain where our persistent self pauses and awaits us . 
Hot as a fever , ratting bones I could just taste it , taste it If it's not forever , if it's just tonight Oh , it's still the greatest , the greatest , the greatest You , Your sex is on fire ...... 
I am heaven sent , don't you dare forget . i am all you've ever wanted , what all the other boys all promised . sorry i told . i just needed you to know ..... 
Moving down to Saint < PROPFIRST > FRIDAY ! But don't worry I'll be back for the holidays . 
Hello there ..... the angel from my nightmare .......... 
\If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything . \"" 
Don't wake me , I plan on sleeping in ...... 
Finally home . Now its game time ! 
The roots of education are bitter , but the fruit is sweet . Aristotle 
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute , and it seems like an hour . Sit with a pretty girl for an hour , and it seems like a minute . THAT'S relativity . -- < PROPFIRST > Einstein . Happy Valetines day . 
And the cow says ....................... 
I love it when you call me Big Poppa ; Throw ya hands in the air if you's a true playa ............... 
Story of my life ....................... 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love in my mind .......... 
...... All the above ! 
I'm more animal than the zoo allows .... Your local news , I'm 60 minutes . 
You know how I know you're gay ? 
Welcome to My World ............. 
Till the roof comes off , till the lights go out , till my legs get out , Can't shut my mouth . Till the smoke clears out - am I high ? Perhaps . Imma rip this shit till my bone collapse . 
Moving to the country gonna eat alot of peaches . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Don't wake me I plan on sleeping in ..... 
I want a quadriga for Christmas ! 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars\ 
I could really use a wish right now . 
A pirates life for me ! 
Welcome to Atlanta , where the playas play ! 
That's why I pick and choose , I don't get shit confused \ 
I got a small circle , I'm not with different crews \ 
We walk the same path , but got on different shoes \ 
Live in the same building , but we got different views 
Home at last ! 
To whom is may concern , \ 
Thank you for one day of sun before school ! 
The Falcons Dat's Who ! haha . 
Chuckin up my Deuces 
Say it with yea chest ! 
Excuse me miss , what's your name ? 
I saw KSU beat GT on ESPN . That was awesome ! 
I tend to think of myself as a one man wolf pack . 
< PROPFEMALE > , here I come ! 
“Life is all about timing ... the unreachable becomes reachable , the unavailable become available , the unattainable ... attainable . Have the < PROPFEMALE > , wait it out It's all about timing . ” 
Eclipse ! 
\Unfortunately that's irrelevant now . \"" 
Everybody to < PROPMALE > and Busters ! 
Thank you all and to all goodnight . 
Patient quote of the day ! \ 
Me : how do you feel ? \ 
Patient : I feel with my fingers . \ 
Haha . Killing me ! 
You know who has two thumbs and hates paperwork ? This guy ! 
