is watching True Blood ! First episode yay !! 

really needs to get a new profile picture . 
is feeling accomplished ! Got the bathroom clean and half packed , the kitchen's a WIP , the computer room just needs me to gather the trash and vacuum , and started on the front room ! GO ME ! 
is officially done moving stuff from the apartment to the house ! Now all I have to do is worry about UNPACKING it all . Which I can do later . 
is a klutz and burned her finger on dinner ! EPIC FAIL ! 
got flight to Idaho Falls booked ! And Mom is set to pick me up . Can it be November yet ? 
has one episode of True Blood season 2 to watch then she'll be caught up and wanting December to get here that much faster ! 
also thinks she is either sick again or coming down with something , so if I keep my distance everyone knows why . 
HACK ALERTS !!!! * DO NOT REQUEST TO ADD A ' < PROPFEMALE > COLAC ' AND ' ALEJANDO SPITZNER ' THESE ARE HACKERS . SO TELL ALL ON YOUR WALL . IF SOMEONE ADDS THEM THEY EARN YOUR CONTACTS , EMPTY COMPUTER AND ADDRESSES 
Vacation has officially started ! I'm off work and FREE FREE I TELL YOU ! 
is getting herself ready to fly home tomorrow , has a few errands to run then will be crashing at < PROPFEMALE > Wright ' s house . YAY ! 
is back in Puyallup and glad to be . 
is coming down with something , she's not sure what yet . She has a rather obnoxious cough . 
is still sick , took a shower it helped a little . I've moved into coughing and sneezing mode . And I have work tomorrow YAY ! 
doesn't matter how much her chest hurts , the coughing just keeps coming . Survived work , took some expectorant , hoping it helps where NOTHING ELSE has . 
thinks hot tea , < PROPFEMALE > , and whiskey are awesome . Throat doesn't hurt ! Let's see if it helps with everything else ! 
thinks she might be getting BETTER . Now if only the sneezing would let up . 
facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! OMG ! so cool ! 
Ugh , and now I have the cough AND a newly developed sore throat . * grumbles , but is happy she's off work tomorrow * 
DAMN YOU < PROPFEMALE > I DON'T NEED AN APP TO OBSESS OVER ! 
I am a genius , I burned my forehead with my blowdrier . * facepalm * 
wishes that the illnesses that keep floating a work would quit it . I'm coming down with a cold AGAIN . Dry scratchy throat and an overwhelming sense of exhaustion . I'm eating and am contemplating a nap . We'll see what happens . 
Haha I just randomly decided to look for MY side of the family on Facebook . 
\Now don't go ninjain ' people that don't need ninjain ' . \ " Lol tonight's been a good night . " 
had a blast last night hanging with friends , and karaoke-ing ! Needless to say , singing in front of strange people of my own volition ? That was a first for me . 
You know , it makes me feel good that I can take the pants I normally wear off without having to undo them . :D 
loves being accused of shit that she's not guilty of . 
thinks someone tried to hack her account , so if anyone got anything weird from me message wise in the last 24 hours , please let me know . 
Okay I should be in the clear . 
Really Facebook ? My anniversary is today !? YOU DON'T SAY !! OMG I THINK I MIGHT HAVE FORGOTTEN . /sarcasm 5 years ! 
is glad to be home , apparently < PROPFIRST > ( the cat ) missed me just as much as he missed the husband ! 
Grocery shopping yay ! 
If you have a HUSBAND that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , who is your world , and a man that you can thank God every night for . Copy and Paste this with your anniversary date ...... 01 April 2005 
Windows 7 is shiny 
Testing TweetDeck , how's everyone doing ? :) 
Sleeping or working ( 08:00 - 14:00 PDT ) 
Age of Conan time !!!! 
is watching Ghost Hunters . 
Just finished my daily workout , cooling down before it's time to hop in the shower and doll myself up for ladies ' night out ! :D 
watching Puppetmaster full screened , so if you message me I might not see it . 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers on my list ! 
is really miffed that people can't be out and honest with her . And is miffed that they have the gall to take it out on people on FB and not explain why . If you have a problem with someone , tell them about said problem and don't take it out on other people . The only reason I may not hold through with this is the fact that if I confront particular people it's just going to cause more problems for those not involved . 
Anyway , I'm moving on , and I'm not going to let this get to me . I'm tired of the drama , I really really am . 
is looking at < PROPFEMALE > patterns , yay ! 
Crocheting an example . 
Finishing the beret I'm working on 
ATTENTION !!!!!!! As of today , there is a NEW\ 
PRIVACY setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with \ 
PLEASE ALL PARENTS ... BE AWARE ! Fox 5 news \ 
reported : DO NOT join the group currently on facebook with the title \ 
\Becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " . This is a\ 
Not in the best of moods , going to go workout in attempts to work off some stress . 
Yay ! I inherited soft homespun yarn to make more hats with !!!! 
Feeling like shit . And watching 28 Days Later . 
Woot ! I fixed my favorite purse ! 
THERE\ 
IS A VIRUS SPREADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . DO NOT ACCEPT ANYTHING FROM \ 
ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS THAT ASK YOU TO WATCH A VIDEO ON YOU TUBE TITELED \ 
\OBAMA\ " . SNOPES JUST CONFIRMED . IT IS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS CALLED \ 
Off to bed for the night , see y'all tomorrow ! Sleep well ! 
Cleaned the bathroom , getting towels laundered , and finished straightening my room back up . I feel better . :D 
Attempted to work on the hats for ren faire , and my fingers don't seem to want to work with me , so I'm surrendering for the night and will try again later . 
Loping day already and it's only 13:30 . I may crash when I get home , will decide when I get there . 
Thoughts and prayers to my coworker , and good friend < PROPFEMALE > who's mom passed away earlier today . Loss is never easy , but it's something everyone understands . I LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > !!! Don't hesitate to call/message if you need anything . 
Last night was a blast . I love my friends . :) 
I have officially been drawn into Warhammer 40k . Just painting my HQ for the Witch Hunters . It's looking awesome . 
is thinking about going walking .... 
is sick and though she's miserable ( who ordered the heat !? ) she made it through work . Only 3 more days and I get a day off . Let's see if I can do it , I think I can . I'm so calling it an early night I think . 
Was scheduled to work 06:00 - 13:30 today ( which was supposed to have been my day off but I got requested to work and obliged ) . I survived 2 1/2 hours before being sent home sick . I am now home and going to sleep as I do NOT feel good at all . So if you call or otherwise message me and don't get a response that's why . 
Feeling a little bit better . Lots of water , again hating the heat because the house likes to retain that heat . Come on Washington rain ! Lol . Just to cool it off is good . \ 
I appreciate my coworkers , they are such awesome friends to have . \ 
I am watching Ghost Whisperer and making curry . 
WOOT for two days off in a row ! I have time to not rush around ! Things to worry about just include straightening the house up and running a Rug Doctor over the carpets ( they've been neglected for a year , so in all honesty they aren't that bad off ) . 
is now home from the doctor and just took a dose of muscle relaxers and pain killers . ( I fell in the bathroom last night and sprained my lower back , no broken things it seems . ) Am on light duty as far as work goes for the next week , will re-evaluate then . If things don't improve , I'm set to get an x-ray and go from there . 
Feeling a little better , still sore but it's not spreading as bad as it was , now it's localized pain and still worse when I move , sit , or stand for a long period of time . I've taken my pain killers for the morning . \ 
\ 
Inspection went well , no surprises there , and the lease got extended without a hitch , wootz ! 
A\ 
U.S. Soldier somewhere in the world is missing their family while \ 
you're at home caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read \ 
this , soldiers all over the world are not only saving lives , but \ 
sacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation \ 
Week .. Repost if you are or were a soldier , love a soldier , hold \ 
memories of a Fallen Hero , or simply appreciate the Military . 
is priming Warhammer pieces so she can just bust them out and paint them when she feels like it . Back still hurts but I'm trying to go pain killer free today , we'll see if it works . 
So it's looking like I'm not going to be going pain killer free , if my pain level doesn't drop soon , I'm gonna take something . 
Home from work and grabbing garb related stuff from < PROPFEMALE > Wright's place , now just need to see about making a couple hats , packing and last minute things ( like getting myself a new sleeping bag since some bugs in the garage coup d'etated mine ) . I am off to start laundry , and pull out my ... crocheting hands . :D 
is home from Oregon , and happy to be sleeping in her own bed ( as opposed to on the hard ground in a tent ) tonight . Had a blast ! Will post pictures sometime soon . 
So anyone on my list that has an apple corer that they use on a regular basis , be CAREFUL when using it ! I was using mine this morning , and the metal cutting pieces came OUT of the handle , and I ended up slicing my finger open in the process . This is the first time since I was a kid ( my parents have one ) that this has happened , but it only takes once . I'm alright , the wound isn't that bad , it could have been worse . 
Ow ow ow , so I'm attempting < PROPMALE > taping my finger in hopes that it stops hurting soon . Hurting less than a makeshift splint , so here's hoping ? I can bend the finger , I just can't make anything near a fist yet . But I'll keep trying . Got through work okay , still having a hard time typing lol . 
has Thriller in her head . 
Is now only a partial red head . :D But my roots are covered and that was the point ! 
has realized , holy crap , I need new glasses . My left eye is fine , but it looks like my right eye needs an updated prescription . 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!! Do\ 
NOT join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a \ 
Allergies suck . 
Allergies ( or at least what I'm hoping are just allergies are kicking my butt . I'm going to take a nap and see if that helps any . 
just got some news on her brother , it's decent news , thankfully . 
' s sides are KILLING her . But it's good pain so she won't complain more than that . Exercise is good ! 
I have a Halloween costume ! 
The Haunt was awesome ! We scared some adults , and older kids , it was a blast . Will post the few pics I got tomorrow , been up since 4:3 this morning , I'm tired . HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE ! 
Home ! Time for a shower and to get ready for all the evening has in store muahahah ! 
Don't forget to turn your clocks back tonight ! 
Love that I logged into Sims 3 to help < PROPFIRST > with his homework , then I end up playing it for longer than I meant to , lol . 
Home from work , and hopefully gonna be able to get a handle on my asthma . Hoping I've not got bronchitis again , it'd mean a trip to the doctor/ER if I have . So far I'm able to breathe alright , but that's thanks to my inhaler . Ugh , I'm crossing my fingers . 
Oh hey power is out . Happy I have a back stock of candles , lol . 
No , Facebook , I really don't want to make you my homepage . My Gmail is my homepage thank you very much . 
Road conditions are red , and being \essential personnel\ " I am out on them . Blagh . " 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! 
has finally remembered her version of Pachelbel Canon in D in it's entirety ! :D 
Alrighty , it's off to bed with me . GOODNIGHT Y'ALL! 
Sitting on the couch , drinking some double bergamot < PROPMALE > Grey tea ( of the Stash variety ) and watching Jurassic Park . It's a cozy night . 
Back into regular workouts , and waiting for < PROPFIRST > Reynolds to get home so they can participate in their joint ( and much needed ) meditation session . 
G'night everyone ! 
ROCKBAND 3 IS AWESOME !!! Someone buy me a pro guitar for xmas ? :D j/k 
Time to get the last of the Xmas shopping done ! 
Catnip bubbles and catnip spray equate to quite a bit of entertainment . 
Now if could kick this stomach bug I seem to have contracted I'd be great . Almost halfway done with work , here's hoping I make it through the second half . 
has got a migraine coming on . Urgh . 
ATTENTION : the\ 
group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon \ 
character is actually a group of pedophiles . There doing it because \ 
kidswill accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon \ 
picture . It has nothing to do with any Child charities . IT'S ON TONIGHTS\ 
NEWS . Copy & Paste this on to your status - Let everyone know ! 
just finished putting up the tree and lights around the house with < PROPFIRST > Reynolds's help . :D 
yay my room is clean and organized again , woot . 
Finished my Inquisitor's Retinue for my Sisters of Battle for Warhammer 40k . Next up , I'll either finish my Rhinos or start on either my Seraphim , Terminators , or my basic SoB squads . I haven't decided yet . 
everyone be warned ( mostly my coworkers ) I've got the sniffles , and feeling like I'm getting a sore throat . So don't be offended if I keep my distance . :) 
Yay ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Holmes-Berglund , < PROPFIRST > , and myself all got Proficiency Awards for being awesome and stuff at work ! Needless to say , today is a good day ! 
Since I will probably be rather scarce most of tomorrow ( due to work and dinner and such ) Happy Yule and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to those it applies to . Maligayang Pasko to the Tagalong speakers I know ! That's about the extent of my Tagalong ( and I hope I spelled that right ! ) Hope yours is a good holiday ! 
is replaying through Silent Hill 2 because it's been a while since she has . 
has beaten Silent Hill 2 ! Now to get the two different endings I want . UFOs FTW ! 
is making progress in her guitar learning endeavor . YAY ! 
Nomnomnom deviled eggs . Not quite the recipe I'd normally use but I had to improvise , lol . 
is working on adjusting her sleep schedule so she can make it through an overnight shift tomorrow night . 
is being nerdy and working on learning some XHTML . 
Rasta ( one of our cats ) , was put down yesterday ( she had liver cancer ) . We will miss her cuddles ( among other things ) , but we'll never forget her . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! Got a card from my parents , a card , gift card , and cake from < PROPFEMALE > Horner , got a < PROPMALE > brush washer/dryer rack and some mani/pedi stuff from < PROPFIRST > Reynolds , and with the gift card I went and got myself a nifty deck of cards , a cribbage board , and a new sketchbook . So THANKS FOR THAT . Also got Pirate Fluxx , which we now need to play . 
went home from work early today , dealing with asthma and generally not feeling well . Though I think it's just asthma , and I don't think I've caught the cold/flu going around . * crosses fingers * 
Day 2 of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s 30 Day Shred down ! I hurt , but it's a good hurt . :D 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! 
I officially fit back into my size 10 pants comfortably ! 
It's workout time , I have some stress I need to go bust away so it seems like the perfect opportunity ! 
Why yes , Facebook , I do remember when my wedding anniversary is , but thank you . :D 
