Jus tryna get this week over with ...... 

Gettin My Mind Ready For The Week And Studying For This Test 2ma .... -_- 
3more months and like 10 more classes left .... so far so good .. lookin at about a 4.0 GET OFF ME LOL . Ready for the next step 
More < PROPFEMALE > For The Hataz , Dont Payem Much Attention , In The Game Like Tha Lakers , Makin Money Is My Mission , All Tha Gurlz Love < PROPFEMALE > Chasem , But I Gotta Keep Tha Standards , If You Ever Gotta Question , Find Me .. Im Tha Answer LOL ..... AKA Bored As Hell 
Im feelin good .... Just Aced anutha1 . Watup to all the ppl i aint had the < PROPMALE > to talk to in a while .... i aint forgot about nobody its all love just wait till i get bacc on the map . 
Got anutha A on Friday so im chillin but at the same time im kinda sicc cuz i lost somethin .... what you ask ??? doesnt matter cuz its gone ... its crazy what life throws at you but what you do with what you get is what its all about so im always good ... aint a dae < PROPFEMALE > im not . 
Almost got real niggerish on some ppl todae but i main < PROPFEMALE > ined my mili < PROPFEMALE > ry baring so im proud .. i guess the army did a lil somethin for me ... they testin me but like class ima ace em ya dig . but right now i got a case of the \itis\ " so im bout < PROPFEMALE > hit the sheetzz " 
Its A 4Dae ... Need I Sae More ??.... 
Making my way to the end of all this bullshit ..... 
gettin this saturdae poppin 
had an interestin dae ..... my life is so random .... 
Wonder where i was huh ..... lol ... dont worry bout it im on that solo 
life just gettin better n better .... i can legally do wateva i want , just graduated a long ass AIT wit some killa ass grades , no kids , no wife ... no ties , n my money lookin right so i feel my future is bright .. like some high beams nigga !! 
I Fell In Love .... They Sae I Musta Been Trippin 
Hmmm .... I Just Wonder Ya Kno ... My Head Spinnin Man ... 
Ya Kno What ??? Fucc It !! Thats Between You And God .... Hope U Got The Strength < PROPFEMALE > Face Ur Demons ....... LOL 
Ima Mental Terrorist ..... So Why U Tryna Play Me .... Cant Bullshit A Bullshitter !!! 
Love And Hate Go Hand In Hand ..... You First Love , Then Hurt ..... That Hurt Love Turns To Hate 
So Bored .... Maybe Ima Go Get A New Tat 
Im on some new shit ..... i got multiple personalities .... Franky Fresh He Da Best , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > e Is One Of A Kind ... N < PROPFIRST > ci Tha Poet Show It So U No It Like A Poet Babidoll 
Im Feelin Kinda Savage 4Real .. Tha Kid Is Wae Above Average And Real .. Dealin With The Stresses Of Life But Still Bringin The Rest To The Light .. By The Rest I Mean The Lost Teachem The Best Of The Lessons Of Life .. This Is Wat I Have Left .. Im So Fly Like Im Catchin A Flight And Fresher Than The Freshest Of Whites .. AF1s That Is .. Im The One That Is .. Tha Suga < PROPFEMALE > Ice Tea , I Can See Exactly Why All My Haters Dont Like Me 
Im Feelin Kinda Savage 4Real .. Tha Kid Is Wae Above Average And Real .. Dealin With The Stresses Of Life But Still Bringin The Rest To The Light .. By The Rest I Mean The Lost Teachem The Best Of The Lessons Of Life .. This Is Wat I Have Left .. Im So Fly Like Im Catchin A Flight And Fresher Than The Freshest Of Whites .. AF1s That Is .. Im The One That Is .. Tha Suga < PROPFEMALE > Ice Tea , I Can See Exactly Why All My Haters Dont Like Me 
< PROPFEMALE > Thought Id Be Sicc Like That Ova Some Shit Like That ..... 
really cant tell at the moment ..... i guess im at a loss ... ima just go hit the weights n go run a few < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > get my mind right 
If You Just Reach For The Stars Youll Always Fall Short So I Decided To Gain Altitude And Become One Myself ....... 
Hmmm ..... I dont wanna say too much but I got alot on my mind as it stands .... I wish things were different but what can you do right ? It's no longer in my hands . I cant help but to be affected but im doin my best ... through time things will get better ; we all have our bad moments .... i just gotta focus on whats good and keep movin forward .... things always work out for the best but we just cant see it at the time . 
Snow Dae !!! Fort Campbell Closed So I Aint Gotta Gota Work .... Ima Just Finish All My Work For This Week So I Can Get Ahead 
Sour pill to swallow ..... so nasty lol 
Bout < PROPFEMALE > Do My Homework For This Week .... Feed My Brain Ya Dig !! 
The shit ppl do is funni , are they just oblivious , stupid , or do they just want attention ? How does a adult conduct bizness ?? Ppl wanna be grown but still do kid shit ... 
A stary night implies a clearing of the skies , the light in my eyes is a reflection of the world , The universe Is external to this life that we know , endless is time ... so how far do we go ? How hard do we listen ?... how soft do we speak ? To what do I pay attention ... and what thoughts should I think ? Decisions decisions ... it all just seems so hard ... But if my skies aint cloudy .. I can look up at the stars 
All I can say is DAAM ..... I don't know what to think or how to feel .... things are pretty messed up . Dispite good intentions ... things can go horribly wrong . My heart hurts and I feel like something Is missing ... well I kno it is but can't do nuthin about it . It's a cold cold world so I decided to change and get my winter clothes on .... 
Wow I should fb more ... my < PROPFEMALE > is all lonely lol ... 
the days leading up to now have been full of troubles-some things have changed without my blesssing but then others have not . I quit smokin as of todae and I plan to be a new and improved man .. we are never grown cuz growing is a process that is life long .. maturity is the measure . New growth , further development , gained knowledge , obtained wisdom , and overall understanding .. I just wanna be better than I was yesterdae . 
wat am I suppose to do , why Am I so close to few , eyes are tired of cryin man-rainy tears and ocean blues , broken hearts are lessons learned-this Is shit I know is tru , we dont learn unless it burn-clouds of smoke just open views , tho at times Im so confused I play my hand in ways to win , praise again and bless the name , just play to win and bless the game , break the laws and make the rules .. refuse to fall and hate to lose 
Off to a bad start this morning but I think I might be able to get it together ... i hope 
Okay well I'm glad I got some really good friend to keep my head up . I think I just needa go home ( Kansas ) for a while just to get bacc right ... everytime I go it just does something wonderful for me ... my frustrations go away n I just love my fam ... however small it may be ... quality not quantity 
At some point u gotta be lost .... in order to find urself so don't be so dam stubborn cuz reality bitez real hard bitch lmao 
I'm fuccin pissed !!! Sumbody keep dam fartin n they all 007 bout the shit .... I feel disrespected 
Ain't no sunshiiiinnne when day is gone .... that's why we got fuccin street lights !!!! 
I feel like a NFL coach .... after 2years my number one draft picc turned out to be sum shit lol .... time to trade !!!!! Haha 
Hmmmm I wonder ... 
Ugh I'm All kinds of twisted .... gotta get my mind right but it's hard .... time for more drank -_- 
I feel pretty good ... my mind a lil stucc on sum things but I'll be aite .... I'm just thankful for life and another dae cuz one dae theez dayz will end so shit Ima soak it up like a big ass sponge !! 
Dam .... still a lil tipsy lol .. party party party let's all get wasted ! 
I think i might go get tatted tadae ...... feel the need for some pain -_- 
okay why is facebook on my phone faster than on the computer ???..... kinda strange 
For all tha love you give u may receive little in return but the gift is in giving not receiving :-) such a great outlook .,. as long as u do right by ppl and show love .... wat will u ever live to regret except not doing even more ??? Beautiful guys !! DY NO MITE !! 
Laffin < PROPFEMALE > tha bank !!.... Ima GOOFBALL !!!! 
Eatin doritos surfin the Internet lol 
Bloodstained hands from wars once fought , these tormented souls in the world so lost , worn down wills and beat up coffins , all through the mayhem a man keeps walkin .. 
Well .... moving on to some new things i guess ..... Who knows what life is gonna throw at you next .... I guess thats what makes life worth living ;-) 
O my muthufuccin goodness !!!! Lol 
Well I'm pretty determined .... just gotta think of the best wae to go about things ... I'll just follow my heart so I don't get a headache decidin 
Man todae is the first dae in a while that I woke up happy n smilin ... I feel good and I feel blessed ;-) 
my presence is one that should not be taken lightly , you cannot price me or pay my allegiance , daily and nightly are my visions so scenic , every grievance is a teaching that takes on meaning , for that drug of love is what we are all just fiending , A way to wage war in the soul of a man , by man I mean all cuz we are every bit just flesh , I just pray by my dear god that one day .. my soul is at rest -Devinci 
Lingerie party tanite in BG ???? Hmmm I might act a dam foo !!!! Wasted !! 
...... too early 
Okay so Iran wanna flex ... shootin off missiles n shit .... more war , more problems , and more money SMH .... WTF is goin on 
Well as I'm readin sum pretty insightful literature I've gained a better undestanding of things ... or better yet , a new knowledge that I can apply so I can understand myself and others better ... the shit I be puttin myself on is rediculous fareal ... BTW I love my best friend !!! Lmao Seashellz !! 
Okay so a man gets stabbed saving a lady from gettin robbed ... he lays there bleeding for an hour while ppl just walk by and look at him ... needless to sae , he died ... how fucced up is that ???... ppl make me sicc .. everybody is so dam selfish theez dayz SMH 
Hmmm ... just doin my hw thinkin bout sum things .... SMH ..... 
Okay so like i say i hate someone .. they take offense to it and i dont see why .. obviously i do not ginuinely hate you , but i may feel a strong dislike for a certain characteristic or personality flaw that is on display at the given moment of my statement . Hmm is that too complicated or sumthin ??... Communication is based on an understanding of what is meant or intended . 
Don't cast those stones if u live in a glass house n if u gotta glass jaw you should watch yo mouth ... cuz I'll break yo face !! 
Don't shoot those stones if u live in a glass house n if you gotta glass jaw u should watch yo mouf ... cuz I'll break yo face !!! 
Shit is funni lol ... neways it's a good morning and I'm out < PROPFEMALE > shoot expert 2ma .... hope the range ain't too shitty . Mornin facebook .... love evrybody who fucc wit me and for those who don't .... u shud cuz I'm that nigga u need in ya life lol 
\Newz break !!! ----- 47 year old man STABS 28 children and 3 adults at a chinese kindergarden(Beijing ) . 5 children in critical condition . \ " -Sumbody please tell me what tha fucc is goin on in the world !!!! " 
It's dark ... time fa that night convoy !! Betta watch out fa dem boys cuz we Rollin kinda deep ya dig 
Bacc from stealth op ... time < PROPFEMALE > get wasted lol .. celebration maybe ???? 211 wat ?? Unmentionable things may occur haha .. gnite n goodluck 
Still tired ... out to qualify 
Broke the long range record !!! I can shoot ur fuccin face off at 300 meters bitch !!! Try me ... 
It is early and I got < PROPFEMALE > get bacc < PROPFEMALE > see my bro get baptized .... hopefully the highways ain't still flooded 
Dammit im bored ... lunch needa hurry up n come cuz i cant look at this screen much longer lol 
Okay so like don't it piss u off < PROPFEMALE > niggas get all brand new ??? Shit is crazy ... make u just wanna dirty work a mufucca but u can't cuz maturity gives u a wae out but dammit if the < PROPFEMALE > ain't there . If u wunna those ppl who get all brandnew like sum jays off the rack then stae tha fucc away from me ... I deal in facts and reality not bullshit and fabrication 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , Hate in my heart , love in my mind , I seen nights full of pain , days of the same , You keep the sunshine , save me the rain , I search but never find , hurt but never cry , I work and forever try , but I’m cursed , so never mind , And it’s worse , but better times seem further and beyond , The top gets higher the more that I climb ... 
Hmmm it's a weekday but I might get faded off tha brown cuz I'm feelin kinda niggerly lol 
SMH ...... speachless ..... 
The only easy day was yesterdae , but now tomorrows on the way , I just pray to see tomorrow slowly turn into today ... forgive my sins and bless my friends ... plz let me be the best of men 
WIDE NOSE BREATHIN ALL THE WHITE MANS AIR !!!! DAM NIGGERS !!! WHITE POWER !!! 
Bitch I'm at KFC !! Watchu kno bout dat huh ??? Chiccen strips and mashed potatoes !! Yea that's right so STFU n getcha own !! 
Another weekend has come and gone but at least that means another one is on the way ... 
Bad news on a mondae mornin :-( ... R.I.P. Unc .... 
Have you ever wanted to speak ... but couldn't find the words ???... have you ever wanted to cry ... but couldn't find the tears ???... have you ever wanted to die ... but something kept you going ???... have you ever found something out and you'd rather have went on not knowing ??? 
Hmmm ..... I'm feelin such a feelin ..... don't understand why or how or even what exactly but hopefully it'll all come full circle soon ... very soon ... 
Slick doin sum shit I don't feel like doin lol I hear they call it \work\ " or sum shit ... if u ask me ... this shit is for the fuccin birds lol and they can keep it ... Ima get stanky ass nigga < PROPMALE > n work will be at my discretion ... 21 n still growin ... jus gimme till 2012 .. " 
Aye .. lol .. my nigga just said he \treat whores like egore\ " lmao thas messed up !! " 
I slicc don't like y'all niggas ... 
Kiccin it in Kansas chillin wit my bro ... drunk ? Maybe .. on ? Always ? Wipe me down ??? Do I gotta say it !!! 
Omg I'm so sicc of these Lil gurls actin like they women ... first off saying that u r grown is an immature statement ... and secondly , u being able to do wat u want don't make u grown ... doin what u have to do instead of eat u want to do is wat separates adults from kids ... wen u got all ur own shit , it's financed by u , and u realize that growing is a process .. then I might be considered an adult ... 
Omg I'm so sicc of these Lil girls actin like they women ! First off , sayin u r grown is an immature statement .. secondly , bein able to do wat u want don't make u grown ... doin wat u have to do instead of wat u want is wat separates adults from kids . < PROPFEMALE > u got all ur own shit , it's financed by u , and u realize that growing is a process ... THEN maybe u can consider urself an adult .... SMH 
Taking and anti-terrorism course ... bored as shit 
everybody wanna b special so out of arrogance and ignorance you don't apply things to urself but do to others ... wen u do sum self reflectin , take a step bacc from your perspective and view things as a person on the outside lookin in ... ull find a whole lot of shit that uve been missin ... SMH ... so few actually do this cuz they're scared if what they might find ... not me :-p fuccers 
Why is my hindsight 20/20 but my foresight is dam near blind ... < PROPFEMALE > I'm goin through shit my vision is limited but < PROPFEMALE > it's done my eyes are wide open ... just to be closed by the next situation and opened again by another ending and a new begginin ... some call it a vicious cycle but I call it life .... shit happens and ppl get hurt ... if u can't deal wit it then kill yaself cuz that's the only way out 
I'm CPR certified ... so < PROPFEMALE > you see me and can't catch ur breath I can save you 
........ dont really have much to say .... its friday morning and im bored at work .... ima reflect on the events of this week .... 
I woke up feelin kinda good fareal ... maybe cuz it's sundae ?... iono but I like it ... 
I really wanna sae sumthin but I honestly don't know what .... I'm feelin sumthin that is totally new to me n I'm just tryna figure it all out .. ppl are sooo disappointing .... 
something is changing with me but I'm not sure what ... Ima go with it tho cuz to get sumthing Uve never had u have to do something uve never done before .... 
The truth is that men love as females do ... just with a different logic and less emotions . Females sae they got all theez pressures and what not ... don't forget that we men have equal adversity if not more .... no such thing as double standards bc we are physically , mentally , and emotionally different .. how can there ever be equality . Just kno your role and play it well ... that's real 
Todaez status goes out to my benning boyz .... CUZ IM AAANNNGRRRReeeYYYYYYYY !!! Lmao 
\I have \ 
I cant even lie ... a certain sumbody is on my mind ... not an ex and not a crush ... just a long lost friend :-( . Maybe we will talk soon ... i hope 
Awww man I truly feelbad for sum ppl ... it's easy to believe in god and keep a positive mind < PROPFEMALE > things are fine in ur life ... even tho we allgot issues u kno ur shit is straight .... wat about them ppl who just seem to never catch a break ... u wanna help but u can't ... it's sad and makes me wonder why .... why why why ... what's the reason 
I'm crushin on somebody so hard right now lol 
Just ate an army lunch .. now I gotta shit somethin serious :-/ 
Let me ask you this ... are reasons and excuses the same or are they different ? If they are different then tell me what seperates the two and I'll tell u the truth ... a reason and excuse are one in the same but at the same time different . A reason is acceptable as just cause by degree of understandability ... an\ 
Excuse is unacceptable due to lack of justification . Same shit ..... 
So I did sum hardcore pt this mornin ... I feel good !!! Did u kno that excercise keeps your endorphine levels high ??? For those who are uneducated(lol ) ... that means that regular excercise keeps u happy !!! So for all u fatsos(lol ) ... put down the spoon , fork , knife , and snacks ... and take ur ass to the gym ... then maybe u won't be depressed ... was that mean guys ???? O well the truth hurts ... 
You gotta lose what u got to gain something better .. like goin to type jobs from handwritten letters , u gotta weigh out options but still weigh costs , aint no such thing as a free lunch .. and can't NO love get lost . on can be off with a flick of a wrist , good can go bad < PROPFEMALE > your own fate twists , great can get greater and bad can get worse , a hunger is pain but worse is a thirst ... unquenched ... unsatisfied ... unreal 
So like I was on zo's anoche(yea I'm bilingual lol ) and I really was just chillin ... just a random fact for u facebookies ;-p 
Was a cold night in October < PROPFEMALE > u told me it was over , I could swear my life was over , I swear thas wat I told ya , days passed till November came , tell me why I'm still in pain , stand outside n feel tha rain cuz maybe it'll kill the flames , cried until December came , stressed n I'm still feelin strange , starin at ur picture frames , why can't I get u off my brain ... -Devinci 
You Cudnt See Me Wit B . C . G . ' s Homie ... Im Just Too Far Gone ... Swear I Got A Pair Of Wings On Me !! 
They ask why I have 3 workstations and like 6 computers all for myself ... the answer Is bc I'm the shit and I do IT ALL bitch !! Can u Say key player Lol ... excuse my boredom 
Posted in bg .... rdy < PROPFEMALE > get bacc to the studio .. holla at me 
Never bite the hand that feeds you and never leave those who need you , keep close the ones who love you and be merciful of those who judge you ... god is my judge and my jury .. sin is my conviction .. but God help those who help themselves ... But wat are the conditions ? .... What is the decision ?.... All the way or not at all .. harder to stand than it is to fall -Devinci Poet 
Funni what niggas think lol ... little do they kno . Those of simple minds , weak bodies , and unstable spirits should be the last to judge or even voice an opinion WTF u think this is ... I am superior .. u are inferior bottom line . I let sleepin dogs lie but I still see the bodies .... 
Not a day goes by that you dont cross my mind .... forever and always 
I'm jus sittin here thinkin bout life ... I get ripped every day as if Im not in the army and make it look easy !! I'm tryna do all I can in life and I won't stop till my dying day !! Everybody who ever doubted me will rest assured , nebody who spoke ill of me will eat their words , and all those who tried to blocc my path .... I made a new one and it goes around yo ass !! 
Studio !!! 
I'm loud .. holla at me !! 
sittin thinkin bout some things ... proper preparation prevents poor performance so im plottin on my next move ... changes need be made 
aye yo why sumbody at my job shitted on tha floor and left it there !!! thats so trife !!! whos gonna clean it ? not I !!!!! they said whoever did it got a shitty conscience lmfao !!! this is actual new facebook ... its bein discussed as im typing LOL !!!!!!!!! 
I fuccin love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > McKnight !!! Aka Seashellz !!!! Only I get to call her that . MWUAH !! 
Thinkin bout what we had and missin u , but I ain't < PROPFEMALE > I got sumthin for these bad bitches too -drizzy 
So like I got like enuff shit on my plate < PROPFEMALE > feed a while family . Did I bite off more than I can chew ? Nah I'm not ur ordinary nigga so ull < PROPFEMALE > even see me stressed regardless of wateva . Everybody else cries n bitches ... stfu n pay yo dues !! 
My today's and tomorrows are swallowed by sorrow ... those days that follow are hearts so hollow , so shallow I feel from battles in fields , they yielded much pain but seldom theyd heal , as I wield this pain in a world so cold , insane in the brain in a place so alone , sour pills get swallowed and for those days that follow ... for all today's and tomorrows are hearts so hollow 
My daddy once told me , told me this ... see there's two kinda gurls in this world ... the first kind of gurl is the girl u LOVE , and the second kind of gurl is the one u FUCC ... don't ever getem confused or ull end up fuccin urself . Truest shit I Ever heard . Shoutouts to Big Tre !!! lol 
I sit and I think about these regular ass ppl and I vow to myself to not be one of them . I will never settle for anything less than \MORE\ " ... I will use every talent the lord has blessed me with ... I will never accept defeat in any situation ... I will never ever get too full of myself .. and I will always do what I know to be right . The righteous man is the man who speaks only the truth So for u liars and frauds .. FUCC YOU " 
From the bottom of my heart ...... Fucc You very much !! 
Shontiya Capers has a huge ass head lol 
Alot has gone on as of late ..... interesting as life can be .... back to the studio baby !!!! Everything is Uprgraded n Operational . Holla @me 
Radio commo last week ... networking this week ... gimme my certs ho !! 
Bored in this dam networking class !!! O well I'm gettin cisco certified n gettin my 3 credit hours all in one week ... the army is okay I guess lol 
A certain someone been on my mind all day ... even had a dream .... 
I'm still thinkin ... hmmmm 
My weakness ... a female lol 
I realized two things when I woke up this morning ... one is that I still love my ex and The other is that I fell in love with the army .. both ofem are sum bullshit but the most imperfect things are what make life worth livin ... 
I figured sumthin out ... when I'm not workin n jus chillin I get depressed ... that's my mind body and soul not settling for less ... I gotta make constant progress or I feel as if I'm fallin and I refuse . I have god on my side n my faith is strong so I hear no evil see no evil and speak no evil .., only truth and goodnews .. those with good hearts and will are those who achieve happiness ... fucc just persuin it . -Vinci 
PISSED !!! 
i think my cat is finna die man !!!!!! nooooo !!! i been tryna feed it but its all limp and whiny ... idk whats wrong ... he was fine at lunch but < PROPFEMALE > i came home he was slicc on his last leg wtf !!! ima be pissed if my < PROPFEMALE > dies fucc yall 
im a bit under the wheather but i woke up this morning in a really good mood .... maybe cuz i prayed the biggest prayer last night ..... iono but i feel good cuz this week has been sum bull so far and i got formation at 0500 in nashville 2ma morn which means i gotta wake up at 3 on my fuccing saturdae ...... but i aint even mad .... gotta do what u gotta do right . be safe this weekend fb 
The time for change is now or not ever .... i choose now .... time to switch up the operation .... GAMEFACE and Solja Rags ... Im Goin IN .. Aint NO Goin BACC !!!! -SPC < PROPMALE > TNARNG 230th SIG HOE !! 
My shawty always on some bullshit like chicago so i flip the middle finger and the index finger follow , deuces .. we aint got no future in tomorrow .. ima dicc so it shudnt be that hard to swallow 
Hey i got a new phone so text a nigga so i can get my < PROPFIRST > bacc . If not i guess u or i jus wasnt important enuff to one another . DEUCES 
at work .... takin care of bizness ... while on facebook .... can u say multitasking ??? 
Ewwwww lol shit much ???? Tell me have u ever been amazed ... i have ..... My case is cold ... peep the metaphor pimpin !!! 
So Ive Changed My Program ...... Im Now a Psychology < PROPMALE > , Business Administration Minor , Emphasizing and Certificate in Intelligence Analysis !!!!! My MOS is I.T. Specialist ....... can u say BEAST !!!!!! 
Dear FB , \ 
I would just like to say that you keep me very entertained . With all these ppl who talk as if they are really sumthin , youd think they would have more to show for it ..... hmmmm guess its all lies . Somebodies gotta be nobodies to make bein somebody sumthin more than bein just anybody .... think about it , let it marinate , and get at me . -Truly Yours , < PROPFIRST > 
Thankyou to everybody who wished me a happy bday !!! I def appreciate the love :-) 
..... can i fight it ??? 
hmmm ..... i wonder .... i wonder how my life will go , as pages turn and chapters close , crazy dayz and nights the same .... i wonder if you feel my pain ... but when the pain wont go away , i close my eyes ... hope and pray ... i wonder why , i wonder when , i wonder how , i wonder if ..... -vinci 
So now im 22 years old ... where did the time go ??? life is a trip and ppl are a fall lol . Life , Love , Loyalty , Knowledge , Wisdom , and Understanding ..... -Vinci 
i think my mindstate is about to change again . They say ur supposed to have epiphanies all the time .. aka \any moment of great or sudden revelation\ " . Most ppl never have them and the ones that do only get them on occassion . I live and learn so i come to new realizations all the time .... do u ? " 
Dear Oct 18 - 24 , Can I please ask you to be good to me . I know we just got together but i really need u to be my rock no homo lol . Just bring me good fortune and more blessings ;-) - Love , Vinci 
Dear\ 
Oct 18 - 24 , Can I please ask you to be good to me . I know we just got \ 
together but i really need u to be my rock no homo lol . Just bring me \ 
good fortune and more blessings ;-) - Love , Vinci 
Dear Father thnkyou 4 a new day and another opportunity to see and fix our faults . Thnkyou 4 all you have given and blessed us with . Guide us as we walk down this dark path called life and mortality . Hold us when we cry , speak to us when we seek counsel , carry us when we cannot bare the weight of our sins , and love us unconditionally . 4ever keep us in your grace and give us ur guardians for safety . In jesus name i pray AMEN 
Well its a new day and one that im thankful for . Life may not be all butterflies and flower beds but i still love it . Shit happens and u keep movin forward . Good Mornin Facebook .... have a blessed day !!!!!!!! -Vinci 
Ham sandwhich ???? 
Seek first to understand ... and then to be understood .... 
So i seen a bum about 5mins ago and i got out at the light and gave him some money ..... everybody else just drove by looking ..... thats sad . PPl are too dayum selfish theez dayz . I mean you have to draw the line not to be taken advantage of but other than that u shud help .... what if u was that bum ??? 
I fear those tears for all those years and times I didnt cry ... held inside .. internalized .. chastisement for my life ... -Vinci 
Why is it so hard to get up on mondays ???? Another Week . Pray for me lol 
So Kansas City is 4-2 .... #1 Overall Rushing .... Easy schedule too .... we might make the playoffs this year .... next year for the bowl !!!!! 
Savage .. 
READING , < PROPFEMALE > . - A woman who secretly conceived several children through \ 
an extramarital affair killed at least four of her newborns , then kept \ 
their remains in coolers or encased in concrete in her closet until \ 
family members found them this year , authorities said Monday . NOW WTF !! 
I promise i can drive anything lol ... i slicc aint got no CDL lol but i dam sure be whippin sum big ass trucks . Ridin dirty . Good Day FB 
One more day left and its the weekend .... lets see what WKU talkin bout 
TGIF !!! Ive been waiting for you , friday !! Now ur here i feel good ... got my cup of coffee rdy for the dae ... 2ma is WKU i hope it go down . Be thankful and be blessed 
aye i just got deleted from sumbody fb lol shud i feel bad ??? it was too petty .. all because i aint give sumbody any play lol . but i guess .... lol good luck in life ma'am 
5-2 !!! 
why i just went to mcdonalds to get a 10pc nugget meal and they gave me the oldest fuccin nuggets they cud find and the most crustiest fries u cud imagine .... WHAT THA FUUCCC !! pissed 
Im slicc missin somethin ... a heart lol .... its walkin around somewhere unsupervised and lost , not knowin where it belongs yet .... one day maybe in a few years itll come bacc but then again i might just need a donor ... feelin like Denzels kid in < PROPFIRST > Q 
Well its decided ... im goin to < PROPFIRST > peay campus next year ... no work just finishin up my degree !!! STACK STACK STACK till September ..... if my calculation are correct ima be superstr8 lol . good day fb 
Complexities are just multiplicities of simplicities , simplicities are just \ 
individual pieces of what is known as complex . Wrap ur mind around it .... 
Interesting morning .... ended up in Command Sgt Majors office lol . But get this .... i didnt do nothin wrong lol . looks like i got in trouble to everybody else but in reality i got praised bitch !!! 
Why do ppl insist on tryiin my patience ... im all game lil daddy ... takin all bets and sides .... who want it ??? 
woke up in the middle of the night from a bad dream .... haunted by the ghost of life's past .... smh 
Its not what you're going through .... its where you're going to . Remember that during those hard times . Struggle builds character .... those who never struggle are deprived in life . Appreciate your trials and tribulations bc without them you are ignorant and inexperienced ;-) . A weak heart wavers in the face of adversity ... a strong core makes for a soul survivor . Morn FB -Vinci 
bouta eat a big ass breakfast at work ... mmmm . mornin fb 
if only you knew ... 
dayum theez niggas threw down on that breakfast ! hada make me a to go plate lol . blueberry pancakes , bacon , ham , dear sausage(dont hate ) , eggs , big ass buttermilk biscuits , toast , and sum good coffee . Nice and full .... top it off with sum newport shorts in a box ya dig . 
ayo why tha fucc does waka flocca have the craziest adlibs ??!! like listen to this nigga closely on him n < PROPMALE > dash shit lol ... he slicc sound like a retard in the baccground lol .... that shit be gettin me hype tho 
At Dayum joint force headquarters !! Fucc this shit lol they always fuccin up my weekend !! 
It's official ... I'm goin to Afghanistan !! 
Another week .... dammit im tired as shit from drill lol . hmm whats on the agenda today ??? 
Why o MF'in why !!! My chiefs lost to the dam raiders man !!! pissed !!!! worst overtime ive ever seen in my life . time to regroup 
WTF BENGALS !!! 
Feelin good today . I do have one thing to say .... if you personally know me you better start lookin at my MuthFu**in notes !!! lol . fuccin assholes 
O so now we shoot missiles and dont know where tha fu ** they came from or who shotem right ?? wtf is that !!! how does a missile shoot into the sky 35 < PROPMALE > off the coast of california and govt officials have nothin to say about it like its cool or its the \norm\ " . Sumbody better start givin sum info cuz im finna leave the states if shit like this keep happenin lol " 
have a blessed weekend fb . yall shuda seen the dam lines at applebees and outback lastnight lol . i aint even get no free food lmao . monday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > $free . 99 .... yea we got it fa tha lowsky 
dear monday ... in a way you pretty much suck like fuck but then again , you give me a new week to do new things in new ways and form new ideas and new goals that lead to new action and experience ..... so in a way ... ur not so bad . morn fb 
thinkin .. 
another day another dollar ..... the week is goin by fast tho ... guess thats cuz im busy . Hustle hard , Grind harder , Sleepless ... Rest when im dead 
fucc yall ... all yall lmao 
omg can i please get off work ... i hate sitting doin nothin lol .... ive done everything already so im extremely bored and quite frankly .... I WANT TO LEAVE NOW 
mornin facebook fuccers !!! 
OMFG !!! im sooooo borreeedddd i might cut myself 
ugh .... its on my mind :-/ 
asdfasgahsfhasrtagbfrhabvfb sfardter gra g avba sd \\fg ..... hungry !! 
finally the weekEND is here !!! Battle of the Sexes 2ma < PROPFEMALE > say ?? Yes !! I think so .... 2 jigs , a couple swigs , a bunch of loud , and a few cigs !! Fucc wit me 
Jus wanna say to all the ppl i fucc wit ... i love all yall ... be safe out there this weekend . see ya monday facebook fuccers 
tryna play me aint workin ... i see thru all things fake cuz im real :-) ... the greatest control is lettin somebody else think they in control lol .... im bacc to mental terrorism fucc it .... morals = out the window ;-) . morn fb 
A stary night implies a clearing of the skies , the light in my eyes is a reflection of the world , The universe Is external to this life that we know , endless is time ... so how far do we go ? How hard do we listen ?... how soft do we speak ? To what do I pay attention ... and what thoughts should I think ? Decisions decisions ...... it all just seems so hard ... But if my skies aint cloudy .. I can look up at the stars 
Happy thanksgiving to everybody i know , love , and associate with !!! Be thankful for all that you have bc so easily can it be gone ... dont take anything in this life for granted bc its the only one that you KNOW youll have ... so live it and enjoy the family and the friends ... the enemies and the haters . much love to all 
i love you !! 
omg im bored ... guess ill go get a new phone n see how theez fools actin on blacc friday . why is it called black friday anyways ???? is it bc everybody n they momma out terrorizin the city ??? and thats what NIGGAS do right ? lol why cant it be white friday ? or yellow friday ? maybe even mexican friday wtf 
omg this gurl just tryta get me on her porn site lol and i refused so i got called a \boasful fucking nigger\ " lmfao . fb plz monitor who is making pages cuz these porn solicitors are pissin me off lol . " 
scared ... 
wtf 
I fear the tears for all the years and times I didn't cry , held inside , internalized , chastisement for my life .... 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky were shooting stars .. cuz i could really use a wish right now 
....... ;-( ..... 
Well i dont know if the airplanes counted as shootin stars but my wish came tru ... ;-) ... dam i appreciate that shit !! luv ya xoxoxo get better babygurl ! 
Im slicc pissed at Obama ... smh Im kinda glad he got elbowed in the face lol 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 = crazy , 2 = I'dmarryyou , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = I miss you , 6 = Awesome , 7 = moody , 8 = smart , 9 = energetic , 10 = random , 11 = hot , 12 = funny , 13 = fit , 14 = amazing , 15 = sweet , 16 = cute , ... 17 ... = beautiful , 18 = freaky , 19 = I Love You 
So I've been using my computer mouse with my left hand for the past two weeks ... It was an experiment .. and a successful one . I feel sorta different lol ... I think i opened up some new brain pathways .... the road to intelligence 
Just sat here for the last three hours of my life with a warrant officer ... iono why but im slicc pissed and edgy now lol . I did learn a thing or two tho 
So like i got high self esteem but yet i feel low sumtimes bc i dont matter to everybody who matters to me .. its sad . I'll matter in time but only for their own selfish reasons . If we dont talk now then fucc you .. ur < PROPMALE > is gone . < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch and i love watchin her work :-) 
God woke me up for another day ... that means I still have purpose in the world of the living . I feel good too . Im in the middle of cuttin out all negative in my life to make room for positive ... I feel I have alot to accomplish and I will . GM FB 
TGI MUTHAFUCCIN F !!!! 
You can catch me on the slicc , you can catch me on the sly ... im never talkin shit , so you wont catch me in a lie ..... 
Believe half of what you see , none of what you here , some of what you think , and all of what you feel !!! Hearts never lead you astray , its the other shit that clouds the true feelings . -We < PROPMALE > 
Another Monday .... smh lets get this shit over with 
finally off work ... picced up classes finna get it in ... fucc wit me . good day fb fuccers !!! 
well well well ... Wednesday what a hump you are .... lol . how many more Wednesdays will i see ?? nobody knows so ima def make them bitches count like < PROPMALE > gates financial advisor lol . peace and prosperity facebook fuccers 
IN THA FACE !!! IIIINNNNN THHHAAAA FFAAAAAACCCEE !!!! LMFAO !!! 
Dream said dont letcha good gurl go bad .... drop five staxx on a makeup bag . WTF shiiiiitt dat nigga got me fucced up lol all misconstrued . I wudnt drop five staxx on a chicc life so why would i on a makeup bag lol . savage -We < PROPMALE > 
deep seeded thoughts embedded in my persona lead me to believe and act in belief that what i believe to be tru is absolute fact ... my views are such that they are deemed worthy of cause ... appauled are some and gratified are others ... uncovered ... 
try and try , fight tooth and nail , who will die , and who prevails ... who invokes the words of power ??? plenty rainfall and scattered showers ... no matter how ugly brother ... the world is stills ours ... for hours and days , for years and an age .... history is made for u and for me ... divided we fall but we are bonded .... indivisible , visible , and astonishing . hold you head and your weapons because wars are only natural 
tired as fucc 
Would have came back for you\ 
I just needed time to do what I had to do\ 
Caught in the life I cant let it go\ 
Whether thats right I will never know(ugh but here goes nothin !!!! ) 
11 breaks the glass and all reflections from the past no mirrors -Vinci 
I used to be really nice and sweet .... they ask what happened and i say ... im now diabetic lmao 
Gain and possession ... change and inception .. Pain and Progression , trained for succession ... -Vinci 
mental exhaustion far outweighs the physical .... jus sayin ... 
ducks go home ... lame niggas too ... if u aint bout overall progress i dont see u . -Vinci911 its an emergency !! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > ... You'se a bitch ASS nigga ... i heard the mall was hiring extra security to protect you .. that's a bitch move santa ... lmfao 
i hate dumb bitches ... females with sense plz school the rest of ur kind . its sad how ignorant broads give the good wuns a bad name .... smfh -Vinci911 Its an emergency !!! 
Lookin forward to a great weekend . Word of advice .... get back in the groove on mondays , tie up all loose ends tuesday and wednesday , thursday finish up the small stuff and get excited , Friday ..... GO HARD AS A MUTHAFUCCA !!... Saturdae do it all over again !!! -Vinci911 Its and Emergency !!! 
so i been cleanin a half constructed gym all day ... lots of dust and plaster ... my nosehairs are now white . This mixxed with cigarette smoke is gonna kill me ... and on top of all that i feel like my breath stinks !!!! Toothbrush where are youuuuuu !!! -Vinci911 Its an emergency !!! 
........ 
Dear Week , \ 
I hope and pray you treat me good and bring me what I need . Keep me focused and open new windows of opportunity . Block all the negativity and show me the positive . -Vinci911 it's an emergency 
a plan never worx unless u sticc to it . proper preparation prevents poor performance . vinci911 its an emergency !!! 
i strongly dislike ppl who say shit but have no intentions to follow thru .. stop wastin my time ppl jus b real n stop bullshittin 
Humpday they say ??... I call it a cold as wednesday !! but its okay cuz ima make it a good day . Everything comes and goes so fast in this life and once I realized that , I started appreciatin the small stuff . It could always be worse , but then it could always be better ... so appreciate the things you have but always strive for more . -Vinci911its an emergency !! 
“Wise men talk because they have something to say ; fools talk because they have to say something . ” .. - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
dam i need a square lol ... my mornin aint right without one smh . headed to the shopette in about 9mins .... picture me rollin lol . -Vinci911 Its an emergency !!! 
All i kno is the IRS needa get off they lazy asses n gimme my dam tax return !!! My shit been filed before everybody wtf ! -Vinci911 its an emergency !! 
On my shit like a fly ... 
Stand down .. or itll be a man down .. -Lito 
no risk ... no reward !!! 
Everyday I learn , and every day i realize new things . Its said that if you dont , then there is a problem . You should always progress , even in the slightest increments . Ppl who stay where they are in life and mind are behind the power curve . One day itll be too late in the game for you to pick up the pace .... and so you will be left behind and become one of the disgraced and forgotten . -Vinci911 
I finally figured out that i perform best under pressure ... now thats sumthin i definitely like about myself . -Vinci911 Its an emergency !!! 
hey guys ... ducks are ppl too ! dont treat them bad bc theyre facially challenged -its an emergency 
u ol dufflebag body havin ass B **** 
stucc up b****es make my nose bleed ... 
Thank God its MuthFu**in Friday !! N aint playing NUCCA !!! 
pisssssedddddd 
Hard Body's Stay Tuff .... 
Still ripped from last week lol ... now im half sleep lookin thru a book piccin out office supplies ..... smh 
U pay the price for burned bridges < PROPFEMALE > new ones must be built ... U reap what you sow ... forever is now and today is tomorrow ... -Vinci911 Its an emergency 
at the crib just vibin ... -Vinci 
Hope tanite is sum fun ... i feel pretty good abt it tho . Crraccceed !!!! -its an emergency 
Slicc lame ... -emergency 
.... smh .... recoop and remain loyal to the mission . Purge misconception and embrace reality ... seek only the truth and those in its likeness . Accept nothing less than more . -Vinci911 
Disappointed ... smh . good weekend with a lil bit of learnin ... 
Happy vday to all the hearts out there .... help the heartless and show love -Vinci 
Ghost ... 
all things change with time ... random events and possibilities ... a myriad of outcomes ... all the choices in this life we live 
Smh ... ppl r funni lol 
If ur used to being on top .. the bottom is unbearable ... if ur used to being on the bottom .. the top is where ur wishes come tru . Cant play standin on the sideline and u will never achieve if u dont believe . 
< PROPFEMALE > goes a long way 
Still aint been < PROPFEMALE > sleep ... craaacced 
All the smoke clears ... who's left ? Me n u but \u\ " isnt neccessarily you .... " 
One is wanted ... one is needed ... one is wasted .. the other depleted ... 
Mine ??? 
Oh angel of god , my guardian dear , to whom gods love commits me here . Ever this this day be at my side , to light , to guard , to rule and guide me . Amen 
smh ... bacc to bizness 
jus coolin ... too hot for me ya dig . hmu 
equal opposites ... 
I love life ... even the bad times make me smile cuz theyre exciting and they show me the truth . ppl come and go as always and theres always new ppl to come ... cant wait for the future 
watchin these apartments burn down ... sad that its the highlight of the day smh 
found out alot recently ... and ive honestly lost all respect for a few individuals ... light eventually shines in even the deepest of dark places 
too old to be fightin and got too much to lose over petty ass issues . sumtimes i wish i was as immature as everybody else so i cud jus show these ignorant mofos wat im capable of ... smh . its all good tho cuz while ur still doin the same shit ill be beyond u n ull b hatin ;-) 
Wit tha sis finna go bacc to my side of town n see wats poppin .. hmu 
devil get up off me ... shakn bacc nigga .. preparation for < PROPMALE > shittin this summer . Goodbye to yesterdays faces and ill wishes and hello to my future ... opportunity and blessings ;-) .. die slow haters 
its rainin cats and dogs ;-/ ... does that mean sumthn ???? 
nigga i almost lost it over sum petty shit ... i thnk its getn to the point where i need help before i end up hurtin sumbody ..... 
gotta keep the momentum 
