watched the ball drop in Times Square 

it takes work ... lots of tears , blood , and sweat go into making it perfect and when you think you have it all , you get knocked back down to earth with a meteor . your world is suddenly falling apart and you can do nothing but pick up your pieces and start 
Hey kid , you're gonna get old You're not gonna be a centerfold Better blow up , better get < PROPMALE > Better be makin ' that beat explode Hey kid , the college degree It ain't gonna beat back poverty Tough kid , it's a rough world Better be makin ' that beat explode 
knee slid/popped out of socket yesterday and It is still in pain ... stairs are a \no-go\ " and i hate frisbees now " 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > \I learned a long time ago that one note can go a long way if it's the right one \"" 
is not enjoying waking up earlier than normal to get my car parked , my sudent ID , and financial aid stuff turned in ...... not good . definitely not good ... lol . especially since my first class today starts at 5:30 at night ......... 
it works ..... for now at least 
I LOVE MY GIRLFRIEND !!!!!!!!!!!! 
We live on front porches and swing life away . We get by just fine here on minimum wage . If love is a labor I'll slave to the end . I wont cross these streets until you hold my hand ... 
its hard to say what i feel inside . its hard to show whats so easy to hide . I cannot see why i act this way ... its like pushing the one i love far away . so i try to change try to be a better man . I will overcome , i know i can ... I'm sorry for any unneeded tears . losing you is one of my worst fears . stay with me . love me . just give me time to change ME . 
Dear Lord i pray ... that i might be an oasis when all around me is a desert place . I pray you put a song in my heart and a praise on my lips . Bless me in all that i do . so that i might one day live my days with you . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ... anyone know who she is or why i know her ?!?!?!? any help would be great 
the mystery has been solved !!! there is apparently more than one < PROPMALE > poppe on facebook 
\One down one to go . Another town and one more show ... \"" 
you cant have an upset without \UT\ " GO TOLEDO !!!!!! " 
Pepper Stax .... get some 
physics exam today and something tells me it will be easier than stormer's tests ... just a feeling tho . wish me luck 
updated my blackberry storm OS to 5.0.0.230 and it is the most amazing thing that i have ever seen ... it litterally blows my mind . im still cleaning up the aftermath 
Be determined . Confront fears and leave anger behind . live life determined to succeed instead of being scared of what comes ... 
not liking the new Escape the Fate CD ... new singer is junk . < PROPFIRST > Radke's voice is epic and i will listen to his new band probably when they release a CD 
Crying in front of a whole church congregation while pouring your heart out can make you pretty tired ... or maybe it was the pumpkin carving escapade . you tell me , lol 
only God could create an epiphany that speaks the exact words of the pastor the very next day at church ... goosebumps ... 
i pray that instead of me calling out to God for the things I want to do , God would call out to me and use me for what He wants to do . 
restoring a computer to factory defaults can be a lot more daunting then you ever think it could be ... especially when a < PROPFEMALE > representative says you did it wrong and they were wrong ... i think a monkey could get a job on their support site . 
If you do not like the new FB , here is a way you can change it back . Look to the top left menu and click on MORE . Then click and drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . Click on it and that becomes your default and it is like before . Pass it on ... it works !! 
\What are these strawberries doing on my nipples ? I need them for the fruit salad ! \ " GOOGLE : The Worlds Greatest Search Engine " 
You're so brilliant . Dont soon forget . You're so brilliant . Grace marked your heart . This is the correlation of salvation and love . Don't drop your arms , I'll guard your heart With quiet words I'll lead you in and out of the dark . 
dad and brother came ... dad and brother left ... i feel sad now ... 
And daddy , how are you today ? You must be proud of the boys that you have raised . Your withered heart , and everything it's seen , Your cuts and calloused hands , you had kids to feed . You had kids to feed . Please don't worry , I am doing fine . You're much too busy to even find the time , So use your chemicals and take this to your grave , The boys you left are men you didn't raise . 
got a dislike button for facebook ... i am complete now 
COD MW : 2 online here i come . campaign last night from about 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. and now on to multiplayer !!! XX erzangel XX is my gamer tag !!! add me if you wanna play 
still playin COD MW : 2 !!! < PROPFEMALE > doesnt like me too much ... lol 
God doesnt give us anything that we cant handle . he places people and things in our lives so that we can grow spiritually and mentally . Faith is all we need to pull us through . Faith in God . Faith in ourselves . Faith in His plans . 
I've been looking at the sky ' Cause it's gettin ' me high . Forget the hearse ' cause I never die . I got nine lives Cat's eyes Abusin ' every one of them and running wild . ' Cause im back , yes i'm back in black . 
well ... no ticket , tired , sick , exhausted , aching , loved , and anxious are all in my morning today . exciting . glad < PROPFEMALE > remembered my car needed to be moved . 
Its the season of thankfulness . Material things mostly , houses , jobs , money . But im thankful for everything i havent been given . I never want to lose sight of God . I never want to have so much going on that i look right past the one thing that has kept me together . Sure , im thankful for family , friends , and other things , but i wouldnt have any of that if it werent for God's grace . 
List of things that are not easy : Practicing hand speed on my electric guitar ( feel free to contribute to this list . Just please keep it clean thx ) 
Thanksgiving 1 of 5 done . wish me luck of keeping all the food down and not gaining weight in the process , lol . 
approx . 2.5 weeks before im on christmas break ... so close ... yet so far . wish me luck not killing people or professors these next coming weeks 
\I may not have the softest touch I may not say the words as such And though I may not look like much I'm yours And though my edges may be rough And never feel I'm quite enough It may not seem like very much But I'm yours \"" 
Technical Physics I : 3 classes left in the whole class for this semester and good ol professor says we have 2 more quizes , a mid-term , and an exam to take in those 3 days .... make any sense ???? i didnt think so either ... 
Luke : \what are you doing ? \ " Amanda : \ " They're soft ! \ " Luke : \ " what's soft ? \ " Amanda : \ " Your eyebrows ... \ " .................. wow .... conversations with < PROPFEMALE > are never boring " 
you reach a point in your life when you take a seat and look around you and see just what makes you move every day . for some its the children . For others , its a < PROPMALE > for a better life . For me , its working hard to make myself a better man and working to put my future in a place where i can share it with my wife . What makes you move ? what makes you get out of bed in the morning ? 
I'm going to mod my xbox 360 controller to have LEDs on all the buttons . yes , its gonna look awesome , yes it will take some time to do , yes it will be kinda expensive . im gonna start with the LEDs and then maybe move to rapid fire mods and then move to modding the xbox 360 console case . mwahahaha . I'm so happy to understand circuits now 
Is still a little upset that one person can turn \Show Choir\ " into \ " Show me the barf bag Choir \"" 
watched UFC ultimate knockouts 5 , 6 , and most of 7 and now .......... watching a tv show on house hunting . the joys of watching tv with my girlfriend . she was nice with watching UFC though so im not complaining 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
the ONE thing i hate about facebook . everyone seems to think that you want to hear/see their thoughts/comments on your status or things you do . i dont care , nor will i ever care . and if you think you have some great information to say to me , keep it to your self because i really dont care . 
I've prayed for the disaster and the relief , but there is no more that i can do . everyone tells others to take a perspective and see what's really important . you want to know what's important to me ? passing my classes , keeping my mind focused on school so that one day , i dont end up jobless or worse for my family . one day , i will be able to do more for things like haiti and this disaster , but not now . 
anyone wanna give me $ 5,929 for an alienware M17x laptop with everything i want on it ? i would be much obliged . 
working out 3 days a week and at least one day on the weekend . biking about 9 < PROPMALE > each time and burning about 300 cals during that time . losing weight , here i come ! 
class from 8:00 a.m. till 9:10 p.m. tonight . oh the price to pay for having classes only 3 days a week . 
If you and I woke up in jail together , using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? ( if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . 
I was asked a last school year as to why i hadnt had sex with my girlfriend . the guy told me \you dont buy a car without test driving it ... \ " i've thought about this and i have an answer : \ " you dont need to drive a cadillac to know that it is the best out there . you dont need to drive a lamborghini to know it is fast . I dont need to \ " test drive\ " my girlfriend to know that what we will have will be great . \"" 
all these stupid , silly songs keep trying to catch your ear . I'm trying desperately . It's just so hard to persevere . And even if you listen ; I never have much to say ' cause its the same old song I've written for today . Shelter me oh genius words . Just give me strength to pen these things and give me peace to weld her wings . 
heres how the day started ..... woke up and turned off the alarm .... fell right back a-fricken = sleep . so long first class of the day :( i guess i can study more now for the physics exam though ... 
Hey everyone , I am going to be singing @ the Holland Theatre this Saturday ( February 20 ) @ 7pm . Come support me -- It's $10 at the door ... I'm planning on singing and playing ' Everything ' by < PROPFIRST > Buble . I might have to sing ' Wonderwall ' by Oasis too ... Love to see you there ! 
got my avenged sevenfold music back . my life is complete 
Bangarang RUFIO !!!!!!!! 
bought a keyboard for my laptop and now i have it hooked up to where my laptop can be closed and i can use my HD tv as the monitor . mwahahaha . i love technology . 
build a power source converting AC to DC from scratch . soldered the circuit board , wires , transformer , and wired the whole thing . it actually works too . i finished and tested it tonight . i actually am learning something . who'da thunk 
ever have those moments when you dont know what you're doing wrong and it just seems to keep going wrong over and over again ? yeah ... im having that kind of moment . 
The first 30 minutes of Zombie Land were good , the rest of the movie was ok , not great , but worth watching . 
\The way she moves away . I wanted her to stay awhile don't go home away . The way she moves away . I wanted her to stay awhile don't go home Away oh \"" 
\you toy with me as i < PROPFEMALE > by your strings as your puppet sings sweet songs of misery . \ " This is a lyric i thought of today . i think it sounds cool so let me know what you think " 
is it possible for a mind to be too creative ? I feel lost sometimes in my thoughts . like im thinking of a thousand things and its hard to search through the lyrics , music , and memories just to find what im looking for . I can hear the songs i write in my mind . the piano , the guitar , the drums , the symphonies ... i can feel music . i can feel the body of written word . or am i just a lost thought in a sea of confusion ? 
Dio died . for anyone who does not know who this is , he was an amazing guitarist . Not just an amazing guitarist , but a legendary one too . RIP Dio . my heart is a little bit heavier knowing there is one less guitarist in the world 
i was reminded that < PROPFIRST > Shick is Thor trapped in a man's body . basketball was fun , but i believe i am tired and sore after still having nice red marks from sharing < PROPFEMALE > blows with Shick . lol . that and 3 blocked shots , a 3 point , and having fun made tonight worth it 
why are status ' only 420 chars long ? 
Its either very sad or dedication when i go out and buy a flashlight for my job and am excited to use it tomorrow at work . lol . WOOT WOOT Ohio Caverns 
you know what ? before tonight and today , i didnt think i was ready . i thought that i was scared and that i wasnt sure if i was all that into it . I thought that i was being dragged along and just assumed that it was what i want . Tonight , im sure i want it . i'm sure that im ready for it emotionally . i still have work to do with how i handle and react to things , but life is a book and im still reading . 
i am getting naked ......... to get in the shower . thats right , i just planted that awesome image in your head . 
i dont even think that frustration begins to describe it at the moment . 
CoD or N64 Emulator ?!?!?!? i cant decide 
excited about life right now ! 
Team < PROPFIRST > ?! Team < PROPMALE > ?! I'm a part of \Team Idontgiveadarn \"" 
screw First Financial Bank .... cant increase my credit limit JUST to make sure i get a low interest rate on my student loans because they say i cant make the minimum monthly payments when my mother pays for my credit card < PROPMALE > ...... ive never made a late payment , and only like 5 times in 3 years have i gone over 250$ spent on the card in a month ..... where the hell is trust now days ?! 
Tell me what you thought about when you were gone and so alone . The worst is over ; you can have the best of me . We got older but we're still young . We never grew out of this feeling that we won't give up . 
when you look in the mirror , what do you see ? do you see yourself ? or do you see a vision of the past ? every day is a < PROPMALE > to make right what you have done wrong . fix relationships that have fallen apart . mend the open wounds that never heal . Every day is a gift of giving you one more < PROPMALE > to make right in the world . use your life to build strong relationships and never give up on yourself 
Forever I pray those beautiful eyes wanna fall upon me , \ 
And say , \It's alright 
and the headlights on the highway can not help me understand . whatever it is you need , i pray i am\ 
\ 
with my fingertips i trace on your bare skin all of the things id like to say but cannot speak . you mean everything , there not quite words enough , to tell you all the things that you've become for me . \ 
and the headlights on the highway can not help me understand . whatever it is you need , i pray i am 
I LOVE MY SISTER < PROPFEMALE > POPPE :) \ 
she is pretty much the best sister in the entire world . 
Thanks to < PROPMALE > Freehauf , < PROPFIRST > at Verizon , and crazy circumstances , I will be having the Droid Incredible in approx . 3 days !!!!!!! 
Got my Droid and I'm speechless . 
You know its true love when your girlfriend says \my butt inches\ " without missing a beat and with a straight face " 
candycorn was definitly the way to go 
Intro to CSET , Applied Engineering Math , Programmable Controller Fundamentals ...... 9:30 a.m. --- 1:45 p.m. not bad for a monday 
FINALLY Finished Doom 3 . Seriously , that is one of the Longest games i have ever played . the only one that i think is longer is Ninja Gaiden 2 and its so long that i quit playing it because i didnt think it would ever end ..... In conclusion of my rant , Doom 3 was very exciting to play and even though its got some date on it , its still a good game graphically with a decent computer . 
Locked out of your dorm room ? no problem with door on a rope ! 
Just did something that should have been done a long time ago . pray for me . hopefully things check out ok and things can start to change for better because im tired of hiding from it . Wish me luck !!! lol 
Say that you're into me\ 
Let me know how it will be \ 
If you don't know just say so \ 
I'll wait ' till the perfect time\ 
Think of all the perfect lines \ 
I'll make sure if I let you know 
\and today was a day just like any other ... \ " - < PROPFIRST > McMahon " 
stay on the road so i call my momma when i got time 
what sense or ability could you lose and live without ? i'm gonna post mine in a comment to this status 
40 kills with the pistol is do-able ... 400 total kills on the day ?!?!?! what do you want from me , halo ? i have a life too ! ( sits in a corner and pouts ) 
Watching sister act with < PROPFEMALE > and then some meatloaf . Gotta love lazy nights 
GUESS WHO JUST GOT A CALL FOR A POSSIBLE C O-O P ?!?!?!?!?! the company is SSOE and they are like 5 minutes away from Toledo . i would have a par t-t ime job this semester , full time in the spring and possible another par t-t ime in the summer and another possible full-time in the fall ..... WOOT WOOT WOOT WOOT .. now i just gotta get things finalized 
Got my first IV today , lol . Wasnt near as bad as I thought it would be seeing as how I went into the day not knowing I was having one , lol 
just got a call back from SSOE and ............. THEY WANT ME TO COME IN FOR AN INTERVIEW !!!!!!!!!!!!!! next monday at 4:15 i will be standing/sitting in an office interviewing for my future 
Interview tomorrow ... ready with questions , my handsome clothes , a fresh hair cut , and , but of course , my devilish good looks !!! lol . wish me luck and then some ! 
thanks for the well wishes for my interview today !!! on a more entertaining side-note , i will be attending the Chicago Bears vs . Washington Redskins game this coming sunday with < PROPMALE > Freehauf and my sister , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Poppe . seeing as how we collectively like the cowboys in our home , I am inclined to hate the Redskins so ... GO BEARS !!!! 
got a call from SSOE ....... I GOT THE INTERNSHIP !!! I START ON THE 28TH ( next thurs . ) AND I'LL MAKE 14$ AN HOUR WOOT WOOT 
Like my status and I'll post on your wall ... 1 ) something I've learned about you . 2 ) the color you remind me of . 3 ) my first memory of you . 4 ) the animal you remind me of . 5 ) something I've always wondered about you . 6 ) my favorite thing about you . 7 ) repost this 
had a successful first day at work . now to go to sleep so i can wake up at 6:50 and get all spiffy and do it again !!! this time with software involved !!!! 
\So long live the car crashed hearts . Lie on the couch all the poets come to life . Fix me in fourty-five \"" 
word of the day : cantankerous . use it wisely ... 
Shared my wisdoms with < PROPFIRST > kavanagh . All of the important life lessons like call of duty strategies and girls , lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Kavanagh has an apartment at 1212 Steeple < PROPMALE > Circle in Toledo , Ohio ... WELL ..... little did i know that in Waterville , Ohio ( 35 minutes south of Toledo ) there is a 1212 Steeplechase . My gps on my phone didnt know that and oh what a trip trying to save some time getting back to Toledo ... before someone says it : NO , i was not lost , just pissed that it took me to the wrong steeplechase 
B.O.B. Is my hero 
im going to do a test ... In your own words . what has been my purpose in my life , your life , or in the world . what experiences have you had with me that have influenced you , bad or good ? post your responses in comments 
sad day everyone ... i found out last night that they closed the gameworks at Easton Mall :'( 
Pink flowers are my favorite :) 
I am on a journey to find a hobby . I have my guitars , but i've HAD them for 13 years ... I have video games , but i've also HAD them for just about as long ... I started looking at electronics and kits to build things , but that is expensive so , if anyone has any intelligent ideas , let me know . 
to all those posting their status about the gun laws and how pencils misspell words , think of this : It was never about if guns or people kill other people . it's an issue of responsibility . Everyone who has ever worked in the generic workplace knows that there is responsibility . There are those that accept and fulfill their responsibility and there are those that don't . 
I love getting checks with overtime hours on them ... sooooo enjoyable 
One day until surgery . surprisingly enough , im not nervous to be under anestesia or to have a doctor do work on me . i think im more nervous because i will be away from work for three days .... Everyone wish me luck TOMORROW around 10 
what is it about her smile that makes the brightest stars look dim ? \ 
what is it about love that brings her to him ? \ 
what is it about at T-shirt and Jeans that makes < PROPFIRST > Vuitton look ragged ? \ 
what is it about her heart that makes me want to have it ? \ 
it is an undeniable , unexplainable , unpredictable , and undefinable LOVE . 
Yes , i can clean dishes . Yes , i can do laundry . Yes , i can buy groceries . and Yes ... I am Housebroken ... look out world ... the new < PROPMALE > 2.0 is hitting shelves sooner than you think ! 
nothing like listening to some classic < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Thorogood ... it's a good day 
did anyone else complete a survey and get the \receive a free laptop or < PROPFEMALE>'s secret card\ " thing at the end ? sounds like hackery to me ... why would i want to complete 2 ' offers ' that i have to pay for to receive a \ " free\ " laptop or gift card ?! COME ON FACEBOOK ! " 
since when does forgetting the lyrics to the NATIONAL SONG OF YOUR CONTRY and yelling count as a good song or show ? Fergie and < PROPFEMALE > , you both are losers . quit your contracts and careers and do us all a favor . 
Fun fact of the day : if you yawn with ear buds in while listening to music , you can actually hear the pitch get lower for a few seconds . 
Like my status if you think the next song i should learn vocally and musically should be \Marry Me\ " by Train " 
Only in Toledo do Gentlemen's clubs and stip joints advertise free < PROPFEMALE > necklaces every hour \so you can show your lady how much you care \"..." 
thank you , Cyanogenmod , for bringing Gingerbread to my Droid Incredible . still some kinks , but the most stable and quick version of GB I've used so far 
A lot of people spend their time looking for a purpose . looking for an inspiration or a role model . I find inspiration in myself and what i accomplished , my family and what we've been through , my friends and what we've seen and done together , and my heart in all it has endured . 
Thanks to everyone the Congratulations that < PROPFEMALE > and I have received . We're super excited too ! 
\ < PROPFIRST > p Down < PROPFIRST > p Down Da < PROPFIRST > Da Da Da Doh Da Daa ... \"" 
just another day at the office 
