Happy New Year , everyone . Neighbors are firing fireworks everywhere . 

My last Facebook account was disabled/deleted . No reason was given , nor warning . Can I hate on Facebook now ? :P 
Insert something witty here . 
Tried to fix my earbud a little better , but instead broke it more ... Never knew there was plastic in it . It still makes sound , but it's quieter and slightly different . You probably wouldn't notice if you weren't listening for it , though . Blah . 
Ew , why do I keep trying to chew on my necklace ? WTB long-lasting , fruity flavor gum PST . 
The cookies on the table are tempting ... 
Orange sherbet sounds really good at the moment ... 
I love how music can totally change your mood . <3 
Once a month for a week , every month , I seriously wish I was a guy , blaaaahhh . 
Almost fell asleep on my sketchbook ... Paper isn't very comfy . 
Well ... I was up until 4AM reading the night before , and last night I was up until 3AM reading . Book is finished now .. xD 
Maeve likes saying that my room is the guest room and that I just sleep in it and am the guest . -facepalm- 
... and I am jet lagged . It feels like it should be 6PM- even though I only went back 3 hours , not 4-5 .. 
Even while jet lagged I still wake up late . I guess I really am just not a morning person , lol . 
Waaaant my PC set uuuuup . This computer sucks . >.>; It likes being buggy with me .. or I'm just unlucky . 
Slow connection . So . SLOW . It's like leeching off someone else and having a low connection .. Google barely loads . I'm amazed FB did . 
Too lazy to upload photos to my portfolio ... So I uploaded a few more on here instead . Sheep go baaaaaa . 
Holy shizz , my one headphone started working for a minute and scared me half to death . Now it won't work . Baaaaah . 
I see people walk their dogs . Now I wanna see people walk their cats . Even though that would be kind of odd ... 
I'm really craving soft , fluffy sugar cookies with orange flavor .. 
Freaking insomnia .. Haaaaate . 
Skype Beta looks weird ... and shiny . And different and annoying and pretty . I think the only really ' good ' thing about it is the multi0webcam ability . Which is totally useless for me , lol . 
Grandma's speakers were unplugged ... At least that meant I didn't have to walk her through too much and try to figure something out on the PC without being there . 
We need more cupcakes . 
Now we need more ice cream . Everyone ate it before I could hardly have any ... Actually , that is always how it is . How freaking much do you guys eat ? I think I need to be quicker and take more . 
Today is the official Talk Like a Pirate Day . Too bad I fail at talking like a pirate . 
When it suddenly starts raining hard , I keep thinking it is going to storm . I almost want it to storm now . The rain is teasing meeeee . 
Nomnomnom taffy . <3 
We need more taffy . And frozen chocolate . Soon more kettle corn , too . >.> 
Figures . This ~ 15-20 year old webcam works on my computer but no my mom's . She apparently has enough outdated drivers that it won't work , and even if those were up-to-date , I can't find a driver for this specific webcam for Windows XP . -facepalm- 
This is all so frustrating . Even the stuff I can access is frustrating . Yes , I know how to open a browser . How else did I get to the website ? And I know how to search with google . And go between windows on my desktop . I don't need to learn how to do all of that over and over and over . 
.. did I seriously just see and hear an ice cream truck drive by ? 
Mmm , chocolate chip cupcakes . 
Everything is so frustrating , bleh . \ 
And this desk/table makes my typing ' feel ' weird . I didn't think different surfaces would make so much of a difference . 
Am I just really tired , or does the main < PROPFEMALE > ( top news/most recent ) look ... different ? 
Every time you update Windows , Windows hates you more ... Now FireFox ( and even Safari ) keep crashing . Especially when they have ANYTHING to do with sound or video . And sound and video just don't work . -facepalm- 
It's kinda hard to make a single bag of ramen when all the pots you have are meant for several cups of pasta and water . 
This cookie better be enough energy for 30 minutes . Sleepy . X.x 
I need more photos and images to edit in photoshop and make colorful . 
Other than all of math and some WA History , I THINK I am caught up on everything . ... I think . 
I was enjoying math earlier , until I got to the point where my brain just doesn't work or compute any of it ... I think math and I have a love-hate relationship . Used to love it , then hated it , now it's both . As long as I understand it , I like it . But I don't easily understand it . -facedesk- 
\I had to google ' jfgi ' to see what it meant . The irony is overwhelming . \ " — classyhorse23\ 
I am not a morning person . Wake me up at 10 , I can wake up quickly . Wake me up at 7 , and it takes me until 10 to be fully functioning anyway . Science is boring . 
I have the sudden craving for sparkling cider ... And warm apple cider . Good thing it's practically fall . 
Today is 10/10/10 - no matter what way you date things ~ And I still have the < PROPMALE > to wait until it is 10/10/10 10:10:10 PM . :D Yay being behind in time , lol . 
One mile run for PE and math ... bleh . At least I have nothing else until tomorrow . 
safe mode = holy shizz everything is big and windows 98 style , while still keeping vista's menu style . gah , haaaate this . X.x 
Faster . FASTERRRRR . Woo . But now I need to go and download tons of programs , bleh . ... I typed probgrams at first . Yes , programs definitely have \probgrams\ " . Problems . I think I should sleep now .. " 
I forgot ... I have no program to open documents in . Oops . Now I'm waiting on OpenOffice to download , and it is going so slow . X.x 
Little dog just came in the driveway and even started digging in near the bushes and covering the driveway with mulch and dirt . It had a collar and tag ( was jingling ) and with a quick look I saw the name was < PROPFIRST > ( didn't see the phone number before he wandered away ) . He looked fairly dirty and smelled , so I hope he isn't lost . :/ 
Giant slugs are giant . 
When I have to read history to learn it , I find it extremely boring and have trouble remember what I read . However , if I read a novel of some historical thing , I love it , and remember it . 
Oh wow . I just installed Skype , and .. You can see your Facebook news feed on it . This is fancy . You can even post on it , too . 
-stares at files transferring- A watched computer ... never ... .. computes ? I'm outta cleverness . 
12 acres of a corn maze is insane . Sounds fun , but it is more than three hours away , which actually doesn't surprise me . 
Last night I turned my computer off , and it started doing 85 updates . I turned it on today , and it is slow(er ) , and the fans won't be quiet now . So obviously the updates have to do with something .. 
Now my mouse isn't working . One thing after another . Headphones , programs , computer , mouse . 
In-jokes = <3 
Usually people think I'm insane or weird when I say I like 80's music and other old music , but I love when I find people who also love it , lol . 
In 2-5 days my WPM went up by 3-6 WPM . I wonder if it was because of all that chatting I did , lol .. My WPM is now 72 with one error . I'm even tired and spent a good 20 seconds fixing typos as I went . Did a one minute test . 
Finished up unit 1 in math , I think ... or , well , completed all the quizzes , and part one of the unit test . It took my grade % up to 40-something , from 18 , because everything in unit 2 ( this month ) has been graded zero until I get to it . Bleehhh . Don't like math . 
... you have to be kidding me . -facepalm- Now my monitor speakers are having problems . That or the internet hates them , and the internet is lagging out a lot . 
10:30 , wake up , do schoolwork , 12 . Oh , look .. done . ' cept for math . That was fairly easy . 
Math has too many words/phrases/whatever for things . Why can't they just explain it how it is ? Doesn't matter how many times I read them or ' re-learn ' them , I can't remember what they mean . It's seriously like reading French and not knowing any French at all and not having a translator . Basically , it's extremely frustrating . 
92.7% on my English test . : l That was fairly easy . 
Hm .. Either Facebook is being buggy again , it is still loading , or I found a way to just change my display picture on my profile and not on my posts . 
85%+ of people I know don't like or hate country music . They never believe me when I tell them there is other ' styles ' of it , too , because I know I've heard different kinds of country . 
Hurts to swallow , yawn , or do much anything . And I've felt sick to my stomach on and off . No other cold symptoms , either . Drainage/phlegm sure isn't being nice , either . Bleehhh . I need more tea with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Writing stuff down/taking notes usually helps people to remember things , but I think it helps me /forget/ things . That , or my brain just doesn't work like most peoples . 
PE class was all about Halloween < PROPFEMALE > and calories , and was all Halloween-looking . They even chose purple and made a subtle hint at that color being chose for Spirit Day when they reinforced the no bullying rule on chat . <3 Also , a teacher played MJ's Thriller song before class . 
... well then . That isn't a good sign . Computer just froze up almost how it did right before it totally failed and didn't boot up right .. Backing up files just in case it turns out to not turn on properly again , ugh . 
Miracle Worker ( 1962 ) = <3 . I didn't think I could actually get emotional over any kind of movie , lol . 
First a slight sore throat , then worse , then more than a sore throat and a little stomach sickness , now so ' sore ' that moving my neck too much and it hurts . Oh , and a stuffy/runny nose and sneezing , with a cough here or there . Ibuprofen needs to work better and faster . 
While my computer took forever to do updates , I cleaned my room , cleaned my desk , organized everything , made my bed , and .. wow , I cleaned so many < PROPFEMALE > things that didn't need it . Now I just need a vacuum . 
Omnomnom cinnamon cheerios . Or apple ... I don't know what flavor they were , but they were tasty . 
Ugh . I have to slam my monitor for the speakers on it to work . Everything that is meant to play sound for me must hate me . 
Inanimate objects are out to scare people for Halloween , too . Right after I woke up earlier today , the huge balloon in my closet randomly exploded and popped . Scared me half to death . 
Computer is acting ... funny . Really , extremely slow in FireFox right now . I blame Vista for updating to the second service pack . 
Is it me ... Or is the text smaller on Facebook ? 
Both earphones work . I am sitting insanely still , because I'm afraid that if I move they will stop working . >> 
You miss two classes , and all of the sudden you feel extremely behind . Oh , and then you miss a third , because the schedule lied/changed in the middle of the night when you sleep . ffffffffff 
OpenOffice seriously sucks for everything except Computer Literacy . It keeps messing up the format of files and doing crappy things . 
Now ... OpenOffice just isn't working right at all . I mean , it opens , and I can type in it , but the formatting is literally just spazzing and it makes it impossible to do anything now . 
Oh ... look . DST again . 
Good thing I don't have a lot of schoolwork today . Or ... I think I don't , anyway . Just got home in time for one of my classes . 
English wants me to write a letter to the editor .. this week ? I guess over the next couple of weeks . I don't know what to write about , even though I was told in advance to start thinking about it . 
Ffffuu . Grammar Nazi twitching begins ... Now . Especially for the noobspeakers and leetspeakers . 
Veteran's Day Assembly ... I don't know if I have to attend it or not . One class was canceled today so I could attend the assembly , but they haven't made anything clear if I have to attend or not . Which is kind of annoying , since I have a lot of work to do today . 
As much as I love using my tablet .. I hate having to use it for anything but < PROPMALE > . :/ My mouse crapped out again , and my hand keeps moving to it to click , but it doesn't work . Time to get into the habit of using my tablet . 
My whole body really doesn't enjoy this weather . It's really a bitter kind of cold . X.x My hand especially won't leave me alone . 
Sometimes you wonder why a song randomly gets stuck in your head .. especially when you haven't heard it in years . 
Even when I don't type my typing speed goes up . It's a much faster and accurate when I am tired , though .. which doesn't make any sense to me . 
Eh . Sometimes the only way to get up is to literally jump out of bed . I would have slept longer like I usually do , but my teachers aren't putting up recordings anymore , and I need to actually see some of the classes . :/ 
I have little schoolwork for the rest of the week , but Monday has 3-4 tests waiting . >.> 
On the first day of Christmas .. oh wait . Won't be long before December ~ Time goes too fast . Feels like just the other day was Christmas . 
Today is being really slow . 
I just looked out my window to check the weather ... but it is dark already . Guess that is what I get for waking up late . 
Happy Turkey/Feast Day everyone ~ 
omnomnom pickle in the middles 
Soft < PROPFEMALE > , warm < PROPFEMALE > , little ball of fur\ 
happy < PROPFEMALE > , sleepy < PROPFEMALE > , pur pur pur\ 
\ 
Of all songs to get stuck in my head ... Why this one ? 
A file I need to edit was sent to me as a PDF . How nice . -.- 
Beginning of December ~ 
.. thanks for not telling us ahead of time . I need a book for English that I don't have and the assignment/lesson starts today . 
My teacher just asked everyone , \Do you know who created the first libraries in the United States ? \ " One of the students said \ " Chuck Norris\ " . I'm glad my teacher has a sense of humor and actually found it funny . " 
Woah . New profile on Facebook . More family options , fancier looking ... This is cool . 
Couldn't fall asleep until 6am , slept restlessly until now . Woohoo roughly 3 hours of sleep , and now feeling horrid ? :/ Finally caught the cold , or something , because it's hard to breathe now and my throat hurts . 
Every time I do something that should help my cold , it just gets worse . :/ It's not fun being unable to sleep because it feels like you'll choke . 
Liam fell asleep on the couch . He must have been bored or something . ô . o 
This cold is really messing with my head . Since when was it Sunday ? X.x 
I like crumbling paper until it is soft . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and Happy Holidays , everyone ~ 
wakka wakka wakka 
Playing a game that tons of people say is scary and creepy ... I have yet to be scared . Nice . 
I need a picture for the < PROPFEMALE > yearbook thing and I don't have any that are actually ... quality ? Pffff 
I think I've nearly broken my \addiction\ " to soda . ... almost . " 
... what kind of grade is \S \"?" 
I dislike mornings . 
[ 12:49:44 PM ] *** Call ended , duration 47:29:49 ***\ 
Almost two days ... damn . 
If I focus my webcam on this new glowy/sparkly bouncy ball when the lights are out , and spin the ball , it looks like there are fireworks in it . O.o 
... So , sometimes i have the hit my monitor really hard so the speakers work . Now I have to do the same with my mouse . :/ 
Well , I slept through pretty much both of my phone alarms , my watch alarm , my friend calling me a couple times , and texts .. In the end my friend had to call me on Skype to get me up . I think my brain is training itself to not hear things in the morning ... 
Fffff . Having such an easy project in DPG is actually a challenge . :/ It is limiting me immensely . 
I knew Lady Gaga was odd , but now ... I don't even want to know . 
I bother to get up early to do school stuff , but I can't even access my classes . :/ 
Despite turning in my project in DPG a little late , I got enough bonus points to get more than the default < PROPMALE > total , lol . I didn't even overdo it .. too much . 
Heavy rain , lots of hail .. at the same time , for no more than a couple minutes . Really loud weather . 
You'd think that something you need to fill out within a couple days would have instructions , but it doesn't ... 
Hard drive is acting up really bad again . Desktop has frozen multiple times today , along with anything Windows-related . Usually freezes every couple minutes .. FireFox keeps crashing/freezing , too . I backed up my files ( took over an hour , since the desktop frozen while it was backing up ... ) , but then after it crashed again I think it undid the backup . I'm starting to get really pissed off ... e.o 
Updating FireFox from 3.6 to 4.0 . It's ... different . Not bad , I guess . However , the font is either too small or too big in places , and is really blurry and hurts my eyes . I can't change it , either . :/ 
Never thought I'd find a k12 students outside of k12 or thebigthink . I don't feel quite so ... alone now ? lol 
I made myself a cream chease , breaded fish fillet , waffle sandwich . It was tastier than I thought it would be . I need to experiment with food more . 
About every other two words , my science lesson is mentioning carbon , carbon cycle , carbon dioxide , calcium carbon .. Carbon no longer looks or sounds like a word . I have to keep correcting it after typing it , too , because I can't even spell it right . :/ 
Guess I should figure out how to type everything with very few a's , since I need to use my pencil to hit the key now . It's .. ... well , now I need to use my mind . Without a's I got to think things through before typing . It's kind of interesting typing without the letter . 
