has a desperate urge to take a long road-trip 

is almost certain that Summer is sick with something :( she's been hacking for a day and a half now . < PROPFIRST>'s getting it too :( 
is watching Pride and Prejudice . Oooohhh ... Mr. < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
can't wait to go over to < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight . Summer's excited too !! 
is celebrating her mom's birthday today . Happy Birthday , Mom ! 
has 10 days before her three day Birthday celebration at < PROPFIRST>'s Falls ! :) 
can't wait to get out of her house this coming week-end !!!! 
would rather be eaten alive by squirrels than have to \clean sweep\ " at work anymore . There is NO point in dusting every rack in the store when all it does is settle back down in the same place the next day ! " 
got a new phone !! 
loves that Summer snores ... it's SO cute ! 
has been awake since 5 ..... sob :( 
is leavin ' .... leavin ' ... on that midnight train to < PROPFEMALE > ...... Not really , but she's going to be gone until Monday !!! :) Four days till her teen years are over ! 
Is in the most beautiful place ever ! And will post pics when she gets back ! 
LOVES < PROPFIRST>'s Falls and can't wait to go back !!!!! It is the most relaxing place she's been too in quite some time :) 
thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes ! I had a really great day :) 
is playing a VERY addictive game ... rhythm heaven for the DS ..... 
thanks God for < PROPFIRST>'s impulsive RAD of the panty table .... otherwise she and < PROPFEMALE > would be starting a Fight Club in the Sears parking lot . And I don't think \I fell down\ " counts in real life ...... " 
might get her tatoo on Friday afternoon , if the guy has an open slot ! SO excited !! 
is going to take a walk down by the river before she has to go to work at noon . 
agreed to go to brunch today with her paternal grandmother . Lord help me . 
needs some serious hard liquor after spending two hours with G-ma Klein ! 
can't believe her grand-parents want everyone over at noon ! 12 plus hours with Norwegians .... it should be an interresting Fourth of July ! 
fell in love with the wrong guy ....... again 
.... don't you know this is all just a contest ... the one who wins is the one who hits the hardest .... 
is going to be cooking all day ........ she thinks ....... she may just lay outside all day :) 
thou shalt not lie about ice cream cake 
feels like a zombie after her sister's grad party yesterday . Even when she's recieving money from everyone we know , the girl is still a bitch ! 
thinks it sucks that her work has inventory the week her parents decided to go up north !! :( a week of stress , and taking care of a brother and an ungrateful sister is SO NOT what she needs right now 
work for 5 hours , then chinese food , and Burn Notice !!!! 
took her dogs on a bike/walk for their outing today . It was .... interresting ..... at least I didn't fall ! :) 
is taking her brother to see < PROPMALE > Potter at noon . Then ( crossed fingers ) the Mall of < PROPFEMALE > :) 
.............. don't put a < PROPFEMALE > down in front of me .......... 
finally has a day off , and is suffering from allergies BIG TIME ! I can hardly open my eyes . And to top it all off ..... there are no more tissue boxes in the house . :( 
is going to write for a couple of hours , and try to pretend her house isn't 100 degrees ..... 
woke up this morning with her dog literally laying on her face . Evidentally Summer doesn't like storms .... etiher that , or she's trying to kill me ...... hmmmm ....... 
is REALLY excited that her family is coming up from Salt Lake City ! I haven't seen my Uncle < PROPMALE > since his heart attack two years ago . 
needs a new memory 
Is still tierd after her late night dinner with her extended family , and is really excited about the black and white photos of her great-grandfather that she recieved from her uncle . 
has a 6am shift tomorrow . Ewwww ...... 
..... i have my toes in the water , butt in the sand . Not a worry in the world , a cold beer in my hand , life is good today . Life is good today . 
cleaned out her room yesterday and found a TON of old photos ! Some of them are even from 6th grade ! LOL . Shows how often I throw things away :) 
when life gives you lemons , make grape juice . Then stand back and watch as everyone wonders how the hell you did it . 
is SO excited that class starts on Monday ! 
' s first class is at 10am tomorrow ! :) 
has to work eight hours today . YUCK ! I really needed that eight to study , but that's life right ? 
really wants this semester to be over now . Two weeks in and already not a fan :( 
is trying really hard to care about her math homework ..... but is failing ...... 
thinks AR should invest in some salt bags . When hockey players slip and fall , you know you have an ice problem ! 
is excited to make C-4 cake tonight with < PROPMALE > , in celebration of Burn Notice returning !!!! 
is not happy with her Internet right now . How am I supposed to do my online assignments when half the answer boxes show up ? Grrrr ... 
can't wait to watch the game with < PROPFIRST > :) 
is going to go to class now .... lame ..... 
is pretty sure that even after the end of the world , someone will be doing math homework . It just never freaking ends !!! 
has only three days before she gets to go see Macbeth with < PROPFIRST > :) 
should take advantage of a canceled class by doing homework , but is on facebook instead . 
had a really great weekend :) 
is on the < PROPFIRST>'s List . Just got the letter ! :) 
needs to borrow someone else's handbook on life , she seems to have lost hers .... 
is ready for Burn Notice , cookie dough , and other things ..... 
not only burned four fingers on her right hand , but cut herself at work today , then burned a finger on her left hand baking cookies ...... I give up . seriously . 
is officially a Land's End associate ! And it feels FANTASTIC !!!! 
is cooking for her grandma's surpirse birthday party today ! :) 
had a GREAT night with her crazy family , and is now ready to celebrate < PROPFEMALE > Hanson's 20th birthday tomorrow . Happy early birthday , < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! 
is trying to read the poems assigned for class , but really ?! When you're told outright that Coleridge was under the influence of opium at the time can you really take his stuff seriously ? 
is excited to go out with < PROPMALE > and Ange this Saturday , and for Rent next Saturday ! I'm lovin ' Saturdays ! 
.... you make me smile like the sun , fall out of bed . Sing like a bird , dizzy in my head . Spin like a record , crazy on a Sunday night .... 
finally understands what happy sad means .... and it does suck . 
got more than four hours of sleep last night , finally ! I thank the Presidents for no class today ! :) 
5 days until Rent ! 
wants to kill her math prof . jail time can't be worse than this torture . FML . 
What's The First Rule of Fight Club ?! 
there must be some kinda way out of here , said the Joker to the Thief 
who goes to the MOA on a Thursday ? We do ! :) 
i'd tell you to go to hell , but I work there , and I don't want to see your ugly face every day . 
likes random men who give up their bus passes to cute girls who don't know how to work kiosks :) 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE > Hanson's basketball game . My friend has AMAZING skills ! Going to go see Rent in an hour . It's been a great day ! :) 
is a huge fan of Rent ! It was an amazing night ! :) Will you light my candle ?...... 
soooo ... you've seen what I've done to myself in the kitchen right ? And you want me to do what with a staple-gun ? 
is 90% sure I have a fever , but I don't have time to be sick , so it's just going to have to go away . 
is going to skip her night class and < PROPFEMALE > out with Mr. < PROPFEMALE > instead ... Mmmm ... good choice :) 
a hot bubble bath , with < PROPFEMALE > candles , and French music playing in the background : the cure to all ails :) 
did you ever stop and think that maybe you always won because I let you ? 
has been dreaming about Mexico .... once summer comes , I'm spending all my spare time at the beach 
fright night tonight . lets see how many movies I can last . My guess is ...... one . 
I laugh in the face of danger ! Ha , Ha , Ha , Ha !...... as long as that danger's not zombies , ax-throwing chain-saw carrying men , ghosts , blood-baths , snakes .... I need a shoulder to hide in , anyone got one to spare ? 
lives life on the edge . Not only did I have oreos for breakfast but I had them ..... without milk ! Take that < PROPFIRST > Bond ! 
went and watched the local boys play hockey in the park . I wish I could find my ice-skates ..... 
needs a punching bag .... 
no school , warm < PROPFEMALE > day ..... screw homework , I'm going skating ! 
sugar , and spice , and everything nice .... hmmm .... would you settle for just spice ? 
it's not about what you have ( 98% of the time what you have sucks ) , it's about taking what you have and making it work ( 98% of the time this also sucks ) . 
is wishing this coke had some rum in it ...... 
has no more excuses for writing her paper ..... but .... wait ... hold on ! USA is tied ! Oh , God really DOES want me to write this paper at 3am ! 
it's amazing , you look like a normal person , but really you're the angel of death 
They say this is the best time of our lives , but I keep looking back to kindergarden : you could color your dog purple and no one would care ( just as long as you colored inside the lines ) , boys were icky , you got to play outside everyday , and your teacher WANTED you to take a nap in class . Since turning 7 , things have sure gone downhill .... 
lost a piece of her soul tonight . I never realized just how boring Sears was when you are by yourself in one area . I was gonna walk out after 7 . 
woke up this morning , looked in the mirror , and immediately knew what Rasputin looked like after getting poisoned , shot , run over by a carriage , and thrown into a river . fml . 
forget the roses , send me the thorns .... 
life's journey is not about arriving at the grave safely , in a well preserved body , but rather to skid in sideways , totally worn out , shouting : \holy shit ... what a wild ride ! \"" 
thought confession was supposed to make you feel better . boy , was I a dumb-ass . 
needs a compass , and a willing accomplice .... 
laughed so hard today , I thought I was gonna cry . some people just never learn . stupid , stupid , people . 
class is cancled , thunderstorm woke me up , no work tonight . Perfect day , and it's only 9:30 . 
enjoyed dinner with the High School gang , and excited to check out the tatoo place with Cae next week . Hurray for Spring Break ! :) 
can't even watch Jurassic Park without jumping * sigh * 
screwed up her ankle again at work , stabbed herself with an ink tag , and now has to do math homework .... I can't wait for Monday ! 
how long does it take a man to finish a basement ? seven plus years , evidentally . 
thinks \I pray for you\ " by Jaron is just about the best song she's ever heard . I can't stop listening to it . " 
got to go outside on my lunch break . Took off my shoes , put on my sunglasses , and soaked in the sun for thirty minutes . Then , I had to go back into work :( 
tattoo at 12 , meeting the Big Bad Wolf at 2 , picking up grandma at 5 , and then , finally , I get to shop for a little < PROPFEMALE > who's turning 3 this weekend . 
would take a punch in the face over this . I can't wait to get the fuck outta here . 
is reading in the sun . No shoes , tank top , no problems ..... 
has a busy day tomorrow . Breakfast with Mershia , tattoo appointment at 12:30 with Cae and < PROPFEMALE > , then dinner with < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait !!! 
can't stop looking at her tattoo :) 
is trying hard not to be jealous of a three-year-old , but damn ! I never got a pinata for Easter . I didn't even get one for my birthday ... 
loves how smoke pouring out of my hood doesn't even bother me anymore . stupid car ... 
' s niece did her proud ! 1 ) face planting in cake 2 ) swiping off cake with your hand , then wiping it off on your white dress 3 ) playing baseball in the grass , regardless of your yelling grandparents . Happy birthday , baby-girl ! 
thinks Sears should have an open bar on Friends and Family night , it would keep the employees from wanting to kill themselves , eachother , and customers ..... 
has four new projects to complete in the next month , so she'll be living quite nicely in whatever library is open at the time , and is VERY excited about it :) 
it's been a good week so far ...... yeah ..... :) 
is still sick :( 
Math and Nyquil don't mix . fml . 
is watching the Wild game , but dreaming of baseball . I want my Twins ! 
spent three hours raking in my bare feet . The yard looks fantastic , and all the gardens are growing things already ! What a perfect day . 
though you may have lost one person , you can turn around and find several others who are willing to help you through the pain .... 
is watching her boys kick some Angel ass . GO TWINS !!!!! :) 
wonders how the hell a conversation about the < PROPFEMALE > Question turned into a whole discussion about how the < PROPFEMALE > are the most un-lucky humans on the face of the Earth . Thanks Brit Lit ! 
has a new favorite show : Supernatural . Too bad I fast-forward through the scary parts ... 
found her old tent ! Now all I need is a new fishing < PROPMALE > , and a place to camp for a few days ... 
thinks all classes should be held outside until the end of the semester 
is sick of being sick 
loves her new < PROPFEMALE > flytrap ! Nothing like feeding spiders to a plant to get your day started off right ! Love you < PROPMALE > , and the great gift ! :) 
drinking , playing poker , swearing , and lying ... all great things to do on a Saturday night , right before you realize your cousin's Confirmation is in a few hours ... oops . 
can't watch Avatar without thinking of other things ... which really sucks because it's a really good movie ... 
when your prof falls asleep during a movie , you know your night class sucks . 
is excited for < PROPFEMALE > Loper's birthday on Friday !!!!! :) 
just found out she's gonna be an auntie again ! < PROPFEMALE>'s due January 20th ! I'm betting it's another girl ! :) 
it's gonna be a good night :) 
one more week of school , then it's time to escape ! 
parlez-vous francais ? 
keep it sassy , ladies ! ;) 
Fight Club wins over papers for finals . 
would LOVE to see a Twins game for her birthday . * hint , hint * :) 
I knew I was bored in my speech class , but while studying for my final , I found my notebook was filled with more doodles than notes . oops . 
Got a \b\ " on her speech final 
Brit Lit paper done !! And it rocks , if I do say so myself ;) \ 
last final tomorrow . Then sweet FREEDOM !!!! 
' s prof was a half hour late for the final . But at least it's over now ! Sweet Freedom !!! 
the grass may not be greener on the other side , but Ireland is greener than the U.S. true facts . 
reading in the sun :) 
Oh . yeah . Very original . No one has ever meowed at me before . Be mine forever ? 
sometimes it takes a three-year-old to show you that life is still wonderful ( and that giant dandelions near the creek are the best damn things on the planet ) . 
dear city , \ 
thanks for the new bike path by target . I don't have to ride on the shoulder anymore !! But we should talk about the other paths , they're shit . Please fix ! \ 
love , Kat 
can't wait to go to the lake tomorrow . I need to find time to relax now that I have full-time hours ... 
I got my toes in the water , ass in the sand , not a worry in the world , a cold beer in my hand . Life is good today , life is good today ..... 
almost put hand soap on my toothbrush this morning . Yeah . It's gonna be one of those days ... 
thinks you should be able to punch people who go 25 in a 45 , then 45 in a 25 .... 
you can sleep when you're dead 
loves how spaghetti-o's sound really good as a lunch option , until you get to work and then you're like : why the hell didn't I just make a sandwhich ? 
We already work in the pit of despair , must we also slave away in the pit of fire ? 
is unfavorable to dead-beat dads . You have 1 of 4 children left , and you can't even take care of that one ? I'm not sorry . You don't deserve respect . 
no matter how low you are , the sunset on the water can give you a high , like nothing else in the world ... 
a 9-hour day to go , and then a whole weekend to relax :) 
World cup time again ? Oh , the memories . Too bad I'm not in Europe again , it was so much fun to sit in a pub and listen to everyone cheer . GO ENGLAND !! 
wants it to rain already , so she can dance in it 
I'm sorry officer , my car just likes to go fast . Ask my friends ! 
just noticed i'm working seven days in a row ..... i'm gonna need more coffee . 
has the countdown to a day off , the countdown until I'm 21 , the countdown to a dozen different grad parties , and the countdown to the start of school all bouncing around in my head . This is becoming difficult ... 
is going golfing before work , and the sun is out , so it should be a good time ! 
walking on a wire ....... let it ride ! 
could live off of the < PROPFEMALE > Garden's breadsticks ... 
Nine days left !!!! :) 
when I find out who egged my car , they're gonna be in the hospital for a while . SO NOT amusing ! 
Going to the salon for some much needed relaxation . 
is excited for the concert tonight !!! :) 
had a fantastic time last night , rain and all ! 
well , now the Twins have to kick some serious ass , cuz our teams have put my heart through hell :( 
I'm going back to the place where I first saw you , I'm gonna camp in my sleeping bag , I'm not gonna move ... 
only I could have the worst day ever , then end up at a movie theatre nicer than the Guthrie with an upscale bar that served Twilight martinis , and bar tenders that need to google how to make a water moccasin shot . I love my life . 
Listen : I am a young , unattached woman with a taste for adventure and an intense dislike for cages . So , if I want to disappear for two weeks , I'm gonna do it . And I don't really care what you think . 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow . I want to finish out my vacation in peace ; with more sun , more books , and more whiskey . 
ladies night was much needed . even if I did end up being the most sober . next time . next time . 
had a wonderful time in < PROPFIRST>'s Falls with < PROPFEMALE > . Gonna see Twilight tomorrow . Great second vacation :) 
given the choice between the dark or the light , I'd take the dark every time . Because it is only after seeing the dark , that you can truely appreciate the light . 
has to go back to the real world today . I'm still not convinced you guys are worth wearing shoes ... 
ugh . I was right . SO not worth it ! I'm having withdrawl symptoms from lack of sunshine , fresh air , and rum . 
so THIS is the seventh circle of hell . huh . I'm getting out . 
That's right ! 6 runs baby !!!!!!!!! GO TWINS ! 
ugh . no more vodka . ever . 
\ ... and brush your hair . You look like a drunken sailor . \ " \ 
hanging with my bestie :) 
what a beautiful day to just chill in a bikini by a pool . Now I just gotta find a pool ... 
It isn't a party until the priest shows up . Or , is it the police ? It's one of those , I'm pretty sure ... 
might not want to go home after living alone for a week ... 
is SO not ready for school to start in three weeks ... 
was highly amused to find that the men's department is right next to the dog stuff at Target now . lol . 
ugh . Just signed my payment plan for school . I need a drink . 
is teaching a three-year-old tongue twisters . where's a video camera when you need one ?! 
Firefly , Sangrias , fajitas , and friends I haven't seen in a while . Great night :) 
was the only one in the bookstore today ! It makes it a little easier dropping 300 on school books when you're not in line for an hour ... 
It's a GIRL !!!! I'm getting another niece !!! :) \ 
Her name's going be < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
forget < PROPFEMALE > for credit apps , hand out little bottles of < PROPFIRST > and I'll get 10 apps a day ! 
Dear City , \ 
Water is kinda important . So , before you shut off a whole block's water supply , you should really contact them first to make sure that , you know , they have a back-up plan . For brushing their teeth , taking a shower , washing their hands , and making sure their dogs have water . Next time , send the notices . Because law suits with little thirsty dogs as plaintives tend to be really , really bad for a city . 
Oh Mr. Sandman , bring me a dream .... 
is glad the summer's over ! Time to get back to school ! :) 
well , that's the good thing about getting up quarter-to-dawn in the morning . You get a great parking spot ! 
needs to volunteer for an environmental cause before november . Anyone have an idea of what I can do , or who I can call ? I would like to do something more than just clean up a trail or a stretch of highway ... 
is imagining what one does in a Lab for Environmental Science . I'm hoping it's just a bunch of class trips to the woods , and some hiking every other friday . 
and , on the seventh day in hell , there was fleece , and wool , and sherpa-lined hoodies . And the children cried . 
' s car has died . R.I.P little purple troublemaker , you kicked ass for as long as you could :( 
can say with complete confidence that chivalry is not dead :) 
girl's night tonight !! :) 
sleeping past 8 is AMAZING ! :) 
Can't wait to go to Lab on Friday ! And for school in general :) 
Dear Universe , \ 
I can't take much more crap , so start being nice again , please ? \ 
Thanks . 
I blame it on Jupiter ! 
just got done reading a chapter of \Lord of the Flies\ " outloud to her brother . " 
is in love with cat napping on the benches by the science rooms inbetween classes . 
you know you've overdone your run when you can't sneeze , cuz it hurts too much . 
thinks that < PROPFIRST>'s goodbye party was pretty much the best ever ! We will miss you < PROPFIRST > !!! \ 
:( 
only your best friend can read an anonymous post , then turn to you and say ; \you wrote that one \"." 
oh weather , you are not helping my already high procrastination tendencies ! 
needs to choose between Italy and Costa Rica . I'm thinking Italy , but it's expensive ... 
was prepared for snow , but was not prepared for SNOW 
my new niece will be born in 9 days !!!! :) 
1 final down , three to go :) 
Finals are over ! My books for next semester only costed $90 . I have great friends who have been such a blessing , and I have five days until my new niece comes ! What a great end to a year ! :) 
had a mountain dew to stay awake at work until close , but now needs to go to sleep and can't .... 
is hanging with Jaylynn , waiting for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to arrive ! :) 
at 3:28 a little snow angel was born ! Welcome to the world < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!!! :) 
Be a beacon of light in the darkness of day , because someone needs your light ... 
So , my English prof wants three goals I have for her class . Here they are : 1 ) to not stab myself in the face when she spends an ENTIRE class period on how to send an email . 2 ) to not stab HER in the face when she makes us go over vocab words like \allot\ " . 3 ) to not stab my classmate in the face when they ask \ " who is < PROPFEMALE > Reagan ? \ " ... I don't think I'll be reaching these goals . " 
is spending the next two days with Jaylynn Blaise and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > :) 
got to see the pretty lights of Minneapolis . Of course I was trying to get back to Coon Rapids from Brooklyn Center , but it's all good ! :) 
Two days until FLORIDA ! SUPER excited ! :) 
Got SUPER burnt in Florida , but it was all worth it ! Made some GREAT friends , had some GREAT conversations , and loved every minute of my time down there ! :) 
Thank you to everyone who gave me encouragement these last couple of weeks , Big Break was one of the most fulfilling weeks of my life , and I cannot wait to take everything I've learned and use it in everyday life ! OH YEAH !! :) 
To my Big Break family : Please be praying for Anoka Ramsey this week as the CRU here starts their outreach today through next Wednesday . Be praying for all of us in CRU , as well as the students here , that God may be working in their hearts , and to keep all of us calm and faithful . If you want more info on our outreach call me ! God is going to be doing some AMAZING stuff this week ! :) 
got to lay out in the sun today ! Sure , it was on my coat on the half-frozen ground , and I was wearing a sweater , but it totally counts !! 
we WIN for sharing the truth and hearts get changed . we WIN if we're rejected because of His name . we WIN if seeds get planted , and watered to grow , but even if we lost we'd still be FANATICAL tho ! 
