Watching Knocked Up . Hilarious ! 

Right now I am thinking that Air on a g string is one of the most beautiful song of all time . Get some culture in your life and listen to some classical . 
Is just looking for someone as damaged as I am . make sense ? 
There isn't much you can say about < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > that is good without it being over shadowed by negative . Atleast he have < PROPFIRST > Stokely and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > who are tremendous athletes and have a but load of Class also . I say get rid of < PROPFIRST > who needs 
Cash rules everything around me , C.R.E.A.M. dolla dolla < PROPMALE > ya'll 
I let the grass grow too long it took 3.5 hours to mow what normally takes 45 mins . That will never happen again . 
The six pillars of sigma business philosophy : Team work , Insight , Brutality , Male Enhancement , Hand Shakefulness , and Play hard . 
Hopes that everybody has a wonderful day , and a most excellent weekend !! 
Watched a little kid eat shit hard at the skatepark today . Man it was brutal . 
Just bought my brothers birthday gift , and some new underwear . Gotta love the feeling of new underwear . Hope everybody is having a great day !!! 
Nothing is going the way I want in my life , but honestly I have never been happier . Sorta a strange reality for myself . Hope everybody has a most excellent rest of their weekend !! 
If I accidentally stick my hand in the fan it hurts . So I dont understand how these miller moths fly into it like six times get hit shot across the room then still manage to go up for another go at it . They are durable . 
Today is a new day ! First day of Summer ! I hope everybody has a great day ! I know I will . 
Wishes everyone the peace and happiness I have had this last week . 
is going to a wedding this weekend for my cousin , thank god she finally found a good guy . Gotta love a good wedding . 
It never ceases to suprise me how stubborn , unforgiving , angry , and prideful some people can be . But I still wish them well . Hope everybody has a nice day !! 
has no energy to care let alone try right now . 
was grumpy for a little while now I am feeling much better , I think 2 hours of sleep can do that to ya sometimes . 
Is going to glenwood springs . should be a fun . 
Not sure what to think today . Just happy I get Cinzettis 
What do you do when you see a train wreck ahead , and you cant warn those effected by it cause they are blind and deaf . Not literally blind and deaf just figuratively . 
It was a great day ! Got to see my cousin and say good bye ( bitch ) , My brother loved the birthday presents I gave him , I also got to sit front row center at Colorado Symphony Orchestra's performance at Red Rocks Amphitheatre and it was completely packed . I 
Can't Stop listening to Bach , Chopin , and Gershwin . It is really becoming a problem . 
Can't stand seeing all these casino commercials . I also think gambling is irrational . 
is thinking that anybody that remains in my life or close to me for any length of time begins to despise me . I see a pattern emerging . 
Is watching extreme trains and it is pretty darn cool , I feel like a little child again when I thought trains were so amazing . 
Just spent the last thirty minutes watching a person clean the house , so they can pay somebody to have the house cleaned tomorrow . This confuses me . 
doesn't know what to think or feel today . 
Just < PROPMALE > up an American flag outside the house . I must say what a great feeling ! 
is watching The House < PROPFEMALE > and it is suprisingly funny . 
might drop some timber ( j/k ) then I am going for a bike ride . Nothing better than a 9 mile bike ride at 8 pm on such a beautiful day ! Yesterdays bike ride I am lucky I didnt get struck by lightening , but then again I dont believe in luck . 
I can't stand when women hold grudges , and are stubborn to the point where the guy have to appologise first . This is simply an enigma to me . Oh well life goes on . 
have you ever just pondered the name of this facebook . its a bit strange to me . Well any who I hope everybody Have a most excellent Sunday !! 
I observed two women today that were equally alarming and impressive in their own way . The first woman had the facial features of a man and was well manicured , while the second woman had strong female facial features but she had a mustache and < PROPFEMALE > hair . 
Bond closed his mind to the picture , trod the ramains of his cigarette into the ground and got going . 
Hope you all have a wonderful Tuesday ! 
Excited for my Tuesday night bible study ! While I was mowing this dog I live with was watching what path I was taking the mower went about 5 steps ahead of me and started to poo , and was staring at me while doing so . that little bugger . 
What a beautiful day . Hope you all have a wonderful evening ! 
I am so tired and am not sure why , I didnt do anything exhausting today . I hope you all have a wonderful weekend !! 
Today is the first time I have had to water the lawn all summer , it has been that moist . What a great year in colorado !! 
Today is the first day of this week , and my goal is to make it productive and alot of fun . 
Just ate like ten pot stickers , and could go for about ten more . Because pot stickers are just that darn amazing ! 
Was just thinking that If you are fat and/or lazy and live in < PROPMALE > . That is much better than being fat and/or lazy in pretty much any other state in the U.S. So atleast there is that incentive to live in Colorado . 
Is thinkin ' that the Book of Hebrews is amazing ! Now I am off to make a couple brautwurst . 
Gosh what an interesting day , 3 hours of sleep , 14 mile bike ride , and a great bible study in the morning and ending my day with a little Drug and Alcohol group therapy . Today was a good day ! 
Go Rockies !, Third place in the National League , and 7th Place in MLB . 
Is watching freaks and geeks and it is pretty funny . I didnt realize how many stars today were in that show . good stuff . 
Is officially , a college student . 
So I was at Film on the Rocks with my brother and grandma , and I was quietly observing some people smoking a joint like three rows down from me . The wind was blowing my direction , and out of nowhere my grandma looks up and starts sniffing , and then looks 
Is going to spend this evening with my old < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Maybe you've met him before . 
Is very tired and watching < PROPMALE > . 
Is just shocked a little bit . sometimes you are just not ready to see somethings . 
I hope everyone has a positive and productive weekend ! 
Is going to eat at Maggianos . Hope everyone else is having a nice Saturday ! 
Lets just face it , to me some people and some social interactions will always be an enigma . 
Is wondering if a misogynist and a misandrist could ever maintain a intimate relationship or marriage with one another . 
went to spring training scrimmage and had a pretty good time . 
I love you like a rap kid loves breaks 
Just ate the best Halibut of my life at the Hotel Colorado . Gotta love glenwood springs 
Is headed to Marble , and then to the < PROPFEMALE > Mill ! 
Is feeling a bit off the last couple days , something is missing I can't figure out what . 
I watch Monster Quest hopeful that they may catch some monsters but they never do . damn show ! 
Is getting tired of group therapy and wants to never go back again . On the other hand it has been a most wonderful benefit to my outlook on life as well as my self awareness . 
Hopes everyone has a wonderful Sunday !! 
So my brother , grandma , and I are in a debate . From The Goods : Live Hard , Sell Hard commercial does < PROPMALE > Helms character say . \I got a 44 dollar haircut . \ " or does he say \ " I got the 44 dollar haircut . \ " Help me settle this darn debate . " 
It feels strange being back in school . 
Is happy that Holliday has completely turned his season around since the traded . Since his trade nobody has a better batting average I how cards sweep the dodgers for the rockies benefit . 
I forgot that Conheads is absolutely holarious . Oh man ! 
How can a day be bad when you start it out with Tamale Kitchen and listen to Blackstar . Its impossible . 
is wondering how he just watched the first episode of season four of < PROPMALE > when it premieres in a month . 
after a year and some change it finally feels like my life is going some where . Though I could be wrong , I seem to be good at being wrong . 
is Forgetting < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > as funny to you as it is to me . Because to me it is just a riot , despite all the man meat there is in that movie . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s book On Writing is delightful . 
Today I am in a Somber mood . Seems that is always what happens after a meeting with my P.O. 
My Ethics , and Interpersonal Communications classes are doing strange things to my mind . 
I have been crucified with Christ ; it is no longer I who live , but Christ lives in me ; and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God , who loved me and gave Himself for me . Galatians 2:20 
This is a strange feeling but when I listen to a Jay-Z & R . < PROPFIRST > collaberation I have a strong < PROPFEMALE > to sell cocaine and then pee on things . 
Hope you all have a most excellent Thursday evening . 
I went to the kitchen and a little bird was stuck in the window , and I live with a little bird dog , so he was going crazy , the bird started flying around the house , then got stuck under the < PROPFEMALE > hutch , then got out flew some more hit the door and fell to the ground and thats where the dog got it tore out two feathers before I lifted him off the bird , then I opened the door and the bird just walked out . just strange . 
Oh , one < PROPFEMALE > paper how I loathe thee . 
Purchased a Flight Simulator game for my computer and it is pretty darn fun . 
Hopes his teacher doesnt grade him too harshly on is crappy paper . 
According to Immanuel Kant I am not a moral person . Good thing I dont live by his standards . 
Over the last few weeks I have read a number of status updates about how people seem to loathe school . I was the person who did no work in school , didnt care and did certain things that will remain nameless for plausable deniability . But now that I going back to school ( community college ) I absolutely love it . Fun , expanding my Intellect , interesting people . Just a great experience so far . 
Wishes some people would realize that true happiness , freedom , and power is not in being beautiful . But being an intellegent and conscious person . 
It boggles my mind that some people speak in double negatives , and truely don't realize what they are saying doesn't make sense . 
< PROPMALE > did you shower , \NO ! boy that is the smell of victory ! \"" 
would love a night when I am not horribly disturbed by some f#%$ed up nightmare . 
Can't Study anymore for now , So I am gonna watch How I met your mother , and then maybe some big bang theory . 
< PROPFIRST > Carlin and his colorful word choice , can really brighten up my day ! Just delightful ! 
Is listening to some good ol ' < PROPMALE > Attell . He is f'ing Holarious ! 
Its sad when you best friend is 2.5 feet tall and rubs his ass on the carpet also loves a tennis ball more than you , and you girlfriend is your laptop/upper left extremity . And the most exciting thing of you week is when you have a debate in class and you end up looking retarded at the end of it . 
Is just happy to be Happy ! 
Is going to make some rice and pot stickers ! 
I love you , man is so funny . 
Is happy that < PROPMALE > Smith , and < PROPFIRST > Sharpe reached out to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > to give advice , told him he was wrong in his antics and to act like a man , and let his performance of the field do the talking . I hope it resignated in him 
Played laser tag today , and dominated everybody . You might ask , how old were your opponants ? Irrelevant ! What was their mental competency ? Doesn't matter I was overwhelmingly dominant ! 
Just a quick poll I hope I get a few responses ! Is it more important to you to be \Beautiful\ " or \ " Intellegent \"?" 
Was just listening to < PROPFIRST > swifts response to kanye and she is a very classy young lady 
Okay so I asked would you rather be \Beautiful\ " or \ " Intellegent\ " . So now I ask How do YOU define \ " Beautiful\ " or \ " Intellegent \"?" 
I almost got hit twice in the school parking lot today . Once getting to my car , and the second driving . I just dont understand how a person can rationally drive 20-30 < PROPMALE > per hour in a parking lot . Its a matter of time before somebody it seriously hurt . I am just shocked . 
I think a little piece of my soul died tonight . And now am trying to regain it with some Taxi Cab Confessions . 
Didn't get much sleep , and it certainly wasn't good sleep . But today is going to be a good day I just know it ! 
Is tired and nervous about my Ethics exam . 
< PROPFEMALE > on ! I'm gonna take you into Mordor , bring ya right back to the Shire , just < PROPFEMALE > on . 
Sometimes I just have to ask myself is it really sexual innuendo or do I just want it to be . 
Today is my friday ! Also I think the dog may need a walk at Washington park . Hell , I need a walk at Washington park . 
I could really go for some banana bread ! Ya that would do just fine . hmm maybe some milk . 
I just can't seem to fully wake up today . 
I love that everybody thinks < PROPMALE > lesnar is so amazing , I might want to remind you carwin has only made it to the 2:00 minute < PROPFIRST > of the first round once . 11-0 all i am gonna say . 
Is happy that the only drama in my life is cleaning up dog , throw up , pee , and poo . Also writing papers I dont want to . 
Was just listening to R . < PROPFIRST > , now I need to use the bathroom . Coincidence I think not ! 
Any ideas for a Sociology research topic ? 
How could I ever forget how funny The Big Lebowski is ? good stuff . 
oooohhh man ! How hot is The Blueprint 3 ? 
Be a thermostat rather than a thermometer . Control the temperature of a conversation rather than it control your temperature . 
Loves this weather ! time for sweater and jackets . maybe even both at the same time ! crazy . 
Somethings to me anyway , are just an enigma . 
I think if myspace and twitter had sex , their baby would be facebook . 
I was just going through my pants , since gaining about 45 pounds . Bending over I have ripped 3 pairs of pants , and sitting down/standing up I have popped 2 bottoms off . I am not sure how to feel bout this . 
Hope you all have a most excellent sunday ! 
I hope you all have a excellent monday . 
Didn't get the ten points deducted that I should have for a late paper , how fortunate . 
Is debating on watching either American Beauty or American Gangster . I might be leaning towards Denzel . 
a little sad . 
Today I saw a 1968 Triumph 650 TR6R Trackmaster , and a 1972 < PROPMALE > SS 350 . I fell in love with them both , my heart aches I want them so badly . 
I am thinking I should dress up as something truely scary for halloween , maybe < PROPFEMALE > Palin , and then point out Russia from my house to trick or treater . 
Is listening to the musical stylings of Black Thought and The Roots Crew . 
I kinda want a Llama or a goat . 
Might have an obsession with stand up comedy ! seriously . 
If I can stop listening to < PROPMALE > Chappelle , < PROPMALE > Attell , Patton Oswalt , and < PROPFIRST > Ck . I might be able to get all my homework done . But so far outlook is bleek . 
If I never hear about < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and their plus eight ever again it will be too soon ! 
Is loving this weather , and hope it stays this way all october ! 
Is ssssooooo tired , but can't sleep ! this is just unpleasant ! 
All this talk about abortions in ethics just bums me out . 
Family Guy soothes my soul . 
I was at < PROPFEMALE > Garden tonight . I walked up to the urinal on the far left , and as I was preparing to use it , and the guy in the middle steps back from the urinal and turns like 30 degrees to his left ( nearly facing me ) and stares at me while putting his thing away . Is it just me or is that F@# ! ing disturbing . I just wanted to go home and burn my clothes while taking a cold shower . 
Its my FRIDAY ! I hope the rest of you have a wonderful Thursday ! 
You can pay for school , but you can't buy class . 
I think this a wonderful day for a bike ride ! 
Nights like tonight living a sober life feels good ! :) 
Is it just me or is American Beauty an amazing movie ! 
is . . . . . . Happy . 
I think < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > looks like a relatively hairless Sasquatch . 
I must have been the only person that really like the throw back uniforms yesterday . 
Watchin ' < PROPMALE > ! it soothes me after a not so great day . 
I love HIP HOP HONORS ! YA ! 
Is listening to < PROPFIRST > Gershwin . His music is just delightful ! 
Is a habitual line crosser . 
I would like to see some of these cage fighters use some pro wrestling moves . Like the stone cold stunner , or figure four leg lock . or really any other signiture moves . That would be hilarious to me . 
is reading his dog eared copy of Tiger beat ! 
Really , really wants to see Where The Wild Things Are . 
Fell asleep for like 45 < PROPFEMALE > . and was woken up to the dog vomitting and shitting all over my bedroom floor ! I really want to be angry !!!!, but I love the little bastard and I think he might be sick or something . 
Just saw Paranormal Activity it didn't scare me even a little bit . But I did enjoy the movie . Does this mean I am evil or heartless ? 
Is tired , and wants no more studying for a few hours , atleast . 
Exams in essay form always stress me out . Multiple choice or short answer don't phase me . Damn essay exams !! 
Is considering going as < PROPMALE > Beck , < PROPFIRST > McCarthy , Rush Limbaugh , or < PROPMALE > Cheney for halloween this year . 
One exam down , three research papers to go . 
Is starvin ' like < PROPMALE > for a Cool J song . 
Strong enough for a man , but built for women . Know what I'm sayin ' . 
I think I live with the Fartiest , smelliest dog of all time . I have washed his butt more times them I remember brushing my teeth . Its crazy . If he wasn't so cute and nice . 
Goin ' to sleep while listening to the comedic stylingz of < PROPFIRST > CK . 
What a BEAUTIFUL day !!!! 
Doesn't like that some people enforce their \Black and White\ " views and opinions of life onto others . Or their \ " Right\ " or Wrong approach . Also I don't like people asking law makers to incorporate specific religous ideas in to the laws of < PROPFEMALE > in order restrict people and their choices . " 
I hate feeling a little ill when everyone is talking about a sickness , like H1N1 , West Nile , etc , etc . Cause I start to get a little paranoid for no real reason . 
sure does enjoy some good ol ' scatological humor . 
Because you can , you won't , and you don't stop . < PROPFIRST > D come and rock the Sure shot ! 
Luck isn't some mystical force that goes around blessing people with satisfaction and joy . You create your own luck . 
Really enjoys watching the Bengals just blow out the Bears !! glorious ! 
It has been nearly 1.5 years since I broke my Jaw and that damn jaw still gets very tight and painful on nights like this . 
Is going to eat at Maggianos . :) 
is experiencing a little cognitive dissonance and I am completely sober . :( 
is shocked at how many < PROPMALE > Hendersons there are on Facebook . This is crazy to me . 
Is really hoping for a snow day thursday , please !!! 
Is going with the notion that tonights classes will be cancelled even if they haven't admitted it YET . 
Yeah !! No English class tonight !! 
I just love SNOW !! 
I feel bad for the dog , because of this 2 ' of snow he can't go out side . He just looks depressed , doesnt know what to do with himself besides shit in the basement . 
I would of loved to have been the investor in Paranormal Activity right about now . 
I am going to miss this Snow . 
I am expecting no trick or treaters , but just to end up with four bags of < PROPFEMALE > by tomorrow . 
I can't wait for Halloween to be over , because then it is Thanksgiving and that means Maggianos !! 
Is Stressed . 
So this dog ( < PROPFIRST > ) that I have been cohabiting with loves to try and attack squirrels . Today he got his long a waited opportunity , he attacked a squirrel today and was bitten slightly on the paw . He almost killed the little squirrel too . I hope the dog will be okay . 
I am going to Cinzetti's tonight !!!!! YEAH !!!!!! 
Is over hearing a conversation between three girls about 19-20 years old . And I am disgusted ! Talking about getting drunk , cheating on there boyfriends , what would happen if they had sex with a random guy on a community college sofa , just wierd stuff . and on top of it they just sound overall very uneducated . 
I wish I could take like a 4 hour nap and trust that I could wake up and stay awake . 
The pirate language setting on facebook . I hilarious to me . 
Is feeling mildly angry and hateful in the latter half of the day . 
Hope you all have a most excellent friday . 
at kohls today all the female manikins had hard nipples it was strange . But on the plus side it was new sock and underwear day for < PROPMALE > . 
Is spending the night with my hot girlfriend . Her name . . . . . . Sony Vaio . 
Wants to sleep but can't seem to shake this darn headache 
If I ever go and watch Twilight or New < PROPFEMALE > , that would probably be an appropriate time to go and purchase an apartment of the outside of Cheeseman Park and start wearing < PROPFEMALE > dukes . 
Culter and those Bears are just getting destroyed . I love it ! 
Few things are cooler than the volleyball scene of Top Gun . 
I thought I went to bed for the evening , but it turned out my body had other things in mind . So I guess I just woke up from a nap , and will be up for quite a while now . 
Today was just not a good day ! But tomorrow is a new day and a new opportunity to make it a good day . 
With what seems like everybody talking about freedoms today , I can't help thinking how precious they are . Considering my situation where through my actions , I have been deemed a violent person and therefore the state has placed sanctions upon my freedoms . < PROPFEMALE > yours , act responsibly , don't abuse them . And . . . . . . God Bless < PROPFEMALE > . 
Hope you all have a wonderful saturday ! 
This Philosophy research paper is just kickin ' my butt . 
Loves Snow ! 
How is somebody expected to be responsible and do his homework when there is a Looney Tunes Marathon on ? seriously . 
I think I am going to change the focus of my research paper , just so it is easier for me 
I saw a wedding party at Sweet Tomatoes today . That just seems a little wierd to me , that someone would choose to have that meal at that kind of restuarant , might as well have gone to Countrytown Buffet . 
Can't wait for Thursday !! Thursday means Maggianos !!! yeah ! I am so excited !!! 
I never thought these words would come out of my mouth in true sincerity . But it feels good to not get high anymore , and it feels even better not getting drunk . I am happy that chapter of my life is over . Now on to bigger and better things . 
No matter the amount of rest I just can't seem to feel rested . This is just unpleasant . 
I had 5 guys burgers and fries today . I found it to be pretty damn good . Who knew they put sssssoooooo many fries in you bag , that was crazy . 
Maggiano's , Maggiano's , tomorrow is Maggiano's! Yeah ! 
Maggianos was delicious . =) 
< PROPFIRST > Dawkins is such an exciting player to watch . 
Wow , I love the buffs . But for the last 3 years they have been just sorry to watch , and no exception today . 
I think < PROPMALE > is probably the best show on T.V. 
I am watching hoarders , and that is pretty gross and freaky . I want to go buy a book case and bottle of industrial bleach like right now ! 
The only thing I want all day is . . . . . . . . Chipolte ! I must get there . 
I bought a little 15 dollar desk at goodwill today . Fits just perfect matches a chair I have had for ever , hold my books . It is just perfect for what I need right now . I am so Happy with this little desk . :) 
I can't stand when my computer decides to get slow and bitchy with me . 
I have noticed that to other people the \freshman 15\ " can be a cold hearted and unforgiving B@ ! #$ . and in some case be the freshman 20 or 25 even . and in extreme cases turn into the senior 30 . " 
I was just sitting on the edge of my seat for so long it cut off the blood to my legs so when I went to stand up just fell right down . man I feel like a jackass . 
I want to go to the DAM tomorrow . 
is going to hobby lobby to get . . . . . . . . . . . . . well , a hobby I guess . 
It was a very simple , relaxing , and tasty birthday . I have a great family and friends , and I felt very loved . what a good day . 
Usually I loathe this time a year , but so many people I have ran into this season have been just delightful and has definately uplifted my spirit towards Christmas . 
Anyone have a good recipe for cooking lamb chops ? 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > my heart goes out to you , you're in my prayers love ya guys . 
Is ready to start a new decade , hopefully this one will be better . 
is watching Forgetting < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
Is reading Darkly Dreaming < PROPMALE > , listening to classic jazz , and about to go make some hashbrowns , Eggs , and Bacon . I suppose this is what Happiness is like . 
New headphones today , this is possibly the happiest my ears have ever been . amazing ! 
I am about to go take out the recycle and trash , let just hope I dont freeze to death . 
May have watched way too much Stand up comedy today , if possible . 
It would delight me if people learned how to drive in the snow , overly cautious isn't as dangerous as wreckless driving but they are very close in my opinion . 
You know it is going to be a good day , when you start it out with the musical stylings of Dirt McGirt and Methtical . 
Cinzetti's last night , Rib City tonight . What did I do , that was so right ? 
Just saw Sherlock Holmes . . . . . . . . . . . . . AMAZING ! Guy Ritchie is a master . 
Should probably get on buying my books already . 
In the same day I listened to a hardcore/screamo/punk song and saw Jersey Shore . And I actually felt myself getting dumber . 
It has to be a great day when you start it out with Aesop Rock , Brother < PROPFIRST > , Atmosphere , Living Legends , Murs , and Dialated Peoples . Tomorrow I am thinking , Jay-Z , Mos Def , Black < PROPFEMALE > , The Legendary Roots Crew . I suspect it will be a great day tomorrow too . :) Hope you all had a great day ! 
oh man today was way to overstimulating , had an appointment with my P.O. she is proud of me , then the Contemporary < PROPMALE > Museum , and then the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Museum . Amazing day ! 
Watched Training Day , American Gangsta and listened to alot of Notorious B.I.G. Dr. Dre , Snoop Dog , Tupac , and < PROPMALE > G . Needless to say I feel like an O.G. right now , then I looked in the mirror and realized that I am a pretty corny very white guy and was somewhat let down . 
Rush Limbaugh and < PROPFIRST > Robertson , are so ridiculous . How do they even get their own shows , they say some of the most ignorant things imaginable . 
I am really trying to pick my battles , sometimes it takes ssssoooo much will power not to say something to or about a person . But it often seems to be the best thing that I can do . 
I um . . . . . . might of rather kept < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , instead of < PROPMALE > McDaniels . I have a bad feeling about this off season for the Broncos . 
I need to write two small paragraphs and for some reason I am procrastinating , thinking about who is the better Writer/Director Guy Ritchie or < PROPMALE > Tarantino ? 
Damn , my last three books got here today . Not one of them cost over 60.00 and they are all in great shape . couldn't be happier considering they all cost 75.00 - 110.00 at school . 
is utterly disapointed with one of my teachers , not sure what to do , I just expect more out of a college professor . I don't give a $h ! t if she has a P.H.D. if you don't know the material don't teach the course . 
¡Qué onda ! 
Astronomy is amazing , though almost completely over my head . but amazing . Psychology right up my alley . 
I am very blessed . Feeling very optimistic lately , even though almost nothing is going my way . Life is just good . 
Qué día tan maravilloso ! 
hip hop alivia mi < PROPFEMALE > 
The first half of the Grammys were pretty raw . 
I don't think I can care about anything today , but I just don't think I can . Ready for tuesday . 
My Doppleganger . 
I think there should be one channel that only plays Seinfeld , 3rd Rock from the Sun , < PROPMALE > in the Middle , Family Guy , and Curb your enthusiasm . Maybe a couple more and that is it . 
Just got my Binoculars for astronomy class , they are F-ing huge . And so amazing ! 
I know that the Nuggets and Lakers were playing inside an arena , but I could swear it started to rain during the second half . 
Is it just me or does today seem like a perfect day to watch Batman Begins and then The Dark Knight . 
Lately I see the behavior of those around me in a way , anisotropic . 
Who knew that gaining so much weight could have consequences on my body . 
I LOVE SNOW !!! and I LOVE COLORADO !!!! I am so glad I wasn't born someplace else . 
I am 99% sure I will be getting my travel pass !!! This means < PROPMALE > can leave the state for his cousin's wedding and not be issued a felony in each state I enter . 
um . . . . . all I can say is that Sir < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was a brilliant man . 
It feels good to wake up in the morning and know my happiness isn't contigent on politics , sporting events , television shows , or what floozy may or may not have paid attention to me . Really who gives a shit . 
I hope everyone is having a wonderful day , while it is so beautiful outside . =) 
On KHOW.com, under Caplis and Silverman you can hear testimony from the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > trial ( Darrent < PROPMALE > ) . Look under podcast , pretty interesting to listen to with their analysis added to the testimony . 
One more class till spring break , a.k.a. paper writing/study rigorously break . 
Yesterday I was in a situation that required me to use a restroom in an unfamiliar place , inconcluding my business I had to use single ply toilet paper , I was shocked to find out this is still made , I found it to be borderline immoral and barbaric !!!!!!!!!! 
This is how I am feeling about the video game Grand Theft Auto San Andreas : \Just when I thought I was out ... they pull me back in . \"" 
My back hurts so bad ! I cannot stand even half way straight up . I am freezing and feel like I am getting a fever . I opened the front door on my toe maybe broke it , but definately cut it up and broke the nail . NOT a good spring break !!! 
' s back hurts so much . 
Its just one of those days , just gotta get out of the house . 
I hope we get a foot of snow !!! I love snow !!!!! 
This just occurred to me , I might watch too much Seinfeld . 
Gaetano's and Mama Sanninos high quality food has forever made the < PROPFEMALE > Garden taste like poo to me . 
' s is going to < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland today . =) 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland was a wonderful film . 
I think I might share a room with the fartiest dog in the world . 
Sometimes you just know , deep in your gut you know . But what you know , you desperately don't want it to be true . 
I wonder if there is such thing as too much Italian food . I am thinking there isn't . 
On a snowy day like today what could be better than Buffalo Chili , and watching a few of < PROPFIRST > CK's stand up . 
Is not having fun writing about children in prison . I can not spell today may not be good for this paper . 
Rush Limbaugh said if the healthcare < PROPMALE > passes he will leave the country . If that is the only benefit to this < PROPMALE > . . . . . . . . Well worth it ! in my opinion . 
Today just feels like a < PROPMALE > tha Funkee Homosapien sort of day . 
Tomorrow I have no morning class , then I pick up my clothes from the tailor . Sounds like the makings of a great day . 
I really really hope we get the two feet of snow that is forecasted , two snow days in one school year would be amazing ! I LOVE SNOW ! 
SNOW DAY !! 
Follow Giada De Laurentiis ' recipes and your hunger will always be satisfied ! 
What a wonderful day ! =) 
I just saw the Hubble Imax it was wonderful ! 
Way to go Carwin ! 
I am just not feeling good about school this week , this might not be pleasant . 
is thinkin ' it is time to dust off the bicycle and get it ready to ride . Perhaps even for tomorrow . 
I am sure there are few things in life more beautiful than a < PROPFEMALE > spring day in COLORADO ! 
There was a tragedy today ! I was bringing in groceries and the bag broke . I lost two cans of salsa one queso and one southwestern cilantro . The horror . 
Watching Sherlock Holmes , Guy Ritchie is an amazing director . 
I suppose I simply miss Her more somedays than on others . :\\ 
Happy Easter !! 
I think it is about time for a bicycle ride ! 
It is 2010 , we have been to our < PROPFEMALE > , landed on mars , and landed on one of saturns < PROPFEMALE > s . We have cellphones and laptops that are far more powerful than the computers we had in school when I was a kid . So why the hell are they still making SINGLE PLY toilet paper ! 
The Daily Show is pretty much amazing ! 
What to listen to on such a beautiful day ?. . . . . . . Oh wait Eyedea & Abilities , Felt , Grieves , < PROPMALE > One , Brother < PROPFIRST > . . . . . anything else ? 
Today I went to see How to Train your Dragon , pretty funny and good movie . 
Apparently my body doesn't move the same way it use to , when I weighed 40 less pounds . 
Hope everyone has a wonderful day ! 
So I went to Noodles and Company to get dinner tonight . I was shocked to see that < PROPFIRST > Lynch came in behind me with his family . 
The method in which sources are to be cited takes all the fun out of writing a paper in my opinion . 
I have to write a persuasive letter , can I get any suggestions for potential topics . 
Buen < PROPFEMALE > 
I want to see Despicable Me ! I got a few audio books today ! 
What a beautiful day this was . 
I just can't wait to take my astronomy exam . 
Am I the only person who couldn't care less about the avalanche ? 
Is there such thing as too much Eyedea and Abilities ? 
I think it is going to be a great day . 
I LOVE Colorado ! 
Just read Letter from Birmingham Jail , um . . . . . . . . MLK jr. was just a phenominal writer and person . Just amazing stuff . 
feelin ' like there just isn't enough time . 
The Broncos are an enigma to me . 
Wow , that is a lot of snow coming down outside ! 
-_- 
Looks like it is going to be a long long night ahead of me , writing about sexual motivation . 
I will now be bathing everyday , my attempts at water conservation have been thwarted by < PROPFEMALE > Mayer ! lol 
Broncos have over 20 rookies on their roster currently , that is quite alot . 
It is going to be a great day !! 
Just sprayed the weeds , now my hands smell so bad . 
Not sure why anyone would wear any other watch , except for a Nixon . seriously . 
Hopes everyone has a fun and safe saturday evening . 
Will be in the STL in about 3 days ! I wonder if I could buy crack , or witness to a robbery or homicide . j/k 
Car packed and ready . 
Sitting in a hotel room in Abilene . 
Driving through Kansas there was a 20 ft tall sign of Jesus , and it said He saves and fullfills , 500 ft behind it was a Porn shop . 
THE WEDDING IS TOMORROW !!!!! =) 
I am pretty sure that The City Museum is the most amazing place in the world ! I felt like a child and tried to act like a child , but 185 lbs isn't and ideal weight to be doing that sort of stuff . Such a blast though ! 
Happy Mother's Day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just want to feel well again . I would also like if I was able to breath out of my nose ! 
I can breathe out of my nose , and I finally don't feel like I was hit by a truck . 
Are you The Master of your Domain ? 
Wish I could remember what a good nights sleep was like , its been too long since I had anything that even resembled one . 
. . is tipping the scale at 195 lbs today and feelin ' like a gazelle ! 
\tickling each other like telletubies . \ " lol made my day " 
I watched Avatar last evening though it was a very good movie I think it was definately over hyped . 
I am very blessed to have such a great family . And such a large family too , I love them all very much and wouldn't trade any one of them . 
Went for a bike ride , now time to watch Se7en . 
I LOVE CHEESE CAKE !! 
i just went outside to look at the view of this storm over < PROPMALE > from the south , it is huge , nasty lookin ' , and beautiful all at once . pretty nasty storm for < PROPMALE > . 
Doesn't it seem like and unsually high number of rockstars have died over the past year ? 
Rhymesayers line up of artists is just ill . 
I don't think the dog is going to sleep tonight seeing that he had the second half of my frappacino while I left the room . 
all i can say is . . . . . . i have peach preserves its peanut butter jelly time !! 
i guess the only nice thing about living a couple blocks from greenwood village is . . . . . seeing all the ferraris , lotus ' , aston martins , maybachs , and bentleys . lol 
Congratulations to Arvada West Alumni < PROPFIRST > Halladay ! pitching a M****F*****G PERFECT GAME !!! 
I wish < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would redo episodes IV , V , < PROPFEMALE > . It is hard to get into the old ones after watching the new ones . c'mon < PROPFIRST > you kind of half ass'd this . 
I am very thankful for everyone in my life that has contributed to where I am today , Lord knows we don't get to where we are all by ourselves . I just appreciate what I have and what has been given to me . I am not entitled to anything or expect anything , just happy to be alive . 
What am I to do Seinfeld , < PROPFEMALE > Lately , and The Office are all on at the same time . This is a dhilema . 
Eh . . . . . I just wish you well ! =) 
\You got your hair permed 
I think MLB needs instant replay . 
Is eating Gaetano's tonight !! yeah !! 
sweaty and sore , I hate pulling weeds . 
????? 
suprisingly I am really really enjoying the movie Juno . 
I am not made for this hot weather , give me 25-60 degrees . That sounds just delightful . 
I am not sure I would want to live in a world where all ' men ' are created equal . Yes , I am saying not all men are created equal , and lets try to make this a nontheological debate . 
is wondering why Lady Gaga is like cat nip to gay guys . they just seem to be infatuated with her . 
what is with this weather today ! 
Sitting infront of my computer for hours looking for and applying for jobs can be very physically and emotionally draining . 
Well , today turned out to be a good day , got the much needed rain . I got a job interview , now to type up a resume . I also cleaned my new(used ) lawn mower , worked on it the second half of the day and got it running . . . . . . not just running but running WELL ! 
Is excited for the day when my allergies are gone ! 
Um . . . . . . . . Quilted Northern is delightfully soft . =) 
The World Cup !! The only tournement that rightfully declares a world champion !! Sorry mlb , nfl , nba , nhl no real world champions there . 
I saw the new Karate Kid . I thought it was a pretty good movie . Though it should of been called the Kung Fu Kid , it was still great entertainment and alot of fun . =) 
just saw the cutest little baby tonight I don't care what anyone else thinks she is infact the cutest and prettiest baby alive . its just a fact . 
I need to stop watching man v . food and diners , drive-ins , and dives . It gives me cravings that can only rival a pregnant woman's . 
Should be thinking about my interview that I have in like 3 hours , but instead I am sitting here thinking about how much I like Panda bears . 
Like a Boss ! 
is curious . . . . . . when has keepin ' it real gone wrong . . . . . . for you ? 
Canada v . < PROPFEMALE > \ 
Baguettes meet hockey sticks in a battle of places that feature cold temperatures , funny accents , and weird looking currency . Canada’s slight edge for its proximity to < PROPFEMALE > and for producing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is immediately nullified by the existence of French-Canadians . \ 
Which is the “better” country : ( A ) Canada or ( B ) < PROPFEMALE > ? \ 
-<PROPMALE>'s Blog 
is feeling inappropriate today . 
is experiencing aching deep in my left leg , and unusual head aches and tenderness in the front right side of my head . 
It is yard work kind of day . 
Seems like a good day to be reading Sherlock Holmes . So . . . . . I think I will . 
\Now there's a look in your eyes 
come on USA get you poop in a group !!!!!!! 
is feelin ' a bit out of sorts lately . -_- 
Am I just watching last comic standing to stare at < PROPFEMALE > Leggero ? I really don't know , but its seeming that way for sure . 
Is sitting here watching Pulp Fiction , nothing like a good ol ' fashion O.D. scene to make ' you ' feel fortunate that ' you ' don't do drugs anymore . 
is tired . 
I hope everyone has a fun and safe weekend . 
Lake Granby on the 4th of July = Heaven on Earth . 
Hope everybody is still alive and had fun on their holiday weekend . 
way to go rockies . 
it feels like there is going to be alot of water and cranberry juice in my future atleast till the burning stops . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > to fight < PROPFIRST > couture thats is crazy to me , gonna be interesting . 
is thinkin ' a pen pal could be fun . 
two twice baked potatoes with taco < PROPFEMALE > sauce : fire . who knew it would turn into the best meal ever made . 
ready for this day to be over . ugh . 
I enjoy medical shows of all kinds but I fear they may make me a bit paranoid . lol 
Seems like a great day for a bike ride . 
ratemyprofessor.com pretty entertaining , while reading some of the reviews couldn't help but think I may have known a few of the reviewers . lol 
what a great night . =) 
is getting sucked into Pawn Stars . 
is wishing he was more intelligent and less compasionate . 
I hope everyone is having a great evening ! =) 
strangly happy and irritated at the sametime . hmm . . . . even I am an enigma to myself . 
is watching Kalifornia , its been a while . 
If you enjoy people watching and a plethera of items that are nearly garbage . May I recomend to you a trip the flea market . 
funny how most of us live in this world , here . while some people live in their own strange made up world of make believe . -_- 
Listening to < PROPMALE > and Sinatra . good times ! 
hope you're having a good day . =) 
wow . . . . rib city always makes me so full ! mmmm mm good 
Me siento como < PROPFEMALE > bebé , pero < PROPFEMALE > de menos mi mamá hoy . 
Hope everyone has an amazing weekend ! 
Ya know I have a pretty big family . . . . . . I wouldn't trade anyone of them for the world , they're great . I love all of you . =) 
how can someone who loves food as much as i do forget to eat dinner ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > Colbert simply delight me . Just hilarious with borderline brilliance . lol 
The only thing I am looking forward to doing this entire year is . . . . going to see < PROPFIRST > CK on Nov . 14 at The Paramount ! that is it , all of 2010 I dont care , just nov . 14 ! A little over stated I know . 
i am thinking if i dont shave for a couple more weeks and get a little bit more sun i will look middle eastern . 
is anyone else a secret Redskins fan this season ? 
The girl with the dragon tattoo was pretty raw , but excellent !! 
Financial aid is a tedious B ! #$% . 
Might have insomnia . . . . . . just might . 
to bed at 4:30 and up at 7:30 its gonna be a good day . lol 
all I want in life is . . . . . mexican and breakfast food , and dark haired and dark eyed women . thats it . 
Hope everybody has a funtastic day !!!!! 
Just hoping everyone is having a fantastic day ! 
is finding it really takes alot of effort to remain optimistic . 
going to see The Other Guys , should be good . =) 
Rough day today . . . . tomorrow is gonna be better . I just know it ! 
I over heard a guy talking to a lady about how he's cut or ripped . . . thought bout it for a minute . . . if I was considered cut , my type of \cut\ " would be like what a kindergardener would do to construction paper with a pair of dull plastic scissors . " 
is choosing happiness today . =) 
The Other Guys has taught me one thing . . . . . . . . . . PIMPS DON'T CRY !! 
just isn't \that\ " guy . " 
it is going to be a great weekend !!!! 
I must live with the fartiest dog alive . . . . . . . . he woke me out of a sound sleep last night . 
Hope everybody gas a great weekend , Lake Granby here I come ! =) 
Hope everyone has had a most excellent day !!!! =) 
I have nectarines , plums , mango juice , carbonated orange juice , and it is palisades peach season . My taste buds are in for quite a treat !! Pretty excited . 
might be experiencing a 1/4 life crisis , if possible . 
I never underestimate the power of a good dirty joke , they almost always brighten up my day . 
Its going to be a great day isn't it . . . . . . yes I think so . 
is really into this show chasing mummies , dr. zahi hawass is pretty amazing to me . 
am I the only one really looking forward to fall . done with the heat . 
I really think Wash park should have signs posted all around the perimeter saying : Warning ! beautiful women exercising in tight clothes ! keep your eyes on the road ! 
ready for this day to be over already . 
what a beautiful day ! =) 
losing your socks to your brother through the laundry , is one of life's true injustices . j/k 
hopes you have a fantastic sunday !!! 
It is going to be a good week ! =) 
um ya . . . . . . . its exactly what it looks like . 
ready for a change of somekind . -_- thats really all i know . 
gonna be a good day 
not sure where this is going . . . . . 
is thinkin ' bout riding the ralston creek trail tomorrow . . . . should be fun . 
Not sure it gets any better than Colorado in the summer time . 
feeling less than positive today . =/ 
When I was a little boy my mom told me I could be anything I want to when I grow up . . . . . so at the time I told her I wanted to be a Ninja Turtle . . . . . . . . . I wish I still had that imagination and ability to dream . 
had a random encounter with a stranger today , I assume she spoke english , she was from the south , but I desperately needed some kind of subtitle or interpreter to determine what was said . i nodded and said yes politely , still unsure what I agreed to . . . . just strange . 
sunday should be a great day . . . . . . . . . headed up to Lake Granby . 
just a beautiful day today !! colorado is magnificent . 
Tried really really hard to give a shit today , but um . . . . . . . it just didn't work out , sorry . 
Trying to be positive today ! trying . 
I am ready for something new . 
First time in about a month that I actually got a good nights sleep . That was amazing ! 
looking forward with anticipation for great things to come my way . =) 
I think that < PROPFIRST > CK and Zach Galifianakis may have ( through the power of stand up comedy ) changed how I see the world and the freak show of people in it . 
Texts from last night , have an uncanny ability to cheer me up and put a smile on my face . 
what does it profit you , if you gain the world and lose you soul . 
Some how I got a black rabbit in my yard with no way to explain how he got in there . wierd I thought I was hallucinating for a minute . 
a unicorn isn't a unicorn , it is a donkey with a plunger on its head . 
was awoken by a spider crawling up my arm . . . . . creeped me out . 
what is your favorite word ? 
its a good day , I ate breakfast food saw a beautiful woman with dark hair and dark eyes and I laughed my ass off . What more could I ask for . lol 
Do you know < PROPFIRST > Dirden ? 
wishin ' I could experience something that resembled a good nights sleep . 
Do you remember when you found out there is no such thing as < PROPFEMALE > Claus ? 
If you need to talk I am here to listen . . . . . I can pretend to care . 
60% of the time , it works everytime . 
\I never wore the fashions of the know what I'm doin'\ "" 
Do you think < PROPFIRST > Orton is Overrated or Underrated ? 
is joyful and content . =) 
Have a nice day !! =) 
Wow . . . . . . Ralston Valley sure has changed over the years ! Can I get a witness . 
ready for this horribly unpleasant day to be over with already . 
much better evening than day thank goodness ? 
is it just me that thinks Tulo desperately need a hair cut ? 
just watched an infomercial that featured a device made to shave women's facial hair . . . . ugh . . . . . . I'm mildly disturbed after watching them shave and describe the hair on their face . 
3 hours of sleep . 4 hours in a car . 12 hour at lake granby . the makings of a good day . 
The Gags is stealing the show/awards . 
its going to be a good week ! 
If I don't shave soon I think I might be put TSA's no fly list . 
We are really spoiled in colorado with all of this gorgeous landscape and 300 days of sunshine . 
what is it about a latin accent sometimes that can be so darn sexy ? 
HEY !!!! you have a nice day . 
So far it has been a great day ! nevermind that I thought it was wednesday and a different time of the day . But still a great day none the less . =) hope you have a great day too . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . and life goes on . 
I kinda want to be like < PROPFIRST > Bond when I grow up . 
Is very happy about the interview tomorrow , just sad this means now I have to shave . 
What movie does < PROPMALE > watch to get psyched for an interview . . . . . . . . RocknRolla . 
apparently it was ' gorgeous mom day ' today at < PROPMALE > Soopers . amazing ! sign . 
if the NFL locks out next year I think there should be replacements . . . . . . . . . . . I'm ready coach put me in !! Who's with me !?! 
So . . . . . . I am wearing the most comfortable pants I have ever worn , its truely a delightful experience . 
had dreams of heffalumps and woozles , after I had rumbly in my tummy . hum dum de dum . . . . hum dum de dum . =) 
Feels sort of good to be a functioning member of society again . =) 
RIP < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
fell asleep for a moment , and woke up in a slight panic unaware how long i was out . lol 
I wonder if there are still people out there that read their spam mail and still fall for the scams . . . . . . . . 
I hope you have a wonderful day ! =) 
\Sticking feathers up your but does not make you a chicken . \"" 
would like to meet an authetic person/people , who are interested in something more than partying or getting drunk . =/ 
isn't funny how you can know someone so well and be so close , but after a period of time they have become a stranger , and what was once familiar has now become unrecognizable . 
< PROPFIRST > Pujols isn't such an inspirational person for me because he's a baseball phenom . . . . . . . . . . it is because he is also follicly challenged . 
well , see ya melo , it was fun to feel like < PROPMALE > had a contending basketball team for a while . now to drift quietly back into mediocrity , at best . lol 
I have to go see SNL live one time before this show called life is over . =) 
HEY !!! Hope you have a nice F@#$in ' day !!! 
My Bicycle was reduced from 18 gears down to 6 , on its own . And I added 8 news friends this month but it only said I added like 3 and somehow I have lost 3 . < PROPFIRST > just aren't on my side today apparently ! lol Hope YOU have had a great day !! =) 
Pass that Chronic . . . . . . what ! cles of Narnia ! We love that Chronic . . . . what ! cles of Narnia ! 
I have Mariachi songs stuck in my head , and my dream featured people speaking spanish . . . . . . . . . . probably going to make for an interesting day . 
\She's like a beautiful godzilla\ " -Jerry\ 
Is trying to watch < PROPMALE > if only Megavideo would stop being such a ______ !!!! <---- (Insert dirty word here ) 
Long day . . . . . and I smell like a coffee bean . And not fresh roasted either . 
is wondering when therapy for internet addiction is going to be invented if it hasn't already . . . . . . . . . . I might have a problem . lol 
HEY !!!! I hope you are having a great evening !! =) 
Is thinking it is < PROPMALE > o'Clock . Its gonna be good . 
yada yada yada . 
is pretty much over having flat feet . 
I might still like Chappelle's show a little too much . 
well . . . . . . not entirely sure men have enough blood in their bodies to think clearly all the time . . . . . . ya . 
man vs . food soothes my soul . 
You have a great day !!! 
is needing some of that southernplayalisticfunkycadillacmusik to get my day started . . . 
is about to play San < PROPMALE > . . . . I am gonna < PROPMALE > some people . . . . well virtual people . 
is feeling like a misogynist/misandrist . . . . . . just for the day . 
is choosing to be happy and see the positives in my life . 
Looking to change your television provider can be mind numbing . . . . they are some tricky bastards . 
Its going to be a great day !!!. . . . . . . . . . . . WHY ???. . . . . . Um . . . . Because I F@#$ing said so thats why ! 
Sometimes I wish I could well unlearn somethings . lol 
I realize this may sound really dumb , but I would like to make a vintage trials bike street legal . . . . ya . 
Super busy at work . . . . . and I still suck at it . . . . . but the new < PROPFIRST > Plant is pretty good . Just tired . 
\ . . . . you can call us < PROPMALE > Burr . From the way we're droppin ' Hamiltons . . . . \"" 
\Is this the 5:00 free crack give away ? \"" 
Hope you had a great day !!! 
Needs to stop watching Man vs . Food and Diners Drive-ins and Dives . . . . . . . . they make me sssoooo HUNGRY !!!! I got it bad for food right now . 
Iam thinkin ' two foot long meatball subs sounds delicious for dinner . . . . . or maybe two chipotle burritos . 
HEY !!! you have a great f ! @$ing day !! =) 
Thinkin ' it is time for some taco < PROPFEMALE > . . . . . . it is never too late for taco < PROPFEMALE > . =) 
I hope you have a really great day !!! After all its FRIDAY !!!!! 
Why isn't the SNOW here yet !!!! C'MON! 
Is feeling suprisingly pessimistic lately , but strangely I'm not sad at all . lol 
Its the begining of the week . . . . So lets have a great week eh ! 
Hope YOU had a great Monday !!!!!! 
Going to the animal er isn't exactly how I wanted to spend a good part of my evening . but it could of gone alot worse . 
got called into work early today . . . . . it may sounds bad , but more hours = more money , who can complain about that . get well soon < PROPMALE > . =) 
super tired , hope the next three hours go by very quickly !! 
I think its about time to be watching . . . . . . . . < PROPMALE > !!! What else is there ? 
ya know what I'm going to have a great F ! @ #ING !! day !! Because I want to darn it , YOU better have one too !! 
Dark Knight Rises . . . . . . . . can't wait , better be good ! 
I think it is time to re-read \I am America(and so can you ! )\ " I need to laugh again . " 
going to look at Brighton for my G-ma's birthday . 
Top Gear might be the best television show . . . . . . . . ever . 
No partying or costumes this year for halloween just work , dinner , handing out < PROPFEMALE > , and a good book . Sounds good to me . 
Shakespeare rocks my world . . . . love his work . 
all of these political commercials and automated telephone calls are bound to drive me mad !!!! 
. . . . . . . is it too late in life to want to be The Stig when I grow up ? 
I think I may be getting sick . 
YEAH !!! For Hickenlooper !! 
I'm going to end my day listening to gershwin . . . . . . . just love gershwin !! 
\That dude steps over the line . . . . . . . Habitually . He's a habitual line stepper . \"" 
what a peculiar fall . . . . . . . or rather so called fall . =( 
Hope ' you ' had a great weekend damn it !! =) 
In a strange way < PROPMALE > soothes me , whether it be in television or book form its definately a comfort . 
As much as I believe fame and fortune are arbitrary , there is something deep inside me that desperately desires to be famous !!! Only for the reason that I want to be a guest on Top Gear and drive a reasonably priced car around their track ! 
I need to get my stomach in shape for Thanksgiving ... I got very full tonight off a not very much food . I need to be able to eat like a small horse , if I plan to do some damage at Maggiano's this year ! C'mon Henderson . 
wow < PROPFIRST > Hawkins is fired , maybe CU will have a football team again sometime soon . GO BUFFS !!!! 
ITS SNOWING !!!!! YA ! 
Purchased a new bicycle today pretty excited about it . . . . its nothing special but it is mine . =) 
Feeling less than positive today . 
May not be very talented , but nothing feels quite like home as does two wheels moving quickly beneath me . 
Hope \YOU\ " have a great day !!!! " 
Got a new saddle and gloves I guess it is time for a bike ride . =) 
The Hurt Locker is much better than Avatar in my opinion . 
How bout < PROPMALE > huh ? 
I need a new front door ! 
Today is a great , book , soup , and sweater sort of day !! 
Grieves is so ill . 
Top Gear . . . . . . . . . . . you complete me . 
Hope you have a great day ! =) 
The remote Direct tv gave me isn't really working and it is really starting to piss me off . 
gonna watch jeramiah < PROPMALE > for the first time in 18 years or so . 
goin to get a new t.v. yeah 
Been in a bit of a meloncholy mood lately . 
Yada Yada Yada 
Rufio ! Rufio ! RU-FI-O !!!!!! 
YEAH ! RAPIDS ! 
is attempting to care today . . . . . but I've fallen short . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ! 
Just got back from Maggiano's and it was a symphony of flavor , just amazing ! 
Yeah , off to work . =) 
way to do work Melo !! 
Hope everyone has had a most excellent Saturday !! 
< PROPMALE > !! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Nielson . 
is deliberating the age old question Qdoba or Chipotle ? This is a dilemma ! 
Quite frankly I am appalled . . . . I have cleaned many bathrooms over the years at many jobs and it never ceases to suprise me that the women wreck their bathrooms far worse then the men ever do . I have seen things , things you can't unsee or unlearn . I am scarred . lol 
its just kind of a rough day . =/ 
Saw < PROPFIRST > Andersen at a Starbucks after work today . kinda neat . 
Seinfeld what would I ever do with out you ! 
I keep telling myself that the expressions on their faces will be worth spending so much money on christmas . lol 
I may have accidentally ended up with 4 yoshi blade ceramic knives . not entirely sure what to do with so many knives , or why I have them but I do . lol 
Holy Cow McDaniels is done ! didn't think that would happen so soon . 
Sometimes I forget how much I love basketball . 
I have learned two things this week . . . I saw a few toddlers throw temper tantrums and not get their way , then I saw grown adults throw temper tantrums in the same fashion and they got their way . I learned I should throw temper tantrums . Oh and the other thing I learned is you're pretty much a douche if you use a $100.00 < PROPMALE > to purchase an item that is less than $3.00 . Hope you have a great day ! 
HEY ! Hope you have a great day !! =) 
Already in December and no < PROPMALE > or minor snow storms , can't help but wonder what the implications of this will be . Scary . 
I'm gonna buy a Motha F-ing book today ! what of it ! 
\Er'body look at you strange 
Brooklyn's Finest was pretty raw . 
It was a fun Christmas party , as it turn I work with some pretty cool people . =) 
The Who or Led Zeppelin ? 
Thank you SSSOOOOO !!!! much to all of you who wished me a Happy Birthday , seeing all of these really made my day so much more special . Thank you . =) 
I have no energy , my body aches , my head is pounding , and i feel like iam going to get sick any moment . 
spent the entire night trying to not get sick , and stayed curled trying to stay warm , and also break a fever . i feel like a train wreck . =( 
Hey ! you have a great weekend ! 
needs to think about getting back in shape , be healthier , just over all take better care of myself . 
sometimes you hear something or learn something , and there isn't a way to prepare for it . 
Attempting to give a S# ! * today , but just coming up short . Can't do it . lol 
Yogi Bear was really funny , I thought . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS 
Pandora is pretty ill , it some how just knows what I want to hear . 
When you are listening to an ill Rhymesayers line up on pandora featuring Brother < PROPFIRST > , FELT 2 , and FELT 3 you just know its the makings of a good night ! Right ? 
Don't be negative , or live life unhappily , because life is short and you don't make it out alive anyway ! Have a good day ! =) 
I just determined that the internet is one of the largest contributors to my degeneration . lol 
Important day today . its gonna be good . 
Hey . . . . . How you doin' ? 
\I can't teach much when it comes to women\ 
Yeah going to the animal E.R. with a dog that has a stomach full of chocolate . damn it . 
just found out about illegal < PROPMALE>'s is was fantastic . 
watching Top Gear not sure I'll be able to stay awake through the entire episode . Hope you had a wonderful day !! 
is feeling excessively tired today . Hope you had a wonderful day ! 
Pretty excited going to The Buckhorn Exchange saturday . 
aw man , < PROPMALE > Ferguson is hilarious . 
Tired and sore . Just not feeling quite 100% 
today will be a great day !!! 
The Buckhorn exchange was kind of amazing . A small fortune but amazing . 
I have just been self diagnosed with Delirium onset by psychosocial stress and sleep depriviation . ha ha . lol just kidding I'm merely exhausted . 
I think I just threw up a little in my mouth ! 
HEY !! Hope you have a very nice day !!! 
I really think they need to replace the lady on the Vitamin Cottage commercials , she needs to go . I feel very passionate about this , I won't shop there till she's gone . lol 
C'mon people this astrology thing is completely irrelevant , you are the same person you are today as you were yesterday . Besides Horoscopes are hokum , and I expected more from you people . lol 
So I was at work just doing my thing , and you will never guess who came in today . . . . The Vitamin Cottage Woman !!!! I was shocked . 
HEY ! I hope you've had a great weekend ! =) 
um . . . . . . . it seems I am just trying to find myself and my place in this world . =) 
Honestly , the last thing I want to think about is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > using extenze . C'mon . 
Watching Revolver ( guy ritchie ) such an interesting and good movie . Can I get a witness ? 
Have a nice Friday !!! 
This week I have kept in mind there are words that are just best left unsaid , and that some information is best used when left alone . 
quote of the day : \ . . . . . We're women we have double standards to live up to . \"" 
I was pressured by my sister in to trying to watch an episode of Jersey Shore and/or The Real Housewives of where ever ( I couldnt finish either ) . I felt dirty and now want to take a shower . Not entirely sure how people watch that stuff . No judgement . Can someone explain to me why they are good shows ? 
You have a great day people of facebook . 
Is super excited !!! 
AAAHH so excited !! 
what can I say lifes great . 
Bought and am about to watch the < PROPMALE > Chapelle episode of Inside the Actors Studio , it is going to be good . 
So , I'm just curious . . . . . . . what is your pet peeve/s ? 
I am so thankful for having a drama free life ( right now ) , a clear conscience , having emotional clearity , and a job . I may not have all that I want but I have all that I need . I have a good life . Feels good to be able to say and recognize this . 
its my day off and I woke up every hour on the hour in fear of being late for work . what the hell . 
Is feeling especially stupid today . Makes me wonder how stupid I really am if I can recognize the difference . eh , I already got distracted and lost interest . lol 
Just tired , cold , and overall just feeling ill . 
um . . . . . just pondering the implications . 
Today is one of those days that I realize sometimes there is just some information I don't want to or need to know . And am better off not knowing . 
isn't it funny how after experiencing these crazy low temps . that 30 degrees feels warm ! 
seems like a great day for Chili with buffalo meat . Its going to be delicous ! 
Has just been listening to Dr. Cornel West speak and he kind of rocked my world . wow . 
Go Team ! yeah ! 
Just curious but what do you drink when you go to Starbucks ? 
\What'chu talkin ' ' bout Willis ? \"" 
Its a < PROPFEMALE > Ford sort of day . 
Rough day . But still not going to let it bring me down . 
HEY ! you have a great night !! 
Just a rough day . 
I just want to shake off this negitivity , and find happiness for the rest of my extended weekend . 
Really trying to be positive . 
Sort of thinking today maybe the greatest day of the year . . . . . . . because it is the farthest day away from Valentines day . lol 
Ptolemy theorized that our solar system is geocentric ( earth centered ) this was the standard for over 1500 years , in the 16th century Copernicus refuted geocentricism and the new standard became Heliocentric ( sun centered ) that is until today ! It was proven by a panel of astronomers that our Solar system is infact Landocentric thats right folks the entire solar system revolves all around me Lando ! 
with so much free time I may have developed a video game addiction . lol 
Well um . . . . . . time to pick my self up from my boot straps now onto the next chapter of my life . 
My Strange Addiction is some wild stuff . 
We sure do live in a state that doesn't make it easy to stay a fan of the home teams . 
had one of those sort of dreams when you just dread waking up . . . . . . . that pleasant . lol 
Not entirely sure I can even pretend to care today . 
Hey ! you have a nice day ! life is short and we don't make it out alive . 
\Just when I thought I was out . . . they pull me back in . \ " ( video games ) " 
I feel like I am finally back to homeostasis , good feeling . 
Going to Cinzetti's YEAH !!! 
I am 25 years old and I still have a < PROPFEMALE > to build a tree house . I'm a strange guy . 
What to watch Sherlock Holmes , Snatch , or Rock n Rolla ? 
I love whole milk and I don't care who knows !!!!! 
After dedicating most of my day to cleaning all I have to say is . . . . . . F@#$ dust ! 
Are automobiles < PROPMALE > ? why or why not . 
So I have been thinking about how political views are like butt holes , we all have em and its best that we just keep em to ourselves . . . . . also more often then not they're full of . . . . . . . well nevermind . 
It is entirely possible that I watch far too much Top Gear . . . . . as if it were a bad thing . HA ! 
Vundabar !! ( he exclaimed with great relish . ) 
needs to find something worth his time . . . . . . 
Words are just so powerful . 
How you doin' ? 
\Yeah ! Totally ! Totes < PROPFEMALE > Gotes . \"" 
\You shut your mouth when you're talking to me !! \"" 
I have watched sooo many movies and interviews the last few days to replace my lack of sleep , it is incredible what a waste I have been . If only I could get paid for it . lol 
Needs new pictures , now if only I can figure out the where abouts of that damn charger . 
Just sitting at my computer and wondering why my Mr. Potato head looks so familiar . . . . It looks like Amare Stoudemire , man can be play ball but still . 
yadda , yadda , yadda . 
I enjoy hearing opinions of Facebook by people who have never used it before , but only have preconscieved notions from their exposure to it by the news , newspapers , or in a classroom . 
I forgot how fun boxing is to watch . 
\You're my boy Blue !! \"" 
Cooking always reminds me how much I need to work on my timing in so many aspects of my life . 
\Now thats how you get pink eye . \"" 
I just love Colorado . 
I think Jaden Smith looks just like < PROPMALE > from The Boondocks . 
The t.v. show Bait Car is pretty funny , stupid people . lol 
Had to go the mall today while waiting I ended up watching all sorts of teenagers , it was so much fun and entertaining . They were so funny and almost cute with their awkwardness , flamboyance , and insecurity . People watching , good stuff . lol 
Dead Man on Campus . . . . . . . . . classic . 
I have just been watching BBC World News , I must say in contrast to Fox News or MSNBC I didn't feel like they were molesting me with their political agendas . How refreshing . 
Searching for that new opportunity . come on now . 
One of those nights in which nothing went the way it was suppose to at all . wild when that happens . 
The dog is getting his hair cut and washed today . I am kind of sad , now I go back to being the smelliest in the house now . 
I watch way too much of The First 48 . 
Lately I have been feeling extremely let down by certain infrastructures of today's societies mainly weapons and technology . I want to know when I will get my F-ing Light Sabre ! 
is trying to think of something intelligent to say , coming up with nothing . too bad . 
green chili soothes my soul . hmm 
\I am what I am . \ " - Popeye the Sailorman " 
well . . . . . I guess 3 1/2 hours of sleep it is then , now onto 4 hours of driving today . 
I am feeling very conflicted . On one hand I couldn't be happier to see all the happy couples on here . And on the other hand I'm tired of seeing all the happy commited , engaged , and married couples it makes me sick inside . lol 
\I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself . A small bird will drop frozen dead from a bough without ever having felt sorry for itself . \ " - DH < PROPFIRST > " 
classic cartoons are the best !! I'm loving watching looney tunes right now . 
its amazing to me how social conventions change and have changed , especially with the advancement of information and technology . 
slipped on carpet fell with most my weight behind my forearm slamming in to the corner of the walls . damn it hurts . 
Is it wierd that I get super excited to have pizza pockets and chef boyardee ? 
Has been given Peace , His Peace . 
Are you an anti-Dentite ? 
\Sit back and bask in the turbulance of my magnificence . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Clarkson " 
I'm melting ! 
Gotta love it when you can open all the windows , leave the doors open , and relax while watching some baseball . 
HEY !!! You have a great day !! 
It feels like a movie and soup sort of day doesn't it . 
Just can't get enough of the Colbert Report . 
Nurse < PROPFIRST > is suprisingly funny . 
I am thinking it is time to have my facebook language on Pirate for a day or so . 
Pizza roles + Whole milk = spectacular midnight snack ! 
Enjoying DVR saved episodes of The Big Bang theory instead of actually getting much needed sleep . 
I realize these first few games aren't really a great base to assess the rockies but so far they are looking to be a pretty darn solid team . 
Having a great evening with my brother , who suprisingly came over today for a couple days . 
I kind of want some five finger toe shoes to see what they're all about . 
I love that I have a plethora of movies . It really makes insomia more tolerable . 
Is craving empenadas , green chili , and milk . What ever I do I am going to make that happen . My fantasies have turned from girls to food . 
Man how about that Rockies bullpen . 
Randomly bought a new book and its kind of amazing . love when that happens !!! 
Today feels like just one big chore . But when you turn on some great music it really isn't bad at all . 
Has too much time , with too little to do . nope didn't mix those up . 
I want a Baja Blast damn it ! and I shall have it ! 
I maybe mildly humorous , corny , random , a < PROPMALE > , or whatever . But I don't care I make myself laugh and have fun . I love me . 
Get out your brooms rockies are about to sweep . 
Making some Spaghetti sauce from scratch today . Frick you tell some people you can cook and then they want you to do it . lol I always think my food is mediocre at best but I get told its pretty good . so lets hope for the best ya know . Hope you're all having a most excellent friday . 
Come on Rockies lets get our poop in a group here . 
I forgot how funny Coming to < PROPFEMALE > is ! I ate Ramen Noodles while watching it . For just a split second it almost felt as if my mom was still alive . Its crazy how strong an association can be . 
I love the feel I get when I have book that is like a mind grenade . It just blew my mind . 
Finally looking good agains these giants ! 
3:00 am its time for Spaghetti O's with meatballs and Whole milk . Watch I'll live to 110 years old with that diet ; if my clumbsiness or shit talking don't kill me first . 
I was just told that deviled eggs will be made for tomorrow . I thought that seemed odd to make that evil food on the day of Christ's resurrection . lol 
Happy Easter . . . . . . . you heathens . lol 
wish it wasn't so cold . 
Hope you had a funtastic day !!!!!! 
Its spring so . . . . if I learned anything from < PROPFEMALE > people are getting twitterpated . 
At the end of the day regardless of my short comings or whatever people think of me , atleast I can make myself laugh . I love me . 
A real nice day would be great . I don't mind overcast but the pressure changes are hurting all my old injuries . Hope you have a great day . 
Last year I rode my bike 60-100 < PROPMALE > a week . This year not even 40 all together , I miss riding my bicycle . 
I think people that design viruses for computers should be marinated in beef broth then have their hands restrained and locked in a room with two wolverines that are high on angel dust . same goes for rapists and child molesters . 
HEY !! You have a great day ! 
That was just beautiful . 
Have a great weekend ya filthy animals . 
long day , tired , and glad to be home . 
My little brother has just shown me his first underarm hair . lmao . it is just cute to me . 
anyone interested in buying a French Bayonet made in 1872 . made for the Franco Prussian war . 
is enjoying reading these political OPINIONS on here . Its fun seeing how so many people think they are some kind of expert on the situation . I feel honored to know so many wonderful and powerful politcal analysts . Have a nice day . 
I am watching How the States Got Their Shape on The History channel . It is amazing . There is alot of history you don't hear about very often . For example Colorado was almost a state named < PROPMALE > . 
I wish I could train the dog to leave the room when he has to fart . Its bad and spreads rapidly . I'm 180 and they aren't this bad so I am assuming the smaller the being the worse they are . Better think twice about anorexia ladies . 
Hope you all are having a great day ! 
I think I am a new fan of It's Always < PROPFEMALE > . 
enjoying the generic magic that are 80's movies . just magnificent . 
