sweet i get to go skiing today :D 

Boredom sucks 
Hard mode is hard . Some hard modes are harder than others . Then there's Algalon the Raid Destroyer . He feeds off of your tears . 
hooray for dying harddrives 
Sing us a song your the piano man .... sing us a song tonight ! 
thinks the weekend needs to come faster 
round 1 ............. FIGHT ! 
FLAWLESS VICTORY ! 
round 2 ........ FIGHT ! 
I just won 4 tickets to baby wants < PROPFEMALE > at the apollo next friday !!!! 
beware of vandercookies ! they are taking over the hub 
i have found a game that slowly rips out your soul as you play it ..... 
Reality sucks 
people need to learn to speak english clearly for gods sake . 
yay a presenter that speaks real english 
up is down ? 
why is the sky on fire ? 
< PROPMALE > is losing the poke war 
omgimonfire 
whats the point of friends if they still treat you like crap 
Why cant anything ever seem to go right with me ... Oh well the world keeps on turning . Hope I didn't make mistakes tonight but I did what I had too :( Life sucks 
Attention : < PROPFIRST > Is Not indestructable I can get hurt . It sucks 
IS VERY ANGRY !!!!! IT EATS PEOPLE THAT TRY TO USE IT AND THEN SPITS THEM BACK OUT AS MISSPELLED WORDS LIKE CRIITICAL AND INGENUIITY . OVER TIME THIS PROCESS BECOMES EXTRAORDINARILY ANNOYING AND DEBILITATING TO THOSE WHO HAVE NOT BEEN CONSUMED BY THE ALLEGED EMAIL MONSTER . 
GET DOWN ON ZE GROUND ! 
is very tired after playin DDR for 45 minutes . I can't play rock band for a few weeks so might as well play DDR again 
< PROPMALE > has lost the poke war ! 
why do i bother anymore , seriously 
I got a 53% on my Material Science Exam but got a B in the class ... Divine Intervention anyone ??? 
I will not give in to you sickness . BEGONE . 
Who's up for a new years < PROPFEMALE > party at my house again :D 
Impossibilities Abound ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , please keep all your limbs attached ! 
why 2 disc sets on blu-ray ? 
duldrums mate , has the whole crew on edge . 
what is this with the perpetual state of cleaning 
attention : My cat is Drugged on cat nip .... That is all . 
Went from 3 working ps3 controllers to 1 working ps3 controller . Yay .... 
is back at IIT and the weather hasn't much changed from florida lol 
is really bored 
NO MORE WATCHING FRINGE WHILE I\M EATING " 
i dont think im ever going to do a 12-3am shift and then a 6-8am shift in the same day again 
feels lonely again .. :( 
last episode of dollhouse ... SO SAD 
i have determined through the idle ponderings of a tired and exhausted mind that the use of blue lights in a dark room makes you fall asleep faster and sleep well 
Fly with me forever high And with these wings We'll set the world on fire 
The story always goes , when the anger withinBuilds up for too long ... Takes us over ... And we all are forced to obey , hey ... 
As you can see , when you look at me , I'm pieces of what I used to be . It's easier when you don't see me standing on my own two feet . I'm taller when I sit here still , you ask are all my dreams fulfilled . They made me a heart of steel , the kind them bullets cannot see , yeah ... 
Apparently in my family when it rains it doesn't pour , it hurricanes ... 
Epic Lab report Half done 
Lost interest in reality again 
is really really bored 
hooray for having to be sleep deprived for an EEG so im on my second day with almost now sleep ..... this sucks 
Avantasia ... may be my new favorite band 
how would the world change if we defined the alphabet as the opposite to how it is now 
thinks this may be my roughest semester yet 
Be careful of what you wish forWishes might come aliveThe twines are pulling me every day and night ... The show , the glitter and all the fameI'd give away for a lifeSome things can end with a word , they sayThis only ends with a sharp knife . Knife ! 
If we are all puppets , who is the puppet master ? 
Use your mind ! You will leave the flesh dimensions behind . Sanity can be the toll -leading to the core of your soul . 
When is reality better then a dream ? 
Feels the dice spinning in his head 
now i know why the dice were spinning 
my playstation is i was unable to get avater 
yay facebook ! 
has found the facebook deadzone to be between 6am and 8am , this is when all new postings cease for a time . 
Round 1 ..... FIGHT 
Round 2 ........ FIGHT ! 
Schools out for summer ! 
At this time reality starts to blur and nothing seems real 
Is confused and bewildered at going to sleep when the sun is out 
gurgle 
is lost 
3 creepy times that I alwayssee when I look at clocks 12:34 3:33 11:11 why is it whenever I look at clocks it's one of these times 
Yay new clothes ! 
And I'm off to pittsburgh 
Almost to pittsburgh ! 
Car broke with 28 < PROPMALE > to go 
and im all moved in . hooray ! 
very intense first day 
Almost finished setting up my first project at work :D 
hehe good lasagna .... only took 2 hours to cook 
Mmmmm yummmy left over lasagna 
Is learning about injection molding :D 
sketti ftw 
inglorious basterds is funny 
leave my brain alone ! 
the headache has relinquished its hold on my brain 
is kinda lonely 
Tummy says hungry 
Poll : should I get a haircut ? 
The Wheel of Time turns and Ages come and go , leaving memories that become legend . Legend fades to myth , and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth returns again . In the Third Age , an Age of Prophecy , the World and Time themselves < PROPFEMALE > in the balance . What was , what will be , and what is , may yet fall under the Shadow . 
Can't wait for salsa dancing tonight 
Salsa dancing was so much fun !!!! 
Omgwtf reallystrongmagnets 
just got a sick new laptop as a bday present from his parents :D :D :D :D :D 
PANTS ! 
My email account got hacked I apologize to anyone who gets spam 
On a brighter note , my Bluetooth headphones are awesome 
How many of us REALLY know everyone on our FB friends list ? Here's a task for you ... I want ALL my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses . This will be fun 
Green day rock band yea or nay 
Is very lonely again :( 
Begone ! Evil cardboard dust ! 
My alarm clock has literally disappeared 
So after tearing apart me room trying to find my alarm clock , literally throwing things around my room , I lie down to go to sleep and feel something in my blanket . Realizing it is to big to be my iPod , I pull out my alarm clock from the mass my blankets had become following me tearing apart my room . Curse you gremlins for placing my clock where I would never find it ! 
Sawdust is itchy 
Work building just shook from an earthquake in Quebec . For once I can really blame Canada 
Full beard no beard or goatee ? go ! 
My uncle(and boss ) just rode into work on an offroad Segway 
Depression isn't fun 
2.5 hours of soccer as goalie is rough on the body 
Sleepless nights and shattered dreams 
And the world trembled in fear as < PROPFIRST > became 21 years old ! 
Thank you everyone for your birthday wishes . So today I woke up late for work but there in record time , I was given a bday party at work and then taken to the restaurant the claddagh for dinner followed by going salsa dancing where I danced with a random girl named < PROPFEMALE > . 
Why is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
Recommends despicable me to anyone not made of stone 
Just figured out he has 20000$ in scholarship money this year instead of 15000$ 
Are you a period , question < PROPFIRST > , on exclamation point ? 
Really starting to hate living in pittsburgh 
Trying to learn piano via YouTube tutorials while mindlessly drilling away at PowerPoint projects 
Rockband 3 will have a keyboard and harmonies As well as normal instruments :D 
What would you do if your house was taken over by rabid wombats 
Debating postin 2-3 random questions a day just to see what crazy responses I can get . Yea or nay ? 
Why are people compelled to shake hands ? 
If you kill an imaginary person in the dream world , will they show up in dreams later on or are they dead to your imagination ? 
Why do some girls refer to guys as \their boo \"?" 
What are toes for ? 
Hooray for second degree burns while making spaghetti 
Has food again 
Why do alarm clocks never seem to wake you up when u need them to ? 
How do you calm the spirit of vengeance ? 
Inception ... Probably the best movie I've seen in a long time 
Apologize for no random questions my mind is recuperating from inception 
Question for everyone : should I get one of those smartpens ? 
Why are there so many different pens 
If today was ur last day on earth what would you do ? 
Why is there a correct way to hold a pen/pencil ! 
Was late to work today because I hate 6 lucid dreams last night . Sometimes I wish my imagination would just be on hold for a little 
I know the secrets of the fire swamp ! 
Feels a dream coma coming on and not a pleasant one 
Apparently threatening clouds changes weather 
Finally a partial solution to one of the projects I've been working on since day1 at < PROPFEMALE > 
Needs to be back in chicago 
my internet wont let me play SC2 online .... 
Only let in 2 goals in 11 on 11 soccer . End score 5-2 my team wins 
Wheels within wheels in a spiral array\ 
It's pattern so grand and complex\ 
Time after time we lose sight of the way\ 
Our causes can't see their effects 
Has ended his internship and kinda already misses it 
On my way home to chicago 
Will not be bringing my iPhone to class this semester 
has a bored 
Is on top of the world 
Quote of the day from philosophy : conquerors = oh boy lots of sex\ 
Slaves = sex is evil 
Apparently listening to the song nightmare by avenged sevenfold gives you nightmares 
Quote of the day : me : < PROPFIRST > could I trouble you for a piece of gum ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > : yes ! Fuck ! I get tourettes when I have to share things ! Shit ! 
Just saw a squirrel with a snickers bar .... Win 
Sweet dodged jury duty for once going to school came in handy 
Particle man vs . Triangle man , triangle man , triangle man . You can't beat that particle man , particle man , particle man . Triangle man beats particle man , particle man , particle man . 
' Twas brillig , and the slithy toves\ 
Did gyre and gimble in the wabe :\ 
All mimsy were the borogoves , \ 
And the mome raths outgrabe . \ 
\Beware the Jabberwock 
Quote of the day : < PROPFIRST > after < PROPFIRST > throws away a base and causes the pledge group to not get across skull swamp : \ < PROPFIRST > ! Why did you have to be ballsy ?! \"" 
The cruel grip of iit seems tone taking it's toll on myself and all my friends 
Misses the days when I had < PROPFIRST > folz as a learning assistant , 
hates my dreams .... 
Why am I cursed by the < PROPFIRST > 3:33 and 12:34 
Is mostly back to normal 
i lied ... i thought i was back to normal but now im just more stressed and worried then ever .... im really hating life right now .... 
worst day ever . I sacrifice everything and get burned at the stake . i hate my life . why can't anything ever go right . 
is now an officer in Phi Kappa Sigma ? 
I never had a < PROPMALE > to prove I wasn't guilty , \ 
I always seemed to get blamed for\ 
Every little crime , I didn't even have a name for ... \ 
\ 
Still running , still defeated in my mind\ 
I never even tried to defend my own pride\ 
Wild fire-Sonata Arctica 
How do you know if your actions are correct ? 
Yay for exams I forget I have ... 
so long and thanks for all the fish 
done with engineering exams .... i feel dead 
meanwhile , down in the town , the happy folk slept restlessly , their dreams invaded by shadowy figures eating away at their souls . 
BUTT SCRATCHER !!!! 
people should come entertain me :D 
is officially out of peanut butter ... this is a serious problem 
reality is boring\ 
entertain me with strange comments 
who am i looking for when i go on facebook . what draws me to return to this < PROPFEMALE > 
What is this madness !? Requirements to eat ? 
wrapping presents is hard ... 
The answer ? Yes the answer ! To life , the universe , and everything ? Yes ! To life , the universe , and everything ! ..... Tricky ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! 
Finds it amazing how a simple memory can drive strange emotions about the littlest things 
Life experience of the day : snowblower blades hurt ... Alot .... 
Reality is a strange place , how did I get back here ? 
Rockband with parents is always interesting 
Nobody move ! I dropped me brain .... 
drink up me hearties yo ho ! 
On second thought let's not go to Camelot for it is a silly place 
Increasing aggravation at people posting status ' beginning in \obligatory \"." 
Rat babies ! 
hello cricket how are you today 
My afternoon class got cancelled 
Rubber personnel carriers engaged . Off to school with me 
Has the song envy sings in < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs the world stuck in my head ! 
i keep clicking new tab in google chrome only to close it again ... need .... real ... internet 
Has a weird amalgamation of iggy pop's the passenger an the song garbage truck from < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs the world stuck in my head 
The first of 14 hell ish Tuesday's is nearing it's end . 6 more hours Togo 
Anyone interested in indoor soccer at keating ? It would Sunday's 6-10 but we probably would only play for like an hour . I need 3-8 more people 
Pbj sandwiches make everything better 
I HAVE INTERNET AGAIN !!!!!!!! 111 
Men like you have such an easy soul to steal 
Purple blue or green ? 
Psych evals in a business class ? WTF 
Note to all people . Hawk chocalate made with dark chocolate makes me vibrate . 
so im gonna try for iit idol tomorrow at 9 pm at the bog . Please come by and watch me make a fool of myself :D 
Is in the next round of iit idol ! How'd that happen ?! 
When you walk with purpose , you collide with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just saw Vagina Monologues at IIT . Must say well done ladies . 
My dad ran a marathon today in 4 hours and 30 minutes . This guys is crazy 
Rebruised my bruised bone , almost rebroke my finger and did something strange to my hip . God I love playin goalie in soccer 
Such a lonely day , and it's mine . 
Mmmmmmm pancakes 
is liking your own status wrong ? 
Do you want to Date my Avatar is now on Rock band ... win ? 
i require re hair color\ 
red white and blue\ 
purple\ 
green\ 
\ 
Reasons for your choice . they dont have to be legitimate or make sense . prefer funny ones :D 
Wheels within wheels in a spiral array , \ 
A pattern so grand and complex , \ 
Time after time we lose sight of the way , \ 
Our causes can't see their effects . 
Dead space 2 is hard 
whirr whirr whirr 
The dice won't stop rolling in my head 
what do i do ? 
i'd like to be\ 
under the sea\ 
in an octupus ' garden in the shade 
Had an elaborate post in mind but just completely forgot it 
They have removed the giant temporal shackled from my work desk 
Their evil eyes are looking down on you\ 
And those who don't are losing sight of you\ 
Face the rage to < PROPMALE > away\ 
The specter of disgrace and shame\ 
Withered roses dying on the ledge\ 
A withered dreamer standing on the edge\ 
You dream of love but you wake up to pain\ 
You're better off to join in my game 
Hair cut yea or nay 
let the world know an archi gave me the tools to be more creative , and it worked . I have created a monstrosity 
haircut yes or no , if so what type gogo 
Hello everybody and welcome to march I am celebrating by sitting behind a desk at work wearing a silly tie . Don't believe me ? Come visit at ssv north ! 
phone is fixed ... for now 
Hello again depression . Please go away I don't like you anymore 
lungs are saying they dont want to work ... 
Choo choo 
Would like to thank the amazing people at North Central for putting on the Night of One Acts and The improv show , and for showing me that Thursday Nights can be AMAZING . Oh yeah and thanks werbs for making me come to Naperville to see it all :D 
Beat my dad In 2 games and almost a third the end score of the last game was 14-16 
Cry havoc let loose the dogs of war ! I am bandigar the bold and I shall slay you with my cape and pointy stick ! 
Mmmmm homemade piZZA 
I need another story\ 
Something to get off my chest\ 
My life gets kinda boring\ 
Need something that I can confess\ 
' Til all my sleeves are stained red\ 
From all the truth that I've said\ 
Come by it honestly I swear\ 
Thought you saw me wink , no\ 
I've been on the brink , so 
Ugh laundry 
what does the color blue mean to you 
One too many poisoned kisses\ 
And I'm drowning in your deepest sea\ 
I found my < PROPFEMALE > , something I'm here for\ 
I'm knockin ' on my heaven's door 
\why do they leave all these rocks and shut all over the yard\ " \ 
wrist why do you have to not work for me .... 
I will conquer dead space 2 .... 
Click the link so i get free stuff 
Argh 
best pizza ive ever made :D 
Bored 
going too go see the adjustment bureau 
Adjustment bureau was extraordinarily impressive must say 
Hair will be changed once again ! Pictures to follow 
Back to the grind 
Interesting and strange dreams 
Just purchased my tickets for suckerpunch this Thursday night 
Someone tried to steal my bike again 
Making sghetti for my dad and i 
is about to have an amazing weekend ! Going to north central to see some amazing improv and < PROPFEMALE > out with all the cool people from north central . Then going to < PROPFEMALE > out with werbs and go to baby wants < PROPFEMALE > after ! 
Improv was fantastic ! 
Amazing beginning to a weekend . Thanks everyone who put up with me at north central 
