Finally on Facebook ! 

Just left wrestling training ; got a temporary tattoo of somebody's hand on my chest ... 
Platinum Championship Wrestling ; Friday Night - SEE YOU THERE !!! 
My mutant healing powers kicked in ... I'm good now . 
I am now friends with Gorkem Tatar . EPIC WIN !!! 
Going to The < PROPMALE > Rumble this Sunday ... ( I wonder how much it costs for the #27th spot ... ) 
Freakin ' tired ! One more day , then \ Mr. 4-Day Weekend\ " lives up to his title . " 
I just realized how busy today will be , and tomorrow , and the day after that , and the day after that ... 
Doppelganger Week huh ? 
MR 4-DAY WEEKEND IS BACK !!! 
Sometimes , you just gotta spoil yourself . - < PROPMALE > Flanders 
Going to enjoy part 2 of this epic mini-series ... Four-Day Weekend . ( It's such a great story so far ... ) 
is really enjoying everything going on in his life right now ! 
Returning to the regular grind real soon , but feeling more motivated than before ! 
has felt incredible today , despite going back to work today . I wish I could share the feeling with the folks I love ... and sell it to everyone else !!! 
Feeling kinda tired today , but determined to make the best of it ! 
After being on prescibed meds for 4 months , and taking a week off them , I think I should have Just Said No to the doctor ... 
Time to squeak in a workout before heading out to work ! 
No work , no wrestling ... no responsibility ! ( But somehow I've fixed my highbeams , my bathroom speakers so far ... I'll probably be more productive today than I have been in 4 months ! ) 
Looks like I'm upgrading my car stereo ... The audio < PROPFIRST > is bad , and after disassembling the console , it's too easy to have someone do it for me ;) 
Convection Microwave ... my favorite new gadget !!! 
Some cause happiness wherever they go ; others , whenever they go . \ - < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
The number two wrestling company makes me want to go \number two\ " right now ... " 
... and then , a show about nobody but STING !!! >:-( 
I could really kick my dad's @$$ RIGHT NOW ... ( Thinking about booking a flight to Cali next weekend ) 
Shocked , heartbroken , and infuriated ... all at the same time ... 
I slipped away further from you trying to find what is real , You’re somebody else that I never knew , and someone that I can’t feel . 
Missing Midnight Mayhem ... 
Fever inside the storm , So I'm turning away . Away from the name ; Away from the stones ; ' Cause I'm through mending the wounds of us 
* Public Service Announcement : * Attempting to open my door after I park my vehicle is generally taken as a hostile gesture . It doesn't matter if you need directions ; the Grand Theft Auto game series has been out for more that 10 years ... you should know better than that . 
It's ridiculous ... the meds designed to ' save my life ' have nearly caused liver failure for the second time . I think I'll stick to healtier diet and exercise ... pills are not my deal . 
What's the deal with people coming up to me , asking for stuff , and not having the common decency to introduce themselves ?!? 
Mr. Four-Day Weekend is \living the gimmick \"!!!" 
is learning that he can't go long without doing something productive everyday . 
Online gaming ... I'm just not that into you . 
wrestled last night , and will wrestle today , then tomorrow , and the next day ... =) 
is still quite disturbed about yesterday ... 
Things seem a lot brighter today than yesterday ... 
Taking productivity into overtime !!! 
There is overwhelming evidence that the higher the level of self-esteem , the more likely one will be to treat others with respect , kindness , and generosity . --- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
... and all of a sudden , I'm excited about today ! ( but still not sure why I'm excited ) 
I'm in the mood to learn some new skills ... I feel a \high\ " at the thought of discovering how to do more than I already am capable of . " 
It was < PROPFEMALE > yesterday ; raining at 5am ... now I wake up and there is snow ?!? This weather does whatever it wants ... 
Wow ... I have done a lot of upgrading in the past 3 months ! Progress = Success ! 
No mortgage payment until May , and at that point , it will be $100 less than the last payment !!! Business ! BIZ-NESS !!! 
Felt creative tonight ... no alcohol involved . 
Celebrating creativity ... with a toast to ambition and < PROPFEMALE > . ( alcohol involved ) 
I think I found an old friend ... I'm speechless ... 
Bills ! Aaaack !!! 
It's kinda funny ; 20 years later , we're still those same two kids jumping around in the front yard ... 
If methane gas caused the explosion on Lawrenceville Hwy , then does that mean Lawrenceville Hwy is the butt-crack , and Gwinnett County just farted ? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is 70 ?!? Oh WOW ! Well ... I guess < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > would be up there too ... 
It's amazing how well things are going right now ... it's like my life is improving everyday ... 
As much as I joke about chopping someone in the throat , I got chopped in the throat tonight ... Aaaaaack !!! 
9-hour class today ... WOOOOOOOO ! 
This God of War 3 is sick !!! Just ridiculous ! 
I gotta quit showing up at the same time Manswers comes on ... geez ! 
That Kratos ... he ain't ordinary !!! 
Awesome show tonight , and an even bigger one planned for next week . 
\Forward Motion : Do what you gotta do to get what you gotta get to get your sh -- rolling \"!" 
Ok ... beat God of War . I didn't ignore any people ... just the gym . 
Thanks to everyone who showed up , we had two great days of training ; I think I'll stay away from somersault leg drops though ... 
Woke up sore ... feels good . ( Now I know I really pushed myself ) 
Work Schedule : UPGRADED !!! ( I feel like that picture left of this comment ) 
Watching WWE NXT ; is it just me , or does the silohouette of < PROPMALE > Young's head make everyone laugh , rewind , and laugh again ? 
Still sore ! Wooo ! 
HSBC card balance : $0.00 -- Credit UPGRADE !!! 
I tried to stay away this year without my precious UNC ... came straight home and had to watch \The Madness \"!!!" 
< PROPMALE > vs . Kansas State ; awesome game ! 
Busy day ... big show ... lots to do ... 
Awesome show tonight ... wish I could have stayed for the afterparty !!! 
You , women of PCW ... I'll get you ... 
New Pics !!! 
is stressed ... 
It's been a rough week . Time to fix things ... and not just at work . 
Time to get at it !!! 
Yes , I grilled ! ... and in the middle of grilling ... HERE COMES A NEW CHALLENGER !!! 
I get my niece and nephew today ! 
Sometimes it's good to get away , alone . ( in the backyard -- firepit burning ) 
Got ' em :) 
At the aquarium ... ( good grief ! ) 
Grilling again !!! ( cause the kids love it ) 
is BEAT !!! aaack . 
I feel incredibly energetic and creative today . A great mood for doing the final design on new gear , and maybe a tattoo ... 
What ?!? I didn't need to cut the lawn when I left this morning !!! How did THIS happen ?!? 
SMASH SUMTHIN'!!! 
Post-work productivity has come to a halt ; will resume in the morning . 
GREAT PCW show at Eyedrum tonight !!! www.platinumchampionshipwrestling.com 
Thank God for GPS !!! 
Man vs . Nature : LAWNS ( I just cut it less than a week ago ; what gives ?!? ) 
is in a strange , uncomfortable , yet familiar state ; a reminder to keep pressing forward . 
Very productive day ... but I'm not finished yet ! 
Going to bed ; another busy , productive day planned for tomorrow ... 
I think I got rocked tonight ... I heard birds outside as I was driving ... at midnight . I anticipate wild dreams in my near future ... 
You'd think with my mom retiring and moving back home after staying here for 18 months , I'd have forgotten how to get down in the kitchen ... NOT !!! Smokehouse < PROPFEMALE > lamb chops with chipotle white cheddar crumbles , wild rice , and seasoned baked beans with red peppers COMING UP !!! 
Had an awesome 4-day weekend ; having an awesome first day back at work ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! It's been a pretty good day , even work ... well , except flipping a smoothie machine over on the sidewalk at the end of my day ( sorry , < PROPMALE > ; I'll bring you a new one in the morning) ! 
Wow , almost 50 happy birthday's ( and 3 from Frang Effin < PROPFIRST > ) ! BTW , you , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > got in all your birthday licks over the course of this month !!! 
Aaaaack !!! 
WWE released < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ?!? I'm sure we have a spot for her on the PCW roster !!! 
Wrestling was rough tonight ... Aaaack ! 
Tomorrow is gonna be a rough one at work ... 
Okay ... that blowing my nose and my eye swells shut gimmick has lost it's novelty ... 
I have a big idea ... as big as two worlds colliding ... :D 
Even when I'm not sure what I want , I'm still the fastest person at the drive-thru ... 
I haven't had a carrot & raisin salad since that church revival way back when ; i gotta get that next time ... 
Sometimes people are dumb ... like deer . 
Rethinking , repairing , redesigning , reanimating , ... reloading . 
Tired ; still got plenty of work to do before I'm ' caught up ' . I'm pretty sure I'll feel accomplished at this time tomorrow . 
How are you going to develop a motherboard that doesn't recognize a graphics adapter that you also developed ?!? Get your corporation together , PNY(EVGA) !!! 
It's been a busy week ... and this weekend doesn't look like it's slowing down either .. 
Why am I still up ?!? 
First 4-Day weekend of the new fiscal year =) 
Drink ! It's a celebration !!! 
needs a nurse ... I may be injured . 
Non-wrestling related damage ; how does this type of stuff happen ?!? 
First paycheck of the new fiscal year ... ballin'!!! :) 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's aman\ 
wishing he could talk softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND\ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and remindingher \ 
how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a manwishing\ 
he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRYthere's a \ 
man st. .. ealing smiles from her ... Post this on your \ 
wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
Awesome paycheck , awesome inventory , awesome the way time flew by today ... and I found ways to be more productive ! 
York Pieces and Special Dark Pieces ! It's about time they made these !!! 
Looking forward to a new set of tires in the morning !!! 
There is very little time for ' just hanging out'\ 
at this point ; it's time to be very serious about getting stuff done . \ 
I feel a need to ' stand up and show improvement ' . ( If only for myself ) 
\Good judgement comes from experience . And a\ 
If what I hear is correct , you want to be at the Eyedrum in Atlanta tomorrow night !!! Anything else you could be doing is simply petty !!! 
Awesome show tonight ! Now ... Welcome To The Jungle !!! 
Big Corporate Meeting this morning = Free Breakfast this morning ! 
It's been a long week , but this week isn't over yet ; it's been a long day , and it ain't over yet either ! 
Wrestling ... oh , wrestling ... is there a rehab for the addiction ? 
20 hours awake is too long ... but I got almost everything done . A few hours of sleep and then I pray to survive tomorrow . 
Student < PROPFEMALE > ... Completely Gone !!! ( a < PROPMALE > breakthrough on the road to being debt-free !!! ) 
is completely exhausted . 
1 hour in the gym , 11 hours at work , 3 hours shooting vignettes ... definitely a productive day ! 
I should get a passport and disappear for a week or so ... 
One of the longest days ever ; but I'll be right back and ready to go in the AM . 
Sometimes I think out loud and forget there are people nearby ... 
You thought I was playing about that grill ? GOT IT !!! ( this thing is like the Devastator of grills ) 
Public Service Announcement : If you already need a cane to walk , you don't really want to try me . No matter what you say , you know you don't either . Honestly , I don't want to ' double-cripple ' you . Shut up , get in the cab , and go somewhere safe . While you're at it , learn some manners . Enough Said . 
I expect poor sleep and wacky dreams due to this evening's events ... ugh ... 
Got two 5-star restaurant-quality hugs today ... ;) 
These two geese have it all figured out ; they walk the neighborhood every day , going door to door , getting fed and treated like celebrities . ... time to find a goose costume . 
is inspired ... and tired . 
Focus Long Term ~ Never Be Satisfied .... 
So totally needs one more day off ... 
A small dose of Platinum Championship Wrestling on Friday Night is better than none at all !!! 
Lost 1 pound ... down to 184 lbs ... the Wii says I am no longer \overweight\ " . What judgemental little machine ; I don't judge it because it's graphics don't match the PS3 ... " 
Found a lone case of Cheerwine at the store tonight ... I am inspired to have a very Tarheel Day tomorrow , beginning with a trip to my local Krispy Kreme in the morning ... 
Cleaned my car windows ; inside and out . It's like I'm driving in HD now ... 
Ended yesterday with a bit of barbecue and a can of Cheerwine ! 
It's going to be a long week ; I can't wait to see my family when it's all over ... 
Give me 5 minutes ; I'm going to look like that profile pic ... except trade the couch for a bed , subtract the shirt , and add \unconsciousness \"..." 
If you're going to have a 4-day weekend , you have to start it right ... at Platinum Championship Wrestling . 
Haven't been here 8 hours ; already killed something ... 
We have a Tekken 6 Fountain in Fayetteville ? Sweet !!! 
My 5-year-old niece is trying to hit 80 lbs so she doesn't need the child seat in the car ; she's 42 lbs right now . Absurd gameplan in an attempt to grow up ? That's definitely my brother's kid ... 
Wow , their cousin is trying to intimidate me with ADHD , like she has some sort of mutant power when she doesn't take her meds ... The mind of a 9-year old ! ( My nephew hit her with the \wrestler defense\ " ... she shut up ) " 
I thought getting hit with a steel chair was bad , but could you imagine getting hit with a steel chair that was outside today ? 
I think I love Pandora ... Pandora ( Internet Radio ) 
Manute Bol died ? :( 
I can't believe I just out-punched those big guys at Barnacles ... yep , even you , Super < PROPFIRST > . 
Pretty good show tonight , and I found a few talents I didn't know I had ... until now :) 
It is time to lie down ... I gotta work in the AM , and do a bit of extracurricular after work . 
70-something aged lady hit on me today ; I turned bright red ... Then I hid . 
Just checked out a news article on the steps to take in planning for retirement ... I'm on point , if not ahead of schedule ... :) 
Gym , work , wrestling training tonight . Gotta do all my errands tomorrow , and fix my niece's Nintendo DS ... Uncle T always comes through ... 
At Hudson Grill in Alpharetta , getting ready for some comedy with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , a.k.a. \The Master \"." 
I had forgotten why I don't ever stop at Walmart ... thanks for reminding me , Walmart ! 
What a WONKY day !!! It's time pick up some steam and really get rolling ... on everything . 
Waking at 6AM HURTS !!! 
< PROPMALE > Lesnar : first to go 2 rounds , and defeat < PROPFIRST > Carwin ! ENOUGH SAID . 
Normally , I'd say , \it's gonna be one of those days \"; I don't think I'm going to let it be \ " one of those days \"." 
How does Kobayashi get arrested ?!? All the guy does is eat ! Uh , Geter ... keep your nose clean at the buffet ! 
2,137 wrecks , 589 injuries , 9 dead in 72 hours . Have a SAFE holiday ! 
Tonight's sleep is brought to you by night time sleep aid pills and Comcast On Demand ; how else are you going to drown out the bottle rockets and firecrackers at 1am ?!? 
feels like he's starting to find himself again ... 
Great show tonight ! It's good to be back !!! 
It's been one of those days where I went home , sat down , and didn't even want to turn the TV on ; I needed the silence and solitude for just a moment . 
Aaack ! They closed my Lowe's!!! I knew it was too slow to keep open . 
PROMOTED to 9th Kyu ! ( plus I kicked 4 asses ... the 5th one fainted ) 
Wow ... 11 years working for this corporation . A lot has changed since then , and I've done a lot of growing and improving . I'm much happier with where I am now than where I was 11 years ago ... but I still don't have any chest hair . 
Campus Strike Force ? Campus STRUCK with FORCE . 
6-car wreck on I-85 south , then another at Pleasantdale ... how do they do it ?!? 
Just got recognized as a PCW wrestler @ 6-Flags !!! 
What a long ... um ... days ? Ugh ... I need some sleep !!! 
As much sleep as I lose when my niece and nephew are around , I've found out I don't need it as much when they are here . 
I need a second wind ... so that I can get up in the morning ! 
Needs a monthly reminder that it's the end of the month ... and a good shower . 
apparently was stung by some sort of stinging insect today . Got inside my shirt ... 
Today was interesting ... in a great way . 
Omaha Steaks !!! =) 
Bacon-wrapped filet < PROPFEMALE > , baked potato w/ sour cream , baked beans w/ peppers , and a biscuit ; some times you just gotta spoil yourself ! 
\I wanna bleed \ 
I wanna bleed , show the world all that I have inside ;\ 
I wanna scream , Let the blood flow that keeps me alive ... \ " , 201 0-0 8-03 06:23:41 " 
5-Day-Weekend ... COMING UP ! 
Aaaack !!! I said ... AAAAAAACCKKKKK !!!!!!! 
Aaaaaaaaaccccck ... AAAACCCKKK !!!!! 
is in a tux ... 
is out of the \monkey suit\ " . ^_^ " 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Hereford : we are going to miss you . God Bless you and your family . 
wonders what the morning holds for himself ... 
You don't realize how valuable insurance is until you need it ; both prescription meds combined cost less than a < PROPFEMALE > bar ! 
Injury hasn't healed 100% , but I'm certain I'm healthy enough to beat < PROPFIRST > Worthy in the first ever PCW kumite match tomorrow night . 
Retribution . 
Home ownership ? :) Cleaning gutters and pruning trees ? :( 
Busy , busy , week ... 
Geez ... I feel like I got into a car wreck , then jumped out the car and fought < PROPMALE > Liddell ... 
Sorry to anyone who's call or text I may have missed over the past few days . Waiting on a new battery for my phone ; when it gets here , we'll see if I can replace it without killing the phone completely . Until then , my phone is wonky ... 
\THAT\ " was a lot of violence ... " 
isn't ignoring you ... his phone has completely died . 
... has excellent \ninja skills\ " . ^_^ " 
Firepit ... < PROPFEMALE > ... chill out ... 
New phone !!! :) ... September 7th ... :( I'm starting to get kind of angry ... they processed the order late , and it's a holiday weekend . 
PHONE !!! :) 
Wrestling Math Lesson of the week : The Jungle + Grotesque = Absurd amount of violence . ( Take notes ! ) 
I think it's time to get back into my gym routine ... starting tomorrow morning . 
I need to go to bed sooner ... 
Has a lot to do ... doesn't even know where to get started ... 
What a week ... and it's only Wednesday !!! AAAAAACK !!! 
Well , my week is tough , but at least not as bad as that kid in the \Tantrum Fail\ " video . " 
What's on my mind ? SACRED GROUND - Chapter 1 
What a night , PCW ! This was ridiculous ! 
Sacred Ground - Chapter 1 ; THAT was one of the most exciting and fun nights of my life ! Great show , great people , great time !!! 
I think this is the first day since the Superbowl where there was no work , no wrestling , & no need to fulfill any duties ... Just a chill-day :) 
Platinum Championship Wrestling : the road to Sacred Ground - Chapter 2 begins tonight , at The Jungle ! 
It was fun ... but I'm out of the monkey suit !!! ;) 
Oh ... ugh ... ahh ... aack . :P 
5 minutes of watching Smackdown makes me wish I was at least AT Academy Theater , watching PCW :/ 
Anime-style nosebleed :/ ( not as cool in real life ) . Now I'm considering seeing a doctor ( and maybe hiring a clean-up crew ) . 
Platinum Championship WITHDRAWALS !!! >:( 
Haven't had good sushi in at least a year or more ; I need some sushi friends :/ 
Just saw a woman who resembled Triple H ; that's funny , but really ... no , it's not funny at all . 
Memory foam mattress : Yay or nay ? 
May be allergic to ant bites ... and consequently , may be headed to the doctor if this doesn't start to clear up by tomorrow >:/ 
I'm kind of a big deal ... at CONCENTRA URGENT CARE . ( I've got to stop visiting that place so often ) :/ 
Just saw an opossum crossing my driveway as I pulled in ; it's time to get the trap out . 
Despite some bumps , bruises , and a bloody nose ... it's good to be back at a PCW show on Friday night !!! 
Bully Beatdown . The only reason to watch MTV . 
Well ... I guess I've got to fix my garage door ... or turn my Explorer into a low-rider . >:/ 
To my friends : If you send me a message on my PS3 , you'll probably want to text , call , email , or contact me on Facebook to let me know you sent a message to me on my PS3 . Otherwise , I may not see your message for months . ( I usually only check it on accident ) . 
Yes , U-Verse guy ... I BUILT my own DVR . That was like , 6 years ago . I've already upgraded it 3 times . 
just saved $200 by purchasing and installing the garage door opener himself . Suck it , Overhead Door Company ! 
FLOOR SEATS !!! WE'RE GOING TO WRESTLEMANIA !!! 
After the past two days , I deserved a day at work that went this well . ... and now , some soft music for the trip home . 
When it comes to food , fresh always beats frozen ... always . 
Christmas Bonus hit the bank this morning !!! 
Not again Tarheels ... Not like this ... 
My niece : \You're a baby because you have ducks on you pajamas\ " . I had no idea that qualifies me as a \ " baby\ " . LOL " 
Went with my nephew on a field trip to see a Christmas performance . When did < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > become such a big part of Christmas ? The Grinch threw his hat on the ground , and moonwalked , and I heard someone say \Who's Bad ? \ " at the start of one part . " 
My niece : [ poking me ] \Uncle T 
Work n ' wrestling tomorrow !!! [ ^_^ ] 
Had a blast at the Cedar Grove show again ! Also found out I can clear the top rope if I ever decide to a dive out of the ring ( The scuffmark-like bruise on my back says so ) . 
Is there a gameshark for UFC shows ? I think Garcia just used it . ( < PROPFEMALE > Phan won that fight ) 
Got an unexpected call :) 
So much to do , so little time ! 
Gym + Wrestling training = 2 bags of sweaty workout clothes in my car ! 
Oh yes ... making waffles in the morning ! [ ^_^ ] 
Chicken eggrolls ! ( I haven't made eggrolls in over a year ! ) 
Ok ... I guess I am kind of stubborn . I don't think that has anything to do with a zodiac sign , though . 
27 degrees outside ... Guys laying new sod ... is this a sign that warmer weather is on the way or is it just a landscaping FAIL ? 
You Have : 1 unread message from your secret crush . Reply >> YES << to get ur crush's name now ! 4help 8002357105 $9.99 /mo Msg&Data rates may apply . txt stop 2stop\ 
\ 
I'll take Phone/Text scams for $100 , Alex ... \ 
¡¡DAILY DOUBLE !! 
You're a hundred-year-old man in a green bathrobe ; what do I stand to gain by beating you ? If I win , I beat up a hundred-year-old man in a green bathrobe ; If I lose , I lost to a hundred-year-old man in a green bathrobe . In both instances , I lose my job . I have more worthwhile things to do ... 
Ugh . Survive . 
Wooooo hoo hoo hoo !!! It's COLD out there ! 
Work , wrestling , work , PARTY , work , WORK PARTY ! It's been a blast ; but I need rest . 
I actually get to sleep tonight :) 
Grown Folks vs . Little Kids ! GROWN FOLKS ! \ 
GROWN FOLKS ! GROWN FOLKS !!! 
Score 1 for grown folks !!! 
In the end , Uncle T wasn't a Grinch or a Scrooge , leaving the kids with coal ; he reached in his bag and passed out real gifts ... but that prank was Christmas Gold !!! 
- Programming Superstar , esquire . 
PCW at The Masquerade !!! 
DOUBLE !! [ ^_^ ] 
If you're so cold , why are you \sagging\ " ? Get Your Life Together . " 
Just got my car washed , and it felt strange watching someone else clean and dry my car . Then I realized I rarely ever let anyone do something for me that I am capable of doing myself . 
A day to myself ... So far , I've been to the gym , got an oil change , a car wash , washed dishes , and I'm cooking and washing clothes . 
Had a dream that I tried to ring up a customer ; Whew ... glad I woke up from that nightmare ! 
Non-store EPIC Failure ! > : -0 
Nephew : \I'll be glad when you come back home 
I'm at Concentra urgent care entirely too much ... :/ 
I haven't found anywhere in history where someone died because they read the instructions ; maybe you should read the instructions . Go ahead ... you know it's safe now . 
Better than perfect ... it sure sounded funny . 
gambled ... and won . 
Being snowed isn't that bad ... when you have great company [ ^_^ ] 
Cops like me ; crooks hate me ... 
That was a really nice sunrise this morning ... too bad it signaled that I needed to get up for work ! 
Sooo my safety cones blew out of the back of my truck at a < PROPMALE > speed of 20MPH , but an empty 20oz coffee cup didn't at 50MPH ? I think they more likely \walked off\ " . >:( " 
My truck just 180'ed on North Druid Hills , missing a vehicle on the other side of the road by less than 3 feet . D.O.T worker : \ we need more salt out here ... I don't know how this guy stopped his truck from hitting this car\ " . Cop : ( smiles)\ " He's Spider-Man\ " . [ ^_^ ] " 
Ohhh ... Aaaack !!! 
Apparently , I'm the only person in my neighborhood that doesn't create enough garbage to fill the container every week ; everyone else is still waiting for last week's pick-up . 
How does it feel to be so loud , and so WRONG ? ( maintain etiquette in public ... especially if you don't know what you're talking about ) 
If you're jealous of police officers who speed and run red lights , get a job as an officer and enjoy the same benefits ; but be ready to accept the responsibilities that come with the job . 
Still \catching up\ " with life outside work today ... " 
I just finished filing my taxes with TaxACT , you can try it for free : http://budurl.com/TaxACTFB1 
Hard work over the past couple of days really paid off this morning ... 
It's sleeting !!! ICE ! CARS ! .... CHAOS . 
What a day ... and it isn't over yet ... 
5:45 pm - Lunch :( 
Apparently , I look Hispanic when I wear a hat ... 
Yeah ... TOYS !!! 
ESPN , where is my freakin ' Tarheels game ?!? > : -0 
What happened ?!? [ >_< ] 
In unfamiliar territory , there's always American Deli :) 
Entering code for a database program ? Bleh !!! 
I'm glad everyone's having a great time , but yes , I am jealous . 
What happened to my warm weather ?!? 
$3.49 for gas ?!? Them's crack prices !!! 
BEAT DOOK !!! 
Did my ears deceive me , or did HBK call HHH a \warhorse\ " on RAW ? " 
Your argument becomes invalid when you say , \My friend who has Internet told me ... \"" 
Office/Outpatient Visit : $90.00 - Insurance =\ 
Please Pay This Amount : $4.76 [ ^_^ ] 
I'm not interested in experimenting ... I'm interested in kicking ass ! 
March Madness + Overtime = Thriller ! \ 
Work + Overtime = Killer ... ( Aaaack ! ) 
Final Sunday at work !!! 
Wow ... that was fun , and it's wasn't even MY birthday ! 
just realized he has to catch up on everything this evening ! ( the next ten days are booked !!! ) 
SECURITY !!! 
This isn't about surviving ; this is about succeeding . 
Finally ... I am actually on vacation ! 
Get out of the road , save your money , and GET A REAL BIKE !!! 
Just saw Abdullah The Butcher inducted into the Hall of Fame . HE HAD THE FORK !!! 
We're going to Wrestlemania !!! 
Meet the Zandi's 
Bumming Wi-Fi all over Indiana ... 
Passport !!! 
Today was supposed to be my first Sunday off under my new schedule . It was also supposed to be 10am-7pm on my old schedule . How am I just pulling in the driveway at 10:15 pm ? ( Don't worry ; I'll feel better when I see the paycheck ) 
Fiberglass splinters . All over my arms . :( 
is a real , live < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to the 3rd graders at Montclair Elementary . 
\Present choices determine future rewards \"" 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I had a great day ! 
( Fighting Hercules on < PROPFEMALE > Superhero Squad * Wii)\ 
Nephew : If I could use Theseus on here , we could beat Hercules easier ! \ 
Me : If I could use Kratos on here , I'd show Hercules who he is ! 
At some point , I'm going to need a break ... 
On this day , in 1945 , Hitler was announced dead . Coincidence ? 
Not making this day a Federal holiday is \letting the terrorists win \"." 
