shake and ........ ( waiting for someone to finish ) 

only got two hours of sleep , but its all good 
going to see < PROPFEMALE > Jam tommorrow . 
tommorrow is going to be fun , but also very conflicting . 
with the combination of my birthday , the awesome < PROPFEMALE > Jam concert , and the Phillies winning game one . Turned out to be one of the best days ever . 
Would like to than eveyone . Also I would like to say that i accuratley perdicted the Phillies and the Yankees would be playing each other in the World Series . 
thanks a lot septa ........ 
happy new years ! 
starting my new job today from 10 to 5 
Beware of those who < PROPFIRST > you on the back , they might be looking for the soft spot to plant the knife ! 
Finally beat chapter 11 in FF13 ! That took forever . 
finally opening day is here . Greatest day of the year . 
at work from 9:30 to 2:30 then i am free 
really needs to quit True value , that shit is not worth it . 
sweet lord the dog next door has been barking for 5 hours ! 
needs a change of pace . 
one more week at True Value ! 
last two days at True Value , and soon and end of an < PROPFEMALE > . 
goodbye true value , it was an intresting ride . 
has just got a whiff of quite possibly the worst smell ever . 
I can officially die happy , thank you Doc Halladay for perfection ! 
new phone ! 
woah what happened ? the phils were winning 8-3 when i left work . i just saw on my phone they lost 11-10 . What the hell ? 
you talking like a computer is whats snf so stfu and gtfo !!! 
Is going to Gettysburg this weekend , I don't get reception there so I will see you all Tuesday . 
thank god < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > went to the rangers and not the yankees . i was worried there for a bit . 
finally the < PROPMALE > streak is over ! 
finally oswalt agreed to the trade 
at the phillies ! 
oh joy school !..... 
is quite possibly scared for life .... D : 
lets go phillies ! 
< PROPFIRST > halladay is god !!! 
damn .... 
this is depressing ...... 
On retrospect though at least they went down fighting . Lets go Texas ! 
feels old . 
got my costume ! 
greatest dinner ever !! 
why in god's name would werth sign with the nationals ? 
is it safe ? 
Holy < PROPFIRST > Shit !!!!! We just got back < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
I really need to use facebook more often 
really !? this is the second time in less then 24 hours i have almost been hit by an idiot driver ! 
