Eat . Ski . Eat . Sauna . Eat . Sleep . ( Sometimes it's SUCH a hard life , eh ? ) 

How come no one has transplanted all those little seedlings out there on my deck ? Who's the gardener-in-charge here ? Oh , wait ... 
Ugh . Sick . Still sick . 
Strawberries ! 
Folk Fest 
Bellowhead . 
Cultural Connections Picnic , Thursday 2-7pm , in Bemidji at the little < PROPFEMALE > by The Warehouse -- downtown , over the Irvine Ave bridge and take your first left . Music , food , good company ! Five folkie divas will sing at 4:30 . 
Jackpot ! I discovered a few little green tomatoes in my garden yesterday . Now how to get them big and ripe in the next 10 days ...? 
Toomuchcoffeetoomuchcoffeetoomuchcoffeetoomuchcoffeetoomuchcoffeetoomuchcoffee 
Butterfly sailing ! 
Old friends , new friends , waffles for breakfast , waffles for dinner , sail , paddle , swim , giggle , and soak in the music . September is turning into a lovely summer . 
little cabin , long hike , high falls , < PROPMALE > jump , river swim , lake dip , fresh < PROPMALE > , caprese sammich , scrabble tourney , vi-no , choco-late , straw-berries , snort fort . 
Africa calling . 
Thinking too much . Way too serious . Somebody please make a funny face and relieve the tension . 
12:12 . Seems like a fortuitous time to go to sleep . 
12:00 exactly . Seems like a nifty time for number nerds to get ready for bed . 
Sunbeam < PROPFEMALE > soakin ' up a < PROPFIRST > or two . 
Chipping parsnips out of suddenly-frozen ground . 
Thinking of clever ways to thaw out a patch of garden soil so I can plant some garlic ... 
Sleeping . Soon . Please ? 
Details . Details . 
Friends new and old , family , delicious abundance , fresh air , sunset , funny movie . Wishing comfort , love and security for all six-and-a-half billion . What would that look like ? 
Nap . 
Sing . 
Eat . Sleep . Sing some more . 
Go to sleep , silly girl . 
workity workity workalot finally just finished . 
8 million pippernits . 
< PROPFEMALE > Solstice , Happy Christmas , Blessed New Year ! 
11:11 sounds like sleep . 
So I finally saw Avatar . How did they DO that ? 
Hey Everyone ! Please help Bemidji Youth build a skate park ! They need to get into the top 10 to win the < PROPMALE > from Pepsi -- so please click on the link below and vote ! Repeat daily ' til Feb 28 -- and spread the word ! 
I voted . 
I voted again . 
full < PROPFEMALE > ski , < PROPFEMALE > shadows and candlelight pictures , swoosh swoosh and quiet , firelight , friends ... and The Other Place . 
I'm skiiiiii-ing in the rain , just skiiii-ing in the rain ! 
Learnin ' stuff . 
Watching that video about Facebook's endless absurd distractions . Then going back to Facebook . Maybe I'll poke somebody . Cuz . 
ROCKED the garden today . Weeding , planting , digging in manure , planting some more . Who wouldn't want to skip work and shovel manure ? 
Singin ' with a posse o ' people at Bemidji State Park amphitheatre Sunday June 6 1:30 pm . Bring < PROPFEMALE > voice n sing along -- or clap hands n stomp ! 
Thinks she can get up at 4:30 in the morning . Proof is in the pudding ... g'night . 
knows more about aromatherapy than she did 12 hours ago . And smells really good . 
Wow . More oily critters on TV . So sad . Birds and crabs and fish in my gas tank . 
What's a Hogglewat ? 
Blueberries . Shiny . 
happy dancey sleepy wakey coffee foody gardeny maybe sailboaty ... aaah weekends ! 
Go to sleep , stupid . 
No really , I'm going to sleep . It's not even midnight yet . 
Sailing at sunset ... and right into moonrise ! How often does THAT happen ? Sweet . 
All this wind LOOKED like fun sailing ... but I turtled the boat before I could even hoist the sail . So much for my vision of bouncing gleefully over whitecaps , catching spray on my sunglasses . Thanks for the heroic rescue , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . You now belong to the Legion of Daggerboard Monkeys -- a most selective club . ( And you now know the secret initiation rite . Don't tell anybody . ) 
Mugga mugga muggy . 
Bizzy . Thought today was Tuesday . Wait up , week ! Ya runnin ' too fast . 
Can she get to sleep before 11pm ? Tune in tomorrow ... 
Sleep by 11pm ? Nope . Didn't happen . 
Some sailing weather ? Little bit , please please please ? Now that I have time ? Please thank you ? ( in the very smallest sweetest nicest voice i can do ) 
Why is my computer suddenly making light-saber and ray-gun noises ? 
350ppm 
African-Band-Name of the Day : < PROPMALE > Olaiya's Federal Rhythm Dandies 
Scrabble and sleep deprivation spell brngtwiiizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Sunsetgasm ! 
Warmtoberfest ! 
Mosquitoberfest ...?!! 
