likes spending time with his family . 

likes the thought of living in Fiji again right now . 
has been watching and listening to thunderstorms all day . Sweet stuff . 
went to church with my kids this morning and then watched some Avatar for Father's Day . Those kids are so cute . 
had a couple of awesome days all in a row , even though it was sweltering outside . I love my kiddos . 
is done with hearing about dead celebs . I'd rather talk about people that are alive and matter to me . Just sayin ' . 
is tired ... 
God is in control ... just gotta keep remembering that . 
Happy Independence Day everyone ! 
needs to get some Dr. Scholl's footpads or something . My feet hurt ! 
20 hours of hard physical labor in two days ... is my body ready for this ? 
God is big enough and good enough . Now I just have to believe that . 
just got done visiting with my Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! First time a visitor from the NW has come out here in a while . Feels nice ! 
January of this year I weighed 238 . I now weigh 183 . Eat smaller meals , about six times a day , and go to restaurants less often . 
Getting the kids ready for church on time is sometimes harder than it seems . Especially when last minute they BOTH spill milk all over themselves ! 
Something about thinking you have an eight hour day and ending up with a ten hour day makes your back hurt SOOOO much more . I need some painkillers . 
My babies are sick ! Pray that they don't have anything serious , please ! The doctor said their rashes could be the beginning of something pretty bad , so pray that it's nothing ! 
Thanks for your prayers everybody . They still have rashes , but they look the same as yesterday , which means that it's probably nothing serious . I'll let everybody know more as I know more . Thanks again . 
Kids look better and seem to be feeling fine . Thanks again for all the prayers ! Still don't know 100% what it was . 
Life is too short to not live like this . Romans 12:14 Make every effort to live in peace with all men and to be holy ; without holiness no one will see the Lord . 
Well , what an exciting day ! I'm tired , so I'll tell you all about it later ... 
Looks like I'm all signed up for classes , and almost ready to go . Not sure about being in a math class again though ... cross your fingers ! 
My sister < PROPFEMALE > might be having a baby right now ! 
My sister had her baby girl earlier today and both are doing fine ! I'm an uncle again ! 
Mia < PROPFIRST > and my sister < PROPFEMALE > are both doing well ! I love little babies ! 
Anyway sweet ideas on what to do this weekend ? Keep in mind I've got a 20 month old and a three year old . 
School starts today , pray everything goes well ! 
18 hours makes for a pretty big workload , but I'm feeling pretty good about it . Just gotta take it in chunks ! 
I love my kids . I don't like too much popcorn at the movies , however . 
I love my family . 
Second week of school , and I think I'm starting to pick up on my math again . 
would appreciate a lot of prayers right now . Pray for strength , wisdom , and < PROPFEMALE > . Send me a message if you want to talk . 
Anybody ever wish they had a time machine ? I'm majoring in physics , so I'm going to find somebody who's working on that . 
is 85% done with his math homework . Must read after that ... 
FINALLY .... my math is done .... for today . 
Please continue to pray . Big day tomorrow , so please keep me in your thoughts . Like I said before , please message me if you want to know more . 
I hope I can get some schoolwork done .... but I'm definitely going to watch the Bears . 
Finished three math assignments WHILE watching the Bears game ... just wish they would've won ! 
is beat . Everything just seems to be coming all at once . 
So many tests this week . Got to get some sleep to help my brain ! 
would like to congratulate all those I know who've been getting married recently . I love you , and I wish you the best ! Wish I could have been there ! 
had a good weekend . Now it's time for school ... 
Please pray for my dad . He is going in for surgery today . They are checking his lymph nodes for cancer . 
Continue to pray for my dad please , and I should know more about it possibly on Tuesday . This next week is going to be really rough on me . 
Thank you ALL for your prayers . Surgery went well , and my dad has NO cancer in his lymph nodes ! Praise God ! 
For those of you praying for me , please do so again . Tomorrow could be pretty significant . Pray for wisdom and for God's will to be done . Thanks . 
Is tired . Emotionally drained today . 
Is glad my mom got to meet < PROPFEMALE > for the first time . Hope it's not so long in between visits next time . 
Is needing to sleep more , but for some reason my body won't let me . 
Is not very efficient with math homework when near a computer in the library . 
Three exams today . Did good on one , decent on another , and maybe not so good on the last . 
And we rejoice in the hope of the < PROPFEMALE > of God . Not only so , but we also rejoice in our sufferings , because we know that suffering produces perseverance ; perseverance , character ; and character , hope . 
I'm caught up on schoolwork ... I just wish there was a way to catch up on life . 
Another exam today . I'm feeling really good about this one beforehand . It's math , and I think I know all the stuff I need to . 
I'm pretty sure I aced my Trig Exam , I got a 76% on Chem ( which in that class is like getting a 95 ) , 80% on Psych and 88% on Anthropology . Not a bad week for school . 
I just checked it out , and out of 1200 people taking my psych exam , only 61 ( 5%) got a B or higher . Yeah , I got a B . 
Little < PROPFIRST > told me today that one of his friends \chewed on a big pickle and got swine flu . \"" 
\Forgiveness is not for pictures . Forgiveness is with food ! \ " - Words of wisdom from Little < PROPFIRST > " 
is glad God is faithful even when we aren't . 
is missing a lot of people rigt now . If you're reading this , there's a 95% < PROPMALE > you can apply it to you . 
is still here . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > ! She's two today ! Crazy how time flies ! 
had a good day today , even with some bad news in between . Looking forward to a good day tomorrow . 
thinks too much , or is it not enough ? I don't know what to do . 
is finally ready for tomorrow . So much to do ... so little time . 
Almost the weekend . Something to look forward to every week at least . 
is going to see \Paranormal Activity\ " today with the kids . This ought to be fun . " 
All joking aside , I am going tricking or treating right now ! 
Col 3:13 - Forgive as the LORD forgave you . 
is missing people . 
Eph . 4:32 - Be kind and compassionate to one another , forgiving each other , just as in Christ God forgave you . 
has about six math lessons to do right now , and that's why I love Facebook . 
Guess who still isn't done with his math ? But I guess it's bedtime . 
Remember , remember , the fifth of November ... 
Prov . 19:11 - A man's wisdom is his < PROPFEMALE > ; is is to his < PROPFEMALE > to overlook and offense . 
Such a beautiful day . Already went to the park , and after naps , I'll probably blow bubbles in the yard for a while . LJ and < PROPFEMALE > love bubbles . 
What in the world ? We're all ready for church , and there's almost half an hour before we have to leave ! 
So far , the kids haven't gotten out of bed once . After I read to them , they just stay in bed . I'm good with that . 
is busy , but needs to be busier ? 
Rom 12:21 - Do not be overcome by evil , but overcome evil with good . 
< PROPMALE > 40:8 - The grass withers and the flowers fall , but the word of our God stands forever . 
is excited that he's understanding his calculus again . It's been a couple of weeks , but now we're getting somewhere ! 
Rom 1:16 - I am not ashamed of the gospel , because it is the power of God for the salvation of everyone who believes . 
had a great day with the kids . Need to rest up for another good one tomorrow . I love these kids so much . 
Hurray for homework ! I'm actually doing pretty good today , almost done . 
Just got out of classes for the WEEK . Yeah , you heard me . Sweet . 
Heading to downtown Chicago . Gotta show a friend the best pizza place in the city . 
is having a good weekend . It's not perfect , but that would take a miracle , so it's pretty good ! 
Dear friends and family , I love you . Hope you have a sweet day ! 
I can't believe it's time for finals . I've almost got 18 more credits under my belt ! 
Is done with one class . I needed a 35/50 on the final to get an A in the class , and I think I may have pulled it off . 
THREE finals today , and two papers ! Hurray for the end of the semester ! 
only two finals left to go , but one of them is a HUGE percentage of my grade , soI've got to study up . I wish I had internet access at my house . I gotta get on that . 
Definitely know that I got an A in two classes so far . Another I'm pretty sure about . That's 3 A's outta six classes probaby . Sweet . 
Finished putting up the Christmas tree , and got some lights and ornaments for it . Should be lit up by tonight ! 
4 A's , 1 B , and one possible B or C ! I feel just fine about taking 18 credits ! 
Okay , final grades ... 4 A's , 2 B's . That's the most classes I could take at once and I'm super happy about that . 
Psalm 119:67 , 71 - Before I was afflicted I went astray , but now I obey your word . It was good for me to be afflicted so that I might learn your decrees . 
I have a lot to do , and very little ambition to do it . I miss people right now . 
Well , a new year , and a new semester , and thank God for computer labs ... 
Why does it cost hundreds of dollars to buy the books necessary to take classes that I'm already paying thousands of dollars for ? Does that make sense to anybody ? 
All of a sudden I'm super busy . 
Anybody want to help with calculating vectors for physics right now ? Anyone ? 
tired today , but it was well worth seeing some friends . 
can't figure it out . 
It's Doppelganger week ; change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status . ( I never do these things , but this one was just funny ) 
It's so random to see < PROPMALE > Wood every time I open my facebook . 
I never feel like my weekend is long enough . Not enough time with kids , not enough time for homework , Bible studies , you name it . Weekends need to be like , 5 days , and weekdays two . 
Life is hard work sometimes , and that's fine , but lately I've been feeling kind of bummed by the paychecks . 
Congratulations to my sister-in-law < PROPFEMALE > Cervantes for gettting an oppurtunity to start her missionary journey . Good luck in NC . 
Hurray for homework time ! 
I don't know when , or how , but my homework was erased off my USB . That is not good . First time for everything , right ? 
Is it okay that I took a bubble bath last night , and while soaking , I read my physics book ? 
knows this isn't going to happen without love . 
is not excited about this Friday . Please pray for me and my family . If you want to know more , get ahold of me . 
Stop right there , that's exactly where I lost it . See that line , well I never should've crossed it . Stop right there , well I never should've said that . It's the very moment that I wish that I could take back . I'm sorry for , the person I became . I'm sorry that , it took so long for me to change . I'm ready to , to never became that way again . Cuz who I am hates who I've been , who I am hates who I've been . 
Finally , all of you , be sympathetic , love as brothers , be compassionate and humble . Do not repay evil with evil or insult with insult , but with a blessing , because to this you were called so that you may inherit a blessing . ( 1 Pet 3:8 , 9 ) 
Lots of birthdays this month , including my dad ( < PROPMALE > Knowlton ) on Sunday and my mother-in-law ( < PROPFEMALE > Suchwalko Tarantino ) on Saturday . Happy birthday to all of you born in this fine month ! 
I love physics lab reports . They're the BEST ! 
is not excited about school right now , but is excited about spring break next week . 
Is not feeling well . Think I got something from my kiddos . 
loves his kids , so , so much . 
Happy \It's an awesome day to be an Irishmen\ " Day " 
I don't normally do this , but please look at my profile picture . 
\What saves a man is to take a step . Then another step . \ " - C.S. < PROPFIRST > ( a great man from Ireland ) " 
I miss my babies . 
School seems to be just flying by . Just over a month left and I'll be done with another semester . 
is not having fun today . Are we supposed to always be having fun ? 
What a day . Broken tooth . Rip in my favorite pants . Teacher hated my presentation . Up late studying , but still not sure about test . Ugh . 
A man once < PROPFEMALE > from the dead . 24,633 manuscripts to verify it . It's worth taking a look at . 
Had about as good a weekend as I could . Now it's time to get on with my schoolwork . 
11 months today . Please continue to pray for my family , and thank you to those of you that have . 
hates having homework when he wants to be spending time with the kids . Gotta power through it ! 
finally got that paper finished . Hurray , that leaves another good hour to spend with the kids :( 
Missing all my friends from Sandpoint/Coeur d'Alene today , and some of you Republicans as well . 
\No good can come from Spacebook . \ " - Mr. Hewitt " 
Almost done with this semester . About 6 more classes , and it looks like only three finals . Yes ! 
Had a good weekend with the kids . Just a couple weeks to go til summer ! 
Looks like I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with the kiddos again today ! Hurray ! 
loves doing anything with his kids . 
Today is the anniversary of the worst day of life , but it lead to me being the best man I've ever been . I wish it never happened , but that somehow I learned everything anway . 
I hope all the mothers out there had a great day yesterday ! I know I did . Anytime with the kids is good ! And thanks to < PROPFIRST > Schuster for the great lunch and company ! 
Why does it seem like the ' good times ' never last as long as the ' bad times . ' 
I haven't had this much time off in quite a while , but I'm sure it's just a fluke . The rest of my summer should be pretty busy . 
So ..... not having the internet isn't always a bad thing .... but sometimes it's not fun . 
I feel like I'm working all the time , but not making any money . Anybody else ? 
I am my own affliction . 
OH happiness , there's grace ! Enough for us and the whole human race ! 
Almost Father's Day , and I still haven't gotten my dad a card or anything . I need to get on that . 
I did not realize that kids ' stomachs hold so much stuff . < PROPFIRST > threw up twice this morning , and it was ALL over the floor . He feels better now though ! 
Praying for < PROPMALE > Cervantes and Uganda . 
My friends and family are amazing people . I love them . 
God has shown me that I am loved by many . You cannot put a price on that ! 
1 Cor 13 : 4Love is patient , love is kind . It does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . 5It is not rude , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps no record of wrongs . 6Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . 7It always protects , always trusts , always hopes , always perseveres . 8 Love never fails . 
Weekend with the kids . Love it . It's almost a full one too , which is the first time in a long time . 
Watched Fantastic Mr. Fox with the kids for free at the park . It was such a great time . Almost a perfect day , really . 
4 days worked - over 57 hours cleaning or tearing out carpet . Welcome to my new job . Came home early today - only worked 12 and 1/2 hours . Shortest day yet . 
Haven't been on facebook for a long time , because in the last 2 weeks I've worked 140 hours or so . It's been much needed though , and I think it'll slow down to a ' normal ' pace relatively soon . 
Having a great time hanging out with my dad ! < PROPMALE > Knowlton 
For what gives you the right to make such a judgement ? What do you have that God has not given you ? And if everything you have is from God , why boast as though it were not a gift ? 1 Cor 4:7 ( NLT ) 
The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit ;\ 
a broken and contrite heart , O God , you will not despise . Psalm 51:17 
Taking < PROPFIRST > to his Kyuki-do class tonight . I love being with these little crazy kids . 
I'm going to be honest with you , nobody loves their kids more than I love mine . There , I said it . 
Every morning , as surely as the sun rises , is a new opportunity to be the person God wants you to be TODAY . 
< PROPFEMALE > is wearing her ' Da Bears ' shirt , in anticipation of the game tonight . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Blaney 
So hard to focus on the positive sometimes . I miss too many people too often . 
Therefore , since we have so great a cloud of witnesses surrounding us , let us also lay aside every encumbrance and the sin which so easily entangles us , and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us , ( Heb 12:1 ) 
My daughter turned 3 recently . How in the world did that happen ? I love my little ones so , so much . 
You are more than the choices that you've made , You are more than the sum of your past mistakes , You are more than the problems you create , You've been remade . 
I love you and miss you ! ( if you're wondering if this was meant for you , then the answer is an emphatic YES ! ) 
My son turns 5 in 6 days . That's just downright crazy ! 
Let's start doing something awesome , today . 
Still here . 
Let's get ready for some snow . 
Going to Idaho with the kids in late March ! Super excited ! 
< PROPFIRST > Perkins said it right , \Love is the final fight \"" 
Busy , busy , busy are the Bokononists . 
Idaho ! I missed you ! 
