I'll take the cup of good cheer , but what exactly is Figgy Pudding ??? 

6 beers and 2 shots in 
30 mins east coast 
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! ( EAST COAST ) 
Happy New Year ( West Coast ) 
And with that , I call it a night ... 
Been away for a while , not by choice I just paid my phone < PROPMALE > so now I got my internet service back ... Thanks T-Mobile ... FUCKERS !!! 
Quick stop in bakersfield think I got about 230 < PROPMALE > to go but im about to stop somewhere cause this sleepyness is rediculous 
Made it to stockton that's the good thing , bad thing car fuckd up as soon as I got to my aunts house so now I gotta catch the bus ... Shit 
Taking the bus sucks 
Today is gonna be a boring day 
I am bored out of my MIND !!! 
This black < PROPFEMALE > -Lime vitamin water taste like koolaid ... I just paid 2 dollars for a bottle of < PROPFEMALE > koolaid 
My aunt just gave me two of the smallest pieces of chicken known to man ... quit playn where's my plate ... oh ! This is my plate ( sigh ) 
Life sucks when you're broke 
I just heard my 12 yr old cousin singin rihanna's \Rude Boy\ " word for word ... Damn ol fast ass lil girl " 
Im having a party inside my head , everyones invited . I only have 1 beer tho so , you're on your own for drinks 
Sold my car finally !!! 
I get to say goodbye to stockton May 4th god I can't wait 
T minus 8 days in counting until im up out this bitch 
I just got cheesy chip dust n my eye . Its worst than a paper cut ... help me baby jesus 
1 more day in stockton woohoo !!! 
I just found out my neighbor is a murderer 
She shot her sister in law stole and put her in the car and drove around with her in the car until she died 
Its official !!! Im up out this bitch . Im on the greyhound leaving stockton 
FINALLY MADE IT TO N.C. !!! 
Me and this humidity is gone be fightin in a minute ... shit cool down already 
no bueno !! 
Im feeling very blah-ish right about now 
These storms down south aint no joke 
I need to figure out how to link my facebook and twitter accounts together , cause all this updating is a bit too much ! 
I dont think Midol likes me anymore 
WOW im drunk ... Happy 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAMA !!! 
5/2010 she would have been 49 today east coast time that is ! 
5/22/2010 
About to watch the new Nightmare On Elm Street 
Im so bad i can bitch slap a backhanded compliment 
Finally got my phone < PROPMALE > paid ... In just enough time to pay it again in 4 days ... shit 
Procrastination is just like masturbation ... Everything is all good til you realized you fucked yourself 
Shit I don't feel good , im pretty sure I drank to much . I know if I throw up I'll feel sooo much better 
Whew so much better 
I hate hangovers , im just as naseaus if not more than I was last night and on top of that it feels like there's a demon in my stomach break dancing ... This shit sucks 
I've never been able to throw my hands in the air and wave em like I just don't care ... I guess I just care too much 
7-11 is gonna start selling their own brand beer called \Game Day\ " doesn't matter what game it is ... If you drink that beer you're a loser " 
It takes fewer muscles to smile then to frown ... but it takes even fewer muscles to give the finger to whoever made you frown 
Had 2 beers and a late lunch messed around and got the itis ... Time for some sleep 
North < PROPFEMALE > weather is so unpredictable , it was just < PROPFEMALE > and hot as hell 5 minutes ago ... Now its raining WTF Weather make up your mind !! 
Its about 3AM here in N.C. So im calling it a night G'night facebook friends & family 
Just waking up from a much needed power nap , now im bout to go to the store get sum beer and wait for this game to come on to watch it with my brother 
That Game was very VERY DISAPPOINTING !!! 
Guess its time for some Gears Of War2 
Watchn Scarface 
Stupid chicks annoy me 
Happy 31st Birthday to my little big brother 
I think I sprained my thumb ... No Bueno 
Yep I sprained my thumb 
Playn some Uncharted for PS3 
Watchn the Three Stooges 
So far the only thing I've gotten out of living in North < PROPFEMALE > is nose bleeds and being close to having heat strokes . 
Everytime I cough it feels like my lungs are on fire and being stabbed at the same time ... Being sick sucks balls 
Still coughing up my lungs 
Holy Crap Balls Batman !!! 
To Catch A Predator ... Oh how I love thee 
Why are u shootn its the 4th not New Years ... One of the many perks of livin in tha hood 
i have officially become mosquito food 
God if u please let me get through this day I swear I will never drink again 
Just broke my promise ... im drinking again 
This beer got me pissin like a race horse 
Wait should I have said peeing ? Well im not very lady like so pissing it is ... Deal with it 
Wakin up today with no hangover , feelin good 
All of outside smells like fried chicken , I think I could get full just by sniffm the air 
Its storming ... again ( sigh ) 
tryna clean out my computer and tune it up its moving real slow.it needs a lil pick me up 
Oh You Fancy Huh 
The shit just got real ! 
Is buzzing right about now 
I almost broke my back tooth eating a baked potatoe ... I shouldn't be allowed to eat without parental supervision 
< PROPMALE > head ache issues ... MAJOR !!! 
Why am I just now discovering Bad Girls Club ... this show is the shit 
No more facebook til the middle of next week , that's when the cell < PROPMALE > will be low enough to pay ... Thanks T-mobile , U suck . This Two and a half year relationship is about to come to an end . New phone new service 
Old School bologna and cheese sandwhich 
i hate my schedule , went to bed at 5am this morning and had to wake up at 8 and work . Maybe i should learn how to put the xbox controller down and take my ass to sleep 
Trying to take care of some business and get things done before my brother wakes up and wants the internet piece back 
My aunt dont seem to understand its hot as hell upstairs , lord why does she keep turning off the air conditioner 
Blah 
My sleeping scheduel is lame , im gonna be up all night now . Guess im bout to spend some time with my good friend Mr. xbox 360 
Anybody know how you delete your myspace account ? 
i took 2 midol 30 mins ago and they still havent kicked in yet . anybody got a vicodin or a horse tranqualizer ? i need to be knocked out these cramps is killing me 
Good Morning FB or should i say good night ... im goin to bed 
Super Duper Hangover Status 
a little NBA 2K 10 then off to bed 
its 11pm and im just waking up , had nothing but bad dreams of gangsters tryna kill me ... maybe i should stop listening to 2pac before i go to sleep 
3:42 AM what to do what to do hmmm ... Gears of War 2 it is . Anybody up can come get some xbox live 
trying to sleep and theyre puttting in new counters and cabnets . starting the day off with a head ache ... yay 
G'D night FB.im actually going to sleep on time for once ... kinda 
so long FB . until we meet again ... or at least until the internet or my phone gets turned on which ever comes first 
night night FB fam 
cant get my phone turned on til the 6th . damn this is gonna be the longest 3days of my life 
The kid is back ! Phone < PROPMALE > is paid finally 
Beer Time 
I think im on the verge of being fit\ 
\ 
shaced 
I gotta stop smoking , I climbed about 8 stairs and it feels like I just ran a 24k 
Who else besides me is waiting for Halo reach ? 
Contacted all my old high schools , should be getting my transcripts in a couple days , after all the paper work is here my butt will be heading off to school to get that good ol G.E.D wish me luck folks 
My phone is acting super retarded ... my Side Kick is slippin 
What in the hell was Canada doing on season 5 of < PROPFEMALE>'s best dance crew ? they didn't win but still . isn't it called AMERICA'S best dance crew 
Pro : Living in the south gives u an excuse for eating a shit load of ice cream . Con : Being lactose intalorent and eating a shit load of ice cream ... Big mistake 
Really TLC , do you really have a show called pregnant at 70 ... Really ? 
Keep it moving people , nothing to see here 
Wow the VMA's are on Mtv and VH1 and so far < PROPFEMALE > handler is sucking on both channels 
Time sure does fly by when you doin nothing but playing video games all day . 
12hrs straight of Halo Reach , I think I can go 12 more ... somebody pass the coffee 
Im down for the count , good night FB 
My aunt keeps the tv on LMN . I've never watched so much lifetime in my own lifetime 
People kill me sometimes ... wow 
It's 1:05 am . im callin it a night pretty early ... well for me anyway 
Im thrown a party tonight people , what ya'll bringin ? 
Lol they brought off brand soda , instead of it being called mountain dew its called moutain lion 
Michigan State won WooHoo 
Why am I up so early (- __ -) I don't have to be at work until tonight so there is no excuse 
And with that being sa-zzzzZZZ 
Alright im officially up 
Fucking aye ! 
I wish my brother would hurry the fuck up , he got me over here sittin in this hot ass house 
Slow ass internet connection 
Cricket service is the equivalent of having internet service through metro ... Shitty 
Wasted 
< PROPFIRST > Scissor Hands is on yaaay 
Just when you think you're in the clear they bust into song ... I hate musicals 
Well not hate , strongly dislike 
What do you wanna do before you die ? 
Rain Sucks Donkey Balls 
Don't you hate when you're thinking of something , and it just WILL NOT come to you 
I just did the mexican hat dance on my shirt , trying to kill a spider . but I don't think its dead ... im scared that I've angered it and its gonna attack me in my sleep 
Lets go Michigan State . 20 to 10 in the 3rd quarter . LETS GOOO !!!! 
Come on < PROPFEMALE > ! Damn ! 
TOUCHDOWN !!!!! Good one Cousins 
WOO HOO !!! 
5-0 undifeated thas what's up Spartens 
FLUTE SOLO ! 
Phones gonna be off at 3am EST until god only knows when so tryna get all my txts and emails out tonight 
Good Nite Facebook . Until we meet again ... 
Chillin with my little big brother today 
catch ya'll on the flip side 
Not having a phone really sucks donkey balls ... Im just sayin 
Booo , its raining 
lol i cant get that song out my head ATTENTION PEOPLE OF FACEBOOK : if you have not seen or heard Bed Itruder , please go to youtube . i promise it will put a smile on your face . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKsVSBhSwJg&feature=channel 
When im alone in my room , sometimes i stare at the wall and in the back of my mind i hear my conscience call 
what a day ! calling it a night ... Night Night FB peeps 
The kid is back ! 
I still to this day don't understand why I have to wait until november to watch a halloween episode of the simpsons ... It baffles me 
I planned on eating dinner before bed some fried chicken rice and gravy . I ate my rice but im falling asleep in my chicken so I think its time to call it a night ... Night FB 
This day light savings is already fucking me up 
I have NEVER walked so much in my entire 24 years of living ... NEVER AGAIN !!! 
My feet feels like I've walked over hot coals , then run over by a semi , then hit with hammers ... 
This fool had me out there exploring like we were < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > or somethin . 
Aboslutely everything about my day so far has been completely inappropriate 
When I die I wanna be reincarnated as Dog The Bounty < PROPMALE > . 
I was one swing away from dislocating my shoulder . I gotta sit down , this kinect is too much for one day 
My shoulder is super duper stiff , it hurts like crazy . I never knew video games could be so painful . 
It should be against the law how much I ate for dinner . But it was some good ass soul food so imma let it slide . 
WTF is this Q&A shit ? 
Is it 20 questions or a bootleg formspring ? 
A storm is abrewin 
Its kinda hard to believe in a tornado warning when its been the theird one this week 
Damn im getting old . Today in exactly 4 months I will be 25 . Where in the hell has the time gone ? 
Special needs kids are not sick or gross , They only want what we all want : To be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this & leave it as your status for at least an hoour ? It is Special Education Week and this is in honor of all kids made in a unique way . 
Smoke Break !!! 
Im bout to take out my net and catch some zzz's . G'dnight fb fam 
ATTENTION ALL FB FRIENDS AN FAM !!! Please be advised , im helping my aunt cook for thanksgiving so please be on the look out , I may need medical and fire response cause I can't cook worth a damn and I may need the fire department and ambulance ASAP so have em on stand by and send them to N . Carolina if necessary 
Sittn here watchin Alladin haha 
I dnt even remember falling asleep , damn slight head ache . Drunk 1 too many beers . Woo , Happy Thanksgiving Yall 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING YALL 
Back To The Future Marathon anyone ? 
Alright I am officially done eating thanksgiving food , I can't even look at it anymore . 
I just fell UP the stairs smh ... Where they do that at ! 
I think my brain just threw up 
Anybody else listenin to Pink Friday ? If so what do ya'll think ? I just got it today 
Its snowin and cold as hell outside 
2 pamphlets I seen on Glee that I don't think I would ever see in a real guidance counselors office : < PROPFEMALE > My Privets & Im In Love With My Step Dad . 
There was no fortune in my cookie ... What does that mean ? 
They're thinking about turning < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Neverland Ranch into a music school 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all and to all a good night . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
I got my first white christmas . 
Its been 1 year today that my mom passed away ... I miss her , but I know she's in a way better place . 
First shot of < PROPFEMALE > kill ya ... It Begins ... 
Grand adventures await those who are willing to turn rhe corner <-- My Fortune . Guess it's making up for my last cookie that didn't have a fortune in it . 
Disco Stu ! 
Most normal people would of went to bed a loooong time ago ... Guess im not normal 
damn im blind , my glasses need glasses 
Nothing changed , I'm still a Pisces . 
Spendin some time with my 360 , it's been feeln a bit neglected lately 
I don't know if I wanna hop on the 360 or go to bed . I've been up since 10 last night 
I still dont know if i should play another game or take my ass to bed , hmm ... 
That 5hr energy worked TOO good , i dont even remember falling asleep last night 
U can do everything else on a iPod touch except send a MSG on facebook . WTF this is some bull 
Man I can't wait to get paid so I can get my xbox gold subscription back 
I think I could go for a power nap 
April fools !... Got that outta the way Early , now I don't have to worry about it . 
Its been a chill sunday , some beers , some 360 , ordered some dinner . Time to coast until I go to bed 
My brother asked me what do I wanna order for dinner , we just ordered and ate somethin . This dude is tryna get me precious fat 
Frustrated 
Well this is a suprise ... 
Uh oh hot dog 
Besides my sister I know not one Gross , either I was too young and dnt remember them or I've never met them . 
I remember as a little kid I use to be terrified of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s Thriller Video , lol I would hide on the couch whenever it came on 
What the HELL is < PROPFIRST > Wonder doin at the all < PROPFEMALE > game ? 
Somebodies got the munchies ... I wonder why ??? 
Can u call grand theft auto 4 a throw back now ? 
My shirt smells like cigarettes and fabric softner . Lol don't mind me y'all I'm lifted at the moment 
Fuck this I'm goin back to sleep 
What a night so many cops in one area damn , glad im finally home . 
... yeah 
Gettn dressed then off to < PROPMALE > world ... Somebody remind me to get some\ 
more peanuts later lol thanks . 
3 more hrs then I can go home and get in the bed 
It smells like somebody sharted in the break room . Somebody needs to check they pants asap 
Clocked outta the work clock now im bout to clock into this bed and do some over time 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is doin dancin with the stars lolol that's Hilarious 
There are two kinds of people in this world : Those who finish what they start and 
Woman's History Month ? 
Peanuts and strawberry orange < PROPFEMALE > delight . Odd combination yet so good 
You know that tightness in your muscles the day after a good workout ? You can get the same feeling drinking for two days straight 
If I ever make a puckered-lips-kiss-face in a picture , please feel free to punch me in the face 
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police 
The McLobster ? Seriously ? That shit looks so disgusting . It looks like somebody chewed a bunch of food and spit it out on a hot dog bun 
Who was the asshole that came up with the mclobster ? 
Done messed around and slept all day now im up for the rest of the night 
I don't know if I wanna watch the home shopping network or this nuoven infomercial . Those are the only two things that seem to be on at 4am . 
BORED !!!!! 
This whole month of march is lookn good for the kid . Phone < PROPMALE > is paid plus I found a brand spankn new xbox gold membership card ( 1 month ) the kid is back ... At least til April lol 
Belly full of food , now it's time for some Halo Reach 
shit cant fall back to sleep , might as well play some box 
Rest In Peace Donnis Edwards you will definately be missed 
Today is my aunts birthday good ol 46 or 45 to be perfectly honest with you I don't know how old that women is ... Anywho , Happy Birthday Nette 
Bout to call it a day <--- that took me like 15 mins to type out , I was dozing off with my iPod in my hand ... don't judge me , I'm just extremely tired 
Got out the shower not to long ago , felt clean and refreshed . 2 mins later stepped in my nieces puke ... Not feelin so clean and refreshed anymore 
I love me some sleep . I think I'll get some right now , night fb 
My eyes are open , but I am not awake 
Some people wake and bake , I wake and halo 
I'm on that < PROPFIRST > sheen ... WINNING ! 
Beer Flowin and Halo Playn ... My kinda day 
These walls are so thin I can hear the next door neighbors whole phone conversation , both talking and recieving ends . 
I wanna go next door and give this lady a halls . She may need something stronger cause her cough sound down right unhealthy 
Goin to bed , catch y'all on the flip side 
Extreame Super < PROPFEMALE > 
I am beyond sleepy , how the he'll am I still awake ? I should be passed out in the corner somewhere . 
Watching Dark Wing Duck 
Who remember secret squirrel ? That was my shit 
I say its time for some alcohol ... its 5 o'clock somewhere 
Im in love with < PROPFIRST > jane/she's my main thang/she makes me feel alright/she makes my heart sang 
So im in a 18 wheeler and it gets stuck in the snow . 12 hrs later tow truck comes and it gets stuck in the snow 1 1/2 later we're both out and on the road . Just something I was goin through this time last year ... Ahh memories 
I got smoke in my eye ... and it hurts like a MUTHA 
Happy Birthday to me ... East Coast time anyway 
Conversation with my aunt . Nette : Happy Birthday ... Me : Im not a baby anymore ... Nette : You wasn't a baby yesterday shit . Lol 
Happy Bday to me ( west coast time ) 29 minutes late 
Before I get to sauced up and forget . I wanna thank everybody for the birthday wishes its much apperciated 
Bday was offically over 40 mins ago on the east coast . But I'm partyn like I still live in Cali 
Had a great bday yesterday . Woke up < PROPMALE > over , sad thing is I don't remember falling asleep 
Homemade shrimp fried rice . Why yes thank you 
Sittn in the laundromat ... Not fun 
Woke up with a cold ... Awesome 
I hate being sick 
I feel miserable , I hate being sick 
Me , this lady and her baby are signing up for G.E.D classes ... Babies gotta learn too 
No more stuffy nose ... kinda 
I reckn it's time for me to hit the hay 
Alcohol poisoning ... yay fun 
Played some kinect today , shoulders already getting stiff . Gonna pay for it in the morning 
Ke$ha looks like she's a dirty girl . And not the < PROPMALE > Dyrdek kind of Dirty Girls , she's like the dirty girl that doesn't shower regulerly 
Ooouch my arm ... and my back ... and my hip . I need some icy/hot ASAP 
