Happy New Year :) 

Gym time with my personal devil ! ( trainer ) :) I heart/hate her ! :) 
wants to travel EVERYWHERE !!! :) 
I want to travel ... go back to school ... pay off some debt ... get in the best shape of my life ... too much for 2010 ? Nah , not resolutions , life changes . :) 
Needs a netbook ... :( 
Sick sick sick ! Sicker than sick ! Boo :( 
at home sick ... :( 
not even sure ... 
readying myself to move forward ... 
seems to be perpetually with the flu ... 
is soooo freakin ' bored !!! Too sick to move , eat or do anything active so I'm stuck in bed :((((((((( AHHHH !!!! 
I am healthy , wealthy and well ! 
is so super impressed with men right now ! Fuck ' em ! 
thinks I should become a lesbian . 
Feels better now that a plan has been set in place . 
Today was sooooo much better than yesterday ! Very pleased I found the silver lining ! 
Decided to wear a TON of bright colors today ... Yellow , Pink , Orange ... I believe I put them together so they look like an outfit but who knows ... either people are secretly laughing or they mean it when they say they like it . Either way I'm receiving a v 
Is < PROPFEMALE > pleased with her suddenly busy schedule ! If only I felt a bit better ... < PROPFEMALE > n ! :D 
Is work until 3:30 and then hanging out with < PROPFIRST > . ( Here's hoping this medicine kicks in soon ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Fawcett AND < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in ONE DAY ??!! Who's next ??? 
Had a lovely time catching up with < PROPFIRST > , eating stinky cheese and tooling around Seattle . 
is possibly dying ... feel like crap warmed over this morning ... 
feels like butt this morning ... :P 
wants a cuddle < PROPMALE > . Any takers ? 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Is anyone else as stoked as I am that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > are coming to Key Arena in November ?? Who wants to pay an exorbitant amount for tickets with me ????!!! :D 
must ... wake ... up ... on my way to work . 
Who's got the French version of the < PROPFEMALE > Stone ? Me !!! That's who !!! 
can't wait to be able to exercise again !!!! When may I go to the gym ??? When ??? 
Wants a piece of < PROPFEMALE > pie for the 4th .... does not want to make any though lol .... hmm ... 
is currently in a man hating mood . 
why are men emotionally void ? 
is stronger and more empowered . It never fails to amaze me how fantastic my friends are , even if I haven't seen them in a year ! Thank you ! 
Happiness can be found , even in the darkest of times . If only one remembers to turn on the light . - Dumbledore- < PROPMALE > Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban 
What kind of band plays snappy music ? A rubber band .... ( off of my firecracker popsicle stick ... hmm .. ) 
Worked 6:30 -3pm ... now off to my next job 5-9 ... 
Back to brown hair ... 
misses Los < PROPFEMALE > ... never thought I'd say that .. I think I just miss my friends . :) 
Hmm ... looking to stay busy during my free time .... Anyone know of some ideas ? 
Hmm .. I want to go back to school .. in New York preferably ... I'd also like to move back to Los < PROPFEMALE > and work on acting again ... I'd also like to travel to Europe , the pyramids , and Peru .... and learn to scuba dive ... How do I do all of this ? I need a 
Maybe brunette's have more fun ... I am getting MUCHO positive feedback from guys ... 
Oh my .... I think I may get a puppy ! Must not get too excited too soon ... 
just signed up for night classes in the fall ... now I just have to come up with tuition money ... 
too ... hot ... to ... go ... to ... gym .... bah .... going ... anyway ... 
Is soooo freaking busy as of late ... and I think my personal trainer wants to kill me ... at least it feels that way ... * ouch * 
107 degrees at the Honda dealership ... hmm ... 
mmm .. cold showers .... ahhh relief ! 
Wedding 11:30 this morning !... Not sure I could ever get married that early in the morning , but to each their own . :) 
Very burnt ... but had a nice day with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > yesterday ! 
managed to give herself a papercut on her lip by licking an envelope ... now that's talent . 
sooo ready to take off on her dream trip to Egypt .. planning started ... money .. well , it will take a bit of time ... 
Sigh ... I want a puppy so much ! :( 
People are morons when it comes to the opposite sex ... why is that ? 
Hard to get up this early on a Saturday ... I would prefer to sleep till noon .... but ... I'm getting a < PROPFEMALE > today !!! Whoo hoo ! Catapalooza here I come ! 
My kitten just pooped on my freshly laundered sheets .... right up by the pillows ... then promptly tried to bury it with the pillows .... it's going to be a long ride ... lol 
Finally decided in my kitten's name .... da da da daaaaa .... Finnegan 
< PROPFEMALE > kept me up all night ... very very tired . 
Ok ... my room officially stinks ... This new little kitten is successfully using the litter box , which I clean ALL the freakin ' time ... my other cat doesn't smell the house up ... What is the deal ??!!! 
sigh ... do NOT want to go to my personal training session tonight ... :) 
Just watched < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s Infinite Playlist and I think I'm in love ! So cute ! Was very surprised ! 
Sooooo ecstatic to be going to Spain with < PROPFEMALE > in November ! 
Soooo .. tired ... puppies are sooooo much work . 
My puppy went poop in the right spot on her own !!!!! :D :D :D 
Had fun laughing with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! It was nice to be out and about and share some wine . :) 
is very upset she needs to find a new home for < PROPFEMALE > ... :( 
had a very busy day 9 hour day at work , an appointment and then home to run the puppy's energy down .... I'm pooped ... Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Ok .. what the hell ... Does anyone know about crate training dogs ??? I've had her for three weeks and I thought we were doing well , she'd never gone to the bathroom in her crate , then two nights in a row she pee'd in there .. :( What do/did I do ?? Help ! Please ? 
Got her passport in the mail yesterday ! :) Dad canceled the trip to Europe next summer ... also yesterday ... :( 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Swayze . :( 
Puppy is nearing potty training completion !!! Whoo hoo !!! Communication is becoming successful ! :) 
Mmmm veggie thai pizza 
Knee injury has caused my trainer to start training me in the pool ... she is kicking my non-swimming ass with things I never thought of doing in a pool !... and who thought it would be so hard to find a bathing suit this time of year ???!!! I ended up with an ugly ass speedo ... great if I go pro lol 
Ok ... so , I know I'm way behind the times ... but I just discovered The Office and am in love ... :D 
Okay ... my trainer seriously kicked my ass today ... I think my arms may fall off .. Yay ! :) ( I assume pain is the goal to success . ;) 
I have raw knuckles from boxing .... didn't realize how much I bump/scrape them a day until now ... will they ever heal ? Stay tuned ... 
Ok ... I live in a HUGE apartment complex and had NO Trick or Treater's last night .... do all parents take their kids to malls these days ??! 
Mmm ... veggie pho ... 
I don't wanna wake up . I'm a sleepaholic . There's a million dreams that I could have if I could sleep in !.... Ah Monday , you come too early .... 
Got a weird cat tube and pop up house for my < PROPFEMALE > ... He LOVES it ... he and the puppy are hiding , pouncing and attacking all over the place ! 
Just had two pieces of pizza with a TON of garlic cloves on them ... now I feel like it's seeping out my pores !... attractive no ? 
Staying far away from the Black Friday madness !!! However ... want to go to the gym today and wondering if there will be any parking there .... 
Nothing sexier than confidence ! 
Oh you delicious little Christmas time oranges ... oh how I love thee ... 
< PROPFEMALE > happy I'm not working today !! :) ..... will be tomorrow though ... :( 
I can't even express how much I love the snow !!! First snowflakes today !! Just need a fire and a glass of wine ! 
My nice < PROPFEMALE > just filleted my hand while I was holding him ! All because my mean < PROPFEMALE > didn't like the fact I was holding nice < PROPFEMALE > and decided to bite his tail ... 
always feels awful to hear of another death in hollywood . :( RIP < PROPFEMALE > Murphy . 
My dad show'd up on Christmas ... weird ... I drank a lot of wine to fill the awkward silences ... now I'm sloshed and he's on his way home , sigh , another lovely holiday with family disfunction . 
mmm ... my taste is too expensive for my wallet ... 
My phone is still on the < PROPMALE > , not receiving text messages or VM .... not sure about calls if I missed them ... it's just messed up ... :( Please be patient until I'm able to afford a new one . :) 
Doesn't feel ready to go back to work tomorrow ... :( 
Thinking about doing the breast cancer 3 day , anyone interested in signing up with me ? 
Purple 
I need all of the seasons of The Office on DVD ... I instantly feel better after watching it . It's entertainment therapy ! :) 
I'm spaying my doggie next week ... holy moly it's going to cost me a fortune ! They better throw in a bionic arm or something ... 
Sick mom and a sick dog ... sigh ... :( 
is a hopeless romantic ! 
It's Doppelgänger week . Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) that you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status . 
Is feeling icky .. in bed all day and worried about the work that's piling up .. :( 
GO TO URBANDICTIONARY . COM , type in your first name . Copy and paste this as your status and post the first entry for your name under comments ! 
Is looking for an apartment .. and the move out date here is looking weird .. 
Whether to commute from < PROPMALE > to Bellevue twice a day or get a too pricey apartment immediately ... bah .. interesting .. 
I ? Gerbera Daisies , < PROPFEMALE > Gazer Lilies and White Roses !!!!! 
Work , work , work ... 
Is still in love with Pretty Woman ... It still makes me smile and feel all warm and mushy ! :) 
From what I've heard , I should hate < PROPFIRST>'s Day since I'm single . However , I still love it ! Memories of getting a dorky little < PROPFIRST > in class from the boy you like . :) I'm taking myself to the gym , lunch and a movie today , I love myself ! All my single friends , do something nice for yourself today ! You deserve it ! 
Thank you everyone for the many and wonderful birthday wishes ! I feel well loved indeed ! :D 
Spent two hours at the gym tonight ... feel much better ! Great way to relieve stress ! :) Although I was half tempted to stay another hour .. Does that mean I have too much stress ? 
Sleep then gym ... then maybe a hike it's supposed to be gorgeous tomorrow !!! :D 
Credit cards are the devil ! 
Considering joining a beginners adult soccer team . :) 
Two hours at the gym ... stir fried veggies and movies on a rainy day ! :D 
Having a cup of coffee and it's almost noon .. I may be up all night .. lol ... the funny part is , that's a true statement . 
Exhausted ! 
Better than yesterday , and tomorrow should be better than today . :) 
My trainer took me running outside today , it felt so good to get out in the sun ! 
Off to work . :P I mean , yay ! 
Wants to go shopping very badly ... no money for doing so ... bummer ... 
Reading Great Expectations , surprised I hadn't read it before .. 
OSCARS !!!!!!!!!! 
Miley < PROPMALE > got to present an award ??!! 
Love the way they did the nominations for best actor/actress this year ! ( and highly enjoyed < PROPFEMALE > Bullock's speech ) 
Wiped ! 
Enjoying my cup of coffee before I go to work on a Saturday . 
Who knew there was a Pi day ... okay then ... Happy 3.14159265 ... etc .. day ! 
Maybe I'll move to Berlin ... looks nice ... 
Oh Monday .... you come so quickly ... and early .... 
Am I the only one who dislikes tuna fish and when forced to eat it , pick the \icky\ " parts out of the can first ? " 
Sigh ... Why do I have be a vegetarian that was born with a body that needs meat to work properly ?! -- choked down my first steak in I don't know how long ... not without a few gags ... 
Woke up with a pimple on my nose ... < PROPMALE > in March ... :P 
Aww the radio just played my favorite song in the world !!! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > - The One . :) :) :) 
Bored .. Need to find something to do today ... 
Missing my friends in So . Cal . 
Thinks it's funny how many people have visited Forks because of Twilight . I guess I took it forgranted as a kid . Go Forks ! Good for their economy . :) 
Wow this rain is crazy ! I think we may lose power ! 
Bad chest for welcoming in this horrid bronchitis ! 
I have pneumonia ! WTF ?! Bleh :P 
<3 
UGH My dog chewed through my computer's AC adapter ... had to order a new one but it won't be here for a few days ! How am I supposed to get work done when I can't use my work computer . :( :( :( 
Even though my hair has turned brown as I've grown up ... I still FEEL like a blonde , so damn it I will be ! 
When will this sickness in me die !!!!!! Ugh ! 
cough cough icky icky :P 
Took the codine ... off to bed ... here's to a cough free night :) 
Just gave my dog a bath . Long story short : Dog-Mad , Me-Soaked and Bloody , Bathroom- Angry , Soaked and Bloody 
Ack , why am I up soooo early on a Saturday ... icky :) 
LOVE < PROPFEMALE > Alley's Big Life , she's adorable ! 
Anyone know any inside info into the new 4G iphone that's coming out this year ? I know it's supposed to be in June/July .. has anyone heard anything else ? 
Must do taxes today ... cutting it close ... 
Signed up for the Portland marathon ... That should kick me into gear . 
Saw the most beautiful gardenias today .. now I would like some I can keep at home ... gorgeousness ! 
Thank you for the beautiful pearls secret admirer ... whoever you are . :) 
It's been years since I took any acting classes here in the Seattle area . Does anyone have some good recommendations ? 
Going to bed ... weird that it's still light out ... but I love that when I get to work it's now light instead of dark for a few hours . :) 
Have tix to a few M's games this season ! Yay !!! 
Loves , Loves , LOVES < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Barcelona !!! 
Why in the world has it been so dark out today !!! Seattle needs some sunshine to perk us up ! 
Ok ... so Bare Escentual's Faux Tan is the best fake < PROPMALE > I've tried ... but no matter how fast I apply , how well I think I've rubbed it in ... I still end up looking like I've been playing in orange mud ... sigh . 
Does anyone know of a good financial planner in the Washington area ? 
So sad I'm not going to be able to even hope to see Griffey play tonight . :( 
Nice win tonight M's! Lovin ' the number of bases we stole ! 
Sunshine perfection for today's M's game ! :D 
was picked for the flippin ' StubHub seats at the M's game today w/ < PROPFEMALE > ! Freakin ' awesome !!!! :) 
When it rains it pours ! 
and the pouring continues .. WTF ?! 
fml ... what else can go wrong ? My identity was stolen and I owe $ 8,000 in fraudulent charges !!! 
UGH ! Phone died completely ... T-Mobile wants to charge me full price for a new one and up my contract ... screw that ... cheaper to cancel my service and go elsewhere . :( Anyway , found out that I will no longer have my phone number I've had for the past 6 years when I switch .. stay tuned for a new number . 
Blonder than I've ever been ! Now bring on the sunshine ! 
Pow !... pow ! pow ! 
Cannot wait until the week of the 14th .. I will finally have a phone !!!! :D 
Just got the best email in the world !!! My phone shipped today !!! Not next week ! It's supposed to be here by the 9th !!! YAY !!!! 
Spent my morning chasing a lost welsh corgy on I-90 ... and couldn't catch him :( I feel so horrible ! :( 
Got my iPhone today ! I'm back in the loop ! Same number I had before . :D 
Hoping what I have is just a 24 hour bug . Exhausted and nauseated . 
All < PROPFEMALE > Game is on like flan !!! :D 
Soooo angry .. I was walking my 6 1/2 pound dog in my apartment complex and a lady let her huge dog out without a leash to go to the bathroom and it comes charging at my dog and luckily I reacted quickly enough to pull mine up by the leash but it still bit her .. Never one to fight , I was thankful my dog was safe and got the hell out of there .. now I want to go back and give that woman a piece of my mind ! Some people ! 
Really dislike it when I call to get some help on my insurance policy and I'm outsourced to a different country . :( 
Mariner's game !!!! 
M's game again tonight ! So glad we won one ! :D 
Which Shakespearean Character Would You Be ? -- My Result : Hamlet . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/18690/referrals/status?aid=590669967 
Would like to take my mom to the < PROPMALE > Potter theme park in Florida .. her eyes got so big when she heard about it , I could have sworn she was 5 . 
Who thinks Smart Cars are sexy ?.... that's right , I get to drive one all weekend ... ;) 
Went to my first Seahawks game tonight , with < PROPMALE > . Definitely more energy than a baseball game ! Had a blast ! 
Definitely late to the party but I'm finally experiencing 30 Rock . :) 
Ah how I adore < PROPMALE > Connick Jr. Absolutely cannot wait to see him perform live ! 
Just watched When < PROPMALE > Met < PROPFEMALE > . It's been too long , that movie makes me smile . :) 
So sad baseball season is almost over . :( 
Fire alarm at 3am ... And I picked this week to stay up late everyday . We were evacuated and I'm now at work with my < PROPFEMALE > on my coffee cup . :) hoping my cubicle mates are nice enough to poke me w/ a stick if I start to snore . 
:D 
M's game today on FSN v . Texas . Anyone watching baseball instead of football besides me ? :) 
Bah ! System is down at work ! 
I've been staying up late , what's up with my change of schedule ?! It makes 4:30 come twice as early ! 
Late night ... bed time . :) 
Falling asleep ... Bah ... Want to be done with work . 
Felt super productive today ! :) 
What is going on Mariner's ?! 
Bah working from home is a bust . :( My computer won't remote connect ! 
I like it on my desk , in my car and sometimes on the floor . 
Amazing < PROPFEMALE > this morning !!!.... Is it wrong I can see the < PROPFEMALE > on my WAY to work ?.... I feel like it kinda is ... 
Interesting how everything is so connected . I signed onto my AIM account on my computer for the first time in a year and all of a sudden , the status that is has been of there forever , a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > quote , is updated on here , and shouted on Foursquare .. 
And the scraping of the windshields begins ... Too bad my scraper apparently disappeared ... Guess I'll sit here for a while ... :) 
I'm in such a good mood today ! Not sure what's going on . :) 
Snow ! :) 
Loving the snow ! ... worried about the commute ... :-/ 
Thanksgiving airport craziness ! :) 
Leaving Salt Lake ... 
Looking forward to moving ! ( just not the moving part ) :) 
Excited for San < PROPMALE > !! :) 
Had a wonderful Christmas ! Must it be Monday already ? :) 
Sick :( 
Bedtime , sleep to heal the sickness . 
Had a seriously lovely Sunday ! :) 
Is it really Monday already ?! :-/ 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!!! :) :) :) 
Cooking dinner for my hubby .. me ... cooking ... without a back up plan ... hmm 
Must .. not .. be .. sick .. any .. more !!! 
Ready to feel 100% again ... sickness season is almost over , yes ? 
Absolutely love Sundays !.. and today is the Oscars !!! Sweeeeet ! :D 
Bah doctor today ! What is going on with me ? The sickness came back , full blown ! 
Got my books for school :))) 
iPad 2 !! Yahoo !!! 
Scrubs season 4 ... It's on ... Then some Kindle love ... :) 
< PROPFIRST > Wonder's greatest hits has put a new pep in my step this morning . :) 
Misses her wonderful boyfriend . :( 
Is my cat the only one that hunts me down when he hears me open a yogurt container ? He LOVES yogurt ... 
