dumb < PROPFEMALE > was returned and today he was replaced by two other kittens . They seem to understand what a litter box is for , so I gues that's better than what we had . The black one is < PROPFEMALE > and the other one is London . 

glad to be back home ! 
is vey happy to be done with house payments and even happier to be done with my attorney !!!! 
Just got home from work . I'm very tired . I'm going to the movies this weekend ! Fifteen times ... 
I moved 2,930 pounds of cat litter at work tonight . I'm going to bed . 
Baseball , tennis and bowling with < PROPFIRST > tonight . I'm gonna be sore tomorrow ! 
$225.00 
Not sure where we were , exactly , but when we got above the clouds and fog , it was a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day ! We saw deer and quail and a huge flock of turkeys . Although we didn't find what we were looking for , I'd say our annual hunting trip was a big success . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! Now that the Baby Fair is over , I'll have time to celebrate , althoiugh all I realy want to do right now is sleep for a couple of days ! 
Working from 7:30 am to 5:30 pm , then 10pm to 6am then 7:30 am to 2pm then watching the boys until bedtime is not a very good idea . I'm kinda tired ! 
I just got home from working in Kirkland and I'm now on standby to go to Rhode Island . 
Looks like I'll be in Rhode Island on Sunday . 
Too much work and just not enough tine in a day to get it done ! I forgot how much more time consuming floods inspections are ! 
Really I'm working hard in Rhode Island . I don't have time for farming . Steffany , you make me look like such a slacker !! 
Going home tomorrow morniing . And starting Monday as a Census crew leader . I got released from Rhode Island just in time ! 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? April is cancer awareness month 
Just got deployed to Tennessee . As usual , I have a million things to get done before I leave at five in the morning ... Good thing I'm not the kind of person who worries or likes to plan ahead ! 
Today i fixed a stove , a washing machine , two tv's , a computer , a central air unit and a car . All the fraudulent claims are more depressing than the disaster ! 
Back home from Tennessee . Except for wrecking the rental car , it was a pretty good deployment ! 
Still driving ... It's a LONG way to Boise ! 
Not off to a very good start . < PROPFIRST > almost fell off the second floor walkway at the motel this am . Racked pretty good and some scrapes and bruises but it could have been a lot worse ! 
likes : Morality is doing what is right no matter what you are told ; Religion is doing what you are told no matter what is right . 
I will be SO glad when this job at Sears is finally finished ! 
Last day tomorrow ! Yay !! 
supposed drive-by shooting about six blocks away this afternoon . 
Finally done with Discover project . Work for Pro's Choice for a few hours tomorrow , then ..... NOTHING !! 
Well , maybe not exactly nothing ... I have to fix a broken window at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE>'s apt and start cleaning out the garage so we can get them a new dryer , put plastic on the windows here ... yeah , and a lot of other stuff ... 
3 inches to 1 foot of snow tomorrow !?!! Truck needs new tires ! 
Thanksgiving at < PROPFEMALE>'s today . < PROPFIRST > was having seizures , so < PROPMALE > stayed home with him , but sent the turkey he roasted for us . < PROPFIRST > came over later but couldn't stay awake for long and < PROPMALE > got a plate to go . Poker party after dinner , so the kids all came home with me . We played games and had fun making a jibjab video and now they're all asleep . Thanksgiving d o-o vers will be at my house on Sunday . 
Our furnace quit working . It's COLD in here ! 
Jury duty this week . Trial starts tomorrow . 
Jury duty was interesting . 3 days testimony , abouit an hour of discussion , and a verdict of guilty on both counts . 
Our trip to Seattle to see < PROPFIRST>'s new neurologist was aborted . He had seizures on the plane and we got kicked off . Next available appointment is February 2nd . Interesting how freaked out everybody got ! 
I put a new igniter in the furnace and it actually worked ! But only for about a hour . Bummer !! 
Our furnace works now . I fixed it myself ! ( And got it right , this time ) 
Still sitting in the ER . < PROPFIRST > is sleeping . I wish their chairs were more comfortable . Or the iv would drip a lot faster . Or better yet , I wish I had a glass of wine ... 
Hopefully < PROPFIRST>'s new neurologist will find something that works and will keep us out of here ! 
We're back home . Five hours this time , but the ER doc was terrific ! He wrote the prescriptions < PROPFIRST>'s neurologist has been refusing to refill for him . Missing his appointment last month because he got kicked off the plane for having seizures really messed things up ! 
Prowlers across the street . I've gotta stop staying up so late ! 
The pharmacy refused to fill the prescription written last night by the ER doctor for < PROPFIRST>'s emergency medication . Said they didn't think his neurologist - the old one -wanted him to have it until he sees the new neurologist . What ?? Can they do that ? Just refuse to fill a legitimate prescription ? 
If we hadn't been kicked off the plane in blatant violation of the Air Carrier Access Act , we'd have already seen the new doctor and wouldn't have been in the ER last night and wouldn't be having this problem either . Still waiting to hear back from SWA . 
We made it to Seattle and back today without getting kicked off the plane . < PROPFIRST>'s appointment went well and we LOVE the new doctor . Going back again on the 15th for monitoring in the hospital for maybe a week . This guy is not wasting any time ! 
The bus driver I reported last week has been terminated . When his < PROPFIRST > ended , he nearly forced me over a median , then he sped through a 20mph school zone going about 35mph , then when his < PROPFIRST > ended again , he nearly forced me into oncoming traffic ! I called 911 , and when he pulled up at Glover to pick up kids , I approached him to make sure he was OK . He yelled at me and tried to shut the door on me . ( cont ... ) 
Just about done here . Plenty of seizures have been recorded and < PROPFIRST>'s meds have been restarted . We'll talk to the doctor again tomorrow about what the next step will be , and we'll get out of here Saturday ! 
While I was sitting here bored today , I got another job . :) 
Officially on standby ... 
Many thanks to all my friends who wished me a happy birthday . It was ! 
It's National Book Week . The rules : Grab the closest book to you , copy the 5th sentence on pg 56 as your status . Don't mention the book . Post these rules as part of your status . \ 
\ 
\The possibility of future legal proceedings requires that a _______ be established with respect to the possession and location of physical evidence . \"" 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One FB'r has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you believe in the 2nd Amendment , and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this !!! ... I hope to see this re-posted by a lot by my friends 
