As much as I love the cold weather and snow , It hacks me off when it keeps us from having church !!! AAARRRRGGGHHH !!! 

Yeah !! We are having church at 4 !! See y'all there :o ) 
Back to the daily hum drum of life .... Kinda hard to get a move one after such a great weekend !! 
I'm off in 52 minutes !!! and counting 
I'm Free , I'm Free !!! I'm off till Monday ... Yeah ;o ) 
My ' Turkey ' Man's birthday is Saturday !! They just grow up to fast 
Turk is so excited about his birthday , he wants a scooter and to go see the new Transformers movie . Daddy will take care of the first one and Grandma sent money for the second one !! hehehe 
My boy is 7 today !!!! We are having a great day spoiling him , and he seems to be enjoying it so far too !! 
Hey , thanks everyone who wished Ehren a Happy Birthday !! I let him get on and read them all , which he thought was really cool . ;o ) 
Last day of work this week !! YEAH !! Just about 4 hours and 17 minutes ( Not that I am counting ) ;o ) 
Zip-A-Dee doo da , Zip-a-dee ay !! I am off WOOHOO !!! 
Hi Ho , Hi Ho it's off to work I go !!! hehehe 
Silly Stupid meeting this morning !! Some people should not be allowed coffee and Awesome should be ripped violently from all vocabulary everywhere !!!! 
Is totally ready to enjoy my AWESOME ;p new porch !!! The kids even put their handprints in it !!! < PROPFIRST > .... it is my favorite song .. cause AWESOME is my favorite word !!!!!!!!! hehehe 
Had a great 4th with friends and family ;o ) Little ones even did a few sparklers and got on the roof with Daddy to watch the fireworks in town !!! 
Here we go ... starting a new week !! Busy busy Busy , as if I would change that ;p 
Counting down days till my whole family is getting together for the first time in 4 years !! Just had a reunion on < PROPMALE>'s side a couple of weeks ago , this is an AWESOME summer ;o ) 
Slight change .... had a fantastic time with < PROPMALE>'s family over the last month and now my family is having a reunion in a couple of weeks .... What a spectacular Summer !!! 
Ready for a great weekend !! Getting ready for family .... ;o ) 
Finally cashed in my Mother's Day present yesterday , 4 hours at a day spa ..... IT WAS GREAT !!! 
As Turk keeps counting down the days till he gets to see his other 3 cousins .... < PROPMALE > and I are keeping busy getting ready :o ) 
Turk and < PROPFIRST > say 4 more days !!!! They told me they get to go to < PROPFIRST>' house and only 4 more days till they see their cousins !!! OY ;o ) 
Yeah !! I am starting my vacation !!!! Y'all be good ;o ) 
Vacation is here !!!! ;o ) :o ) ;o ) :o ) 
We are back and it is already time to slip back into the normal routine .... OY !!!! ;o ) 
Yeah !!! I didn't need a root canal after all !!!! Yeah !!! 
Can't wait for the youth meeting this weekend !!!! Woo Hoo !!! 
Now that was a great weekend !!! What a meeting :o ) To top it off I only work Wednesday this week Hehehehe 
OY , back to work , and wouldn't you know my computer decides to have an attitude this morning !! 
Ready to go home ;o ) 
Getting myself motivated to go into town ... really dont want to go anywhere ;p 
Fixin to head outside and work on the yard .. 
We are taking the little ones to the Drive In tonight .... I can't wait , it is going to be so much fun ... 
We had a great time at the drive in !! It was really cool , the littles one loved laying in the back of the < PROPFIRST > while Daddy and I sat outside :o ) 
< PROPFIRST > is excited for her first day of school tomorrow , just not happy that Ehren gets to go to Mrs. < PROPFIRST>' house without her :o ( 
< PROPFIRST > is off for her education and Ehren is at Mrs. < PROPFIRST>' house getting spoiled !! And Me ... well I am at work WhooHoo !! :p 
Fixin to go pick up < PROPFIRST > and see how her first day of school went ;o ) 
< PROPFIRST > had a great first day and really had fun :o ) 
Woo Hoo , laundry day !! :o ) :o ) :o ) Then off to work later 
Really loved spending the day with my Turkey !! Now I am ready to go and play with my family :o ) 
Work Work Work ..... Oy !!! 
is thinking I ought to get to work and stop fooling around on here :o ) 
Gotta go pick up my turkeyman from school ... then back to work 
Fixin to close the office and enjoy the weekend with my family !!! :o ) :o ) 
Enjoying a relaxing weekend !! 
Headin to church in a bit , goin to enjoy this evening and get ready for the busy busy week that starts tomorrow promptly at 6 am :o ) 
Got the little ones to school and made it to work on time , Whew ... now to work :o ) 
Fixin to get the little ones from school and boy am I ready for church !!! Need the fellowship with normal people :o ) 
Today is off to a much better start , Praise the Lord !!! 
Just 45 minutes till my weekend starts :O ) :O ) :O ) 
WOO HOO I am outta here !!! Now to get the kids and have some fun :o ) 
Monday Monday !!! Work and school ... here we go again ... 
Thank you Lord for cloudy & rainy weather !! We slept in till 9 this morning and now the boys are off to work . < PROPFIRST > and I are cleaning house , gettin ready for our meeting !!! Just one more week :o ) :o ) 
The boys are off to work , and < PROPFIRST > and I are doing stuff at the house . Just 5 more days till the meeting !!! 
Our meeting starts in just 4 more days !!!! Woo Hoo !!! 
3 Days !!! Friends and Family are coming , plus unbelieveable preaching .... Does it get any better ???? 
2 days !!! Family will be here tonight and our church family is ready and more friends will be on their way tomorrow ... Woo Hoo I am so ready !!! 
Now that , my friends ... was a Meetin !!!! Family , Friends and a church family that just way above and beyond ..... WOW !!! 
Hi Ho Hi Ho , its off to work I go !!! :o ) 
Woo Hoo !! I am outta here .. time to go and play with the family !! 
Here we go again ... :o ) 
We had a great weekend and I put up my Harvest display in my front yard !!!! 
Almost done with the work week !!! Woo Hoo :o ) 
Just waitin to see if the school calls to go get Turk !! He wasn't feelin to good this mornin . But he wants to go to Kansas City so bad to see Zepplin he just had to try to go to school !! What a trooper :o ) 
Fixin to get the little ones and my work week is almost done . Just a couple more hours tomorrow :o ) 
Okay , ready for the weekend :o ) Gotta get stuff together for the Father/Son trip the boys are taking !! 
The boys just left , so < PROPFIRST > and I are going to piddle around the house and maybe do something special later :o ) 
Well , we left the house , went shopping ( yes I said shopping , and no .. there wasnt a gun to my head ) we are going to meet up with my oldest child for dinner :o ) 
Hi Ho Hi Ho its back to work I go ... Dropped of the kids a their schools hi ho hi ho hi ho hi ho !!!! 
The sun is shining , it a cool 58 outside , Turk gets out of school early today so I am outta here at 12:30 !!! :o ) 
It's cool , rainy and a just a dreay day ... hehehe ... I really miss Oregon on days like this :o ( 
We have company coming and so cleaning is the name of the game today ... just taking a break to tend to my farm :o ) 
What a wonderful Fall day , it is a cool crisp 52 outside ! :o ) Now we just need the leaves to turn more colors 
It's 51 degrees , it's raining ... and this is the type of day you light a small fire in the fireplace and cuddle up on the couch with a good book ;o ) 
Sitting here at work , while < PROPMALE > is home with a unbelieveable headache .... praying he gets to feeling better . 
I am going to get the kids , go home and baby my husband ... praying he doesnt have the flu ... any flu ... sad when your praying for it to just be a migraine .... 
< PROPMALE > is feeling better :o ) I am home today , and cleaning out closets and getting out winter clothes 
The kids closets and clothes are all done , had a great sunday and now it's back to work !! Both kids have a field trip today :o ) 
Keep the < PROPMALE > family in prayer , our friend < PROPFEMALE > went home to be with the Lord yesterday at 3:40 pm . Keep her husband , < PROPFIRST > and two daughters , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > in prayer . 
Thanks y'all for the great birthday wishes !! Had a fabulous day , the husband and kids pulled out all the stops and now I can't wait till next year :o ) 
Ready for the weekend , helping a friend get ready for her wedding 
Busy busy busy week , so many things going on . Just 8 more days till we leave for Tennessee !! :o ) 
One day down , 7 more to go !! :o ) 
2 Days till the wedding and only 6 more days till we go to Tennessee !! :) 
The weddings are tomorrow , the bonfire is Saturday ... and just 5 mores days till we are bound for Tennessee !!! 
The weddings went great , the bonfire was fun and we leave for Tennessee tomorrow !!! WOO HOO !!! 
On our way to Tennessee , made it ti Kentucky !! Almost there !! Woo Hoo !!! 
We had an amazing time in Tennessee !! 
Back to the hum drum of \normal\ " life . hahahaha well normal for us anyway :o ) " 
Looking forward to the thingy have to go to tonight !! \have to\ " cause < PROPFIRST > said so !! hahahaha " 
Church was fantastic yesterday , and got me ready for the week ahead !!! :o ) 
WOO HOO !! My silly in-laws SURPRISED us and came in last night !!!! YEAH !!! So now I am playing in town with my mother in law and we went to Bath & Body works !! 
Ready for a busy week , and glad < PROPMALE>'s folks are here to help !! :o ) 
I am so looking forward to Thanksgiving !! We are having turkey ( not Ehren lol ) ham , sweet taters , mashed taters , green beans , gravy , hot rolls , cow slobber , pumkin pie and apple pie !!! See why I can't wait !! :o ) 
Woo Hoo !! Tomorrow is the day for the feast !!! I hope everone has a fantastic Thanksgiving Day !!! 
Ready for a day of great food , family and just thanking the Lord for all he has blessed our family with . I hope y'all have as wonderful a day as we do ;o ) 
Ready to enjoy the weekend !! :o ) 
Had a wonderful Thanksgiving , and a terrific weekend !!! Even got my CHRISTmas lights up outside :o ) 
Back to the routine of school and work !! Already counting down the days till CHRISTmas :o ) 
OY !! Ready for the weekend :o ) Do me a favor when y'all say your prayers before bed ... pray for my sister in law - they had to start dialysis yesterday and she is still 6 months away from getting on the transplant list . Thanks ;o ) 
Back to the grind of the week , counting down the days till CHRISTmas !! 18 more to go !! ;o ) 
Okay , only 16 days !!!! Woo Hoo !!! Kids are outta school in 10 days :o ) 
This is my favorite time of year , it is a breezy 22 out side with wind chill factor of 7 !! hehehehehehehe Kids have 9 more days of school :o ) 
I am ready for the weekend !!! It even warmed up to 27 degrees outside .... heat wave :o ) Kids have 6 more days of school 
Back to work !! The little ones are outta school in 5 days !!! 
Woo Hoo !! Just a few more days till CHRISTmas break !!! I don't know who's more excited Turk or < PROPFIRST > :o ) 
JoJo Bean's last day of school is today !! She is so excited about her CHRISTmas party !! Turk is ready for his tomorrow :) 
Turk's last day of school today , and it sounded like it was going to be a party all day !! JoJo had a great party and now is ready to go to Mrs. < PROPFIRST>' house . :o ) 
We are offically on CHRISTmas break !!! YEAH !! I even got all the CHRISTmas presents mailed on time this year .... WOOHOO !! Get ready < PROPFIRST > .. they are yours in just 3 days !!! ;o ) 
Getting ready for church , my poor husband has such a bad headache .... figures it is time to preach ;o ) 
Praise the Lord , < PROPMALE > is feeling a bit better . Thanks everyone for praying for him . Today the kids off to Mrs. < PROPFIRST>' house and they were bouncing off the walls with excitement at 6:45 this morning !! 
Well , I killed my computer at work yesterday ... Praise the Lord we head to Texas tomorrow ... :o ) 
Today is the day !! Weather permitting we leave for Texas today ... Yeah !! 
Woo Hoo !! We made it to Texas !! Would you believe it is snowing here . Not just the little stuff either , the big snow flakes snowing !!! Insane :o ) 
This is just wrong ... the wind is 40 mph , there is an inch of snow on the ground and we are in TEXAS !!!! This is what we were suppose to get back home , totally INSANE 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas to everyone !!! 
Well , I should get my computer back today ... :o ) 
Church last night was such a blessing ... since we didn't have church last Sunday the fellowship seemed even sweeter . 
Happy New Year y'all 
Turk is bringin in the new year with a fever of 102 . . . praise the Lord for advil and cool wet towels ( a little topical prometiazine is nice too ) 
My Daddy's chicken noodle soup is comfort food in it's truest form . . . and it works miracles on sick little ones !! 
The Colts & Titans . . . good game so far . .. Praise the Lord Turk is feeling better :) 
Yeah , the kids are back in school .. I got my computer back at work .. and the roads aren't that bad . Even if it is only 14 outside , it is beautiful !! 
Suppose to get couple more inches of snow and be really cold tonight and tomorrow . Any bets on school closings tomorrow LOL 
School is out and it is -8 outside !! Can't even go out and play in the beauty around us :( 
So I am driving the truck this morning , flipping through radio stations cause there is no CD player ... I heard the most hilarious song ever .... MR . MOM It was great !! LOL 
Okay ... so I get home from work yesterday .. < PROPMALE > has my laundry room tore up , our water heater leaked . It went under the wall , soaked < PROPFIRST>'s carpet , buckled the flooring in the hallway and even went into Turks room !! OY !! 
Okay , so we have the carpet pulled up in < PROPFIRST>'s room and we are drying it and the padding out . The laudry is mostly put back together ... but the silver lining to this cloud has to be ... the driveway up the hill to the church is clear enough that we can have church tomorrow !!!! YEAH !!! 
It was so wonderful to have church today !! Bro < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > were in top form today .. Praise the lord for fellowship :o ) 
Okay , so not only did my dearest friend take me for a medical test , she waited , she didn't make alot of fun of me while I was under the influence of drugs , took me to get a Big < PROPMALE > , fries and coke afterward ( since I hadn't eated in over 24 hours ) then she made my family dinner .... She is the greatest ... Thanks < PROPFIRST > :o ) 
Today is my Friday !!! Yeah ... My CHRISTmas decorations are unfrozen so I can take them down , I probably ought to take down my harvest display too !!! hehehehe 
Yeah , didn't get those lights down or the harvest display put away either .. hehehe lazy weekend .... No school for Turk tomorrow so he can help do it :o ) 
Today is the day , taking down CHRISTmas lights and stuff !! Got a really good report back from one doctor and just have to get one more test result back !!! Even though I will have to take meds ... I am a very heathy woman !! Thank you to everyone who was praying for me :o ) It worked !!! 
YEAH !! I got all my decorations taken down , cleaned and packed away for next year !! The kids got to ride their bikes for 2 hours yesterday ... what a great day it was !!! 
OY !! Our house phone has been dead since Friday ... it came back on for a bit yesterday .. but it is gone again .... Sometimes ATT really stinks ! ;o ) 
Yea !! Woo Hoo !! They fixed our phone line !! :o ) 
Oh boy , here comes more bad weather !! Got the propane tanks filled , extra gas for the generator , pantry is stocked ... okay we're ready :o ) 
The weather kinda skipped over us , so we didn't get that much ice & snow . Having fun with the hubby home from work and both kids off of school :) 
It really stinks when the beautiful snow keeps us from having church !! 
< PROPMALE > is feeling better , the kids are back at school and I am at work .. Is this normal ??? I forget .... hehehehehe 
If ' duh ' were an appropriate professional response to a stupid question .... I would have used it numerous times today !!! 
Praise the Lord it is Wednesday and we have church tonight !! I need the fellowship :o ) 
Today is my Friday !! Woo Hoo !! 
Turk's school won the reading competition against Carterville Elementary !!! Next Friday they have to wear Carthage Tiger colors and the Principal of Turk's school is going over to take a picture . :o ) 
Monday is over with and Praise the Lord it wasn't to bad . We didn't get the 6-10 inches of snow either !! :o ) 
Today is my Friday !! Gotta get ready for < PROPMALE>'s folks coming in and the preacher coming on Saturday . 
Had a fantastic Anniversary yesterday !!! Wow 15 years !!! :o ) 
OY !! Meeting time :o ) 
Cooking dinner for 16 tonight ... with help from the other ladies .... and then off to church !! Love special meetings :o ) 
Some days you just wanna crawl back in bed , because you know if you could just start over and hour later ... it would be okay :o ) Praise the Lord for church tonight 
I am heading home now .. think I will crawl into bed till time to pick up the kids ... The meeting was wonderful ... now I am tired and getting sick OY !! 
My weekend has begun ... laundry , tidying up the house and frequent naps !! I really dislike being sick ... keeps me from doing stuff :( 
Starting to feel better , my dear husband has been so sweet and taken care of stuff for two days !! :) 
Stayin home takin care of two sick ones .. Poor hubby came home early with an extremely bad headache and tummy issues . Then < PROPFIRST > is achy and stuffy and had a really rough day at school . Light dinners ... medicine ... baths ... and then bed and prayers they feel better tomorrow !! 
Sitting here at work ... listening to the new Celtic Thunder CD on my computer while I am working .... then the new Celtic Woman kicks on .... ;o ) 
My poor babies are startin to feel better ... Just waiting for the fevers to stop coming back ... 
My little ones are still sick .. at least the fevers aren't so high !! No school for them tomorrow and no work for me 
The little ones are back at school and I am back to work ... Oy ... this is as normal as it gets :o ) 
Yea !! The weekend is here ... the weekend is here ... :) 
Come one .. Come all to Ehren's musical program at his school on Thursday evening at 6:30 pm !!! 
Two more days till Ehren's ' Fish of the Ocean ' Music program .... He is so excited ... bet I can sing all the songs along with the kids :o ) 
Today is the day ... Turk woke up singing his shark song !!! Invitation is still open if anyone can make it ... program starts at 6:30 pm :o ) 
Turk did such a great job last night .. best blue shark I have ever seen !! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Cherokee & < PROPMALE > for coming !!! 
My baby turned 20 today ... OY I am starting to get that ' old ' feeling .... :o ) 
Happy Saint < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all !!! We had a fantastic vacation !! The kids are still on vacation cause they get to < PROPFEMALE > out with their Mrs. < PROPFIRST > !!! :o ) 
Hi Ho .. Hi Ho ... of to work I go :o ) The little ones are still on vacation .. their big sister is hanging out with them today !!! Between the trip , Mrs. < PROPFIRST > & gang , and their big sister and then tonight the boys might put up the tent in the backyard and go ' camping ' !! That's okay .. < PROPFIRST > and I will sleep in my big plush bed , eat bon-bon's and watch Looney Tunes :o ) LOL 
It is the first day of spring and there is at least 4 inches of snow on the ground and there is more on the way !! That is just wrong :) 
If y'all < PROPFEMALE > tto see pics of the snow .. they are at the end of the Spring Break album .... enjoy ...... It is so wrong to have this much snow at this time of year 
It was such a beautiful drive to work this morning ... I am gonna miss the snow , but ; I am looking forward to the blooming flowers and trees :) 
Wow .. You know sometimes work .... is well .. work !!! 
The weekend is here !!!! After the snow last weekend , even opening up the house and doing spring cleaning is fun ... What a beautiful day today !!! 
Taking a break from cleaning ... < PROPFIRST > and I are watching her all time favorite ... Yep .. ' Phantom of the Opera ' .... Again :o ) 
What a beautiful day !!! 
Hey everyone ... just finished creating a Facebook < PROPFEMALE > for the churhc ... send friend suggestions or just message them to check it out !!! 
What a Monday !!! < PROPMALE > had a rough one too !! OY .. when I got home .. I got on the treadmill , turned on the DVD and went for a walk in Ireland !!! Then the hubby took us all out for dinner ... what a sweetheart :o ) 
WOO HOO !!! It's wednesday .. Church tonight !!! 
The Velder's get here tomorrow and then a day of preaching and fellowship on Sunday ... I am soooooooo ready !!! 
YEA !! the Velder's got here earlier .. and everythng is set for in the meeting !!! 
What a great time yesterday !! Great preaching .. great food .. great fellowship ... WOW !! 
Wednesday Wednesday !!!! Yeah !!! Cannot wait for church !!! 
Today is my Friday ... Today is my Friday !!! Yipee !!! 
Getting ready for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday party tonight !! Praise the Lord my in-laws are here ;o ) Then tomorrow she is having pizza and cupcakes at school !!! 
< PROPFIRST > turns 5 today !!! She had an amazing little party last night and today she is having pizza & cupcakes at school !!! ;o ) 
Yippee .. almost the weekend !! 
Work work work .. and it doesn't help that two walls of my office are windows and it is a beautiful day out !!! I wanna go play !! hehehehe 
Enjoying the day off ... just me a < PROPFIRST > ... had lunch with < PROPMALE > .. now we are doing laundry , cleaning and then popcorn and Tinkerbell !!! :) 
Okay it is 50 degrees out .. and wet ... it's it just a lovely Spring day ??? LOL 
Whew !!! All 37 tornados missed us yesterday .... but keep those in prayer who weren't as fortunate .... 
Busy busy Busy weekend ... we have a missionary this weekend and < PROPFIRST>'s school BBQ on Saturday night .... Woo Hoo !!! 
What a hectic crazy busy week ( for me and < PROPMALE > ) ... Praise the Lord for the girls & boys academy's meeting .. I need the extra preaching and fellowship !! LOL 
What a great weekend !!!! Fantastic meeting ... Wonderful weekend and ready for my new summer hours to begin !!! 
We took the little ones to springfield to play yesterday , and had a blast . Then I started a new book ( The Hunger Games ) and finish at 3 am ! < PROPFIRST > and Cherokee's fault ! 
The little ones are so excited ... cannot wait for Grandpa & Grandma ... < PROPFIRST > told Turk that she gets Grandma and he can play with Grandpa ... hehehehe 
Enjoying a visit with the folks .... 
Relaxing weekend ... gearing up for a busy summer ... poor < PROPMALE > is booked almost every weekend .... 
Busy Busy Busy Week ... Turk turns 8 this sunday !!! Happy Father's Day too !!! 
The air went out at the office during the weekend .... OY !! IT IS HOT !!! The cannot get the part to fix it till tomorrow !! Still ... < PROPMALE > has it worse ... poor thing ... he is in a big metal building < PROPFEMALE > !! 
They fixed the air at work ... but now it is home home home ... and we have company this weekend !! YEAH !! 
I am wondering how my dearest < PROPFIRST > is doing at camp .. hehehehe ... Day off tomorrow and looking forward to a little down time with the little ones ... OH .. and < PROPMALE > came and knocked down the tree by the house ... YEAH !!! 
Hi ho , Hi ho It's off to work I go :) 
Ready for a fantastic 4th of July Weekend !! 
Enjoying a very relaxing weekend .... if anyone sent me a friend request over the last couple of weeks ... send another one .. my computer had an attitude and deleted them all 
Off to a stupid meeting ... but then lunch with < PROPFEMALE > ... the little ones got up at 6:45 the were to excited since sis is babysitting today :) 
While the boys are away ... the girls will play !! hehehe 
I miss my boys ... so glad they are coming home tonight :o ) 
Great day at church . . But missing my Turkeyman 
Looking forward to my Turkeyman coming home this weekend ... added bonus ... my nieces are coming too !! Oh and all the in-laws ... A house full and I am ready !! 
My Turkey man comes home tomorrow !!!! 
My Turkeyman is home !!! He brought a few cousins with him and a set of Grandparents ... Now just waiting on < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > to get here !!! 
Okay ... Murphy's Law is permantly attached to my sister in law !!! They should finally be getting in around 11'ish today ... after < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > went to Oklahoma City and got them !! OY !! :o ) 
They are here !! Finally ... 18 hours of driving .. broke their car in Oklahoma City ... had to have the folks come and get them ... BUT ... they are here !!! LOL 
Already missin the little ones . . glad they get a little extra time with their cousins . Then they get to play with their other cousins in a couple of weeks ! 
Busy Busy Busy at work ... Missing my little ones ... But looking forward to the weekend before they come home ... 
The kids and I made it home around 7'ish , and < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > just made it home safely . . . Praise the Lord for travel mercies 
The boys are gone again ..... time for the girls to play :o ) 
Let us see . . Made a batch of peach & mango jelly , mowed the yard , and did 4 loads of laundry . I am tired now and I think < PROPFIRST > and I are going to watch Phantom of the Opera and make some popcorn :-) 
My boys come home tonight ! 
My boys are home ! The sun is shining and it looks to be a beautiful day for church ! 
Hi Ho Hi Ho ... off to work I go !!! Just a few more days and more nieces for me to play with !! 
I am done with tomatos ! I made salsa and more stewed tomatos than i can use . Praise the Lord Mom & < PROPFEMALE > will be here in a few days , I am sure I can ' share ' a can or two or three with them hehe 
Well , < PROPMALE > is on his way to camp . < PROPFEMALE > , Mom & the girls shoudl be here about 5 ish .... Busy but fun week ahead for all of us :o ) 
Great day at church , my nieces had a blast !! < PROPMALE > , Bro . < PROPFIRST > and the kids get to camp tomorrow .. they have had a great time so far ... :o ) 
Keep a dear friend and her family in prayer for me please ... Dilbert & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ( our pastor in TN ) lost a beloved nephew on Sunday evening . He was only 13 ... he was rushed to the hospital due to a blood sugar issue is all the info I have right now . He was saved and loved passing out bibles and street preaching ... keep the < PROPFIRST>'s in prayer please .... 
Well my Mom & Sister got off at 2:45 am this morning , Ehren was not happy they took his cousins with him ... hehehe 
Ehren < PROPFIRST > got saved tonight ! 
It is Friday !!! It is Friday !! Yippee !!! 
Remembering 9-11 with a prayer . . and why we can never forget ! 
OI !! Monday ... enough said !! 
Raindrops keep falling on my head . . . I love the rain ! It is going to be a nice day :D 
I started teaching the ' Pee Wee ' Patch the Pirate with the 4-7 year olds at church tonight . . . It was Great ! 
Okay ... < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > are at the hospital ... so it begins ... updates as I get them .. Keep her and Kailyn in your prayers 
Kailyn < PROPFEMALE > made her apperance at 4:08 this morning at 7 lbs and 14 oz She is gorgeous ! 
Fixing to take the little ones to see their new niece ... they are so excited and actually thought they were going to get out of school this morning =D 
Enjoy the pics of my darling gariníon ( granddaughter ) 
Took Turk to the Dr. this morning .. OI !! He has a lovely ear infection .. The Dr said he could go back to school but recommended he take the day off and rest ... So he is hanging out with me at the office :o ) 
Turk is feeling better , and off to school . I am so ready for this weekend .. we are going up to Independence for a church meeting and fellowship with dear friends .. :D 
Turk cannot wait to see his \bestest\ " friend Zepplin tonight !!! " 
Great preaching , tasty vittles , fellowship till 1:30 am , and the kids had some serious play time = Fantastic time in KC !! 
YEA Titan's !! Woo Hoo ! 29 to 10 @ Giants home field 
Monday Monday :S Completely ready for next weekend :)) 
Two days off and there still may not be enough time to get everything done . . . But I am sure going to give it a try . . . =D 
Woke up with a stuffy nose . . . that figures ! The meeting starts tomorrow :s 
Yeah ! The meeting starts today !! 
WOW ! What a great meeting ! \ 
Poor < PROPMALE > , he is so sick . Gave him meds , a dose of OJ and hopefully after a good night sleep he will feel a bit better . . . 
What a fantastic meeting !!! Now time for recovery and getting < PROPMALE > back in good health . 
The boss is back !!! Which means I get to leave early today !! YIPPEE !!! 
Why does the beautiful weather always mean allergy flare ups ! >_< 
Great day at church yesterday , the Titan's won and the kids do not have school . . . that is a great start for the week ! 
Hi Ho ... HI Ho ... It's off to work I go !!! 
Yippee for Friday ... going to the < PROPFEMALE > Leaf parade in the morning with the family ... then playing with the kiddies from church at the House of Bounce in the afternoon :)) 
Wow ! What a fantastic day ! \ 
Totally wiped out and off to bed :D 
What a beautiful crisp clean cool mornin ! 
Ready for two days off .... Lots to do .. but still ready !!! 
Thank y'all !! I may be old ... BUT ... I make old look good :)) 
Thank you everyone , I had a great birthday ! 
It may be Monday but it is too beautiful outside to not enjoy this gorgeous day !! =D 
Oh what a beautiful morning . . Oh what a beautiful day . . . I got a wonderful feeling . . Everything's going my way ! hehe 
Okay so < PROPFIRST>'s tummy does NOT like mexican food ! ( I hope that is all it is ) Praise the Lord her tummy is still little . . . :s 
My poor < PROPFIRST > Bear ! She has the nasty tummy bug that is going around :( 
< PROPFIRST > is feeling better =D thanks for the prayers , as always . . they worked ! 
Worked out in the yard with the kids all afternoon , the kids cannot wait to see how surprised Daddy will be when he gets home =D 
We surprised Daddy , and he surprised us ! 
A fantastic day a church ! We are truly blessed with a great church family =D 
< PROPFIRST > is sleeping in the back office , Turk is happily at school , and I am here at work with a 32 oz Coke and the boss brought chocolate frosted donuts !! It could be a lot worse :o ) 
DO NOT FORGET TO VOTE TODAY ! 
I JUST VOTED !! HAVE YOU ?? 
Ready for church =D 
What a beautiful day !! I cannot wait to get home and play with the little ones outside after their homework is done :) 
100 % Ready to play with the family this weekend =D 
What a beautiful fall day ! 
The driving range changed to winter hours . . . oh well , guess we will have to hit a bucket or two on Saturday ! 
Yipee !!! It is the weekend ... we are taking the kids to the driving range tomorrow .. weather permitting !! Yea !!! 
Spent the day out and about with the family , even went shopping at the mall ! Then went to the driving range and batting cages ! LOL 
The perfect start to a new week . . . going to church with your family :) 
Work , Work , Work this week . . . Play , Play , Play next week ! 
OY ... Praise the Lord for church tonight !!! Cannot wait to get to my Pee Wee Patch class :) 
Yipee ! Time to play !! 
Church was great this morning and it is nice to be visiting with my OLDER sis !! LOL\ 
While my oldest daughter enjoys my house :)) 
Daddy & < PROPMALE > are golfing , Mom is playing Aggravation with the kids and I am playing here :)) 
Just want everyone to know , I have the coolest sister in the world !!!! She is totally awesome !! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all !!! We had a great time in Florida and begin our journey home tomorrow ... 
Sitting at Krispy Kreme in Pensacola eating a fresh toasty warm glazed donut !! We showed the kids where Daddy used to fish with sister in tow :) 
What a fantastic Thanksgiving ! We were able to see my entire family ! < PROPMALE > and Daddy went golfing , I was able to spend some quality time with my Mom , my sister opened her house and cooked for all of us , and I played the Wii with my brother and his wife , not to mention playing with my nieces ! Now after 2500 < PROPMALE > , it will be good to be home =D 
The best way to end a great vacation , is being back home and going to our church ! 
Was I really gone for just a week ... this stack of work , pile of phone messages , and filing waiting for me ... makes it seem like I was gone longer :s 
Ever had one of those days , where you feel like you rode the short bus .. then forgot to get off ????? lol 
AAAAHHHH ... the weekend !!! We put the tree up last night , the rest of the decorations go up this weekend .... 
Grilled steak , mashed tatos , green beans , fresh steamed asparagus , cheese & butter noodles . . . after that lunch and a Chiefs victory , nap time :) 
I hope everyone remembers to take just a moment today to remember those who fell at < PROPFEMALE > Harbor in 1941 .. and for those who continue to protect us here at home and abroad ... 
Whoo Hoo , I have the next two days off work , I am going to try and redecorate the nursery at church during those two days . . . I think I can , I think I can . . . :) 
Yeah !! It is Friday !!! We are off to go hear some good music tonight and then up to Kansas City tomorrow !! Ehren cannot wait to see his < PROPMALE > Zepplin and of course < PROPFIRST > cannot either ... :)))) 
We are Kansas City , and we got here just in time for the snow storm . Lite snow , but winds of 20mph and wind chills of -10 !! BBBRRRRR 
We had a great time at the meeting ! < PROPFIRST > has a new friend to visit now too ! We left an hour ago and Turk says he cannot wait to see Zepplin again and < PROPFIRST > cannot wait too see < PROPFIRST > ! 
hehehe .. just got done talking to the oldest child ... hahah yeah ... that apple did NOT fall far from the tree !!! LOL 
I think , the Lord lets you get sick , to remind you to have compassion when others are sick . \ 
I'll remember . . . \ 
I WILL REMEMBER !! \ 
Dear Lord , may I get better now ?? :s 
Funny . . . . I do not remember volunteering my tummy for someone's punching bag . . . stupid stomach flu 
Praise the Lord , I am feeling better today . I may even try moving up from crackers to toast . . . =D 
Feeling better and actually looking forward to finishing up our Christmas shopping tonight .... :))) and who knows ... I may even try the whole eating thing =D 
Monday says \ Ready or Not 
I love winter , I love snow and stuff :) \ 
I DO NOT like the sickness that comes with the cold :( 
Work is really interferring with my holiday preparations !! :)))) 
I miss Tennessee , where a dozen cars was a traffic jam ! 
Last day of work and then time to really enjoy the Christmas holiday !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas ! 
Oy ! Is it Monday already ? 
We had a great Christmas , and my family all got home safe !! Now getting ready for an New Year :))) 
Today we are putting away the Christmas decorations and cleaning the house . I fully intend to break the child labor laws too ! :) 
The little ones & I are going to town this morning to run errands , then havin lunch with the hubby and finally hangin out at home this afternoon . :) 
Where is my snow ... it is Dec 31 and it is 64 degrees outside ???? I want my snow !!!! That is just messed up when you have a tornado on the ground just 25 < PROPMALE > from us ... IN DECEMBER !!! 
Turk is feelin much better , thank y'all for your prayers . Now it is back to school for the little ones , and work for the me & the hubby . . . =D 
Yippee !! I am almost outta here and I have the next two days off !!!! :)))) 
Relaxin on the couch , watching the Cotton Bowl . . . What a GREAT game !! 
ok , so the first half was good . Texas seems to have left their game brain in the locker room . . 
What a great day at church , as always . . . it is the best way to start the week =D 
It snowed !! I love it , it is beautiful outside =D 
YEAH ! No school tomorrow which means I do not work . . . the little ones want to build a snowman !! 
Wow ! It is 3 degrees outside right now , with a wind chill of -8 !! The little ones and I are playin indoors today ;) 
There will not be any services tonight , you cannot get up the driveway . . I will try and call everyone , but just in case 
The kids are excited that school is back in session tomorrow . . . no more sleepin in :( 
I love Saturday's ! \ 
Sleeping in and playing with the family all day . . =D 
Got the grandbaby sleeping against me , and Daddy & Mama left to deliver wood . . =D 
Quite ready for the winter weather coming in tonight !! :)) 
I know his head is not really exploding . . . Dear Lord make the excedrin work so he does not feel like it is . . . please ! 
I am completely ready to enjoy the weekend and play with the family :))) 
Just got done watching ' Despicable Me ' , hehe . . . all I can say is \What ? \"" 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this tidbit ;\ 
If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , the knife did it not OJ and the spoon made Oprah fat ! \ 
Remember . . . hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize . 
Lovin ' my day off =D 
Ok , so the kickboxing class is probably not for me , LOL Next week I am trying the aquasize class , I am looking forward to that one . . it is in the pool !! :) 
Work Work Work .... Just a few more hours and then two more days off ... again !! Cannot wait to take the kids to the circus tomorrow :))) 
Spent the evening on the trampoline . . . literaly ! Spread out sleeping bags , watched a movie with popcorn and drinks , that was fun !! 
Yea ! More snow on the way tomorrow :)) 
The winter weather is due to make a personal appearance this afternoon and stick around for a day or two !! Yea !! Let's hear it for a foot of snow :))) 
Wow , now they are saying a 1/2 of ice then up to a foot of snow !! YEA !! I am so ready :))))) 
The snow is here !! :) 
Well < PROPMALE > made it to work , it was so nice having him home the last two days . . . it is -11 outside : 0 
So that is what the sun looks like . . . Wow , it may get up to 34 today !! 
There is no way to get up the hill tomorrow for church\ 
:(( 
That was a really good Superbowl game !! 
Grateful for another day home with the little ones . They already have a routine , crawl in bed with me and sleep till 8:30 , eat breakfast , get dressed , do chores and then schoolwork =D 
Snuggled in bed with a little one on each side . . . :)) 
Blessed with another day home with the little ones =D I do have to work on Friday and I told < PROPFEMALE > I may be droppin her siblings off with food LOL 
Looks like no church again tonight , but ; Lord willing , we can clean this up Friday & Saturday for church on Sunday :)) 
Turk has his first basketball game today . . . pics will follow later :)) 
Turk's team won their first basketball game today . . . 20 - 14 !! =D 
It was so GREAT to go to church this mornin !! As much as I love the snow , I really missed church 
Goin to miss stayin home with the little ones tomorrow . . . 
Oh what a beautiful mornin . . . LOL 
I am missing the snow days with the little ones . . . 
If you go online to book package deals in Branson ... DO NOT USE the website ' Bransonshows.com\ Their customer service is AWFUL !!! You would be better off booking the deals yourself !!! Spread the word ... " 
If < PROPMALE > was not doing ' Donuts with Dad ' in the morning at the kids school , I would be asking him if we could leave for our little trip tonight !!! Oy !! It is just one of those days ... :S 
' Donuts with Dad ' was a total hit ! My kids can really move in the mornin . . LOL\ 
I have the house cleaned and now I am washing the < PROPFIRST > , them grocery shopping for < PROPFEMALE > & the little ones :)) 
Gettin ready to go to work . . . y'all sure there is no snow in the forcast ? :)) 
Ready for a day off tomorrow :))))))) 
Gettin my hair colored . . . wondering if it really is going to be that warm brown we pickf out . . . ( a prayer or two is most welcome . . . PLEASE ) 
It will tone down , IT WILL TONE DOWN !! 
Well ok , now I am a deep warm dark auburn . . . goodness lol 
Okay .. this color is definatly going to take some geting used to !! LOL 
Have to say ... getting my new Celtic Thunder DVD & CD yesterday did help with the whole hair ordeal !! 
The little ones were completely surprised to find Poppa & Pino at < PROPMALE > Evans tonight !! It was great 
Being lazy , < PROPMALE > is at work , < PROPFIRST > & Turk went to get coffee , < PROPFIRST > went upstairs to snuggle with Pino . I have a cup of coffee and listen to ' Buachaill on Eirne ' in < PROPFEMALE > . =D 
OY !! Monday .... enough said :)) 
To my dear friends :\ 
When you are upset , I will jump the person who upset you like a spider monkey jacked up on Mountain Dew .... :)))) 
Another little tid bit for me friends :\ 
When you smile ... I will know that you are plotting something that I MUST be involved in !! 
Looking forward to some time off and hoping it is as beautiful tomorrow as it is today ... 
Ggggrrrr . . . I know why companies keep you on hold for so long . . . They want you to give up and just pay whatever < PROPMALE > they send . . . thank you Lord for the < PROPFEMALE > you have taught me over the years !! :)) 
I know why I am chubby , the shampoo that runs down my body is for ' extra volume & body ' . Going to start using < PROPFEMALE > dish soap , it ' dissolves fat that is difficult to remove ' LOL\ 
reposted from a friend , you know it is cute :)) 
Thinkin of spendin some quality time outside gettin my garden prepared for spring . . . 
When you have kids , it amazing how your entire days plans can change before they even open their eyes . 
Salary of House/Senate ... $ 174,000 . \ 
Salary of Speaker of House ... $ 223,500 . \ 
Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders ... $ 193,400 . \ 
Average US Salary ... $ 33,000 to $ 77,000 . \ 
Maybe our elected officials should make an average salary too ... It's a time of sacrifice after all ... Pass along , post on your own < PROPFEMALE > if you agree . 
Surprised is an understatement ! Our good friends from Minnesota showed up at our house today !! 
I am making a Black < PROPMALE > 3 layer cake ( with fresh strawberries instead of cherries ) as a suprise for our friends , who suprised us from Minnesota =D 
What a \AWESOME\ " weekend !! LOL " 
Rainy days are beautiful days too !! 
Spending my day off cleaning and listening to my < PROPFEMALE > lads =D 
Turk's team won their basketball game last night 25 - 12 . They have one more game on Saturday . 
Turk's team won their last game , 27 - 17 !! And he did great at his first karate sparing this mornin =D 
snuggled up to the hubby , going to sleep to the sound of rain and thunder . . . good ending to a great Sunday ! 
Yea Yea !! I passed my exam !!!! Got a 96% !!!! Woo Hoo !! 
Lá Náomh Pádraig < PROPFEMALE > !! 
There is A.D.D. ( Attention Deficit Disorder ) , A.D.H.D. ( Attention Deficit and Hyper-activity Disorder ) .. And then there is A.D.O.S. ( Attention Deficit .... OOOhhhh Shiny ) 
The boys had a great time camping last night , Turk woke up < PROPMALE > at 2am and asked it if was time to fish yet ... lol They are both out and it is only 8:30 ish ... 
We had < PROPMALE > Church outside this morning ... that was so much fun , the kids were acting out how < PROPMALE > & his armorbearer killed the Phillistines and send the whole army runnin !!! They could not make the ground shake like the Phillistines did :))))))) 
I made it past 9:30 .... WOW !! Okay off to bed and sweet dreams :))) 
Lazy evening .. day off tomorrow : little school work with the kids , dr. appt and then who knows ... maybe a wee bit of swimming at the Y ... 
I spent the morning in a Flood Training Class , put on by FEMA ... I now feel fully trained to handle baby Kailyn and her drool ... LOL :))) this baby has got to be teething again 
Got the hubby off to work , the little ones are still in bed . . . . zzzzz hehe me too ! 
What a great day ! OY . . . . back to work tomorrow :s 
Rain + Thunder = a wonderfully relaxing day :)))) 
Optimism is frowned upon and pessimism is accepted , how screwed up is that ?! 
Seriously . . . I mean come on Really . . . Monday , again ?? 
5 DEADLY TERMS USED BY A WOMAN :\ 
( 1 ) FINE - this is the word women use to end an argument when they know they are RIGHT & YOU need to SHUT UP . \ 
( 2 ) NOTHING - means SOMETHING & u need to be WORRIED . \ 
( 3 ) GO AHEAD - this is a dare not permission , DO NOT DO IT . \ 
( 4 ) WHATEVER - is a woman's way of saying FORGET YOU . \ 
( 5 ) THAT'S OK - she is thinking long & hard on HOW & WHEN you will pay for your mistake . 
Ready for a couple of days off ... Tomorrow is Turk's big day :))) Testing for his next belt at karate :))) 
Loving the day off and doing chores at home :)))))) 
Had a great day at work , but I am looking forward to the weekend :)))) Hoping to at least glimpse my granddaughter ** Hint Hint Daughter ** =D 
Ready for church ! 
' Tangled ' is the best animation Disney has put out in years ! 
