At < PROPMALE>'s school they have reddy oranges and orangey oranges . Ya that's right , you heard me . 

im hungry and tired and i have a headache from yelling at my bad bad bad brother all day . Ahhhhhhhh will it ever end !?!?!? 
So much freaking drama . Now two of my best friends are mad at me and idk y . I'm so confused and nobody will explain any of this to me . Just waiting to go out tonight . Maybe it'll help get it off my mind . 
Mouth hurts !!!!!!!!!!!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > BEAR !!!!! ILY 
Luv tha rain !!!!!!!!!! 
Songs !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Name some 
crazy life and crazy family . all of its crazy !!! but thats the way we roll lol 
Bored out of my mind . people are stupid and should grow up and act their age not their shoe size 
I don't believe in superheros . 
Y are some people so stupid ? 
Getting off going to bed . Goodnight world !!!! 1 
Saturday . Babysitting again . < PROPFEMALE > is here and we laughed our butts off last night . lollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollollol 
That certain thing won't get out of my head !!!! 
Ecstatic !! But also upset :( but lovin the way things are lookin 
On top of the world . Stop laughing at me cuz Im happy 
It's Friday !!!!! Bout to go to school . Still can't get it out of my head !!! 
super happy :)))))) 
Tired thinking about going to sleep again . Things are changing and not sure they r what I want . 
Home sucks . I wanna go . 
Poor baby is sick with food poisoning . It's ok . It'll get better I promise . 
Looking for a truck . Help me out . 
Life sucks . Hope Heaven is better . Gotta work on the essay and can't do it at home cuz the computer doesn't hold the right software . Need my own laptop . 
Shuck it !!!!!!!! Haha you wouldn't get it so don't try unless your one of my besties !!! 
Tired going to bed . Show tomorrow !! Wish me luck and go shuck it . lol 
First place !!!! Plus strep which totally sux by the way . 
A mist was created that felt as if God himself had brought down the clouds from heaven just for me . 
Too much studying not enough sleep . Atleast < PROPMALE > finally got to sleep . Now I can do homework in silence . Aaaaah , and how sweet it is . 
I'm a Sen10r baby !!!!!!! 
I'm in a really good mood . Idk y . I can't think of anything to finish my paper with though . Aaaaaaaaaahh help me !!! 
Im done !!!!!! Finally . It took a week and one thousand thirty nine words but I'm finished ! 
My arm feels like its being shredded into a million pieces . u 
Arm is killing me . It's not getting any better . Just way worse . Ahhhhhhhhhh !!!! 
New meds for my arm are giving me headaches and my arm still hurts and I can't eat for another half hour . This medicine sux . 
< PROPMALE > loves the kitten !!!! 
There is just way too much . I need a break and sleep . Gotta cut down on things , like work , which means less money :( Just wanna go curl up in my bed and cry . 
government quiz today :/ really dont want to 
Getting ready for work . Got my heifer done . Hopefully she's bread , keepin my fingers crossed . < PROPMALE > and mom at the doc . Praying he doesnt have to have his arm reset . 
Well his arm isn't broken like we thought . Instead it's a tumor ! 
Got a new truck !!!!! Super excited . This one will turn on when I turn the key and sooo much more . It actually will reach highway speeds . Yes !!!! 
I really don't want to finish this paper . It hurts too much . 
Finished !!! 1,073 words 
Bedtime !!! 
Sooooo that test was torture ! 
Need to work on my paper and need to make that list of tack . But here I am on fb . My wall is orange and the t.v. is loud . Having a hard time concentrating today :P 
Boooooored !! Ready for tonight and < PROPFEMALE > to hurry up and get here !!!!!! 
It was so foreign to me and it scared me . 
I gotta weed bumpkin hahahahahahahahaha inside joke 
Finished my grammer lab . Now it's time to clean :/ wish it was naptime instead 
Nobody loves me . Not even the sleep < PROPFEMALE > :( 
Going back to work tomorrow :) gotta finish this stupid paper first though . Glad I finally found it Jeez can you say nerve racking ? 
I like change . But controlled change . Or else i have anxiety attacks no fun . feeling random today . :) 
Hurt my back lifting feed :( stupid cows have always found some way to hurt me . 
i just finished my paper !!!! yay !!!!!! now its time to go clean the kitchen :( that requires standing :((((( 
went to the pep rally at the middle school today . tomorrow hopefully going to the movies with everyone exept < PROPFEMALE > panda :( then sat is my mom's bday . i think im more excited then she is . such a party pooper lol 
headache ugg stupid hair . gonna clean the kitchen then bed and maybe a lil tv . no dual credit tomorrow !! Yay !!! 111 
Doing phone interviews with insurance companies the next two days . Gonna give them the REAL story . Hopefully it all comes out my way . :) 
I need song ideas !!!! Help me !!!!! 
No phone . Let's hope I don't have a replay of last weekend or else I won't have any way of letting anyone know :( but hopefully it's getting fixed . 
It's only ten thirty !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You've go to be kidding me !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Guess its time for bed :( 
OMG just took my pony tail out and it helped soooooo much i almost cried :') 
Writing an english paper and lookin at prom dresses lol what a mix . 
Waiting for it to be over ....... 
Head hurts . owwww 
Tired , dizzy , wanna go to bed but still got homework and school and work tonight to finish :( and i dont have my phone to keep me busy today . And i still have a lot of figuring out to do , as if there wasnt enough going on . 
My family is soooooo screwed up lol it's crazy . 
If my name was < PROPFIRST > you would totally be my Deere ~ < PROPFEMALE > Holland 
Found my keys I've been lookin for for two weeks !!!! Yay !!! Super excited and the house is clean :) 
Just had a chicken chimi and now im bout to go wash cows so i can go to the movies with my girls tonight !!!!!!! 
Thinkin it's bedtime :) 
Coffee does wonders for headaches . 
Headaches are so much fun . NOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Aaaaaahhhhhh !!!!!!!! I hate being sick !!!!!! 
What to do what to do . he wont talk and he could be alright and hes closer which one to choose hmmmmmmmm 
Goin to get my bacelet ! Yay !!!!!!! 
It's sooooo cold in this house !!! 
You say tomato , I say potato . 
Really really really really really really really really really really really really tired . 
Homework is soooooo overrated !!!!!!! 
Gettin excited for Fort Worth !!!!!!!!!!!! Two Days . :) 
Just now finished the homework I've been working on since 9:30 this morning . Omg exhaused but now I gotta clean the house :/ 
:-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) Lots of smilies just so < PROPFEMALE > will ask questions :-) 
Home from school . Had an amazing day :) now i gotta do homework :/ 
It needs to hurry up and be 2:30 already . :/ 
Chores are finished . Now time to finish some homework . 
Are ya achin ' ... ... for some bacon ? He's a big pig ! You could be a big pig too ! Oy ! 
Hope I get to actually see Mom tonight . Haven't seen her in like three days . Kinda missin her , as weird as that is . 
My homepage just changed . Scared the crap out of me lol 
Need Horshoes , Harnesses , Boards and nails for my stabels . 
What is Moorpark spelled backwards ? Hahahaha movie was hilarious but depressing and the mom is the Captain ( awwwww ) and the guy on the airplane was gay !!!!!!! OMG !!!!!!!!! Didn't see that one coming at all ....... 
My name means short nose lol hmmm what do you think ? 
Leaving Friday . Uggg don't want to leave so early . Gonna miss so much school and that leads to getting behind . Then to top it all off people are mad and won't tell me why . Makes me wanna cry :'( Not the best day in the world . 
What's your fav song ? 
There is no way it is possible to be this tired . 
I am a vampire . I am a vampire !!! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah 
Made my decision . Hope it was the right one . Tons of homework and a stupid 1,700 word paper to do . 
Baseball game !!! 
Whew !!! Done with my interview . Think it went well . Now pics then prom with the girls 
We are now the skittle gang 
At chilis before prom : -> 
Made it to state . Yes !!!! 
So senior prom ...... not exactly what i expected . 
Nap vs math . Hmmmm which should i choose . I think ill pick nap . Luv u mrs yeager 
So i got stabbed today . With an ink pen . By my little brother . He thought it was funny . 
Goin to see my english proffessor with < PROPFEMALE > in a little bit . 
I hate making salmon patties with a passion 
Ready to graduate already !!!! 
Was it necessary to bring that up again ? Right as it starts to heal you rip it open . Not been a super day . 
Craving chocolate . 
Out with my girls :-)) 
Goin to area convention . Got ungrounded last night yay !!! 
Got a new bed today ! Its much smaller than my old one :) 
I need ideas for dinner ...... Got any ? 
The blank-ster ! 
Missin some people ........ 
Oh no ! We forgot the safety net ! 
Friday or Saturday for my graduation party ? 
Almost gone !!!! 
Six flags was amazing ! 
Miss my mama :( 
Exhausted . 
My last class of my last day :( 
Amazing ending to my last day of high school 
Saw Letters to < PROPFEMALE > with my girls . It was adorable . Can't wait for it to be tomorrow ! Hanging with < PROPFIRST > and meetin the parents ...... pray for me lol 
Today went much better than I expected it to . First meeting with the parents went well and the auction was awesome . Sold my cheesecakes for $35 each :) 
\Are you speaking magic ? \"- < PROPFEMALE > Holland " 
\then my donkey fell down your waffle hole ! \"" 
Mini cheesecakes ! 
Dear < PROPMALE > . You tatse great . Hope you are having fun in heaven big boy . 
Twins ? Maybe . Maybe not . We cant tell . 
Do you tocket text ? 
Ttthe devil's inthe backyard frying his brain . 
Youre like a genetically defected unicorn ! 
Not feelin so good . 
Can't wait for Friday !!! Hopefully these stupid allergies will be nice enough to leave me alone for four days . 
Don't you just hate clueless people that will do anything to get in the way of something that's gonna happen anyway . Just accept it and move on . 
Never lock me in a room with < PROPFEMALE > Mayfield because I would die because I wouldn't be able to breathe because I would be laughing too hard .......... 
well ....... there it is , now go die in it . 
Got a new phone and a new laptop ! 
I sure wish people would change the way you want them to . 
5 days after 5 11 , 9 and 21 became a match made in heaven . 
\Are you ready for some basketti and meatballs ?! \"- Robby Hanes " 
DON'T TOUCH THAT ! 
rTook my ACT this morning . Again . Just git home . That last semester of school really helped . Thanks all you teachers out there doin your jobs and making t 
rests easier for us . :) 
Corn makes chicken ! 
I don't get it . 
Thinking of doing something to somebody that involves high pressure hose , cat litter , a modified cheese grater and a small brown Chihuahua named \Larry \"." 
Procrastinating . Don't wanna do my government . Excited for tomorrow . :) 
He quashed them ! 
Anxiety attacks while driving are not fun . 
Happy Father's Day ! I have the best parents in the world :) 
First history test this morning . Not as bad as i thought it would be . Think i did pretty well :) 
\I'm not fat . I'm smooth \"- < PROPMALE > " 
Watching so you think you can dance with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Im an elephant \Quack . Quack \"" 
Find the People ! Find the People ! 
Stupid allergies . Took some benadryl . Goodnight world ! 
My ears r killing me !!!!!!! Owwwww 
If we could erase certain memories it could make life so much easier . 
Benadryl isn't working ! Uggggggg 
Really wish I could just make it go away . 
Stupid liars . 
Soooo tired . Wasnt able to go to sleep last night cuz of my freaking ears !!!!! Ugggh 
Im done ! Now to clean my room , then movies with < PROPFEMALE > Bale ! 
The Last Airbender with Katielynn and < PROPMALE > :) 
DON'T TOUCH MY ELECTRONICALS !!!!!! - < PROPFEMALE > Holland 
\Your nose wasnt supposed to be sticking out of your face ! \ " - Katielynn " 
Just finished my last test of this semester . I am finally done with government ! Yesssssss ! 
Strawberry shortcake <3 
My best friend is abusive :'( 
Gotta do my chores :/ then maybe goin to see Despicable Me with the bestie and baby brother . 
My ears are killing me ! Nothing is helping and they arent getting any better :( 
My mom is the bestest mom in the whole world ! 
Goin to the doc today at three . Hopefully we can get my ears fixed . 
Finished with my first week of < PROPMALE > ! Yay ! Now i gotta finish history but first I think ill make dinner 
I hate it when people dont follow directions . 
Its sooo FLUFFFFFFFYYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Robby : is squidward a squid or a octapus ? Me : a squid . Thats why hes ' squid'ward . Robby : right cuz if he was a octapus he would be called ' octapus'ward . 
Soooo tired and sooooo stressed . Finished three of my tests today . Will finish the other three tomorrow and finish the two discussion questions as well , then it's history time . Oh what joy !!!! :/ 
Done with my < PROPMALE > tests and yellow chicken for dinner ! Oh ya ! 
Feelin much better today . Its amazing the difference one person can make . 
Almost finished with < PROPMALE > then on to history . Hmmmm this sounds familiar . 
Watching Transformers 2 with < PROPMALE > and Daddy . 
Eclipse was pretty awesome . Thanks Aunt < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Best day of my summer 100 percent ! Lol 
Hes an evil devil child . 
Im going to have a mental breakdown . 
Doin homework with my little brother waiting for that call 
Orientation isnt as bad as i thought it was gonna be :) 
Can't wait to get my haircut ! 
Federalists Against Fathers Singing Assistance = FAFSA according to Mom ...... 
OMG just realized < PROPMALE > isn't here and I get to sleep in tomorrow ! Praise God !!!!!! 
Got my hair cut . Will post pics soon :) 
\Stood the Gitche Gumme ......... \"- Kay Mayfield " 
Youre weirded < PROPFEMALE > a hotdog chicken fried with a holy nut dog on sunday - < PROPMALE > Hanes 
$500 in groceries . Now i have to go home and unload it all :/ 
jSomeone locked the pantry this morning so little sticky fingers wasnt able to get into the junk food for breakfast , so instead he just three of the iced 
jsugar cookies sitting on the counter instead :/ 
I got an A . < PROPFEMALE > got a Z . I cheated off < PROPFEMALE > but she had a stray < PROPFIRST > on her paper . Bahahahahahah ! 
92 on my history final ! A's in all four summer classes . Woohoo ! 
Dear facebook chat , YOU SUCK !!!!! Love , < PROPFIRST > :) 
Would you like a sock full of butter ? 
So < PROPMALE > has a new girlfriend lol 
Is everyone going to the lake except me ?????? What is up with that ! Ugggggh tired of this house :( 
I hate stupid people . Second half of this day sucked ! Soooooo ready for college to start :) 
Got the stalls and barn all ready for my three new babies comin tmrw :) 
Just got home frm shopping with mom and < PROPMALE > . Now i gotta go check out the new babies . 
Mom put the sour cream in the microwave instead of the refridgerator . Thats how tired we are . 
Sittin here with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , waitin for Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Connor to finish their baseball meeting . 
I wouldn't have to manage my anger if you could manage your stupidity . :P 
I hate it when I have to try to be in a good mood . 
Just love being left out of things ...... 
Can't say what I really want to say , so I'm just gonna say goodnight . 
Parents are on a date , < PROPMALE > is in bed . Hmmmm what to do now ? 
Age 4-Mommy knows everything ! Age 8-Mom knows a lot ! At 12-Mom doesn't really know everything . At 14-Mom doesn't know much of anything . At 16-Mom doesn't exist . At 18-She's so old-fashioned . At 25-Maybe Mom doesknow about this ! At 35-Before we decide , let's ask Mom . At 45-I wonder ... what Mom thinks about this ? At 75-I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have or had the best MOM in the world 
Really need to go to sleep .... especially since I have to get up to take my brother to the bus in the morning even if my school doesnt start till next week . 
Not gonna wake up at seven again this morning paranoid that < PROPMALE > is gonna miss the bus . Haha ya right . I wish . Goodnight 
< PROPMALE > is sick . Poor thing went to sleep at like seven thirty ! Mom gave him benadryl and he didn't wake up to go to the bathroom . So now he's sleepin in her bed while his sheets are in the washer . Hahahahahahaha ! 
Felt great all day , even got to finish my book , then Mom asks if I don't feel good cuz I got dark circles under my eyes and now I feel bad :/ thanks Mom . 
I don't feel good . Im not in a good mood . Im tired . Can I just go crawl into a hole and stay there ? 
First day of school tomorrow . Bout to go to bed . Feelin better today . Made the awesomest dinner ever with my Mama tonight . So full I might burst lol 
Sittin here waitin for class to start 
It is so hot in this ag building ! 
Done ! Goin home 
Love love love my animal sci class ! 
Sittin at the end if my driveway in my truck eating twizzlers and waitin for the bus so < PROPMALE > doesnt have to walk home in the rain :( 
Got here super early for class . All the way here i felt like i was gonna be late . Now im bored :/ 
Really wish this whole sick thing would pass . I gotta go to a show tomorrow and i feel like crap :/ 
It was a fun good day . Got lots of practice pullin the trailer and acting like an ex show girl :) 
Strep sucks . 
We have a nw addition to the family today :) 
Headed to the doctor :/ 
Nobody wants to be in school today . Even all the teachers are lettin us out fifteen minutes early . 
Hangin with my fav person in the whole world ! 
This morning we added another new member to the family , Sable . Now < PROPFEMALE > has a friend :) 
Goin home ! Woohoo ! 
Surprising how things don't bother me as much anymore . Priorities have set their place in my life . I'm not gonna get upset , When one door closes another opens . Just let it be and let God take control . 
Hangin with < PROPFEMALE > after animal sci lab today :) 
They are having history class in the ag building ...... something is kinda off there 
Had a blast on my much needed girls night with two of my fav chicas !!! 
Had a blast at the opening house today ! Church in the mornin :) 
Church :) then lunch with my girls and < PROPMALE > lol 
I asked < PROPMALE > to come into the living room and fix the pillows on the couches . He yells back \I'm coming my sweet angel ! \ " If only I could be five again . " 
I'm at that point where you get so tired that you get super hyper and now I can't stop ! 
Too many tests this week ! Aaaaaahhhhhhhhh !!!! 
Im starving ! Gonna go get lunch with < PROPFEMALE > then goin to < PROPFIRST > :) 
Its raining . 
First test was sooooooooo easy ! 
You sure learn a lot sittin in the ag lounge with all the ag majors between classes ..... 
Do you want to feel my soybeans ? 
Soybean towel fight ! 
Stayed up waaaaaaay too late last night . 
Its a bit chilly outside 
My dad is the biggest goofball in the world lol 
My boots make my feet look big :/ 
For all of my out of town friends ~ We have a dear friend who has been battling cancer . Would you please stop and say a prayer for Coach Z and his family right now ? This profile picture is for him . ~ Everything is possible for him who believes ~ < PROPFIRST > 9:23 
“Deep in my heart I'm concealing things that I'm longing to say . Scared to confess what I'm feeling - frightened you'll slip away . ” 
Today feels weird ..... 
Three hours to kill ... hmm what to do ? Homewrok party anyone ? :/ 
When God said brains , some thought he said trains and got on the wrong track . 
Ipod+kitchen+nobody around = happy < PROPFIRST > :) 
I got an 85 on my test :( 
Well i used to like math 
Me : Vamanos ! \ 
Robby : What does that mean ? \ 
Me : Lets go . \ 
Robby : Oh . Ok . Lets go amigo ! :) 
Free 100 in animal sci today ! 
Teaching < PROPMALE > how to vaccuum lol :) 
Thinkin about changin my < PROPMALE > :/ 
Oww :( 
Why is it that people who have been together for two months are gettin married but the ones who have been together for two years are breaking up ? 
I love bein an ag < PROPMALE > . 
Sittin in animal science lab talking about EPDs of bulls and < PROPFEMALE > turns to me and says , \I want a taco . \ " What ??? " 
I guess you could call last night a succes . Didnt get everything done we were planning but we learned a lot ! Lol 
\i wonder if they put you in a bra before they bury you .... \"- source wishes to remain anonymous . ;) lol " 
Robby-\Im not goin with Daddy . Im goin with sissy and her girlfriend ( mariah)\ " . Omg to be five . " 
Wish I could make up my mind without everyone trying to make it up for me . 
My biology teacher is CRAZY !!! 
My voice sounds all raspy cuz i lost my voice sometime during the night . < PROPMALE > asks a question and says you dont sound like my sister . Are you sure its you ? 
Seafoo ? Whats that ? Maybe its like tofu , only saltier ! 
Gahhhh !!!!! 
Wish I could just talk to you ! Ugggggghhhh !!!!!! 
\But the < PROPFEMALE > is big ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > lmao . " 
Gonna go home and take a four hour nap !..... right after math lets out . 
Anybody wanna donate $3000 to me ? 
I dont wanna go to lab !!!!! 
Why can my math teacher remember everyone else except me ? 
I hate being in a bad mood for no reason uggh ! 
Can't wait for tonight !!!!!! :) 
Uggh bio , why must you suck so bad ? 
I hate being sick !!!!!! 
I can't breathe !!! 
Robbys gonna let me go trick-or-treating with him even though i dont have a costume . How sweet is he :) lol 
Coffee !!! 
I want my hair back ! :( 
Thinkin my life needs a < PROPMALE > remodel right now :/ 
God wants to bless your socks off :) 
I need some sunglasses :( 
Im pretty sure the girl that sits in front of me is drunk . 
Mom : They might even do a micro lab draw on you . \ 
Robby : What's a macker-macker mom ? \ 
Mom : A micro lab draw . \ 
Robby : Oh , whats a micro lap bar ? 
I'm tired of homework !!!! 
It feels amazing outside !!!!!!! I <3 it ! 
\Like the rising tide\ 
Mmmmmm hot chocolate :) 
So ready for it to be Saturday !!!!!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > is having surgery tomorrow . Prayers that all goes well please !! 
I hate high school college tours :/ ugggh 
Just gave bood , bout to eat some lunch with < PROPFEMALE > then i get to stick my hand in a cows butt ! Oh ya ! 
Just went in to surgery , talkin to the nurse all the way out . 
Hes out and awake ! 
So proud of my baby brother ! He had surgery today and took it like a champ . An hour after he woke up he was doing summer saults and jumping off things . He ordered pancakes and ate a full meal plus four posicles , two containers of ice cream , a pudding cup and all the fluids he could get ! Love ya Bubba , Sissy-Boo is so proud of you :) 
People should just leave things alone that aren't their business . Six flags tomorrow with the best friend ! Super excited !!! 
Made it to six flags all by myself ! Heck yes . Gonna be a good day :) 
Had an amazing Thanksgiving ! Hope everyone else did too . Stuffed now , ready for bed . Goodnight ! :) 
Got us a Christmas tree ! 
Needed to get away . Staying the night with my Isabeth ! Church in the morning :) first time in quite a while 
Well today sucked big time . Gonna watch some tv then go to bed . Goodnight :( 
\You took out popcorn right ? \ " \ " You don't make popcorn shrimp with popcorn Robby . \ " That's the mind of a five year old for ya lol " 
Tired . Didn't sleep well . Stupid bad dreams ..... 
Full of random stuff tonight ! So ready for this semester to be over . Im tired of homework . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec 6th ) there should no realfaces on FB , but an invasion of memories . This is for Fighting Violenceagainst children 
Only thing left for bio lab is the final next friday . Yay ! 
Gotta review for a test and a final , take a test and then its off to get my new puppy !!! 
I think im getting sick :/ ugggh ! 
Bout to take my last final of the day . My Grandaddy is still in surgery . Nervous about everything ! Ahhhhhhhhh !!!!! 
One more final on Wednesday and I am finished with my first true semester of college ! Yay !!!! 
No more finals !!!!!! 
\I was toy talking . Not talking to you guys . \"" 
Parents just pulled out of the driveway . Time to party ! Haha jk love you Mama ! 
I can't breathe ! Of course , I owe that to < PROPFEMALE > and the countless fits of laughter she gives me . 
Hi My name is ...... FRED !!!!! Oh wait who is < PROPFIRST > ? Oh well ! 
Dispicable Me with the cuz , the little brother , and my mama :) 
Goin to get some bloodwork done , sixflags tomorrow , then surgery on monday . 
Bout to leave for six flags ! 
Pain medicine is a good thing :) 
My daddy made me waffles for breakfast :) 
Life is short , Break the rules , Forgive quickly , Kiss slowly , Love truly , Laugh uncontrollably , And never regret anything that made you smile . 
I really wish my professors would post their lectures more than two hours before the class so I could look over it first . :/ 
Just got 100 on my first Psychology quiz ! 
Getting sick . Not fun . Gonna be a long day , time for psychology . Yay ! 
Having tons of fun watching the idiots in my ag lab spill sugar water all over the tables while attempting to pour it into the wrong end of the test tube . 
Is there a hole I can crawl into somehwere so i can do my homework ? It might be a little easier to concentrate there . 
No school again tomorrow . Heck yes ! 
Don't be down , be up . It's closer to Heaven :) 
It's been a long day already . But I have completed and submitted a psychology assignment thats not due until tomorrow and type all of my vocab for this chapter . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! 
It's been a loooong day . Im starting to get really sore and the neck stiffness thing is really kicking in now along with the headaches . Think I'll take a muscle relaxer and get some much needed rest . Goodnight world ! 
Lovin psychology 
Your avatar's not as big as mine so i win ! :P 
Late nights are a dangerous thing . 
At the movies with two of my besties and my lil bro :) 
I hate it when people fill up with gas at a diesel pump when all the other pumps are open :/ 
Ready for this test tomorrow . Sooooo tired . Goodnight ! 
Plant honesty , you will reap trust \ 
Plant goodness , you will reap friends \ 
Plant humility , you will reap greatness \ 
Plant perseverance , you will reap contentment \ 
Plant consideration , you will reap perspective \ 
Plant hard work , you will reap success \ 
Plant forgiveness , you will reap reconciliation \ 
So , be careful what you plant now ; it will determine what you will reap \ 
later . 
Had a horrible dream last night . Kinda got me stressed out . Too much is going on ugggh 
Hopefully gettin my truck tomorrow ! If everything goes right it should be done :) 
Its a boy !!!! 
I want watermelon ..... don't have any ..... darn 
Truck is done !!!! Yay !!!!! 
Don't you hate it when you ask a question but never get an answer ? I do :/ 
Someone forgot to take their happy pills this morning . 
Thinkin about dying my hair . What do you think ? 
Way too smart to be so stupid . 
Midterms today . Wish me luck 
I really need an easy button right about now . Uggh :/ 
The daylight is throwin me off ! 
Come with us Charrrliee ! 
\God never said life would be easy . \ 
Cupcakes with Rye :) yes I do know its 2 in the morning lol 
About to leave for church with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > McPherson and my daddy <3 
At the movies with Rye then off to walmart :) 
Not been such a great day so far but goin to do some college stuff with my girls < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > McPherson and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > in a little bit :) 
Baby lock the doors and turn the lights down low . <3 
It's BROTHER'S WEEK !! If You Have A Brother Who Has Made You Laugh , Punched You ( mine - never ) , Stuck Up For You , Drove You Crazy , Annoyed You To No End , Hugged You , Watched You Succeed , Saw You Fail , Picked You Back Up , Cheered You On , Made You Strong , and Is Someone You Are Very Proud To Have In Your Life , Re-Post This To Your Status ( Love you Pauley !!! ) 
Blueberry 
I really wish I were better at making decisions ....... :/ 
No one can take Your place and there is no other\ 
Forever Yours and Yours alone\ 
\ 
Now I'm in our secret place\ 
Alone in Your embrace\ 
Where all my wrongs have been erased\ 
You have forgiven 
Goin to see my Granddaddy tomorrow with my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > Thornton < PROPMALE > and lil bro :) 
Ummm you lost your balloon ...... 
One down . One to go ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > McPherson \Adventurous Root Formation ! \ " this is what happens when we dont sleep enough haha " 
Both tests for the week done ! Got a psych quiz tonight and then I'm done for the week ! 
In honor of Texas Rangers Opening Day on Friday , put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Yankees Fan . Being a Yankees Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for Yankees Fan . Sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of Rangers fans will re-post this simply because we know how to copy/ paste -- as well as tie our shoes and win . 
5:30 is waaaaay too early . Sulpher springs here i come :/ 
I think ive seen enough gay cowboys in the past three hours to last me the rest of my life . 
Need a name for a little red heifer . Help please ! 
I hate economics uggggh 
Gonna have an awesome night with my girls ! 
Finished my pig farm ! Yay ! Nervous and excited . We are gonna rock this presentation :) 
Seven came way too early this morning . Feel like im gonna fall over uggh 
When God leads you to the edge of the < PROPMALE > , trust Him fully and let go , only 1 of 2 things will happen , either He'll catch you when you fall , or He'll teach you how to fly ! 
:) I love it 
