Looking for something to do today .. 

I be that man on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
I see the internet is on computers now .. 
Did you realize that you were a champion in their eyes ? 
And I heard ' em say , nothin ever promised tomorrow today 
Accidentally exposed himself to Swine flue vaccine .. for actual swine . Hmm .... 
is cooler than a polar bear's toenails . 
Last day in the area for like 4 months 
All morons hate it when you call them a moron . 
Is in Boston ... and liking it more and more by the minute . 
wants to know the final dorm selection to start furnishing his room . 
is done with the first day of classes : ) 
realizes this is the eye before the storm , but still loving it just the same . 
You need to get up , get out , and get something ; how will you make it if you never try ? 
Modern guilt is all in our hands , Modern guilt won't get me to bed , Say what you will , Smoking my cigarette , Don't know what I've done but I feel afraid 
Whoo . First exams tomorrow . 
Standing on the board , board is on the wheels , wheels are on the ground , spinning round and round . 
Oh the joys of psets . Only calc left to do :) 
The universe is shaped exactly like the earth , If you go straight long enough you'll end up where you were . 
Now everyday we look up at the ceiling , Watchin ceiling fans go around tryin < PROPFEMALE > catch that feelin 
Really should straighten my sleep schedule out . 
I'm losing my edge . 
To whom much is given much is tested . 
Gonna be back in Minnesota from the 24th to the 29th ! If any homies want to < PROPFEMALE > then , give me a call or text . 
Back in Cambridge ... thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
One week . 
Subvert normality . 
It's just a poem until y'all learn right from wrong , Know when to bless a situation-when to grab the chrome . 
It's the return of the gansta .. 
Up to cloud for the night . 
Yes , I wish that for just one time you could stand inside my shoes , you'd know what a drag it is to see you . 
Sometimes I can't find my good habits . 
I wish I was half the man my dog thinks I am . 
I'm never as tired as when I'm waking up . 
Hmmm ... 20 hours for a 6 < PROPFEMALE > paper . I should really stop cornering myself like this . Oh well . 
When bright young minds can't afford college , < PROPFEMALE > pays the price . Take note California . 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
About to go for a long run along the < PROPFIRST > :) 
Sideways falling . 
6 < PROPFEMALE > paper tomorrow , chem exam Wednesday , calc exam Thursday , and physics quiz Friday . Busy week , eh ? 
< PROPFIRST > , this is the way the world works ! If you want to find some quality friends , you gotta < PROPMALE > through all the dicks first ! 
Biking to Walden Pond !! 
Good ride :) 40 < PROPMALE > and got to see Walden pond , Bunker Hill , and the U.S.S Constitution 
Kinda just want to crawl into a hole this weekend and catch up on sleep . 
I'm oddly attracted to pulling all nighters .. 
My get up and go must've gone up and went . 
Final paper , physics quiz , calc final , then chem final . Getting close :D 
Another festivus miracle !!! 
I'm on my grind , don't block my shine 
One more week then back to the wood ! 
Bye Boston ... see you again in two months . 
Kinda missing a phone and other conveniences ... hopefully they'll show up ! 
Faith is what you make it . 
Going to MOA to dive with the sharks ! :) 
Be good or be good at it 
I love scotch . Scotchy , scotch , scotch . Here it goes down , down into my belly .. 
Two more days then peacin ' out to Boston ! 
Snus is my new fetish . 
I need to get stupid , Butters . I'm getting all the blood to rush to my head and watching a marathon of Two and a Half Men . 
Treading along .. 
Puked on the first day of wrestling practice ... what an awesome start ! 
I feel like the leader than no one follows . 
\There's countless examples of very classy actors doing black face . We got the great C . < PROPFIRST > Howell in Soul Man . We got the Wayans Brothers in White Chicks . That was a very tasteful example of reverse blackface . \"" 
Kanye is an egotistical prick , but damn his music is something else . My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy is simply awesome . 
Less than a year from now , I will be an adult .... or at least more of an adult :D Thanks for the good will everyone ! 
Have to get another ACL reconstruction ..... yay ... 
If you're blessed with talent , utilize it to the fullest , be true to yourself , and stay humble . 
