gonna maybe think about getting back in shape , this time not gonna add beer in the training 

rockin the road to < PROPFIRST > to maybe see cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of meatballs 
thinking about running till i can't . gotta get back to breathin 
on my new workout plan , nyquil , v8 , poweraid and sleep . gonna get swoll up 
weathering storms 
stoked to forget for a < PROPFEMALE > 
official fight date Nov 14th Reno . yikes 
back from vaca and two week till fight day . 
jacked up ribs and even worse off ego , thanks < PROPFIRST > for the invite hope to become more of a regular occurrence ! 
show was sick , bummer if you missed it . thanks tj for supporting me the whole time . i now own this headache that bounced with me the whole time i was running . 
has torn cartilage in his ribs , wondering if fighting sat is a good idea 
no more fight , super bummed , another time when im not fallin apart 
it is what it is until it is what it isnt , then it is what it is 
rockin nights with kenflow as the wingman . good times no matter what 
Nine more weeks and I'm back with my perfect family ... that includes sisters and parents . 
will be in < PROPFIRST > tomorrow night and possibly gza sat . good week im thinkin 
gym anyone ........? 
may the best of your today's be the worst of your tomorrows , love the line !!! 
really would like to be asleep right now ??? is it A D D when you try to count sheep and loose count cause you start to wonder what color the fence they are jumping over is and if it would look better painted a different color ??? 
gym tomorrow , and tues , then wendover with the gf for my bday , anyone fell like making the trip with us ???? 
anyone know what the temp is like in wendover . still super cold ????? 
is bored , who wants to drink beers right now 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
leg day , whos with me ??????????????????? yeah didnt think so . 
< PROPFIRST > tomorrow , < PROPFEMALE > and me + < PROPFEMALE > = super awesome 
dlab test today , wish me luck , even though i have no idea what to expect or what it really is . ha , apt test on how well you can learn a language . odd 
taco night and my beautiful < PROPFEMALE > . i shall name her squishy and she shall be my squishy 
tomorrow = my girl , my baby girl , possible tattoo , and maybe a b day party . seems fun . 
off to target for a wedding present , then the wedding . good thing my lovely lady got me such nice pants so i will have something appropriate to wear . ill just dress < PROPFEMALE > real cute so the focus stays on her . ha 
learned the beginning of Axel F on my daughters keyboard thanks to monsters vs . aliens . super awesome . 
fabulous , fabtron , fabtron3030 , the fab , the hulk , < PROPMALE > , hightower ..... if you can think of anymore from the past feel free to remind me . 
ha , life and its twists . i like ! 
new bed for the little one , i think more fun for dad putting it together then it really was for her seeing it . 
is thinking the earth has joint problems 
home from the physical , nap time , gym , and my little angel . 
thank you to everyone for the congrats on the engagement , and if i havent called you yet or you find out from someone else other then me or < PROPFEMALE > then dont be mad . trying to get to everyone eventually lol 
owl , < PROPFIRST > , fri night with the lady , whos in ?????? 
i can feel it callin in the air tonight , ive been waitin for this moment all my life , oh lord !!!! djz-trip&djp . 
rockin some ju jitsu with good ol < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > tomorrow at fowelys . start making your bets on who will win 
two games of frolf , two hours of ju jitsy , one knarly sun burn line , now off to bed so i can wake up early and see my gorgeous lady to the airport for her boston trip . 
shippin out july 13 , lets get in our partyin before hand , whos in 
super stoked to kick it with the fiance and all the gang tomorrow , time to get crazy . gonna bowl a 300 .............. yeah ill prob be drunk 
everybody join the group \dont make Mr < PROPMALE > cover his tattoos\ " Read up as well . " 
Made it to a super 8 in just outside of downtown Alabama . God I really hope the car is here in the morning . 
Made egg sandwiches at 530am Utah time for < PROPFIRST > and I . Thanks to my girl I know how to make them real good . Good enough to get < PROPFIRST > to work ontime . 
If we r fundamentally free , can never escape the necessity for individual choice , then the only realistic attitude is to accept our situation and make our choices with full awareness of what we are doing . 
Crab legs , good < PROPMALE > , and sweet little southern < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > made for a great last day in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Two hr layover in atl by myself ... Super boring . Better start meeting people 
Can't wait to be back with both my ladies . 
I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have is memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake in which I'll never part . God has you in his keeping , I have you in my heart . ...... Repost if you have someone special in heaven . 
glad to get a day to myself , well , wouldnt have minded if my girl was with me . love the sun 
kickin it with the homies tomorrow and watchin my nephues football team stomp some fools 
Two < PROPMALE > at least and stairs at the old highschool . I might just be in shape someday 
cant wait to start on my mr home improvement job i will have for the next month or so before i leave , hopefully help releave some stress for my beautiful wife to be 
soon the house will be a home . 
anyone have a really cheap washer dryer combo they wanna sell me . ksl has good stuff but i figured id try this route and see how it works 
city club , face punches , good times with long lost friends and relieving stress from another is a fantastic life in my book 
at this point i really wish i knew a bit more about electrical , oh and i hate electrical home improvements 
Dude I don't think your supposed to take those with beer ! Dude , water has beer in it- spen 
House about done , time to clean and throw away the nonsense 
hoping to finish up the house today then finish errands that need to be done so i can leave with a free mind . 
Whole wheat saves your life 
Three leg days in a row !!! Getting back to the gym after a month never hurt so good 
Your the beep beep to my beep 
My father taught me to appreciate life , life taught me to appreciate being a father , I think that's called the circle of parenting 
How bad of a pitcher do u have to be to walk someone in dart baseball 
Two mile run while listening to thrice ( thanks kondo ) bowl of life and blood sport , been chanting kumite ever since 
I think u can consider it a good day when u get a lot of chores done all while watching blood sport I think five times now . Yeah house work and man movies . Maybe commando next ...... double punch 
Wendover bachelor party , get here . 
Wedding was awesome good times , loved seeing everyone . Thanks a bunch 
Gym , errands , babies ss card and winco ..... yeah 
Two days till < PROPFEMALE>'s unbirthday , two days after I'm out 
Good dinner with the family and now I'm headed out for seven months . See u all soon 
Loves his family , all my homies better take care of them while I'm gone 
Done with this shit steak 
I love my wife , miss u already again babe . Thanks mom for being there as well 
thanksgiving maybe home , x mas home for sure , either way get to be with my babe and cant wait 
doesnt much care for 42 degree pt at four in the am . ha but chow is cool 
can you really consider it a four day weekend when you have two mandatory sometimes three formations and have to dress up for all of them . weekends arent all that fun . come on phase five and the opp to wear civilian clothing . ha 
wishes cheap flights to richmond were actually cheap . anyone got some knowledge on how to get cheaper flights , cheapest im finding is around 460 
cant wait to be back in the civillian life again . miss my family and friends and reagular ass clothes . lol 
some of the most important things in life are so small you never know you missed them . 
oooooohhhhhh i got friends at 1080 ....!!!!!!! 
waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to get on skype 
not diggin the 70+ super humid temps out here , especially when i keep hearing about the cold and snowy weather my utah home is getting . 
just had a mini sesh of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > friends in low places in the hallway of my barracks with two battles . ...... yeah we like to party 
day off today , ended up turning into a 16k ruck march , all by choice ish . super awesome walking across the state of < PROPFEMALE > only to find not so awesome malls . boo this place 
Tried to sleep in and still woke up at seven , go army lol 
back to the grind only three more weeks i gotta make it through then my life is perfect for four days . excited 
sleepy , first night in a while ive gone to bed without skypin with my beautiful wife . feel like a little boy without his blanky . lol 
< PROPFEMALE > needs to get on line so i can skype with her seeing as how my phone is not working at the moment 
true love for sure , even when they are grumpy you still think they are the cutest thing you ever met . 
Some people are so ridiculous . What makes u think u can take credit for someone else's hard work . Super lame 
cake cake cake cake cake cake , i want some cake . only have to wait 11 days for real awesome cake . 
almost halfway done with the week then the weekend and three days till i have her to myself . 
cant wait for lifes stresses to go away , at least for five ish days , in five days ! 
< PROPMALE > in the morning , 3$ , good stuff . Four more days 
Anyone want to buy or know someone who wants a 05 Jeep GC 
I will be happy once she is here on time safe and sound 
She says waiting stinks , I'm on my way getting car sick in the taxi but still have a surprisingly phenomenal attitude . Ha 
Best week I've had in a long time , miss u already babe , Utah bound in 20 days . 
Miss my wife family and all my homies . 
D&c at 6am in 25 degrees in this windbrkr they call a winter jacket . Ha , that and if ur gonna teach me how to March learn to call cadance on the right foot . Again\ 
. ha 
27 degree group runs equal booooo 
time to start hitting the weights again , been a little to long and it hurts so good going back 
#1 , she's the only one that matters , don't need to count any higher . Love u babe 
people talk , to your face , behind your back whatever , i say if you could care less who hears you say what then say what you gotta say and let the world hear too . some people need to wake up and realise the truth . 
Is very greatful that he has a beautiful wife who takes care of him and is an amazing mother . i could not have asked for anything better in my life . only 5 more days after this one . 
Three < PROPMALE > in 15degrees , last full day of school before I start packing things up to come home to my gorgeous wife and daughter plus f&f . 
Half day then starts the long process of getting everything done to leave . Wake up sat at 0001 hope I get sleep prior . 
well so far my record is everyone who has rolled me = 0 , me = alot , i need to get back home and start training again so i can get beat up and learn something for a change . ha . couple more hours and im home 
On the bus finally headed to the airport 
Sitting in vegas . So close . 
very greatful for all the bad things that have happened in my life , because without them i would never be able to appreciate all the great things in my life now 
Thanks God for fb to pass time between great conversation and bathroom breaks 
kids say the darndest things , especially when they are lead to have an opinion . i am thankful for such an amazing wife who takes such great care of our daughter even when interference makes it frustrating . 
A little gym time then more < PROPMALE > . Productive weekend 
back to school , oh wait no prob just sitting in a break room all day waiting for people ..... cough cough ..... to get their shi organized for once . wasted time is great . on a good note though i love my wife and cant wait to be home in two months yesterday 
good four day weekend almost over , 15 days till more good buddies go home which will be hard but just makes it that much closer to my end date . coming fast utah better get ready for my pretty face 
Good smoking by drill sergeant .... I mean first sergeant this morning . Someone should let him know he was promoted and to learn consistency and delegation so he doesn't seam so ridiculous when he blows up . 
Good smoking by drill sergeant .... I mean first sergeant this morning . Someone should let him know he was promoted and to learn consistency and delegation so he doesn't seam so ridiculous . 
Ha BK for dinner instead of dfac food . Thanks babe for saying yes and Sparr for needin a battle < PROPMALE > 
cant wait to be home so i can actually be involved with my own life . 
i thought sergeants were here to teach us what to do and how to do it better , not to waste our time and shit talk us like we were three . basic was four months ago homie if you want to be a drill sergeant do it on ur own time 
four < PROPMALE > no sweat , .............. thats a lie i was really sweaty 
no one in this world is perfect , heaven knows im not , but i love her more than anyone else possibly could . In the end thats all that matters . shes my < PROPMALE > at something else , something better and theres no way im letting go of that . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > statham , death race- ....... ha you thought is was gonna be cool . although did apply to his daughter and wife 
almost in the teens , soon soon soon . one week of school and done .... ish 
Stupid board tomorrow , wanna punch my battles in the face for making me have to do it 
eleven days and ill be through . ill be glad and how bout u !!!! 
tuesday my friends cannot come soon enough , turned in weapons today and all my gear tomorrow . peace out ft < PROPFIRST > i hope to never have to come to VA again . 
home by nine , sounds good to me . 
Anyone wanna frolf 
Got to roll with some pretty good guys today , been awhile , much appreciated < PROPFIRST > 
sure do like the opportunity ive been getting to do some ju jitsu . thanks again < PROPFIRST > 
I need a job . does anybody have any serious ideas . 
Ouch !!!!! 
