No kiss at midnight for me :( 

If 2010 starts as bad as 2009 is ending then somebody please put me outta my misery . 
This night is looking up ! 
Sometimes it's not the optimist you need , but another pessimist to walk beside you and know , absolutely know , that it really is as bad as you think . 
In need of advice 
This year I'm am going to be more cautious about who I let in my life and who I trust . 
been up all night with my sick ' lil girl , poor baby ! :( 
Love is my disease . 
' bout to lose my frickin mind ! 
Feel like i'm finally going in the right direction ! 
Believe nothing , no matter where you read it or who said it , unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense . 
Just had an epiphany ... I don't like it . 
Excited . Home Run Derby ! 
Happy 5th birthday to my daughter < PROPFEMALE > ! 
taking the girls to the park in a lil while , such a beautiful day ! 
Finding out who my true friends are ! 
Extremely confused but too tired to try and figure it all out . 
Need to take a shower and get motivated ! 
This is way easier than I thought ! 
Just finished a really great book . Very inspiring ! 
I so want this day to be over already . 
All sorts of excited ! 
I need sleep 
This is ridiculous ! I'm so annoyed . 
Just put on a pair of pants that I haven't wore in forever and found 20 bucks ! Hell yeah ! 
People really need to quit flipping out ! 
I really think he has spies watching me 
I hate it when people show up unexpectedly ! 
God gave me a mouth the closes and ears that don't . 
Went to the gym . Feeling great . I really need to start going everyday . 
Roller Derby tonite ! 
I'm done . 
Wishin I was done with work already ! 
tired 
I totally suck at life ! 
finally mastered it ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s RedHot sauce .... mmmmmm ! 
Some people really enjoy watching me fall . 
I can't stop smiling ! 
Looking at apartments 
Why must my past always come back to haunt me ? 
Goody ! Just the person I wanted to see . Not ! 
Ignorance sure is bliss ... no mind , no worries ... I wish I could be weak minded like some people then maybe my life would be grand as well . 
going swimming with the girls in a bit . 
taking my girls shopping for school clothes ... then hopefully < PROPFEMALE > by the pool . 
Taking a nap . I'm so tired . 
I know sour , which allows me to appreciate the sweet . 
Really ? Quit crying about it and get over it ! 
I really hate it when people don't tell me the whole truth . 
really irritated right now ! 
Mom and I are heading to Illinois to visit my lil brother . I'm so excited . I haven't seen him in a while . 
Feels like crap , but is still really happy ! 
< PROPFEMALE > starts kindergarten tomorrow ! 
Kids are back to school . Funny how my kindergartener wasn't nervous at all and totally fine but my oldest who's in second grade was freakin out and didn't want me to leave her . 
My computer crashed last night 
Life comes at you fast , gotta take it all in stride ! 
It's whatever ! 
How did I mess it up this bad ??!! 
Tired of people being dissapointed in me . 
is lacking motivation . 
is so hyper ! 
super frustrated ! 
People who make stupid videos of themselves doing dumb crap should be smacked around . 
Much needed girls night out tonite ! 
is not a believer anymore . 
would like to push everyone very far away . I would like to be solitary . When there is no one to hear your problems , you have no problems . 
\Action expresses priorities . \"" 
Staying strong and trying not to listen to his drunken words ... 
You inspire me . <3 
watching movies with my wonderful daughters ! 
oh yeah ... :) 
Just finished eating sushi . Wish the weekend wasn't over . 
current goal ... beat Guitar Hero 3 on expert 
um ... 
Bacon wrapped chicken with bleu cheese and pecans for dinner tonite ! Yum . 
is donating plasma for flat screen TV's 
Indecision is the key to flexibility 
is my name . 
is thinkin ' ... bubble bath ! 
note to self ... scrambled eggs take so much long when you forget to turn the burner on . 
Is drinking coffee for your protection ... :) 
why is it when you have the purest intentions people think the worst of you ? 
wishes she could fly off to never never land . 
I wonder sometimes if we ever give God a headache . 
is going out tonite to drink water and behave . :) 
Full of life and love today . It's Friday Bitches !!! 
Believes there is always good that can be found in a bad situation . 
I absolutely hate grocery shopping . 
Watching Cards game and baking cookies with the girls . 
Trying to decide what to fix for dinner . 
One hour til True Blood season finale ! 
Life is too short to be anything but happy ! 
One Tree Hill is back ! 
I am totally in love with life right now ! 
Common sense is unfortunately not very common . 
is happy . It's that simple . 
President Obama called Kanye a \Jackass\ " . How awesome ! " 
is pretty sure that her children have banded together and are actively trying to drive her completely insane ... 
The day started going fine , then I woke up ! 
Thinkin ' about going out ... not sure if I want to though . 
<3 Nobody makes me smile like you do ! <3 
I normally love the rain ... but I hate it today ! 
Creepy people need to leave me alone ... seriously ! 
playing with worms and dirt with the kiddos 
Are you kidding me ? 
Homemade pizza with green peppers and onions ... yum my favorite ! 
If only closed minds came with closed mouths ... 
Life is great ! 
Mmm ... coffee ! 
Open house at < PROPFEMALE>'s school tonight . 
I used to be love drunk , but now I'm hungover . 
I'm soooo tired ! 
Music always understands ! 
I want sushi tonight . 
Now I remember the only reason I have to motivate myself to go to the gym ... eye < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Lunch with mom then after I need to actually try to accomplish things . 
I love today <3 
At my momma's making lasagna . 
So conflicted right now ... 
Can't make a decision ... why is this sooo hard ? 
fixing peanut butter and jelly french toast for girls , then going to library to get some books and then the park . 
Sitting out here trying to read and the neighbor kids are so annoying ... I know that's proabably mean but go home and bug your own parents ! 
Sitting with neighbors drinkin ' beer ! I love sundays . 
I need my sister ! I sooo miss her . 
I just got the most amazing back rub from < PROPFEMALE > . 
A pretty face can hold an evil mind 
And my time is a piece of wax fallin’ on a termite , that’s chokin’ on the splinters 
When I'm with you I feel like I could die and that would be alright ... alright ... 
Where we used to laugh .. There's a shouting match ... Sharp as a thumbnail scratch ... A silence I can't ignore ... 
I shall call him Squishy and he shall me mine and he shall be my Squishy . 
Everything is easier with a smile on your face . 
Money going out totally outweighs money coming in lately . 
Excited for tonight ! 
I really really hate fuckin exes ! Argh ! 
What a fuckin fantastic start to the day ... coudn't possiblly be any worse . 
You were a song in my head , the warmth of the sheets in my bed , a story forever told , but never old , a warm arrival never left so cold ... 
Grilled chicken < PROPMALE > , salad and bruschetta for dinner . 
If he only knew ... 
Your lips , your eyes , your smile , your kiss , I must admit it's a part of me . You please me , complete me , filling me like a < PROPFEMALE > . 
No matter what kind of high , there's always a come down . 
feels drained , exhausted and my whole body hurts . 
Waiting for one tree hill to start , then taking a bubble bath and hopefully finish my book . 
Se alkoi suudelmasta < PROPFEMALE > päättyi suihinottoon . 
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys . 
Don't blink , don't close your eyes and most of all don't apologize , it's me who's got the demons to wrestle now ... 
Epic meltdown from my 3 y/o ... did I mention how much fun it is to be a parent ! 
Finally got caught up on all the laundry ! 
Meltdown # 4 ... I think it's naptime ! 
Thanks ... wtfever ! 
Why am I up so early when I don't have to be ? 
Was a great day until somebody had to ruin it ! 
Not going to let him ruin my day ... going to get baby girl from school and fix lunch and be all goofy and have fun ! 
I think I have my halloween costume figured out ! 
Outside playing catch with the girls . 
is really tired of feeling like this ! 
Got sweet n sour chicken cooking in the crock pot for dinner tonight ... hanging with my 3 wonderful girls today , going to the city museum then catching a movie . 
feeling very nostalgic 
need to start organizing my life 
When you can't get through it , you can listen to it . 
Cleaning up dinner stuff ... gonna work on homework with the girls before OTH comes on . 
I swore I'd never fall again , but this don't even feel like falling ... 
People are so confusing ... I'm tired of trying to figure it all out . 
Love is a choice accompanied by faith , discipline and < PROPFEMALE > . 
I feel like a sloth on valium . 
I'm sooo tired and wanna go back to bed ... 
Grow up , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My bestie brought me coffee ... oh how I love her . 
People are probably generally nicer than you think , just give ' em a break and let things go . 
Mmm ... spaghetti ! 
is lost within the twisted confines of my mind ... 
Why do kids know everything except where their shoes are first thing in the morning ? 
There's a spider in my bathroom and it's so gross and no one is here to kill it for me ... I just threw a cup over it , hopefully it won't get out . 
So ... my oldest daughter has head lice ... this is the first time any of my kids have gotten it ... 
I just love how I go to walmart to get a few things and end up spending 200 dollars . 
You won't get far in life if people think you are rude . So if you are going to be rude , at least hide it from others . 
Don't think I've ever wanted to punch someone so much in my life ... 
I really starting to dislike my mom a whole lot . 
This is not the life I ordered . 
thinks it's time to get drunk and forget this shitty day :) 
It's Friday ????? 
If only it were as easy to delete people in real life ! 
There are good days and there are bad days and then there are THOSE days ! 
\Anything that can go wrong will go wrong . \"" 
Relaxing and watching a movie with the girls . 
Totally bored with life . 
It's so beautiful outside ... I'm totally putting off all this stuff I gotta do for work and gonna take < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to the park . 
The more I get to know people , the more I love my dog ... I don't even have a dog . 
Stepped out on my porch and got attacked by ladybugs . They are everywhere . 
Wtf ? 
is drinking a Capri Sun juice box ... so yea , I'm pretty much gangsta . 
Morning is nature's way of saying , HA HA , you gotta do it all over again ... sucker ! 
It really bothers me to see people being suuuch assholes , and acting like they're completely okay with being that way . 
Lunch time ! What to eat ? 
just dropped skittles in the toilet and flushed ... it was like a 10 second Nascar race 
I am soooo not motivated this morning ! 
I can see a happy ending if I stand up tall . 
Sometimes we put up walls . Not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to knock them down . 
I want beer ! 
Watching a movie then headed to bed . 
29 days !!! 
So tired but can't fall asleep . 
So ... tired ... ughh ! 
cleaning up the house , girls are in the bath ... then bedtime for the kiddos and peace and quiet for me . 
Went grocery shopping and finally got girls ' halloween costumes . 
is cooking up some awesomeness ! 
Being a mom means pushing swings for an hour because you're hopelessly addicted to the sounds of your children's laughter ! 
Making wings ! If only I had some beer to drink with them . 
blah blah blah ...!!!! 
People who want to share their religious view with you , almost never want you to share yours with them . 
needs a < PROPFEMALE > and a beach . 
Hanging at Heathers ... I really need to stop drinking beer , but it's soooo good . 
So much to consider . 
I am so creeped out from watching Paranormal Activity . I don't even wanna go to sleep by myself . 
Taking girls to Safe Halloween tonite . 
Girls had a blast tonight ... finishing up laundry then watching a movie with the girls . < PROPFEMALE>'s been feeling a lot better so hopefully I won't be up all night with her . 
Apparently it's now racist to suggest someone might be currently eating a taco . 
is hungover . 
I may be a bitch but I have a huge heart . 
I'm hot , sticky sweet from my head to my feet , yeah ! 
Salami sandwich with bbq sauce is surprisingly really good . 
Reliviing my youth and watching The Secret World of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Scariest thing about Halloween is that there's only 55 shopping days left ' til Christmas ! 
I was holding on , now I'm letting go , this is nothing more than a picture show , everything I knew , now I hardly know . 
So tired ... watching a movie then going to bed . 
Why are tires so expensive ? 
My daughter has a red rash all over her legs and she keeps saying it hurts really bad ... I have no clue what it is . 
Not used to the time change yet ... I've been sleepy by 7 lately . 
My whole body hurts . 
The only people you need in your life are the ones that need you in theirs . 
My kids do not know how to eat without throwing food everywhere ! Ugh ! 
Making a font of my handwriting . 
Eat some rainbows and poop some butterflies ... it's Friday ! 
Up at 5:30 am on a Saturday , wtf ? Guess I'll go to the gym , haven't gone in ages . 
Love is giving him the power to destroy you , but trusting him not to . 
A big part of me will forever be defined by the worst thing that ever happened to me . 
Laughter is beyond contagious it's infectious . 
\Not one DROP of my SELF WORTH depends on your ACCEPTANCE of me \"" 
There is no mistaking a real book when one meets it . It is like falling in love . - < PROPFIRST > Morley 
\This nation will remain the land of the free only so long as it is the home of the brave . \ " ~ Elmer < PROPMALE > " 
Thank you to our women and men who have served and are currently serving our country ! Happy Veterans ' Day ! 
:) 
Loves how she can't trust anybody , not even family ! 
Going to the Magic House with the kiddos today . 
\Squidward ? Squidward ! The sky had a baby from my cereal box ! \"- Spongebob " 
I'm so exhausted . Bedtime is early tonight ... yawn . :/ 
< PROPMALE > light and pop tarts . 
37 hours , 13 mintues til New < PROPFEMALE > ! 
trying to decide on what to fix for dinner . 
wish I could not go to work and just stay in bed a lil longer . 
Large coffee with 8 shots of espresso PLEASE ! 
Tryin to make some time to spend with my man ... I miss him . 
I'm sleepy but too lazy to go to bed . 
Kids are playing Barbies , pretending they are dead ... weirdos ! 
Pizza with green peppers , onions and black olives ... yum ! <3 
Finally got my ipod to unfreeze and now it won't sync :( 
Knowledge is NOT power . APPLIED knowledge is power ! 
My kids seem to be extra whiney tonight . 
\Don't be afraid to go out on a limb . That's where the fruit is . \"" 
Thankful for my three beautiful daughters . 
Sooooo stuffed ! Packing then going to Toys R us at midnight and work in the a . m .... After work I'll be on my way to see my sister ! I'm so excited ... it's been way too long since I've seen her . 
Another thing I'm thankful for ... children of conservatives with the courage to challenge the ignorance and fears of their parents . 
Redbull and Southern Comfort 
Dont let the people from your past linger in your mind and ruin your future with someone new ...... I should definately follow this advice . 
Sweet Jesus . Seriously , fuck my life ! 
In < PROPFIRST > Kong , a wife may legally kill husband if he cheats . 
I love it when people actually do what they say they are gonna do . 
I love my kids to death but I really should have been wiser in whom I chose to procreate with . 
\Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are . \ " - < PROPMALE > Cobain " 
is missing someone . 
Three hours of sleep ... work should be fun today ! 
Hello , Friday . I <3 you ! 
Coffee is my best friend ! 
Yay ! I found my phone . 
Makin ' dinner ... should finish wrapping Christmas gifts later but it's soooo boring ! I need some entertainment . 
I really wanna sit and watch The Notebook so I can sob my brain out . 
Omg ... my child grinds her teeth in her sleep and listening to it is like nails on a chalkboard . 
Wow . 
Figures ! 
This lotion makes me smell like i'm Strawberry Shortcake's OB/GYN . 
Awake and cold . I want coffee . 
I'm freezing . I need < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Newnham to warm me up . 
No wonder I'm so cold ... I have a temp . of 102 . :( 
In bed under the blankets trying to catch up on the tv shows I haven't kept up with . 
Bought girls Christmas dresses the other day and I went in their closet and somehow there is nail polish and lipstick all over them !!! How am I supposed to get it out ? 
coffee = heaven , off to work , hopefully tonight doing some more Christmas shopping . 
Sooo tired ! Thankful it's Friday ... Can't wait for it to be five o ' clock already . 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > for her screening this morning ... then shopping , shopping , shopping and then force myself to start wrapping gifts or it's never going to get done . 
Finished all the laundry , wrapped all the presents , gonna take a bath and catch up on some reading . 
Going out for brunch with the parents . 
Of course the day I dont ' have to go to work until 11 and I'm up at 6 o'clock . wtf ? 
So excited for this weekend ... my nephew and his wife and brand new baby are coming to town ... I can't wait to see them . 
Some people are very immature and do the stupidest things to prove their feelings but they end up looking like an ass . 
Mmm ... rootbeer float ! 
Another day of work ... then tonight I get to see my man <3 
Caring is going to kill me . 
Wish I could frame you and this feeling on the wall To stare at ' til there is no time 
I seriously am the luckiest girl alive :) 
Finally figured out what to get my dad for Christmas . 
This wrecking ball you're holding , could crush the heart you've stolen 
Chillin ' with my lil miss < PROPFEMALE > g 
Baking cookies and < PROPFEMALE > with my mom and aunt . 
Don't let a day go by without telling someone that you love them . Out loud . Your reflection in the mirror counts . 
What's meant to be will always find a way . 
According to him , I'm beautiful incredible , he can't get me outta his head . 
played santa ... gonna lay in bed and watch a movie ... hopefully the girls don't get me up too early 
Why am I awake ? My kids are fast asleep and no work ' til Monday . 
Going shopping later ... then still have Christmas with more family later this afternoon 
Downloading the software for my daughter's new < PROPFEMALE > Links doll has taken 3 hours and it's still only at 50% ... should have done this before she got the doll if I knew it was going to take this long 
This weekend is already over ? Gotta go back to work tomorrow ... BOO ! 
My boyfriend is on his way back from Arizona ! Yay ... I haven't seen him in almost two weeks . 
2011 will be full of blessings , smiles , love , laughter and rainbows and butterflies . All that good stuff ! 
:( 
Up . Took a shower . Got a few loads of laundry done . Today will be a good day ! 
I see it coming and I don't know how to stop it . 
Banana pancakes would be sooo good right now ! I totally want some . 
Blue 
Office Space is on . Best movie ever ! 
Being nice is only hard when others aren't . 
taking my girls out for lunch then going shopping . My kids are the best ! 
Without < PROPMALE > , the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable . 
My voice is almost gone and it hurts so bad to talk . 
Head we will and tails we'll try again . 
I am in an amazingly great mood right now :) 
Since the moment I spotted you I'm walking around with little wings on my shoes . 
I really just don't know anymore . 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Just might implode . 
Going bowling with a friend I haven't seen in years ! 
lacking motivation this morning 
Everythings sounds so much more disdainful and awesome in a British accent . Realized this watching American Idol last night . 
I did the macarena with my sister in a hole because big bird says he's my leader . 
Life is a sexually transmitted disease and the mortality rate is one hundred percent . 
I love me , for me . I can accomplish anything , no matter how big or small . I am me . 
Color my life with the chaos of trouble . 
Lunch with my parents , then having fun with the kiddos ! 
headin ' up to Hotshotz ! 
Words diminish things . 
Are you serious ?!?! He's stalking me on facebook now . Sir , you've reached a whole new level of low . 
gonna catch up on some reading then get ready for bed ... I'm tired . 
My man is the best ! :) 
Fog is ridiculous . 
Never realized how amazing waffles taste until this very moment ... omg heaven ! 
If you were a kiss , I know I'd be a hug . 
Not in the greatest of moods . 
Procrastinated way too much ... I need to get things done . 
I have no BBQ sauce in this house . :( 
They just turned the water off until 4am cuz they are working on pipes or something . Seriously how am I supposed to get ready for bed without water ? 
Omg lava cake . I just died of awesome ! 
Super tired ... Cannot wait for bedtime . 
My almost nine year old hates me :( 
Starting to get a lil scared . 
Fantastic . 
Girls are bathed and ready for bed ... gonna watch a movie and relax . 
Not feeling the best today . Tired , stressed and slightly upset . 
Some people are such gems . 
It's Friday !!!! 
is smiling :) 
I really just do not know anymore :( 
Gonna watch a movie and relax . 
Happiness is not having what you want , but wanting what you have . 
Going to find < PROPFEMALE > new bedroom furniture . She's finally getting her own room . 
Wow . It's amazing how crazy I feel right now . 
Ideas pull the trigger , but instinct loads the gun . 
is extremely moody today . 
My facebook text messages are really messed up . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
I make mistakes . At times i am out of control and hard to handle . But if you cant handle me at my worst then you SURE AS HELL dont deserve me at my best . 
Why am I so tired ? 
Assumptions only lead to wrong ideas . 
is in her happy place . 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER DAY !!!!!! Everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how many people love their siblings . 
My kids are playing so well together tonight . I'm just going to enjoy it ' cuz it's very rare lol . 
I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue . Haha . 
My eyes want to sleep but my mind says NO . 
Painting the girls ' rooms . 
The kids and I made blueberry pancakes this morning . :) 
I really dislike the new layout . 
Hmm ... I know exactly what I'm going to do :) 
I wanna take the kids sledding but I don't know it's sooo cold outside . 
Why does coffee have to be so amazing ... I spend way too much money on it all the time . 
Naptime ! 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other and make sure to tell how long you have been together ! 
Wouldn't it be cool if they invented powdered water ? 
Google Buzz is a little annoying . I don't like having unmanaged items in my inbox . 
I think I'll make a glass of chocolate milk and drink it through my new heart-shaped loopy straw . =] 
Still laying in bed doing absolutely nothing ... I really need to get motivated . 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with my mom for a while ... then going out later tonight hopefully . 
Hope is a bitch . 
< PROPMALE > and cheese mixed with cream of mushroom soup for breakfast ... Yum !!!! 
Hello Sun ! :) 
Making sushi tonight ... hopefully it turns out ok . 
< PROPFEMALE > just < PROPFIRST > all over the ceiling ! 
I hate when I'm logged on facebook and it still sends notifications to my phone ... it's set to only do that when I'm not logged on ... very irritating . 
I so want an asiago cheese bagel from St. < PROPFIRST > Bread Co . right now . 
So bored with life . 
He still gives me butterflies <3 
Enjoying the day relaxing and watching movies with my beautiful daughters . 
These realizations are most terrifying and yet most amazing . :) 
Mommy needs a time out ! 
So cold . 
Roller Derby practice tonight ... I'm excited . :) 
Tired of being the only one sorry . 
This house is a disaster ! But the girls are having fun playing wii and I'm having fun watching them and chatting with friends . 
One good thing about chaos ... it's inspiring . 
Nothing is really work unless you'd rather be doing something else . 
Daughter announces plan to go vegetarian , excepting BBQ ribs which , according to her , are not meat but \tasty bones . \"" 
Feels like doing something totally reckless . 
Wow !!! I feel great , slept like a baby and ready to take on the world today ! 
\You can't stay mad at somebody who makes you laugh . \"- Jay Leno " 
Boys are mean ! 
I'm a freak bitch baby !! I don't wanna be friends . I want your bad bad romance !! 
The US navy has decided to allow women to serve on submarines , ending one of the last all-male bastions in the American military . 
I seriously want to punch her in her cutesy lil face ! Ugh ! 
Head + ache = :( 
I'm beginning to wonder if I'll ever learn to stop procrastinating . 
Mountain Dew tastes like heaven's nectar . 
I'm seriously having too much fun with the < PROPFEMALE > Totally Tattoo doll . 
My mama made me some yummy breakfast , along with my darling daughters :) 
Life is easier when you just don't care . 
Feeling like crap ... oh the joys of being a woman . 
If I ignore your phone call , don't call me 15 more times . I have my phone on me . It's not that I didn't see that you called . I just don't want to talk to you . Get a clue . 
The Big Bang Theory ! Yay ! :) 
These girl scout cookies keeping calling for me ... damnit ! 
What would life be without espresso drinks ? 
I had a dream last night that was wrong on so many levels . 
Got dinner figured out . Going to make mushrooms stuffed with garlic cream cheese and crabmeat and antipasto salad . Yum . I can't wait . 
? If you have a wonderful man in your life that works hard and would do anything for you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between , and I appreciate and love mine !! ? 
I dont know how I'm going to sleep but I guess I'm going to force myself . 
Excuse me while I kiss the sky . 
Chinese <3 
Good morning sunshine ! ? 
\Let go of what kills you and hold on to what keeps you breathing . \ " - Spongebob " 
Yay ! Baseball <3 
< PROPMALE > headache ... I'm never drinking again . 
The smell of Playdoh is amazing ! 
Too bad I'm not male ... then it'd all be magically ok . 
This dude just tried to bribe me with his 50% discount if I gave him my number . No thanks . I'd rather pay full price . 
Feel the sensation , I put it right there , they be like LUDA , I be like Yeaaaaaa !!! 
If consequences dictate our course of action then it dosn't matter whats right . It's only wrong if you get cought . 
I think I'm losing my sanity . Why's it gotta be so hard ? 
Lunch : turkey , guacamole , pepperjack cheese , brown mustard , lettuce , red onion and tomato on croissant . 
Making mudpies with ' Lil Miss < PROPFEMALE > G . 
Kids are fed , had their showers and < PROPFEMALE>'s almost asleep ... that girl was super cranky today . 
Why do my kids have to change their clothes every hour ? I just finished all their laundry yesterday and their hamper is full again ??? 
Upset :( 
Women process emotions by talking them out . Just listening with understanding will make u a hero :) 
Thank god for Mr. Clean Magic Eraser ... without it most my furniture and walls would be ruined by my 3 year old . 
I don't remember last night but supposedly I'm single now . :( 
thinks I should get my way more often . 
You drain me dry and make me wonder why I'm even here . 
He makes me wanna shoot myself . 
Sitting outside at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s letting the kids play . 
Had a great night ... just got home and I'm so ready for some sleep . :) 
Slept for 2 hours ... feeling fairly good . Coffee , work and cooking dinner for someone special with my daughters tonight . :) 
Pretzel with pepperjack cheese ... yum ! 
------------> :o ) 
You're like my suppository ... you bring out what's bad in me . \ Really ? I can't believe someone actually said this to me . You guys need to brainstorm some new pick up lines . " 
Muffins are just ugly cupcakes . 
Why am I awake ? 
Heading downtown for St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day parade later . 
Ready for a nap . 
Out with the old , in with the new ! 
The girls and I are hanging in our pajamas all day ... picnic lunch on the living room floor , then the girls are putting on a fashion show for me . Today's an awesome day ! :) 
Of course I'm talking to myself . Who else can I trust ? 
Common sense ... a thing of the past . 
Why is my dogs favorite pastime to chew on all my bras ?! 
Drinks with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > <3 
coffeecoffeecoffeecoffeecoffee 
I thought life was supposed to make more sense as I got older . Turns out it makes less sense . 
So . I kinda think < PROPFIRST > Rowe from Dirty Jobs is sorta sexy ... Is that weird ? 
Put < PROPFEMALE > cream in my coffee instead of cream and sugar today . 
Took < PROPFEMALE > to the doctor and she has pink eye and staph infection ... just gotta keep myself and her sisters from getting it . :( 
So tired ... I think I'm getting old . 
Fixing breakfast then tanning and going shopping for the girls some new summer clothes and Easter \bunny\ " stuff . If I could only get rid of this annoying cough . " 
I'm completely soaking wet and freezing cold but oh man was it worth it ! lol . :) 
Pizza rolls covered in syrup is actually really super yummy ! 
Know what else is yummy ?... grape kool-aid powder mixed with milk . 
Making skittles vodka ... can't wait to have some stored in the freezer . 
I hate when my kids aren't here when I wake up in the morning ... I don't have their beautiful smiling faces to brighten my day . :( 
accomplished so much already today ... yay for motivation ! 
Got a whole bag of Jelly Belly's . :) 
Glitter is the herpes of arts and crafts . It stays on you forever . 
if you state anywhere on your Facebook that your ' unique ' , then i probably hate you . What a bland and unoriginal concept . It's usually preceded or followed by ' Either love me or hate me ' which is also a ridiculous concept , as if there the only two feelings we can have about you . Realize this you self-righteous hypocrite , your unique , just like everybody else ... \ " , 201 0-0 3-21 23:28:08 " 
Gotta get up at 4am tomorrow to start the new job working with my mama ! 
Healthcare Reform < PROPMALE > passed ! 
So hungry and don't know what sounds good to eat . 
Taking the kids to the park with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing , just praying to a god that I don't believe in . 
I want a beer . 
I got a good idea when our shoes get muddy let's throw them in our closet and get a new pair and when those get muddy let's throw them in our closet until we have no shoes left then decide to tell mom that our shoes are all muddy ! 
Aww ... the boy down the street gave < PROPFEMALE > flowers . It was too cute ! 
I hate when I'm super tired and I have to wait for the laundry to finish so I can go to bed . 
So tired ! 
Easter egg hunt this morning ... then moving into the new place . 
This would be so much easier if I had a big strong man to help me . 
In need of a nap . 
Thankful for my OCD . It comes in handy when unpacking stuff . I hate everything just sitting there . 
About to cuddle up with the kids and watch movies :) 
So my girl < PROPFEMALE>'s man just outwardly hits on me and tells me all this shit with her right there next to me ... Why are guys such assholes sometimes ?!?! 
So in love with my kids right now I can't wipe the stupid smile off my face . :) 
Snuggled under three thick blankets and I'm still freezing . Weird . 
I really want some chips n salsa right now . 
I'm never getting to sleep tonight ... too much on my mind ! 
Just had dinner with my man ... working on girls ' homework now then bath for me and probably watch a movie . 
Omg ! Are you fricken serious ? 
Was having a great night ' til somehow I started getting pissy ... it's ok have friends over gonna bbq still tonight and I've got a bottle of Patron . :) 
Sometimes I feel like I have all the justification I need . :) 
Looks like I've got the day off ! 
Thanks for the great talk ! I feel a lot better and I realize what I have to do . :) 
Getting ready to dye Easter eggs with the kiddos . Then baths , movie and bedtime ! Can't wait for tomorrow to see the fam . :) 
Girls are bathed . Now we're watching The < PROPFEMALE > Bride and hanging in bed . :) 
Somethings seriously gotta change ... I hate feeling like this . 
Soooo tired . Didn't get any sleep last night . I'm definately going to bed now . 
So my day didn't turn out exactly how I wanted it but the kids had a blast and it was nice seeing family ... hopefully maybe I'll get to see him tonight . 
Wow . I just realized how difficult I am . 
Kids ' were super excited this morning ! I love Easter ... going to brunch with the fam in a lil while . Happy Easter everyone ! :) 
Ohh ..... White Reese's Peanut Butter Eggs are so evil ! 
So < PROPMALE > broke up with me on Easter . 
Boys lie ... especially when they say they won't ever hurt you . :( 
I love my sister <3 
My sister always makes me happy :) 
Today is turning out great ! Kiddos are all with their dads and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are over having beers and just chillin ' . I love my new place ! 
Best news of the day ... My sister is moving back to Missouri next month after she turns 18 and is going to move in with me !!!!! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Ok I was feeling better ... now not so much . :( 
It's a good day . Opening day . Go Cards !!! <3 
Thankful for friends who know how to make me smile :) 
Please come out and support our roller derby team !! Our first bout is Sun April 18 , 7:00 pm at SK8 Galaxy . Tickets Before Bout Day $5.00 / At The Door $7.00 / Kids $3.00 / Kids Under 3 free . We will play two 20 < PROPFEMALE > halves and there will be door prizes , raffles , half time entertainment and merchandise for sale !! 
Crazy tired right now . 
40 minutes late to work this morning and what's my boss do ? Take me out to breakfast . I love this job . 
It's going to be a long day . Blah . 
Need stress relief ! 
Annoyance at maximum . Tolerance at minimum . 
In a totally bad mood ... today sucks ! 
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power , the world will know peace . ” Jimi Hendrix 
Goodness it's < PROPFEMALE > outside . 
I just wanna go back in my comfy bed . :( 
This pollen is trying to kill me . 
Is there a way to block someone from texting you ? I really don't want to change my number . 
Mmm ... BLT's . 
You know how dogs run around like crazy after you give them a bath ? Well that's exactly how my kids are after theirs ' . 
Certain men are the sperm cells their mother should have swallowed . 
So ready for the pain to go away and happiness to take it's place . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > inspires me . 
Going 2 the movies . 
Absolutely gorgeous outside ! 
Oh yeah ... my neighbor just offered to mow my grass ... now I don't have to do it . :) 
So extremely tired ... and hungry ! Gonna try to get a lil more sleep . 
Taking the kiddos to the park then shower and nap . 
Extremely frustrated with someone ! 
@millstream :-) 
Three hours of sleep for the past two nights ... awesome ! 
Hanging out with my beautiful daughters today ! I'm feeling extra lovey on them today . :) 
Sitting outside having a mini picnic with my girls :) 
Getting kids in the tub then I'm so ready to cuddle them and go to bed early tonight ! 
Had the strangest dream ever last night . 
You love me but you don't know who I am . 
I have got to get outta Missouri . 
I wish they would bring back the Black Pepper < PROPFIRST > Doritos ... I'm so craving those right now . 
Tired of my family talking crap behind my back ... I don't need them , any of them ! I know who I am , that's all that matters !!! :) 
Why are raisins so disgusting ? 
Cleaning the house ... and working out at the same time ... it's a pretty funny sight . 
My man drives me absolutely insane ... but I adore him . :) 
Can't seem to go back to sleep . :( 
I was totally stopped at a stop sign waiting for it to turn green . 
Life is good when you wake up happy and smiling . :) 
the things that take the longest to build are often the easiest to be destroyed . 
Volleyball in New Town ... I think I broke a blood vessel in my thumb . 
My dad made the kids a tire swing ... I think I'm more excited than my kids ... I'm so going to play on it ' til I make myself sick from being too dizzy . 
Ate way too much ... but dinner was so good ! 
I love that fact that my 8 y/o daughter absolutely loves doing the dishes . :) 
Wow ... Just realized my oldest will be 9 in two weeks ... man I feel old . She's halfway to adulthood . :( 
Astros are pitiful . 
A blueberry banana smoothie sounds so yummy right now . 
My kids are driving me bonkers ! 
Hmm ... what to do today ? 
At the hospital ... got an iv of antibiotics and Fentanyl . 
Missing my girls :( 
doing laundry ... how can my kids dirty laundry smell so bad ? 
Really super duper amused ! 
Going on a bike ride with the kiddos . :) 
Everyday is worse than the day before , so today is actually the worse day of my life ... 
Struggling to keep my eyes open . So tired ! 
Breakfast : coffee and a triple stack peanut butter n jelly sammich ...... mmmmm good ..... lol ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > is having a complete meltdown this morning and I just wanna cry with her ! 
shower than grocery shopping :( 
My man is moving in with me ! :) 
Going 2 babysit baby Caden while < PROPMALE>'s being rushed 2 hospital . 
Please pray for my friend < PROPMALE > . He's in the ER and they don't know if he's going to make it . :( 
< PROPMALE>'s doing a lot better ... they are keeping him under observation for a few more days though . :) 
Mmm cantaloupe ~ <3 
Can't sleep so I've organized my pantrys , dusted my entire house , cleaned both bathrooms , rearranged the living room , and vacuumed . Now I'm bored . :( 
The trashman is being super loud this morning and woke my kids up . 
Happy 420 to those who celebrate ! 
The guys who did the sod in my yard did a horrible job . 
My man is the greatest ! :) 
Worst headache ever . 
At the end of my rope ... just wanna punch him in the face ! 
Picked < PROPFEMALE > up , dropped Livie off and now , < PROPFEMALE > and I are making dinner ... then hoping to get to bed in the next 3 hours . 
Went outside and got attacked by junebugs ... eww ! 
So exhausted and wanna sleep but of course I can't like usual . 
Good morning insomnia ! 
Going to take a bubble bath and read hopefully it'll help me get a few more hours of sleep . 
I hate fighting with my 5 year old every morning about what she can wear to school . 
Shawty's like a < PROPFEMALE > in my head that I can't keep out . Got me singin ' like Na na na na , everyday it's like my iPod stuck on replayayayay . 
Sour gummy worms rock my world . 
I have a crush on < PROPFEMALE > Perry ... omg ! 
OK I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my WORST then you sure don't deserve me at my BEST . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status . ... I DARE YOU 
FML ! 
It's going to be a long day ! 
Cinnamon Toast Crunch <3 
Finally feeling great ... got tons of energy and hopefully my house will reap the benefits ! 
Tired of never knowing wf is going on . 
Super excited that my ex husband got arrested ! Now if only I had someone to celebrate with ! I've been waiting for this day ! :) :) :) 
Ain't nothing gonna break my stride 
Nice ... I just had a fire in my kitchen ... now it's all wet everywhere . :( 
Haha ... shhh ! It's a secret . Lol . 
Sake bombs !. 
Tits , clits and < PROPFEMALE > hits 
Making breakfast for my three beautiful princesses ! <3 
Eggs , bacon , hash , toast , waffles , coffee , OJ ... who's coming to breakfast ? 
I <3 lazy Sunday's with my kiddos ! 
Set up a race track throughout the house now we are gathering , misc . boxes to make some race cars ! 
Trying to help a 9 year old who doesn't want any help or doesn't know what she's doing on her math homework is very difficult . 
Can't sleep ... what else is new ? :( 
Oh boy ... headache . :( 
I finally got 6 hours of sleep ! 
Glad Mr. Sunshine has decided to show up ... hopefully he sticks around . 
Playing Mystery Date with < PROPFEMALE > and Olivia ... then baths and bedtime . 
Don't wander through this glassy surface expecting to find more than me , ' cuz all that I am without a purpose but a lone mirage to see ... 
Yeah ... we'll see . 
Jalepeno Cheddar Cheetos dipped in Fun Dip ... delicious ! Life is good ! :) 
Why am I so hyper and full of energy when I need to be sleeping ? I seriously was just jumping up and down on my bed for the past 20 minutes . It was fun . 
My oldest daughter is 9 today ! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! I love you ! 
Chai Tea Latte , with soy , no water and 5 pumps <3 
Despite all my rage , I am still just a rat in a cage . 
Wicked tired ... time to escape to the much less cruel world of dreams and uncontrolled imagination . 
It's a beautiful day and I'm in a great mood ! :) 
“Love me when I least deserve it , because that's when I really need it . ” 
Feeling better ... only one thing would make it great ! :) 
Super annoyed with life today . 
Six nine year olds at my house plus my 3 year old ! I'm going to lose my mind . Lol . 
Maybe happiness is worth the < PROPMALE > of a bitter end . <3 
Cannot get into this week's episode of Fringe ... it's boring me . 
Playing < PROPFIRST > Kart DS with the girls . 
So much to be thankful for but sometimes it's so hard to be positive . 
Missing my sister ... really wishing I would have went and seen her . :( 
I gave my kids 5 bucks for th ice cream man and they came back in with 8 ice creams ! Wtf ? Don't know how that happened . 
Yup . Thats all I gotta say . :-( 
Park with the kiddos then relaxin with my man . :-) 
It's incredibly pleasant to sit down at work on a Monday morning and think , \I like my job . \"" 
Got a letter from my closest frined Joe(y ) today ! :) 
Conan O'Brien is super sexy ! :) 
He always makes me smile :) 
Movie time with the kids ! :) 
I hate it when people get the wrong idea . 
There is a butterfly following me . Its like it knows my fear . Creeeepyyy . 
Of course facebook chat isn't going to work today since my phone isn't working and it'd be nice to be able to talk to people ! 
Leftover cold spaghetti !!! <3 
Don't lick shaving gel . It may smell pretty but it doesn't taste pretty . 
If you pass the North Korean border ILLEGALLY–you get 12 years hard labor . If you pass the Afghan border ILLEGALLY –you get shot . If you pass the American border ILLEGALLY – you get a job , driver’s license , allowance for a place to live , health care , education and billions of dollars spent so that you can read a document . We < PROPFEMALE > passports in other countries or face jail time . 
You had a starring role in my dream last night . 
\It's ok . It only doesn't sound worse cuz your mind has been infuckted by the music . \"" 
Wild grape poptarts !!! Yes . <3 
Taking the girls to the park . 
I want simple things from life . Happiness . Love . Laughter . Great friends . Moments that leave me breathless . If anyone finds mine ... I lost em . 
Making 20 gallons of jungle juice . 
Yay ! My electric's back on . 
4 wheelin 
Hillbilly golf 
So windburnt but today's been a blast ! 
Ahhh ... just had the best hot shower ever ! 
Brunch was soooo good ! :) 
I know now what I need to be happy ... I'm going to get it back . :) 
My mom ruins my life ! 
Truth only reveals itself when one gives up all preconceived ideas . 
I need some magic in my life . 
Ha . I knew it . So predictable . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . 
Eyes are aching for sleepy time . 
Was alseep for a few and when I opened my eyes , my dog was laying on my chest in my face just staring at me ... freaked me out . Now she won't stop barking . She never barks . I don't know what's up with her tonight . 
Nothing like a nice calming thunderstorm to sleep to . <3 
Slept so well that I overslept and now I can't get coffee . :( 
Every work day should include a one hour nap immediately following lunch . 
Omg ! I found one gray hair today ... I am way too young for this crap . 
Taking girls 2 get ice cream . :-) 
I did not like \The Crazies\ " . I did however enjoy that I got to watch it with my man . :) " 
I hate when you see a really hot guy but then he opens his mouth and suddenly he's not so hot anymore ! 
My new unhealthy addiction- English toffee covered in chocolate and crushed almonds . 
Now I know I'm being used\ 
But that's okay man cause I like the abuse 
Omg ! < PROPFEMALE > and Damon ... I'm shocked ! 
I am not where i wanna be in life at all . :-( 
Like seriously ... Not . Cool . 
Making some blueberry pancakes and sausage for the girls . 
Just when I thought The Wonder Pets was over ... another episode comes on ! Ugh ! 
Making tacos for dinner then movie with the two girls . 
Last night = hilarious , fun , amazing , awesome , strange ;) lmao !!! 
P'Sghetti's bread is delicious !!!! I am in sandwich heaven ! :) 
Cleaned the girls ' rooms ... much needed , got rid of lots of toys they don't play with anymore . Now time for baths then tickles and cuddles before bed . :) 
Strawberries and whipped cream ! <3 
Looking down on the earth from the atmosphere . 
is completely miserable . 
Too blessed to be stressed ... Have a great day ! :) 
Every girl should get mad points just for their menstrual cycle ... I hate you , cramps ! =\\ 
Great new !!! My < PROPMALE > Joe(y ) is getting outta prison next week !!! :) 
Loving me so Haagen-Dazs <3 
My three year old just came outta the bathroom and said feel my legs ... she shaved her legs !!! Luckily she didn't cut herself and her legs do feel pretty smooth . I need to not keep my razor in the shower anymore . 
So there's this guy and I would tell you everything about him but then you just might fall in love with him too . <3 
6 more days !!! 
I've been so irritated today and annoyed with everyone . shut up , go away , leave me alone . 
My kids ' hamster is bleeding from her neck ... she keeps biting at it also which is only making it worse ... I have no clue what to do about it . :( 
Shake that ass for me . Shake that ass for me . 
Its midnight . No food or drink til after my surgery in the morning . 
I always wish my kids would sleep in there own bed so I can have it to myself ... but now that they aren't , I am so going to wake them up and move them to my bed so I can get my snuggles ! :) 
Waiting to be called back for surgery prep . 
Can't trust anyone ! Everyone stabs me in the back . 
It's a beautiful day and I'm going to enjoy it ! :) 
Got a virus and can not get on internet . 
Yay ! I'm pretty sure I got the trojan off my computer ! :) 
Going to my cousin < PROPFEMALE>'s graduation party then having friends over tonight ! :) 
Today has been awesome and it keeps getting better ! :-) 
I need a booty . I hate how I can never fill out my bathing suit bottoms . :-P 
Lovin ' this weekend ! Now time to chill on the patio with a beer while the girls play in the pool :) 
Grilled salmon , chicken wings , kabobs ... all kinds of great food and people :) 
How do my kids still get sunburnt after I applied sunscreen every hour ? 
I love the way things just fall into place ! :) 
Exhausted ... laundry , dinner , big bang finale then bed ! 
My brain and body says it bedtime but the laundry says otherwise . 
Well you should see me now , I'm eatin Wheaties now\ 
I'm stealin second and third goin home gettin greedy now\ 
See me now , people call me speedy now 
< PROPFEMALE > has been screaming cuz she can't sleep with her burnt back . I've been alternating rubbing noxzema and aloe on her back ... she's had ibuprofen and now i've got cold towels laying on her back with the fan blowing on her ... I had seeing her miserable . :( 
Long night ... I think I got about an hour of sleep ... my poor baby . :( 
Just got into a huge verbal fight with the guy that lives across the street ... quit being a paranoid crack head and mind your business ... seriously !!! 
Anyone know how to change the window plasma in my windshield ? I think thats why my windshield looks bad . 
The only guy that deserves you is the one who thinks he doesn't . :) 
So excited for the lake this weekend ! Bring on the fun ' N sun . 
Not going to let this health stuff ruin my weekend ! :) 
Fixin ' dinner and hanging with my lovely daughters ! <3 
Need to get my ass in the shower so I can go shopping with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Newnham and then the lake !!! 
Sweet tea vodka and lemonade ... great start to the day . 
\You're the only person I know to use \ " jizz\ " and \ " cute\ " in the same sentance . \"" 
If I die of alcohol poisoning today ... just know I kinda expected it and totally deserved it . 
Absolutely lovin tha pemple in my life qight now !!!!! ~ - 
Water patrwl ... oh shi+ ! 
Heading to Shady Gators for dinner and more drinks !!! 
Gotta love the advantages of being female ! :-) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s boobs taste like grape . 
Don't hurt her , don't change her , don't analyze and don't expect more than she can give . Smile when she makes you happy , let her know when she makes you mad , and miss her when she's not there . 
Heading home in a few hours ... back to reality . 
Back in O-town . :( 
Stupid storm ... I wanted to swim and bbq . 
Why are humans so ignorant , mentally lazy , hypocritical and callous towards others ? 
If anyone is in the Moscow Mills area ... Please check out Iron Cross Liquors . My sister and brother in law own it and it just recently opened ! 
I miss your face ! :( 
So amused right now ... like I didn't see that . Whatever ! 
@electric cowboy 
Going to bed for the night ... feeling crappy . 
Heading over to < PROPMALE > and Heathers to swim with the kiddos . 
It's so hot in here ... no wonder I can't seem to sleep . 
Had a blast with the kids at the pool today ... now making dinner then more swimming ! :) 
Dinner is served !!! I am so hungry ... Yum ! :) 
No matter how hard i try , i can't wash away the memories of what YOU did to me . You ruined my life , and i will NEVER forgive you . Happy now ? 
I hate to break this to you but being a coward is not a legitimate career . 
She make my goody parts tingle like windchimes ;) 
I think I'm in love with < PROPFEMALE > McAdams ... She's so beautiful ! 
Kids are asleep ... now hanging with my favorite people ! :) 
So ready for bed ... what a fun night ! ;) 
Determined to make it happen ! :) 
\Mama can you please give me a glass of water ? I've been walking on trees and there was a lot and it made me really super thirsty Mom \"--- My Lil Miss < PROPFEMALE > G . " 
Is it bedtime yet ? 
Who's all going to Pointfest tomorrow ? 
Swimming with the girls , then watching a movie and bed ... Tomorrow Pointfest !!! 
Awesome Sunday ! :) 
I hate to say \I told you so ... \"" 
Why get married if you're in love ... a bullet would be much quicker . 
But I got all three my princesses home now and I'm in heaven . :) 
My boyfriend is simply the best <3 
I love < PROPFEMALE > ! She's so awesome ! :) 
Just ugh , with a side of ugh . 
If you take the human mind out of the equation , what is the universe ? All it is is waves and energy . There is no form to it , and no beauty . Also , without the mind , does the concept of knowledge still exist , or is knowledge something artificial created by the existence of a mind capable of understanding it ? 
I just have to tell everyone that my kids are the most amazing beings on this planet ! <3 
Is it strange that I find < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > pretty sexy ? 
I so want me some Mexican food or BWW . :( 
If you were to kill some one by hitting them on the head with a hammer would you use the hammer end or the claw end ?? 
Tomorrow my baby will be 4 ! :( 
Thanks mom for getting < PROPFEMALE > a MUD pie kitchen set ... that was so fun to clean up and bath time will also be a blast ! 
Glee is super good tonight ... Journey songs galore !!! It's like this episode was written just for me . =P 
Babylon !!! 
Why did Google have to change things that were perfectly fine and fast ? Is there a way to get the plain white background back ? 
Had a fun day at the pool ... getting ready to cuddle and watch a movie with my girls . 
\Or am I origami ? \ 
Trying to dream past the oppressive clouds . 
Sooo tired yet can't seem to sleep at all and my head is pounding . 
True Blood tonight , doing my happy dance !!! 
Had a blast this weekend . Now at < PROPFEMALE>'s watching True Blood . It's so nice 2 have a friend 2 cuddle and watch tv with . :-) 
Happy :) 
I don't know if it's the medication I'm on but I've been having the most strange , odd , unusual , crazy and ridiculously vivid dreams lately . 
I should totally clean out the inside of my car more often . :) 
\I'm a stitch away from making it and a scar away from falling apart \"" 
He who angers you , also conquers you . 
Treat me somewhere cruel \ 
You can throw me away \ 
As long as I feel it \ 
Show me something true\ 
You can deceive me \ 
I am yours to use 
My man can dance ! Damn ! Mmm . 
I wanna lick u from ur head 2 ur toes ... 
Laying poolside all day is exhausting ... g'nite all ! 
Taking the girls 2 visit my daddy in the hospital then getting lunch and beach . :-) 
Give a lil heart and soul . Let ur body lose control . 
Poolside again today ... ready for a shower then movie and bed . :) 
I miss having a baby . I want one so bad . :-( 
There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt . Doubt separates people . It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations . It is a thorn that irritates and hurts ; it is a sword that kills . -\ 
Buddha 
I think my almost six year old is starting to get separation anxiety . Isn't she a lil old for that ? 
Need to talk to someone ... how come I'm always there for everyone else yet when I need someone , no one is there ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Newnham is the most amazing boyfriend ever ! <3 
BBQ and swimming with my daddy ! <3 
Tried teaching the kids to play hacky sack and wound up playing hot potato . 
Watching true blood with < PROPMALE > . 
Why am I not asleep ? Ugh ! 
Super pissed off ! 
FML FML FML FML !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So ready for a drink ! :P 
Since the moment I spotted you , I'm walking ' round with lil wings on my shoes . My stomach's filled with the butterflies . And it's alright . Bouncing ' round from cloud to cloud , I got the feeling like I'm never gonna come down . 
Bww then headed to Babylon . 
I love boobies ! 
Heading home from the pool . I think I'm burnt . 
Breakfast for dinner is one of the best things ... ever ! 
Tired of stupid annoying bitches ! 
My computer just crashed . Without my cell phone to access facebook I'd be lost . 
Night swimming with my three princesses ! 
Wow < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > slept in their bunk beds all night for the first time and I bought that bed a year ago . 
It's so gorgeous outside ! 
Chinese food ! <3 
Oh rum , I love u so ! 
Seriously , my kids are so damn adorable ! <3 
Excited girls night ! 
Lickable candles ? :) 
Millstream 
I'm gonna be 27 next month . Which is close to 30 . Omg I'm old ! 
My crotch is on fire ! She said one pump not two ! 
Is not happy . 
Tired ... 
Mom starts treatment Monday . Hopefully she can turn around . :) 
Taking kids to get ice cream and renting movies . 
My nine year old has a < PROPFEMALE > rock stuff down in her ear . 
Macaroni salad is heaven . <3 
I hate not having a working computer . I can't watch any of my shows on Ninjavideo . Guess I'm gonna have to start actually using my dvr . 
I hate vehicles . They are nothing but a pain . 
Off to the pool . Be jealous ! :p 
Happy hour ... beer ! 
I went to Walmart and only spent 25 bucks . I'm proud of myself . :) 
Kids begging me to make sloppy joes , so sloppy joes it is ! 
Bestest boyfriend ever took me to red lobster ! 
Bored !!! 
Pool , sunshine . Life is good ! 
How do u get rid crazy stalker ? This Shit is starting to get scary . 
Going for a run ... too much on mind . 
Turkey and salami sandwich ! 
I want food ! 
Could y'all quit posting pics of ur yummy dinners . At least until u get some dinner . I'm starved . Thanks . :P 
FML ! I don't care anymore . Seriously I give up . 
My friends are amazing . When I get off track they always help me find my way back on . 
Have a picnic with my two youngest princesses . <3 
My 3 kids are bathed and laying down . Now if I could get these other monsters to bed . :) 
Babysitting ... hopefully can get them in bed early and hit the pool up tomorrow . :) 
Wow ... today has been a great day ! :) 
It kinda sucks when the people you know , become the people you knew . When you can walk right past someone like they were never a big part of your life . How you used to be able to talk for hours and now you can barely even look at them . 
Getting stuff ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s bday party tomorrow ! :) 
Who would've thought after the emotions last night that I'd be super happy right now thanks to someone . :) 
Swimming with the kids ! 
Quiet night in . Movie night and fun food with the kiddos and bestie ! <3 
Thank You CARDINALS !!!! You didn't blow a great lead tonight .... Let's keep this up boys ! 
Thanks for being my motivation :) 
Ladies night in full affect ! 
My chick bad ... Badder < PROPFIRST > yursssss ! 
Current conversation is amazing ... emphasis on the zing ! <3 
Getting the kids up and ready then going to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and her kids ! 
Seafood gumbo and a shrimp salad for lunch . 
It's hard not to be emotional when you're bipolar . :/ 
I've come to the conclusion that the tapping outside my window is aliens waiting to abduct me ... I'm scared now . :( 
I've put it off long enough ... I need to go grocery shopping . Ugh . :( 
How do my kids lose 7 pairs of sandals in one morning ? Can't find them anywhere . 
Buffalo wild wings and allstar game . Let's go NL ! 
I need some excitement in my life . 
Epic anxiety attack . Lovely . Now I can't seem to sleep . 
One week til my sister's in the STL ! I cannot wait ! Super stoked ! :D 
Getting a little silly . 
Beautiful day for the pool ! :) 
Feels crappy . 
Snuggled up reading a book , listening to the storm . <3 
Science center . 
I think I'm an oxytocin junkie . I love me some hugs . :P 
Finally joined a gym ... need to get in shape . 
Just gonna stand there and hear me cry but that's alright because I love the way you lie . 
All my kids ever wanna do is fight and yell and scream . I just wanna get rid of this headache and sleep for days . 
Water balloon fights with the kids . 
Gym then lunch date with the bestie ! 
Buffalo wild wings with < PROPMALE > . :) 
At Babylon ! 
I'm not a player I just crush alot . 
Someone should come swim with me and my kids , I'm bored . 
I love thunderstorms ... wish it would last all night . 
I won't stop til I get em in there burfday suits ... I want a lady on the street but a freak in the bed ! 
When I grow up I wanna be a kid . 
Getting dinner then swimming with the girls . 
So ready for bed ... I need more than a couple hours of sleep tonight . 
Super bored ! Kids are gone and nothing to do . 
Problem solved :) 
I really need to learn to keep my mouth shut . 
Babylon for the third time this week . 
Peanut butter and jelly time . 
So tired . 
Can't wait to see my sister ! 
Lunch with the rents and my girls . 
Swimming with my sister at the hotel . <3 
I throw my hands up in the air sometimes saying AH-YO gotta let go ... 
Would like a triple valium mocha latte ... 
So tired of my hair ... I need something different . 
I'm up ... heading to the gym ... morning world ! 
:D = happy ! 
Last night = most fun I've had in a super long time . :) 
I feel so fantastic ! I have the greatest people in my life . :) 
I wanna < PROPFEMALE > in the pool all day but this laundry needs to get done . 
I got a sudden craving for peanut butter and black jelly bean sandwich . 
Storytime and cuddles with my girls . <3 
Wtf Cards ?! 
Chocolate jalapeno brownies at 1 am <3 
I am just a shadow walking around in a daze ... 
OMG ! 
Lunch and shopping for school clothes for my girls . 
At Babylon ... surprisingly for the first time this week . 
I lost 7 pounds this week ! Wahoo ! :P 
I'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine , I'm loving cloud nine , my heads in the sky . 
Meeting < PROPFEMALE>'s teacher tonight ... can't wait for school to start next Wednesday . 
Picnic lunch in living room since its too ungodly hot outside . 
Someone made me smile today and it wasn't you . :) 
Pizza on grill with spicy hummus , carmelized onions , veggies , black olives and goat cheese . <3 
Enjoying this much needed hot bubble bath . :) 
This is supposed to be getting easier not harder . :( 
\Do you know we're in th midst of grenades ? Do you know we're in the zoo ? \ " Lmfao . I LOVE the Situation . " 
Tired ... bed calling ... must sleep ... ZZZZZZZZZZ ! 
Thank god I read my horoscope , otherwise I might have never known how lacking my love and sex life are . 
Why do I despise grocery shopping so much ? 
PB&J sandwich and tall glass of milk <3 
I just shattered my phone ! :( 
Oh boy ... 
Babylon with < PROPMALE > 
Brunch with the fam . 
Showers are simply amazing . <3 
Had a great weekend ... now movie then bed . 
I so wanna see the Expendables ... so many lovely yummy men . :) 
Cypress Hill tonight at the Pageant . 
Seriously everyone is super annoying today and I'm a bitch . 
I want pizza hut with ranch dressing and ramen noodles ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is the best snuggle < PROPMALE > ever . <3 
Might be getting sick . Trying to fight it off with Airborne , Zicam , zinc , vitamin C and coffee ... not getting sick , I am not getting sick ... 
At < PROPMALE > park with the kids . 
Making turkey and bacon quesadillas for dinner . 
Kids are bathed and in bed , ready for their first day of school tomorrow . 
My bestie < PROPFEMALE > oozes awesomeness ! :P 
I annoy myself with my own stubbornness ... 
Is it strange that I really want a real barber shave on my face ? If I were a guy id be addicted to them ... it looks so relaxing . 
If only mosquitoes sucked fat instead of blood ... 
I would eat more oranges if they weren't so annoying to peel . 
Lovin ' life's simple pleasures ! 
Tosh . 0 is hilarious tonight ! I love you < PROPFIRST > Tosh . 
Getting girls ready for school then off to the DMV ... ughh . 
I am seriously lovin ' my life lately . I'm so lucky ! :) 
Headache :( 
Almost Jersey Shore time ! 
After two days of school the excitement has wore off for my kids , they so did not wanna get up this morning . 
Not giving the old voices anymore power . I will embrace the present joy and not let past sorrows dim one bit of happiness in my life right now . :) 
Oh how I love thunder ! :) 
Dropped < PROPFEMALE > off with her daddy . < PROPFEMALE>'s staying the night at a friends . Quality time with Lil Miss < PROPFEMALE > G . :) 
I just had an epic conversation about teeth brushing . Thank you . M.J. ;) 
Drunk already ... oh by the way < PROPMALE > is awesome ! <3 
Watching The Wizard Of Oz with my daughters . 
Going for a power walk with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Really craving some gravy cheese fries . 
Gotta catch ' em all . 
I guess I'm just a riddle , wrapped in a mystery , trapped inside a bitch . 
I LOVE the smell of my new deodorant ... it smells amazing ! Lol . 
Salsa chicken for dinner . Quick , easy and yummy . 
Sleep has become a stranger . The past few nights of not sleeping are finally catching up to me . 
Hmmm ... we'll see . 
Treat me some way cruel , you can throw me away , as long as I feel it . Show me something true , you can deceive me , I am yours to use . 
If I eat peanut M&Ms in a bowl of milk , does it count as cereal ? 
One week !!! 
I need a hot tub . 
You are a revolution against my own conclusions . 
I'm so ready for a drink . 
Kids ' homework is done ... got dinner on the table , country fried steak , homemade country gravy , mashed potatoes and green beans ... then shower time . 
My kids are awesome ! :) 
Am finding myself increasingly surrounded by people who need a therapist that enjoys a challenge . 
Yogurt covered pretzels . <3 
Thinking about going to Andoros for awhile ... 
Milk ... yummy . :) 
Dinner with the ' rents then lake bound for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding . 
Every time you waste a moment , you waste make believe . 
Fishing . :) 
Bonfire <3 
Home sweet home . 
Not happy about being awake this morning . 
If I had a beard , I'd stroke it . 
Ugh . Terrible sore throat . Giving up smoking for good is definately on the agenda . 
Neti pot = heavenly relief 
Warm apple cider <3 
My homemade lasagna and bread for dinner . :) 
Vampire diaries premiere and jersey shore tonight . 
Losing my thoughts . Thanks valium . 
I have , for the first time in my life , finished an entire tube of chapstick before permanently losing it . I can die happy now . 
Be stoked . It's a beautiful day ! 
The ones that win are the ones that survive . 
Wasabi peanuts are so addictive ... Mmm . 
Making fajitas for dinner and me a margarita ... I think I deserve it . :) 
Oh joy . 
Today's objective : productivity . Yeah right . 
Meta-procrastination : a critical stage in a procrastinator's life in which they actually begin to procrastinate procrastinating . 
What's left of me you'll swallow soon , too much of you is never enough . 
So drained and beyond exhausted ... bed , then zoo in the a.m. 
Keeping my head forward .. yesterday is yesterday . situations , ways , people of the past just aren't relevant . and never will be again . 
Made white-bean/cilantro-chicken/chorizo chili today ... now hanging with the best kids ever . :) 
I wanna sleep , NOW ! Wish my mind had an on/off switch ... 
I wish we could pay bills with love . I have so much to love to give . 
Oh how I LOVE being hated by some of my co-workers . Makes the day so much more interesting . 
Edy's pumpkin ice cream+ Letters To < PROPFEMALE > dvd + my bestie < PROPFEMALE > = great night . :) 
There are so many emotions that words can't fully describe . 
Ugh . Tired of waiting . I need it to happen . 
Excited for Glee season premiere tonight ! Then One Tree Hill . Yay ! :P 
Glee + Empire State of Mind = AMAZING !!!! 
Don't believe everything you think . 
Dinner and kids homework done in record time ... playing outside with kids then shower time and Fringe . :) 
Really , Fringe ? Why you gotta be so awesome ? :) 
I love learning new things about life . :) Ahh . Lifes amazing when you stop complaining . 
\I know i'm not perfect but at the end of the day who is ? \ " < PROPMALE > mars " 
\Carbonated burn your inner parts juice ... \"" 
Heading to Eckert's for some apple picking with the family . :) 
My house smells like freshly baked apple pie . Probably because I just baked one . 
I just wanna wrap in a blanket , watch a movie , sip wine and cuddle . 
Watching Discovery Health . This dude has a balloon fetish . He orgasms from popping balloons . Say what ? 
There's nothing better than a beautiful soul . ? 
Omg , the weather is so beautiful right now . It feels glorious in the sun . :) 
Finishing up laundry while Lil Miss < PROPFEMALE > plays on NickJr.com .... then maybe pack a lunch and walk to the park . 
Baking carrot cupcakes with cream cheese frosting with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Actually slept for six hours straight without waking up . Feeling great this morning . :) 
\Her kiss was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering . \"" 
All things truly wicked start from an innocence . - Hemingway , < PROPMALE > 
Im freezing like seriously ._. 
Hanging with my lovely , beautiful and amazing daughters ... Cards game tomorrow . :) 
I really wish I could sleep . 
Making hot dog aliens with the kids for dinner . They are freakin ' and excited . 
I really don't like the fact that it gets dark so early ... so depressing . I vote that we all move our clocks ahead 3 hours . Who's with me ? 
Good day today I can feel it ! I feel sorry for the person that tries to eff it up . 
My kids are cooler than yours . 
Midol and chocolate cake . I'm saaaaaved !! 
Funny how a lot of times , the people smiling in your face are the people plotting against you ... 
All three of my kids are laying on the floor working on a puzzle together . Bliss . 
is a straight ally and there are 3 days until National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/aGFFew . 
My girls have way too much energy this morning . 
Life . Is . Sweet . 
I'm too young to be having hot flashes . Wtf . 
Making lemon garlic tilapia , green bean casserole , and roasted potatoes for dinner . 
I just hate waking up from an amazing dream that actually feels real ? I want to go back to sleep to continue it ... 
Seriously hurt right now ... can't even trust family or my close friends . Everyone can just fuck off right now . 
Oh , #BigBangTheory , you amuse me so ! Thanks for the laughs . My inner geek loves everything you do . 
Dear Neighbors : Could you reschedule your episode of domestic violence ? Sleep at 2 am like normal people . 
Is undoubtedly , recklessly in love with my man . 
Friday evening in . Candles , hot bath , cold wine and good book . At peace . Ahhhh ! :) 
\I am scared ... scared that I will walk out of this room and never feel in my whole life what I feel when I am with you . \"" 
Sometimes you need to step outside , clear your head and remind yourself of who you are , where you want to be . 
This is LOVE MY SISTER WEEK ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! Post if you ...... have an amazing sister .... or SISTERS !!! 
Ahhhh man , why is my whole body in pain :( 
It's mommy week !!! Repost this with the date you FIRST became a mommy .... 04-28-2001 @11 : 27am , 9lbs 3oz . -22inches long ... I love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Watching One Tree Hill with < PROPFEMALE > . Happy , relaxing night . <3 
I've honestly never been happier <3 
I am really not wanting to participate in my life today . Bed sounds so lovely . 
Kids woke up in the mood to read books . On Saturday morning . Sweetly , in good moods . Who are these children & what did they do with mine ? 
Sitting on the porch , drinking coffee ; quiet . Mentally checking out for a few . 
There's nothing as sweet as watching your kids grow . <3 
Thunder , I <3 you . 
My dad gave my daughter Activia , she's been farting ever since . 
I'm unbelievably psyched for The < PROPMALE > Horror Glee Show tonight . Two of my favorite things combined . 
< PROPFIRST > got me Taco < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
I don't know why I bother anymore . 
Dealing with a < PROPMALE > meltdown .... Lord help me , my daughter is a mini me :/ 
Baked potato and cheddar soup for lunch mmmmmmm ! I love this soup . 
Anyone taking kids to FZN tomorrow night for Safe Halloween ? 
Oh great . A few days before Halloween and a black cat crossed my path . 
< PROPMALE > Monaghan is so yummy . Why'd I not notice this until just now ? 
My kids are texting each other on their DS(es ) while sitting on the same couch . Dear The Future : I'm sorry . 
It's Saturday , so of course my kids are up bright and early . If it were a school day they'd still be sleeping if I didn't wake ' em up ! Grr 
Why does my absolute favorite fruit have to be pomegranite ? They're so labor intensive ! 
My neighbor and her bf are screaming at each other . Over what ? How long to microwave a hot pocket . They're embarrassing themselves . 
If u dont do anything else today ... VOTE . 
Grape propel water is so good ... yummy ;) 
Fringe then going to bed early tonight . 
I can always rely on < PROPFIRST > Koontz to write me a book that will wrap me up in a alternate reality ! 
Never underestimate a womans ability to find out shit you thought she wouldn't ;) 
They are my heart , they are my soul , they are my life , they are my love , and they are my reason for being . They are my children . 
Kids can be so cruel ! I'll be damned if I raise ignorant children ! 
Oh no . My daughter lost her praying < PROPFEMALE > she sleeps with everynight and is in tears . :( 
They are so incredibly adorable ... I just can't stand it . <3 
Thank you to ALL the men and women who have served this country honorably in times of war and peace . Happy Veterans Day . 
Done with work for the day ... time to relax with my three favorite people . :) 
Watching The Sandlot with the kiddos . 
The kids dropped off at school , chili is simmering on the stove , and I'm enjoying my final cup of coffee for the morning . Happy Monday ! 
I seriously love my life right now . :) 
Listening to Christmas music is totally okay when it's the Glee Christmas Album ! :P 
My mom treats everyone like they're retarded . She needs to stop . She's not even that educated to be so condesending . 
Southern Fried Stings on Tru TV is the best waste of time ..... WOW 
Decide what you want , decide what you are willing to exchange for it . Establish your priorities and go to work . - H.L. Hunt 
Sadly addicted to the Dr. < PROPMALE > housewives . 
Oh my god ... the woman on todays Dr < PROPMALE > is horrible . How can she call herself a mother ?! 
Enjoying the laughter of my kids enjoying this cartoon . It's contagious . Life is great ! <3 
Thinking about taking a nap with my lovely Miss < PROPFEMALE > G . 
Okay , ending the episode like that and then witholding a new one for 2 weeks is beyond unacceptable , FOX ! 
Thank god for best friends . They are always a good voice of reason . 
Beyond tired . Gonna sleep for a year . 
Relaxing Sunday . Baking , cooking , making crafts with the kids . Love it all ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > has the most magnificent boobs I have ever seen in my entire life . 
My daughter eats string cheese like corn on the cob . I kid you not . Its hilarious . 
Life's great ! I've got the best daughters in the world and the greatest man beside me . I'm very grateful . 
Aww ! Beautiful episode of glee tonight . <3 
My poor < PROPFEMALE > is sick . :( 
When asked if my cup is half full or half empty , my only response is that I am thankful I have a cup . - < PROPFIRST > Lefkowitz 
So much to be thankful for today . Enjoy your day everyone . Happy Thanksgiving ! 
My daughters night terrors started back up tonight . Had an episode every 15 minutes since 8 pm . Poor thing , I hate knowing I can't do anything but ride it out . Consoling her just makes them worse . :( 
Dark , wet , and gloomy day . Just want to curl up in bed with a book and cocoa . 
Coffee and toast . :) 
Super tired ... bed at 9:30 ?... yes please ! 
I wish it would snow hard and the kids could have a snow day and I could just snuggle with them on couch all day tomorrow . <3 
Squidbillies is the weirdest freakin ' show I have EVER watched and I absolutely love it . 
Naptime with Miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
Damn you Taco < PROPFEMALE > and your deliciously cheap taco goodness . 
< PROPFEMALE > popsicles , < PROPFEMALE > ale and saltines = happier tummy . 
I'm . SO . Hyper right now . SO HYPER ! 
Sometimes , taking a long-overdue piss is better than an orgasm . 
This day in history ( 1933 ) - Prohibition was repealed . Have a drink , because you can ! Cheers ! 
Alright I'm officially fed up with my daughter's school !!! 
Watching animal cops makes me want to stab people in the face for what they do to \their\ " pets . Humans disgust me . " 
Kids are in bed early . Love them to death but couldn't deal with the fighting , screaming and tears any longer . 
Peanut butter and pickle sandwich ... Mmm . :) 
Can't sleep ... luckily my < PROPFEMALE > is coming over to make me pancakes and lay with me . Aww ... I love my best friend . <3 
Today is a new day , which means you get to start ALL over ! Forget yesterday , it does not matter ! 
Got all the stuff I need to do my favorite holiday tradition with the kids tomorrow after work ... making a gingerbread house . Love this time of year . <3 
I'm currently making some changes in my life . If you don't hear from me , consider yourself as one of them . 
Finally found an app that blocks text messages . 
Radio in vehicle is working now thanks to my anger and my fist . 
222 I love ya girl u are so sweet and I love being goofy and making u laugh ... ur kids are adorable ur an amazing mommy ! !!! 
504 what can I say other than u were such a crazy girl years ago but u seem to calmed down a bit LOL u Have always been so close 2 our family luv ya girl ! 
23 5th grade was probably hands down my favorite year LOL so many laughs and our sleep overs were a blast !!! Gotta love tennis balls and scooby LOL 
43211 u have been a great friend u and ur hubby are the sweetest couple and will make great parents . 
77 lots of good memories laughs and wild parties feels like a long time since I have seen ya . 
1022 I have a ton of memories with u that go waaaay back .... I remember smoking fake cigarettes LOL good times !!! 
60 LOL I still feel bad I was sooo mean 2 u .... ur such a sweet funny guy 
1031 ur quite the stud LOL always making me laugh in the midst of craziness Haha 
7 LOL wild man with a big heart !!! I know u would be there for me in a heartbeat if I needed u :) 
13 ... she's couuuunnntttrryy Lmao u always make me laugh lots of great memories !!! Happy hour again soon ?? 
Sometimes u just need to distance yourself from people . If they care , they’ll notice . If they don’t , u know where you stand . 
Can't fall back asleep . Woke up to excruciating back pain . 
777 you are so beautiful ! An awesome mom , huge heart and always putting others before yourself . We used to have so much fun . And I . miss you more than you'll ever know . :) 
Nothing can penetrate this amazing , indestructable mood I've found myself in today . :) 
Woke up to the sound of 3 giggling girls . Life is good . :) 
I just like to smile . Smiling's my favorite . 
Tonight's agenda : slumber party on the living room with the kids . Holiday Movies . Hot Cocoa . Doesn't get any better than this ! Lovin ' be a mom . <3 
I have three very excited kids wanting to go play in the snow . 
Spinach and mushroom omelette was delish . Now hoping to lay down and fall asleep . 
If only everyone had the determination of a cigarette smoker in the cold . 
Yup . I got zero sleep last night . Todays gonna suck . Definitely need to learn how to turn my brain off . 
I wish that in real life everyone would just all of a sudden burst out into song and dance :-D 
It is amazing how kids can entertain themselves w/anything , or nothing . All that's required is an active imagination . 
Shrimp fettuccine < PROPMALE > , jalapeno biscuits and caesar salad ... can't wait til dinners ready ! :) 
Watching The Sing-off ! It's like Glee on drugs . Love it ! <3 
Why do I always get a sudden burst of energy when I'm actually super tired ? 
Sometimes I amuse myself entirely too easily . Also , I am currently covered in glitter . 
It's not even 7 am yet and someone has already managed to irritate me . 
Anyone think its gonna be too cold to bundle my kids up and go to the lights walk thru tonight ? They really wanna go but I'm afraid they'll freeze . 
Vanilla wafers are underrated . 
I need : a hot chocolate , a bubble bath , and cuddles . Simultaneously . 
No good ever comes from letting people in , you always end up hurt . :( 
Confession time ! ( INBOX ONLY ) ... 2010 is almost over . Confess something you have always wanted to TELL me or ASK me ( 100% private ) put this as your status . 
I love seeing people in love . Bitter people are missing out . 
Kids have been home twenty minutes and I'm already wishing it were bedtime . 
Go me . Slipped on ice and really f'd my shit up . 
I really wanna go ice skating soon ! 
Thank god this the year is almost over . I'm ready to start the New Year already geeeeshhh :-) 
Worst feeling ever : Shaving your fingernail . I know this sounds weird but I swear other people had to have done this by accident before too . 
\Stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be . \ " Eat . Pray . Love . " 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I want a sailboat ! Where do I get one of those :-) 
Productive morning ... sorted through kids toys and giving away alot ! Now there's lots of room for all the new ones they'll be getting Christmas . 
Christmas shopping is done ! Only have stocking fillers left to get . :) 
Happiness equals a warm bed . 
So Vannas been up since 4am and I have so much to get done today ... coffee , coffee , coffee . 
Can't wait to have a drink tonight ! 
I farted ! 
Just saw Tron with the lovely boyfriend ... it was amazing ! 
Tacos for dinner then watching Toy Story 3 with kiddos . 
Blew a fuse this am . Christmas lights and blow dryer don't go well together . Good to know . 
I want to be left alone . Indefinitely . 
Fuji apple pear Lifewater is on point ! Tastes like green jolly rancher . :) 
Lacking the strength and fortitude needed to pull myself up and away from my warm bed .. 
Yogurt , poptart , and coffee ... ya , im a champion . 
Listening to Glee Christmas and wrapping presents with my Lil Miss < PROPFEMALE > G . <3 
Life can be full of amazing people and experiences ... So thankful and lucky to share mine with such a great guy ! <3 
I hope that some day humanity will grow up , leave its religious infancy behind , and reason as adults about moral issues . 
And although there's pain in my chest , I still wish you the best with a ... forget you . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! This snow is so pretty ! 
The children were nestled all snug in their beds ... 
Aquasand is pretty neat to play with but cleanup is very messy . 
You know your kids are worn out when they fall asleep in the bath tub . 
Wonderful weekend . My heart feels full . And that is rare these days . 
Getting ready for brunch with the fam . :) 
Making a good breakfast pancakes , omelets , french toast , and hash browns with the kids . 
Babysitting < PROPFEMALE>'s kids . Nice having lil boys around for a change . :) b 
is doing a bunch of nothing with her kids but enjoying the day . The house is a mess ... oh well ! :) 
Had a great conversation with my mama . Full of laughter and tears . Love that my mom understands me better than anyone ever could . <3 
But I have to admit , it felt good on my lips ... 
My daughter called 911 on her lil sister .... needless to say she's in big trouble . 
Trying to sleep but there's too much on my mind . TOO much . Over thinking has always been a negative attribute of mine . 
Latte time . Love my new espresso machine ! :) 
I want a tetherball set . 
My daughter is becoming a flavor genius ! Grilled cheese on sourdough with sun dried tomato hummus . Serious YUM ! :-) 
I'd rather run the other way than stay and see . 
< PROPFEMALE > is so sick . Been up all night with her . Poor thing . :( 
I wonder if they do interventions for 4 year olds who are addicted to < PROPFIRST > Party on the Wii ? 
the kids are playing some sort of whole-house shrieking hide -&- seek tag game--I'm hiding in my bedroom .... 
The children are all tucked in bed . The house is quiet . Next door , that is . This place sounds like Animal House .... 
Trying to get kids to nap so they can hopefully behave the rest if this year . 
Shouldn't these kids be in bed already ? Who's in charge here ? Lol . 
Ah , Sleep . You elusive little vixen , you .... 
Who needs an alarm clock when u got a daughter who can slap ur face til u wake up ?!! 
Half-way thru first cup of coffee -- I just know my brain will engage shortly ... 
Who knew that I could be stressed and at peace . All at the same time . It's such an odd combination . 
Experiencing side effects of low exposure to high density coffee drink , headache is commencing . Need to remedy . 
Taking girls to see Tangled , then dinner . 
I could very well be going crazy . Terrifyingly possible . 
\I'll catch a Grenade for you\ " . I don't think < PROPMALE > Mars has ever seen Jersey Shore . " 
Stressful day ! Can't wait to unwind with bath and Jersey Shore tonight . 
Coffee is a magical beverage that turns terrible days into tolerable days . 
My four year old , \Mom can I invite a baby monkey to my birthday ? \"" 
I'm so in love with my life right now ! ! 
Bed . 
Why can't everyday be as pleasant as this one . :) 
I'm pretty sure one day the truth will come out that all < PROPMALE > Hardy clothing was designed by a 3rd grader on acid . 
There are just some people who're ridiculously intolerable . 
Yup . I managed to somehow fall in the washing machine . Go me . 
The more I think of it , the more I realize there are no answers . Life is to be lived . ~ Marilyn < PROPMALE > 
Every song has an ending , but is that any reason not to enjoy the music ? 
Heading out to go sledding ! 
People who urge you to be realistic generally want you to accept their version of reality . 
Why do I attempt to clean and organize ? These princesses are animals . 
< PROPFIRST > Tosh is the cutest douchebag ever ! 
Watching < PROPMALE > Jr. with Vanna ... then going to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and Becca . 
I can't make a good decision to save my life . 
You think you're so cool cause you can pee with your penis . 
My kids have a gift . In bed , then ten minutes later asleep . If only it were that easy for sleep to come my way . 
Why does cereal taste so much better at night ? 
I eat so many gummi vitamins a day I think I'm actually killing myself . 
I feel like at some point , Uggs became the footwear equivalent of wearing pajamas to the grocery store . 
I'm really just a kid with boobs and regrets . 
\If you can make a girl laugh you can make her do anything . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
In a great mood ... shit aint perfect but I have my reasons 2 smile :) 
I don't know how arguments were ever settled before Google . 
Two more hours . 
So excited for girls night tonight ! :) 
Incredible words , an incredible man . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. : \Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter . \"" 
Some people need to learn how to wear antiperspirant . 
My hands are very dry . \ 
They're about to shrivel up and rot off . \ 
It's that bad , yes . 
Stressed . And my body isn't taking it positively . 
Glad I went to the gym ; worked up a sweat , relieved some tension , and now feel human again . 
< PROPFEMALE > Portman , you are like the most beautiful girl ever . 
Brrrrrrrrr . Freezing my butt off ! Even in sweats and fuzzy socks . 
Fever . Aches . Chills . Ugh . 
Pretty sure my daughters ' Zhu Zhu Pets have reproduced ... 
I have a spider bite ! OMG . TRAUMA ! What if it laid eggs in my skin ?!?!?! 
I'm listening to the sweet sound of one of my children vacuuming .... I love that sound . 
Napping sounds like an awfully good plan . 
The people who know the least about you , always have the most to say . 
Why yes , I did just drop my daughter off for school in her pajamas . Maybe next time she'll use the hour and half she has every morning and get dressed instead of throwing a fit ! 
Gym or Just Dance ???? Wii wins tonight I think !! 
My favorite part of the day is when I first wake up because for those five seconds , I don't remember a thing . Then life hits me . 
Watched my neighbor almost drive into their house . Idiots . 
Seriously- the kids are calling each other boogers , I'm tempted to call them snot balls and send them to bed ! Lol 
I hope the meaning of life isn't something we're all going to hate . 
Granny Smith apple n extra creamy peanut butter :) 
I should have really gone with my orginal career plan that I had when I was 4 . Mermaid . Life woulda been easier . 
I'd be less introverted if the conversations in my head weren't better than the conversations I have with other people . 
Is it baseball season yet ? I can't wait ! 
Whenever I get depressed about society and how dumb we are , I try to remember that every one of us is here because someone wanted to orgasm . 
Operation children go to bed underway . 
Adulthood , in a nutshell , is making your kids finish their fruit while you hide in the pantry and eat milk duds for breakfast . 
It's too early for Yo Gabba Gabba * GROAN * 
My neck hurts . What did I DO Saturday night ? 
Looks like a pizza & movie kind of night :-) 
Day 2 of quarantine with 3 kids , one sick , the other 2 are just scaling the walls . Send chocolate . Scratch that , send vodka . 
Screw you , internet connection . I'm not in the mood for your crap . You're worse than my ex husband . Quick bursts , then nothing . 
The back of my shirt has just been used as a handkerchief by a 4 year old . Lovely . 
I want a new phone but I can't decide what to get . 
Going out to dinner with my mama . :) 
\I have to dilute my pheromone output with a fart here & there or women will straight up go insane . \ " -my neighbor lol " 
< PROPFEMALE>'s at her dads , < PROPFEMALE > is asleep . So < PROPFEMALE > and I are having a total girls night complete with facials , pedicures and ice cream . <3 
Steelers you got this . Step up your game . 
Some people create their own storm and get upset when they get rained on . 
I love how nothing in this house is MINE . ie : Put lotion on my face . The < PROPFEMALE > just HAD to have some and screamed until I gave her some . 
hmmm coffee makes everything better ( oh and maybe a dash of baileys lol ) ;) 
I accidentally deleted the saved texts on my phone . I hate today . 
Apparently there is an entire population of walmart shoppers who can't read the sign above the express checkout . 
I do love snuggling into my bed and sinking under the covers . Bed = bliss :) 
Roar . I woke up cranky . Where is my punctuation < PROPFIRST > ? 
This Morning my Favorite Two Things Are :\ 
Old people that brake at every intersection because they can’t see what color the signal light is until they are really close , and cookies . 
It's hard to swim in a world so shallow . 
Ladies , how many of you are now in a serious relationship with that guy who honked/yelled at you on the street ? That must work , right ? 
My GOD , lay off the Old Spice . 
I haven't been in 3rd grade for a long time , and I have no idea what kind of math this is . I have never seen it before in my life . 
I don't trust anyone who eats food from 7-11 while sober . 
I really REALLY need one of those disco shower heads . 
Congratulating the people of Egypt ... You deserve it ! 
Ok I am NOT a happy camper right about now ! 
A solid good night's sleep cannot be overrated ... 
According to my daughter \Snookie is nice like freakin ' < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Really need to clean this house ... it's such a mess but I have no motivation . 
I'm pretty sure Journey wrote their music for me specifically . Thanks < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and other guys I can't remember . 
I have a feeling someone is going to be some kind of < PROPMALE > over tomorrow . 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
Had a ridiculously awesome weekend but it went by entirely too fast . 
Having seperated all the laundry , I am now overwhelmed . How do they go through so many clothes in just a few days ? 
Why does Orange juice tastes so bad after brushing your teeth .... ewww . 
Daughter is having a tantrum though it sounds more like she's pooing herself ! Must . Not . Laugh . 
Hoping the Cardinals pull their magic out and sign Pujols today ! 
It's so nice outside . I don't want to go out there and ruin it . 
Making hot wings and sitting outside with neighbors . Lovin ' it ! 
Droopy balls ? Buy briefs ! A bra for your balls ! 
Pink lemonade : Just like regular lemonade except pink , and therefore infinitely more FAAABULOOOUS ? 
Life is short , live it . Love is rare , grab it . Anger is bad , dump it . Fear is awful , face it . Memories are great , < PROPFEMALE > it . 
Sitting outside with a coffee , reading a book . Necessary indulgence before the kiddos wake up . <3 
Don't text me unless you are pretty sure I love you . This means no annoying ex's . 
No matter what anybody tells you words and ideas can change the world . ~ Dead Poets Society 
My daughter is simply using toast as a conduit for butter consumption ... 
Baby I like it- screaming like never before 
Do you hear that ? It's the sound of the weekend !!! 
My daughter just texted me from the bathroom to bring her some toilet paper ... really ? 
Dear 60 degree weather : Let's make out . Xoxo , < PROPFEMALE > 
My mind right now : afkdjskakfhs . Yup . 
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your weakness and still thinks you're completely amazing . :) 
Had fun tonight . But so tired . Ready to pass out for an eternity . :) 
Girls finally all agreed and named the dog < PROPMALE > . 
Woah , I've been very productive today . Afraid I've set the week's bar too high . Crap . Maybe I should take a nap . 
The last hour took this day from \eh\ " to \ " OMFG\ " .... so going to lose my mind . " 
Sucks making positive decisions when the wrong option is so tempting . 
My bare feet just found that sweet cold spot in the sheets and I almost orgasmed . 
If you wear socks to bed , I have to believe you don't have any feelings . 
Puppy slept the whole night without crying ! #success 
I used to like you but I'm so offended by your close mindedness that I don't think we can be cool again . 
The hardness in my hands , the warm , wet creaminess going down my throat , sometimes dripping on my chin Oh , my coffee cup—I love you ! 
One roll of paper towels and half a bottle of Windex later , I discovered , thanks to my 4 y/o , that deodorant is surprisingly extremely difficult to wipe off glass . 
My puppy is soooooooo cute !!!! I just want to eat his wittle face . 
Swiper , NO SWIPING ! Jesus , he just never freakin learns . That makes < PROPFEMALE > and Boots insane , by definition . 
If you don't complain about your kids , you aren't spending enough time with them . 
Do not pick me up over your shoulder to throw me in a swimming pool because I will most likely fart in your ear . 
There are 14 lil girls between the age of 4-10 sleeping over and they're all doped up on sweets . 
I can get out of bed and fix breakfast for the kids . Or I can lie here listening to them pour Chex and Cheese-Itz into the toaster . 
My kids have been playing \How many DVDs can be shoved into the DVD player before it breaks . \"" 
If we could only spit dragon-like balls of fire to get people out of the way when we're in a hurry , What A Wonderful World This Would Be . 
As much as I hate aging , I take solace in the fact I will never have erectile disfunction . 
Oh no , the batteries in the really really really annoying toy guitar are dead . And the world is out of batteries . 
TIP : If you want to find the biggest a**hole at your party , leave an acoustic guitar out . 
The < PROPFEMALE > rule in my house ... if it's funny you're not in trouble . 
Drinking this cup of coffee to get the energy to make a latte . 
Today is a freakin ' good day and yes I'm jumping on the happy bandwagon , let's go . 
Just tried Kelloggs Frosted Mini Wheats with Fruit in the Middle - can you say YUMMY !!?? 
If you are not willing to be the < PROPMALE > Charming of my dreams , then don't expect me to be the Porn < PROPFEMALE > of yours !!!! 
The worst part about having kids is that they magnify every single thing that's wrong with you . And they wake up early . 
The girls and I are spending a nice day together uncleaning the house . 
Lovin ' my life . :-) 
I need a caffeine IV and some type of hallucinogen that makes all the work I have to get done feel like a video game ( that I'm winning ) . 
Scared yet very excited . Can't wait to start this new chapter soon . 
Watching Avatar . I really don't get why people came in their pants over this movie . 
It's so nice to pet & love on someone & have ' em just lay there & lick his penis . ( And no , I'm not talking about my boyfriend . ) 
Dog has destroyed my kids ' plush toys . Fluff everywhere . Cartoon graphic violence , like a PG version of Texas Chainsaw Massacre . 
It's hard enough for me to take Catholic people seriously on a normal day 
It must be said that I make a MEAN smoothie . 
Forget Sheen . If I want to hear a ranting man tell me about his special powers , magic blood and subjugation of women- I'll just go to church . 
My 4 yr old daughter just told me there's a crocodile in her room . What a liar . 
\I don't like the taste of water\ " - First World Problem " 
I overthink EVERYTHING ! But the little things add up to me and then it all just festers in my mind and sits there forever . Wish I could stop . 
Put sprinkles in my kids ' cereal this morning and am now a rock < PROPFEMALE > . 
My 4 yr old girl's reaction to the disaster in Japan : \Maybe they don't have any buildings there so everyone's okay . \ " Sweet innocence . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Marler text me . Im not at computer and lost ur number . 3143151057 :-) 
Someone pee for me . I'm too comfortable to get up . 
Boys are gross no matter the species ... my dog just farted in my face . ICKY ICKY !!! 
The only person I'm better than is the person I was yesterday . 
\Scoundrel\ " and \ " dastardly\ " need to make a comeback in our daily vocabulary . " 
Just an FYI , I WILL be completely immersed in all things Kate/William this month . Need a fairytale wedding to distract from the warmongering . 
It's possible that this year has been the April Fools joke . 
I had a dream that all the birds were angry birds and dive bombing us humans . It was terrifying . 
Technology is frustrating me today . I might overreact and start a militia . 
Kiss me please prevert me 
Kickball ! 
Not trying to impress you ... but I can wink with both eyes at the same time . 
Just walked nose first into a glass door in front of dozens of people because I pushed instead of pulled . Thats how you keep it real people . 
Go to sleep little girl . You're adorable but it's going to go downhill real soon . 
My pillow actually sobbed when I left it this morning . 
New number 636 980 0442 . Text me yours . 
If I had a massage chair in my house , I'd be the laziest mo-fo on the planet . 
If I'm not in bed by 10 pm tonight someone spank me . 
My children are running a very successful campaign to take me down . 
I just enjoyed the SHIT out of that latte . 
\All You Need Is Love . \ " And some good sex . And oxygen . And water . And cheesecake . " 
3rd grade homework that requires me to Google things is bullshit . 
Slumberus interruptus . 
Whatever my kid is on they should bottle it .... It's kinda like Red Bull , but with less wings , more pain in the ass . 
I have the motivation of a gnat that's been trampled on and is still alive with just one leg twitching . Kill me already . 
Whoever came up with the idea of shower caddy suction cups should go back to Inventor's School .... plus I may have broken a toe . 
I guess those penis enlargement pills are working , you're twice the < PROPMALE > you were yesterday .. 
God I am so fucking in love it's absolutely disgusting . 
I think I just brought sexy back ..... doing the < PROPFIRST > Mouse Clubhouse ' Hotdog Dance ' for the kids . I'm just bursting with hotness , you guys ! 
There's about to be a party in my tummy involving red meat and french fries . Be jealous . 
If you spell Masturbation like this ... ' Masterbation ' , I'm pretty sure that's the only thing you've ever mastered . 
Finally . Alcohol . Thought I was going to have to kill myself . 
If I die in my home the cops are going to have fun having sword fights with my vibrator collection 
And < PROPMALE > blows it . Why is he still pitching for us ??? 
Yeah theres a party in the USA ! 
Tyrannosaurus < PROPMALE > was so fierce and angry all the time because his arms were way too short to masturbate . 
If you're a guy who whines or cries more than a woman . I will gladly lend you my pocket mirror and tweezers to search for those elusive balls . 
My world can continue rotating now . All members of Jersey Shore have signed on for season 4 in Italy . 
Kids are eating marshmallows for dinner . That's ok right ? 
I want to swim in my coffee it's so delicious . 
Against : Genetically modifying animals for food consumption . \ 
Support : Genetically modifying dogs to purr . 
Guys : If you do that V thing with your fingers & tongue to a girl , she instantly hates you . 
And ya know , just for shits & giggles , we should totally end this sucky night with a full-blown temper tantrum . Thanks , daughter . 
Yup . I'm eating chips with my wine . I'm all class . I'm all that and a bag of chips . Yup , I said it . 
No , standing as close to me as you possibly can will not make the line move faster . 
Also , it's no accident douchebag and axe body spray smell exactly alike . 
Kid Rock lost his luster when his midget died . 
I should video my daughter crying & rolling around on the floor as a testament to why 1st graders don't need homework . 
I'm so busy making excuses I barely have time for any real procrastination these days . 
That one hair stuck somewhere on the back of your shirt that's tickling your arm ? Your enemy put it there to taunt you . 
You know what's grosser than kids ? Me . I have wiped my kids ' snot with my bare hand when there were no tissues around . 
I like my coffee like I like my men . \ 
Tall , strong and able to kiss me like the world is about to end . 
Sometimes when they say 4G I hear orgy because I just do . 
So I go to check on the kids to see if they're asleep and I notice < PROPFEMALE > is reading under her blankets with a flashlight . She says \Sorry Mom it's intense . \ " LOL " 
When your kids go to sleep with smiles on their faces , you know you're not doing too bad . 
Breakfast with the Easter < PROPFEMALE > and Easter egg hunt . Kiddos are excited . 
I think a 2 hour soak in a super hot bath sounds like a plan tonight . 
There's no graceful way to pick yourself up off the floor after your rolly chair has dissed you . Trust me . 
Put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower , armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 1% are awesome , and will re-post this . I dare you . 
My hiccup sounds can best be described as pterodactyl . 
This is simple , people . Bagels should be salty , muffins should be sweet . Bran muffins and strawberry bagels should be illegal . 
Again today , I had one of those moments where I wished women had balls so I could kick them . 
How come burnt bacon is the most delicious substance on earth , yet burnt popcorn is wretched ? Life , you are a mystery . 
After my daughter has pushed every known button , she finds four new ones I didn't know existed . \ 
\ 
Practice reliable birth control , girls . 
Bitch don't yell at my kid . Move over ... I'll do it . 
My phone just autocorrected ' coffee ' into ' come ' .... Um yes ... ' cause either of those would put a spring in my step . 
Welcome to Hollister , would you like a gasmask , earplugs , or a flashlight ? 
If Goatdog eats one more friggin ' pair of my underwear , I'll have to embrace the commando lifestyle in full force . 
I just coughed up one of those Mucinex monsters . They totally exist and I'm disgusting . 
Toddlers have it right ; when someone is being stupid , just bite them . 
After I pump gas , I shake the nozzle a little . It's the closest feeling a woman can have to using a urinal . 
My daughter just pooped in the tub , and I cleaned it up with salad tongs . Some people call me a genius . 
Google Image Search : \GEODUCK\ " . I'm sorry & your welcome . " 
My skin isn't aware that I'm turning 28 this year , so it can stop breaking out like I'm 14 . Christ . 
Just took a shower with both the dishwasher & washing machine going . Hot/Cold/Hot/Cold . Now I know what it's like being in a relationship with a woman . 
Who's this Jesus dude ? 
Somebody PLEASE make my daughter turn her stereo down . It's too friggin early for Bieber . 
I've had a bag of mini eggs in the house for three days and I haven't even opened them . \ 
I think I've been abducted by aliens . 
I can't help but feel my childhood might have been different had these cute plastic animals that poop < PROPFEMALE > been around . 
Kids enjoying seasonal sugar high . Just waiting for the inevitable crash . 
I became friends with a magical flying piglet in my dream last night . I wish he was real :( 
I somehow managed to get chocolate inside my shoe . And somehow mastered the bravery to figure out it was chocolate . 
I don't think I could ever stab someone . I can barely get the straw in the Capri Sun . 
Pouring milk on Doritos and pretending it's cereal isn't as good of an idea as I thought it would be . 
If your kids are eerily quiet for a long period of time in the backyard , there's a helluva good < PROPMALE > that they're building a mud pit . 
If you're gonna make your belly button talk , an accent is required . 
A Lysol commercial just told me to disinfect the thing I touch the most . I think this is gunna burn . 
Everything was better back when Daddy would < PROPFEMALE > me to bed if I fell asleep watching a movie . 
Happy birthday to my awesome daughter < PROPFEMALE > . She is 10 today ! <3 
\Mom 
The only reason I still interact with people is so I always have a reason to drink . 
An old lady wearing skin-tight sweatpants just allowed her camel toe to wave at me and now I need to wash my eyes out with soap . 
I wonder if my life would be better if I wrapped it in bacon . 
Nerd alert : I found myself scanning the various crowds during the < PROPMALE > Wedding coverage , looking for The Observer . #Fringe 
My sense of direction in real life is pretty bad , but on < PROPFIRST > Kart ? It is freaking AWFUL , much to the delight of my daughter . 
My kids will apparently never learn that being bombarded w/a zillion unanswerable questions first thing in the morn is not at all awesome . 
4 yr old daughter is running around topless , calling herself < PROPFIRST > . If you've ever seen Trailer Park Boys , you'll understand & be horrified . 
I'm so glad I have all daughters . I adore them . They're so much fun ! 
My ' having sex ' noises are the identical to my ' eating pizza ' ones . 
Girls are all asleep , passed out from fun-filled night . Now I'm sitting on porch with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . Haven't done this in forever . I missed these guys . :) 
-Catch me if you can , Osama said . - Yes we can , Obama replied . 
Pinching nipples is like popping those little air bubbles in the packing wrap . \ 
I can't help myself . 
Homework done . Now making tacos for dinner . Then wash up , jammies and movie night with my favorite people , my kids ! <3 
If people winked in real life as much as they wink in texts , the world would be an extremely creepy place . Wait , it already is . 
Friggin insomnia . I'm pretty sure this is how Manson got started . 
Loathing this ... Hate my ex-husband with the passion of a 1000 suns . 
Just learned the most bone-chilling sound : When your try to start you car - and it's already running . 
Please educate yourself before you go starting a political argument . Thank you . 
My daughter decorated the outside of the car with stickers to \make it pretty . \ " I admire her dedication but her execution was all kinds of wrong . " 
My iPhone punishes me with a one minute waiting period when I fail to remember my access code because it wants me to feel dumb . 
I bet Ke$ha's dad used < PROPFEMALE > lip gloss as lube during her < PROPFEMALE > which explains everything about her looks and intelligence . 
The benefit of the doubt is usually just a euphemism for naive and gullible . 
I can't be the only women who grabs her imaginary penis every time she parallel parks successfully . 
It's cute that my kids think I actually want to talk to them . 
Yesterday I made my ex cry , and today I made him apologize . So it's only a matter of time before he kills himself . Fingers crossed . 
Mommy's not allowed to sing along to the < PROPFEMALE > Ballerina theme song without kiddo getting mad . Little shit . 
Sometimes I run around my house in my underpants like a 6 year old spy ... my target ? The furry four legged makeup stealer . 
If you have fake nails and drive an Eclipse I just assume you're an exotic dancer . 
I swear pink lighters die faster than any other color . 
You know when your sitting still and the whole room is spinning but in reality it's probably not-yup that . 
My lil sis graduates from high school in a week !!! Man I feel old . 
