The new year is a < PROPMALE > for me to get it right ... Lord give me the strength . 

Hello Facebook world im here to be nosy in my daughters life !!! < PROPFEMALE > LOVE YOU !!! 
When I get off from work I like to kiss the dog & kick the kids :) . Bunch of hard-headed kids , they are my babies :) 
I need a vacation ... Any ideas on where to go ? 
change begins within .... step outside of ur comfort zone .... went to the comedy club last nite , first time in a long time since I been out ... it was GREAT !!!!! 
Nothing on my mind . Feel pretty good . I had a good day at work . Getting back into my writing . Stay positive all wil lbe good . 
staying positve ... when I feel myself go down :( ... I turn on my music & go to my \happy place . \ " :) . Seems I have been going there alot lately .... " 
When Christ said : '' I was hungry & you fed me , '' he didn't mean only the hunger for bread & food ; he also meant the hunger to be loved . Jesus himself experienced this loneliness -- The same hunger , loneliness , having no one to be accepted by & to be loved & wanted by . 
All you need is love . But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt . 
Praise the Lord & pass the Peas ..... One more day TGIF !!!!! 
A new day ? A new me ?...... What will tomorrow bring ? 
Parenting in a marathon , not a sprint ... but whichever race you run , those freakin ' cramps get you everytime =D 
When everything's coming your way , you're in the wrong < PROPFIRST > . 
I don’t suffer from insanity , I enjoy every minute of it . 
When life gives you lemons ... Give them back & tell him to make the lemonade :) 
People are not mind readers ... remember a closed mouth does not get fed 
Don't waste a minute being unhappy . If one window closes - run to the next window - or break down a door . 
Happy Thanksgiving Family ..... I am actually finished w/my dinner on time for once :) 
No matter how many time I ride this ride ..... It's scares me each & every time :) 
If you try you will never be a failure ... A failure is a person who does not try . 
is tried of worring about things that are out of my control , I should be counting my blessings for the things I have & what I have accomplished . Go figure . 
Survived another day ... Looking for a brighter tomorrow 
Life is a Beach .... Full of rocks & broken glass . 
Fate – everything happens for a reason . And when fate happens look for the good in it as it is there . 
Nobody trips over mountains . It is the small pebble that causes you to stumble . Pass all the pebbles in your path and you will find you have crossed the mountain . 
Remember , if you’re headed in the wrong direction , God allows U-turns ! 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . 
Stress is the trash of modern life - we all generate it but if you don't dispose of it properly , it will pile up and overtake your life . 
Others will never know what you want if you don't make your intentions clear . 
OW !!!!! My neck hurts :( I can't move the right side of my body . 
If you want to make your dreams come true , the first thing you have to do is wake up . 
Never look down on anybody unless you're helping him up :-) 
Hope everyone has a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas & a Happy New Year !!!!! 
Friendship is like a violin ; the music may stop now and then , but the strings will last forever . -- Happy New Year !!! 
If all my friends were to jump off a bridge , I wouldn't follow . I'd be at the bottom to catch them when they fall . 
Courage is the power to let go of the familiar ....... Happy Year !!!!! 
NEW YEARS RESOLUTION : Refuse To Settle 
A woman is like a tea bag - you never know how strong she is until she gets in hot water -- If you want something said , ask a man ; if you want something done , ask a woman 
If wishes were horses , beggars would ride . 
The time is always right to do what is right . ~ Martin < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. 
No matter how you work the pieces of the puzzle , the picture always comes out the same . 
You can't win , you can't break even & you can't get of the game -- Scarecrow 
If one more person ask me about the Health Care Reform , I going to do some reformation of my own !!!!! 
Health Care Reform = Grit , Spit & a whole lotta ' duck tape 
It's so easy to fall in love but hard to find someone who will catch you . 
Many people are starving , one reason ? Closed mouths don't get fed . 
Not a \Blonde\ " after all :) " 
Beautiful day , feeling good ... Lets hope it stays that way :p 
If the people we love are stolen from us , The way to have them live on , is to remember them . Buildings burn , people die , but real love is forever . 
Everything happens for a reason , it's up to us to figure out what that reason is . 
I am way 2 old & tried .... If I want 2 play games , I will play w/my kids ....... 
Only true love is a mother's love ..... HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! 
When the world pushes u to ur knees , ur in a perfect position to pray ...... 
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take , but by the moments that take our breath away ...... 
It was a pretty good day , I was up , then I was down , then I was up again .... Damn !! I hate rollercoasters :) 
it was a long day , but I made it ... 1 down & 4 more 2 go ... TYJ 
don't u just luv being thrown in middle of something ? No warning no heads up , just thrown like a rag doll . 
women r like phones , we luv 2 be held & talked 2 ; but if u press the wrong button , u'll be disconnected . 
In my car on lunch listening 2 music ..... Now that is a break :) 
It's Friday YAAA , but my whole face hurts , sinuses sucks !! 
Man , it's a beautiful day ... I truly believe in ultraviolet therapy . :p 
I've finally realized the people that u want 2 luv who don't want 2 luv u back r just another lesson in life ... it's like GOD is teaching us that there can b so much better than what we though was the best . 
Took my baby 2 < PROPMALE > E Cheese 4 his b-day ..... Had a ball ... Now he's out like a light .. 2 bad he won't sleep alnite 
The Bible tells us 2 luv our neighbors & also our enemies ... probably because they r generally the same people . 
Is ready 2 go home ... Will this day ever end ? 
Another day ... not enough dollars .. get 2 leave early .. but have a dentist appt .... that's kinda like jumping out of the frying pan into the fire :o ) 
Either lead , follow or get the F&@# out of my way !!!! 
Definition of a real man ...... hold on , I'm thinkin ' :op 
How long has it been since someone touched part of you other than your body ? 
GONE FISHIN ' :) 
Instead of complaining that the rosebush has thorns .... Be happy that the thorn bush has roses ... 
PLEASE !!!! Does anyone speak stupid !!! 
Don't except rides from strange men & remember that all men are strange :) 
I've arrived at this outermost edge of my life by my own actions . Where I am is thoroughly unacceptable . Therefore , I must stop doing what I've been doing . 
It's gonna be a long 2 weeks ... 11 hour days what was I smokin ? :) 
Be careful what u wish for ; U may just get all ... And then some u don't want . 
just got off from work , so tired can't see straight ... 2 down .... 3 to go :) 
Now I lay me down 2 sleep ... 
Be kind , for everyone u meet is fighting a hard battle .. 
While ur tryin ' to figure it out , HE'S already worked it out !! 
Drive til u loose the road or break with the ones u follow .... 
< PROPMALE > is always powerful . Let your hook be always cast ; in the pool wher you least expect it , there will be fish . 
HAPPY FRIDAY !!!! off on Monday ... Do the happy dance : 0P 
Don't take my love as a sign of a weakness ... check into the situation .. dig a little deeper ... 
Good news is I found it .... Bad news is I don't remember what I was looking for ... :oP 
sitting in silence ... why is everything so loud ? 
They said curiousity killed the cat ...... but did anyone see him do it ? 
Live life like a symphony ... Play all ur instruments in < PROPFEMALE > and it will make beautiful music . 
Don't run from ur future ... Run to it .... 
Beautiful weekend ... Finally , all is right in MY world . 
oh where oh where has little dog gone ... he could have at least invited me ! 
I wanna be loved by somebody who's strong enough for me ; I wanna be free with my feelings , that's the way it's suppose to be ; I want to share my emotions & give you what you need .. just don't turn away when I say \I just wanna to be me . \ " -- G . Knight & J . Foxx " 
< PROPFEMALE > light , < PROPFEMALE > bright , first < PROPFEMALE > I see tonight ...... 
Follow Christ & you will never be lead astray .... 
Don't apologize for your feelings , it's like apologizing for the truth . 
They say 2 wrongs don't make a right .... what about a left ? HAPPY FRIDAY & GO IN GOD'S SPEED :) 
Depression : The inability to make an impression .. 
I feel a story comin ' on , this should interesting ... it's be a long time :) 
I'm only me . That's is all I can be . No more , no less , don't second guess . I love , I live , I laugh , I cry , I've wished sometimes that I could die . Some days I'm funny , others I'm not , sometimes I'm in overdrive and I can't stop . You may not like me , but that's okay because this is me and how I'll stay . 
A journey of a thousand < PROPMALE > begins with a single step .. Now , are we ready ? Good , let's go .. 
It's been a long day ... Need to prepare for a long week ... LORD , give me strength !!! 
The only respect worth having is self-respect .... 
Why beat a dead horse ? It's only gonna ' come back to haunt you . :) 
Goodnight ! Goodnight ! Parting is such sweet sorrow ; that I shall goodnight ' til it be morrow -- W . Shakespear 
Don't be too proud to ask for direction ... You can't get no more lost than you already are .. Go by faith not by sight 
If actions speak louder than words , why is so quiet ? 
' Cause I wonder where u r & I wonder what u do . R u somewhere feeling lonely or is someone lovin ' you . Tell me how to win ur heart , for I haven't gotta clue . But let me start by saying -- I LOVE YOU ... 
hey mom its < PROPFEMALE > ! i jus hacked ur < PROPFEMALE > ! lol i freakin luv u !!! : * muah <3 
Every time I think of you , I'm sad . Every time I hear your name , I'm mad , but every time I think of how you made me feel , I'm glad 
Kiss me and you'll see stars ... Love me and I'll give then to you . 
If everyone cared and nobody cried ... \ 
If everyone loved and nobody lied ... \ 
If everyone shared and swallowed their pride ... \ 
Then we'd see the day when nobody died . \ 
-- Nickelback 
Somewhere there's someone who dreams of your smile , and finds in your presence that life is worth while , so when you are lonely remember it's true ; Somebody is thinking of you . 
The < PROPMALE > is not making money , but in keeping it . 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter , and those who matter don't mind . 
Been there , done that ... Scramble the payback 
people need to learn , you don't look a gift horse in the mouth , it just may bite you !! 
I really hate when people think they are doing you a favor when in reality it's the other way around . Really , wake up & smell the bacon , it's burning !!! 
Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down . 
Nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes , there too much fraternizing with the enemy . 
If you love someone , do not put their name in a heart because hearts can be broken . Instead , put their name in a circle because circles go on forever . 
Love yourself and you will forever be loved . 
Happy Fathers day to all the fb fathers 
Do not tell the man carrying you that he stinks . 
I have neither the time or the inclination to explain myself to a man who rises & sleeps under the blanket of the very freedom I provide , then question the manner in which I provide it . I perfer you said thank you & went on your way , otherwise , I suggest you pick up a weapon & stand a post . Either way , I < PROPMALE>' give a damn what you think you are entitled to !! 
We do what we have to do in order to do what we want to do . -- The Great Debaters 
So ready for a vacation !!!! 
I think God leaves alone to let me find my own strengths . Sometimes it is very lonely , but I know the lonely times teach me the most . I must let go in order to let anything in . No one can love me , for me . 
Friends will keep you sane , love could fill your heart , a lover can warm your bed , but lonely is the soul without a mate . 
I WANNA ' GO HOME ! 
Even though a leopard may change his spots , he is still a leopard 
Had a pretty good day , took my honeybun swimming , I actually got in the water .. that's a start :) 
Ask me how many times my heart has been broken and I will tell you to look in the sky and count the stars . 
I would rather be hurt with the truth than scared with a lie ! 
If life was easy , would it still be called life ? 
Look into my eyes and hear what I'm not saying , for my eyes speak louder than my voice ever will . 
My allergies were acting up & I just took some benadryl , thats all folks ;op 
It's a small world after all :oP 
oooh , what a tangled web we weave . 
Your success and happiness lies in you . Resolve to keep your happiness & joy and you shall form an invinicible host against difficuilites . 
We all come to the same fork in the road & instead of using it , it's funny how people still choose to use their fingers . 
U would be surprised what u can see once u wipe the tears from ur eyes . 
Happy Fireworks Day .... Have fun & be safe !!!!! 
However many holy words you read , however many you speak , what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them ? \ 
Buddha 
You , yourself , as much as anybody in the entire universe , deserve your love and affection . \ 
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love ; it the prerogative of the brave ... 
Why so blue Panda bear ? 
bored , tired & don't feel like doing any work . I want go home !! I NEED MY HAPPY PILLS :OP 
Truly , I've been through the storm and rain . I know everything about heartache & pain , But God carried me through it all without His protection I'll surely fall . \ 
I've been broke without a dime to my name , But all my < PROPMALE > got paid because I called on Jesus name . You can't tell me that God isn't real ' cause I've got the Victory & that's why I'm still here -- Y . Adams 
Do I have 2 go ? :o ( 
Love will never fail in this < PROPFEMALE > tale .... 
2 paths have been placed before me , both will bring happiness , neither is better then the other , so how do u choose ? 
I don't pretend to know what love is for everyone , but I can tell you what it is for me ; love is knowing all about someone & still wanting to be with them more than any other person , love is trusting them enough to tell them everything about yourself including the things you might be ashamed of , love is feeling comfortable & safe with someone , but still getting weak knees when they walk into a room & smile at you . 
A dame that knows the ropes isn't likely to get tied up . 
It's gonna be one of those days . 
Happy Friday !! Go in God speed . 
Mean what you say , say what you mean ... it makes life much easier . 
Today ? Not good . I have a headache & I'm in a crappy mood . I just wanna go home & try it again another day . 
All I want to know is .. Why ? 
Be still sad heart & cease repining ; behind the clouds is the sun still shining . 
If you think nobody cares if you're alive , try missing a couple of car payments . 
Today is actually turning out to be a pretty good . 
At home , no noise & a hot cup of coffee ... AHHHH 
I don't know WHAT the future holds , but I do know WHO holds the future . 
Opportunities are like sunrises ; if you wait to long , you miss them . 
Woman was taken out of man ; not out of his head to top him , nor out of his feet to be trampled underfoot . But out of his side to be equal to him , under his arm to be protected , and near his heart to be loved . 
This hug from outta the blue to let you know I'm thinking of you ; and even though I've nothing to say , you know I thought of you today . 
Happy to be alone , sad because I'm lonely . 
I don't suffer from stress , I'm a carrier :p 
If I am not worth the wooing , I'm surely am not worth the winning . 
If you can't see the bright side of life , polish the dull side ; and if that doesn't work , get a new one :oP 
It's gonna be a long week , back on the OT kick . TYJ 
LORD GIVE ME STRENGTH !!!! 
When ur at the end at the end of ur rope , tie it in a knot & < PROPFEMALE > on .... 
You can ask all the questions you want to everyone you know , but GOD himself is the only one who has the TRUE answer . TYJ 
We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have , but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have . 
It's to let go of things that ails you , but NEVER let go of Christ .... TYJ 
I don't wish to be everything to everyone , but I would like to be something to someone . 
Twinkle , Twinkle little < PROPFEMALE > , the cow jumped over the < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > Sprat could eat no fat & the dish ran away with the spoon . 
Have u seen the man with the green eye ? 
I didn't know I was living in toontown :oD 
I have fought a good fight , \ 
I have finished my course , \ 
I kept the faith ..... TYJ 
If ur gonna get in trouble for hittin someone , u might as well hit them hard . :oP 
I'm so bored , I can't wait to go back to school ... missed the fall session , so now I have to wait til Spring :o ( 
On my way .. Prudue School of Science ... can't wait :o ) 
So ready for this day to be over . Feel a chest cold comin on -- not good . 
Well , I guess the fat lady has < PROPFIRST > :o ) 
Wow !! I can't believe I have 2 out of school & 2 in school . Man , how they grow up so fast . Pretty soon , I'm not gonna know what to do with myself . TYJ 
Today is gonna be a WONDERFUL day !!!! TYJ 
Are we there yet ? 
Are we to love only those who deserve our love ? Ye have heard that it hath been said , Thou shalt love thy neighbour , and hate thine enemy . But I say unto you , Love your enemies , bless them that curse you , do good to them that hate you , and pray for them which despitefully use you , and persecute you ; that ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > 5:43 -45 
Ok , WAYYYYY to early .. it's gonna be a long year . 
Let men tremble to win the hand of woman , unless they win along with it the utmost passion of her heart ! Else it may be their miserable fortune , when some mightier touch than their own may have awakened all her sensibilities , to be reproached even for the calm content , the marble image of happiness , which they will have imposed upon her as the warm reality . 
The time is always right to do what is right -- MLK 
Friday the 13th ... today is my day , if it wasn't for bad luck I wouldn't have any luck at all :oP 
Self-discipline is a form of freedom . Freedom from laziness and lethargy , freedom from the expectations and demands of others , freedom from weakness and fear—and doubt . Self-discipline allows a person to feel his individuality , his inner strength , his talent . He is master of , rather than a slave to , his thoughts and emotions 
Patient & Self-discipline ... I have alot of work ahead of me . God is on my side .... TYJ 
Working hard or hardly working .... you decide :OP 
4 more hours .... Really ? 
My son said he can use some blue white-out ... Can someone please tell me ... where in the HELL do you get blue white-out ????? 
Count your blessings , cut your losses & follow the yellow brick road ..... 
Home is knowing - knowing your heart , knowing your mind & knowing your courage .... If you know yourself you're always home . 
long day the next 3 days , running on fumes ... Wonder Twin powers active !!!! :oP 
Is this it ? There has to be more , I don't understand ... 
Here I go again , hold on it's gonna be a bumpy ride ... 
The man who has no imagination has no wings . 
I'm pissed & I'm gonna snap .... he's gonna make me kill'em!!!!!!!! 
They say that anger is just love disappointed ... They say that love is just a state of mind ... but all this fighting over who will be anointed ... How can people be so blind ?? 
FINALLY !!!!! It's Friday , took it long enough . :oD 
I'm not the foolish girl u use to know , so long ago ; I'm stronger now & I've learned from my mistakes which way to go - and I should know ... I put myself aside to do it ur way , but now I need to do it all alone & I'm not afraid to try ot on my own ; I don't care if I'm right or wrong , I'll live my life the way I feel & no matter what I'll keep it real u know -- Time for me to do it on my own 
Don't let someone become your everything , because when they're gone you have nothing ! 
Thanks everyone for all the b-day wishes 
Happy Birthday to me !!!! I THE greatest weekend ever !!!! 
I think I need some time to myself 
Trying to find true love is like trying to find a needle in a haystack .... It just ain't there ! 
Never long for anyone from the past ... There is a reason why they never made it to your future . 
Beautiful day , wish I was home . 
Drama ? Really ? Way to freakin early !!! 
When two souls , that have shed their loneliness , embrace and melt into one ; from out of loneliness , love is born . 
You can always get someone to love you - even if you have to do it yourself . 
A piece of advice for the ones who don't know ... Never tell an emotional woman she is being emotional ! 
One day all my dreams WILL come true . TYJ 
“Disappointment to a < PROPMALE > soul is what cold water is to burning metal ; it strengthens , tempers , intensifies , but never destroys it . ” 
Please remove the micrscopes & give me a normal life . 
I feel a < PROPMALE > change coming on ... Not sure if it for the good or the bad ... 
“I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind . Some come from ahead and some come from behind . But I've bought a big bat . I'm all ready you see . Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me ! ” 
After the day I had , now I see why ET wanted to phone home & frankly I don't blame him ! You earthlings are crazy !!! 
Never go to bed mad . \ 
Stay up and fight . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Diller- 
I used to have a handle on life , but it broke . 
YAAAA !!! I GET TO GO HOME !!!! HAPPY TURKEY DAY !!!!! 
Before you insult a man , walk a mile in his shoes . That way , when you insult him , you'll be a mile away , and have his shoes . 
It's simple when it's right ...... 
Due to recent cutbacks and until further notice , the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off . Goodnight folks 
uh oh I have I lost my mind ... wait a minute , I got it .... dang I lost it .... hold on , wait .... I got it , nope that's not it ...... wait I think ..... no that's not it either .... Hey have you seen my ...... never mind 
WANTED : 1 HEART ... SOLID , STRONG & TRUST WORTHY . REWARD : 1 HEART ... SOLID , STRONG & TRUST WORTHY . 
Once upon at time in a land far away lived a < PROPFEMALE > , who lived happily ever after the end . 
Mom .. Rule #1 never leave ur FB unattended or things like this will happen :) iLy ? your an AWSOME Mom !! x0x0x0x - < PROPFEMALE > - 
If you could read my mind , would you like what you read ... If you could see my dreams , would you like what you saw .... 
If you're alone , I'll be your shadow . If you want to cry , I'll be your shoulder . If you want a hug , I'll be your pillow . If you need to be happy , I'll be your smile . But anytime you need a friend , I'll just be me . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB til Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Come people lets keep our future alive !!!! 
Between two evils , I always pick the one I never tried before . 
I am once , twice , three times the lady & I love it . :) 
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one . 
Too much of a good thing can be wonderful . 
I want a Jabber-baby-wocky 
I really could use a wish right now .... 
By perseverance the snail reached the ark 
Sorry , my brain cells are hibernating , please try back in the spring . 
If you put your cart before the horse your are either going to go backwards or nowhere at all 
you can't build a house if you start with the roof . 
Things are definitely going to change .... They have to !!! 
when u wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
Be patient !!!! Stay Focus !!!! and Have Faith !!!!! 
dis her youngest hackin her < PROPFEMALE > i love < PROPFEMALE > mommy <3 
In this lovely night , I pray to the sweet < PROPFEMALE > to protect me through the night , The wind to blow away my worries and , the twinkle stars to guide me the way , \ 
Sweet dreams and Good Night . 
Payback is a part of healing . 
What is required for effective change is continuity of sincere effort to release and let go of inefficient thought patterns from the past . 
Sometimes I just wonder ..... 
Building a Better Me :o ) 
My boat is sinking & I can’t find the leak . 
Even if you are on the right track , you will get run over if you just sit there . 
Nothing hurts more then waiting since I don't even know what I'm waiting for anymore . 
Don't find love , let love find you . That's why it's called falling in love , because you don't force yourself to fall , you just fall . 
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams . ~ Dr. Seuss 
Put one foot in front of the other & step .... if you fall that's ok ..... get up , shake it off & do it again . : 0 ) 
Had a wonderful day . I am on my way to something great ! 
My lesson for the week : Living on the Promise of God .... Learning to wait on God 
So ready for a vacation . I am so tired my insides hurt . 
Ho Hum * sigh * ..... TGIF 
no matter how many times you kiss a frog , it will not turn into a < PROPMALE > ...... 
took my babies shoe shopping , now unwinding getting ready for tomorrow ..... best evening ever !! i 
Every path has its puddles ..... 
How many time do u have to bumped your head , before u realize that it hurts ? 
To acheive the impossible , u must first believe it is possible .... 
Let's stop making mountains out of mole-hills ... it takes too much time & energy . 
When u find out who u r , u will find out what u need .... Dig a little deeper ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > & the Frog 
7 ) If you remain in me , and my words remain in you , you will ask whatever you < PROPFEMALE > , and it will be done for you . ( < PROPFIRST > 15:7 ) 
