more graduation parties -__- 

I'm hungry 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? I pray for the cure of cancer . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one hour ?? 
Bear Grylles in Montana 
so bored -_- 
gotta help people move ... gay 
back from helping ppl move their crap outta thier house 
watchin Ace Ventura : When Nature Calls 
starting college tomorrow 
at college right now 
is gonna try to join parkour 
America : 3.5 million < PROPMALE > of munchies 
is eating a voclano taco , its gonna be a rough night 
no hot chocolate in my house , wtf 
spicy chicken samich 
RAWR 
gonna watch < PROPFIRST > Bourdain later 
is watching way of the dragon 
watching < PROPFIRST > bourdain 
jus finished Mirrors Edge 
I like how mcc only plays the most gay music they can find in the food court 
wow sweet now mcc is playing < PROPFEMALE > spears .... wtf 
EXTREME OFFICE PARKOURER 
Paper due tomorrow arrrg 
I'm not a thief , i'm a treasure < PROPMALE > 
frosted flakes for lunch 
sociology ended early today do to a large amount of FAIL lodged in the projector 
finally finished my paper 
yay winter break 
Fooly Cooly 
bored 
Bear Grylls tomorrow 
can ppl stop pasting spam messages on everything 
jus got back from teh movies 
got to go to cousin's house 
homework's gay 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > once round-house kicked a horse in the < PROPFEMALE > . Its decendants are known today as Giraffes . 
school 9- 4:00 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > will eat beef jerky crap a bullet to kill a cow and eat more beef jerky . This is known as the circle of life . 
wants to take a nap 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can whistle in 4 different languages 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > can believe it's not butter 
sweet more spam 
heavy rain is like playing a movie 
heavy rain is a messed up game 
I found a dollar on the ground , gave to the girl I thought it belonged to and she was unhappy to see her poor lost dollar returned to her . Who gets angry at free money ... WTF 
Kashi cereal tastes like puke 
soooooooooooo tiirrreeeddd ...... but I still have 2 freakin hours left 
worst day at school of my life 
i'm preparing a long awaited slothing on my couch 
don't you love it when your facebook < PROPFEMALE > suddenly decides it's doing to load up all screwed up 
finally able to get back on 
way to stay open mcc 
Imma gonna work at Disneyland 
gonna go get some food .... be back in maybe 15 minutes if the mob isn't too big 
sociology at 12 
salad with eggs in it 
sociology .... gay 
is getting into some puddin 
< PROPFIRST > Bourdain Ecuador tonight 
needs to finish an essay by 11:59 
just got a random e-mail from mcc for a student bill ... for like the 3rd time 
finished meh paper just in time 
EPIC BEARD MAN 
jus made a mexican breakfast taco thing and it was soooooooo good 
is trying to teach himself italian 
will always < PROPFEMALE > fan of the Pillows even though some ppl think they are not that good 
reading the blogs on yahoo news is one of the funniest things i've seen 
why do ppl not know how to walk in the hallways 
my cat just effed up my computer 
just owned some ppl in my sociology class 
essays suck 
watchin < PROPFIRST > Bond 
just watched The Departed 
does anyone know how to find good monologues 
is going on autopilot for today 
gettin FF13 tommorow 
school finally ended 
hate you computer battery 
< PROPFIRST > Bourdain : Obssesion Special 
spicy ramen um num num 
playin ff13 right now 
might be doing an internship at Disney in the fall 
imma work at disney land 
is watching commercials 
online interview for disney took foreeeevvveeeerrrr 
nice day , too bad I get to spend it in the bank 
3 and a half hour straight class , sweet thursday 
bipolar weather 
who's going to the saint patricks day parade 
sand boarding looks awesome 
saint < PROPFIRST>'s day parade saturday 
finally home 
yes man was a great movie 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Parade was pretty good I guess 
is out of easy cheese T-T 
makin muh foodz 
My Mom got interviewed for Democrat and Chronicle on St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day , out of all the questions they asked they just made up a gay line to qoute . 
anyone know if there are any job openings in < PROPFEMALE > . 
boreddd , haircut later , nothing else 
chán , m ? t m ? i 
a guy from my acting class jus did an improv as a guy who was just like < PROPMALE > from office space 
gotta love the soup here at mcc , the cooks really put their all into making it ... believe me I'm still pickin it outta my teeth 
hungry 
3 hour class , day sucks already 
why do ppl sing in the hallways ? 
had to watch \Singing in the Rain\ " today in class " 
who wants to try out for the fan vs wild challenge 
seafood bisque .. om nom 
just played an intense game jeopardy in sociology 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond : If you know me well , you know that I am ____________ , I love_____________ , and I cant stand________________ . 
eatin hobnobs , weekend finally 
never eat instant curry .... huge mistake 
everybody's bored 
FF13 is awesome 
who watched Life on the Discovery Channel last night ? 
MCC plays the ren and stimpy song in the cafeteria 
alittle PO'd 
hasn't had dinner yet ?! ohhhhhh nooooeeesss !!!!! 
muh sociology es canceled !? 
AAAARRRGGGHHH 
sooooooo booorred 
argh battery gonna die and I still have 45 minutes to wait 
mantracker 
whats the point of a take home test 
watched the < PROPFEMALE > Brothers 
playin \Way of the Samurai 3 \"" 
god of war 3 , posiedon owns 
eww smoker voice 
boring sunday ? yup 
gotta due another monologue project ... when I could be doing nothing 
imma watch movie now 
just had an old guy sitting at the table at lunch 
sociology ... yipee -_- 
just remembered < PROPFIRST > Bourdain tonight 
32 < PROPFEMALE > . of battery , 3 < PROPFEMALE > . later ... 20 < PROPFEMALE > . of battery left , senk you math 
home , gonna watch some < PROPFIRST > Bourdain tonight 
way of the samurai 3 has too many endings 
showa , sleep maybe , waste time in college tommorow 
Who turned off the sun ?..... Kratos did . 
soooooooooooooooo tired , gotta go to college , not gunna be home till prolly 6 , def sleeping when i get home 
acting class goo canceled still way freakin tired 
thanx for the gay music mcc and for the d-bags(that can't sing ) singing along , for this we thank you mcc 
surviving on half lemonade half iced thing at the moment 
I like how the day drags on when i'm at mcc -_- 
wow school really dragged on today 
My teachers for my movies class tried to pull an april fools joke and he really got quite a few people . 
gay manditory meeting for gay disney at gay 12 gaaaayyy 
watched Casablanca in movies class todayyyy 
guess who knows how LOST will end 
home , putting fat pantz on immediately 
EASTER PARTY 
chocolate ... GATOR !? WTF !? 
( yawn ) 
this day is right proper boring 
did absolutely nothing in acting class 2day 
is going to get a cat and name it Slawthgraw 
became a fan of not becoming a fan of pages that make you do a survey 
the internet tried to verify that i'm human 
Bon fires originally came from padinism when ppl cremated bones-history class 
hooooooooommmmmmmmmmeeeeeeee 
good evening boredom 
watchin < PROPFIRST > Bourdain 
no school tuesdays yeah 
just ; oked himself in the eye while rubbing it 
we haven't had a good lightning storm in a while 
memerizing muh monologues 
so I guess my dog waits in her box for me to get out of the shower 
argh still memorizing my monologue 
cut muh finger on some broken glass 
more rain 
imma shower n ' bed prolly 
finally friday .... still have to get through school in the morning though 
finally did muh monolgue today 
Imma need suggestions for an epic song for a project in muh acting class , it's just performing to a song no talking ^U^ 
home now and friday decided to show up finally 
just watched \Marley and Me \"" 
twitter , facebook and linkedin 
nice tweets 
got bad company 2 and it won't een work ... amazing 
there are some angry ppl on LinkedIn 
watchin Hot Rod ... stupidest movie ever 
argh homework argh argh 
wedding crashers 
doesn't feel like doin hmwk 
can't freakin wait for spring break 
schoo in a few hours probably should sleep 
gonna be way frigin late cuz someone can't get up 
HOLY TACO ! 
history in a few 
history class = random doodles XP 
I guess there is a paper due on wednesday and I had no idea , looks like i'm takin this thing down tommorow 
researchin time 
Holy Crapsauce . Ton o ' stuff to do still 
< PROPFIRST > bourdain watchin it 
I'm flyin blind on this paper , flyin blind 
gonna give up on my paper for tonight 
workin on paper again yaaaaaay ..... 
got asked what I think of \Anti-intellectualism\ " on my linkedIn account ..... " 
Origin of < PROPFEMALE > Paper - Status : Complete 
watched a bit of Modern Times in sociology 
sweet , free performance day in the cafeteria ...... people singing and doing .... comedy ? 
time for historeh 
finally done with historeh ... only < PROPFIRST > random pix though 
spring break is almost here 
how is it already 10:30 
somebody's got a case of the fear pukes 
is supposed to know all about citizen kane by for tommorow 
class at like 7:00 or something , really don't feel tired though 
cream o ' broccoli om nom 
one more class till a week offfffffffffffffffffffffffffff 
internet explorer cannot display webpage 
comp almost got ambushed by rain 
home finally ..... for an uninterrupted week 
hangin out with some old folks 
homeworkhomeworkhomework 
feels like desimating a loaf of bread 
cool more spam 
bed i guess 
doin muh music/acting performance on wednesday argh 
thy school be boring 
arrrrrrgh there be 1 one more class 
perhaps i will get a cat 
how bout them sabers 
off tomorrow too bad i'm way frigin bored 
generic brand cap'n crunch om nom 
sitting through another day of school hoo'freakin'ray 
can't wait to get home 
I taste orange peel in my strawberry yogurt hmmmmm 
spent most of the school day on break.com 
MCC's playing \Paint it Black\ " finally a song that doesn't suck " 
mi no habla english 
is probably gunna change his < PROPMALE > tmrw 
who has heard of \vital energy \"?" 
don't you hate it when you drop something and it continues to roll halfway across the room 
sociology gay 
got my m , ajor changed 
Wii ?????. 
job hunting ... at 1:18 a.m. 
wtf were's the thunder storm mr. weather man 
kinda hoping for alittle lightning 
sily people 
could go for a snickers 
fight at the rodeo dodo 
feels that 2:42 a.m. chinese food craving 
where's muh chat button 
has a rip in his pantz 
spotted an old lady wearin a sombrero 
time to do some crap 
doin some crap 
still has 3 weeks left argh 
Mrs. allen : \I'm the teacher advisor so i'm going to make the executive decision to cancel the play\ " . \ 
gotta wait longer now to get something finished that could've been done a week ago , don't even feel like adding a sarastic comment . 
just watched the last episode of Cowboy Bebop again 
2 more weeks 
oh funk I stiil need to register for classes 
started alittle tussle in sociology class today with the teacher and some annoying people 
nother paper to do 
watchin < PROPFIRST > Hawking 
7 more days till school'ds finally done 
playin Galaga 
can't get to facebook ... why 
doin some stuff tmrw 
owning some d-bags on COD 
www.nimportequi.com 
not feelin to good , todays going to suck ... if I make it through that is 
doesn't have all day 
no COD I will not tone it down 
has to wait three hours in the food court for a final at 2:00 ... great -____- 
history done 
MAG sucks 
just finished a final in 10 < PROPFEMALE > 
just wants to go home and sleep but nooo I can't do that 
so tired 
paperspaperspapers why so many papers 
why must I be sick during the last week 
downloaded FF7 off the PSnetwork .... only took 3 days to finish downloading . No that is not an exaggeration . 
1 more class and i'm done for the summer 
WTF 
SCHOOLZ DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONE ..... for now 
still sick 
playin Call O ' Doodie for a bit 
good evening drama 
played the original Crash Bandicoot for 2 hours 
mega cold water never tasted so goood 
is american idol ever going to stop ruining my telly ? 
Thank You everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday XD ... I want to thank you better but I can't think of anything else to write o . 0 Thank You everyone ! 
watchin Avatar 
Avatar was pretty epic 
hmmmmmmmm ..... 
so hot 
got Read Ded Redemption today , first mission ... shoot rabbits ? 
prolly gonna go bounty hunting for a bit 
big yawn 
can't find a job anywhere 
gotta go to muh gramma's house till wednesday 
Lobo 
gettin a cat 
feels sick 
cheezits 
anyone want a free kitteh ? 
cleanin < PROPMALE>'s room was effin disgusting 
got my new kitteh today 
black ops looks pretty sweet 
E3 
seabreeze soon 
got back from seabreeze which was sweet , went to Vic & Irv's and ordered some regret and got extra fistfulls of salt 
it's way too hot to anyone who says it's a nice day out 
job hunting 
it's raining suddenly , hope it lasts 
new < PROPFIRST > Bourdain : No Reservations , July 5th , must watch 
why does < PROPFIRST > Bond get beat up in every movie 
a Smurfs movie is coming out in 2011 , why 
still job hunting 
mcc's financial aid is such a pain 
Bipolar Bear mauls enemies with low HP 
hair coot soon 
got some fat cucumbers from the garden 
there's a new show on Animal Planet called \Animal Hoarding\ " WTF !? " 
fought 4 on 1 in Red Dead multiplayer , me being the 1 , I think I made some enemies\ 
this day haha 
decided to finish registering for classes today 
new headphones ! 
I love lightning 
back yard is flooded 
apes 
goin to the thing down at the place . 
the public market , loud , hot , 10,000 different smells , and people watching 
saw dispicable me 
frigin hates mosquitos 
why can we only get water when we have money to pay for it ? 
Did Microsoft purposely put something in there 360's that destroys disks or was it an accident 
my internet just failed 
got a celluralized telephone finally 
Deus Ex looks coooool 
doin yard work with no shirt on 
needs better ringtones 
Dutch Coco cookies are the best cookies in the universe 
how does the rest of humanity get up this early 
going camping in what looks to be a hotel , < PROPMALE > ppl 
just got back from camping awhile ago 
so humid it feels like i'm trying to breath through soup 
new ninja warrior ! 
no one could get past stage 3 
< PROPMALE>'s phone froze , had to take the battery out to reboot it , only had it for like 3 days 
it's 4:06 
not being able to find my H pencil makes me want to fight an ape 
still can't believe how impossible stage 3 was 
supposed to be 100 degrees in florida next week , that sucks 
Children with special needs don't have an illness so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this , but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need that little extra help and understanding . 
packing 
florida tommorow 
they sell Playboy in the airport bookstore 
waiting in the < PROPMALE > airport listening to their midevil minstrel music 
9000 degrees and 1000% humidity in < PROPMALE > right now 
sun's so bright i'm gonna be sportin a beast farmers tan in like 8 minutes 
bought \Bruce Lee : Ultimate Edition\ " hell yes " 
carribean food is delicious 
out of our hotel 
hangin out in the space center tommorow 
spooted a red ant that was almost the size of my thumb , sleeping is just going to be a frigin treat tonight 
\meru meru\ " - Ponygon " 
i'm sweatin like a hooker in church 
got up at 5:30 so I could wait 2 hours for a plane to mosey on in 
I feel the need to laugh at times magazine 
finally off that 3 day plane ride 
gonna watch my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Ultimate Collection 
taken down gangs of 8 by myself in Read Dead Redemption 
my phone just lost all network connection 
motorized rollerblades would be sweet 
got a new computer 
(* 3 *) 
storm rollin in YAY ! 
Bought school stuff , threw chirping bird toy so the cat could ammuse herself , rescued a retarded baby squirrel from the clutches of doom , brought sweet justice on a bowl of cap'n crunch and made sure my capitalization was correct all before 3:12 pm . 
startin school tomorrow argh 
late for money manangement class and they won't let u in if ur late 
downloading guitar pro 6 for guitar class 
waiting 
Japanese class tomorrow , one class I may enjoy 
building 9 at mcc isn't creepy at all 
holy crap this boring 
damn u MCC and your little midget desks 
i like how the day makes a point to drag on as long as possible 
japanese class was sweet , contained mostly otakus and martial arts fans 
hey new Bear Grylls episodes 
trial version of photoshop is going to take 13 hours 
\your guilty till proven innocent\ " - Uncle < PROPMALE > " 
had some fierce discussion over at Uncle < PROPMALE>'s and Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s till 12 
does anyone want 2 little maine coon kittens ? they're free ! 
FREE . KITTEN . WHO . WANTS . ONE or two ? 
kitten kitten kitten who wants kitten ? 
FREE MAINE COON KITTENS , I will repost this every 15 minutes 
guess what , it's been 15 , KITTEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNSSSSS , who wants one 
FREE CATS 
skipped the whole day cuz I felt like crap 
every time I remember hat I don't have to go anywhere tomorrow my day is made 
the pedobear has been deemed a threat by the government 
wabnts to join the capoeira group but of course I have a class in the way 
Go-shusshin wa doko desu < PROPFEMALE > . answer without google 
Japanese Teacher finds it necessary to give us an insane amount of homework 
I am feeling a bit famished if I do say so myself 
disney's security really sucks 
class in 12 hours , should be starting my homework now 
watchin Ninja Warrior 
gotta a hair coot 
leftover chinese food 
No . 
I like when you ask someone a question they respond by saying your being a < PROPMALE > . MCC is overrun with dumbasses 
finally home , took forever even though it was only 4 hours , I imagine stupid ppl who try to tell me i'm being a < PROPMALE > for not being a dipshit . I terribly sorry sir dipshit 
kinda wanna see this \Outsourced\ " show " 
japanese class at ni-ji 
watchin < PROPMALE > Ferguson and goin to sleep 
feels like crap cuz I got everybody's cold yay classes should be so much more fun now -_- 
just nailed my knee on a hard corner for like the 15th time in the past 2 days 
a show on the health channel about robot fetishism , don't try to tell me you wouldn't feel compelled to atleast look at it 
doctors office taking all my yummy blood 
the fools in < PROPMALE>'s apartment in Disney tried(but failed ) to trick him into eating \special\ " brownies and then they resumed their beer drinking and raping parties " 
watched some little kids rip the limbs off a pinata 
has to write a 4 < PROPFEMALE > paper for tomorrow X [] 
es anyone else ever just eat the chocolate off a 3 museteers leaving the stuff in the middle and eating that by itself 
got a printer/scanner/faxing machine/toaster yaaaaay ! 
I froze a 3 musketeers and it's delicious but damn near impossible to eat 
is freakin starving 
my right hand has scars and scratches all over it thanks to the little < PROPFEMALE > 
Snuffery just made smores in the microwave cuz he's hungry 
watched Bleach : The Daimond Dust Rebellion , watchin Tosh . o now , I wonder if I have homework 
< PROPMALE > ferguson at 12:35 
got let out from English almost as soon as it started cuz the substitute gave us work and said go wherever you want and bring it back next class 
T.V. died 
T.V. came back from the brink of death 
english class informal class today = no class today 
it's cold outside but hot and stuffy as hell in MCC wtf 
got some stuff to start making my mask 
did homework earlier , doin homework now , doin homework later 
my homework tells me the first foriegn guy to win th British Open was a guy from Rochester , NY . < PROPFIRST > Hagen won in 1922 . 
The air tastes like winter 
whats up with everyone telling the world where they like it ? 
pulled a Bear Grylles today , had to survive on skittles and willpower alone 
makin high ppl believe that they're not alive is funny 
can't figure out how to make a photo less than 15 KB 
somw little kids lookin in my window , probably wants to sell me stuff 
goin to the Bills game but I forgot my music for the ride there TnT 
tailgating at the bills game was cool , only saw four people get takin out of the stadium and one fight between two blondes 
has a sordid amount of Japanese homework 
ok 
why do schools get off for < PROPMALE > day but MCC is still open 
\Tell it to my ass cuz he's the only one who gives a crap\ " - < PROPFIRST > Griffin using one of Mr. Pewterschidt's lines " 
\What is to give light must endure the burning\ " - my fortune cookie " 
just finished a paper on golf 
just saw the social network now it's a 40 minute wait for hibachi 
hot chocolate is nomtastic 
has a cold , a paper to write and not much time to do it . What could be better I hear you ask ? 
Had Butternut Squash Soup with a sour cream and condensed apple cider mixture on top sprinkled with a generous amount of chives . 
can't believe I survivrd through english 
another paper . finish by 11:59 . today . >:[ ] 
is sick of being sick 
I think i'm getting a 6 pack from coughing all the time 
you know whats fun ? ridiculously persistent headaches 
... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Japanese midterm on wednesday STUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDYSTUDY 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I\ 
know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my \ 
friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , for at least\ 
an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still \ 
... fighting it .... KEEP FIGHTING . stay strong frumpa ? 
a deer just hauled ass through my yard 
midterm in 2 hours 
back hurts wth thanks mcc for making me < PROPFEMALE > 80 pounds of wasting my time every other day 
why are there so many stupid murder shows on tv ? 
put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real & should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , because they don't know how to copy and paste . 
carving a pumpkin , probably goin to be up past 12 ... carving the same pumpkin 
finished carving a work of < PROPMALE > out of our dear friend the pumpkin 
political commercials are so stupid it's \unnnbelievable \"" 
youtube the < PROPMALE > Brown Band 
11-01-2010 -Never Forget\ 
Mom , you will live on inside us all . \ 
It only gets harder as it feels more real . 
Thank you everyone for your thoughts and prayers for our family 
< PROPFEMALE>'s lasagna was delicious 
x box loves itself too much 
has aquired Black Ops 
3 hours in a hospital 6:30 am now Fun Fun OK 
mcc website is a gigantic piece 
saw Skyline , and went to Lucky Garden which is the greatest chinese place i've ever eaten at 
I wonder what would happen if someone made a bacteria that could basically eat plastic 
Dude that sat next to me in english smelled like cheap ass beer 
there's a possibility I may be working at Moe's 
dealing with mcc's horse shit for another time 
no fap zone 
Social Security people can eat a fat one 
anyone hear about North Korea ? 
people watchin 
wants to punch the physical embodiment of heart burn in the face 
dinner = leftover turkey and semi-solid gravy n_n 
is that snow ? 
hot chocolate , freezing ass wind and a pretty pretty sunrise 
from extensive information gathering iv'e come to find that there is a < PROPFIRST > Bieber movie , 3d no less 
emglish was fairly interesting today 
ugh 
suppose I should start wotkin on that paper due tomorrow 
My cat steps on the keyboard and always turns caret browsing on , wtf is caret browsing 
this day marks 1 month 
really really don't feel llike going to school today 
glad the snow finally showed up 
My friend from japanese class let me borrow her Advent Children dvd . word 
register attacked the back of my leg , first that it actually < PROPFIRST > blood 
4 other people in my English class have had similar tragedies recently , it's only a class of 21 
not paying attention in class has made me quite famished 
OMFG i'm hungry 
home made taco burger is sittin pretty 
Moust ? che 
I have the worst < PROPFIRST > frigin horse in my leg 
studying for my japanese final for the rest of my life 
TFGIF 
people who think they have so much power who become jaded and think they're better than everyone else and destroy anyone who crosses them and they're whole family , specifically in government and business , annoy the piss out of me 
preparing for a presentation all day , geh 
the only thing keeping me sane through the monotonous process of organizing a presentation is a redemption song 
got a one hit K.O. on my final presentation 
I like my worn out ripped bottom pants that I didn't buy like that 
feels an extreme amount of blah 
so I feel like crap already and now I can hear heartburn knockin on my door 
called carrabas to check my application status and the person kept insisting I wanted a reservation 
got some chicken nood soup 
3 days of school left , plz hurry the hell up 
studying for japanese final , won't exist again till next thursday 
prodigies ? 
frigin Zeus 
have to do more job hunting 
cut a hotdog down the middle and put cheese in it , put it in a tupperware thing and covered it half way and nuked it . that turned out to steam melt the cheese and finish cooking the hotdog = simple and delicious 
my room is clean 
i hate commercials 
nom nom'd a fudge bowl to death whilst my cat and dog watched because where all fatasses , too bad they can't eat chocolate 
clouds bein gay blockin the eclipse 
downloading some music cuz my computers library is much too spacious 
japanese final accomplished and was as mind snappingly ridiculous as expected 
I see a pattern forming 
a satisfying diet drink is infact a myth 
I had to finish the lemon and orange cookies cuz somebody didn't quite have the cooridination to do it , lemon cookies came alright even we ran out of < PROPFEMALE > , orange cookies didn't and were slowly devoured by the man with the munchies . 
decorating some ????? stuff 
wow i feel sick , probably from all the food i ate yesterday and today 
now I feel a bit better , just had to remove alittle extra food 
must have eatin something bad cuz i'm hanging out in the bathroom for a few hours , maybe an anti-nausea pill will help 
tablet is Sweet enough Said . 
still feels rather blah 
feeling alittle better , still achy though 
Iv'e been listening to The Beatles alot lately 
cat looks like a drowned rat right now 
who still says bro ? 
old people party yay -_- 
no youuuuuuuuuuuuuu !!!!! 
gonna head over to Moe's to see if I can make the moneys cuz I don't have no moneys 
still jobless , tryin again tomorrow 
V8 juice is one of the sickest things to spill on yourself 
everybody in my house is frigin sleeping 
I killed my keyboard today so now I get to take 80 minutes to write with the on screen keyboard woopdeedoo 
my computer is pretty well dead , I can't even use it cuz the screen freezes up constantly and this has been happening even before I spilled lemonade on the keyboard . I'm sure I won't be able to do anything with the warranty with my luck . Now I have to use < PROPMALE>'s computer ( my old computer ) 
I'm glad the deer were so understanding for me earlier while I was driving 
computer works again , letters are still alittle messed up the only loss was my C button 
making orange chicken at 9:00 yay ? 
provably takin someone to the hospital today 
been at the hospital since like 4 or something and it's not lookin like i'm leaving anytime soon 
4:00 to 11:00 at the hospital , basically on a date with my aunt while in the hospital , wooboodoodeedoo 
hoepfully thays the last time I have to spend a day in a hospital waiting room and the psych area with some crazies no less 
kfeyffboard is giving me lip afgain as fyfou an probably seeff 
I think I might try practicing my guitar again 
using my old computer again , the other one shit the bed . i turned it off and then tried to turn it back on , it booted normally then started making this awful earsplitting beeping noise so i turned it off and back on then it tried to repair itself then screamed the beeping noise again so I think i'm gonna take to bestbuy to have it shit canned . 
school starts back up in 3 days , that was quick 
does anyone know how to disable the main computer keyboard ? 
first day of classes was today , taking Spanish which will lead to Italian which will then lead to French and some other languages after that 
my spanish book cost $200.00 
gonna be an expensive semester , I hope the professors don't have a problem with me not having a book or whatever else they want to buy for a week or two 
momday wednesday friday classes are fun , Taekwondo and then Spanish . Taekwondo proves how out of shape I am but atleast I didn't have to step out like some other ppl of similar out of shapeness . The kiai's from taekwondo made my voice all raspy so I sounded like < PROPFIRST > Banderas . 
two long ass classes today 
I have never once had a case of bed head as bad as I do today 
prosthetic arms are a pain in the ass to draw 
I hear a pile of wood callin my name 
why do you need a password to get into your voicemail 
woke to this morning to find captain crunch berries on my fridge , todays going to be a good day 
internet works again 
I need to get a haircut 
got my haircut 
wearing glasses to an interiew or not , which one do you think would be better ? 
just had pulled pork ... now I feel really faaaaat 
New < PROPFIRST > Bourdain Feb . 28th , finally 
holy shit some people are ridiculously stupid 
you know whats fun ... making up three weeks of spanish homework 
gonna try to trade in my computer today 
Sanctum was a great movie , more than bittersweet knowing it was based on a true story though 
managed to injure myself playiing air hockey yesterday 
I feel like watchin samurai champloo again 
deadspace 2 with surround sound and cranked up bass ... and no lights 
first sabers game iv'e been to in a long time and it turns out it was the first game with the new owner . 4-1 Sabers not bad . Gonna drop < PROPMALE > off at a gay bar on the way home 
anyone watchin the shuttle launch 
horoscopes are such a joke 
< PROPMALE > got his head shaved lololololololololololololololololololololololololololololol 
why is it necessary for people to find every oppurtunity to try to be as dramatic as possible ? 
elbow still hurts , don't tense it up to hard or it hurt worse . taekwondo will suck tomorrow if this keeps up 
new < PROPFIRST > bourdain finally on today at 9 
i'm going to add negativity in my repertoire of characterics for future career searches 
downloaded some more Pillows songs 
playin bullet storm 
poor < PROPFEMALE > has stitches now 
to the scriptwriting team that wrote Bulletstorm , I salute you 
gave the dog a bath cuz she rolled in somethin foul , atleast she's all poofy now 
can't figure out how to start my paper 
paper is done 
blockbuster's having a close out sale , got that one < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > DVD I was missing 
watched the un-edited version of \Enter the Dragon \"" 
one side of right hand swelled up a wee bit from board breaking 
got a phone call from wegmans today , maybe 3 years of job hunting is finally starting to pay off ... maybe 
8.9 earthquake hit Japan yesterday , tsunami tore through the coast , about 20 aftershocks , nuclear emergency ...... dude ... holy shit 
ppl need to learn to cover their frigin mouths , I don't like to recieve gifts consisting of cough , clogged nose and general pissed offness cuz i'm sick 
carrabas calls at 10 pm to set up an interview , way to be random 
1000 bodies washed up on the coast of Miyagi prefecture , unbelievable 
Recruiters callin me again , its been awhile I was beginning to think I was free , how dare I 
radiation levels are rising , radiation detected as far as tokyo , an explosion at the no . 4 unit of the plant sending radiation into the atmosphere in doses equal to 4,000 x-rays an hour . 2,400 bodies have been recovered , thousands still to be found . I've never seen a country in deeper shit than this 
< PROPFEMALE > guys came to my house to try to get me to join , I don't even remember thinking I wanted to join the < PROPFEMALE > s . pushy pushy pushy 
no workout in taekwondo today , I should start doin a < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > workout i'm sure there's a million workouts on the internet calling themselves \The < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Workout \"" 
I have two meetings to go to , sense when do I have meetings ? 
got the disney internship thing goin 
I have a fat < PROPMALE > for school this semester cuz I only got part of my financial < PROPFEMALE > for some reason 
got the phone interview set up , hopefully the reception is good this time 
three interviews next week , another year of no job I think ( hope ) not 
woke up with a headache , that's always fun 
Two interviews tomorrow yipee 
interviews went well , now I am very hungry 
doin some pretty kicks in taekwondo 
the < PROPFEMALE > rule - \Who ever has the gold makes the rules\ " - some guy on t.v. " 
just watched a samurai cut a beebee in half out of the air with a katana , badass 
spanish homework 
read an article that stereotypes us mericans somethin fierce 
i'm missing to many taekwondo classes , gotta stop missing taekwondo classes @$#%& *@$#%~* +%$# ' n stuff 
feels like I ate a sack a quarters 
I feel a need to play the new pokemon game 
I require PIGGIIIIIES 
go to walk my fat dog cuz the weather decided not to suck today , of course everyone else has the same idea apparently , makes me feel so unoriginal . more dogs only meant my dog had to sniff everything with a touch hole 
alittle nippy outside 
8 hours herding younglings 
does anyone know of any Aikido places around chili/rochester that are good ? 
peanut butter cookie with m&m's , white chocolate . nomtastic 
joints in my hips keep hurting when I do a split argh that's annoying , I can't even get a good stretch from it 
\Your Highness\ " was a funny ass movie " 
cookin food n ' blastin \The Pillows\ " at the same time " 
finally a thunder storm 
backyards flooded 
it's almost 3 in morning and I got jellybeans 
gerblharrr headache 
sweaty , smell like a horses ass 
BECK makes me want to learn guitar again 
there's way too many weight loss commercials 
ninja warrior marathon 
everyone seems so happy that Bin Laden is dead but how many ppl are thinking about what's going to happen as a result 
i hope my hands aren't too small to play guitar , i sure as hell am not buying a mini 
ate the marrow out of a piece of chicken , unsuprisingly it tastes the same 
I feel like teaching myself to read music 
