Little kids and their movies are always good combos :) 

Why the heck is it raining out !!! Isn't it suppose to be winter ? 
Do you suppose i could get a monkey to sing the Taco < PROPFIRST > Song ? 
Smiling is easier to do then frown . So i guess that means people that frown all the time are in some sort of serious workout right ? Man i bet working out all the time really defines your cheekbones ! lol jk jk 
It's Quiet ....... Too Quiet ... 
Sometimes we think more than we should . And other times we think to little . So how do you know how much to think ? 
Friends are the only family that you get to chose . 
~ Life Is A Never Ending Drawing That Has No Eraser ~ 
Don't say you know me unless you can describe my eye color with great detail . 
Someone who knows me can tell me exactly how my eyes look without looking . 
Treat your friends like your finest jewlery . Keep them shining at their best . Remove the grime that comes with life . Keep them forever . And never let them become weak and break them . 
I love the saying walk a mile in their shoes . becuase once you've walked a mile the poor sucker lost thier shoes .... lol 
There will be a day with no more tears , no more pain and no more fears . There will be a day when the burdens of this place will be no more we'll see Jesus face to face . -There Will Be A Day By < PROPFIRST > Camp 
reasearch 8 olympic events , then study for science test , then a meeting , then two poems to write , then i have to clean ........ its gonna be a looooooooooooooooooooong day today ! 
If a strand of cats fur costed $ 10,000 i would be < PROPMALE > in an hour ..... lol 
Always smile even if your heartbroken , becuase you never know who's falling in love with it . 
When im angry i'm the type of person who will turn on my favorite songs and sing as loud as possible with them until i feel better . :) 
Really doesn't want to wake up early to go to a meeting . icky . 
(: I can't help but laugh my head off when I look at my best friends :) 
Me and my besties make a deadly set .... be afraid ... VERY AFRAID !!!!! Of what we are capable of doing ! 
Can't wait to be were its warm !!! ( : Course to get there involves driving 20 hours straight .... icky :( Hope everyone has a great spring break while im away !!! 
Bought a SUPER CUTE PURSE today !!!! Feeling pretty good .. but missing my friends up north terribly !!! Going to < PROPFEMALE > garden tomorrow with gradma then maybe going to panama city on Thursday !!! Yipee !!! 
No Panama beach .... change of plans :( oh well . Going shopping tomorrow and possibly a long needed massage :) it's only the begining of he week and it's already going by to fast ! 
~ Best friends are like stars , even when you can't see them you know they're there ~ 
A picture is worth a thousand words but it takes up 3 times the memory 
Found this in my book , \who needs handsome idiots when we can have kitties ! \"" 
Why is P.O.W. called problem of the week ? i think PAINFULLY ATROCIOUS WORK suites it better !!! 
I'm not scared of doctors , dentists or even most strangers .... yet I still fear of getting my hair cut bad ....... Anyways my hair is FINALLY getting cut on Monday , but what im doing to it im still clueless about . Whats your opinion ? 
Got My Hair Cut !!!! Not Alot But Enough For Me To Feel The Difference !!!! 
~ When Life Starts To Get Hard , Remember That It Will Make You Stronger ~ 
Stolz darauf , Deutscher zu sein , Français , Svenska , Gaeilge , twee soorten < PROPFIRST > de Nederlandse , English , e Português . Have fun figuring out what this means haha ! It wont be easy i can assure you ! 
We are all just a small piece of metal called a link . But together we make a chain of beauty . 
Had an AMAZING time at the National Gaurd Symposium !!!!! Can't wait till next years !!! 
Is having the most awesome week with her bestie < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Hope we can fo horseback riding on Wednesday ........ <3 :D 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE > Websters wedding ! Who's name is now < PROPFEMALE > Rosendahl(sp .? ) Caught the bouquet tonight !!! I also caught one at my brother's wedding last year . Did some awesome swing moves on the dance floor tonight and is ready for a good nights sleep !!!! 
Ok I was at youth fest all day with my llama and my 4-H club . And this dude kept coming back to where I was at ...... he really must of loved the llama's cause ' he spent about 3 hours with them lol ! and no he wasn't a little kid .... he was like 17 lol 
has decided that life had better give her chocolate instead of lemons ! 
I am a bomb technician in disguise .... If you see me running try to keep up !!! ;) 
Enjoys people who make me smile :D 
gaaahhhh . should of got more sleep last night lol ! i don't know why but i woke up an hour before i was suppose to !!!! grrrrr . Alli stole my sleeping ability from me !!! hopefully my day will be a good one though .... 
Who knew that babysitting could be < PROPFEMALE > exhausting ! lol especially when you only have a 3 year old .... whew glad I get to sleep in tomorrow ...... Can't wait to drive to Sumner with Rogo ! :) 
Will be happily eating at her favorite resturant Lucky Dragon !!! Then driving Rogo with another girl to Sumner for a baseball game !!! Highway driving is the best ! Lol 
had a Reeses today .... haven't had them in a long time .... it was good real good lol .... :) 
NO MORE DRIVERS < PROPMALE > HOMEWORK !!!! Now where's that cadbury chocolate that I had been saving ?..... lol 
Don't put things off ... DO IT TODAY ! IT MIGHT BE ILLEGAL TOMORROW ! lol ;) 
is hoping to see the movie < PROPMALE > of Persia sometime this week before it leaves the movie theater . 
Doesn't have to work the week if fair !!!!!! Yah I get a mini vacation ! 
Loves her < PROPFEMALE > Aunt < PROPFEMALE > !!! Everything is clearer to me when I talk to her . 
If I could type a million :D I would right now lol 
Anger and vengence is the root of evil . yet why does vengence make you feel better ? 
Is dissapointed with C . C . ' s fireworks this year .. I should of < PROPFEMALE > to clear lake . Either way I saw them with < PROPFEMALE > Keifer so that made them a little better . Drove all the way to Cedar Falls today and drove around and drove back today after shopping ! I'm feeling pretty good about my Drivers < PROPMALE > class test coming up soon . 
Just got a letter from some dude that has a show on the history channel . It was kinda weird lol . They wanted me to go to a Military Academy in Missouri ! THEIR CRAZY ! I'm proud of what my dads done , but I don't want to serve ..... EVER ! Thank you very much ! 
Has decided that if she doesn't get a Ford Montego that she wants a 2010 Ford Fusion ... lol 
Well went fishing today with my dad out on a private lake in a canoe . My dad had this huge Bluegill and Bass crossbreed that he had reeled in and it was against the canoe and all . and then this HUGE SNAPPING TURTLE that weighed about 15 POUNDS bit the end of my dads fish and almost got my dads hand ! 
Is extremely happy after having a fun day put putting and biking ..... :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
Was gonna go canoeing today .... but it kinda rained . So did some other fun things . Overall I had a pretty AMAZING DAY !!! :D 
Today went really well ! Honeymoon and I had our most successful year together ! We won first place in the Showmanship and Costume Class . We didn't do to well though in Obstacle .... but she's expecting probabally in September so who could blame her .... I was lucky to just get her to do some of them . 
Helped serve 620 people today at my church ! Thank you if you helped out ! :) I'm just glad that I don't have to do that every night . 
Is really tired lol . Went to Iowa City today and saw my sister . :) 
Had a great night ! :D Hope tomorrow is as good as today . 
Motivation is not always very easy to find ..... 
Drove to Ames and back today . Had a great time with my family . Didn't really enjoy the 6 mile road construction on the interstate .... not the most pleasurable thing to deal with lol . 
Had An AMAZING Day !!! :D 
hmmmm ..... To mow the lawn while its hot out in the afternoon or give up sleeping time and do it in the morning when its still cool out ...... such a hard choice ! 
Halfway through my Honors English homework ! 
Is making homemade pizza dough ! :) 
Is having an Amazing day . I would rate today a 50 out of 10 :D 
iPods make it so much easier to drown out the voice of someone you don't want to listen to . :) 
Sigh , why must summer go by so fast ? Also honors english is not gonna be a favorite subject of mine ... I can already tell . 
Sigh . my last day of summer . School is always so Bittersweet you wanna see your friends but you don't want to do the work . 
Gah !!!! someone sent me a birthday card with out signing it or with a return address ! I can't figure out who sent it ! 
Grrrr . my text is messed up on my ipod ! GAH !!!!!!!! This isn't a good thing ! 
One month :) 
Had an amazing day with the people I love .... My FAMILY ! 
would like to thank everyone who told me happy birthday ! :) 
Threw my diabolo 30 ft in the air and caught it today .... feeling pretty accompolished . :) 
has been taken hostage by her bed ... Don't panic , she is in negotiations and hopes to have it resolved in a few hours .... ;) 
LOVED the Freshmen retreat . 
Even if the other side has greener grass it still has to be mowed by someone .... 
Life is a rollar coaster . It's full of twists and turns . Sometimes it goes to fast and sometimes not fast enough , and every once in a while your life gets turned upside down . 
Highly dislikes transitioning to colder seasons .... > ( 
Home sick becuase of Laryngitis . Bleh ...... probally won't go to school tomorrow either . 
Life is just a big blur . if you don't write down what mattered it'll get blurred in with everything else . 
Is not loving her geometry homework .... :/ 
Has never had such a terrible teacher in her life till today . 
Loves the little kids she babysits , they are < PROPFEMALE > cute and sweet . 
Thousands of years ago , cats were worshipped as gods . Cats have never forgotten this . -Anonymous 
GAH ! I had to give my dog not 1 bath today but 2 !!!! Truegreen came and sprayed my lawn and it has an orange color and it got all over my dog when the dew settled !!!! So now I have to mow the lawn tomorrow after school . grrrrr ! I should complain to truegreen about not being safe for pets ! 
Moving my dad's huge computer desk to a different room tomorrow .... this shall be an interesting feat . 
CAN'T WAIT FOR HER < PROPFEMALE > AUNT TO BE HERE !!! ONLY 4 1/2 DAYS ! :D :D :D 
HOLY FRICKEN CANNOLI !!! ITS MOVIE MARATHON NIGHT !!!!! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!! 
Cleaning ..... :/ 
oh how I love overstock.com you can find so many nice things for such a nice price lol 
CAN'T WAIT TILL TOMORROW !!!!! :D :D :D :D :D :D 
Needs to find this so called \remote\ " to life lol . " 
IT'S BROTHER WEEK !..... If you have a brother who has made you laugh , pulledyour hair , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched yousucceed , saw you fall , picked you back up , cheered you on , made youstrong , and you can't do without ; Copy and paste this ! < PROPFIRST > Buehler and < PROPFIRST > Buehler 
MY LLAMA HAD A BABY !!!! :D Don't know what im going to name him yet though .... lol 
Time itself slips like water through your hands . 
Took a 5 hour nap ..... Life is good :) 
I've been dreading today for 2 months now .... It's finally came and it can only get better from here . 
Walking around in my new adorable black shoes for my cousins wedding . Luckily they are extremely comfortable :) 
My chorus concert went really well .... I wish Mr. Michehl was still directing the choir though :/ 
Loves her amazing family ! :) 
Is very excited to see her cousin getting married tomorrow ! Let the party begin ! :D 
Thank goodness my family traveled alot yesterday ! Bad weather in the south and the west ! Went through rain last night too ..... Hopefully I will be sleeping in my bed soon . 
HOME !!! :D 
No power at the highschool ! I think im gonna go take a long wanted nap :D 
Everyperson has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . Iknow 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . 
My cat is scared of BUBBLES !!!! lol like seriously they freak her out .... I always knew she was a strange one . 
My cat just STOLE my twisty tie ! not cool ..... not cool at all ! lol 
Hmmm ..... ebay has < PROPFEMALE > many wonderful things ! lol :) 
bahahahaha I just watched a guy test out the 6 levels of a dog shock colar on his own neck ! 
ugh .... my ipod acted up and had to restart it manually and restore it to its factory settings ! thank goodness i recently synced my ipod up . 
NOO !!!! I lost all my awesome pictures on my ipod ! GAH ! 
after my cat injured my leg by sinking her claws into in order to pull herself up she's sucking up to me by laying on my lap with her head on my hand . its < PROPFEMALE > sweet though ! 
Thinks my Chorus teacher finally found my all time favorite performance song ! Who doesn't love singing in Swahilli about december !? 
You can't look towards the future if your looking into the past . :/ 
Spent my entire afternoon using a \temporary vacume\ " to get leaves out of two lawns !! Defiantly looking forward to my long and hot bath with my stero blaring ! :) " 
Music : the only place were you can lose yourself and find yourself at the same time . 
Finds it hard that some people claim to be \young adults\ " when they infact act like \ " GIANT CHILDREN \"." 
Is so glad that I only have one test that is gonna require brain power tomorrow ... hope my brain won't fry though ! Considering I have 3 more to do the next day ! 
So I got a Flu Shot at noon ... MY ARM IS SO SORE THOUGH ! I would have thought it would have been better by now ..... 
Watch your thoughts ; they become words . Watch your words ; they become actions . Watch your actions ; they become habits . Watch your habits ; they become character . Watch your character ; it becomes your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Mr. < PROPMALE > finally but my final test in !!! 100% !!!! I think i deserve some sort of yummy icecream because of this .... lol 
is gonna see some little cuties tomorrow after school :) can't wait lol . 
Had an awesome night !!! 
It's nice to be important , but its more important to be nice ! 
does anyone know if we have a geometry test/quiz in < PROPMALE > tomorrow ? 
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are so confident while the intelligent are full of doubt . - Bertrand < PROPFIRST > 
Is updating and editing a website .... Then time to catch a flight on air zzzzzz to my bed ! Lol :) 
Loves when her cat curls up in her lap and purrs and falls asleep . 
My brother has my iPod and is changing my status without my permission 
Is having such an exciting day it feels like im on a huge caffine rush that wont end ! 
First my ipod dock starts breaking down ... now my ipods earbuds aren't working right ! Great ...... not really 
Dear Internet connection you have just been made faster ! 
well my internet has finally been worked on so that it works better than it ever has before .... but the internet can't help me think up an awesome jewlery design for a pendent in < PROPMALE > Fundamentals ..... hmmmm 
Question of the Christmas season ...... LED Cool White Pincone Lights or LED Color Lights that are much smaller ? such a hard desicion ... if only they had the warm white out last year when we got the cool white .... 
Life becomes a beautiful and amazing adventure once you find all the beauty that is hidden within its imperfections . 
Has huge cracks in her bottom window due to a stress fracture ... PEACHY ! luckily its double pane glass so only the inside pane is broken ... :/ 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood ! The goal is to not see a human face on Facebook till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse ! Copy & paste this message to your status to invite all your friends to do the same ! 
Just got back from the lady's holiday extravaganza !! Everyone enjoyed my cake ( including the servers lol) ! Also saw the browns family perform , they had my all time favorite Christmas song and some awesome < PROPFEMALE > Celtic music ! Made my day ! :) 
Chorus concert went well ! Still wished Mr. < PROPFEMALE > was directing , but at least he came to our performance ! :) . 
?? Cold are the people , winter of life . We tremble at shadows this cold endless night . Frozen in the snow lie roses sleeping . Sounds that will < PROPFEMALE > the sunrise . Fire of hope is our only warmth . Weary its flame will be dying soon . ?? 
Question of the night ... Space cowboys or < PROPFEMALE > trek ? 
After having one of my iPod earbuds not working for a whole two weeks it is finally working again ! :) 
OMG I JUST REALIZED FACEBOOK GOT RID OF THE STATUS BAR !!!!!! This .... Is ... CHEAP ! grrrr > ] 
For all TUMC goers church and sunday school has < PROPMALE > canceled due to weather . The Christmas play might also be canceled also . Won't know about the play till later tomorrow afternoon 
Lol im gonna probally end up staying up all night watching the jewerly liquidation channel ! Sadly I cannot afford anything on the channel ..... 
Dear cold , go away quickly !!! Hopefully this won't affect my voice tomorrow ... especially since I'm singing a solo 
Where Did My Weekend GO !? 
read 100 pgs in 3 hrs .... now time for me to type up my report 
somedays I wish cats could be vacumed just like furniture and floors ........ 
So far this is the my BEST CHRISTMAS BREAK EVER !!!! :D :D :D 
The Original < PROPMALE > Wonka !!!!!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! Hopes everyone has a good day ! 
According to my brother I just \decapated\ " 1 pound of cheese and its < PROPFEMALE > TERRIBLY cruel ! lol " 
Is having a great Christmas ! Got a new camera ! Which I still need to learn all the functions to . 
Machine guns in my but ! You gotta be kidding me ! ( Astro boy ) 
Just had a < PROPMALE > Cheesecake made by my brother .... So very yummy ! 
So me and my dad got my mom an awesome new dyson ball vacume for households with pets for Christmas this year . I must say my dad and I out did ourselves . Couldn't help but expirement so I tested it out in my living room .... lets just say I'm amazed at how much it picked up . 
is about 85% done with my honors english project .... but im so bored that I can't muster myselft to finish it tonight .... 
My mother has no idea what my dad and I brought back for her ! Hehe at least not yet ! 
picking out 10 topics that interest me is very difficult ..... this isn't good . 
I always look forward to Thursdays , especially when I get to see some of my favorite little kidos . :) 
loves those moments when your brainstorming and your instantly flooded with ideas :) 
My printer ..... Absolutely HATES to Cooperate with ME ! grrrr 
Play the Game :) 
Do not bring doubt upon yourself . For it slowly corrupts your soul . Bring unto you what is good and < PROPFEMALE > it deeply . Learn to rid yourself of the junk that inhibits you to take in all that is good . For it will let wonderful things be brought upon you . 
Finds it quite hillarious how minutes after stepping out of the hair salon that my damp hair froze !!! lol :) 
Music makes looooooooong night better ... always . 
first class ticket on airline Zzzzz coming up ! lol :) 
Is quite upset that CBS cancelled Medium .... at least they attempted to save it from NBC . :( 
had an insane dream that all the snow melted and that it was warm out and my dad was mowing .... lol 
Is loving doing something that matters to me in the community . Just not all the startup work and honors english homework at the same time . 
Motivation is key .... if i'm to get two pages of honors typed tonight .... 
Honors English Consider yourself done ! :) 
Would love to have a two hour late start tomorrow ... 
Loves weekends like this . No homework or obligations , just living life how I want to . 
well school is two hours late tomorrow .... no inservice or early out though . 
honors english :/ bleh 
I left my computer for less than a minute to find out that my chair had been taken by my cat ! Resorting on me sitting on the very edge of my chair ... grrr 
2 more days of chaos ..... 
has wrote 6 pages of honors and still has at least a two pages to do before my project is finished . :/ 
When the going gets rough , use what your ancestors gave you . 
Over 3,000 words on my Honors English Research Project !!! 
HAS FINISHED HER DREADED HONORS ENGLISH PROJECT ! :D 
The best part about my Thursdays : Getting to see the cutest kids ever , and that the day after Thrusday is Friday ! :) 
Back to life works ! Lol my back feels amazing :) 
This < PROPFIRST > season I'm falling back in love with orchids lol . 
Can't wait for her two new orchids to be coming in ! :) 
Is going to be teaching people how to make homemade playdough ..... this shall be interesting . 
Dear weather , your perfect just the way you are right now . Don't change please ! lol 
Lady Gaga's shoulders are pointy !? lol 
Is soooo excited for my orchids to be coming in . Hope they come in by the end of the week , and yes I happen to LOVE orchids ! lol 
Found out that my orchids should be arriving tomorrow . Will be very anxious to see what condition they are in ... hoping both will exceed my current expectations 
Orchids ate finally in ! Happy to say that both look extremely healthy and full of potential . :) 
Nyquil ... Makes me feel all fuzzy inside and dazish lol :D 
Finals ! Hoping I get a good nights sleep ! 
ugh .... stupid internet can't load a full < PROPFEMALE > on the internet . 
to shovel now or later hmm ... I vote later lol 
Got 100% on my geometry final ! :D 
well some how or other the keyboard I am currently using is all messed up when it comes to the number keys ? like the keys above all the letters not the keypad . hmmmm :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( in honor of our military members wherever they may be ) - let's see who gets it and follows the instructions . 
LOVES HER NEW KEYBOARD !!! :) 
Just found this out from my cousin : FYI-While on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . 
It is better to be busy than to be bored ..... yeah we'll go with that lol 
My bros cat for some reason really likes petroleum jelly . Mine wont come close to it ... 
Loves day's like these . 
Is so ADDICTED to the < PROPFIRST > Hood series on Netflicks !!!! 
Thinks she deserves an award for going through all the family pictures and downsizing them for my grandma's digital picture frame birthday present .... it's alot of WORK ! 
has found all the pictures for her grandma's digital picture frame and resized them all ! Spent 5 hours of my day doing this , now where is my award ? lol 
As long as I don't hurt myself on accident , today will be a great day ! 
Unfortunately some days are just better than others , but luckily days don't last forever and new beginnings are always just around the corner . 
Absolutely loved her Chorus lesson ! Got to practice my solo with Mr. Michehl !!! MADE MY ENTIRE DAY ! I miss having him as a chorus teacher , dang those budget cuts that caused him to retire ! 
Smart music ordered for my solo . Hope it comes in quickly . 
Celebrated my grandmothers 94th birthday today . She was really happy we came . Gonna go and see her tomorrow morning them rime to shop at Steinmart ! :) 
Pouring down here in Alabama after almost an 80 degree farenheit day . What a great way to spend the day ! 
How hard could it possibly be to find a nice decently priced orchid pot ? REALLY HARD !!! Haven't been successful yet ! It's quite ridiculous , seriously I've looked all over the Internet and through garden stores and greenhouses . 
Warm < PROPFEMALE > beach tomorrow ! :) 
Loved the beach ... sun loved my where as my skin did not ! Quite if not almost red in some spots . At least the weather was nice . :) 
Gonna make some yummy homemade pie with my awesome aunt . Learning how to make GOOD pie crust and not the mediocre pie crust from FCS . 
A week ago there was snow in my yard . Today there is almost now snow ! :) 
has 6 days till her solo contest ! lots of singing to do this week lol . 
So I leave on vacation for a week and when I get back my cat demands nonstop attention from me . While the other one is royally ticked at me for leaving her and is avoiding me . Well this is nice lol . 
Today I received a very heart warming gift from an old lady whom I've become friends with . Good hearted people still do exist in this world of ours ! :) 
Thinks school should be canceled .... much rather lay I'm bed listening to the storm . 
Grr . Brand new Microphone from smartmusic decided to stop working for me today .... Can't figure out why . I haven't damaged it , it's plugged in correctly too . 
