Kind of annoyed at the fact that there's no snow on the ground . One good thing is that there's supposed to be a snowstorm Tuesday night into Wednesday . Yay ~ 

Really need to get my hair straightened and cut . I will during break , which is good -- my hair's starting to really bug me . > w >;; 
I'm going to try to work on a paper for one of my lit classes , but I'm probably going to put it off until the last minute like always xD 
Freezing , trying to beta a story for a friend , but I'm more focused on warming up . Geez , I need to get something hot to warm me up . 
Be back in a while , going to go and get something to eat for dinner . 
Snuggling under the covers . Just got something to eat and came back .... really cold D= 
> w < Relaxing time , commence . 
Busy day tomorrow , going to watch tv and just chill until I decide to head to bed . 
Just realized that the paper I had no idea of how I was going to start has to be shorter than I thought It had to be . Score ! Going to try to finish it tonight or get close to finishing it so I can edit it tomorrow . 
It's snowing .... a lot . Not going to go out much later , wanting to see where all this snow's going to take us . Probably going to curl up under the covers and watch it come down . 
Liking the fact that even if I do have classes tomorrow , I get out early . > w > 
... I hate the internet here . Can't wait to go home ! 
Snow day ~ 
Freezing in my room , so I'm huddled under the covers trying to get warm 
Moody , sore , irritable ... the whole package . 
My cell decided that not working would be the best thing . Damn it , I like being able to have the thing working , but I can't do a thing until I get it fixed ! 
Got my phone fixed , but I'm still not in the best mood 
Busy day tomorrow , trying to read something for a lit class and it's giving me a headache with how blurry the text is . 
Crap , I have to get a 5-6 < PROPFEMALE > paper finished by Wednesday . I don't really feel like doing it , but I have to . D: Psychological route , here I come . > w > 
English homework .... I'm still procrastinating on my paper too >>; 
Probably getting sick . Don't really feel that well . 
Not in a good mood at all . Trying to find something to distract me and possibly keep me from snapping at someone . Not really working that well though .... 
Meh . Don't feel really well . The flu sucks . 
Aggravated at several things , I'm just glad that my English midterm isn't on the Monday that I go back to classes . Seriously , its completely crazy how my professor was trying to switch things like that ! Giving us not even five days to prepare for a midterm that was supposed to be during midterm week in the first place ! Che , don't get me started on the paper I had to write . Pure torture there . 
Actually somewhat sleepy , finally going to get some sleep in a bit . But before that , I need to rearrange a lot of the pics in several folders on my laptop ! 
Now that I have some < PROPMALE > things under control and fixed for the most part , I'm thinking about transferring to OU in the fall . I just need to have a great finish this semester , and hopefully I can get back to what I really wanted to do , styding to be a nurse ! Hopefully it'll work out and I'll be going to OU in the fall . 
Tired , sick ... blah . Going to crawl under the covers for a while . 
Busy day , going everywhere on campus it seems . After class I'm going to go swimming for a while then head back before the rain starts . Taking a soak in the hot tub before I go back to my dorm too . :P 
Finally the weekend is here ! ~ 
Need to study for my English midterm , work on the take home exam for my French class , then read the rest of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for my British Romanticism class . The rest of the day soulds fun .... 
Easy day tomorrow thankfully , but its still going to be busy . 
Busy , busy , busy . Just want to be watching movies all day , but that has to wait sadly . 
Procrastinating on my Macbeth paper . I have about half of it finished .... maybe I'll finish the rest tomorrow ? Who knows . Depends on a lot of things actually . The biggest one is if I actually feel like working on it . 
Tired .... I just need sleep . 
:o Interesting tidbit . Its dry enough in Michigan that there's a Fire Weather Watch until 21:00 on Friday . Creepy ... maybe we'll have a dry spring/summer and end up like Cali in the really dry years ? Who knows ... 
So much to do . Need to finish a paper for a class tomorrow , then another for next week . Then I have to study for a French test tomorrow and on top of that I need to finish a composition for my French class too . Che , what fun that will be . 
Last week of regular classes . Next week is finals week and I bet I'll be just as busy 
Hey , finals week is next week . Done with school for the summer on Thursday . Thank god for that ! 
Feeling rather blah . Allergies are being a bitch to me , and I'm still pissed about not having that grade for my English 300W class . Wth ? I need to hear back from Oakland too .... 
Ugh , horrid day imo . Pinched nerves everywhere in my shoulders and I'm not in that great of a mood . I'm reminding myself to take more pictures too ... meh . Busy week up ahead . 
Working on several fanfic ideas at the moment . Letting my warped mind go to work . ;) 
Ohay , new pic finally with the glasses I got in February ... let's just say I need a better camera than the one on my cell . xD 
Rawr . Lots of things to do , yet I'm so out of it . Figures . 
Fucking laptop , its dying at random times .... and I still have a hell of a lot I can do . 
Why is it that I always lose interest in social websites like this ? Meh . It might be because they grate on my nerves for some reason . Never saw why people liked them too much . 
Heading to bed , going to enjoy the nice weather by reading outside for a bit later . Hopefully it doesn't get too hot . :) 
It really did get hot outside fast . Almost halfway into Atlas Shrugged , and now its time to work on other things . 
Still so tired . I might just sleep some more while it rains . 
Finally woke up enough so that I don't feel like going back to sleep . 
Can't wait until Wednesday , I want to know if I'm going to be accepted into OU ~ 
Really tired ... probably going to pass out for a while 
Sweet , its storming outside . Pretty < PROPFEMALE > too . 
Wheee , tomorrow's going to be busy . Hopefully it goes well . :) 
I'll find out later in the week if I'm accepted to OU , and I hope I am ~ 
In need of sleep . Really going to be lazy tomorrow . 
Finally heading to bed . If its going to storm , I'm definitely going to be buried under the covers for a while . 
Yay , storms are heading through . Its going to be horribly hot the rest of the week though . 
Going to read for a bit before bed . I really want to be able to travel and see both < PROPFEMALE > and Italy . Maybe someday ? < PROPFEMALE > reve lointain ~ 
Feeling rather blah . its hot outside and there's nothing to do in this damn town . Heh , I have time to work on my scholarship applications and my fanfiction though xD 
Sleep schedule is still fucked up ... hopefully it will even out soon . 
