i think people should give MJ a break he was one of the best muso's of all time !! 

Watchin mates play alone in the dark 4 hehe worst drivers ever ! 
Meetin up with friends from Uni . Go the AUSLAN teehee ;D 
NCIS Rules !!!! 
mMMmmMmM music rules !!! 
What's on your mind ? For everyone who doesnt have me on msn add me !!! mysterious_angel180@hotmail.com :D :D 
relaxin while the bf has band practice 
celebrating coz i finished my essay even if it is 3 days late lol XD 
i love ' go ' its got all the awesome shows that aren't on tv anymore 
did nothin but watch movies today ... 
the weather is awesome hail then shine then rain then more hail :D 
so glad to finish work ! 
watching deathnote on youtube yeah ! 
stargate dvd series woop XD 
Hey guys on Friday the 30th theres going to be a Battle of the bands type thing over at < PROPFEMALE>'s Hotel in Ringwood ... tickets are $12 and there are 6 bands playing if anyone's interested let me know THX its gonna be awesome XD 
heading to auslan to learn some more sign langiage yay :D 
Goin to watch live bands at < PROPFEMALE>'s Hotel in Ringwood on the 30th anyone wanna come ? 
watching Fringe on GO yay 
goddamn stupid end of year asssignments didnt we do well enough through the semester already ?? 
kfc for tea woop ! 
resident evil 2 & 3 on GO god I love that channel :D 
deathnote Misa : I wouldnt dream about a world without Light L : Yes that would be dark HAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Misa is talkin about Light the person :D 
saw ' the invention of lying ' last night pretty good :D 
remembered how quiet it is at night 
saw \Daybreakers\ " today at the cinemas a very good vampire show " 
had fun hangin out with < PROPFEMALE > and her gang tonight hope you had a great birthday :D :D 
watching 4x4 home movies :) 
feels like doing absolutely nothing today what Sundays were made for 
thinks the thunder is getting really loud :S 
is watching pitch black on telly awesome show go riddick :D 
watching alien vs predator2 which side do you choose ?? 
is watching the men's figure skating XD 
just saw Shutter Island it's the best movie with a really clever twist ;P 
haha love those ' improving Vegemite ' ads imagine vegemite lollipops and bubblegum !! :DD 
attending the international pillow fight in the city april 3rd hahaha :D 
just watched predator2 ; pretty action packed !! ;D 
hmmmm wondering what to do now ... 
haha didnt bother with uni today made me much happier :D 
Happy St < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone go the green !! 
la de da de da ..... 
ITS SISTERS WEEK !! If you have a sister who makes your life interesting , fun and is a blessing in your life . A sister who generally makes life worth living by being around . Copy And Paste This As Your Status , to prove how much you love your sister ! 
hmm whats on telly at 3.30 ? 
la de dade da gonna watch some movies ;) 
arrghhh the hoplessness of finding info for essays :S 
watchin \What A Girl Wants\ " so cute :) " 
have to go to uni tomo gahh why cant i just finish stuff when i want to rather than having deadlines .... but then again id probably never do it otherwise :S 
just walked up to Roxburgh College .. wow at the memory flashbacks !! 
i LOVE < PROPMALE > n cheese mmmm heaven :p 
first day at uni :) mmm smell the eagerness ;p 
mwha hahaha i am back online :D ;) 
wants to dye the top layer of her hair purple but tryin to think of colours other than black for the bottom ... suggestions ?? 
mwah haha i have dyed my hair purple !!! Will post pics soon :p 
got her P's today :) 
just watched Cutthroat Island still one of the best movies I have ever seen I love it xD 
is having her lil brother stay with her a couple of days yay gaming fun ;p 
has anyone played project zero ?? awesome horror-survival game xD 
hanging out in Echuca with my bestest cousin hehe :D 
is trying to think up songs for my party suggestions ?? 
goodnight everyone :) 
loves ' Man on Fire ' awesome movie ! 
