I made popcorn but I burneded it :( I will still eat it though .... 

< PROPFIRST>'s cake is not a lie ... but the GATE Room cake possibly is . 
So bored ... reviewing for Euro is boring :( 
Having hiccups for over 6 hours gets annoying . 
Euro makes me feel like defecation . 
I wonder why the brain finds vibrating particles so appealing . 
I LOST THE GAME ! MUAHAHAHAHA ! 
Euro Final Part 1 of 4 tomorrow ... luckly its only the DBQ becuase I haven't studied yet . 
Euro Final part 2 of 4 tomorrow ..... meh 
Euro Final part 3 of 4 on Monday ... also , you just lost The Game . 
I lost the game again ... but I am now a little obsessed with Chopin's Fantaisie Impromptu Opus 66 . If only I learned how to play the piano when I was younger ... it will take me years to be able to learn it . 
7 more days till all my AP testing is done for the year . 
< Enter witty comment about AP testing and The Game here > 
People are so moody recently . AP tests aren't all that bad ... 
AP Euro Exam and Pizza Party tomorrow ! 
Ap Chem Exam will be a pain . 
Done with AP testing for this year .... yay ! Also , the g- 
FPA field trip tomorrow ... ( now spelling error free ) 
FPA field trip was interesting ... only have the World Affairs Council meeting left for this school year . The end of the school year is so depressing , especially with all the seniors leaving . 
thinks that misfortune cookies are more entertaining than fortune cookies . 
Forcing myself to do my English paper a week ahead of time . 
from what I can gather , the band banquet is tonight . 
wonders if anyone has ever thought of using combinations of various notes and chords to make messages when writen on sheet music . 
????????????????????????????? 
doesn't see why some people dislike liberals being in charge . Most of the problems were caused by conservatives . 
World Affairs Council trip was interesting ! 
??????????????????????????????? 
finished reading East of Eden ... very depressing book ( just like The Grapes of Wrath ) . 
attempted to complete Euro project but couldn't bring himself to do it . The Euro project will have to get finished tomorrow . 
No more school !... but I still have so much to do over the summer ... 
Took the ACT ... I hope I did well . If not , there is always next year . 
is selfteaching himself the Honors District Chorus song . It would probably help if he knew how to pronounce Latin and also play in tempo but at least he takes initiative ! 
Works from 1 to 10 tomorrow ... yay ... :( 
is wondering when the Honors Disctirct Chorus song will be available to practice with . 
People have to \ 
realize , when you take 10 hours worth of Avatar and you condense \ 
it to a little under 2 hours , that it wont be exactly the same . \ 
Also , the pronounciations in the movie are correct ( Nickelodeon was wrong\ 
in how to pronounce the names ) . ( This is now spelling error free ) . 
Yay ! The Honors District Chorus piece is now available ! 
Finally going to see Toy Story 3 around 9pm at \ 
Waterworks with < PROPFIRST > Brimmeier ! Anyone else want to see it ( you have to \ 
provide your own ride) ? 
< PROPFIRST > Brimmeier and < PROPFIRST > Brimmeier fail at laser tag . 
Happy Bastille Day ! I hope our AP exam results arrive today . 
is actually going to start his summer assignments . Hopefully he will get the first few done in the next week or two . 
thinks the AP Calc AB assignment is longer than the AP Calc BC assignment . 
Working in a research lab is fun . If only I was 18 . Then I could actually get paid to do it . 
Schedule :\ 
1 . AP Biology - Chomyn\ 
2 . Lab/Study Hall - Chomyn/Tomko\ 
3 . AP Calculus AB - Ussia\ 
4 . Lunch Semester 1/2 - N/A\ 
5 . AP Japanese 5 - Shimizu\ 
6 . AP English Literature - Gaul\ 
7 . Concert Choir - Carland\ 
8 . Physical Education/Study Hall - Mosbacher/McCall\ 
9 . AP U.S. History - Donini 
21 days till school . That means 21 days to complete all of your summer assignments . Maybe summer should slow down until we have them all completed . 
?????????????????????? 
14 days till school . Hopefully I can finish my next two summer assignments by the end of this week so I could enjoy the last week . 
Attention : I have called the school and it is true that Ms. Carland has quit . Lets hope they don't make this worse by hiring a terribad director ( i.e. our old student teacher ) . Lets also hope that Jazz Choir continues because that is the reason some people continue with Concert Choir . I know that if we either get a bad director or don't continue with Jazz Choir , I will drop the class ( whether they allow me to or no ) . 
5 more chapters to go for Wuthering Heights ! Then just the essays left to do . 
Finished Wuthering Heights . The ending could have been better . Once I finish the essays , I will be done with all my summer assignments ! Yay ! 
???????????????? 
????? < PROPFEMALE > ?????????????????? 
Yay for school ! Not yay for having to still finish my essays . Luckily the essays are easy and shouldn't take more than an hour or so to write each of them . 
Going to work till 10 ... yay .... 
?????????????????????????? 
??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
The ending of < PROPMALE > Lear is so depressing . Almost everyone dies . 
All My Sons was a nice and easy play to read . 
I thought about starting 100 Years of Solitude but then I got sucked into Facebook . 
100 Years of Solitude is actually interesting . Much better than < PROPMALE > Lear at least . 
So much homework ( damn , APUSH and APELAC ) , so little time ( because of work ) . 
Time is running out for the completion of the tragedy essay . Two more paragraphs and I will be done . 
Sent my tragedy essay at exactly 11:59 . Lets hope that there isn't lag or that it doesn't bounce back . 
Simple minds are amused by simple things . 
Finished One Hundred Years of Solitude . Most likely one of the greatest books I have ever read . 
Writing my UPenn Essay . I wonder if the Admissions Office would be unhappy if it is several pages long . 
Started learning my Honors Chorus music . Had to listen to Domaredansen like 5 times before I figured out how to sing it . 4 days to learn 9 songs ... shouldn't be too hard . 
PMEA Honors Choir was fun . It is sad how it was my last year doing it . 
In Soviet Russia , horn blows you ! 
A Midsummer Night's Dream was awesome . Great job cast and crew ! 
I finally know what I will be doing for my Community Arts Project . 
ASPCA commercials are so depressing , and that is why I support them . 
My UPenn and CMU apps are being processed . Yay ! Only 3 months till I know whether I am accepted or rejected . Now the fun of completing the financial aid forms comes . 
179 out of 200 on my Community Arts Project . I am happy but also a bit sad that I missed the A by 1 point . I will get 200 on the next Community Arts Project though because my idea is so awesome . 
District calendar says we lose April 6 as a makeup day first , so we should still have a 3 day weekend . April 6 is a Wednesday so it isn't like we are losing a 3 day weekend either . 
Reminder : Don't forget about Shimizu Sensei's Farewell Party tomorrow after school in room 119 . If you haven't already , bring in 3 to 5 dollars for pizza . 
AMG , Square Enix is making a sequel to Final Fantasy XIII !!! I can't wait to get Final Fantasy XIII-2 ! 
????????? :( 
Scheduled my UPenn and CMU Alumni interviews . Glad that is finally out of the way . 
Step 1 : Go to College\ 
Step 2 : ??? \ 
Step 3 : Profit ! 
New life goal : Write a religious satire that is a palindrome ! 
Kinda bored , practice piano or play FF13 ? 
\Gott ist tot . \ " - Friedrich Nietzsche " 
Japanese , APUSH , and Mock Trial to work on today . Hopefully I'll get them all done in 4 to 6 hours . 
UPenn Alumni Interview today at 4:30 . I hope I make a good impression . 
Mr. Gaul's 6th period will beat Miss Demsey's and Mrs. Loudon's 6th period classes ! 
< PROPFIRST > Gugliuzza and < PROPFIRST > Lanier caused the Steeler's failness today because of their negativity ! 
APUSH exam tomorrow . Joy . At least I can look forward to the Comedy Symposium in Gaul's class . 
Writing Gaul's essay . Hope to get done in 2 to 3 hours . 
So I spent approximately an hour cleaning out my email inbox . That is what I get for keeping all the useless emails from College Board . 
Yay for 10 hours of homework ! 2 chapters of APUSH , 300 pages for Lit , Japanese , and Biology . I am so lucky :/ 
?????????????? 
Goals for the weekend : write my Japanese Speech Contest Essay , read chapter 32 for APUSH , and clean my room . 
I am so bored . 
Enjoyed watching a neurological surgery and a thoracic surgery today . I learned that not eating does have a negative affect on your body's tolerance to viewing blood . 
So I've been thinking . Since I know several doctors , and also because of the success of < PROPFEMALE > Little's linguistics conference , I was wondering if I should setup a medical conference at school . I was hoping to get input from you guys before asking my friends if they could do it . So what do you guys think ? 
So , I think I might actually die of boredom . Meh . 
Finishing my Japanese speech , then have to complete my Biology , Calculus , Japanese , English lit ., and APUSH homework . 
Have to be at school by 6 to help with the NHS breakfast . Yay me ! I'll probably stay up all night so I don't sleep in . 
Must finish my Japanese speech . I will stay up half the night if I have to ! 
Tekkoshocon is only 29 days away . Can't wait to go ! 
After neglecting to read Return of the Native , I decided to read all ( or most ) of it today . This will suck away probably 10 hours of my life . Meh . 
The statement below is false . \ 
The statement above is true . \ 
I just created a paradox . 
Finished APUSH . Now I only have Calculus and English . I will hopefully be done by midnight . 
2.5 hours to complete my Return of the Native essay . I will hopeful get done in 2 hours . This would be a lot easier if I read the book . 
Woohoo , finished my Gaul essay and it only took me 1.5 hours ! But I only was able to get one quote from the book in , oh wells . 
is one trophy away from finally completing Final Fantasy XIII . Now must < PROPMALE > farm to collect every item . Meh . T.T 
is happy that he has less than an hour of homework to do . Doing homework for 5 hours every night was getting depressing . 
I am so bored . Must do Calculus homework and then study for APUSH . 
Goal : Complete looking up Strands tomorrow . Hopefully with 2 days of studying , I will get close to a perfect on the test . 
Down to only needing to look up strands for Return of the Native . Woohoo . 
A few chapters for APUSH and six cantos in < PROPMALE>'s Inferno for homework . Approx 4 to 5 hours to complete . 
I got accepted to Carnegie Mellon ! 
Rejected by UPenn . Psh , < PROPFEMALE > League is overrated ... >.> I still have CMU to look forward to . :) 
Finished reading up to cantos 30 for The Inferno . Now must read a few chapters for APUSH . 
So who all is excited for Tekkoshocon ? Nearly three days of nonstop anime and Japanese fun ! 
