relieved that the little guy is doing better 

< PROPFEMALE > Faucet , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and now < PROPFIRST > Mays ... I dont think i can take any more loss in my life 
is ready for some football !!! 
just wants to let everyone know that 08 held it down today , sorry 09 maybe next year . 
He shoulda just given it up .... 
hopes everyone had a blast ! 
Is in Cortland ! 
Come on jags ya breakin my heart 
Is it just me or did the week go by SO fast ? 
THE CHAMPS ARE HERE 
Coming home ! 
Gilly cant touch me in pool 
Installing Windows 7 
< PROPFEMALE > is SOFT 
is headed to Pennsylvania ... my brothers getting married !!! 
No . no hollywood goes too far 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone :-) 
I cant put any of this into words 
BACK IN CORTLAND ! 
Halfway done with final paper ! 
2 pages to go ... home stretch !!! 
Final Time 
Leaving for GN in 17 hours ! 
3 hours to go ! 
Great to be back :-) 
Penn Station SUCKS 
We NEED to win tomorrow sorry pats 
Blue 
Who from < PROPMALE > knows where theyre living ? 
Leaving for Cortland 
is in Cortland ! 
This is gonna be a good day 
AFC did work 
Just watched a video from senior year ... what a cab ride that was .... 
Sore throat , nauseous , headache ... im taking a nap 
Needs Prayers 
I whole-heartedly believe everything happens for a reason ... I guess I just wish I knew what that reason was 
This paper will be the death of me 
BACK IN GREAT NECK BABY 
Days Till Survival Trip : 1 
Into the wild 
Heading back up to Cortland , this break went WAY too fast ! 
Back in Cortland ! 
< PROPFEMALE > 1 of paper finished ... 
< PROPFEMALE > 2 of paper finished .... 
WOW just spent two hours reading then writing this paper i thought was due tomorrow ... its due next monday ... good night everyone 
Just registered for New Heights ! 
I dont cry for you ... youre in the presence of eternal joy . It's those of us who are left behind that face the tears . 
Anyone in cortland looking to get food ? 
Public Poll : What is the greatest love song of all time ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is not only my best friend but my superior and she should never be questioned . 
Back in Cortland and shoutout to my brother and sister on 6 years of marriage ! 
FINALLY finished next semesters schedule ... its gonna be a tough semester 
Paper is finished ! 
Just saw The Fray live at Cortland .... EPIC 
One final today then starts the war of the papers 
Finals Week Update - Pages Left to Write : 16 
Finals Week Update - Pages Left to Write : 11 
Finals Week Update - Pages Left to Write : 5 
Done with papers ! Two Finals to go 
Last final then home ... here goes nothing 
Going home ! 
the ny giants superbowl champs 2010 
Lost was EPIC 
SKIDROW does work ! Props 
EVERYONE needs to see Magic & Bird : A Courtship of Rivals . How appropriate that the start of the decade begins with the best rivalry in basketball ! 
Headed up to Syracuse :-) 
Lets do it Celtics ! 
CRAZY DAY : Just spent the last 6 hours cleaning up the wreckage from this storm . 
Finally have internet back 
Once you want it , you'll feel it . Once you feel it , you'll know it . Once you know it , you will never be the same . 
Happy Birthday to the greatest nation in the world ! 
By the start of the 2011 season Amare , Carmello , and < PROPMALE > will all be knicks ... too bad im a bobcats fan 
Daily Poll : Ok men , purely based on the physical attractiveness of a woman , which is more important : Face or Body ? 
Too the zoo 
RIP < PROPFIRST > 
North < PROPFEMALE > in less than 2 and a half hours 
Tried p90x for the first time yesterday .... still nauseous 
As always NC was AWESOME ! New York here we come ! 
Just saw Braveheart for the first time ... Incredible 
Tomorrow is the day ! Time to be RECHARGED and by God's grace , touch some hearts at New Heights Summer Camp ! 
I can't even begin to explain just how much work God was able to do this past week . We reached NEW HEIGHTS in Christ ! Thank you all , we are truly blessed ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZqfU3OFNZA0 
It's almost time to go ... Its been an incredible summer and I am so blessed for the way God is working in my life . Cortland here I come ! 
Faith isn't easy ... but thats what makes it faith 
For many are called , but few are chosen ( < PROPFIRST > 22:14 ) .... This is for those chosen men\ 
\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3WvWEZbtbo&NR=1 
Not only so , but we also rejoice in our sufferings , because we know that suffering produces perseverance ; perseverance , character ; and character , hope . ~ Romans 5:3 -4 
You have filled my heart with greater JOY . Psalms 4:7 
Why is it that professors feel that they have the right to teach their opinions as fact ? 
Slime P-Rice anyone ? 
God is good ! 
Ever try and brush your teeth with your non-dominant hand ? Totally different experience 
How many coincidences does it take for a person to realize that there are no coincidences ? 
Jaguars starting off the season with a win . I LOVE IT 
I love hip hop but I'm done listening to the big names insult my pops 
I don't claim to know everything , in fact one of my strengths is that I am fully aware of how much I DON'T know . But stronger yet is the fact that what I do know , I believe with all my heart . 
We are often unprepared for Truth , which is why Truth is revealed to us progressively . -Chip Brogden 
Who is your favorite Disney character ? 
Heading back to the GN 
Its been great coming home , back to Cortland 
Back in Cortland safe and sound 
Ever stop to think about the idea of a < PROPMALE > giving up his life for one of his servants ? Pretty wild ... 
Laminin ... look it up 
Night class till 9:30 then chillin 
Is it accurate to say straight hair is \softer\ " than curly hair ? " 
Jaguars WIN on a 59 YARD FIELD GOAL as time expires ... My man < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Rio is safe for now 
\What good will it be for a man if he gains the whole world 
The pro-choice view is that abortion is a woman's ' right ' . What about the ' right ' to life ? \ 
At 18 days a baby has a beating heart . At 7 weeks this ' lifeless ' baby begins to suck its thumb . At 24 weeks ( still legal even without complications to the mother's health ) that baby has a 50% < PROPMALE > to survive on its own . We are living through legalized mass murder . It's just a matter of whether or not we want to see it . 
If NBA 2k11 were a woman , I would get down on one knee right now and propose to her 
Life is good and God is great ! 
Not sure my night class could have been any worse , the first hour was an exam and the second hour and 30 minutes was a < PROPFIRST > moore documentary 
So often we Christians fight to be \right\ " but how many souls are saved and hearts won as a result a lost argument ? " 
This weekend was absolutely incredible ! 
Men's Retreat ! 
Thanks to my awesome agape peeps who came to our game ! Too bad we couldn't pull out the win . 
I don't know what the future holds , but I know who holds the future . 
Oh , how he loves us ! 
It has been a LONG day .... and it's not even close to over . Gonna need your help on this one God :-) 
Ahhhh finished :-) God is SO good ! Good luck < PROPFEMALE > Ace Horning ! 
He is jealous for me , loves like a hurricane , I am a tree 
How proud we are as we compare ourselves to others ... how pitiful we are in comparison to the one who can judge the hearts of men . 
Esse quam videri ~ To be , rather than to seem to be 
< PROPFEMALE > Ace Horning , tonight you won a \game\ " while i lost a \ " battle\ " . This is far from over ... " 
What an incredible Thanksgiving dinner ! My Agape peeps you are the best ! Special shout out to < PROPFEMALE > Gardeski for making it all happen . Of course there were many others who helped so thank you all ! 
Lord , I will follow you to the ends of existence ! 
Im a F-A-N-A-T-I-C !!! 
Heading back to Cortland soon . Praying for safe travel for all of those making their trips back . See you wittle guys soon ! 
Since when does toothpaste have an expiration date ? 
Paper is done and God is good ... Lets do this thing ! 
Find me here\ 
Speak to me\ 
I want to feel you\ 
I need to hear you\ 
You are the light\ 
Thats leading me\ 
To the place\ 
Where I find peace , again 
Father , I thank you for your peace that transcends all understanding ! 
i love my life and i love Christian Gunn more than anyone else 
God is SO slick ! 
Thank you SO much < PROPFEMALE > Ace Horning for the best secret < PROPFEMALE > gift EVER ! I am blessed beyond measure for so many reasons ! 
Thank you God for the ways you have worked in us these past two weeks , there is just no limit to the things you can do with a willing heart . 
Headed back to Long Island , gonna miss you guys a ton ! 
If I speak in the tongues of men and of angels , but have not love , I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal . If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge , and if I have a faith that can move mountains , but have not love , I am nothing . If I give all I possess to the poor and surrender my body to the flames , but have not love , I gain nothing . 
Thank you God for your son , the greatest gift ever given . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
The past is OVER ( learn from your mistakes , move on ) , today is Opportunity ( it is up to you what you make of the chances you are given ) , and tomorrow is a MYSTERY ( only God knows the plans he has for our lives , so don't spend your time looking to what could be , follow the path he has laid out for you today ! ) 2010 had its ups and down but every year God gives is a blessing ! Heres to 2011 ! 
Attention Everyone I Gave A Ride Home On New Years : There is a salmonish color scarf in my car ... anyone missing one ? 
Lead me to the cross\ 
Where your love poured out\ 
Bring me to my knees\ 
Lord I lay me down\ 
Rid me of myself\ 
I belong to You\ 
Lead me , lead me to the cross 
About to make the most epic meal in this history of breakfast foods for lunch ... Eggs , bacon , sausage , kielbasi and if i can find some potatoes , home fries 
We love our parents because they gave us life , support our needs and show us love . How much more then should we love our heavenly father who gives and sustains all life , is the provider of every good and perfect gift , and loves us UNconditionally ! 
Heading up to Greene to see my man < PROPFIRST > Platt then off to Cortland first thing tomorrow morning ! 
Off to friendlys with my awesome new staff ! 
knows that < PROPFIRST > is smarter than < PROPFIRST > and i put together :) 
Im sorry to everyone who had to see the lies of my previous status ... I think we were all able to to detect the fallacies as they presented themselves ... 
It's SO nice to have Christian Gunn back . I have some pretty awesome friends ! 
God I am ready to start this path you've laid out for me ! 
Psalm 51:16 -17 
Lord thank you for the work you are doing on this campus . The first Agape is in the books and by your grace we will enjoy many more nights of glorifying your name ! 
I cant believe they cancelled classes ... and it didn't even snow ! 
Covered by your love divine\ 
Child of the risen Lord\ 
To hear you say \This one's mine\ " \ 
Hey I just want all the other teams competing in tonights dodgeball tournament that I wish you luck ! And no matter the outcome just remember that there's nothing wrong with second place . 
There's no high like the MOST HIGH 
God , I'm ready when you are :-) 
Only those who see the invisible can achieve the impossible 
Agape Lock-In TONIGHT ! Get PUMPED people ! 
What an AWESOME lock-in , < PROPFEMALE > Mazurkiewicz and < PROPFIRST > Puukila did an absolutely incredible job tonight ! 
I am so blessed ! 
knows that women are smarter than men . at everything . 
2/3 done making my 101 things list :-) 
< PROPFIRST > 3:16 ... the greatest love story of all time 
Faith sees the invisible\ 
Faith believes the impossible\ 
Faith receives the incredible 
Who , then , are those who fear the LORD ? \ 
He will instruct them in the ways they should choose . ~ Psalm 25:12 
my goldylock locks are being cut offffffffffffff .. . and i'm crying about it 
My status was changed but the information is true , the hair is mostly gone :-( 
But may all who seek you rejoice and be glad in you ; may those who love your salvation always say , \Let God be exalted ! \"" 
God , you keep laying down the bread crumbs , ill keep following the trail :-) 
Ready to do the Lord's work this week with < PROPFEMALE > Mazurkiewicz and < PROPFIRST > Puukila ! NYC wont know what hit it ! 
yo yo yo yooooo wud up ?! 
I will stay right here , till you tell me to move ... Yield , Pray , and Watch ! 
Get excited people , we have the Comedy Group coming to Agape tonight . Bring your friends to the Fireplace Lounge tonight at 8 , you wont be dissapointed ! 
Where Your love poured out\ 
Lead Me , lead me to the cross 
Every good and perfect gift is from above , coming down from the Father of the heavenly lights , who does not change like shifting shadows . ~ < PROPFIRST > 17:1 
Off to Canada with the Gospel Choir ! Shout out to all those going to the BASIC conference ! 
If you're stressed and unsure of where to go , place your trust in the Lord and be patient ... you'll be surprised with how much greater the outcome will be ... 
There's something about you now\ 
I can't quite figure out\ 
Everything she does is beautiful\ 
Everything she does is right\ 
~ Lifehouse ~ 
I know many of you have been wondering if the many websites offering Ninja Certification for the low price of $7.95 are legit ... well I'll have you know that they are not\ 
Thank you for you time 
Big shoutout to < PROPFEMALE > Koppenhaver ! Welcome to the family ! 
Dear Cortland Campus , please forgive the misguided man on the < PROPFIRST > steps tomorrow , he knows not what he does . Please remember he does not represent the views of the Christians on this campus . We wish nothing but love and kindness for everyone regardless or should we say because of who they are . Moral of the story : We love you as you are . ( Taken from < PROPFIRST > Platt ) 
Dearest Facebook Friends Who Continue to Poke Me , \ 
I would like all of you wonderful people to know that there are few things i take more seriously than a poke war and lets just say those things either involve direct harm to my family , loved ones , or < PROPFEMALE > syrup . So continue to poke me if you must ... but know there is no hope for victory . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ... can I just say that I LOVE you all ! 
Lord , thank you for answered prayers ! 
I woke up feeling pretty sick this morning . Not wanting to get up from bed there was so much I had to do but just couldn't move . My wonderful girlfriend came to bring me chicken noodle soup , oranges , Tums , orange juice , and throat lozenges ... Am I a lucky guy or what ! 
Off to sleep ... again :-) See you bright and early tomorrow < PROPFIRST > Puukila . Cant wait to meet everyone ! 
Best Easter weekend of my life . Thank you Lord for your sacrifice and better yet thank you for your triumph over the grave ! 
Agape Car Wash TODAY 3-6pm ! Come on down to 281 lot and get your car washed for FREE ! 
My phone got a little wet ... its taking a rice bath so if anyone needs to reach me ... dont try my phone it needs to rest 
Rice bath over and im about to turn my poor phone on ... here we go 
Nope phone shut off for good ... RIP Envy 3 
