/b/ 

Had an amazing New Years with some really great people . I love you all . 
Well that was a waste of a perfectly good < PROPMALE > . What a tool . >_> 
Hey , question for all you gear nuts out there - if I were to get a Line 6 POD , would I be able to use my POD Farm studio tones from the software in my hardware version ? I'd love to be able to use them live , but I'm not willing to shell out 200 bucks to find out . 
I like it when girls can be real , direct , and expressive about what's important to them , instead of trying to convey the message indirectly . 
Fable 2 just glitched and now my character is invisible . Nice . 
is sitting in his car , in the DVFC parking lot , waiting for someone to open the doors , hoping I don't get bugged by a suspicious cop or something of the sort . I mean , this COULD look suspicious , depending on the cop's degree of paranoia . Oh boy oh boy . 
I hate war . 
Fallout : New Vegas <3 
Watching Lockup . 
\You look like a werewolf ! \ " hahaha XD " 
is waiting for his girlfriend to get out of surgery . This is so nerve wracking . I mean I know she'll do fine , but still ... 
Some people jump to conclusions way too quickly , without making any attempts to get further information on the matter . They then proceed to a burn a bridge that should have been left untouched . Kind of sad really . 
I enjoy pacing . 
If it has tits or tires , it will cause you trouble . 
Damn . 
I could really use some coffee right now . None of that frappy lappy stuff either , some good strong black coffee . 
Rofo or Wawa ... hmmm ... 
Just uploaded some pics that were taken over the summer . 
So that terrible song I wrote and recorded last night ? Woke up this morning and listened to it again , then realized it's actually freakin awesome ! Blues , Aggrotech , and Black Metal ?! Dio must be rolling over in his grave . 
is itching all over . I hate this . 
Today should be good . Working on recording some new music for a bit , then heading over to < PROPMALE>'s shop . After that , spending some time with Jes , then heading over to the Fire Department at around 6:00 . After that ? No idea , but I'm sure it'll be great . 
Knew I shouldn't have eaten that ... 
Nicotine withdrawal . What a bitch . I'm going to beat it , then beat it again once it's dead . 
Damn being sick . I'm taking a long nap , peace . 
just won a high speed < PROPMALE > with the Bulle Rock rent-a-cops . 
Hot Topic is so hardcore that they now have < PROPFIRST > Beiber shirts ! Woo ! 
New profile pic . Short hair . 
New phone . Send me your < PROPFIRST > . 
Watching The Walking Dead while drinking orange soda . I love orange soda . ;) 
I am very grumpy today . Grrr . 
saw < PROPMALE > Hex and the new < PROPMALE > Potter in one night . 
Tired of dealing with this stuff . 
Loves < PROPFIRST > bieber 
I really don't wanna get out of the shower right now . > ( 
Ramrods ' n hoses 
I can't help but noticing how the same people who were complaining about the heat last summer , are now babbling about how their toes are cold and wishing it was July . Want some hot chocolate ? 
Gee , you would think that I was taking a vacation from sleep or something . I need more of it . Now . 
Yeah I'm bored , so I'm going to jump on the bandwagon . #'s game . Go . 
I really want to live in a Bioshock style under water city . Minus the creepy mutants of course . Although the utter chaos I could live with . 
Screw laxatives . Just drink eggnog . 
So apparently my cat does not like the rain . He let me know quite vocally in fact . 
Looks like I have a virus . Time to go into repair mode . 
Ok . I'm having trouble with this virus . It's called System Tool . Anyone have experience killing this abomination ? 
Leaving for Westchester in a few hours . I'm pumped . 
There's a very big possibility that I have gastroenteritis . This SUCKS !!! 
Boredom . It creeps up on you and bites you in the ass , then laughs as you desperately surf the web trying to stay entertained . 
This weather is so metal . 
>_> 
Fun day for me tomorrow . Heading over to see < PROPMALE > for some driving tips , then working on recording for a few hours after that . Ars Notoria almost has enough new material for another EP , which I'm thrilled about . 92 at 6:00 , then a CPR drill and a drill focusing on proper use of a ... water thief ? I think that's what we're doing . ANYways , totally pumped about tomorrow . 
The Subaru suffered a blown out tire last night . Didn't care much for the stock tires anyways , and now we have Pirelli P4 All-Weather performance tires on it with an 80k mile warranty . Funny how things work out . 
Off to the gym , then to 92 for weekly maintenance and cleanup . CPR and hose drills after that . 
OMG where is my mic cable ?! ALSJKDFKAASD !!!! 
Throat's killing me . Need to record . Looks like a few days of vocal rest for me . Do you have any idea how freakin ' hard it is for me not to say ANYthing for three freakin ' days ?!! 
Backing tracks are a bitch to prepare . I've been working on making one all night . All night !!! Still not quite finished . 
70 mile commute to band practice through rush hour ? BRING IT ON . 
I love messing with aggressive drivers . Hell yeah . 
It rubs the lotion on its skin , or else it gets the hose again ! 
Assassins Creed . 
Have to take Jes to the hospital . Man I'm worried . 
The Flying V is in the shop getting fixed . Finally . Hopefully soon I can get the Gibson SG in there too to get some mods done and get the wiring fixed . 
Bah . Screw going swimming today . Too tired . Plus I have to leave in about hour anyways ... 
Booting up Sonar . Time to get some recording done . 
I don't have writers block , I just ... just ... oh man here we go again . >_> 
Twenty dollars to whoever finds my phone . 
Let's go kill some hipsters . 
Is anyone else experiencing difficulties with the Vlingo Voice to Text feature on their smart phone ? It keeps bastardizing my crammed and altering my messages . 
Done with this studio ridiculousness for tonight . Driving me nuts . 
Heading to < PROPFEMALE>'s Java to play a quick acoustic set in a couple of hours . Haven't done this in a while . Pretty excited . 
Jes and I just got attacked by Coyotes LOL 
Looks like I'm getting a colonoscopy in a week . Beautiful . 
Keep fighting the good fight BCFD . 
This is why you don't leave log in on phones :) mohohoho !! :) 
Oh how I hate Moviprep . I want to give the DOC a colonoscapy and see how he likes drinking this stuff ... !!! bathroom 
Just got out of post-op . Man , I don't know what was in that IV but it wax niiiiiiiiiice ! 
Finally caught up on sleep after the grueling week . Was fun though . Firefighter 1 at MFRI tomorrow , first thing in the morning at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Starcraft II is taking much too long to patch . 
Off to bed . Night night facebook . 
American Idol is idolly . And Zoey the enormous poodle is asleep next to me . And keeps farting . It smells damnit . 
Starcraft 2 is AWESOME ! 
You , you can't hurt me , why I'm banned in D.C. D.C. D . C . \ 
\ 
And if you ban us from your clubs , it's the right time , with the right mind . \ 
And if you think we really care , then you won't find in my mind . \ 
Noooo ! You can't afford , to close your doors , so soon no more . 
I have a headache . I do not like it . 
Awesome day . 
I love you Jes . Have fun in Hoboken tomorrow . 
I just beat Starcraft 2 after a week of having no life . And now I want the expansion . The expansion isn't even out yet , but I want it . What an absolutely addicting game . Well .. it's from the makers of WoW , it's to be expected ... back to practicing knots . 
>_< 
Got to MFRI way too early . Stuck waiting at a security checkpoint that isn't even open yet with a bunch of heavily armed military police officers staring at me . 
likes happy things like rainbows and butterflies and snuggies . they bring joy to my heart . 
FEMA ICS course . 
Daily Show 
At the gym . It's cold outside . 
Crap . I think I might have another upper respiratory infection again . Any tips on getting well faster than normal ? Fire 1 on Sunday ... 
This is getting worse and worse . 
Getting better . Hopefully by tomorrow . 
If this damn cough doesn't go away I may end up missi . g Fire 1 after all . Good thing I can make it up . Still ... 
I want a cat . 
The new Facebook artist < PROPFEMALE > thing is absolutely ridiculous and I hate it . I've somehow set my own profile as the artist profile and the artist profile as my own username and it sucks . IT SUCKS . Reading this Facebook team ?!! 
VD fact : flowers are just the severed sexual organs of plants . 
Every < PROPFIRST>'s Day , the Italian city of < PROPFEMALE > , where Shakespeare's lovers < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > lived , receives about 1,000 letters addressed to < PROPFEMALE > . Yep . 
In the US , 64 percent of men do not make plans in advance for a romantic < PROPFIRST>'s Day with their sweethearts . 
wants McDonalds . 
FEMA ICS course completed . Now just need to print this thing out ... 
WWE : Two juiced up men in their underwear manhandling each other in front of a crowd that's mostly male . Something homoerotic about this ? 
Music ? What is music ?! 
Time to go to bed and get some sleeps ov the mindz . 
My grandma has this habit of using the house phone for three hours straight . >_> That's what Facebook is for . 
AT&T = The best plans with the worst service . 
I Am Number Four was actually REALLY good . 
I can't find my damn vocal mic . 
Week 5 of Firefighter 1 begins in four hours . Bring on the MAZE !! And that smokey building thing too . Whatever it's called . 
Just layethed the smackdown on Fire 1 today . Maze = awesome 
Breakfast at the bridge diner was great . Hitting the gym in a bit . 
is now ICS 100 , 200 , 700 certified . Yay me . 
Damnit damnit damnit . 
Getting the car and my gear ready to head up north . 
Making a pit stop at Canal's , then heading to Greyskied studios . 
Fire 1 Week 5 - Ladders 
After an hour of studying NFPA Fire 1 guidelines , it's time to pack my gear and head up north . Booked at Greyskied studios from 10 to 12 . 
< PROPFIRST > has been in Wawa for an hour . Hurry up . 
At 92 for the forseeable future . 
We need a fire box . Or rescue . Or something . 
Firefighter 1 week 7 - Bring it on . 
Hose jockeying in the rain . Awesome . 
Notice to all you soccer moms with bad driving habbits - If you see lights and hear sirens , get the hell out of the way ! This does not mean flicking your high beams , honking your horn , making rude gestures , and generally acting like you're suffering from a cranial/rectal inversion . Thank you . 
Hell of a 2 alarm fire last night . Not much sleep there . 
Hehehehe . 
Fun night at 92 . I think my nuts have finally begun to recover . 
I'm purging my friends list of people who are just kind of there and don't really talk much or make any attempt at social interaction . As well as annoying people . If you are one of these people and object , make your case now . 
Conformity : hindering progress since 6 million B.C. 
Sleep minus one hour didn't turn out so bad . Good spirits , on my way to training . Which reminds me - \ 
Firefighter 1 - Week 8 : Hell yeah . 
Time to kick ass and chew bubblegum . And I'm all out of gum . 
Chilling at 92 for a bit . Hitting up Jes's place for dinner later . After that who knows . 
Donation to Red Cross http://4sq.com/fMGVpB 
I just talked my way out of a MASSIVE speeding ticket . I mean MASSIVE . 45 in a 25 , & five blown stop signs . Oh yeah , couldn't find my registration or proof of insurance , so I handed the cop my MFRI pass instead because it contained the registration . Still needed the proof of insurance though . He comes back and tells me to \slow the hell down and have a nice night . \ " WTF ! Not complaining but ; lkasjdf ; lksaj ; dfsa " 
< PROPMALE > made me wet . I need a change of clothes . ' Cause I'm cold . Thanks < PROPMALE > . 
Jes is so grouchy before her morning coffee . This is hysterical . 
; lskdajflasdjf ; lasdkf ; a 
Come on Flyers . 
On duty until 4pm tomorrow . At 92 for now , going to get some studying done . 
ALLERGIES . 
Firefighter 1 - Week 9 : Ventilation \ 
I'm going to be breaking stuff all day with large tools . What's not to like ? 
Needs to speed up email delivery times on his Android to the point where they are instantanious . Any suggestions ? 
2000 BMW 323i for sale . $1500 . Needs new transmission . Message me if interested . 
Taking a quick nap , then studying some more for the Fire 1 midterm tomorrow . 
I'm having a craving for Fudruckers . 
Firefighter 1 - Week 10 \ 
Time for the midterm and first burn . 
92 
Need a box . 
Heading to 92 . 
Well I guess my Android phone finally died on me . Permanently . That thing's been through hell . 
Fucking depressing . 
Sanity is so boring . 
Alright , finally got that phone replaced . SIM card got destroyed though so if you have my number text me with your name and I'll add you to my contacts . If you don't have my number and you want it , message me to receive it\ 
. 
Fuck this . 
Stuck in traffic . Blow me . 
And now traffic starts to move ... 
Great . Well here goes the rest of my night . 
Fuck me sideways . 
Human centipede . LOL 
TornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadotornadoWOOSH !!! 
About to torch some cars . 
Coffee and traditions training . Giggity . 
Does anyone have any tips on where to look for information on jailbreaking an iPhone ? Besides google and youtube , they're givens . I'm more looking for exact sources . Thanks . 
It's times like these you learn who your friends are . 
Tornado warning and massive storm approaching . Goody . 
Studying Dublin firehouse 92 for the morning . Running some errands this afternoon . After that who knows . 
Tornado siren keeps going off . Interesting day so far . 
Out with the Dublin Wrecking Crew . 
Bring on the studying . 
I am so fucking pissed . Fucking idiot 
I love my super awesome girlfriend 
I hate demanding people . 
If it has tits or tires it will cause you trouble . 
Root canal . 
Stop whining . 
The perfect is the enemy of the good . 
Sleep ? What is this sleep that you speak of ? 
This is turning out to be an awesome night lmao 
Happy rapture day . 
Mind over matter . 
Never ceases to amaze me how 98% of the human population manages to piss me off . 
This rules . 
I'm considering playing < PROPFEMALE > Story again . Anyone else on here play ? 
