Late Last Night I Had A Dream And She Was In It Again She And I Were In tHe Sky Flying Hand In Hand I Woke Up In A Cold Sweat Wishing She Was By My Side 

It All Keeps Adding Up I Think I'm Cracking Up Am I just Paranoid Or Am I Just Dumb 
I Got No Pride 
Pound For Pound ..... The Baddest Cat In The Land 
Soul With A Capital S 
Motherfuckers Best Beleive It That You Fuckin With The Best 
I Feel So Useless In The Murder City ...?... What ? 
Theres A Plague Inside Of Me Eating Out My Desposition Nothings Left 
And I Realize Now That It Was All My Fault ... All Of It ... Is There Anybody Out There That Eill Help ... All I Need Is Love My Fellow Peers 
I'm Never Gonna Fade Away 
ABC ... ITS EASY AS 1.2.3 AS SIMPLE AS DO RE MI ABC 1.2.3 BABY YOU AND ME GIRL 
I Don't Care If You Don't Care 
\Do You Have The Time To Listen To Me Whine About Nothing And Everything All At Once I Am One Of Those Malagermatic Fools Neurotic To The Bone No Doubt About It \"" 
Sometimes I Need To Apologize Sometimes I Need To Admit That I Ain't Right Sometimes I Should Just Keep My Mouth Shut , Or Only Say Hello Sometimes I Still Feel I'm Walking Alone 
ANOTHER SENTIMENTAL ARGUMENT AND BITTER LOVE DRAGGED DOWN THROUGH THE MUD 
This is a public service announcement this is only a test 
I Have My Doubts Of Where I Belong ... Its Somethin To Think About ? 
Today I Walk Alone 
I WAS A YOUNG BOY THAT HAD BIG PLANS NOW I'M JUST ANOTHER SHITTY OLD MAN I CAN'T HAVE FUN AND I HATE EVERYTHING THE WORLD OWES ME SO FUCK YOU < PROPFEMALE > DAYS DON'T MEAN A SHIT TO ME I DRINK A SIX PACK OF APATHY LIFES A BITCH AND SO AM I THE WORLD OWES ME SO FU 
I WANNA BE YOUR DOMINATED LOVE SLAVE ... I WANNA BE THE ONE WHO TAKES THE PAIN YOU CAN SPANK ME WHEN I DO NOT BEHAVE ... SMACK ME IN THE FOREHEAD WITH A CHAIN ,,, I WANT YOU TO SMACK ME AND CALL ME NAUGHTY PUT A BELT SANDER AGAINST MY SKIN I WANNA FEEL PAIN ALL 
ON MY OWN HERE WE GO MY FRIENDS MY EYES FEEL LIKE THERE GONNA BLEED DRIED UP AND BULGING ON MY SKULL MY MOUTH IS DRY MY FACE IS NUMB FUCKED UP AND SPUN OUT IN MY ROOM 
I Don't Know You But I Think I Hate You ... Your The Reason For My Misery ... Strange How You've Become My Biggest Enemy And I've Never Even Seen Your Face ... Maybe Its Just Jealousy Mixing Up With A Violent Mind A Circumstance That Doesn't Make Much Sense Or 
hE sAYS wE'RE fUCKED aLL tHOUGH weRE nOT tHE sAME 
nOBODY lIKES yOU eVERYONE left you there all out with out you having fun 
God Told Me To Skin You Alive 
ITS NOT OVER TILL YOUR UNDERGROUND ITS NOT OVER TILL ITS TO LATE WITH CITIES BURNIN ... ITS NOT MY BURDEN ITS NOT OVER TILL ITS TO LATE 
I Crossed The River And Fell Into The Sea Where The Nonbeleivers Go Beyond Beleif Then I Scratched The Surface In The Mouth Of Hell 
You Don't Love Me ... You Lied ... You Barely Like Me You Just Can't Stand Being Alone 
Don't Leave Me ... Bullshit .... Get The Fuck Outta Here 
DON'T STOP TILL YOU GET ENOUGH 
What The Fuck ...?... Huh ? 
bye 
I'LL TAKE YOUR LOVE I'LL TAKE EVERYTHING YOU FUCKING .... BITCH 
i don't care if you don't ... i don't care if you don't ... i don't care if you don't care ... i don't care if you don't care ... i don't care 
a thought runs through my head and i need to tell you its news that i forethought 
something went wrong and u can't tell anyone cause nobody is here ... left me here alone and i shoulda stayed at home after ten cups of coffe i'm bakin 
There's a boy who fogs his world and now he's getting lazy There's no motivation and frustration makes him crazy He makes a plan to take a stand but always ends up sitting . Someone help him up or he's gonna end up quitting 
I sit in the state of a daydream With all of your words flying over my head Even more time gets wasted In a daze It should seem obvious to you Your screams and cries are never going to work And all of your time gets wasted In my daze 
Talk is cheap and lies are expensive My wallet's fat and so is my head Hit and run and then I'll hit you again I'm a smart ass but I'm playing dumb Standards set and broken all the time Control the chaos behind a gun 
All brawn and no brains And all those nice things You FINALLY got what you want Someone to look good with AND light your cigarette Is this what you really want ? I figured out what you're all about And I don't think I like what I see SOOOOO ... I HOPE I wo 
IT's Your Last Ride In 
So take the photographs , and still frames in your mind < PROPFEMALE > it on a shelf in good health and good time Tattoos of memories and dead skin on trial For what it's worth it was worth all the while It's something unpredictable , but in the end it's right . I ho 
Sing us a song of the century That's louder than bombs and eternity The < PROPFEMALE > of static and contraband That's leading us into the promised land Tell us a story that's by candlelight Waging a war and losing the fight They're playing the song of the century o 
WITH DEAD SWORDS AND LONELY HEARTS WE COUNT THE POISON 
I WANNA BE ALONE 
The joke is over You were an asshole And now you're gone As your ship is going down I'll stand by and watch you drown 
It says home is where your heart is But what a shame ' Cause everyone's heart Doesn't beat the same It's beating out of time 
I'm Not Fucking Around 
Drain the pressure from the swelling , This sensations overwhelming , Give me a long kiss goodnight and everything will be alright Tell me that I won't feel a thing 
To live and not to breathe Is to die In tragedy To run , to run away To find what you believe I lost my faith to this This town that don't exist So I run I run away To the light of masochist 
Sckyscrapers stargazers in my head 
OH NO LETS GO !!! 
Don't Beleive In Me 
Do you have the time To listen to me whine About nothing and everything All at once I am one of those Melodramatic fools Neurotic to the bone No doubt about it 
Christ ... Its Always The Same Fuckin People On Facebook ... 
You Should've Killed Me When You Had The < PROPMALE > 
I'm Not Part Of Your Elite I'm Just Alright 
Welcome To Paradise 
EVERY JOKE CAN HAVE ITS TRUTH BUT NOW THE JOKES ON YOU MOTHERFUCKER 
This sudden fear has left me trembling Cause now it seems that I am out here on my own And I'm feeling so alone ... Welcome To Paradise 
I'm going crazy Cause there are things in the streets I don't believe So we'll pretend it's alright and stay in for the night Oh what a world I'll keep you safe here with me 
burns my eyes ... to see your face 
Every time I'm fallin’ down You take the reprecussions Headaches and anxieties Advancing my frustrations Rushings of my depression Sacrifice everything Waste with me into nothing Well now you're stuck with me 
< PROPFIRST > Stalin Ordered The Assasination Of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > In 1950 .... I'm Not Even Kidding Google That Shit 
\Tomorrow is the most important thing in life . Comes into us at midnight very clean . It's perfect when it arrives and it puts itself in our hands . It hopes we've learned something from yesterday . \ " ... Guess Who Said That " 
Fill your hand , you son of a bitch ! \ " , 2009-08-19 07:27:59 " 
Get Along Home < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > I'll Marry You Sometime 
But now I see I'm mortal too and I cant live my life like you Gotta live it up while life goes on 
Send me your amnesty down to the broken hearted Bring us the season that we always will remember Don't let the bonfires go out 
YOU GIVE LOVE A BAD NAME 
And If I Ever Need I Reason To Smile ... 
Think of me You know that I'd be with you if I could I'll come around to see you once in a while Or if I ever need a reason to smile And spend the night if you think I should Think of me ... 
I Am The Eggman ... I Am The Walrus 
See How They Run Like Pigs From A Gun See How They Fly 
As you sit around feeling sorry for yourself Oh I heard it all before So don't knock down my door I'm a loser and the user So I don't need no accuser To try and slag me down because I know you're right 
I'm Not Sure Just What To Do ... I'm Stuck Right In The Middle Of Myself And You . And I Have No Idea What You Think Or I Think ... 
We Are So Pathetic 
Today Is The First Day Of My Life ... I Swear I Was Blind Before I Met You 
All I Want To Know Right Now Is That You Think About Me To ... So When Your All Alone Come To Me And I'll Protect You .. Don't Worry I'm There 
I Need To Know .... If This Is Worth The Fight ? 
oh ... i guess its not ... oh well 
BECAUSE I'M FREE AND NOTHING IS WORRYING ME 
nvm 
When it's time to live and let die And you can't get another try Something inside this heart has died You're in ruins 
Nothing Is Ever Built To Last 
WHEN I LOOK IN THE MIRROR I SEE YOUR ... FACE 
Dude ... I Think I'm High ... ( Turns And Looks ) ... HOLY SHIT DUDE YOUR FLYING !!!!! 
Good God I'm Flyin 
HA HA HA HA 
Okay The ... Fuck You 
Cookoo Ca Chooooo 
Gone Like A Freightrain , Gone Like Yesterday , Gone Like A Soldier In The Civil War Bang Bang , Gone Like A 59 Cadillac , Like All Those Good Things That Ain't Never Coming Back ... Well She Is Gone 
Where Do You Draw The Line Between Chaos And Structure ?.... how do you know if what you did wasn't a complete mocary of who you are and what you symbolize ?.... 
All Your Life You Were Only Waiting For This Moment To Arrive ... And Now Its Gone 
Please Love Me Do 
She Smashed Her Knuckles Into Winter As Autumns Warmth Fades Into Black She Is The Saint Of All The Sinners The One Thats Fallen Through The Cracks 
You Think You Lost Your Love When I Saw Her Yesterday Its You She Is Thinkin Of And She Told Me What To Say 
Maybe I Shouldn't Think Of You ... As Mine 
Every Street I Walk On I Leave Teardrops On The Ground All Because Of A Girl I Didn't Want Around 
He blew his mind out in a car He didn't notice that the lights had changed A crowd of people stood and stared They'd seen his face before 
Somebody Asked Me Once If I Loved Them Enough To Tell Them The Truth .... What Do You Think ? 
Your Gonna Lose That Girl 
Yes Yes Your Gonna Lose That Girl 
OH MAN 
The Moments And Events We Once Had Are Not Gone 
Hit Me Baby One More Time 
Lost In The Thick Fog Of Time 
She Told Me Her Name Was .... BILLIE < PROPFIRST > A She Caused A Scene 
If I Lose Everything In The Fire I'm Sending All My Love To You 
Oh Shit .... I Think I'm Gonna Do It ... I Have To Do It 
With Every Breath That I Am Worth Here On Earth I'm Sendin All My Love To You ... So If You Dare To Second Guess You Can Rest Assured That All My Love Is For You My Beating Heart Belongs To You I Walked For < PROPMALE > Till I Found You 
Throw Up Your Arms Into The Sky .... You And I 
I Drank The Water From The Hurricane And I Set A Fire Just To See The Flame 
If I Lost You In The Fire How Did I Ever Make It Through ? 
I Txt A Postcard Sent To You Did It Go Through ? 
Ground Control To < PROPMALE > Bullshit 
Nobody Likes You Everyone Left You Their All Out Without You Having Fun 
As Of Today 4,346 Soldiers Have Died In The Iraq War Since It Started In March Of 2003 ... hmmm ... Does It Seem Worth It Now ? 
If I Could Find You Now Things Would Get Better We Could Leave This Town And Run Forever 
I need to find a place to hide You never know what could be Waiting outside The accidents that you could find It's like some kind of suicideSo what ails you is what impales you I feel like I've been crucified to be satisfiedI'm a victim of my symptom I am my own worst enemy You're a victim of your symptom You are your own worst enemy Know your enemy 
What Happened To It All ...? 
We Are Fucked Although We Aren't The Same 
When I walk in crowded rooms I feel as if it is my doom I know that I don't belong In that room I see her I see her and she's with him I turn and then I'm gone 
Your Running After Somethung That You'll Never Kill If This What You Want THan Fire At Will 
Is Gonna Die 
When You Are At The End Of The Road And You Lost All Sense Of Control And Your Thoughts Have Taken Their Toll And Your Mind breaks The Spirit Of Your Soul 
Darling You've Got To Let Me Know ... Should I Stay or Should I Go 
Does Anybody Want To Start A War ? 
Nobody wants him He just stares at the world Planning his vengeance That he will soon unfold Now the time is here For his time to spread fear Vengeance from the grave Kills the people he once saved Nobody helps him Now he has his revenge 
It's All Over Coming To A Screeching Halt All Around Me Breaking Into Peices Right Before My Very Eyes ... And For What ? 
I'm looking down at this mess that you've made and I can't believe that I stayed So unhappy for so long Where did I go wrong ? I've got to get out of here my hand is on the handle I'm leaving everything behind Goodbye for a lifetime 
You Don't Know What It Is Like To Listen To Your Fears 
Just Kinda Empty 
Do You Dream To Much ?.... Do You Think What You Need Is A Crutch 
The world is spinning Around and around Out of control again From the 7-11 to the fear of breaking down To send my love a letterbomb And visit me in hell 
Black < PROPFEMALE > of death In my fist I clutch Thorns shred my finger tips And drips toxic blood I'm rotting inside My flesh turns to dust Whisper , “are you dying ? ” in my ear Kiss me one last time Wipe off my sweat Whisper , “are you dying ? ” in my ear 
Nobody helps him now he has his revenge 
All day long I think of things but nothing seems to satisfy Think I'll lose my mind if I don't find something to pacify 
Make a joke and I will sigh and you will laugh and I will cry 
I felt the dead-end price you pay for everyday This is your last night , Suicide kept tight Your gone tonight . 
I'm Comin ..... Straight Outta Compton 
Oh Shit 
Hack Off the Heads Of Little Girls And Put Them On My Wall 
For A Punk Mother Fucker With A Badge And A Gun The Be Beaten On And Thrown We Can Go Toe To Toe In The Middle Of A Cell 
The Death Of Me Will Be The Life Of You 
Its A Love That'll Last Forever Its A Love That Has No Past 
Don't Let Me Down 
Close Your Eyes And I'll Kiss You Tommorow ... I'll Miss You 
Suddenly i'm not half the man i used to be there is a shadow hanging over me 
If Your Lonely You Can Talk To Me 
< PROPFEMALE > People With A Six Gun I Fought The Law And The Law One I Miss My Baby And I Miss My Fun I Fought The Law And The Law Won 
Would You ? 
I Think Its Time To Hatch My Master Plan Fo Sho Man Fo Sho 
Oh My God Fuck This 
So .... Don't Get Yourselves In Trouble Because You Will End Sitting In A Conference on facebook Bored And Alone Again 
Alright I've Decided I'm Putting The Plan Into Effect And Nobody Is Gonna Tell Me Not To 
I Love You .... =) 
DAMN 
Livin Well And Dresses Well But She Looks Like Hell To Me 
I Wanna Jump Out 
This Is The End For Me My Friends ... But Don't Fear It Will Be An End Worthy Of Kings ... Do Not Be Afraid ... Everything Will Be Alright Soon 
Is This Love That I'm Feelin 
Tonight The World Is Mine 
I've Got It Bad , Got It Bad , Got It Bad , I'm Hot For Teacher 
FUUCK IT ... ITS TOTALLY WORTHLESS 
Get Up Stand Up ... Stand Up For Your Right Don't Givve Up Te Fight 
I Know You Know Who You Are Under The Sun 
It's Over For Me Today 
I < PROPMALE > To Run But See I'm Not That Fast 
It's Like Some Kind Of Suicide 
May I Ask Why ? 
But I've Always Loved You In The End ... My Old Friend 
Like I Said ... Fuck It I've Givin Up ... I Will End It Soon 
We Called It < PROPFEMALE > 
The Leads Are Weak , The Leads Are Weak , The Fuckin Leads Are Weak ?.... YOuR WEAK ! 
You Know The Drill 
I don't feel any shame I won't apologize 
Cause Swimming Alone At Sea Is Not The Kind Of Freedom You Actually Want 
Blasphemy Blasphe-you Jesus Christ The blackest Jew 
Strange That Makes Me Smile =) 
This Is Hopeless ... Don't You Think ? 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Favre ... I Love You ? 
Forgetting You But Not The Time 
How You Supposed To Rock N Roll Without Substance Abuse ? 
Nobody Likes You Everyone Left You They're All Out Without You Haveing Fun 
I Hate This Part 
Jesus Fuck That Sucks 
Welcome To The Hotel California 
We'll Share A Shelter Of My Single Bed 
Lets Get Together And Feel Alright 
Run Away From The River To The Street And Find Yourself With Your Face In The Gutter 
I Hate You 
Clowns To The Left Of Me Jokers To The Right Here I Am Stuck In The Middle With You 
Here I Am Back At The Beginning 
WORTHLESS 
Still Fly 
LIKE I SAID 
I've Been Goin Crazy I'm Stuck In Here 
I'm Already Gone 
By the way ... your a bitch 
If I Lose Everything In The Fire ... I'm Sending All My Love To You 
I Hate This 
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA ... Its Still Funny 
I Whispered In Her Ear You Better Fear Me Dear ... For I Am Death 
Close Your Eyes .... Pray For Plagues 
Do you have the time to listen to me whine about nuthin and everything all at once ? 
Chasing Tale And Comitting Hate Crimes 
I Hear The Fear In Your Voice 
Traitors Never Play Hangman 
I Hate Everyone 
I'm Outta Here 
Your Nothing Fucking Special My Friend 
Your Not Shit 
All alone he turns to stone While holding his breath half to death Terrified of whats inside To save his life He crawls like a worm Crawls like a worm from a bird 
I don't believe that everything you've known about me is gone forever And I won't forget the days that we spent . Forever , it haunts me . 
God Damnit 
okay ... i'm going for it like right now i'm just gonna put everything i got into it so i hope your ready 
i always did love you 
Upon This Cursed Earth 
Bite my lip and close my eyes Take me away to paradise I'm so damn bored I'm going blind And I smell like shit 
For The Last Time Take A Good Hard Look 
Whats Life Like Bleeding On The Floor ? 
Is Dead 
Is Fucking Dead 
A Bullet And A Gun Sitting In My Room ?... Dare I 
Another knife in my hands A stain that never comes off the sheets Clean me off I'm so dirty babe It ain't the money and it sure as hell ain't just for the fame It's for the bodies I claim and lose Only goes so far ' til you bury them So deep and down we go 
Fade To Black 
I Feel The Cold Blood Flowing Throuh My Veins The Air Is Getting Thinner I Can't Breathe ... Darkness Comes 
Smokin My Inspiration 
Fuck This 
Is Melting His Face 
I Miss You Not Gonna Lie 
I Love You ... 
Sucks 
would you kill me in my sleep ?... please 
Don't stop if I fall And don't look back Oh baby don't stop Bury me and fade to black 
BTW .... I'm Gonna Fucking Kill You 
So This Is What Its Like To Be Alone 
Fuck It ... I'm Gonna Get Mine 
Every Fucking Day Of My Life 
Shaved 
Pound For Pound Dain Ellis ... Is My Hero 
Anarchy Burger ... Hold The Goverment 
Are You Sick ? 
Theres < PROPFEMALE > Sweepin Up On Desolation Row 
Do It ... Pull The Trigger .. DO IT NOW !!!! 
And for the last night I lie . Could I lie with you ? 
YOU ... Belong ... With ... Me 
These are the last words I'll ever speak And they'll set me free 
Pleased To Meet You ... Won't You Guess My Name ? 
Woof 
Too Much Too Late And Just Not Enough Of This Bleeding Love For Your Dying Wish 
Damn ... Thats All I Can Say ... Damn 
What Do You See In The Dark At Night When The Demons Come ?... I'll Tell You What I See ... 
Go on , take the money and run . 
I deserve better than this . 
Seconds from the end . Whats it gonna be ? Pull the trigger bitch . 
Thats ok , I'd rather my robes didn't smell like a fucking fillet-o-fish all day . 
We can both sing our funeral songs note by note . 
I'm making a difference , \ 
I'm taking a < PROPMALE > . \ 
You can say what you want about me \ 
But no one can tell me I can't 
Dont let the sun go down on me . 
Youve heard me say i love you a thousand times but not once have you ever heard me say im sorry ... 
Sucks Doesn't It ... Being Alone 
Could It Get Worse ... Oh Yeah It Could Get Much Worse ... And It Will ... Its Gonna Be A Long 4 Years 
Helter Skelter 
Fuck You 
It Ends Today 
Can we pretend to leave and then We'll meet again When both our cars collide ? 
You Are Never Comin Home ? 
When I Get To The Bottom I Go Back To The Top Of The Slide Where I Stop And Turn And Go For A Ride Till I Get To The Bottom And I See You Again ... You May Be A Lover But You Ain't No Dancer 
I'm Better Off Alone 
For What You Did To Me And What I Did To You ... You Get What Everyone Else Gets 
Do You Remember Way Way Back You Told Me This Gets Harder ... Well It Did 
Nvm ... Forget I Said Anything 
Wow 
Till The End 
And all the things that you never ever told me And all the smiles that are ever ever .. 
She Dies ... 
Its Over ... That Was Your Only < PROPMALE > 
Turn Off Your Mind Relax And Float Downstream 
=( ) .... 
Fuck It ... So Not Worth It 
I never want to let you down or have you go It's better off this way 
Are You A Sick Fuck Or What ? 
All The Good Girls Go Too Heaven ... All The Bad Girls Come To My House 
I hate the ending myself , But it started with an alright scene 
You Would Be Suprised 
And That My Friends Is What They Call Bogus 
The Hardest Part Is The Awful Things That I've Seen 
I've Been Thinking ... Maybe I'm Better Without You ? 
You come around every now and then Your clothes are different , but you're still the same 
Do You Don't You Want Me To Make You ?... You May Be a Lover But You Ain't No Dancer 
Turn off your mind , relax and float down stream It is not dying It is not dying Lay down all thought Surrender to the void It is shining It is shining 
If It Looks Like I'm Laughing I'm Really Just Asking To leave 
A Drink For The Horror That I'm In ... For The Good Guys And The Bad Guys For The Monsters That I've Been , Cause Ther Ain't No Way That I'm Coming Back Again And ... Through It All How Could You Cry For Me ? 
Welcome To The Nightmare ... 
Son Of A Bitch ... 
How Can There Be Light At The End Of So Much Dark ? 
Come On Baby Light My Fire 
When it's time to live and let die And you can't get another try Something inside this heart has died You're in ruins . 
But I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For 
This Is A Public Service Announcement This Is Only A Test 
I Don't Love You Like I Loved You Yesterday 
If You Say Good-bye Today .... 
Did You Stand To Close To The Fire ... Like A Liar Looking For Forgivenes From The Stone 
Right Now ... They're Building A Coffin Your Size 
I'm Just The Way That The Doctor Made Me 
Tank ? 
Two Wise Men Once Asked Me ... Do You Wanna Fuck With Tank ? 
I Will Miss You My Friend 
Light Up The Darkness 
We See You 
I Perfected The Science Of The Idiot 
< PROPFIRST > Brees ... Is Goin To Disney World 
You Can Tell By The Way I Use My Walk I'm A Womans Man No Time To Talk 
So Baby Tell Me Whats The Deal With Your New Boyfriend ? 
Fuck That Shit Man I Don't Want No Part Of That Scene 
Can Anybody Find Me Someone To Love ? 
Fist Pumpin Like Champs Nigga 
I Wonder If Your Sitting All Alone ... Is Your Boyfriend There ? 
Flying .... Just Like A Kite .... Prolly Even Higher Than A Kite ... I'm Talking Airplanes Man 
I'm Still The Same Not Much Has Changed I Still No Where I Came From 
I Wasn't Asking For The World 
Anybody Want To Be My < PROPFIRST > ? 
If You Want To Be Understood ... Listen 
Gather Round All You Clowns Let Me Hear You Say ... You've Got To Hide Your Love Away 
But When You Think Of Me Do You Fill Your Head With Schemes Better Think Again Cause No One Knows 
Everyone I used to know says they don't know what i've become But I'm still the same Not much has changed I still know where I came from I fell asleep with the lights on And I can see that you're the first one in a long time . That had some faith in me 
Tell Your Boyfriend If He Says He Got Beef That I'm A Vegetarian And I Ain't Fuckin Scared Of Him 
There Is A Fine Line Between Loving You And Hateing You ... And I'm On It 
There Is A Fine Line Between Loving You And Hateing You ... And I'm On It(But I'm Leaning Towards Hate ) 
who knows which is which and who is who ? 
We're Just Two Lost Souls Swimming In A Fish Bowl Year After Year 
We're Just Two Lost Souls Swimming In A Fish Bowl Year After Year ... How I Wish You Were Here 
Did they get you to trade Your heroes for ghosts ? Hot ashes for trees ? Hot air for a cool breeze ? And cold comfort for change ? Did you exchange A walk on part in the war , For a lead role in a cage ? 
Walkin Around Straight ... Straight Trippin 
I shuffle through my mind To see if I can find The words I left behind Was it just a dream That happened long ago ? Oh well ... never mind Well it hasn't been the first time And it sure does drive me mad ' Cos When I say ... 
So Now You Know What It Feels Like To Be An Obsticale In My Way 
I notice everything Like every single rumor That you spread today You're never gonna change Let's set this record straight I know all your dirty secrets That you kept from me This conversation's over 
SHOOTAZ 
Don't point your finger baby this isn't the best time for you to test me . 
I walked into your house this morning I brought the gun from our end table Your blood was strewn across the walls They'll find you on your bathroom floor when I'm done 
< PROPFIRST > my words , were taking over the world 
Alaskan Thunderfuck ... 
I’ve read these stories a thousand times , and now I’ll rewrite them all 
This Is It ... The Last Stand ?... Is This Really How Its Supposed To Be ? 
Beautiful Mistakes ... Something I Know You've Seen Before 
goodbye old friend goodbye goodnight i'll move on you'll call it fate , i'll call it < PROPFEMALE > we had our time , it was fun while it lasted i'll look back , with honor and no regrets i won't be mad , won't feel bad these memories will never leave me don't be sad cause life goes on , life goes on it's getting too late tomorrow is here 
Your joy is my pain . My fingers are yours to cut off And my bones are yours to shatter in pieces . My teeth are yours to pull out And my soul is yours to slowly rip apart . I can't trust anyone I meet . From now on , my chest Feels more like a fist wrapped in blood 
Hey , lie awake and wait out all those days ' til I finally come home chasted , jaded , everything that I hate . I'll be there ... 
Friday motha fuckas ?... oh yeah 
Know , that I kept it for a year . All these times I figured you'd be here 
Get ready , get ready , get ready for this I'm taking out my dagger Just say it , just say it , just say it for me I'm holding it up to your throat are you ready , are you ready , are you ready for this you don't wanna hear it just say it , just say it , just say it again It will tear your soul apart again 
I Won't Forget You , I'm Not Gonna Let You Win 
Good-bye Yellow Brick Road 
I'm < PROPFIRST > Nordschow Motha Fucka ... My Middle Name IS Dank 
That's why they call me Dr. Greenthumb The scientifical , mystical one Growin my crops with the rays of the sun Come one come all and see how it's done If you see the pigs there's no need to run 
I Will Never Falter , I'll Stand My Ground 
I Built This With My Own Two Hands 
Good-bye Was A Long Time Ago ... We Just Didn't Have The Guts To Admit It 
Just Got Slapped In The Face By < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPMALE > 
Because I will live forever We don't belong together I know I'll feel better One day when I can make it through 
Can anybody find me somebody to love ? Each morning I get up I die a little Can barely stand on my feet Take a look in the mirror and cry Lord what you're doing to me I have spent all my years in believing you But I just can't get no relief , 
Damn ... 
I Have Put Myself Here I Am The Culprit 
I'm On The Edge Of The Rooftop Thinking Nobody Will Ever Know Right From The Start I Knew This Day Would Come There's Nowhere Left To Run Such A Pretty Picture , Your Chalk Line On The Ground , I Hope You Die 
Just Sheep In Shephards Clothing 
Your name here <--- 
What Is This That Stands Before Me ... Oh God No . 
I Can't Wake Up 
Everyday - I try and I try and I try - But everybody wants to put me down They say I'm goin ' crazy They say I got a lot of water in my brain Got no common sense I got nobody left to believe 
< PROPFEMALE > Are You Okay ? 
20 bucks says you'll remember me 
I Created a Monster 
You will find me here the place you least expected me to be breaking through your basement window I'm outside your room I can hear you breathe and all the times you laughed you shook my hand and thought I was your friend I was planning your tragic ending 
For Eternity I Lay In Bed In MY Boxers Half Stoned With A Pillow Under My Head . 
Turn Into A Jet , Like A Boss , Bomb The Russians .... Like A Boss 
Have You Ever Rescued A Swan ? 
Keep Runnin Your Mouth 
I Want To Break Free , I've Got To Break Free ... God Knows I Want To Break Free 
Straight people don't know , what you're about They put you down and shut you out You gave to me a new belief And soon the world will love you sweet leaf 
Will I Ever Find Love ? 
If My heart Was Still Alive I Know It Would Surely Break , And My Memories < PROPFEMALE > ft With You There's Nothing More To Say , A Tout < PROPFEMALE > Monde , A Tout Mes Amis Je Vous Aime Je Dois Partir , These Are The Last Words I'll Ever Speak And They'll Set Me Free . 
If The War Inside My Head Won't Take A Day Off I'll Be Dead 
It's when hate turns to love and love to hate Faith to doubt and doubts to faith Now feeling turning your heart into stone Feeling piercing your courageous soul Beyond now , redemption No one's gonna catch you when you fall 
I’ve been swallowed by this wreck that you call your life . I’m damaged from the inside . I’ve been broken . Don’t threaten me with what you think I feel . If you could read my mind you’d be Ashamed I’m sick of your excuses you hold above me . I’ve finally come to terms with what I am . I’m nothing in your eyes , this will not change . I’m living in a dream . 
My Man 
Isn't it about time you drop that zero and get with the hero ? 
These Fucking Guys 
Very superstitious , writing's on the wall , Very superstitious , ladders bout ' to fall , Thirteen month old baby , broke the lookin ' glass Seven years of bad luck , the good things in your past 
A small cloud has fallen The white mist hits the ground My lungs comfort me with joy Vegging on one detail The rest just crowds around My eyes itch of burning red 
Tell Your Boyfriend That I Ain't Fuckin Scared Of Him 
It's getting too late , and it's time to move on . 
Year after year , Running over the same old ground . What have we found ? The same old fears . Wish you were here . 
I'm holding on to a fairytale We're moving forward but we're not there yet I'm holding on to a fairytale We're moving forward , we're moving forward 
CUT ME OUT , OF YOUR LIFE LIKE ITS NOTHING LIKE I'M NOTHING MAKE BELIEVE YOU CAN LOVE THAT IT'S BETTER THAT YOU'RE BETTER Part of me is gone You've taken Part of me is gone You've taken Pieces from me YOU WON'T STOP YOU'LL NEVER CHANGE I WILL SAVE MYSELF 
Aboo ? 
I said I'd never let you go and I never did . I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it . If you didn't have a < PROPMALE > then I never did . You'll always find me right there again . 
Imma be brilliant with my millions Loanin out a billion , I get back a trillion 
This thing called love I just can't handle it This thing called love I must get round to it I ain't ready Crazy little thing called love 
i won't forget you .... 
Is it hard understanding I'm incomplete A life that's so demanding I get so weak I see you lying next to me With words I thought I'd never speak Awake and unafraid Asleep or dead 
To know you is to hate you ... So loving you must be like suicide . I don't mind ... If you don't mind , Hell , I'm not the one that's gonna die 
Bumps and bruises , blunts and Landcruisers Big Poppa smash fools , bash fools Niggaz mad because I know that Cash Rules Everything Around Me , two glock nines Any motherfucker whispering about mines And I'm , Crooklyn's finest You rewind this , Bad Boy's behind this Who Shot Ya ? 
As I grab the glock , put it to your headpiece One in the chamber , the safety is off release Straight at your dome homes , I wanna see cabbage ... I'm Ready To Die and Nobody Can Save Me 
Your Face , My Feet , They Meet , With Stompin I'm Rippin MC's From Tallahasse To Compton . 
Didn't I Tell You Not to Fuck With Me ? 
Priceless 
You Lock The Door And Throw Away The Key Theres Someone In MY Head And Its Not Me . 
Thinks This < PROPMALE > Jens Guy Is A Stallion 
Its awesome being me , you should try it more often 
once again loves being himself 
you know whats on my mind .... kim kardashian is a fucking babe 
You better run like the devil , \ 
\ 
' Cause they're never gonna leave you alone ! \ 
You better hide up in the alley , \ 
' Cause they're never gonna find you a home ! \ 
And as the blood runs down the walls , \ 
You see me creepin ' up these halls . \ 
I been a bad motherfucker\ 
Tell your sister I'm another ! 
Take Your Clothes Off I Say 
Would we last forever ? \ 
You and I together , hand in hand ? \ 
We run away \ 
I'm in for nasty weather\ 
But I'll take whatever you can give \ 
That comes my way , 
Get Dressed Head West And Buy Yourself A Dog California Ain't That Far And I Won't Be Near The Smog . 
when you go , would u have the guts to say ... i don't love you like i loved you yesterday ? 
To this day i'm asking why i still think about you 
This is me taking control of my life ... what the fuck have you done lately ? 
We Rotate Our Tyrants And Call It Self Government 
Why Do You Want Him ? 
Just Doesn't Get Any Easier 
When I was a kid , I thought ... \ 
I wanted all the things that I haven't got . \ 
Oh , but I learned the hardest way . 
Run baby run\ 
Don't ever look back\ 
They'll tear us apart if you give them the chance\ 
Don't sell your heart , don't say we're not meant to be\ 
Run baby run , forever will be\ 
You and me 
Were all dead men now 
Is Goin To Hooters With Edde Vermace 
People shouldn't be afraid of their government .... the government should be afraid of its people 
How You Like Me Now 
< PROPFIRST > Beck Is a Facsist 
Bitches .... what are u gonna do about em . 
You've Got To Be Joking ... 
I knew that was gonna be bad 
Cast my memory back there , Lord , sometimes I'm overcome thinking ' bout \ 
rolling down in the green grass , behind the stadium with you ... \ 
My brown eyed girl \ 
You my , brown eyed girl 
I'm forgetting you , but not that time 
WEll i don't give a shit about the modern age 
I love < PROPFEMALE > , don't ever think i don't . I just absolutely hate the neo-fascists that we have runnig this great country . 
Don't Look Back , It Won't Last Forever . 
Fuckin with B.I.G it ain't safe 
Biggie Smalls passin any test , i'm ready to die 
from the Beretta , putting all the holes in your sweater \ 
The money getter motherfuckers don't have better \ 
Rolex watches and colourful Swatches \ 
I'm digging in pockets , motherfuckers can't stop it 
lock your windows and close your doors 
When the lights , go down , in the city 
Hello , it's me\ 
I've thought about us for a long , long time\ 
Maybe I think too much but something's wrong\ 
There's something here that doesn't last too long\ 
Maybe I shouldn't think of you as mine 
The length I've gone are just long miles\ 
Would they be shorter if I were dead 
Gimme The Loot 
That's when she said I don't hate you boy\ 
I just want to save you while there's still something left to save\ 
That's when I told her I love you girl\ 
But I'm not the answer for the questions that you still have 
It Takes Me Under Once Again ... I DO Hate You 
Dreaming\ 
I am only dreaming\ 
Of another place and time\ 
Where my family's from\ 
Singing\ 
I can hear them singing\ 
When the rain had washed away\ 
All these scattered dreams\ 
Dying\ 
Everyone's reminded\ 
Hearts are washed in misery\ 
Drenched in gasoline\ 
Laughter\ 
There is no more laughter\ 
Songs of yesterday\ 
Now live in the underground 
I'm all busted up , broken bones & nasty cuts\ 
Accidents will happen but this time I cant get up\ 
She comes to check on me making sure I'm on my knees\ 
After all she's the one who put me in this state 
Jesus Christ ... your SUCH a fucking bitch . How did i not see that earlier ? 
I've been burning in water and drowning in flame\ 
To prove you wrong and scare you away\ 
I admit my defeat and want back home\ 
In your heart under the < PROPFEMALE > 
I never want you back , i never want to see you again , stay out of my life FOREVER . Just know this ... you are nothing to me anymore ... just a huge mistake i made earlier in life . Enjoy life without me ... cause i'm going to enjoy it without you 
Its the final countdown doo doo doo doo ... doo dooo dooo dooo ... doo doo dooo doo dooo ... dooo dooo doo doo =P 
Don't you know that i'm the one that understands you been here all along so why can't you see you belong with me ? 
I'm looking down at this mess that you've made\ 
and I can't believe that I stayed\ 
So unhappy for so long\ 
Where did I go wrong ? \ 
I've got to get out of this\ 
my hand is on the handle\ 
We're leaving everything behind\ 
Goodbye for a lifetime 
I am everything you wanted to be 
Tin soldiers and Nixon coming , \ 
We're finally on our own . \ 
This summer I hear the drumming , \ 
Four dead in Ohio . \ 
Gotta get down to it\ 
Soldiers are gunning us down\ 
Should have been done long ago . \ 
What if you knew her\ 
And found her dead on the ground\ 
How can you run when you know ? 
So you think your lonely ?... well my friend , i'm lonely too 
I'm losing all my happiness\ 
The happiness you pinned on me\ 
My loneliness still comforts me\ 
My anger dwells inside of me\ 
I'm taking it all out on you and all the shit you put me through 
I'm not part of your elite\ 
I'm just alright\ 
Class structures waving colors\ 
Bleeding from my throat\ 
Not subservient to you I'm just alright\ 
Down classed by the powers that be\ 
Give me loss of hope\ 
Cast out ... Buried in a hole\ 
Struck down ... forcing me to fall\ 
Destroyed ... giving up the fight\ 
Well I know I'm not alright 
You'll look down on me , \ 
with eyes of endless tragedy . \ 
Try and stop the pain , \ 
but there's never closure . \ 
Find your solace in what you could have been . 
Fall , how can you let it go ? \ 
How can you be this way\ 
I'll never forget \ 
Where I come from , Where I've been\ 
I'll never become you\ 
So how can you expect\ 
me to just close my eyes\ 
And forget your mistakes\ 
Defending you is getting\ 
harder everyday , day ... You'll never let it in\ 
You've lost it all 
THIS WAS MY FATE GIVING IN\ 
TO YOUR LIPS TO YOUR EYES\ 
I SHOULD HAVE\ 
KNOWN IT WOULD COME BACK TO HAUNT ME\ 
CROOKED SMILE A REFLECTION IN YOUR EYES\ 
THAT SHOWS MY WEAKNESS FOR\ 
Beautiful mistakes\ 
Something that I know you've seen before\ 
I'm not the first\ 
SET THE TRAP\ 
I'M FALLING FOR IT EVERY TIME\ 
I can't believe\ 
EVERYONE KNEW FROM THE START\ 
This would come back to haunt me\ 
I CAN'T STAND TO SEE YOU NOW 
I wonder where you are\ 
I wonder if you found your other self\ 
Or are you still somebody else ... You're my disaster\ 
I can't stop chasing you 
Get ready , get ready , get ready for this \ 
I'm taking out my dagger \ 
Just say it , just say it , just say it for me \ 
I'm holding it up to your throat \ 
Are you ready , are you ready , are you ready for this \ 
You don't wanna hear it \ 
Just say it , just say it , just say it again \ 
It will tear your soul apart 
Your a whore nothing more ... sorry that will never change 
Pretend it's not forever\ 
I'll pull myself together\ 
I'll say that I'll forget her\ 
I'll breathe\ 
And I'll say she never hurt me\ 
And look at it as learning\ 
And laugh about the good and the bad\ 
Because I will live forever\ 
We don't belong together\ 
I know I'll feel better\ 
One day when I can make it through 
I was born an american , I shall live as an american , I shall die as an american 
Why can't i just be happy ... content with the things around me ?... maybe its just the way i am ... maybe this just isn't what i want for myself . 
And thats when i realized .... it should of been me 
Finish me off , follow the plan . \ 
Break all the bonds , sever the ties . \ 
And now your mission is complete , \ 
Find and destroy me . \ 
Torturing me , with words from your lips . \ 
Filleting my skin , pulling my teeth . 
I will promise myself I won't care\ 
Distracting myself from your stare\ 
And I've seen this mistake once before\ 
With your games I will never fall for\ 
I've < PROPMALE > up my guns\ 
I won't kill again 
The key to wisdom is this – constant and frequent questioning , for by\ 
doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the\ 
truth 
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it . 
Politics is war without bloodshed , while war is politics with bloodshed . 
The < PROPFIRST > will never be asked if he told the truth . 
Take me back to how i used to be \ 
I'll never close my eyes again \ 
How could I ever forget a place like this ? \ 
Somewhere that i can call my ow ... I won't forget this place 
Always move forward\ 
Going straight will get you nowhere 
Watch yourself , I'm taking over . 
I knew when I first saw you .... \ 
You'd fuck like a whore . 
Thats How We Fuckin Roll 
My roomate is fucking bogus he listens to reggae he's like a plague of locust i wanna slap him in the face with my < PROPMALE > cause i'm my own man 
To my dead and dark dreams ... fuck you 
Your face looks better bleeding ... just sayin 
Standing on the corner of\ 
< PROPMALE > and the Avenue\ 
Ripping up my transfer\ 
And a photograph of you\ 
You're a blur of my dead past and rotting existence\ 
As I stand laughing on the corner of insignificance 
Don't want to have you hangin\ 
Around me like a leech\ 
I think you're just a problem\ 
So stay the hell away from me because I don't believe in you\ 
And I wanna sit here all my life alone\ 
This may sound a little rough but i \ 
Don't wanna fall in love 
< PROPFEMALE > Bedillia is a whore 
What do you do when your foundation falls apart ? I don't know . They don't teach you that in school . 
Hates The Fair 
I Kill Everything I Fuck 
I guess when all was said and done , I was nothing more than a God-damned , trendy-ass poser . 
Mo Money Mo Problems 
You'll never feel the same . 
< PROPFIRST > Reagen Was a Pussy 
I'm still the same , not much has changed , \ 
I still know where I came from . 
I had the greatest faith in fools , \ 
I turned my back and out came the wolves 
Is this really happening ? I swear I’ll never be happy again , and don’t\ 
you dare say we can just be friends . I’m not some boy that you can\ 
sway . \ 
\ 
We knew it’d happen eventually . 
One pill makes you larger\ 
And one pill makes you small\ 
And the ones that mother gives you\ 
Don't do anything at all\ 
Go ask Alice\ 
When she's ten feet tall 
I sold my soul to the open road . \ 
I’ll live my life alone . 
Live for nothing , or die for something .... your call 
The worst part isn't how i feel about you , the worst part is knowing that you'll never feel the same . 
I Declare War 
* Ahem*\ 
Everybody's out to get me . \ 
Any moment could be my last . \ 
This is it , you can take it or leave . \ 
Right or wrong . \ 
I will stand on my own two feet . 
You won’t find me in the same spot\ 
Believe me I could never stop . \ 
My life’s turned upside down . \ 
Meet me out past the train tracks\ 
I'm leaving and not coming back 
This isn't what I remember\ 
Everyone's looking out for just themselves\ 
And need it be I'd be happy to leave\ 
Just be warned , I'll be taking most of you with me\ 
I see straight through\ 
That smile straight through\ 
That painted face\ 
Don't think that I can't tell\ 
Which one of you is against me 
And all the while I say to much of what I think , \ 
And I can't remember what it's like to find meaning in anything , \ 
For the life of me 
OFBUACMKA 
Satan , Lend Me A Dollar 
I'm taking it all out on you and all the shit you put me through\ 
Well no one here , is getting out alive\ 
This time I've really lost my mind and I don't care\ 
So close your eyes\ 
And kiss yourself goodbye\ 
And think about the times you spent and what they've been\ 
To me it's nothing 
I can't beleive you traveled 3,000 < PROPMALE > to find what you want may take you a while in the time it takes me to drink to stay happy when your brother sees me hes screamin at me 
< PROPFIRST > Beck is to Fascists as < PROPFIRST > Hannity is to Liars 
I'm the patron saint of denial\ 
With an angel face and a taste for suicidal , \ 
I'll give you something to cry about . 
Fuck KWWL 
I'll rip that scandalous bitch in two\ 
We'll bring the noise\ 
Try to pretend that I never even knew your name\ 
cause everything you are disgusts me\ 
( Too bad I can't turn back time)\ 
So I wouldn't be here\ 
what I'd give for you to disappear\ 
so tell me girly how's your edge ? 
One day , oppurtunity will knock on your door and you will answer .... and it will ask for directions to my house . 
I’ll be there just to watch you fall , \ 
So don’t push me . I got nothing to lose . 
Clenched fists held above me\ 
You will never bring me to my knees\ 
I'll say ! \ 
I said clenched fists held above me\ 
You'll get what you deserve 
If I could find you now things would get better\ 
We could leave this town and run forever\ 
I know somewhere , somehow we'll be together\ 
Let your waves crash down on me and take me away 
I'll give you somethin to cry about . 
92,000 secret files on the afghan war leaked ... by a guy named bradass87 ... are u fucking kidding me ? 
I fucked up again It's all my fault\ 
so turn me around and face the wall\ 
and read me my rights and tell me I am wrong\ 
until it gets into my thick skull 
Sugar and spice and everything nice wasn't made for only girls\ 
GI < PROPFIRST > in panty hose is making room for the one and only 
i'll be okay right ? 
So when the smoke clears here I am , \ 
Your reject all-American , \ 
Sucking up to your social sect , \ 
Making you a nervous wreck , \ 
To hell and back and hell again I've gone , \ 
You're not my type . 
Get off my back bitch .... you ain't nuthin 
I'm starting the revolution today . I will burn washington to the ground and rebuild however WE see fit .. its our country and its time to take it back ... who's comin with me ? 
Walk on eggshells on my old stomping ground , \ 
Yet there's really no one left , that's hanging around . \ 
Isn't that another familiar face ? \ 
Too drunk to figure out they're fading away . 
Dear ___ ... go be a whore someplace else , not around me . Cause i hate your fucking guts , i can't even stand to look at you anymore . I thought i loved you but it turned out to be a lie . Have a nice life with the rest of the fags your gonna fuck ... i mean date , no i mean fuck . But seriously bitch ... go fuck yourself your dead to me . 
I'm standing alone . just the way i want it 
And all the while I tell my self to just believe , \ 
Cause nobody can give so much , \ 
And never get anything 
You can try to contain me , but you can't stop me . 
It won't be long before you meet your end . \ 
You're nothing more than a passing trend , \ 
You think I wouldn't remember ? \ 
You thought that I would lose faith in myself . \ 
You can spare me the lies . \ 
You don't believe in me . \ 
Your life's a contradiction .... I set the fire , around your lies . \ 
Here's to the man of the hour , \ 
I'll cast all problems aside , \ 
cheers to your future , may they bury you alive ! 
Tell me we'll be okay ? 
Your face arrives again\ 
All hope I had becomes surreal . \ 
But under your cover's more torture than pleasure \ 
And just past your lips there's more anger than laughter \ 
Not now or forever will I ever change you \ 
I know that to go on , I'll break you my habit ... I will save myself 
Say Your Fuckin Prayers . 
I could never go back to the way it used to be before this started . 
I sailed off to sea , i'm not comin back . 
I Can't tell you what it really is , I can only tell you what it feels like and right now theres a steel knife in my windpipe . I Can't breathe but I still fight while I can fight as long as the wrong feels right its like i'm in flight . 
I Will Save Myself . 
And I , leave behind \ 
This hurricane of fucking lies \ 
And I , walked this line \ 
A million and one fucking times \ 
But not this time 
Did you know , that I kept it for a year ? \ 
All these times I figured you'd be here . 
I walked this line \ 
Holy Fuck . 
Fuck Summer 2010 
Your New Jag Is A Fag . 
First time you screamed at me\ 
I should have made you leave\ 
I should have known it could be so much better\ 
I hope you're missing me\ 
I hope I've made you see\ 
That I'm gone forever\ 
And now it's coming clear\ 
That I don't need you here\ 
And in this world around me\ 
I'm glad you disappeared 
Whats happening to me ? 
Fifteen and coming clean for the first time . \ 
I finally figured out myself for the first time . \ 
I found out what it takes to be a man . 
Nobody likes you ... \ 
Everyone left you ... \ 
They're all out without you ... \ 
Having fun ... 
Here's To The Past . 
I notice everything\ 
Like every single rumor\ 
That you spread today\ 
You're never gonna change\ 
Let's set this record straight\ 
I know all your dirty secrets\ 
That you kept from me\ 
This conversation's over , pardon me but ... you shouldn't be so proud . 
Your Fucking Pathetic . 
I will stand on my own two feet . \ 
Just breathe . 
Real Mothafuckin G's 
To the police I'm saying fuck you punk\ 
Reading my rights and shit , it's all junk\ 
Pulling out a silly club , so you stand\ 
With a fake assed badge and a gun in your hand\ 
But take off the gun so you can see what's up\ 
And we'll go at it punk , I'ma fuck you up 
hard everyday , day 
I give it to em straight you cut it with bakin soda . 
My heart thump not from being nervous\ 
Sometimes I'm thinking God made me special here on purpose\ 
So all the while ' til I'm gone make my words important so\ 
If I slip away , if I die today the last thing you remember won't\ 
Be about some apple bottom jeans with the boots with the fur\ 
Baby how I dream of being free since my birth\ 
Cursed but the demons I confronted would disperse\ 
Have you ever heard of some shit so real 
I've got to get away from everyone who's left . 
Within his dreams he sees the life he made\ 
The pain is deep\ 
A silent sleeper you won't hear a peep\ 
The girl he wants don't see no one into \ 
It seems the feelings that she had are through 
And that kind of shit you cant sweep up under no rug you know ? 
So I say goodbye to a town that has ears and eyes\ 
I can hear you whispering as I walk by\ 
Familiar faces smiling back at me and I knew\ 
This would make them change\ 
The only thing that's going to bother me\ 
Is that you'll all call yourselves my friends 
FUCK FOX NEWS : NEO = FASCIST , CONSERVATIVE , IGNORANT , STUPID FUCKHEADS . OR EVIL ? 
Please don't think I'm crazy\ 
I don't want you to understand\ 
My mind is growing hazy\ 
To hell with your helping hand\ 
Why don't you just leave me alone\ 
This conflict is my own\ 
Keep your sources away from me\ 
That's all . 
You'll get what's coming to you\ 
You're blinded by your instincts\ 
I'm not your fucking game\ 
I'm not so easily beat 
All My Fears Have Become Phobias , All My Nightmares Have Become Realitys ... This Is Gonna Be A Problem . 
Your just like everyone else . 
I’m sick of your excuses you hold above me . \ 
I’ve finally come to terms with what I am . \ 
I’m nothing in your eyes , this will not change . \ 
I’m living in a dream . But I guess I’ll play second best , to a world that will never care about you . \ 
You’ll never understand you’re just another pretty face\ 
I can hear your voice of treason from a mile away . \ 
Do the world a favor stop cutting your arms , and slit your throat . 
pappa been smooth since days of underoos . 
You've got nothing better to do\ 
I know why you can't see straight\ 
I thought you were better than this\ 
but you're just like everyone else 
She said I can't take this place\ 
I'm leaving it behind .... Well she said I can't take this town\ 
I'm leaving you tonight 
Your heartbeat soun like Sasquatch feet\ 
Thundering , shaking the concrete\ 
Finish it , stop , when I foil the plot\ 
Neighbors call the cops said they heard mad shots\ 
Saw me in the drop , three in the corner 
COME ON !! 
I knew the time would come \ 
I'd have to pay for my mistakes \ 
I can't blame you for what you're doin ' to me girl \ 
Even tho ' my heart aches \ 
Your dreams have all come true \ 
Just the way you planned them 
Now i know who my friends are . I'm never coming home 
make the best of their worst\ 
and never compromise what you feel is right\ 
I make a point to be powerful when I speak\ 
be the one that gives them nightmares when they sleep\ 
never back down from anyone 
tonight i'm sending you a message\ 
this is the end of an era\ 
the end of second chances\ 
in the face of defeat\ 
i'm winning\ 
yet you still have so much left to say tell me how it feels\ 
to watch the walls of your security crumble\ 
i remember you\ 
you took the easy way out when i gave you something to stand for ... just let me go for now i'll be just fine \ 
i was just another promise that you couldn't keep . 
If I were to punch you in the face , you would have to fight of the strong erge to thank me . Sharks have a week dedicated to me . I am the most interesting man in the world . 
\I love it when you call me Big Poppa \"" 
When I die , fuck it I wanna go to hell\ 
Cause I'm a piece of shit , it ain't hard to fuckin ' tell , I reach my peak , I can't speak , \ 
I'm sick of people lyin ' , I'm sick of bitches hawkin , \ 
matter of fact , I'm sick of talkin . ( Gunshot ) 
I don't wanna live no mo'\ 
Sometimes I hear death knockin at my front do'\ 
I'm livin everyday like a hustle , another drug to juggle ;\ 
another day , another struggle 
1 , 2 FUCK YOU 
Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery ;\ 
None but ourselves can free our minds . \ 
Have no fear for atomic energy , \ 
' Cause none of them can stop the time . \ 
How long shall they kill our prophets , \ 
While we stand aside and look ? Ooh ! \ 
Some say it's just a part of it :\ 
We've got to fulfill the Book .... Won't you help to sing These songs of freedom ? \ 
' Cause all I ever have\ 
Redemption songs 
You betrayed me . So why the fuck do you deserve my compassion and understanding ? I've wasted so much of my life wishing you were here , and for what ? My friends always told me love no ho . I shoulda listened . 
I swear to god i feel like death is fuckin calling me , people at the funeral frontin ' like they miss me . Fuck it i'm glad i'm dead 
I Live For The Funk ... Machine Gun Funk Baby 
If money smell bad than this mothafucka stinkin . 
Well keep this short and sweet so I'll , Get to the point !... My friends come first\ 
That's the bottom line .... get over yourself hoe 
I feel so much better now that your gone forever ... haha just kidding i feel like shit . 
Tell me how it feels to watch the walls of your security crumble . 
I called this right from the start\ 
I turn my back for one second now all I hear is a shot in the dark\ 
use my name like you know me , couldn't have came at a better time\ 
this ends right now . 
Well if you think I'm being harsh , \ 
Well baby keep on counting stars\ 
Cause I hate everyone , 
Sometimes we just need someone to show us something we can't see then we change forever . 
You live your life in the saddest way I've ever seen . \ 
You are the reason i don't believe . \ 
I'm not denying the worth of things unseen , \ 
and this isn't a part of the next big thing . \ 
I'm just dying to show them all that you are . \ 
You are nothing . 
The truth never set me free , so i'll do it myself 
Maybe I shouldn't think of you as mine . 
I think ima start bringin my own toilet paper to school .... original enough for you < PROPMALE > ? 
Whores that call other girls whores that aren't whores , bitches these days mang . 
One of my friends described it best , i'm in love with a BITCH that i can't stand . 
I'm not gonna let you win . 
Boy ... You Got Balls . 
Thinks < PROPFEMALE > Rumberg < PROPFIRST > Horns is gettin pretty sick with the status updates . 
< PROPFIRST > My Words , Were Taking Over The World . 
Motherfucker say your prayers ! 
Pardon me boy , is that the chatanooga choo choo ? 
Nobody gotta know\ 
That I killed yo ass in the mist , bitch 
Shoot Me , Please Just Shoot Me . 
Memories make me want to go back there , \ 
All the memories make me want to go back there\ 
All the memories , how can we make it back there\ 
I want be there again 
Hi I'm < PROPFIRST > Knoxville Welcome to Jackass . 
I want to be there again . 
FUCK Lil < PROPMALE > . 
I’m living in a dream . 
Thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Cook Is a Pussy =P Love You < PROPFIRST > 
I Don't Care . 
Rally to Restore Sanity , Oct . 30th 2010 . Washignton D.C. 
i dont wear cowboy boots i hate the fuckin rodeo horses smell like shit to me i dont fuck anyone in my own bloodline by definition i'm not a redneck and by god i'm not a fucking hick . 
this cycles never ending , and this fashions overdone\ 
and the further that i run away , the further i'll come back\ 
to shelter ... 
one day , you will see it takes its toll on me , toll on me , lie awake and wait out all those days ' til I finally come home \ 
changed and jaded , everything that I hate . \ 
I'll be there . 
So say goodbye to the vows you take\ 
And say goodbye to the life you make\ 
And say goodbye to the heart you break\ 
And all the cyanide you drank . 
The rage and love story of my life . 
This man will stand the test of time . 
I don't wanna wait in vain for your love , Cause if summer is here , I'm still waiting there Winter is here , and I'm still waiting there . 
In this world around me , i'm glad you disappeared . 
It's not over ' till you're underground\ 
It's not over before it's too late\ 
This city's burning\ 
It's not my burden\ 
It's not over before it's too late 
It's not what you got its what you give , it ain't the life you choose its the life you live . 
I love my sisters Lycia < PROPFEMALE > Barrientos , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Kenzie Ann , Jamie Battles , < PROPFEMALE > Knutson . 
But , somehow someway ... i keep coming up with funky-ass shit like every single day . 
Watch your step bitch . 
Do the world a favor , stop cutting your arms and slit your throat . It sure would be helpful . 
Were takin it easy , were takin it slow . 
She's a symbol of resistance and shes holding on my arm like a hand grenade . 
Mothafucka Ima Banka . 
I won't forget you ... i'm sorry what were we talking about ? 
Everybod'ys out to get me .... any moment could be my last . 
This conversation is over . 
I walked into your house this morning . I brought the gun from our end table , \ 
your blood was strewn across the walls , \ 
they'll find you on your bathroom floor when I'm done 
This dirty town is burning down in my dreams , \ 
Lost and found the city bound in my dreams 
With an angel face and a taste for suicidal 
Baby i got a plan , run away fast as you can . 
I guess I’ll play second best , to a world that will never care about you . \ 
You’ll never understand you’re just another pretty face 
rejected by society\ 
treated with impunity\ 
protected by my dignity\ 
i search for reality 
New wave , new phrase ... new wave , new craze . 
This is not the time or place to start this war . 
I just want you to know your the reason I got tested . 
I tryed me best to forgive and forget you . 
Another day another struggle . 
I only mean half of what i don't say . 
You ask me when is it over ?.... OVER ? this isn't over till i say it's over . Back to square one . Come on . 
I CAME TO BRING THE FUCKING PAIN 
Only time will tell , how long you'll keep your legs closed . \ 
I give that bitch another week , before she's on her knees again with one of my friends . 
Fat Mans War Face . 
'' What the fuck you lookin at ? '' nuthin , then get your fuckin face outta my pants , RELAX .... don't tell me to relax don't tell me to fuckin relax ! 
Won't you be my bride ? 
Back to square one . 
You should've killed me when you had the < PROPMALE > . 
You live your life in the saddest way I've ever seen you . You are the reason I don't beleive . Why don't you show them all that you are ?.... you are nothing . 
FUCK Homecoming 
Do It . 
Talk shit , it makes my day . 
Never make a politician < PROPMALE > you a favour\ 
They will always want to control you forever . 
Such a pretty picture , \ 
your chalk line on the ground\ 
i hope you die . 
You know you can't hold me forever\ 
I didn't sign up with you\ 
I'm not a present for your friends to open\ 
This boy's too young to be singing the blues 
To Me Its Nothing . 
Bite my lip and close my eyes\ 
Take me away to paradise\ 
I'm so damn bored , I'm goin ' blind\ 
And loneliness has to suffice\ 
I'm trippin ' away to paradise\ 
Some say quit , or I'll go blind\ 
But it's just a myth 
New Wave , New Phrase .... New Wave , New Craze . 
Could you be loved ? 
Fuck your dollar and your dream . 
Its all worth rageing for . 
Your not worth my time . 
If it keeps on rainin ' , levee's goin ' to break , 
I killed hope , but you buried it . 
So let's play doctor , babe\ 
We'll operate today\ 
Incisions must be made\ 
You could help solve this case\ 
We need a scalpel now\ 
under white lights you lay\ 
We've got to hurry up\ 
Before the flesh decays\ 
Away 
Cryin won't help ya , prayin won't do you no good . 
It's been a long time since I rock-and-rolled\ 
It's been a long time since I did the Stroll 
There's a funny feelin ' goin ' on , I don't think I can hold out long . 
Imagine there's no heaven\ 
It's easy if you try\ 
No hell below us\ 
above us only sky\ 
Imagine all the people \ 
Living for today 
< PROPFIRST > Kolb ? 
This is the life I chose , this is the life I lead , they can never take this from me . 
So here I am it's in my hands\ 
And I'll savor every moment of this\ 
So here I am alive at last\ 
And I'll savor every moment of this 
Much Love 
Do you know your enemy ? 
She's a runaway of the establishment incorporated . \ 
She won't cooperate\ 
She's the last of the American girls 
So I'm packing my bags for the < PROPFEMALE > Mountains \ 
where the spirits go now , \ 
over the hills where the spirits fly . 
Tell me , was he worth it ? 
7 years bad luck . \ 
A never ending gift\ 
from the filth you fucked . 
What shall we name him ? 
And laugh about the good and the bad . \ 
I don't care if you don't care . 
Stroke the fuzzy wall . 
I fucking die just from the thought . 
Somebody crank that shit and turn this room into a circle pit . 
Punk innit ? 
Your joy is my pain . \ 
My fingers are yours to cut off\ 
And my bones are yours to shatter in pieces . \ 
My teeth are yours to pull out\ 
And my soul is yours to slowly rip apart . \ 
I can't trust anyone I meet . \ 
From now on , my chest\ 
Feels more like a fist wrapped in blood . 
If my heart was still alive , i know it would surely break . 
All hope I had becomes surreal\ 
But under your cover's\ 
More torture than pleasure\ 
And just past your lips\ 
There's more anger than laughter\ 
Not now or forever will I ever change you\ 
I know that to go on I'll break you , my habit 
You thought that I would lose faith in myself\ 
You can spare me the lies\ 
You don't believe in me\ 
Your life's a contradiction 
I'll move on\ 
you'll call it fate , i'll call it karma\ 
we had our time , it was fun\ 
while it lasted . \ 
I'll look back , with honor\ 
and no regrets\ 
i won't be mad , won't feel bad\ 
these memories will never leave me\ 
don't be sad . 
Its getting to late , tommorow is here . 
< PROPMALE > Vicious Was Innocent 
Lyin , cheatin , hurtin , that's all you seem to do \ 
Messin ' around , every guy in town One of these days , and it won't be long\ 
You'll look for me , but , baby , I'll be gone Do what you want , I won't take the brunt\ 
It's fadin away , can't feel you anymore\ 
Don't care what you say ' cause I'm goin ' away to stay\ 
Gonna make you pay for that great big hole in my heart This is all I gotta say to ya , woman\ 
Your time is gonna come . 
Been dazed and confused for so long its not true . 
How could I ever trust you ? 
I'm stuck in a coma\ 
Stuck in a never ending sleep\ 
And some day I will wake up\ 
And realize I made up everything , I won't be saved . 
Standing on a hill in my mountain of dreams , \ 
Telling myself it's not as hard as it seems . 
Take too long before I found out\ 
What people mean by down and out . \ 
Spent my money , took my car , \ 
Started tellin ' her friends she ' goin ' be a < PROPFEMALE > 
When i look in the mirror , I see your face . 
I know you can't ever change , but thats ok cause i wouldn't want a whore like you anyway . 
Knoxville .... It Hurt . 
I can't believe everyone knew from the start . This would come back to haunt me . I can't stand to see you now . 
Did they get you to trade\ 
Your heros for ghosts ? \ 
Hot ashes for trees ? \ 
Hot air for a cool breeze ? \ 
Cold comfort for change ? \ 
And did you exchange\ 
A walk on part in the war\ 
For a lead role in a cage ? 
I Never Asked You A God Damn Thing . 
Your Already Dead . 
< PROPFEMALE>' people with a six gun\ 
I fought the law and the law won 
Son of a bitch 
Spent my days with a woman unkind , smoked my stuff and drank all my wine . \ 
Made up my mind to make a new start , going To California with an aching in my heart . Someone told me there's a girl out there with love in her eyes and flowers in her hair . 
There is a way out , but it's an ugly road 
I think we're at that point this is gonna end up killing me , look in the rear view mirror , all you're gonna see is me . 
I'm in decay , i'm okay everything is okay\ 
thinking do or die with a smile , feeling alright\ 
but i just can't think with this being rubbed in my face\ 
tear gas and grenades it's just another day\ 
. 
Did you kill anybody ? '' a few cops '' .... no real people ? 
Corner store robberies and everything in between this life and the next\ 
it'll all explode like kerosene\ 
shots fired bones drop it's all that i see \ 
i'm fucking sick of this town where the hell have you been ? 
You better watch where you step , you could be spreading the epidemic . 
It's not over , until it's over\ 
scrape the streets you motherfucker\ 
meet and greet with the pavement and your teeth . 
FUCK Love 
Just remember the < PROPFEMALE > rule , DON'T be a douche . 
I finally let go . 
So you think you can stop me and spit in my eyes ? 
Running , fucking running , running on no sleep\ 
while i see you quit , i can't say the same for me\ 
harder to kick than you think where a good times still had\ 
i'm glad you're thinking of me\ 
but when you look in the rear view mirror , all you're gonna see is me 
Pull yourself together man 
Count to ten and turn and I won't be around 
Hate is a powerful word .... thats probably why i use it alot . 
Fuck You And Your Fascism 
Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear = GENIOUS 
I swear I slipped right through the cracks in the floor 
ITS THE HASH SLINGING SLASHER !! 
Sunshine , sunshine , it's fine\ 
I feel it in my skin , warming up my mind , \ 
Sometimes you gotta give in to win , \ 
I love the days when it shines , whoa let it shine 
Fuck Skinheads 
You will always be remembered\ 
You will be celebrated\ 
You will never be forgotten\ 
These tears still haven't faded\ 
and our mourning hearts will skip a beat at every single mention\ 
You will not be forgotten 
You're searching for your mind don't know where to start\ 
Can't find the key to fit the lock on your heart\ 
You think you know but you are never quite sure\ 
Your soul is ill but you will not find a cure . \ 
You made me master of the world where you exist\ 
The soul I took from you was not even missed . 
Another dead soldier , lying in the street . 
Take no prisoners 
If you want it you can have it baby , just come and sit by me . 
Raise our voices , raise our flag\ 
Smash the symbols of the life we've had\ 
Long live the future\ 
Long live the scheme\ 
Long live our hopes\ 
Long live the dream\ 
Dance in the streets at the carnival\ 
Celebrate the victory now\ 
Drink the wine from the < PROPMALE > man's cask\ 
This revolution won't be the last .... Viva la revolution ! 
I don't mean to toot my own horn but ... Beep Beep ! 
< PROPFIRST > Favre , 20th greatest NFL player of all time . Need I say more ? 
Rise and rise again until lambs become lions 
Hey < PROPMALE > Swardson , shut the fuck up ... your not funny . 
Did somebody mention boobs ? 
I ain't got a job\ 
there's no work in the city\ 
they always try to blame it on the blacks\ 
When it's really those in power who stab you in the back 
We will never surrender , we will never give in . \ 
We will never turn our backs or let the racists win . \ 
So don't try and tell us , about your fascist state . \ 
Can't you see . we don't need your racial hate . \ 
FUCK YOU AND YOUR FASCISM . 
I my ENTIRE life , i've never met a bigger whore than you , congratulations , your life is now worthless . 
Nazi Cunts 
Fuck Fascism Before It Fucks You 
What a fucking tragedy . 
If the punks are united they will never be divided . 
God can't save you from me 
Your life's gotta really suck \ 
You gotta hustle all day just to make the bucks \ 
To get high enough just to forget about what you've become \ 
You're the one who lives nowhere \ 
You think you're life's more than a game of suits and ladders \ 
When nothing really matters \ 
You're not just fluous , you're superfluous \ 
You don't actually do anything , a human redundancy 
Who would read a 2000-year-old medical journal ? \ 
Techniques for blood-letting \ 
Advice on trichinosis \ 
Would you navigate the globe \ 
With a map of a flat Earth ? \ 
Without DNA testing would you believe virgin birth ? 
Who's the one that makes you happy ? \ 
Or maybe , who's the one always on your mind ? \ 
And who is the reason you're livin ' for ? \ 
Who's the reason for your smile ? \ 
I feel so lonely , yet I know I'm not the only one\ 
To ever feel this way . \ 
I love ya so much that I think I'm goin ' insane 
We're just two lost souls\ 
Swimming in a fish bowl , \ 
Year after year , \ 
Running over the same old ground . \ 
What have we found ? \ 
The same old fears . \ 
Wish you were here . 
signal the firing squad boy , we got us a whily one . 
< PROPFIRST > Beck , i've just about had it with your fake parafascist shit that you call news . 
This is not what I intended\ 
I always swore to you I'd never fall apart\ 
You always thought that I was stronger\ 
I may have failed\ 
But I have loved you from the start 
Fuck It 
I think its time to pick a different team , GO EAGLES ! 
You think you're innocent you've nothing to fear\ 
You don't know me you say but isn't it clear ? \ 
You turn to me in all your worldly greed and pride . \ 
But will you turn to me when it's your turn to die ? 
Far Fuckin Out 
North Korea attacked South Korea today , yup ... were fucked . 
Forget everything just for tonight we'll act like everyone when their alone \ 
Cause I've been waiting for tonight . Let's believe that if we all stand together \ 
We're a force that could shake the whole world \ 
For once I'm doing something right . 
You killed what was left of the good in me\ 
I'm tired so let me be broken\ 
Look down at the mess that's infront of me\ 
No other words may be spoken\ 
And I've got nobody else to blame though I tried\ 
Kept all of my past mistakes down inside\ 
I'll live with regret for my whole life 
I can't live my life always backing down\ 
I gotta do this right , then they can't make a sound\ 
Cause I'm here for nothing , least I can say\ 
I stand for something 
I laid my life on the line \ 
so I expect nothing less from you 
I saw you standing alone\ 
With a sad look on your face\ 
You call him on the phone\ 
Looks like he left you\ 
Without a trace\ 
Tears falling out of your eyes\ 
He's living in a disguise\ 
You've been feeling bad for so long\ 
You wonder if it's right or wrong ... Why Do You Want Him ? 
If I leave bet you'll wish I stayed\ 
Make you regret all the things you said to me\ 
You know that time can't help us now\ 
If I leave I'll move away\ 
And try to right all the wrongs we ever made . 
Still got something left to prove . \ 
It tends to keep things movin . \ 
While everyone around me \ 
says my last days are looming \ 
overhead but just what the hell \ 
do they think they know ? \ 
I keep my head above the water \ 
while they drown in the undertow . 
Cause I'm a piece of shit , it ain't hard to fuckin ' tell\ 
It don't make sense , goin ' to heaven wit the goodie-goodies\ 
Dressed in white , I like black Tims and black hoodies 
If you can't stand the pressure \ 
Stay the fuck out of my way\ 
I know my place\ 
This one goes out to everyone \ 
Who's lied to my face\ 
MY HEART IS FILLED WITH HATE 
You know you shoulda killed that bitch . 
Did you wanna die ? 
Peace Through Vandalism 
Looking back what I have done\ 
There's lots more life to live\ 
At times I feel overwhelmed\ 
I question what I can give\ 
But I don't let it get me down\ 
Or cause me too much sorrow\ 
There's no doubt about who I am\ 
I always have tomorrow 
Lets keep it real here folks . 
Fubar 
Fuck Capitalism . 
Shittiest day ever ... without a doubt . 
Get The Fuck Over It 
Make ... Me ... Laugh . 
I speak the truth , \ 
and everybody else knows it . \ 
So set your ego to the side \ 
and just get the fuck over it !. \ 
Can't waist my time \ 
on hateful people like you . \ 
So keep wishing you were me , \ 
and I'll keep making you have to . 
Lets go < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well you could whore yourself out to 5,000 fat chicks for 50 bucks , or 1,000 really fat chicks for 1,000 bucks 
I don't beleive in me . 
Were Just A Minor Threat . 
I dont wanna hear it . 
Imagine there's no countries\ 
It isn't hard to do\ 
Nothing to kill or die for\ 
And no religion too\ 
Imagine all the people\ 
Living life in peace ... 
Your move holy man ... choose wisely . 
Theres never enough money too feed the poor , but theres always money to fight a war . 
You know that time can't help us now 
Punks Not Dead , I'm Still Here . 
What are we going to do about the USA ? 
Lemme Get a Newport . 
Last name ever , first name greatest . 
I define success as not wor < PROPMALE > ... and i live like a < PROPMALE > . 
Remember when I tried ? \ 
I never strayed too far from you\ 
Forever by your side\ 
No matter what I was going through\ 
But now I never know the things to say to you\ 
That help me prove that I'm still on your side\ 
I never show just what you do to me\ 
Cause I'm what's always wrong 
I thought this was what you wanted ... 
I have a dream , because ive lived a nightmare . 
Nigga i'm too fat I fuck around and catch an asthma attack . 
Dear < PROPMALE > Cooper ... shut the fuck up . thanks brah , much appreciated . 
With all that's passed I can't relate\ 
With myself from day to day\ 
why does everything seem so far away\ 
to me . There's no turning back from here\ 
I've got to get away from everyone who's left\ 
Everyone who's left 
Real men dump outside . 
Its < PROPFIRST > Fucking Light 
Take your time\ 
Try not to forget\ 
We never will\ 
We're just a minor threat 
Does anybody know how to get to poundtown ? 
Theres Always Something There To Remind Me . 
We're not the first , I hope we're not the last\ 
' Cause I know we're all heading for that adult crash\ 
The time is so little , the time belongs to us\ 
Why is everybody in such a fucking rush ? 
At least I can say I stand for something . 
Shut your fucking mouth\ 
I don't care what you say\ 
You keep talking\ 
Talking everyday\ 
First you're telling stories\ 
Then you're telling lies\ 
When the fuck\ 
Are you gonna realize 
When I walk in crowded rooms\ 
I feel as if it is my tomb\ 
I know that I don't belong\ 
In that room I see her\ 
I see her and she's with him\ 
I turn around and then I'm gone 
Do you think you're indestructable\ 
And no one can touch you\ 
Well I think you're disposeable 
Now I dwell on what you remind me of\ 
A sweet young girl who sacrificed her love\ 
As for me ... I am blind without a cause\ 
And now I realize what I have lost 
Catching up on the SLC 
Kick my ass ? Kick my ass !? OOOOOOOO !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas You Little Jerks 
I Don't smoke\ 
I don't drink\ 
I don't fuck\ 
At least I can fucking think 
Just Played Black Ops For Seven Hours ... WOAH . 
We were gonna rule the world baby ... 
I hate this town . 
I've never felt so sober \ 
I've never felt the low that I feel tonight . \ 
What the fuck am I doing ? \ 
I can't tell the difference from wrong and right \ 
I second guess my decisions \ 
cause I haven't been this person in my whole life 
What happened to you ? \ 
You're not the same\ 
Something in your head\ 
Made a violent change\ 
It's in your head\ 
FILLER ... 
Fuck 2010 
Stupid Motherfucker 
I rely on myself just making sure that was clear I'm not in need of your crutches \ 
I face all my fears and I want what I knew I could have \ 
Life is not a monster make the best of what you have \ 
Don't wait just go and when you find yourself please let me know \ 
It's not too late just let go 
This is tip of the hat wag of the finger 
They say , Evil prevails when good men fail to act . What they ought to say is , Evil prevails 
A revolution is impossible without a revolutionary situation ; furthermore , not every revolutionary situation leads to revolution ... Without revolutionary theory there can be no revolutionary movement . 
???? ????????? ???????????????? ????????? 
Now you're looking down the barrel of a gun . Looks like you're not having any fun , You beg for mercy like I give a fuck 
Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable . 
Small Man , Big Mouth . 
I thought I had left it behind\ 
In another fucking time\ 
When boys were boys , girls were girls\ 
And faces were hard to find\ 
It followed me ... 
Never fight out of fear , but never be afraid to fight . 
Sometimes ... good guys don't wear white 
One man with a gun can control 100 without one . 
How do you do ? I don't think that we've met . \ 
My name is < PROPFIRST > and I'm a Minor Threat . 
Break it down motherfucker . 
Slut What The Fuck ? 
Change is the law of life . And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future . 
I'm taking a walk on the yellow brick road . \ 
I only walk where the bricks are made of gold . \ 
My mind and body are the only things that I've sold . \ 
I needed the money cause I'm getting old . \ 
Right ? That's the way it goes isn't it ? Yea ... 
When you go would you have the guts to say I don't love you Like I loved you yesterday ? 
It puts the lotion on its skin or it gets the hose again . 
I'm on my way to the promise land . 
Seen a lot of things in this old world\ 
When I touched them they did nothing , girl\ 
Here I am baby , signed , sealed , delivered , \ 
I'm yours . 
The revolution will be televised . 
They can take our lives , but they can never take our freedom . 
I am so sick of you . 
Forgetting you but not the time . 
Freedom , morality , and the human dignity of the individual consists precisely in this ; that he does good not because he is forced to do so , but because he freely conceives it , wants it , and loves it . 
Everytime I see your face it reminds me of the places we used to go , but all I've got is a photograph and then I realize your not coming back . 
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. 
Hey baby want some < PROPFIRST > West's penis ? 
Is it weird that I'm actually doing homework right now ? 
Do as I say not as I do because\ 
The shit so deep you can't run away\ 
I beg to differ on the contrary\ 
I agree with every word that you say\ 
Talk is cheap and lies are expensive\ 
My wallet's fat and so is my head 
She's a filthy bitch anyway . 
This is it for me . 
And now I wonder about my friend and if he gave all he could give cause he lived his life like I live mine . If you could see inside my head then you would start to understand the things I value in my heart . 
I wish their was a way\ 
To make it all better\ 
I pray for a way\ 
To make you happy\ 
' Cause I'm sick and I'm tired\ 
Of your whining , complaining , pissing and moaning 
I'm a poor boy born in a rut . Some say my manners aint the best . Some of my friends have been in a whole lot of trouble and some say i'm no better than the rest , but tell your momma and your papa sometimes good guys dont wear white . 
BREAK IT DOWN MOTHERFUCKER . 
Sick of being single . 
It's lonely at the top . 
It seems they have all gone BOOM . 
I'm going crazy cause there are things in the streets I don't believe . So we'll pretend it's alright and stay in for the night , what a world . I'll keep you safe here with me . 
You tell me that I make no difference\ 
At least I'm fucking trying\ 
What the fuck have you done ? 
It's the same fucking shit everytime . It always plays out in my head exactly how it does in real life . I'm sick of this , I just want it all to end . Would any of them care if I was gone ... 
Where were you when my walls came falling down ? You tried to hide you stood close by and didn't make a sound . Where were you when it all came back around ? The reasons why you passed me by will always hold you down . Will you even look back when you think of me ? 
I'll live my life alone . 
There are those who look at things the way they are , and ask why ... I dream of things that never were , and ask why 
So you think you're lonely ........ Well my friend I'm lonely too 
If need be I'll be happy to leave just be warned I'll be taking most of you with me . I see straight through that smile , straight through that painted face . 
I am fueled by all forms of failure \ 
I paid the price \ 
So , I'll take what's mine 
Where the fuck have you been ? : The < PROPFIRST > Nordschow story . 
I don't wanna live to be thirty-four I don't wanna die in a nuclear war . 
You better be happy with what you got , you'll never get anymore . 
Nuke The Nazis . 
Were goin to mars dood . 
Mommy ... can I go out and kill tonight ? 
I am not a number . I am a free man . 
Get the ruler out . 
God told me to skin you alive ... 
The Vietcong live next door . 
I Shot < PROPFEMALE > . 
Revolution in Egypt ? 
Egypt , say hello to democracy . 
Revolution in egypt and guess who's not covering it ... thats right ! FOX Network . 
Dear Mr. Obama , please grow a pair and decide what the fuck you are gonna do about egypt before its too late cause idk if you know this but , the entire world is looking at you to take a stand for democracy here , this is the stuff you preach about sir , now that its happening in an oppresice police state will you support it or buckle under like a bureocrat ? 
Work or Riot ? 
After all this time i can still honestly say , your the biggest skank i've ever had the misfortune to know . 
What the hell is going on today ? 
Fuckin A 
Now is the time . 
Thats pretty neat . 
Goodnight , and good fight . 
Guns for the afghan rebels ? 
Jesus was a communist . 
I'm not the only one laughing at your fucking mistakes and I don't really gotta tell you cause you already know . Every waking moment I spend wishing you were dead . \ 
You are beneath me ... I came out on top . 
Did you know that I kept it for 2 years ? All these times I figured you'd be here . 
Fuck < PROPFIRST > Manson , I snatch him out his truck , hit him with a brick and I'm dancin . 
Have faith in me cause there are things that I've seen I don't believe . Cling to what you know and never let go , you should know things aren't always what they seem . 
I fucking love ATTILA . 
Make It Sick . 
The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority , but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane . - < PROPMALE > Aurelius 
Smoke em ' if ya got em ' 
So what the fuck is up now ? 
Feed them to the pigs 
Nobody knows me I'm cold , walk down this road all alone Its nobdys fault but my own . Its the path Ive chosen to go frozen as snow I show no emotion what so ever so . Dont ask me why I have no love for these mofuckin ho's Bloodsuckin succubus what the fuck is up with this Ive tried in this department but I aint had no luck with this . 
I sailed off to sea ... I'm not coming back . 
Blame it on the weather , but I'm a mess\ 
And this February darkness has me hating everyone\ 
And I know I need your comfort , but this drama makes me sick\ 
And the longer I lay here I know it's harder to get up without you 
Gonna be one hell of a day in egypt . 
Better watch it < PROPMALE > boy I'm coming up hot in the rear . 
Seems to me like Hosni Mubarak bought himself a counter-revolution , equipped with molotov cocktails , rocks , and he even bought his own protesters by threatning to take there jobs . The rest are plain clothed police ... son of a bitch . 
Heard < PROPFEMALE > Couric got attacked in Cairo today ... thats pretty rough . 
Uprising = Revolution = Civil War = ? 
< PROPMALE > Cooper , < PROPMALE > Wedeman ... Thank You . 
I don't wear cowboy boots , I hate the fuckin ' rodeo , horses smell like shit to me , and I don't fuck anyone in my own bloodline .... by definition , I'm not a redneck , \ 
and god damnit I ain't a fuckin ' hick . 
Pretend it's not forever , I'll pull myself together , I'll say that I'll forget her , I'll breathe . And I'll say she never hurt me , and look at it as learning , and laugh about the good and the bad . Because I won't live forever we don't belong together , I know I'll feel better , one day when I can make it through . 
I declare I don't care no more I'm burning up and out and growing bored in my smoked out boring room . My hair is shagging in my eyes dragging my feet to hit the streets tonight . I'm not growing up , I'm just burning out and I stepped in line to walk amongst the dead . 
Now it seems I can't keep my mind above you\ 
My brain drifts back to better days we've been through\ 
Like sitting on blacktop of school grounds\ 
The love I bitched about I finally found 
Lets blow the roof off this motherfucker and get loose . 
Slaughter your enemies 
Waited 15 long years to say this , THE < PROPMALE > LOMBARDI TROPHY IS COMING HOME ! 
This Mr. Rodgers Hood Now . 
Now I know who my friends are . 
Who fucking spilled the beer !? 
Moseltof Motherfucker 
These Eyes Will Watch You Die . 
Nobody likes you , everyone left you , they're all out without you having fun . 
Stop searching cause there's no answer just a long ride of disaster , there's no simple way to stop the sadness life's not fair I'm glad it's not , this isn't heaven just a lonely planet on the verge of self-destruction . 
When I was younger , so much younger than today , \ 
I never needed anybody's help in anyway . \ 
But now these days are gone , I'm not so self assured , \ 
Now I find I've changed my mind , I've opened up the doors 
Let me be the first to say , FUCK VALENTINES DAY . 
I carve a path in me that's dark and narrow so you can't follow , I dare you to follow . Trace your hands around my misguided heart and watch the world fall apart . No , nothing matters to me now . 
New emmure album ? I think so ! 
Theres got to be good reason for this dead-end phone call . 
The snow won't go away , My nose runs down my face\ 
No one sees me here , It doesn't even matter\ 
And every step I take , I stay in the same place\ 
I can't begin to start again why can't I just be perfect ? 
Shits about to go down in egypt . 
WHITECHAPEL , Feb . 28th in minneapolis . LETS GO ! 
Lay back I got some money to make mothafucker . 
Facebook , fuck you for selling out and putting all these adds up to make my shit go even slower . 
The needs of the many out weigh the needs of the few . 
The criminal has left the palace . Welcome back Egypt . 
This road is filling up with blood and I never learned how to swim . 
Ain't no feeble bastard . 
This generation won't keep quite , work or riot ? 
You can kill the protester , but you can't kill the protest . 
Hey ! Fuck you 
Last night was intense , well not really intense ... but kind of intense . 
Your dreams are dead . 
Do me a favor , next time you see her . ask the girl what my < PROPMALE > tastes like . 
These tears still haven't faded 
In the white room with black curtains near the station . \ 
Blackroof country , no gold pavements , tired starlings . \ 
Silver horses ran down moonbeams in your dark eyes . \ 
Dawnlight smiles on you leaving , my contentment . 
This is giving up . 
I fucking hate < PROPFEMALE > minaj . Your not a gangster . So shut the fuck up and come back when you've got some real talent ... your fake boobs dont count btw . 
fuck dubstep 
I'm on the edge of the rooftop\ 
Thinking nobody will ever know\ 
I hope that you'd want to be the one to see\ 
The distance from the road 
I still be diggin ' on < PROPFIRST > Brown 
You always get me wrong . 
Thought last night was gonna be lame as fuck . Luckily , I was wrong . 
Do you fucking get it ? 
Shits fucked up . 
With the force of ten thousand wombats , YOU DIE ! 
Your mother sucks cocks in hell . 
I'm not gonna sit here and die ! \ 
I'll follow through again this time . \ 
I'll swallow swords , spit out my pride . \ 
I'll be just fine . \ 
You fill my head with endless lies . \ 
You're killing me , I'm killing time . \ 
I'll be just fine . 
So maybe one day the pain will go away\ 
and I will see your face , \ 
I won't even care . \ 
I'm changing all the locks ' cause I can't change you 
You know its even worse than whats in my head . 
Fuckin ' Bow Down . 
Go right ahead and marry the henchman\ 
And when I show up at your wedding\ 
I'll bring flowers and a shotgun 
Libyan civil war ? 
Fell on the ice and landed on my wrist , wrist popped ... lots of pain . 
These old habits die so hard . 
Later world , smell my ass ! 
Time to nut up or shut up . 
< PROPMALE > , My Man ! 
What man is a man if he does not make the world better . 
Im gonna freak the fuck out if I see another proactiv commercial . 
Its T-shirt time ! 
You know , I'm gonna be alright ... with the money I'm making off of you tonight . 
Your dead to me . 
Hey < PROPFIRST > Huckabee , shut the fuck up , I don't care what you have to say . Stop polluting my commercials with your ignorance towards the feelings off american people . Thank you for your time . 
The Taliban is NOT evil . 
I've come for the woman ... and your head . 
Sodom , Gomorrah , Washington D . C . \ 
Smited into oblivion with blood , wrath , and disease\ 
Sheep in shepherd's clothing ... 
< PROPFIRST > Sheens ' tweaking the fuck out on Piers < PROPFIRST > Tonight . 
While I was walking to my car a preist stopped me and asked me if I was saving myself for marriage , so I threw my prostitute in the trunk and said of course father . Then he opened the trunk and ran off with my prostitute . 
It is therefore ordered that the consent decree entered herein march 15th 2010 , is terminated . 
All the while I say too much of what I think , and I can't remember what its like to find meaning in anything . Everyone i used to know says I'm not what I've become but I'm still the same not much has changed I still know where i cam from . 
You sick sick little moo cow ! 
Upwards of 6,000 people are dead in libya . And the united nations has done nothing but freeze assets , arms embargos , and travel restrictions . People are dying needlessly and the U.N is worried about the gaddafi's traveling .. quite frankly I am disgusted by your lack of initiative . Lets send in some S.E.A.L.S. and blow this motherfuckers brains out . 
Sometimes I wonder if god will ever forgive us for what we've done to each other ... then I look around and I realize , god left this place a long time ago . 
Nothing in this world thats worth having comes easy . 
You got a funny lookin face ! 
Don't tell a man to go to hell unless you intend to send him there . 
I heard what you said about < PROPFEMALE > Portman < PROPFIRST > Huckabee and I just have to tell you shut your fucking mouth ... you are pathetic . 
Alright , I approve the no-fly zone . We cant stand by and watch these people be slaughtered from the air while they have no way to combat it . The time to act is now mr. president . You said you wanted him gone ... so lets do something to speed up the process at least . Do you enjoy spending 4 dollars for gas ? 
Your misery has ended comrade . 
Honestly , I don't give a fuck about what < PROPFIRST > sheen is doing . So stop telling me about it . 
Go to your profile . The top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? my team : Sarah Tappe , < PROPFIRST > Catherine , Savanna Marie , Kursten < PROPFEMALE > Arneson , Taylor < PROPFIRST > Vickerman ..... We're Fucked . 
My computer just asked me if I was smarter than < PROPFIRST > Beiber ... I'd like to think so computer ... I'd like to think so . 
Civilian deaths in predator drone attacks in afghanistan are unacceptable secretary gates and general petraus . sorry isnt good enough . FIX IT , thats your job is it not ? 
Life is not a monster make the best of what you have . 
Let god sort em ' out I always say ! 
So this is how it ends ... 
R.I.P. Notorious B.I.G. 
I see this gas strike thing all over facebook . Shut the fuck up . It's not their fault gas prices go up , they HAVE to go up . If you don't wanna pay 4 dollars for gas than why don't you help try to find an alternative to fossil fuels instead of sitting around making facebook groups about it . Fuckin pathetic . 
Drunk on shadows and lost in life . 
Every playground needs a fatapult . 
Isn't there anything the < PROPFEMALE > core taught you that you can continue here ?... they taught me how to kill japs , I got pretty damn good at it . 
Fuck NATO 
This fuckin day . 
It's like screaming at a wall . 
Sooooo glad I don't live in Japan . 
I'm done wasting my fucking life . On cowards wasting my fucking time . I'm ready to die for my beliefs , I'm ready to kill for my beliefs , are you with me in this fight ? 
I stay bangin ' I stay strapped . 
This shit makes me want to punt babies . 
If deaths coming it best come quick . 
Its t-shirt time folks 
Its no suprise to me I am my own worst enemy . 
Just call me < PROPFEMALE > . 
What's the difference of never knowing at all ? \ 
When every step I take is always too small . \ 
Maybe it's just something I can't admit but lately , \ 
I feel like I don't give a shit . 
I've got a knack for fucking everything up\ 
My temper flies and I get myself all wound up\ 
My fuse is short and my blood pressure is high\ 
I lose control and I get myself all wound up\ 
Tension mounts and I fly off the wall\ 
I self-destruct and I get myself all wound up 
Fuck this town . 
Shut your fucking mouth before I kick your damn teeth in . < PROPFIRST > 8:3 
Sleeps with a loaded handgun under his pillow . What ? Dont you ? 
\The Situation\ " blew at Trump's roast . " 
Fine , Fuck you then . 
Ya think that people woulda had enough of silly love songs , I look around me and I see it isn't so , some people wanna fill the world with silly love songs .... whats wrong with that ? I'd like to know .... cause here I go again . 
Fuck you Gadhafi . Turn up the heat on your ass . 
< PROPMALE > the jewelry store tell em ' make me a grill . 
Girls do what they want , boys do what they can . 
Dear house republicans , shut the fuck up and let the big boys deal with Libya . Da fuck do you know about being cautious ? Werent you and your \president\ " Bush the driving force behind Iraq ? Yeah thats what I though . Its quite time guys .... hush . " 
Get Fucked . 
I don't need this , I don't need you , I have no interest to please or appease you . 
When I watch the movie < PROPFEMALE > I don't think of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I don't think about ancient Egypt . All i think about is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... the last of the great , great stars . R.I.P. Miss < PROPFIRST > . 
This worlds a prison but I swear that it wont be the death of me . 
Who the fuck you gonna call ? 
they're ain't gonna be no just desserts 
Like smokin ' a cactus . 
I'd do anything just to hold you in my arms and try to make you laugh cause somehow I cant put you in the past . I'd do anything just to fall asleep with you . Will you remember me ? Cause I know I wont forget you . 
Ajdabiya , Al-Brega , and Ras-Lanuf all taken back within 48 hours . Good-bye Gadhafi , I'll see you on CNN during your war crimes and crimes against humanity trial . 
Im not afraid to die ... Im afraid to lose the battle . - < PROPMALE > Nabbous 
Obama addresses the nation at 6:30 . Be there or be square . 
House Republians will never be satisfied . Fuck You < PROPFIRST > Boehner . You are a cockroach you pathetic fuck . 
I'm gonna finish what I started . 
No words could ever describe the feeling . The feeling of holding onto your ghost . But if there's just one more thing I could as of you . Just one more request . Please don't ever forget me . Everyday it's getting harder just to turn the < PROPFEMALE > . I keep replaying and reciting those mistakes you made . 
fresher than a mofucka 
Judgment Day . 
Better not fuck around NATO . I know what your doing ... your goin soft on Gadhafi's boys . Lemme tell you if you dont start poundin the shit out of those fuckers like TOMORROW than were takin over . Because we'll do it right ... the goal is to protect civilians , but the way your playin 700 million people could be massacred in benghazi by friday . I suggest you shape the fuck up and get to work . 
Dear CNN , I like you ... I even respect you . But when our president wants to put the CIA in libya covertly and may I remind you covertly means secretly ... I advise you to keep your mouths shut . Freedom of the press only goes so far until we start telling people around the world what our government is doing covertly in other countrys . But I still love you guys . No hard feelings ? 
Here we go ... another year of self hate , pent up aggresion , and severe depression . Bring it on . 
They say we're generation X . I say we're generation fuck you . 
It's become very clear in the past few days ... this is the end . 
Destroy to create . 
Look at my friends and see what they've done . Ask myself why they had to change . I like them better when they were young , now all these times are rearranged . I look down and stand there and cry . Nothing ever will be the same the sun is rising now I ask why ? The clouds now fall and here comes the rain . 
I'm a loser and a user so I don't need no accuser to try and slag me down because I know you're right . You may find out that your selfdoubt means nothing was ever there .... You can't go forcing something if it's just not right . 
In 1928 the french found a mastodon in antartica , then they cooked it and ate it at some dinner in < PROPFIRST > . no joke . 
I'm falling the fuck apart . 
Ideas are bulletproof 
Now you wanna talk about coming clean ? Fuck you . 
Can't feel worse than being alone . 
Thanks for the b-day wishes everybody 
Sick on my birthday ... sa-weet . 
fuckin tornados 
Now we've got ... Armies of peace , armed to the teeth , delivering death to make the world a better place . So celebrate the weapons spending , say a toast to Armageddon . 
Storms comin . 
I am not a role model for your children . 
It's that face and those eyes , I can't escape ' em . It's that mouth and those lies , try not to taste ' em . That's just the way things feel , and the way they'll aways be . 
I hope they tell me how they're gonna reduce the deficit today , i think that would be pretty cool . But i'm almost sure its not gonna happen . 
Good speech Mr president . 
I killed everyone 
Enter the deathcore 
Ugly people kill pretty people 
Never thought I'd make such a big mistake , throw my life away . 
I've gone days without food , I've went weeks without sleep keepin ' this in . 
Im on my own now 
Fuck Prom 
Alright you devil dogs lets take this fucking hill ! 
< PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy saved the world on October 28 , 1962 . 
raped at the gaspump : the plight of the american people 
get ready boys ... hells ' coming to breakfast 
Fuckin NATO 
Yippy-Ki-Yay Mothafucker . 
Gentlemen , prepare to defend yourselves . 
What's the difference between you and me ? I do what I want , and you do what you're told , So listen up and shut the hell up . It's no big deal . And I'll see you in hell . 
R . I . P < PROPMALE > Hetherington . 
Dear Mr. Trump , a stupid republicans ... and a few dumbass democrats . Barack Obama was born in this country , he showed you the proof so start acting like adults and forget about it . It's pathetic to hear a bunch of '' adults '' whine like 5 year olds . Oh and if you could do me a favor , don't let < PROPFEMALE > palin run for president . I don't want the poor girls feelings to get hurt when she gets 0% of the vote . 
I'm the first line of defense against the canadians . 
Hello darkness my old friend , I've come to talk with you again . 
< PROPFIRST > Trump is a fucking idiot . 
FUCK THE POLICE . 
And I've gone past the point of caring , \ 
Some old bed I'll soon be sharing , \ 
And I've got one more silver dollar , \ 
But I'm not gonna let ' em catch me , no\ 
Not gonna let ' em catch the Midnight Rider 
I miss my school ... I miss my friends . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in 2012 . 
Don't Taze Me Bro ! 
There are those who look at things the way they are and ask , why ? I dream of things that never were and ask , why not ? - < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy . 
Where is YOUR birth certificate Mr. Trump ? How can we be so sure that you are in fact a U.S. citizen ? Your fucking scum Trump . Get a life you stupid fuck . 
It has come to my attention that I know more names of towns and provinces in Afghanistan than I do names of towns and counties in my own state of Iowa . You win again Al-Qaeda . 
Heres to the happy couple . 
Utter fucking bollocks . 
Unicorns and glitter ! 
You cheeky fucker ! 
We got the bastard , he is finally dead . April 30th . 2011 . Osama Bin Laden ... is dead . God bless < PROPFEMALE > . 
Justice has been done . 
We shot him in the head ... wait what ? 
Buried at sea ? 
I'm not dead yet . 
Geronimo 
Who the fucks bin laden ? 
We're back baby . And we're here to stay . 
Stewart/Colbert in 2012 
