People reveal who they truly are , if you just pay attention . 

Worried about what will happen 
Happy that things turned out to be fine ! Yay ! 
Only 8 months left ... so much to do 
Found the bridesmaid dresses !!!! 
I am so boring ... I cannot stand it . 
My new drag racing hobby is getting pretty expensive 
I think baseball takes longer to play than Monopoly . 
I am so proud of my students !! They kicked some < PROPMALE > butt on their Reading State Assessments !!! I think that they really didn't want to go to summer school ;) 
Just finished most of the wedding invites thanks to the wonderful maid of honor , < PROPFEMALE > ! Getting more and more done each day !!!! 
Hoping everyone learns their lines by Friday 
Walking into walmart with your stage makeup still on ... interesting experience 
Feeling like I can't keep up with all the wedding details ... why do we do this to ourselves ? 
I am so glad I have such great people around me . They are truly keeping me sane ( or is that possible ? ) . 
I had an awesome bridal shower today !! Thanks guys for making it such a blast 
Hey , working on music for the reception ... any special requests ? 
Wondering if there are going to be any more dress issues , because I don't know how much more I can take . I'm just going to keep praying and hoping . All I can do . 
Got my dress today , and I am super excited that it looks good ! All the issues today have given my a headache , but we got them all figured out . Alll in all , a good day 
Sitting in florida .... having a blast !!! So glad that all the stress is over . Thanks to everyone who came , and esp to everyone who was involved . It turned out better and more beautiful than I ever imagined !! @ 
About ready to ride splash mountain .... whooo hoooo 
Is about ready to burn to a crisp ... but having fun in Disney world 
Back at universal with my cousin ... yay !! 
Sitting on a plane ... could it be anymore boring ??? 
I HATE airports and cars ... basically I hate traveling 
< PROPMALE > is on his way to pick up the car that broke down on our way back ... after all our flights were delayed ... good times , good times 
is digging the tree that decided it wanted to become part of the house . It's just sitting there , on our roof , hanging out . Wow ... we're bad luck 
Can't figure out what bad event will happen next . Bring it on ... or maybe not ... 
So excited that the pictures looked so nice !! 
is bored out of her mind , because the wedding is over and school is out . What am I going to do all day ??? 
It is 87 degrees in the house ... and the air conditioner is broken ... HELP ! I am going to melt ! 
The airconditioner is fixed !!! Whooo hooo 
Sitting on my butt ... kinda boring after all the drama lately . And it's nice to have a husband to deal with evil car rental companies 
Is reading The Other Boleyn Girl .... actually a good read 
Watching Grown ups with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Sitting at home reading ... almost done with a 661 < PROPFEMALE > book ! Whooo hooo 
I am watching the housewives of new jersey .... don't judge me ! :P 
Ahhhh summer . The stiflingly hot weather , the awful mosquitoes ... gotta love it 
Watching < PROPMALE > light fireworks ... the fun part isn't the fireworks , it's seeing if < PROPMALE > loses a hand ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes .... you'd think I actually had friends :) 
Going to start reading Night . < PROPMALE > recommended it 
Not feeling well :( 
< PROPMALE>'s leaving for work ... boo 
Can't sleep ... gotta love late night TV . It's terrible ! 
Wow ... everyone's getting married .... I know that everyone gets married in the summer , but it's still shocking to see the changing last names !! 
Ahhh ... so frustrated and annoyed !! 
Gotta love the Real Housewives of New Jersey !! I am totally addicted . I think I might need some therapy . 
Thinking that school is just around the corner . I can't believe it !! Where did the summer go ?? 
Cut my hair for locks of love !!! Yay !! 
School has officially started !! 
Loving this relaxing weekend !! 
Having a great start to the school !! 
is loving life right now ! 
Hi sikora this is < PROPFEMALE > and I loves you hhah lol ! 
Go < PROPMALE > Gorillas !! Kick butt guys and girls !!!!! 
Working on the 3 day novel contest . Don't think I'm getting very far , lol ! 
Not ready to go back to school tomorrow !! 
Hanging out and having a relaxing weekend ! Gotta love it ! 
Totally jealous that < PROPMALE > is on days off . Oh well , the weekend will be here soon ... I guess . 
AHHH ... I hate cars . The best and worst invention ever !! They aren't worth how much we pay for them ! 
It's finally the weekend !! Whoo hoo ! I get to sit on the couch , and ... uh ... do nothing ? Oh boy ! 
Back pain stinks ! 
Picked up my new < PROPFEMALE > ring ..... finally !! 
Hates Mondays ... especially because < PROPMALE > and I never see each other on Mondays 
Has parent/teacher conferences this week ... 
is sitting and watching movies with my husband ! 
Is wishing it was the weekend 
Had a blast at a middle school dance yesterday !! Gotta love Halloween 
went shopping today ... and feels super guilty about spending money !! 
Really dislikes people sometimes 
is having a good weekend watching movies with her husband 
Working my butt off ... hope I'm accomplishing something 
Is busy reading plays for this year ... Whoo hoo 
Went to see Little Shop of Horrors ... it was amazing !!!! 
Still reading plays ... hopefully I will find a good one !! 
Working on < PROPMALE>'s Christmas present , hope it turns out well 
Why do weekends go so quickly ? 
Is working her butt off to get her Christmas shopping figured out . Why did I decide to make gifts this year ? 
can't wait until Christmas break ! 
Whooo hooo !! I am done grading for the year ! Hooray for Christmas break ... oh wait , I teach public school .... Hooray for WINTER break ! 
Now leaving Colorado .... sad 
Is trying to relax 
is not feeling well .. yuck 
I'm not ready to go back to school tomorrow ... do I sound like a student or what ? 
I just finished 2 books in 2 weeks ! You all know I'm that much of a nerd 
Back pain stinks , and so does cable 
No School Tomorrow ... But students will have school on Friday !! 
Ok , I am finally ready to go back to work/school ... are you ?? 
Why do they have to play the same thing on TV again and again ... news flash , I don't want to watch the same movie I just watched ! 
We need to keep the good weather .... I'm sick of the cold !! 
ahhh .... not the cold again . I'm so ready for the nice warm weather . Well , that and the 3 months of summer vacation that go along with it ;) 
Spring break and finished with parent teacher conferences !!! Whoo hooo 
Just saw \Dirty Rotten Scoundrels\ " in Topeka last night . It was sooo wonderfully done ; they all had wonderful voices ! " 
Went to an auction today ... Derek bought a sword-cane . Why ? 
