feels good man 

didn't win a single poker hand last night . How awful . 
Who's this < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > guy that everyone's talking about ? 
Heavy is good , heavy is reliable . If it doesn't work you can always hit them with it . 
HI , < PROPFIRST > MAYS HERE FOR ... oh wait . 
Managed to switch from Holshouser to Witherspoon . This is good . 
Would you eat a live hamster for $ 1,000,000 ? : Provided that it was cleared for bacteria and disease first . Had to answer this after seeing < PROPFEMALE>'s post . 
has stopped parting his hair 
Sure , why not ? This is a Facebook Experiment . If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and I . When you've finished , post this paragraph into your own status update and you'll be surprised at what people re 
received his spiffy pocket watch in the mail today . It's spiffy . 
Madness , as you know , is like ... gravity . The older you are , the more it affects you . 
Ketchup is a vegetable . 
Blast , I seem to have been stricken with illness early in the semester . 
Just now realized that Monday is Labor Day . 
It would probably suck to grow up if your name is \Batman \"." 
hates roommates who unknowingly DESTROY the entire suite's connection by running crap in the background all day . 
sometimes it just makes me feel a fool discussing my future plans with others . Perhaps I'm just paranoid of what others think of my career path . 
My other two suitemates have locked themselves in their room with the door being locked . I don't even know what to make of this . 
District 9 in a nutshell : < PROPFIRST > the Prawn has no problem befriending the man responsible for murdering his wife/friend/colleague/whatever . That's unforgivably shallow character development . 
Is wondering if that guy is actually going to name his son \Batman \"" 
is eating cereal with a fork . 
thinks there just aren't enough \o\ " s in \ " goolsby\ " to describe how goolsby he is . " 
BK's angry whopper is probably one of the best fast food burgers out there . 
The < PROPFEMALE>'s in the student union smells awful . I mean really , really awful . 
Benchmade is discontinuing the 42 ... this sucks . Well it sucks to me . 
Once upon a time there was an ugly barnacle . He was so ugly that everybody died . The end . 
Nice try , < PROPFEMALE>'s marketing executives . Don't think that we don't know your \new\ " sandwich is just the big bacon classic . " 
Status update . I just wasted your time . 
The past inside the present . Be careful . 
\Does the connection seem really slow to you too ? \ " Why yes it does . I wonder why . * backhand * " 
Displacement lightmaps in the Source engine make me want to harm small children . 
I CAN BREAK THESE CUFFS D:< 
There's a hole in my neighborhood down which of late I can not help but fall ... because there's < PROPFEMALE > at the bottom of it . 
Mmm yes quite ? _ ?? 
The Game . 
Just hooked up an old 1024x768 monitor . Flipped it 90 degrees and now it's next to my 1280x1024 to give me a total of 2048x1024 . Hurray ! 
The principle of sufficient reason is why ignorance is bliss . 
Those who can , do . Those who can but don't want to , teach so others do . 
Just ninja registered all of his classes , all at once , the second registration opened . Bam . 
The third Mad < PROPMALE > film is horrible . I shouldn't still be watching it . 
NO U 
12:50 , press Return 
Intelligence isn't a measurement of memory . 
Nice tunic . They sell man clothes where you buy that ? 
I'll say it again : The principle of sufficient reason is why ignorance is bliss . Nothing can ever be definite without literally understanding everything , only \good enough \"." 
I will not change my profile picture to my favorite pokemon . But if I did , it would totally be Magikarp . 
Aced his regraded course . This is relieving . 
Sparta , as you know , is like madness . All it takes is a little push . 
COME'ERE YOU DEVIL LOG ! 
I think I'll run through my favorite show again tomorrow . 
They say I have long eyelashes . I don't see it . 
The point is , ladies and gentlemen , that greed , for want of a better word , is good . Greed works . Greed clarifies , distills , and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit . 
You know that \mista mista\ " lady ? I think I just killed her . " 
is moderately ill . Get well soon , self . 
It's not a pleasant thing ... to dream about going to Monday classes over a night in which you will wake up to not go to Monday classes . 
I'm astounded how fast some Facebook memes get around . Two completely unrelated friends used the \Facebook Gold\ " image in just a few hours after each other . " 
Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
Splitting headache . Not sure why . 
New Bassnectar EP coming out soon :3 
Really not happy about deciding to write a paper supporting a completely irrational argument ... thought it would be a strong paper ... it's just nigh impossible . 
Worst waiter of all time last night at Wild Wing Cafe . Waiter < PROPMALE > , I was disappoint . 
FLCL on Adult Swim ? It's a 6-episode show , how can it be on AS ? 
I am mentally exhausted after a long night of hard thinking . 
You're all my friends . April fools , I have no friends . ... ... Wait ... 
In about 15 minutes , I'm expecting a flood of happy birthday messages . 
I need a subwoofer . 
Someone supplemented a chalk drawing of a cake on a plate with \The Cake is a Lie ! \ " on a campus brick wall . Really ? REALLY ?!!! " 
LeBron < PROPFIRST > plays basketball . 
My alarm woke me up this morning for class , and I totally forgot that I was supposed to get ready to go when the alarm goes off . I turned it off and went back to sleep for 2 hours :| 
I just had to type out a caption to post a comment on a wall post . What sense does that make . 
I just revised a perfectly stylish essay into an array of incomprehensibly complex sentences because I was told I should by a writing workshop . Now I'm probably going to get a bad grade for the revision . 
It's almost May . It's hot as hell in these dorms . Why haven't they switched to cool air yet ? 
Rest in peace , < PROPMALE > Hahn . It's a shame , truly . Admittedly , we were somewhat distant friends , yet for the time I knew him he still managed to pack one hell of an influential friendship . 
It's 91 degrees outside , and the Witherspoon still has the HEAT running . Unacceptable . 
has a wicked headache and chills . Must have come down with something . 
Ever memorial application I find sucks . I refuse to disgrace < PROPMALE>'s memory with this spammy crap . 
Hello from Thornberry ! 
My cheater ?! No , your is noob ! 
Silent Hill 4 was great because it was weird . Not necessarily scary , just flat-out incomprehensibly weird . 
Have to reinstall W7 . Got screwed on KB971033 and got flagged as non genuine . What a pain . 
Benchmade is supposedly cooking up a new balisong that features IKBS . That essentially means it will feature ball bearings in the pivots . 
So wait ... if Portal 2 is coming to PS3 then ... will PS3 finally have game ? 
Got some new 2.1 speakers today with a 3-year old gift card . Now I can annoy others with my god awful taste in music . 
For the love of god , people . It's spelled \D-O-E-S\ " not \ " dose\ " . How are there still people this stupid . " 
So now that the World Cup is over , that means they can stop playing their vuvuzelas , right ? Right ? Guys ? 
Well , I broke my watch fiddling around with the insides . That's what I get , I suppose . Time to find a replacement . 
Ordered new CPU , RAM , and motherboard today . 
New motherboard seems to be DOA . Turns out it's just the jumper . Fix the jumper , get A SINGLE boot out of it , and it died . Bullshit . 
Boring day . 
Should one apologize if they don't feel they deserve to be forgiven ? 
Greetings from my upgraded PC . What a relief that the replacement motherboard worked this time . 
And I never even wore my fire pants . 
just managed to sit back and observe hallucinations for the entire duration of a sleep paralysis attack . 
sometimes I just wanna copy somebody elses status , word for word , just to see if they'd notice . 
It's extremely discouraging seeing all these people my age , or younger , who have kicked off something great all while I and everyone I know are still mingling around in university courses that have little to no interaction with the rest of the world . 
Does anybody else refer to their hands/arms to determine left and right ? I still do to this day :| 
I managed to induce a full-blown out-of-body experience through sleep paralysis earlier today . It was mind blowing . 
I'm so happy . My Friday test was postponed until Monday so I have nothing to do today . 
Fun fact : Taco < PROPFEMALE > doesn't use \grade D meat\ " . More fun : Apparently \ " grade D\ " doesn't even exist . " 
How many of you would know that it's a friend's birthday if Facebook didn't remind you ? : > 
whomp whomp wubwubwubwub 
Avast ! Antivirus just reminded me that Talk Like a Pirate Day is coming up . That's like 6 kinds of awesome . 
What is that ringing ? Do I have a tumor ? 
It's so dark in the living room at night now , without an LED palm tree on the deck . 
Machete don't text . 
Tofu forget ? _ ? 
Left 4 Dead 2's \The Sacrifice\ " campaign is released tomorrow . There's a trailer on the L4D website right now . " 
Regarding Bassnectar's new EP : Wildstyle . I am disappoint . 
Hate poetry . So much . 
Clever job altering my personal info , Lo . 
Far too tired . Very fun night , good night . 
I've recently discovered the wondrous < PROPFEMALE > of amaretto . 
During the great storm of 1781 , < PROPFIRST > Jameson lost a barrel of his beloved whiskey . He said goodbye to the crew and went in after it . In hindsight , it probably wasn't a good idea . 
I dreamt that there was a Linksys CD that would format a hard drive . As an experiment , my brother put the CD in my head to see if it would format my brain . I became dumb , but found later that the CD actually had no effect because the brain can't read CDs ; I had only succumbed to suggestion . 
Verily , console controllers are such a heinous abomination . How does one get by without the precision of a mouse , handed down by God himself for gamers to enjoy ? 
Well , I completely forgot that my 9AM class was canceled today . 
That was my damn butter . I needed it . I bought a pack of 4 mini sticks in a cardboard box and stuck it in the refrigerator door specifically so mine wouldn't be confused with anyone else's tub . Why . 
Successful egg salad experiment is successful . Yum . 
MY HEAD FEELS LIKE FUR . 
So apparently the word of the day is Puddi Puddi . 
What's that movie where < PROPFIRST > Cera plays a socially awkward teenager ? 
After much procrastination , I am finished with this semester's work . YEAH . 
I'd like to believe that I'm open-minded . 
Funny how people you know who are in completely different circles have a tendency to meet each other at one point or another . 
98% on my ENGL 4104 final . Bam . 
Beetles know this . Beetles are good doctors . 
F&*% YOU , MINECRAFT LAVA . THAT WAS 20 F^%$ING < PROPFEMALE > S I HAD , PLUS MY < PROPFEMALE > SWORD AND PICK AX . That's it . I'm done . 
On second thought , let's not go to Camelot . It is a silly place . 
3 snow days . 
New headphones : Audio Technica ATH-A700s . It's like my ears have died and gone to heaven . 
Datsik and Excision are much , much , MUCH bigger names that I ever thought . Wow . 
... why are there iPod mixing consoles ? 
Unfortunately , there are objectively stupid people . More unfortunately , nobody wants to accept that they are . Even more unfortunately , you could actually be stupid . Most unfortunately , I could be . 
Subwoofers make good footrests . 
OW . THIS SCAMPI IS TOO HOT . 
It just baffles the mind how easily some people get offended . \ 
Stay objectives , guys . 
Back is killing me . That's what I get for sleeping funny on a couch . 
Handegg Cerealbowl 45 is upon us 
fbbanners.org is for people who would rather have a watermark on their profile than figure out the dimensions and upload their own banner photos . Tsk . 
Took apart a monitor for the first time with the intent of replacing the dying backlights . Couldn't figure out how to separate the bulb from the wire . Accidentally snap a wire . Oh well , live and learn . At least I had considered the monitor dead for all intents and purposed a long time ago . 
So < PROPMALE > Bridge's also played < PROPFIRST > Flynn in the original Tron film . HA ! You learn something new every day . 
Valve is releasing an update for Left 4 Dead 2 that will include a community campaign and the remaining 3 campaigns from the L4D1 . There is officially no reason to own L4D1 anymore . 
