I'm tired . 

I hate that I was held back . I was going to get out 2012 now it's 2013 . It stinks . 
Mi abuela es annoying me . 
I am completely burned . I should have wore sunscreen . 
I get to work at the Rib Fest for Project Angel . I get to put tattoos on people . I hope it will be fun doing it again . 
I am glad my baby finished fifth . 
is bored . 
is going to Indiana Beach tomorrow . 
Happy 4th . I may go downtown for fireworks . 
Yesterday I watched Ice Age 3 that was a funny cute movie . Last night my baby won the race and is far ahead in the lead of the championship . This morning I went to church . 
Another boring day . 
I don't like it when it`s Dad's weekend . 
4th place in Chicagoland . Thank u God ! 
I can't wait for Brickyard . I hope < PROPFIRST > wins . :) 
hurt her ankle . 
is going to a race today . 
is going to a race tonight and Brickyard in the morning . 
< PROPFIRST > finished third thank God . That race was boring there was only three yellows so the drivers were spread out so far no one could catch the guy in front of them yet alone the leader . 
tired after watching Spanish kids all day Saturday for Project Angel . Just taking it easy by watching some CSI . 
I finished season 7 . 
can't wait for sweet sixteen ! 
My day was great and I am happy that almost all my classes are near my locker . I like my teachers they are funny . :) 
Enjoying my last day of freedom . 
School wasn't bad but I prefer to stay home . 
Who told Chaz Beck about my Christian Background ? 
is tired . 
is chillin . 
finally finished her homework . 
I hate sinus infections :( 
I hate Mr. Hartnagel . 
Is anyone in or joining Youth Alive Bible Club at school ? 
Back from Bible club . 
goign to a NASCAR Party ! Let's Go Racing Boys ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > won at < PROPFEMALE > ! I was happy to be there :) 
I feel strange inside . I feel clean , warm , and it feels like an electrical current is running through me . I cry and they are tears of joy and not sorrow . 
I haven't lost this feeling yet . It feels stronger . It feels stronger in certain places and around certain people . 
He was found 
Does anyone know someone who looks just like me ? My dad seen a girl at Meijers my age and thought it was me because looked like me and was wearing clothes that I have . 
Watched \This Is It\ " yesterday . I loved it . " 
home from church . 
at home with daddy , abuela , and my bros . 
Hope everyone has a Happy New Year ! May the Lord make 2011 a special year :) 
There are some weird commericals today . First I see a piece of cloth it clips to a bra to cover up , then snaps to go on jeans , and finally ugly jeans made of sweat pants cloth . 
Can't wait to see the nursey kids . I know there will be more than usual but I can't wait to see some new faces :D 
Church was great . But for some reason my phone wasn't working until I left . 
Trailer Trash Name : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Garcia < PROPMALE > B Szmanda Petersen Eads Clooney Stiller Sandler Diesel < PROPMALE > Stallone < PROPMALE > Kanaan Castroneves Depp . 
It must just be me but almost everyday this month is someone's birthday . 
Had fun at the Pacer game . 
Happy 39th Birthday , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! Feliz Cumpleanos ! 
Last day tommorow ! Good luck Seniors ! 
Last day is finally here . Congrats to all the Seniors . 
The Indy race yesterday was fun . I wished Helio pitted soon maybe he won't have lost fuel . 
Good day so far . Went to church and got to drive my go-kart . 
Summer PE online starts . 
Dumb online PE doesn't work . 
Dumb online PE IS STILL NOT WORKING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Now online PE is working . 
< PROPFEMALE > race tomorrow can't wait . Hope < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > wins :) 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
I love kids that aren't mine because I can give them back when I have had it . 
Church today was awesome !! The best sermon I have heard besides the baptism sermon it was great , because it still is Jesus no matter what . It is all about Him all the time . 
Can't wait for the 4th of July , I am going to Victory Field . The best way to celebrate < PROPFEMALE > is watching baseball . 
I loved Toy Story 3 ! It was sad for me because my older brother was a little kid when the first came out and now he has graduated . Just like Toy Story 3 . 
Bored and I hope my daddy gets feeling better . 
Pray for my dad . He is in the hospital because he a gland above his kidney is ripped . So there is internal bleeding . Pray that the bleeding stops on its own . May God bless . 
Church was great and my dad is getting a lot better . Thank God . 
Can't wait to go to JD Byrider race Thursday . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > will be there . 
PE online is crazy . They tell you how to lose weight and they think you are obese . But my BMI is so low they say I am almost underweight . If there is anything I need to work on is my diet . I eat junk food the whole day , drink more than 6 cokes a day , and I have one or two meals daily . 
Two races in one week . That is the life for me . It would have been three but I don't want to watch the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > show live , I want to watch a real race . 
Had fun at the fair . It stinks that I couldn't show < PROPFEMALE > this year because she is a stubborn learner and I have had a busy summer . 
I am still shocked that I seen < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > again . 
If anyone got a link and it said I gave it to you , I didn't . If it says , \is this u in the video ?! u should be ashamed of urself !! \ " and it gives you a link don't open it . It is a virus . " 
I love the sermon today , I may go to FX today , and watching the race from home . Go < PROPFIRST > ! Win the money , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
The Summer FX Kickoff was great ! I loved the motocross ! 
My dad is finally going back to work tomorrow . Pray that his adrenal gland doesn't rip again . He wasn't had permission from the doctor , please pray for my dad . 
I hate going out to the garden because with sweat comes bugs which then equals bug bites . 
I am like a sponge I absorb stuff . \ 
That's my line . \ 
I know , I absorbed it . 
Alright smart mouth now you're gonna pay for it . 
I got my hair cut this time instead of dying it . Now it is shorter with a lot of layers . 
Church was great , the best way to start another week . It is a refresher especially during the school year . 
Final Exam today , Summer PE is finally over until next summer ! 
Leaving for Oklahoma on Friday and will be back on Sunday . 
I think I sweated a few pounds after cutting the grass this morning and grilling . 
Oklahoma tomorrow , I am praying that I can survive the Oklahoma heat . 
Oklahoma today ! 
I am tired after running through an airport in heels and I miss all you guys in Indiana . 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes . I'll be back in Indiana this afternoon . Right now I am in < PROPFIRST > . 
I'm backkkkk . Thank you guys for the birthday wishes , it feels so good to be home . 
Thank you , guys for all the birthday wishes from yesterday . It made it a special birthday . 
I am still tired . So Mom don't call me at 7:20 in the morning ... lol . 
Get to go to the Avon Middle School North tonight with < PROPMALE > . 
I wanna be Your hands and feet . I wanna be Your voice every time I speak . I wanna run to the ones in need , in the name of Jesus . I wanna give my life away , all for Your kingdom's sake . Shine a light in the darkest place , in the name of Jesus . 
You can come as you are with all your broken pieces . And your shameful scars . The pain you hold in your heart , bring it all to Jesus . You can come as you are . 
What if you're right ? He was just another nice guy . What if you're right ? What if it is true ? They say the cross , will only make a fool of you . And what if it is true ? What if he takes his place in history ? With all the prophets and the kings . Who taught us love , and came in peace . But then the story ends . What then ? But what if you're wrong ? 
Going to spend time with Mom and the bros . 
Worshipping at the K tonight was great ! I really learned a lot from the service and I am going to try to apply it into my life . 
My wrist is still hurting ! I still have my wrist wrapped . 
I have < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Kern , < PROPFIRST > Drabyn , < PROPFEMALE > Bonasso , < PROPFIRST > Young , < PROPFEMALE > Jones- Archer , < PROPFEMALE > Rasmussen , Mr. Bouchie , Mr. Frey , and < PROPFEMALE > Hoffman on my Fusion < PROPFEMALE > . 
School tomorrow .... this is going to get interesting . 
Good bye summer freedom see you again later ! No more sleeping in except on Saturday :) 
Two things that will annoy me this school year ; The crazy schedule and freshmen acting like they're seniors . The plus is Biomed is going to be fun since we are talking about forensics and Broadcasting 1 is going to be fun . 
God , I feel like I am losing my mind and it's only the first day . Please help me or I will go nuts ! 
Updated my schedule it's in my notes . It includes my lunch too . 
Here is a CSI puzzle let see if you get it . Say silk 3 times . Now answer this question . What do cows drink ? 
I guess in Biomed I am the forensic geek of the class , I already have a label and it's only day two . 
I have to do a project for the Early Bird , if there is anything you would like to see on the Avon High School news give me some suggestions . I really need some . 
Now I have an idea of what I am going to do for the Early Bird . 
Bucca's tonight with the family ! I love being with family and having Italian . 
I hate the fact that the my aunt's neighbohr tried to get me in trouble and now her son is messing with my little brother . To top it off they go to Kingsway . My number one rule is if you mess with my family you have to deal with me . At this point they have pressed too many buttons . 
I learned a lot at the K this morning . I am not going to put the blame on my family anymore because they did something to me . It all happens for a reason and God knows that reason . 
Does anyone know how to catch a live groundhog ? There is a groundhog destroying the yard and could be living in the crawl space . I don't want to kill it . I want to catch it and drop it off at Eagel Creek or McCloud's Park . 
God is so mysterious because the family that has problems with me was sitting in my kitchen at my dad's house . It is strange that I heard a sermon about forgiving family and my uncle was at my house when I showed up . 
Get to do CALM homework for Chemistry . I got a B on a Geometry Honors Quiz thank God because I only had one night to learn five lessons . I also got an A on my elements quiz and only got one night to study 60 elements . 
No one is giving me permission to do any of my projects for Broadcasting . Everyone else has permission and I have to sit and observe them work . I talk to the teacher and he doesn't give me an answer . 
I got a commercial plan written out . I picked my music for my VO and have an idea of what camera shots I want . All I need is a yes or no . 
I got approval finally . I am making a Kingsway Commercial . This is going to be fun . 
Family picture day = Family fights and craziness . 
Enjoying a caramel apple . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has the fastest car this race ! You boys better watch out or you are going to see Smoke on your tail ! 
Thank you Jesus ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > finally won his first race this season !!!! I love you Atlanta ! 
I dyed my hair one more time this time I went back to a color I didn't have for a long time . Let's just say the color looks fruity . 
Why couldn't my dad learn Spanish ? If he did I probably wouldn't have to think so hard in Spanish 3 . 
I want Sunday to get here soon . 
May go to McCloud's Nature Park again . Last weekend I went and I found snake skin on the trail . 
Nine years later and I still remember I was home sick that day watching the news . 
Video shooting at the K tomorrow morning , hope to great some great shots . 
If anyone can help me get footage of the High-school ministry at the K . I would appreciate it . My footage had a lot of people acting unnatural and off the wall . 
Sorry to walk out on you Quest , my mom's broken pinky toe was really hurting her . I enjoyed watching you guys and I am thinking about joining now . 
After being on an editor for two hours you remember every song or dialogue word for word . 
A mi me gusta escuchar mi musica cuando estoy cansada despues escuela . B < PROPFEMALE > es muy largo porque SRT y Study Hall . 
I can't believe that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > could have won the race if he didn't run out of fuel on the last lap ! 
I need to pull out the pink < PROPMALE > Hardy cowboy boots for tomorrow . GO COLTS ! 
My commercial is finally finished one project down four more to go . Excited about 80's day ! Get to wear my MJ shirt with my fingerless mesh gloves . 
Nerd day tomorrow . Get to show off my inner forensic science nerd . 
This season of Hell's Kitchen is going to be funny ! None of them know what they are doing . 
Homecoming . Tomorrow morning flipping pancakes at the K . Go Avon ! 
Getting ready to go to the K to flip pancakes . 
Had fun at the Heritage Festival with my mom . 
Great message at the K this morning . 
I am not liking the cold autumn wind . 
No school tomorrow ! Thank you Jesus ! 
Friday ! I am thinking of having a movie night . 
I love Half Price Books ! Yesterday I found a CSI book with the evidence inside and the whole book is a mystery that you have to solve . It had letters inside , pictures , and a blueprint of the crime scene . 
The sermon about relationships was great . 
Sorry Quest , I have to spend some time with my dad . Maybe next Sunday . 
I wonder if scene hair will look good or bad on me . 
Now I have scene hair and it doesn't look bad at all . 
Thanks to everyone who said something nice about my new haircut . 
Two Broadcasting projects down , three more to go . 
Weekend finally ! 
The church sermon was so inspirational , I am ready to make a bigger difference . Sorry to Quest , most likely I won't be there since it is Dad's afternoon . Next Sunday I should be there since that is Mom's afternoon . 
Thank you Jesus ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > won and this race was one he hasn't! 
Whoever started the rumor about me all I can say is it isn't true and God will give me justice ! You will see ! 
PSAT tomorrow , I hope it is easy . 
I can't believe that three years ago I was baptized at Kingsway , it feels like that was just yesterday . 
Tomorrow is a B-Day and Friday . Thank God because that is my lazy day . 
The weekend is finally here ! 
If you are dressing for Halloween I would like to know for a project on most popular Halloween costume . 
We are therefore Christ's ambassadors , as though God were making his appeal through us . We implore you on Christ's behalf : Be reconciled to God . \ 
2 Corinthians 5:20 
I really want Wednesday to get here right now . 
Who do you think you are ? < PROPMALE > ? 
I think I am going to pull out my seasons 1-8 of CSI and watch all of them again . 
Don't watch a movie about Revelation before going to bed . I learned it the hard way last night . 
Fall Break and I finished my Halloween project and have started editing project 4 . Thank you , Lord ! 
I need a computer expert to tell me how to convert a DVD file to a AVI file or any file compatible to Youtube or Facebook . 
Hopefully I can get some extra Z's so I can work on the Nicaragua Prezi . 
I hate cramps in my neck . I can't even turn head or grab something with my left hand without feeling a stabbing pain in my neck . 
Thinking about going Geocaching . There is a box nearby my house . 
Since I am < PROPFIRST > Pan for Halloween . I need some suggestions on my makeup . The costume I made , is green and has some brown . I have a red feather on the green hat and I will have pointed ears . Since I am feminizing < PROPFIRST > Pan I need suggestions on my eye makeup . I am addicted to eye makeup so I have all different colors of eyeshadow and eyeliners . 
Now the pain in my neck has went to the left side of my back . 
Thank God for heating pads . Finally I can do something besides watch CSI and take naps . 
Church was eye-opening . I felt like I was going to start crying when he showed his example and 70 kids walked away and only 30 kids were left standing . If the world is becoming that I am scared for the future kids . 
Mid-term is good . All A's and B's . 
My Halloween package was aired , hopefully AHS liked it . Hope it isn't this cold Sunday because < PROPFIRST > Pan wears green tights . 
Going to watch Heavyweights ! One of my favorite comedies , < PROPMALE > Stiller is so funny as a youth fitness trainer ... haha . 
Off to Neverland tomorrow ! 
Church was good . Mainly focused on parents raising their kids . 
Finished my laptop story . Now I need to make a \Slow Fade\ " music video . " 
Has anyone read the book \23 Minutes in Hell\ " by < PROPMALE > Wiese ? " 
People never crumble in a day , daddies never crumble in a day , families never crumble in a day . 
After learning more information about Day of the Dead in Spanish class , it makes me ashamed of being part Mexican and having my last name . 
Tired and my body isn't liking this cold Indiana weather . 
Celebrating my dad's birthday . We watched Toy Story 3 ... lol . 
Enjoyed seeing my favorite uncle . Pray that the nursey talkers don't drive me up the wall on Sunday . 
Kingsway Talkers are the most behaved toddlers I have seen . Can't wait to see them next Sunday . Church sermon was great too . 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > get into a chick fight ... lol . Looks like the < PROPFIRST > Springer show on NASCAR .. LOL . ( They said < PROPMALE > was the fighter .. haha . ) 
Come on Colts ! I don't want to see the dog beater's team to win ! 
Relaxing . Thank God for TV and junkfood after a long day of school :) 
Finished my music video . Now I need to start collecting Christmas music . If you love Christmas music tell me some of your favorites . I am making an audio mix so I will need a lot of different songs :) 
PLAN test tomorrow ! 
Thank you to all men and women who served to protect our freedom . May God bless you and < PROPFEMALE > . 
You must be a Hoosier if vacation means going to Indiana Beach or Holiday World , you've had to switch from heat to A/C in the same day , and you know several people who have hit a deer . 
You must be a Hoosier if the biggest question in your youth was IU or Purdue , you can see two basketball hoops from your yard , and you know all four seasons : almost winter , winter , still winter , and construction . 
Ready to see the little toddlers :) 
When you switch your pit team because they were bad , one race shouldn't be allowed . I don't care if your name is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , that is cheating ! I pray to see < PROPMALE > win just to teach the 48 crew chief and < PROPMALE > a lesson . 
Did you change your hair color ? \ 
No , little kids spilled their grape Kool-Aid on my hair . 
I don't know if I should do my English paper on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > or < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
After five years of wearing makeup it finally has bit me . Doctor says no makeup until the itchy blisters on my eyelids are gone . First time in five years going into a public place with no makeup , I felt nake and strange without my eyeshadows and eyeliners :( 
My English paper is going to be so easy ! I am writing about the Bad Boy of NASCAR , the most caring person I know , and a true Hoosier hero . Love you , Smoke ! 
I can't wait for Sunday race in Homestead ! < PROPFIRST > 15 points ahead of < PROPFIRST > going into Homestead . This is going to be the most heated last race of the season ! Hope to see a driver stop < PROPFIRST > from winning his fifth championship in a row . 
I got a < PROPFEMALE > Beauty book at Half Price Books . I was so happy to see that I wasn't the only white looking < PROPFEMALE > . One had blonde hair and blue eyes ! 
Watch some House and take get Christmas shots of show of my Christmas things . I am getting a shot of my dancing Feliz Navivad chihuahua that has maracas . 
Going to see my sweet Aunt Phyl and then maybe go get some clip-in hair extensions . 
Did anyone from Mrs. Eckert's biomed class get the tissue crossword puzzle done ? 
Nursey duty , then hear the sermon , and maybe Quest since it has been a long time . 
Sorry Quest that I haven't been able to show up . It seems like something always happens . My mom's car or my dad wants me with him . 
The Desert < PROPFEMALE > is ready to make her sweets :) 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Enjoy spending time with your family and friends and remember to thank the Lord for blessing you with them and everything He has given you . 
Getting ready to do a little Black Friday shopping . I better get some football pads ! 
I hate getting a cold I have had it since Monday and my throat is so sore I could barely talk this morning :( 
Sinus infection and cold :( Thanks to the cold Indiana rain on Wednesday . 
Wrapping gifts and staying inside is my whole Sunday . 
I feel a lot better today ! It was hard in Broadcasting to run the teleprompter because the script was in < PROPMALE > !!! 
Can-sorting at Project ANGEL warehouse ! 
Tired and I am tired of talking about diets in Biomed and I am tired of talking about preventing diabetes . It's in the family and I can't prevent it is mother nature , sorry . 
Hope it snows some more so I can get some good shots for my Christmas package ! 
I am not a vampire and I don't have < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > skin either !!!! The words from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > \Just Leave Me Alone \"!" 
Going to get my shots for school :( 
Three shots , and the arm they gave me one shot hurts more than the arm they gave me two shots . How does that happen ? 
I couldn't believe when I opened my blinds how much snow was outside and it lit up my whole room ! 
Why do some people have to be two faced ? If you have nothing nice to say about me than don't request me or ask me to be your friend , the lies will always find the truth . 
Psalm 139:13 -14\ 
13 For you created my inmost being ; \ 
you knit me together in my mother’s womb . \ 
14 I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made ; \ 
your works are wonderful , \ 
I know that full well . 
I am thinking about sharing my makeup tricks . What do you think ? 
Please pray for my brother and my family . We are struggling trying to prove to the court system that my brother has Asperger's so he can get disability and until we can prove it he can't go to school or get a job . 
God will take care of you\ 
Through everyday , o'er all the way\ 
He will care for you\ 
God will take care of you . \ 
- Plumb 
I wanna be Your hands and feet\ 
I wanna be Your voice every time I speak\ 
I wanna run to the one's in need , in the name of Jesus\ 
I wanna give my life away , all for Your kingdom's sake\ 
Shine a light in the darkest place , in the name of Jesus\ 
- Fee 
?????? ??? ???, ?? ???? 
Had a hard day . 
God give me strength . 
Going to the K soon . 
The sermon today was very touching and came at the perfect time . I will trust in Jehovah-Jireh to keep me safe and give me justice that I deserve . Jehovah-Jireh : \The Lord will see to it . \"" 
Have to go shovel some snow ! 
What is the purpose of a 2 hour delay when your grandma wakes you up ? You tell her there is a 2 hour delay and you have an alarm , but no . She has to wake you up . 
Thank you God for all the friends and family , that You have given me . You have sent me angels to support me through the toughest times and I am so thankful . 
God has to be testing me for some reason . He must have bigger things for me to do and this is preparing me for it . 
Eat too many cinnamon buns at the Garcia's , Grandma is ready to back slap you ! 
I hope Avon liked my Christmas Special . 
Winter Break is here and I am ready to pop open a bottle of sparkling apple cider :) 
Hope I don't slip on ice and the GPS works . 
I feel beat ! I need to finish some shopping before I can go take a nap or watch Despicable Me . 
Finally got to watch Despicable Me and < PROPFEMALE > is so cute !!! :) 
Had a fun time at church and I am so happy my little brother finally came with us . 
Bored ! Brothers take the game systems and Grandma is taking over the TV . So I have to watch western movies and < PROPMALE > Hinn :( 
Now the dictator is home . 
Tuesday get here soon , so I can go to my mom's house . 
May go snowboarding later today . 
Went snowboarding , shoveled the driveway , made a snowman , and threw snowballs at the noisy dogs next door . They stopped barking after one went in their mouth ... LOL . 
Best Christmas Carols\ 
Schizophrenia- Do You Hear What I Hear ? \ 
Dementia- I Think I'll be Home for Christmas \ 
Paranoid- < PROPFEMALE > Claus is Coming to Get me \ 
Narcissistic- Hark the Herald Angels Sing About Me \ 
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder- Jingle Bells , Jingle Bells , Jingle Bells , Jingle Bells , Jingle Bells , Jingle Bells , Jingle Bells , Jingle Bells , Jingle Bells ... 
Lipstick , gloss , and eyeshadow ? 
Hope everyone has a great Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , I can't wait to go unwrap a gift and go to the 6:30 service today . 
Now I can go to the 5:00 service ! 
Happy Birthday , Jesus ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone !! Thank you , Father for sending us your Son , the greatest Christmas gift of all !!!! 
Sick with salmonella food poisoning , that means CSI season 9 marathon . 
CSI isn't the same without < PROPMALE > , I don't like Langston as his replacement . The man wore a suit and tie to an arson case and he couldn't collect clear fingerprints off a door knob . 
< PROPFEMALE > has class tonight ! This can get interesting ... 
Just found out that I am training < PROPFEMALE > tonight at Speck's . 
My Corgi was wanting my mom and the dog needs to lose 8lbs or she will have back issues because she is a dwarf dog . 
I have official watched 200 different episodes of CSI . 
Blunt force trama caused by a bird of prey who mistaken a bald head with a rock and drops a turtle on his head . How does CSI writers come up with this stuff ? 
Thanks to Kingsway's time change more people will be going to 9:30 , that means more than ten 18-24 month old toddlers at nursey . Lord , give me strength . 
Did anyone feel the earthquake this morning ? 
Spending the last day of 2010 with my mom and I can't wait to see the nursey kids on Sunday . 
Don't copy the behavior and customs of this world , but let God transform you into a new person by changing the way you think . Then you will learn to God's will for you , which is good and pleasing and perfect . -Romans 12:2 
I am tired and have some biomed to still do . 
Why can't feedback mechanism of adrenaline information be in clear English ? 
\Yoda looks like a green smurf\ " - < PROPMALE > Garcia " 
Prezi finally added font and color choices ! 
Looks dangerous . You go first ! 
Thanks to all the January birthdays I get cake this week and the following week :) 
Please pray for the Schanz family . There are three kids now without a dad . His passing was very unexpected . 
Getting ready to go to Wings Etc . 
Got to love Garçon and Vinatieri ? 
All athletes are disciplined in their training . They do it to win a prize that will fade away , but we do it for an eternal prize . - 1 Corinthians 9:25 
The hardest video to edit is one that isn't a language you know . If anyone knows what music Germans in Germany listen to please advise . 
\ I will shove my foundation brush in her mouth !!! \"" 
Got to love dads . Mine forgets to pick me up because he was playing Xbox , yet he remembers I put something red in the white clothes pile by accident this morning . 
Since there's a two hour delay and I can't go back to sleep , I guess I will do CALM . 
One final yesterday . One final today . Three more tomorrow . 
I think I literally scared a bird to death this morning . 
CALM is driving me nuts !!!! 
Can't wait to strip the red out of my hair ! 
No school tomorrow = naps+TV+Internet+videogames 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Dye 
Who knew that a sinus infection can make sleeping at night so difficult ? You try to breathe through your nose and that doesn't work and when you try to breathe through your mouth and you choke . 
< PROPFEMALE > May mint meltaways are my best friend :) 
Revenge of the Nerds , calzone , and I found a Pikachu shirt ! Pretty good day . 
I feel like I have been tricked on Family Feud ! 
Church was great but I got some bad news this morning before going . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was arrested in < PROPFIRST > for hitting a man with a helmet and punching him . < PROPFIRST > was just released but charges are still pending . 
At the mall , the cheerleaders gave me the look down . The only store they didn't want to go in was Hot Topic and Field of Dreams . 
I hope the c o-o wner at < PROPFIRST > Raceway doesn't want to charge < PROPFIRST > or he will be pulled out to go to court in Australia during the NASCAR season :( 
It happens in a blink , it happens in a flash\ 
It happens in the time it took to look back\ 
I try to hold on tight , but there's no stopping time\ 
What is that I've done with my life ? - Blink by Revive 
Who will love me for me\ 
Not for what I have done or what I will become \ 
- What Love Really Means by J.J Heller 
Child Development is going to be a little interesting . Thank God I have experience with toddlers , thank you Kingsway Nursey . 
Some people at dog class said my dog < PROPFEMALE > looks like Yoda because she is small and has big ears ... LOL . 
All A's and two B's!!! I can't believe I passed Chemistry with an A :) 
Everyone who has kept poking me isn't going to win the poke war !!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has to have Wolverine self healing powers or reporters are so dumb that they don't know what a black eye looks like . 
I can't believe my little brother is 14 !!! 
I believe Mexicans and Italians have to be distant cousins . We love big families , food , red , green , we kind of look a like , our language is similar , and we have bold personalities :) 
We can rejoice , too , when we run into problems and trials , for we know that they help us develop endurance . And endurance develops strength of character , and character strengthens our confident hope of salvation . -Romans 5:3 -4 
Today has been a pretty good day . I have learned a lot of new things that I am going to use in my everyday life . 
You can take racing from the girl , but you can't take racing out of the girl . 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . The important thing is not to stop questioning . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't , than live my life as if there isn't and die to find out there is . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Camus 
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea . \ 
-Honore de Balzac 
My Big Redneck Wedding on CMT !!!! HAHA 
\You want to be on Top . \ " -ANTM " 
It has been a good day . Got my hair done and a red flat iron :D 
After checking the calendar , thank God there is no Quest when I have my baby boy for Child Development . 
A woman has to be intelligent , have charm , a sense of humor , and be kind . It's the same qualities I require from a man . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Deneuve 
For you NASCAR fans , no trading paint !!! \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Carr 
I had a great time at Quest :) 
Snow Day = Extra sleep , videogames , and TV . 
The friend is the man who knows all about you , and still likes you . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Hubbard 
Made it home in one piece , thank God . When I was outside I felt like Mother Nature was throwing rocks at me . 
USB plasma ball !!! A gift from my mom :) 
I can't believe I got an email from Grace College . 
I do not give up without a fight . 
No School again !!! Hope to go on Friday . 
Dreams are today's answers to tomorrow's questions . ~ Edgar Cayce 
Your past experiences is like a key , in the future it will open doors in your life . 
Why is it so hard to find information on child seat safety ? 
I hope I don't pull off an Axl Heck this weekend . 
If it works for you , do it . If its how you feel , act it . Just be yourself , and if being yourself means you`re being cocky once in a while , have at it . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Chazown.com is an awesome Christian learning experience :) I recommend it to all Christians . 
Homework and baby . 
30 minutes of feeding and one diaper change . So far I doing pretty good . 
This baby has had more diaper changes and less feedings !!! 
Watching Look Who's Talking and feeding little < PROPFIRST > :) 
I did pretty good last night . I got some sleep and he didn't make too much noise . 
Come on people ! There are more than 30 people who play Family Feud and only two people post Fast Money on their wall !!! 
I have gotten a lot of stares . I wonder what kind of stares I will get at 12:30 service at the K . 
Wish me luck at church that the baby doesn't scream . 
At Kroger's\ 
Elder Lady-\ Let me see 
Watch out Feud players , < PROPFIRST > Garcia I moving to the top ! :) 
I can't believe what kind of day I have had today . I was up all night with the baby doll and in Chemistry I broke the crucible which then caught a paper on fire . 
It's official . I have natural mothering skills according to my A+ on the baby :) \ 
Take that lady at Speck's ... haha . 
The Shootout is Saturday ! Win it Smoke !!! 
There is no way that the Vulcan sign is genetic . If that was the case my mom should be able to do it and looking at the history of the gesture . It's from the Jewish faith . 
Why do you want to marry me for anyhow ? \ 
So I can kiss you anytime I want <3 
To all the < PROPMALE > haters , you better watch out . I have a feeling a < PROPMALE > Haas Racing will win the Shootout . 
Enjoying my chocolate covered fortune cookies :D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is starting 2nd in the Shootout ! 
\I sit here and wonder if you'll ever understand just how much of me belongs to you . \"" 
I finally find out what the next step is in my life . < PROPFIRST > and I had a great time at Quest :) 
No , no me gusta la clase de español tres . Este es mi último año de español . 
I can't believe how many college letters I am getting in the mail . Some of the colleges are out of state . 
I went to say , \How are you ? \ " to my brother and it came out \ " How you ? \ " with a British accent .... haha . I had a < PROPFEMALE > Spears moment :D " 
How can scene girls get their hair to be so spiky ? I use flat iron , hair paste , teasing , and tons of hairspray . Plus my hair is thick . 
At school , 1 Kings 3:16 -28 was read and started today's lesson in class :) 
To Kill a Mockingbird is killing me . 
Watching Daredevil :) 
I can't believe it but a man is going to jail for 20 years because he killed a tree . 
This is going to be a good weekend . Three days off and a NASCAR race on Sunday :) 
Only race on days that end in \Y \"." 
Went to a Mexican flea market . It was pretty fun and I got some Mexican < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPMALE > Busch , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > are going down !!! 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > Busch wrecked ..... LOL 
Today I have seen God move . I watched a young Christian racer who had nothing , win the biggest race of a racer's career and he gave all the < PROPFEMALE > to God in victory < PROPFIRST > . I learned from church and Quest , that faith without action is dead . Saying I am going to jump isn't faith , making the jump is faith . 
Relaxing :) 
Why a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > fan ? I may never know . 
If you think the last 4 words of the national anthem are gentlemen , start your engines , you might be a redneck . – < PROPMALE > Foxworthy . 
How does a skunk get inside AHS ? I have no idea . 
Friday , where are you ? 
In racing , I wanted to be a winner and to be a winner , you have to be willing to roll the dice . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Rahal 
Pacer game on floor level ! :) 
I had a fun time watching the game but I was surrounded by Jazz fans . 
Goodbye red hair and welcome back dark brown :) 
Garcia ??? What are you mixed with ? 
Church was great , but traffic was terrible . 
I finally met my biological grandmother for the first time . 
I was Gideon today , and I hope I can be Gideon all of my days . 
My knee is killing me . It feels like I got stabbed on the side of my knee . 
Thank you , Kingsway Christian Church :) 
Lymph node shirk and take these migraines with you . 
I got an IV and some other meds . The migraine is gone right now . Hopefully I feel better tomorrow so I can go to church and Quest . 
One thing I hate about being full of different meds is when one makes you tired but the other makes you hyper . 
One huge thing I have learned since I got really sick is sometimes people take things for granted , even the little things like looking at light and listening to loud music . 
Come on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! Win Vegas !!! 
God , please step in so I can see you are with me . I am losing hope and I need a reminder that you are with me and you aren't giving up on me . I need to know that the migraines will go away and I will get my life back . 
Thank God for medicine . I hope it's wisdom teeth causing the migraines . 
My wisdom teeth isn't the cause . Please pray that the neurologist can find the cause and fix it , I want my life back to the way it was a week ago . 
God works in strange ways . I got the good news that I am going to CIY , but the bad thing is I have no idea if I will be back to normal by June . 
I am feeling pretty good today :) I get to go to church and possibly Quest . 
Can you believe that UCLA blonde on Youtube and < PROPMALE > Gottfried ? Some people just need to grow a heart . 
Jesus , take the wheel . 
Never give up until you get the right answer . No matter what the professionals tell you . 
So much work to do . At least I get to make a Prezi :) 
A hug is a handshake from the heart . 
I am so happy that I can go to Nursery and Quest tomorrow !!! :) I miss everyone . 
“Dreams do come true , if we only wish hard enough . You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it . ” - J.M. < PROPFEMALE > 
Today has been the best day I have had this whole month of March . Going to Quest and Nursery pain free , feels like I climbed the biggest mountain . 
Your talent is God's gift to you . What you do with it is your gift back to God . \ 
~ Leo Buscaglia 
It's Prttey fnuny how we can raed tihs einrte snetnece wtih all tehse ltters all out of palce , and we can cnotniue to keep raednig and sitll mekas snece of waht we are raeding . No mttar how mnay tmies you raed tihs oevr and oevr you can sitll mkae snece of it . \ 
How is taht pssoible ? 
If teachers are so smart , why do they ask us questions ? 
< PROPFEMALE > go back to go-kart racing ! Who doesn't race hard at Bristol ?! FYI < PROPFEMALE > , Bristol is a half mile track ! Didn't you read the wall after you hit it ?! 
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police . 
The sole purpose of a child's middle name , is so he can tell when he's really in trouble . 
March+ Nice Weather = Playing Basketball Outside 
You know you are a Hoosier when .... \ 
1 . You end your sentences with an unnecessary preposition . Example : \Where's my coat at ? \ " or \ " Who are you gonna go with ? \ " \ 
Hope the Buckeyes win tonight and Dawgs win tomorrow :) 
What is more powerful than God , < PROPMALE > people don't need it , poor people have it and if you eat it you'll die ? 
Two words : Butler Bulldogs ! 
Butler , you did it again !!! GO DAWGS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Finishing my National Honor Society essay and then accept my invitation from National Society of High School Scholars . Thank you Jesus for the CIY scholarship and these scholarship programs . You are good all the time :) 
Some guys need to go learn some manners . I am human being and should be treated as one . I shouldn't be stalked down like an animal or be treated like a piece of meat . FYI : I am a child of God and I am not a booty call . If you think you will get anything like that out of me , it is best you start looking at somewhere else . 
I made a funnel cake today and tomorrow I make a pro-life shirt :) 
I love you , < PROPFIRST > Harvick !!! Nothing better than a victory taken from < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on the final lap ! 
Come on , Kentucky Wildcats ! 
This Final Four is going to be very interesting . 
I so want to try water marble nail < PROPMALE > on some nails . 
Good night Facebook friends . 
This is going to be a long week if the weather doesn't change . 
What is so fragile that when you say it's name you break it ? 
What a day ! Making funnel cakes , a tie dye shirt , and playing some Sims . 
One thing I learned from the Sims is always have a smoke detector ! 
I will never watch Crazy Frog again !!!! No matter who sent it to me ! 
I have been so bored today and it is only Tuesday . 
Indiana make up your mind ! It's late March and snow expected tomorrow . 
Grape <3 
Snow in March shows that God has a sense of humor . 
Martinsville Speedway on Sunday ! Hopefully , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > breaks Hamlin's winning streak :) 
I hope some people are enjoying my lovely messages as much as I am :) 
I think today is the most I have laughed :) 
I bleed Butler Blue ! Go Dawgs !!!! 
Where's < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Says , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > video , Find < PROPFIRST > Bieber , and the Awesome Car Commercial made my day . 
Say good-bye to my pale skin :) 
Awesome game Dawgs ! 
Burning your finger with a flat iron at 400 isn't the best way to start a Sunday . 
If you look at the ups , you are never looking down . 
I loved this Sunday's message about serving others . Listening to the Henkes ' story about Mustard Seed in Japan was amazing . < PROPMALE > Garcia , I am so sorry I let go of the remote and that you had to get a root canal because I broke your tooth . I love you , little man and I hope you can forgive me . 
If you have nothing nice to say to anyone , don't say anything at all . 
I hope I get National Honor Society . 
Let the dog-fight begin !!! 
