its goin 

is glad to have a 4 day weekend . 
is watching football and smelling chocolate chip cookies in the oven . 
OK so i think i need to end my \quiz taking binge\ " as < PROPMALE > put it so gnite all ... cant wait for my hair cut in the morning ... its getting bad . " 
<-- eating lunch :) 
is figuring out his schedule for next semester . 
I think I may have a < PROPMALE > Horror hangover ... 
Colts 7-0 
Last night had a spur of the moment photo op with an umbrella at about midnight , pictures coming soon . 
Bring on the weekend :-) 
Go COLTS ! 
c'mon Colts , one more td b4 half . 
w00t for Bethea on the INT 
< PROPFIRST > Bracett FTW !!!! 
Don't be stupid , it wouldn't be smart of you ... 
Is ready for the weekend and excited for Thanksgiving break . 
Lemme see , Purdue 38 , IU 21 ... I guess this just proves yet again that Purdue is the true college of Indiana . 
The only way this Thanksgiving Break could be better if it ended with the Saints beating the Patriots at the end of it . 
is sitting on the couch , digesting turkey , and watching football . 
is being entertained by all the Black Friday shoppers on TV . 
just got back from seeing The Blind Side . Great movie , for those who like football and those who don't . 
is getting ready for Thanksgiving round 2 with the extended fam . Can't wait to eat my aunt's desserts ! 
is using 2 computers , reading a book , and watching TV ... w00t for multitasking ! 
is reminded again just why he hates Windows Vista ... Thank God Windows 7 is here :-) 
thinks < PROPFIRST > Lindley needs an \Automatically Like < PROPFIRST>'s Status\ " button on his Facebook . " 
Friday : < PROPMALE > out with my cousin whom I rarely see . Saturday : Awesome time at < PROPFEMALE > Formal with < PROPFEMALE > . Sunday : Colts win followed by Free Pizza and Cake . Unfortunately this weekend can't last forever and finals are now breathing down my neck ... :( 
I am officially nocturnal ... 
Just got back from the Neuzerling family Christmas party ... and am still wearing spit-up from my cousin ... 
is getting ready for the Colts game today ... and is jealous that his Grandma is going to be there . 
is sad that the Colts threw the game , but the playoffs are just around the corner and Super Bowl chances look good . 
worked out for the first time in a long time today ... and is going to hate himself in the morning . 
Just as I was getting used to the old new Facebook ... 
< PROPFIRST > Neuzerling is in Florida :) 
and referring to himself in the third person . 
Hey , I'm coming up to Purdue today . If anyone is available for lunch around noon or 12:15 give me a call . 
Ugh . Long night at the DQ . 
I am so ready for my day off tomorrow . 
Now time for a nap 
And back to the DQ ... 
I'm getting ready to start The Shack .... I will be out of touch until I'm finished . 
Now I'm finished , with plenty to think about and discuss with those who appreciate the book for what it is . 
Work tomorrow morning is not going to be pleasant . 
Work seemed to last waaaaay to long today ... 
many who like reading like graffiti ? really ? cuz nothing makes me want to tag a building more than sitting next to the fire reading a good book .... 
The heat lightning tonight is pretty amazing ... 
Ug . 
I had a good time at lunch today , and now time for work .... 
I do not envy those that must wake up early tomorrow for school , but at the same time , I am ready to go back to college ... 
Is it just me , or is Indiana air so humid that it feels like someone is trying to suffocate me with a blanket ? 
Finishing packing in the morning ... hello Purdue early Saturday ... 
Packing Done . Work Tonight . 7 a.m. wake up to load the < PROPFIRST > .... 
is officially moved in 
back from the first wave of classes . time for lunch , job apps , and visit to the bank 
has officially paid for tuition/room & board . Time to enjoy the A/C in my room :) 
and read the Exponent 
First day of classes over ... homework halfway done ... 128GB just freed up on my laptop for some DC++ downloading ... and I just saved 220 bucks cuz i already have the textbook for ME 270 . All in all , a very good day . 
One more class to go today ... 
Just got back from < PROPMALE > ball ... it's a gorgeous night ! 
now has Xbox Live . 
Off to Thermo , Linear Algebra , Spanish 201 , HW by the engineering fountain , and lunch with < PROPMALE > Kwolek . 
done for the week , got out of class early today ... now for some r&r before I hit the weekend homework load ... 
Back from the 4W/3W cookout ... good times . 
Off to classes ... then HW with < PROPMALE > DeBoer , lunch with < PROPMALE > Kwolek , and then laundry .... and then more class ... busy day . 
laundry time 
So , first laundry day of the year and i manage to lose a sock ... 
OMG the university of Florida has a class devoted to playing Starcraft II 
Way to win the Manning Bowl , Peyton ! 
TGIF 
Mondays .... :( 
Last night was awesome . 
I don't think I have ever had such a good time watching Stargate .... :) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaIFr3M67vI 
So does it make anyone else die a little on the inside that Zynga makes more money than EA games ? 
apparently my router decided that i needed a new IP address .... talk about annoying 
has a smile stuck on his face 
Quote of the night : \Just take your doughnuts and go to bed\ " - Eumin\ 
next time i buy a videogame , i want it to be bundled with an M-16 .... 
of squirrels and chipmunks .... 
< PROPMALE > Potter themed , solar powered , titanium forged shoelace tips .... that's all I have to say ... 
I am not ready for this weekend to be over :) 
I just lost the game ! 
gah ! facebook stop crashing ! 
apparently the new windows phone has surround sound ... im not sure how i feel about that ... 
quote of the night : \The CIA has rules . Our rules are just cooler than yours\ " -- CIA agent in The A-Team " 
December is here , there is snow on the ground , and the buses are packed ... winter has officially arrived . 
So , if not for the Special Teams and Defense ... this game would totally suck 
Google says it is 0 degrees ... I vote to roll over and go back to sleep ... 
So , Google's weather icon for today is trees with ice hanging off them .... 
Lots of homework to do today ... 
