chrisa is a CRAZYYY GIRL !!!!!!! @CHRISA 

And to everybody who asks me ...... yes i just want to be friends rite now but i did rly love chrisa . but it was just too much fighting and it had to stop . and i just wanna take a break and be single rite now . id rly like to try it again wit her some time ...... but idk if she would let me . so im sry . 
You may not be able to tell but i rebroke my tooth in ohio eating pizza and i had to miss skool today to have it fixed 
broke up with chrisa . no questions plz . im not gonna answer them anyways . 
boreddd 
who told everybody to write on my wall ? 
should i go to VPAC or Lake < PROPFIRST > ? 
WOOHOO !!! I got MVP again !!! 2 years in a row !!! 
Guess who just saved a baby rabbit ! JESUS !!! 
phones busted , cant txt , life couldnt be better haha :) 
Got my phone workin finally , couldnt get an upgrade tho :/ oh well haha life isnt perfect 
Phones dead , don't txt me plzzz i forgot to take my charger with me AGAIN 
Bakk from the beach got tryouts tomorrow , cant wait to run haha 
just got bak from ohio , yea thats rite , i was there delorge . I WIN ! now go kiss lil shermak ! 
Who knows me best ?... My full name ? Age ? Birthday ? Worst fear ? Eyecolor ? Bestfriend ? and Nickname ? Copy this as your status and see who knows you best 
ok , braden , liam , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , em , you can all come over . thats all i have to say hahah you ppl make me wanna go kick a baby 
The one time where i go to a football game to just have funn , EVERY GIRL I TALK TO has some kind of drama thing goin on 
I just killed a fly , in mid-air , with my thumb . I'm 100% ninja 
Bored like crazy . Movies less and less fun . But goin to Drag Races today in < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Anyone wanna explain to me why I havent been shot yet ? 
If you could give me an award for anything , what would the award be ? haha 
i need to make alot of space on my status update for my english project so .................................................................................................. \ 
\ 
yea 
Ladies and Gentlemen , it is 12:00 midnight right now . It is also the time that i finished my facebook project !!! take that Mrs. Proctor !!! that is all . 
Well obviously facebook is rigged , i did the same quizzes the exact same way like 4 times and got different results 
I once had a guinea pig . I named him < PROPFIRST > . Then , < PROPFIRST > died . So I got a sunflower . \ 
The End . 
Today was a good day :) everyone who matters or think they should matter know why it was so good 
HAHA !!! Great Stuff always happens on my Birthday !!! :) 
I have successfully gone 453 mph in 1st gear in Need For Speed ... I can Drive 
Guess What !!! Too late ... Now you'll never know 
So apparently im going to ohio tomorrow , parents decided that 10 miuntes ago 
Should i go to IB next semester ? 
I hate .... Need For Speed ..... So Much ...... just Never Again ...... Ever 
So I've been really stressed out lately .... got alot on my mind ... gettin annoyed easily .... somethin's just not rite :( 
So am i the only one who didnt know it was a 2-hour delay today ? yepp , thought so ... greatt ....... 
I have hope now for many different reasons , and everybody knows at least 1 reason , whether i know it or not 
I GET WORK DONE 
So i love how only 2 ppl noticed that i got a haircut 
Today is truly a sad day for all men 
So yea ..... Apparently i start my driving test Tuesday ..... New life here i come 
Very sick and not wanting to do anything ...... but of course i actually get sick on one of the busiest weeks i have 
Liam's asleep at a party , gonna mess with him ............. :D 
< PROPMALE > is my hero . < PROPFIRST > is my Idol . < PROPFIRST > is my Legend . 
so somebody needs to have a party , like soon . im dying of boredom 
is questioning the effects of The Plan 
wishes ppl could read between the lines sometimes to see what im actually trying to say to them 
so yea this is officially the worst week ever , for everybody 
so my dad got in a fight at my bros soccer game against ALL of the other team's parents . And Won . man i love bein a Stokey 
just now woke up . fell asleep when i got home from the \track practice from hell \"" 
\I'm not here because it's cool . It's cool because I'm here . \"" 
Shut Up Liam Armstrong . 
