Just got back from Ohio 

Can't wait until the family reunion . I actually asked off for the right day this time ! 
Just got off WoW , might get back on in a while . 
< PROPFEMALE > has staph on her face . :( 
Took almost 2 hours to get home tonight from work . 
Happy New Year ! 
Happy Birthday AJ !!! 
Oh wow I just seen where Walmart is gonna start putting schedules up online now . How cool is that ?!? 
I'll be praying for < PROPFIRST > tonight . I'm hoping that she'll get better . 
Happy Birthday Mom ! 
The brakes went out on my car :( 
The Cats about gave me a heart attack today ! 
I'm so happy that UK won and Kansas lost last night ! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I have a few choice bleep words for tonight ! 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
I'm getting tired of the managers thinking I'm a cashier when I'm not ! 
It's been a good day other than all the rain . 
86 degrees , but VERY humid . Muy caliente ! 
Happy Birthday Jedidiah !!! 
Just got back from Mine 18 . We had fun swimming after the hot day . 
Happy Birthday Grandma ! 
LOTS of lightning bugs out right now !!! 
PLEASE someone be my coop partner on farmville !!! Will love you forever 
Happy Father's Day !!! 
I'm going to be an aunt again tomorrow ! 
We have a baby !!! 
Just seen a bear going across the road in front of my Mom and Dad's house . 
< PROPFIRST > just seen our bear at < PROPFIRST>'s house down on Son-In-Law Ridge . He got to see just how big that thing is ! 
Had a fun day today !!! 
Looks like lots of flooding in the state . 
Finally named our frog that we had for about a week now . 
Went to Jungle < PROPMALE>'s today ! 
Found out that the head gasket is blown on the car . 
I was being made fun of last night cause I never watched Jaws . 
Sometimes I wish I could go back to sleep after < PROPFEMALE > goes to school ! 
Please pray for the Daugherty family in their loss . 
Summer , I will miss you ! 
Fall is dangerous around my house . Too many walnut and hickory trees ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just lost her first tooth ! 
Jedidiah broke his arm today . 
Jedidiah will have to have pins put in his arm . 
At Shriner's now , getting ready to register for surgery . 
Home from surgery . What a long two days ! 
I saved < PROPFEMALE > from getting kicked out of the haunted house tonight !!! She was getting a little frisky with the clowns . 
Just got < PROPFEMALE>'s grade card . She has A+'s in everything ! I'm proud of her . 
Jedidiah is getting his pins removed on Nov . 2nd ! 
Greatest\ 
man in History , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called Him \ 
Master . Had no degree , yet they called Him Teacher . Had no medicines , \ 
yet they called Him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won\ 
no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no \ 
crime ,.... yet .. they crucified .... Him ....... He was buried in a tomb , \ 
yet He lives today . Repost if you believe this in your heart . 
The pins are out of Jedidiah's arm ! The only bad thing about the surgery was him puking all over the back seat of the car on the way home . 
Snow Snow Snow ! 
UK absolutely smoked Dillard today !!! 
Going to Keasha's baby shower !!! 
Please pray for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s baby . He had 3 seizures last night and was sent to Lexington . 
Keasha had her baby yesterday , his name is < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Jedidiah's two front teeth have to be taken out on Dec . 2nd . If it's not one thing with him , it's another . 
I am so bored ... 
It has rained WAY too long today ! 
Well ... now Jedidiah's mouth looks funny . But he'll get a double visit from the tooth < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well snow is good for one thing . There's no school tomorrow !!! 
Way too much snow for my tastes ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! Hope it was a good one and everyone survived the trips on the roads tonight . 
One of the Fantastic Four gets killed off in next month's comic ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s losing one of her top teeth right now . 
Wondering how we are going to make it to Lexington tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > is getting her tonsils and adenoids removed tomorrow at 7am 
Well we have to wait ANOTHER week to get < PROPFEMALE>'s tonsils out ! I wish the snow will stop already ! On the bright side , the kids are having fun outside sledding . 
Being home all day with the kids sure can be boring sometimes ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > :P 
Yay !!!! Just got my tickets for the A7X concert ! 
Who actually knows me ?? I bet NOONE can answer em all right ... First .. Middle .. n Last NAME ..... My real age ... Birthday ... Best Friend ... Favorite Color .... My Eye Color n My Natural Hair Color ... Put this as your status to see who really knows you ... 
WARNING ! Facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor . To block , go to the kitchen and get aluminum foil and wrap it around your head . Stay calm and breathe through your left nostril . This is a serious problem and has been confirmed by a cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama and her pet chihuahua . Copy and paste as your status . SAVE YOUR FRIENDS !!! 
Okay ... so third times a charm I hear . I hope we can get to Lexington tomorrow without having to reschedule again . < PROPFEMALE>'s tonsils will finally be out . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s doing pretty good for a little girl who just got her tonsils and adenoids taken out ... not to mention a loose tooth that she had before the surgery . 
< PROPFEMALE > got her ears pierced yesterday . She is loving them . 
Everyone has photographic memory ; some just don't have the film . 
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car . 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
Had an awesome time last night at the A7X concert !!!!! They were great ! 
Happy Birthday AJ !!!!!! 
Vote for Coach Cal at wkyt.com 
