No one is worth your tears , and the one who is won't make you cry ... 

Enjoy what you can ... Endure what you must . 
OMG !!! I should listen to my instincts . Got on the wrong freeway this morning , everything in me KNEW that this , of all the days I've ridden in the HOV < PROPFIRST > , would be the day I got busted . Now , here I sit , $124 lighter , and late for work . 
I am confused by what I did to deserve today ... When I got to work my computer moniter wouldn't turn on , I questioned a Doctor about whether or not she worked here , and then I dropped and broke my cup , and I am covered with water . Perhaps I should have stayed home . It's only 8:16 . 
As I lay down , I lay with a quiet mind tonight ~ 
Life is sooo much harder without my HOV < PROPFIRST > . But now I'm hella spooked . Damn law enforcement !!!! 
My heart is heavy , my brain won't shut up , and my eyes are refusing to stay dry .... Please please let them take care or my baby . 
My world seems very upside down right now , I HATE not being in control of it . Probably nothing a little hennessy can't fix ... I hope 
Gettin ready to rip and run ... Watch out Seattle !!! 
Missing clocking in ... Having a hard time trying to stay busy 
We always squeeze the tightest , right before we let go ... 
touched down in the AK ... It all looks the same ... but i am still juiced to be here .... 
Trying to see what we gonna get into tonight . 
All I can say is woooowwww ... Is it real ? 
I like it on the floor behind the passenger seat ... 
I like it on the floor behind the passenger seat 
WHY WHY WHY is my life always such an uphill battle ? I am staying in Alaska until November 1st people ... Well those of you that care . See you when I get back . 
It's colder than snowman piss here ... Uuuuhhhhgggg !!!! 
Mmmm ... 12cm 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a choice -People who are gay are not looking for a cure , they are looking forACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? Promote Love & Acceptance ! NOT hate 
I am the ultimate creation of time and circumstance ..... 
It is better to be hated for who I am , than loved for who I am not . 
Today is my birthday and I'm raising money for Campaign for Cancer Prevention . Click here to donate : http://birthdays.causes.com/wishes/64202?bws=st 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2011 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is nothing to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% of people ... won't copy and paste this , they have already been eaten by dragons . 
What is the point in pretending you are something that your not ? In the end , doesn't the truth about you always come to light ? Say what you mean , and mean what you say ... It's pretty simple . 
The only difference between people in jail and outta jail is that some of us took a short cut through hell on our way to heaven . 
The words you speak today should be soft and tender ... For tomorrow you may have to eat them .... 
You must be the change you want to see in the world ... 
No matter what you do , or how hard you try , you CANNOT turn a hoe into a housewife .... 
At times I wish I could change the past ... but sometimes the past changes you . 
You always say you hate to see me hurt , and you hate to see me cry . So all those times that you hurt me , did you close your eyes ? 
I cried today ... not because I miss you ... or even wanted you ... but because I realized I'm gonna be all right without you . 
Don't < PROPMALE > ' em ... Replace ' em !!! 
Rum and Sprite 
Life is not the breaths you take , but the moments that take your breath away ... 
Isn't it ironic ? We ignore the ones who adore us , adore the ones who ignore us , love the ones who hurt us , and hurt the one who love us ... 
Crazy tired ... 
I am the craps < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
All I can say is ... WHY ?????? When will I learn ? And why does learning have to feel like my heart is dying , and my very breath is being stolen away ? 
Do you believe it's true that there is somebody for everybody ? If so , how come there wasn't one made for me ? 
What good are the words if you never really mean them ? 
