Helping people is what I do ! 

Soooooooo tired ! Why is I can't seem to fall asleep until after 2am no matter how tired I am ? 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes ! 
Catching up with old friends is always fun . 
In so much pain ! Hopefully all will be well in the morning . 
Woke up with my sinuses clogged . Definately not the best feeling in the world . 
My head is killing me . Stupid allergies . 
Chatting with the bestie is always a pick me up . 
Obama condoms ! Be the first lady EVERY night . 
Allergies are kicking my butt . 
The boot poliece are out in full force ! 
Feeling very childish . 
Why is it whenever I get the < PROPMALE > to do something great I screw it up ? 
I'm not going to stress out . These lights will be on point ! 
So tired & my sinuses are killing me . 
I think I'm broken . 
I can move my wrist ... kinda .. at least the swelling went down , and I now have respect for those who are left handed . 
Lights are comming together nicely . 
< PROPFIRST>'s lights still aren't done ! I'm late for class & I still have to design 2 more shows ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s specials are complete & they sure are special ! Can't wait to record these cues ! 
Craving fried squash . 
Way too much is going on right now & i need to calm down . 
Finally calmed down . Lord knows what I'd do without < PROPMALE > . 
So happy to leave the theatre . 
Today was a day from hell . Thank God it's over & that a new day is comming . 
Still recovering . 
Feeling kinda light headed . 
Why is it that when ever I try to make things right things get worse . 
Ever have a day when you want to maul the person next to you cuse they're just that sexy ? I haven't today . Yesterday however ... 
In an extreemly flirty mood right now . 
Get ready for the one acts ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s were awsome ! Congrats < PROPFIRST > ! 
Yay late night rehearsal . 
I go today ! Keeping my fingers crossed for a good run . 
Feeling like Thumper . 
Yay late night rehearsal ! 
Sooooo tired ! Yay rehearsing till 1am then getting up at 8 for work . 
The One Acts are finally over ! Congrats to all the directors & participants on a job well done . 
Too much going through my head . It needs to be cleared ASAP ! 
< PROPMALE > is trying to make me choke on my milkshake . 
Why is my compie being stupid ? grrr 
So board w/o my compie ! Why did the fan have to break ? It's given me time to finish my book , but now I'm left w\\o the joys of the internet . 
Oh internet , why hast thou foresaken me ? 
I really need my compie fixed cuse relying on campus compies to get work done sucks . 
Had fun with the ladies . Bonding over donuts is always a win in my book . 
Read The Romanov Prophecy . It will blow your mind . 
Chillin with the fam is always great . 
I feel like my mind is going spare . It's not going to happen , so why do I keep thinking it will . I said I was over it , but apparently not . 
The best food in the world is free food . 
Late for work . Over slept . Not a good morning . 
My eyes have been watering all day for no reason . Yay . 
Listening to \Clumsy\ " . Yea ... " 
My mind is much clearer now . 
I know what I need to do . The problem is finding the time to do it . 
How do you truly live ? 
Waiting is the hardest part . 
Trying not to study even though I should . 
So instead of studying I made a video montage on spring break . 
Grr sissy answer your phone ! 
\It's like one thousand paper cuts soaked in vinegar . Like the battles with yourself that leave you insecure . It's all just a numbing charade until the day you finally wake up and you're not afraid . \"- Battles by The Spill Canvas " 
Made it to the airport . Waiting to board & for my sinuses to stop being stupid . 
Watching random vids on my jump drive . What a way to spend the night . 
Spent the night celebrating sissy poo's 29th ... My is she up there in the age department . 
I hate jet lag . 
Why does my mother keep tryiog to call me while we're in the mall & have no reception ? 
Letters to < PROPFEMALE > was amazing ! I so want to see it again . 
Why does liking the wrong person make you feel like such a duck ? 
Just made grilled chicken noodle soup & it was nummy ! 
Talking to three people at once is interesting . 
Don't you hate it when restricted < PROPFIRST > call & don't respond when you answer ? 
And now starts the excuses as to why he can't go to sleep . Yay babysitting ! 
Just checked the grades and I heaved a great sigh of relief . Don't know how I did , but I thank God for pulling me through . 
\I'm like Tinkerbell-I need applause to live ! \ " Gotta love Glee . " 
Why doo I keep lying to myself ? Everytime I think things are getting better at home , they get worse . I'm so tired of this shit . People keep playing games , when they need to grow up and act like adults . 
I've given it all to God . I'm done with it . Whatever happens now us up to Him . For now let me bask in this peace that is overflowing . 
It's smoothie time !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My sister is an uber dork and I love her . Hanging out with her is the best . 
I made cookies ! 
Awww , poor < PROPFEMALE > ! I give him hugs . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are so cute ! 
Apparently mine and my firend's wishes are comming true : < PROPFEMALE > is having a dream about being able to walk so he can dance . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a trip . 
And < PROPFEMALE > strikes again .... 
Babies make me squee . 
Why is it that when you're almost over someone their name pops up everywhere at the randomest times ? 
Watching the conclusion to Seven Deadly Sins . 
Today has not been the best of days . I first wake up tp find that it's 2:30 in the afternoon . Then I go to make myself a nummy smootie and the blender breaks . * pouts * I really wanted that smoothie . 
Waiting for Glee . 
Picking up where I left off . It's good to be writing again . 
You think you know someone , but you really don't . This is why I don't trust people . I really need to stop thinking with my heart . I've been burned too many times by too many people . I'm just done with messy people . Why is it so necessary to be fake ? Realness is where it's at . 
I'm glad to know who my real friends are . 
Just ate the sweetest sugar snap peas ever ! Man they good . 
My sinuses are clogged . Not ok . 
Things are comming to a head and I don't know what the outcome is going to be , but I'm giving it to God . Things are happening for a reason . I may not know it now , but when I look back at this , in the future , I will be able to see how far God has brought me , and I'll be thankful that He's been looking after me all along . 
Loving the music on my compie ! Thanks bestie . 
Goodbye my fears I guess that we have parted , the possibilities keep walking in on me . It feels so strange , but I guess that's change it's all right . The possibilities keep walking in on me . ~ Gotta love Geiger ! 
Mr. Schu + < PROPFEMALE > = prime entertainment ! Work Mr. Schu ! Work ! 
Why is Finn playing a broom ? 
< PROPFIRST > has issues . 
Now that I've caught myself , I had to stop myself from saying something I should have never thought of you , of you . You're pushing and pulling me down to you , but I don't know what I want . ~ Gotta love songs that mean more than one thing to you ! 
I'm so confused ! I think I'm sending out mixed signals , but I'm not sure . I'm completely oblivious to flirting unless I'm playing around . I've tried to make things clear , but I'm not so sure he gets the picture .... 
My phone s dead and I can't find my charger * pouts * . 
Finally starting something that I should have done a long time ago . 
My brother is mad at me for watching vids on my compie while he's playing his game , but how am I supposed to finish watching anything when all he ever does is play his stupid game ! I've tried watching them at different times of the day , but I get the same response : stop watching videos . * rolls eyes * Stop playing your game all day ! Hogging the connection is not ok . 
Who are you-and what do you do\ 
That makes you think you are above me\ 
But have you walked in my shoes\ 
The pedestal\ 
You put yourself on\ 
Well since I'm breaking it down now\ 
It's gonna collapse and be gone-Fergie 
If it wriggles when you shimmy , you're a boy ! If it wriggles when you shimmy , you're a boy ! If it wriggles when you shimmy , you should have a name like < PROPFIRST > . If it wriggles when you shimmy , you're a boy ! 
Phenias and Ferb just made fun of < PROPFEMALE > the Explorer .... 
Watching The Prestige . Don't know if I want to stay up and watch the end even though that's the best part . 
Watching an episode of Criminal Minds where < PROPFIRST > Kennedy guest stars as a psychotic cannibal . Am very disturbed by his performance and this episode . 
Seriously tired of people in this house ! Don't they realize when their opinion isn't wanted or needed ? Man I need some ear plugs . 
Sleep is my frenemy . 
Note to self : talking to people after 1 in the morning is a bad idea . 
Need to wirte this song and get it out of my system . 
These pain meds have me feeling high . I don't like this feeling . Not at all . Floating is not fun . 
Not as high as I was earlier . Feel much better cuse now I don't feel like falling asleep every five minuets . I still have the munchies though :( 
I just puked everywhere .... At least I don't the munchies anymore ... 
Note to self : If dad offers you pain meds don't take them . 
Persons Unknown is getting more and more insane ! Definately the show to watch . 
I need to sleep and I'm tired , but my stomach is not settling . * pouts * Why does my stomach hate me ? 
So tired of this house !!!!!!!! People use up all the sour cream , knowing you're making spicy buritos for 3 people , then they tell you , after heaping on most of the sour cream on the burrito they made , why don't you use cream cheese ? WTF ?!?!?! Cream cheese on a burrito ? DUDE THAT IS SO NOT OK !!!!!!!!!!!! I'm so glad that the stupidity < PROPFIRST > skipped me . These people make me sick . 
Watching Bones makes me happy . 
And tomorrow , I know , will be rainy at best . And the forecast , I know , is that I'll be depressed , but I'll wait outside hoping that I'll catch sight of the sun ~ RK 
Watching a documentary on the Black < PROPFEMALE > . 
Found a \ghost hunting\ " show that actively tries to debunk peoples paranormal sitings by actually trying to recreate what was seen and verifying the validity of the whitness and their evidence . Seems very interesting . " 
Why would you stop what you're doing to only partially dust the tv and entertainment center , then go back to what you were doing ? The thing is still coated in at least a couple of weeks worth of dust and you only wipe of two spots ? smh 
< PROPMALE > is actually doing a great job stepping on SYTYCD ! Love him ! 
Just realized that I now refer to my parents as dude . The only time I say mom or dad is when I'm calling thefor something . 
I love Mr. < PROPFEMALE > ! Why can't there be more Mr. < PROPFEMALE > s out there ? * sighs * 
My brother is trying to deep fry something for the first time .... Hopefully the house will still be here tomorrow .... 
Now I'm really scared cuse he keeps walking from the pot . * giggles * He just realized that he used oil that was perviously used to fry fish . 
Apparently chanting makes things sound important . 
< PROPFIRST > and Dad got into a fight .... again .... over the blu-ray player ... that < PROPFIRST > broke*giggles * Now he knows how I felt when < PROPFIRST > tore the cover off my copy of The Order of the Phoenix . 
Shopping was a success . Found some really good deals . 
Just started the process of packing . Step 1 ) Do laundry . Step 2 ) Fold clothes . Step 3 ) Put stuff in suit case ..... I hate packing ! 
Dear blackboard , Why must you fail miserably at opening files necessary to do homework ? No love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Soooooo tired ! 
I've been sittin ' here , can't get you off my mind . I try my best to be a man and be strong . I drive myself insane wishin ' I could see your face , but the truth remains you're gone , gone , gone . 
Finall done with this paper ! Now I can go get ready for bed . 
Finally done with this paper ! Now I can go get ready for bed . 
Writing this paper so out of order , but it's eaiser to write what thoughts come to you first . 
I have two paragraphs ! Only 8 more to go .... 
Three down , five more to go ! 
Half way < PROPFIRST > ! I think I shall cal t quits for tonight . 
I told you I didn't want to hear it from her cuse I don't want to deal with her crap , so why are you telling me shit about her that I don't want tot hear ? You obviously don't listen and don't care about what I have to say , and you wonder why I don't call home . 
You never listen . You don't know me . So why should I care ? 
Oh the images are horrible ! My mind is bleeding ! Why oh why did you have to pop into my mind !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Dear ASU wifi , Why are you making it so difficult to check my main email account ? I got into the other one perfectly fine ? You suck . Absolutely no love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Feeling sick ... 
Hocus Pocus is on and clue comes on after it ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I'm going to spend it packing as I've all ready celebrated it last weekend . Yay packing ! 
If someone could tell CahrieCelia(Angel ) Hamilton to fb me seeing as my phone is turned off that would be great . 
Throat is so sore !!!! It feels like I'm loosing my voice . 
