Workin ' on Photoshop 

Sunburn ... ow .... 
Need three more farmville gifts to get the last ribbon . Can anyone help me out with that ? :) 
Just need two more farmville gifts for the ribbon . Anyone care to help with that ? 
I have a lot to do this week .... 
Pumpkin Pie Ice cream , yum 
To the batcave ! 
Ever feel a random moment of bliss ? 
I saw a public bus advertising Left 4 Dead 2 ! Awesome ! 
Watching Stargate Universe with my dad :) 
So sleepy ... 
Too much sugar today .... 
Playing House of the Dead on the Wii . The voice acting is so horrible .... 
What a nice day for a slurpee :) 
Must focus .... on paper .... too tired ... 
When in Rome . 
Kayak Day was as awesome as ever :) 
The smirched frazmin mellfully gloxed zimpled nerfs . 
My Snapple cap says \Penguins can jump 6 feet \"" 
My Snapple cap says \Australia is the only continent without an active volcano \"" 
Studying ... 
Watching 1951 The Day the Earth Stood Still 
Watching Death Note 
Opening FarmVille presents :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
I feel like going to the beach . 
Naked Gun is so hilarious :D 
Saw the elusive Left 4 Dead bus . 
In the mood for a root beer ... 
Had another person tell me that I should have gone into something < PROPMALE > related as a < PROPMALE > . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wish :) 
My fortune cookies says \You will have a party . \ " Hmm .... " 
Needs the help for the barn raising . 
Has lots of leftover s'mores ingredients 
Watching a video on how to clean babies 
Exercising ... 
Billiards Friday woo ! 
Learning about lactation 
Anime Club Party :) 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Heard someone reading an erotic section of a romance novel in an < PROPMALE > Schwarzenegger voice . That was hilarious . 
Mint chocolate chip ice cream . Mmm ... 
Just finished the confirmation for graduation 
Saw a squirrel eating a hamburger < PROPFEMALE > ... 
What a nice day today :) 
Must ... focus ... on ... paper .... 
One week until Spring Break :) 
So many kinds of meditation and not enough opportunities to do them . 
When did I become a fan of South Florida Bamboo Farm ? 
Watching Samurai Champloo 
Instant noodles :P 
Kayak Day Saturday , woo ! 
Another weekend of board games :) 
So who else got drenched today ? 
Learned how to tag people in the status bar thanks to Elexis Ansley :) 
Watching Bleach 
Really hard to focus on study guides ... 
Wants to hit the beach 
Finally home 
Hope to hit the beach this week . 
Florida weather ... whew ... 
Going to the beach tomorrow . At last ! 
Needs a cold drink 
3 more days until Photo Dojo ( Nintendo DSi ) 
Photo Dojo ( Nintendo DSi ) woo ! 
Who wants to hit the beach ? 
Killing zombies in Wonderland 
The Google home < PROPFEMALE > is awesome ! 
Pool day 
Kayak Day Saturday !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Jimenez finally went kayaking :) 
Ichirin no < PROPFEMALE > 
Couch moving is so inconvenient .... 
Wants to go to the beach 
Once again I'm told I should have gone to school for something < PROPMALE > related . 
Been working on Photoshop all day 
Beach time Monday .... as long as it doesn't rain ... 
Photoshoppin ' 
Haulover beach tomorrow :) 
Is it too cloudy out to go to the beach ? 
I got a hand-me up 
Today looks like a good day to go to the pool or the beach ... or better yet , skinny dipping ! Haha 
Went walking today . Got some much needed exersing and some sun :) 
Got my computer back :) 
Lunchables Pizza :) 
So what's in a nightcap ? 
Beach day 
Carpel Tunnel 
Got a Twitter 
Slot of Stupendousness ! 
Silverfish Hand Catch ! 
Now it's time to make like a bakery truck and haul buns . 
< PROPFEMALE > of Next 
Watching Fullmetal Alchemist .... in English .... I prefer the Japanese voice actors ... 
Watching Baby Geniuses :D 
Crackdown 2 
Wants < PROPFEMALE > vs . Capcom 3 now ! 
Watching 1966 Batman with < PROPFIRST > Rillera . Such a funny movie ... 
Play Naked < PROPFEMALE > Pong - < PROPFIRST > Horton 
InDesign 
Back from Asaka :) 
Mucho Mango Arizona Ice Tea :) 
The Flintstones are on Google ! :) 
Feels a cold coming on 
Just finished watching The Iron Giant with < PROPFEMALE > Jimenez 
Suddenly got a feeling of < PROPFEMALE > vu ... 
Well ... the new facebook was forced upon me ... 
I enjoy the peace and quiet of having the house to myself :) 
Must ... find ... job ... 
Brownie baking with < PROPFEMALE > Jimenez 
A Broadway show about Spiderman ? Interesting ... 
The top part of the new facebook profile looks like a job application ... 
Notary Public at your service 
So . Anyone in Florida need anything notarized ? I can help with that :) 
Have a job interview at Equinox on Wednesday . Wish me luck :) 
Back to the job search 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
Mushi-shi :) 
So I look in my fridge and I see we have Almond milk . My response was \I didn't know you could milk an almond ... \"" 
The Hunger Games = win 
The Google homepage is cool 
Nutri-sweet has shown to temporarily cause frontal lobe deficiency 
< PROPFEMALE > vs Capcom 3 is awesome ! 
Test time 
Just got a spam email with the subject \We Have Illegal Drugs ! \"" 
Watching Mort and < PROPFEMALE > 
April Fools ! 
Studying >.< 
If you are a gas station attendant , government employee , or retail store clerk , you have a higher probability of being murdered on the job than a police officer in your own community . If you a secretary or clerk in an office , you are more likely to be murdered at work than a West < PROPFEMALE > miner is likely to be accidentally killed in an industry-related accident . 
Two more Sundays until Lent ends 
The semester is over ! 
So who can suggest a good motivational technique for exercising ? 
Cat fight ! 
ATTENTION ! To my friends that work . If you wouldn't mind , could you fill out a survey I have to do for a class project ? It's a paper survey so I have to give it to you in person . Thanks 
The President is on Oprah . 
