whoop whoop 

stone clown mask conceals the meloncholy god beneath 
whoop whoop yo lol 
etla ourya < PROPFEMALE > reefa 
you'll never see the suicidal testimony beneath the heretics eyes unless you die on the inside ... speak only if asked and talk about what drives you 
i want a < PROPMALE > axe , i wanna know voodoo , a fat bitch named < PROPFEMALE > , and a little sip of faygo too . an i wont die until i get it ! MMFWCL ! 
do you know what ... i love zombies :D 
waaah !! chiped my fucking tooth ! :'( 
im so lucky :) 
What is Your Inner Self ? -- My Result : A Moonlike Person . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/93348/referrals/status?aid=100001932048830 
rawr i miss you baby 
im going snowboarding :D 
that was fun lol , cept i slid down a very steep hill that ended in concrete and i got snow down my ass and up my shirt 
waaah missin her 
yay girlfriend is awesome :) 
might go to oyp later 
i steped on a 9 inch nail on sunday and it burns lol :D 
she's wonderfull , and she doesnt even know how much lol 
such a lonely day ... and its mine 
well now i'm depressed , and i have a feeling something bad is going to happen ... 
what do you do when you have so much hate for the world and have so many people to give it to , but have 2x as much love and nowhere to put it ...? 
some people care and some don't . I'm glad i have a someone that actually does lol :) 
mourning people , another sleepless day in the nightmare i call ... reality lol :D 
goin home lol 
its gonna be a good day tatter , mmhmm 
goin to the mall , < PROPFEMALE > out with meh if ya wana 
yay anarchy 
im so freaking sad right now and have no idea why ... well i kinda do 
i think that if the christian god made an epic fail of universal poportion lol 
today was a gurd dar 
hey if anyone can , can they get a dragons of atlantis app , go to realm arrow , and join the \Evil Bears\ " allience ? Plllllllllllllzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ? " 
rawr !! 
i miss people 
i want to talk to < PROPFEMALE > ... 
i ove zombies so much <3 
alright lets piss on < PROPMALE > today cuz its his birthday !! :D 
rawr today was a good day tater lol 
stone masks are the things i wear and by that i swear that no one will my true nature declare 
inside the fire a cold flame burns black like amatsuratsu 
ok lets have a good day mr. tater :D 
lol everyday it gets just a little better then it was before it happened 
yay tater !! :D 
yay tater go forth and multiply with all mrh hoersieeeeeeeesssss !! :D 
well im done for the day ... no tater no chili pies in orphan faces ... ttyl homies , 3 
hmmm tater says ... get off my grill homes !!!!!!!!! 
tater what shall we do today ? any suggestions any one ? 
well tater .. i dont know what to say anymore ... should i just let you control my mind ...? 
tater is my lil tater tot on my shoulder that tells me what to do and stuff and he wants ... blooooood !!! 
tater says im sad :P 
tater says ... believe in lover or die in ketchup !! 
i really dont know what to say anymore ... 
yay tater this was a good day :D 
the future is not looking well for me ... 
when a total stranger cries in front of you and you cant do anything but realize that your actually staring into a mirror what do you do ? 
you know why life sucks ? because no matter what you'll either see all your friends and loved ones die around you , and if you die yourself you will make the very few people who actually do care sad and the world will not care anymore than an ant dying 
the hottest love has the coldest ending ~ a sweet persons profile ~ 
on April 4 , 2011 my first memory , my best friend , the last of my heart , my daughter , and my dog < PROPFEMALE > died at the age of 16 . she was born in april 4 , 1994 and died by getting hit by a car that didnt even stop ... i dont have any reason to live in my parents house and am moving to haskell 2-3 weeks from now . i dont really think i have any true friends here , but the ones i really have i will miss ... especially < PROPFEMALE > . 
and just so people know just because i look happy all the time does not mean i am . i have hidden my face with smiles and jokes and laughter , but i really just want to be left alone and for people to hate me just like i hate everything 
internationality is common among those of which is about to die :D 
-sigh- life is confusing meh 
and now im off to see the dark wizard of sleep in the obsidian palace -gothic wonderfull wizard of Ozz- 
my tator tot says that i should ... EAT SOME BRAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINS !!!!! 
I got a secret its on the tip of my tongue and the back of my lungs and i'm gonna keep it !! 
sad week :P B-day coming up and no1 will be there :/ 
birthday is tommorow :/ ill be home alone and saturday there wont even be a quarter of my friends that will hangout with me , but i hope i can see a movie with kitten soon :P 
had an awesome date with < PROPFEMALE > =D 
