Set alarm for 7:15 pm instead of am . Ended up 45min late instead of my usual 10min . Is it bad that I'm habitually late to a job less than half a block away ? 

Greece looks like it's about to detonate the European union and thrash the world economy . While they're at it . This is what you get when you play with socialism . 
Today I find out whether it is ok to microwave a PS3 . 
Human beings should not be awake at this hour . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s daughter is now a dude . 
If you borrow a thong , should you return it ? 
I saw a VHS copy of Hudson Hawk and some corn on a frisbee selling for $100 . People will do some strange things for tits . 
Have you ever been sober enough to drive , but too drunk to drive and sing at the same time ? 
I didn't really drink much beer until recently . Then they put a beer store across the street ... 
Drank Heineken for the first time , and I have to agree with < PROPFIRST > . Fuck that shit , Pabst Blue Ribbon ! 
Last night , I rekindled my relationship with the military channel . Yay guns ! 
I'd love to wear an American flag shirt , but I don't think I'd offend anyone , so I won't . 
You people are all wasting your time . < PROPFEMALE > White said so . 
Http :/ / bit.ly/d0oW3A shooting Mosquitos out of the sky with laser beams . Fucking awesome . 
Somebody told me I should cook Easter dinner next year . Hope everyone likes cereal . 
Why do they make underwear white ? They don't make tires white . 
You'd think eggs , ham , cheese , and < PROPFEMALE > syrup on a hamburger bun would be gross , but it's actually quite tasty . 
This weekend , my ex-wife , her boyfriend , and her ex-boyfriend are all coming to my house and we're all going to < PROPFEMALE > out in love and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just got done watching Ichi the Killer , the Citizen Kane of arterial spray movies . 
I wonder what duct tape tastes like . I wonder if it would taste better with soy sauce 
Have you noticed that when a couple living together breaks up but continue to live under the same roof , they generally continue to have sex despite the end of the relationship ? 
Just started watching another episode of Miami Vice and this week's cameo is < PROPMALE > McShane , of Deadwood fame . I'm almost done with season 3 and I just can't get over the cameo appearances on this show . 
I think I'm going to quit my job and devote my life to watching newspaper fade in the sun . 
Shrek needs to fall face first into a puddle of AIDS . 
Fortune cookie says I'm going to begin a prosperous business venture in bed . I'm gonaa be a ho ! 
Birth , school , work , death . 
Sex for me has always tasted strongly of vodka and cigarettes , though I doubt my experience is typical . 
Dio just died . Despite my being heavily into music , I really have mo idea who he was . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Kix is a crime against society . 
Gotta decide whether steak is worth getting in the car . 
Another lovely five ibuprophen morning . 
So this is permanence\ 
Love's shattered pride\ 
What once was innocence\ 
Turned on its side\ 
Grey cloud hangs over me\ 
Marks every move\ 
Deep in the memory\ 
What once was love 
It's days like this that make me think Tubgirl had it right all along . 
A priest , a rabbi , and the prophet Muhammad walk into a bar , so the terrorists blow up the illustrator . 
I just put \The Room\ " on the top of my Netflix queue . Everybody pray for my immortal soul . " 
We should stop letting brownie monsters make bad decisions for us . 
I consider Shake the Disease to be the best song Depeche Mode ever did , and it isn't close . It's strange that I managed to live most of my life without having heard it . 
< PROPMALE > Stiller cameo on Miami Vice in 1987 . this show is hysterical . 
I bowls better drunk . 
I do not regret voting for Bush twice , particularly after a year and a half into the Obama disaster . 
The best segregation is the kind you pay for . 
Census lady came by my work and I was a jerk to her . Today was a good day . 
You only ever see earwax in small quantities . I wonder what a gallon of earwax would be like . 
Damn you white castle for being in hackettstown and not belvedere . 
Looking for an adventure . Need to kill about 5hrs this afternoon . 
I always wanted to front a hardcore punk band dressed in a < PROPFEMALE > suit . 
Monster stole my Twinkie . 
Phillies getting killed today 
Considering giving up beer and just eating Klondike bars instead . 
Gonna try watching Lost again . Wish me luck . 
Just watched 3 episodes of Lost . NEED MORE LOST !!! 
Mass ghetto loitering is made that much more special by the addition of baby carriages . Our dogs certainly thought so . 
If you call the police and tell them your sisters location and that you think she has some outstanding warrants against her , does the fact that the cops actually went to the house mean she in fact did have warrants ? 
I know it's wrong to post naked pictures of other people on the Internet , but is it wrong to post links to naked pictures that person personally posted on the Internet on a public site ? 
Words of feminine wisdom :\ 
\ 
\ur a bitch do u think ima stupid bitch do u think il be there for u stupid slut y dnt u jus die i hate u\ 
< PROPMALE > has brand new holes in his head oozing brains . The old holes haven't even healed yet . Stupid cat needs to stop getting in fights . He sucks at them . 
One season of Lost down , 5 to go . 
Fucking < PROPFIRST > horse needs to be sent to the alpo factory 
There is no gravity . The earth sucks . 
Lady Gaga is also a fan of Glee 
I regret not buying High School Musical brand hand sanitized when I had the < PROPMALE > . 
Giving a woman oral is an interesting thing , especially if her boyfriend is in New York and she's talking to him on the phone while you're doing it . 
This is like dealing with a crack addiction . I need to mentally prepare myself for what I need to get done tonight , but I'm looking at three more episodes of lost to complete season 2 . What I should do is to stop watching and get lost out of my head before people arrive , but addiction doesn't really work like that . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is guest DJ on the crappy XM station we're listening to . It's just her talking though , and if her tits aren't somehow involved I don't have any real use for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
A living enemy will bear a grudge and try to hurt you . A dead enemy is dead . So , kill your enemies . 
If I were to draw a cartoon of the prophet Muhammad dressed up as a Japanese schoolgirl backstage having sex with the members of Nickelback , would the terrorists declare a fatwa on Nickelback ? The terrorists really need to start killing Nickelback . 
I went into my neighbor's house , to borrow a drill , but he wasn't home so I ate his fishtank , and I wasn't even hungry ! ( maniacal laughter ) You won't catch me with me trousers ! 
All I wanted when I was a child was a red firetruck . I never got that red firetruck , and that is how I became EVIL . 
is celebrating those who have sacrificed their lives in the vital mission of killing annoying foreigners for the benefit of us all . GO TEAM ! 
Most of the problems you encounter in daily life can be solved with a shotgun . The world would be a happier place of more people carried shotguns . 
With this oil spill , the Obama regime has either been in charge from the beginning and have run a clinic in incompetence , or it hasn't been involved and is guilty of a severe lack of leadership in a crisis . Can anyone really look at this situation and say good job ? 
I've had this iPhone for weeks and I still haven't installed any porn on it . Not that I really think I'd fap to the iPhone , but the phone seems incomplete without it . 
Some balls are held for < PROPFEMALE > , and some for fancy dress , but when they're held for pleasure they're the balls that I like best . 
I went to bed at 8:30 pm last night . There's just something morally wrong about that . 
Just walked into a bank that was playing the rickroll song on its Muzak station . You really don't get the < PROPMALE > to hear that song in real life nearly enough . 
Cheeseburger doritos FTW 
What you listen to says a lot about you , for those of you who have somelike like iTunes which tracks what songs you listen to the most , post a reply . Mine are :\ 
1 . Pixies -- Debaser\ 
2 . Joy Division -- Transmission\ 
3 . U2 -- The Unforgettable Fire(as far as I'm concerned the only U2 song that exists)\ 
4 . Depeche Mode -- Shake the Disease\ 
5 . The Cure -- Just Like Heaven 
Somebody needs to die . 
Guy next door was tuning in to our satellite radio , so I switched to the Catholic channel for a while . 
Express times says Phillipsburg White Castle scheduled to open spring 2011 . 
Summary of Lost so far :\ 
Season 1 : People crash on strange island\ 
Season 2 : It truly is amazing how a hole in the ground changes everything\ 
Season 3 : It is amazing how uninteresting the others become when you shine a light on them , but Hurley and his < PROPFIRST > save the day . \ 
Season 4 : So far only 4 episodes in , and best season so far . They even managed to finally make < PROPMALE > interesting . 
I'm starting to better understand the difference between < PROPFIRST > Adams and quality microbrews and trash beer , and that each has a purpose . < PROPFIRST > Adams has a lot of flavor , and after I finish it I find myself satisfied and not in immediate need of another . In a lesser beer , I would be less satisfied and I would reach for another to attempt to gain the satisfaction I would get from a good beer . Sometimes this is the point . 
Need me some pills . Pills make the phone calls go away . 
Looking for ideas for new custom cards for the game Apples to Apples , here are some examples of what I'm after :\ 
Bull semen\ 
Tranny hookers\ 
Happy pills\ 
a good deep dicking\ 
Doritos\ 
Lady Gaga 
Edible underwear\ 
Herpes\ 
Scientologists\ 
Ghetto baby mommas\ 
Blunt force trauma 
Just watched an Apache attack helicopter fly over < PROPMALE > township . 
Walking to work has its risks . One example is walking to work without taking the keys you need to lock the store with when your done , and it just so happens you need those same keys to unlock the door to your house . 
Obama trying to argue that he cares and is angry about the oil spill really does nothing to address the main problem that there has been a distinct lack of leadership in the disaster and a disturbing lack of action coming from the government . 
Lunch Ladies\ 
< PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show\ 
< PROPMALE > Norris\ 
Hot Asian Sluts\ 
Sodom and Gomorrah 
And when the woman has four penises in her , then stands over the men and pees on them , is that part of bein in love ? Five midgets , spanking a man covered in thousand island dressing , is that making love ? 
Slip tab A into slot B and 9 months later ... 
If you want to eat a big mouthfull of sand then come down here and try it and I'll kick you in the face . You'll drop like a pussy . Pussy ! 
Porn come on #37 :\ 
I want to suck the polish off your toenails 
If a girl in a rock band isn't that attractive , does a sexy voice and the fact that she's one he'll of a guitar player make up for it ? 
Warrior's Machete : Ockham had his Razor . He Shaved with Delicacy . I Sever with Blunt Force . 
Its hard to hide a hard on when you're dressed like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Mount Everest . Forbidding . Aloof . Terrifying . The mountain with the biggest tits in the world . 
Need a new obsession . My old one just ran out . 
A leprechaun told me to burn stuff . 
Wonder what Obama will do with a republican house of representatives . His only answer is more and bigger government , and he'll never get that through after November . 
I'm being called back to the dark side . Boredom is taking hold . 
They say cocaine extends your personality . What if you're an asshole ? 
And of course Obama uses the oil spill to try to ram clean energy down our throats , as if the economy wasn't bad enough already . 
Everybody needs a good deep dicking . 
If they want soccer to matter in the US they need to have an < PROPFEMALE > n team in one of the real world soccer leagues . Having an < PROPFEMALE > n team in English premier league , or in the big Latin < PROPFEMALE > n leagues for instance . < PROPFEMALE > isn't really going to support an entire league but we could support 1-2 teams in top leagues and grow the sport . 
Epic oil spill fail\ 
Http :/ / bit.ly/9EqqPh 
Damn you flaming pit of radioactive snakes ! Always when I need to use the can ! 
You should never be nice to crazy people . Be polite or professional at most , never nice . When you are nice to crazy people , it makes them comfortable enough to be crazy around you . 
Feel like I'm listening to Lifetime radio . Fucking chick music no self respecting male would listen to . 
doles out the harshness 
Sometimes life puts you in a place where you have to decide whether Lady Gaga is dirtier than the average school bus . 
Going to Atlantic City for 4th of July vacation , and going to live it up in true < PROPMALE > style . 4th class motel room , cold Pop Tarts and Chef Boyardee , and a crisp five dollar < PROPMALE > for the slots . 
Having sex on a beautiful night , at 3am , on a dock on the river was a brilliant idea . Shame I wasn't in a position to enjoy it . Glad somebody else was . 
Corn goes in one end . Out the other end comes corn . 
Just woke from three(at least three ) simultaneous dreams , with the dreams interlaced among each other , like a movie following the action in multiple places and cutting between them . 
They tell me not to , but I still drinks it . 
I do like using the term \crapping out another one\ " when speaking of pregnancy . " 
I'm thinking of modeling my life on the \Comic Book Guy\ " from the Simpsons instead of \ " The Dude \"." 
At this point must say I'd rather drink milwaukee's best than < PROPMALE > or coors . It's premium ! It says so right on the can . 
If a button was placed in front of you that would kill eveyone in the world directly involved with Islamic terrorism , would you push it ? 
When I grow up I wanna be a space janitor . 
Watching the NBA Draft . Utah picked 9th , and just took the best white guy in the draft . Big surprise there . 
Facebook is recommending Barack Obama's < PROPFEMALE > to me since six of my friends like him . Oh Facebook , you so crazy ! 
U.S. States I have pissed on :\ 
Massachusetts , New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania , West < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , North < PROPFEMALE > , South < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Florida , Michigan , Ohio , Kentucky , Tennessee , Indiana , Illinois , Minnesota , Iowa , Missouri , Arkansas , Texas , Louisiana , Oklahoma\ 
U.S. States I probably have pissed on :\ 
New Hampshire , Connecticut , Delaware , Alabama , Mississippi , Wisconsin , Iowa , California 
In 1993 , if you would have told me Bon Jovi would still be a popular act in 2010 , I probably would have killed myself right then . 
Just got finished watching New < PROPFEMALE > , which reestablishes that deep down in my soul I have always been a 16 year old girl . 
Old guy from Cheers is stealing my mojo ! I invented walking away from a hotel breakfast buffet holding an entire plate of bacon ! If he's going to use it in a commercial , I want fucking royalties ! 
Living in the hood has drastically increased my appreciation for grape soda . 
Urinal cakes just aren't that tasty , in my experience . 
Just got glasses and an eye exam from hot babes . Hot babes make everything better , especially cute asian optometrists . 
I'm looking for a movie to watch while licking Easy Cheese off of the plasma screen . Something that isn't porn . 
Airwolf is an awesome show . God I love bittorrent . 
I think I'm going to devote this afternoon to science , exploring the effects of gasoline on fire . 
Penis 
Gotta love 80s TV , where Russian KGB agents are armed with MAC-10s , the Russians use WWII surplus equipment , and the Air Force flies the oldest planes the Air National guard has to offer . 
I'm finding that < PROPFIRST > Adams is not a home beer . Its the first thing that I order when I'm out , but I don't see myself buying another case anytime soon . 
There's more porn on this computer than computer . 
I get to enjoy the rest of my work day soon , in particular the salt of my customers ' tears . 
It's 6:18 AM and I'm halfway through my second monster energy drink . This would be unremarkable if I woke up this morning , as opposed to the previous one . 
is celebrating < PROPFEMALE > with his dear friend \Hospitality\ " Corn Flakes " 
Gotta love it when work calls at 7:30 am when you're on staycation . Sad that there will be no Atlantic City this week , since I don't trust my car any farther than I can throw it . 
Pills . They make the phone calls go away . 
Time to go hand 88 bucks to the government . 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , now starring in Caged Heat 2010 ! 
Damn you BBQ Sauce ! Go die in a fire ! 
My Soccer wish came true , we're going to have a new champion . Now I can kill myself for caring about Soccer . 
5 days into staycation and I just now realize I'm sitting on a freezer full of ice cream . 
Gotta love reading random news snippets . Here's a good one :\ 
Do iPads help you pray ? 
Fuck you Kansas 
You people can all blow me where the pampers is 
Gotta love Blizzard BattleNet Customer Service phone calls . 
Addiction is a bitch . Guess I'm off the wagon . 
My new baby arrived today . Happy times . 
Global warming sucks 
Got my new computer , played Warcraft for a week straight , and maybe now I can get back to my main pastime of posting stupid crap on facebook . Then again another week of nonstop Warcraft may be in order . 
I was raised by a cup of coffee 
I must say I don't appreciate being called an ignorant racist by the Democrat party and their media lapdogs . 
I apologize in advance for imprinting on sensitive opinions , but politics is going to be one of my primary interests until the republicans destroy the democrats in November . 
Anyone ever notice how < PROPFIRST > Smith usually doesn't play guitar in The Cure videos , at least not the videos when The Cure was at the top of their game . I consider the unique guitar work of < PROPFIRST > Smith to be one of the highlights of The Cure's sound . 
It took Bush six years to destroy the republican party . Obama is on the verge of destroying the democrat party in less than two . Here's to greater efficiency in government . 
I got to call 911 tonight , for the fire department . Made my night . 
Something is just wrong with the universe when you see < PROPFIRST > Sajak on Jeopardy . 
I am going to miss living on a property that has four people in residence and seven cars . 
There is a peaceful , if uncomfortable silence in spending your first night alone in a new home . 
In the past , I watched 5 minute snips of Supernatural while flipping channels and my impression was that the show was a bad cliche . After hearing good things about the show from friends and watching full episodes I've come to the conclusion that the show is the good kind of cliche . 
I still can't get over the image of the top U.N. Bureaucrats meeting at an alpine retreat , plotting to take over the world . 
To define why I am now hooked on the TV show Supernatural , I would say I like the show because it avoids being another \fighting evil\ " show like Buffy/Angel by using the story structure of cop shows with the aesthetics of good horror movies . " 
THIS IS THE < PROPFIRST > APPRECIATION DISCUSSION !! Post your most memorable < PROPFIRST > moments here ! 
Supernatural just gave me what might be my favorite TV moment ever . Satan is no match for The Impala . 
I am angry at myself right now . I'm listening to 80's metal on satellite radio , and upon hearing a song I've never heard before correctly identified the artist as Enuff Z ' Nuff . I suck balls . 
As far as Hugs , the little juice drinks in plastic barrels , go I hate the purple ones . The red ones I would describe as red flavored . The blue ones are blue flavored . The purple ones taste like grape flavor , which I find inappropriate . 
Boobs 
Ok , so I walk into wawa to use their restroom , and after doing what needed to be done noticed there was no toilet paper . In addition , there was only one stall in the mens room , and no paper towels either . It was at this point I used the Internet to find the phone number of this wawa , and then called the store to ask them to bring me some toilet paper . The moral of this story is that the iPhone changes everything . 
When waiting in line at the DMV , is it too much to ask for little children to cry in English ? 
Drink enough beer and any surface becomes a bed . Drink a little more and it also becomes a toilet . 
Well , Democratic control of the government is now over . Hallelulah ! 
2010 McRib count currently at 2 . 
I have recently discovered that the defroster in your car is also useful for defrosting frozen Gatorade 
Gatorade saga : part III\ 
If I drank my Gatorade dildo after it melted , does that make me gay ? 
