Goodbye 2009 . Now we enter the double digets , 2010 . 

is hoping here sore neck will feel better tomorrow . 
is staring out into the abyss and wondering what in the world she could possibly add to her essay about obesity . 
Wishing that I could somehow fly to England , hop into a movie theater to see a movie , and fly back . 
Just watched a short film , \Butterfly Circus\ " . Sweet story . It nearly made me cry at the end . " 
Just got back from the PSAT . I don't think my mind is going to function properly for the rest of the day . 
I have decided that Heathcliff is a sensational name . I will have to give the name to a dog or something . 
Just finished my final essay , and my brain is fried . I just hope it sounds good , because at this point , I don't think I'd be able to tell . 
Happy Birthday Mom ! 
Why do some characters in books have to be so confusing ? 
So it begins .... Chemistry .... 
Panthers are doing good so far ... Let the creamage of the Saints BEGIN !! 
We lost ... Extrme dissapointment ... 
Weekend , yes ! I get to sleep in :) 
Thanksgiving , say hello to lots and lots of food . 
Decorating the house with the sound of christmas music in my ears ... I love Christmas ! 
Ahhh !!! I have to send my story in tomorrow and the stinkin ' website is malfunctioning . Why , oh why , did I wait to look up the information at the last minute ... That thing better be up by tomorrow or else I just spent these last few months for nothing !!! 
Ugh ... Sick . Stuffy nose and foggy head , I have a feeling I'm not going to get a lot of sleep tonight . 
Mucus , I hate mucus ... 
Dark Energy , Dark Energy , how doth thy end ? 
Chemistry is over ! Time for the Christmas celebration to begin . 
< PROPFIRST > won So You Think You Can Dance ! Yay ! I'm so happy :) 
Last night I saw what was probably the most visually beautiful movie I have ever seen in my life . Avatar ... 3D ... IMAX . Oh Yeah ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody !!!! 
Christmas was amazing :) 
I figured out that I have see 33 movies in the theater this year ... Wow , I don't want to even think about you much money that adds up to , but , they were worth it , well , most of them :) 
Ahhh , ' Tis finsished . 
I wish there was some kind of machine that would zap other languages into to my brain , like in that one movie \Outsider\ " . That'd be awesome . " 
Given the choice , would you rather be a spy , or ninja ?.... I'd probably have to choose ninja . They just look so awesome , and I could possibly get to weild a Katana ... Wow , I really am a dork :) 
Nerds on Fire , Brains of < PROPFEMALE > , haha . 
I hate < PROPFIRST > . Why does he aleays have to be bad . You'd think he'd learn from his mistakes . But no , not him ... Wow , I really get way too into books sometimes . 
I hate , I repeat , I hate eczema . My arm feels like it's burning . 
Attempting to see Avatar again today , hopefully the fire alarm doesn't go off this time :) 
When you're playing a video game , and you start dreaming about it , you know it's bad . 
If we didn't change in appearance as we got older would a twenty-year-old still be grossed out about dating a forty-year-old , I mean everyone would like they were in their twenties right up until they died .... Just thinking . 
Oh , the sweet taste of victory . Juniors take the the win from Homecoming 2010 . 
Wow , < PROPFIRST > Keats had a really depressing life . Why is it that all genius writers have the saddest lives ? 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . It was an awesome birthday :) 
I'm so tired ... I guess that's what happens when the Olympics are on . 
YES ! the USA is ahead in medal count , and < PROPFIRST > White did amazing on snowboarding , now all I need to be completely satisfied with this year's Olympics is Apolo Ohno to go out with a bang and win gold . :) 
Gladiator , The Patriot , Ong Bak 2 , I think I have officially watched enough guy movies :) 
I finally beat Mass Effect 2 ! YES !! 
Well , the Olympics are over , sad but true . USA ends with the most medal count , sadly not the most gold , but I guess that's okay . 
is praying that school is delayed tomorrow . Let it snow , let it snow , or even better let it ice . 
I love the brain . It's so complex and crazy . I'd love to study Neurology . Kind of geeky , but so cool . 
Ahh , I love writing . I just need to force myself to not stay up till midnight doing it . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is full of a bunch of idiots . Please , don't take offense , I am merely stating a sad but true fact . 
Loving this season of 24 . Definitely was surprised this last episode . 
Just finished reading one of the best books ever . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > :) 
“Shall the sword devour forever ? Do you not know that it will be bitter in the latter end ? How long will it be then until you tell the people to return from pursuing their brethren ? ” ... Ahhh , Pure Poetry , got to love it :) 
Is it ever really possible to be completely objective ? Because in the process of trying to be objective , you are in a sense be subjective . Right ?... I don't even know if I'm making sense right now . 
So , the Spring Break Movie Marathon begins . First up Schindler's List ... I know I'm going to cry . 
Well , everyone , Tuesday , March 30 , I will spend the whole day without saying a single word . Just a little experiment of mine . Just want to see what it feels like to not say anything for a whole day . I know , I'm weird . 
So , I made it to Five O'clock today . I am both proud and disappointed in myself . ( Tell me how that works . ) However , in my defense there were some hilarious events that transpired that made it nearly impossible for anyone to keep a vow of solemn silence . But I did enjoy my six or seven hours of silence , and discovered some interesting things . In other words , I think it was quite a success . :) 
Attempted to watch the Passion of the Christ last night ... yeah , great time for < PROPFIRST>'s PS3 to decide it's having problems . 
Break , almost over :( 
LOVES Cookies :) 
Looking at colleges always makes me stressed . Not exactly sure why , but it just does :( 
So , I know that every girl is supposed to be in love with < PROPFIRST > Pan when they're younger . I guess I just missed that memo . Sorry J.M. < PROPFIRST > , no hidden kiss here . 
wants a Japanese soda with that weird ball inside it :) 
In another life , I could be an FBI profiler . That would be a fun job , getting inside the heads of serial killers and murders , and figuring out what makes them tick ... That doesn't make me sound disturbed , does it ? 
Staying up way too late on a continual basis . It's those darn books , and my own madness that don't start really writing until it's eleven o'clock at night . 
Just started reading < PROPFEMALE > Eyre . It's huge , but it's good :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Eyre is making me depressed :( Only 100 pages to go . I have a feeling this isn't going to end happy . 
Burned :( 
Prom ... Tonight ... On a Boat :) 
LOVE YOU MOM ! 
... :) 
No Ice cream ! * Crying a river of tears * :( 
Series Finally of 24 on tonight . I have a feeling < PROPFIRST > is going to die . Sad , but it would be a fitting end for him . 
Farewell < PROPMALE > Cowell . Your insulting but truthful comments will be dearly missed . :( 
is in a strange mood . Not sure what to do . 
School is over !!!!!! 
.... SAT ..... Tired .... 
\We are an impossibility in an impossible universe . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Bradbury " 
Thunder and Lightning , God's very own firework show :) 
Craving brownies , and am therefore making them at eleven o'clock at night :) 
Toy Story 3 .... Amazing ! 
Haha , Blue arrows and Orange , my soon to be wardrobe choice =D 
I think I just saw one of the worst movies of my life . 
Um ... It's late . 
Incredibly disappointed . Figures , it was the Achilles . Well , farewell < PROPFIRST > , you were the best dancer on the show :( 
Just watched Little Women , suddenly I feel like watching Batman Begins . :) 
Thinking , actually quite a good deal . I hope this is a good thing . 
I seriously just spent over an hour watching the Oldspice responses . I don't I can laugh anymore . 
Just saw Inception , Amazingly awesome . My mind is still processing . 
Just figured out that a new < PROPFEMALE > Eyre movie is coming out next year . Maybe there is hope for Bronte's cherished work . 
\Love needs no extraordinary circumstances to be in itself extraordinary . \"" 
I'm going to journey on a fourteen hour car ride , and I have no book to read . This is a < PROPMALE > problem . 
Leaving tomorrow for Massachusetts . 
I can't believe my brother is getting married tomorrow . Just a little surreal . 
Got to sleep in my own bed last night , absolutely wonderful 
SYTYCD season 7 is over . < PROPFIRST > is still the winner in my book , but congratulations < PROPFIRST > . 
Realizing how messed up our English language is . Cleave is an antonym to itself . This is just messed up . 
Was just stuck in traffic for three hours ... Traffic certainly has a way of bringing out the worst in everyone around you and even yourself . First you have the people who drive on the shoulder , and you feel like cussing at them for their insolence . Then you get yourself so worked up and angry that you find yourself screaming and honking at the car in front of you for letting another poor soul into your < PROPFIRST > . 
Pondering about why forbidden romance attracts us girls so much . If it's in movies , TV shows , or books it always triggers a response . What is it about the unobtainable that intrigues us so ?.. Maybe I'm over-thinking this just a little . 
Happy Thoughts 
Only one more day of summer left . :( 
Can't get this right :( 
If I were to ever get a tattoo , I wonder what it would be . ( No one freak out , I'm NOT getting a tattoo , just pondering . ) 
Now I get to write something fun :) 
loves laughing . 
Got to love a man in uniform . ;) 
I've decided that some Authors should stick to writing in their genres . When they don't some strange things can come out . 
Ahh , sweet weekend . I've been waiting for you . 
Wondering how interesting it would be if the world was shaped like a cube instead of a sphere . Hehe , lots of fun to be had . 
\Lefou 
I just learned from my sister that she thinks I'm a loser . I'm not sure how I'll deal with this blow to my ego . 
Um ..... Hmmmm ..... Yep , nothing's coming . 
I don't think I'll ever look at oranges in the same way ... 
Can't find my flash drive , freaking out just a little . 
I like it in the corner . 
Great big globs of ... Greasy , grimy gofer guts , mutilated monkey meat , concentrated < PROPFEMALE > feet .. That's what I had for breakfast ! 
It's only two months till Christmas ! 
Had a wonderful surprise today . I love it when friends come to visit . :D 
Just watched a movie where a woman fullfilled the dream of every girl across the globe . She married Mr. < PROPFEMALE > . Ah , such a delightful idea :) 
If I were a < PROPMALE > girl .... 
Just got accepted to Queens ! Can you say \Boo-ya ! \"" 
Smiles :) :D 
Watched < PROPMALE > Python and the Holy Grail for the first time yesterday - randomest thing I've ever seen , but nonetheless hilarious . 
Just realized I have to write a paper for English tonight ... crap :( 
FOOD !!! 
... It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas :) 
I love staring at my christmas tree till the lights all blur together and it looks like a bunch of < PROPFEMALE > stars in my living room . :D 
I feel like I just killed one of my babys ... Though I guess I should get used to it . It's all just preparing me for a ruthless editor . 
I have a ringing in my ears and I'm afraid I may not get to sleep becuase of it , but it was worth it - funness and music always are :D 
So I forgot that I have a Bibly paper due tomorrow - great :( 
Scholarship essays , I hate you X ( 
VERY happy ! I finally finished all of the < PROPFEMALE>'s scholarship essays . They are all sent away , and I am done with them forever :D 
This paper isn't coming out very prettily :( 
Baking cinnamon rolls :) 
Please oh please , weather PLEASE cooperate and let it be a White Christmas 
Christmas was white and spectacular ! 
People's Choice Awards , I'm not exactly sure what to say to you . The only word that is streaming through my head is ... Wow . 
Realizing that there's a serious possibility for no school at all this week . 
SNOW ! SNOW ! SNOW ! SNOW ! SNOW SNOW ! SNOW ! SNOW ! SNOW ! SNOW ! SNOW ! SNOW ! SNOW ! SNOW ! and NOOOOO SCHOOOOOL !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Globes , let's hope you don't disappoint . 
If I were a frog ... 
I always feel embarassed for the people I watch on tv that make absolute fools of themselves . It's almost hard to watch them . 
Anymore seasons of 24 and I'm seriously going to become paranoid . If I ever go to Los < PROPFEMALE > , I am making sure I have a plan to get out of there fast . Never know when a nuclear bomb or deadly virus will be released . 
should be writing my essay right now ... but I'm not 
Well , it's official . I am an adult :) 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s home ! Yay !! 
I forgot how much I love going to the theater . Two months was too long . 
Aside from the < PROPMALE > disappointment in Best Original Song , the Oscars was pretty good this year . 
Thunder Storms : God's firework show . Gotta love ' em 
Muahahaha ! I am the Black Knight ! 
Best Prom announcement ever :D 
Nature can be a rather unforgiving force at times .. 
Feeling like an old lady :( 
Sick of writing papers . Can I just get abducted by aliens and have them write a paper on what they think a hero is ? I'm sure it would be ten times more interesting than whatever I manage to get on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Celebrating the anniversary of the sundae ... I love ice cream :) 
