LOVED the Pubic Enemy's movie last night !!! 

Shark Week get EXCITED ! 
Nap Time ! 
Can't talk ... Thank you Cold , how very thoughtful of you . 
is ready for Mock Trial to be over so she can go < PROPFEMALE > out with her new BFF < PROPFIRST > ! 
Ah Blink 182 and all of their good Memories ... Mock Trial comes to an end tonight I'm not exactly sure how I feel about that but Over all its been a Great day ! 
My first trip to the mail box was interrupted by a police officer telling us to go back inside ... I have no idea whats going on ... 
My schedule is now complete ! 
My new schedule includes : Evaluation and Assessment of Injuries to the Lower Extremities , Sunken Continents Lost Tribes and Ancient Astronauts , Introduction to African American Studies , Swine Production , Basic Horsemanship , Violence in the Family , Employee Benefits , Industrial Hygiene ... Ah the classes MTSU offers 
loves the snow and just relaxing in bed . 
Hates packing ! I shouldn't have waited untill last minute to do this , I know i'm going to forget something . 
-Mood :) for this early in the morning . 
had a great first day back to school I loved all of my classes hopefully tomorrow will be this good . 
Rainy Day+ Umbrella , Rain-Boots , Ipod , and Cooking = A recipe for success ! 
Thanks for all the Birthday Wishes :) 
“To whom much is given much is tested Get arrested guess until he gets the message I feel the pressure , under more scrutiny And what I do ? Act more stupidly” 
A clear conscious makes for a soft pillow :) 
It's not flirting , it's called having a laugh with the opposite sex . 
\As good as advertised ! \"" 
Why so serious ? 
Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood , all's well that ends well :) 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . The goal ? Until Monday , December 6 , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but a stash of memories . This is a campaign to eliminate violence against children . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends ... 
I'm really going to miss Two and A Half Men , Thank Goodness < PROPFIRST > Sheen is his own man who now has his own web cast to keep the world entertained with his crazy winning attitude . 
Predators VS Ducks Tomorrow Night :) 
