hopes XC is cancelled because i'm not going 

has nothing to post for a status message 
is going to his sister's graduation tomorrow 
just realized it's been about a year since i've logged on AIM 
thinks motivational songs make lame status messages so ... You will be shown how I've become indestructible determination that is incorruptible from the other side , a terror to behold annihilation will be unavoidable every broken enemy will know that their 
could use some chipotle right now 
is updating his status 
GO PACK !!! 
how many statuses can three people write about the packers in 2 minutes ? 
what's history homework for mr. knapp ? 
i missed school ; what's homework for wickard , knapp , and zagar 
You have been blocked from sending chat messages because you repeatedly misused this feature . This block will last anywhere from a few hours to a few days . When you are allowed to reuse this feature , please proceed with caution . Further misuse may result in your account being permanently disabled . For further information , please visit our FAQ < PROPFEMALE > . .... are you kidding me ? 
really ??? six people posted that they're watching glee ??? i've never even seen it . 
is going to drop < PROPFEMALE > off in pittsburgh later 
is devastated . He just found out that his sister likes < PROPFIRST > Swift . 
is not a fan of writing outlines 
can't wait to eat shrimp 
history project 
They kept trying to attack my cousin , what would you do in a situation like that ? 
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . 
is about to start the english project that's due tomorrow 
On average , facebook generates and sends over 400,000,000 e-mails every minute . -wiki . answers 
why are there so many old people on facebook ? there are more than 9 times as many people 55 years and older on facebook than there were last year and less than half as many college students . p.s. mom and dad , this would not be a good time to comment or like 
does anyone know what the track workout is today ? 
And be a juke box hero , got stars in his eyes , he's a juke box hero . He took one guitar , juke box hero , stars in his eyes . Juke box hero , ( stars in his eyes ) He'll come alive tonight 
? : 
does anyone else's internet freeze every time you use the microwave ? 
idk my bff < PROPMALE > 
ahhhh !!!!! facebook is different ........... again !!!!!!! 
is hacking < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s online textbook . muhahahahahaha ! 
should probably get started on his poetry notebook 
for the poems by other authors part of my poetry notebook , i am using poems by other students , so please send me your best poem if you have mrs. zagar . thanks 
now we're cookin ' 
does anyone have the terms we were supposed to add to our poetry terms list ? 
is leaving for kentucky in a few minutes 
1 here comes the 2 to the 3 to the 4 
Today , [ insert everyday event here ] . MLIA . 
wonders if anyone wants to go for a 1 1/2 hour run 
No one I think is in my tree , I mean it must be high or low . That is you can't you know tune in but it's all right . That is I think it's not too bad . 
the driving school just scheduled my in-car for the middle of may even though i took that class in november ! what was that about being ready to drive right after christmas break ? 
And be a juke box hero , got stars in his eyes He's a juke box hero , got stars in his eyes ( Just one guitar ) juke box hero , ( aah aah aaah ) got stars in his eyes He's just a juke box hero , aah aah aaah Juke box ( stars ) hero , ( stars , stars ) juke box hero , ( stars , stars ) He's got stars in his eyes , stars in his eyes 
Does anyone want to go on a run ? 
anyone in wadsworth , look toward the hospital and tell me if you can see my kite 
I was about to become a fan of \I hate the guy who takes P.E. too seriously\ " when I realized that person was me . " 
My sister put a bunch of flubber in a small plastic container and told me to punch it because it would hurt , and I couldn't resist . In mid-punch , I scrapped the inside edge of the container with my thumb , and it started gushing blood . She was right ... it hurt . MLIA . 
saw a maserati today at memorial park 
Hardcore Parkour 
How has putting together my portfolio made me a better writer , speaker , listener , reader , viewer of media , maker of media projects , and critical thinker ? Well , Mr. Zagar , I don't think it has .... 
i haven't yet started my essay for mrs. zagar yet 
how to i quote more than three lines of text ? i can't remember 
hippopotomonstrosesquipedalian - of or pertaining to extremely long words 
The safest city in the US is Amherst , NY . It is named after Sir < PROPMALE > Amherst , the inventor of biological warfare . Now that's irony ... 
what is the cookout before the sports recognition thing tomorrow , and which gym is the south gym ? 
4*(cosx)^2 - 8*sinx + 1 = 0\ 
can anyone tell me what x equals ? 
Why won't Facebook let me change my status ?!?!?! 
This is a jazzy fizzle produc-shizzle 
It only took 17 seconds on the dragster to lose my voice 
in 9 out of 10 cases , it's the exception that matters ... 
just got 1,924 ft on kitten cannon 
Now back to me .... I'm on a horse . 
Just created the Muffy ( muffins made from chocolate chip cookie dough ) 
the car broke down in pittsburgh and i had to stay with my sister for three days while it got fixed . i even had to wear the same clothes all three days . it wasn't all bad though ... i had my mom's credit card , so i got by ... cha-ching 
just started on summer reading 
has not posted a status since Aug . 18 
if i reset my birthday on here all the time , how long would it take before people catch on and stop saying happy birthday ? 
Message to Glee : LEAVE < PROPFEMALE > ALONE ! 
... made a toaster , shorted circuit , threw away the toaster , found the problem , reset the circuit , going to retrieve toaster from the trash ... mlia . 
You might think this vague status is referring to someone else ... you're wrong . 
you gotta see the pumpkin , you gotta lick the pumpkin , you gotta wash the pumpkin , you gotta date the pumpkin , you gotta BE the pumpkin ! 
remember , jesus is the reason for the season 
adjectives , adjectives , adjectives , what's that beyonce song ?... no ! adjectives 
WOOT WOOT !!! 
we are remixin the cpu in the buildin , okay ? it ' aint hardcore unless it's hexicore . we gotta get around the mega gigabytes to where it won't terrorize the processation , okay ? mega gigabytes , son ! everything in the computer needs my face on it , is what i'm sayin . t-pain , make it happen , holla at ya boy . 
