I welcome 2010 by sleeping in my own nice warm bed that i haven't seen in a loong time ! 

needs to find a dress for playing in the ceremony tomorrow 
we get yearbooks today ! 
is trying to upload her colt day photos but it ISN'T working ! 
schools out ! Taylors over ! 
is leaving for yakama soon . 
got back from Yakima yesterday night . I'm now sick of Dairy < PROPFEMALE > after having it 3 days in a row ... 
has to clean out her room ... that will be fun ... 
It's < PROPFIRST > Phelps birthday today ! 
happy 4th ! 
is finishing packing . Later night ? nevershoutnever concert !! 
Is at the Js house . 
happy birthday mom ! french silk pie ! YUM ! 
movie = ac = :) 
We tried to go to Ballenger Lake but it was on fire ... :( 
is pumped for Mexico ! well , California then Mexico . 
to Mexico ! :) 
campp ... sucked ! 
ice heat ice heat ice heat ice ... SORE ! :( 
backk from swim meet ! 
just got back from the Rootbeer Drive in . Surprisingly there was a car show going on , guess who had to go and look for a while ? 
back from swimming ! :) Mom is home ! 
doesn't really feel like packing for the 8th time this summer ... 
just found out she has to be at church by 8:30 am ... still has to pack ! 
STILL has to pack ! why am I such a procrastinator ?! 
is packing finally . 
going camping soon ! :) 
Back from a great youth retreat ! 
Gets to go take a real shower and sleep in her own real bed ! 
swimming tryouts today 
just got back from the mall with < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
Is ready for the new fridge to come so we don't have to keep using a cooler 
swimming was backstoke today , guess who doesn't like backstroke ? 
Aqua fridgee ! :) 
back from swimming :) 
has decided to start waking up early at 4:30 to get used to her school schedule ... we'll see how that goes :) 
just got back from Natalies . Swimming at st eds today . 
found out she had mrs padden again . a whole other year of hearing ' lets go to our dear friend miss vermurlen . ' 
Plummer , Bale , Montague , Padden , Park , Swenson 
back from firstday off school and first ' swim meet ' 
morning practice didn't do anything except make me wet . I'm still tired !! :( 
my hair is < PROPFEMALE > much shorter now it feels so weird 
is excited for the nex season of so you think you can dance starting wednesday ! 
back from Ponyo it was too cutee 
how super secret can the photoshop super secrets get if they are posted online ? 
is stuck on bales homework ! tonight ; SO YOU THINK YOU CAN DANCE && MENTALIST !!! 
youth group soon ! :) 
back from youth group 
indiana jones , vampires , handcuffs , recycling , morgues ... hmm what comes to mind ?? 
\Your hair smells almost as good as my armpit ! \ " swim team girls I love you ! " 
is doing the Bale project slowly but steadily . 
is hooked on mexican soap operas ... 
lost my voice . 
Manila Mango 
Swim meet ! 
the seasons skipped from summer to winter really fast . poor fall . 
caffineee ! :D 
gamee . :) 
blue skies and ... thunder ? crazyy weather !! SWIM MEET ! 
Snow white got with grumpy and had a pixie ? 
happy hallow everyone ! Homecoming tonight !! 
isn't aloud to use the < PROPMALE > for 3 minutes for filming Bale project , but is aloud to film with very old cam recorder for 20 seconds of film only to convert it onto the computer and imovie taking well over an hour ? Why even have modern technology if we aren't even going to use it ?! 
is having an out-of-it day . 
is < PROPFEMALE > nervous for districts today !! 
just got home from district finals !! :) 
Loves sleeping in ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is trying out for my swim team !! < PROPFEMALE > excited for her to swim with us ! 
Is going to the movies now :) 
wants to go to the store for some cake 
Ate spinach today . And really REALLY liked it . So much for < PROPFEMALE > doesn't eat anything !! 
wants to be a time traveler ! 
is laughing so much her side hurts with < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy turkey day ! 
I hate christmas trees now . or atleast putting them up . 
has gladly conformed to hair cut season ! 
WINTERFEST !! 
Winterfest was pretty much amazing . I think we need to square dance while ice skating 
happy national cake day ! 
if you step in some dog crap and you have to go somewhere really fast but the smell is too horrid what do you do ? Throw the shoe out the car and dangle it from someones armwhile you drive ! Total sense . 
breakk ! Amazing weekend ahead ! lock innn tonight 
Leaving for the swim meet C : 
Should start packing for Minnesota soon because i haven't even started yet ... 
My dad is a very funny person . 
is leaving for the flight to minnesota soon ! 
Is in Minnesota ! C : Gaterade anyone ? 
is fish a meat ? 
No snowmen for me . : C however ... a fort is in the process . I love the snow ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
well .... neither is < PROPFIRST > Cullen . 
I never knew some women ate watermelon with such lust in their eyes . I've been eating ? it all wrong ... 
Found out today that even when you see air underwater , you can't breath it back in . 
had her braces taken off then put back on and then ripped back off to be put back on yet again . my mouth hurts like crazy now . 
thinks im getting better at this cordinating thing . today i opened a door and THEN walked into it 
knowing I'm not that old I still wish I could stay young forever ! 
spilled 10 pounds of sugar ... I hope that doesn't give me bad luck 
thats what you get for procrastinating . 
My inner 3-year-old is calling out to me ... 
people never change . 
Is that your pot dough ? 
State for swimming today ! Go sharks ! 
Did AWESOME at state and is now qualified for regionals ! Idaho here i come ! 
It should be the weekend for forever . 
Started off the day setting off the fire alarm . Ended the day with a pan of under cooked brownies . 
\Quick ! Make me cry ! \"" 
Cleaned her room ! 
Hasn't taken a shower at home in like 3 weeks . 
I'm going to be lazy and not dress up for viking monday . 
good essay = 10% inspiration , 15% perspiration , & 75% desperation 
Rainbow classic tomorrow . swimming 50 back , 500 free , 50 fly , 100 free , 50 breast , 50 free , plus relays . It's going to be an awesome meet ! 
2010 Vancouver Olympic commercials beat the super bowl commercials hands down . 
Had a good swim meet . I punched some ' 13-year-old superstar ' swimmer kid right in the face on accident and sprained my pinky . that made my valentines day . 
< PROPFEMALE > of all things made in a blending machine . cept for when i make them start on fire . 
39 days til easter , 15 til regionals , and 8 until my birthday C : 
< PROPFEMALE > is back from the hospital ! 
Black sweaters + dog hair = walking static electricity maker . 
Im a veggetarian except when i eat meat 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! Im ready to hit the road ! 
Last minute packing then off to school ! < PROPFEMALE > excited for regionals 
because its holy week we shouldnt have to have any test . maybe its against my religion and i just dont know yet . but still . no tests . 
It's most definitely an option that I should become a shoulder massagist as soon as I can find out how to say it right 
Eating cookie dough ! I feel like a baby having my back wisdom teeth come in a , ready ... 
Cannibalism vegetarians eating human tofu something ought to be wrong with this ... 
It's a very sad day when a grown 15 year young girl has to ask her mom how to make macaroni and cheese . Good thing I've learned now ! 
No matter how fancy you dress you can always act like a 4 year old . 
Kind of suprised that throwing 4 bowling balls down the < PROPFIRST > all at the same time didn't get anyone kicked out of the bowling alley ... 
The sun needs to stay just like it was today for the rest of summer 
The child has no more sense than God gave a screwdriver ... hahahaha 
has a carbon footprint of 7.05 earths used if everyone lived like me . Good thing most people dont live like me ! Happy earth day ! 
I recently discovered my dog has a fetish for panties by giving people a ' i want to get in you pants ' look . 
my school was set on fire today . but its all good . it was only set on fire a little . 
My 10 cents fish from 3 years ago is still alive , my fish that I just got on saturday died with in 3 days . Sad ? I think so . 
Moat < PROPFEMALE > has 1 fish then she buys 2 more fish then suddenly all die within one day of the other . Suspicoius much ? 
The VerMurlen girls have a talent for feighting at the weirdest times . Today's win goes to < PROPFEMALE > VerMurlen for passing out while taking a bite of her taco . I knew there was a reason I didn't like Mexican food . 
May the 4th be with you ! 
Why is it that when ever I'm thirsty I never have any water so I always have to resort drinking other peoples drinks ? 
What ? Has the day finally come where huge < PROPFEMALE > man deoderant has run out and now she doesn't have to smell like man all the time !? Oh yes world . It has happened . 
For some reason in our house we have DVD , blu-Ray , ps3 , iPods , ipads , wii , and VCR players but we don't own ANY cd players ! 
My nightmare started when my coach said is was going to be a fun practice . 
While swimming in the meet today doing the 1650 I couldn't stop thinking about how much the pool tasted like walnuts and why it would even taste like walnuts in the first place ... 
Has caught the infection of saying \sad day\ " repeatedly . Who else have I spread the disease to ? " 
Waiting for my man cookies to come out of the oven is like waiting for someone to come out of the delievery room . but then you get to eat the kids . even better ! 
Seeing cool whip on your body reminds me of the rabie foam that fizzles out of my mouth . 
That's it I want to go flash mobbing . 
Went to swim practice wearing socks and didn't remember to take them off before I swam . It gave my coaches quite the laugh 
Got a speeding ticket for pushing a wheel chair too fast today . I swear . People in wheel chairs like to go fast too ! 
When ever I go to a fancy resturaunt you can always tell where I sat because it looks like a 2 year old ate there and left a mess . 
It's weird not having any of my big sisters in the house lots of changes for the vermurlen household !! 
< PROPFEMALE > senior graduation , actual graduation , was 1 1/2 hours . Our fake 9th grad graduation ?? 3 hours !!!! 
Forgets to feed herself dinner when her parents go out of town ... 
Is a very dangerously graceful aerobic playground climber . C : 
Go to < PROPFEMALE > Dei church to get your car washed ! 11-130 . 3215 Larch way , lynnwood ! 
I love how when i scroll over words my computer instantly converts them into other languages . Thanks Petunia ! 
Laying the the middle of the freeway was a great idea . I want to be a troll that lives under a freeway bridge . 
Im tan from yakima ! well tan compared to me < PROPFEMALE > whiteness I usually am ... 
I wouldn't be very good at holding down parade balloons because the whole time I'd be thinking about how cool it would be if the giant balloon got loose ... 
What a way to start the day ! Back home from new York with the mission trip . Lots of stories and jokes to share . But after I catch up on my 3hr time change no sleep scheduel . 
Ooooooh goodness . tonight was too much fun . planning for friday night ? eveeeeen better ! 
\It's okay we can just heat up our food with our breath\ " Ohh how i love my < PROPFEMALE > dei family for putting up with me . " 
Im a master ship builder . Does that give me the right to command people to walk the plank ? 
As if I wasn't loud enough people now give me MICROPHONES ?! I'm loving this ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Melillo , < PROPMALE > Lange , < PROPFEMALE > Arsvold , Just thought you all should know , Im a terrorist who makes bombs disguised as playdoh so they can pass through security at airports and also use 3 and a half inch bladed scissors and gum wrappers to conduct my weapons of terror . be so frying panning afraid . but shh dont tell anyone . 
Saw Salt . It was amazing . Now I'm waiting for the sequels Pepper and Paprika . 
Colorado has some amazing parks . Washingtons parks dont even compare anymore . 
Rollercoasters are awesome . Scream it like you mean it . 
Whats worse than not being able to work out is only being to do certain work out things . Now restricted on swimming : Breaststroke , butterfly , flip turns , being on back for too long , and pushing off the wall to hard . 
Should be in Mexico right now ... : C 
Doctor appointment for my back was today . Gooood news ! scoliosis isn't any worse . and all i should need is physical therapy . a lot of it . 
CANNOT wait for the day where my car smells like bethanys pants were ofcourse all of my choco chips are stored ! She's like the most amazing fry bank giver awayer 
Campingg ! Maybe this time i wont get hurt ? nahh . thats askin too much . I always get hurt somehow . 
feels awesome having air conditioning from spending the whole weekend havin an awesome time outside in the sun . 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming home tonight !! C : 
No more band camp . : C 
Didn't know you could do so many inapropro things with 2 male < PROPFEMALE > dolls .... Ransom Peterson , < PROPFEMALE > Arsvold thanks for discovering this with me . 
I'm watching more little kid shows on NickJr and Sprout than actual tv lately ... 
Full < PROPFEMALE > tonight you know what that means ... 
my classes this year : Defense Against the Dark Arts- Prof . Lupin , Carof Magical Creatures- Prof . Hagrid , Transfiguration- Prof . McGonagall , Potions- Prof . Snape , History of Magic- Prof . Binns , and Charms with Prof . Flitwick . 
forgot how truely awesome it was to get dressed right out of the dryer . made my day . 
Seattle vs Minnesota , Mariners vs . Twins . \ 
Who will win ?! :O 
went to a vampire weekend concert . only vampire weekend wasnt there they were sick and being jerks about it . : C 
anyone able to give me a ride home from inglemoor tomorrow who has a 7th period who lives near kenmore brier area ?? 
The sleep deprivation is getting to me ... 
This weekend is going to be absolutely positively awesome . 
Is going to machine wash a dry clean only dress . I feel like a rebel . 
Went to Albertson's for the deca project . they wouldn't let me take a picture . then proceeded to go to the next albertsons . they let me take a picture too bad i had forgotten a memory card for my camera . helloo using crappy cell phone camera pictures for important school projects ! 
stoned to death , rocked to sleep . \ 
Same thing riiiight ? 
Pretty much doing props for deca as we speak for presenting tomorrow . Yeeeah . 
gets to sleep in tomorrow til like 7 . I'm diggin it . 
My mom destroyed all hope of me getting up later . looks like I will be waking up the same time as every other teenager out there . Which is still later than normal for me . haha 
Lost my voice . awesome . somehow it never kept me from talking though . awesome weekend with go nad < PROPFEMALE > Carrigan , manmanman < PROPFEMALE > Tagle , < PROPMALE > Holt , < PROPFEMALE > VerMurlen , < PROPMALE > Lange , < PROPFEMALE > Arsvold , and others that I can't name cuz i ran out of tags . :D Manhanda I have a bump on my head because of that glowstick ... 
I like it on the table . 
\Mom what are you watching ? \ " \ " Chinas got talent\ " \ " Well they dont sound like the best singer ... \ " \ " Hes playing the piano with his toes and singing at the same time . \ " \ " thats pretty impressive ... \ " ahahhaha\ 
Going to tea parties brings out my English accent . 
Sometimes I dont even understand what i say either ... 
Last Wednesday night band practice 
everything feels like pants ! 
< PROPMALE > POTTER . 18 days . \ 
let the countdown begin . 
Fall and winter inspire me to be more creative with my life 
Friends don't let friends drink Starbucks . 
What ? no more braces ?! YESS ! 
SO . FUNNAY . Just . sooo . funny . < PROPFEMALE > Arsvold , < PROPMALE > Lange , and ofcourse < PROPMALE > Holt . 
God needs to shut the freezer before we all get freezer burn ... 
Cabin fever has been kicking in . < PROPFEMALE > VerMurlen GET THE TOWEL . < PROPFEMALE > Arsvold you and your brother are just as bad as < PROPFEMALE > and me . C : 
< PROPMALE > Lange obviously watches cats drink from how skilled he is at it . but its okay i can still help him get the veeery last drop out without his cat drinking abilities . 
I dont like the doctors . So why do I keep seeing them so very often ? 
This happens every year . I get people christmas gifts . \ 
And then i forget to bring them to school , or i hind them somewhere so sneaky that i dont even remember where i put them . 
Why is it that AFTER people give me a knife they feel like it is a bad idea ? I mean , cmon , I'm < PROPFEMALE > vermurlen that is just an explanation right there on why things work . 
It's always me who always ends up running into screen doors , slipping into giant puddles of water multiple times , tripping over my own feet and falling on the scariest part of a haunted house , and falling into ditches that I was warned about not even a minute earlier . Ahhh gotta love those people who share those points in my life . 
Just got news from the radiologist . They think I have broken my foot . just got called back into the doctors office . Has gone to the doctors office wayyy too many times now ... 
The EXPLOSION . 2011 edition . I'm looking forward to it . < PROPMALE > Barnard , < PROPFEMALE > Carrigan , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Load up on your fiber now ! 
Is sick of the boot . Although running in it was quite amusing . I've worn it for 2 days now doesn't that mean some magical healing powers should have taken over and now I can take it off and go swim at state and run 10 < PROPMALE > and never have to worry again ? 
Black hair looks good on < PROPFEMALE > ? .... Something I never thought I would hear !! 
I must have had some < PROPMALE > Felicis , because I think I’m about to get lucky . \ 
< PROPMALE > Potter exhibit was the icing on the cake of a great weekend ! 
Why is there no one in the world like me ? 
I've always wanted to be < PROPFIRST > Pan . The one who never grows old . I can't fly , but swimming is the next best thing . It's < PROPFEMALE > and balance . The water is my sky . 
Sometimes you just gotta go all out and put 2 sugars in your coffee . Or in my case , put 12 mints in your mouth . 
No boot on the left foot . \ 
Walking version 2.0 of < PROPFEMALE > VerMurlen , now wheres all my left shoes ... 
I'm a new kind of < PROPFIRST > pan . \ 
The older I get my maturity gets younger . 
And I did it all in heels . 
Boiled fruit loops in alcohol at room temperature . I had a GREAT day . 
REGIONALS ! day one done ! C : 
Didn't get to swim at regionals today . Looks like I have a date with an orthopedic specialist about my foot . 
hasn't swam in 7 days ... \ 
Some how it's not that long of a time \ 
but it still kills me . 
Thanks to all those swimming guardians i have , < PROPFEMALE > Hoffman , < PROPFEMALE > Carrigan , and < PROPFIRST > Hoffman i get to have NO FUN at swimming . 
found some masking tape on my jacket today .... \ 
Sign of a great weekend ! \ 
\ 
Though it wasnt so great for < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > who now need bleach baths ... 
Guess who asked for Chinese food tonight ?? Can't say I don't like chinese food anymore and I have to say I'm glad ! C : 
' Lori . \ 
oh how that name rings in my ear . \ 
when I shut my eyes , she's all that appears . \ 
They call her a food freak , because she doesn't always eat that neat . \ 
Oh did i mention how she gets the meat ;) \ 
She's a wildabeast I tell ya ! \ 
Always running wild and free , doing whatever she please . \ 
Disturbing the old and corrupting the young and making the general public more and more confused .... 
Seems to be switching off injuries with < PROPMALE > . Right when I get out of the boot he breaks his ankle . Now he says hes going to be sending a broken left collar bone at me ... knowing me . It has a very good possiblity of happening . 
Watching shark attacks made me want to go surfing . So naturally , I went bathtub surfing today . 
