Goodbye 2010 , it has been a helluva year for me . < PROPFEMALE > , Texas , California , Virgin Islands all in one year . Where will 2011 take me ? Who wants to go along for the ride ..... lol ! Happy New Year to all my friends and family . Thank you for a wonderful year , I look forward to 2011 ... let's make it a year to remember !!!! 

nothing like a long walk on a rainy day .... clears my mind and soothes my soul . 
Today is a good day , I caught up on an old friend from back in the day ... He helped me to become the SHE U see . Before me , There was her ... No more now , as a potter shapes the < PROPMALE > - Way back when before I could see HE saw me . Thanks to HE who could SEE .... ( a diva original ) 
Bored ... restless ... is 36 too early to have a midlife crisis ? 
getting ready for work .... 2 12's micu crew see ya there !! ;+) 
Think I am reaching critcal care burnout .... 
Enjoy your weekend , do something different and unexpected !!! 
it's official .... me and baby girl out of GA for good end of May ..... 
I'm going back to school to study Psychology , maybe then I will undrstand how people rationalize why they do the inane things they do ..... 
I am truly happy now that I made the decision to follow my dream .... 
is at work jammin , anyone wanna dance ? 
rainy day , house to myself , good bottle of wine , Lord of the Rings DVD ( thanks Kareem !!! ) .... what more could I ask for ? 
Why do men always feel the need to call ex's and sing their ' shoulda , coulda , woulda's ' when they knew they had a good woman , and left her for some trash ? 
off to Tex/Mex border ... any bringback requests ? 
Whatever u give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give u a baby . Give her a house , she will give u a home . Give her groceries , she will give u a meal . Give her a smile and she will give u her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if u give her crap , be ready to receive a ton ... of shit . 
why is it the only time I can't pee is when I am required too(drug screen) ? I think I have micturation anxiety ... can I get some benzos for this ...? 
Thanks to all my MICU/SICU/11W/RT friends , I will miss you at work but will < PROPFEMALE > you all in my heart while I am in TX and beyond . You have taught me < PROPFEMALE > much about friendship and myself .... I wish I could have worked with you all one last time ... 
just crossed into LA and it is beautiful ... might hit New Orleans for lunch .... mmm etoufe or maybe gumbo 
just got pulled over for driving in passing < PROPFIRST > ( like a lot of other people ) except I was profiled ... for being Georgian ! lol 
officer Herpin ( real name , I swear ! ) said I was giving HIM A hard time ... I would never ' intimidate ' a state trooper . hahahaha 
TEXAS !!!!!! Yes !! only been driving since 0230 this morning ... what's 6 more hours ? 
224 < PROPMALE > to go .... thanks for the support everyone who called , texted , and FB ... much love to you 
I'm here !!!! Thanks for keeping me company on my 1273 mile journey !!! 
Uhh Ohhh ... jus got word Cinco De Mayo party on the Island tonight !!! Gonna get my karaoke on . 
Today is a good day .... I'm ventilating , perfusing , afebrile , able to pee and have AROM ;) 
do not put me in a cage , I was meant to be free . if u want to settle down do you . there is too much world out there for me to see and experience 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's on FB today !!! 
Ok , the weekend is here ... who's grillin ? who's fishin ? who's jus chillin ? 
Stress : The body's psychological response to slap the shit out of someone who desperately needs it . 
what you dish out in life is what you get back .... how you get it back is not always the way you dish it out .... but it does come back to you . 
\Love is looking into their eyes and not just seeing them but seeing the rest of your life . \ " \ 
exhausted .....!!!! I have now officially driven cross country by myself . The southern part of the US is is beautiful . maybe drive cross country in the northern part in a few years ... wish my kids and tookah could have seen all the beauty and industry with me ... 
Happy Memorial Day to all my Active Duty , Reserve , and National Guard friends and relatives today . You are honorable , selfless , outstanding , and worthy of recognition 365 days of the year . Your sacrifice can never be truly measured in words , nor can it be repayed adequately with any gift . I thank you all from the bottom of my heart for each and every day you have chosen to give in service to this country . 
Special thanks to my father < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Blackmon ( USN , USS Nimitz ) R.I P . \ 
Special thanks to my daughter Chardaunauy < PROPFEMALE > Blackmon ( Army National Guard , Afghanistan deployment 2009 , 2010)\ 
Special thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Galey ( ARMY Nurse , Active deployment Iraq 2010 ) 
Why is it that day shift nurses are either late to work or slow to get report and night shift nurses come on the unit ready to work ? 
I have traveled many places ... no where is as hot as GA . AC at 0900 ? 
Wow !!! It was good to be home , glad I got to see those that I did ! To those I did see and talk to , Thanks for being a true friend . I now know in whose life I am an option and in whose I am a priority . 
Back on the grind , miss my girls , and my Tookah .... a mother should never have to leave her children just to provide for them ... single moms I know you feel me ... 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Blackmon >>>> keep your head up baby !!!!! You can get through this and don't look back . Don't let this situation define who you are ... if you want to change , then become the change you wish to see in yourself . I love you !!!!! 
How much wood would a wood < PROPMALE > , if a wood < PROPMALE > could < PROPMALE > wood ? LOL !!! 
I now realize that my happiness is the results of the decisions I choose for me . I can't stay bcuz u want me to . I will not stay caged for u to admire . Today I choose where and when I go and come back ( if I come back ) . My happiness starts with me ... NOW !!! 
if you had to choose work locations .... would u choose LA or ST < PROPFIRST > ? 
I thank God for this new day , a new start , a clean slate . . 
My mind is made up , thanks for all input . You know who you are ;) 
There is nothing like a slow sunrise in the Cali desert .... pictures are not adequate . 
Can Anyone tell me why my pt had a troponin of 5 yesterday , 2.6 today , CKMB in 200's with NO RHYTHM CHANGES ? pt came in dka 1800 ... K 4.2 .. help .. even cardiologist is befuddled ... Ryan ... Paul ... I expect feedback especially from you !! 
48 hours to take off !!! < PROPFIRST > San < PROPMALE > is gone again .... lol !!!! 
last night in St Thomas ... chillin with the ONE I love ....... 
having a great day ... priorities prioritized and countdown started ..... 
Ok back in Merced , CA . Back to work ... for those of you who sent texts , IM's and FB comments about my recent trip .... I am moving there the end of this month . You are more than welcome to come visit anytime .... stay as long as you like . 
It is Official .... August 24th ..... Me and Poody ... we are going home !!!! 
Just because you don't roll like I do , don't discourage me from doing what I do . God can take MUCH better care of me than you can . 
Today is a good day , I see you clearer than I did yesterday . And now I love you even more ...... 
Big shout out to those AWESOME , SUPER , PROFESSIONAL , HELPFUL , SKILLED , MAGNIFICENT , KNOWLEDGEABLE NIGHT SHIFT ER Techs at Mercy Merced Hospital in Merced CA . You guys rock !!! I miss you and am ever sooooo grateful to have worked with you . Thank you for putting up with and ol sourpuss like me :) 
Almost time to go , sooo many emotions as I do my final packing .... off to a new challenge . 
at the airport ... will we ever get home ?? 
jus landed . I am HOME !!!!!!!!! ;) 
thanking God for this day :) 
Today I realized I have a good man in my life , one who truly loves me for me . He didn't say any magic words , nor did he give me expensive gifts ... he gave of himself unconditionally . That is what AGAPE love is all about ..... \ 
I can't wait til tomorrow !! 
I thought bugs were big in New York .... here on the island they are the size of a small child !!!! 
chillin at island block party ... off da hook !!!! 
One love FB family ... be twice as blessed as I am . 
I just got here and they are already forecasting a hurricane for tomorrow ( first day of school too ! ) !!! 
it's raining here all gray outside . But I am not sad ... life is good ! 
Thanks for the prayers , love , and concern ! Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > is past and < PROPMALE > should be passing us tomorrow . School and almost all businesses are shut down ... sounds worse than it really is . I am just happy for the cool breezes .. lol !!! 
The storm is passing ... all is good . I just wish the mosquitoes would find another source of FOOD !!!!!! 
Thankful for another full of opportunity . 
... another day full of opportunity ! lol 
ok here we go , getting ready for another hurricane . They are boarding my house up like it has been condemned ! 
dinner on the < PROPFEMALE > , my feet up , gazing out to sea . Life is grand . 
I finally go work after \loafing\ " for 3 long weeks ..... hope I haven\ " t lost my \ " Nightingale\ " touch ..... lol " 
I love this man God has sent into my life . Lord help me to honor him and treat him like the < PROPMALE > he is . Thank you Lord for showing me how a man truly shows he loves a woman . 
I'm awake . someone please hit the snooze button on the rooster outside my window !!!!!!!!!! 
at work . life is good . I have lovely co workers . 
good night FB family ..... enjoy your weekend 
Today let's have a moment of silence for those we lost on 09-11-01 ..... let us teach our children the significance of this day . They need to understand what happened . Help them realize the true effects of acts of hate and ignorance on innocent people . I spent almost an half an hour last night trying to explain why THIS DAY is so significant in American history to my 15 year old . NEVER FORGET .... 09-11-01 .... 
jus chillin ...... 
Free to a good home : teenager extra moody , borderline cantankerous , pleasant and polite when things are going her way .... 
Today is a new day ... new possibilities , new adventures ... 
is gettin ready for work tomorrow . I never thought I would be a ' day shifter ' .... but I really like it !!!!!! 
having a beautiful day . I love my new home !!!! 
at work . love my job . love my family . love my paradise . jus full of love ! 
If you have a good woman in your life , who loves you , supports you , and makes you happy ... let her know . Don't make her guess how you feel , tell her . Taking one minute each day to make her feel special will keep you in her heart . It is called ' quality ' time , not ' quantity ' time . 
gearing up for my bday next week . shaking off old stuff , clearing out the closet of my heart and mind . 
thanks for all the birthday wishes !!!! I love you all , ;) 
tired ... today was rough but I am still standing . Today I am glad I am a nurse . 
I am off tomorrow ...! how many ways can you lay around and do nothing ? 
My baby < PROPFEMALE > brought home a wonderful progress report !!!! keep up the awesome work Casilda < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !!!!! I am < PROPFEMALE > proud of you ;) 
good night fb fam ... enjoy your weekend and be blessed . 
Today was the best day since I got here !! Worked on my tan , swam in the ocean , laughed and had a great time . Totally destressed . Thanks ( u know who u are ) for making it happen !!!! 
I have been blessed twice already today and it isn't even noon yet . Thank you Lord for watching over and my baby girl while we are far from home and those we love and miss . 
Tryin to save something worth saving .. with someone worth saving it with . Time will tell ........ 
my first ferry ride to St John .... to excited ! 
too tired to post on fb tonight ... lol 
lord ... help me not to cuss my coworkers out today !!!!!! 
happy to home ... staring out at the sea , I am at peace . 
< PROPFEMALE > happy , < PROPFEMALE > blessed . 
Thank God for Saturdays !!!!! 
Going to bed , < PROPFEMALE > thankful God has blessed me with the 3 most wonderful , talented , intelligent , caring , loving , beautiful children on the planet . Chardaunauy Elizabeth ... Isaiah Joel ... Casilda Maria .... I love you ! 
Good morning FB ... today is gonna be a great day ! 
island breeze .... one of God's greatest creations !!!! 
Turkey , stuffing , mac-n-cheese , yams , rice-n-peas , fresh vegetables , biscuits , gravy , chocolate cake ... Gettin started on that big meal ! FB fam you are all invited ;) 
Happy Thanksgiving FB family .... what are you most thankful for today ? Me ... waking up with a smile on my face and a song in my heart . 
Time to get busy making my future happen instead of just planning it . 
By escaping the Matrix I have found my Neo , and he has shown me things about me that I never knew existed . I feel < PROPFEMALE > good , < PROPFEMALE > o alive , < PROPFEMALE > loved . He is my teacher , my lover , my friend , my advisor , my doctor , my gift from God wrapped in smooth warm soft flesh for me to hold and be reminded .... if this man that he sent to me could love me like this ... how much more does HE love me ? 
Ready to get on with 2011 ! 
R I P Aunt Teen , I miss you ! Tell my daddy I said hello . To the fam in Henderson NC ... keep it strong and take care of Uncle T . 
Time to get up ... thank God for one more day . 
Good night FB .... 
There is a family reunion in heaven today ... Gma < PROPFEMALE > , Aunt Teen , and daddy . Rest in Peace , < PROPFEMALE > Turner . 
gettin ready to pack up my little one for her first solo flight back home ...... 
change of plans .... gotta go to work ... as usual ... no nurses .....! 
change of heart .... cheesecake and baby girl trumps work everytime !!! 
Today is a day of goodbye's .... and new beginnings 
I miss my kids .... a all I want for christmas is for all of them to be home ... at the same time ! 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the Xmas tickets !!!! 
it is official ... goodbye RLS , it has been an eye opening experience !!!!!!!! 
24 hours .... the countdown has begun . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and to my Spanish/Cuban family .... Feliz Navidad !!! 
If you are with someone you love today , count your blessings . There are many who have no one to say Happy Holidays to , or are far from their family , friends , and spouses . < PROPFEMALE > christmas to all those who are alone on this day . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all our deployed soldiers . < PROPFEMALE > christmas to all travel nurses who had to work this holiday . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to my family , both home and abroad . 
Only 364 more days until Christmas ! 
Lifes journey is not to arrive at the grave safely in a well preserved body but rather to skid in sideways totally worn out shouting daaaamn .... What a ride !!!!! 
just finished my first night shift , forgot how sweet it is .... ;) 
Finally ... a weeks worth of groceries for under $100 bucks !!!! No place like home ! 
hair did , eyebrows threaded , feet pedicured , nails done .... getting back to my ol sexy self !!!! 
waiting for my lil baby girl to arrive , her first cross country solo flight . Thanks to my big baby girl for getting her off safely !!! 
Settling in for a long winter's night ..... 
It is all about me now , time for me to do what is best for me . If you not are a supporter or encourager , get out of my way . Don't hate me for what I do or how I live , instead find inspiration to follow your own dreams in your own manner . I did not choose the path in life you are walking right now , so don't try to put up a roadblock in mines . 
Happy .... Happy ... Happy ... 
Finally found the perfect ER , no open positions !!!!! Murphy's law .... story of my life ! 
To my FB family and Friends , stay encouraged , follow your dreams , and continue to light up the world ! 
Everyone thinks of changing the world , but no one thinks of changing himself .... Leo Tolstoy 
Somewhere right now a NURSE is getting yelled at for being late with pain meds , while holding her bladder because she doesn't have time to pee , starving because she missed her break , being pooped/peed/bled on , and is missing her family while taking care of yours . In the minute you took to read this , NURSES all over the world are saving lives . Re-post this if you are a nurse , love a nurse , or appreciate one . ER !! 
Last time I EVER go to mall or any store other than Wal-Mart or grocery store with ANY of my children !!!!!! I can dress myself , have my own sense of style , and above all else .... FEELINGS ! 
Today is going to be a great day .... I feel it !!! 
It is a shame the way some people like to hide behind their family instead of facing their real personal and social issues . Family can be the most controlling factor in a person's life . Family can cost you a good relationship , job success , and overall happiness . 
Watching the LAST movie the late GREAT < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > made ... and loving it !!! 
Happy Birthday Chardaunauy < PROPFEMALE > Blackmon !!! 
Off to work .... hip hop hooray . 
Happy to be Nappy !!!! 
I no longer need your your attention .. tired of waiting around for something that's never gonna happen .. hope you find what you're looking for . ( you know who you are ... ) 
Nothing brings me more joy and happiness than spending my Saturday morning with a moody distant moody teenager . 
Today is a ME day , I will return all phone calls , emails , faxes , text msgs , and smoke signals tomorrow . 
So ready to go home !!! Patients plucking my LAST nerve !!!!!!!!!! 
I think it is time for an island get away .... any suggestions ? 
Seven days and counting ..... 
Six days and counting 
Five days and counting .... 
four days and counting ... and another double shift to pull ... 
4 days and counting .... 
Three days and counting .... I'm almost there ! 
2 more days and counting ...... ;) 
36 hours and counting ... 
Island bound the second time around . the perfect place to spend my V-day weekend ! 
almost there .... 
Finally landed , showered and listening to the sounds of the island . Good to be back , sorry my friends aren't here . Will enjoy tomorrow and then it is back to work ;( 
Ok , did the mosquitoes go on a hunger strike while I was gone ? or am I just that sweet ? 
Goodbye St < PROPFIRST > , Goodbye St < PROPFIRST > , thanks for a lovely weekend . To my friends I got to see , thanks I needed that . To those I did not , please forgive me , but know that it was not intentional . 
The plane just pulled up , feeling sad to be leaving ; but excited to get home to start new job ! 
Just landed ... now the 5 hour drive home . What a great weekend ! Thanks to everyone ... 
GOOD MORNING FACEBOOK FAMILY !!!! ;) 
taking a step back , evaluating , thinking and examining what is important in life . 
New day , new challenges ..... 
Why is the first day of a new job the hardest ? 
in ACLS class .... boring ! 
Thinking about moving on ... I am not who I once was . Through his love I have been transformed , my eyes opened and heart healed . 
Even though today is one more day we are apart , it is also one less day until we are together again . 
Thanks for all the calls of concern from family , friends , loved ones and my ' < PROPMALE > Gump ' .... Cali is still standing , we ain't wet yet !!! 
Helloooo weekend ! ;) 
I am in love .... $20 half hour massage ... 
8 hours .... 0 patients . My ideal shift . Maybe repeat tonight ? 
Ready to head home ... I miss the love of my life . Ain't no sunshine when he's gone .... 
