Retro Fitness today ? 

My iPhone has just gone through some FANTASTIC changes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
FML seriously 
Regardless of time spent together , there are ups and downs in every relationship . We understand that and the importance of time together . Still love the time together and see many many more ups than downs ( still moving forward ) Thank you for that 
It's about time i got that raise damn ! 
Boomerang is the shit 
Did everybody go see Transformers last night ? Wow and I forgot about it completely lol 
Write bad things that are done to you in sand , but write the good things that happen to you on a piece of marble 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!! Spin around three times grab your crotch and scream !!!! I Love you < PROPFIRST > I'll miss you . I wish we could have seen you sooner now it's just a dream in Neverland . RIP 
where is Moonwalker i need that in my life right now 
is ready for a good vacation who wants to go ? 
ok so I may have pushed you a little too far after being out of it for a while :/ But don't worry you'll heal up this weekend and we can go back strong next week ;) Workin on getting ripped lol ( I mean el oh el ) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Home after an 11hr drive home and another 45min to get to work to be bored outta my mind 
feels like it should be the weekend already 
Just got an email from the computer center asking everyone not to stream live coverage of MJ's funeral because \Internet traffic globally is expected to be at record levels today due to the live coverage of the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > memorial service . \ " crazy " 
bones blood skin and hair 
just realizing I have 32 passwords I have to use almost on a daily wth ?!? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1O8FTqYVyw 
grinding 
gotta be over-productive today stay ahead of these guppies 
why am I so good ? 3 days work in just 5 hours damn gotta slow it down a bit . 
Monday bleh ... hope the rest of the day is better 
gotta keep my strength up through another day . Taking it a day at a time . 
you know it's funny to think facebook makes everyone stalkerish 
trying to figure out what to do tonight . Suggestions ? 
fml 
Back on the daily grind 
I need to get away seriously far away 
Good work Mr. B 
I can't believe Pandora just put a 40 hour per month listening limit . This is some bull 
Let Our Values Endure 
Eagles fans 3 words for you ... get over it . You're still not getting a ring lol . Steeltown baby !!! 
Yo the iScopes are crazy today lol we'll see how it really plays out 
Mi amor cum sermatis mos 
Wishing you the best , no worries 
I'D RATHER BE DIVING 
Weekend is finally here ! Time to get it in ! 
gotta get grandmother today flight was delayed . Of course I find out after sitting at the airport for an hour smh 
Finally got some sleep . Time for work lol 
True Blood is like crack I need the next episode already !!! lol And who the hell is the new < PROPMALE > character ? 
I'm so cool my mug stays frosty lol can't wait to get outta here and get home 
feeling a trip to the doctor coming on , hope it's the doctor and not the hospital smh . 
movies anyone ? 
Think about it . If you really < PROPFEMALE > t it , and I mean really < PROPFEMALE > it , you've got to do something about it . Don't sit around waiting and wishing . 
Feeling good , feeling great ! Feeling great , feeling good how are you ? 
could def use a back rub 
ready to go home . Long ride little movement no plans hit me up 
fml damn tv 
abs feel like fire and steel !!! rip it up lol 
done with quizzes for the day 
home today smh 
So my legs and ass finally don't hurt so badly , just in time to go and beat them into shape again tonight lol \I am going to pump ... you up ! \ " haha Thanks for the inspiration < PROPMALE > " 
When life gives you shit , make fertelizer . 
just a squirel ... 
Gators are going down Saturday LSU LSU LSU !!!!! 
we are masters of our own universe , if you wish for peace it will be yours 
had a good weekend now back to work 
What are you doing for your 25th ? I'm working lol damn 
Want to say thank you to everyone for wishing me a Happy 25th 
Starting another week let's make it great 
Check yourself before you ... 
THE FACEBOOK CHEAT : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU it really works . [ I'm so mad this BS worked haha ] 
Way to start Monday 1- Wake up late 2- Sit in traffic for 2 hours 3- Skip my morning nap 4- REALIZE I LEFT MY DAMN PHONE ON MY BED !!! 
Just had a daydream about fighting the zombie horde with a molitov , a rifle , and a criket bat while \Psycho Killer\ " -Talking Heads plays in the background . lmao twisted " 
Honesty with yourself and those you claim to love will bring peace of mind and spirit . Deception brings no peace to anyone so preach what you practice and continue to practice what you preach . Autobots unite 
I'm not liking this nightmare I want to go back to sleep 
It's just me but I'm cool w that 
Any other ghosts plan on showing up and adding to the 2009 bs ? The GB are on call and locked and loaded . 
You can't fill a cup that's already full 
Missing my best friend 
Spades Tonight Who is down ? 
Looks like I'm coming quickly to the time for that move 
Still waiting on the Pants on the ground remix !!! 
So in 6 more days Apple is going to finally announce the Tablet and maybe the iPhone 4 possibly going to Verizon ... gasp ... 
I am a man with great dreams and a mind from the Devine to bring it all to fruition 
Damn snow is crazy I was ready to get my mind left , guess now it's gotta get right 
If I'm not flipping out about it does that really make shit sweet ? 
If you turn 21 in February 2010 you are free at Pinnaclle tonight 
It's funny to catch yourself hating on someone for being selfish because you wanna be selfish too lol 
If you are wrong you're wrong , and if you're right you're still wrong ? Make sense ? lol It's cool tho I still try to be/do right the best I can and let the rest sort itself out 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets . So , love the people who treat you right , forgive the ones who don't and believe that everything happens for a reason . If you get a < PROPMALE > , take it . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said it'd be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . 
boosted : \God seems to have a sense of humor \"" 
\What we have here is a Mexican standoff ... \"" 
Had a great couple of days hope to keep it up ;) 
My 1yr return is currently at 41% and that's why I say f**k the bank get money lol No I'm serious do the math for yourself then go f**k the bank lol 
Still up listening/watching the rain wonder if it's warm enough for a walk and clarity 
Can't sleep 
How long can you deny your own < PROPFEMALE > 
Is there really any universal right or wrong , or is it completely dependent on an individual's perception ? 
?????? ?? ?????? 
South park facebook episode is funny as hell 
Sadness is loving a < PROPFEMALE > , so far away from you , to love a < PROPFEMALE > is to love nothing but a memory of something that may have been dead for years already . 
Sleep is lost to dreams of car crashes and screams pearcing the night ... Realizing the gift of the present I await the new day to say goodmorning to the sunrise and those closest to me . Goodmorning 
Phone died like really dead damn it sucks 
????? \ 
???? ???? ???? ???? ???? ?? ???? ???? ??? ?????????? ?? ?? ?? ??? ?? \ 
??? ???? ?? ?? ????? 
L'homme\ 
qui sait que je sait quelque chose ne sait rien du tout 
Does anyone have an extra ATT phone ? I need something to hold me over for the month . 
Feeling a little left behind my fam is expanding with weddings and kids and what not it's a beautiful thing . Congratulations to all you expecting :) 
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors -Plato 
Tired of being extorted and draining those close to me . Money barely exists but it's still required for fredom in the red white and blue . So I guess it's time to just let it all go . Get free 
Suite = SWEET !!! 
Love me when\ 
I least deserve it , because that's when I really need it 
Battleing my demons myself I suppose . It's funny how we can personify the undesired parts of ourselves as if they were separate enteties that reside in the same body . Take this as an eviction notice lol no longer wanted no longer welcome and no longer tolerated . I will be who I envision myself to be , by any means 
So I was looking in the mirror this morning and there was nothing there 
Thinking of you , sleep well .. http://m.youtube.com/index?desktop_uri=%2F&gl=US#/watch?xl=xl_blazer&v=0put0_a--Ng 
We will \ 
not lose because we are not losers , we are lasers ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday love . Greatful for another year and looking forward to making it through at least a few more lol . 
Gotta send some love to little < PROPFIRST > LeSaint Causey Jr , beautiful baby cousin :) 
Powerful Beyond Measure 
Kinect is going in tonight hopefully there won't be any more home invasions lol 
I wonder how < PROPFIRST > really felt when he realised < PROPFIRST > was having someone else's baby * Kanye shrug * 
During the darkest days you will find true strength in love 
Q : Why are people asking and answering their own questions ? A : Still don't know but it's funny to join a trend you know nothing about lol . 
Ups and downs but still beautiful C'est la vie 
I'm just gonna put it out there now after finals I wanna go to Disney World !!! 
I hear there is a warrant out for M . Vick for the alleged 60 minute long ( regulation time ) raping of the entire Redskins defense yet McNab is the one who got a crazy contract extension ? 
Strangely comforted by the thought of mortality 
When u think things will be ok CeeLo gets put on repeat as a reminder 
Hoping for a peaceful evening and maybe catch Leonids with the wife tonight 
random thought ... Do you remember when the internet was that thing that few people had ? How did you get your music back then ? How did you operate your social life ? Funny to think this thing it seems impossible to go without , used to not be here during my lifetime . I wonder if that's how older people felt about television and later * gasp * color tv 
Why is fb trying to take over my browser now ? 
Truly grateful for a wonderful evening yesterday 
It's funny how the people who think everything is racially motivated don't consider themselves racist smh 
... For to the < PROPFEMALE > a flower is a fountain of life , \ 
\ 
And to the flower a < PROPFEMALE > is a messenger of love , \ 
And to both , < PROPFEMALE > and flower , the giving and the receiving of pleasure is a need and an ecstasy . -Kahlil Gibran 
Apparently I'm in the minority but I wish wish Americans had even half as much passion about their vote as Haitians ... so many lives could have been saved 
Anybody looking for a single vango ticket for tonight 
Your Childs future was the first to go w budget cuts . If u think that hurts then , wait here comes the uppercut . The school was garbage in the first place , that's on the up n up 
