...... I'm geting SO hurt tonight . And < PROPFEMALE>'s gonna help me . :D 

Same technique , different show ! Happy New Year ! 
Crazy .... Way to start the New Year off ... with cop lights . 
Jus woke up ... Crazy way to start the new year off tho . < PROPFEMALE > did me proud . 
Damn . My flight got cancelled . Don't mind putting off another day of school , tho . :p 
3 hours left ... 
2 hours left ... 
I'm not going to another airport for awhile after this ... all this dam walking is too much work ... smh 
Lol ... 6pm will make it 12 hours in this airport . Longer than the time I stay in my house . Damn XD 
\Stubborn fools walk over the destruction they can't see from the clouds . \ " - Surveyor of Stupidity " 
............... I don ; t care for it , but I guess school is school . ANother day . Like I Need it . 
I can't even wake up on time . Screw school ... 
Man ... I feel like going out today . Just don't feel like driving . :D 
is beginning to ponder his existence over a cup of piping hot tea . 
............ I bought No More Heroes 2 ..... And I beat it in about 2 days ... :D Best 10 hours of my life . 
Came back from the band trip ... it was great ! I'm definetely going next year ( aside from the would-be fights) ! :D 
Heh ... Went to < PROPMALE>'s Graduation Party . My clothes are still soaked from the water balloons , but I had a great time ! Makes me wish I was a SEN10R . :D 
Well . The seniors are gone . Time to make the most of next year . :D 
... My cousin came over . He thought I was 15 . Wtf ... >_> 
Watching Toy Story 2 . I forgot how much fun childhood was . :D 
Yeah ! Celtics represent ! :D 
Well . I just saw ... something catch on fire . >.> I knew lightning and thunda was dangerous . I knew it ... 
Time for Summer School ... Oh , the mess I get into .... 
Wooooot ! I'm done with summer school ! Suck it society ! :D 
Just saw Role Models . Its a lot more funnier than I thought . :D 
\Strive to be your best 
I love watching black kung Fu movies ! Black Dynamite ! :D 
Damn . Taken is a @#$% #ing awesome movie ! :D 
Well , I got my report card . It was exactly what I'd thought it would be . >.> I hate school . 
WHOO ! Finally on my way to Boston ! :D 
Ahhhh . Boston , a.k.a < PROPMALE>'s Motherland . :D 
Wow . You CAN'T have black people on Maury ... 
Man , I wish I never left Boston .... 
WTF .... I can't play NBA 2K10 for shit .... >.> 
OH SHET ! ME and my \step bro\ " just killed a bat inside his house ! THIS IS THE BEST SUMMER EVAH !!!! :D " 
Oh man ... went to go see Inception last night ... That was the greatest movie ever ! 
I fell down some stairs , passed out for 5 hours , and went to the beach feeling like s ** . Great day . :D 
This movie was definitely worth the $13 bucks and 2 and a half hrs . Why don't they make movies like this anymore ? 
......... \ 
Why the fk is everyone talking about Jersey Shore ? What is that ? 
Got back from Boston . 3 weeks left of summer . What to do .... :S 
Girls saying they wannna commit suicide , verbally/physically abusive parents , single baby mamas , and spam on social networking (>.>) ... What has this world gone to ? Where are the days of Tupac and Biggie , the classics of DMC ? We might as well let global warming come and melt the fricking icecaps ... Do the world a damn favor . 
is watching men in black . :D good times .... 
Well . Just to get out the house , I might as well buy some < PROPFEMALE > . Havn't had < PROPFIRST > n ' Ikes for 3 weeks anyways . :P 
Sitting in front of the police station . What a great way to spend my summer . D: 
Hopefully , tommorow is my first day of band camp . I know I'm a week late , but hopefully I'll get the songs down and stuff . :S 
What are the chances ... The day I acutally deide to go to band practice and my dad needs my car . Smh 
Time for my first day of practice ... Wonder what its like . :S 
Haha ... My arms still hurt from practice ... Wth ? 
.... Seems that it's Friday the 13th . Just noticed . My luck never runs dry , but you never know ... :P 
Playing this game called monster < PROPMALE > tri . i hoestly have no lcue what its about , but i find myself killing things that resemble dinosaurs ... eh , i might as well get what i paid for . \ 
Time to play ! :D 
Just ate a whole box of Little Ceasar's pizza ... Havn't eaten anything all day . That was some good stuff . :D 
My nigga Big Boi said , watch ' em as they gawk and they gander\ 
You can follow or lead like Commander Picard\ 
You can have The Whole World\ 
Or be satisfied with the boulevard - Killer < PROPFIRST > 
Is there another fundraiser ? :S 
m , the barber shop was closed .... I need my hair cut ! It's a hot mess . D: 
I might need to start eating lunch . Waking up and eating dinner are too far apart . D: 
Every time I wake up I feel like I got whacked in the head with 3 shovels ... Need to go to bed eariler . 
Finally got my hair cut ! My head feels free . :D 
Man , I'm bored . Wish there was practice today , even if i would end up half dead . D: 
My headphones stopped working again . Only lasted a week this time . Need to stop sleeping with them in my ear ... 
Crazy storm brewing outside ... My power went out about 5 times now . Damn mother nature , when will you learn you're only good for cleaning my car ? D: 
Epiphanies on FB ... when's my time ? :S 
Finally found the time to get clothes . Now to get some sweatpants to wear to school and i'm set . :D 
Planning on going to the movies . I swear , i'm going even if the rain comes down . D: 
Went to the movies . didnt get to see the expendables , but saw the other guys . never laughed so hard in a movie theater before XD 
Completley forgot today was Sunday ... Wonder if i can drive to school ...? Eh , im sure they wont say anything . :D 
Dammit ... Time to save 160 bucks .... :S 
Lehigh has nothing for me . It has nothing that I want or can't get that I can't find anywhere else . After I graduate , my azz is outta Florida altogether . In between that time , I'll make i move the punks the fuk out my way and my friends a gentle nudge . When I'm done , I won't look back . >___< 
........... Not even the end of the first week of school , and it seems the band already has drama . Glad im not it . Don't plan on stopping no fights either , so ima get my popcorn and watch . :D 
Had a good time at the game today ... but idiots just want to fuck it up . Im NOT getting broke off for stupid shit other people do like last year ! I WILL spaz this time , and im not even joking . 
Finally got home . Got a good night's sleep , even tho i went to bed at 3am . Got some new clothes , and a whole bunch of Gatorade to drink cus its so dam hot . XD 
Even now I'm still thinking ... Is it worth it to still talk to her , or am I wasting my time ...? 
After a good practice , nothing hits the spot like some fries from < PROPFIRST > d's! XD 
It sucks saying you can't do anything when people ask you for something . Expectations suck . 
Had my tea , still thinking about school ... Can't wait to finish and leave Florida . Need that change of scenery . 
Shoot for the stars or land on mars ... big choices come with even bigger consequences ... 
Wooooooow . My lil bro woke up at 6 just so he could use a computer ... This kid has NO life !! 
My lil bro is still complaining ... I swear Ima make sure I fix him by the time I graduate . 
Saviing Private < PROPFIRST > is a good movie . I got newfound respect for WW2 vets . XD 
Everything tastes like nasty when I drink something ... I hate being sick . D: 
I don't feel as sick as I did before ... Awesome ! :D 
Damn , this was one boring weekend . The rest of the week better be interesting . :P 
I dont know why ... but I cant wait to go to school !! Maybe it wont be as boring as home ... :D 
Hehe ... Iced tea never tasted so good at this point . And I wish people who start rumors never existed . Gossip helps no one , and its just ... stupid . Keep shit to yourself . :P 
So it seems we dont have band practice today . Thats whack . D: 
Musiq Soulchild is a genius . He has a song every situation under the sun . :D 
Finally got some good sleep . Falling asleep with your ipod does help , too . :D 
Pretty lazy week , but thats how I like it . Maybe tommorrow I might actually get to sleep in . Don't have to think about the idiots in band who talk about other people but just can''t seem to understand they set themselves up to get shitted on . :D 
On some website checking on how to clean a saxophone . This is going to take awhile ... 
Bout to go to a BBQ , meet some old friends . Glad i'll actually be going somewhere on a Saturday for once . :D 
I hate when people say money is the root of all evil . Arn't we the ones who made it ? Idiots . 
Still sweating from practice ... people in band are gonna hate parade season ... :D 
So much stuff on my plate , and so little time . Time to make magic happen . 
Seems like everything has been flipped upside down . Regardless , I'll always be on top . 
I need to come back home eariler ... I couldn't see anything when I was driving ... Need those glasses soon ... :D 
Just had a riding session on < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > the whole car ride ... XD Definitely the best time consumer . 
So lazy ... about to wear the same hoodie I wore a few days ago ... :D 
Damn bus ride ... rocked me to sleep ... Now I'm just bored ... 
Backed up on homework ... Maybe I'll do it tommorrow . :D 
Whoa ... Seems that being deprived of sleep for a month has FINALLY hit me ... Just great . :D 
Had a good day , even though I didn't show it . Its just that some people aren't worth pausing my ipod or taking off my headpdones . Oh well . 
“I swear , by my life and my love of it , that I will never live for the sake of another man , nor ask another man to live for mine . ” - < PROPFIRST > Galt 
Wow ... I felt like a parent just now . If I have kids like my lil brother , I'm tearing their azzes up . 
Watching Napolean Dynamite . I used to think I would turn out like him in high school . Thank god I have a car . :D 
Heh ... My family comes down , and they finally treat me like it . Better late then never ... 
Tommorow better be entertaining . I don't wanna waste a few hours of my life for nothing . D: 
I would like to know how she feels and walk in her shoes , but our soles just aren't the same . 
I saw both a miracle and a disaster , and it all happened at wal-mart ... 
Damn . We showed out last night , the football team and the band . We can only get better from here on out . :D 
Damn , last night at mcdonalds was crazy . Where else can I find better friends to attract cops ? XD 
Had ALOT of fun watching jackass 3 . Didn't expect it to be so funny . Although most of it left me a scarred man , i never laughed so hard for stupid sutff in my life . 
\The plan was to drink ' til the painover/\ 
... Should I buy $28 in < PROPFEMALE > , or go to the movies ? Choices , choices . :D 
..... Hot damn . I can't think of anything to do ... Stupid Lehigh . 
Had mad fun with b < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and Cie Cie . Now I just need to find my ipod and life will be conplete . :D 
Got my stuff for homecoming , then going to the movies . Either way , it'll be an awesome night . :D 
One the way to homecoming . Gonna have tons of fun . Class o/ 2011 ! ~ XDD 
Heh . Just woke up . Had a good homecoming . Now I just need something to do tonight . :D 
Jamming to all different kinds of music with a raging headache is not one of the best ideas , but its worth it . :D 
Heh ... I'm REALLY good at turning shet sour ... 
Bout to hit the carnival later tonight . Anyone else going ? 
With my ipod battery and my stomach full , I'm ready to do some damage tonight !!! :D 
Had a decent night . Took me back to feelings I had'nt felt in awhlie ... :D 
Hmmm ... I plan on going to the fair again , just for the hell of it . :D 
Bout to hit the fair again . I doubt there will be as many people as last night , but at least I'll have a friend to walk around with . :D 
Starve myself for Thanksgiving Dinner ? ... It's a plan ! 
Eating my leftovers from last night . So .... I think I'm starting to like Haitian food . Better late than never . :D 
Uh-uh ... Too restless to go to sleep but too lazy to stay awake ... :/ 
I'm actually doing homework ... I can't stop laughing at myself . I'm still in trouble anyways . >:D 
Solakin !!! Long day , and all this noise doesn't help ..... Some people REALLY don't know how to act .... 
Heh ... I swear , no girl is worth enough of my time to apologize a THIRD time . Sheeeeeeeeeet . Trying to make you laugh won't help either , I'm sure of that . Plus , talking shet out is overrated , right ? Right . Hate it or love it , or think nothing of it . :] 
Back to the good food , life and weather . I love Massachusetts . :D 
Haha .... Snow !! 
A new idea hit the dome . For once . :D 
Dammit .... I forgot the idea in my head . It was really good , too ... I think . 
I remember now ... :D 
.................. Damn . 
SwayyDhat Crew ! This is Solakin saying < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! ( Probably the nicest you will ever see me . XD ) 
Aww snap ! I finally got a phone ! Now I can do some damage ! :D 
...... Damn . I don't even know if I wanna do anything tonight ... Just opening my eyes gave me a headache ... D: 
Texting until 4am ... good times . :D 
Listening to retro hip hop .... they had some pretty good beats back then , or its all in my blood . :D 
Regardless of the dangers surrounding it , snow is a wonderful thing . Haha ... 
A snow-in ... great . 
< PROPMALE > Green 
... The snow got shoveled out of the way . The sides of the road look like the walls of a fortress . :D 
..... I feel like a smoke-breathing dragon .... Good stuff . 
The way you look should be a sin/\ 
You my sin-sation\ 
-Kanye West 
........ There's a < PROPFEMALE > dispenser full of < PROPFIRST > n Ikes .... and I don't have a quarter . Damn . 
You don't have to smack a female ... Just shake the mess out ' em ! 
Forget resolutions !! Ima stay as the same asshole I've always been ! >:D 
Watching Jersey Shore for the first time .... Geez ... 
About one hour before I get one that plane ... 12 Hours of waiting ... if i dont get this , ima go darkside . >:D 
I almost went on a plane to new york ... i must be tired lmao 
Finally landed in Fort Myers ... 18 hours in the airport ... this is no way to spend my life . smh 
Gotta wash my whole outfit because of band practice ... Now that's dedication . :D 
Who knew printing would be so much work .... 
I'm hungry and anxious to play MGS 4 ... oh man , I'm patient at the wrong times .... 
About to buy unprecedented amounts of McDonalds ... 
I couldn't find any < PROPFIRST > n ' Ikes at walmart ..... FML 
Looks like we getting money for the wrong things .... \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Man ... Heading out to get my car fixed ... AGAIN ... 
Crap .... I have the worst timing .... 
HAHA .....!! Deleting is fun ! I'll pick up on it tommorow ! :D 
FGCU's gymnasium is really clean ... i almost feel bad when i accidently drop popcorn on it ... almost . :p 
Watching hot tub time machine with griddles . :D 
Griddles .... :D 
An ice cream cake or 4 < PROPFIRST > n ' < PROPMALE > boxes ..... CHOICES !.... 
This ice cream cake is killer ! 
Its much better to face these kind of things with a sense of poise and rationality ..... 
Damn ...... All these lies . I'm getting out of Lehigh , NO JOKE . 
..... Ima find this punk ..... I swear !!! 
It sucks not knowing ... But I'ma take that leap into that gully ! 
No gas + No kind of income = problems .... -_- 
I learned how to Wu-Tang , Crank Dat , and Stick It & Roll It ! I got great friends lmao 
I threw a pizza box out < PROPMALE>'s window while he was going 70 ... and it just hit me .... I threw the pizza box out the window !! LMAO !!! 
Watching Katt < PROPMALE > with the team ... probably about to take off on somebody tonight ... But that's life . 
< PROPFIRST > n ' Ikes ... Found em ! :D 
I said I woudn't but I did it anways . Shows how lame you females in Lehigh can get .... 
At the park .. I havnt seen this hill since I was 12 lol ... 
Watching recordings of < PROPFEMALE > In Philadelphia . Funniest show ever :D 
Man ..... cops again !!! 
I can go on and on and on , but who cares ? 
So ... Ima try to be the biggest asshole in the U.S. , since being nice doesn't get me anywhere . Time to get feisty . >:D 
Stupid car ... it has more problems than I do ..... 
A steady beat that attacks . Can I keep my life constant while adapting to the changes ? 
Thanks for the posts ! Its been a great day so far :D 
Something ain't right ... I can't vibe with my music .... D: 
This is some good chinese food ... Makes me wish I could cook like this , if i did at all . >_> 
Now , see ... I'm all about music ... but even I can see that the Steelers need to quit now , ' CAUSE THEY GETTING CRACKED ON ! 
LMAO !!! There's gonna be mad trash talk tommorow ..... 
Its almost valentines so Put This To Your Status & See What U get in your inbox • Red -i Used Too Like U ;D • Grey -i Wanna Be Friends :-p • Purple -i Wanna Get To Know you• Black -i Wanna Kiss U : -* ..................... • Pink -i Like U :D • Yellow -Ur Cute• Indigo -i Miss U : • White -i Wanna See U More . : `• Gold -i Wanna Be Ur Valentine ? • Green -We Should Chill = • Blue - your really nice 
Oh boy .... I definitely messed up . 
( L)ack ( O)f ( V)isual ( E)mpathy equates the meaning of [ L-O-V-E]\ 
( H)atred and ( A)ttitude ( T)ear us ( E)ntirely [ H-A-T-E]\ 
-Blame Game 
It's nights like this that make me wish I had money , a perfectly fine car , and enough hype to actually get me OUT the house ... 
Damn ..... This was some good stuff .... :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
Ready for another great week , and another G.O.O.D Friday XD 
Another G.O.O.D Sunday .... Truly one of my greater days :) 
My day went from bad to worse , then flipped from good to great , then awesome ! :D 
Oi ... Whenever I talk , unsavory things happen ... I need a better dictionary to get these words out in the right way . 
...................... 70 more cents before I can buy some pizza ..... What I get for trying to be cheap ... 
I need a job ...... -____- 
LMAO !! I just broke a law by 10 cents ... You don't have to understand if you don't get it . XD 
