Is that Enrico ? ... Yeah ? 

Admits that he may have fallen off the radar . Sorry about that . 
Is a mad , mad man . 
notices that when you get to be his age , birthdays aren't very special anymore . 
thought the Watchmen movie was so off the < PROPFIRST > that it should be prosecuted for murdering another attendant at the shooting range . 
Computer is currently bricked . 
is going to have a very busy semester , all the more dificult thanks to his bricked computer . 
Is going to get a Special Education Certification . 
GEO Eboard meeting Library room 228 tonight ! 
Me day time !!! 
Is quite livid right now ... 
Is better now 
Busy , busy , busy ... School work , and clubs , and new story idea oh my . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT -- If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Wonders if getting an adult dog is better than a puppy . 
is thinking about some cheap costume for the haunted student center on Friday . He might just spend a few bucks on thursday for ghost make-up to stretch his creative muscles . $6 isn't all that much . 
' s original costume idea didn't pan out so well . Mostly because he had no idea what he was doing . However , he did a makeup test with the intended monster and it actually worked out pretty well due to his already furry face ... hint hint ... 
Vampire vs . Werewolf vs . Zombie !!! Which would win ? I say werewolf hands down . 
There's always next year ... 
Remember when the Bufallo Sabers were kicking everyone's ass a few years ago ? What happened to that team ? Not that I care if they're taking on the Flyers and losing 3-1 . 
Feels like there's just too much to do anymore ... 
is in a slump right now ... 
Is going to be at Rowan for at least 2 more years ... 
Wonders how the hell he got a crick in his back this morning ! 
Thinks he may move to < PROPFEMALE > after graduation 
Just one more assignment to go before the end of the semester ! 
Hmm ... According to the Climategate news , Anthropogenic Global Warming really isn't happening , and the people in charge really HAVE been suppressing evidence . 
has a new favorite author . < PROPMALE > Ellison . 
says it's hard to break down 20 sources in a week . Especially when most of them are written in 18th century legaleese 
Just finished his Colonial North < PROPFEMALE > paper !!! I'm FREE !!! 
Has 1 final left to complete , is damn sure he did good on Sub-Saharan Africa , is pretty confident in Colonial < PROPFEMALE > , and is certain he will do quite well in History of < PROPFEMALE > n Education . Also , he's moving to Mansion Park to live A-L-O-N-E ! 
Found out that he's just in his room alone , he's not alone in the apartment . 
Is curious to know ; how many of you like talking about abstract concepts ? 
Marry Xmas !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > New Year ! 
What films do you like better the more you watch them ? For me it would have to be Avatar and The Dark Knight . The former I didn't really love the first time I saw it , and the latter I've always loved . 
This reminds me of this one time my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and I snuck a paintball gun onto a roller coaster ... 
Will be Ecstatic when \The Passing\ " comes out in the Spring . He can't wait to see what happens when < PROPFIRST > meets < PROPFIRST >!" 
Is quite certain that The Rock owes Disney a shit ton of money . Why else would he be making all of these horrid films ? 
believes that this amount of broccolis is sufficient . 
What the hell is with the weather ?! 60 DEGREES TODAY !!! Then we're going to have snow on Friday into Saturday ! 
So , word on the grapevine is that Rowan University will be tier 1 in about a decade . Greater focus on research , larger class sizes , more money in grants ... harder for transfers to get in and commuters to even attend . 
Hates the God Damn bookstore !!! 
backs District 9 or Inglourious Basterds in the Oscars ; Avatar really wasn't all that great , original , or even affecting . Avatar will probably win anyway , though . 
Going way out there are ya' ? 
Loves his new laptop ! 
says < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > was awesome ! 
Boxing is hard as hell ! 
Swears that economics is 80% political propaganda . 
Would like to try World of Darkness but doesn't have anyone to play it with . 
Power wounds ; speed kills ! 
It's strange how different life is for a teacher in Alabama as opposed to how it is in the northeast . 
Well Limbaugh , Healthcare reform passed . Are you leaving the country like you said you would , or are you going to weasle out of it with some lame \I have to stay and speak for the people\ " excuse ? " 
ZOMG !!! THE HEALTHCARE < PROPMALE > IS GOING TO RESULT IN HEALTHCARE RATIONING AND COMMUNISM AND NO MORE PRIVATE ENTERPRISE AND GOVERNMENT IS GOING TO EXPAND AND KILL THE BABIES ... AND KICK PUPPIES !!! - GOP response to Obama's signing of Healthcare 
Oh Shit ! 7.2 earthquake in California ! 
Hamid Karzai , president of Afghanistan , just threatened to join the Taliban if people keep pushing hism for political remorm . I say an assasination is in order for this fucking clown . 
So , does anyone really think that the \Legalize and tax cannabis\ " proposition on the California state ballot this year will actually pass ? " 
Hello , my name a Shadi . I like you , do you like me ? 
You know what I hate ? Hacing to work up the < PROPFEMALE > to continue working on a paper that you really don't want to do but you know that you have to finish . 
The other day my economics teacher asked us to divide by zero ... srsly 
Loves Pandora Radio ! 
There is a high statistical probability of death by gunshot . A punch in the face is also likely . 
Ah , yes . \Reapers . \"" 
South Park just made the most awesome reference to Batman : The Killing Joke EVAR ! 
Not even Chegg will take my Sociology text book ! Why the hell did Rowan sell it to me ?! 
After having a conversation with < PROPMALE > Migliori I have determined that we had far too many shows with cats in them during the 80's and 90's . Samurai Pizza Cats , SWAT Kats , Wild Kats , Thundercats , Heathcliff , etc . We believe this is what led to the internet's obsession with cats . 
Now has Skype if anyone wants to talk . lupos87 
' s phone isn't working right anymore . It won't make calls ! 
To hell with the iPhone , I want an Android ! 
Home stretch ! 2 more assignments before the end is here ! 
Apparently wolves and coyotes can interbreed and have viable offspring . I never knew this before , as the Red Wolf is supposed to be a hybrid Grey Wolf , Coyote species . The more you know ! 
Has the far more difficult argument to make in his moot court assignment . Seriously , the NFL has 1 argument against American Needle in its case ; \We are a single entity in many cases . \"" 
Done with the brief ! I wrote something interesting that places the case into the context of recent history and modern American society . We may not win tomorrow , but we will sure as hell have an interesting social context argument . 
Sorry Uncyclopedia , but < PROPMALE > is still funnier . Maybe you would be funny too if you stopped trying so hard . 
You know what , it feels good to be done with school for a few months . 
Really wants to go to a Phillies game next month . Anyone wanna come along ? 
is currently reading the rulebook for the New World of Darkness . 
may be watching one of the greatest comebacks in NHL history , and easily the greatest in the Flyer's history ! 
Thought that it would be good to post this warning . \ 
WARNING : If your friend posted a video on\ 
your wall entitled \CANDID CAMERA PRANK\ " and telling you this :-\ " THIS IS\ 
Oh shit ! Arlan Specter just got kicked out of the senate ! < PROPFIRST > Sestak won the democratic nomination for < PROPFEMALE > ! 
An awesome quote from an Amazon reviwers negative screed against Ullysses ; sadly he has a point . \A brief glance through it is enough to confirm that it is precisely the\ 
Go fuck yourself Microsoft ! That's both my brother's and my own 360 breaking down within the course of one month !!! We've only had the 2 for 5 months !!! Granted they were used , but still , 3 months ! That's the 3rd 360 , and I'm done ! My PS2 has been around since 2002 and it still works , granted it's a little slow but still ! Lick my balls , I wash my hands of you ! 
So , I guess this oil leak really is an environmental apocalypse . It's been what now , a month ? 
Wonders if he should stay with LOTRO or go back to WOW . 
If you \like\ " this status I will post on your \ 
Thinks Orcas are awesome , especially since they can hunt Great Whites ! 
Would love to learn Falconeering ! 
Just got back from seeing Splice . I don't know if it will be , but it by all counts should be the most talked about film of the year . Such questions that should be discussed are how did the chief mechanism of the movie work , who's crazier of the two leads , and of course the ever popular is it cheating ? The last question was the most talked about during the movie . 
Is there really nothing that can be done with the Gulf ? 
Learning about the Intentional Fallacy has convinced me that literary scholarship exists to preserve itself . If one divorces a text from the author and its intent , one destroys the meaning of the text in favor of an attempt to make oneself seem enlightened . This is how we end up with literary interpretations that say Watership Down is an allegory for Homosexuality in mid 20th century British society . Fail . 
A nation cannot hope to balance their budget during an economic downturn . It just doesn't happen . 
Is Ke$ha the only person ever to be autotuned off key !? 
Looks like I'm going to Otakon . 
My beard got shaved , and I < PROPFEMALE > my head in shame ... I look like I did when I graduated High School again . 
on the Netflix < PROPFEMALE > for Fullmetal Alchemist the description calls the show \feel good . \ " Talk about your all time epic fails . " 
Fable III looks like Fable II , but worse . 
If you have not seen it already , you need to see Gasland ! If you have HBO , it's on demand ! Please watch this movie , as it may be one of the most important films you see ! 
Has a light and sound Sauron toy in his aunt's basement , mint condition that is already worth $90 out of the box . We'll be saving that another 15 years at least , if not forever . 
Will be in Baltimore for the next few days . 
This quote regarding flat tax was just too awesome ... \Blindly pulling equally from the poor is only equal if you consider \ 
A quick question for everyone ; what do you feel is the most overrated horror film of all time ? For me it was either Friday the 13th ( the entire series ! ) or The Grudge ( either version ) . Ringu is up there too . 
Now for the inverse question ; what is the most underrated horror film of all time ? Mine are the original versions of The Haunting and Black Christmas . Both of these films were instrumental in creating the modern Ghost story and Slasher films , but they just get pushed to the back when compared to Poltergest and Halloween . 
Just finished watching Audition , and for the first time ever after watching a film he doesn't really know what to think . He can't even tell you if he liked it or not . 
Is the Iraq War really over this time ? 
Is intolerant of those who don't tolerate him . 
White people crying about \racism\ " against them makes me ashamed to be white . " 
Hope you had a Happy Beckoning Day ! Here's a thought for anyone who attended the Beck rally looking to reclaim the Founder's ( read : Old White Men's ) vision of < PROPFEMALE > ... \no society can make a perpetual constitution or even a perpetual law . \ 
Are we near the end of our civilization ? Is a full collapse coming ? 
Just tried Falafel for the first time , and it made him rethink vegetarian cooking forever ! 
Sometimes , \ 
I just wanna copy someone else's status word for word just to see if \ 
they notice . 
Can't wait for this October ! It's gonna be the best Halloween ever this year ! 
Just got a new phone ! 
Working first day . Got up at 730 after only 3 bours oc sleep . Feel so professional . 
Is now wishing he graduated high school 10 years earlier . OMG Bring the 90's back ! 
Just when I was becoming depressed about what I was gonna do after graduation , in comes Teach for < PROPFEMALE > . They hire right out of College and will give me an opportunity to get a few years of valuable experience before heading on to Grad School . 
Praxis II was harder than he thought . 
Saturdays at Landmark really aren't that busy . 
Rowan wireless network sucks ! 
Goodnight , and let's hope this heat ends soon . 
Started watching Baccano and can't stop until he's finished . 
Last day of heat ; awesome ! 
A live band jusr played a Backstreet Boys song . God save me , please ! 
Did you know that of the top 10 Universities in the world , only 2 aren't American ? Of the top 20 , only 3 aren't . Of those same top 20 , only 1 isn't English speaking . Number 20 , University of Tokyo . 
So < PROPMALE > Giraldo is dead now ? 
Every\ 
single one of you are on my friendlist , as a result of a conscious \ 
decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , \ 
but also family . Let's see who on myfriends list actually pays \ 
attention . Copy & paste this as yourstatus . I'll be watching to see \ 
who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & ...... 
The older I get , the faster time seems to move . What is a week now , anyway ? 
Playing Clue with roommates . 
< PROPMALE > Jobs must have hacked Rowan's mainframe because the only working computers on campus are the Macs . 
Well , I guess I can't register to vote . The registration site refuses to let me download the freakin ' pdf file I need to print and send to confirm my registration ! 
All that worrying about my Praxis 2 scores and I got a 191 ! That's 9 points from the breaking point of the test ! I got almost every question right and have qualified for a certificate of EXCELLENCE from ETS !!! 
South Park did the \jersey\ " craze and it was awesome ! " 
Some < PROPFIRST > off just smashed my pumpkin ! 
What's your plan ? Sit here and eat ketchup packs ?! 
Little is better than a < PROPMALE > Python marathon on IFC ! 
13 Days until Halloween ! 
Now it's 11 days ' til Halloween , and 4 days until Bates Motel ! 9 days until Dorney Park's Haunt ! It's gonna be 38 in Allentown that night ! 
Way to go Texas !!! Good luck in the World Series , even if by some miracle you're facing us ! 
Paranormal Activity 2 was infinitely better than the original . In every way ! Face it fans of the original , that movie was boring as hell . 
Let's go Phillays ! 
What the hell did Sanchez just say to Utley !? 
Can't believe that guy just feigned getting hit by Oswalt . What a jackass ! 
STOP SWINGING FOR THE FENCES WHEN YOU HAVE A RUNNER ON 3RD !!!!!!!!! 
Kane Kallas sings like Pavarotti ! 
... 
They've got one inning . 
Not that I care about the Giants ' safety , but if they win they better fly out of the city from the field , because Philly is a city that RIOTS ! 
So ... first things first , Go Texas . Next , Hockey season has started for me , go Flyers . Hope everyone has a Happy Halloween ! San < PROPFIRST > better not stick around to celebrate for their own safety . Hmm ... Hope Bates is awesome tomorrow night , and Dorney on Friday . You just gotta think of the bright side . We're still one of the best teams in the NL , even if SF won a C.L.O.S.E. game tonight . 
< PROPMALE > is a very scary place ! 
Watch The Walking Dead when it premieres on AMC Sunday night at 10pm !!! 
Omg Long ass day ! If you ever get a < PROPMALE > to go to Dorney's Halloween Haunt ; DO !!! 
Note to self ; bigger is not always better for parties , especially if the house isn't big enough . 
Happy Halloween ! 
Protip : You know you're getting older when you can actually sleep too long ! If you feel muscle ache after sleeping 8 hours , yet you felt fine when you're body woke you up after 5 , you know you overslept ! 
Feels more confident about this midterm with each passing minute . 
So , with voting all said and done with let's ask a question . Should anyone who wishes to vote be forced to take a test on how the US Government works before they are allowed to vote ? 
Needs to buy himself gloves . 
There's nothing sadder than a young pessimist ; Except perhaps an old optimist . 
Childrenwith special needs only want what we all want - to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour . It is Special Education Week and this is inhonor of all children who learn a little differently . They should be treated equally to all children 
Why yes , I did stay up late watching Fullmetal Alchemist on Netflix . 
What's your favorite genre of music ? 
Good for Halladay , getting the Cy Young !!! 
7 classes next semester . 
McRib = Unimpressive . 
New York is amazing to see , but I couldn't even imagine living in it . 
I missed the last bus I'll take the next train I tried but you see It's hard to explain I say the right thing But act the wrong way I like it right here But I cannot stay I watch the tv Forget what I'm told Well I am too young And they are too old The joke is on you This place is a zoo You're right , it's true 
I'm thankful for the people I love , and those who love me back . Oh , and of course the 5 days off ; I needed those , hehe . 
I am so happy I don't work in sales today . 
Why are the Storm Troopers so god damn stupid ?! 
What's you're favorite type of tv show ? 
The current rating system places greater emphasis on sexuality than upon violence when it's considering how a film is going to be rated . Is this right ? Should violence be given more precedence ? Should there even be an NC-17 rating ? 
So yeah , PYT Burgers in Philly is offering for a limited time a burger which has two patties , American Cheese , Chocolate covered bacon , all packed between a Krispy Kreme donut . It's estimated to be 1100 calories , and will likely send the lucky eater into a heart attack , stroke , and diabetic shock simultaneously following eating it . 
Like this status or at midnight the ghost of a 12 year old girl who died by falling down a well many years ago will come and steal your soul ! 
Has finally figured out his subject for his Stalinism paper . The primary causes of anxiety for Soviet Peasants during the first 5 year plan . 
< PROPFIRST > Assange is not a hero ; he's a prick who may have just done immeasurable damage to US Diplomatic relations in order to make himself look like a hero . 
decided to join the trend . 
Good on Obama for signing that Free-Trade deal with South Korea ! 
In our modern age wherein exploding elderly populations are causing massive strain on our social safety net system , should society retain any sort of government entitlement programs for those who are old enough to retire ? 
8 pages down , 9 more to go . 
I only need 5 and a half more pages until I'm finished ! 
Wonders if he's the only one who finds it funny that , besides the LOTR movies , all fantasy movies have goofy looking battle where two armies just run at each other and fight with not underlying tactical or strategic approach . 
I'm gonna join the crowd and remind you that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > SIGNED WITH THE PHILLIES RATHER THAN THE YANKEES ! WOOOOOO !!! 
It's gonna snow , snow , snow right here in < PROPFEMALE > ! It will be white overnight oh yes it willllll ! 
Guess what New Jersey ? No matter what path this snow storm takes we're getting buried on Christmas ! 
A in Practicum , A- in TNLA , B+ in DI . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
The older I've gotten , the more of a techie I've become at least as far as interests go . 
Thank you Facebook , for reminding me that Rowan University is popular amongst my friends . Hey , did you know I live in New Jersey ? 
Can't wait for the spring thaw , get this snow out of here ! 
We didn't get our field placements yet ! hahaha 
12 more days til spring training season ! 
Sony Vaio Desktop or iMac ? 
Breaking News : The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into , We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at , Get the Hell Over It . Reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin ' .... Whoot Whoot !!!! Love this post ? Repost it sucka ! 
So , with my degree change I can graduate next semester ! Then I can have a semester off while I apply to grad school if I so choose to take it off , or I can just choose 4 easy classes to fill out the schedule for the following semester . 
< PROPFIRST > is an AWESOME movie ! I thoroughly recommend it ! 
Townhouse 905 A next semester ! 
My professor loves the direction of my seminar paper , I've lost nearly 20 pounds since I changed my habits , my Spanish professor is helping me out , and the Bloustein School for Planning and Public Policy at Rutger's University is offering me the opportunity to tour the school , meet the faculty , and sit in on a class ! Life's honestly looking pretty great ! 
If your Dad is or was a hard working man , is and always will be your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were , or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD , or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you can NEVER replace your DAD 
Like if you eat meat on Good Friday 
entertain me .. be creative\ 
\ 
LET'S SEE WHO TRULY READS MY STATUS :\ 
You and I wake up in a PSYCHIATRIC < PROPMALE > together . USING FOUR WORDS ..... What would you say to me ? \ 
NOTE : IF you comment , YOU MUST COPY and PASTE this to YOUR STATUS ..... So I may comment on yours as well . Be a good egg and play along . ( 4 words is harder than you think 
it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and yet never question their friendship . These friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy and you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends ; they will know who they are 
Having just got back from New Brunswick safely , I can confidently say that I've gone from wanting a gps , to NEEDING a gps . 
Like my status & I'll tell you :\ 
1 . How we met . \ 
2 . My first impression of you . \ 
3 . What I like MOST about you . \ 
4 . Favorite memory with you . \ 
...... 5 . But if you like this you must put it as your status 
Osama Bin Laden is finally dead , it took < PROPFEMALE > long enough . 6 months from now there will be a book about the battle , a month from then it will be a NYT Bestseller , 4 months from then it will be a blockbuster motion picture . That film will go on to win the 2013 Academy award for best picture . 
He's dead . It's not a conspiracy , and he did 9/11 . Get over it , and get over yourselves . 
Just a half hour until < PROPMALE > and Colbert come on ! I can't wait to see what they're gonna say ! 
28 pages and 3 months later and I finally finish my senior seminar paper ! Wooo ! 
If you are a PSN member , and haven't heard yet then you need to hear now . Your information HAS been stolen by a recent hack ! Deactivate any payment methods associated with your PSN account , change all of your passwords , and alert the FTC as soon as you can ! 
Thought of a fun game . I'm a huge fan of music of all kinds , so it seemed appropriate . If you like my status , I will list a song or songs that remind me of you . You have to re-post this , though ! - Stolen from < PROPFIRST > O'Kane . 
I hate when someone hogs a machine at the gym ! 
A in Senior Seminar ! Awesome ! 
Dude , Fact or Faked on SciFi is an absolutely terrible show . People who don't possess a skeptical/cynical disposition should not be performing investigations . Say what you will about the Ghost Hunters , at least they'll assume \it's not a ghost\ " before starting . " 
We must prepare , for tomorrow is the coming of Gozer . Gozer the Traveler , he will come in one of the pre-chosen forms . During the rectification of the Vudronail the Traveler came as a large Torb . 
Brb getting raptured ! 
A request from any of my friends who specialize in math from a an who has not had College Algebra in about 4 years . I'm currently working on Quadratic Equation questions for GRE practice . The equation -21x squared - 31x-8 = 0 is givign me some trouble . I getting the wrong answer here with x = 14/42 , x = 48/42 when I should be getting -147 and -504 . Where am I going wrong ? 
Most people play games or watch tv in their free time . I try to teach myself Calculus . I think I'm understanding limits . 
Yo World of Warcraft Imma Let ya finish , but I just want to say < PROPFEMALE > Wars : The Old Republic is gonna be the best MMORPG of all time ! 
You know that thing that some people say about the Spartans never having been beaten ? Yeah , some people are historically illiterate . See : War Against Nabis 
Stupid Cancer ... we all wish to have a new car .... new phone ... to lose weight ... a person who has cancer only wants one thing .... to fight their cancer .. I know that 97% of you guys won't put this on your wall ... but 3% of my friends will ... put it on your wall in honor of someone who died from cancer or who's fighting against it . 
Xmen First Class was freaking AWESOME !!! 
NJ : We have freshwater & the ocean , farmlands & the mountains ... We eat fresh crabs poured on newspapers ... The \shore\ " and boardwalk in summer is mandatory .... We have Mischief Night & 4 Seasons ... We eat pork roll ( < PROPFIRST > Ham ) & Cheese on hard rolls any time of day ... It's \ " Great Adventure\ " NOT Six Flags !... \ " What Exit\ " is NOT a joke . And we still don't pump gas !! Post if you were raised in New Jersey and proud of it ? " 
Initial reviews of Green Lantern are coming back negative . They're saying that the movie is incredibly shallow and stupid . Not looking good ... 
Is < PROPFEMALE > + Batman the only entity which can make a good Superhero movie anymore ?! 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTEETR BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
Ocean City is nice , but I want to go to Wildwood . 
I've dropped 2 pants sizes since February . 
Let's see who truly reads my status ... You and I wake up in a police car together . Using Four words only , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I can comment on your post as well . 4 words are harder then you think . 
Many thanks to those who remembered to wish me a happy birthday !!! Much Luvs ! 
I thoroughly suggest \Why I Am a Buddhist : No-Nonsense Buddhism with Red Meat and Whiskey\ " by < PROPFIRST > Asma to anyone who is even remotely interested in Buddhism but is not sure where to start !! It explains what a layperson would need to know ! " 
Not the perversities of others , not their sins of commission or omission , but his own misdeeds and negligences should a < PROPFEMALE > take notice of . -The Dhammapada IV : 50 
Let no man think lightly of evil , saying in his heart , it will not come nigh unto me . Even by the falling of water-drops a water-pot is filled ; the fool becomes full of evil , even if he gather little by little . -The Dhammapada IX : 121 
Not a bad ending , Mr. Potter . Not bad at all . 
So apparently the Debt Ceiling crisis has caused a massive international slump in the markets . Good job , Congress . Good job . 
Kids with Special needs aren't weird or odd . They only want what everyone wants ..... to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for 1 hour ? It is Special Education week & Autism & ADHD Awareness 
Let no man think lightly of evil , saying in his heart , it will not come nigh unto me . Even by the falling of water-drops a water-pot is filled ; the fool becomes full of evil , even if he gather little by little . -The Dhammapada IX : 121 ( Some people need to remember this . ) 
Definitely wants to learn how to play piano . 
< PROPMALE > Krueger is in the new Mortal Kombat DLC !? I'm so freakin ' there !!! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this because they've already been eaten by dragons or don't believe in dragons . 6% are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , whilst the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post this . 
HACKER ALERT !!!!!!!!!!! THERE IS A NEW WAY 2 HACK YOUR FACE BOOK . A NOTIFICATION WILL BE SENT 2 YOU THAT ONE OF YOUR FRIENDS HAS COMMENTED ON YOUR STATUS , IT WILL OPEN A NEW < PROPFEMALE > & TELL YOU TO RE-ENTER YOUR FACE BOOK USER NAME & PASSWORD . CAUTION !!! THIS < PROPFEMALE > LOOKS JUST LIKE FACE BOOK LOGIN < PROPFEMALE > , SO BE ON THE LOOKOUT !!!! PLEASE RE-POST THIS TO YOUR STATUS TO LET YOUR FB FAMILY KNOW !!! BE AWARE FRIENDS 
Oh snap , earthquake in the mid-atlantic ! It must be 2012 ! mwahahaha 
To anyone who really knows their physics and can help me , I don't understand what the hell I'm doing wrong here and neither the book nor the program will explain to me how to get the right answer . A sailboat sails with a constant speed of 3.5 m/s 37degrees North of West . How far north has the boat sailed in 29 minutes ? I immediately looked up sin and multiplied it by 3.5 to find y-axis velocity . I then first tried utilizing X/V = T . I multiplied V and T and got the wrong answer , then divided T by V to get the wrong answer , again . I utilized Displacement as a function of Time and also got the wrong answer . The right answer was 3.7 km . What am I doing wrong ??? 
My boss hired me as a timeclock worker instead of a time sheet worker . Epic fails all around . 
