Ok so just letting yall all know , i dont know how to delete this , but i am no longer using this account , so goodbye everyone ! 

Having a good day so far , getting ready for a job interview ! wish me luck :) 
nothing really ive just got the worst freakin headach ! i hate pregnancy 
work today was good nice to work agian , but man carrying trays for the first time in ages sucked ! made an old injury flare up that im stuck icing woohoo great ! 
just chillen getting ready to go train at work so i can get on the floor , and cleanin house so i can stop eating dog hair lol jk 
there might be a ghost in my house ! lol well i hope it is if not something is seriously wrong :( 
so just saw the remake of nightmare on elm street so totally freakin bogus ! the original is the alltime best ! 
cant sleep this sucks 
passing time till i go to work 
just got home from work , had the first ultrasound today !!!! its was amazing , still dont know the sex but my baby is very sociable , she ( i hope ) was waving the whole freakin time ! lol , ill upload the pics tomorrow 
on my way to work catch ya later 
getting ready for work , hope everyone has a great start to their weekend 
Happy Fourth Everyone !!!! 
so excited ! great news to an awfully bad week ;( just got my tickets to the budlight weenie roast ! with shinedown , puddle of mudd , chevelle , 10 years , and sevendust ! yea takin my mommy for her bday 
off to bed , got some < PROPMALE > cleanin n paintin tomorrow fun fun ! 
cleanin n hopefully paintin ! \ 
:) 
gettin ready for work , hope its a good night , man i really dont wanna work today :( 
work was good not amazing thought but good 
makin pizza watchin the dark night n cuddling with my babies ! ( my five dogs ) 
off to walmart ! fun fun ! i freakin hate going to walmart but oh well 
getting ready and off to work ! 
just got home from work , its an alright night :) feel bad for graces feet though :( 
fun fun doing my baby shower registries 
peace out guys bed time 
not wanting to go to work this mornin but i got this lol 
makin breakfast , some bacon n eggs :) yummy ! 
makin lunch , n on to work ! woohoo ! 
peace out guys its bedtime ! :) 
shavin my dog ! poor marly its just to hot for him :( 
I love my mommy , i dont know what she would do without me , probably leave the house wearin white shorts with polka dotted undies ! lol good thing i was there to stop her ! lmao 
woohoo work in an hour , last serving shift ! im excited ! 
going to go sit down n watch the fb games that i tivo'd :) yes i know im a loser lol 
cant sleep , this just sucks 
mission failure on pictures :( flippin ponies lol oh well imma go finish painting :) 
im so fuckin tired of allthese bullshitters n liers just drop dead 
going to watch history and some historic grave stuff thatll calm my nerves 
big day today , painting some more , going shopping , and then onto the concerts ! lov ya mom 
shower then off the concerts ! gonna miss the first band :( oh well theres still more :) 
flippin concert was amazing ! mom n i had a wicked awsome time ! 
wow scary i dont go back to work till saturday ! i dont know what to do lmao 
watchin a movie , cleanin house n nit pickin in my nursery 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t reallyknow everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’texist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know aboutthis ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I .. wonder ........ what Mom thinks about this ..? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom aboutthis . Post this if u have the best Mom in the world ! ? 
upset that they didnt have the midnight showin of the last exorcism :( 
so girl goes \i just got my boyfriends name ( whove i cheated on numerous times ) tattooed on my lip\ " ( great thanks for holdin up the white flag sayin your white trash ! ) " 
feel like shit today :( glad its my day off , maybe it will rain or life will get easier , thatll make me feel better 
bs now i have to go to work , stupid bitch said she had my shift but now cant take it cuz shes still fuckin drunk ! this sucks 
work was slow , n everyone was stressin about having two of the big guys there tonight dam 
so my lil girl since bout eleven last night has been kicking , punching , elbowin , pokin , flippin , and has not stopped its drivin me crazy ! feels like shes just going to burst out like the aliens in the movie aliens ! best part of all is shes found my ribcage and just thinks thats the most coolest toy ever , lol 
fantastic day off today have a freakin killer headach and i get called into work :( some crazy awsomeness ........ not ! 
wow my body feels like it got hit by a train , im going back to bed 
so went to the doc today , had an amazing appointment my lil girl couldnt be healthier , had an ultrasound to and then several blood test :( hate needles 
had an awsome day , baby is doing great , she's almost three pounds ! had a haircut , then went shopping with my mom , great girls day ! 
dam my lil girl is like playing target practice with my ribs ! the sad thing is shes got perfect freakin aim ! 
man i dont want to wake up , but my girl is kickin , i think its time for some freakin breakfast :) 
just got home from watchin baby cooper , now to bed , and hopefully i can sleep , thats one downside of pregnancy the sleepless nights before the baby is even here , i guess its just prep lol 
its 9/11 wow happy birthday to the only man that i love , Marli :) 
just got home from work , and im freakin starving ! peace guys imma go find some food and grub ! 
not feelin to good today this isnt going to be good :( 
awake way to freakin early , but i guess ill start my day with a sugar high lol , coffee n a bunch of sweet rolls ! yum :) 
pretty eventful day , much like sunday , man i hope things get better :/ 
its way to freakin early !, have to be at the doc in like an hour , fun fun 
tired of house rest , i already miss workin , wow thats sad 
HELLS YEA !!!! GO TEXANS ! FIRST OT WIN IN FRANCHISE HISTORY !!! FLIPPIN AMAZING COMEBACK !!! TEXANS 30 WASHINGTON 27 
mission accomplished ! part of the house is clean now only like a billion more parts to go ! :( just getting ready for next saturday , baby shower ! 
a lil over an hour then its GAME TIME !!! GO TEXANS ! 
very disappointed right now :( what happened ? 
tryin to get motivated to clean , and its not going so well , thanks to marli , hes just like mmmm no lets just sleep , i like his thinking lol 
finally in the mood to clean , its helps when ya jam ! lol my atreyu , disturbed , n chevelle are doing good :) 
part 1 of mission 2 clean house accomplished ! too bad theres like 6 more parts of mission 2 , and only about 12 more missions till the whole house is clean , uhhh !!!! its going to be a long week ! 
man its such a beautiful day outside , perfect day for an all day trail ride , man i wish i could ride my horse ! 
great day yesterday , had a doc appointment , did a prego belly cast , and ended it with a camp fire and raosted marshmellows in the woods , :) fun fun 
cleaning cleaning and more cleaning , but at least i wont have to clean tomorrow :) 
hopefully a freakin awsome day , shower , breakfast , then bbq n baby shower ! 
freakin awsome baby shower ! I just want to thank everyone for taking the time to come and celebrate , thank yall ! 
i like big decks and i cannot lie ! 
man im so ready for december to hurry up and get here :) 
round two on tryin to sleep , man i hope it works 
so the munchkin has some < PROPMALE > hiccups today , woke me up with them and is still going poor girl , but only 6 more weeks n she'll be here 
tryin not to get sick agian , my brother brought some virus home with him :( and im out of lysol !!! its very frustrating ! but my spirits are lifted just counting down till my munchkin gets here ! once agian we start the day with < PROPMALE > hiccups :) 
man my munchkin is going crazy ! i swear shes done 8 flips in ten minutes ! 
forcast : another sleepless night with a twirling baby , pain iminent . \ 
Tomorrow : sleep all day , if not several cat naps will be adivised lol 
Its way to early to be up :/ thanks too the munchkin n marli 
busy busy day , doc appointment , mall then class , im wiped lol 
such a busy busy week ! great doc appointment yesterday ! Only a little over three weeks left ! so so very exciting ! Finally my pony is getting over her colic , it only took three days with sleepless nights walking her ! but i love her to pieces ! 
Random pregnancy fact : if you have an inny for a belly button it eventually becomes an outy , mine has officially become an outy with less than three weeks to go :) 
Blueberry muffins and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > sausage for breakfast ! great start to the day now if the Texans have a badass game that would make it so much better ! 
doc appointment in a hour , with an ultrasound too ! how very exciting ! :) 
doc appointment went great !!! didnt get any good pictures of my munchkin though :( but she is weighing in at 5\ 15 ounces only a couple more weeks to go :) " 
this heartburn is killin me !! im ready to have the munchkin to get rid of this ! lol 
it looks like its going to rain outside , i hope it does :) 
Dad+Nerf Gun+Dog+Inside the house = < PROPMALE > freakin headach possibly strangulation 
so this should crack everyone up tonight lol so my poor dog apparently had the runs the other day , well long story short , i took him outside to go to the bathroom and for 10 minutes hes walking around pushing and trying to poop and nothing is coming out and my mom and i are just baffled , well needless to say he had a poop < PROPMALE > on his bung hole and couldnt poop ! lmao it sounds mean but it was so funny 
doc mom came to the rescue but now hes scared to poop ! lol 
I'm so tired of the lying bullshitter ! like really you think your not going to get caught , you think your lies and bs are perfect but they are clearly see through , and you still deny everything and make up dumbass excuses when your ass gets caught red handed ! ya dumbshit ! 
Doc appoinment in an hour ! so very excited ! kinda wish it would all just be over and she will come already ! its very frustrating and i only have a lil longer chillin at 38 weeks and something odd days 
Doc appiontment went great ! but im still only 1.5 centimeters dialated kinda frustrating thought i would be farther :( before she wanted to come early and now shes like uh nope going to stay in lol i thnk im going to be going for several long walks this weekend :) 
Only 11 more days ! maybe ill get a surprise and she'll come today , so i can stuff my face for thanksgiving :) 
10 more days ! well 10 more days till the due date , im just hoping she doesnt wait a week later and then have to be induced ! this is becoming very very frustrating ! 
so had a doc appointment , went ok , still just chilin at 1.5 centimeters ( been there for three weeks now ) if nothing changes by tuesday itll be time to think about inducing :/ 
only 8 more days till the due date , :) 
Have a happy thanksgiving everyone ! 
now its after midnight and officially saturday , only five more days till my munchkins due date ! oh so very exciting 
lol no havent had her yet just counting down till her due date if she even decides to come lol five more days 
going to go and cut down the christmas tree with the fam ! :) 
To all the Women out there :\ 
We bleed to renew life everytime its let done ............ Guess who < PROPFEMALE > lol 
We are home from the hospital and everything went great , she ended up being 7 pounds 8 ounces 19 inches long , full head of black hair and blue eyes ( hope she keeps the blue eyes lol ) 
so my lil girl turned a week old yesterday ! :) and we had our first doctors appointment today , she gained a whole pound in one week ! and grew another inch too ! it broke my heart when they did a test and had to draw some blood , and hearing here scream and not being able to hold her till they were done , just made me cry 
Its amazing how one person changes my whole world ! ive never felt a love like this , shes so small and yet she rules my every move , shes my world . 
Your car is Japanese . Your pizza is Italian . Your beer is < PROPMALE > . Your wine is Chilean . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Columbian . Your tea is Darjeeling . Your watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your shirt is Indian . Your shoes are Thai . Your radio is Korean . Your vodka is Russian . And then you complain : your neighbour is .. an immigrant ? Get ur head out of ur ass !! Copy this if you are against racism . 
my baby girl had me laughing all night the other night , she fell asleep on my chest and proceeded to talk in her sleep the whole night ! i couldnt sleep cuz i was just laughing too much :) 
wont be online tomorrow going to be too busy enjoying my little girls first christmas , but to everyone i hope all of yall have a very joyous christmas ! Enjoy your day tomorrow everyone ! :) 
my little girl is officially one month old today :) its amazing how fast the time has passed and all the amazing things shes doing , man i love her :) 
i love my little girls giggles , and everytime she giggles its more defined and even cuter :) 
so last night was the first night my baby girl slept in her crib in her room away from mommy , very scary for me lol but all went well :) 
if your a snoopy fan , or a smurfs fan they have onsies at target pretty cheap , even popeye , and the beatles too 
finally a small break through with the bottle , sometimes i wish my lil girl wasnt quit as stubborn as me ! lol 
well my baby girl is napping , i think imma go cuddle and nap with her , shes got the right idea :) 
time goes by way too fast ! my baby girl is 8 weeks today , shes getting so big its scary lol :) 
It was such a beautiful day today , i love how my baby girl loves to be outside , we spend all day together just relaxing outside :) 
dam talk about a storm this morning ! the wind was so bad almost sounded like a tornadoe ! 
so breaking 4 inch thick ice with your hands and pulling it out of a water trough without gloves is not a very good idea ! lol my hands hurt 
I love my daddy , he made chocolate covered strawberries today ! just for me and my mom :) 
whoever came up with the brilliant idea to make a bouncer for babies i love them ! thank god for bouncers ! 
Good Morning ! Happy Valentines Day to Everyone ! 
Just got back home from teh dr. appointment and everything is great she weighs 13.1 pounds and is 23 inches long , but the shot part was horrible hearing her cry like that just made me break down too , my poor baby :( 
Im beside myself right now , my baby girl went to bed 3 hours earlier than normal ! I dont know what to do lol do i wait till she wakes up or just go to bed ? 
One thing I just love about y baby girl is she just brightens my day up so much ! everything in the world could get me in the worst mood possible and all I have todo is just look at my baby girl and she'll smile and it allgoes away , man i love her :) shes the only thing that cant get me upset :) 
I love how you say your a father , but all you want is the title of a father , but not actually be one ! what kind of father refuses to change his baby girl's wet diaper so she can have a clean but and then say well i know how to change a diaper , i dont give a shit if you know how your daughter needed a clean freakin diaper ! just venting it was a rough visit 
Another beautiful day with a beautiful daughter :) 
its a pain in the butt bathing marli , hes my pomeranian , way to much fur ! and he gets shampoo and conditioner or his skin dries out ! Thanks to mom for letting him get gross agian , i bathe him and she takes him outside still wet and lets him roll in the dirt ! lol thanks mom 
It cracks me up how my baby girl just loves my brother ! yet he is the person she hardly sees compared to everyone else lol it makes my brother feel special too , makes my mom jealouse though lol 
my baby girl is 13 weeks today ! shes getting so big n fat i love it ! 
Had such a great day today 
all i can say is thakn god for turbo tax ! :) 
I've just learned about this and it is quite frustrating and depressing that in this day and age people still think like that . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > a Republican Representative for the state of < PROPFEMALE > is trying to have a < PROPMALE > passed stating ' THAT IF YOU ARE A WOMAN AND YOU MISCARRIED YOU ARE PUNISHABLE BY DEATH , UNLESS YOU CAN PROVE THERE IS NO HUMAN INVOLVEMENT IN YOUR MISCARRIAGE ' 
taking < PROPFEMALE > to her first livestock show n rodeo then too kiss concert ! should be an eventful day 
Amazing day with the family , the rodeo was great , the KISS concert awsomeness , and the best part is < PROPFEMALE > loved the whole thing and was such a happy baby :) what a great day ! 
im so glad that all my animals love munchkin , shes been grabbin n pulling tails , pulling ears and trying to yank thier fur off ! they all sit there andtake it its amazing cuz if i tried to get away with it ild be tackled lol 
Got a babysitter , and now its time to deep clean the WHOLE house ! its much needed 
So Stoked ! ryans 4th birthday party tomorrow and then < PROPFIRST > bound ! me n munchkin will be an < PROPFIRST > for a week , so excited ! 
