List to do today : 1st Get up , 2nd Live , 3rd Go back to sleep 

Wind , wind , go away . Come back some other day . 
Got done with a hike and now ... it's time for Friday games ! 
.... ok . Time to stop being the walking dead . 
It's Wednesday ! PARTY ! 
It's Friday ! Now ... I have 2 weeks of no camp ... 
Lets see how late I can stay up and how dead I'm going to be in the morning . -_- 
Two weeks off and I'm going back to camp for one of the weeks . -_- 
Soon we should all dance like the crazy people we are ! 
Cheers , s I get to go to camp to help with the food ! :\\ 
The world is all , but a game few can play , thats why there are game manuals you before playing the game . 
ATVing and Jeeping are fun ! 
When the world looks down on you , you stand up and look down on it . 
Cheers ! School starts today ! Nice to be home a few hours then have to go back . -_- 
It's all in the head .... or is it ?!? 
When you feel down , you got to look up away from the ground . 
Yes pizza ! 
If things get blacker ... how does that work ? 
I got save today from not having blood taken from me ... only intel Friday ... 
When people look at you crazy , then your not the only crazy . 
It Friday ! 
It's a very lazy day ... don't know what to do . 
Life does funny things to you , I find it crazy . 
You know somthing is wrong when your faceing it . 
Rule number 1 : When you go to to say somthing ... think about it a few times before you say it . Could save your life . 
You know your crazy when you start singing camp songs in school and don't know why . 
HELLO PERSON ! 
Seafood Festival was fun , but hate rides that go fast then have a little stop in them , then go , stop ish , go , stop ish . Makes a person not feel too good . -_- 
Dear Facebook ( feel like doing this :P ) , \ 
Today was a fun day , we dance , we sing , but most of all I found out that hot irons hurt and are not fun . So note to self , don't dance and sing with a hot iron . 
Some days I wish for that easy button , if we can find one that would be super cool ! 
see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are ... And if they are paying attention . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me usingthe THIRD letter of your first name , No repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word 
Dear Facebook , ( I find this a lot of fun when I start like this . )\ 
Today I have found out that things you make in science class are not nice . Made a monster of a thing and wouldn't get off of me , we had a fight . Fight is was , but I won to tell the story of the fight ! 
wow , look at this rain ! 
Hmmm , hi facebook ! 
Hate it when you you have to see the dnetist and they put half your face asleep -_- 
Not a lot of people this Halloween . 
Some day the world needs to stop for a few . I'm trying to keep up ! 
It's cold and not rainning ... need new Wather Man ! 
NO SHCOOL FOR THE WEEK ! 
No school for the weekend ! School out for the weekend ! 
\You got to make it up to her . \ " \ 
I had a lot of fun today ! :D 
SCHOOL IS OUT ! 
i got my cell back ! 
we are all crazy people , well some more then others 
Its fun when you have nothing to do for a hr in class -_- 
