Lets see how forthcoming my fb friends are . leave a one word comment about me ( describing me ) on my < PROPFEMALE > and then copy and paste this to ur status and i will do the same for u . Lets see if 20 or more friends post ? 

I am out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!!!! Lets lift us his name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of facebook Users will not repost this ,,,, when Jesus Died on the cross he was thinking of you , If you are one of the few 3% repost this message ,,,,,,,,,,, thank you and GOD bless you 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS & SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU ! 1 = Crazy , 2=I'd Marry You , 3 = Talkative , 4 = Sarcastic , 5 = I miss you , 6 = Club Head , 7 = Moody , 8 =D umb , 9 = Mouthy , 10 = Spoiled , 11 = Random , 12 = Hot , 13 = Funny , 14 = Fit , 15 = Amazing , 16 = Tough , 17 = Cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = Playa , 20 = I Love You , 21 = Gorgeous , 22 = Nutella Crazy . 
I Love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
my fine is 535.60 
tired tired tired this logging and working on equipment is getting old ready for something new oh well it pays the bills and work with good people 
ok folks u wanna know what urban dictionary says about my name look it up and if u know me u wont believe it 
is back in this small town seeing family was great just wish it wqasnt under the circumstances it was under hope to find more time to visit with them 
is ready to see the colts win the superbowl 
thought about becoming a jiggalo but was told I couldn't pay bills cause I would give it away sounds like a good idea a non profit jiggalo 
is thinking I should change my name to Mr. Flintstone 
my chick bad my chick good my chick do shit urs wish she could 
got this from a friends status if there is no trust or respect then its not truely love those . That could not have been said any better 
can't believe I told my wife to get two tickets to go see < PROPMALE > mcgraw and she acts like she don't wanna go cause I aint going 
well I feel like a radio station I am sending three people to see < PROPMALE > mcgraw next Friday night if I were a radio station the call letters would be wlbb 
don't understand women . my wife acted like she didn't wanna go to the concert then acted like she did then now is acting like she don't want to go now what gives lord this is killing me 
I might not be handsome or sexy , not have the perfect body or be buff .. I might not be anyones first choice either .. but .. I'm ME ! I don't pretend to be somebody else ... Might not be proud of some of the things I've done , but I'm proud of who I am today !! I AM GENUINE !! Always \represent\ " and never \ " front\ " !! Copy this and post it to your profile if you live your life being you and you are proud of it ! " 
your crazy bitch but u fuck so good 
is hoping i heard the radio correctly that < PROPFIRST > Bloomquist is gonna be in waycross the 7-8 of may if so I will be there 
ok no more bad words on Facebook I was informed not to do that anymore by my uncle so uncle < PROPMALE > for u there will be no more bad words 
lord please place your hand on my shoulder and help me thru this . this year has been tough and I know you have a plan but lord this is a lot I hope everyone spends as much time as possible with their family you never know when u will lose someone 
all u dirt track racing fans the real racing is gonna be in waycross this weekend so leave the seats in dublin and chocran empty and go to see the big boys with big toys < PROPFIRST > bloomquist and < PROPFIRST > roberts and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > just to name a few hope to see some hometwon folks down there 
happy mothers day to all the moms hope today is wonderful for yall 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY there's a ... man stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence ? 
life feels like I am on the beach and just built a sand castle to turn around and knock it over I do something good or nice to back it up with something mean or stupid 
is thinking about joining a monestary sounds like a plan 
well down here in < PROPFEMALE > to pacify the wife hope everyone else is having fun we sure will I HOPE 
another wednesday gone and now to wait for sat night going to < PROPFEMALE > isles with my family i got alot of things going on and on my mind so this will be great 
well its monday for sure everything is wrong and nothings right guess there's no complaint then cause that's everyday for me laugh it off and move on 
stole this from a friend but its so true says some people make your life better just by walking into it and some people make ur life better just by walking out of it . you have got to love those few simple words 
has noticed , we push away the ones that love us , and the ones that we love push us away ? 
wonders am I that bad that noone wants me around their wives without them around or am I just that sexy and nice they think she will want me more than them still pondering and no results yet 
thinking decisions in life always affect someone and sometimes people we don't wanna hurt what do u supposed to do just look up and pray or just do it and not look back hmmmm still pondering 
this ride is a bummer one hundred < PROPMALE > to work and a hundred home this sucks 
You take me for granted & may think its okay , but its not . You may think i am fine , but i am not . You may choose one thing over me and think it was the right move , but it wasn't! You are wrong & it hurts ! You are never here 4 me ~ You say you are my friend but are you really !? It really is true the good ones finish last damn this world sucks 
POKE me if You ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if You think Im cute . INBOX me if You ever wanted a relationship with me or/and still do . And COPY And PASTE this as your status if you ain't scared this should be interesting 
it says whats on ur mind is there really enough room here to write whats on our minds i know there isnt for me but one thing that sticks out is dont tell people how u really feel about them especially if its good cause it may get u hurt 
I'm a < PROPFEMALE > mean love machine that likes to be held umhum baby I'm a double xl 
FORGIVNESS such a simple word but so hard to so when u been hurt 
going to try fuddruckers hope its good < PROPFEMALE > if not u in trouble 
my kids have had me watching shreck over and over and I have come to realize I am just like shreck I am big fat ugly and stupid and people judge me before they take time to know me hmmmmmm 
all these children going back to school and my oldest starts at the enrichment school in Mcrae Monday glad daddy will be at work cause I would be crying worse than him 
why can that three letter question be answered I don't think so cause there is always a why to follow every answer so why ask why I ask why cause I don't understand the reason things happen the way they do for me 
Ok i am officially spoiled wife got me a droid x cause i wanted one and nothing wrong with old phone 
Well gonna be a good husband and take wife to movies tonight if this slave driving boss will let us leave the woods early enough 
Love it when people plan something to do with people u think are your friends and then back out oh well shows who friends r especially when they went the same place and decided to do their own thing and sorry to my family ahead of time but fuck friends who aren't really friends 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . \ 
At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom\ 
does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I\ 
wonder what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my M ... om\ 
about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world ! 
You had a friend in me a friend like no other but its time for a change how long before u miss me i say u will never miss me 
Hmmmmmm logging is really boring these days which is why i am here and about to write something crazy i love women and women love me now only problem is the only women who love me are family dang see i am really bored 
ok think i told everyone individually thanks for the happy birthdays if i missed u let me know i will make sure to thank u too hope all are well and doing great 
If your Dad is , or was , your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him Always & Forever\ 
? my Daddy 
INBOX-ONLY : Tellme something you've always wanted to tell me . It stays between us . Putthis as your status to see the responses you get . 
I feel like the luckiest son in the world to have a great mother and step dad they r taking their last pennies to take all the kids to pigeon forge next week I love you both can't wait 
It is better to be told a hurtful truth than to be told a comforting lie . In the end , the truth will make its way out and will hurt much more than it ever had to . 
[ Poke ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do\ 
[ LIKE ] This status if you think i am a good friend\ 
[ MESSAGE ] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me\ 
[ COMMENT ] On this if we have had good memories 
Ok I know now walmart sells almost everything cause found out today that they sell caskets wow 
That woman was so sexy she made jello hard 
dang what a day i asked < PROPFEMALE > to start swinging and without letting me say april fools she left and said she wanted a divorce what a day 
