01022010 is today's date . It reads the same foreward as backward . Thanks for that info , < PROPMALE > ! 

I finally gave in and got on Facebook ... 
I know better , because I have a tendancy to get addicted to silly games , but my curiosity got the best of me and I clicked on Farmville and Cafe World . But I'm confused ! Well , generally speaking . But how do I find neighbors and , more importantly , what's the point ? 
wants to know why in the hell the posts don't appear chronologically ? 
lay in bed for awhile thinking that it felt like a grey , rainy , cold day . I hate being right . 
I just found out that I won $100 in a pull-tab drawing at The Speakeasy ! Woo-hoo ! 
I'd love for everyone to come see me in ' The Night of the Iguana ' at Community Theatre this weekend or next . I think it's gonna be a great show ! 
Does anyone have pics of Kenn and I ? I'm debating whether to embark on a project ... 
Last night's show went so well ! I hope we can do it five more times . I'd still love to see as many of you as possible at The Night of the Iguana at Community Theatre ! http://ctth.org 
The first weekend of the show went really , really well ! Thanks to everyone who came out , and those of you didn't make have three more chances . Or else ... 
Thanks to everyone who came to the cast party . We had a wonderful time ! For those non-cast members , you still have two chances to see us all at Community Theatre ! 
Only one more < PROPMALE > to see The Night of the Iguana - I hope to see as many of you as possible at Community Theatre at 2:30 this afternoon ! 
Thank you , everyone who came to see The Night of the Iguana . An extra-special thanks goes out to my cast members who worked so hard , but laughed just as hard . Your support and smiles mean so much to me ! 
My squirrel pics were so popular , I added a couple more . If you click fast , it's almost like a cartoon . 
Recent houseguest : on top of one of the dog's crates was a thin metal < PROPMALE > that we used to secure < PROPMALE>'s containment . It is absolutely the type of thing that should have been hidden from a child . However , it is currently hidden from me as well . Any ideas ? 
I wasn't looking forward to closing at work , but I had a great time with friends and came home to talk with more friends until the sun just lightened the sky - now that's something to be thankful for . 
is getting to bed ' early ' so that I can wake up ' early ' and go to Rising Sun ! Hooray for a mini-vacay ! 
We made it back from the casino $400 richer but also sick as dogs . < PROPMALE > came home from work early and I got my shift covered . For our friends in the medical field , when do we start looking for curly tails and snouts ? 
Okay , I'm a dork . If you agreed to be my friend , then you already know this . But I need one more ' neighbor ' on FarmVille to expand my farm , so if anyone out there is a closet ' farmer ' , then won't you be my neighbor ? After this I promise to shut up about the whole thing - at least until I'm due for another upgrade . 
WE'RE GETTING A CHRISTMAS TREE TODAY ! I've never had a real tree before ! 
We have a room at the Omni and reservations at Oceanaire ! Yay !!! Tomorrow is The Trans-Siberian Orchestra concert . I hear I should be excited about that , too . 
Our little trip was wonderful ! Food , great . Hotel , beautiful . Concert , well , turned to eleven . Indy , however , pales in comparison to our time with family . 2009 seems to be the year of the scarf ! The only downside was the late drive home last night . Zero visibility , very icy , and not a plow in sight . Yikes ! 
Happy New Year everyone ! I'll be working at @thecopperbar all night , and I'd love to see some friendly faces . Everyone , be safe , have fun , and I'll see ya next year ! 
Why do furnaces wait until it's 10 degress outside to break down ? Why not , say , when the overnight lows are in the 40's ? 
black 
Okay , I know that the FarmVille posts are annoying and I wish there was a way to just send them to people who play , but for those of us who do they're helpful . And I know that the game periodically has me send gifts or whatever to people who aren't necessarily active but have an account . Sorry , just ignore them . On that note , I still need friends so ' friend ' me , then ignore it . Thanks ;) 
I just took a quiz that told me I'm bipolar . At first I was angry about it , but now I think it's just funny . 
Once again , < PROPFEMALE > Rohrmayer was working for a medical mission in Haiti and her family has yet to hear any word about her whereabouts . Please continue to keep Meggie , the Rohrmayer family , and the millions of people affected by the earthquake in your prayers . If you'd like more details , please see my earlier posts . 
The question with the fundraiser is , how big do we want to get ? Do we want to have a small place ( like < PROPFIRST>'s theatre ) and pre-sell a limited # of tickets ? Do we want to partner up with a bar ? Thoughts , anyone ? 
My mood matches the weather today . 
Does anybody want a Christmas tree to mulch or burn ? I've removed the ornament , but not the tree ! It is , however , still pretty green and lush . Not bad . 
Having been around the Purdue campus during the Brees years , I've been quietly rooting for the Saints all year . However , it wasn't until OT that I realized that the Saints winning meant Favre might be throwing his last pass . Kinda ' choked me up a bit . What a great game though ! It was a good day of football . Wearing blue from here out !!! 
Who else is so excited about Lost they could just pee themselves ?! 
Finally getting around to cleaning out the spare room . * sigh * I've been putting it off for far too long . 
I'm working my first shots shift at Copper tonight . Come make me feel special ! Tomorrow is the Bridal Expo at Hulman Center , where we'll be serving our food and mimosas - if you're planning a wedding and still need a caterer for food and/or bar , we'd love to see you ! I think we have some free tickets left ... 
I am not amused by the fact that facebook keeps suggesting that I reconnect with < PROPFIRST > Furr . 
I feel like FB is kinda ' sucking today - I know some of you addicts have posted more recently than three hours ago , and whenever I refresh , old stuff that hadn't been appearing pops up . Something is most fishy ... 
It has been , almost exactly , one week since I've seen Kenn or even heard his voice . 168 hours . Many of those hours have been far better than expected , and only a couple have been as bad a feared . Maybe it was really time . 
I finally kicked the stupid tree to the curb - I couldn't find anyone to mulch or burn it , sorry Earth . But it is so nice to have reclaimed my house ! Now , on with my conquest ... 
I was just walking < PROPMALE > when the mailman came . Seba tried to run in the snow to see him , but hit a drift and did a perfect face-plant in the snow . Then he tried to reclaim his manhood by howling at the poor guy , who was laughing his toboganned head off . I love my dogs . 
In case anyone was wondering how much snow we got last night , it's about a beagle deep in places . 
I've had better days . Does anybody have a computer I can use/have/buy ? Or a lead on a good deal ? 
I quit life . 
I just saw the dog from across the street , whose owners allow to run loose , get hit by a car . He cried the most heart and gut-wrenching sobs , then limped to his backyard . A few months ago , I saw their cat get mauled by a dog . Some people do not deserve to be pet owners . 
It looks like our neighbor-dog is back in his yard . I'm so glad ! 
I need something to look forward to again . Maybe I can save for a < PROPFEMALE > , beachy vacation . 
Okay , the more previews I see for < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland , the more excited I become ! 
To my fellow reading enthusiasts : Check out the GoodReads app - it's a neat way to share what you're currently reading and rate and review books that you've read . Get on there and become my friend - my to-read list is getting short ! 
I had unpleasant messages on my phone before my feet even hit the ground . Upon entering the living room , I discovered that someone had peed on the rug ( despite having gone outside right before I went to bed - and it really tied the room together ) . And my mother wonders why I don't get out bed earlier ? 
I am in way too foul a mood for such a gorgeous day . 
I have finally found something I can't eat ; amaebi , or sweet shrimp , totally kicked my butt at Umi last night . The fried heads - no problem ! But the raw shrimp itself - problem ! I got one bite down , but wasn't about to take my chances on a second . 
I decided to buy myself a ring , and I found a super-cool Celtic knot suicide ring ( so called because I could hide cyanide inside in case you tried to torture secrets out of me - kinda ' flip-top , I guess . ) I need to write a very small verse or prayer and stash it inside . Any suggestions ? 
I'd like to fall for someone who will build a treehouse for our children . That way , I can sit in the treehouse and read while the kids are at school , or we can watch stars together after the kids have gone to bed . On second thought , maybe I'll just get a book on DIY treehouse building . 
The joint account is closed ! C-L-O-S-E-D ! Cuh-lowzed !!! No more paying child support for a kid I've never met and probably never would have , thanks to Mr. Father Of The Year . I asked him to take care of it for months - funny how a half-hour at the bank and two phone calls got it done for me . Now , take care of your cell phone or prepare to lose it , loser ! 
Thank you all for letting me vent . Sorry , that seems a little harsh now that I've calmed down . 
I got a red wine stain out of a white shirt and made veggie broth from scratch . I'm feeling very domestic and lovely ! 
God , I am really hurting tonight . 
I've just learned that Indiana bars can now be open until 3am on Sundays , too . That being said , I will be behind The Copper Bar until 3am tomorrow , so please come and keep me company ! It promises to be a very , very long night ! 
I will be bartending at The Copper Bar all night - that's right folks , Indiana bars can now stay open until 3am ! Please come keep me company , it'll be a long night without you ! 
As if the guy who asked me if our martini glasses had been repaired ( they have crooked stems ) and gave me a hard time for clarifying that his drink was a Long Island when he ordered iced tea wasn't weird enough , he is now playing harmonica at the bar . I don't think I'll tell him we're open ' till 3 . 
It worked out well that the lawnmower ran out of gas yesterday and I had to continue today - it gave me an excuse to drink a beer in the afternoon two days in a row ! 
To the tune of ' Every < PROPFEMALE > Has it's Thorn ' - \Skah-ty knooohs what eeeye driink ... \ " thanks Mahan . " 
The guy working the starbucks drive-thru is a little much on four hours of sleep . 
Fantastic Mr. Fox . Pretty cussing good movie . 
The garden is in and glorious . I only bled a little . If those bunnies take this as the grand opening of the buffet , there may not be an Easter next year . 
I am literally lying in bed , wide awake , imagining that I can hear bunnies eating my garden . Sheesh . 
In case you were wondering , a trash bag full of un-crushed cans is worth about $1.50 at the recycling center . And it makes all the guys there laugh a little . 
Among the things that I love about < PROPFIRST > Sexton is his ability to bring people together . It's good to sing with < PROPFEMALE > Furr and < PROPFIRST > . 
For those of you who knew my grandmother and would like to attend , we will be having a memorial service for her at Union Christian Church this Sunday , the 2nd at 3:00 pm . I'd like to share my deepest thanks for all the love that has been extended to my family . 
Doing the tax check boogy - it's not much , but it's mine ! 
It looks as though my plants survived the cold weather overnight . And , for those of you playing along at home , yes I am up unusually early . I'm working an unheard of lunch shift behind the bar at Copper , so come see me ! 
Yay ! I get to help out at The Station again starting tomorrow ! Back to two jobs for awhile . Uf ! 
It's ' 80's night at The Copper Bar - this should be a hoot ! 
We've been cleaning my grandmother's house and have quite a bit of clothing to donate . Can anyone suggest somewhere to take , or have a need for , plus-sized women's clothing ? 
If anyone is house-hunting or knows someone who is , we are selling my grandmother's house as soon as possible . It's a cute 3 BR , 1 bath with a detatched 1 car garage in the Sheraton Park area . My family has done a lot of work to it , and it looks great , but it's going to be VERY affordable . Let me know if you'd like to see for yourself . 
There is a < PROPFEMALE > supporter in the bar right now running around with his jersey off . This is awesome . 
Someday , I will likely learn the hard way to have more respect for expiration dates . Until then , I will continue to test my gastro-intestinal system by eating things well past their ' best by:' date - thanks , milk dated the 3rd . 
I may be addicted to my new food processor . Since I got it yesterday evening , I've made beer cheese , hummus , and yogurt . It's probably time for me to step away from the kitchen . Just back away slowly ... 
Only about half an hour until I put the bowling shoes back on . This could be interesting ... 
Dear ants , You were not invited . Find your way out of my house . Yours truly , Human Resident 
233-159-171 . My distaste for 10-pins is unchanged . I had 6 my second game ! 
Aah , what a bittersweet night . I am so excited to see the end of Lost . But it's ... The End ... 
Tearing up already . 
I'm loving these Target commercials ! 
I'm not sure how I feel about that . 
If anyone is trying to decide where to have lunch , stop by and see be at Copper ! 
I'm trying to be a sappy nerd and watch Moulin Rouge , but the DVD is skipping . I could have sworn this is why we gave up VHS ... 
Well , my vegetable garden is weeded , hoed , and raked . The < PROPMALE > garden will have to wait for another day . From the sounds of it , I'm not going to have to water the gardens ! Now I'm craving ice cream ... or sushi . Okay , I'll take both . 
ATTN ! Anyone around my house - I just realized that the beagle slipped out of his collar while he was outside - please please please help me look !!! 
The cat likes overhearing children's stories . -Amelie 
Thanks , everyone , for all the birthday wishes yesterday . It was a great one ! 
Has anyone else caught the typo on the magnetic < PROPMALE > schedules ? 
Let's go Slovenia ! Oh yeah , and US ... What's the record for disallowed goals in the WC ? 
Woooooooo hoooooooo !!!!!!!!! 
I can't for the life of me figure out what this attractive Indian woman in the margin has to do with me finishing an accounting degree online . 
Things I learned today : 1 ) Ceci can swim . 2 ) She does not enjoy it . 
Just as I was beginning to agonize over whether motorist in my neighborhood were too classy to honk at a girl doing yard work in a bikini top or if I should go inside and put on a shirt , two drivers in a row restored my self-confidence . In myself , that is , not in the character of Terre Haute residents . 
If anyone is thinking about lunch this afternoon , you can join me at The Copper Bar until 5 - grilled cheese , import drafts , spiced rums , and some bombs are on special ! 
I was having a really bad day until somebody caught a table on fire at work . 
Has anybody else seen the commercials for ' fushigi the magic gravity ball' ? Does anyone else have the urge to see Labyrinth ? 
I'm so happy to be eating a tomato from my garden , but I've come to the conclusion that I prefer red tomatos to yellow . That's probably because the yellow tomatos are the ones doing best . Anybody need tomatos ? 
Wouldn't this be a lovely day to have dinner and a drink at The Copper Bar ? 
Did anybody else on the near east side just lose their cable ? Or has a rabbit finally sought revenge for the garden comments ? 
Come see me at the bar this afternoon - we have baked mostaccioli with garlic bread and a salad on special today ! 
I'm excited ! I was just offered a real , big-kid job ! 
I've just realized that this is likely my last shift at the bar before I start the career job - come say bye with me ! 
Well folks , Tuesday was a false alarm - today's lunch shift is really , for honest , my last shift at the bar before my big-kid job starts . Of course , you can still see me and the rest of the < PROPFEMALE>'s crew on Saturday - we'll be all dressed up for our Rat Pack night with live music and food and drink specials ! Ya think I can pull off < PROPFEMALE > ? 
\I went to brush something off my cheek and it was the floor . \ " < PROPFIRST > Chandler " 
Does anyone know of somewhere that recycles printer cartridges for a good cause ? PetCo used to take them for the humane society , but they've stopped and I have a handful to get off the desk ! 
Is anyone interested in dog-sitting tonight ? 
The pups are suffering from some pretty kickin ' allergies , and the vet's advice was to give them frequent baths with soothing shampoos . That and a thorough house-cleaning haven't done the trick . For you dog lovers , any thoughts on benadryl , or in general ? 
Is it all in my head , or does my car really feel happier with brand new oil ? 
I need a stunt double . 
\The devil ain't got no music . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Staples " 
I cannot focus this afternoooh look a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I just kissed the beagle's face and he walked right over and whiped it off on the couch . Men . 
I have a half-dozen open bottles of wine at my house from the tasting last night . Shall we have a tasting this afternoon , too ? 
Hey neighbors - is anyone else without power ? 
Walmart associate I've never seen : \I just finished capping your bottles . They're right over there . I knew it was you because of how ( the manger ) described you . \ " \ 
Why is everyone driving like total id- oh crap , light changed . 
Have the clouds today made any other Dark Tower fans think of The Beam ? 
I have five friends celebrating birthdays today . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > - I hope you have a wonderful day ! 
McRib : the only sandwich that has ever made me think of pickles and onions as redeeming features . 
Today , I planned to finish yardwork , take a bike ride , and bathe the dogs . That all fell apart some time around the bottle of wine and stupid movies on USA . Ahh , sweet victory . 
Haha they smushed Vick right out of his shoes . Jerk . 
Okay , fine , December , I will decorate for Christmas now . But did you have to resort to snow already ?! 
Ah deeded duh coffee , < PROPMALE > ah burd mah dongue . 
I love the iPhone weather app's picture for snow ! Wait - did I just say that ? 
Here's the brain teaser I'm working on - which musical artist's songs could you play consecutively for the longest time without duplictaing a credit ? So , for example , < PROPFIRST > McCartney would have a solo career , The Beatles , and Wings - there's three credits . Sting has two , starting with The Police . Got it ? 
My car has begun pelting the drivers behind me with chunks of ice . That's right , keep your distance , dummies ! 
Christmas songs are choking me up today ! 
Three 12-hour days in a row really take it out of a girl . 
I am so grateful for all of my friends and family ! I had such a wonderful Christmas , and I hope you all did , too ! 
There's been an accident in front of the mall and south-bound traffic is backed up past Vorhees ( or however you spell it ) . ' Seek alternate route . ' 
Note : never buy a $5 pretzel from the IU concessions again . However , kudos on the creative use for stale hotdog buns . 
Some days you're the bug . 
I'm glad my dogs love me for who I am . 
I need to drive less . By then end of the week my road rage is out of control . 6:00 am is too early to yell at a truck going 15 < PROPMALE > an hour on the highway . Then again , any time is appropriate to yell at a truck going 15 < PROPMALE > an hour on the highway . 
I just had to remind myself that the people on Million Dollar Money Drop can't hear me yelling the ( correct ) answer . But my dogs can . And they suck at trivia . 
To summarize other posts : banks , UPS , and institutions of learning are all closed . The mall , however , is open for business . Might our priorities be a bit skewed ? 
Wow , I think this is the worst half-time show I've ever seen . 
The only thing that could save this is a wardrobe malfunction . 
What a beautiful sunrise ! Stupid sunrise , I wanna stay in bed . 
Iiiiit's -springly ! Yay ! 
Oh Three Sheets , how I've missed you . Welcome back . What's that ? Never heard of Three Sheets ?! You must turn on Spike !!! 
I just saw a car on whose dirty rear window someone had scrawled \I < 3 you ! \ " Literally . Have we really \ " advanced\ " to the point that kids don't know how to draw hearts ? " 
Oh how I love falling asleep to thunder ! 
I drove by a field of inky black crows and some clean white birds that looked like sea gulls . It was an elaborate game of avian chess . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Slaven , \ 
You are currently a Partner in Whine . Chili doesn't make itself , ya ' know ? \ 
Your Partner in Sarcasm , \ 
~ Carrie 
\Due Date - We have it 
Twelve-plus hour days aren't uncommon , but for some reason this thirteenth hour did me in ! I'm sorry , emails , but I just can't face you tonight . 
I am proud to be a Tree today ! 
The car door just swung shut on my hand . Naughty words . 
Oh Casita , how I love thee ; let me count the ways - one large cheese dip , two bags of chips , twelve extra hot tacos , $11.29 , number 242 , 31 napkins ... One happy girl . 
I was going to bed . Really . But this is the Surfin ' Bird episode of Family Guy , and , well - you know . 
Would you guys just stop stealing liquor so I don't have to put on these stupid security caps when I should be done with work ? Huh ? Please ?! Sheesh . 
The Taj Mahal is apparently not in business to make money . I knew they close after lunch since they've actually told me to leave before , so I called at 2:10 to place an order and was told that they closed in ten minutes and weren't cooking any more . it must be nice to work just for the love of it ! 
YOU !!! White Stuff - back to December where you belong ! 
I happened to catch just a little bit of Sister Wives on my way to bed . Negative , ghost rider . 
I'd just like to let you all know how cool < PROPFEMALE > Seeley is for helping me clean out the basement and clipping the dogs ' nails . What a gal , huh ? I hope the yardsale/fundraiser is a massive success ! 
I spent two hours fixing the shelf set in < PROPMALE > yesterday , which the manager observed . I arrived today to find they've cut the shelf from 12 feet to 8 , and everything is wrecked . You might want to stand back so you don't get hit when my head explodes . 
