is starting the long process of jailbreaking my ipod for 3.0 beta 4 ... 

Going to see Transformers 2 tonight ... in IMAX =) 
Transformers was AMAZING ! =D 
lifting weights with dad ? then out ? hmmm .... 
hates that i cant get any privacy , even when my room's in the basement ! 
is learning how to hack his wii =P 
is glad people came today . i haven't had that much fun in a while =D 
i feel like im the only person i know that doesnt have anything to do . being with the family is okay , but being with friends would be better . 
starting my chemistry homework ... it's alot more than i thought . 
this summer is going by too fast =( oh well , i'll just have to make the best out of what's left . =) 
if anyone has wii speak let me know ! =) 
I'm so scared that i'm going to sleep in that i currently have 2 alarm clocks set and 2 separate alarms set on my cell phone . is it bad that i dont trust my self that much . haha =P 
band camp at 9 ?! I think this will officially start my senior year ... 
just got home after a 5 hour drive :\\ 
What lies in front of me and what lies behind me are < PROPFEMALE > matters to what lies within me . -finally found a senior quote :) 
It's easy to be nice to people you like , but being nice to people you hate , thats a skill . 
Depression , please cut to the < PROPMALE > and cut a long story short Oh please be done . How much longer can this drama afford to run ? Fate looks sharp , severs all my ties and breaks whatever doesn't bend But sadly then , all my heavy hopes just pull me back down again .... 
so i found out why i havent heard back from western yet .... my first quarter grades were never sent in ! >=( 
is extremely relieved and happy !!! :D 
I cant do this stupid scholarship folder ... :/ 
doesnt like thinking .... it rarely ever leads to good thoughts :/ maybe going out in a bit to clear my head .. 
There's a lie For every truth . 
just went on a much-needed and refreshing walk =) 
new number :) 2036261654 txt me :) 
why cant i just be done with highschool already ? 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/kher 
You gotta stand for something or you'll fall for anything . =) 
... wow . life's pretty great right now =D 
There comes a time that every bird has to fly . At some point every < PROPFEMALE > has to die . 
So I grab my bags and go As far away as I can go Cause everything ain't what I used to know 
Having a good time at < PROPFEMALE > beach ! Minus a few disturbances ... But I'll live . 
At UConn for orientation . I'm just a little intimidated ... But I made a few friends already ! 
Is playing mellophone in the UConn Marching Band this fall =D 
had a really good day . this day was wayy past over due . =) going to bed now , physical in the morning :/ 
is sitting in his room blasting DCI music cuz im home alone and there's no one to complain about it :D 
At uconn for ucmb's open house ! :D 
Just got the new Droid X 
Just had an amazing night with some awesome people !!! =D 
I think that I can safely say that , other than living at home , life is really good right now . :-D 
Cushion the painful effects of hard blows by keeping the enthusiasm going strong , even if doing so requires struggle . 
Just went dorm shopping :-) 
Just wants to move out and get away from meriden .. 
damn .. :'( i didnt think i fucked up this bad . 
Don't think I deserve this . But whatever I guess . </3 
Everything happens for a reason I guess .. 5 days left here then I can start over and make things better . 
Things don't go wrong and break your heart so you can become bitter and give up . They happen to break you down and build you up so you can be all that you were intended to be . ;) 
the longest day ever begins now ... =/ leaving meriden in an hour then heading to storrs to move in and start camp for UCMB ! 
All moved in ... Too bad I still don't believe this is happening . 
On lunch until 1:15 then music until 5 . my arms are sore but it feels < PROPFEMALE > good . :-) 
Just played some show music with the ucmb :-) this is awesome :-D 
is surprised at how fast im memorizing this music , and how fast i can put it with drill . cant wait for tomorrow :) 
on the bus for michigan ! im too tired to be that excited though .. 
Watching paper get wet . Yay gen chem .. 
So speechless\ 
You left me so speechless , so speechless 
Out to dinner with some cool people :-) 
had a pretty awesome past couple of days <3 ;) 
1 of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of every 10 people is instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority , andso much else ... all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are going to suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better , and you respect them for who they ... are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% who will . 
is getting really frustrated trying to do this chem hw ... >:( can anyone from my class help me ? 
Just performed an exhibition show for USSBA Championships . That was pretty awesome :D & it was really nice getting my name yelled by all my maloney band friends 
had a crappy day today , but it all got better tonight :) going to bed happy now . 
About to go take the gateway exam for calc for the first time .. Idk what to expect . 
:) 
All registered for next semester ! :) minus my chem class , but that's no biggie 
Off to work in a bit . Looking forward to it .. Lets see if I'm thinking the same thing at 5 . :) 
HIIIIIIIII :) < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Wow . great night . This was wayyyy past due . Boy did i miss my best friends <3 
Is my love your drug ? ;p <3 
If this is all we got and we gotta start thinking If every second counts on a clock that's ticking Gotta live like we're dying =D 
That wasn't any easier for me than it was for you .. I'm sorry 
got approved for undergraduate research ! now to see if i can do it :) 
I love my best friends :) :) :) 
Back at uconn . Waiting to get on the busses for the airport 
On the plane to arizona !!! 
i think i can finally explain why i feel that way when i see stuff like that ... and it sucks . i wish it would go away ... 
