< PROPFEMALE > how do I put the photo in my profile ? 

oh , I quess I already did it , thanks 
whew ! busy weekend , even with rain , had a lot of fun . Now some housework and back to work 
my < PROPFIRST > , where r you ? 
great , I'm finely using my OMT table . Busy as usually . Doing a Wedding Saturday and Senior pictures sunday weather permitting . So nice to have the Sun . Welcome to facebook friend ! 
< PROPFEMALE > it was hot today . Could possible get a Vit D overdose with so much sun in one day ! My plants look happy , even the sunflowers that decided to grow after falling from the bird feeder . 
Heading to camp , I have the rest of the week off . Look like we will have some sun . Watch for the meteors in the sky this week . 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s camp for little family get together , may have to go in the water !! Way too hot !!! 
Thoughts and Prayers to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > with the loss of their son 
Off to work where I can enjoy air conditioning . 
went from work last night to visit my mom and Grandmother . My Grandmother is 97 yrs old a look great . My mom is doing better . Friday is here thank god ! 4 wheeling trip tomorrow and BBQ on the trail . Looks like fun . 
got to spend some time with my son , < PROPMALE > , he is back from RI then heading to orono later this week . Great to see you < PROPFEMALE > ! & Thanks < PROPMALE > :) < PROPFIRST > just started College too in Colorado , Way to go < PROPFIRST > ! 
Taking < PROPMALE > a back to college today , I miss him everytime he leaves . But he has a lot of clean clothes !! ;) 
Those who cannot forgive others break the bridge over which they themselves must pass . by confucius 
had a great time @ camp , thank you to friends who brought firewood for our firepit . < PROPFIRST > and I went to Pemaquid point yesterday . Great time ! 
this is not right to wake up tired on a saturday morning , busy day yesterday and busy all day to day . Took < PROPFEMALE > to vets in cornville , Pittsfield for delivery . North New Portland fair with friends next weekend . Doing Senior pictures tomorrow . Looking forward to work on Monday by gosh ;) 
Good Night ! Looking forward to my soft pillows and snuggling in for the Night . ZZZZZZZZZZ }) 
Going to Pedicure Party ;) . Hmmmmm Thats new for me 
Only Monday ! Great weather this week ... nice to come home and relax and get waited on every night . < PROPFEMALE > always happy to see me ( walk and treat time =) 
Off for the rest of the week . Will be seeing my brothers , sister and Mom . It been along time since we have been all together . I'm making Chili and Apple crisp . Hope my sister doesn't forget the Ice cream . Have a great weekend everyone ! 
I am so done !!!!!!!! Rough day looking forward to Monday . Stay busy ! It always gets better . :) 
Exciting night last night . Did Notary work on way home then came across a road block and later learned they were looking for a shooter from Canaan . And Hells Angels in the area to top it off or involved . Who knows ?! Glad I missed the shooter . Never a dull moment :) 
So far unevenful day , thats ok ! Cleaning house , hope to take < PROPFEMALE > for a walk in this nice weather . Sure would be beautiful at camp . I hope to take some good pictures of the foliage . Our neighbors move out next door . House for sale if anyone wants one . 
I have a friend looking for a kitten-will cost over $60.00 at pet shop . Does someone know anyone from < PROPMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > that have free ones . 
So excited about the day , I don't know why , but feels great about it . Its going to be a great day !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone from < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Have a great day with family and friends 
My sister got her first deer two weeks ago . 6 point < PROPMALE > , 181 lbs . She is a good sharer :P , Love ya sis 
Having more DVDs done of < PROPFIRST > HS SOCCER 2002-STATE CHAMPIONSHIP , ( first one in history for soccer ) which were previously on VHS . Mrs < PROPMALE > who orginally did them has made great updates with them . So any parents or players interested in getting one let me know . 
HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY TO MY YOUNGEST SON < PROPMALE > ! Where does the time go ? love ya ! 
Happy New Year to everyone , best wishes in the new year . 
White 
I had three days off , it was so nice . I'm recharged to face the world and whatever it brings my way . Have a great day everyone :) . < PROPFIRST > hope you had a great Birthday Day yesterday ! Happy 25th 
Saw my 97yr old Gram this past weekend . She looks so good and we held hands the whole time . She is so sweet and never complains about anything . 
The weekend is here , back to work at H&R Block tomorrow for the season . Going Electronic Medical Records on Monday @ my fulltime job . I still have a head ache from the training ! Have a great weekend everyone !! 
Looking forward to the weekend , Going to watch Superbowl ( thats the only time I watch football-its like a season finally ) . See if < PROPFEMALE > will take me for a walk . I'm beat after the first week of EMR ! I miss my boys !!! < PROPFIRST > is cooking for me again , he is so good to me . How is that for variety ? Have a great weekend all ! 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes , hugs :) 
Thank you everyone again for the Birthday wishes , I had a great day ! Looking forward to a long weekend and hope the weather is nice to go walking . Maybe work on my taxes , can't ignore them much longer I guess . Wish they would go together by themselves . 
Just a few more hours of work ...... I can do it ..... I can do it ( long weekend gives me hope ) :) 
MAINE CENTRAL INSTITUTE - alumni's-Class notes are due March 5 , include changes , Class of 1980 send to my yahoo email . Have a great day everyone ! 
Friday , Hurray !!!!!!!!!! 
Friday ........ Hurray ! Looks like a good weekend . Carls birthday this weekend .... cake and ice cream ..... yum ! 
Glad to not be looking a trucks today , got abit motion sickness , driving by so many vehicles and reading the Dealer prices . Happy Monday !! 
Even thou my kids are grown , I still love the FamilyFun magazine . Have a great weekend everyone . 
MCI Alumni- Class notes due March 5th , Also you should of received a card from Verification of Alumni Data . They are updating their directory . If you need the number let me know . 
MCI Alumni notes : Due tomorrow . I've learned some of my notes are not getting to my YAHOO account . Please try bsterlinglaflamme@emh.org . I got < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s Thank you . Letter on Reunion in August coming later . 
It's first child appreciation week . Make your first born your profile picture and post birth stats in comments : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 1/17/85 , 7 1/2lbs 21in long- love the memories of holding him and the baby smell . 
I have the weekend off and good weather at the same time :) , Hope everyone has a great weekend ! 
am loving this weather . Son going back to college this weekend . Enjoy < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE>'s company much !!! Planning ahead for Relay for Life on June 19th in Skowhegan . Have a great weekend . 
Is it Friday yet ? It feels like a fullmoon this week , but its not until the 30th . 
So glad it is Friday , Looking forward to the nice weather . Have a great weekend everyone . 
Here goes another week ! Never a dull moment in life . Makes life exciting either way . Have a great day every one 
I have a nice bicyle to ride now . Can't wait to go for a ride after the rain . ( I don't have a back render :) . Maybe this weekend !!!! 
Glad is it Friday , rough week ! Like a long walk off a short plank , than you hit ice . I like that better than ice cold water . Something positive :) 
Happy Easter everyone , went for walk , bike ride now visiting with family 
Happy Monday ! 
Love is .... commitment , < PROPFEMALE > , respect , honesty , caring , trust . Love is not ..... violence , put downs , cruelty , jealousy , selfishness , threats . Love your loved ones 
Today is going to be a beautiful day !!! I couldn't wait for my alarm to go off to get up . So turned off the alarm got up and enjoyed theride to work with a < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > morning . 
Done work for the day . Going home to spend so time with my wonderful husband and sit in the carport and watch the rain and relax ! Have a great weekend everyone ..... the bugs are not out yet that I have seen . 
One day at a time and make it a masterpiece ! 
I'm amazed by bag baum , that stuff work wonders . My < PROPFEMALE > is a happier dog :) 
My < PROPFEMALE > isn't feeling well , can't wait to get home and take care of her 
update : < PROPFEMALE > is feeling a little better still quite lame . Has Dr appointment this Saturday . 
< PROPFEMALE > is doing great and on some allergy meds . So nice to have her back to normal and playful . So thankful ! Happy Monday ..... 
I have tomorrow off , my Gram's 98th Birthday ! Taking her to Anglers for scollops , with family . I got her a bunch of balloons too . Hope the weather is nice . 
Looks like all my ice cream pit stops are open ! I love my rides home from work . Happy Monday . 
I love the mini leaves on the trees ! Love the textured look ! Life is beautiful everywhere . 
MCI 30th Class Reunion- we are looking to find a location closer to Pittsfield to hopefully to reduce travel distance for everyone and will keep you update on the event . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for your help . 
Happy Friday ! Yeah and sounds like good weather coming . Couldnt believe the hail yesterday . 
Where does the time go ?! I sometimes can't keep track of what day it is . So if I miss anyone birthday thats part of the reason . :) 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly into her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
I am not going outside today unless I have to go to my car to go home . Going to be Way .... too hot . Proberbly should have parked closer to exit . 
This week went fast since I had Monday off and glad it did ! Busy summer ahead ! 
Looking forward to seeing some of my cousins this weekend . 
Fathers Day : Roses grow in Heaven , Lord , pick a bunch for me --- Place them in my Dad's arms and tell him they're from me --- Tell him that I love and miss him and when he turns to smile -- place a kiss upon his cheek and hold him for a while -- Because remembering him is easy -- I do it everyday -- There's an ache ... within my h ... eart that will ..... never go away !!! Copy and paste if your dad is in heaven .. See More 
Broken heart ......... Thinking of you ! Better days are coming , < PROPFEMALE > in there ! 
Had my mom over for a few days so she could visit with her brother . It was nice to have her company again . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY WONDERFUL SISTER --- LIZZETTA . HOPE YOU HAVE A GREAT DAY . lOVE YOU MUCH SIS 
Starting a new chapter in life after today . Life is good ! Everyone have a great weekend ! If you get a < PROPMALE > put your feet in the sand and listen to the waves and feel the breeze . 
MCI- Class of 1980- Reunion at Ski Pennicle on Waverly Ave . Pittsfield . Saturday , August 7th . Time is 1:00 - 5:00 pm . Letter will be following soon . Looking forward to see everyone soon . 
30th Class reunion for MCI 28 days away . Looking forword to seeing everyone . Thank you to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for your help . 
Life is Good ! 
I finally have internet at home hurray . Hello everyone :) 
Check out the beautiful full < PROPFEMALE > 
Need to add another day to the week , too much to do and not enough time or start taking no doze . 
August already ! 
Having cucumber soup today . Yummy ... 
MCI Class reunion tomorrow , very excited for the get together ! Family reunion on Sunday on Carls side ! Have a great weekend everyone :) 
I loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love even more . You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child(ren ) you make a conscious ... decision to allow your heart to walk around ... outside your body . Put this on your status , if you have children you love more than life . 
Had a great time at the Class reunion , great to see everyone . Thank you to those who help made it successful !! 
K !!! Trying to download photos from reunion . Haven't figured out how to do it . Grrrrrrrr ! 
Ok , I struggled , challenged , cursed ( a little ) and finally persevered and overcome and POSTED photos . 
Thoughts and prayers go to my Aunt < PROPFIRST > and Family . My uncle < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > pasted away on Aug . 20 just minutes before got to their house . He pasted quickly and no longer suffering . 
The oddest thing happened at my fire pit @ camp . A frog actually jumped into the fire . I tried to get to him before he got to close and didn't make it in time . :( 
Has learned that people visiting your campfire might also be related to you . How awesome !! 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , there is no cure and it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a helping hand . 
Alright enough of the heat .... Will have to go all white warerobe and get the unbrella out to avoid the sun . I want fall .... 
Heading to Bar Harbor and doing a wedding tomorrow , hoping Hurricane < PROPMALE > goes out to sea . But hope I see some good high suft from all this weather , what great pics they would be . Looking forward to a nice long weekend . 
\Friendship : Enjoy the similarities . Respect the Differences . \"" 
Awesome couple of days . Weather cleared in time for the Wedding .. yeah !!! Bar Harbor has a beautiful mini golf course with waterfalls and boat , wish I had time to take pictures . The Inn I stayed at was awesome , I had my own deck on the 3rd floor and a bed you need a ladder to climb into , but so comfortable and fell asleep to ocean breeze and rain , AND someone sneezing for over an hour . 
Thinks it's better to be hated for being yourself , than loved for pretending to be someone else . ( thank you < PROPFEMALE > for the quote , its a great one ) 
SEPTEMBER IS CANCER MONTH : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . 
Thankful for my wonderful life and those who are in it . 
Full < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! I love them ... don't need the street light to walk :) 
Happiness is not a destination It is a method of life . - < PROPMALE > Hills 
To my sons ... It seems like just a little while ago you raised your < PROPFEMALE > head and smiled at me for the first time and I smiled back with tears . I loved you so much then . Though you are older now , living your dreams , pursing your own goals . I still look at you beautiful smile to know that things are all right with you and I am so proud of you and I love you even more now . ~ anonymous 
It's mommies week !! Post this with the date you became a mom for the FIRST time ... 1/17/85 and he was late :) 
We make a living by what we get , we make a life by what we give 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as thier status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , atleast for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
Is married to the most wonderful man 
Vicks , advil , < PROPFEMALE > ale , cough drops , chapstick , soft pillow and comforter . Looks like a repeat tomorrow ... 
yea , sure , will , working on it , in a minute , after this , no problem , on it ...... what was it you wanted ? 
Used a circular saw today without supervision ...... There was not a drop of blood when the project was completed . Still successful ( not real straight , but good enough ) 
Watching CUJO- haven't seen it in a long time . 
Went through a bunch of 45 records yesterday . Really neat to think back , what difference from the CD's . The old pics on the sleeves . I might have to try them out on the old record player . Goes good with rainy days :) \ 
\ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_ZRxdm985YYUS 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHTOERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
Take a walk through frosty grass leaving footprints ~ Dove chocolate quote 
Whisper in the dark 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! Hope you have a wonderful day with family and friends . 
Thank you < PROPMALE > for sharing this information . \ 
When\ 
you are filling out your Christmas cards this year , maybe you'll \ 
consider sending one to our American heroes recovering from war wounds \ 
at < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Army Hospital . Here's the address : Holiday Mail for \ 
Heroes ... PO Box 5456 , Capitol Heights , MD 20791-5456 . 
I have a list of folds I know , all written in a book , And every year when Christmas comes , I go and take a look . That is when I relize there names are all a part , Not of the book they're written in , but of my very heart . ~ 
For each name stands for someone who has crossed my path sometime , And in that meeting they've become the rhythm in each rhyme . While it may sound fantastic for me to make this claim , I really feel that I'm composed of each remembered name . ~ 
And while you may not be aware of any special link , Just meeting you has changed my life much more that you may think . For once I've met somebody , the years cannot erase . The memory of a pleasent word or of a friendly face . ~ 
So , never think my Christmas cards are just a merer routine Of names upon a Christmas list , forgotten in between . For when I send a christmas card that is addressed to you , It's because you're on the list of folks I'm endeared to . ~ 
For I am but a total fo the many folks I've met , And you happen to be one of those I prefer not to forget . Whether I have known you for many years or few , In some way you have had a part in shaping things I do . ~ 
And every year when Chrismas comes I realize anew , The best gift life can offer is meeting folds like you . So may the spirit of Chrismas that forevermore endures . Leaving its riches blessings in the hearts of you and yours . Have a < PROPFEMALE > Chistmas !! ;) * 
Didn't do what I planned , but did what I didnt plan . Love it when plans change in the fun direction . 
my computer is out of order 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone , hope you had a great day !! 
Just checking in , computer not fixed yea . Hope everyone is having a great day and Happy Birthday to my < PROPFIRST > 
Don't play with big ice sickles over your head , it can cause a head injury . They dont taste as good as they did in my childhood . I am ok thou :) 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful Mom ! Love you much 
Holy roof shoveling ! Wishing my boys were around :) . Good workout for sure . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes , your wonderful people . I'm having a great day ! Just tell mother nature no more snow for now would be a great gift :) 
Thank you for the Birthday wishes ! The Dairy < PROPFEMALE > opens today , hurray ! 
Class of 1980 : Reminder , Class notes due this month 
So looking forward to Spring weather !!!! 
