Finished watching Blindside . It lived up to the hype ! 

Just got back from TN . Found out that my step-sister painted on my walls with red nail polish . Trying to resist the urge to push her down the stairs ( or start crying ) . 
Got hit in the face with a basketball in gym today . Highlight of my day ..... 
I finnished a drawing that's done completly in sharpie and took me 3 weeks in < PROPMALE > class . And it will be on display at Mayfest !! 
It can be very scary having the cops walk in your room with guns ready ..... but I'm fine and they let me leave . 
Why dwell over warm lemonade ? 
Everybody wants to go back to nature - but not on foot . 
We now have 13 people living in my 3 bedroom house . 8 of which are little boys . Someone save me !!! 
I'm going the the Circle City IN Pride Parade on Saturday !! 
For all of you who know I can draw , got any requests ? 
The pride parade/festival was so much fun !! I wish I could have gone to some of the gay bars that night . 
Headed to Tennessee tomorrow . I'm going to a weekend festival/camping thing and will spend the next 4 days in nothing but my bathing suit and a sarong . :) 
Just finnished the movie , Hachi - A dog's tale , it actually made me cry . And I don't mean a couple of tears , I bawled my eyes out . It was a GREAT movie . Highly recommended . 
My sister has made a french cream pie , chocolate chip cookies , AND lemon squares in the past 24 hours . I think she has a secret plot to make me gain weight this summer .... 
There is a slight < PROPMALE > I will be coming back to Indiana on Tuesday and then going right back to Tennessee on Thursday . 
Indiana here I come !! 
I finally got a World of Warcraft acount that I can use anytime I want . I know what I'm doing for the next couple weeks ! ;) 
I found out that if you leave a plate of cookies out , I can't walk by them without picking one up ... 
It's very strange to have a peacock flirt with you .... 
Yay ! New photos ! 
I'm going through World of Warcraft withdrawals . :( 
I put a ton of new < PROPMALE > on my Deviant < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm back in Indiana . 
I am holding the most perfect 6 month old baby ever , all he does is smile and coo . 
I really hate that when I got home I only wanted to leave . 
My hair smells like lemon gumdrops ! XD 
I can already tell that Spanish 4 is going to kick my ass this year .... 
It's only day 5 and I'm already staying up till 11:30 writing papers ... sigh .... 
I love being giggly for no apparent reason . 
Biting the heads off gummy bears gives me a sick kind of satisfaction ... 
It's time for some coffee or a nap , whichever I get to first . 
I love that even though I'm a < PROPMALE > in high school , I can still get together with my friends and play at the park . :) 
Ever had a bad day , thought it was getting better and then it turns right around and sucker punches you in the gut ? Yeah , me neither . 
I've done my good deed for the day ; I saw a baby bird on the road and I corralled it onto the grass , all the while avoiding its pissed off parents . :) 
I hade ONE HELL of a weekend , fun stuff and bad , scary stuff combined . 
My friends at the library always put me in such a good mood . :) I love you guys ! 
Beatles , you have once again brought me out of my Sunday funk . Here's to hearing you next week . :) 
Baby giggles are so good they ought to be fattening . 
Mmmmmm , pie day ..... 
Anyone else completely stoked about the spin-off mini-series called Avatar : Legend of Korra ? 
I love deadlines . I especially love the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by . 
Let's do the time warp again ! 
Best Pie Day ever ! :D 
It's amazing getting a birthday present two months early . Coach bag . Thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
I look like I'm from the 1800's right now .... 
Last night I got 30 kisses on the cheek , wore a spiked dog collar with a chain leash , wore a skin tight dress with elbow length gloves , and went to my first rave ! 
I do believe that , so long as I don't get a detention for it , I shall wear my spiked dog collar to school tomorrow . 
Sooo , my ride to the renaissance fair bailed on me , can I bum a ride from someone ? 
I detest cold , rainy days that feel like Sunday . I really really do . 
I was sold into bondage at my first renaissance faire . It was a good day . 
I bet my cat would make an excellent pair of mittens ... 
Working on the stack of commissions I've been putting off , drinking coffee , and listening to the Beatles . Ahhhh , life is good . 
Know what ? I like it on the floor . :) 
I get to see my sister for the first time in three months tonight ! 
OK , I can't make it to Pie Day today , but I WILL be at the library ! 
Having a sleep over with < PROPFIRST > ! We are getting up at 5:30 am to pick up Lizz and < PROPFEMALE > so we can skip school and go to Herron's open house . 
I would say what happened today with < PROPFIRST > , Lizz , and < PROPFEMALE > , but nothing that I can post here would convey the epicness of this day . 
First blind date was a lot of fun , going out again next week ! 
is hoping that this cold will go away soon ... and feels like absolute crap . 
I wore purple yesterday . 
sighhhhhh ..... this day did not go as planned . 
Ahhh ! The baby is asleep on my bed and if I move him he will wake up ! What do I do ? 
I'm going to be without facebook until Friday . 
I just bet it's going to be absolutely freezing for Halloween . Crap , my costume shows way too much skin for 40 degree weather ! 
I love Halloween ! I got SO many strange looks ! My feet have blisters , but it was all worth it . 
Life needs a pause button . 
I'm such a morning person it kind of makes me sick . 
I feel like I started something with the 58 random facts thing . And do you guys know it was only supposed to be 55 facts ? I went to 58 just ' cuse I could . 
Staying over at < PROPFIRST>'s! :D 
hmmm , do I seem more like a stalker or a stalkee ? 
Press \like\ " if I have ever made you smile ! Make this your status and see how many people you make smile (: " 
Poetry , fiction , and coffee are a wonderful combination . 
\My love life is like the Loch Ness Monster - rumours of its existence are greatly exaggerated . \"" 
My face hurts from smiling so much . :3 
Holy crap , what a fantastic 32 hours this has been . :D and < PROPMALE > POTTER ! 
Took a nap right after school and woke up the next moring . That's 20 hours of sleep :) 
Is anyone else going to Pippin tonight ? 
NEW KITTEN !!! His name is Casper , he is 7 weeks old , and looks like he's part siamese . And he's just SO < PROPFEMALE > AND CUUUUTTEEE ! :3 
I would like to thank Lizz , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > for making me actually look forward to Mondays . ;) 
I am now the proud owner of a cell phone and it'll be my 18th birthday in 3 hours . :D \ 
YESSSSSSS !!!! 
Well , I spent the last 11 hours on < PROPFIRST>'s couch . Anyone want to guess what we were doing ? ;) xD 
This is a mass THAK YOU for all the people who wished me a happy birthday . :D You guys all rock ! ( especially if you get me a gift ..... :P ) 
Sunday is my least favorite day of the\ 
week . 
I HAVE A RAINBOW UMBRELLA !!!! AHHHHHH !!! xD 
Did anyone else see the snowflakes ? 
Sometimes I open my mouth and a whole lota stupid falls out ... :/ 
There is something about being given a razor blade and a dead thing that brings out my inner psychopath . :) 
I'm going to register to vote tomorrow . :D 
I'm an organ doner . :) 
Should be a fun filled day with miss Lizzy < PROPFIRST > . :3 
Sometimes the only thing to do is rant to a close friend , have a nice long cry , and hope that things will be better in the morning . Fuck what a day .... x.x 
Obla Di Obla Da :D 
Insert cliche melodramatic teen angst here . 
A person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom please post . 
I'm just tickled pink , peachy keen , hunky dory , and any other adage for happy , since I have texting now !! Yay !! :D 
There are two types of readers ; those who read to remember , and those who read to forget . 
Don't you hate having a dream about someone that completely pisses you off ? Nothing actually happened and I still feel hurt ! It's ridiculous ! 
Unexpected days off are a mixed blessing . One one hand NO SCHOOL !! On the other , unrelenting boredom . 
Sighhhhhh ..... I'm not going to Tennessee for break . ; _ : 
My little sister < PROPFEMALE > is coming up from Tennessee tomorrow . This will be the first time I've seen her in almost 3 months . :) 
All I want is for you to be happy . 
On occasion , I'm a huge PAIN IN THE ASS . Because slapping you with a salmon is not always feasible . 
My Christmas crafting is coming along beautifully ! 9 of 18 pictures drawn and just a few presents to buy . :) 
I didn't even leave the house today and yet I'm completely and utterly exhausted emotionally . 
I < PROPFIRST > something dirty without even realizing it . No ! I'm loosing my touch ! D: 
Best gift this year ? I don't know , it's a toss up between the deoderant stick and the check for $500 ........ 
I like mistletoe , its cute , its parasitic , and its poisonous . 
Friends , stories , coffees , and movies . What more can you ask out of a day ? 
Anyone else upset with the new scheduals ? 
Yay for finaly getting over the cold I've had since new years < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
My brother just said that I have reached a point in my life where he has lost all respect for me . I took it as a compliment . 
I'm not a ' glass is half full ' person , I'm a ' the glass is completely full , you just don't know it ' person . 
It's just a jump to the left . \ 
And then a step to the right . \ 
With your hand on your hips . \ 
You bring your knees in tight . \ 
But it's the pelvic thrust . \ 
They really drive you insane . 
Ahhh being a teenager . The definiton of being young and stupid . 
I'm exastusted from being happy all day . xD 
Coooooo cooooo cooo coooo <3 
Sticks and stones may break my bones\ 
But chains and whips excite me . \ 
So throw me down and tie me up\ 
And show me that you like me . 
I have come to the conclusion that < PROPFEMALE > Carrell has the best parties . :D 
I'm one lucky duck . :) 
\Look at these hips ! I am going to birth heathy babies ! \"" 
To no one's surprise , I am a beast at pictionary . 
I have an amazing dress and date for prom . :D 
I'm such a dork . An amazingly happy one . Who feels really lucky . :3 
Sucker Punch was FANTASIC . Think Burlesque mixed with Inception and a little bit of Tron , Lord of the Rings and The Changeling thrown in there for good measure . 
My solitude has turned to loneliness . :( And I know who to blame . 
I HAVE THE BEST LITTLE SISTER EVER ! ( that does not mean you < PROPMALE > ) 
Shark sex . It looked quite painful . Yes indeed . xD 
