ya ever just feel LOST for WORDS ! 

I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All i have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which i'll never part . God has you in his arms .. I have you in my heart ? - Repost if you have someone in Heaven . 
I'm posting this in memory of a 19 year old < PROPFEMALE > buried today , and countless others who have given this country their lives !! If you support our troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in everyones status . Please do this ... In memory of all fallen soldiers !! 
hummm 
HAVING TO WORK ON THE WEEK END SUCKS !!!!! 
MAN I hate having to work on the weekend ! I need a NEW JOB ... or better yet to hit the lottery ... 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke as a joke , your house is a mess , you are drunk as a skunk , or your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one ...... true friend !!!!!!!! 
YEAH I just got my first HUMMING BIRD for the season this afternoon ... 
its sucks when your weekend is a Tuesday and a Thursday ... 
I miss my lil tinkpot when she is with her daddy ! :-( 
yes its Thursday I get to see my lil tinkie 
Well its Friday most folks say yes its finally here ! Not me My weekend is a Monday and a ... Friday -------- Next friday LOL its all good at least I have a job ! Yes I count my BLESSINGS 
I just tried HUMMAS for the first time hey its GOOD ! I like the garlic one ... 
thinks that some people come into our lifes for a reason ... We may not know why but in due time it all comes to light 
nothing like a heart to heart with your daughter ... 
HAPPY 19TH BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > . I LOVE YOU ! 
Damn 0700 to 1830 is a long day . FoodLion tryn to kill me I think ! 
I survived a 30 hour party and a trip to the beach all after working 10 hours . But I sure am feeling it !!!! But your daughters 19th Birthday only comes one time ... 
Ok back to reality back to work ! I think I can I think I can .... Go do this ! 
GOD BLESS OUT TROOPS AND THEIR FAMILIES ! \ 
THANK YOU FOR KEEPING US SAFE AND FREE ! 
There's a certain pleasure in feeling well-grounded , and this moment would make a firm foundation for whatever you choose to build upon it . If your plans are already made , it's time for the cornerstone to be laid . Go with what you've got , as there's a no-frills feeling that's saying keep it simple , take it slow . 
Always trust your instincts ... 90% of the time you are right in what you feel inside ! 
Ready to go back to Germany its to damn hot here .... 
... 
Nothing like an \unplanned\ " trip to the beach just to feel the ocean breeze and walk in the sand " 
HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL THE FATHERS OUT THERE ! Any man can make a baby . But it takes a REAL man to do right by his child ... 
IS IT FRIDAY YET ? 
Its about time MY friday got here ! Im ready to party all weekend long ... Happy Birthday to my G-Friend < PROPFEMALE > ! 
GERMANY KICKING ASS 4-1 
there\ 
comes a time in life when you have to walk away from all the pointless \ 
drama and the people who create it and surround yourself with people who\ 
make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . \ 
Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you agree .. 
Let every one of your friends know you love them . Even if you think they don't love you back , you would be amazed at what those three little words and a smile can do . And just in case I'm gone tomorrow . \ 
I LOVE YA !!! \ 
Live today because tomorrow is not promised 
i owe i owe off to work i go .... 
ya have to love customer service ... This lady accused ME of be prejudice ! What makes people do that ? Any Idea ?????? Please explain to me why folks do that ... 
Enough is Enough its pretty bad when your WHOLE body hurts ! from cleaning something that is not even YOURS ! I NEED A NEW JOB ... NOW ! 
OMG I though I was hurting from scrubbing the floor ... move a whole house of stuff in two days and FIND places to put it hurts your head ! lol Gotta do what cha gotta do ! 
Im almost done making 2 houses ( 1)HOME Thank GOD for giving me the strength 
Damn I hate the first of the month ! Why cause if you have my job you have to work more than ever , just to keep up at the same lil bit of pay . Sad truly SAD ! Can someone teach me how to not work so hard ? 
Ok they must have made a mistake with the schedule at work ! IM OFF TOMORROW ! OMG ITS GOING TO SNOW ... 
DONT ANSWER THE PHONE < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OK OK back to work ..... ONLY IF I HAVE TOO ! FEELING A lil SICK \cough cough\ " Sneeze " 
Can someone tell me WHY people have to be so deep in YOUR business ! I guess you learn who you can tell things and who you CANT . Pretty damn sad ... WHAT IS THE PURPOSE ? 
< PROPFEMALE > likes If you're talking behind my back , you're in a good position to kiss my ass ! on ?. 
Ok I thought I was doing a good thing buying an older house ! Well after putting in a WHOLE NEW septic tank and DRAIN Field that takes up the whole back yard and now the damn well is screwed up no water for 2 days now ... I KNOW I made a mistake now buying an older house ! This is just out of control .... would like to set it on fire and run away to GERMANY and NEVER to be SEEN in the US again !!!!! 
vacation ! Half G of Crown ... 
two steps forward and 3 back just cant get ahead ! 
new job today ! Cant wait to learn all about CAPITAL ONE ! yyesssss 
Ok I gotta get used to this new schedule ! still up at 12:30 AM ... 
Nothing like homemade real < PROPMALE > FOOD ! Thank < PROPFEMALE > ... We love you 
My mom made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and drove me crazy at times ... Moms are a promise from God that you will have a Friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your mom , whether she's here with you , or in Heaven . LOVE YOU MOM ! 
Im in shock ! I cant believe this ... count your blessings and tell everyone how much you love them cause your next minute is not promised to you ... my prayers go out to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > may God be with you to comfort and guide you threw these tuff times . 
Ok wanted to know how to make my package of < PROPMALE > Bread can not read it and too much to type in Bablefish to translate ! MARIAN , SANDY < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > help its Bauernkruste mit sauerteig & Hefe 
OK and we are off to making homemade < PROPMALE > bread ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Ok My < PROPMALE > bread was good and it will get better with more practice ! Dinner was great ! If I could only learn to make a Laugein Kressant \Spelling \"" 
A politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed soldier- once in 1 year . A politician flies 1st class ; a soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced ; a soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys an expense account ; a soldier must justify extra rations . A politician vows to defend their country ; a soldier , actually ... keeps that promise . REPOST IF YOU SUPPORT OUR MEN AND WOMEN IN UNIFORM 
Keep your head up and look to the stars ! Only look back to realize the mistakes you might have made ... 
Can I make it ? Will I make it ? Doubting myself ! Is this want I really want ? 
There are moments in life where you wish you could bring someone down from \ 
heaven and spend the day with them just one more time . I know I have \ 
someone I would love to do that with .... If you have someone , copy and \ 
paste this to your status to remember all who are not here 
Ok last day of training ! new desk new people new hours and I sure hope I got it all ... Pray with me that I can really do this job , GOD please give me the knowledge to do this job ! 
Thank you for all the support ! Ash thank you for my beautiful flowers and desk/newhome away from home . I love you with all my heart ! 
OK if everyday could be like yesturday I would be so happy . Work went very Well ! Prayers do work ! Thank you GOD for showing me the way ! 
God has Blessed me in so many way ! Thank you Lord ... 
THANK YOU LORD ~ THANK YOU ~ THANK YOU LORD ~ THANK YOU ~ THANK YOU LORD ~ 
Special needs kids are not sick or gross , they only want what we all want : to be accepted and loved . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour ? Its Special Education Week , and this is in honor of all children made in a ............... unique ...... way : We all need love !!!!! 
I LOVE MY CHILDREN !!!!!!! 
Watching Animal Planet can anyone tell me WHY people treat animals like this ? OMG the owners need to be starved to death or made to fight until one is deads , just like they treated their animals ! Stupid ass people in the world ... 
My Husband has made me laugh . He has wiped my tears . He has hugged me \ 
tight . He has watched me succeed . He has seen me fail . He has cheered me\ 
on . He has kept me going strong . My Husband is a promise from God that I will have a Friend Forever . Put this as your status if you love your husband . 
Just want to THANK GOD for the wonderful house full of people that came from afar and near . Thank you GOD for giving me the abilities to prepare the food for 14 people with many left overs ! THANK YOU LORD for Blessing me and my family in so many ways ! 
blessed ! 
Ok out of all my FB friends and family what is the best CELL phone/HANDY on the MARKET today and \WHY\ " what do you like or dislike about this phone ... THANKS oh yeah I have VERIZON as my carrier if that makes a different " 
You know what I was just looking at my friends list I am so blessed to have so many different cultures and life styles in my friends that makes me very proud to be excepted as \ME\ " Thank you " 
ok ok ok I gotta go to sleep I gotta go to work in the morning ..... ok ok one more drink just a night cap ......... Wonderful night ..... 
blessed blessed blessed in so so so many ways ..... shall i count the ways 
To all my facebook friends -- Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec . 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx . 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this hero and his family 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY VERY SMART HANDSOME YOUNG MAN ! \ 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY ! 
OMG a DROID phone toooo much for me !!!! where is the ON and OFF button ... 
Hey im getting used to it ! Hey I found facebook ! Lol the simplist things that can make me smile sometimes ... 
Sitting here in the waiting room ... praying out loud that mom does ok with this surgery ! 35 minutes and counting til I can see her ... 
Mom is home and resting . Thank you for all the prayers . Thank you lord for blessing us with another day . 
played a game of Chess with my son and won played a game of chess with my husband and lost . They played and my son won ..... Moral of the story everyone WINS ! 
Can anyone tell me why there are people out there that would steal from someone instead of working to earn an honest living in life ... How do these people sleep at night ? Do they really think they will get into heaven living their life this way ? God bless us all here on earth and give us the proper knowledge to do the right thing ! 
Just want to remind all my friends and family as well ... to tell the ones you love , that you love them now while you have a < PROPMALE > . Dont wait ! No one can promise you your next breath . RIP my Friend and Neighbor ! you will me missed by many . My thoughts a prayers go out to your family . 
RIP < PROPMALE > I will truly miss you ... 
Ok < PROPMALE > was late this evening but he stomped his feet 2 times like usual then knocked on the back door of the sunroom to come in and say hello ... Yes he maybe gone from here but I know his spirit is still here with us 
OK < PROPFEMALE > go to sleep ... Your getting tired ... your gettting sleeeeepy ....... yeah right its only 1245 AM grrrr why cant I go to sleep like a normal person ? 
Ok to all my < PROPMALE > friends ... I just tried COUSCOUS /Grieﬂ/(semolina ) for the first time . I see there are many different ways to eat this or use in a recipe . Whats your Favorite ??? 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! I feel blessed to have so many wonderful friends . 
I WANT TO THANK EACH AND EVERYONE HERE AND AROUND THE WORLD FOR ALL THE HAPPY BIRTHDAY WISHES . MAY GOD CONTINUE TO BLESS US ALL AND WATCH OVER US . 
oh my here we go with a new schedule 0900 to 2000 is a l o n g day ! But I can do this ... 
ok ok ok 1 more 10 hour shift ahead of me I can do this , I Will do this with Gods help of course ! Thank you Lord for letting me see one more day . 
Nothing like looking up old class mates , old friends etc ... 
ok gotta do these 4 ( 10's ) Loven the 3 days off but i just aint feeling these long ass days ahead . What does it take to get used to a 10 hour day ???? Anyone know ! 
having sick babies is one of the worse feelings a parent/grandparent can have . 
lesser of two evils can I come to work tomorrow ??? 
THIS BUG IS BADDDDD NOW DADDYS GOT IT .... \THE IRON MAN THAT IS NEVER SICK \"" 
ok I can do this 10 hour shift with a lil help from upstairs ! lord thank you for waking me up this morning and please see me through this weak feeling very long day . And please bless my family and friends . 
OH my goodness ... Im still so sick .... no mom is sick too please just make it go away ! 
My mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , saw me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and drove me a little crazy at times . But moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you have a wonderful mom whom you love ; either here with you or in Heaven ! ? 
So very glad my grandbaby is doing much better . Thanks for all the prays and get well wishes . Its a bad feeling when the lil ones get sick and you cant fix it ! 
instincts are almost always rights .... so trust them 
