Thanks for birthday wishes everyone \\m/ 20 years wooo 

All that has been , all that's to be No tomorrow , the demise of sanity ... 
What did I see ? Could I believe ? That what I saw that night was real and not just fantasy ...... 
I can't remember , I don't understand , Is it malice that makes you this way ...... 
Since you never gave a damn in the first place , Maybe it's time you had the tables turned ' Cause in the interest of all involved I got the problem solved And the verdict is guilty ... 
In this world were livin in we have our share of sorrow Answer now is dont give in aim for a new tomorrow .... 
Sleep my friend and you will see that dream is my reality , they keep me locked up in this cage cant they see its why my brain says rage ..... 
I hold my breath and close my eyes and , dream about her , cause she's 2000 light years away .... 
She is everything and more , the solemn hypnotic ....... 
Life is but a dream , drifting on a stream ..... 
hookah this weekend .... Kairo Kafe ? 
still wants hooka ..... 
There is no flag that is large enough , to hide the shame of a man in cuffs .... you switched your signs then you closed the blinds , you changed the channels and you changed our minds ...... 
Paranormal Activity tomorrow ... looks liek good shit 
What If I never saw you again , i'd die right next to you in the end ..... 
Just what I saw , in my old dreams , were they reflections of my warped mind staring back at me ? ' Cause in my dreams it's always there the evil face that twists my mind and brings me to despair .... 
almost halloween :D 
Call me the American nightmare , call me the American dream , call me your soul corrupted , call me everything you need .... 
Let's spend the night together , now i need you more than ever ..... 
I met a gin soaked , bar-room < PROPFEMALE > in Memphis , she tried to take me upstairs for a ride . She had to heave me right across her shoulder , ' cause I just can't seem to drink you off my mind ...... 
I have a problem that I cannot explain , I have no reason why it should have been so plain , Have no questions but I sure have excuse , I lack the reason why I should be so confused .... 
I've felt the hate rise up in me , kneel down and clear the stone of leaves , I wander out where you can't see , inside my shell , I wait and bleed ..... 
When god gives you lemons , you find a new god :P 
essays and annoying philosophy professors ...... 
Hey Mr. < PROPFIRST > , is that the trick of your disguise . Hey Mr. < PROPFIRST > , is that the cause of your demise . Hey where you at , on the side of the freeway in the car . Hey where you at , on the side of the freeway in the car ...... 
It's been awhile and a million < PROPMALE > since I've seen the sun shine on your face , a long time coming but now I'm runnin ' back home . Southern pines and neon signs and every backroad between the two . Out of sight dont mean out of mind to me ........ 
I know I can't slow down , I can't hold back , though you know I wish i could . Oh no , there ain't no rest for the wicked , until we close our eyes for good .... 
We have made the present , obsolete ! What do you want ? What do you need ?! We'll find a way , when all hope is gone ....... 
What's the cost to pay the < PROPFEMALE > ? Every note don't come for free . Too busy dancing with the devil , now it's time to pay the fee ..... 
I , don't know , how I feel when im around you ..... 
Avatar-mad epicz . floating mountains remind me of Crono Trigger :O 
Feels like I'm walking on a tightrope , can't step on either side . I'm a hollow man but you still know who I am ..... 
Ol ' Saint < PROPMALE>'s got burban breath It's so cold you could catch your death A cop sold me some < PROPFEMALE > meth It's a < PROPFEMALE > Fucking Christmas :O ........ 
How's a nigga gonna borrow a french fry ? Is you gonna give it back ? 
Fapplebees , geocache , beaujolais in a tree ... awesome bday so far :D 
If you still care don't ever let me know ...... 
Why does any of it matter ? I can't take it anymore . You've gotta try ... the inhale that makes the exhale so much better .... 
I wants my 360 back :( fukin red ring .... 
As I close my eyes , I feel it all slipping away ..... 
theres no such thing as rape , only surprise buttsecks :O 
fuck you < PROPFIRST > lol ..... 
wishes there really is a Whiskey Hotel :( 
Oh there aint no rest for the wicked , money dont grow on trees . I got bills to pay , I got mouths to feed , there aint nothin in this world for free .... 
There are Known knowns and there are Known unknowns ! but there also unknown unknowns , thing we don't know that we don't know :O -Rummy 
How was I supposed to know she was a crazy kung-fu wolf bitch ?! -Grandad 
Remember , your a wreck an accident . Forget the freak your just nature . Keep the gun oiled and the < PROPFEMALE > clean . Shit , snort and blaspheme . Let the heads cool and the engine run , because in the end everything we do , is just everything we've done .... 
Sonic today :D shweet 
I don't know whats wrong , its like im too far gone , doesn't matter anyway . Fear is in my heart , just when I stop it starts , and i can never live this way .... 
The world I love , the tears I drop , to be part of the wave can't stop . Ever wonder if it's all for you ..... 
Where am I supposed to hide now ? What am I supposed to do ? You still don't think I'm gonna see this through ...... 
This is the time , this is the place . So we look for the future , but there's not much love to go around . Tell me why this is a land of confusion ..... 
This is the world we live in , and these are the hands we're given ..... 
Too cold outside to rape ..... 
Take a picture trick , im on a boat bitch ..... 
Tell me I should stick around for you , tell me I can have it all . I'm still too tired to care and I got to go ...... 
Just call my name , ' cause i'll hear you scream ..... 
What kinda fuckery is this ?! 
Oh this is one fine day to be nude , yea this is one fine day to be nude !........ :D 
Bitch dependency is a serious problem . it can fuck with ur frieeendsss ..... 
The fuck . Yall . Lookin ' at ? 
DICKS <3 
I was walking down the street when out the corner of my eye , I saw a pretty little thing approaching me . She said I never seen a man who looked so alone , could you use a little company ?.......... 
>_< 
Forget our memories , forget our possibilities ...... 
Well I got one < PROPMALE > left in a nine live cat , i got a dog eat dog sly smile . I got a Molotov cocktail with a match to go , I smoke my cigarette with style ....... 
Freedom's just a word today , freedom's just a word . When someone takes your word away , it's seldom ever heard .... 
Tell me baby , what's your story , where you come from and where you wanna go this time ? Tell me lover , are you lonely ? The thing we need is never all that hard to find .... 
I wish I had a reason , my flaws are open season . For this I gave up trying , one good turn deserves my dying ..... 
Feelin a lil smexy right now .... 
Break's over ..... gay 
First smexy day < PROPFEMALE > while .... and Im fuggin stuck inside all day 
I live my life like there's no tomorrow . And all i've got , I had to steal . Least i dont need to beg or borrow , yes im livin at a pace that kills .... 
-_- 
Mother nature makes me want to punch a baby -_- 
I'm no < PROPFEMALE > , but sometimes I drink Hennessey and I make booty calls ! :O 
You don't need to bother ; I don't need to be , I'll keep slipping farther . But once I hold on , I won't let go ' til it bleeds ...... 
Nice guys finish last , you're runnin out of gas . Your sympathy will get you left behind ..... 
I'm gonna find me a white man right now and lie to him ! :O 
Spread the ash and fill the grave , lost the tongue and make my way . Do what you do and go away , now its all over ..... 
Hot as BAWLS today :O 
Give me a minute and I'll change your mind , give me a bullet and I'll change your life ........ 
They say that lifes a carousel . Spinning fast , youve got to ride it well . The world is full of kings and queens who blind your eyes and steal your dreams , its heaven and hell ...... 
wants a bearded dragon nao :D 
Blacken the sun ! What have I done ? I feel so good I feel so numb yea !....... 
Had a pretty good week :D Couple parties , grease trucks , an jump-startin ' a car 
I remember long ago , when the sun was shining . And all the stars were bright , all through the night . In the wake of this madness , as I held you tight , so long ago ......... 
pretty awesome night/morning , some crazy ppl live on my street :O 
All my devotion betrayed , i am no longer afraid . I was too blinded to see , how much you've stolen from me ...... 
When I'm tired and thinking cold , I hide in my music , forget the day . And dream of a girl I used to know . I closed my eyes , and she slipped away ..... 
Thunderstorm woooo :D 
Out of sight don't mean out of mind to me ....... 
Last week of semester ..... hell yea ! 
Well I'm takin ' my time , I'm just movin ' along . \ 
You'll forget about me after I've been gone ........ 
Empire Shall Fall in Brooklyn ...... awesome show :D 
awesome party last night :D 
Where I go I just don't know , I got to got to gotta take it slow . \ 
When I find my piece of mind , I'm gonna give you some of my good time ...... 
Fly away on my Zephyr , I feel it more than ever . And in this perfect weather , we'll find a place together .... 
They say that lifes a carousel . Spinning fast , you've got to ride it \ 
well . The world is full of kings and queens , who blind your eyes and\ 
steal your dreams . Its heaven and hell ...... RIP Dio :( 
summer class < PROPFEMALE > half hour ... better get movin >_> 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Gray :( 
There ain't no way to hide your lyin eyes ......... 
pool time :D 
Encino Man : One of < PROPMALE > Fraser's best movies .... an hes playin a caveman -_- 
fear not at all , my focus shall not fail . I shall not fall , and nor shall I despair .... 
it seems my house is popular these days :O 
Paintball at skirmish tomorrow :D 
I've got nothing to hide , I'm not guilty inside . I won't give up , after all I'm still crazy ..... 
When life hands you a < PROPFIRST > , just rub the furry walls 
GWAAARRRRRR 
Back from Gwar . exhausted . nite all 
Must I remind you im only here to twist you .... 
Swimmin and makin fried oreos at my house .... aww yea :D 
Sore , exhausted , awesome weekend tho :D 
Bite my lip an close my eyes , take me away to paradise ..... 
Everybody loves a joke but no one likes a fool , and you're always cracking the same old lines again ..... 
Had one hell of a weekend ... cool we could all chill like that ....... 
Inception-AMAZING movie . nite all 
So drivin to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow with < PROPMALE > Ericson to meet up with < PROPFIRST > \ 
Panebianco an see Iron Maiden an Dream Theatre ..... gonna be fun :D 
Kinda feelin like a fool lately 
MAYHEM TODAY !!! :D 
killer day at Mayhem , UPROAR later in august :D G'night now 
Since you never gave a damn in the first place , maybe it's time you had the tables turned . ' Cause in the interest of all involved I got the problem solved\ 
\ 
And the verdict is guilty ... 
The Expendables ..... an over the top man-gasm >_> 
Officially workin at Uproot now :O training next week 
I miss you more then < PROPFIRST > Bay missed the < PROPFIRST > , when he made < PROPFEMALE > Harbor . I miss you more than that movie missed the point , and thats an awful lot girl ... 
Six Flags today ..... pretty fun :D 
My neighborhood smells like bacon >_> 
Camping Fail this weekend ... nahh it was fun lol 
No work , Seaside now . latersss 
UPROOOAAARRRR today 
classss tomorrow ... doesn't bother me that much 
Say you want to stay you want me too . Say you'll never die , you'll always haunt me . I want to know I belong to you , say you'll haunt me .... 
Saw a buncha old Volkswagens at a show today .... they're like lil toy cars :O 
All you wanna do is drag me down , all I wanna do is stamp you out ........ 
DEFINITELY doesn't wanna be in the same room for the next 4 hours 
You and me will all go down in history , with a sad Statue of < PROPFEMALE > and a generation that didn't agree ....... 
My pupils dance , lost in a trance . Your sacred silence , losing all violence ........ 
Time feels like a midnight ride , finality waits outside . Weeping in perplexity's arms , curessing our smiles inside .... 
So I found myself in the sun , oh yeah . A hell of a place to end a run , oh yeah ....... 
Waffle House at 3am .... HELL yea 
do girls really do get stalked alot ? :O these two girls in my lab have been sharing stories for a damn hour 
As i close my eyes , i feel it all slipping away ..... 
Now we reached the end , just get it over with , but this is building to an adament conclusion . Come what ever may , there's gonna be a day , when we have figured out a possible solution ...... 
Ended up bein a chill night after all 
jury duty summons -_- with my mom ? >_> 
This is the time , this is the place , so we look for the future . But there's not much love to go around . Tell me why this is a land of confusion ..... 
The world I love , the trains I hop , to be part of the wave can't stop . \ 
Come and tell me when it's time to ....... 
There is only one true path to life . The road that leads to all , leads to none ..... 
Black Opssssssssss 
house to myself alllll day ..... so peaceful 
Ooohh , a storm is threat'ning my very life today . If I don't , get some shelter , oh yeah i'm gonna fade away ...... 
Samurai < PROPFIRST > :D 
Been havin an adventure with < PROPFIRST>'s GIANT FUKIN TV since 4 -_- 
Think fast , DOUCHEFAG 
Sat through a double-lecture class on beer today , now were all makin our own in lab :D Awwww yeeeaaaaa 
I'm the man in the box 
Nice job < PROPMALE > Jenkins . Crazy 4th quarter 
wants a hedgehog . i want a hedgehog naaoooo 
rest in peace < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Stoop kids afraid to leave his stoop ! 
Time to change has come and gone , watched your fears become your God ...... 
Giants and Saints victory . Awsuuuum afternoon 
Here we go again , with a brilliant overreaction . \ 
My advice isn't gonna change-dysfunction over fashion . \ 
I think you're all afraid - too afraid to admit your faults . No daylight in the bunker - just darkness in the vaults ......... 
Stranger things could never change my mind , i've go to take it on the otherside ..... 
:O They took the BEADS !!!! 
One down , three to go .... could be fun :D 
have you ever been so drunk that a wall kicked you ass ? :O 
100000 < PROPMALE > today .... bahh back to studyin ... 
Toasters don't toast toast . Toast toasts toast . 
Happy Birthday sisteerrrrr 
Chill night :D 
Prolly be up for another hour or so ... i need soup :O ima go get some right naooo 
I'll put a hat on for a bitch 
It's a < PROPFEMALE > F *%#- ing Christmas !!! 
I've been wasting my breath on you , open minds will descend upon you ...... 
Every day , somethin ' hits me all so cold . Find me sittin ' by myself , no excuses that know ........ 
Thanks for bday wishes everyone , an thx for everyone that chilled with me today ..... had a great day 
BUCK-FUTTER 
Hulkinnnnn it tonight 
No one plans to take the path that brings you lower . And here you stand before us all and say it's over .... 
pass the courvoisier 
Gotta stop leavin my shit logged on at Antonio's ...... spreading all my secrets . Lawls 
need sleeeeeep . or more < PROPFEMALE > 
BAWLS . gotta go back to school tomorrow 
Since you never gave a damn in the first place , maybe it's time you had the tables turned . ' Cause in the interest of all involved I got the problem solved . And the verdict is guilty ... 
no class today sweeet . now I get to go battle the snow invading my driveway 
Weihenstephan Korbinian Double Bock ! 
Awesome game last night , odd halftime show ...... 
Can you QWOP ? 
tomorrow can suck my BAWLS 
