I'm having a stressed day . blah . Nothing to do about it though . just hope that it starts to get better . 

I'm having a wonderful day ! I hope everyone has a great halloween . I'm going to a midnight showing of < PROPMALE > horror ! yay ! 
Tired of overtime and wishing the weekend would come faster . blah . 
I just want to let everyone know that I'm coming home in April ! I'm going to be in Cali from April 23-May 1 . I'm going to Disneyland on April 27 and would love it if some people wanted to come . If not I'm going to have a good bit of free time so give me a call or a message and I'll try to get together with everyone . It would be great to visit and catch up . 
Is looking forward to April and good weather and going home . only a month away ! 
I'm tired of people springing last second plans on me . grr . 
really well and truly glad it's friday and looking forward to easter . fun . 
Just got home from < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding . She was beautiful and totally blissfully happy . I'm sooo happy for her ! 
Happy Easter ! yay ! 
so Easter I got my purse stolen and was well and truly upset . But on the bright side it has given my sister a new project and me some new music for when I go home . I get to leave in 15 days ! yay ! 
Is happy it's the weekend and starting to think about family and home and music . fun . 
Is excited about going home . 1 week ! Yay ! I can't wait . I'm already starting to think about packing . And ! I just got a way cute < PROPFEMALE > on from < PROPFEMALE > for my birthday ! She's awesome . 
Is getting ready to go . Can't wait ! I'm all packed ... now I just have to try and figure out if there's anything I'm missing . maybe snow boots .... and and umbrella . Man I'm leaving warm < PROPFEMALE > weather to go to cali in the rain . blah . All well . Still can't wait . 
is home safely with my family . I'm loving it ! The weather is nice . The kids are adorable and lovey . Today I'm seeing < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , tomorrow I'm golfing with dad and < PROPMALE > , monday I'm going out for my bday w/ < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , and Tuesday I'm going out to disney with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . It's wonderful and I'm happy ! 
just checked the weather and is thrilled to find that tuesday's forecast has changed . It's changed to mostly cloudy with a high of 75 instead of showers . That's great ! hope it stays that way ! 
golfed today . It was interesting and fun and frustrating . I'm slightly burned ... even though I did put on sunscreen and I'm looking forward to < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! fun ! 
went out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > on monday night . SOOO much fun . < PROPFIRST > joined us . Then we talked him into disney on tuesday . only about 3 hours of sleep between the 2 , but it was a ball ! It's < PROPFEMALE > nice to be home . I'll post pics later ! 
I'm shopping today with mom . I had a daddy daughter day and sister days and a daddy daughter son day , so today is a mommy daughter day . Fun ! 
Thanx everyone ! I had a really good day with my mom yesterday . got new shoes and today I saw one of my best friends . It's been a great trip . I'm bummed to leave , but can't wait to be home and see my hubby and my dog . 
is packing and getting ready to leave < PROPMALE > . bummer . 
it's 6:45 and I leave soon . It sux .... but I'm homeward bound . That's good . Home to my hubby . bye cali ! I'll miss it . 
I'm home . it's good to be home . < PROPFEMALE > got us a new puppy and it's sweet . her name is pixie . I'm still a little off in the time zone thing .... but it's better . I'm back to normal and happy to be here . 
I'm home and adjusting to the time zone again . It's good to be home . < PROPFEMALE > got a new puppy named pixie . she's a doll . 
has news . it's up to you to decide if it's good or bad . < PROPFEMALE > and I have decided to move to California next year . We were driving to oklahoma for a family reunion next june and decided if we were already driving halfway across the country we may as well keep going . I'm really happy ! He's kinda bummed . 
I've got a second job . I will officially have no life ... but it'll be worth it . I can't wait to move and this will help . yay ! 
First week down . It's a little hard to go without sleep but the money is totally worth it . Beyond that I actually like the place and the people and I enjoy doing it . It works for me and I'm happy with it . 
So I have big news . It's good news . I'm pregnant ! I just found out a little over a week ago and I have my first doctors apt . this wednesday . < PROPFEMALE > and I are very excited . We're not sure what this will mean for our move or my second job but for now we're happy and excited . 
I went to the doctor's this week . I'm just past 6 weeks pregnant and both the baby and I look healthy . They've poked and proded and I'll have more info next time on the results of the tests . I'm happy and haven't had much morning sickness yet . hopefully I won't get much anyway . It's all good . yay ! 
So it's been a long week . I've been nauseas . I'm tired . I've lost 3 pounds just because I eat and it makes me queasy so I skip my next meal . I'm fine . It's just been a long week and I kinda hope the \morning\ " sickness goes away . It sux . " 
is starting to feel a little better . A little more energetic and more like myself . It's kind of nice not to feel quite so drained ... although I'm far from perfect again . It's just nice to be better if not great . 
Happy Friday the 13th ! I got my hair colored and it came out great . On the downside I had a tooth pulled today and I can't eat much which is making me feel sick ... again . I also got a great gift today ! < PROPFEMALE > got me a stroller and car seat for my baby . They're in great shape and so welcome . I love them ! 
I'm good . Life's ok . nothing interesting . 
I find out tomorrow if it's a boy or girl ! Yay ! I'm way excited ! 
I'm having a girl ! I'm sooo excited . we're naming her Zoey < PROPFEMALE > . 
Life's normal . I'm showing and I hate my closet ! Either my clothes are too short or tight or they're maternity and make me look more pregnant than I am . < PROPFEMALE > thinks it funny . I think he should be the one to get a belly since he wanted kids . 
Good week . Life's normal . I'm feeling the baby kick now ... or bump rather . It's not hard enough to call a kick . < PROPFEMALE>'s sad he can't feel her . She's active when I'm resting ... or I feel her when I'm resting . It's nice to have it feel real now . 
Have had a wonderful weekend with < PROPFEMALE > . I miss her lots when I can't get down and it feels like it's been forever . 
I had an ultrasound today . The last one they couldn't see her heart or her face . This time they saw her heart and 1 eye and the top of her nose . She wouldn't move her hands down so we could see her face ! She's still being stubborn ! sound familiar ? 
good day today . Baby kicked me crazy but that's ok . Short day at work after a holiday . yay ! It's been good . My Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > are visiting in about 2 weeks and that's put me in an even better mood ! Yay ! 
another day . I'm going shopping with Aunt < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow so that'll be fun . looking forward to thanksgiving and family and all sorts of things . 
I'm good ! Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPFIRST > are out and that's wonderful . I love seeing my family . I hope everyone had a wonderful thanksgiving and that everyone gets to be as happy as I am . I'm thankful for Zoey's health and my family's health and my family being near . good thanksgiving ! 
For those who haven't heard . we lost the baby . she was stillborn at 8:57 yesterday morning . She was beautiful and will be missed dearly . we're as ok as possible . I'm out of the hospital and the funeral is tomorrow . 
Thank you all so much for your prayers and Love . The funeral was beautiful and I was so grateful for the < PROPMALE > to say goodbye . It was amazing to see how loved she was . I pray that god cares and loves her as much as I wish I could have . Thank you all for your support . 
We're taking down the crib today . It's really hard . I don't go in the nursery , but talking things down makes it more final . 
I'm tired and I'm tired of crying . I don't know how to feel and it's really hard . I want to cry and smile and laugh and remember the good things . I want to be happy I got to have her , but I'm so sad that I can't anymore . I want to be happy for pregnant friends , but that hurts too . ugh , I'm just tired . 
had a good day today . I stopped into work and got to talk to all my friends . I cried just a little but it was nice to see everyone and laugh . I am so blessed to have such support . It really helped . 
is having a good Christmas . Happy holidays everyone ! 
Gets to go back to work on Monday ! I never thought I would be this excited to go back to work but I'm really going insane . The sooner everything gets back to normal for me the better I think . yay ! 
Is glad to be back at work . Had a good week and is looking forward to another one . 
' Cause once you've heard that word\ 
There ain't nothin ' you can't do ! \ 
So let that positoovity work for you ! 
is good and healthy and happy . Staying positive and praying alot . 
Another week or so down . Life doesn't seem to change much ! I'm looking forward to the superbowl ! fun ! 
needs prayers ! I'm pregnant again and of course terrified and overjoyed . Please pray for a healthy 7 1/2 more months ! 
I got to hear my baby's heartbeat this week . It's made me feel better . I now have a picture of a blob that is my baby . yay ! 
Life goes on cravings , morning sickness and all . at least it's the weekend ! 
I didn't know a six hour day could feel so long ! Thank God it's the weekend ! I hope everyone has a good one . 
