\I hate touchy feely crap . It makes me want to puke rainbows . \"" 

Yawn . All nighters are bad ideas . Stupid term papers . 
Long day . There was a bomb threat at school and then I saw this really creepy guy in the dorms . My RA and I called campus safety . Hope they find him . o_o 
So , we got Twilight : New < PROPFEMALE > off the RIT hub so we could laugh at it . IT'S A TRAP . It was gay porn . Thank goodness for thumbnails . My eyes have been spared . 
I ROFL'd so hard . 
Tonight's episode was brought to you by the letter's A , B , C , and FU . 
Feeling like Pink-Don't Let Me Get Me 
I've got a horrible migraine and I'm watching crappy presentations with a teacher that likes to interrupt and lechture in the middle of the presentation . 
League at the Inn then bed . Then shopping tomorrow . Then working all day on < PROPFIRST>'s Day . 
Feeling sad , happy , guilty , tired and exhilarated all at once . Damn I need some sleep ... 
Life's rough . Put on a helmet and take the next jump . Don't let the bruises scare you away . Don't be afraid to take chances . Just live . 
Feeling better today . A lot better . Not so stressed . Now I just need to finish finals ... 
Just got back from snowboarding . The mountain kicked my ass today . I think I bounced when I fell and hit my boobs so hard I think I lost a cup size .... 
Enjoying my time home so far . All moved out of < PROPMALE>'s , which was very difficult . Sitting here chatting with old friends and spending time with < PROPFIRST > before he leaves . 
Back to school . Trying to help < PROPFIRST > find a job in a law firm and get a better job myself . Hopefully with a police dept . Wish me luck . :) 
Physics for Dipsticks 101 . Calculate force by repeatedly banging head on the wall until you no longer care . In short , it has to be the EASIEST A I will ever get at RIT . 
Feeling really hurt by old friends . People I felt close to like family . People who helped me through my roughest of times . Feeling like moving to a new place and leaving my past behind , because it seems they don't want much to do with me . 
Working extra tonight to pay off the plane tickets to Long Island . For those of you at R.I.T. , drop by The Grind and say hello . It gets rather slow at night , and I need drinks to make . :) 
Sit . Stay . Go fetch the police car . Good boy . http://www.boingboing.net/2010/03/26/dog-eats-police-car.html 
Laundry , school work , cleaning . One more day till I go to Long Island . Can't wait . :) 
Enjoying the weather while I'm here . It's about 70 and < PROPFEMALE > . Going to the beach today . 
Pranking < PROPFIRST > . He didn't come home and won't answer his phone , so I'm spamming his facebook < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Back from Easter . Sigh . It was a wonderful weekend . I hope I can go back soon . 
Lol . The frat boys put couches on carts and are giving people rides for a dollar . That's one way to earn money I guess . 
The Internet . Where the men are men . The women are men . And the children are F.B.I. agents . Who are also men . 
Hey everyone . If anyone's interested , I'm selling a Fullerton Learner Guitar . It comes with a stand , Koss headphones , and a Digitech RP50 pedal . All together $100 . I've also got a women's DBX Siren snowboard with bindings and rougly size 8 boots . I also want $100 . Both are o.b.o. , though I'd like $100 . I just don't use either and am looking for some extra cash to put towards tuition . 
Well , I sold the guitar . But the snowboard is still up for grabs . 
I knew our good weather streak had to break , but SNOW !? Come on Rochester ... 
is frustrated .... and really angry . 
Really tired . Missing < PROPFIRST > . Doing school-work to get my mind off things . 
Lol ... writing a Public Policy paper on sexting and child sex offense and listening to Bad Romance . I love irony . 
Whooohooo ! Got an interview to work in a canine unit training center for the summer . Omg omg omg doggies . :P And c o-o p . That's nice too . :D 
Stole this off < PROPFEMALE > . Just doin it for the fun of it . \ 
\ 
Okay , so how many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , here's a task for you . I want everyoneon my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met as in our first encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Some of these comments could be interesting . 
Finishing up a paper and then going to bed . Going home this weekend for an internship interview . Wish me luck . 
Papers are done , just finals are left . Excited about going home this weekend for the interview . Totally excited about canine unit . 
Home for the weekend . Puppies :D 
Cleaning and preparing for moving in with mom . :P 
Packing up my dorm room and trying to get summer stuff prepared . Stupid credited c o-o p ... 
Listening to music , packing my dorm , and anticipating < PROPFIRST > being here tomorrow . 
< PROPFIRST > is gonna be here in a few minutes . Totally excited ! Almost done packing . :) 
Whew . Made it home . Now to finish up some online finals that got messed up and unpack everything I packed this morning . >.< 
\Can < PROPMALE > truly separate you from friends ... If you want to be with someone you love 
Bored and kinda lonely . Working on an afghan for < PROPFIRST > and some jewelry for mom to sell . 
Wishing I could be there for the most important person in my life ... <3 
I'm excited . Life seems to be moving in a good direction :D \ 
But on a side note , I burnt myself with a glue gun while making jewelry . Sigh ... my fingertips on my left hand are all red a swollen ... I guess I can't have too much happiness . :) 
Can't wait for next week . I get to pick up < PROPFIRST > and then my c o-o p starts soon after . Now to just find a paying job ... 
I hate it when the things you want to say the most will hurt the ones you love ... Going to bed to keep my mouth shut . Heading to Newark Valley tomorrow . 
Went to N.V. today to judge the < PROPMALE > show . It was fun . Wish I could have stayed for the actual show . :( Oh well , it was nice to see all the < PROPMALE > work and < PROPFEMALE > out with friends . 
Super excited for the next few days to get here . :) C o-o p coming up , get to see my wonderful fiance and mom is heading to < PROPFEMALE>'s Vineyard and can get my jewelry business a kick start . Lookin good . 
Just bathed 12 angry little fuzzballs and one really big happy Mastiff . Yay for no more ticks or fleas . I can sleep in peace tonight . 
Really excited to head to the city Tuesday . In the meantime , I'm making jewelry like a madwoman to have enough stock for the Harbor Festival mom is going to on < PROPFEMALE>'s Vineyard . 
Hmmm . Tornado \warnings\ " in Binghamton ... :/ That's new ... and not a good memory for the girl from the tornado belt . >.< Seems to have blown over for now . " 
Anybody in the Binghamton area want to go see fireworks with me in Endwell ? Show starts at 9:30 and I've got room for four in my car . Message me here or txt me . 
Septic tank is full or broken . Haven't had a shower today and won't till it gets fixed . No toilet either .... in fact , I don't think we can run any water because all the lines aren't draining ... 
Well , the septic guy came . It wasn't the tank . It's the line between the house and the tank . Which means we still can't use any water , or at least , no water can go down the drain . No toilet , no shower , no brushing teeth . Today is going to be wonderful . :P 
Well ... < PROPFIRST > got a job back on Long Island . Really happy that there's some income , and really sad that I won't be seeing him any time soon . Never felt so torn ... 
Really getting frustrated with the job market . I want to go back to college , but I have to come up with $800 for tuition and money for rent . Plus house stuff like kitchen things and furniture . I guess we'll figure it out somehow . 
Just got done bombing our house for bugs . It smells . Laying back and relaxing for a bit . Didn't get to bed till 6 am , so bed time is early tonight . :P 
Making home-made crepes and iced chai . Best summer breakfast ever . 
Really need a road trip or something . Feeling really cooped up and cornered ... 
Wish I could go out to Long Island for a few days . Missin ' < PROPFIRST > really bad . 
It's that time again . We have pom puppies for sale . Let me know if you , or anyone you know is interested . There are pictures at the end of the Pomeranian album . 
Was supposed to have a yard sale today , but's it's raining . Instead , I'm sitting on my bed with < PROPFEMALE > watching a show about wierd fish . 
Best internship ever ! lmao ! My very LAST call , ever , for patrol at Broome County Sheriff's Department was to catch four chicken's stranded on Rte . 17 . They had no idea how to catch them , so guess who caught them while the officers laughed ? Me . :D 
\Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now ... \"" 
Snobby girls come from New York . Sweet girls come from Alabama . But we Ohio girls have fire and ice in our blood . We can ride four wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left hooks , drink with the boys and if we have an opinion , you know you're gonna hear it ... Re-post if you're a true Ohio girl !... Love It !!!....... 
So frustrated I could be sick ... Nothing seems to be going our way , and all I want is to be with him . Idk about money anymore ... 
Really needed a wish or something ... I think I'm going to start doing tattoo comissions so I can pay my bills and go back to college . Right now ... I just don't have the money ... \ 
Oh , and for you girls . My mom has a home business and sells European charm jewerly . ( Pandora ) . She sells and HIGHLY discounted prices . We do home parties and have a huge assortment of beads . If anyone is interested , let me know . 
Well . I finally got a job . I'm getting paid to be an alcohol compliance agent . A . K . A . - I get into concerts free and try to get people to sell me beer . Whoot ! 
For anybody who's in the Binghamton area , we are having a huge yardsale today . We have lots of stuff , and keep pulling more stuff out of the garage . 
Made some money at the yard sale today . :) Went to WalMart with < PROPFEMALE > and was finally able to get some stuff I needed and then got presents for < PROPFEMALE > . Happiest 2-year-old ever . Feels good to have some money left over from shopping for once . 
Just gave the puppies thier first vaccines . < PROPMALE > was none too happy . He growled at me . But it was indeed important , it was their parvo vaccine . I accidentally poked myself before I started with the needle ... it freakin ' hurt . I feel bad for the little guys ... 
Can't wait to move . Really getting excited about having my own place . I looked at furniture today and can't wait to go shopping . :D 
Heading to the hospital to visit < PROPFEMALE > . Taking her a sketchbook and some pencils so she isn't bored . They are probably keeping her until she has the baby , so she needs some entertainment . :) 
Cleaning and waiting for < PROPMALE > to call . Going to watch < PROPFEMALE > some more while < PROPFEMALE > is in the hospital . 
Didn't fall asleep until 4 am . Sigh ... Getting up , going to town with mom , then stopping at the hospital to see < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yay ! Website for the poms ! I'm still editing it , but mom really wanted one . www.pinemarshpoms.webs.com 
Wants whiskey , video games , and a big f ' off sign for about the next couple of days ... 
is crying so hard she's shaking . And the one person she wants to talk to won't talk to her ... 
Frustrated . And tired . Working on some < PROPMALE > to set my mind free for a little while . Hoping I can get things straightened out soon ... 
Counting down until < PROPFIRST > gets here . Cleaning and keeping myself busy for the next few hours . 
Took < PROPFEMALE > out for the day . She is so cute . :) We went out to eat and played with the doggies for a while . So much fun . 
To most Christians , the Bible is like a software license . Nobody actually reads it . They just scroll to the end and click \I agree . \"" 
So , anybody in the Binghamton area with a car available tomorrow ? I have to go out of town , and mom isn't feeling well . She really really needs a house/dog sitter to help her get through the day while I'm gone . I'll be back around 8 or 9 at night . You don't have to stay all day , just help her take care of the dogs for a few hours ... 
Heading to < PROPFEMALE > to get the puppy . Super excited , but tired . Didn't sleep well last night . Got enough though to make the trip though . Can't wait to get there . :D 
Moving today . Won't be online for a while . See you all in Rochester . 
Is so upset right now . My puppies got into my school bag and destroyed my tablet . Doing commissions on DeviantArt was my only way of making some money until I get a steady job . We don't even have food in our fridge ... I can't get a new tablet . 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out at my apartment later ? I need a pick me up . I have gym class until 10-ish , but will probably get out early . Text me at 607-972-1255 . I can give you a ride back to campus . 
Anybody wanna come < PROPFEMALE > out ? I'm trying to unpack and the puppies are giving me hell . I could use a puppy sitter . :) Bring a movie or something if you want and we can just chill . 
The new season of House looks awesome . Now if only I had cable ... 
Movie night is tonight . Bring food and movies ! Text me a.s.a.p. if you need a ride to my place . 607-972-1255 . Starts at 5:30 . If anybody wants to contribute money , we'll order a sheet pizza and soda . 
For those coming to the movie night , I need to know a.s.a.p. if you're going to be here so we know how many people to plan for . Text me or message me here . \ 
My address is 66 Lake Vista Court , Rochester , NY 14612 . Our building is at the back of the complex . Please park in the middle section and not by the buildings . :) 
Party hasn't started yet . Feel free to still stop by , and bring friends . :D 
Still waiting on anybody to come . I'm heading to campus if anyone needs a ride , text me 607-972-1255 . We're gonna be here late , so show up anytime . :D 
Fashionably late pass to the party . Show up and get pizza . :) 
I love having my own kitchen . Yay no more dorms ! Having stuffed acorn squash and a grilled chicken salad with onion , walnuts , tangerines and vinagrette . Banana bread later . :3 
Thanks everybody . :D 
I feel stretched thin . Like ... too much to do in too little time . And not for this quarter , but this year ... Trying to help my mom with her business and make her happy , trying to find a job that can give me stable income , and managing everything for classes is just too much . Then I have a relationship . I have to give him time and love in between everything else . I feel like I'm letting a lot of people down . 
Change\ 
your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood \ 
andinvite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec 6 ) there \ 
shouldbe no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This \ 
is a campaign to stop violence against children .? 
and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec 6 ) there \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this post . They must in turn , promise to post this and send something they made to the first 5 posters on their status . It must be handmade by you , and it ... must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . Do it , go ! ( It's gonna be a long time though XD ) 
When are the shootings going the end ? And when is our country going to stop revoking the rights of people ? 
I'm bitterly cold and just cannot warm up . I got a job at a very professional stable , but it was -5 degrees this morning when I got in . Brrrrrr . 
So my alarm didn't go off this morning ... Was supposed to be to work at 7 , didn't wake up until 9 . Second day on the job . THEN , as I was heading in , I stopped to get gas a few blocks from home and realized my tire was flat , and had a gash in it . THEN , I got told not to come into work today . THEN I got home and my hot water isn't working ........ 
Worst . Halftime . Show . Ever . And I love the Black Eyed Peas .... 
Just took the entrance exam for the Arlington County Police Academy . Went really well . Just have to wait to get scored and I can send in my background info . :) 
Happy V-Day all . <3<3<3 
Passed the entrance exam for the Arlington County P.D. Next step , background check . :) 
has finished her work for the quarter , and waiting for the grades to come in . Once the registrar's office acknowledges my grades , I'll be officially finished with my Bachelor's degree . :) 
Hey guys ! I need a HUGE favor . <3 \ 
I'm applying for the Arlington County P.D. and I need lots of references . I need four from Ohio , four from Binghamton , and two from Rochester . I need full name , address and e-mail . If you are willing to be a reference can you please message me your info ? I need it a.s.a.p. because I need to overnight this background check TODAY . 
Just letting you guys know , I still need more references . I need these a.s.a.p. because I want to ship out this background check today . I still need 2 Rochester , 2 Owego/Newark Valley , and 4 Ohio references . This is a huge job , and I NEED this info . If anyone else can help out , it would be greatly appreciated . 
Still looking for addresses and such . Anybody who is willing to be a character reference , or be a reference for address , that would be reaaaaallllly helpful . :) 
Hey all , still really needing references ! I need three from Ohio and one from Owego/Newark Valley . You don't currently need to live there , I just need the address from when we knew each other . Any help is really appreciated ! This thing has to go out TODAY . 
Schwarzenegger has a big one , Lady Gaga has a small one , < PROPFEMALE > doesn't have one , the Pope doesn't use his , and Obama uses his all the time . What is it ? 
