Thanks for all of the birthday wishes !!! 

primordial soup ... macabre relish ... i love the discover channel 
Iranian president's bold step President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad plans to propose three women for his cabinet . First since ' 79 revolution 
more yahoo answers : \what country is god from ? \ " \ " bible land \"" 
yahoo answers : \where can i learn about the dark side ? \"" 
yahoo answers : \why do people think i'm black ? " 
i just found out that it IS illegal to walk on the road when there is an acceptable sidewalk . yay !!! i HATE when people do that ! 
just watched Medusa's story on the history channel . i'm pissed . screw poseidon and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
he stole the fates ' eye ? how mean 
wonders why brains have so much cholesterol ... 
is disturbed by how much < PROPMALE > Quinto and < PROPMALE > Roth look alike 
bored ... just wanna be at osu ... 
playing adult swim internet games and watching disturbia 
is learning the wonderful < PROPMALE > of archery 
having trouble finding music I like . If anyone has any suggestions , please help ! 
mistook a garbage can stuffed with cardboard for a shirtless man 
yes ! will smith's miami is on pandora 
i don't know why pandora thinks i'd like gangsta paradise , but what the hell i'll try it out 
just discovered the international carnivorous plant society 
is finally moving to OSU tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is finally here !!! 
is looking for a job ! i found a perfect one , but there is only one opening 
saw a guy smoking a tobacco pipe today . another guy starting talking to him , and it turns out he got it in Germany on his way to Russia . then he and the other guy shared the pipe and smoke in Russian . 
GOT A JOB !!!!!!!!! 
just bought a ti-82 for $25 
spanish , hpv study , chemistry , library , survey class , work , math , library again , food , shower , homework ... what . a . day ! 
has the BEST BOSS EVER !!! 
saw Zombieland last night ! 
' s Spanish professor brought in donut holes , bananas , and capri sun's for breakfast . today's gonna be a good day ! 
best day ever : free appetizer at o'charley's , found a dollar tree , saw some chinchillas , and went to the haunted hoochie 
was born in the wrong decade 
is going home this weekend ! 
' s bunion hurts . 
most hilarious horiscope ever : this week your sexual energy will be flaming , < PROPFIRST > , up until your flatulence is ignited by the candles you lit to set the mood 
My and < PROPFIRST>'s couple costume for next year : < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > 
who all is going to the niles tournament ??? 
thinks it's strange that everything you see about a person is dead except for eyes and teeth 
Does anyone know what food will be sold at the Niles Tournament ? 
going home today ! 
excited about judging PF ! 
no school tomorrow ! 
I like LL Cool J . I know , I know , delayed response 
giving dental advice on yahoo answers . i love study breaks 
I HATE the job and family services of Trumbull County !!!!!!!! 
saw a life-sized statue of a hippopotamus growling in someone's front yard while I was on the free-way . I love Ohio . 
guilty pleasure : < PROPFEMALE > manson 
missed Dingy so much ! 
can't wait to get old 
is learning < PROPMALE > for free online ! 
if more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold , it would be a merrier world -- the hobbit 
just found out that cat's have five toes in front paws , but only FOUR toes on back paws . freaky stuff ... 
< PROPMALE > and I are both blaring oldies in two different rooms . He really , really , really likes < PROPFIRST > Cash . 
I got my first sports injury ! 
found a baggie filled with dryer lint today at work . at first , i thought it was someone's dreads 
just discovered I've been wearing my underwear inside-out all day . 
can finally do titration stoichiometry ! so easy ! 
Half of my sims < PROPFEMALE > girls just died :( 
So I guess a severed deer leg was found in the dressing rooms at < PROPFEMALE>'s . Happy Holidays ! 
can't wait for Sherlock Holmes . 
found another science site to ask questions on . hehehe 
misses the term \assclown . \ " let's bring it back . " 
loved Avatar 
wow . only 2 ounces of botulinum toxin can kill everyone in the U.S. 
there are 44 different bacteria species on your forearm alone :) 
making stencil < PROPMALE > of the human skeleton 
world's greatest dad is a weird-ass movie . it is not recommended to watch with parental units . 
done with classes today . watching < PROPFEMALE > girls 
lol today was a good day , a very good day :) 
someone needs to invent kaleidoscope contact lenses 
math lecturer talked like yoda today . also described his yoda-shaped backpack . i love the math dept at OSU . 
anyone else judging this weekend ? 
I want a water canteen 
meet the creeper ( thumbs up ) 
does not have time for normal human functions , like bathing , eating , and peeing :) 
between reading about the ebola virus and listening to < PROPFEMALE > manson , i'm afraid to go to sleep 
The phenomenon of “self-cannibals . ” They suffer from a genetic condition , a change in one single letter of the human DNA , that forces them to compulsively chew their own flesh and bite off their extremities—and why the self-cannibalism disease may lurk in all of us . 
has mood poisoning 
\He suspects that the communists are conspiring to pollute the ' precious bodily fluids of the American people\ " I have been finding some very interesting quotes lately :) " 
wow . turfgrass management is a minor offered at osu . 
can't wait to take my minor's classes ! 
wow . a canadian politician sang pants on the ground during a speech 
ate too much chili 
misses her mom this week 
has cabin fever ! sick of doing homework all weekend 
why is Halloween no fun anymore ? 
I don't know what happened , but all of a sudden today is productive 
there is a species of leech that is 18 inches long (!) 
needs some < PROPMALE > help with implicit differentiation 
the biodiversity museum open house was amazing ! 
OSU snow day 
I'm so elderly 
tried doing that celebrity doppelganger thing . Mine is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . What the hell . 
I saw these two signs next to each other : \Child Care\ " and \ " Chainsaw Sharpening \"" 
My mom's latest lighter is < PROPMALE > Hardy and features a topless mermaid on it . Should I be worried ? 
is college over yet ? 
just learned that having either wet or dry earwax is a genetic trait ! 
some dandruff fell into my eye . disturbin . 
is watching the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > movie :) 
I don't know why I thought that reading a book about real serial killers at night was a good idea . Wow am I creeped out . 
just finished reading < PROPFEMALE > her bedtime story lol . < PROPFIRST > Nilsen . What a CREEPER ! 
don't deny it ; defy it . 
Aww , the U . S . ' s two oldest people died today . They were 114 and 113 years old (!) , and are otherwise known as supercentegenarians . 
ATTENTION EVERYONE : IF ANYONE COMES ACROSS ANY PUPPY CHIHUAHUA OR CHIHUAHUA MIXED , LET ME KNOW ASAP ! 
does anyone know if the edamame at marketplace counts as a side or an entree ? 
ahhhh . There is nothing like mentholated foot powder :) 
so does anyone need roommates for Toronto ? < PROPFEMALE > and I need two more people . 
awesome day : 1 . my new math < PROPFEMALE > is really good , 2 . I went to Oxley's when there was no line , 3 . I can finally access my math's webwork < PROPFEMALE > , 4 . my actual Spanish teacher seems understanding that I went to the wrong Spanish class on Tuesday , 5 . I found a paid research study . woohoo ! 
really wants a chocolate cup cake will strawberry frosting 
saw a squirrel without a tail :( 
wow . there is a song called doo doo head . 
\A failure to plan is a plan to fail . \ " ... I love Dr. Z " 
So long and thanks for all the fish ! 
Whilst doing webwork , I found this note underneath a problem : \Note : This is a problem from the MIT integration < PROPFEMALE > ( Google for details ) . Contestants competing for the title of Grand Integrator were allotted 2 minutes to solve this problem . \ " So incredibly nerdy . I love it ! lol grand integrator . " 
Boy Meets World was on tv this morning at seven ! 
forgot to take a shower last night 
Kick-Ass kicked ass !!! 
never thought my finger collection would expand ... 
it's raining caterpillars ! 
FUN NUGGETS ! 
jalapeno doritos and chocolate milk ... 
mmm ate my first scone today . yum 
I just scheduled for autumn and I don't have class on Friday , even with 20 credit hours ! 
Thank you , Wonka , for my Nerds Geek Pop Radio station on Pandora . I didn't know there was such a genre . 
found a human skull at work today . I don't really know why they'd need a real one 
mistook a pine cone for a caterpillar on the way home from Spanish class ... 
\Cobalt was discovered by Georg Brandt ( DE ) in 1739 . The origin of the name comes from the < PROPMALE > word kobald meaning goblin or evil spirit\ " Cobalt is evil ? " 
the medieval faire w as pretty fun . < PROPFIRST > bought a sword cane for only $25 ! 
< PROPMALE > bought me some antique pharmacy bottles ! Complete with glass corks and kick-ass labels ! yeehoo ! 
I love how random Yahoo's list of the top 10 searches of the day are : 1 . < PROPFEMALE > Simspon 2 . < PROPFEMALE > Braxton 3 . < PROPMALE > Green 4 . Jordin Sparks 5 . Halle < PROPFIRST > 6 . < PROPMALE > Schwarzenegger 7 . Wal-Mart 8 . National ID Card 9 . Ozzfest 10 . Shroud of Turin 
hey Niles people : does anyone know Mrs. < PROPMALE>'s maiden name ? 
oh , it's just one of those days :) 
has a thing for accordions . they`re bad-ass 
ate way too much fiber today 
my eye . won't . stop . TWITCHING ! 
Wow ! Scorpions glow under black lights ! Their body hairs reflect UV rays . What a bad-ass adaptation 
just got free popcorn and cotton < PROPFEMALE > at the Old Navy at Lennox 
wow the highest paid child actor today is that kid on two and a half men . 
is actually excited for Toronto . 
has discovered that galloping is much for efficient than walking across campus . 
yay < PROPFIRST > gave me a Flinn Chemical and Biological Catalog Reference < PROPMALE > as a going away present ! Happy day ! 
restocked my supply of nerd books for the summer months . Thank you Barnes and < PROPMALE > and Half Price Books :) 
ugh I wish I could afford the whole collection of Giant Microbes :( 
sorted through dead meal worms at work today 
the job application for Family Video asks you to list some of your favorite movies . Weird ? 
\The only sports we like involve beating people with foam-covered sticks . \ " It has a nice ring to it . " 
why did I just get an email that sent me to a Canadian site that is trying to sell me a cocktail of < PROPMALE > drugs and human growth hormone ? 
sorry miss nematode . I didn't mean to explode your gonads :( 
was doing calculus in my sleep last night . ugh this quarter needs to end 
yeehoo I think my wart fell off ! 
yay back to the future is on this weekend 
wow , discovery channel . has it been 25 years already ? 
just did a virtual knee surgery . I love the internet . 
does anyone else get creeped out by those new pertussis commercials ? creeepy . 
I hate it when I see the same picture in more than one anatomy book 
I don't know if I can wait until July 9 for Despicable Me to come out 
how to train your dragon was awesome ! and now I want a dragon 
note to self : don`t eat jalapeno doritos and then try to remove your contact lenses 
hates how entomology and etymology sound so similar when spoken . 
ha ! OSU offers a minor called \meat science \"" 
I refuse to believe that it's strange that I didn't know Hitler was an artist . Did anyone know that ? 
today feels like an apple butter and huckleberry razzle jam sandwich kind of day 
just saw a frog eat a rat . I love animal planet . Also kangaroo translates to \I do not understand your question \"" 
doesn't work until Friday . I'm not sure what to do until then ! 
ugh come on financial aid 
has volunteer orientation tomorrow morning . Hopefully that goes well ! 
I may or may not have set a thermal image of a fart as my desktop wallpaper .... 
teared up a little at the end of Despicable Me . Great movie ! Happy , funny , sad . It covers everything . 
dusting mannequins feels strange 
Why did an Asian man just give birth to a green alien baby ib the sims 2 ? 
there is a vendor selling Greek fried chicken for a heart disease fundraiser outside of the hospital . Oh , the irony . 
is not used to being this bored . Anyone doing anything ? 
yeehoo ! finally got my rooming assignment ! 
so I was driving home , and a boy < PROPMALE > down from a tree and stuck his tongue out at me . Yeah , I think I'm ready to go back to school now lol . 
Thanks for all the happy birthday wishes ! 
THERE IS A MEDICAL MUSEUM IN YOUNGSTOWN !!!! 
yay ! I made an appointment to go to the medical museum !! September 16th . 
so I'm playing the sims , and my guy want's to be saved from death . How do I go about arranging this ? 
Ocean City was so much fun , and the medical museum was definitely a success ! 
yay bio lab doesn't start until next week , so no classes tomorrow ! 
The bad news : I'm looking at another 8 to 11 years of school after undergrad . The good news : I'll be making $ 250,000 per year after that . 
got the research position ! 
ugh going home to work 16.5 hours this weekend . At least mum made pumpkin roll ! 
hmm ... so why does the United States Socialist Party want to abolish the FBI ? 
I know it's only been one day , but I really love the research lab ! 
learned today that fungi digest before they ingest ! 
\We thought it would be fun to kill someone from the Jersey Shore . We're doing what < PROPFEMALE > wants\ " haha gotta love the producer of Bones " 
yahoo ! < PROPFIRST > Roach wrote another book ! 
can't wait for college to be over ! 
I do not where my monical often enough . I'm also disturbed that facebook does not recognize \monical\ " as a word . " 
So , I was eating my generic-brand Walmart gummy snacks ( that are all supposed to be shaped like smiley faces ) , and I found a gummy < PROPFIRST > Brown ! 
Finally ! My < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Game collections is complete ! 
is a pretty good mouse brain extractor :) 
Accidentally walked through a zombie apocalypse on the way home . ooops . 
Poll of the day : like this status if you've ever heard of < PROPMALE > Quijote ( Spanish 104 excluded ) 
Dang it ! My favorite character was the culprit :( 
really enjoys saying \zygote . \ " It's just a fun word . " 
< PROPMALE > grahams no longer have facial features :( 
FOUND A LEAF BUG TODAY !!! I would've kept it if I had a tupperware container on me at the time ... 
ugh Microsoft needs to create a science version of Microsoft word . My chemistry lab write-ups are almost entirely red-underlined . 
finds it interesting that the majority of Halloween skeletons that I've seen are male . 
wonders if all the stuff < PROPFEMALE > is saying about Lake Erie is true ... 
got the highest grade on my chemistry midterm ! Oh , yeah !!!!!!!! 
watched coneheads today ! 
is both baffled and delighted by bio-symbiotic relationships :) 
oh my gosh ! when deep sea anglerfish mate , the male ( which is 40 times smaller than the female ) fuses onto the side of her body and becomes part of her anatomy . so weird ... 
ah today was a good day :) 
I really hope the government or something never looks at what Amazon recommends for me . It's mostly knives and books about being a mortician . Not creepy at all , right ? 
is finally the owner of a snuggie . I think . 
Wow . My chemistry professor's name is Dr. < PROPFEMALE > . 
never thought I would like a band called PANTyRAiD 
urgh . got a nasty papercut . 
did not know that trip-hop , acid jazz , and Afro-pop are all music genres . 
best day at work today . we made delicious freshly-cut skin-on fries , and there was a great radio station on 
Includes : bone saw , pizza with faces , and alternate head 
wtf , why is zombie strippers a movie ? 
woohoo ! 93% on my anatomy exam 
Now has ID access to the vivarium . That just sounds cool . 
Laffy Taffy Joke ! \ 
Q : What were Tarzan's last words ? \ 
A : Who greased the vine ?! \ 
\ 
lol I love it 
Dear Fresh Express Employee : Sorry for creeping you out today . I was just really glad that you were serving egg rolls ! 
so close . I was so close to a cup of tomato < PROPMALE > soup . But noooooooo , the guy in front of me has to get the last of it . Please , Oxley's , just make more of it in winter quarter . Please ? 
mmmm the union's lasagna is dynomite 
I kind of think that my chicken pot pie shouldn't smell like wet dog 
I feel as if all of my toes are broken 
Dear inferior eyelid twitch : please go away 
98% on anatomy exam . yeeeeeeeeeeeeessss 
FISH QUESADILLLAS ! 
saw a chef shaving a HUGE bar of chocolate4 
I just answered the door wearing my snuggie and holding a model of an organic molecule to find my business-major RA on the other side . It could've only been nerdier if I happened to be wearing my chem lab goggles lol . 
Screw you , yahoo . I think an encyclopedia and a frozen pizza is an awesome V day present 
blech had a nightmare about < PROPFEMALE>'s last night 
I haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaate Thursdays 
thanks , shitty dorm dryer , for ruining 2 of my garments . that's just fantastic 
got 101.25% on my anatomy exam ! ooooo yeaaaaaah ! 
are we human or are we dancer ? really ? I love The Killers , but I haaaaaaaaate that song . 
how is it possible that I've listened to 40 hours of music on Pandora already ? 
mmmmm three cheese quesadilla with habanero ranch sauce 
ugh I think I have carpal tunnel syndrome . it's annoying the crap out of me 
lol \inappropriate behavior\ " is a symptom on webmd " 
I just played boogerman ! 
is applying to < PROPFEMALE > anatomy 200 in the fall . heck yeaaaaaaaaaahhh 
oh , in the study room going a little crazy . I hope no one comes in . I have my hood on and my lips are really chapped . Covered in dandruff . Giggling a lot . 
wishes mad science and dragonometry were real classes :( 
YAY monsters inc is on ! 
Is getting paid $30 to lay in an MRI machine for an hour yay 
103% on anatomy lab practical ! now I just need to ace the lecture exam tomorrow , and I'll have a 99% in the class lol 
Good night . Went to a movie with Miss < PROPFEMALE > . Bones is on . Only one more class tomorrow . Get to sleep in . Plus , an extra day to study since our BV2 cells crapped out and we can't do experiments with them tomorrow . :) 
was randomly awarded a work-study < PROPMALE > in the middle of the school year . okay ? 
ah I love it when stuff I've learned in video games helps me out in a class lol 
is having a good hair day , will have an extra $70 by the end of today , is feeling really prepared for my final today , just got a work-study < PROPMALE > last night . Today is going to be a good day , despite the crappy weather ! 
is heading back to Niles tomorrow . Will be there until the 27th :) 
GAHHHH A MINUS IN OCHEM SO EXCITED !! 
erasable highlighters ! 
so Dairy < PROPFEMALE > is now making individually sized ice cream cakes in those little sundae cups . Best spring break ever ! 
so I ate at < PROPMALE > Evans for lunch with my aunt today . On our way out , I noticed that there was a bucket where you could donate toward their assistant manager's bail . Only in Niles lol 
I love it when I get a paycheck even though I haven't worked all week 
had an awesome first day of spring quarter ! 
