finally has internet on her home PC . It feels kinda funny , like being handed the keys to the space shuttle ... 

is really sad because my very old cat died last night . 
is tired . 
likes her heater . 
likes her lawyer . Go figure . 
wants to cut off all her hair and go all < PROPFEMALE > Ryder . 
got good milage out of that MJ costume . Time to pack it away now . 
is in a very bad mood . 
is gearing up for Saturday's dinner . 
is going to unbutton her pants , eat half a pan of brownies , and finish watching Season 1 of Thundercats . Thank you , Veterans . 
Today I like toaster waffles , Lady Gaga ( don't effing care who knows ) , my old jeans with holes , and the smell of dried leaves . And NPR forever . 
enjoyed the < PROPMALE > Museum of < PROPMALE > today . 
oh okay , now I get it ... Black . 
donate to clintonbushhaitifund.org 
Ahh .. fine I'll go with Fey over Silverman . 
just got her acceptance letter for UNM's doctoral program in experimental psychology . :) 
loves Roquefort cheese too much to screw it up with crackers . 
repainted the livingroom in her new place from babyshit yellow to babyshit green . Ahhh , much better ! 
God , finally finished my taxes . 
is looking forward to Friday ... bust a move kids . 
is having a great birthday . :) 
is bracing for a rough Monday . 
Congratulate me because I got on Facebook for the first time in like a month , and I answered a couple comments and I'm drinking a beer . Yee-hah . 
Holy cow , I don't know what country this tech support lady is from but she's making me INSANE 
I don't really understand what a hipster is . Wikipedia just confused me more . Am I a hipster because I drank PBRs last night ? Please tell me I'm not a hipster ! 
Today is my last day of work at the VA . I'm feeling sad . 
OMG , 80's parties are funner than anything ever . Laying around my house this morning among the beer bottles : a headband , two bows , a scrunchie , a slinky , and a fedora . 
Grad school is cRaZY biDNEZZ .. 
trying to be like everyone else and get on facebook more . It's important to fit in . 
CURSE YOU PAFNUTY TCHEBYCHEFF , AND YOUR INEQUALITY THEOREM , TOO 
I miss my kids . 
I am a horrible procrastinator . Horrible . 
Some one broke into my car during the night and stole the GameBoy . Neighbor found my expired passport in her yard . Didn't know it was in the car . What else was in there that I don't know I'm missing ?... 
ROCKED the courtroom today . 
is an amazing girl today . 
10-10-10 : Dear diary , I need me time . Here's to my dad leaving tomorrow . 
Hmmm , I'm the only one online at 6 am ... 
http://www.xtranormal.com/watch/7451115/ 
Ugh , I have absolutely no understanding of how Facebook decides to post my activities to my wall . < PROPFEMALE > turned on a light . < PROPFEMALE > opened her email . 
I can't find my cell phone :( 
I saw a piece of poo on the sidewalk this morning and it reminded me of my ex-husband . 
NSF GRFP , why do you torture me so ? I am hating life until November 19th . 
is updating her status . 
Are there photos of the gingerbread cookies ? Forgot to take a picture and Ayla ate my head off ... 
i heart my friends . And especially < PROPFEMALE > today . :) 
Finally got a smartphone today ... wow ! 
My kids got on a plane to < PROPMALE > last night with their father . My tummy hurts . 
Hello people , in case anyone hasn't heard , I have an android phone and I heart it . 
OMG , I'm an Aries now ? This new zodiac has changed everything ! 
