wow ... enough with the wind already ! 

Hi-ho , hi-ho , it's back to work ( after 16 days off ) we go ! I hope my room's not an ice cube - hi-ho , hi-ho , hi-ho ... okay I'll stop :-P 
is relieved and < PROPFIRST > R . knows why ! :-D 
One more week and I'm finished my Master's!!! Also , one more week until I have time to make something for dinner that does not include chicken nuggets or tater tots . Or pizza . I like to diversify :-D 
has four more projects to do and the motivation of a slug . That is all . 
is going to go do something besides homework for a while ... 
I have no idea what I am going to do with myself tomorrow , or this week for that matter ... I <3 my job this time of the year : ) Something tells me I'll find something to keep me busy ( maybe ! ) . 
Well I was getting sick of all the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > coverage , until ... LIVE , from SNL -- oops , I mean Alaska -- there's next week's news in a nutshell :-P 
is in NJ/NYC for the week ... here's hoping that I get there in one piece ( it'd be nice ;-O ) 
debating whether or not I want to go roast in my classroom again tomorrow . If I go , it's going to have to be early before it gets too stuffy ! 
And the countdown begins ... I'm nervous just thinking about next Friday . Yeesh . 
is trying to teach myself how to podcast . It could happen . 
is back to reality in less than 12 hours . Summer , I hardly knew ye . 
Ready or not ... 
1 day down , 179 more to go . However , my kiddos = awesome . 
I think I can , I think I can ... 
\Made\ " a smartboard ... and IT WORKS ! " 
Please , oh please , let the cherubs be good for the substitute tomorrow ! 
is still cranky from sitting in a long meeting ... all . day . long . 
looks like education threw up all over my living room ... welcome to Sunday evening at my house . It's a wonder I haven't been voted off the \island . \"" 
has a \date\ " with my lesson plans and Grey's Anatomy . The two of them are just going to have to compete with one another for my undivided attention . " 
Can't wait to read the Journal Junction comments tomorrow about the bond passing . You know there's bound to be a few good \zingers\ " in there compliments of that fabulous 37 percent ... " 
Chocolate always makes it better . So does having 26 awesome cherubs this year . Just need to put their equally awesome talking to good use . 
is going to go turn my brain off , for a few hours anyway ... 
is a < PROPMALE > writing fool ... well , I prefer to use the term \fool\ " loosely : P " 
Is going to go curl up on the couch with my laptop and think of ways to put my room on lockdown ... 
It's cold . 
is excited about her Mimio , the more I read about it ... 
believes in sharing , except for germs ... 
Rain , rain , go away - and take the cold with you !!! 
Fridays always do me in ... gonna go sit down before I fall down ... 
taught myself how to \blue screen\ " ( like green screen ) in movie maker ! Too cool ! " 
is , amazingly after today , still standing . Praying that I continue to have an immune system made of steel ... 
Oh my . What a day , what a day . At least I can breathe now . 
Just wants EVERYONE to be healthy !!!! What a week ; P 
is going to attempt to do everything I wanted to do this past week but felt too crappy to do in the next 48 hours . You've been warned . 
is too exhausted to do anything except , well , be exhausted . 
National Board Certification = AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH !!! Come on ( next ) Tuesday !!! 
2 more days , then it's TURKEY TIME !!! 
<3 < PROPMALE > Turkey Break , sad to see it come to a close ... but just think , in 3 1/2 weeks , we get to do it all over again ! Not that I just count < PROPMALE > how long until then . Or anything . 
Come on , Old Man Winter , show us what you've got : - ) 
IT''S SNOWING !!! I might actually survive this week after all : D 
7 more days ... and not a flake in sight !!! 
Five more days . That's all I have to say about that . 
would like to know who gave me this stinkin ' cold as an early Christmas present . I'd love to regift . 
Dear Santa : That big ol ' snowstorm I requested needs to come on a weekday , not weekEND . Just wanted to clarify . 
Cherubs + Looming Winter Storm + Christmas ** Insanity ** = ... you do the math . Jingle all the way !!! 
is up early to enjoy my ( at least ) 3 day weekend . 
fingers crossed that we don't have to deal with the combination of \Christmas craziness\ " and \ " Snow Day silliness\ " on Tuesday ... " 
is becoming the < PROPFIRST > Trump of < PROPMALE > writing , just with ( much ) better hair . Just got another one through the Education Alliance in Charleston to do a Spanish language project with my cherubs , bringing this year's grand total in < PROPMALE > s to ... $5000 :-O ... And now , this \lazy\ " teacher is going to go back to enjoying her extended holiday break . Adios ! " 
is so , incredibly tired ... 
Pink 
Two hour delay ... better than nothing : ) 
Well ... today can't be any worse than yesterday . Hopefully . 
Two hour delay + No Starbase Field Trip due to two hour delay + disgruntled cherubs for obvious reasons = Please let this day be quick and painless ... 
My brain ... it hurts . 
It's Doppelgänger week ! During this week please change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been told you look like for the week ... 
is not a fan of winter weather treachery , particularly on the weekends ... if I'm going to be held hostage in my own home by a bunch of snowflakes , it better be Mon . -Fri . 
Berkeley County Schools have a 2 hour delay tomorrow !!! Happy Monday ! 
... and then it snowed . 
This is the best winter EVER ! :-D 
... so I guess you've heard it's going to snow ( again ) . 
Snow on da ' ground ..... snow on da ' ground ..... Drivin ' like a fool wit da ' snow on the ground .... look at ya now - car spinnin ' round ..... drivin like a fool wit da ' snow on da ground !!!... Slow it down .... den copy -n- paste - n- pass it around ... ? 
is glad the Snow-pocalypse appears to be exiting stage right . I think this will hold us over for a while ;-D 
7-14 more inches ?!?! Sn-oh-my-goodness ... 
gives the new FB format a big ol ' \F . \"" 
no IS Day on Monday ! 
Oh goody , more snow ... that groundhog will be lucky if he's not an endangered species next year . 
Once upon a time , I went to this thing called a job , and I think I did something along the lines of , I don't know , teach ... sorry the blinding whiteness outside is making everything a little fuzzy ... hope I still remember how to get there tomorrow :-P Just kidding ! :-P 
... and it's only Monday . 
is crazy tired ... what ELSE is going to happen this week ?! Guess this is the downside to having two weeks out of the loop ... 
is exhausted . That is all . 
stressed out . That is all . 
What . A . Day . 
Hasn't taken a sick day from work in 5 years ... but this way very well be the week I break my streak ... 
worst . day . ever . 
mailed the box . It's a long story . 
Okay ... something is up ... ever get the feeling that people are trying not to tell you/don't want you to know about something ... um , yeah ... 
Wow . That is all . Watch NBC25 tonight at 5 ! You might see me ! 
Happy Easter \peeps ! \"" 
Hey , on the bright side , we have ( less than ) two months left ! We can do this ! Right ??? 
is hoping for an uneventful day . Please . 
Friday !!! It's almost here !!! :-D 
is 28 . Thanks for the birthday wishes everybody ! 
Had a wonderful Monday (* cough * 34 more days * cough *) ... hoping this is the start of a wonderful year . 
is resting up for a looooong week !!! Full < PROPFEMALE > on Wednesday , teachers - BRACE YOURSELVES !!! :-D 
<3 Friday <3 in T minus 40 minutes !!! 
Yea ! It's MAY ! 
21 more days . That is all . 
OH MY ... what a year , what a year ... 
Something about having this week over with makes me feel like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders . I guess the hard part is over ... Westest here we come . 
Rainy days and Mondays ... 
Things , they are a changin ' ... 
is doing some deep thinking that I did not plan on having to do . Ever . I mean , not that I don't think deeply about things , but ... never mind . 
back and forth , back and forth ... 
:( 
needs a hug . 
<3 s days like today ! They make the other 179 worth it !!! 
This roller coaster of a year has finally come to a halt . What a ride it has been . 
Rest in Peace Senator Byrd . 
is in Illinois from Sun - Sat . Have fun at Starbase teacher peeps . I'll miss you ! 
is home . What an awesome week . Will share more later after I \recharge . \"" 
is praying for a good year . 
Air Show = Awesome ! 
Soooo glad to be home ! 
is enjoying not being a basketcase this year :-O 
\All children are gifted . Some just open their packages sooner than others . \"" 
is laying on the couch like a big ol ' blob ... 
Sleeeeeeepy ... feels like this week is going super slow . 
Wow ... today felt like a Friday . Actually , so did yesterday ... 
Vote \yes\ " for the levy ... because we're worth every < PROPFEMALE > ( and then some ) ... " 
Hmm ... days off in the middle of the week like this put me in the mood for a ... do I dare say it ... * snow day * 
\You used to be much more ... ' muchier . ' You've lost your muchness . \ " - Mad Hatter " 
needs a weekend from my weekend : | 
thinks this is the longest week ever . 
I AM A NATIONAL BOARD CERTIFIED TEACHER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is not thankful for my stinkin ' rotten cold . 
Do I hafta go to school tomorrow ? Isn't there some giant snowstorm on the horizon or something ; ) ? 
If it's going to be this COLD , this DARK , and this DAMP , then it needs to snow - preferably in copious amounts . 
I . Want . Snow . 
three ....... more ........ days .......... 
Can't believe all that has happend in the last 365 days ... adios to the second most trying , stressful year ever ( for me anyway ) . Bring it on 2011 ! 
:-S 
got snow ? ;-) 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! 
Is not of fan of the Weather Channel , Accuweather , Weather Bug , et < PROPMALE > . at the present . Wrong again , weatherguys/girls . 
Decisions , decisions ... 
There's no business like SNOW business like no business I know : ) : ) : ) 
Only I could be away from school germs for 5 days and still manage to get sick . Boo on you , stinky cold . 
BCS are closed 
was not thrilled to find a slightly busted tail light on my car after school : ( 
So tired and not a flake in sight ... 
Well ... it WAS a great week ... 
BCS two hour delay tomorrow 
: ) . That is all 
Must ... get ... motivated ... 
is going to Huntsville this summer !!! 
has a lot to do . Starting to wish that groundhog would have seen his shadow ... 
So far this week I've had surprise flowers AND a surprise lunch ... aren't you all worried about me getting a big head ? ;-) 
watching the hummingbird cam and thinking about how precious every life is - no matter how small . 
Mondays make me sleeeeeepy ... 
