Life is full of mystery . Getting ready for a wedding takes a lot of planning ! 

Man ... it is hot this week . Time to get on the motorcycle and go for a ride , hope we go cruzin ' with < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . 
Had a great time riding the motorcycle this weekend with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > . 
I'm catching some kind of summer cold and it's miserable . 
So glad tomorrow is Friday 
We got < PROPMALE>'s daughter last night she is ours now . Gotta wait to get his son . 
Wow , laast week had a ton of surprises for us . Looking forward to our family all being together this week . Send out the well wishes for Thursday when we go to court to finalize getting both the kids for good . 
We head back to Dawsonville tonight . Court in the morning , send out good wishes for us to get the kids safe and home with us . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the next 24 hours . 
Well court went okay , didn't get enough time to get everything accomplished with < PROPMALE > , however we did get custody of < PROPFEMALE > . 
I am only one person doing the job of 18 , how am I not commited yet I don't know 
Good grief I never knew having two teenage girls in our house was such hard work . I need some kind of vacation away from home . 
It's finally PAYDAY . Too bad it won't last ! 
Sometimes it just helps when you can talk through your problems , then life is a lot more pleasant ! 
I am seriouslyy exhausted and so damn tired of having to drive back and forth . Why can't someone else take on their own responsibilities for a change . 
Things have really been a blessing for me today . I am thankful for a fresh start today . 
Nothing is impossible , hard work does pay off !!! 
On another mission . Rubbin ' elbows with all the right people . Who knows when you may need a favor . 
I am CHEEZIN ' because I got to chill with my besties < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > last night . Love you guys !!! 
Finally got a day to spend some time alone today !!! It has been so quiet , I love it ! 
I can't believe it's holiday time already ... time to thaw out the turkey and make sure I have everything to prepare my feast . Yum , Yum ! But I will be staying home on Friday ... yuck I hate those crowds ! 
I am so thankful to have a wonderful family and so many great friends . I hope that you have a belly full of great food and a load of smiles and laughter today . HAPPY THANKSGIVING everyone ! 
I got an envelope from UPS today with money orders in them today from someone I didn't know . I thought that I was sent a money angel for being good to others and I could get my kids some Christmas gifts , but when I went to cash them they told me they had to confiscate them because they were counterfeit . What is this world coming to ... Why would somebody do such a thing ? 
No where near ready for Christmas , BAH HUM BUG ! So many presents left to get , but hey at least the tree is up and decorated . 
Thought that I would never make it out of the house this morning . I had a big presentation to give and my heart just about beat out of my chest , dang anxiety is hell sometimes - I got through it , and it turned out pretty good . :) 
Starting to get more serious on the wedding planning . Only 4 months left to go , I'm going to turn into one of those bridezillas before you know it . 
Dang , if we got a freeze factor in < PROPFEMALE > I feel for ya'll in Colorado . 
Enjoying some quiet time ... because I don't get it very often ! 
I'm so getting ready for Christmas ... it's almost here . Gotta get the house cleaned and the food prepped today , so we are good to go . 
Wishing all my family & friends the best of Christmas wishes . I hope that all of you are blessed with the gift of love and prosperity . Let's not forget to celebrate the best gift of all and wish a Happy birthday to Jesus ! 
Winding down after the Christmas rush ... now it's time to finalize wedding plans . No rest for the wicked . 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > 
Getting ready for the New Year , excited to spend the day with good friends and some new friends 
I can't believe that this year is almost over ... time sure flies when you get older ! I won't be on New Year's < PROPFEMALE > , so I am sending many wishes of blessings for peace and prosperiety to everyone in the New Year ! Happy 2010 ! 
Peaceful quiet morning , after a loud evening ! < PROPMALE > took all 5 of the kids hunting with him , so I got a couple hours of peace and quiet , first time in almost 2 weeks . Awww , replenishment ! 
I am experiencing some seriously measurable pondering moments of life . Shall the well of life give me any hope or will my quest be enough to pursue the answers in time ? 
Lets see how honest FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . Wonder if I have 20 brave friends who will do this .. 
WHITE 
Messy on top 
Feeling better tonight . Glad that I have good friends , and people to talk to ! 
Making progress ! 
9 inches :( 
If I can make a difference in one person's life , then my life will have meaning . 
My baby just won 3rd row seats to the < PROPMALE > Turner concert Woo Hoo 
Lack of respect & responsibility really irritates me !!! 
I want to ride in a purple helicopter with an orange martian named Zeke because the elephants trunks are too tired and the seahorses have come uncurled . In other words , I've gone CRAZY !!! :) 
Good things come to those who wait ! 
I need an \EASY\ " button " 
It's just another Manic Monday 
Well it's only 10:30 , and I have gotten a lot accomplished so far . It's going to be a good day ! 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults , copy and paste this to your status !! :) :) 
Wow this was an action packed weekend . Ready to rest today , but so much still to do ! 
I hate the way the government screws us ! 
Find the definition of your name in the Urban Dictonary : urbandictionary.com Some are hilarious , naughty or silly . Passing this on from friends . 
I have discovered that there are some true nut jobs in this world that will go to just about any length they can to try and get control , but I just busted yo Boota , watch out for the straight jackets and the po po crazy lady , they are coming to take you away ! 
Thought for the day and proof that women are flexible : Women are angels and when someone breaks our wings we continue to fly ... on a broomstick . :) 
This was an emotional weekend , but it's Monday and time to come back to the real world . 
Getting ready to go to a training seminar over the next few days . Excited about the opportunity , will miss my family and I hope my house is in one piece when I get home . 
What a busy week in store . The kids are out of school all week , in-laws coming to visit , court on Thursday , if my nerves aren't standing on end yet , they will be very soon . 
Life is a never ending process . Just when you think you are making headway another pile is dumped in front of you and you have to start from the bottom again . 
I wish that I could clone myself to get all of these tasks done , and not be so stressed . 
Made it through Monday , but it only gets crazier from there . 
It's FRIDAY ... Off to have lunch with my < PROPFEMALE > 
A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if you're home is tidy or not , if you're car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and you're loved ones aren't perfect and do actually fight ... a true friend just likes you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true frien ... d !!! I am blessed with many :-) 
This is going to be an eventful week all the prayers for custody court will be appreciated 
Finally after 40 hours of driving back & forth and nearly 20 hours in & out of court our prayers were answered and we have the children home with us , and their happiness is the most important thing ! Thanks for all the prayers , I believe in the power . 
It's nice to have our family together . If I can manage to have < PROPFEMALE > with his ex all will be good . 
Lawyer - $3500 Hotels - $250 Fuel - $600 Having our family together - PRICELESS 
What a beautiful day ! Just wish my head would stop hurting so I could enjoy it . 
So much to do , so little time . 
I had a sick kid at home yesterday , thank God for ibuprofen that broke her fever so we made it to the rattlesnake roundup today for a while , because I'm glad the kids got to go . I wish that their mother would understand that < PROPMALE>'s kids are finally happy here and would stop harrassing us and allow them to be content . 
The greatest journey begins with a single step . - Oriental Proverb 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ... Burlington , Colorado 
We cannot live only for ourselves . A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men . - < PROPMALE > Melville 
Planning , Expanding , Processing , Pondering , and more Planning . 
Things are coming together , I am realizing that all of the planning is worth it because I have a wonderful and sweet man that I am going to marry ! 
Words are mere bubbles of water , but deeds are drops of gold . Chinese proverb 
One simple word of kindness goes a long way . 
¡op o ? s ? u ??? ? u ?? os ???? u ? op ? p ? sdn p ? u ? n ? ? u ????? ??? po ? ???? nb ? l ??? l ? ? u ? l ??? ?? ? 
Well the countdown begins , I can't wait to see my parents they will be here in 2 weeks ! 
Happy Easter ! May you have a wonderful day with your families and remember the blessings that were given to us this day . 
Hard work and planning ... April has been a busy and challenging month and it's only the 5th . 
Another busy day , the Youth Leadership Conference is this week and I have been busy making sure all of the details are in order . This has been a great first year as coordinator . 
You cannot give away kindness , it always comes back to you . 
Reflecting on the many gifts of knowledge and perception recieved over the past few days and looking forward to growing stronger with my future husband and our family . 
My parents will be here tomorrow !!! I'm excited to show them the south ! 
I have been having a great time enjoying my family visiting . I wish that they could stay longer and that there wasn't so much to do in so little time . 
Happy Birthday to my mom , glad I can be with her to celebrate this year . 
Getting ready for our wedding , it's been so stressful , with all of the little last minute tasks . We only have a few more days to go , I will be so happy when it finally gets here , I am so excited ! 
My brother made it in . I am so glad to see him ! Can't wait for the rest of the family to arrive . I will miss all of you that aren't able to be here this weekend ! 
Well , the day has come to leave for our destination wedding . We are off to the beach this afternoon . I am so blessed to have so many wonderful people surround me at this time and ease my stress . I will be thinking of all of those who are not able to be with us . We will come back with a tan after our honeymoon !!! 
I am officially a married woman now . The ceremony was so beautiful . We are heading out for our honeymoon . 
We had a lovely time on the honeymoon and enjoyed spening time with family while they were here . Now it's back to work & reality only with a new last name . :) 
Wow , I am exhausted ... the past month took so much out of me ! Thanks to everyone for all of their help and support through the process ! 
Wishing a happy Mother's Day weekend to all the mothers , and fathers who take on the motherhood role , out there . I hope that you have many blessings of love from your family and children ! 
I have a ton of strawberries that I have to start preserving . Yum , yum strawberry jam ! 
It's getting hot and humid down here . And the bugs are coming out in full force . I may get hauled away by all of these mosquitos if I'm not careful ! :) 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a \ 
man talking softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT \ 
her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful \ 
sheis . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could love \ 
her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing smiles from \ 
her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence !!! 
A very succesful and pleasant day . I am pleased with the efforts and progress made through PRIDE this year , looking forward to another great year next school year ! 
I can't believe it is almost summer time already . Any body know anything fun to keep three teenagers entertained for the summer that won't break me ? 
I can't believe that it is almost summer already ! Anybody have any ideas to keep 3 teenagers busy during the summer that won't break the bank ? 
Love all , trust a few , do wrong to none . –\ 
< PROPFIRST > Shakespeare 
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take , but by the number of moments that take our breath away . 
Good friends are there when you know you need them , remarkamble friends are there when you don't know you need them ! ~ Lauri Clark-Waters ~ Thanks friends ! 
Wish my brain would quit tumbling around in my head trying to catch up with the rest of my head every time I move . I hate having sinusitis . 
It feels good to be there when a youth needs you ! 
Just when you think you have the answers to being a parent , they always surprise you . 
A true friend will be there to pick you up when you fall down , after they first laugh hysterically at you for falling . 
Laundry , Dishes , Scrubbing Floors , Man I hate these household chores ! 
Sacrifice is what you do for those you love without them asking and without waiting for a \thank you \"" 
Life is full of stumbling blocks , stepping stones , and lessons to be learned , but why do I have to scrape my knees and break my toes all along the way ? 
Happy Father's Day to all of the Dads out there , especially my #1 Daddy ! He is the best Dad in the whole world . Love you Daddy wish we could be closer !!! 
Sometimes the small things make a BIG difference 
Ahhh , finally some peace ! Can it be like this all the time ? 
Why is it that one stubborn weed can up-root your whole life plan and fill it with manuer ? 
Whoever is hacking into our pages , deleting people , pictures and profiles is really causing a stir and would be best advised to stop . We will find out who you are and we will prosecute to the fullest !!!! Hacking into other people's pages is ILLEGAL !!! 
Why is it that when men actually get the ball in their hand , they get scared and throw it away , right back into the hands of other team again ? Makes no sense to me ! 
I really enjoyed having time with my husband last night . We don't get time to just go and < PROPFEMALE > out the two of us much , we needed an evening with out the kids desperately , to have dinner together and spend time talking without interupptions . Wish we could have them more often ! I love you < PROPMALE > , and always will ! 
It was a fun evening last night , hanging out with some friends we haven't seen in a while and some that we see more often , playing horse shoes and games . 
OMG I am too old for this drama . Why can't people grow up ! 
Making some sweet cinnamon pickled watermelon rinds . Yummy ! 
Oh , the watermelon pickles turned out great this year ! Too bad it doesn't make but a couple of jars . 
Saw some fireworks , ate some great food , and enjoyed good company , guess that makes a successful 4th of July weekend ! 
Canned tomatoes last night , my first try at this , I hope they turn out good so I can make some homemade salsa soon ! 
Helping my hubby study up for a test . He has been doing really well so far , so proud of him ! :) 
Planning , planning , planning .... I can't believe how much work goes into one little event . 
Lovin havin time to spend with my family 
Oooo , I made Chicken & Black bean enchiladas , and homemade peach cobbler from scratch last night . It was sooo good ! 
Why do teenagers always have to argue ? 
Things have been going well with work , looking forward to the conference coming up at the end of August , got my registration done today ! :) 
I wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake from which I'll ... never part ... God has you in his arms . I have you in my heart . Happy Birthday , Grandma . 
Holy Cow I can't believe the heat ! Heat index high was 112 degrees today , takes your breathe away ! 
Yes , one more week until the kids go to school ! They start on August 2nd 
First day of school is tomorrow , I hope that it eases some of the nerves around here ! 
My baby's not a baby any more , first day in high school today . I hope that it's a good day ! 
The reports are in ... high school is pretty cool , and no trash cans for the freshman ... yet lol ! 
trying to get back in the routine of the school and work year . 
A rotweiller just tried to eat my ferret , I hope he is going to be okay she bit him pretty good . 
Time to get back to work . I have to get my self focused .... aghhh ! 
I can't believe how time flies by and before you know it your moments of indulgence are gone . 
IT'S DAUGHTERWEEK ! ¸ . • *´¯) If you have a daughter who makes yourlife\ 
interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes life\ 
worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status .? \ 
Your daughter will outgrow your lap , but never your ... heart !!!...? 
I can't believe how many things there are to do with 3 teenagers in school . Each one of them has something going on all the time . It's hard to keep up with all of their events and work too ... wow ! 
I am so blessed to have a hard working and loving husband , and a family that has always loved and supported me . I give thanks for the gifts that I have been given , and hope that I can give others the gifts of love that they have shared with me . 
My loving parents have been married for 40 years ! What a blessing they have been to me , and our family . I am so thankful that they have always been there for me . Congratulations and Happy 40th Anniversary Mom & Dad !!! 
Wish I could get over what ever this is that has been feeling so horrible . 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer ... some point in our lives . Show your support- I copy and pasted , will you15 hours ago · Like · 
I am a proud beaming mother . I found out that my daughter was one of few from her high school accepted into the National Honors Technical Society . She just started high school and is already set up with scholarships for college - how awesome is that !!! 
I am glad be home after being gone at a conference for a week . I did learn some great things while I was there though and am excited to share them at work . 
Enjoyed the day with my family . 
I am busy working on new ideas for the upcoming school year for work ! I have such an interesting and fun job . If any body has some great icebreakers or activities to do with teens please share ! 
I can't wait until Friday ! 
Ooh , I am LAZY today . Don't feel like doing much at all , I hear the couch calling my name ! 
Can we have a 5 day weekend and a 2 day work week from now on ? I'm not ready for Monday ! 
Well I may have me a second par t-t ime job to add to my other par t-t ime job , as soon as I get the background paperwork back that is . Same company , two responsibilities . :) Exciting ! 
Had a good weekend even though our team didn't win the high school football game , we still had a good time hanging out with friends and family and watching the game . 
It's Monday , but I have woke up with a new spirit saying this is going to be a productive week ! Keeping my fingers crossed that I don't pass out from the chaos . 
It's amazing ... the power of our minds , bounty comes to those who believe it will . 
I baked homemade chocolate chip cookies , been awhile since I have made them from scratch , but they were oh so good ! 
Trying to do the UN-fun part of my job , all of the reports at the end of the fiscal year ... UGH ! 
So many questions , so few answers . The responses are vague and the betrayal is eminent . What has happened to the trust in life ? 
I am living one day at a time 
I love having good friends ! Thanks for the talk < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dozier 
I'm waiting at the hospital to see what happened to me , don't worry too much its nothing that serious ! 
Enjoying a quiet calm evening with family 
Relaxing on a Saturday , watching movies , and eatin ' nachos with my best girl Chelsi 
Loving the fall breeze when I chill out on the hammock ! 
Didn't sleep to good in the make shift bed/chair last night , stayed overnight at the hospital with < PROPMALE > , he's got pneumonia ! 
It's good to be home and get a good night's rest . I am so glad that < PROPMALE > is feeling better , just hope he doesn't scare me like this again ! 
I don't think I have ever seen my husband sleep this much ! 
I can't stand being a doormat any more ! 
I miss my family back home ! wish I could spend more time with you ! 
Ready to get to work this week ! Excited about all of the activities going on this month ! 
It is opening weekend for hunting and I hope my husband brings home meat to put in the freezer ! I'm ready for some fresh dear meat ! 
Wait for it ....... Wait for it ....... I WIN !!! 
Some good news ... I start the second component of my job on November 2 . I am a little nervous it's completely new to me , teaching to the youth at the detention center . 
Getting ready for an exciting week at work , our busiest week of the year . I hope I survive this again ! 
I had a good day , working with the youth and hopefully having an impact on their future , always makes me feel good !!! :-) 
this is chelsi and she says her momma is awesome lol :) 
Eating < PROPFEMALE > and hanging out with friends ... Happy Halloween ! 
I love spending time with my daughter , she is such a blessing in my life ! I love you @Chelsi < PROPMALE > 
It's Monday and I am back to the grind , had an awesome weekend with my family . Particularly enjoyed listening to < PROPFIRST > Smith play Saturday night . 
Stayed up late making our own deer meat link sausage and homemade deer jerky , but it was worth it , it is so yummy ! 
I was so nervous about my new job , I started today teaching alternative classes to the youth at the Regional Youth Detention Center . It was very emotionally draining , but I survived . I think it will be a good thing now that I have broken the ice . 
Gotta get ready to go to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow , but I have no idea what to expect at this training . 
Got to < PROPFEMALE > safely , angels rode on my bumpers ! :) 
Made it Home , safe and sound . 
Wow it got cold all of a sudden ! Time to break out the extra blankets , heaters and wool socks ! 
Watching the Back To The Future trilogy ! Been a few years since I first watched these movies . The things they predicted would happen in 2015 ... hover craft skateboards , flying cars , and self tying shoes ... LOL ! 
Ahhh , Monday ... gotta love them ! NOT 
Laying on couch with my sick baby girl after teaching class this morning ! 
The weather is crazy ... cold one day and hot the next ! I guess it's flu season ... AGHH 
Thanks to every one of our military men and women who have served our country in the past or present - fighting for our freedom and protecting the lives of the innocent . 
Interesting weekend ! We helped with Special Olympics last night and had a good turn in at the Medicine Drop this morning . Processing deer meat at home , more Special Olympics tonight and I hope to see my friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dozier tomorrow ! 
I hate it when you wait 2 weeks to get a paycheck and it's gone is less than 6 hours and you don't even get to do anything fun with it , just pay bills ! 
Cold , cold , go away , don't invade my body or come back any other day either ! 
Ugh , 2 1/2 more days until the weekend . 
Energy and Persistence conquer all things ! ~ Benjamin < PROPMALE > 
So glad it's Friday , that means I get to spend time with my hubby this weekend ... when he's not hunting lol ! 
I am craving some cookie dough ice cream .... yum yum ! 
I HATE pollen !!! It makes my head hurt ! 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone . We have so much to be thankful for ; our freedom , our families , good friends , and above all love . I hope all of you have many blessings today ! 
With new opportunity , comes bigger responsibility ! 
I shouldn't have to run the air conditioner in December ! 
Join the fight against child abuse !!!! Change your profile pic to your fav cartoon character to bring back the childhood memories ! The goal is to have no human profile pics by the 6th ! Spread this status to all your friends and join the cause !! 
Going on a trip tomorrow for more training ... woo hoo so excited for that drive ... yep , no sarcasm there ! 
Today's training went better than I thought it would go ! I'm tired and exhausted ready to go to bed now ! LOL 
I am sick and tired of being sick and tired ! 
Sending prayers and angels to guide and watch over my mom today ! Love you bunches ! 
PLEASE HELP ! My friend's mom was involved in a hit and run on 12/13/10 around 4:30 p.m. It happened in the parking lot at the Market Place in < PROPFEMALE > . She was hit by a small silver car . It was being driven by a white female with short spikey brown hair . The person was also wearing black framed glasses . The silver call will have damage on the driver's side on the rear wheel . REWARD OFFERED !!!! 
Tomorrow is Friday ... Yeah ! I am excited for the weekend ! 
We had a fabulous weekend ! I couldn't have asked for much better group of yo < PROPFEMALE > g < PROPFEMALE>'s to < PROPFEMALE > out with ! Love ya'll 
I can't believe the weekend went by so fast , I guess that is what happens when you are having so much fun ! 
Looking forward to taking the kids to the clubhouse tomorrow ! 
The spirit of < PROPFEMALE > lives inside of us ! Sharing and caring for other is what the holiday season is all about . May you all be blessed and have a wonderful CHRISTmas ! 
Watching the snow fall ( in < PROPFEMALE > ) through the window ... such a beautiful sight ! 
Men say that there is no guide for women , but I sure wish I had a guide about men ! 
Good day shopping with the kids yesterday . Played cards and laughed so hard ! It has been a more fun break from school than I expected . One more week to go , more fun in store ?! 
I can't believe 2010 will be over tomorrow evening ! Lots of memories to < PROPFEMALE > for this year ! 
Getting used to my new phone figured out how together on Facebook doing good so far lol 
Drama , Drama , Drama ... I hate it ! 
I am glad that we all survived the holiday season again . I am looking forward to all of the kids going back to school and gaining back some energy so I can do more work when they go back too ! 
Tried to win 355 million but our < PROPFIRST > didn't fall dangit 
I have been building a wall around myself for all of my life , and just as I start to let it down , something comes in and hurts me again , so it goes back up with reinforcements . 
I don't want to care sometimes because I don't want to get hurt . I am who I am because of where I have been , and what I have done . It's not easy to let go or to earn trust ! 
OK , OK , OK I am OK , promise ! 
We get a surprise delivered sometime today ! WooHoo , I am so excited ! 
Please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you know has or had cancer . My hope is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for just one hour ..? RIP Uncle < PROPMALE > ! 
Pay it forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . However , to be eligible , you must repost this status , offering the same thing to 5 other people . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . Ready , set , GO ! 
Brrrr ! It's cold around here ! Yuck ! When does spring arrive again ? 
My husband surprised me with two new gifts this week ! New bedroom furniture and a four wheeler . How great is he ? Also he found his wedding ring that he lost in a dirt road over 6 months ago , still in the same place after he lost it due to getting soaked in diesel . What an exciting week , thanks babe I love you !!! 
BROTHER'S WEEK !!!! If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you can't live without .... copy and paste this to your status . ? you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !! 
Yep , a good day ! 
Ate some low country boil , rode 4 wheelers , enjoyed a warm bon-fire , < PROPMALE > out with all the kids ( all 10 of them ) , enjoyed family time , played bowling on the Wii , watched movies , grilling chicken tonight , this has been a fun weekend ! 
Thank God for long weekends , time to re-cooperate ! :) 
If you do it 10 days out of 12 does that make it an addiction ? LOL , Think we got addicted to Wii bowling ! 
A room full of teenagers = CHAOS !!! My hats off to all those teachers who do it everyday ! 
When you stay home and try to fake sick from school , that doesn't mean a free day to lay on the couch and watch TV or play video games and eat everything you see ! 
ISS for PDA ??? ROTFLMBO 
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha ... I'm feeling a little tenacious and ferocious ! 
Girl's Night ... WooHoo !!! 
Happy Happy Friday :) 
Laying by the pond wearing a tank top with a fishing pole by my side love relaxing on Sundays 
What a weird day !!! Bitter but accomplished !!! 
I loved you the minute I heard you were coming . I loved you the minute you were born ; then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life . 
My baby turns 15 tomorrow , look out driver's services here we come , gonna take the test to get her permit . 
What a great Friday hope rest of day goes this well so glad my boss is awesome and understanding and I have a great husband 
Well it was a nice weekend , spent time with my girl for her birthday , hate that tomorrow is Monday :( 
I am ready to have a relaxing weekend on a beach somewhere warm . 
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Finally figured out all the backwards settings on my computer to get the WiFi connected at home , maybe I have some smart tart in me after all . 
This has been a beautiful warm day , up to 71 degrees today . I love the feel of the warm sunshine , maybe spring is on the way ! 
I am setting out for a great day ! So many things to do after I get done with my class . So excited to have fun this weekend , Saturday and Sunday , just wish it wasn't supposed to rain all day tomorrow ! 
If u play CityVille please add my cousin-in-law < PROPFIRST > Waters ?? Please 
I am glad someone had the idea to go to < PROPFEMALE > today . It was fun just exploring ! 
Getting the < PROPFEMALE > of playing the drums for Wii , too much fun , < PROPMALE > won't let any of us even try the guitar though ! 
We made a yummy superbowl spread , I think that's been my favorite part of the game ha ha leave it to the fat kid to like the food best ! 
My computer got sick it has a virus so I have to take it to the Dr for some medicine and it has to stay overnight , I'm sure it will be lonely without me . 
Computer in shop phone picks up network sometimes so may be a whole before I see what's going on 
Waiting forever to get a < PROPFIRST > to bowl st the clubhouse 
Frustrated that they still haven't got my computer fixed . Said it would only take a day , and we are going on a week now . How irritating ! 
All the little things in life can be so frustrating . I wish my headache would go away ! 
Big thanks to < PROPFIRST > Waters for letting me borrow her computer while mine is still in the shop . Hopefully I can get mine back soon , so she can use her's too ! 
I am so happy , I have MY computer back , it's about dang time !!! :) 
It was way too nice of a day to be cooped up in a room for training today . :( I didn't get to enjoy any of it , it was dark when I had a 2 hour drive home ! 
I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what i think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled .. So what , go ahead and label me , see if i care . Repost this if you're proud of who you are !!!! 
Had a great time today ! Got to spend time with some great people , and my husband is happy too !!! :) 
The weather has been gorgeous ! I wish it would stay like this ALL year long !!! 
I am re-posting this from - < PROPFEMALE > Wells-Photography , She is in SE < PROPFEMALE > :) \ 
Do you know someone who deserves a break ? Someone who maybe wants to have a photography session but can't afford it ? Maybe someone with such an inspiring story that they deserve a gift of a free session ??? Message me for details ! I'm giving away 2 free FULL sessions this spring . I love inspirational stories ! :) 
If it's not one of the children it's the other .... ughh , motherhood is tough work !!! 
Glad that it is Friday , hope it stays nice this weekend , I may find a good book to read while laying out in the hammock . :) 
Had fun this weekend , playing in the mud with the boys and having family time . I even adopted me two more sons :) 
Headed to town , run some errands and off to do some work , Yippie ! 
Too many little details to keep track of in the game of Life ! 
I am so glad it is Friday . This has been a long and complicated week !!! I hope the weekend is relaxing . 
Sometimes things don't always add up . The pile is getting so deep I'm going to need to get some wading boots before long . 
I can't wait to get away on a nice ride to a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > quiet beach ! 
New Facebook game :\ 
Use the letters in my name and describe me with adjectives .... \ 
Let's see who can make me laugh ... \ 
( then repost to your status ) 
On our way out to sea . Can't wait to catch some big fish ! 
Re-post if you are a proud parent . Name , gestation , labor type , weight & date of birth :-) \ 
\ 
<3 Chelsi < PROPFEMALE > Clark\ 
39 weeks\ 
Five hour hard labor , no drugs , natural\ 
7 lbs , 12.9 oz\ 
1-29-96\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Waters\ 
My step-child , someone else's labor :) \ 
11-2-94\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Waters\ 
My step-child , someone else's labor\ 
10-2-96 
I have realized that I am blessed in many ways . Life doesn't always go our way , but when we look at the disasters in loved one's lives and around the world , we should be thankful we are alive and for what we do have ! :) 
Got a busy day ! Don't know when I signed up to be a taxi cab driver , guess when I became a mom , huh ! 
Well despite being a little cold yesterday , it was a great day ! I think softball on Sundays is going to be our thing for the next month or so . We always welcome new players , come join us ! 
Watching my kids and their friends play Just Dance 2 ... OMG it's hilarious , LMBO !!! 
It has been a beautiful day . Not only has the weather been enough to make me smile , but my work day has been smooth and productive . I wish every day went this well ! :) 
Our kids and a couple of their friends were in an ATV accident yesterday . < PROPMALE > Easton and < PROPFIRST > McKinney were taken to the hospital . < PROPMALE > was released , nothing too serious , but < PROPFIRST > was taken to < PROPFEMALE > for surgery on a broken femur . Please pray for him to have a smooth surgery and a quick recovery ! Our kids are scraped , bruised and sore , but are fine . 
Banana 
Glad that it's Friday , looking forward to a relaxing weekend ! 
The weak can never forgive . Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong . – Mahatma Ghandi 
I seriously can't stand stupid people !!! 
Sitting at home peacefully watching a movie with my daughter . I love mommy daughter time !!! 
We are heading out to play softball in about an hour . We are playing in Brooklet today at 11:00 , come out and join us , bring the family ! 
Trying to catch up on some reports ... ugh ! My least favorite part of my job is all of the paperwork ! 
How am I supposed to put data in when the stupid webpage keeps crashing ??? Frustrated !!! 
Wow my kids are talented . Watching them play Rock Band 3 , they are getting higher scores that the adults get . Never underestimate our youth ! :) 
No motivation . Can I go back to bed yet ? 
Where oh where did my lil phone go ? 
Things that may you go hmmmm !!!! 
Zach says , I was dreaming , and my mom gave me a baby ... lmbo the look on his face was pricelss , big eyes and all ! 
