Bite me , bitches ! 

does not want to go back to work tomorrow !!! 
http://www.regiftable.com/regiftingrobinpopup.html This is creeping me out !!! 
has to work from 315 to 1015 in Havre De Grace . 
is tired . . . 
has to go to work again at 315 
I wish that < PROPMALE > collectors would just starting giving me money instead of asking for mine . 
is going to lunch with my sister < PROPFEMALE > , stepdad < PROPMALE > , and my hubby ! 
Jojoba 
is feeling super smart today !!! 
So aggravated !!! Was going to take picture of my stick figure family made of twisty ties but my camera is dead ! 
thinking about going to the hospital after work . My stomach still hurts ! 
saw a license plate that said \LASAGNA\ " on the way home from work . haha " 
just took the hubby out to dinner and went grocery shopping . Now doing stupid school work ! 
My husband is my best friend but he drives me crazy sometimes ! 
Did you say \You're an eight\ " or \ " Urinate \"?" 
got a new phone ! If you want the number , send me a message . 
I know you're jealous of my last name ! hehe 
I got my car yesterday !!! 
is tired of absent minded people ! I miss being chauffered around . 
Today is my 1 year anniversary ! I can't believe I've been married a whole year already ! 
Getting my industrial pierced today ! 
Got my industrial pierced earlier . It hurt like a bitch ! 
Speaking English with an accent is not going to help any non-English speaking people understand you . It just makes you look stupid . 
Bitch , keep talking shit . We'll see who comes out on top . 
So tired . I was actually tired enough to debate wrecking my car to get out of working . 
If masturbation is a sin , why did God make your arms long enough to reach it ? 
Stupid bitches never learn . 
I've learned that arguing with the clinically insane will get you nowhere . 
Just donated blood . Work from 3:15 to 10:15 . Got a new number . If you want it , send me a message . 
I really hope it doesn't snow at all ! I have to work all weekend ! 
Moving tomorrow ! I can't wait ! I really hope it doesn't rain . Going to do my walk through now , then to work . 
if you have a wonderful husband that works hard to provide for you and would do just about anything for you and your family , repost this as your status and give all the hardworking men out there the recognition they deserve ... because great family men are few and far between ! 
My fish , Spud , is so weird . He won't really eat . All he does is float around in the food that I put in his bowl and then he follows it when it sinks . WTH ?! 
All of that bull shit and I still can't get directv ! 
I've killed one spider with a Pillsbury Cookie Mix box and another , just now , with a sunflower plate . What a week ! Me - 2 ; Spiders - 0 
\I can't even do ' Balls on The Walls ' or whatever ! \"" 
Getting ready to go to work . I would much rather stay home cause I really don't feel good . 
is very happy that my BGE < PROPMALE > didn't brutally rape my cash flow . 
is finally getting cable ! Yay for Comcast ! 
Time to hide the nails and sticky < PROPFEMALE > ers ! < PROPMALE > was going crazy < PROPFEMALE > ing stuff earlier . I had to stop him from trying to < PROPFEMALE > tennis rackets on the wall !!! 
I'm thinking about taking my Industrial out . I've had it since November and I don't think it's healing the way it should . :( 
I just got 11 inches cut off my hair !!! 
Some random guy just messaged me and asked if I had \Huggies\ " at my house . WTF ?! " 
I had to take my Industrial out today because Nicks necklace got wrapped around it and he pulled away and my ear was bleeding everywhere . I couldn't get it to stop . I may repierce it in a couple weeks . 
I love my new phone ! 
This past weekend sucked . Hopefully something good happens today to make up for it . :) 
I hate it when my neighbors don't pay their Comcast < PROPMALE > . 
I like turning on my high beams when I pass people that have fluorescent headlights so they know how it feels to be partially blinded while driving . 
Everywhere I look I see \Flo\ " from those stupid Progressive commercials . It's starting ... http://chatter.com/a/5qmfi?ref=nf " 
I'm so tired but , I can't fall asleep . 
I feel bad that you're such a loser , but you do it to yourself . 
is having the worst day ever ! 
Going to my Dad's house for dinner :) 
Home relaxing . Dinner at my Dad's was great . He makes the best salmon and < PROPFEMALE > Brandt makes the best Birthday Cake !!! 
I love grilled cheese ! 
I just burnt myself with a wet noodle :( 
Bel Air traffic sucks !!! 
I really don't understand how people manage to get hit byt trains . 
Watching Gladiator . 
I love when my husband spends Sunday rubbing my feet and singing to me :D 
I cannot believer that woman actually snarled at me . 
My husband is amazed that I can fit my arm in a Pringle can . 
I just applied to < PROPFEMALE > Arundel County for a position as a Police Officer ! Wish me luck !!! 
I have court on the 1st and then court again in July on the 14th . I feel like I'm at the court house every month ! 
It's gonna be a long day tomorrow . I guess I should try to get some sleep . 
I have to be in Towson at 845 tomorrow morning and I am still awake . :( 
Finally home from training . I have a lot of appointments to do tomorrow and < PROPFEMALE > Corral with mom and < PROPFEMALE > . 
\Hold on little critter . He's a light sleeper . \ " lmao " 
Had five appointments today and just finished putting in my first 3 orders !!! Going to bed . More training tomorrow . 
Backstabber . 
Sex , Drugs , and Cocoa Puffs . Amazing . 
Watching my favorite movie : Resident Evil . 
If you're going to talk to me , please do so without motorcycle sound effects . 
my moms side of the family is not normal . 
Court tomorrow morning . I definitely think it's inhumane to make people wake up early for that . 
Worst headache ever ! 
\The best way out is always through . \"" 
Sock tans make me laugh . 
I kidnapped my little sister for the weekend :) 
My sister is my hero ! Hoorah ! See you in September < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I want to repierce my Industrial but there's no way I'm doing it myself ! Anyone want to do it for me ??? 
WTF is a \biscuit report ? \"" 
Working both jobs today . I just woke up and I'm exhausted already . 
I finally got a letter back from A.A. County Police Department ! I go to take the written exam on the 26th !!!! 
I hate Monday's . 
I love the smell of hot dogs on a grill and the sound of Shiny Toy Guns ! :D 
I can't wait till saturday ! I will finally be able to sleep in !!! 
All of my bills are due at the end/very beginning of the month . I swear these companies collaborate their billing cycles just to piss me off ! 
I put the STD in STUD . All I need is U . 
I love money ! :D 
Just got home from taking my written exam for AACoPD ! Going to do the agility test on the 23rd ! Can't wait ! 
I hope you go to jail . 
does anyone know where I can get a doctors physical for cheap ? I don't have health insurance and I need the appointment before the 23rd . 
I work both jobs tomorrow . I could really use a day off . 
I'm in LOVE with < PROPMALE > Farms coffee ! 
The world can't end in 2012 because I have canned goods that expire in 2013 . 
I'm selfish , impatient and a little insecure . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst , then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . 
hmmmmm . Debating on whether or not I should bother going to court wednesday . On one hand , it could be entertaining , but on the other hand I really don't give a shit . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a bitch . 
\Did you see him licking that chip at you like ' Whatcha doin' ? ' \ " lmao " 
< PROPFEMALE > Fly Swatter Hands is a no-go . 
Love is our resistance . 
I GOT A LETTER FROM MY SISTER !!!! 
I really need to even out my drivers tan . 
Spud died :( 
I love you Spudly . Rest in peace little < PROPMALE > . 7/27/10 . 
Going to my dad's house for dinner :) 
I'm ready to go home ! I work more than I do anything else . 
Going to the Inner Harbor in the morning with < PROPMALE > ! 
\Stop making love and buy a tv ! \"" 
Had a great time today with < PROPFEMALE > Shaughnessy ! Thanks for lunch babe ! Now , I'm gonna watch some Xena : Warrior < PROPFEMALE > until I have to work tonight . 
Migraines are a bitch . 
The world really is a small place . 
New dishwasher :D 
I love my husband dearly , but if he wakes me up one more time tonight singing Ke$ha , I might have to kill him . 
Why am I still awake ?! I'm so tired , yet I can't sleep . 
I can't wait until September 10th !!! 
I wish I could post the smell of my house on facebook cause it smells AMAZING !!! 
My sister is home !!!!! 
Damn Red Cross ! They sucker me in everytime ! 
Dearest < PROPFIRST > Bieber , \ 
Your concert going fans inconvenienced my drive home with a catastrophic traffic jam . Although I am a fan , I would appreciate it if the next time you perform in < PROPFEMALE > , you would do so in an area that I do not have to travel through . \ 
Thanks . 
Common sense is no longer common . 
I'm soooooo excited for tomorrow morning . I finally get to see my sister !!! 
I spent all day at MVA and now I'm at work until 11:15 . I'm never going to get sleep ! 
I need to sleep !!! Work 1 to 9 later today . 
I would definitely love to see Resident Evil : Afterlife 3D again ! It was amazing ! 
Never a dull moment . I just witnessed a drunk driving accident and because I stopped to render aid , I will probably have to sacrifice another day of my life to sit in a court room . 
It's been a good week so far . I finally heard back from Baltimore County FD and I'm getting a bigger TV on Saturday ! 
Enjoyed some Buffalo Muffalo at work today with Joy Over-Gobbel . Yum ! 
Apparently , when you cook a whole chicken , you're supposed to remove the guts that are left inside . Nobody told me . My chicken was shitting itself out . 
I saw this bumper sticker today and I want one !!! It said , \BAD COP ! - NO DONUT !!! \ " I've been pulled over 3 times in less than 6 months ! " 
Spending time with my Bitch Muffin . Work in the A.M. :( 
I cannot wait for the premier of \The Walking Dead\ " on Sunday !!! " 
I really need to go to bed . 
The Walking Dead was amazing :) 
I'm madly in anger with you . 
Two years ago today I married the love of my life . I love him more and more with each passing moment . Hoping for many more happy years to come . 
I don't think I've ever been this excited to spend Thanksgiving with my family ! 
Out for the night with < PROPMALE > . Going to see < PROPMALE > Potter ! :D 
Just got off work . Going to meet the family at valley view farms . 
Court . Again . 
I hate when girls lie about being pregnant . Seriously ? Grow up . 
Xena : Warrior < PROPFEMALE > marathon :) 
Haz-Mat at Redbox ? What the hell ? 
Going to my little sisters dance recital !!! 
I HATE THE SNOW !!! 
Keep your fingers crossed for LOTS of ice and snow by early tomorrow morning ! 
I'm in need of a well earned vacation ! So , < PROPMALE > collectors , feel free for the next few months to send me money rather than charge me more ! 
