My neck is stupid and I hate restrictions 

Holy crap did I get some sun today 
MMMM ribs and corn on the cob need I say more 
Fulltilt is janky right now and its pissing me off 
I don't want to work at least I TMA all weekend for PM's 
is ready for work I got a nap , I took a shower , and am ready to roll 
Time for bed then back to work :( 
wants to sleep sooooooooooo bad 
Headin to another night of work ugh 
Is sleepy oh so sleepy looking like another week of restrictions ggggrrrrr 
Seriously am on the second viewing of \Annie\ " this morning and I think its a Hard Knock Life for < PROPFEMALE > " 
Poker Party tonight !!!!!! 
Grrr explain to me how three night shifters are on restrictions , seriously I better be off of them tomorrow this is stupid 
10 years later and back to < PROPMALE > I go 
Exhaustion is taking over quickly and I have a Dr appointment to finally get off restrictions in 30 minutes uggg I want to sleep 
I don't want to take my test I want to nap 
MY TIRED !!!! 
Time for a nap and up at 1 for class uggh 
Damn you Gen . Bio damn you !!! 
Thank you Mrs. Claus for the Cookie money 
mmmm time for night night 
I love it when my man cooks for me 
Yeah its off to work I go cause people can't seem to find there way there . 
I have the cutest damn kids :) 
Black and cream 
Okay enough playing time for bed goodnight all 
Omg must go pass out I worked NOC last night had class at 9am and at 2pm must go to sleep nowand work at ten ugg 
Thank god no class till 6:30 tonight time for a snuggle with my boys 
Ahh feels so nice to be off work gonna make my man some stirfry and crab raggoon yum yum 
Alright I give my personal opinion on it everyone wants to blame favre but in the end the coach make the calls is it really that hard to kick a damn field goal come on I still love ya vikes but come on 
Don't stop till you get enough right ?! 
Is loving all the birthday love next year is the year the big 30 
Nap time then off to work I go 
Seriously how the hell do your adnoids grow back ... 3 times now and massive throat infection because of it for dumb 
Thank God for kick ass friends and family sure makes six hours in the ER go by quick 
gggr start of the four days in a row sometimes doing 12's really sucks 
Drunken dobouchery is my friend 
Off to cleaning I go 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! DO NOT join the group that runs currently on facebook with the title \becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " This is a group created by pedophiles whose aim is to access your photos !!!!!!! Please copy & paste this to your status and pass it round ...... before someone's photo is used inappropriate " 
I hate being sick this is rediculous 
Lol good to see my daughter is socializing with all her farmville buddies 
Back in the Day buffet and more to come 
I have a plan of attack for the evening it involves hunting this bottle of wine and killing it lol 
My last baby is 3 today :) Stop growing so damn fast 
uhg should take nap before work don't want to 
Oh what a beautiful morning oh what a beautiful day Everythings going my way . Nothing like going to discuss pornography at nine am after working twelve hours this should be interesting :) 
To sleep , perchance to dream- ay , there's the rub . 
Good morning everyone , lots of things to do today grocery shopping , pack clothes for the girls , < PROPMALE > Dary presentation , then A&P quiz tonight ! 
grrr class for the next 5 hours yuck 
This little momma is going back to bed , no munchkins time to catch up on some zzz''s 
Time for work .... blah its gonna rock got my favorite partner !!! 
Nothin like rockin out to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Ethritdge at 6 am 
We can dance if you want to hehehe Happy Easter all !!!! 
Hi ho Hi ho its off to work I go to wipe some butt and have some fun hiho hiho 
My Lilybug is 4 today yeah !!!! 
Studying makes < PROPFEMALE>'s heart sad :( 
What a great day grillin for grillin at < PROPFEMALE>'s and jumpin on the tramp yippppeeeee 
Fresh air and good friends does a body good 
What an awesome weekend , gonna be tough going back to school tommorrow 
Time to get ready for A&P grrrrr 
Time to drink wine and do homework the best way to get work done lol 
Morning comes way to quickly 
Yippee I get to help < PROPMALE > clean the garage I rock !!! 
Going shopping with < PROPFEMALE > today hehehe 
Enough of being a girl for the day to time get my booty to class . 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has cancer or has had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? ? April is cancer awareness month 
Grrr time to get ready for work 4 days of fun filled madness 
Goodnight folks gotta be back up for work at 2pm yuck 
Ugh I'm awake and time to go back to work 
Sometimes I wonder why my brain thinks the things it thinks 
I sat grrr to work 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how you met me . Answer mine , then repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can really be in 9 hours . This could get scary hehehe 
If you like pina colada's and getting caught in the rain if your not into yoga if you have half a brain if you like making love at midnight in the dunes of the sand write to me and escape ..... I love the radio lol 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you thru thick and thin , love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall ( and give you a much needed dose of reality or swift kick in the butt if necessary ) then copy and post this . He or she will know who they are !! And you better know who you are ! 
Gets to go on a date with her man first time ever going to a movie together sad I know lol 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you thru thick and thin , love you unconditionally even with all your faults and be the first one there to pick you up when you fall ( and give you a much needed dose of reality or swift kick in the butt if necessary ) then copy and post this . He or ... she will know who they are !! And you better know who you are ! 
Drinkin beers with my mom what could be better :) 
I need someone to work tonight I'm stranded in Wheaton my car died . If anyone can do any part of the 6-6 that would be great . 
is so ready to go home and sleep in her bed one more night in Wheaton 
To all who think I'm ignoring them cause I haven't texted back I forgot my charger in St. Cloud and my battery is dead I will send you all love later lol 
How do you blow out the 3rd and 4th gear in a transmission 
Finally home and have a new < PROPFIRST > YEAH 
Work meeting today yeah 
A&P is not my friend 
Will be so happy when Finals are over 
First A&P final down 1 to go first glass of wine down a few to go lol ! 
Going out to sing some karioke at MT's tonight come on down the more the merrier ! 
Off to Wheaton to see my mama !! Happy mothers day to all my lovely ladies . 
Ahhhh finally home time to catch up on Grey's 
Studying all day you'll have to text me to find me ! LAST FINAL YES ! 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness , it is\ 
a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . ? Put this\ 
as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will\ 
you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most won't , \ 
but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at somepoint\ 
in our lives 
I passed A&P BOOYA 
Heading to < PROPFEMALE>'s for fire and beers . 
Going to lunch with my girl , then out with the man tonight ! Should be an awesome day 
Off to running aces . 
I'm not aware of too many things I know what I know if you know what I mean . 
Swear to God I'm gonna piss myself watching Grey's 
Note to self wrap ankle before rollarblading !!!! 
What an awesome weekend , had so much fun with < PROPFEMALE > and JJ during the days and partied like a rockstar at night ! 
So tired must go night night ! 
I forgot how fun going to wheaton can be ! Had a blast and actually got to < PROPFEMALE > out with some pretty kick ass people . Time to get back to the grind of real life . 
Time for bed , class at noon , must sleeeeeeeeep ! 
Whew made it to class on time amazing ! 3 hours of sleep and now have to tackle A&P I'm pretty sure I can feel my brain cringing ! 
Whatever the theories may be of woman's dependence on man , in the supreme moments of her life he can not bear her burdens . 
mmmmm very sleepy bed is calling sweet dreams to me ! 
Bridal and Bachlorette party today WOOT WOOT !!!! 
I'm alive !!!! yeah ! 
Rain Rain go away come back when I work this weekend ! 
My son is more like me than I ever would have expected 6 years old , 1st grade missed the bus so instead of walking home he decided he would play in the yard and just skip school . Finally came in an hour later and told us this whole line of BS got the real story from him and informed him he was either going to school or stuck home doing chores with dad needless to say school sounded pretty good after that ! 
Ah , I've finally learned the meaning of life in ethics \it doesn't matter who you have sex with only who you fall in love with\ " Amen ! " 
45 minutes to first AP II test , I love beating my head into a wall ! 
Can't believe the wedding is less than two weeks away where did the time go ?! 
Find out my AP test score today !!!! 
Grrr still no test score 
My bed is saying come hither ! 
I'm off to do a 3 hours shift so silly !! 
Two more days and it's gonna be crazy !!!! 
What an amazing weekend , can't believe it came and went so fast . My baby brother is a married man 
is sick of being sick going to the doc in the morning this is rediculous ! 
I'm a spacebound rocketship and your heart is the < PROPFEMALE > and I'm aiming right at you 
Cough , cough cough go the f away ! 
Five years and counting !! 
Repost\ 
this if you have a wonderful man who helps balance your world , \ 
who isn't perfect but is perfect for you , who works hard & would\ 
do anything for you , who makes you laugh , who is your best friend , who\ 
you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for everyday !!! 
Work Work Work grrr 
Sooooooo tired want sleep 
Ahhhh finally back to bed , then work tonight , < PROPFIRST > in the morning and kids gone for the weekend Yeah ! peace and quiet 
Everyday I'm hustlin !!! 
Ugh this weekend needs to just end work halloween work work work grrrrrrr Can't even enjoy the holiday 
Going on a date with my favorite man tonight .... and yes that is < PROPMALE > ! lol 
Gonna be a long day not gonna go to bed today too much crap to do ! 
Up for 28 hours slept for 6 time to rock it out all over again ! 
Grrr pretty sure I have said \stop fighting\ " at least 50 times in the last hour !!!! " 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; courage to change the things I can ; and wisdom to know the difference . \ 
Just got to keep telling myself you can do this ! 
Good day to curl up and watch some Toy Story 3 with the kids then time for the work weekend 
Feelin so fly like a G6 
I studied AP all day now drunk and happy go me 
Still love my Vikings but today was pathetic ... is there some rule that Favre can't run the ball did I miss that memo wtf 
AP test done childress fired what a good day ! 
Running poker at our place tonight just a little 5 dollar game hit me up if you want to play 
Had a great Thanksgiving , so much food leftover thank God we have a big family we'll be eating turkey dinner for a week ! 
must remind self sleep is my friend ! 
I know it's been awhile so I thought I would just mention how Awesome I am ! 
My daughter is officially too big she is chatting on the phone to her friend ... damn I remember when I would do that reminds me of days when I would sit on the phone with my friends for hours and talk about absolutly nothing ... wait I still do that lol ! 
Hey all it's < PROPMALE>'s birthday today ! We'll be going to Mexican Village for supper about 5:30 Come help us celebrate !! 
First A&P test of two today , reproduction I think I have that mastered lol !! 
Took my last AP test ever feel good time to party it up tonight ! 
Three A's and one C so close to a B in AP I could taste it ah well all that matters is I passed and my GPA went up all hurdles passed time to apply to the nursing program ! 
Can't wait to get my girls back today ! Been missing them like crazy ! 
Whose the moron that thought taking micro and chemistry the same semester was a good plan .... oh ya that moron would be me .... see you again this summer dreamland 
I have a kick ass boyfriend I have been an absolute basket case the last 2 days , managed to lock my keys in my < PROPFIRST > while at school in which case he had to walk to meet me with the spare , then I fell in the stupid snow thank god for level headed reliable < PROPMALE > ! I heart you lol 
Booooo I don't want to be a Capricorn wtf ever I'll always be an aquarious at heart ! 
Roberts Christmas today Yeah !!!!!!! 
Let the Dirty 30 begin !!!!!! Hope to see everyone on Saturday ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes can't wait to woop it up on Saturday !! 
Got the Lexi girl and it is finally time for sleep then back to work at 10 ... I love 36 hour days with only a two hour nap ... Gogo gadget autobed ! 
Super ecxited for my party tonight hope to see everyone !!!!!! 
Had a blast last night ! Such awesome people came to celebrate with me .... now back to the grind . 
