Okay went snowboarding yesterday ... kept running over children , it was pretty fun . 

never give up , never surrender . ? 
anyone have crack ? 
<(\)" 
somewhere under the rainbow . hand me an umbrella its about to get dicy . 
somewhere under the rainbow . hand me an umbrella its about to get dicey . 
Music is beyond awesome , It tends to give me butterflies , which is bitchin ... ;D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > scares me . 
In life , what comes around goes around , and if your lucky might just come around again . 
I hate the show planet earth . just sayin :) 
... is so restless !!! 
Contemplating World Domination . 
Shaw-t . That is my chinese name . :) 
\write on my walls dear children \"" 
\Skip da laptop ... it's runnin ' Vista . But grab dem Sinatra CDs ... and anything else layin ' around . \"" 
Does history guide you , or do you set out to change it ? 
\why are there aliens there ? \ " \ " because they wanna make love in da club . \"" 
For this I see , that we , all we that live , Are but vain shadows , unsubstantial dreams . - Sophocles 
If life were fair , < PROPMALE > would be alive and the impersonators would be dead . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I LOVE THE PROPOSAL !!! ugh . it was great ! 
Our whole life is solving puzzles . ~ Erno Rubik 
< PROPFEMALE > AND WONDERLAND TODAY !!!!!!!!! WISH ME LUCK .. IDK WHY ? YEEAH BOIIII 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland was pretty SWEEEEEET ! 
You know what i want to know ? Why are hamburgers called hamburgers , there is not a shread of ham in there !? 
how do you paint a cloud ? 
The hair is the richest ornament of women . ~ Martin < PROPMALE > 
Go for it now . The future is promised to no one . ~ Wayne Dyer 
i feel change turning ... 
I LOVE AIRSOFT WARS AND X-BOX ! 
HAPPY EASTER !!!!! I LOVE YOU ! 
you know what i think ? i like the assorted jelly beans , its worth the risk of getting a crappy one . i just LOVE the surprise when i dont :) 
What will do , when your standing with death , what will you say ? Will you have this hollow incomplete feeling like you forgot something ? Like something is missing but you cant put your finger on it ? 
We might as well be strangers . 
And shepherds we shall be , For Thee , my Lord , for Thee . Power hath descended forth from Thy hand , That our feet may swiftly < PROPFEMALE > out Thy command . So we shall flow a river forth to Thee And teeming with souls shall it ever be . In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti . -Boondock Saints 
This is a test from the emergency alert system . 
Brain ???.... Pinky ??? 
Lions , tigers , and bears , ftw 
bite the bullet . 
How people treat you is their < PROPFEMALE > ; how you react is yours . ~ Wayne Dyer 
Its something we all recognize but dont realize . 
Thinking about butterflies . 
A poet can survive everything but a misprint . < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
Save it all . 
What ;s on your mind ? 
~ What's on your mind ? ~ 
I hate it when you speak your mind to someone , who pisses you off and then they go and erase themselves off of Facebook with-out replying . Ridiculous ! 
F11 anyone ??? 
Bueller ? Bueller ? Bueller ? Bueller ? Bueller ? 
Ready for an adventure . 
Going on a treasure hunt . 
Tired fo this life , let us make a new one ? 
This is the future . 
HAPPY BIRTHDY LOVE OF MY LIFE !!! 
Save me , I'm lost . 
Show me what im looking for . 
The world really is a big place . 
Tell me a story .... 
Close your eyes ... It's off to never never land . 
I hope life isn’t a joke , because I don’t get it . 
Your out of your mind .... thats between me and my mind . 
Is tired of stupidity . 
When will it end ? 
Everyday is a new day . I'm thankful for every breath I take . 
Who do you love ? 
I should have gotten more pictures ........... 
RIDICULOUS and PREPOSTEROUS . 
To live in silence . What life is that ? 
Won't let fear , keep me from living my life . 
< :) Yes , < PROPMALE > Omaleki 
Happy mum's day ! Thanks for being there for us ... How do you do it ? :) 
On the way to Oregon . can't wait to see my best friends ! :) \ 
I miss you Sparky . 
SO good to be in this beautiful town of Bend again . :) 
Sometimes , it's not how good you are , it's how bad you want it .... 
Is in love with a tea shop . 
\There will be a clown making hamburgers . \ " ehhh ? " 
I love it when you go into a chinese restaurant 
I love it when you go to a chinese restaurant , and you see mexican cooks . 
A very happy un-birthday to you . 
So sick of this life , take me away , and let me have freedom . Send me a savior , because it is just not cutting it on my own . 
Spilunking today !! :) 
Tell me again how that story goes . 
Cheers to waking up in the morning and thinking about that one thing . 
Tell me why it is , you only die inside ? 
I'm freaking happy , alright ? 
Supernatural ! 
Hello , my name is : Inigo Montoya . You killed my father ... PREPARE TO DIE ! 
Life is crazy ... I guess thats what makes it fun . :) 
Goo Goo Dolls I hope I see familiar faces . :) 
It's a beautiful morning , with the birds chirping . 
A smooth sea never made a skilled mariner . 
Adventure is not outside man ; it is within . 
... And now for something completely different . 
< PROPMALE > just got phone slapped . Hahaha . 
Wishing I had wings , I'd fly away from these terrible things . 
I don't like where this is headed ... 
Enjoying the Oregon sunshine . :) 
Enjoying the snow ... in June . 
I am a jedi . -30 Rock . 
Butterfly kisses . 
Life is too short to live the same day twice . 
It is only in adventure that some people succeed in knowing themselves- in finding themselves . 
The average office chair with wheels will travel 8 < PROPMALE > this year . \ 
The average pencil will draw a line 35 < PROPMALE > long . 
Legend of the seeker is awesome . That is all . 
Going tubing ! 
Sick and Tired ! 
No more tears , no more sorrow . no more pain . 
Actions speak louder than words .... So stop yelling ! 
I'm going to die if I don't get some soda ... 
< PROPFEMALE > la revolution . 
I will charm , I will fly , I will dazzle you with my wit . 
Breathing right away . 
Where oh where can he be ? 
Happy fourth of July !!!! Remember what this day stands for ... 
What exactly is true love ? 
Do you know what your fighting for ? 
Sending shivers down your spine on a day to day basis . 
Loves school supplies . 
\Real like the movies . \"" 
Did you ever wonder why we sing \Take Me Out to the Ballgame\ " when we're already there ? " 
That's all folks . 
Walking about the beach , what a hot day . I thought it was supposed to be cold here . 
Wake up , the seagulls are calling . 
W 
Woke up today and thought I was dreaming ... 
Still alive but I'm barley breathing . 
I need a volunteer , how about you with the eyes . 
Dude . I'm so hungry . 
And here we go one more time . 
Death by wall paper and flooring . 
Today I met < PROPMALE > from the muppets . The actual Guy who < PROPMALE > was named after . 
Well somebody had their coffee this morning . 
Scarfity scarf scarf . 
And here we are at a paperclip exhibit . 
Sense for cents . 
Stop stepping on my fingers as you watch me fall of the ledge , this time was a time for reason , and maybe revenge . 
\I wont let fear clip my wings and tell me how high I can fly . \"" 
AIR SOFT !!! I'm so ready to shoot some people . :) 
Cougar today ... Pedophile tomorrow . 
My feet hit pavement and all I can think is \GO ! \ " Where you ask ? Wherever I want . " 
You should be wilder . 
You broke my heart and you didn't even know it . 
Put your heart into everything . 
Knock knock . 
Don't you wish the little voice inside your head was louder sometimes ? 
I Am NOT < PROPMALE > Omaleki , I am an artist . :) 
People are crazy . 
What in the crap is WRONG with people ! Keep it in your pants ! 
Let dreams invade the night that holds you now , Father-dark voices tell you how after many nightmares we are friends . - < PROPFIRST > Petrie 
Happy birthday < PROPMALE > Omaleki I miss you so much ! 
:)) 
Welcome to facebook where everyone's the same . 
It's disturbing how much sawdust smells like McDonalds . 
It takes 7,214 licks to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop . 
\I'm being fun too ! \ " -What exactly does this mean ? " 
Princes < PROPFEMALE > had the belly button pierced- and fitted with a 2.8 -carat < PROPFEMALE > stud- just a few hours before her fatal accident . 
I skating tomorrrow . Can I get a Whoop , Whoop !? 
Does anyone know why Obama is going to Afghanistan ? 
\We are here to learn and endure the beams of love . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
He consumes my mind , and I love it . Thank you God for your grace , and joy . 
Death and life have determined appointments . Riches and honor depend upon heaven . 
You know when I get my own place ... I'm going to have a poster room . 
You know it's really hard to be yourself when so many people want you to pretend to be someone else . Well , this is what I say to them ! Screw you ! 
SNOW !!!! 
We are all going to suffer . And it is going to shape us . Somehow . We will become : BITTER OR BETTER , CLOSED OR OPEN , MORE IGNORANT , OR MORE AWARE , MORE OR LESS . 
Goodnight < PROPMALE > ! 
Does anybody like Spaghetti ? 
... and being as she wasn't could be who she wished to be ... 
Rant of the day : Remember when police officers were nice and gave children and other people walking a ride if they wanted one ? I think they should still do that ! Instead of being too big for their britches , they could rise up and once again become CIVIL SERVANTS . I mean what do they have to fear ? They are trained to kill , and the person in the back of the car is locked in . 
Is anyone going to the < PROPMALE > walk ? 
Your as old as you feel . 
Fun night for sure . Good night all . :) 
Escape ? 
I am < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thank you God for HOT showers ! 
I'm pretty sure we have all made claims , so put your hand in mine and make this mistake . 
Kind of feeling giddy ... 
Kind of wanting to puke .... 
Why ? 
The Brothers Bloom is Amazing ! That is all . 
Get close to everything and everyone you care about , you don't know when it will be your last day on earth . 
Have you ever stared at something so long that it seems to disapear ? 
Open your eyes and what do you see ? 
Own it .... Whatever it is . Own it . 
It's funny how a good day can be ruined by such a little thing . 
There is beauty in sadness . 
Is that all you see me as ? Cuz if it is , you are wrong . I am so much more . 
I kind of want to spontaneously combust . 
I am on a journey . 
Underwater Zumba at the Krock Center . I'm pretty excited about it . 
And God so loved the world he gave his only son , that whosoever believes in him , shall not perish but have everlast life . < PROPFIRST > 3:16 May God bless you this holiday season . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a goodnight ! 
I live in eager expectation and hope that I will never do anything that causes me shame , but that I will always be bold for Christ , as I have been in the past , and that my life will always honor Christ , whether I live or I die . Philippians 1:20 
Why is it the same old story ? 
We all are apart of something perfect . 
God works best when we don't know what is going to happen next . Thank you God for keeping life exciting ! 
There is risk in everything , that's what life is . All or Nothing . 
Where is your zest ? 
It's not what you have done , but what has been done for you . 
All I can say is ... I have really good friends . :) 
I'm such a sucker for a beautiful romance . 
Dear God , \\nThank you for the beautiful day . :) \\nLove , \\nMarlena . 
Focus . 
You know what's great about life ? Is that you can change . :) 
You know what's great about life ? It's that you can change . :) 
Oh happy day ! 
Yeaaaah ! Packers !! 
Make no mistake , I can handle the truth ! 
So ... I'm in crazy love with this one guy , you may know him , his name is Jesus . 
This amputation of me , is for the best . 
Hello , good morning , how do you do ? 
Happy New Years ! 
I think I'll go scubadiving today . 
I have no idea how God puts up with me , I'm kind of difficult . 
This wild God of mine .... loves us . 
< PROPMALE > 62 . :) 
Honestly . Softly spoken . Silent cries in a dark night , where time passes by . These are the days of youth , the days of now , what will you do with a split second ? 
How can you not feel confident ? You're wearing Versace sunglasses , a < PROPFIRST > Hilfiger sweater , < PROPMALE > Klein jeans , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > gym shoes . Now go on out there and just be yourself ..... 
Apparently it is snowing almost everywhere ... Where is it not snowing ? 
AAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHnd now we have take off . 
Forgive me . 
I might puke ... 
Psalm 63 : 1-11 
Dear life , please hurry up and get with it . :)) Thanks . 
It's not lack of love but lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages . -Friedrich Nietzsche 
I am thankful for ... Weekends . 
No matter what you do , God still has a < PROPFEMALE > for you . 
I have NO idea what you have planned for me God , I am stuck in a town that holds no future I fear . Will you tell me what your thinking ? 
I am a robot . 
When is it enough ? 
I'm not sure why , but this sunshine is making me want a cat nap . 
What a BEAUTIFUL day ! I think I will go for a hike . 
Our thoughts are not our own , think about it . 
How he loves us so . 
Just watched The Tourist , it was amazing ! 
And here is the clincher ...... 
I am not going ! 
Being hit on by fifty year old men . It's awesome . 
Awake my soul . 
For with much wisdom comes much sorrow ; the more knowledge , the more grief . Ecclesiastes 1:18 
We think we know , and yet , we know we don't know . 
Do something crazy . 
