is all that jazz . Chicago at the Fox !! 

ZzZzZzZz 
needs a new hat . His old one is lying in the middle of a Six Flag's roller coaster . 
is tweaked on Monster Energy , Diet Dr. Pepper , red wine , and 4000 calories between Chipotle , McDonalds , and Pop Tarts . ksjhnvjskabhjakfnbjksrghsiofujkjbvklsbn 
A female is a diva version of a hustler . 
enjoyed his short stay in ol ' Salem , IL . Biscuits & gravy for breakfast = so appropriate . 
is spending next week in San < PROPFIRST > ! Yay !!!!!!!!!!! 
stands corrected : he will be spending next week in NYC !!!! 
will be in NYC thru Friday . xoxox 
is home . What a great week ;) 
is going out tonight to say goodbye to summer . Let the madness ( and hangovers ) ensue !! 
had his first class of the semester canceled ! 
has a long day ahead . Can anyone say espresso ? 
is thirsty ;) True Blood !!!!!!! 
is startled to have just now found out about the death on campus this morning . How very sad :( 
for some reason , misses his beloved dogs much more than normal right now . 
.... remember , if the balloon pops , the noise makes the angels cry . 
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
had Mrs. Field's for lunch today . Oy , this is going to be one hell of a week . 
is watching \Poltergeist\ " on TV . Go into the light ! OH FOR GOD'S SAKE JUST GO INTO THE F*****G LIGHT ! " 
has ordered his cap & gown and RVSP'd to Fall Commencement . Can it really be time to graduate ? 
is ouuuuuuuut tonight ;) 
can't wait to get home . It's time for some peace , quiet , and serious dachshund time :) 
is attempting Policy Brief , Round II . 
is writing a strategic plan for Panera Bread Company . Yeah ... 
is three final exams away from his degree . Here we go ... 
is done with finals AND his degree !!!!!! 
had the most wonderful day . Thank you to everyone for all the congratulations and thoughtfulness . I feel so very thankful to have so many wonderful people in my life :) 
just bought a new computer ! 
like the flame that burns the candle , the candle feeds the flaaaaaame . Free drink on me if you can tell me ( without google-ing ! ) what song this comes from . Wo o-o oo ! 
PLAY ALONG , if you saw me in a police car what would you think i got arrested for ? Answer me , then add as your status and see how many crimes you get accused of ..... 
Suggestions on places to check out in San < PROPFIRST > ? 
is home , and amazed how quickly ten days flew by . 
couldn't be happier for a night of laundry and TV . P-E-A-C-E -&- Q-U-I-E-T . 
remembers this was this one song , about a welcome table , and people liked to sit ... at ... it ... 
is Showtuning . 
is excited for the year's first storm . Bring on the thunder ! 
is kissing winter goodbye ! Go to Erney's . 
had a lot of friends in Africa . Jambo ! 
save it < PROPFEMALE > Hearst , I'm not buying any Stockholm Syndrome today . 
just got GAGA TICKETS !!! Rah-rah-ah-ah-ah-ah !!! Off to Showtunes , followed by a lovely , sobering ride to Omaha in the morning :) 
is in puppy paradise :) 
is home :) 
GLEE !! 
You can call all you want but there's no one home so you're not gonna reach my telephone - I'm out in the club and I'm sippin ' that bub ' - so again , you're not gonna reach my telephone . 
is gay and she's black . We CREATE culture . 
won't fall asleep tonight . NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET ! 
Stuck in the Grand Rapids airport . Glad I brought the last two issues of GQ ! 
Home :) Time to show Miss Alli Hausman all the best St. < PROPFIRST > has to offer . 
Don't be rude , sir . Ma'am . 
is only allowed upstairs . 
IT'S A MIRROR < PROPFEMALE > !! 
RAH-RAH-AH-AH-AHH ! 
Just got a little teary eyed hearing the Cheers theme song . What is wrong with me ?! 
wants to do bad things with you . True Blood Marathon !! 
Putting together my new computer desk ! I can't remember the last time I used a tool box ... 
and < PROPMALE > Moll are heading out for a night of tank tops , flip flops , and a total disregard of common decency . 
thinks wearing a rosary as an accessory is a sartorial abortion . 
wants to do bad things with you .... TRUE BLOOD !!!! 
and < PROPFEMALE > Baker highly recommend Brasserie by Niche . Culinary excellence . 
Sephora Quote of the Day : \It makes my butt tingle . \ " Priceless . " 
Do I need to add \WILLIAM\ " to my name on here or what ? " 
Sephora Quote of the Day : \I'm so tired of this Ghettoria . IT doesn't go away either . \ " You're going two for three Ms. < PROPFEMALE > ;) " 
is refraining from making any cliche remarks about tonight ... IT'S JUST TIME FOR GAGA !!!!!!!! 
tastes just like glitter mixed with rock & roll . 
is wishing his beloved Grandma B . a wonderful 99th birthday . An amazing life , an astonishing woman :) 
Au revoir , St. < PROPFIRST > . Thanks for the memories :) 
Time for last hurrah ! Head to Manchester tonight , ladies and gentlemen :) 
FYI , it's quite difficult to say \jazzy\ " with a retainer in your mouth . Just ask < PROPFEMALE > Olson . " 
GAGA AND THE SCISSOR SISTERS ARE COMING TO OMAHA ! TOGETHER ! YAHOOOO ! Now off to Davenport for the week . 
is overwhelmed by all of the thoughful birthday wishes ! Thank you everyone ! 
just bought GAGA tickets ! AGAIN ! YAHOO ! 
is Chicago bound :) 
Fill in the blank : My favorite memory with < PROPFIRST > is ...... 
Fort Lauderdale :) 
Anyone know of a decent Chicago apartment for rent ? I'm here house-hunting ... 
is looking forward to a day filled with comfort food , wine , naps , dachshunds , and Alli Hausman . Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Found an apartment !!!!!!! 
is amused ( to put it nicely ) by how nervous and agitated the elderly Southwest passengers get when a flight is delayed 15 minutes . 
150 < PROPMALE > to go ! 
Louisvillllllllle 
I finally have cable and internet ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , WI ... what a lovely , friendly place to be . 
Milwaukee ... 
Milwaukee , once more ! 
I guess it's NYC for one more day :) 
Imagining my poor little car buried under two feet of snow at O'Hare :( 
\OMG ! That was hysterical ! That's going right on Facebook ! \ " ... did I really just say that ?! " 
I never thought 50 degrees could feel like SUMMER ! Chicago , sunshine looks good on you :) 
Weekend ... enough said :) 
Well , at least now I know that if there is a tornado somewhere in the Chicago burbs , I will be the first to know about it as I live right next to one of the sirens . Good morning to you too , Naperville . 
Lesson learned : Indianapolis is drivable . 
