Had a really freaking great two days ! 

Last preperations for Family stuff right now . The Matts later ! 
Had a fun night/morning with < PROPMALE > but is now finally going to go to sleep . 
Woke up and is listening to She Wants Revenge . 
When you can explain to me why you deny the existence of all other Gods but your own you will then be one step closer to understanding why I deny yours 
When you can explain to me why you deny the existence of all other Gods but your own you will then be one step closer to understanding why I deny yours - < PROPFIRST > Dawkins 
DEATH 
Ugh ... don't feel so well . 
now feeling much much worse not sure what is wrong but i can not lay down . 
just got in for the first time in days :P 
Yup , it's me . 
took 8+ tries to get 5 out of his 10 finger prints to be recognizeable by the computer whats-so-ever for his FBI/BCI check . 
has a bad feeling 
bad feeling is gone 
Everyone's a pacifist between wars . It's like being a vegetarian between meals . -- Colman McCarthy 
is a corsair . 
thinks that not having texting sucks 
So , my grandpa went to the Philippians to meet this women who he has never met in person before 4 days ago ... and no one has heard from him sense before he left . 
I NEED a new profile picture ... Something that says \this is what i look like right now if someone would ever take a good picture of me \"" 
had a very nice night on Sunday . 
is a very cuddly kind of guy ... 
I am a total _____ . 
says that some times life gives you lemons , well lemons taste quiet good so fuck making lemonade . 
says FUG off someone shoot me . 
says life is like a box of choclates , made and packaged by a group of small unpaid chinese children . 
ceder point ! that is just what I need a break from lifes troubles to break my back having the time of my life :) 
thinks that who ever is spreading rumors and sending rude FB messages to him needs to STOP NOW . 
Just got a Grand Prix ! but the breaks are fucking shot . 
Car stuff then work until some time after 4 . Fun night ahead though ! :) 
Home from work , going to take a nap . < PROPFEMALE>'s party later ! 
Had a lot of fun Saturday night/Sunday morning :) 
That first breath , Feel the air rush into your lungs free from the torment and be at peace . 
going for a walk . I got my cell so call if you want to join me . 
took a nap on a park bench . When you can look out at the water and be at peace then you know that something has to be right . 
Is in the mood to fucking kill , best watch your path if you are worried about it . 
does anyone honestly fucking care at all ? 
It reminded me of the time I chewed a catnip-filled sock to see what all the tail-chasing fuss was about . 
Funny thing about life is the more it beats me down the less I fucking care because in the end we all die and someday either my life will improve or the latter will come to be . 
is going part hunting . 
Not doing anything ... someone call my cell so we can < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
going to bed , puting new breaks on car tommarow morning . wish me luck . 
off to fix the car ... 
Car status has been officaly down graded from steel box of death to steel box with wheels ! < PROPFIRST > has got a working car ! 
IZ want to < PROPFEMALE > out with people ! 
Hey give me a call if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out or at that even just talk . 
why ! why must I have so much homework ... 
listening to < PROPMALE > Groban . 
I often dream of a far off place ... 
Going to bed , this weekend needs to improve my life more or I am going to be pissed . 
Is wondering what he is going to do tonight ... 
went to see surrogates , not half bad movie . though I would recomend against paying to see it . 
anyone else not going to homecoming ? 
< PROPFEMALE > looks like a lemon slice , going to bed now . 
falling asleep in chair ... 
I will take my foot and _____ . 
I will stand and I will fight . For in this world one of two things may happen , I will fall bloody and defeated to die in silence . Or I will stand victorious and be looked at as either a great hero or a great villian . 
Nobel Peace Prize , really ? 
aparently , in the eyes of a small child , I look like the anti-christ . 
I called for executioners so that , while dying , I could bite the butts of their rifles . I called for plagues to choke me with sand , with blood . Bad luck was my god . I stretched out in the muck . I dried myself in the air of crime . And I played tricks on insanity . - < PROPFIRST > Rimbaud 
I called for executioners so that , while dying , I could bite the butts of their rifles . I called for plagues to choke me with sand , with blood . Bad luck was my god . I stretched out in the muck . I dried myself in the air of crime . And I played tricks on insanity . - < PROPFIRST > Rimbaud 
woke up . breakfast time ? 
kill ... 
And Boxcat looked upon its holy shrine and proclaimed this a day of triumph for its followers . 
Someone call me plz ! bored out of my mind ! lets < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
“I'm intact , and I don't give a damn . ” 
There was a fire fight ! 
The time has come to reshape the way we look at the world . 
anGB HGhHAn AR gHRHG ZZHRnZRNMRZHAGB bHAZZaNMRZHA AR mHAan ZMhRA ARn HGhHA hHAMNMN GBHRHARZ mRA bMZaARn ZRHAHAMN HGhHA nHAHAGB HGHR ZMHRMZBG HGhARRZ ZMaRA ? 
Is about one hour away from finishing his identity book ! 
ACT tomorrow ... 
Alright fun plans tomorrow , for now games then sleep . 
\The fact that you are dancing to that techno stuff ( MSI ) while you chop things up disturbs me deeply blake \"" 
“The ordinary man looking at a mountain is like an illiterate person confronted with a Greek manuscript . ” -Aleister Crowley 
Movie Marathon was EPICLY sweet ! 
Had an amazing day/night with < PROPFEMALE > , hoping tomorrow goes even half as well . School is out on Tuesday !!! 
just got home from his last session at toth and the kids made me a book of letters to me about how much they enjoyed me as a teacher . Also , I had cupcakes . 
had a wonderful friday the 13th with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I am having trouble deciding ... whats worse polotics or religion ? both are destructive and full of hate , but which one is worse ? Or , are they infact both equals ? 
Had a great night at Nicoles birthday party last night ! 
Is going to work at 5o'clock , until then going back to bed on and off as I am quite sleepy . 
Has completed the preperations for thanksgiving and I am now going to sit and wait for my family to arrive damn them all for making me get up early . Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
has succesfully rended flesh from bone and is now going to pass into a steady state of sleep . 
Had a GREAT night/day at < PROPFEMALE>'s house and took her out to buy the laptop ! Also does anyone recognize this number4194941887 they interupted my fine evening and I want to know who they are as what they said was quite odd . 
is going to the parade today ? 
Run , for if you are cuaght , it will be your demise . 
Went to see old dogs with < PROPFEMALE > , it was great ! Oh and RLH 
First day of fifth grade tommorow , it's like magic minus the fun and explosions . 
Fifth grade was pretty fun . 
Is preparing for the long and dangerous adventure ahead of him . 
is doing stuff of importance . 
Bat-shit crazy ? I'LL SHOW YOU BAT-SHIT CRAZY ! 
There on the battlefield he stands/Down on the battlefield he's lost/And on the battlefield it ends 
Is Watching the Lord of The Rings , Does anybody want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? call my cell 4198199119 
and then I said let there be cookies , and there were cookies . 
Corporate < PROPFEMALE > wakes/ Coffee republic and cakes/ We open the latch on the gate/ Of the hole that we call our home/ 
car is now just a lawn ordiment :( fml 
Darkness envelope me 
Going to wander outside until I sucumb to hypothermia , call my cell if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out with me or just want to get me back inside . 
is going to sleep and continue wondering why I can not seem to shake this thought from my mind . 
The ultimatum : Lose my job or buy a new car sense I can not buy a used one . 
is working quite hard on getting a new car and is going to have to get a second job to pay for it . But hey , at least I get to stay at Zingo's right ? 
is now the proud owner of a < PROPFEMALE > Rio !!! 
Family should be over soon , GREAAAAT ... 
is Jammin ' to < PROPFIRST > Buffett with chips and salsa . 
Singing Zombie by The Cranberries in my room , gotta feel the power . 
is jammin ' to Imogen Heap . 
says fingers bleed a lot . 
Has been told that he deserves more then this and has decided it is about time that he acts on it . If my stars are going to change I need to change them and forget the past . Thank you . 
has to start from the begining with all of his music only has a few artists left on his computers and needs some new ones . give me good artists people ! 
Is as ready as he is ever going to be for christmas , at least this is going to be better then last years thanks to the help . :) 
It is in fact Christmas . 
Is ready for this day , it < PROPMALE > be great ! 
Had a great day yesterday and is hoping today goes even half as well . 
has become engrossed by T.a.T.u. 
Has gotten his final set of X-Rays hopefully , nothing quite like getting blasted with radiation ... 
Cut off the head and you take its wisdom . Cut off the arms and you take its strength . Cut off the legs and you take its speed . Put it in a box and its life is in your hands . 
It is truely amazing how much eyes can say about people . 
Had an absolutely amazing weekend ! nothing could have made this any better ! Sending my thanks to the Burr family for allowing me to stay in their household once again ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > Burr ! 
Is waiting to get his other tests . 
Had a fun day today and is waiting in anticipation for tommarow . 
Had an absolutely wonderful night and is ready for a great nights sleep . :) 
Has the zingo's christmas party today at 330 , fun stuff . 
Back hurts like hell and does not feel to good . I am off to work soon . 
Got work again tonight , no more exams though . lunch with dad tommorow ? 
Ready for thursday to be here already . 
had a great night tonight ! 
Blind Guardian and Diablo 2 for a little bit ? I THINK SO ! 
That was a day well spent . :) 
Back and leg hurts like hell and is now annoyed ; time for work . 
is nervous as hell . 
Nothing like being trapped in a metal tube ... Paranoia set in fast . 
Feels relaxed and is much more ready for tommorow . 
Feeling good and heading into work in a little bit . 
Had a great night last night ! going to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > later , Blind Guardian for now ! 
is home . 
Day started off poor but I am quite happy now . :) 
FTS , I can't leave my house till work ! 
Man , today is really sluging along . 
Is excited for tommorow . 
is quite happy :) had a good day . 
Going to go see Legion , had a pretty good day thus far . 
Had a damn fine weekend , wish it was not going to end . 
Going to go eat then work , sounds fun . 
Is now off work and am feeling quite hungry , let the hunt for food commence . 
Is going to be spending time determining his future tommorow down in BG . 
Is officially going to be majoring in computer science at BGSU . 
Has finished his outline , in full sentence format . Also I am officially going to be majoring in computer science at BGSU . 
Is going to Cracker barrel for breakfast tommorow , then hanging out with < PROPMALE > ? 
Breakfast was great , now playing Diablo 2 until someone stops me . 
Matts in about an hour , the time for adventure is upon us . 
Mr. Badik is quite the interesting charecter . 
Day off , what shall I do ... probably D2 or something of the like . 
Had a damned good day off . :) 
Hanging with < PROPMALE > tonight . 
Feels less sick now , I am not going to be eating chinese food again for a while . 
Had a very good evening ! 
Had a lot of fun this weekend and is not looking forward to working around the house tomorrow ! 
I prefer the artist known as Brom for children books , he is far more realistic and far more cynical about topics . Happy endings are not that common but violence is , way to go Brom I love your work . 
is now the proud owner of Brom's new book The Child Thief ! had a good night tonight which broke up the poor value of life as of late . 
< PROPMALE>'s house was quite eventful and I had a lot of fun . Home for the day now . 
hates insurance companies . 
wants the name of whoever has keyed my car twice now , if it is not given to me trust me I will find it and if I have to find it the repercussions will be much worse ! 
Why must we always wash away the blood ? Should we not wear the stain as a sign of triumph , of honor ? Lather up boys , we got a long and bumpy road ahead of us ! 
again , really ? Your going to key my car again ! I want the name and if you are a good friend , try to find this person . I am going to deal with them personally . 
Now I await thursday , for then I shall have pancakes ! 
Always watch your back , for it is almost certain someone intends to put a dagger into it . 
Had an excellent night , and tandoor was delicious ! 
Is excited for tomorrow , and break is upon us ! 
Let destruction rain down and destroy all . 
Anger is a most fulfilling emotion , it can propel you through a day far better then most others . Feed off of it and you feel much stronger , thank you third party for bringing this one on . 
You made up a monster , and you know what sucks for you ??? NOW YOU GET ONE . 
Had a great day today , well worth the wait . 
Is ready for tomorrow to be here ... 
Had an excellent day on Friday , < PROPMALE>'s house for the day ! 
Is ready for tomorrow to be here , today was a very lazy day at wait . 
Going to go hangout with < PROPMALE > today ! this weekend was all together a success . 
Tuesday was a great day , just waiting for the week to encroach upon its end . To < PROPFIRST > Sadler , the best of luck to you . 
Work tonight , the time of the move is fast approaching . VOOT VOOT 
Friday was pretty damn great , 8 days . 
This is to be a week of morning , the one and only Dio has passed away as of Sunday due to stomach cancer . I hope that everyone gives up just a moment to look back on Dio and all of his greatness , he will be missed . 
Is officially packed and ready to go for this sunday ! moving will be a bitch but the rest of the day will be great . 
Tomorrow is moving day ! I am beyond ready for this ! 
Had a great night last night . Work tonight and graduation tomorrow . 
Graduated , thats right I did it . 
I have awakened and my fever seems to be broken , blaring headache though ... 
Mail order brides ... WTF you mean she is my new grandma ?!? 
Going to be surprising a 90 year old woman tomorrow for her birthday , oh grandma I hope you are ready because if not you may very well have a heart attack . 
The party went quite well . 
WTF ... well I guess its the long road once again ... 
Not the worlds best week so far ... 
I just want to set the world on fire . 
What is with this free time bullshit ? I need to get back on the move , work myself to death again ... I can not keep sitting around without work or places to be ! 
Feels like shit ... 
work 
There was a church group at work today , they would not stop singing . 
Jazz night was solid , thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Work 5 to 3 . 
just got back from work 40 minutes ago . the highway is dead at 4:10 am . 
Work tonight 5 to 3 again . 
Home from work and is glad he is not being fired for getting a ticket when he ran a red light on his last delivery . 
\And we find our selves in the same old mess singin ' drunken lullabies \"" 
I may get angry a lot but you can deal with it , or go drown , whichever one works best for you . 
The time for move in is very quickly approaching ... 
A note to the now dead < PROPFIRST > Rimbaud , your poetry is wicked and dark . Upon cracking open my copy of Complete Works including A Season in Hell and Illumination I rediscovered why I love it . 
Sometimes I feel like a really big asshole . 
Night shift tonight , mreh . 
back from shift . 
Working tomorrow until 5pm , then a little last < PROPFEMALE > . packing for the move on friday . 
has to be moved into his dorm in about 9 hours , I should probably go to bed . 
Classes start today , hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gyurko after classes ! 
Only have my pre-calculus class this morning then I am done for the day . Swimming with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gyurko , beardface , and nubs in between their classes ! 
I <3 Beardface 
Watched Batman Forever with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Bloch and < PROPMALE > . It was pretty much the coolest thing ever . 
Math homework now , work tonight till sometime after 3am , someone come to my room ... 
Going to the dial with < PROPFIRST > Nubs Maunus and mayhap some other peoples for food and conversation . 
Had a wonderful conversation with < PROPFEMALE > Thompson after getting off work at 5am . Meeting people is cool . So is the beach . 
is back . 
BG Undead guns and ammo have been retrieved . Oh how I love late night trips to Walmart , Meijer and Chipotle with < PROPFIRST > Nubs Maunus , < PROPFIRST > Shipley , and < PROPMALE > SH . 
Ate Breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > Carolus this morning and engaged in conversation . It is nice to eat with cool people . 
Chilled out with < PROPFEMALE > Carolus in the Alumni hall then went out for pizza . Went to her dorm after for a meet and greet with her dormate < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and some other people . Today was a very good day . 
Had to clean the bathroom at < PROPMALE > today , this was a terrible thing ... 
Had a wonderful weekend . 
Tis time for life choices to be made . 
wants to follow his dream . 
Out with the guys last night , feeling good today . 
Had a superb weekend , Fixing computers and chilling with cool people is never a bad idea . 
going to have to shave . 
RAWRG ! I hate < PROPMALE > hangers . 
Typing paper , though I wish I was playing my games instead . 
FFT , full of win . that is all . 
I need a better profile picture ... 
got locked out of his room in not but a towel . I still need a better profile picture . 
\Car accidents make my face hurt\ " -me " 
So my car is now gone , forever ... 
Is feelin ' pretty great . 
BGundead invitational was intense . Nn that note I feel the immense need to relax today . FFT is going to be my friend today . 
Tis Wednesday and I am happy and excited ! 
Wednesday was a great day and night ! I am currently on the hunt for the kilt that is right for me . 
Why does this box always insist on knowing what is on my mind ? 
Almost got hit by a car on his way to the bank ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is back tomorrow ! How to Train your Dragon ? I think YES . 
Class ... GAH ! 
How much wood could a wood < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > if a wood < PROPMALE > could < PROPMALE > Pinokio . 
This is going to be an amazing week . Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > after classes today , meeting < PROPFEMALE>'s parents on Friday , and going to < PROPFEMALE>'s halloween party !!! 
Meeting < PROPFEMALE>'s parents tonight , I am both nervous and extremely excited . 
Went to < PROPFEMALE>'s Halloween party tonight , it was amazing !!! I had so much fun , I feel like a million bucks ! 
Back to the old grind ... 
Gypsies Bane , I am a summon of great power now . 
< PROPFIRST > A . Cartwright is not dead as far as we know . That was one hell of a rumor though . 
Oh Guy Fawkes , at least you tried . 
Dear GSW , why is it that every-time I write a paper for you , there is immediately another paper due afterwards ? How am I supposed to write a great paper when I spend the entire time writing it worrying what I am going to write the next paper on ? 
I wish to start collecting The Walking Dead graphic novel series . 
This is going to cost me a lot of money over time ... 
Has passed his Teller Exam so long as he gets an online interview it looks like he will be working again !!! 
Is no longer being considered ... 
Last night was absolutely amazing !!! 
is rolling a cleric . 
Going to watch The Walking Dead series from the begining tonight with < PROPFIRST > Waszkiewicz , Voot Voot ! 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE>'s last night , working out with < PROPFIRST > Waszkiewicz later . 
Had a great weekend of D&D and hanging with < PROPFEMALE > ! Can't wait to go to her parents house for thanksgiving ! Food day on Thursday . 
Anyone interested in buying a World of Warcraft account with 2 80's geared for Ice Crown Citadel ? The account comes with an authenticator . 
It is Thanksgiving and < PROPFEMALE > is coming to town !!! Can not wait for you to meet my family , Hun ! 
Is feeling a little less like he is going to die . BG here I come . 
Back to BG . Let the grind begin . 
D&D tonight . A new and unique character is going to make tonight very fun and exciting . I hope everyone is ready for this . 
Gets to go on a date with the most beautiful women in the world tonight ! 
Grandma < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Aumann July 9 , 1920 - December 5 , 2010 , you were and always will be loved by me . I wish i could have been by the bed today just to see you one last time ... 
Getting ready for an absolutely great break . To kick it off I get to go meet a big chunk of < PROPFEMALE>'s family ! I love you , hun ! 
Going to Angel House today with < PROPFEMALE>'s family . I am so excited !!! 
Had a lot of fun at < PROPFEMALE>'s this weekend ! Now it is time to figure out what i am going to be doing this week . On tuesday at least I have plans to go back to the highschool . 
Culture day up at the high school was great ! thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Steele ! Now all I have to do is make it to friday and I get to see < PROPFEMALE > again , this really is going to be a < PROPFEMALE > christmas ! I love you Hun ! 
Tomorrow starts all the fun ! I am so pumped ! 
So much food and so many people in so little time ... < PROPFIRST > tired . 
Just a few more days till BG it will be nice to be back in the dorms again . 
BGSU Tomorrow ! GET ME THERE ! 
\The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one . \"" 
Well the first week is going about as well as expected ... < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight ! I love you babe , happy three months ! 
Birthday coming up in about a week or so . Going to get to spend a bunch of time with < PROPFEMALE > Burr and go out to dinner ! is it friday yet ?!? 
Birthday weekend was pretty freaking great ! Got some cool gifts and amazing snacks . Went out to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Burr the love of my life and then breakfast with my mum and dad . Verdict for tonight , freezing rain and strong winds equal boredom . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Burr ! She is the most amazing women I have ever met , and has made these last 5 months absolutely amazing ! 
4 months of love and I can not be happier ! 
\MY body is quivering with cleanness . \"" 
Taxes and film critiques ... today is going to be below average . 
D&D tonight and < PROPFEMALE > Burr's tomorrow !!! I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
We will always miss you Aunt < PROPFIRST > ! I love you ! 
Had a great time this week ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > Burr ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s tomorrow !!! I am so excited I can hardly stand it ... :( 
homework approaching completion then off to < PROPFEMALE > Burr's! I should probably get off facebook ... 
