Dancing with angels 

Dreaming of the angel I love . 
The demons ... theirs so many thriving off me ... will i live or die against them . 
Im pathetic . i will never be wanted 
is as mad as a hatter 
Its so lonely being in this dark and lonely plane of life as an outcast ... she doesnt want me and im not wanted ... what next ? 
..... left ... no maybe right ..... which way was it again ...... 
left .... or was it right .... do i use the sword .... or do i use the mace ..... im already surronded .... well here goes nothing . 
intresting .... 
..... Damit . i just i ... 
im graduating ! wooooo 
no more school .... 
im not sure how i did it but i graduated . 
I am so close to moving into the battlefield . i can almost hear it in the distance . hmmmm . My turn for some action ? here goes ! 
.... you know what screw me and screw my future . 
mmmmm ..... maybe i can see an angel some time soon . 
here i stand waiting ... so now i prepare for the battles ahead . 
why have i been so very much sad lately .... 
I have travelled everywhere even to hell to find love but it seems there is no love for one suited for the battlefield . 
Here I stand , helpless and left for dead . Close your eyes , I believe in you , I won't stay long , in this world so wrong . And I don't mind\ 
If you say this love is the last time . \ 
Just give me a sign 
all packed up now just have to move over to vegas ! 
Im tired ... I hope i can get my ID soon so i can get a job . its really boring sitting around here most of the time . 
I dance by the < PROPFEMALE > light , \ 
I dance with you to a new height . 
do you even know why your fighting or the damage you create ? 
I loved a girl and she not only broke my heart but also let me down more than once . now im lost in a sea of sorrow drowning to the bottom . 
war is not an easy thing . espicially when your opponents are akrid creatures .... and there categore g's are bigger then three story houses . 
I have all but forgotten what it means to be human . 
here I stand helpless and left for dead . 
im sorry < PROPFEMALE > . i have seen skies and moons but now i travel to were outcasts go . the place between the heavens and hells . 
No longer the lost \ 
No longer the same \ 
And I can see you starting to break \ 
I'll keep you alive \ 
If you show me the way \ 
Forever - and ever \ 
the scars will remain \ 
I'm falling apart \ 
Leave me here forever in the dark \ 
\ 
Daylight dies \ 
Blackout the sky \ 
Does anyone care ? \ 
Is anybody there ? \ 
Take this life \ 
Empty inside \ 
I'm already dead \ 
I'll rise to fall again 
maybe < PROPFIRST > is right . 
I'm all out of breath \ 
My walls are closing in \ 
Days go by \ 
Give me a sign 
what do i do ... this pressure is over whelming ... now my worlds is crumbling down around me . 
to bad vampires arent real . id love to become one and disappear forever . 
I have fought countless of wars against demons and angels , \ 
but no matter how long this fight goes on i can never find her . \ 
as my world goes darker i choose exile . \ 
I am an out cast that has angel wings and a dragon tail , \ 
my hair is long and < PROPFEMALE > white with eyes red but still human . 
I had the most real feeling strangest dream yet . 
did i make a mistake ?..... 
mmmm < PROPFEMALE > .... hehehe ... oddly enough i feel super happy . 
well its time to sleep . i await the arrival of my teacher Lord Revan . I will not fail him this time . 
Im not sure what to do anymore . I will wait for Lord Revan now . maybe he has new things to teach me and set me back on the right path . 
If i made a mistake its believing that humanity has truly pure good intentions . 
why is this so hard . 
its all so cold .... let me sleep . 
I have dreamed millions of dreams but none so perfect as the ones with you in them . 
I will risk losing everything including my life if only to finnaly be loved . 
Chains as old as time , \ 
and a love thats not mine . \ 
Free me if your brave , \ 
but dont does so without crave . 
I believe that this will all come to a close . The sound and color of the world will disappear and only then will i remember is the beggining . 
When all grows dark\ 
and all hope is lost . \ 
call out the name of an outcast , \ 
and he or she shall guide you back to the light . 
I wanted her to love me but idk if she will . I will use my life to protect humanity even though i hate it . I will protect all human life because that has become more precious than anything else i know . 
I believe in you , I can show you that I can see right through all your empty lies . \ 
I won't stay long , in this world so wrong . 
im happy with who i am . i am an outcast of a specific species . if you dont like it i dont give a damn . 
I was wrong before . maybe i was wrong about < PROPFEMALE > to . i choose to learn from my teacher . i will never let myself down again like i did so many times before . 
I believed your lines\ 
The heart cried for a time . \ 
I fell into vines\ 
And this time its mine . 
Do you remember when you cried out to the heavens for help but I was the only one who answered . 
I seem to have lost my own heart to the darkness . 
I have been able to hate so many people so why cant I hate you .... 
well that was one interesting adventure . 
All I ask is for you to believe in me . 
Every street in this city\ 
Is the same to me\ 
Everyone's got a place to be\ 
But there's no room for me\ 
Am I to blame ? \ 
When the guilt and the shame\ 
< PROPFEMALE > over me\ 
Like a dark cloud that\ 
Chases you down\ 
In the pouring rain 
I wonder how much blood would pour out before i died if i cut the vital spots on my arms open . 
“I am ready to meet my Maker . Whether my Maker is prepared for the ordeal of meeting me is another matter . ”- < PROPMALE > Churchill 
please forgive me for the choice i have made . im sorry . but theres not turning back now . i want to dream of a beautiful place and i want to stay there . 
Somewhere in this darkness\ 
There's a light that I can't find\ 
Maybe it's too far away ... \ 
Or maybe I'm just blind ... 
There was nothing i could do . it wont be long before its time to return to the darkness and wait until the time arises again . 
dont look down on me just because im an outcast and dont belong in heaven or hell like those angels and demons . chances are I am more gratefull and forgiving than you . 
I kneel before no god . the only one I will obey is the one who i stand with . 
you didnt want my outcast or angel side . fine you will only see my dragon side if we ever see or talk to eachother again . 
The right path could also be the wrong one . make your choice carefully . 
When I walk into the valley of hell\ 
I will only have my sword and lance . \ 
I will stand alone and free us all . 
Theres always a choice that has to be made . did I make the right choice though ? 
I want to believe in myself . But now im not so sure anymore . 
i was wrong about every god damn thing . i was always wrong . 
In the pouring rain\ 
It's not what it seems\ 
When you're not on the scene\ 
There's a chill in the air\ 
But there's people like me\ 
That nobody sees\ 
So nobody cares 
Intoxicated eyes , no longer live that life . \ 
You should have learned by now , I'll burn this whole world down . \ 
I need some peace of mind , no fear of what's behind . \ 
You think you've won this fight , you've only lost your mind . 
usted dioses y godesses creer su caja . usted haber destruir < PROPFEMALE > . Seré viendo usted todo muy pronto . y usted testamento palpar mi wraith como yo matar cada y todo el mundo de usted . 
what am I supposed to do now . 
despite everythin and even though she wont know . i apologize and forgive < PROPFEMALE > . I also let go of her to do some soul searching and find my lost soul . 
The chains are back dragging me down . \ 
I will find a way to show you the light , \ 
even if i have to let it all rush out . \ 
let this worlds light fade away as the blood rushs out . 
My teacher once told me to never stop fighting for those you care for and what you believe in . He however never told me how hard it was when everything came crashing down at once . 
The world may not be a beautiful place . Shit may hit the fan more than you would want it to . But I learned from my mom that you have to make the world beautiful for yourself . 
I can't help but feel that everything that has happened to all my freinds and the one I love is my fault . 
Wanting to know the truth is good . But sometimes the truth hurts so its best not to know . 
I have a dream that has haunted my thoughts for years . If it comes true , I can only hope humanity is ready . 
dull drums in the distance , \ 
the light fades as hope dies in his heart . 
\Thirty troops against 200 of us ? how do you plan on taking us all down ? \ " laughing the stuipid enemy commander . \ 
Me a beast ? no i am not . im only half dragon and half angel . But I will destroy everything in my path if enraged . 
It was all lies ... the chains are tearing my body as they drag me back into oblivion . 
I dont belong in this world . The sorrow shall kill me now . 
I know that she has always lied to me ... so why do I still feel the same towards her ? 
my time here is coming to a close . a few more days and ill be visiting barstow to make my own grave made of my own blood . 
The blood of the damned runs through my veins . thats why I believe fully in Redemption . 
You do not listen . so how would you know if something was wrong ? 
I messed up so much . i have been called a man but i dont feel like one . i look older but i dont feel older . i continue to make the same one mistake . 
I still have a long way to go but i have a better grasp of myself now . 
I am home now . Ill have to learn more now . 
You are so beautiful , You are the kind of girl\ 
that has the chemicals that makes me fall in love\ 
Beautiful , you are the kind of girl , that has the chemicals\ 
That makes me fall in love 
No matter how strong a person may seem there is always one person they have a weakness for . 
I have given this alot of thought . As a person i am complex . even though i may seem cold i can be very easy and kind . I thought of love and marriage . But could I be a father ? 
Rush to battle over love and die for nothing . Now rise up strong warrior covered in your own blood . Now raise your blood soaked sword and fight your way to life . 
In a world full of ignorance and fouls can an outcast like me be accepted ? 
How could you understand what I say ?! \ 
you do not listen and do not pay attention . so how would you know if something was bringing me down ? 
im not sure i understand . Is there a place for me in this world ? I have never been so confused . 
I consume to much ? Ok . lets cut it down considerably . 
If the world was to die tommorow what would you regret ? 
3 days . 
Anger always blows over . Also causes stuipid actions . 
Life isnt about the pain , fustration , and anger that come along so often but instead those rare special moments that touch your heart . 
I have my ID finnaly but I look retarded in my picture and my writing looks like crap . dammit . 
I finnaly let some of my High school freinds in and tell them one of my most hidden secrets and they betray me . Some freinds ... this is why i cant let anyone in . 
Full of fear , \ 
Ever clear . \ 
I'll be here , \ 
Fighting forever . \ 
Curious , \ 
Venomous , \ 
You'll find me\ 
Climbing to heaven . \ 
Never mind , \ 
Turn back time . \ 
You'll be fine - I will get left behind . \ 
Show me what it's like\ 
To dream in black and white , \ 
So I can leave this world tonight . 
We are the shadow , the smoke in your eyes , the ghosts that hide in the night . 
Theres a lot of things you can learn to understand in this world ranging from languages to technology . But you can never fully understand the pain of another unless you have gone through the same things and felt the same feelings . 
I loved you and I trusted you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Magnia but you havnt even scratched the surface on me . You have no clue about who I am and never will . 
darkness 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Mcmanus for sending me Beech AT-10 Wichita . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/band-of-hero-fhfhda/home?url=&tv3=mKrRaGQaEeKVxC2ALjTFhy6Bh0igbhKybaTU3u4ggw%3D%3D 
the light at the end of the darkness . 
well this is interesting . 
vampires glitter ? dating humans ? what is wrong with these vampires . I am a classic vampire thats way more badass . 
I held my breath as clouds began to form\ 
But you were lost in the beating of the storm\ 
But in the end we were meant to be apart\ 
In separate chambers of the human heart 
Born into a world of death and sorrow . \ 
warriors follow there own paths leading them to the truth , \ 
if a warrior ends up on the wrong side or not is a diffrent story . 
Im not to sure what im going to do anymore . I lost the only person i truly cared for when I moved and the chances of me getting into the military are at best a 25% shot that the accident didnt fuck up my chances of getting in . 
wow that was a long time with out the internet . good to be back . 
what does it mean to have a path if your a lone wolf that cant be part of a pack because you dont feel right in any ? 
It doesnt make sense yet but I feel good about myself . 
Ill complete the mission and save the hostage if you provide the chinese stealth suit . 
when traveling the wasteland around DC I take my chinese stealth suit , gauss rifle , and plasma rifle . never know when youll run into enclave or super mutants . 
Lately I have been making a lot of fallout 3 refrences .... I miss that game . 
I wonder .... 
Take me to the seven bladed kingdom . 
dont underestimate me . 
i wonder what the future holds for me . to soon to find out and not coming nearly as fast enough . 
ok . todays saturday . 6 more days till linkin parks a thousand suns tour gets here . just gotta keep it together . 
Im going to see Linkin Park at there a thousand suns tour at the mgm today ! this is going to be awsome ! 
wow . the linkin park concert was pure amazing . I havnt felt so alive yet . They had use singing along to the songs and stuff . it was freaking awsome . 
ever sincer the concert i have been feeling really great . almost as if it gave me a knew since of my life . 
Every great lone wolf warrior has there defining battle like < PROPMALE > six on reach . Mine has yet to come . 
