Favorite wedding quote ever : \First thank God . Second thank Skype\ " -The Groom " 

So I planted a few pots worth of bulbs a while ago ... came inside , was on the computer ... I hear < PROPFEMALE > come in ... she had an armful of the bulbs I just planed , dripping in wet soil ... she dumped them on the living room floor , and in my nice shoes ... 
Fajitas for dinner .... we are welcoming guests . 
I . E .... if anyone wants they can come for dinner tonight . Around 6ish . 
I will remember you < PROPFIRST > ! 
We came home from spending the evening at < PROPFIRST>'s house . As we got off the freeway I could see billowing smoke coming from the general area of our house .... all the empty lots in the neighborhood right behind our house were on fire . 
Yesterday evening ... went on a hike with < PROPMALE > . Got lost in the dark , got stung by stinging nettle , overall an infamously unforgettable trip . The canyon was amazing though ... I'll upload a few pictures soon . 
< PROPFEMALE > decided it was time for us to buy a new rice pot 
For < PROPFIRST > \If you can count your money you don't have a billion dollars\ " -J < PROPFIRST > Getty " 
Sorry guys , no more energy packs for a week .... I'm off to our Northern neighbor , Canada . 
Uploading photos from stage 1 of the trip 
up too late again .... can't sleep in a room that's at least 85 degrees F .... did some more living today . 
More pictures too 
Finished up our last full day in Calgary . No pictures today . Heading out in the morning for Glacier NP .... someone at the festival said it's more beautiful than Banff . We'll see . Pray for safe travels and a dry night tomorrow night as I think we may b 
Oh yah .... the festival .... another amazing day ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ( formerly of barenaked ladies ) performed ... I was looking forward to that . The highlight of the evening was Bellowhead . We danced so hard I could hardly breathe ( or stand ) when we were done .... w 
Pictures will come either tomorrow evening or sometime Tuesday ... 
< PROPMALE > Horton's is the bomb . 
Anyone want to float the river tomorrow afternoon ? 
Amazing home-made dinner tonight .... the only problem is that we didn't start eating till about 11 pm 
I'm quite freaked out by the whole killing of gas guzzling cars . It just doesn't seem right to destroy perfectly good cars like that .... what is it we're trying to accomplish ? 
Nothing better than an AM thunderstorm ! 
Thinking about the CHS reunion this weekend .... hope everyone is enjoying it . 
Nice day in Cascade . 
Feeling at about 95% or better .... time to go camping ! 
Working long hours this week .... it's actually kind of nice . 
Thank you all ! Though it was a little stressful I had a wonderful day thanks to my Wife , and everyone that called and/or posted on FB to wish me a happy birthday . 
Mmmm ... home made whole wheat spinach cheese ravioli with tomato cream sauce . Nearing the end of the first of 3 days of cooking . 
OK ... I guess I'm relatively new to this event scheduling thing .... I couldn't figure out how to do the Facebook event scheduler , so I tried evite .... feel free to respond to either but I think any future updates will be through the facebook events < PROPFEMALE > . 
Rough start to a new week .... but the near future holds a little promise .... and I just saw a cricket scurry across my living room floor . Aren't crickets good luck or something ? 
( 30 minutes of errands)X(3 Kids) = 5 Hours Productivity is low . 
( 30 minutes of errands)X(3 Kids) = 5 Hours ...... Productivity is low . 
It's snowing out here . 
Just got done laying down a nice sheet of formica on my newly finished garage cabinets . 
Going to make French Onion Soup for dinner tonight . 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to finish freshening up so we can walk over to the Swell Season concert tonight . 
PERFECT first day of our 10 year Anniversary ' trip ' . The Swell Season was the absolute best concert I have ever seen . < PROPMALE > Hansard is a true , true artist . 
11 months ... it's time to change the profile pic . 
Mmm ... Negroni ..... Just what I need after an epic battle with cracked pepper pasta . 
why is it so difficult to delete your \windows\ " folder ? It's taking up too much space on my hard drive . " 
Spent the day working on the computer ... deleted about 1TB worth of duplicate and unnecessary files and organized the rest ... updated drivers , etc . I feel so clean now ... a couple weeks ago I finished organizing and cleaning my shop ( i.e. garage ) ... now I just need to spend a week or two on my office and darkroom .... and I suppose the whole house could use a going-over , but that's much harder for me . 
Well .... we bottomed out at - 5.8 degrees F . 
You mean I have to lick all those envelopes ?! 
Yes , today is my 10th anniversary and I just want to thank God for giving me my perfect help-mate . 
Going up skiing with my Sister and Dad and < PROPMALE > and my sister's boyfriend ..... Hilary , thank you for calling the day before ! 
4 more minutes .... then I'll be married to a 30 year old 
is taking part in Doppelgangerweek ! During this week change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like ... and repost this message . 
LAST MINUTE INVITE I know it's kind of late , but any of you in the Treasure Valley are invited out to Caldwell tonight to watch Lost . I'll be making Chicago style pizza for people to eat . Mmmmm 
only 28 more minutes ! 
what special is on February 20th ? 
ANSWERS ! 
Jane : No ! No ! < PROPFEMALE > Haire ! Ta-tiaaa ! [ Snow ! Snow ! My Hair ! Ta-da ! ] 
Took the kids to Succor Creek today ... they were throwing rocks into the water when < PROPFEMALE > ran over and frightfully yells \Daddy ! Spider ! \ " I assured her there was no spider but asked her to show it to me anyway . She took me to a rather large crayfish ( or crawdad ) struggling to detangle itself from some fishing line . I've never seen one of those around here .... and it was very large ( about 6\ " long ) . " 
it seems noone I know is planning anything for the \Big game\ " ..... what's with that ? " 
Got to sit in the cockpit of the Air St. Lukes helicopter today .... very cool 
Get to spend the whole day , the whole week even , at the mall . 
Workin ' lots . 
our < PROPFEMALE > is crazy 
The last couple weeks of August and first week of September are going to be awesome . 08-17 4 Free tickets to DMB in SLC . 8-31 4 tickets to DMB in Boise . 9-3 through 9-5 DMB at the Gorge ! Tickets are confirmed and on their way . 
Final sheet of Polaroid 803 shot today . 98% success . 
Worked too many hours today .... got home way too late ...... 
Off to Oregon and then on to CA .... please pray for safe travels and a good trip . 
What you said Peanut Head ? 
Baked my first brioche . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > may have said \Let them eat brioche . \ " instead of the popularized \ " Let them eat cake . \ " What is brioche you ask ? Basically bread who's dough contains 33% butter .... that's 4 sticks of butter in 3 small loaves . " 
I wanna live in a wooden house .... where making more friends would be easy . 
Off to the reuseum . 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I think I successfully installed a new power steering pump :) ..... and spilled upwards of 3 quarts of power steering fluid on the driveway :( 
$50 for 8 rounds free and a bunch of buy one get one free rounds at Eagle Hills Golf Course . Cool ! Anyone want to go golfing ? 
Mmm .... the smell of ' authentic ' French bread fills the house . 
Trying this new thing called exercise . We'll see if it helps . 
Just found out I'm headed to Sacramento tomorrow morning ... then on to Mission Viejo the next week . 
#1 Animal style ... 
Shrimp scampi , steamed artichoke and a martini on the porch ...... ahh .... I miss my wife , but this sure is nice . 
Done in Sac .... headed South tomorrow .... gonna hit the beach . 
Chillin ' in the OC ;) 
The Derby .... Dueling Piano Bar and Jewish Deli . Made for an interesting evening out . 
So today it hit me .... I miss my kids . It must be the fact that in the mall that I'm working in half the stores are kids stores and a large percentage of the people there are pushing strollers . 
Of course I really miss my wife too . 
So , I know it's Laguna Beach .... but isn't $9 for a glass of beer a little extreme ? 
Going to cruise up the PCH this morning .... up way too late last night combing the beach at < PROPFIRST > Point 
Was mistaken for a movie < PROPFEMALE > yesterday . Who do you suppose they thought I was ? 
Going home tomorrow 
Check that ... going home NOW ! 
The road was good , but home is always better . 
Shooting makes one sore 
1/3 of the way through the wedding season 
Is there anyone else that still hasn't seen the final episode of Lost ( and wants to) ? 
Out planting the garden ( lots of weeding and tilling in preparation for as well ) 
We have 2 extra tickets to see DMB on August 31 . GA Floor ( standing ) . Anyone want to go with us ? < PROPMALE > ? So sorry you'll be gone Ahbe ! 
18 Holes at Falcon Crest has to be the same walking distance as 27 holes anywhere else ! 
Played sketchup with my sister over skype for 2 1/2 hours tonight ! 
Today's high .... a full 20 degrees below ' average ' ..... come on summer , get here ! 
We see < PROPFEMALE > sneaking out of bed , so I go to put her back . < PROPFEMALE > \I want to < PROPFEMALE > out . \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > , our almost 3 year old just informed me that she wants to be called by her middle name , < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > insists on having apple pie on her pizza ..... you know ... the yellow bits that go with Canadian bacon . 
And the thunder rolls ..... 
11 PM is way too late for the whole family to get home from the day's events .... especially when we all need to be up and out of the house by 7 tomorrow morning for another full day of events . 
Eyes are very sleepy , mind is very not .... + muscles are very sore . 
Made it halfway through the 2010 wedding season . 
Baking Bug Bites Again .... Banana Bread , Chocolate Chip Cookies , and Sourdough Bread . 
All ready to go . Leaving tomorrow AM to drive to Shelter Cove , CA for a 5 day 4 night backpacking trip along the Lost Coast of California ... then a day exploring San < PROPFIRST > before coming home . 
CIVILIZATION !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Big fat gyros for lunch . Mmmmmm 
Looking forward to making a nice dinner for my family tonight . 
< PROPFEMALE > \Pick me up ! Pick me up ! Put computer down ! Pick me up ! \"" 
I've done all my work with the images .... now the computer needs to process them for an hour or so , then on to an hour of uploading . 
more to come .... FB uploading isn't running so smoothly with 4 of the 5 people in the house trying to use the internet . 
Going < PROPFEMALE > picking tomorrow 
Just received the BEST wedding invitation I have ever received ! I am so absolutely excited ! 
OK ..... 2 weeks ..... gotta get it done ! 
Thanks to Heirloom Dance Studio for the great opportunity to learn how to dance .... one of these days I'll actually figure it out ! 
It's 2:06 AM and no one , not even Tet , is on FB right now .... :P 
DMB tickets just arrived in the mail ! 
Tucanos = good 
Asher made a gun from Legos , he's going around shooting everything in sight ..... Jane made a gun from Legos , it's a pretty gun , for mommy . 
First bite of my own < PROPFEMALE > jelly .... how will it be ? 
Went to Matisyahu last night ..... concert was good , but too loud .... and some teenie-bopper complained to me that my mullet was blocking her view . Do I have a mullet ? 
The kids made it through their first movie theater experience . They seemed to enjoy it though I question how much they really got out of it . TS3 was good . 
Successful weekend of ' firsts ' for the kids . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for inviting us to the party . 
Got an invitation to the official LOST auction . Checking out some of Sun's costumes ( maybe < PROPFEMALE > could wear them ) and really want to find Whidmore's bottle of whiskey . 
My kids never tire of excitedly pointing out that there are hot dogs inside their corn dogs 
Getting ready to leave town tomorrow .... stressed and excited . 
In Grangeville 
Awesome concert ..... annoying concertgoers ..... who stands right up next to the stage and chats with their friends through the whole concert ?! 
Got hit hard in the head a couple weeks ago ... when I came to I had bad allergies and an intense craving for something spicy to eat . In my pursuit to satisfy this craving I'm steping it up a notch this evening ... a habanero pepper in my chili carlic shrimp . Everyone in the house started coughing when I started cooking ..... now it's time for the first bite .... 
I love all the birthday wishes , and how FB helps make it happen .... makes for a fun day . The greatest part was hearing all 3 of my kids singing happy birthday to me ! 
On the road again .... in Idaho Falls this time . 
Home again home again jiggity jig . Got to see the Grand Tetons and Crater's of the Moon .... cool . 
Came to the bizarre realization that I have never seen Toy Story . I thought I had , but the kids are watching it and none of it looks familiar . 
Under Capitalism man exploits man , under Communism it's exactly the opposite . 
Making ketchup ..... ( true to my style I'm also making a half dozen other things today ) 
The colorful Habanero peppers were a bit too tempting for < PROPFEMALE > , but she didn't cry , just informed us that her mouth hurt a lot . I think she thought the ice cream was worth it . And she encouraged Asher to eat one so he could get ice cream . 
Buy a Truck , Get a Gun promotion at a local auto dealership ..... only in Idaho 
Goodbye 5D . You served me well . 
Made it safely over the river and through the woods . 
Car broke down .... initial estimates to repair = $ 5,000 
Excited to see that there are still jobs available at Scaled Composites . Can't wait to add them to my list of employers . 
Kitchen Aid Mixer broke today . Not sure if I should be happy or sad . 
Since when does Boise have a < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s downtown ? 
Who is < PROPFIRST > Brown anyway ? 
Idaho's DEQ has got to be the worst run government entity ever . 
Sent from my iPhone 
Hearing < PROPFIRST > playing in the kitchen .... Suppose there's any < PROPMALE > I may end up with banana pancakes this morning ? 
I should just end it now . Reading up on how to manage acid reflux and two of the top things they tell you to avoid are milk and chocolate . Since those two things pretty much comprise 80% of my diet what exactly am I supposed to do ? 
T-Shirt weather at noon yesterday , blowing snow just before noon today . 
Everyone can come over and play ultimate frisbee at our new house , in our back yard ... just up the hill from K.A. Park , I think it's that big 
New marketing idea ... Gatorade with a pack of aspirin attached . And put it in the front of the store , not the back 
We got the house ! We sign the lease in the morning and start moving in right away . I'll upload a video tour tomorrow . 
I think unpacking will take months . \ 
I'm not understanding how some people do it in a matter of days . 
< PROPFIRST > Jessup Me \Jane 
there's a first for everything . Made bread today but forgot to add the yeast ..... tried kneading it in an hour later , we'll see if it works . 
Exercised my inner libertarian and made my shower flow at a rate higher than the EPA wants it to . Now I can shower in half the time ! 
