getting used to the family life , nice to come home to my wife and kids . 

heading 2 the mayo clinic in rochester tomorrow , get a 2nd opinion on Kodi\s treatment options . never been to minn . before " 
made it to rochester and the 1st appt . another test tomorrow to nail down the extent and status of the cancer . then on to treatment options . thanks for keeping us in your thoughts and prayers . 
also , thanks to everyone who attended Kodi's benefit , especially all the volunteers . what an amazing show of support . < PROPFEMALE > , if you get this , give yourself and the kids a big hug from your mom and me . 
got x-ray , ct scan , andlymph node biopsy done . spending the night in the hospital room with Kodi tonight , ( nobody big enough around to stop me ) meet with the medical oncologist on thursday morning . might get another tattoo tomorrow , as long as we're st 
hope to see ya at the pull , miss ya , kick jeb in the ass for me 
1 more day of work , then 3 off ! friday's chemo #2 for Kodi , got the 1st 1 behind us , so should be pretty easy . been a good week for her , up & about a lot more . lovin ' it ! county fair this weekend , looking forward to taking the whole fam 2 it , can't wa 
trying to figure out how to get my vw bus out of CO , and back here to NE 
my wife Kodi's chemo went well , she's been resting most of the day . just got done cooking dinner for the kids . She misses being able to play with them , but it'll get better . 
< PROPFEMALE > won homecoming < PROPFEMALE > !!!! hope to have some pics up tomorrow ! 
My Kodi had another upper gi last week , main tumor nearly gone . cancer cells still there , but I think we can beat it , and everything else life throws our way . keep the prayers & thoughts coming . thanks to everyone 
I'd just like to ask everyone to pray for my wife Kodi , and keep her in your thoughts , cancer sucks , but we can beat it . thanks 
bored , cant sleep much , hi y'all 
need help getting a tattoo in Leadville 
still bored , hi to y'all 
wanna do something , but dont know what 
I know they'll be back , but at least I don't have to listen to them for a while , gotta love BOSE sound systems 
need more ink 
ould welcome any help 
here I go again , on my own 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who have lost their battle with cancer and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? April is cancer awareness month . 
my babies are home !, miss them 
love my babies , and all of mine ! 
had an OK time shooting off fireworks with the immigrants next door , only got the cops called twice . took us a long time to clean up this morning . still mice my Kodi and my kids , think about them every day 
I soooooo miss my kids , wish I could find a way to be with them , and take care of them 
