11 days 

Went swimming in the rain , why does that feel redundant ? 
Goddamn I'm bored , somebody invite to do something ! XD 
9 more days 
Alright , done with babysitting ! Who's up for doing something ? 
Done babysitting , who's up for doing something ? 
So far this is a boring summer . Hope the rest of it isn't like this . 
Taking the kids to Wendys and then possibly swimming , anyone wanna come over and help me out ? Text me . 
My one day off and I've got nothing to do . 
1 week from today ! Hope you saved up some money people ;) 
Walking up to Northgate with Zach , text me if you can meet us up there ! 
Gonna say this now , I need plans for all weekend . I'm sure someone is free this weekend so tell me unless everyone hates secretly . And believe you are all indeed very sexy people ... well most of you . 
It's official : I don't tan , I burn . 
Okay so Dannys party today , cousins party tomorrow , and possibly the beach Sunday . 
It never fails , I go to bed and 30 minutes later I get all my important texts . 
Ah five more days ! Shocked that some of you still haven't figured it out ... 
Ah , my least favorite holiday , I'm goin back to bed . For everyone else happy fathers day . 
http://www.cinematical.com/photos/alice-in-wonderland/2098089/ < PROPFIRST > Depp in the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > remake of < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . Terrifying ... 
Going to Donalds and then my first concert . Should be fun . 
Being told I may have to push the party back to Friday . 
It is now officially my day of birth ! In case you didn't already know ;P 
Almost forgot , if you're going today bring swimsuits . 
Everyone just went home , fun party overall even though like half the people bailed . 
Not feeling too good , think I need to lay down ... 
To everyone that's going have fun in New Orleans , or N ' Orlens or Nahlens . Whatever . 
The latest story : < PROPFIRST > Mays dead at 50 . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > , you will be missed . 
Just got back from camping with Zach and < PROPFIRST > . We left a day ahead of schedule because of the rain and managed to get back in time for my familys party . Overall decent weekend , except my internet's still out . 
You've all just lost the game ! 
Considering going to Colerain park for the fireworks tonight , anyone going ? 
Oh wow , Totally thought it was Thursday all day . Well I feel dumb , probably going to a party tomorrow but I needs plans tonight , anyone up for doing something ? 
Shopping online in pajamas , I feel like a house wife but i think I found a new addiction . Thank you Amazon.com! 
Just to make sure , how many of you are playing THE GAME ? And no cheating ... ( < PROPFIRST > ) 
Feeling light headed , I need something to eat ... 
See mallrats . Can't argue , great movie . 
I need shit to do this weekend but apparently everyone's got plans . 
It seems the term \Beast\ " is reaching it's way westward ... I am so sorry for you people ... " 
Why are there so many kids here !? I didn't sign up for this ! Need plans this weekend , anyone wanna help me out ? 
Just got home . The movie was alright , going to catch up on some stuff and then collapse . Still need plans tomorrow ... er ... today ... whatever 
Back from Laurens , Met < PROPMALE > and watched Pirates 3 ... again . Hoping for plans tomorrow . 
Finally beat inFAMOUS ! Now then , should I start Prototype or play it again to get the other half of the trophies ? 
17 and I swear I threw out my back . Fantastic . 
You all just lost the game ... AGAIN ! 
Feel like my life is slowly turning into shades of grey . Need some color in my life ! < /emo moment > Hooray for pajama pants ! 
For those of you that answered my text earlier , thanks for the self esteem boost . =) 
Apparently everyones power is going out , odd that I still have power . 
Tired but I don't wanna sleep , someone entertain me or text me or something ! 
Kids are at grandmas which means I shouldn't have to babysit . Anyone wanna make plans ? 
Had a great time with the part of the gang that's still in town . Went to see year one , found it stupidly hilarious , and per usual connected ourselves to each of the characters . Almost got kicked out of McDonalds(So close ! ) and discovered the joy of Full T 
loves the rain ! 
I now now officially own Reefer Madness . Thank you Amazon ! 
Gotta drive mom around for a while then transfer over at Laurens to go to Karins party in the park . Being told me to bring my new movie , hopefully everyone will get to see it . 
Coffee plus a quart of fruit juice in less than half an hour is a horribly bad idea . Ugh , I feel SO sick ... 
Going to Dannys party for the rest of the day then to get some rest for my test tomorrow . Should be fun . 
Driving test today at 12:45 . Wish me luck , I'm going to need all of it I can get . 
Passed driving , failed maneuverability . Either way it's one less thing over my head for the summer . Time for a nap then to figure out if I'm doing anything tonight . 
Back cramps are a bitch ... 
Well I guess everyone's just going to have to hate this week . 
Just got back from a night of harassment , stereotypical characters , board games , and awkward topics with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Zach . Excited for the concert tomorrow night but still can't shake this bad feeling . Hope nothing goes wrong . 
Maneuverability test in the morning then gotta pack for vacation and then hopefully a party . So much for sleep ... 
is packing for vacation . 
Need to pack up the laptop and head to bed . Gotta leave early in the morning for St. Louis ! If you have the ability to , text me over this week because I will be bored out of my skull , especially on the drive up there . Love ya'll be back Wednesday night , my life will be back Thursday afternoon . 
Got home safe , had to < PROPMALE > a bat out of the house , then went up to the school with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and Zach . Good to be home . 
Got my license now It's time for bed 
is bored out of his skull ! 
< PROPFIRST > stole my car 
I snuck a girl into my room last night , it's a shame she had to sleep on the floor . 
Parents are home which means I am officially unemployed ! 
Anyone coming to the party bring swim stuff ! 
Everyone needs to get their summer homework done soon so that we can all < PROPFEMALE > out on the last day of our last summer ! 
Senior year starts tomorrow , didn't get nervous until like just now . See ya'll then ! 
First day of school is over . Not a huge fan of some of the people in my classes but it was still cool . 
Just got home from a day of running around , < PROPFEMALE > s party , and Dannys party . Overall a pretty fun day , going to Newport tomorrow for the fireworks with the gang . Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I hate being sick , I can't even work like this . Damn fun weekend made me exhausted ... 
Finally finished that video for the most part and I feel even worse , time to collapse in my bed and hope I wake up ... 
Well crap ... I need my calculator before tomorrow . Anyone that was messing around in my trunk take it by accident ? 
Love how the car had NO problems until I started using it ... 
Going to the ren fair today , so excited ! 
Okay , so my 5 year old sister was just singing \Don't Trust Me\ " in the bath . It is officially out of style . " 
Help me out , I need 38 more things to do before I die ! 
Don't bother trying to contact my cell , it's not working at the moment . 
Yar ! It be international talk like a pirate day !! Go celebrate with < PROPFEMALE > favorite rum and some saucy wenches ! 
I'm in the mood to argue ... 
It's raining and I'm happy . Now if only the shower worked ... 
Finally got that shower I was looking forward to , feels good to feel clean again ! 
New favorite term I coined today , 21st century ghetto . 21st century ghetto moment of the day : Hooking up a computer monitor to use as a T.V. 
Leaving in about an hour for my cousins wedding . If all goes well I'll probably be \sick ' tomorrow . " 
By the time you are done reading this , you should realize that you all have just lost something . 
So glad that hoodie season is finally here ! 
Watched a zombie with < PROPFIRST > , then we discussed super haunted places and taking people down to Sleepy Hollow . All in all a pretty normal night =) 
In such a good mood right now that just want to talk to someone ! All thanks to her and she doesn't even realize it . 
Just got back from teh game , even though we left at halftime it was fun hanging out with everyone together . 
Finally started on the battlebots competition . Going to be so much fun ! That is if I can get everyone to actually work together ... 
is totally procrastinating on late work right now ... 
My little sister < PROPFIRST > is a brat ! I still love her though . 
Please consider this my universal apology for any bouts of idiocy that may have occured or will occur today . Thinking is not my forte at the moment . 
Movie night at Laurens , gonna be fun =) 
Back from Laurens . Had fun watching Tank Girl with everyone and spending time with the lovely ms. Lexi =) 
Why does getting kidnapped always seem to make me less stressed ? 
Cleaning before the girlfriend gets here . I'm not used to work ... 
So after reefer Madness me and Lexi spent teh day rolling around on my bed . Pretty fun although the sheets are a mess . 
I hate dizzy spells . But I guess that's what happens when you don't eat all week . 
So aside from the McShrapnel I had for breakfast the trip was fun . We watched a few of the fights and I think we learned a lot about the robots . Lots of fun . 
ACTs bright and early in the morning , then pumpkin carving with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and Lexi . Gona be a fun and draining day . 
Despite having a great day with girlfrind and my \sister\ " I am now frustrated beyond all belief . Fuck Toshiba ! " 
Hooray ! I have a working phone again ! 
513-324-8372 Text it ! 
Feeling sick again . I now dub 2009 \The Year of Disease ! \"" 
Need to get out of this house , text me if you want to do something . 
Why is my paranoia acting up again ? Especially now of all times !? 
Just got back from an anti-pity trip with < PROPFIRST > , we saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > and discussed the past and the future . Anyway , court in the morning ... fun 
THE FACEBOOK TRICKS : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . 
Going to see Rumors tonight , anyone else going ? 
Rumors was amazing ! That is all . 
\I licked her like a cat licks Jesus ! \ " ~ Nikki " 
boredout of my skull , anyone willing and able to < PROPFEMALE > out for a while ? 
Hooray for being confused ? 
Note : Band people are awesomely fun* ! * Usually ... 
Shoot me now . 
I've been thinking too much lately , I just need to relax for a while . Although when I try to people get mad at me . Oh well , they're just gonna have to stay mad . 
Dad's out buying a new battery for the car so hopefully I won't have to jump it anymore . Anyone want to make plans after that ? Don't feel like sitting at home ALL day . 
Excited for the coffe house tonight ! See ya'll there . 
Just got a great back from the coffee house . Had a great time Becca , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . So glad I went . 
Damn , my family found my facebook ! 
I'm sick and about to be running around in a dark building with flashing lights for 6 hours . I think I may < PROPFEMALE > genius ! 
Made it back from the lock-in in one piece . It was fun and I had no idea it would be such a work out ! Got a few hours of sleep and now I cold and still sick , someone should come over and make me feel better . 
Fuck stairs 
never thought he'd be so scared of a cat ... 
Don't think the plans I were expecting are going to happen ... 
So no plans tonight . Anyone want to do something ? 
I hate opening credits . 
So what I thought were going to be my plans for the day ended up only lasting like 20 minutes . Who wants to be busy ? 
A quick note to those of you that decide to put song lyrics as your status : put them in quotations . Trust me it makes all the differance ! 
Why am I stuck babysitting on the week everyone wants to do stuff !? 
“This is my family . I found it , all on my own . Is little , and broken , but still good . Yeah , still good . ” -Stitch , from Lilo & Stitch ( 2002 ) 
RAWR ! That is all . 
Finally finished my project ! If anyone wants to do something tonight text me , don't want to be at home . 
Spent WAY too much time thinking about WAY too much this weekend , I need some mindless entertainment ! 
Everyone's playing mind games , and I'm losing . 
Parents pulled out teh picture from the cruise to Haiti , hard to imagine everything that I remember there is gone now . 
I cant tell you how much I wish we could shut up and smile , yeah Sail around the world and tell them all to keep singing it all we needs a < PROPFEMALE > and we’ll convince the world to sing throw your arms around someone maybe spread a little love I know it sounds a little dumb But all we need is some ice cream and a hug Take a good look around Does life really suck Are we just complaining 
Should I take a nap or try to make plans ? Decisions decisions ... 
\There's nothing I believe in more than my own insignifigance . \ " ~ SR-71 " 
Some friends coming over for movies and pizza later . Hopefully a semester means a new start and less drama . 
Had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and Zach . Dudemanbrah ! We gotta get some of that ancient christian weed . 
Listening to one of the few songs I forbade myself from listening to , not sure why , it just seems ... appropriate . 
The concert was amazing ! Flyleaf , Breaking < PROPMALE > , and Three Days Grace . Way too much fun to end at 1 in the morning . 
Why people seem to adore the ones that ignore them is beyond me . I'm done with this . 
I just woke up feeling like P Diddy ... I think I'll stay in bed . 
\Remember : The sum of the pleasure of any two sides of a right-angle love triangle is equal to the underlying jealousy of the hypoteneuse . \ " ~ The Onion " 
Happy singles awareness day everyone ! 
Remind me never to try and make plans again , they never work out . 
No school tomorrow ! I love snow =) 
Why are so many people up this late ? 
Tell me the truth . Because , I want to know . Baby , tell me what you want and I'll tell you which way to go . 
I gotta find a way to get back into a good mood . Honestly , is it so wrong for me to want to be happy ? 
I would say there's a method to my madness but that would be insane . 
Apparently I need $100 dollars by tomorrow for lung cancer . Anyone care to donate ? 
Life , as is love , is just a game . I just happen to be the loser . Fortunately , in love , as in war , anything goes . 
Pushing people away seems to be the one thing I'm good at ... 
So they turned off our water today , it should be back on tomorrow but that kinda worries me . 
It feels like I should be doing something , but I've got nothing to do ... 
loves OGT week ! Who's with me ? 
\If Heaven is a place where where the angels go then I know I'm going straight to Hell ! \"" 
Just beat God of War 3 , honestly I'm in awe ... 
Think I'll go for a walk 
Life is good ! =) 
Not gonna lie , being sick over spring break sucks . Somebody should come over and help me feel better =) 
FUN FACT : EVERYTHING sucks on April Fools Day 
Back from whitewater , free for the rest of the night ? Anyone wanna make plans ? 
Happy zombie Jesus day everybody ! 
Why do people lie when they don't need to ? 
Fair warning : I will not be able to talk tomorrow , I'm participating in the day of silence 
\You should rock my world \"" 
Hard drive's fried , gonna have to buy a new one for the laptop . Until then I can use the desktop for a very limited amount of time . Time to go ninja ! 
Got in to NKU , now then , about that money ... 
Somebody get me the hell out of here ! 
I can't even stand up straight ... 
Time to go find me some dice ! 
Well Sascha's out of comission for a while =( Took her to the mechanic and parts were falling off the engine . We're expecting an estimate tomorrow but needless to say nit won't be fixed for a while . So if you normally get a ride from me try and find other means of transportation . 
Car's all fixed , I'll get it in the morning . But for now , too much stress ... 
I actually get a little bit of confidence and everyone gets annoyed , that's life I suppose . 
I thought the senior prank was awesome , even if others didn't . Good job guys ! 
Feels good to have a car that starts again ! 
Hoping the rest of today goes better than my morning ... 
is officially a highschool graduate ! 
Those of you coming to the party today , remember to bring swim stuff . Hopefully it will be warm enough to use the pool . 
I need a nap , guess that's what I get for staying up all night . Worth it though =) 
Bored ... any ideas ? 
Remember kiddies : Relationships lead to habbies ! 
I love waking up to the sound of rain =) 
Well , no more waterbed ... guess I'll sleep on the floor tonight ... 
Brb ; Florida . Text me . 
is currently in a hotel outside of Atlanta . Had a fun time in Disney but it's about time for a break from my family lol . Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes =) 
I've been sick ever since I got back from Disney . This shit needs to stop ! 
Something about nightdriving with soft rock and fireworks going off in the sky seems so right =) 
I've got nowhere to go but I sure as hell don't want to be here ! 
\Well maybe next time you should take your shirt off when < PROPFIRST > says so ! \"" 
Sat around in my pjs all day hanging out with Hannah-belle , Becca-boo , and ... Katlyn . All in all pretty awesome day =) 
I think I'm finally going to get that oil change I've been needing . Anyone care to join me so I'm not completely bored ? 
is apparently pulling an all-nighter . 
Getting out of bed in the afternoon should not make my arms sore ... 
Scavenger hunt tonight , I'm excited =) 
Koebeli ; the greatest human being known to man ! 
So I just got a wake up call From < PROPFEMALE > Koenig and < PROPFEMALE > Waddell . After whipping out my weapons I was subsequently kidnapped . Overall pretty great morning =) 
Just got home from childrens , thanks everyone for your support . The three of us should be fine but < PROPFIRST > will probably be in the hospital for a few more days . Now I gotta pick between a nap or a shower ... 
Would anyone be able to pick me up tomorrow so I can get some new glasses ? 
Saw < PROPFIRST > in the hospital , she looks better than I was expecting . The three of us had a good laugh about the nurses making fun of us for only asking about each other . Managed to get my glasses back and somewhat repaired , although I'll probably still need new ones . 
\You won't be thinking of cars when\ 
\Um ... I'm beautiful . So we should get together and make gorgeous babies ! \"" 
Managed to make it home in one piece . I HATE driving home from downtown ! 
got absolutely no sleep last night ... 
Just got back from orientation , got my schedule , the people there are awesome ! Now we gotta figure out where this money's coming from ... 
Today just keeps getting better and better =D <3 
Gotta run to the bank , then to the college for some free food ! After that I can hopefully spend some time with < PROPFEMALE > Law and have the perfect end to a great week =) 
has the most amazing girlfriend in the world ! =) 
First day of classes tomorrow and my phones getting turned off ... I shouldn't be this nervous ... 
Two more classes and then I've officially finished my first day of college . Hopefully after that I can go home and see some of my favorite girls =) And to all the highschoolers out there : good luck ! 
Survived the first day of college but now my phone's turned off . I need to unwind , any takers ? 
So mom extended my phone for another month , just need to find some kind of cashflow between now and then . 
I got a free planner , free mountain dew , great food , and I went down a slip ' n slide . How was your school day ? 
Finally got my laptop working again ! Such a relief ! 
Went up to the high school to see my girlfriend and girlfriends best friend ! Great way to start the weekend =) <3 
Strange just walking around seeing people make connections right in front of you . 
where has my day gone ? 
No homework tonight ! Somebody text me =) 
needs to get out of his house ! 
\So what have we learned today ? That self-respect gives you better stats than love . \ " Went and finally saw < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Then we ran into < PROPFEMALE > Zimmerman and < PROPFIRST > Gebing before going to Steak N ' Shake . Overall a fun night ! " 
would go on a drive if I didn't need that gas for something productive 
Apparently everything's my fault , shame I already knew that . Damn , this is going to be a stressful week ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Law just made my week so much better . Kiss slow and enjoy life <3 
Someone tell me how I ended up at school an hour early ... 
This is killing me ... 
To all my friends going to UC bright and early tomorrow : Good luck and I hope you all have a nice first day at school . Play nice with the other kids and try not to clog up 75 , you're not the only ones that have to use that highway =) 
When did everyone become so interested in sports !? 
So apparently if I can't pay tuition by Wednesday I won't have classes anymore ... well it was fun while it lasted ... I can't even sleep 
My week started off with a sex story , I have a feeling this is going to be a good week LMAO 
So my speech class got canceled today . I mean yay no class but that means I could still be in bed right now ... my next class isn't until 1:40 
doesn't have class until 1:40 tomorrow ! 
went to see < PROPFEMALE > Moore , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , and baby < PROPMALE > . So nice to hear that they're all happy and healthy . Best luck to all of them =) 
I'm tired , missing my girl , my pimp , girlfriends best friend , and all the people I haven't seen in what seems like forever ... 
Got to spend time with the most beautiful woman on the planet < PROPFEMALE > Law then we went to Skyline with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Schneider . Really great and awkward night ... 
I feel like shit ... we'll see if I can get out of bed in the morning 
Home sick AGAIN , I am so fucked ... 
She's giving up ... I can't blame her 
Partners not here to work on the speech ... well shit 
One class at 2 and then I get to enjoy a 4 day weekend . God I love Fall break ! 
Why does everyone think I hate them after every little thing ? Man I hate that ... 
Fuck my head is killing me ... 
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just want us to be okay again ... 
Finished my presentation ! Probably won't pass ... but it's done ! 
Pro-tip : Don't go to homecoming until after you graduate . That's the best way to be awesome . 
Gonna wake up sore in the morning , but it was worth it to < PROPFEMALE > out some awesome people and spend the night with < PROPFEMALE > Law , the most amazing person in my life ! Homecoming was fantastic and I am < PROPFEMALE > tired , goodnight world ! 
I hear all these people saying sex ruins relationships , so does that mean that marriage isn't a relationship ? 
Made it home in one piece , can't say the same for my nerves ... 
It seems all those suggestions to watch the nostalgia critic were well-based ... who knew ? 
Our fathers were our models for god . If \ 
our father bailed what does that tell you about god ? Have you considered\ 
the probability that god does not like you ? He never wanted you , in all\ 
probability , he HATES you ! This is not the worst thing that can happen . \ 
We are gods unwanted children ? So be it ! Fuck damnation man ! Fuck redemption ! 
This day needs to get better fast ... 
Anyone know where I can find decent teen crash stats for Kentucky or Ohio ? It would be much appreciated . 
Shpadoinkle 
Why do I feel so disconnected from the world ? Ah well , goodnight all . 
Ladies remember : you're all beautiful ! 
I fell off a mountain today , what did you do ? =) 
Apparently my laptop decided charging was overrated , well I've moved on !... I want you back ! 
really wants to play laptag ... 
\ ' Cause you caught me off guard now I'm running and screaming\ " ... god the memories ... " 
Bitches be crazy ! =) 
Where in the college rulebook does it say that people have to change so much ? I know it's inevitable but damn is it harsh . 
Okay US bank , you win . Because of you I can't go to school ! 
I get to spend the rest of my weekend with my favorite girl , what are you doing ? 
Happy turkey day people ! 
Finally got new tires ! 
It's nice to be able to laugh even with everything that's going on . Thanks < PROPFIRST > 
You once said that we could make it through anything as long as we worked together . I've made my mistakes and I will make it up with whatever it takes , this is just another challenge for us to face . Hate me if you need to , but I can't stop loving you . 
Give me my second < PROPMALE > and I'll prove myself . But as it is now maybe I should of just died in that car , saved us both the trouble . 
I know I made a mistake , and I intend on fixing it anyway I can . Earning the second < PROPMALE > may be impossible but giving up would just mean I never cared at all . 
I can't handle being this much of a disappointment ... 
She's the only one that can make me blubber like an idiot ... why am I okay with that ? 
The city of Cincinnati would like to welcome the third annual white death in honor of all those summer days that we miss oh so much ! 
Just got a zero on my online final because my internet decided today would be a fabulous day to not work ! FML ! 
Snow ? Guess Im done with final then ! 
Party just ended , lots of fun guys ! Thanks for coming ! 
I believe in < PROPFEMALE > Christ ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Krismas ! 
Updating from my new phone ! 
766-1946\ 
\ 
New number , text me some names ! 
is apparently now a gemini ... um ... 
I dont know what this feeling is but I know its not good ... 
Ice skating with my favorite girl ! 
Days like this I wish I could just go outside and sit by a beach to watch the sky . Forget the world for a while . 
Praying for no fever dreams tonight =( 
I believe there's some kind of sportsball thing going on today . I'm sure i'll hear about it ... eventually . 
It's so cold the metal is shivering ! 
One of the best nights ever . Period . No arguments . 
The only real virtue is thought 
Cock , nuts , and buns with my favorite girl , delicious ;-) 
Imaginary money is a terrible thing , this will be what destroys me . 
I realize Ive made mistakes in the past , but that does NOT mean people can use that to their advantage ! Ugh , I need a distraction . 
\Louder than gods revolver and twice as shiny !! \"" 
Multiple earthquakes in Japan including an 8.9 , followed by tsunamis . Wow ... 
Just stumbled facebook ... huh 
Trying desperately not to fall asleep in my chair ... 
I need more movies to add to my netflix list , any suggestions ? 
May the Amandarinelly sister rest in peace ... 
Another unintentional all-nighter ? Might as well try and find something to do . 
I get the feeling this is going to be a depressing week ... better keep myself busy . 
\where the fuck are we going to get a trebuche !? \ " \ 
Shut up and smile 
I will be pulling an all-nighter in an attempt to fix my sleeping schedule ... anyone care to help ? 
Happy zombie Jesus day ! Time to go get chocolate wasted . 
now has a hamster 
If anyone out there in internet land wants to try to fix my laptop I would greatly appreciate it . As it stands the piece of crap wont even start up ... 
Just saw a double rainbow . Allthe way ! 
I just got < PROPMALE > rolled watching Dr. Who ... 
just got to free passes to an early showing of Thor on Tuesday at 7:30 , who wants to come with ? 
Gonna go ahead and ask again , I have two tickets to a showing of Thor Tuesday night . Anyone wanna go with ? 
