Happy New Year Everyone ! :D 

To start off the new year I just saw the movie \LEGACY OF TRON . \"" 
I in a love mood . :) What I mean is that I love God , I'm really happy with my friends and my life . 
I love the quizes that I took . <3 I hope you guys like them . 
Has anyone every day dreamed before ? Because I sure would like to know if your < PROPMALE > to share some of your dreams will me . PLEASE :) 
This is something I felt like saying . Even though I'm in pain I'll still help people when their sick or hurt in some way despite what condition I'm in . This is because of love . :) 
Hey you guys I got great news ! =D I got cruches and my pain is going away ! But it's still there . And I'm feeling better than yesterday . :) <3 Have a nice day you guys ! But I have some bad news ...... I LOST THE GAME ! :) hahaha 
I just realized one thing that I couldn't live without . It is either my friends or music . If either one of these was gone I don't know what I would do . ( This is what I have been thinking of all day ) Oh yeah and my injured foot is healing faster than I thought . It's amazing ! :) 
If only things were just as easy as they were said . Then things would be a whole lot easier . :) But I guess that would take away the fun in it . There's always a price to everything , I suppose . :) 
Life and Love have something in common , you'll never know exactly where either one will take you . Think about it . :) 
Another day went by and I had a awesome talk with my best friend . :) 
Have wonderful time , even if it's simple . Enjoy the simplicities of life for as long as you have them . These are my words of wisdom . :) 
I recently ate a chinese buffet resturant . There was good food over there . :) Did you know that doghnuts are different in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Love needs to shared among everyone across the entire globe . Right now , IDKY , I feel I should somebody , and I don't care who . All I know is that it feels great when you/I help somebody with their problems . :) <3 
Just now I worked out harder than I ever had in the past and I feel like dropping on the floor , resting , without any concern to what I land on . 
I hate it when you're trying to think of a something to write about and no idea comes to mind but it only comes when least expect it and it's one of your best ideas . I wish I could control that and have good ideas more often . :) 
I writing more and more poems every day . I think I'm getting good at it . :) 
I just saw an ant die this morning in one of the baptismal founts in the chapel at my school . Poor ant , at least it died holy . :( R.I.P. Holy Ant 
There's a gigantic rainbow over my house and one end of it is on .... a construction site . :/ Oh well , It still magnificent though . :D 
I having a hard time writing more poems . I need some more ideas . Can anyone help me ? I appreciate any help . :) 
is having aggravating time with Geometry homework . :( 
I just went to my neighborhood's annual block party and I spilled lemonade on my pants ! lol EPIC FAIL ! xD 
It feels as though this week has been slow and a bit busy for everyone I know . I wonder how this school year is going to end , how my parish is going to be without Fr . < PROPMALE > , how this summer is going to turn out and how a new school year is going to be like . :/ I guess we'll all know when we get there . I LOVE GOD for that He has given me . <3 
May God bless you all ! :) 
I'm cleaning my entire house as a gift to my mom . I hope I can do it all . :) 
Is it just me or has it been a long day ? :) 
is having crazy day dreams while listening to music . :) 
has just seen another episode of Criminal Minds a few days ago and wrote two new poems but hasn't posted them yet . :) 
The future holds many things that are uncertain and we don't know what will happen . All we can do now is pray that it will all work with the grace of God . :) 
Everyones wonders what happens everyone else's lives . :) 
Just wo more weeks untill summer for me . Yay ! ^o^ 
I hope one day we can all be happy and share joy with those whom we each help out and become new and good friends with . :) 
I am always suprised , good or bad , at what life throws at me . It's hard to enjoy and see the bright side everything but we can all do it . :) 
is finishing extra essays before exams come . :) 
One more week until summer . :) 
I feel so really bad right now , I have a bad headache and I can't go to sleep . :( 
I don't feel like studying but I have to do it . :/ 
4 more days until summer for me and counting down . Hay ! :D 
3 days until summer and counting ! =) 
Only 2 days and 3 exams left until summer for me ! Yay ! :D 
One day left and two exams ! I can't wait ! Summer's only a day away ! =D 
Yay !!!!! ^_^ Summer's herer !!!!! =D Hmmm , now what ? :/ 
Turning your worst problem into your greatest joy is easy to do , if you think about it . ;) 
My toliet's handle broke ! No !!!! :( 
is planning my future . :) 
I just cleaned every room in my house , washed the table , cleaned the counters , cleaned my room and bathroom , sorted out the food pantry , vaccumed the stairs and worked out for 1 hour . I did all this withot being told to , I feel so accomplished and tired . :) 
Another day of summer is almost done and I had a great time . :) 
I can't believe it ! So many things are happening this weekend , I wonder how it's all going to turn out ? :) 
When you're down and out , \ 
When you're on the street , \ 
When evening falls so hard , \ 
I will comfort you , \ 
I'll take your part . ;) 
I went to my first < PROPMALE > league baseball game in Arlington yesterday when the Rangers beat Tampa Bay ! I had such a great time at my first baseball game ! :D 
I'm so bored ! X ( I'm stuck at home doing chores for most of my summer and I'll be bored out my mind ! Somebody help me !!!!!!!!! :( 
Life is good and so is God ! :) 
I looked up myself on Google and I get someone else with my exact name . * I need to go talk to myself about this . * lol Jk ! :D 
Reminders about yourself can be a great blessing . * I feel like a wise old man right now * :) 
is cooling off after a rigorous workout . XD 
is a bit lonely . 
This is a question for anyone who can read this : When you pray for something like bravery , does God make you brave or does he give you the oppurtunity to become brave ? 
is worried . 
is daydreaming about being able to walk normally . 
is surprised . 
is in a good mood . :) 
is jammin ' to music and acting wild . :) 
lost the game . ;p 
Why's transposing music so hard ? X ( 
When I was watering the grass , I ended up watering myself too . xD 
is having a bitter-sweet moment . I'm excited for my annual Florida trip but I'm sad since I couldn't talk to my best friend . 
One of the most stupidest laws ever created is : In Texas you can't threaten someone with an unloaded gun . :p 
Me and my mom helped my dad finish building our new gate just before our annual vacation trip to Florida . See you guys in a several days . :) 
Is having a blast in Florida !!! :D 
is back from Florida and had a great time !!! :D 
is wondering on what to do . 
is waiting . 
is soaked with sweat . XD 
The chore I hate the most is pulling weeds . >_< 
I pulled a ton of weeds along with my dad and I earned $20 ! Yay ! :D I like pulling weeds now and I'm not saying that because I earned some cash . 
The song that best describes who I am is < PROPMALE > & Garfunkel's Bridge Over Troubled Water . What about anyone else ? :) 
I just a cute , little , brown , cottin-tail < PROPFEMALE > scurry by me in my backyard while I was watering the plants . It was so cute ! :) 
is finishing out his ICEE . :) 
Don't Stop Believin ' . . . In GOD !!! xD 
I had an awesome time at the Sacred Heart Anniversay Mass/Celebration ! :D I helped with the drink stand through out most of the celebration . Oh ! By surprise , I accidently offended somone . :/ Later I learned that it wasn't my fault and now I'm just happy . :) 
Today is the day I get to start my driver's < PROPMALE > class ! I'm so exciti < PROPMALE > ! :D 
I went to Spring Creek and the guy at the register charged me with the wrong food so to keep my family quiet about he gave my mom and sister two cobblers and me a bowl full of ice cream . Life is good ! ;) 
needs a hair cut . XD 
My first of summer band camp and I get is plenty of music and a tan . :) 
Watching \Full Metal Alchemist\ " is a blast ! It's just a giant chemistry equation shown in a fantastic way ! :D " 
No matter what I do I can't pick a single hairstyle to change my hair to . :( SOMEONE !!! PLEASE HELP ME !!!!! 
Coming Soon : The Adventures of Dante : the Cute Guinea Pig !!! :D 
I'm wondering how DPS will react if I tell them that I have cerebral palsy while learning how to drive . 
I finally got my permit ! I can't wait to start driving ! Wahooooooooo !!! :D 
While playing on my mom's guitar and practicing my first first notes on it , it made me realize how wonderful music and practicing is . I now wonder where has my passion for practicing my trumpet gone and why . It seems I should get back to practicing my trumpet once again and , this time I hope , continue doing to get better at it . ;) 
My driver's < PROPMALE > course final exam is today with 75 questions . I hope I do well enough to pass . :) 
is pulling weeds . 
My first day of school is tomorrow . I feel happy that school begins and that my boredom goes away but I feel sad since summer ends and the flood of homework comes on by again . Oh well , I'll just make the best of it . :) 
My first day of school was longer than I thought . I had a 4 hour band practice in the summer heat right after school ended but thankful I don't march . :) Oh , we're also playing Bad Romance this year . 
My second day of school had finally passed and was as long as yesterday . I hope the rest of the year isn't this long . Even if it's going to be that way I'm still going to make the best of it . :) 
is using < PROPFEMALE > Stone to learn Spanish . :) 
My 3rd time of pratice driving and it was the best one yet ! This time I went with my dad instead of my mom . I was surprised when my dad told me to drive through streets and intersections since with my mom only let me drive in parking lots . I finally got somewhat used to driving at 30 mph . I hope the rest of driving experience would be like today . :D 
Last night's football game was awesome ! Even though I don't like football . However we won 36 - 8 and I played our \Catch Me if You Can ! \ " theme with the band and other songs so as \ " I Feel Good\ " and \ " Bad Romance\ " in the stands . It was an amazing night ! :D " 
wonders what life would be like if I didn't exsist ? * This isn't a suicidal thought ; I'm just curious ! * :/ 
is doing laundry . 
is doing homework and praticing . 
had an excellent tine at last night's football game . We won 25 -22 , it was a close game . Before the game I got new friends and was a good friend to my friends . Later on the way home I had adrenilin rush and an 30 minutes I passed out . What an amazing night ! :D 
It's wonderful having the peace of mind of knowing that being around your friends and family is being surrounded by their love for you . :) <3 
Today's tornado got very close to BL but all we got was a lot of rain . It exciting though ! :D 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > at Faith Formation ! ;D 
I just figured out that I'm a romanticist of movies and entertainment in general but with some action mixed in with it . 
What do I do ? What I do choose to be ? I'm so confussed . Somebody HHHHHEEEEEELLLLLPPPPPP !!!!!!! DX 
is over his depression . :) 
Drove on the highway for the first time about 6 hours ago . It was thrilling . Plus I was kind of nervous because my dad was pounding on his side of the car pretending he had a brake pedal . Overall it was amazing ! ;D 
The two most unlikely roomates are : < PROPMALE > Cosby and Hitler . ;) 
A person who truly loves you will never let you go , no matter how hard the situation is . A true friend reaches for your hand and touches your heart . A good person will never betray you and will always support you . :) 
just daydreamed about presenting his entire life from begining tp present day all in a movie in front of all BL , Sacred Heart and all of my friends revealing all of the bad things in my life that I keep secret . In the daydream it was called \The Life of < PROPFIRST > B . Weseman : The Good & Bad Sides . \"" 
Ugh !! DX I just came from a football game and now I have to go to a band contest tommorow at 9 A.M. I'm going to hate this week . 
wonders what God planned for him in his life as he drives through the fog of mystery and excitement only to see patches of the road ahead due to the support from the gifts of family and friends that God has given him . 
is daydreaming how wonderful it is making new good and close friends and is daydreaming how awesome my current and forever-lasting friends are . I LOVE YOU GUYS !!! <3 
One of my family's ducks fell victim to a natural predator . I think it was a cat that killed Panic during the cover of darkness . It's so sad . :( 
Another blow to our family ! Now we've lost another duck to , what we think is , a cat attack . I'm so sad . DX 
Another sad news report of my life : A bobcat ( a.k.a. < PROPMALE > the cat ) struck again and killed another duck but this time the horrible animal actually broke in the pen and killed Calm . Now all that's left of the 4 duck is < PROPFEMALE>'s duck . DX 
Everyone I have wonderful news !!!! :D 
has a mean headache . 
Note to self : Never drink coffee again . If I do then drink the entire bottle next time . 
Everyone one of my friends who are not part of the BL band . WE WON STATE !!!!!!! YEAH !!!!!!! And we got four awards to show for it !!!! YAHOO !!!!!! :D ( Check my photos for the new album I just posted ! ) 
I drove my family's fanciest car today . I was so nervous because it's so expensive to repair and plus it's has twice the horse power and reactivity than to the car I'm used to driving . Thankfully , I didn't get a single scratch on it . :) 
If there is one I'm good at it's self-examination . 
hugged Katlin < PROPFIRST > . :) 
I love it when God helps you through life because it's love He's showering you with and it's amazing ! :D 
Life is nothing without it's irony . 
chatted with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Jones ! ;D 
It turns out my name actually means \A dark haired gift of God that dwells in a meadow . \ " So I had my name's slighty wrong . Oh well . :) " 
Yesterday , overall , was a really amazing day for me . The only bad thing that happened was that we won the football at San < PROPFIRST > against Holy Cross 53 - 30 , that means the band and I go to < PROPMALE > for the next game next Saturday . However , on the bright side , I get to spend more time with my best friend . ;) 
had an excellent chat with his big sister yesterday . I love you big sis ! :D 
I bought new shoes and they are black . Which is different for me since I favor white over black . BTW , they're awesome ! :D 
Yeah ! Hooray ! Yahoo ! I FINALLY GOT MY LETTERMAN JACKET !!!! :D 
This is what happened to me just 1 hour ago . Be sure to read the next comment . LOL It's funny ! XD 
is making two pizzas with the cook , his sister . :) 
' s flashdrive just found out that his flash drive just went through the washer and dryer and is hoping that all of the files still work and are unharmed . :/ 
Thanksgiving is over . All that's left now is the calm before the storm of Christmas as day by day it slowly heightens our anticipation and suspence for gifts and joy on the anual day celebrating the birth of Jesus Christ . 
For once in a long time , I actually practiced my trumpet AT HOME !!! I feel so proud of myself right now . :) 
Thanks to the support and encouragement I got from my two best friends , < PROPFEMALE > & Cat , I started making changes in my life and found the motivation to keep them . Thanks again you two ! :D 
is feeling conflicted . 
I don't know if anyone else has noticed but , it seems that eveyone has changed their profile pictures all at once for some reason . :/ 
Acoording to a good friend of mine , I'm a chick magnet . :) 
Exams next week and I plan on studying like there's no tomorrow . And 16 days until Christmas . X ) 
is having a bad day . :( 
Exams are here for me for the next 4 days and I hope I do well on of them . :) \ 
* BTW , prayers are appreciated . * ;) 
I'm drawing beginner anime faces and , in my opinion , I'm doing half-way decent . Surprisingly I CAN draw something fairly well ! Yay ! ^_^ 
When my dad inadvertently got lost coming home I had to guide him out of Frisco and McKinney . :) 
HHHHOOOORRRRRAAAAAYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!! Exams are finished ! And .... Wineter Break Begins ! 2 Weeks of R&R ! Yay ! ^_^ 
Yay ! Now I'm only one step away from taking my driver's license test ! ^_^ 
is lonely . 
is feeling nostalgic right now . Ah memories . :) 
Roadtrip day has arrived and I hope I don't get bored on the way to and back . :) 
Now I'm back , I love being home again . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas To All & To All a Good Night ! :D 
is wonderfully lost in nostalgia and fantasies . 
Hey does anyone want a date ? Because I can get you one . ;) 
I finally have my own laptop ! Wahoo ! This is awesome ! :D 
Put ( POKE ) me if u ever had a crush on me or still do\ 
Put ( LIKE ) this status if u think i am a good friend\ 
Put ( MESSAGE ) me if u ever wanted a relationship with me\ 
Put ( COMMENT ) on this if we have had good memories\ 
NOW LETS SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT ON THEIR STATUS 
After looking up only my last name I discovered that my family owns an engineering company for race cars and a construction company . 
It's been said many times many ways IT'S SNOWING !!!!! :D 
Today I found that my next door neighbor died . DX 
ATTENTION !!!!! To all of those whom have read my depressing poem , I've deleted it . Thanks to the support of my friends , in other words to those who have read it , I've realized the error of my ways and will never do that again . Thank you all for help . Thanks you being my good friends . ;) 
crashed and fell asleep on his bed due to caffine . DX 
It's so warm outside , you know ? I don't even need a thick coat anymore . Would any like to buy ice cream and eat it outside with me ? XD 
For the first time in my life I got asked out to a dance by one of my best friends . =D 
\Ask and it will be given to you ; seek and you will find ; knock and the door will be opened to you . \ " < PROPFIRST > 7:7 " 
Went to the Sixth-Floor Museum and Old Red Courthouse , had an awesome lunch with Cat and her father and I'm feeling relaxed . To end this day , a peaceful rest is calling . A good day ? I think so . ;) 
YYYEEEESSSS !!!!!!! NO SCHOOL FOR ME TOMORROW !!!!!! WWWWWAAAAAHHHOOOO !!!!!! XD 
\I kissed a girl and I liked it\ 
Just came back from exploring my two backyards with my sister and boy do I have pictures for all to see ! It's a wonderful winter wonderland ! A sea of white , sheets of ice and blankets of snow ! It's amazing ! :D 
Passing around a game : I'd like my Facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right . Just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . X ) 
Just watched an episode of The Big Bang Theory . :) 
Yay ! The Super Bowl is finally here ! Yahoo ! ;D 
Best Half-Time Show EVER !!!!!!!!!!!! XD 
:) , :p , ;) , :D , :3 , : * , >:( , B ) , Bl , >:O , o.O , (^^^) , :o , :v , -_- , 3 :) , :/ , :( , :'( , : putnman : , : l ] , <3 , O: ) , ^_^ , <(\) : The emoticons of Facebook . " 
Had a good time at Pure Reality with < PROPFEMALE > ! A good day ? I think so . ;D 
feels at peace while washing the pots and pans . Ah . :) 
Finished watching all of the epsiodes of \Strawberry Panic ! \ " :) " 
I'm so P . O . ed at DPS !!!!!! >:( 
Failed my driver's license test today and was a little disappointed but I got some good practice in thanks to my dad's help . Plus the < PROPFEMALE > weather changed my mood a bit too . Now I look to avenge my loss so DPS , look out ! :D 
When the today darkens , tomorrow becomes 10x brighter ; whenever that is . 
Joke of the day : The human cannon ball just died a few days ago . I know it's sad . When the company was asked what they were going to do they replied , \We don't know where we can find a man of the caliber . \"" 
When you can always be yourself around people then that's when you know you're in the right crowd . ( Quote made by me . ) 
SIBLING WAR !! Copy and paste this if you're the best and smartest of your siblings . If it stands for one hour without them protesting it , it's so true . 
Something very ineteresting happened to me today . I got hit on by a gay guy . O.o 
(: . yrots a gnitirw si nameseW wehttaM (<-- read backwards ) 
Wow ! Today has been a crazy day for me on Facebook because I set a personal record of , at least , having 50 notifications . Idk exactly how many I got , I lost count after 20 . XP 
I'm having an amazing birthday ! :D 
had unforgetable awesome friendship bonding time with his best friend Katie-chan and newly met friends Lisa-chan and Ryan-kun . :D 
What makes a relationship of any kind , between any two people , fun and sucessful is with God . For He knows what the both of you truly < PROPFEMALE > and He will let the both you experience what that is together , whether the two of you know it or not . ;) 
You daily news report : Our top story - Psychic convention closed today due to unforeseen events . 
hates allerges !!!!! X ( 
