In Thailand , and its awesome 

Discovered the ultimate bitch drink that gets you hammered ! 
Got in a car accident , my car is fucked up , pictures later ... 
Fuck the Jets ! 
RIP EMC Conyers . He died today doing a job many electricians on the ship have done too many times to count . You will be missed . 
Back from another exhausting day of airsoft . Had a blast , trying to recruit more people to do this . 
You know , no one ever told me that idiots can be this mentally exausting . 
In florida now until wednesday 
Back at work today . FML . FTN . 
The static comes alive\ 
Beneath the broken skies\ 
< PROPFIRST > Perkins said it right\ 
Love is the final fight\ 
\ 
Let it rise above\ 
Rise above\ 
There is no song\ 
Louder than love\ 
This is the sound of a heartbeat\ 
this is the sound of the discontented mouths\ 
of a haunted nation\ 
we are the voice of breaking down\ 
Can you hear me ? \ 
This is the sound of the desperation bound\ 
by our own collision\ 
we are the voice of breaking down 
Another day I feel further from myself . 
So I love booking a hotel for the wrong day , getting charged for it . Booking another hotel at another place and it being terrible . I am wondering wtf did I do . 
Alright so after 8 Days in Hawaii , its time for a summary post :\ 
Day 1 : < PROPFIRST > Orsini's Birthday party . Spent $130 just for buying people shots , and $80 dollars for cab round trip to and from the ship . \ 
Day 2 : Duty\ 
Day 3 : Went to Maunawili Falls . Jumped off about a 30ft jump into the spring below . < PROPFIRST > got his wallet and cell phone stolen . Saw Twilight ( Don't judge me)\ 
Day 4 : A whole bunch of Nothing . 
I'd rather hate myself for failing , then hate my life for never having tried . 
Football Sunday everyone ! Going to watch the Dolphins whoop the Jets on SNF . If they don't well I will probably just post a bitch post like < PROPFIRST > did when his Pats got whooped on . The funny part is the Pats did worse when they stopped blitzing after the Jets lost Revis . Anyways , game on Today J-Mac , we will see who is the best in the AFC East and who's better on fantasy , too . 
Another reason I hate the Navy : Giving me the flu every year when I am otherwise perfectly healthy . 
Out to sea for a month , on my second to last underway in the Navy . Thankfully the Navy gave me one big one to go out with after this one . If you need me , message me here or at my email . 
I am down to my last year left in the Navy , but it seems that the most challenging path has yet been placed in front of me . For this last year I am setting an active goal to be polite , understanding , and patient ; values which I have lost since I have enlisted and are part of me that I need to portray . Posting this might be slightly self-serving but worth it to those in my life whom might wish to know status about me . 
Trans Siberian Orchestra was awesome . Highly recommended show for anyone to see . 
Thank you everyone for your Birthday Comments , made my crappy day on duty feel better . 
Another year comes crashing down , with all the weight and all the sound , where the water exits high and leaves forgiven ; it goes on and on and on . Can I get it back from this ? Unfold the lights , a haze dismissed . Where I couldn't remember the way I used to be , when its all that's left of me . 
I'll stand through all these lines just to make it make to you . 
Your pain is always accurate and striving to evade its only design , it wants to strike you down to fall into its arms again . 
So far for 2011 , Snowboarding - Awesome ; The Navy - Not . 
Party at our place tonight for Pyle's 30th B-Day . Call/ Text me or < PROPFIRST > if you need directions . 
