THURSDAY 8 P.M. SOUNDSTAGE . BE THERE . 

I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick I hate being sick 
Does reality have a real logical start ? Or are we simply existing among a universe where the only requirement for existence is the ability to think ? Do we actually have the capability of intelligence ? There's so much about existence we don't even know exists . How then can we claim to be intelligent ? Everything that exists does so only to those that perceive it to exist , everyone else is dillusional . 
Anyone one still wants a ticket to the show tonight in Conway can still get one . Cool Kind Of Nice with < PROPFIRST > Goff and For The Day at the Soundstage in Conway at 8 . Give me a call 325-451-0012 or meet us there . Tickets are $6.00 . 
If you ever want something to get done , take charge and do it yourself . Especially if you not stepping up benefits everyone but you . Don't lie down with wolves unless you intend to fight for what you eat . 
Contradictory statement towards everyones beliefs . Yay for conflict !!! 
\I grew up without a home at least one I could call my own and i found this little town out in the woods where people were generous grateful and just as missunderstood . \ " Schwagstock Hodown-HOMEWARD BOUND-Brother Leadfeather " 
See you Goldthwaite people tomorrow sometime . Heading out in the morning . 
I think I'm changing my degree to Guitar Performance ... any comments ? haha 
I almost feel like I'm back in Wisconsin ... but the snow's nowhere near as deep haha . 
Watching the Winter Olympics luge ... definitely one of the most intense things I've ever seen .... Definitely .... 
If you make enemies on both sides of the border , you'll end up dead . 
Anyone know a place to play some music around here ? If you need an acoustic opening act I'll open for you ... I'm also a member in two other bands so if you need an opening band or would simply like to do a show together contact me and we'll work something out . 
Looking forward to 4:30 ... eating at Kelly-Wyatts with my cousins and then off to see some live music . 
Wore a sweater made by a lover , on a holiday made for a < PROPMALE > . Yours is of the finest fabric and mine old , worn and torn . I walk slowly to the door and gaze as the snow covers the south . 
Just slap him . Do the drunk slap , let your arm go limp and BAM !!! 
Don't bring me down just because you need a pick me up . Pick yourself up , or at least ask for help . I'm not your rock or hard place , but I can be what stops your fall . The rest is up to you . 
Class at two then that stupid ten hour drive . See everyone in Goatwit tomorrow . 
Just got my car out of the shop and now I'm stuck in Greenville because something else is wrong ........... awesome ......... 
I wish people would take what I say as what I say and not what they don't want to hear . Grow up . 
Who am I to say that I will never be that man again ? Who am I to say that I will ever be much different ? We find ourselves here again in pointless conversation . My head is spinning round and round with all these complications . They got me feeling happy , got me feeling blue , got my heart racing . Wandering after you . 
Don't we < PROPFEMALE > 49 different flavorific flavors including Pineapple Blurt . 
He said I looked like a bonafide Sludgesickle man . 
I wish I had my own cherade brigade .... That would be Awesome ! 
My daddy was a rattle snake and momma wore a six gun . 
The new like thing on facebook reminds me of that < PROPFIRST > Bacon game . 
Ah the joys of a flash flood !! 
< PROPFIRST > White blows my mind . That much talent should NOT be given to one person . I swear he's like cranberry ... he's getting in all the other juices !! 
Brother Leadfeather at Soundstage 1008 Oak Street Conway Arkansas on Wednesday May 5th . $5.00 at the door . We're playing with Ragen Gagen and A Moment of Fierce Determination . Be 
Brother Leadfeather at Soundstage 1008 Oak Street Conway Arkansas on Wednesday May 5th . $5.00 at the door . We're playing with Ragen Gagen and A Moment of Fierce Determination . BE THERE !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Dog is intense in case you haven't seen it . Just watched it again ... makes me feel empty inside ... I can't even imagine being in that kids shoes . 
It's 4:23 in the morning ... can't sleep and I have finals tomorrow .... well this sucks . 
I tried , played it safe and fell behind living in this life of denial . I sing my songs in the night , to the ones that don't want to hear them . I am , just a little bit unsure of the world we live in and destroy . It's so hard to see the good anymore in this world we live in and destroy . 
Also , don't forget WEDNESDAY MAY 5TH AT 8 P.M. BROTHER LEADFEATHER WILL BE PLAYING AT SOUNDSTAGE IN CONWAY ARKANSAS WITH RAGEN GAGEN AND A MOMENT OF FIERCE DETERMINATION ADDRESS : 1008 OAK STREET CONWAY ARKANSAS COST : $5.00 COME LISTEN TO YOUR NEW FAVORITE BAND !! www.myspace.com/brotherleadfeather 
Anyone that has anything at my house that they want before I leave better come get it either today or tomorrow cause I'm gone Thursday . Text me or something to let me know you're coming to get it !! 
Off to take my last final ... come on brain don't fail me now haha ... I hate history . 
About to try my hand at recording acoustics again . Whoo !!! haha . 
If you look inside this world you'll see different colors in a life spent with many different lovers . I give you my world I feel I am in trouble I dread the day I ask you to stay and tremble alone . I sit silent in unspoken feelings . I dreamed I was flying high above the ceiling . Hooked on the same suspicion tired of disaster . I dread one day you'll be fine without me alone . 
Playing around on this six string singing songs I wrote when you weren't around and leaves all turn to orange and fell to the ground while the sun < PROPFEMALE > in an autumn sky it seems profound I wish I could be home again and we wont have to be alone anymore . 
I can't believe you still blame me . I can't believe you wont move on . I can't believe you're still living in the past . Pray for your future , it's all you have left . 
How hard is it to fly a kite in the rain ? I wish it would rain , then I would have my answer . 
Going to the National Guitar Workshop July 18-23 for the Blues Seminar . Gotta get my guitar chops up to par haha !! 
Just found out < PROPMALE > Sumlin and < PROPMALE > Margolin are going to be at the National Guitar Workshop in < PROPFIRST > . Hopefully I'll get to jam with them at some point !!!! Stupid < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is going to < PROPFEMALE > California and Connecticut but not < PROPFIRST > .... What a rip off !!! 
Happy 70th Ringo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
34 hours and I will be in < PROPFIRST > . Definitely looking forward to the National Guitar Workshop . A week of nothing but playing the blues sounds like heaven to me haha . 
Man ... Summers go by to fast . Otep concert tomorrow , barbershop concert Saturday , move < PROPFEMALE > into the dorms Sunday , and then I have to get ready to go back on the 20th and school starts back the 23rd .... Man ..... 
Today's gonna be interesting . 
Classes from 8-8 ... awesome .... Congratulations self-scheduling , you have proven yourself flawed . 
Cowboys are terrible tonight ... they better get it together before week one . This is pathetic . 
Thinking about attempting to cover Love , Hate , Love by < PROPFEMALE > In Chains ... possibly haha .... 
Flip flip flipadelphia flip flip flipadelphia flip flip flipadelphia 
Ok , so apparently if you don't lock your phone before you put it in your pocket , you'll end up deleting all your contacts . Anyone who wants me to have their number send me a message with your number . Thanks . 
Pull me out of body , don't want it , don't want in . Feeble frail and rotting , descending . I'm lost in a structure that's collapsing . Don't want it cast into maker take the body don't want it it wants me . 
So I'm watching the Miami vs . < PROPFIRST > game replay on Fox Sports Southwest and < PROPFIRST > McGee has made me proud haha . Another Aggie wearing a Cowboys uniform and having success . 
Working on the vocals for Love , Hate , Love ... I can hit the notes , but I'm no match for < PROPFEMALE > Staley haha . 
Aggies up 7-0 over SFA 15 seconds left in the first 
Aggies 10 SFA 0 
WHOO !! Interception 17-0 Aggies !! 
17-7 Aggies 4:24 left in the first half 
20-7 Aggies at half 
27-7 Fighting Texas Aggies !! 9:51 left in the third and the Aggies just recovered a fumble !! Gig ' em 
WHOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!! 34-7 Aggies !!! Gig ' em Aggies !!! 6:52 left in the third . 
41-7 Fighting Texas Aggies 4:02 in the third . Gig ' em Aggies !! 
48-7 Aggies 7:42 left in the game . 
When passion's lost , and all the trust is gone . Way to far . For way to long . Children crying , cast out and neglected only in a world so cold , only in a world this cold . 
Whoever invented the concept of time , why couldn't they make 8 o'clock classes start at like noon . 
Cheat the odds that made you brave to try to gamble at times . Well I feel like dirty laundry sending sickness on down the line . Tell you why , cause I'm jealous , jealous again thought it time to let you in . Yeah I'm jealous , jealous again got no time baby . 
Physical Science test = no fun at all 
Aggies up 28-10 despite losing 4 of 5 fumbles so far . 12:23 in the third . 
Insomnia and no sleep makes me a dull boy . 
Man , the Texans look great today !! 
I thought the Cowboys were going to be behind by 17 but now it's just a 3 point game . If they'd quit getting stupid penalties they might be able to pull out a win . 
< PROPMALE > Ware is my hero right now putting McNabb on his back . 
Dez < PROPMALE > stepping up right now , lets just hope they Cowboys can get this drive in the endzone with 1:06 left 
Holding to negate a touchdown on the last play of the game . Way to go < PROPFIRST > Columbo . 
\If you don't like ' em 
What the french toast ?! 
Thinking about working on some recordings . It's late though ... but everything is already set up . The inner debate will continue ... I'll let you know who wins . Haha 
So , according to my phone , I just reached the end of the Internet ... 
Pretty good semester so far . 93 on the first philosophy test and 100 on the first physical science test . 
Go Hogs !! 31-24 over < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Lets go Badgers !! BTHO Arizona State !! 
Little to close for comfort , Badgers 20-19 over Arizona State 
Come on Aggies , this is ridiculous !! 
A&M volleyball sweeps the 8th ranked Longhorns !! Gig ' em ! 
I'm very very very disappointed in the Aggies right now . I can't believe they're trailing FIU 13-6 in the third ... this is pathetic . 
WHOOO Aggies are up 27-20 with 4 minutes left in the game !! First lead of the night ... finally . 
4th and goal for FIU pass completed at the three tackled at the four yard line , Aggies ball 55 seconds no timeouts . Aggies scored 21 points in the 4th quarter to come from behind . Gig ' em 3-0 with Oklahoma State next week . 
100 on the first Physical Science test ; 93 on the first Philosophy test ; and 92 on the first Sociology class . Awesome !! 
Whoever figured out how to make lemon bars was a genius !! 
Ok , so recording has been put on hold . I think I'm getting sick ... I'll put up the one song I managed to get a vocal track on but it'll probably change once I can sing again . Check it out in about 10 minutes at the link below . I'll post again once it's up . \ 
\ 
http://www.facebook.com/pages/Jonathan-Grady/123594931023215 
What's new ? 
So I was thinking about time just now , because I don't want to get up for my 8 o'clock class tomorrow , and I was wondering ; What if time concepts were different ? Like what if a day didn't exist only hours , but hours were equal to what a day is now and there is no unit to separate an hour into smaller segments AND we still used the hour for our main time frame . 
For example , my 8 o'clock class is 1 hour and 15 minutes , so instead of it being what our concept of time defines an hour as , lets think of it as the concept explained earlier . 1 hr and 15 minutes equals 1.25 hours so it would be equivalent to 1.25 days our concept OR 30 hours . Now that is a long class . 
Lets go Hogs !!! 7-0 already !!! 
Come on Hogs !! We need touchdowns against Bama ! 
WHOOOO PIG SOOIE !!! Interception in the endzone !!! Go hogs !! 
WHOOOOOOOO !!!!! ANOTHER INTERCEPTION !!!!! 
17-7 Arkansas at half !! Whoo Pig Sooie !! 
By then you just he new he was pretty ungenuine . I didn't know of it was .. if he was < PROPMALE > or the skater formerly known as Weird < PROPMALE > Yankovich or Gallager who knows . 
Wow , that ref just made my day hahaha ! 
Took three weeks but < PROPFIRST > finally looks like a good team . Finally a game where we didn't shoot ourselves in the foot . 27-13 < PROPFIRST > 
Took my steel toe boots off and THEN kicked the table leg ... Awesome ... 
WHOOO !!! GIG ' EM AGGIES !!! 21-7 nine seconds in the half . 
When you breath all this seems to me . When you breath you're all that I need . And I'll be , all the while , all you'll need all the while . What I'll be is all that you'll need after all . 
Alright , bbq wing should be done around 4 ... come on 4 .......... come .. on ....... 4 .... 
Haha Texas lost again . Nothing makes me happier then watching the Longhorns get their horns cutoff !! 
Third night in a row I wont get to sleep before 4 ... I hate being an insomniac sometimes . 
Watching SLC Punk !!! One of my all time favorite movies !!! 
Alright , it's now up to 4 nights in a row , no sleep before at least 4 am . 
So after 4 nights of insomnia , I finally got to sleep around midnight last night ...... And slept through my alarm this morning . Which means I missed my first class of the day ... Awesome . 
Do The Dew ! 
We cover all our tracks in kerosene wet unlit matches and we hope no one will see them , see them . We climb that highest mountain searching for the lowest valley but we never can quite reach them , reach them . 
Fresh out the box . Stop , look and watch . Ready et , get set it's All That ! 
Today sucks . 
I hope my hard drive isn't fried . Warranty covered a new motherboard and memory so we'll see what happens when I get those in . 
New motherboard in , and computer's working great so far . 
Anybody from Goldthwaite hear about some naked guy in a field on 16 somewhere ? 
Outlook on Sociology test tomorrow is not good . 
Oh the joys of those who can't take a joke . Nobody called you a whore , you're just insecure , it's okay we get it . Have fun being miserable hahahaha . 
Ok this is random , but I was watching SNL on VH1 and Don't Forget The Lyrics came on and the hot chick from < PROPMALE>'s World 2 that < PROPMALE > chases through the whole movie is on there ... 
Need not worry , worry leads to jealousy and jealousy leads to irrationality . Where will we be tomorrow ? Probably the same place we are today , just angry ... it's okay , everything will be okay .... tomorrow . I think it's always tomorrow . 
4 A's and a C at midterm ... I hate Sociology ... at least it's a high C ( 77 ) I can bring that up pretty easy . 
Whoo lets go Ranger !!!! 3-1 in the bottom of the 5th !!! 
HOMERUN < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! 4-1 bot 5th 
WHOOO GO RANGERS !!!! 
How can Texas still be ranked ? I hope Iowa State beats them , I'm tired of Texas being handed rankings . 
I'm loving this Texas game !! Nothing makes me smile like watching Texas struggle !! 
To much homework for one weekend ! 
Shed your tears Texas fans ! 
Poor soul . He was just to high-strung . I'm afraid the string was more then he could bare . 
In Vino Veritas 
I think it may rain for once ! I hope it does , that will make my day !! 
It's awesome captain . It's Afghanistanimation . 
Way to go Baylor ! In the top 25 , I'm proud of you ! I guess Griffin is as legit as he was last year . I wondered if the injury would hinder his abilities , I guess not . Beat Texas today , that will be icing on the cake haha . 
\I've worn lots of shoes \"" 
\You don't say much do ya\ " \"< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE >\"" 
So bye bye < PROPFEMALE > . They's sending me to Vietnam ... It's this whole other country . 
Quit chasing pitches Rangers .... this is ridiculous ! 
100 on the Philosophy test ! Whoo ! 80 on the Physical Science test ... eh , yeah ! haha 
I miss < PROPFIRST > Farley 
Not this again . 
I'm your new boyfriend < PROPFEMALE > ! :p 
Gig ' Em Aggies !! 
Gig ' Em Wrecking Crew !!! Man the Aggies look good so far ! Just hope they can keep it up . 
12-0 at half !! Gig ' Em Aggies !!! Killing the Sooners right now and the Aggies get the ball to start the second half !! 
Gig ' Em Aggies !!!! 33-19 over OU !!!! 
\I desperately want to make love to a schoolboy \"" 
Dimevison !!! Getcha Pull !! 
I can't believe how pathetic the < PROPFIRST > Cowboys are this season . They have unmatched talent , but absolutely no discipline and no heart . They deserve to be 1-7 at this point . Next season wont get here fast enough , that's for sure . 
Sometimes I wonder if the mind ever stops to think about how much it affects the body it controls . Mine wont shut up , and in the words of Garbage ... \I think I'm paranoid . \"" 
Do we try to change what works because we're use to what doesn't ? Usually if it's too good to be true , it usually isn't true right ? In fear of losing what isn't being lost , I think we don't know how to react , so we revert to what we did and how we felt in a time when we did lose . Or maybe we just use that as an excuse ... any thoughts ? 
You feeling alright ? I'm not feeling to good myself . 
Boondock Saints II : All Saints Day on Netflix with that amazing girl of mine < PROPFEMALE > Parten . 
Cowboys look good so far under < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Lets see if Kitna throws any interceptions as the game goes on . Dez < PROPMALE > is playing outstanding as always ! 6-3 < PROPFIRST > 3 minutes left in the 1st . 
Good effort Kitna ... just fall down and lay there . 
Whoo !!! Pick six from endzone to endzone !!! 16-3 < PROPFIRST > !! 
TOUCHDOWN COWBOYS !!! < PROPMALE > Jones , former Razorback 71 yards for the score !! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in the Endzone !!! 27 yard TD pass from Kitna ( who looks really good for once ) . 33-13 < PROPFIRST > 6:27 in the 3rd . 
It's in the bag baby !!! 33-20 < PROPFIRST > finally wins one !!! 
This research paper is gonna be the death of me ! 
Crazy is relative 
I hate it when I try to use technology and it makes me look like an idiot . 
Thinking about < PROPFEMALE > Parten 
I hate being stupid . 
Want ... To .... Play ...... Guitar .......... Need ........... To .... do .... home ... work ............ ahhhhh I can't say no to my guitar forever . Homework you shall wait . 
Why does there have to be a Wednesday between Tuesday and Thursday ?!? 
Apathetic . 
Sometimes I wonder why I even bother . Just let it be I suppose . 
Rolling on down the highway 
Kinda makes me sad that darrius rucker has gone country 
You know there ain't no rest for the wicked till we close our eyes for good 
I'm sailing away set an open course for the virgin sea haha brings back memories of marching band and my awesome sax solo 
Some people call me < PROPFIRST > 
Nothing like listening to the eagles every morning going to school lol i have the coolest uncles 
La proved too much for the man 
Big old jet outta < PROPFEMALE > don't < PROPFEMALE > me to far away 
Ain't no woman like the one i've got 
That ain't the way to have fun ... son 
Sgt . Peppers 
I knew i was out of luck the day the music died 
Wandering around hpu makes me miss dr. < PROPFIRST > haha oh the many years of music lessons 
Gig ' Em Aggies !!!! 
Cowboys finally got it together !!! 
Funky < PROPMALE > Medina 
Sociology , how I loathe thee !! 
Gig ' Em Aggies !!! < PROPMALE > Gray is insane !!! Two HUGE runs in this game !!! 
Goodnight Texas ! Tomorrow the long drive back to Arkansas begins ... I hate that stupid drive ... 
98.7 ftw 
98.7 kluv ftw 
Borrow sorrow pain and suffer ! 
blah meh blah blah meh .... 
So , two weeks till finals . Before those I have two philosophy papers ( 2 < PROPFEMALE > s single spaced ) , a 10-12 < PROPFEMALE > research paper to finish , 2 lab assigments , 4 physical science homework assignments , and a philosophy test .... Lame ? I agree !! 
Aggies are going to the Cotton Bowl to play against either LSU or Alabama !! That promises to be an AWESOME game !! 
Boy trapped in refrigerator eats own foot . 
Isolation , mind inoculation . Apathetic incarnation . Smile , it'll be awhile ... alone . 
Whoever invented communication seriously underestimated the effects of not clarifying that people have different definitions of adequate communication . 
Mourn not the dead that in the cool earth lie Dust unto dustThe calm , sweet earth that mothers all who dieAs all men must ; Mourn not your captive comrades who must dwellToo strong to striveWithin each steel-bound coffin of a cell , Buried alive ; But rather mourn the apathetic throngThe cowed and the meekWho see the world's great anguish and its wrongAnd dare not speak ! 
Wherever there is degeneration and apathy , there also is sexual perversion , cold depravity , miscarriage , premature old age , grumbling youth , there is a decline in the arts , indifference to science , and injustice in all its forms . 
Every difficulty slurred over will be a ghost to disturb your repose later on . 
Apathy is one of the characteristic responses of any living organism when it is subjected to stimuli too intense or too complicated to cope with . The cure for apathy is comprehension . 
Wherever the citizen becomes indifferent to his fellows , so will the husband be to his wife , and the father of a family toward the members of his household . 
Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted . 
You see few people here in < PROPFEMALE > who really care very much about living a Christian life in a democratic world . 
They believe that nothing will happen because they have closed their doors . 
The difference between our decadence and the Russians is that while theirs is brutal , ours is apathetic . 
The opposite of love is not hate , it's indifference . The opposite of < PROPMALE > is not ugliness , it's indifference . The opposite of faith is not heresy , it's indifference . And the opposite of life is not death , it's indifference . 
Things have dropped from me . I have outlived certain desires ; I have lost friends , some by death ... others through sheer inability to cross the street . 
I love having my singing woman < PROPFEMALE > Parten 
Mushroom chicken over wheat bread , mashed potatoes , beans w/ fresh jalapenos and pomegranate juice . I have certainly outdone myself tonight . 
Woke up at 5:30 ... unable to go back to sleep . I think I'll go get breakfast for once haha . 
I love this woman and this woman only ! < PROPFEMALE > Parten 
I think I'm a little behind on the whole phone technology thing . I just discovered pandora has a mobile app for my phone and it is awesome . Technology for the win ! 
< PROPMALE > loves < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > loves < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > loves < PROPFEMALE > 
Lets murderlize ' em 
Way to go Cowboys 38-35 over Indianapolis in overtime !! 
Good job everyone . Great robbery ! 
Epic movie night Fail !! Falling back on old reliable , and yet still epic , Empire Records . 
I gotta go see about a girl . 
Ruining another great thing . The only great thing . ( this is a rhetorical statement ) 
\What are you doing ? \ " \ " Eating your face argm arr nom nom arg nom\ " < PROPFEMALE > Parten " 
COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE COFFEE 
< PROPMALE > Loosejocks goes Walkabout . Haven't played this game in years haha 
6969 Definitely one of my best friends !! And one of the best guitar players and musicians I know ! I remember giving Mr. Campbell hell in Ag class building those stupid trailers haha . We need to have another actual jam session haha . 
13 Man , it's been awhile . I remember being in school with you in Mullin for YEARS haha . We had a lot of fun at Mullin , I'm still upset sometimes I didn't get to finish it out with you guys there . You were a good friend back then , we should < PROPFEMALE > out sometime . 
1111 You're the most amazing person I've ever met . I wouldn't be where I am if I had never met you . You saved me from myself and I can never thank you enough for that . I love you and I miss you like crazy . I can't wait to be back in Texas so we're not so far apart . If I have one wish in this world it's for you to be happy , and I'll do whatever is in me to make that wish come true . 
14 I don't know you very well , at all really haha . I know we have a lot of the same interests just from what you post one here and what < PROPFEMALE > has told me about you . You seem really cool and I'd love to < PROPFEMALE > out with you sometime , so lets make that happen . ( sometime when I'm actually in Texas haha ) 
Man , I told myself I wasn't going to do this < PROPFIRST > thing but I sent mine to ONE person and now I'm getting < PROPFIRST > left and right ... geeze ... I guess I'll give into you facebook status thing ... but don't think this is going to be a common occurrence ! 
0826 Oh my my , where to begin hahaha . I miss you geeze !!! We weren't very close at all until that one day I just followed you around quick check while you were working and talked for like 4 hours lol . I'm glad I did though , you've become a great friend . I was pretty worried about you there for a while , but I know you have a good head on your shoulders and you're doing just fine . 
112 We met at random haha . I rode with a friend so he wasn't alone when he met you and we became friends pretty quickly ! That night at DQ was pretty fun , however , I will always resent your comments on my A&M beanie . You should be smart enough to that the Aggies are WAY better then the longhorns , it's a proven fact . We've had quite a few good times , I wouldn't mind having some more . 
1343 I miss hanging out with you brotherman ! You've come a good ways in your music , it's getting a little better every time I hear something new . Oh and you should give me one of your game systems , we all know you have like 38 of ' em hahahahahaha . 
812 You brother , are a man with the keys ! You're an amazing musician and the few times we've jammed were awesome ! Haven't spent an abundance of time hanging out , but every time we have it's been awesome ! 
156 Hahaha Man , nothing like sitting around not saying ANYTHING at all to each other watching Trailer Park Boys lol . Good times brosif ! A little awkward at times , but definitely an awesome friend ! 
Last Philosophy paper is finished !! I have one more Physical Science homework assignment to finish and my research paper to revise and then it's finals and I'm done . 
< PROPFIRST > and the Giant Peach for the win 
\Good heavens ! He's committed pesticide ! \"" 
Has it really been a year and a half ?!?! Time flies when you're having fun , and being with < PROPFEMALE > Parten has been the most fun I've had in my small blip of existence . I love you miss < PROPFEMALE > !! Here's to several more year and a halfs :D haha . 
\The party don't start till a guy throws a table at you \"" 
I love watching Vick get hit on every other play . :D 
Zombieland with Miss < PROPFEMALE > Parten :D 
I hate that I still have finals . You have greatly reduced my respect for you UACCB . Greatly , reduced , my , respect ! 
97 on my Sociology final . I have one more final tomorrow and then the waiting game to get my research paper back . Hopefully I have 4 \A's\ " and one \ " B . \"" 
\I'm glad you're here to give me brain thoughts\ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
All power to slaves 
I made it to Sulphur Springs before the roads seemed unsafe to me . Give it another shot tomorrow . Glad my classes are cancelled haha . 
It took almost 5 hours to get from Sulpher Springs to New Boston ... 5 hours . Took 8 hours to get to Arkadelphia where I have stopped . This weather SUCKS !!!! 
Back in school ... this week has been intense ! 
What's your frequency < PROPFIRST > ? 
Clutch free throws Khris Middleton !!! 
Way to go Aggies !! 91-89 in OT 
Admit it , you take ' em for granted . 
Priorities . 
This is fun ! Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . you will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours 
5 a.m. Tuesday night , 4 a.m. Wednesday night , 5 a.m. Thursday night . This is getting ridiculous . 
\For two years I thought it was normal for a ten year old to wet the bed \"" 
\Sometimes I doubt your commitment to < PROPFEMALE > Motion \"" 
Another sleepless night . 
Real Eyes Realize Real Lies 
Way to go Green Bay ! 
< PROPMALE > wets his bed duh nuh < PROPMALE > wets his bed duh nuh 
Into my heart I sink it's much to cold . These walls I'm living in are much too old . To hard to satisfy to hard to hold it down and drown the thought that I am giving , I am giving in . Wandering after you . 
I hate this World Civilization class . I guess I'll at least learn something ... if I don't fall asleep . Oh and any choral singing people , don't do like I did and get the wrong cd in the library , it's hard to sing Greensleeves with Footprints haha . 
Everything is alright , everything is ok .... right ? 
I want to go to a world where I can , in a place that I can't , fight I war I won't win , and live a life that won't end . 
The Machinist . Go watch it . 
Barn burner in < PROPMALE > Arena !! 
Overtime ! I hope this doesn't turn into the ' 08 5 OT game haha . 
21 pages of accounting homework , I hate you . 
What's wrong ? 
“I have three phobias which , could I mute them , would make my life as slick as a sonnet , but as dull as ditch water : I hate to go to bed , I hate to get up , and I hate to be alone . ” 
Gig ' Em lady Aggies !! BTHO Baylor !! 
Such a great game !! 
Living the life I was born to live , Giving it all I got to give ! 
3 Ninjas Kick Back !!! 
5 a . m .... really ? 
9 DAYS !!!! 
Involuntary all-nigher anyone ? If so , I welcome thee ! 
I wish I had my chess set . I guess online chess is the way it's gonna be . 
Ten banana cream pies ! 
Choir from 6-9 then homework and rest before I clean my entire house tomorrow . Oh and get groceries . Oh and I get to see the most beautiful woman tomorrow too :D 
Nobody really needs to stop buying gas , just don't buy from the < PROPMALE > companies . This was out a few years ago when prices went up , and here it is again . Read it , tell whoever , blah blah blah . \ 
http://coupmedia.org/economy/sure-fire-plan-to-lower-gas-prices-0703 
“Love is what’s in the room with you at Christmas if you stop opening presents and listen . ” < PROPFIRST > – age 7 
“If you want to learn to love better , you should start with a friend who you hate , ” Nikka – age 6 
.... Ugh ... 
< PROPFEMALE > neck on it's way for the Strat !! I'm excited !! Hopefully this will fix my fretting out problems . 
Little < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > won't go home 
Gonna shower then head to Brownwood to hopefully talk to some people at HPU and have lunch with the amazing < PROPFEMALE > Parten . 
Had a great time in Brownwood today . Great job to the Heritage Singers !! I thoroughly enjoyed the Carpenters concert . 
Packing up for the drive tomorrow . Commencement May 9th and then I'll be heading back to Texas . Batesville people get in touch with me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out before I move . 
VCU is winning the championship !! 
Woodwick candles are awesome ! 
Gig ' Em Aggies !!! 58 46 over Baylor !!! 
Dear Facebook , quit closing my chat windows at random , they are open for a reason ! ... Morons . 
Yeah baby !!! 7-5 bottom of the 8th GO RANGERS !!! Double right down the line . 
VCU 
....... Insomnia ........ 
Can't sleep ... so I watch Family Matters at 4 in the morning ... I'm a loser baby , so why don't you kill me ! 
WHAT A GAME !!! Gig ' Em Aggies !!! On to the National Championship !!! 
I'll see you when you get there , if you ever get there , see you when you get there . 
People come from all around , in almost religious devotion , to get on down . haha .... wow 
