Stoked to see the Space Needle fireworks this year !!! 

pondering lifes possibilities !!! 
missing her dreadlocks but loving the new hair 
wishing she was in SEATTLE at the pier staring into the deep 
wishing I still had some dreads to play with right about now !!!! 
Loves listening to music through surround sound !!! 
A toast to my pals in Washington .... Merry Christmas and I hope you all enjoy your buzz this holiday season . Miss you bunches !! 
I got to enjoy the space needle fireworks via the internet !!!!! AWESOME ! 
New Year ... new job ... lets see what is in store for me . 
We have managed to get hail , rain , sleet , snow , sun and tornados down here in Southern California .... what will the weather gods bestow upon us next !?! 
a good dose of music will make anyone feel better !!!! 
AHH the hunt begins for a new place to live !!!!! 
Why do people have to be so cruel and manipulative !?! I want to go on a rampage about now ! 
When life hands you lemons .... take a bit and make a funny face !!! 
Planning and plotting her way back to Seattle .... 
Man I know some CRAZY people .... and I LOVE IT !!! 
I do believe he said he likes the Thai Noodles ...... 
1 little , 2 little , 3 little jello shots .... 4 little , 5 little , 6 little jello shots ........ 
Damn earthshake and aftershocks !!! 
I got sucked into the world of \second life\ " .... oh crap ... but hey at least I can fly all over the place !! " 
The stupidity of some people ceases to amaze me .... STILL . If your going to point a finger get your facts straight , or shove it !! 
is excited about spending time with < PROPFEMALE > at the beach !!! 
Pay it forward for creative people : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment to this update . They must in turn promise to post this and send something they made to their first 5 posters . The rules are that it must be handmade by you & sent some time in 2010 . You've got almost a whole year to do this . 
Is enjoying reading \The Te Of Piglet\ " and \ " The Tao Of Pooh \"" 
I have 2 of my 5 projects underway ... its going to be a crafty weekend !!! 
Happy Mommy's Day to all the wonderful mommies ( and soon to be mommies ) that I know ! 
hates being bored ... running out of things to do !! 
day 2 of a 1000 peice puzzle 
Why do all the good concerts this summer have to be so far away !!!!!! 
You laugh at me because you think I am different ...... I laugh at you because you are all the same !!! 
Being sick is no bueno ... 
thinks that Facebook needs to make a dislike button ... 
Is feeling super Jazzed about life !!!!! 
Does anyone recommend some movies that I get from or watch on Netfilx ? 
Thanks the Divine for awesome roommates !! 
Is moving this weekend and has 2 job interviews next week !!! Super Jazzed ! 
Hoping to spend some time in the sun at the beach this weekend !! 
One work week down , another one to face . 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama\ 
and people who create it , and surround yourself with good people who\ 
make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . \ 
Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you agree . 
Hates getting up early for work on a Saturday ........ another day at the salt mines ! 
There is wildfires on 3 sides of the valley that I am in right now ... it smells like someone is having a huge BONFIRE !!! Where's the smores ? 
\What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us . \ " \ 
All I want for Christmas .... is to hug my friends and family . I miss you guys 
HEY ALL YOU CRAFTY FRIENDS OF MINE ........ I need some ideas or websites that I can go to to get quilt ideas . I htink I have been bit by the quilt bug again ! 
Ducky is feeling so homesick right about now ..... 
I just got off the phone with one of the bestest wonderful friends a girl could ever ask for !!! It was so nice to hear a familiar friendly voice and have a great conversation . Love you < PROPFIRST > ! 
Oh my gosh I am so excited I am getting my hair dreaded again !!! 
Brand new baby dreads feel so soft and fluffy , I cant wait till they mature ! 
