is wishing more and more that some people from last year could be here . But they can't because they either graduated , or decided to be lazy . 

really likes listening to certain songs right now , and wishes that < PROPFEMALE > hadn't killed < PROPMALE>'s batery so that i could listen to them right now . It doesn't help that < PROPFEMALE > also killed my battery . 
wishes that < PROPFIRST > would call her back . 
really like the poem Fire And Ice by < PROPFIRST > Frost 
has a million things going on in her head right now , and doesn't know where to start . 
is listening to Devan's music .... how odd . 
got placed in front for both of the dances . Which really sucks because she doesnt ' know them all that well , especially the second one . 
is tired of certain people treating others like crap and being intesionally moody , just because they don't think that they are getting enough attension . News flash , the more you treat people the way you are , the more they are going to HATE you . So stop be 
is mad that in salt lake , even when you are 16 , you have to have a parent or gardian to get a library card . 
is happy that the internet is finally working again 
................... URBAN HIKERS !!!!!!!!!!! 
just finished listening to one amazing song . 
now understands why her friends hate it when she drags telling them stuff out , its so suspenceful 
why do good days have to spiral downwards until they suck . 
wonders why summer is more tiring then school . 
now has a really neat new monkey . 
wondering what is on her mind , so that she can put it in her status ...... mmmm ..... 
had almost forgotten how hectic moving is . But at least there is a weight room . Yay for that !!! 
for some reason , today is a sad country song day . 
OMG , my inspiration for finishing my new piece of work is ruined by the fact that there are NO paints at my moms house . HOW HORRIBLE !!!! I mean honestly , how can you not have paint ? 
hates having a cold in the middle of summer . 
life sure is interesting . 
wishes that she could say something and let her friends know whats up with her , but evidently children should be seen not heard . All she can say is that she can't wait for the next two years to be over with . 
you know what everybody needs ? they need somebody they can talk to about stuff ..... this is definately the reason that best friends came about . 
wishes that it could rain more often , because it is so relaxing , and last night smelled really , really good . Also , why do my sisters keep laughing at my facial expressions . 
good night world ... or should I say good morning , because its technicoly morning , even if I haven't slept in the past 15ish . 
Doing laundry is so boring , but its always fun to meet new people . 
is in an extremely good mood today , except for hte sneezing thing , that had definately got to stop . 
will be back in < PROPMALE > tomorrow !! 
UBIC was funlast night . 
randomness is so much fun . 
really needs to learn to not get on so late because she really needs to get more sleep . 
Got a 74 on the math placement test when she took iton thursday !!!!!! 
stupid annoying double beebing thing , why must it be so annoying and double beep repeatedly to signal the conversation must end ? 
Dear Heart , stuff it . Dear Brain , shut up about the heart . 
Hope my family had fun at the reunion that I didn't know about . 
the first < PROPMALE > at something is amazing , and sometimes second < PROPMALE > s are worse , but they could be even better than the first < PROPMALE > , and we have to give it a shot . ( btw , ' Along For The Ride ' by < PROPFEMALE > Dessen is a very good book ) 
says ha ha world ha ha , I did to manage to get the classes that I wanted 
so ... quiet .... without .... music ... AHHHHH !!!! 
first day of school . It was fun , this year seems to already be much better than last year . 
boredom , and facebook , bad combo . luckily there is such thing as chat . 
RANDOMNESS !!!!!! 
Don't you just love it when an excellent day turns into an absolutely horendoes day ? 
:p 
Why must the weekend end ???? 
has decided that history will be her downfall .... I mean honestly , it makes no sence ! 
Is it friday yet ? 
so little time ... so much to talk about ... makes you wonder why it sometimes seems like you run out of things and why there are silences , especially akward ones . 
Rockzilla was so much fun last night ... except for that one part ... but other than that it was awesome . 
sadums ... first I can't go to movies becuase of having no money ... then my usually monday ohone call had to be cut five minutes shorter then teh usual 15 minutes . 
(: !!!!!!!!!! 
so much studying !!!!! To many tests !!!!! ah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Cannot beleive that THEY discovered facebook . 
Today is one of those days where something really great happens to your friends ... and its great but the day jsut keeps getting worse and worse ... but you want so bad to jsut be happy for your friends . 
Friday night was fun ... but yesterday was long ..... 
OMG .... thats all I can say .... I'm so happy for her .... OMG !!!!!!! 
is happy that she got to talk to her dad and thats he's alright with everything . 
has bangs ..... weird . 
there's only a few way's this week could get better ... the biggest one being no more homework .... esp . history 
has decided that she really likes this week . 
today is friday ... and that means tomorrow is saturday ..... and that means homecoming !! 
last night was fun . :) 
have you ever had one of those days where your really happy .... but also extremely tired ? 
loves being able to talk to her dad ... oh yeah , He says hi to all family members . 
Last night was fun . 
other than my computer being really stupid ... I am quite happy . 
I love chemistry .... other than the term paper . 
today is one of those days where you would love it if not for classes and a couple other things . 
hates being sick . 
long weekends make time disjointed . 
OMG its so < PROPFEMALE > . Isn't it great ?!! 
agrees with Jezzi , those prompts are rather addictive .... 
annoyed by the double beeby thing , But glad that I finally figured out my cover , even if it took 3 different programs , and an hour . 
am I allowed to be random yet ..... or were you just telling somebody else they couldn't be random ??........ jk ...... lol 
thank goodness for cough drops . 
never thought she'd see the day where she both wished her dad was here , and was grateful for the frustrations of her computer . 
hates waking up at 4 am .... cause every time she does , she spends all day being really tired . 
:( 
Vampire Diaries , is such a good show ! 
sleep ? 
sad ... missed a phone call and found out about suicidal person .... but happily < PROPFEMALE > got the awesome photos up !! 
sad day .... get better soon Kels !! 
Ethonal !!! where are you ? 
wow .. tiredness 
smiling is good .... smiling is very good . 
the haunted cornmaze was so much fun last night !! 
Why must class rings be so complicated !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Cheaper one or one that describes better ??? 
nothing is more relaxing than a phonecall with dad . 
randomness ..... lol 
has decided she likes the song \Be my Escape\ " by Relient K " 
you know those conversations where you have nothing to talk about so you talk about having nothing to talk about , then you realize that talking about having nothing to talk about is something to talk about , there for the something thats nothing is actually something ? 
Happy B-day tomarrow Sami ... wish I could be there !! 
<3 
sad happy day 
finally after hours of it snowing ... the snow is finally sticking to the ground ... FIRST SNOW OF THE SEASON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! yay 
you'll never guess how much of it is in pen ... lol 
so seepy 
OMG , < PROPMALE > you are so sweet . 
Loves the song \Collide\ " by Howie Day ! " 
time to go nano it up so < PROPFEMALE > and jezzi don't kill me tomorrow 
1630 , half way to catching up ... so there . 
you know what screw it . Screw the person taht made the stupid button that hangs up the phone . Screw the person that made it so that my dad can only call me , but I can't call him . Screw those other stupid people that hurt others because they feel bad about themselves . Screw those people who can't support people even though those people have supported them . Quite frankly just screw everything . 
petty teenage girl highschool drama ----- the worse thing ever ! 
today was fun . every moment kept getting better . Getting to talk to dad was great .... except for that one visiting thing . 
hahaha ... soap opera ... hahaha 
nanowrimo ... love it ... but hate getting behind ... oh well ... 
and the nerd said to the geek \Why would I love anybody else ? \ " and the geek said to the nerd \ " I love you too . \"" 
its so hard to imagine the things that have already happened , the good and the bad . The only question now , is what unimaginable thing will happen next . 
well ... um ... yeah ... so ... um ... yeah ... what ?.. you didn't think that was a good enough reason ?... oh ... um ... well then ... ok .... so ... um ... yeah ... 
circumstances matter .... better to think it through adn not do so , than to not and regret it later ... ( BTW I was watching Gilmore Girls and this is what its refering to ) 
Oh come now .... lol 
sad day ... 
OJD ... orange juice disorder !!! :D 
facebook + bordem = flair < PROPFEMALE > 
The Facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key , Right click , Then press up & down & magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL HONESTLY WORK ! Put this as your status IF YOU GOT IT TO WORK . do it !! 
smile ? I like to smile . Laugh ? I like to laugh . Cry ? No , I dont ' like to cry , I think I'll stick to smiling and laughing . 
thanksgiving break ... the break that everybody else is looking forward to . 
well , i finally cuaght back up in nano ... and I know i'll win this year ... but i feel kinda guilty for it .... who knew that Zirental was such an avid writer , and that she would write so much in my book .. i had to make an exert to put her stories into . 
I got a awesome poster from < PROPMALE > today , and stuff from U of Denver ... also I have a great new mix CD .. lol 
other than that one thing , today just keeps getting better and better . 
haha , fun times , haha ... :) 
Happy thanksgiving ( turkey day ) to everybody !!! 
Joree had soft feet this morning ...... i petted those feet ..... it was fun .... lol :) 
long dramatic day ... i hate drama , why must people be so stupid and say horrible things ? I try to believe the best , but sometimes something happens to make you realize just how stupid that can be . 
can't wait for tomorrow to come .. its going to be great .... well , except for that one having to deal with an idiot thing ... and a little bit of the school work thing .... but other than that its going to be great !!! :P 
stupid head , stop hurting !!!! 
Happy day !!!... dont ' you think ? 
very tired , and don't feel the greatest . Why couldn't I have had another yesterday ? 
Long day of AD , I love it , but somehwo I always manage to delude myself into thinking theres less testing than there actually is . 
Yay for snow !!! 
we got more snow !!! yay !!! I love snow , its so amazing and pretty , how could somebody not like it ? and do not give me the excuse its cold cause its warmer the snow . 
lol , 3 and 1/4 flair boards .... wow ... lol 
finally home .... jeez , what a long while .... although I do love spending time with my mom and sisters . 
Considering everything ... I'm glad that I celebrated new years with my family playing games rather then at a stupid party I didn't care about and know people didn't want me . HAPPY NEW YEARS !!! 
got stuck in salt lake for another day ... at least it was fun . 
I just wanted to say to my dad's family ... thank you so much for the contact you've given to me and the information you each give to me . Expecially with all those sky writers .. I am very appreciative of it . 
its not that hard , just stick it in a bowl , open the microwave , and heat it up . 
today , things hate me .... may they love me tomorrow 
stupid cell phone , at least the home phone doesn't drop calls . 
Its the little things I love , like when he knows when I need him to call me , or how warm his smile makes me ... the bigger things that everybody else is < PROPMALE > up on don't matter to me anymore , I just want to make him smile one more time . 
.... jealousy , so rediculous , so vial . Its so sad when people let it take them over . It makes them into pathetic two year olds . Especially over something so stupid . It just sucks that they have to be jealous instead of getting over it or doing what I did for them . BTW love ya Kels 
What do all these words have in common ? : orange , silver , month , purple , intelligence , almond , angst , breadth , cannabis , chocolate , depth , different , luggage , neutron , elbow , engine , galaxy , hostage , iron , spatula , width , wolf . 
red with silver dots 
well I want to , but it'll be weird and akward like last time , unless he can come , but still , it'll be so weird . Why must they be so unfair to me , all I did was care about somebody very much and then everything in my world changed ... its wrong . Why don't they get on somebody else's butt for a change ? 
??... so true ... 
? Ooo , a < PROPFEMALE > !!! ? Ooo , a smily face !!! • Ooo , a < PROPFEMALE > !!! ? Ooo , a music note !!! 
-sigh- its only tuesday , why can't the week be over already so I can have a day off , and spend time doing what I actually want to do ? 
2 days , 5 tests , then 3 day weekend .... the latter is great !! 
Yay !! four tests done with , and I think I did really well on them too ... at least I hope so . Only one more and I'm done for the semester !! Yay !! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
Straightened her short hair ... so weird ... lol 
really hates it when somebody she cares about it really sad because of other people . 
to remember is scary , but if you don't remember then you have nothing . 
Wishes that the world would just go away and leave her alone . To be given chances for something , and miss it because of life and circumstances surrounding type of life sucks ...... so many people have the world at their fingers and don't even know it , they would see it if they had to struggle like I do . 
If I disappeared today , would you remember me ? Would you even care ? 
Loved last night , the dance was so much fun . :P 
The world is different for every person , hence the reason it is so sad . But if we all saw it the same , it would be mighty boring . 
It's really funny when Em and my minds run on the same track . lol 
As much as I hate mornings and mondays , I am definately looking forward to tomorrow's morning . 
And here I was thinking that all the stupid drama had ended , nope it just moved away from me and attacked the people I care about most . I really hate stupid drama people . 
pizza in a krispy kreme box .... nough said . 
status ? What ? you mean I actually have to write a status ? 
Goodnight World !! and let mornings die . 
< PROPFEMALE > Definition : Shy with a hint of spunk . A little afraid to try new things but will adore them when she gets into it . She is lovely , beautiful and talented , but sometimes does not believe she really is . Can be a little crazy hyper ! She thinks she's not a < PROPFEMALE > , but she totally is ! < PROPFEMALE > pretty spunky fun nessa crazy 
HAPPY B-DAY EM !!!!! 
if I hear the words prison , or dad ... and maybe car accident taht kill people .... one more time today I'm going to slap somebody ... 6am is way to early to have to listen to that stuff ..... oh and I am really happy about living in < PROPFEMALE > where I am able to get medicine to help sickness ... I feel so bad about all those who aren't able to do so . 
Sleep ? Where are you ? Sleep ? 
tonight was so much fun !! 
fifteen minutes once a week is not nearly long enough .... its just not fair at all . 
If you died today , my heart would break . You're just not something , that God should take . ~ part of my \Don't Go Away\ " poem ... its so true . " 
what is up with the new facebook stuff ? They need to quit changing it 
3 tests-3 awards ... one third and two second 
People say that the past is who you are ... but others say that what you do now determains what you deserve .... how can it be both ? 
So many Irrational girls ..... why can't you get over yourselves already ? 
That was so sweet .... 2 days in a row .... super sweet . 
I had so much funn !!! 
hope I'll be able to do everything in time . 
its really annoying when somebody tries to call you , doesn't leave a message , and then when you try to call back , they don't answer , and their voice mail box is full . 
When you say you are going to do something you do it . 
things don't blow over in a day , but if you don't do something and just say words , then nothing will ever be better 
It seems so simple , and can be the hardest thing you will ever do . But it'll help to make so many things better . 
well good news is the weekend ended on an interesting note ...... everything else on the other hand .... well yeah ... 
if you remember that summer , then you'll understand ...... and people do not ask . 
you're right ... that is a great song . :) I <3 ? 
one week left ... AHHH !!!!!!!!! 
today was so much fun !!!! 
boring day 
I really need to stop being so interested in colleges .... Seriously , fifteen different letters from schools in one day is kinda over the top . 
I got a silver in Essay !!!! and I'm sorry < PROPFIRST > , but I do have bragging rights now . 
............ hm .... let me think ... I know this ...... dang it .... can't think of hte stupid answer .... oh well 
OMG my dad has been listening to country music , of his own free wil !!! 
LIve and let live , love and let love . 
tonight was fun . 
slept pass noon today .... haven't done that in a while 
so many people keep telling me that I am ' wise beyond my years ' and I don't get how I am . But they instist that I am . 
have you ever had one of those moments , where something seems like the exact right thing to do , but later realized exactly how stupid you are ? I have ... 
much better .... much much better 
stupid hic-ups ... why can't they stop ? I hate hic-ups ..... OH and i got my AMAZING prom dress today .... did I mention that I hate hic-ups ? 
condesending ... why must people be condesending ?...... oh well , other than that its been a pretty great day . 
I do not like it Uncle < PROPFIRST > , I do not like it < PROPFIRST > I am . I do not like these dirty crooks , neither how they cook the books . I do not like when Congress steals , I do not like their secret deals . I do not like the speaker < PROPFEMALE > , I do not like this ' YES WE CAN ' . I do not like this kind of hope , I do not like it , nop ... e , no ... pe , nope !... Copy and repost if you agree . 
sad day , five day long spring break and I am stuck at home . People are either gone , or to busy without me .... oh well at least I can sleep in . 
for < PROPFEMALE > Pedersen deal with teh fact that I made you lose the game . 
boring day . At least I finally got my monkey . and no , it is not a real monkey . 
so today .... yeah , its one of those days . 
that's just lovely ... no really ... it is .... ( do you think they can tell I think its stupid ? ) 
I absolutely love my easter gift . Thank you < PROPMALE > . 
So many people have made such a big deal about the ACT ... I don't get it ... I thought it was easy .... hopefully my scores are good . 
I finally got my dress today , it took them long enough to finish .. I was starting to get nervous . lol 
Vote < PROPMALE > Ogden for Student Body President !!! 
what the F***ing He ** is wrong with the world , and why does nobody get that last minute crap like this doesn't work !!! Stupid government , stupid corporations , stupid people !! Just keep screwing us people that aren't < PROPMALE > over why don't you . 
such amazing luck ... 
OMG , prom is tomorrow !! I'm so excited !! 
I am so tired , but last night was so much fun . It's worth being this exhasted . 
one more time driving then my test ... evidently i'm pretty good at parallel parking ... I dont ' get why everybody hates it . 
Can't wait , its going to be so much fun !! 
I love the rain , it is so so so AMAZING !!! lol . 
Today was so much fun , I love when mom and sis's come out to visit ..... it just sucks when they have to leave . 
if my computer isn't taken in to get fixed soon , it willeither die , or I will kill it . 
gotta love those UB parent meetings . 
today has been one of those days . 
Tomorrow is going to be so much fun !! 
you know what really gets me .... I work my butt of to earn something , but then the fact that I can't pay the hundreds to do it , I no longer can .... but then there are those people that complain about everything , how they don't get anything , and yet they turn around and get their every whim .... its pathetic .... and then there is the fact that they complain about their lives ... I'll trade .... you'd die if you were me . 
it's really funny how people will read your status , and then get mad about it .... they have no proof that you are talking about them , and yet they take it to heart . People have a right to complain , and the world isn't always centered on the person reading the complaint . 
Yay !!! I can most likely take Calculus 1 now !!! 
never ending real deal ... or in other words nerd !!!! 
The road to knowledge begins with the turn of the < PROPFEMALE > . 
When somebody betrays you , you don't owe them anything . If you try , you'll only find hurt and pain . 
I'm not the drama ... you are . I'm not mad ... I gave up . I'm the loyal one .... but I refuse to stay while you stab my back . 
You aren't perfect .. you make mistakes just like the rest of us .... stop thinking that its only me , and recognize that its you to . 
I'm happy ..... I like being happy . 
lol ... I mean it ... lol 
Finally done with the history project ... I hate those huge last minute projects that teachers give to you . 
If you don't know what happened , shut up . If you don't like the fact that somebody has said something , shut up . The rest of us don't care what your opinion is , what's done is done , we can't change that . and we cannot change who somebody is , not matter how much we want to . 
May is Lupus awareness month . If you or somebody you know has Lupus , post this as your status to help spread awarenesss . There is no cure for this horrible disease , and millions people have to live with it every day . If everybody is made aware of it , and donates a little something to the research , then maybe a cure can be found , or at least something to make their lives better . 
Not sure if I should be happy or sad .... they both work . 
Upward Bound , here we come !!!! 
My genetics are 50% like a banana , and 99.9% just like every single other human being on the face of this planet . 
This weekend has been fun . I've missed my sisters and mom . Although , I keep hearing stories about me that I don't remember ... lol . 
Half of UB is over , I got some of my < PROPMALE > posted up finally so some people will quit bugging me , and I saw < PROPMALE > yesterday . I must say that i rather like this weekend . 
I witnessed a zombie attack today !! It was AMAZING !! I love UVU . \ 
And yes , I am completely serious . 
last day of UB .. so great , and yet so sad . I miss everybody . 
I love swimming ... even if I haven't been < PROPFEMALE > pool in a year until today 
tomorrow we are going down to Disney Land ... I'm so excited !!!! 
back from cali ... had fun .. but I am so tired , and the delay was so stupid . 
\And I'll forget the world that I knew\ 
I've decided that I love the Beach and the Ocean . oh , and I hope all the other basin UB's got home before 4 am 
I wonder if you can tell , that it really is a big deal to me ... 
I've officially henafied my design . Happy Day ! 
The past is the past so move on and don't dwell , the present is now so live the moment without regrets , and the future hasn't come yet , so don't worry . \ 
Just be yourself , things will eventually work out . \ 
-by me ... lol 
today is interesting ... I wonder what people would think if I told them about the fact I got a henna tattoo .... also wonder who knows what that is . 
Its a monday .... how odd . 
Its funny when mom finds old pictures . It reminds all of us how cute and supposedly innocent we were when we were younger ... its halarious . 
I love it when random adults get involved with something they don't know the half about . It just makes my day . ( please note the sarcasm ) 
today would suck if it weren't for elevator rides with people that don't mind talking ... especially ( as Em would agree ) if they are cute . 
the last comic semi-final is absolutely halarious .. I love it !! 
had almost forgotten how much she loves the book * The Truth About Forever * 
well that was interesting .... at least the week ended much better then I thought it would ... even if it hasn't ended yet . 
I finally got the drawing done !! Yay !! its about time too . 
Emails really add up when you don't have internet for a week . 
I love hanging out with my cousins ... even if the chick is crazy ... lol 
day one started .... can't wait for Wednesday .... today and tomorrow will suck ... 
the color game . Copy this onto your status and see what people rate you . * Red = I love you * Pink = Your cute * Green = Your funny * Orange = I like you * White = I used to like you * Yellow = You look like a good kisser * Black = I hate you * Blue = Friends forever * Purple = I don't know you that well ... * Grey = Your weird ..... 
here's a piece of advice : Never tell a person that has a phobia of spiders that a spider can crawl into the drink they are drinking , especially after a spider just fell from the ceiling right next to their head . 
Conversation is important . Without it you loose everything you ever thought you had . But give it two minutes and a conversation could very possibly bring everything back . 
Last night I dreamed of sleeping in my own bed ... its been five weeks at least ... I miss my bed and mis amigos 
I hope today will be great .... no reason it shouldn't be .... no reason any day should be ... its sad when days aren't great . 
My Day is amazing so far !! Thanks Paco ... lol .. don't worry I'll come up with something better . 
Yay ! for once my hair is working with me and aside from having a < PROPFEMALE > clip I actually have my hair down . 
This weekend was amazing ! I wish that everyday could have been as great as these last two have been . I hope its a sign that this week will be just as amazing ... and if its a bad sign ... well I just hope its an amazing sign . :D 
Am I the 1st thing you think of when you wake up in the morning ? 
I have really enjoyed today so far ... not as great as the weekend was .... but it works . 
the entire left side of my body is burned ... the right side is slightly , but not as badly .... it feels weird ! 
um .... well ... i'm tired ... and still have no clue . 
Cascade Springs is so pretty . I absolutely love it up there . 
break ups suck .... 
I wish it all was just a really bad dream 
Next door there's an old man who lived to his nineties\ 
And one day passed away in his sleep\ 
And his wife ; she stayed for a couple of days\ 
And passed away\ 
~ this is one amazing song 
If only I could have 1 wish .... 
made it through the first 24 hours .... you still say it is supposed to get better ? 
I had so much fun today .... gotta love my hour glass figure .... Thanks < PROPFIRST > !! 
To sleep the night away is a special gift .... now I only need to actually sleep all night .... lol 
The nothing box holds that piece of kneecap .... lol ... today was fun 
other then coming home ( Oh , btw everyone .. I'M HOME !! ) and reading a book i've had so little to do which gives me entirely too much time to think about what could have happened .... :| 
I would say muy to the infinate power squared to the mole ... but certain people think that I shouldn't , no matter how badly I want to . 
For 24 hours you can ask me any questions ( in my inbox ) that you want . I will answer no matter what . you have my full honesty , but i dare you to put this as your status and see what questions you get asked ! 
Just random now that stuffed backfired .... Does anybody here believe in a Soulmate for each person , or think its just random < PROPMALE > ? or what ? 
When my sadness turns to anger .. that's when I know i'm healing .... its just my weird thing . Although it might be easier if I didn't have a reason to be mad , especially cause it wouldnt ' have made a difference . 
I've never had my phone do that before .... its never refused to text somebody till now ... how odd .... stupid old old phone .... at least teh attena is still attatched ( and yes people my phone is that old ) 
Hate and Love are both strong full emotion .... Hate is concidered evil ... Then why doesn't it hurt the way that Love does .... if Love is < PROPMALE > , then shouldn't it not hurt ? 
Finally got my Fafsa filled out ... now i just hope that I did it right and I'll get the money that I need . 
I keep hesitating .... but I don't want to anymore . Maybe I shouldn't do this , but I'll follow my heart and if that doesn't work then what I thought was true really wasn't and boo you . 
BFF .... when you have been talking to somebody and been friends for so long that they accept everything about you .... and you don't realize they are your best friend until they randomly say it after 3 years of friendship .... lol :P 
Hope that tonight will be fun !! 
Loved the party ... although the car was kinda more fun ... oh well lol ... Hope UBIC will be fun . Can't wait to see friends !!! 
I've decided that the reason I don't finish more books with the fact I read so quickly is because of TV 
You used to always make time before , no matter what ... but now its obvious that you don't want to .... so why'd you even bother ? 
Today made my entire week . Yale sent me something in the mail ... it looks like i \might be a good candidate for admission to selective colleges such as Yale . \ " among other things .... It's completely amazing !!! " 
I wish upon the shooting stars .... I wish for him .... I wish .... maybe one day ? :) 
I've decided that I love ' forgotten ' by < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne ... among a bunch of other songs I forgot I loved . 
since the breakup so many things have happened ... it is so weird .... Oh well . I just hope its a good thing , cause right now the things have been pretty good . 
setting up payment plans is a pain ... but I got the scholarship ! so the amount due is $300 less then what granny and I were thinking ! 
It's hard when you lose somebody you care about . You can't talk to them when you need somebody anymore . it makes you feel lost and confused , and a million other emotions ... but then in the middle of it all , you begin to realize who your real friends have always been , cause they are the ones who will let you vent and cry , and support you the entire time . Thanks , You know who you are . 
Today was so amazing ... had so much fun at the reunion and in Heber afterwords . 
I love that moment when you reach the place you think you aren't going to reach , and you actually realize that you made it . Now all that's left is to heal , It makes me so happy . 
Got my senior pics done today . Velcro and my curly hair don't work very well together ... but evidently the pictures came out great . I didn't really look at them but Granny loves them . 
loves those long boring days where she can get lost in another world in her books . 
sometimes you know that you need to say something , but you also know that responding will hurt more then not . 
I hate it when people tell you that they'll call you in a couple of days , and then three weeks later you still haven't gotten a call . All they've done is slightly respond to your old emails or texts ... its rather annoying and rude . Not to mention pathetic . But oh well , it is their loss 
I'm tired ... but since that thing on Saturday I haven't been able to sleep decently ... may sleep come soon and for a very very long time ... lol 
I cant ' wait for school ... I miss class ... the only bad part is seeing people ... lol , love ya guys 
even a fake smile has some truth , even a tear cried in dispair has some hope . So live each moment fully , cause even though it seems the worst right now , you'll look back and realize , its what made you who you are , and that was the best thing that ever happened to you . 
the last first day of forced education is tomorrow ... next year it'll be all my fault ... lol 
I have so much free time that I don't know what to do with myself anymore . lol . all I know is it gives me way to much time to think . 
It's my personal opinion that if somebody wants to talk to you about something important , even if you are scared to talk to them , just do it . It might be one of the best things in your life ... you won't regret it because that way nobody can say you didn't try . 
I like teh idea .. although it was one I originally came up with ... but who knows , maybe this time it'll make sense ... they just have to agree 
I forgot most of what I wanted to say ... but then I realized , it doens't matter . People will act as they want , if they assume crap about me , then so be it . Cause I deserve better then that ... lol :) 
had almost forgotten how much she absolutly loves the song Whisky Lullaby ... its so amazing , and can be very truthful in what it can represent . 
You have to fight for what you love , if you don't you'll always be unhappy because you'll never have it . 
gotta love those moments where even though everybody is calling you the dramatic one , and you believed them . It was never you , it was the other party . lol , gotta love life . :) 
I cut my hair today .... it is definately different then anything i've ever had before .... oh adn my first Calulus class was great .. I think I am really goign to enjoy that class . I love limits right now . 
wherever you will go by the Calling is a great song ... just sayin ... although there are about a million and one great songs out there . 
today was very interesting ... although certain questions really make you think . 
I'm trying to come up with an idea for the < PROPMALE > peice I'm putting in the < PROPMALE > Competition . But I can't think up of anything .... can I have some help here ? 
Unfortunately most women won't re-post this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a .. HANDFUL .. then post this on ...... your status ... I dare you ! 
sometimes things happen that you don't plan on . It might be good or bad . But if you let the bad things take over , then you'll never be able to enjoy the good . Just remember love always exists , if it seems like you lost it , look in another place . I guarentee that it'll be there somewhere . 
I Bet NOBODY can answer all these questions ... Fullname : ___________ Age : ________ Birthday : ___________ Eye color : _________Nickname : ___________Bestfriend : ______________Favoritecolor : ___________MyFav Person : ____________ . Fav thing to do : _________ ... Post this to your ... wall and see who knows you .... DO IT !! 
life is interesting ... at least it would be if it happened like it does in my dreams ... but the question is whether or not it would be a good interesting or bad 
I'm tired of this ... there is only so much disappointment a person can take ... My family deserves better 
Got my Senior Pic proofs today , I'm don't care if the rights are owned by teh company , I paid for them so I'll post them ... lol . But yeah , oh and don't forget infinity isn't a point on the graph 
today was ... interesting\ 
I've decided that \By The Way\ " by Theory of a Deadman is one of the most amazing songs of all time " 
It surprising how busy a day gets ... today if I wasn't doing school , I was either hanging with friends , or doing homework ... or maybe daydreaming about certain people lol 
Today was amazing ... it would have been absolutely stunning if people would act instead of just say . But I've done all I can , so its up to them to keep their values . But yeah , the game and whatnot ( lol ) was simply Amazing !!! I love my friends ! 
sleep , the time where your mind shows you what you want in life ... awake , the time where your life shows you what you have in life ... dozing , where you imagine the best while knowing the worst . Don't give up hope , but always remember the truth 
This weekend was fun . And I got a great idea for a peice of artwork to do ... I just hope it'll turn out like i want it to 
today just keeps getting better and better ... now to find that sarcasm font 
They say that there is a silver lining for every bad thing ... I'm not sure what the silver lining is for today ... but man it better be good 
My new favorite song is Curve of the Earth by < PROPMALE > Nathanson .. but don't worry it'll prolly be something different soon enough , there is just so much amazing music out there 
I'm talking about you ... whether you get it or not . I just hope that you are talking about me ... 
My parents both recommended the same college to me ... that in itself is beyond creapy .. then I get on my email and there is an email from that school saying I've been selected to recieve a special admissions application !! 
lol , the counsling office now knows me as the Mines girl ... at least they know who I am , and are extremely impressed and want to help me to the best of their abilities . 
Life can be confusing at times ... you don't know what to feel , or what to do . Sometimes you have to try because you will never know otherwise , and sometimes you just have to let it go and see what happens . The question is how do you know which time is which ? 
Today was a mixture between boring , sad realizations about promises that will never come true , And the Absolutely Amazing wonderous day . 
A Thousand < PROPMALE > by < PROPFEMALE > Carlton .... among certain other songs .... enough said 
long , relaxing , and tiring day ... don't know how that works . lol 
I think I have a new fav song ... ' Times ' by Over and Underneath 
One day you will realize ... you really screwed up with me . To bad for you , cause if you ever want to fix it , well , just good luck . 
How did we meet ? , put this as your status and see who remembers . 
To look at the world and wonder ..... This can't be all that there is , there must be something and somebody out there that will make all the difference , no matter what people say . 
life is interesting ... but the rain makes it smell good , even if it seems that while everything has the possibility of being great , its all looking quite bad . 
here I am and I stand so tall , just the way i'm supposed to be 
Far Away by Nickelback ... enough said . 
today would have been one year ... how interesting ... oh well , last night was tons of fun !! 
my new fav song is Miss Invisible by < PROPFEMALE > Digby . 
I hope Sami is alright ... I remember when I lost Spotcy .... love you sweety 
sometimes you just don't know what to think and hope for ... other times , you know what you want to think and hope for , but you wonder if its really worth it . 
today was mixed ... extremely sad with Cinny's death ... but then extremely great cuase of other stuff .... hmm 
questbridge needs to work because I need my essays to go on it !! 
after three and a half hours the log in < PROPFEMALE > loaded ... but it didn't let me log in .... now to keep trying .... I hate servers 
it took me five hours to put my essays on the application because the server wouldn't load .... the last hour all I had to do was push submit ... It would not load .... questbridge was everything I dreamed of , and because the server wouldnt ' load ... I lost it , my only < PROPMALE > . 
today kinda did suck ... but its great when you have certain people that are there for you , and can always find a way to get you to smile 
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG !!! They extended the deadline !!!!! 
yesterday was ... interesting , and today was relaxing ... I can officially cook something that granny can't , and I am winning in the speggetti competition .. lol 
Click like if I've ever made you smile in your life then set this as your status and see how many you've made smile :) 
ah the randomness of a mind that loves to think ... lol ... at least now there are pics of me with my newish hair cut . 
It's raining ... I love the rain , its my fav weather ! 
if I could fall into the sky , do you think time would pass me by , ' cause you know I'd walk a thousand < PROPMALE > if I could just see you , tonight 
to dance in the pooring rain ... 
I hate having to wait .... at least I can smile , even while waiting ... lol 
Yesterday was great ... and the game , well that was just .. yeah lol 
if You and I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR WORDS , what would\ 
you say to me ? ( NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in \ 
your status - fair is fair - play along 
so I finally figured out how to show the time on the chat .... and I've decided that bubbly is an emotion , and is currently my favorite emotion ... lol 
So I keep on smiling through the rain . 
How does < PROPMALE > , University of Notre Dame , and Yale sound ? should I add in Brown ? 
Its scary applying to < PROPFEMALE > Leagues ... 
dipoles , man are people in my chemistry class stupid 
Tuesdays wear my brain out .... although I did sleep in and miss Missionary Prep ... so it equals how badly Thursdays wear me out .... It's weird to be busy and not get home til seven thirty . 
So I decided to look up the word twitterpated ... it means to be confused by affection or infatuation ... now we all know the exact definition ... lol 
Sunset sailing on April skies , bloodshot fire clouds in your eyes , I can't say what I might believe , but if god made you he's in love with me . 
So today was fun ... I'll admit it , I actually kinda liked taking pics , put only cause it was with my besties lol . 
the tombstones at lagoon were halarious ! loved it 
gotta love people .... yeah , whatever 
Thank goodness for different fonts ... Government report , you are finally done .. lol 
I hate it when I say something I don't really mean and it comes back to bite me in the butt ... I really am sorry , I was being stupid . 
I was sad , then I pretended to be happy . After a while I realized I was happy , really happy ... strange how things work . 
I keep smiling randomly ... and it doesn't seem to matter if I'm grumpy or tired ... I just keep smiling lol 
And now we are free , \ 
Free as a bird . \ 
To fly away , \ 
Away from here . \ 
To disappear ... 
I just love people who don't realize just how rude they are being . It keeps life interesting . However , keep my sisters out of the cross fire , or I will get involved , and you can suck up my rudeness . 
A friendship takes two people . If only one person tries , they are going to give up and stop trying . If you want it , you will have to make the move . Until you do , they will never know , and they will not keep trying because they think its useless . 
smiling is wonderful , until your cheeks hurt ... lol 
7 1/2 inches :( 
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG !!!!! I'm a QuestBridge finalist !!!! 
So ... yeah tonight is crazy .. I just got my acceptence to Colorado School of Mines too ... crazy crazy night 
It rained today ... well for a little while . It would be nice if it rained like that all day . I love the rain . 
A smile makes the world go round , even if it seems at an end . 
How Strong Do You Think I Am\ 
How Much Can I Take Of This\ 
Am I A Rock Or A < PROPFEMALE > Or A Fist\ 
Or The Breath At the End Of A Kiss 
through the wind and the rain , \ 
she stands hard as a stone .... \ 
but her dreams give her wings , \ 
and she flies to a place where she loved\ 
concrete angel . \ 
~ I love this song . 
Never give up hope , and never tell somebody to give up hope . It might be the only thing left to keep living for sometimes . 
So I've decided that one of my all time favorite objects is my black sharpie . It really is amazing , and with some help from < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , very very inspirational ... lol 
I'm so excited for tomorrow ... it'll be so much fun . I'll miss those of you that decided not to go or just couldn't go to the UB activity . On an entirely different note , hospitals smell funny . 
Smile at least once a day . 
This weekend was fun .... and hopefully the bruises will fade soon lol . :) 
I was busy this last week with studying that I wasn't able to fully finish the application to the questbridge schools ... but I actually don't feel to bad about it . I got CSM and UVU . I'm good . :D 
I hate saying something and it comes out wrong , then I feel guilty for hours afterwards .. but on a possitive note I think I know my nano thing and I finally got my < PROPMALE > scholar letter ! 
I whisper the wrong name in my sleep ... tell me , what is a soul mate ? 
PUT\ 
THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 = Crazy , 2 = i'd marry\ 
you , 3 = I love you , 4 = Sarcastic , 5 = I miss you , 6 = I'd Kiss you , 7 = \ 
Moody , 8 = Smart , 9 = Energetic , 10 = Spoiled , 11 = Random , 12 = A hero , \ 
13 = Funny , 14 = You're mine , 15 = Amazing , 16 = Tough , 17 = Cute 
Love , Hate , Fear . All three are emotions of the heart . But only one can exist at a time . 
In a lifetime you don't remember every kiss , just like you don't remember every person . You only remember those that really meant something . You especially remember those whose kiss chanced the world for you . 
Yay ! i'm a fifth of the way done with my ( required stuff for my ) nano story . And I've figured out how everything will work together ! 
Ain't nothin ' better \ 
We beat the odds together \ 
I'm glad we didn't listen \ 
Look at what we would be missin ' 
to heal the tears it takes a breath ... but to heal the heart takes love 
Like this and I will tell you a truth about you . :D 
being miserable makes others around you miserable ... so be happy , life is much better when people are happy .. lol 
What does it mean to care about somebody ? 
Some days I wonder what would the sun taste like if it was purple eggs ... other days I wonder how you can tell if somebody really cares about you and how much ... 
checked my ACT stuff ... found out I got a 31 ... would have been higher if I had studied more in english but I'm excited 
When I met u I was scared to like u , when I liked u I was scared to love u , when I loved u I was scared to lose u Now Ive lost u & wished I met a different u 
I've discovered a new love .. so sorry ex ... but Rocket to the < PROPFEMALE > is an amazing band lol ... I especially love their song like we used to 
Case closed . \ 
I'm not here anymore\ 
And I'm not scared anymore . \ 
The way you walked away\ 
I could tell you weren't afraid\ 
To do the things you had to do . \ 
Even though I meant so much to you . 
I worry ... its my thing ... and when I don't feel good I have a shorter limit on what it takes to piss me off ... It doesn't matter if you can't tell I dont ' feel good . if you were actually the person you led me to believe you would know already . 
The one thing I wish I could do the most is save the people I care about from their pain . Even those that don't see who I am anymore , and think me a stranger . I care so much ... is it any wonder I worry ? 
So the random writings section of my story is the longest so far ... but all of the writings either have to do with the story .. to help the reader see more about the characters ... is this bad or good ? 
Smiling is a happy thing .. the world needs more happy things 
so I was looking at my clothes earlier .. and from my hat to my pants I'm blue .. even my eyes are blue ... lol 
so I learned new stuff I had kinda halfway figured out ... it really hurts ... but I'm actually happier now having it confirmed ... hurting happy ? how odd ... lol 
Hey you .. yes you , the person reading my status .... Smile ! oh come on , don't look at this status like that . I mean it smile . You have a great smile , so you better show it off more . 
I'm finally done with Chemistry 1010 !!!! now if only I can figure out how the second tri stuff will work ... I hope they didn't really cancel english 1010 
Hope is a dream of a soul awake . ( French Proverb ) 
life is a random thing 
It rained this morning ... snowed for about a half hour this afternoon ... then it started to rain again and took away all the snow . sad 
music-one of the most amazing things in the universe . 
Yay ! technically my college classes don't start til next week . \ 
Now i just have to get passed that calculus test tomorrow . 
I've decided I like the < PROPMALE > scholar list ... I believe I actually have a shot now at winning one of three . Good luck to all of us . 
Don't pull off my wings \ 
I wanna fly away to better things \ 
I want you there too \ 
So find where your heart sings \ 
And we'll be free together \ 
Feeling everything \ 
Don't pull off my wings 
the best part of thanksgiving is the food . \ 
The worse part is the cleanup . \ 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Thanks to all the extra stuff I've pulled together for my novel I've technicoly won Nano ... the only problem is the extra stuff is to help me with my novel , not actually my novel ... lol 
smile at the horrid world ... it'll make the devil run scared . 
I love going places and running into people I didn't expect to see for a couple more days . 
so I've decided that argueing and then having to cook something isnt ' the greatest combo for me . 
Mimi : To love and to have lost is better then not to have loved at all . Kina : haha , sure . What crackhead said that ? Mimi : God . Kina : oh ... ok ... How is God doing in the treatment center ? 
If you think I'm cute , like my status . If you love me , put a heart . If I \ 
am a good friend , put a (: . If you miss me , put a :/ , If you ever had a\ 
crush on me , put a (; . If you're brave , put this as your status 
finding songs that bring me back to a time and place , that describe a part of who I am , and are significant to memories and me ... is a lot harder then somebody might realize . 
Wish me adn the other crazy ADers luck at district tomorrow . 
redbull ... with a touch of sprite , but I'm still young so I won't worry bout that . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight againstchild abuse & copy , paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
And I saw\ 
Pictures in my head\ 
And I swear I saw you opening up , again\ 
Cuz I would be heavenly \ 
if baby you'd just rescue me , now 
I hate it when my sisters have to leave 
life sure is interesting 
I like to play with it outside . 
sleep ... what comes to pass after pain meds enter system . 
I forgot how much I love the days where I start and finish a book in less then three hours .... I really should make more time for it . 
So I listened to the luckiest for the first time in months ... not sure what to think now .. hmm ( reflection needed ? ) 
homework , school , extracurricular , more homework .... good thing facebook is here lol 
( INBOX ONLY ) 2010 !!!!! is almost over , so confess something you've always wanted to tell me ?? :) :) :) Put this as your status , youuu may be surprised .. 
smile at the world ... even if everything sucks adn all you want to do is cry . 
I looked up my name ... I think I like it\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Shy with a hint of spunk . A little afraid to try new things but will adore them when she gets into it . She is lovely , beautiful and talented , but sometimes does not believe she really is . Can be a little crazy hyper ! \ 
She thinks she's not a < PROPFEMALE > , but she totally is ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > pretty spunky fun nessa crazy 
trying to make a resume fit on one < PROPFEMALE > is harder then it seems sometimes 
Im talkin bout blue eyes , blue eyes\ 
Whats the matter , matter\ 
Blue eyes , blue eyes\ 
Whats the matter matter\ 
so blind , so blind\ 
Whats the matter with you ? 
You won't believe what happened today ... and you'll never guess it . But go ahead .. try . I dare you 
I'm just going to relax , and doodle ... oh crap , there is school today isn't there ? guess my relaxing will have to be put on hold . 
there's a limit to the crap a person can swallow ... give them to much and they'll walk away , and take everybody with them . 
you said I'll be in touch ... what a lie that has become . 
Is greatful for everybody involved in < PROPFEMALE > Tree , and for mom's side of the family .... I know its the only way my sisters are going to get christmas this year . Thank you . 
Evidently I'm like Grace Kelly ... hmm 
i miss certain words I used to use all the time ... like glashop ... that was a good word . 
I love my new and amazing water colors ..... now to go and paint something . 
at the end of the day I ended up not needing stitches ... but I'm staying away from windows so I don't fall through one again . 
piece of advice .... attempting suicide by tripping through a window is ineffective . 
I love looking back and realizing that the people who say that they don't want drama and they do everything to be the greatest friends to me as possible .... well those are the friends I really need to replace . 
its the < PROPFEMALE > of New Year's < PROPFEMALE > ... I'm shocked . 
we walked along a crowded street\ 
you took my hand and danced with me in the shade\ 
and when you left you kissed my lips\ 
you told me you would never ever forget these images , no\ 
well , I'd never want to see you unhappy\ 
I thought you'd want the same for me\ 
~ I love this song 
I recieved a merit scholarship for 48 thousand dollars today for the Colorado School of Mines 
I love days filled with sweet surprises ... the only bad thing about today is Karalyn turning 14 , I remeber her being an annoying baby . Love you sissy . 
I feel old .. emmy passed her driving test ... and I got invited to a banquet at UVU 
Emotions ... the worlds way of mocking human beings . 
I remember things I used to day dream about ... some of them are extremely stupid ... others make me wonder why things happened the way they did . Guess I still think promises mean something in this world . 
Smile at the world .... even when you only have half your homework for the next week done . 
movie ... dance , movie ... dance , yeah , I think I liked the movie , it was cute 
Baby , There goes somebody's miracle\ 
Walking down the street\ 
There goes some other < PROPFEMALE > tale 
So many people don't realize how easy and lucky they have it . I wish there were some way to take them out of their pompus lives and into a difficult one . Even if they don't learn , some people with harder lives deserve a day where things are good again . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are . Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word & not copy . That's no fun ! ;-) 
My new theme song is now officially \Brand New Day \"" 
Homework and facebook ... the two things that multi-tasking was invented for . 
my \niece\ " Neveah is so cute " 
Yay ! No more highschool classes for the rest of my life !!! 
Sometimes it only takes a reminder of the past to realize that now is so much better . 
So many people are saying that the Zodiac signs change ... well They did if you are looking at it from a < PROPFEMALE > perspective . However most atronomers use the sun , and that hasn't changed . So most horoscopes will still be the same old sign as before . 
and I find it kind of funny and I find it kind of sad . The dreams in which I'm dying are the best i've ever had . 
Talking is a necessary part of communication .... as nice as full conversations with many people are awesome , sometimes one on one conversations are much needed . 
Looking at all the different college costs ... I certainly hope those scholarships come through . 
Hey Random peoples .... don't we just look amazing today ? \ 
hahahahahaha , don't have to understand , but ya gotta love it . 
So many ask why be with somebody when you will most likely lose them in the end . It's because even if we do lose them , we learned something about ourselves . Plus , we never know who might be the one for us , until we are with them . 
When someone treats you like dirt , don't wonder why they hate you . Find a way to mock their patheticness . Laughing is a much better alternative to hurting confusion . 
most people would like dreams of old memories ... but I don't , they just make me more confused about the present . 
just sitting here waiting .. maybe one day they'll get the hint . But I might not wait that long . 
\I don't get many things right the first time\ 
Please put this as your status for at least one hour if you or someone you know has or had an invisible illness ( Crohn's , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , Fibromylagia , MS , COPD , Lupus , Hemochromotosis , Celiac Disease , Diabetes ) . My one wish is that in 2011 cures will be found . Do it for all who have an invisible illness .. They may \look\ " fine ... doesn't mean they feel fine " 
I woke up thinking that the week couldn't get any worse . But within an hour that changed ... I really need to stop waking up like that . 
A smile , just one small smile , can turn a tragedy into something hopeful . 
So many tell me that I am an optimist , that I find the good in all that is wrong . My question for them is will thinking about the bad things make life any better ? I'd rather smile that something happened , then cry that it ended . Looking at the good , it may not make it better , but it definately makes it easier . 
I got bored today so I started looking throught < PROPFEMALE>'s old UB stuff and OMG , that year was so funny and awkward . I totally miss it . lol 
I must say , sundays seems to be rather lazy days . 
I have a new little cousin ! He looks so cute , I can't wait to meet him . 
Finished an amazing drawing ... too bad my new sketchbook is too big for teh scanner 
tuesday .... I woke up thinking it was friday . This week is so long already 
\Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell . \ " ~ Emily Dickinson\ 
Everybody should smile at the world , because crying just makes the world laugh at you more . 
appoximately 4 papers to do . Good thing one is optional , two should be rather simple , and one is about my life up to this point . 
walking up the stairs I can handle . Gravity not liking me very much , I can handle . Having crappy ankles I can handle . Combining the three and twisting the crappy ankle up yet again , i don't want to keep handling . 
Evidently I have a talent for writing a book review ! I'm so glad I changed topics on that paper . 
If I told you that I love you what would you do ? \ 
It's the question that everybody want to ask , but is too afraid to . 
I thought I heard sirens today in town , but didn't believe it til I saw that the Glass Shop had caught fire . 
When life seems dark , it isn't because the sun isn't shining . It's because that one person isn't shining through the clouds anymore . 
\don't pull of my wings I wanna fly away to better things\ " \ 
so I've decided I like books with meaningful quotes in them . It helps to make life make sense ... if anything can ever do that . 
So much math ! and I dont ' even take math . lol . JK , I love tutoring . 
school , homework , tutoring , < PROPMALE > scholar , tutoring , AD makeup work ... and repeat 
So , I lost my Lupus bracelet this week , sad huh ? 
FLBA Region today . I tested in Accounting 1 , Business Calculations , and Word Processing 2 . I won 3rd in Business Calculations and 1st in Word Processing 2 ! 
\And it's alright 
\Don't listen to them\ 
After all is said and done . \ 
yeah , I wish it could be that easy . 
all it takes is one word , one sentence , one heart , one life , to change your entire world . 
I almost wish I could invent a time machine and fast foward a week . 
I love writing subtle status at you because I know you read them and wonder if they are about you . I just wish that you would act on them . 
I may hate today , but I will be civil and wish everybody a Happy Valentines Day 
Goodnight world . may tomorrow shine as a bright new day .... at least , lets hope so . 
Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Fibromyalgia , Lupus , APS , Diabetes , Crohns , PCOS , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Osteoarthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , MS , Depression , Bipolar , M.E , Autism/Aspergers etc ) . Do it for all who have an invisible illness . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . 
so many people dont ' realize what backstage people do ... Let me tell you , the show wouldn't exist without them , the actors might has well be on a corner . \ 
Great show tonight though , love ya'll . 
The < PROPFEMALE > eyes rain , when she sees him standing there . 
drama ... there is so much drama ! That's right , the play Anything Goes is still going on . 
back in the good old days it was a struggle to see who was the smartest and fittest because only a few survived . Now we have medicine , so all those who should have died are still alive , and running our country . thank you modern medicine , you really work wonders . 
There are absolutely no scholarships there for children with parents in prison . Please either stop telling me that there are ( cause trust me I've done my research ) or do the research yourself and give me a link to help me out . Don't mean to be grumpy , but it's obvious that children like me are being screwed over . 
Anything Goes tomorrow night .. then i'm off to colorado for most the weekend !! 
OMGies . Colorado was so amazing . 
I'm glad that < PROPFEMALE > loves to bite people in teh butt , especially since I end up hearing about it and laughing because they completely deserved it . 
just a questions ... if you see somebody fall and get hurt what would you do ? What if you had once loved them .. would that make a difference ? But what if you now hated them without reason ?... for me it wouldn't matter , but does it for you ? 
I have at least an A- in both of my college classes that I've taken finals in this week ... I am so happy ! 
good news with my stupid injuries ... only a few survice bruises , the rest are just deep muscle bruises that make it hard to move ... at least my leg doesn't look black and blue so I'm happy . 
I'm blueberry but I wish I was < PROPFEMALE > 
So I have a new favorite quote : \Life was so much easier when I was a fetus\ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Pedersen " 
Who actually knows me ? I bet NOBODY can answer all the questions right . First Name : _______ Middle Name(s ): _______ Last Name : _______ Age : _______ Birthday : ________ Eye Color : ______Hair Color : _______ < PROPMALE > Name : _______ Favorite Color : _______ Favorite Sport : _______ copy and paste as your status and see who gets it right . 
1st person to like my status - I will have your last name for 2 weeks . \ 
2rd person to like my status - I'll write I love you on your wall . \ 
3th person to like my status - I will answer any question . ( In my inbox)\ 
Put this as your status ... if you're brave enough ? ? ? ? 
live life and don't look back or regret .. if you do you'll remember why you cared and not why you shouldn't . 
\long before we ever kissed 
\but this is not the way that it should end \ 
Sibling war ! Copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without your brothers and sisters protesting , it is true . 
you said you were there but you dissapeared . Why can't I hate you ? 
OMG ... I got an A in the class I though I'd be lucky to get an A- in ! Happy day ! 
\I can't be held responsible\ 
AD State tomorrow ... wish us luck . 
I come back from the green grass and sun to rain ... oh well , We ROCKED at state . We got third and I got a $100 scholarship . 
Love is always worth it , don't ever forget that . It might hurt in the end or even during it . But it's always worth it . I promise . 
and I'll smile at the rain , even if its the last time I do . 
When you look at me what do you really see ? A girl great in school or one that struggles through trials everyday ? What about everybody else ? \ 
Do you see everybody , or just what you want ? 
I just finished painting my pants ... now what to do ? 
I forgot how much I love little kids , even if they do compeletly wear me out . 
if all you can do is smile , then smile . 
if you ever feel sad on facebook , stop reading that post and look at others , within a minute you'll find something funny . 
this portfolio thing has officially confused me . I think I'm going to completely scrap what I have and get a different program . 
Which prom would be funner ... here or Orem ? hmm .... 
I love it when things work out , especially in the most unexpected ways . 
But if I touch you like this\ 
And if you kiss me like that\ 
It was so long ago\ 
But it's all coming back to me\ 
\ 
~ I've had this song stuck in my head for days . 
I got a beautiful pin from AD tonight . It made a great closing on an interesting day . 
if life gives you a < PROPMALE > , take it and run . 
\Anywhere you are 
Another class down , I'm getting fast at these VC classes 
I love surprises . 
The Dalai Lama , < PROPMALE > Ford and < PROPFEMALE > Keller are Communists in my Love life . \ 
lol , what a great night . 
Yay ! my Upward Bound pages are done ! 
i love saying something repeatedly and still nobody listens . Oh well , at least FBLA was absolutely amazing ! 
I get on facebook and the < PROPFEMALE > is full of relationship changes ... is today the new Valentines or something ? 
school ... tomorrow ... is that a good thing ? 
< PROPMALE > Scholar , College Class , VC Certificates .... am I missing something ? Oh yeah , a social life . 
Always follow what you feel you should do , if you don't , you might never get another < PROPMALE > . 
I know so many incredible people . I look up to them and think how impossible it seems for them to realize who I am . They seem even more incredible when I realize they really do see me . Thank you so much . 
I hope everybody has fun at prom tomorrow night ! 
Dear Government , if you feel the need to stop paying our military personnel , then I think you should feel the need to stop paying yourselves . I'd like to see you support your family without a pay check ! By the way , maybe if you take your pay check down to less than $100K it would help some of the budget issues in < PROPFEMALE > . I'd like to see you survive on enlisted military personnel pay ! RE-POST if you AGREE 
I finally figured out how to get my hair up since I can't pull it back into a pony tail anymore . 
All she's ever felt is held back\ 
She says , \It's kinda nice to hear myself laugh\ " \ 
Graduation and my birthday are coming up way to quick . 
if You and I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR WORDS , what wouldyou say to me ? ( NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status - fair is fair - play along 
so if everything works out just right I might have a job by the end of the week . I'm certainly praying and hoping so . 
If you had to leave everything behind but one thing , what would it be ? Would it be her , or would it be me ? 
\and I'll take my chances\ 
I think ... oh wait , my brain is dead from school . 
When somebody is trying to explain why they say something don't get offended because it's not what you think it should be , actually listen and be supportive , cause you do the same thing sometimes . 
? IF YOU HAVE A SISTER WHO HAS MADE YOU LAUGH , PUNCHED YOU , STUCK UP FOR YOU , DROVE YOU CRAZY , HUGGED YOU , WATCHED YOU SUCCEED , SAW YOU FAIL , PICKED YOU BACK UP , CHEERED YOU ON , MADE YOU STRONG , AND IS SOMEONE YOU CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT & SOMEONE YOU CAN ALWAYS COUNT ON .... RE-POST THIS IF YOU HAVE A SISTER YOU LOVE ? 
I wrote a new poem today , and now I want to find a poetry contest based on military service to enter it into . 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's butt . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
Like this status and I'll tell you ; 1 : Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 10 seconds . 2 : The color you remind me of . 3 : My first memory of you . 4 : The animal you remind me of . 5 : Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 : My favorite thing about you . 7 : I ... challenge you to post this as your status . (: 
Made Danish Pancakes for the first time in years , I forgot how much I absolutely love them ... I really need to keep up better on my Danish heritage since I'm more Danish then most Americans 
I get to go to Nationals !!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG OMG OMG OMG !!! 
< PROPMALE > scholar competition tomorrow , hope I can focus . Wish us all good luck ! 
my fav weather ... Thunder Storms !! The only bad part is turning off all the electronic stuffs for safety reasons . 
I absolutely love my mask !! 
Last night was so much fun ... but i've stayed up way to late and gotten up way to early for too many days this last week 
I'll be sending out graduation announcements pretty soon , if you are family and think I still dont have your address please send it to me . If you are a friend and want one , send me your address and I'll see if I have any left over . 
so the eye doctor said I got rid of my astigmatism , which is evidently really rare . Makes me happy I continue to do rare and odd things . Hopefully I'll do something even more rare and fully get rid of that stupid blindness thing in my other eye . 
got my housing contract ... now I\m feeling really old . " 
Guess it's officially official that i'm going to CSM since they got my housing contract and enrollment convermation today and informed me of it . 
It will always matter to me , and I don't know when or if I can ever fully give up . But at least I can say I keep my promises and always do everything I can . What can you say ? 
Prom was so much fun ... I love making new friends ! 
I'm the type of person that when somebody says I'll remember everything about you I actually believe them , because , I\m also the type of person that will remember everything about you . " 
May .... finals , start job , mothers day , birthday , senior trip , graduation for UBATC , graduation for Union .... I know I\m missing something " 
IF YOU'RE NOT SCARED !!!! PUT THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2 ) I'd marry you ( 3 ) I want to date you . ( 4 ) Sarcastic ( 5 ) I miss you . ( 6 ) I'd kiss you . ( 7 ) Beautiful . ( 8 ) Smart . ( 9 ) Imaginative . ( 10 ) Random . ( 11 ) Smart Aleck . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) Fit . ( haha ) ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Tough . ( 16 ) Cute . ( 17 ) I'd hit you with a bus . ( 18 ) I love you . ( 19 ) Weirdo ( 20)Friends foreveR (: 
IN HONOR OF MOTHER'S DAY - I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother , or one of the two of you and keep it there till May 9 . I did and so have several others . If you will and like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB ..... I love you MOM 
the radio keeps playing songs that fit exactly what I'm thinking about you ... it's kinda crazy . But on the plus side young womens was fun tonight 
36 addresses found and listed .... now I need to get friends of family addresses found and listed ... so many addresses !! lol 
first 5 people to like my status & i'll answer (: \ 
1 . How we met ? \ 
2 . Would i date you ? \ 
3 . Who are you to me ? \ 
4 . Have we kissed ? \ 
... 5 . What i like best about you ? \ 
6 . What i dislike about you ? \ 
7 . Favorite memory of us ? \ 
8 . My first impression of you ? \ 
9 . How close we are ? 
