Tryin Oh so bad to get a god damn job ! 

Brother fried my charger to my laptop so im fucked til then 
I Love Windows 7 
My first tri classes are decent except for the absolutely boring first block of english 12 . its an good class but it's packed with the preppiest kids i could name in this damned school . 
Pink < PROPMALE > . Dark Side of the < PROPFEMALE > (: 
Nothing like hitting off the New Years with a few drinks and some friends (: 
New Years party . Fun ! ZERO sleep so headed home to PASS THE FUCK OUT ! 
Ugh ! Feeling dead . Dead and very cold ... 
Talking to people . Text me . 
Going into the military is not an automatic death sentence . The mortality rate for soldiers is much lower than most would think . So as much as I enjoy people caring about me I'd rather you not try to stop me from doing this . \ 
\ 
* Cough * < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > * Cough * 
Is it weird that when I think Military I think of Biggie's song Ready to Die ? lol jk 
So I'm up . Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out my last day ? 
Anyone trying to chill today . Just text me . 
Tired Frustrated and Gotta Go To School ... this should be fun 
Im Feeling Good 
Workin to build a computer without Blowin My Budget(under 3000 ) and it's frustrating 
Happy Valentines People . 
Been to Damn Long ( Done with Myspace ) 
We WIN !!!! 
Video Upload Wouldnt Work FUCK !! 
It's really hard tolerating a drunk fuck in your face clueless about the world around him 
Well i finally got the Spirit Week Prank Up and I'm getting tired gotta long day ahead of me 
Watching T.V. Somewhat tired but that's what happens when your bored out of your mind . 
Relaxin cuz there is nothing else to do here 
Waking up this early with nothing to do is a fucking CURSE ! 
In my own world with my favorite music . 
Is anyone doing anything tomorrow because I need to get out of this house !! I cannot deal with my dad for a whole week ! 
Out of the house YAY !! 
Turned a great day with friends into a near fistfight with my dad thanks DAD !!!!! 
Now he's gonna try to apologize I'm not in the mood to hear my dad's bullshit apology again 
Well today shouldn't be horrible . I guess ... 
Bored and parents ain't helping so thanks 
Sleepin Time !! 
Having a decent day with some bad news 
I have come to the conclusion that it is near impossible to tie your shoes with a hard cast on one hand . Man I feel Shitty . 
Hoo-Fucking-Ray for broken knuckles ! 
Going to sleep Got School Tomorrow 
Got school which seems pointless because of this arm . 
Off to sleep . One more day til I visit the orthopedist !! 
Feasting on an Awesome Pizza 
Fuck Yea I don't need Surgery !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yesterday was fun . 
< PROPMALE > out for nearly 12 hours 
Found out The Fourth Kind was fake and claimed to be real . Still scary if you dwell on it though . 
Let me know if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out 
How in the hell can people watch MTV reality shows !!!! Or that 16 and Pregnant Jersey Shore Retarded Shit ? 
Really REALLY TIRED !! Going to sleep 
I like to remain neutral when there is drama afoot so I don't pass judgement . 
Text Me I'm bored !!! 
I think I'm growing out of some of my bad habits yay ! Well off to < PROPFIRST>'s Tomorrow !! 
Mmmm nom nom nom popcorn :) 
Bored . Text me ( If you dont have my number ask ) . 
In order to survive you gotta learn to live with Regrets - Jay-Z 
Ughhh tomorrow I gots to pay for < PROPFEMALE > prom ticket !! 
Jammin to My Docerse Music 
Jammin to my Diverse Music 
Had fun hangin with my friends ( and texting one too ) :D 
Let me know if the war is still happening 
Zzzzzzz .... 
Just woke up no clue what's happening today , text me . 
Sleeping Time !!! 
Knuckle Feeling AWESOME I CAN MAKE A FIST ( Still No Punching ) Now its my wrist buggin the hell out of me . If it's not one thing it's another huh ? 
Jammin to Music 
Bored . Rain doesn't help .... Someone text me please ! 
No More Rain ... Still bored text me lol 
Great more thunder ~.~ 
And some Lightning WOOOO ! 
Going to sleep Got Schools In the Mornins :) 
Good Morning Michigan !!!! 
Got home . Military Ball tomorrow , it's gonna be really fun :) 
Can't Sleep :( 
HOLY SHIT !!! Military Ball was actually really Fun !!!! :) 
Back home healing these welts 
Donated blood . Really tired . 
Got back from kickball leg cramped up and sleepy 
Going swimming today ! 
Still Debating whether I should shell out $25 for < PROPFEMALE>'s . Well text me . 
Awake , Blasting Music :) 
I didn't swim yesterday . Dare I attempt again ? 
Yea i'm gonna try to swim again . Not gonna run laps and it's raining so yea . 
Thank for killing my mood Dad . 
Thank God for Granting this Moment of Clarity ! 
Tried on my prom tux . In feeling pretty snazzy lol . 
Got < PROPFEMALE > Sadies ticket . Thanks < PROPMALE > !!! 
Anyone know when 2nd Block starts tomorrow ? 
Pissed Because the CP Trip is Canceled 
Sleep , Prom , Afterparty Fuck Yes !!! 
Best friend for last night's name was porcelain . 
Anyone know what's happening tomorrow ? Text me . 
Sleep ... 
Bored out of my mind , let me know if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ( text me ) 
Bored , Really REALLY bored . 
Bored out of my mind . About to play some 2010 Demo ( UFC ) 
That was short lived ... Need something to do . Suggestions anyone ? 
Fuck !!!! 
Pissed off , bored , want to punch something ( or someone ) in the face . 
Argh ! I want Taco < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
It's a Long Road to Ruin ..... Takin this bullshit a day at a time . \ 
Running through hell , heaven can wait . \ 
-Foo Fighters :P 
Wanted to go to the awards ceremony ... That didn't happen . 
No point being pissed at my Dad ... Hell I expect this shit by now . 
Going to sleep with some things to think about . 
Bored , text me . 
Home alone ... Time to make some spaghetti !! 
...... FUCK !!! 
Uuugghhhh 
This goes to everyone I texted at lunch . I want you to not tell ANYONE about \it\ " . I'd rather not have everyone knowing and someone taking credit for what WE came up with thank you . " 
God parents be so difficult ! 
Finished watching both of The Boondock Saints Fucking Awesome ! 
..... Gotta get some sleep , swimming tomorrow :) 
Let it be known that you cant get permission and consider what you did a senior prank . 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out before I go to < PROPFEMALE>'s . If so text me . 
Tired ... Gonna sleep for a while before I go to < PROPFEMALE>'s , < PROPFEMALE > out ? Text me ... I'll wake up lol :) 
Sadies was alright glad I had the few friends that was there otherwise I wouldn't have gone . 
.... Bored anyone want to text ? 
Extremely bored . 
Goin to sleep . 
Whoa I'm up early . Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Goodnight Facebook . 
Need to talk to recruiter then trying to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Time to go to sleep goodnight people . 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out later ? I actually have a ride now :D 
June 4th Counting down the days . 
So apparently I found my musical soulmate lol . Now I need to download some more songs :D 
Ok what seniors are going to the war ? 
Fucking Awesome ........ 
WHO'S HOUSE !!!!!! OUR HOUSE !!!!! SEN10RS !!!!! 
If you have a car and are willing to pick me up for some \things\ " call me I need the pickup around 11:30 ish " 
Everyone BAILED ! EVERYONE except me and Gluba . So screw the rest of you 
Sleep YES ! 
Well , I'm up really early . Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out later ? Sometime after 1 ? 
Ok so I have maybe 5-6 grad party invitations . So far there's < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE>'s , < PROPFIRST > #2 , and Eliel < PROPFEMALE>'s . Anyone else ? I haven't chosen who's to go to , but I'm going to at least 3 . 
..... anything but a thunderstorm ! Dammit it it's gonna last til 9AM 
Ok everyone who's having a grad party can I get a time and day ? I really wanna go to all of them . 
So ..... who else couldnt get to sleep ? Anyone lol 
Cleaning my room , shower then boredom . Does anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Gotta wake up in the Morn . 
I'm done . After I do th walk I got a good six months til I'm gone . Between people pissing me off . I only have maybe 3-4 true MATURE friends . 
Fuck . Glad I was sleep . Dammit I hope all if you guys are ok . 
Six-to-Seven months , that's all I have til I'm Gone . 
Bored .... Someone text me . 
Still awake . I don't even know if I'll go to the farewell assembly . 
Congratulations to the class of 2011 . Kennedy is your hellhole now . Make sure that Sipriano doesn't forget you guys at the end of the year ! 
< PROPMALE > Smith is Graduating ! 
< PROPMALE > GraduatED !!! 
BONFIRE !!!!!!!!!!! 
Fun day . Tomorrow is my day of rest sooo yea . 
It's official FUCK JUNE , 19th !!! That day sucks ass . There's like 8 Grad party's that day that I'd like to go to !!!!!!!!!!! 
The Pretender\ 
-Foo Fighters 
Get him to the Greek Funniest shit I've seen in a long time Hilarious ! 
What am I going to do today ? 
Toy Story 3 Midnight . Anyone ? 
Cant go to see the movie tonight . FUCK ! 
Everyone who is going at midnight to see the movie were going to emagine in Canton that or IMAX let me know which . 
Toy Story 3 Awesome ! :) 
Grad Parties ! Hell Yea ! 
Ok yesterday was fun ( all of it ) :P 
Is anything happening tomorrow ? 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out today ? Cedar Point tomorrow ! :) 
Gotta get some sleep if I plan on waking up early tomorrow . See you all later . 
Dammit the Dragster is down . I'm 6 people away ! 
Oh man Job interview today ! 
Midnight premiere Grown Ups :) 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out today ? I'm doing nothing all day today so I'm open . 
Bored does anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? I'm free . 
Gotta wake up early tomorrow for an interview . Boy ' O ' Boy , let the good times rool :P 
Cold Wind Blows 
Bored . Grad party today around 4ish . 
Was gonna go to < PROPFIRST>'s party tonight but no ride . Chilling at < PROPFIRST>'s having a bonfire . 
Application done sleep time now ! 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out today ? Just text me . 
Why is everyone afraid of these storms ? 
Bout to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > all day . 
Mom taking a long time . -.- 
Battery dying finally left . 
Bored can't sleep . 
Batteries are about to die ... Don't know what to do lol . 
Wow so my brother us beginning to show some ... \signs\ " of instability ... Mentally . " 
Interview today ... 
I'm bored , and this \job interview\ " is starting to piss me off . " 
bored nothing to do ..... I guess I'll hop on my 360 . 
Bonfire at GLUBA'S!!! 
Gotta wake up early tomorrow for my contacts .... anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out afterwards ? 
ok I gotta get some sleep ... 
OM NOM NOM Chinese food :) 
Chinese was tasty :) Now I'm bored ... anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? Just text me . 
Kinda bored . Text me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Bored ... 
Putting 4.0 jailbreak on my ipod hopefully it wont fuck me over lol . 
NOOOO ! can jailbreak it with 4.0 yet ! time to downgrade . 
Listening to music .... 
...... I'M DONE ! FUCK THIS ! 
Tapout is fun . 
MY NECK HURTS LIKE HELL !!!! 
A < PROPMALE > bit bored ... and sore . text me . 
Ok I just looked up this nice little week in SEALs training ( the 4th week ) ...... HELL WEEK literally ..... 132 hours ( 5.5 days ) with 4 hours of sleep ....... I will attempt it , in due time . 
ok im sleepy G'night 
Bored .... someone text me . Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Predators tonight at midnight YEA ! 
Bored ... anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out til the movie starts ? text me . 
Predators was the shit . 
bored ... cant way for tomorrow night ! Gonna be waaaay funny and too stupid . 
Sooooo . It's official . Lebron < PROPFIRST > has become public enemy #1 in < PROPMALE > lol . 
Grad Party Today ! 
Cant sleep .... 
Going to sleep . Waking up early later . 
Too bored ! Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Ughhh Bored out of my mind . My 360 just wont help anymore ... 
Bored anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out today ? 
Grrrr My PS3 broke and I'm starting to miss it . 
Bored hot need a job .... isnt life GREAT !!! 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out today ? text me . 
Restoring my ipod then i dont know . Two days til my buds grad party ! Shits gonna get crazy ! 
Anyone else feel like they deal with a lot of shit ? 
Party tonight gettin the hell up out of here . 
...... Bored , let down ... I know there's a lot of other people feeling the same . 
Tired , have to get some sleep . 
Alright I guess I should get some sleep . So I'll leave you guys with some words of wisdom\ 
A friend is someone that will come and bail you outta jail , but a best friend is someone that will be sitting right next to you saying that was freakin awesome ! 
Wakin up earlier , what the hell am I gonna do with this extra time ? 
Sleepy .... 
Bored , anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Gonna watch Public Enemies then sleep . Text me . 
Power went out what fun ! 
Ugh ! Went to sleep at like 4-5 AM ! No sleep what so ever ! I feel dead ... 
... not even remotely tired , it's been almost a month of this insomnia .... I'm just gonna drop from exhaustion eventually :P 
I should probably attempt to get some sleep . 
ugh ... 4 hours of sleep again ...... 
Wow ... Well now I know who I can trust . 
Well , problem solved . I just hope I can avoid further .... complications :) 
Bored out of my mind . Insomnia sucks ass . 
Well I should attempt to get some sleep . 
Sooo I was woken up from a nice sleep with business that had to be taken care of , I say \business\ " can burn in hell . " 
Watching The Colony .... it's definitely ... interesting . 
Well The Colony isnt that bad :D 
Just realized it's 3 AM , shouldnt I be somewhat sleepy ? 
Anything happening today ? Just text me . 
Need a ride tomorrow . 
Oh man I got zero hours of sleep . It's bad when you can recall everything that happened over the past 5 hours when your supposed to be asleep . A possible party later today too oh fuck . 
Insomnia better not get in the way of my sleep tonight .... 
STAY AWAY FROM PATRON !!!!! 
Well I had fun , anyone else ? 
God I taste Patron in my mouth BLEGH !!! 
Shit tired enough and these contacts need to come out so shit I'm out . 
Ok I'm actually sleepy . Maybe my insomnia has gone away :P 
UGH ! cant sleep . 
Nice , zero hours of sleep . 
KICKBALL ! LATER TODAY ! 
Woke up sleeping pills are great for insomnia . 
Anyone trying to buy an iPod touch 8g 2nd Gen ? 
Alright gotta see my recruiter in about 6 hours ... should get some sleep . 
Anything happening tonight ? 
Tired -.- 
Ugh well I'm up now what the hell am I gonna do now ? 
Ugh well I'm up now what the hell am I gonna do now ? e 
Bored ARGH !!! 
Going to sleep ... 
Bored ... meh I dislike rain -_- 
Updating my ipod then doing nothing ... again 
I told myself I'd go to sleep we see how well that went ... 
It's 4:45 A.M. Damn I'm glad I have no job because it looks like I'm pulling an all-nighter . 
So my phone has been turned off and I can text with my iPod lol well who's so bored that they can strike a random conversation with anyone right about now ? 
In case anyone has texted me my phone has been turned off for about the past 3-4 days so I havent gotten any yet . I'll pay the < PROPMALE > when I get the money ( Next Thursday maybe ) . 
The Expendables midnight anyone else ? 
The Expendables : 20 minutes of talking , the rest EXPLOSIONS and ASS-KICKING ! 
So far ... from some of the problems people have been having I recommend listening to a song . Dream On , really makes me think . 
I think my time has come . Cya -_- 
Bored . Well at least I gots my iPod :) 
Going to see < PROPFIRST > Vs . The World . 
UGH ! I'm up ... I feel dead time to get ready for the day . 
Downloading some more music then who know's afterwards . Any ideas ? 
Listening to Music , lol everytime I hear Bohemian Rhapsody I think < PROPMALE>'s World . 
Having a friend come over and chill for a bit . 
Tired . Must sleep -_- 
Uhh . Finished signing up . Now I need contacts/references for a FBI background check . Anyone want to volunteer ? 
Yes ! I finally got my phone turned back on ! Anything happening later then ? Text me . 
Need references for a FBI Background check . It's required for the Navy let me know if you'd like to be one . 
Woke up early . Ugh -_- I know I'll fall asleep in the middle of the day . Text me . 
Random conversation ... thumbs up :) 
Taking conversations with people you normally dont talk to till 3AM ... also thumbs up :) Night . 
Shit . I need a ride and 5 much needed dollars anyone feeling generous ? 
Not going to the party . No money or ride . Shit , 
I need a ride if I'm going to this party . 
< PROPFIRST > police are THE SHIT NOUGH SAID ! 
Ugh feel like shit . < PROPFEMALE > headache tired as fuck . Also as a side-note : when a cop gives you a break ( with anything ) most people are rather thankful . Text me . 
Well last night was ... \eventful\ " gotta find something to do for the time being and finish up some paperwork . " 
I figure I should get some sleep now . :P 
ugh . You know what sucks . Living < PROPMALE > away from your friends with no car . 
Bed at 5AM not feeling too great being awake in all . 
Going up to < PROPFIRST > Lanes . It'll be nice to get out . 
Ugh such a fulfilling life . I need to get a mic , then I need to get Reach . Then a whole day ( not night 24 hours ! ) of gaming . FUN ! 
A vision , Division , Revision , Recognate , An action , A reaction , Distraction , Question the fate . \ 
Oh no don't talk about it , No please don't talk about it , Oh no don't talk about it , It goes away . \ 
We made these promises , You made these promises , Erase , Replace , Erase , Replace\ 
We'll make more promises , We'll wait for promises , Erase , Replace , Erase , Replace . 
Thumbs up for insomniacs ! lol 
My lamination of narration\ 
Hit's a snare & bass in a track fucked up rapper interrogation\ 
When I declare invasion , there ain't no time to be stare and gazing\ 
I turn the stage into a barren wasteland ... \ 
I'm Infinite 
Just what I need rain . -_- 
Ignorance is not bliss . That's all thank you . 
Bout to go chill and watch some movies I put on my iPod . 
Restoring my ipod to make some room then sleep . 
and so my iPod finally finishes . goodnight ! 
Is getting really pissed off . I need to get out and chill ... 
Dear god < PROPFIRST > Bieber performing ... Turning this off . 
Tomorrow going to an MMA gym with < PROPFIRST > then going for Reach all night at midnight ! 
Two queers waiting for Reach face pressed against the wall and Drop over $400 for the Legendary ... Sad . 
I found out my little brother wants to punch me in the face because I won't let him play a game I bought what a whiny bitch LMAO ! 
A Thousand Suns album is ALRIGHT . I only like Wretches and Kings and The Catalyst ... 
Boredom strikes again ... I will defeat it once and for all eventually ! 
My recruiter FINALLY managed to get the proper documentation for my knuckle ( it's about damn time ) . Now he needs to get the paperwork I finished then I'm on the waiting list lol . 
join my pack on dogwars ! http://bit.ly/9blWcU 
Pissed when I found out Cudi's concert was sold out ! 
Sooo the month of October will literally murder my wallet and any form of currency inside it ... between Fallout New Vegas and the shitload of movie releases I'm fucked . 
For now it's whatever til I end up deciding on what I'll do later . Message me or IM me my phone's out . 
Anyone trying to go to Halloweekend at Cedar Point ? 
Any suggestions on a name ? I'm being serious so I'd rather not hear anything funny . I'm too pissed off to < PROPMALE > through all the bullshit today . 
Not in the best mood . Actually want to beat someone's ass . I actually need a drink . Pissed off . 
Nothing to do . Tomorrow I'll be saying hello to < PROPFIRST > personally . It's been a while since I've seen him . Should be fun . I'll also be paying my phone < PROPMALE > finally ! 
Later today chillin with Mr. < PROPFEMALE > and a bunch of friends . should be a good time . 
Alright I gotta get some sleep feeling like shit 
To stress over things that most people would consider minuscule is not worth your time . Just move on with life . Understanding is one thing but if you keep dwelling on the things that get you down you can never progress . 
YYZ Live with < PROPMALE > Peart's drum solo ... fucking amazing ! 
Uhh my eyes are dilated and I feel like shit . 
I just got my hair cut ! I haven't had it cut in a good 3 months ! Thank GOD ! 
Is the 8 o'clock just high traffic hour for Facebook ? Damn everyone's online ! 
Ugh ... I hate being 17 . Jobs aren't exactly easy to come by ... At least my paperwork is finished , I just have to get my physical and wait for an opening and I'm out this bitch ! 
Two songs ... Where'd You Go and Right Now . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Shinoda believe it or not is a good Hip-Hop artist . I wish he released more work for Fort Minor . 
Wow i really passed out . I woke up at 4PM ... Damn ! 
A politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed soldier once in 1 year . A politician flies 1st class ; a soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced ; a soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys an expense account ; a soldier must justify extra rations . A politician vows to defend their country ; a soldier actually ... keeps that promise . 
Yea I should get some sleeps ... :P 
I actually woke up before 12 . That's a good sign ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > mmmmm :) 
NYJ for the Win . Vikings aint got shit . Farve is losing it . 
Jets win Horrible Int . throw from Farve sealed it 
I find myself a bit happier than I usually am nice night . 
Cedar Point Halloweekend the 23rd . Anyone else down already got a few people going . 
Feeling like shit right now ... 
My brother is listening to Waka Flocka may god have mercy on his soul . 
I feel like I should get some sleep ... I'm not tired though -__- 
In fact I can't see , or can't imagine\ 
A man who ain't a lover of beats or a fan of scratching This is for my family , the kid who had a cameo on my last jam\ 
Plus the man who never had a plan B\ 
Be all you can be , cause once you make an instant hit\ 
I'm tensed a bit and tempted when I see the sins my friends commit ... I'm Infinite 
Well I had a pretty good morning . I got MEPS this Monday yay ! Then I pick which job I want . It's about time . 
Finally paid my phone < PROPMALE > ! 
I'm not sleeping anytime soon . :P I took a nap and just woke up ... not the best idea lol 
SLEEP ! 
Woke up a bit late -__- Well text me phone is back on . 
Just outta curiosity ... what is sweetest day ? I know for a fact that only like 3 states celebrate it and I never have ( probably because I never lived in a state that has celebrated it ) . I'm just curious as to what started it and who ACTUALLY celebrates it and how ? lol 
Well . I would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > for shedding some like on this shitty hallmark holiday . 
I need to get up early tomorrow . Not gonna enjoy that . 
Had to wake up early great ! 
At the hotel . Buffet !!! 
At the hotel text me ... Vikings vs . Cowboys 
Man why are so many of my friends feeling like shit ? I gotta wake up at 4AM but I'm fine lol 
I can't sleep and I have to wake up in roughly 1 hour . Fucking great ! 
As if 4 A.M. Couldn't come any sooner . Tired as fuck 
And , so I'm finally fucking done with MEPS . I'm shipping out January 4th . Yea that soon . Let's try to make these last 3 months fun . 
I'm gonna go ahead and lay down . I've been up since 4 AM so I'll eventually hit the ground eventually . Why not hit something soft ? Like a bed ? :) 
Bored . Long day good to be home though . Text me phone is back on ! 
So I'm thinking of doing something like a laser tag lock-in before I ship off . Let me know if you wanna go . If you have a better idea let me know . I just don't want to spend my last few days doing nothing before I leave . 
I would like everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and they have lost 9 Marines in four days . They are the TRUE heroes of this great nation . Repost Please . " 
So after over a year . I finally get a SINGLE from the Lasers album . The album's been complete for a year and Atlantic releases one single . Great . I like it but it's waaaay overdue . 
Holy shit ! I woke up early ! I went to sleep at 4 A.M. I am fully prepped to pass out later in the day :) I guess I'll text some people . Hopefully there not working . 
Bored ... iTunes and chatting on Live should remedy that :) 
Bed calling ... Sleep is beginning to sound good right about now . 
I have roughly 32 hours to memorize a paper . Literally ... 
Memorizing a paper with a 32 hour deadline is not doing well for my head . Gonna lay down for a while now . Text me , I guess . 
PT ran my ass into the ground . Fuck 2 mile runs ! 
Guess I'll be running more often . A lot more often ! 
Tired as fuck and I gotta run in the morning so that's my cue . 
Tired . Gotta get some sleep . More PT Sunday After I go for a swim . 
Gonna try to run a mile and a half later today . Swimming and more PT tomorrow . 
Going swimming tomorrow . After that it's PT with some Spec War guys . 
Gonna get some sleep . I got a loooong day ahead of me . 
Everyone is play CoD Black Ops . It will suck ASS in about 1 month . That's a fact . 
So . My brother is a liar ... why I have my suspicions but those are unrelated . He has no logical reason for me to actually believe in his lie and the timeframe on which the lie is based upon is so skewed there's no way I could even begin to believe it . 
So my brother @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Smith whines about me calling him out on some lie . Then he removes me from Facebook . Way to go tough guy . 
Well I'm about to go on a run . 
Argh . Feet sore as shit . Cant run today , need new shoes now ... 
Man on the < PROPFEMALE > II : The Legend of Mr. Rager . One of the last few remaining artist that dont release songs based on material possessions , money , women , etc . rather than his life . Props to Kid Cudi . 
Man on the < PROPFEMALE > II : The Legend of Mr. Rager . Recommendation ? Definitely , but only to those who can understand the lyrics and the message in the album . 
Blasting Kid Cudi and chillin 
Would anyone want to tell when did this question answer shit became so damn popular that everyone is doing it ? 
Sittin at the recruiting office . Putting in a few hours for the month . 
He'll probably mention how he punched me in the face , but he'll forget to mention me choking him out if he doesnt even acknowledge it , but I'm sure you can guess the number of fucks and/or shits I give about what the guy says anymore . 
My brother listens to crap rap at it's worst . The music he \blasts\ " might as well advocate the ignorance of your average black American . Damn . " 
Need to get some more upper body strength . I got the cardio and lower body locked . If I get this shit straight I'm getting a new contract . Fuck yea ! 
As nerdy as it sounds . I'll be waking up to see the Leonid Meteor Shower at < PROPFEMALE > . :P 
Gettin a little bit of sleep before the shower . Night . 
So < PROPMALE > just told me he couldve made more money with a contract for the Navy instead of the Marines . lol I made a nice choice then . 
Watch like 4 episodes of South Park fun . 
There once was a boy that grew up on the west side of Chicago \ 
Liked his hat to the left side\ 
Wasn't in a gang but he was prone to bang doing his thang ' doin ' his thang'\ 
Mean and Vicious\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Fiasco :) 
Well there was a \situation\ " that blew over pretty fast . I guess I can thank < PROPFIRST > for reminding me of what I represent . " 
Bored as shit . Cant wait for my ship date . 
You can even talk to everybody that I live with Maybe you could tell me why everybody’s so distant Is it me or maybe , when I look around daily I don’t even know the people I can put my trust in lately People that I used to < PROPFEMALE > with now their actin’ to different . 
Bengals are going to be thoroughly disemboweled , then the Patriots are gonna watch as they witness what will happen yet again at the AFC Championship if they survive the beating they'll get . 
Home alone til further notice . 
Tonight WE FEAST ! 
Getting sleep after destroying three plates . 
My plan tonight ? \ 
The Walking Dead at 10 gaming til I fall asleep . 
Walking Dead 
Ugh Sleep . Recruiter's Office in the AM then more sleep . 
Beat AC Brotherhood . To say the least , I HATE FUCKING CLIFFHANGERS ! 
I just checked my mail . I got a random letter from the Senator of MI about a letter I sent about a proposed ban on violent video games . Apparently my voice did mean something . :) 
Just realized I have 4 days to find someone to go with me to my DEP meeting . Anyone ? 
God < PROPMALE > Peart's Solo in YYZ is a fucking BEAST . 
Gotta leave early . fun :| 
I'm at DEPs til sixish . Great . 
Back from DEP . PT was cool . I actually managed to keep up even with pushups ( for the most part ) . 
Alright . What the fuck is with people magically turning into a pokemon ? 
Alright I understand this pokemon thing ( thank you < PROPFEMALE > ) . I just want to say to anyone who is going to pick a pokemon if you choose a legendary YOU HAVE NO CREATIVITY ! 
Alright . I'll bite . Only because I'm repping the original 150 though . I give you #059 ! 
I decided to try and sit through the A Thousand Suns album and found out that the album isnt that bad if you can actually understand the theme . The Wisdom Justice , and Love intro into Iridescent does that song some good despite how much I dont like it . It's decent . 
I've been putting a shitload of comics on my iPod . Something for me to read . Listen to me ... I'll be sure to stop this shit before I ship out . Til then X-Men here I come lol . 
I just woke up wow today's gonna be one lazy ass day for me . 
Well if I decide SEALs is not for me for whatever reason then SWCC is . 
Well the cartoon character thing is true so yea . 
I guess I'm crashing at Maki's 
Ugh I fell asleep . Now I'm starving . I'm going to destroy the fridge in a conquest for food . 
What the hell is this number thing ? 
Alright . Before I ship off I'm gonna have a private lock-in at Zap Zone . It's gonna be the 23rd . Inbox me to let me know your going . I'll let you know how much it is . The more people the less it'll cost . 
I guess I'll get some sleep ... Finally got the Iron Man 2 DVD 4 fucking gigs . I'll watch it in the morn when I wake up . 
Got a \surprise\ " meeting with my recruiter . No clue what it's for but I gotta be there at 8:30 tomorrow . I'm not too enthused to be waking up that early . " 
I checked how much a private lock-in would cost . It's $30 per person . 
Alright . I'm gonna be nice and do it this one time . 
22 . Your a friend who has no problem having fun . It really doesnt matter who's there . You have a way with keeping those around you happy ( in my eyes ) . You'll be one of those people I can trust when I leave and when I come back . 
007 . I'm not too surprised you'd chose this number . In reality I dont < PROPFEMALE > with you much but I know why now ( grounded ) . Your a cool guy who says what he wants . I have witnessed this . Your really dont seem to give a flying fuck what they say . 
421 . Your really one of the first friends I really had . I consider you a brother and you know that . We need to < PROPFEMALE > . I better see you the 23rd when I have that lock-in . 
6060 . Your family . That should be enough but noooo . I really did not want to move out of New York but I'm sure you know that . It's been a long time since weve seen each other but I'll be sure to visit when I get some leave from the Navy . 
See how easily I got sucked up into this . 
99 . The last time I remember seeing you waas at the Military ball . Perhaps a few more times in school . You were always outspoken . I'd like to actually < PROPFEMALE > out sometime before I leave . 
66 . I've seen you around Kennedy from time to time but never really met you . You seem really cool and you and < PROPFEMALE > are practically sisters . It wouldve been cool to get to know you better . 
30 Day Notice . I leave in 30 days . Where did the time go ? 
Gonna go up to the school tomorrow and visit some teachers . 
Sometimes I wonder how the hell I can just stay on facebook for hours . 
I'll be up til 4 AM So much for visiting Kennedy . 
So much for visiting the school . Having to stay up til 5:00 isnt to great when you have to wake up 30 minutes later . FUCK THAT . 
I think it'd be in my best interest to get some sleep . 
Bored may go lay down . 
NEVER AGAIN !!! 
I need to start waking up earlier than this . 
Music is my vice . I now realize I have to go to basic without it ... Great . 
Need to start waking up earlier than 1:30 ... 
Finding something to do besides raid a fridge is becoming a menacing task all in it's own . 
6 days til the lock-in . \ 
10 days til I'm finally 18\ 
17 days til I'm gone . \ 
How exciting 
I now realize that when I type or IM I do everything in my power to make it as grammatically correct ( punctuations included ) as possible or else I wont post it . If I don't I just reword it . 
Nothing going on today . It's one of those relaxing days I guess . 
Did a count on how many people are in for the lock-in . 23 . Not including people who are bringing others like < PROPFIRST > . need about 7 more . 
Oh how I love to be underestimated . 
Sometimes I wonder what the hell there is for me to do at 3:30 AM on facebook ... 
lol well After March when I ship it wont be all boring . Apparently some friends want to go to Florida for a bit . 
... sleep ..... 
Just woke up . YAY 
FML Lock-In is scrapped . 
I should probably get some sleeps . 
Today's gonna be on of those stay at home days . 
Being home all day sucks . Did I mention that ? 
FINALLY GOT MY HAIR CUT ! 
Alright I'm gonna get some sleep . 
Just a bit more sleep ! 
Well . I'm up . No thanks to my brother who screams \GET THE HELL UP\ " . Guess I'll listen to music . Revenge of the Nerds mixtape here I come . " 
I realize I have this < PROPFEMALE > little scar on my eyebrow and now everytime i look in the mirror I'm gonna wonder where I got it lol . 
Hands Held High . AWESOME SONG ! 
Talked with my gf . Love you < PROPFIRST > . Gonna get something to drink then off to bed . 
Sleep ... NOW ! 
So much for sleep . 
I don't smoke but god I love Khalifa's Kush and OJ mixtape . 
Dear Brain , \ 
GO TO FUCKING SLEEP !!! 
Thank you for fucking me over and saying \no Alton\ " your not sleeping not tonight ! \ 
HAHA ! < PROPFIRST>'s hair is done lmao ! He's complaining about pain already 
WoW for a bit ... The sad part is I can feel my soul slowly leaving my body . Before long I'll be an empty shell lmao . 
I hate daylight savings time . I think it's like 9-10 PM then I check my clock and go WTF ! 
PIZZA NEEDS TO GET HERE FAST ! 
Pizza here Finally omnomnomnom ! 
Devoured 4 slices in about 10 minutes ! 
As much as I hate Kanye he knows how to make a sweet album 
Sleep . Talk to my babe tonight . Love ya < PROPFIRST > . Night . 
Sleep I guess . Hope everyone's Christmas is special . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . Hope is more than mine . Which is very average . My best gift ? Talking to my girl . Love you baby . 
I'm gonna enjoy waking up to these happy birthdays :) 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes :D 
Madden 11 then sleep ... probably 
I should be asleep . This is what Madden does to me . I havent played in so long 
Well it's the 31st . Tomorrow is New Years and the 3rd is my last day in Michigan for about 3 months . 
I just woke up . Pretty lazy I know . 
I'm too lazy to cook and I'm way too lazy to walk 5 minutes to have people cook for me ... Sad . 
Well I'm off to the hotel . Text me . God knows theres gonna be nothing to do there . 
Cant sleep and now I'll be up for roughly 24 hours . Fucking great ! 
Well I guess I can tell everyone who has my number saved to just delete it after today . 
And now I play the waiting game . 
Finally getting on the plan . Then I wait 5 more hours . Anyone going into the military be prepared to wait ! 
Finally in the air . Phone off . 
I'm in Chicago ! About damn time . I'll be back in March . 
FACEBOOK !!! 
Its been so long since I've seen a computer ! 
How's everyone doing in the wonderful world of facebook ? 
I need a PHONE ! 
Finnaly bought a phone ! 
Inspection today ... Great just great . 
Ugh muster then sleep 
I need a laptop or a 360 either would suffice 
Ugh ... Duty . NOOO ! 
I miss Xbox LIVE ! 
3 Months here ... Then I hit Michigan again . St. Patricks was wild as shit . Too many drunk Marines and Sailors . I hate Phase 1 and being 18 . 
Last day on the weekend . Then EMI tommorrow , at least I miss muster because of it . 
Might hit the beach later today . 
I've been waiting in the sun for an hour now ... Great ! 
Lunch Break ! 
Played football ... Our team got literally DESTROYED . Way to go Captain who can pick a QB ... 
I'm finally off !!! Now I have nothing to do ... 
YES ! This Friday is the 1st ( Payday ) I'm hitting the beach 
... good night PT in the morning 
I guess I can consider this a good day . I'm not gonna be here for inspection so I dont stand around for an hour . Nice 
FUCK YES not mustering outside during a thunder(lightning included ) storm !!! 
Ha ! Got my ass out of barrack support 
Starcraft II til < PROPFEMALE > 
Well my Friday has been officially fucking RUINED ! 
Since my whole weekend is fucked . I guess I'll do a shitload of volunteer work to get this aggravation off my mind . 
No reals plans today . If you wanna do something my friends in NATTC chances are I'll be in my room . 
Bored . I have freedom and nothing to do with it right now ... Text me . 
Well my day has gone much better than I expected . A vending machine decided to triple my order and gave me 3 bottles instead of one ! AWESOME !!! 
Chill . Gonna find my neighbors or break their damn alarm clock pretty soon . 
Bout to head out and find something to do hopefully . Maybe beach . 
I cant wait til I come back to Michigan ... 
Guess what this guy is doing tomorrow since he hasnt started school yet !... BARRACK SUPPORT !!! -_- 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
LUNCH BREAK ! 
Gettin some sleep . Bout to go out the weekend . 
Why has a perfectly good Saturday been ruined ? Because I have to go and watch drill from NROTC !!! Meh 0700-1900 FML . 
Need sleep ... 
Gonna listen to Dark Side of the < PROPFEMALE > ... Then Rolling Papers ... Then ... Umm The Rising Tied ?, I guess . 
Feeling particularly like shit . Gonna get some sleep hopefully it helps . 
Inspection !!! 
STEAM CAN SUCK ASS !!! 
SUPREME COMMANDER ! 
No clue what's going on today got some more clothes ! 
Getting some sleep now . 
Back to Class ... fuck . Mortal Kombat tomorrow . 
Curse Spring Break ! Girls out in town and my ass is gonna be on base this weekend . Anyone want to Swap Duty for the weekend ? 
Inspection over on < PROPFEMALE > fuck YES ! 
Guess who has duty this weekend ... THIS GUY ! 
I love how being black means that when I white person says \not trying to be racist\ " there's a 9/10 < PROPMALE > of that guy saying nigga or some variation of the word . " 
like my status and i will tell u : 1 . how we met 2 . my first impression of u 3 . what i like about u 4 . favorite memory of u 5 . but if u like this u must put it as ur status 
Finishing up homework ... 
Trying to see when I can get out of here ASAP ! The weekend is mine bitch ! 
Just ate . I feel complete . 
I love how people are worried about a retaliation like THEIR the target if they do retaliate ... No bitch your not active service members we should be a bit more worried than you . 
On another note i wouldnt suggest celebrating his death like it's a damn national holiday . That stuff tends to anger affiliated parties i.e. < PROPMALE > Qaeda . 
Sleep . For I have PT in the morn . 
PT was good . My legs are dead ... just like they should be . 
AHHH ! Guess who's ass is outta PT this fine morning ! 
I'm finally off for the weekend . Hell the fuck YES ! 
