is now officially 25 ! Finally , I get to pay less on my car insurance now !! 

would like to thank EVERYONE for all the Birthday Wishes ! I love you all !! However , Countdown continues until I move into my Apartment ! < PROPFIRST > 6th is the DATE ! 
is exhausted from working all weekend !! 
WOULD LIKE EVERYONE TO READ THE FOLLOWING MESSAGE AND SUPPORT HIS FRIEND KIMMY and HER MOST ADORABLE DAUGHTER ! ATTENTION : Good Morning Facebook ! I want you all to check out my daughter ( Shyenne ) on www.gap.com/castingcall . She is a finalist in the babyGAP castingcall . We need to make her the next face of babyGAP . Please go check her out , Register and vote at least once a day ! Thank you all for the support ! ?... 
is counting down the days until moving into the new apartment ! 
hopes for a quiet day at work .. For crying out loud ... It's Christmas ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! 
is suppose to remember that HE has a lunch appointment with < PROPFEMALE > Sorensen on Monday ! 
isn't feeling so good ... I think I'm SICK ! That extremely cold weather and lack of warm clothing did me in ... 
is counting down the hours until my Birthday ! 
finally got the Apartment that I wanted ! Now it's time to countdown the hours until my birthday and the days until my move ! 
Another year older ... not sure about being wiser though ... =) 
feels even worse ... I hate being sick !! 
hopes that even though I'm sick .. I will get through the next 3 days of work in 1 piece ... God willing .. 
has BRONCHITIS ! GREAT ! 
is feeling better ... Had to miss 3 days of work though ... DOWN WITH BRONCHITIS !!! 
wishes everyone a good night . O'dark hundred , HERE WE COME ! 
is finally moving !! 
hopes all the furnitures gets here soon ... 
prays to God for a quiet day @ work tomorrow during SuperBowl Sunday ... 
apparently got sunburned yet once again for being in the Sun all weekend ... 
is looking to raise $5k for tuition for school ... Any suggestions ?? 
forgot to mention 1 important detail ... I need to raise $5k for tuition for school in 3 weeks or less ... Any other suggestions ?? 
is tired ... plus trying to figure out what to do ... 
apparently has hereditary high cholestrol and something else that has to do with sugar fats ... good bye to white rice ... white pasta ... and sodas ... 
TGIF !!!!! 
can't wait to hear what his Doctor has to say ... YIKESS ! 
wishes all a good night 
has Court at Downtown Miami ... Not looking forward to being stuck in Traffic ... 
is glad that Court went well ... 
is home relaxing after a long work day 
was looking forward to a relaxing weekend until he remembered that he has to work a detail on Saturday and Sunday ... 24hrs of OT !! Thank God for having Monday off ... 
is beyond exhausted ... Time to catch some sleep ... 
is almost done for the day !! 
is sleepy AND hungry ... 
is now just plain ole sleepy ... 
wants to know what you had for Breakfast this morning . Why , you ask ? Plain boredom can lead to unexplainable desires of wanting to have knowledge of what people ate for breakfast . 
would like to congratulate Mr. and Mrs. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on their MARRIAGE ! 
is going to go relax after a long day of work and spend time with the sibs .. 
has a plan .... 
TGIFS !! ( Thank God It's Friday SOON !! ) 
TGIF ! 
Did Jesus die on the cross so we can have chocolate eggs ? No Jesus died for our eternal salvation ! ( copy and paste to your status to share ) 
No pain , no palm ; no thorns , no throne ; no gall , no < PROPFEMALE > ; no cross , no crown . - < PROPFIRST > Penn - 
was just reminded that he used to be called \MR . SEXY . SIR ! \ " by a group of \ " Unique individuals\ " LOL " 
\Always Vigilant \"" 
is in the mood for Chipotle ... 
TGIF !! 
is in the mood for some Taco < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is waiting ... 
is on the way to see the Grim Reaper aka . Dentist ... 
YIKES !! Root Canal is needed ... Not good ... Not good at all ... 
is in a lot of pain ... 
dislikes pain ... 
I don’t suffer from insanity , I enjoy every minute of it . 
Failure is not falling down , it is not getting up again . 
According to my calculations the problem doesn’t exist . 
To err is human , to arr is pirate . 
is definitely in the mood for Chipotle ... 
As long as there are tests , there will be prayer in public schools . 
Attitude determines your altitude . 
If you think nobody cares if you're alive , try missing a couple of car payments . 
If you find a path with no obstacles , it probably leads nowhere . 
Viewer discretion may be advised , but it’s never really expected . 
thinks that we often take the time that we spent with those who are important to us for granted ... Why is it that we reach such conclusion only when tragedy happens and we feared for the worst ? Please people ... Treasure each moment you spend with those that matters to you ! 
\Patience is the key to joy \"" 
The moment is here ... Root Canal ... Yikes !!! 
is crossing his fingers for the FIT test on Thursday ... 
is exhausted ... 
is up waayy too early for the SLS ... Grr .. 
is now NJ bound ... 
gas is only $2.55 in South < PROPFEMALE > !! Wut the heck !!!! 
is finally in NJ ... WOW ... definitely feels like the boondocks ... I thought its suppose to be more urbanized ... 
how can you tell your not in normal Civilization anymore ?? When the clerk @ Wal-Mart tells you that the town you are in is finally going to get it's first SUPER WAL-MART EVER ! Damn ... 
is ready to go back to Miami where real civilization lives ... 
if someone tells you New Jersey is awesome , ask them if they are smoking crack ... Oh and ask them where they got the crack from .. 
wishes all a GOOD MORNING !! 
is in the mood for a nap ... 
It's kinda sad when the Boondocks of New Jersey has a huge Sonic and the closest one to us South Floridians is in Boynton Beach ... 
is at the airport waiting for the flight ... I'm ready to go home !! 
is now back in Civilization !!! 
has been @ work since 0600hrs ... 
doesn't feel like going to Court today ... WHY ??? 
is looking forward to this work day being over ... 
wishes he was still in bed catching up on zZz ... 
TGIF !! Still wishes I was in bed catching up on zZz ... 
Living it up @ Hard Rock !! If u aint here , u aint where u suppose to be !!! 
it's time for TRADITION !! Getting together with the Crew in an hour ... PEACE ! 
had an awesome lunch ! 
is sleepy ... 
has court at 0900hrs ... Kill me now ... 
is in the mood for Japanese food ... Lunch ... 
well ended up with having Mexican food instead ... WOOT !! 
is counting down the minutes til ' the weekend starts !!! 
is still wanting Japenese food ... Starving ... 
enjoying my days off ... 
\Others before self \"" 
work work work work work ... 
TGIF ! Countdown begins ! 
Others before Self . 
There comes a time in life when you have to accept and move on , hope and never look back , smile and forget the pain and most importantly , love and let go . 
has court yet once again @ 0900hrs ... 
Stop searching . Happiness is right next to you . 
You are only truly in control of your life when you accept you are not . 
ATTENTION BASEBALL FANS !! I have 3 tickets to the Florida < PROPFIRST>'s vs . Washington Nationals game for tomorrow night ( SATURDAY ) . According to sources , Tito el Bambino will be having a concert after the game . Anyone interested , please let me know ASAP !! 
is finally going to catch up on sleep .. Working for 18 hours straight is no joke ... Especially when all I got was 3 hours of sleep the night prior and have been awake since 0530hrs ... 
it's time to get my groove on !! 
is living it up MIA style ! 
Every man has his price . Mine is $19.95 . 
Have I told you lately that I love you ? If not , then it most likely means that I DON\T !! " 
\I am willing to make the mistakes if someone else is willing to learn from them . '" 
\Smile is contagious ; just smile at someone and see their reaction . '" 
\Friendship is not about who came first or who cares the most . It is all about who came in your life and never left . \"" 
\Wanted : Meaningful overnight relationship . \"" 
\Consciousness : That annoying time between naps . \"" 
When the power of love overcomes the love of power , then the world will know peace . ( Jimi Hendrix ) 
\We do not remember days ; we remember moments . \ " Cesare Pavese " 
Thank God it's Friday !!! 
I don't know what hurts more ... The punctured wound or the Tetanus shot !! 
is feeling sleepy along with some discomfort .... 
Happy Friday !! 
Today has turned out to be a crappy day so far ... 
Sunburned beyond belief !!! 
is pissed !! I left a lunch box that had Grilled Salmon and veggies in the fridge in the break room @ work , and someone opened the box and ATE the SALMON !!! WTF !! 
is making Wontons and Dumplings with the Parents ... 
just had some homemade Wontons and Dumplings for dinner ... Man that was awesome !! 
IF YOU LIVE OR WORK NEAR PEMBROKE PINES AREA , PLEASE COME OUT TO MENCHIES ON MONDAY AND TUESDAY FROM 11AM TO 11PM AND SUPPORT THE \954 BOMBERS\ " SOFTBALL TEAM !! YOUR SUPPORT IS GREATLY APPRECIATED !! " 
GOOD MORNING FACEBOOK ...... PLEASE COME OUT AND SUPPORT THE 954 BOMBERS AT MENCHIES ( HIATUS RD AND PINES BLVD , PEMBROKE SQUARE ) TODAY AND TOMORROW ( 10/26 ) FROM 11AM-11PM ! EVERYONE LOVES FROZEN YOGURT ! 
DAY 2 OF THE FUNDRAISER --------- GOOD MORNING FACEBOOK ...... PLEASE COME OUT AND SUPPORT THE 954 BOMBERS AT MENCHIES ( HIATUS RD AND PINES BLVD , PEMBROKE SQUARE ) FROM 11AM-11PM ! EVERYONE LOVES FROZEN YOGURT ! 
had an awesome time with awesome friends at HHN ! Back at work but man ... Thank God it's Friday !! 
hopes for a easy quiet night at Sunlife Stadium tonight ... It's Detail time !!! 
Is relaxing after a night filled with work ... 
have to go back to work in a few hours ... No !!! 
Thank God it's time to go home ... 
VOTE for baby Soleil for the baby GERBER next GENERATION !! 
Is loving this cold weather ! 
wanted to sleep in today in the cold weather ... 
is back at work ... Has no clue where the departmental issued windbreaker went !! Oh well ... I will be playing my other persona today I guess ... Armondo Manning of the Records Unit ... all for the purpose of being able to wear someone else's jacket LOL 
is hungry ... When am I ever NOT ? 
is at Jaxson's with great friends !! 
is psyched for the second softball game of the season tonight !! Come see my team play @ < PROPFIRST > Piccolo park at 6:30 pm !!! Go 954 Bombers !! 
feels tired ... 
work work work ... typical Wednesday ... 
Game 3 of softball tonight !! 954 Bombers will be playing at < PROPFIRST > Piccolo Park , Field 5 at 7:30 pm ! Let's kick some ass !! 
If you ain't doing anything tonight , come bowling with my friends and I at Sparez in Davie !!! Be there at 10pm !!! 
is chilling with friends at Sparez ! 
is bored ... Any suggestions for activities on a Sunday ?? 
heading to the movies ... 
Happy Thanksgiving to all and Happy Turkey Hunting day !! Because you ain't gonna find one !! Not even at Wal-mart ! Please whatever you do , don't scare the people at Publix by shooting a turkey in the frozen section if you do find one ... That is all ! 
is relaxing 
is psyched for Chinese Take-out night with Homemade Wonton Soup at the crib tonight with friends !!! 
had an awesome night of Chinese Take-out accompanied by awesome Homemade Wonton Soup and great friends !! =) Thanks to all that came !! 
work work work 
Let's go 954 Bombers !!! 
Let's go 954 Bombers !!! Let's kick some ass tonight !! 
is having a relaxing weekend ... 
at the movies with great friends !! 
so what if it's freezing cold ? At least we don't have to drive in the snow or shovel snow out of the driveway . Welcome to South Florida in Winter ! 
Rest In Peace , Deputy < PROPFIRST > Coates of the Orange County Sheriff's Office , End of Watch , December 08 , 2010 . 
at court hearings for the Red Lights ... Here we go ! 
Results from the Court Hearings : You win some and You lose some ! 
is at < PROPMALE>'s with awesome Softball teammates that happens to be great friends !! For the rest of you , ya'll are missing out !! 
is enjoying his day off 
short work week ... Thank God !! 
Goodnight all ... Work week starts in a few hours ... 
is starving ... 
counting down the hours until the weekend starts ! 
Thanks to Michi and Lizzy < PROPFEMALE > , I just did the Chicken dance while driving on the way back to work !! 
can't wait to get this freaking test over today ... 1pm here we come !! 
One hour to go until the test ... Wish me luck ! 
just found out I'm not a liar ! All at the expense of $100 ... Now onto the fun part .. Paying to get raped by old fugly nurses and Doctors ... I feel a cough coming on now ... 
is going to relaxing this weekend and hoping for the best on Monday ! 
did the best I could on the test , now I have to just wait for the results ! 
is wanting a drink ... 
wonder if today's rain which led to the cancellation of the MLK festival in < PROPFIRST > City is a blessing in disguise ... Hey ... it kept a lot of people home ... 
doing laundry and then it's off to bed . Court Hearings again in the morning ! 
In about 36 hours , my life will not be the same ... This year is going to be my year ! 
Just when I thought the madness of senseless killings of Police Officers were over ... I hear about yet another tragic loss of Sgt . < PROPMALE > Baitinger & Ofc . < PROPFIRST > Yaslowitz of the St. Petersburg Police Department . It's been a sad and emotional week for all of us in the Law Enforcement family . To all of my fellow co-workers and friends in the Law Enforcement family , please be safe , always ! 
survived the 1st day ... Only 9 more months left .... 
Today wasn't too bad ... Hopefully it's smooth sailing tomorrow night also ... Not really looking forward to Saturday ... or moving this weekend ... 
Sgt . < PROPMALE > Baitinger & Ofc . < PROPFIRST > Yaslowitz of the St. Petersburg Police Department , May you Rest in Peace and Thank you for your Ultimate Sacrifice . We'll take it from here . \ 
\ 
Please keep the family of these fallen heroes in your daily prayers . 
survived the 1st week !! ONLY 40 weeks to go ! 
week 2 is in progress ... A little bit of PT tonight ... so far so good ... 
took the day off to run errands and prep for the move ... PT tonight !! 
in a few hours I will no longer be living in an English speaking part of the U.S. Country of Hialeah , here I come ! 
so I have to find a good home for my 2 kittens Cheerio & < PROPMALE > . Cheerio is 6 months old , and < PROPMALE > is 4 month's old , and their shots are all up to date ! If anyone has any suggestions or anyone would like to help a friend out , please let me know ! 
woke up feeling like crap ... Hope I can survive the day , especially tonight ... 
has been sick for over a week ... I hope I survive this week's PTs , Multi-mile runs , and DT ... 
is glad that we don't have school tonight ... I could definitely catch up on some sleep ... 
had an afternoon PT session at school ... Now it's time to relax and study . Hoorah !! 
What a tragedy ... Officer < PROPFIRST > Crawford , a 25-year-veteran of the St. Petersburg Police Department was shot and killed in the line of duty only a few weeks after St. Petersburg PD lost two of their own ... My thoughts and prayers goes to the family of Officer Crawford ... Rest in Peace Good Sir , We got the watch from here on ... 
had an awesome DT session tonight with BLE 277 ! Hoorah !! 
is at work ... trying to study a little bit today for the LEGAL test coming up in a few days ... HOORAH !! 
ready to relax for the night ... Class tomorrow with BLE 277 ! Hoorah !! 
had an awesome PT session today ! Took a 15 minute nap , ate a delicious meal at Chipotle , it's time to study !! 
will be taking the Legal exam with BLE 277 tonight ... Anxious to get it over with ... I studied all weekend with my classmates , hopefully it pays off ... HOORAH ! 
is very thankful that I passed my Legal Test and actually got only 1 wrong !! DT Tonight with BLE 277 !! HOORAH !! 
had an awesome DT session last night with BLE 277 ! Thank God it's a half day at work today and then it's some much needed time to relax until class tomorrow ! HOORAH !! 
is suspecting that i'm having an allergic reaction right now ... Woke up with a Swollen middle finger on the right hand and it's throbbing ... 
Thank God It's Friday ! I might actually get to relax for a few hours today after work ... Another full day of BLE 277 ahead tomorrow ! 
survived another full day of class with an extreme DT session . Can't wait for more !! Hoorah !! 
chilling with friends in Ft . Lauderdale .. 
was in Court all day long ! Time for some PT and class with BLE 277 !! Hoorah !! 
working as usual since O'dark hundred hours ... First Responder practical test tonight with BLE 277 ... Wish me luck ! Say a prayer ! Do Something !! 
have to study later tonight for the First Responder Written exam tomorrow morning . Thank God It's Friday !! 
passed the First Responder Written Test with a score of 97% ! Hoorah !! 
Thank God It's Friday ! 
is not looking forward to a 3pm court session today ... PT with BLE 277 Tonight ! 
is exhausted ... I wish I was home sleeping ! Another PT session with BLE 277 Tonight ! 
is exhausted beyond belief ! Thank God it's Friday ! 
had an awesome 4.8 mile ( Hialeah ) run with BLE 277 ! Hoorah !! I'm glad the weekend is here .. I can finally sleep ! 
is ready for this week to end already ! 
family night with BLE 277 !! Hoorah !! 
had an awesome day at Miami Zoo ! 
going on a run in a few minutes at South Beach ! Anyone care to join ? 
working at home while watching TV ... Awesome !! 
Thank God it's Friday ! 
is a little tired from the 4 mile run and the 200 jumping jacks this morning .. Oh I almost forgot about the 700 push ups that my class and I did ... 1600 left to go from the push up bank ! Hoorah ! 
I'm never leaving my phone on the table anywhere near my stupid classmates from the Academy ... 
for those of you that may still be confused or shocked ... I love Women too much to be gay ... However , I can't speak for my idiotic classmates that wrote that on my facebook status ... 
feels like crap ... I hate being sick ! 
has court all day starting at 0800hrs .... This totally sux !! Especially when I'm sick ... I feel like I'm dying ... 
is resting for a few minutes and then it's off to class ! 
Hey everyone , my friend's daughter < PROPFEMALE > has been missing since Monday morning . We are looking for a dark blue jeep cherokee , 2006 with a dent on the passenger door . Tag number W660EB This car has NOT been found . If you spot the car , please call 911 and report , or please call me at 954-317-6139 . < PROPFEMALE>'s mother can also be reached at 786-380-2724 day or night . Please pass this around ! 
still feels sick ... Hopefully I'll get to see the Doctor in the morning ... 
Happy Easter to all ! 
What is Courtesy ... 
needs a vacation ... 
Time for another 4 hours of DT ! Here we go ! 
wish I was in bed ... Instead ... I'm up still after a long day of work and school and what am I doing ? I'm working ! Court again in the morning ... Shoot me ... 
Finally ! I get to go to bed now for 4 hrs ... 
my wrist and shoulder are killing me !! 
time for bed ... G'nite all ! 
Had to say goodbye to my blackberry today ... 
I am done being the nice and caring guy that everyone goes to . I always get screwed over and I'm fed up ! 
I passed my first DT practical test ! Hoorah ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mother's out there ! 
it's time to relax .... 
Here we go ... Another week filled with court cases out the rear ... and Beach week with BLE 277 ! Hoorah ! Time for bed for now .. 
is not feeling well at all ... 
had a great week with BLE 277 . We started as a team , and finished as a team . Hoorah ! Time to relax . 
is up again after a long day of work and school for what ?? More work ... 
can't sleep ... Why the hell did I sleep all day yesterday ?? 
Qualifications tomorrow afternoon ... I hope I can pass in the first round !! 
is very happy that I passed my first part of qualifications tonight ! Time to get some rest and back to work in the AM ! 
what a week ! Time to relax ... 
\I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself . A small bird will drop frozen dead from a bough without ever having felt sorry for itself . ” " 
It's been a long week ! Time for some rest and get ready to spend the day tomorrow with BLE 277 ! Rapid Deployment time !! 
Happy Father's Day first to my dad , and to all the dad's out there whether you are man enough to claim your own child or not .. 
short weekend to rest but it'll be good none the less .. 
time to see the Doc ... hopefully lunch with Mi < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > then it's onto the range with BLE 277 ! 
is happy that I was able to qualify today at the range with no problem .. 
It's almost that time ! Chemical Spray Day ! 
Survived Chemical Spray !! It feels like a really bad Sunburn to the face and head .. Hoorah !! 
Time for the Stress Test ! I feel like the Hulk with Radiation just injected in me .. well minus the green colored skin ... 
is tired ... Stress test went well .. Now we play the waiting game to see what the Doctor says ... 
had a busy day ! Time to go get some rest ... 
Does anyone still use Nextel or Boost Mobile Direct Connect ?? 
Finally !! Time to rest !! 
is awake and bored ... 
Happy 16th Anniversary to myself and my parents !! I can't believe 16 years ago today , I planted my feet onto the grounds of the Los < PROPFEMALE > International Airport to start the Adventure of a lifetime ! time to run some errands , go visit a friend , and then it's onto Celebrating < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fanelli's Bday tonight !! Hoorah !! 
31 lost , 31 unwanted visits , 31 doors receive that dreaded knock , 31 families with shattered hearts , 31 pairs of boots lined up with rifles and dog tags and helmets , 31 comrades remembered and grieved for , 31 funeral services , 31 names on newly made grave markers , 31 empty places at the table , 31 souls who gave all , whose lives leave a void , so let's take 31 seconds to re-post this and pause to reflect on such a sacrifice as 31 gone forever .. 
It's almost time for my final DT practical test ... Wish me luck ! 
Phew !! I passed !! 
time to hit the book ! Just because someone made me do it ... 
had an awesome run in the morning and class with the 277 family ! Now let the weekend begin !! 
For the husband who told his wife I love you one last time before his plane went down in a field , For the wife who stopped in the stairs to call her husband to say I will love you forever , For the ? mothers and fathers who kissed their kids goodbye the morning they died , For the policemen who rushed in with the firemen to help get others out only to die themselves , For the soldiers who fought back and lost their lives . Today , tomorrow , ten years from now , we will remember !! 9-11-11 
A little girl wanted to know what the united states looked like . Her dad tore a map of the USA from a magazine and then cut it in into small pieces . He told her to go to her room and see if she can put it together . After some minutes she returned and handed the map correctly fitted and taped together . The dad was surprised and asked how she had finished so quickly . She said on the other side was a picture of Jesus and when I put him back then our country just came together . That's what it takes . 
is glad the weekend is finally starting ! Time to relax and then it's time to hit the books ... 
Thank the Lord I passed my test tonight ! Time to get some rest ! 
Thank the Lord I got a 97% on my test today ! Hoorah ! 
Exactly 1 month to go until graduation ! Let the countdown begin !! 
studying for the DUI Test ... Countdown to Graduation continues ! 
Just finished taking the DUI written test ... Time to wait and see how I did ... 
The result came back ... 91% on the DUI test ! 
I'm so ready for this rainy season to be over .... 
