is continuing the new year's resolution he made his freshman year of high school : never having another new year's resolution . So far so good . 

finally found a way back on to facebook . Exciting news , y'all! I gots a girlfuh-riend !! 
More and More these past two months , I've realized that I should be thanking the inconsiderate bastards who made fun of me all these years ( You know who you are if you can read this ) , because in the long run the way they treated me led me to where I am 
Uuurgh . I'm really starting to hate not having a job . 
I've made 44.50 at a rummage sale today .... I feel bad that that's the most money I've had in like .. months .. 
I miss Heather ... Sad Face ... 
If you've never seen it , you should check out Retared Policeman on youtube . XD 
hates the feeling you get when the only person you want beside you is nowhere near .. 
I wish this day would move faster . These past few hours have been dragging on for what feels like days , all in order to make me wait for my happiness . 
Just waiting for that blissful moment when I can see your smiling face again . 
is finding it sad that he logs onto facebook every day to find his suggestion box filled with like 50 people , and hates damn near every one of them . Especially the ones he doesn't know . 
These next few weeks are gonna suck . < PROPFEMALE>'s gone back to school , pretty much all my friends are out of reach , and I still can't get a friggin ' job in his town .. 
I got hooked on Heroscape a couple weeks ago .. I'm such a nerd . ;-; 
Disclaimer : The following comment in no way represents my feelings towards women . Just a random thought I had earlier . Saying that all women are crazy is making a broad generalization . 
I need one person with a car and a bunch of people near parsons who aren't afraid to get kicked out of walmart to volunteer . I wanna do a giant scale walmart tag . =3 
What's grosser than gross ? A garbage can full of dead babies . 
Blegh . Parsons OFFICIALLY sucks ! The theater ain't even playing anything worth watching . So far the only movies I've cared to see ( Gamer and 9 ) aren't getting shown there . Thus , I declare Parsons Theatre racist and will begin random protesting !....... Bleh , too lazy to actually protest , but I'm still super-pissed . >=\\ 
Nngh ... This week turned to shit real fast . Cells got shut off today , and the internet won't be far from behind . I have virtually no way to get hold of anyone , which wouldn't be so bad if I could still see < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Is it not enough , big hand in the sky , that I'm deprived of the ability to talk to < PROPFEMALE > UNTIL the weekends , but now you may very well be taking away my < PROPMALE > to even see her then as well ? I really hate this week ... 
Tcheh . Dumb dildos , gives us all the frees coffee in the world and no instructions how to cook it ! 
Despite the bad weather , the getting rained on while I was out walking around the town doing errands and the fact that I am NOT going to check on my applications today like I planned , today's still a good day . =D 
is excessively fidgety today , cause there's nothing to doooooooo . D= 
This has been , by far the greatest week ever . So far anyways . 
hates having a song stuck in his head that he doesn't know the words or song title to . 
Would anyone be offended if I were to kill < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? His face angers me . Plus I hate the commercials . 
is considering a haircut , cause he's tired of flipping hair out of his face . Doubts , however , he'll get away with doing it since < PROPFEMALE > lives here . 
Okay . Game time bitches . Here's the formula : [ Song Title ] + In my pants . Post results . 
I remember last year like it was only yesterday .. 
Livin ' on the edge , fighting crime , spinning webs . Leaping from the highest ledge , he can leap above our heeads . AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH ! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH ! Spectacular , spectacular Spiderman ! Spectacular , spectacular Spidermaaan .. T-T I can't get that damn song outta my head . 
My facebook suggestions thing thinks I'm gay !!! D= It wanted me to become a fan of Shirtless < PROPFIRST > Lautner in the rain . * shuddervomitmurders * 
OM NOM NOM NOM NOM !!! ( profile picture ) 
Your exorbitant conjectures on the world perplexes me to ability to envisage even the most facile concepts . Now figure out what I said , how little it makes sense , and how many of these words I knew before using a thesaurus . If you win you get an imaginary cookie and some brownie points . 
I'd be more apathetic if I weren't so lethargic .................................................................................................................................................. Oh-ho-ho , I get it ! Eh , that's kinda funny ! Yeah , can I get a copy of ' Jugs' ? 
I hate the more retarded facebook quizzes . People asking what you're favorite show is , then only listing the presumably popular shows that are on television that not everyone watches or asking about your favorite singer then only listing crappy pop-artists . ¬¬ 
Nerds'll get this . =o [ Krilling tosses his Destructo Disk ] Nappa : VEGETA ! LOOK A FRISBEE ! Vegeta : NO NAPPA ! STOP , IT'S A TRICK ! Nappa : BUT VEGETA !..... Trix are for kids ! Vegeta : Ergh .... Y'know what on second thought , catch it Nappa . Catch it with your teeth ! Nappa : YAY ! 
Haha ! Look at < PROPFIRST>'s penis ! 
Whee-oo-whee-oo ! You just hit the jackpot , mofo ! 
Okay , I'm still against the whole Haiti relief fund thing , but I'm just tired of seeing all this crap about it . < PROPFEMALE>'s only doing this so they can look good in front of other countries because everyone hates us . It does absolutely NOTHING . x.X 
I feel like free running , but it's too damn cold and wet . Ever just feel like stabbing something ? 
Anyone out there ever just hold their pee in for a couple hours , just for that awesome feeling of relief you get from finally going ? 
How should it even be possible for one person to piss me off so much in such a short amount of time ? It's like this person who shall remain nameless is TRYING to get on my nerves . Insanity . I'm starting to think I'd be better off just being with < PROPFEMALE > ALL the time instead of even bothering to < PROPFEMALE > out with people , aside from a very small number of people . 
Blah . Screwed over by Oklahoma City . Too long a damn trip to want to go there . Even if there IS a parkour institute there . 
Oh joy my television's broken . The game I rented is now officially useless . Sucks , cause I was really into the game too . Now I get to just wait out the day . Damned rain and it's ability to stop me from doing parkour . ¬¬\ 
\ 
Also , for those of you who know who I'm talking about , I saw < PROPFIRST > up at Wal-mart . Dunno if he or < PROPFEMALE > saw me , but neither seemed interested in talking if they did . Ah well , c'est la vie ... 
Just a random update : I got a haircut . For the few of you who might care about it , deal with it . Too late to stop it now . =\\ 
Random Disturbing Urban Dictionary Quote of the day : \ 
( Disclaimer : If this offends you in any way , rest assured I care very little . =D) \ 
\ 
The Lion King :\ 
When having sex , you pull out right before you ejaculate and into your own hand . Get the girl to face you and before she realizes it , use your thumb to smear some sperm across her forehead and say \Simba \"." 
e . e The internet bores me again . All I can think to do for entertainment is check fail-vids on youtube . 
American Ninja Warrior made it official : Japan is CLEARLY superior . \ 
Seriously , the course on ANW is a failure . It's like ... half the size , difficulty , and sheer pwnage of the japanese course , then they follow it up with unnecessary semi-finals then they make you train just so that you can fail the japanese course because you weren't expecting it to be so hard . \ 
Ninja warrior is pimp shit though . 
is TOTALLY getting Cybertron Wars when he has the cash ! =D 
Found an anime site with one of my top animes : Excel Saga . Swweeeeeeet . xD 
XD !! I love old people technology questions . I just had to go two doors down because a lady couldn't figure out how to use the closed caption button on her television remote . 
Every time you vote Team < PROPFIRST > or Team < PROPMALE > , an adorable kitten dies . Please . For the love of kittens everywhere . Stop caring . \ 
Side note : I don't hate the Twilight BOOKS . You just have to look at them the same way I do . Don't refer to them as vampires or werewolves , and completely blank out all the ' perfect boyfriend ' garbs they've strewn in for < PROPFIRST > . He's an obsessive stalker . And < PROPMALE>'s a pedophile . 
Aaaah , yes . Epic < PROPFIRST > ; the odd attempt to save Disney's characters from being completely favored by children and people who grew up watching them . I won't be playing it unless I can off characters I want nothing to do with . \ 
P.S. : Kingdom hearts , FTW ! 
Best one-sided fight EVER : ( Found it while watching the trailer for < PROPFEMALE > vs . Capcom 3 : Fate of Two Worlds)\ 
Hulk vs . < PROPFIRST > Redfield . No clue who they are ? Google it . \ 
Also : BEST fight ever :\ 
Dante(Devil May Cry ) vs . Deadpool . Again . Google it . 
I wonder when Hollywood's going to make ' Happy Days : The Movie ' . The guy playing the Fonz can jump a shark at the end of the movie . 
Apparently , my girlfriend < PROPFEMALE>'s dog is an aethiest . I was going to the kitchen and passed a picture of Jesus with a giant dog turd laid out on his chest . 
Visual Kei has some of the wierdest and coolest outfits for their bands I've ever seen . The only problem I've seen with them so far is they either look gay , creepy , or like chicks . Androgynous folk are an odd bunch . 
I hate orientations . Mostly because of the videos that come with it . They piss me off . I mean , seriously , I want to stab those people so damn hard . \ 
... Upside is , I have a job . =D 
I don't hate my new job , but I hate the smells that come from bad products . Ugh . I smelled so many new smells today .... and not a one of them were good . Dx 
Ohmuhgawd , Syfy's running a ' Greatest American Hero ' marathon . For you folk who KNOW what I'm talking about , ' the shiznit ' right ? xD 
When did I lose my ability to poke somebody .... \ 
.... \ 
... \ 
.. \ 
. \ 
On facebook . o.o \ 
... 5 in the a.m. and I'm stacking 5 & 10 lb bags of potatoes . Didn't suck too much until the later end of the shift . ._. 
And now it's time for the naughty phrase turned japanese of the day :\ 
\ 
Sapuraizu tsukiawase b ?!!! \ 
If you figure out what it means , do tell . Ben'll probably know though . So hurry . xD \ 
I'unno if it's right though . 
GET TO THE CHOPPA !!!! ( Sorry , I'm bored . e.e ) 
I swear , if I see another < PROPFIRST > Bieber image , I'm going to stab him to death . 
Well ... Apparently , my computer hates any website but facebook today , so I'm gonna go to family video and get assassin's creed II and prototype . Today's turned into a shitty day pretty quick . A REALLY shitty day . -__-; 
Yay I gots a new phone .. If anyone wants the number it's ( 620)-717-1277 . 
Agh . Work is so boring today . The only good thing about it is i get to eat at subway . D: 
I shall futterwacken vigorously . 
Golly-jee-willikers it's raining pretty hard out for just the storm just starrting . 
I'm reobsssed with Borderlands .. again . 
Alright , what the hell ? I was reading up on the ' Avengers ' movie since they finally finished casting and it turns out they aren't keeping < PROPFIRST > Norton as The Hulk . I mean there'll probably be virually no Banner-time if it's an action movie but still . 
I'm looking forward to my day off tomorrow . 
Question of the day : Can a hermaphrodite join the nba AND the wnba ? 
Epic walmart win : someone forgot to pick up a birthday cake so we gget to eat for free in the break room . Happy Birthday , cakeless 70-year old . Happy Birthday . 
Nerdy question of the day(folks not x-men aware enough won't get what i'm talking about ): what happens if < PROPMALE > needs a pen ? 
SQUEEEEEEE !!!!!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > AND GUILLERML < PROPMALE > TORO ARE GONNA MAKE A MOVIE OUT OF H.P. LOVECRAFT'S ' MOUNTAINS OF MADNESS!' FINALLY A HORROR FLICK I HAVE TO WATCH !!!!!!! =D 
I seriousl hope noone pisses me off at work today . I'm in a badenough mood as it is . 
God I can't wait till thursday . I'd like money again . 
Days like today make me feel like I should be on 1 vs 100 ... That , or the people who do end up on that show probably shouldn't be . 
Days like today make me feel like I should be on 1 vs 100 ... That , or the people who do end up on that show probably shouldn't . 
I shouldn't be allowed to watch commercials . It makes me insult companies , people and celebrities that are unassociated with the commercial . 
I shouldn't be allowed to watch commercials . It makes me insult companies , people and celebrities that are unassociated with them . 
Woot . I gots a new toy ! And by toy , I mean , of course , a shiny sharp pointy stabby toy . =D Also , Mnt . Dew Throwback is at wal-mart again . Mmmmm . 
Oh internets , why must you taunt me . I finally find my dream shiny stabby toy and with shipping and handling it'd cost 140 bucks . I don't think so , kid who makes square enix merchandise . I don't think so . 
is slowly realizing how hard it is to chug monster from the import bottle .. 
I kinda miss having a DS .. I wanna play The World Ends With You again ... Dx 
Sick Thought of the Day : In Alabama , it's legal to freak with a porcupine as long as it weighs over 5 pounds . 
Mmmm ..... Mt . Dew Throwback , Ruffles chips , and hot bean dip ... Eh . The Cosmic Brownies were still better . p = 
Blegh . I'm tired of people making big fucking deals out of nothing . 
There's a lot of rumors of a Green Lantern 2 and a potential third , and that they may affect Reynolds role as Deadpool ... God I hope not . 
YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT IT'S RAINING !! >=D Today just turned AWESOME . 
How , exactly , did Beyblade get repopularized ...? 
finally rented the new transformers game . Tis bitchin ' . 
AAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH ! * insane giggle * Bumblebee's voice actor is Ichigo !!! xD 
Haahaaaaah . I just came off anestheeeesia . xD 
Last bet we lost , we had to streak through the Avengers mansion woth nothing but a < PROPFEMALE > cap on . Till this day < PROPMALE > Cage won't look is in the eye . 
Yes . The ho-hos help soothe the darkness in my gloom hole . 
Really , < PROPFEMALE > ? REAALLY ? Iron Fist ? I didn't think they'd ever make a movie based on a generally unknown character . Don't get me wrong , I'mma still watch it , but .. 
Playing a game calles Resonance of Fate . Epic battles , various comedic cut-scenes , but the bosses are waaay overpowered . Still worth it . I'd say an 8\\10 . 
Alright , so one kid kills a person then goes home to play WoW and now we have to ban video games ? Be smart supreme court . If not , I scream commie and move to Tokyo . 
And then Deadpool staked \Edward\ " ! The end ! " 
YAY MY STUFF FINALLY CAME IN !! 
Ah yes , Paper Jamz . The guitar for fail-children who can't pick up a real guitar so they can rock out with absolutely no < PROPMALE > of becoming famous . 
So .... The guy living in a giant nigh-impenetrable palace only carries 4 Flourins on his person ?? Douche .. * playing Assassin's Creed II * 
Just pre-ordered Reach , can't wait . Wooooots !!! =D Imma gettin ' Reeeaaach Armor . x3 
just finished Vampires Suck . Didn't hate it , if nothing else . 
Only three more hours of work , only three more hours of work . >.< 
Milk , milk , lemonade around the corner fudge is made . But you don't want that kind . It's not any good . 
Uuugh , I'm sooo hungry . T.T I wish I hadn't forgotten my wallet at home . 
Nulla e reale , tutto e lecito . 
3 days , 12 hours , 14 minutes and 35 seconds and counting til Reach . 
Just four more hours til I'm home , and I hope Reach has gotten to the house by then . Dx 
Ugh , I hate cooking .. x.x I wanna go play Reach . 
So far , Reach has exceeded my expectations . Forge hates the use of shield doors , so mapping something is a pain . 
Just finished watching < PROPMALE > of Persia . Good flick , but pales to Reach's campaign . =D 
Hurray , I'm going home sick . I'm soooo thrilled . e.e 
Mmmm , < PROPFIRST>'s Chinese . =d 
For those interested : Arubato Wesuka is gonna be in < PROPFEMALE > vs Capcom 3 ;D 
Jumping feet first into hell isn't your job , making sure it's crowded when you get there is . 
Okay , reach's < PROPFEMALE > sucks . YOU'RE IN A FUCKING TURRET !! SHOOT PEOPLE ! DX 
Heey ... You found me .. You win a beer ! 
On a more personally apathetic note : Pokemon Black and White was released in Japan today . It contains the next 150+ pokemon generation . Yip-e-dee-doo . e.e 
WOOT ! Dissidia 012 [ duodecim ]: Final Fantasy has been announced under it's admittedly retarded name . =D Can't wait . 
I hate auto-flush toilets .. Just saying . 
< PROPFIRST > ! Where is my au-to-mo-bile ? 
is feeling the urge to visit < PROPFEMALE > or Tuscany ..... and beat the shit out a group of guards so hard , one will run in terror so he can shank the coward in the throat . Xd 
KWANSU , DUDES !! ... They love that word .. It must mean , like , free beer or something . 
ATTENTION COD FAGS : YOU'RE PLAYING HALO , NOT YOUR GAY LITTLE CALL OF FUCKING DUTY . STOP . VOTING . FOR SWAT AND SNIPERS . 
Johnny : OOH ! Maybe I can tell them I was hammered by the fact I found out I was adopted last night ! \ 
Iggy : You were adopted last night ? Why didn't your dad just adopt you when you were kids ? 
Big Time Rush : Proof that boy bands still exist . 
Fo ' REEAAL ?!?! 
I can't wait for Assassin's Creed : Brotherhood !!!!!!! DX 
Ugh , this storm's totally messing with my willingness to clean . e.e 
Thinking on cleaning up my friend list . If you wanna stay on it(Unless you already know I'm not gonna delete you ) , I'd suggest letting me know . o.o Kthnxbai . 
There we go , finished . 44 friends left . I'M BAD FRIEND STOCK NOWZ ! =D \ 
Seriously though , if you're still reading this , enjoy . o.o Anyone else who can't , apologies all around , you either don't post things , post things I'm tired of reading , or I hate you . Severely(If you can think of a reason I might hate you , I probably do . =D ) 
Y'know what would kick total ass ? A golf cart built to look like a Revenant , but with wheels . ( Halo : Reach fans , you know what I'm talkin ' ' bout . ;D ) 
Oh today just went downhill REAL fast . 
is watching Detroit Rock City , aweso\ 
e fuckin ' movie . =3 
Is it normal to want to bash your head into a wall , just as an excuse to leave work early ? e.o 
finished The Force Unleashed . Still a shitty story , but the combat makes up for it . Also , gettin ' muh new 360 tomorroooow . ^^ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , why ruin a good thing with a sequel ? e.e 
Solved my Halloween costume dilemma . I'm going as myself ..... from three days in the fuuutuuuure . > . O 
Anyone wanna buy some shit ? I need cash for Fable 3 . 
Had to replay fable 2 due to an inability to transfer my old file to the new 360 . Completely forgot you could hax0rz for basically infinite experience . xD Only just got < PROPFEMALE > to join the team and I have a sharpshooter with maxed skill and toughness . Making a will-user will be so easy now . xD 
Early as it is , and I'm already waiting for the day to be over . Damned Xbox Live update . JUST RELEASE IT ALREADY ! X.x 
saw a kid whose parents dressed him up as a Yellow Shirt from < PROPFEMALE > Trek . Smart move , but I wish they'd have gone for Red Shirt so I could run up to the parents and scream , \Do you WANT your child to get killed ?! \"" 
Waiting on xbox live to finish updating . It's PAINFULLY slow . Also , rented Fable 3 . Woot . Can't play it til I get the damned update though . Had to shut off my 360 twice to get it to work . 
Leviticus 18:22 basically says two dudes can't butt-fuck . Does not say anything against marriage . Side-note : It ALSO excludes lesbians . WINK WINK SUBTLE HINT ! ;D God loves lesbos . \ 
It's a shame I don't believe in all that , huh ? 
Dragonball Z question(as little as I care for the show ): If the saiyans ' power increases every time they get their asses handed to them , why didn't they just beat the shit out of each other and then use their oh-so-amazing alien regenerative technology to heal the almost dead ones , then repeat until godly ? 
I wish I'd been in the back when they brought in sodas today , they had brisk tea . I SO wanted to ask the guy , \ Lipton Brisk Ice Tea ?! Where did you get that ?! \ " and see if he got it . " 
When the United States first sent began sending astronauts into space , they realized the ball-point pen doesn't work in zero gravity . \ 
A million dollar investment and several years of testing later , they finally made a pen that would work in space , on almost any surface , and in temperatures below freezing to 300 degrees celsius . \ 
When confronted with the same issue , the Russians used a pencil . 
So .... what ever happened to the Xbox 2 through 359s ? 
And I think it's gonna BE a long , long time til sunset comes around again to find I'm not the MAN they think I am at home . Oh no , I'm a ROCKETMAN . Rocketman , burnin ' out my fuel out here , alone ! 
Assassin's Creed : Brotherhood : Best . Game . Ever . Been up the past two nights playing it late mainly because < PROPFEMALE > actually WANTS me to play . Thus , godly . xD 
Okay , < PROPFEMALE > leaves for work at 11 tonight , and I have to be at work at 4:45 in the morning ... GUESS WHO'S PULLING AN ALL-NIGHTER ? Dx 
In the long run , there is no surviving a Zombie Apocalypse . You either get eaten , outlast everyone else then get eaten when supplies run out , or die on your own . Also , what happens when there are no non-zombified people left ? Food source runs out , and they all drop , I'd imagine . 
In a one-on-one situation , \an eye for an eye\ " really only means someone who sells eyepatches just found two new customers . " 
Mmm .... spam ... God's greatest creation ... Wait , second . Bacon tops spam ... Wait .. third . Spam with Bacon is first . ;d 
A couple months from now , if I get to see Less Than < PROPMALE > in concert . I only have to see Rise Against , go to Japan and see < PROPFEMALE > Nine , ViViD , and D'espairsray in concert , and eat so much jell-o I throw up so I can see what it looks like , and my current bucket list is finished . :3 
Curious question : < PROPFIRST > Cullen's supposed to be a vampire right ? Thus , no blood circulates through his veins since he himself no longer HAS blood , being an undead and all ..... How does he get a boner ?? 
Thank god for my phone . < PROPFEMALE>'s got some movie called Avalon High on . First off , it's severely lame . It's one cliche after another . Second , they try to make the pretty-boys in the movie act like they're tough . One of ' em threatens this chick , and I looked up at his face and laughed . I'd have popped him in the jaw if I was her . 
Blargh , Christmas shopping is a pain im the arse . 
Just found out Vic Mignogna was in < PROPFEMALE > Layer . ( For those of you who don't know who that is , he was < PROPFIRST > Elric on Fullmetal Alchemist and Deathscythe in Soul-Eater ) 
Just a random thought : Is there an actual term for ' fear of being serious' ? Cause I totally have that . Also , does anyone know where I can find some hobos , and if so , < PROPFEMALE > me a carrot , some chicken wire , and a big backyard that's interested in the exciting world of prize fighting ? 
At what point did I die , and since when did Heaven allow people like me ? <3 * eating baby back rib flavored chips * 
I wonder when someone is gonna make a realistic version of Frosty the Snowman , where Frosty , realizing he is made of snow and doomed to a short life and prolonged death , goes on a murderous children-slaughtering because they weren't considerate enough to build him out of something less destructible . 
Also , if I drank two 5-hour energy at the same time , would I get the full 10 hours ? If so , would 35 get me a full week ? Because that would be super . 
Another birthday passed . Whoo . e.e 
Best Christmas and birthdays I've had in a looong time . Yesterdays joplin trip could have ended better , but I got a brand new game for $25 . < PROPMALE > , if you read this , I got Way of the Samurai 3 . =D 
Worst name for an Asian-American child : Yuu . 
Heheheheheh-Awww ..... Hehehehehe-Awww .. 
Attention , peoples : Whilst perusing 4chan's /b/ , I stumbled upon a comment . ' What did it say ?! ' You might ask . Someone at Quakecon had lagged the server with the 16 tb of porn he had on his computer . Your thoughts ? 
< PROPMALE > Macchio : Pedo Bears longest relationship . 
Guard : We have a code 37 in progress . \ 
< PROPMALE > Damon : Jesus , AGAIN , < PROPMALE > ? \ 
< PROPMALE > Affleck : HAHA ! NO , BECAUSE I WASN'T WITH A HOOKER TODAY ! 
Oh good lord , it finally snowed . Now the high for today is 29 and tomorrow's 19 .... Son . Of . A . Bitch ..... e . e 
< PROPFIRST > Snipes is in jail ... for Tax Evasion . Blade is serving a three year sentence for dodging tax people ... WHO'S PROTECTING US FROM VAMPI-*GAAASP * That's how Twilight started ... D = 
Anyone else notice the racially stereotypic aspect of some of the parents in the Rugrats ? 
< PROPMALE > & Kel could've been a really racist show , and all it would have taken was to change Kel's favorite soda flavor . 
If < PROPMALE > Da Vinci were alive right now , we'd all be taking our hoverbikes to work by now . 
For those of you who know what I be talkin ' about , AKIHABARA'S RE-OPENING FOR FOOT TRAVEL ! 
Today at exactly 12:01:13 , something will happen somewhere that may be good or bad , and also may or not be newsworthy . 
Okay , question . Let's say you make a clone , but you make the clone the opposite gender , while otherwise retaining your identical genetic code . If you breed with it , is your child your child , or is he another clone ? 
Hey , man , while you're down there can you check on my < PROPMALE > Lucky ? And by < PROPMALE > , I mean - ASSHOLE , who ruined my momma's girl parts . 
Just looked at Lifetime's schedule ... The fuck is WRONG with these people ?! Nothing but depressing drama , death , and rape . 
Settled in to the apartment . Didn't sleep much though , and now I feel shitty and want to kill one of my coworkers for not doing a single fucking thing yesterday . 
Okay first off , I came to the conclusion that Ash in the pokemon cartoon is your rival in the games . \ 
Also , I saw a black guy singing Hokey Pokey to his kid , and somehow it sounded a little racist to me . 
I gots an iphone . I think it hates me .. 
Found myself alone in the apartment this morning so I figured I'd play some music . My 360 decided it would be funny to ironically play the song Empty Apartment by Yellowcard . 
Drinking pepsi from a coca-cola cup . Mildly amused . 
Listening to Rise Against's Kotov Syndrome .. to calm my nerves . I'm not sure if that's normal or not . 
