I'm just too tired ..... surely I can catch up tomorrow ! zzzzzzzzzzzzz 

is going to have to stay away from this puter .... my left eye is killin meeeee ! plus I've ka-zillions of things to do before the 4th !!!!!!!!! Sure I'll be back sometime tho ... ;=)) 
2nd huge rain storm ! Keep losing internet , but sheesh ..... did we ever need RAIN .... Nearly 2 months of no rain and 100 degrees each day ..... ughhh ! My plants and I are both grateful ...... * smiles * 
news just in .... Swine Flu he thinks ! sheeesh ...... just what I needed .... so please forgive me if I'm erratic ..... Yes I know , I am anyway .... lol 
Is really happy that the Vet said < PROPMALE > is doing better ! YAY !!! And thanks very much for the great comments on my photos ! Happy Weekend Y'all!!! xx 
Is really really really happy that the Vet said < PROPMALE > is doing better ! YAY ! And thanks very much for the great comments on my photos ! Happy Weekend Y'all!!!! And Happy Labor Day , < PROPFEMALE > ! And thank Heavens it's finally football season !!!! How could I have left that out ??!! LOL xxxx 
Thank you everybody for the lovely birthday wishes !!!! How special you make me feel !!! Today is a good day !!!! First day of Autumn , even if I have to be a year older ... LOL 
Happiest of birthdays to < PROPFEMALE > !!!! xoxo 
Happiness is a warm puppy ! 
well , I never woulda guessed this ! Here's our weather forecast for tonight/tomorrow !!! FriDec 4 PM Snow Showers high 41° low 24° precipitation 40% This is the first week of December right ? hmmmm ! 
Hopes all her friends and family have had and are having wonderful holidays !!! Wishing you all a very happy New Year too ! xxx 
is in total shock and disbelief ! Been watching the Saints for 30 plus years , never thought this would ever happen !!!! How bout them Saints ???? Laissez < PROPMALE > bon temps rouler !!!! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day , a little late ! And oh yeah , Lake Tahoe is beaaauuuutiful !! 
wants Bubba to come home . 
Happy Easter to y'all! xxx 
FB is so so so annoying .... today and yesterday .... will try tomorrow ... maybe ! 
has no internet .... working on getting it back ..... sorry ! 
thinking tendonitis is completely overrated !! so disrupting to my clicking .... sheesh ! 
sending prayers to Montgomery County , Arkansas ... 16 dead , more missing due to flash flooding .. water < PROPFEMALE > 8 feet an hour .... so sad . 
Some say stress is good for a person .... I personally wouldn't mind never feeling stressed again ever in my life .... so those other folks simply just need to ' reevaluate'!!!! Baaaaa ! 
there comes a time in life when you have to walk away from all the pointless drama and the people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you agree , I just did 
101°F Feels Like : 106° Details :D angerous heat index . Outdoor exposure should be limited . 
Is wondering why I can't just ' pick up ' being left handed again .... just isn't happening for me ... lol Had my appointment with the orthopedic doctor and now I can't use my right arm much at all .... To his credit , he warned me .... but but but !!!! Ooooh well , hope everybody else is wonderful out there !!! xxx 
I was going to answer each and every one of you wonderful friends ' messages ... but I am so overwhelmed !!!! lol Thank you so very very much from the bottom of my heart .... I feel so loved right now .... and I thank you for that , means more than I can ever write here ...... You're the bestest and I love you !!!! Thanks for making my birthday so special ! xxxxxxxxxx 
Please put this on your status if you know , are related to or have been affected by someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to know that stupidity is real & should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for stupidity , and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , mainly because they are sufferers themselves and they don't know how to copy and paste . 
People\ 
are often unreasonable , self-centered : Forgive them anyway . If you are \ 
honest , people may cheat you , but be honest anyway . What you spend years\ 
to build , someone could destroy overnight . Build anyway . The good you \ 
do today , people will often forget tomorrow . Do good anyway . You see , in\ 
the final analysis it is ... between you and God ; it never was between \ 
you and them anyway . 
Wishing everyone a wonderful Thanksgiving ! :~)) 
You can't have a rainbow without the rain ~ 
31-23 !! Was a greaaaat game , and the best part , .. the good guys WON !!! \ 
Woooo Pig Sooie , Woooo Pig Soooie , Wooo Pig Sooie ! RAZORBACKSSSS !!! 
Just wanted to wish my Redhead a very happy birthday ! Love you < PROPFIRST > ! xx 
is in hibernation obviously .... consider me an official hothouse flower .... roll on Spring ! 
