can't even explain how happy she is that it's friday :) 

Did anyone see the hangover ? I had to leave early and really want to know how it ended ??? 
thinks her head will explode if she writes one more paper : 0 
is sad because she didnt get a nap and is exhausted :( but happy that she is going to comedy factory :) 
so relived that the summer class is over 
had a relaxing day today :) 
ready for some R&R 
is going to attempt to cook tonite .... wish me luck 
wants to go see funny people tonite :) 
wants to do something fun today !!!!! 
by the pool ! 
still feels crappy :( 
doesn't understand how she can be so accident prone . 
is at home with a bum leg ... come visit and sign my pink cast :) 
is so relieved she does not have to have pins in her foot ! Only three more weeks in a cast !! :) gracias a dios ! 
has discovered shopping online + too much time on your hands = an expensive combination 
just got home from looney's , pretty tired , but trying to stay up for someone to get off work :) 
is in a great mood today :) ... looks like I just needed a night out 
is getting a much needed night out of the house tonite :) gracias a Dios ! 
Finally got her cast off :) 
Is in a great mood ... and hopes to get to hold her beautiful baby goddaughter < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Sienkielewski today :) 
has a random craving for Thai ! 
this crappy weather makes me want to go back home and curl up under my blankets all day :( 
is tired from a long weekend ... hangin out around the house 
Loves this weather 
is exhausted , but i just saw Paranormal Activity , not sure i'll be able to sleep : 0 
is in a great mood today !!!!!!!! :) 
is very energetic today ! The Doc says I don't need to wear my cast shoe anymore ! WAHOOO :) off to pilates ....... 
Exhausted from a long weeknd ... goin to bed early tonite ! 
feels horrible ... trying to get plenty of rest today to feel better by tomrw !!! 
ahh it's snowingg ! 
is really missing Costa Rica's warm weather ..... its soooooo cold today ! 
is sooooooooo glad its saturday !!! 
Travel is fatal to prejudice , bigotry , and narrow-mindedness , and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts . Broad , wholesome , charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
is going to attempt to study for her RL final and really hope i don't get distracted ! 
whoo 
is trying to study for her real estate test ... but its soooooooooo much information to learn . FML man : 0 
is relaxing after a GREAT christmas break . 
I love having Monday's off , i get sooooo much done :) 
Seriously ... where does the time go ? I can't figure out how it's already the first week into the new year ! Wow 
hates filling out fasfa applications :( 
feels like crap :( 
is so confused ... why can't things ever be black and white ? 
Magerk's tonite ! Whos commin ? 
really can't believe the nerve of people 
on my bedroom floor 
snowed in at angie-poo's!! we just got the power back !! hope we dont ' lose it again !!!!!!!!!!! 
snowed in at A . Lacy's hiz-house 
I am sooo bad with technology !! .... trying to figure out how to work this IPOD 
I have officially had too much time on my hands 
finishing some homework in the library 
ughhh i hate , hate hateee writing papers ! 
... sick :( watching law abiding citizen , then maybe HW 
needs to start her paper that is due tmrw , but just can't get motivated ! 
is in such a good mood today . its gawgeous . i love this weather :) 
Happy Saint < PROPFEMALE>'s day everyone ! White Marsh after work for dinner with my < PROPFEMALE > ! Then back downtown to get my < PROPFEMALE > pride on :) 
I will be in Atlanta this time tommorow ! ahh can't wait :) 
Thanks for all the Bday wishes everyone ! :) Headed to the airport to come back home , wish me luck ... I lost my ID last night , so i hope they let me through security ! :( ) 
It is so gorgeous out today I love it ! Happy Easter to all ! 
ugh ... when does the homework ever stop ! Someone needs to a create a school that is homework free :) 
off to Ethics class ................... 
DINNER AT LA TOLTECA WITH < PROPMALE > THEN PROBABLY OFF TO BED , NEED MY REST AFTER THE LACK OF SLEEP I GOT LAST NIGHT ! GOOD TIMES THOUGH .... 
Ugh , I have no < PROPFEMALE > for stupidity ! 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA , 14,000 in NY & 17,000 in IL . NJ & Florida are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste ... this to your status 
So many decisions to make ... so little time 
having the shingles sucks :( .... been inside the house all weekend , starting to go a little stir crazy 
long day at work , so glad its over ! Headed to pilates ... already soar from last nights pilates marathon so we shall see how tonite goes ! 
I'm not even going to dignify that with a response 
Just had a great dinner at the lodge with the bro-ski and leah ... and just realized that she kind of loves the lodge 
Flyin home from < PROPMALE > ... hope the weather is better in Baltimore 
Captain Crunch french toast is possibly the best breakfast food invented :) 
Apparently < PROPFEMALE > in Spanish is spelled ' Geder\ haha " 
Finally up to date with technology , I . Have internet on my phone ! 
So glad to have the rest of the day off ... going to study by the pool :) 
Ocean city here I come :) 
Gettin my hair did , it needed it bad ! Off to pilates after this then going to study study study :( 
Ugh I hate being sick :( 
Just got service back ... headed home from a great fourth of july weekend 
Hightops 
Another day , another dolla .... 
Sooo tired , ready for bed after a long day :) 
Rest in peace < PROPFEMALE > macleod flannery , I love you grandma . 
Going out on the boat all day , couldn't ask for a better day for it 
Up and about , so much to get done today and , as always , not enough hours in the day 
Cannot wait for oceanaire tonite :) 
Bye bye roots ! Gettin my hair did , then idk . What's going on for the game tonite ? 
Is trying to stay awake through the most boring orientation ever , I just don't get how this can stretch out for an hour and a half 
Whats goin on for the game tonite ?? 
Can't wait for the game tonite !! Just got tickets :) 
Omg I don't know how people pass A&P .... 
Who wants to save on there auto insurance ?? 
Is anybody trying to get rid of a recorded ? 
Eastern shore pasta @ desantis = amazingly delicious . Glad we went out for dinner instead of tryin to cook at home :) 
Ugh I'm so frustrated , why do I seem to be having the worst luck with cars lately ?? Anybody know someone that fixes the little cracks in wind sheilds for cheap ? 
Wow a year goes by quickly ... happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > , me beautiful goddaughter is one today 
I love this weather , wish it would stay like this ! Having lunch with < PROPFEMALE > @ italian sensations and def going to sit outside 
Physical therapy , I hope my back starts to feel better soon !! 
Goiing to my favorite brothers birthday dinner . My oh my is seaniepoo getting old . 
Hello beach :) hav ing a cocktail then headed to soak up some sun 
Life is full of surprises 
At school for a review of all the muscles and bones in the human body ... seriously ? WTH ... wish me luck 
Gosh how I love miss < PROPFIRST>'s , doesn't matter how long the wait is , its always worth it 
Is so ready to curl with a good movie and glass of wine ... 
You know your getting old when your ready for bed at ten on a saturday 
The rioters out front are starting to come up with some catchy tunes ... I almost jumped in line with them today and started protesting ... 
Reaallyy ?? 
Will be cutting an eyeball open within five minutes .... mmm how apetizing before lunch 
All I want for Christmas is youuu ! :) 
This exam only determines my future career ... no pressure 
Ugh , I extremely dislike the mva ... this is the last time i am going to lose my license at a bar ... mark my words ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to me ... just found out I don't have to work tomorrow ... hello dollar beer night :) 
At least I'm not the only one in bel air that lost their id on new years < PROPFEMALE > 
Let's go raveennnnsss ! We got this today :) 
Omg ravens if you do not get this together I am goin g to have a BF 
Friday cannot come soon enough .... can't wait for this week to be over ! 
It's like a light switch , as soon as school starts the stress begins ! I swear I think its just even the thought of studying for hours that stresses me out more than actually doing it !! 
Needs to find some inner peace after spending 5 hours studying for a test and then can't take it because she gets stuck in traffic this morning on 95 ! Ughhhh 
Ok so bootcamp then salsa , then another round of studying before the exam tmrw morning that I have to get an a on ! Hopefully I can fit some time in for sleep :) 
This is an epic moment ... I am up and functioning at 630am , what's scarier is that I have been up and functioning since 530 ( thanks to the motivation of < PROPFIRST > ) 
me < PROPFEMALE > hungryyyyyyy 
Nationwide sales training all day :( 
Just finished the errands for the day , headed back to justins house to make some dinner and watch a movie ... so glad we finally have a day to relax :) 
Everyone come out to the tower , its ten dollars to get it , and it goes to a grat causee 
Ugh ... Glad i had a fun weekend bc I have another two weeks comming up where I have to seclude myself from the world and study !! Two quizes tomorrow , online quiz thursday , and exam next tuesday 
It is sooo nice out today !! I am so bummed I am stuck inside , perfect night for a cookoutt 
We always think it will never happen to us .... 
Thanks for the BDAY wishes everyone !! appreciate the love ! \ 
Come out to Talara tonite for drinks to celebrate my Bday :) 
