i just want things to go back to normal 

Is about to do something , Just trying to figure out what . 
really wants to see her . 
needs some help 
is so tired of all the bullshit . 
Just wants to talk to you , I cannot believe this ........................ 
I am a servant to the mistakes that I have made in the past . likewise I am also a servent to the accomplishments that I have accrude over the years , So now all I can do is watch it all unfold around me into the life that I have for myself now . 
cannot get over the fact that he is .. .... .... ..., E :/ 
Is going to bed , but keeping his facebook up . Still cannot get you off his mind . 
for every action there is and always will be an equal and oppistie reaction . 
is going to the field , for another month and few days . at 0545 in the morning tommorrow 1145(in ga ) , see yall later . 
back online again , the field was alirght 
wonder how you are doing ? 
wondering how you are doing ? 
wishes that he was back there with you ... 
is going to be here if you want to talk .... for about an hour . 
Goodnight Neverland ! 
wishes this pain would ease . 
begs for her to end his pain . 
is going to take a walk . 
Is about to go to the Field again , it is graf , and it sucks , but it is only for 5 days . Thank God for that . 
Whats is going on around me , Room kinda messy , and I about to play some CoD : W @W and happy to be alive . Counting my blessings is easy to do these days . 
Missing Home , and remembering the Good Ol ' Days 
wait a Minute , I need to finshing reading \Breaking Dawn\ " . see yall later . " 
is going to clean his room first . then read . 
less then 12 hours till i leave again .. 
Wonders , ' What could warm your cold heart . \ For he realized that his heart was never his . it is still with her . " 
is baack from the field , and will be back after he talks to his friend across the bridge . 
Went out last night , and the only proof that I made it is that I am still alive today . Bachlor parties Rule Congrats Blue !!!!! 
The facade is all but broken , I am nothing more then a Man , and yet it is some how enough to make it . Or we all shal see . 
Just needs to relax . 
Is ready for today . 
Hopes you'll stay 4 a while . 
' s Soul is Floating towards the heavens , after hearing the voice of an angel . 
I got Smallpox , Anthrex , and the Flu , Thank you Army ... lol 
Cannot wait untill midnight . Hopely it is there . 
Wants to know .... WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON !? 
Wants to know what happened ................. 
an undivided or unbroken completeness or totality with nothing wanting - Intergity . 
needs to take a walk . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gHouVPO6Ctc&feature=related 
FUCK FACEBOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMMFG I HATE THIS SHIT ! IT IS DRIVING ME INSANE !! I AM A BROKEN MAN . 
Needs to calm down ............ And take things more lightly ..... 
Is about to go to the Gym .... 
I'll be right back I got to go and talk to someone . 
Wish that you could get on so that we can talk . 
Got back from the Gym and put more pics up . What do yall think of them ? 
GUTEN MORGEN !!!!!! WIE GHETS , ALL IST GUT HERE ! GUT PT , UND TB EXERICESE TAG ! 
Holy GOD in heaven ............ I am having a good day :p 
I have a crazy Russian In my Room and they are threating to kill me ....... My life is now complete ....... Crazy Russians .... 
The Russians are threating my life , they say I owe them money , I dodnt rememebr this ..... they sent the KGB op . T 
How is everything doing back there In the States ? 
Quando eu estava segurando você .... 
Is going to try and rest his eyes , For they are weary . good night all . 
Is about to talk to his friends Across the way .... and then Maybe just maybe go out to P-town . 
IT is so wierd to see them go .... because you know that they are going to be there a week or two before you .... Depressing that you are not there with them , because they are your brothers and sisters .... by blood even ... Cannot wait to be there with them ... Amen . 
been there , done that , messed around . I'm having fun don''t put me down , I'll never let you sweep me off my feet , I wont let you in again , the messages I've tried to send my informations just not going in burnin ' bridges shore to shore I'll break away from something more I'm not to not to love until its cheap been there done that , messed around I'm having fun don't put me down I'll never let you sweep me off my feet . 
Wants to know how thhe heck you get the video in your links , as a video thing .... 
Is debating on calling you .... is going to give it a few ......... maybe longer . 
Is going to Bed , Wishes that he would have called you , Maybe tommorrow he will have the strength need to hear your voice . 
Je veux ton amour , Et je veux < PROPFEMALE > revanche , Je veux ton amour , I don’t wanna be friends . 
I am tired of trying to talk to a wall , Because while it is a pretty wall , It does not talk . And so I say goodbye to the wall , and walk away , knowing that at some point I will find myself staring at the same wall again , because \it\ " has that effect on me . " 
Is sitting in his room wondering about how is wondering how it is all going to happen ... 
Is on his way ....... been on a jet plane got one more to go . then I'll will be there . Oh and Adams You where right ..... 
Is still waiting on a Flight , But also praying for all my friends and family back home . Here is the deal yall cannot worry untill I tell yall to . and if I do not tell yall to then don't worry . lol 
I have 2 hours left , untill I am in a place where they hate me and everything I stand for . I am going to war . 
Is sitting here in AfganLand , and has nothing to do , I am finally where I should be . and I only have about a year left , look on the brite side I am making some good money ..... tax free . 
The past is exactly that the past it cannot change , no matter how much you want it to . But there is always the Future , and that my friends is a present . so make each day count , because each day is the future . 
Is on Down time , Doing some classes Online , and then hopely a nap . 
Good night everyone . stay warm guys . 
Duty Calls ... 
Good night you guys and gals , or glas and guys which ever . 
Alright guysa and gals , I just wanted to give you an update , everything is alright here , I was sent back to the FOB and now I am just doing my thing . oh and the rule still applies you all have nothing to worry about . and I love you E ..... 
Wishes that he could hold you ........ 
Alright the A$$hole of a guy that runs the Computers is making me get off , But I will be back tommorrow . apparently you cannot be on longer then an hour . 
Just stopping by to stay that everything is going to be alright . 
I just wish that I knew what to say right now , but all words excape me at the moment , But does that not always happen when I talk to you . 
Just wants to know how you are doing . and hopes that everyone else is doing alright . because everything is alright over my way . 
Was going on over there in the US of A ? 
You know it must be true that the Universe conspires to kick a person when they are down the most . Because all I can think about is my wayward friends , and how I felt on January 21 , 2009 That was the worst day of my life . But life goes on , in some form or fashion , pulling us ever closer toward the future that we have made for ourselves . and how we must lay in the bed we made . 
hates fucking up the damn status things 
does not know what to do anymore , Everyday is the same , and yet everything changes . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . 
In this comming Year I am going to finally see my six pack , make it home , enjoy life , and the challanges that are thrown my way . Best of luck to all my friends and family . Yall still cannot worry . 
Starting off the new year right .... oh joy . 
This is what I do . Living the life of a soldier . Keeping my M4 tight , so all of yall back home can sleep at night . I don't do for the money or the fame , I do it for my friends and my family . what do you know about being 20 years old , and living more then a 30 year old . All I got to do it keep my mind right and my M4 tight . 
I never know what to expect , from anybody , or anything , anymore . also this is not any thing bad , I am just surprised that people can do things things they do . 
It is Hard to see them Go , But sometimes the Ultimate Sacrifice must be made . See You when I get there Brothers and Sisters . 
you tried your luck the bets are off , I am so sorry dear , but it seems that you lost . Do not shed tears to make me feel the guilt for the guilt cam and passed , and turn into anger which in time turned into understanding . 
I WILL ALWAYS PLACE THE MISSION FIRST . I WILL NEVER ACCEPT DEFEAT . I WILL NEVER QUIT . I WILL NEVER LEAVE A FALLEN COMARADE . Warrior Ethos , Learn it , live it , love it . 
\All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing . \ " - < PROPMALE > Burke 1729 < PROPFIRST > 12 - 1797 Jul 9 . " 
dont sweat the small stuff , it is the big picture that you should worry about . Because the ride will be fun , but the destination is the most important . 
I will leave yall with this : \Stand when Standing is not easy . \"" 
Happy Valentines Day , or Happy Single Awareness Day , to all . Other then that I am working hard or harldy working , and reading the Eragon trilogy . After I am finshed with those I am moving on to some of < PROPFEMALE > Rice's books . 
Free from the torment that has plauged me for so long , Free at last , Free at last !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wierd thought that crossed my mind : The man that can do anything in the world , can be stopped by one thing , and that is the woman that he loves . Also I think that I need to stop eating Curry , it is a spicy Indian food , and it can cause you to get acid reflux . The only problem is that it taste so D @M # good , espically chicken curry , I do not know the recipe but I need to get it . 
Another day another dollar , and I cannot wait till I get my < PROPMALE > . Ony like 200 some odd days till I get to ride it . 
Alright I'm off to borrow a camera and Do some college work . 
It is a funny thing , you never know when it will happen , you never know what it will look like , where it will be , what it does , where it has been , but you do know one thing : that you want to go where ever it is headed . can yall guess what I am talking about ? 
I am happy where I am in my life . I am about to have my < PROPMALE > paid off , and then just save money , so that I can have a little fun while I am home . I thank God evey minute for what I have , for he has been kind to me . I only pray that I stay in his good favor . 
So there's this girl ..... 
\How far down the rabbit hole are you willing to go ? \ " ( the matrix ) " 
There's just something about her .... 
Each day a gift and not a given right , Leave no stone unturned , Leave your fears behind , and try to take the path less traveled . Every second counts , Cause there is no second try , So live it like you will never live it twice . 
Another cold night at tower guard ahead of me , Just me and an afgani taking on the world . lol 
Where is your boy tonight ? I hope he is a gentlemen . Maybe he wont find out what I know , that you where the last good thing about this part of town . 
Our lives at times seem a study in contrast ... love & hate , birth & death , right & wrong ... everything seen in absolutes of black & white . Too often we are not aware that it is the shades of grey that add depth & meaning to the starkness of those extremes 
moving time , Going to a different , COB , because some cooks DO NOT know how to COOK , so we Got to go and teach them how to again , should have paid some kind of attention at AIT ......... Thank you 4319 ! 
Working 14-16 hours days , no real breaks , enough for a cig maybe . Time has slowed down I got to get into a good rythm so that time will fly by yet again . And I cannot wait to go home for that 2 weeks ... 
7 Stiches to the head , an almost constant headache , and Im still workin , Gotta love the life . 
We're the new face of failure , Prettier and younger but not any better off Bullet proof loneliness , At best , at best , The best way To make it through , With hearts and wrists intact , Is to realize , Two out of three ain't bad , Ain't bad . 
( enters Confessional both ) I have found a love for something very special to me now , sadly its name is Supernatural ....... ( scratches neck like a crackhead ) I got to go watch it now !!!!!!!! 
And I cast a spell over the west to make you think of me , The same way I think of you , This is a love song in my own way , Best friends , Ex-friends till the end , Better off as lovers . 
Is it still me that makes you sweat ? Am I who you think about in bed ? When the lights are dim and your hands are shaking as you're sliding off your dress ? 
If we are all at where we are suspossed to be , then why does it not feel right here ? 
If I had but one wish , what would it be ? well you see if I say it , it might not come true . 
Father into your hand , I commend my spirit . Father into your hand , why have you forsaken me ? In your eyes forsaken me , in your thoughts forsaken me , in your heart forsaken me ? Trust in my self righteous suicide . I cry when angels deserve to die ... Trust in my ..... self righteous ..... suicide ... 
... if I had something to say would you even listen anymore , or blow it off as nothing more then mundane words with no meaning behind them ?... 
What on you mind ? Just cannot wait the 3 months till I get to go home !!! 
this Jordanian beside me looks like an afgan , talk like an afgan , and I want to kill him like any other afgan .... is that horrible to say ? because just him talking is pissing me off ..... 
why is it that we live our lives in the past , letting our demons from yesteryear control our decisions of today ? When really the only person/place/thing that is stopping us from being who we want to be is ourselves . So stop comparing yourself to others that have done things that you want to , Go out and do it . And if anyone says that you cannot then that is only motivation to do it . 
Dream the impossible , and make it real . -S.J.J 
Heres a lil song I worte , you might want to sing it note for note , Dont worry be haapy . \ 
In every life we have some trouble , but if you worry you make it double , Dont Worry Be Happy .... Aint got no cash , anit got no style , anit got no gal to make me smile , Dont Worry be Happy . - < PROPMALE > Marley 
Stress lets talk about it , Have you ever been Bombed ? probably not , but guess what , I got the t-shirt for getting bombed ... 
is waiting for a life time , a life time of waiting ? 
Hold me now , I'm six feet from the edge and I'm think'in maybe six feet a'int so far down . Please come now , because I still believe there is something left for you and me . 6 feet from the edge - Creed 
life is nothing more then a slow death , filled with more misery and pain than hope and joy , and no matter what you do one day you will die , and everyone will forget your name . Because even the world will end , and no life will be left , to remember that there was life . ( bad day today , idkw ... ) 
goodnight , hopefully sweet dreams ... 
just a little AMPED up right NOW it is some awesome shit ....... Fucking Afghanistan man . This place drive you crazy , make you not even know what you doing anymore , just walking around , SAME SHIT DIFFERENT DAY MAN ... not to mention every time someone asks what day it is it seems like you have messed like 4 days ... shit this place drive you craaaazzzzyyyy . 
another day in the life . I hate when there are full moons because I get an itchy feeling ...... looks like it was right again .... I dont like it when they are right . I am not even tired , the adrenaline rush was crazy , I felt like I could have almost picked up a small car . Just glad that it is over , thank you Lord for watching over me . ( yet I find myself wanting to knock at the devils door . ) 
circles - Hollywood Undead .... it feels like this , sometimes ... 
... hummm ... Today is today , and tomorrow is tomorrow , and yesterday was yesterday . So just live life , love when you can , and cry if you must , But LIVE and love life . For it is something more beautiful then you can imagine . ( just woke up ) 
everyday is the same but every night is different , things is heating up around here , and not temp wise .... pray for us . 
Promotion ? Yes I'll take one . Got my E-4 today , Specialist < PROPMALE > on deck . 
I really just want to talk to you . 
home ...... 
You have ears , yet you do not hear me . You have eyes , yet you do not see me . You have a mouth , yet you do not call out my name . And I am left shouting yours . 
is thinking about going to Hawaii .... Yeah ... Hawaii ... ( drools on himself , staring into space ) 
If War has gotten anything through my thick skull , it is to be patient , and do not over think problem , because doing so will only make a problem worse . And say only what needs to be said , to get you point across . 
is going to bed .... long day tomorrow ... long day ... 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn . But that's alright , because I like the way it hurts . Just gonna stand there and hear me cry . But that's alright because I love the way you lie . I love the way you lie ... 
Let's see who's paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends ' list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there !! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on my friends ' list actually pays attention . Copy and paste thisas your ...... status . I'll be watching to see who really is . I < PROPFEMALE > family & friendships :) 
it is amazing that I just realized this but I have come to notice that my mom's and her boyfriend , < PROPMALE > , Hair are exactly the same color ..... well at least half of it .... lol 
Just thinking about the time that I have left in the desert , and the short time that I will have at home , but also thinking about how i am going to make the most of it all ..... s/n I have been smiling all day just thinking about all of this 
Alright kiddies it is time for me to go to bed , ill see yall in the morning ..... well evening for me ... 
I don't know about yall , but my family is AWESOME ! 
When I get home I am going to get off the plane and step out the airport looking fly as fuck . 
Sittin over here , cannot stop thinking about home , cannot wait to be there . but dang do i need some sleep . 
About to be there , just a jet plane away . No please no banners , no posters , nothing special . I am just a man doing what he thinks is right , nothing special .... That is , unless yall think that it is absoutly neccessary ... 
HELLO EVERYBODY , guess who is back ??????? THIS GUY !!!!! ( not that quack of a doctor from the simpons ( tv show ) that gets killed by falling glass in the movie , but is somehow back in the tweentih season .... yeah ) 
Life is pretty much great right now ! Yep . 
Life is so worth it always has , always will be . It cannot be stopped it cannot be hindered in anyway , And thanks to the good lord almighty , Thank You Almighty loving Lord God , I swear that Life cannot get any better ... I swear . 
Has had a full two day between flying back and settling in it has been a trip . alright time for bed . see yall tommorrow . 
I do not know what it is but every time that I click on a new link and I look over at the reach out section that is there , the same person has been there for the last 10 times in a row . It must mean something . 
The world is what you make it . You can do anything if you put your mind to it . Learn from your past , so you do not repeat the same mistakes over and over . And always look forward to the future , for it is the only thing that you can shape to your liking . 
ATTENTION ! ATTENTION ! the Song of the Day is Avenged Sevenfold - Seize the Day . 
How awesome is Technology these days ? but then again , How horrible is it ? ( think about it ) 
Goodnight , Afganland . ( the more I am asleep , the less time that I am here . ) 
FUC|{ U FB quizzes for being addictive , I finally fell into the QUIZ TRAP . 
I just want to go back to sleep . Is that to much to ask ? 
The one thing that you always have to remember is what your momma has always told you , \you can do anything if you put your mind to it . \ " Because she is and always will be right . " 
I am about 38,809,008 feet or 7350.2 < PROPMALE > from home , And knowing doesn't make me feel better , because I am 38,809,008 feet/ 7350.2 < PROPMALE > from everything that I love . :( 
NO , NO , NOT THE GUMDROP BUTTONS ! 
I really do not know how I feel nowadays , It is like I am looking for something , even though I know what it is and where it is . I just cannot get to it , no matter how hard that I try , but I will be there soon enough . I cannot wait to be there . :) 
Having a GREAT day , It is like I woke up and everything in my life was good . s/n everyday that I talk to you is a great day . 
I am tired of being nice to people , I am tried of dealing with fake people . I am tried of putting up with other peoples shit , I tried of dealing with fucking shammers , I am tried of pulling more weight then my own . I am just fucking tied of all this BULLSHIT ! From now on I'm do me and only worry about me . Cause I am my own best friend . 
Damn I cannot wait to be out of this Country ..... I hate this place ! 
<---- Just wants to know what is going on . I cannot do this whole thing over again .... :( s/n this has nothing to do about where I am or what I am doing , it is more personal then that .... and no \what is it\ " or \ " whats the Matter\ " or \ " hugs\ " ..... just let me be .... " 
Work about 14 hours today straight , Tired as all get out , But it has been a good day . Cannot wait to get home though and see all the people that I love . 
We all go through trails a tribulations . Some , at the time , seem to much for us to handle . Others are small , but the thing that we all must keep in mind , is that God is the one that carries us during those hard and trying times in our lives and he knows our suffering . And let us never forget that with him we can do anything . 
Just wanted to wish a music legend A happy 70th birthday , < PROPFIRST > Lennon you will be missed . s/n I cannot wait to get out of here , days a creeping by . Just got to keep my head up . :) 
Gratias Domino pro omnibus quae dedisti nobis . 
DUDE ... Teach Me ! 
Thank you everyone for all of your Thanksgiving wishes ! Also I wanted for everyone to know that I had a great Thanksgiving ! ( but let us all remember even though Thanksgiving is over we still need to give thanks to the Lord everyday for everything that we have . ) 
Alright , I just have to say to all of my loved ones that I love you all , and that all of you all special to me . Great friends , Friends , and Haters alike , I would just like to thank all of yall . My computer is broken , operating system failed . 
The only thing stopping you from doing what you want and being what you want , is you . 
Finally back home . I hope that everyone has a great day or night . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! I hope that you all have a blessed and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . But let us also not forget what this day is about : the birth of Jesus Christ our savior and son of our Lord God . Happy Birthday Jesus ! 
has a shit ton of energy and nothing to do ... Any ideas ? 
is getting this party set up . Anyone who want to come can ... We just got to find a spot for it is all ... Any ideas anyone ? 
has been away for a while , been loving it here . just hanging out and catching up . and dang I cannot wait to get this party going . tomorrow night . HELL YEAHHHHHH !!!!! 
\Cause what you don't understand is\ 
im drunk as shit im awesome !! Its great ! i love my sisters 
my sisters are the greatest in the world . I love sweeney < PROPMALE > . I love my life . I love my sisters and i love my momma . I love everyone . Fuck my haters . Love my lovers . I love you lovers . Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > i love you all . I love < PROPFEMALE > !! Salute !! hooah !! 
well i saved our house from burning down , due to a faulty outlet . And a little fyi I am still no hero . 
alright it took me ten good long days to figure out my new year resolution : To keep the good , cut out the bad , stop swearing , stop smoking ( start dipping only(then quit that )) , stop talking about being a better person and just do it , finally obey the < PROPFEMALE > Rule , And get out and live my life to the fullest , and stop worrying so much . last but not least Follow God wholehearted . 
Life is 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your staus so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play ! 
When I told myself and God that I was going to follow him wholeheartedly , I did not know the changes that he would inplace into my life . Nor did i comprend the hardships that I myself would have to endure . lets just say the oldest gospels or sermons where right . Repeant and thou shalt be saved . 
Making up for what I have done , is alot easier then what I thought it would be , I was just to scared to face the music . 
Life is like a box of choclates , you never know what your going to get , unless you look at the map on the back side of the top of the box . but that makes it to easy . 
I believe in Jesus Christ and always will accpet him as my one and only Savior and teacher . For there is only one way into heaven and it is narrow and one , but the road to hell is wide and many . I pray for all of yall that do read this and hope that he can come into your life and start to change you in the ways that he has started to change me . 
ask and you shall recieve , but what if I only want to know why ? 
What would you do with a heart if you had one , what would you do with a brain if you had one , but most of all what is it that you would do if you had the courage to use them ? 
