xmas vacation is over 2morrow , wwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :'( 

its off 2 the beach in like , a half hour , fun fun :) 
im kinda disappointed , ive been looking forward 2 Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen for awhile , it came out 2day & got 1 < PROPFEMALE > , which meens the movie was terrible 
Just got back from laser tag ( Rank 1 baby woo hoo ! ) and ice cream , now im gonna relax & watch a movie 
watched tv for awhile , gonna go 2 bed soon 
Its a lazy monday evening :P 
yay friday 
going to my friends pool soon , then idk 
summers almost over , aaaaaahhhh ! D: 
Have 2 leave for band camp uuuuuhhhhg , see u all after 10 happy hours : { 
is sick , so no school 2morrow yay ! i meen , awwwww 
just got a whole portion of his college project done this morning , yay ! :-D 
I MIGHT GET XBOX LIVE 2DAY :-D 
Goin 2 new york 2morrow = no homework ! 
twas a fun field trip , time for movies , pizza & ice cream XD 
school 2morrow ....... i wish there wasnt 
Happy Friday ! 
working on poetry project , uuuuuuuuhhhggg 
scratch my last post , i looked on the weather website & it said its gonna be partly cloudy & no rain for halloween ! :-D 
I dont have 2 go 2 school 2day !! :-D 
2days gonna be a lazy lazy day ... 
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyy !!!!! Friday !! :-D 
DEATHNOTE FANS WATCH THE VID ON MY < PROPFEMALE > 
just saw the ending of deathnote .......... speachless ........... got a bit teary-eyed 
monday 2morrow , uuuuuhhhhhhhg 
only a 2 1/2 day school week , yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay :-D 
Thanksgiving break is HERE , WOO HOO !! :-D 
Happy Thanksgiving ! :-D 
I love thanksgiving dinner :-) 
I hate Homework 
Christmas is 25 days away !!! :-D 
Weekend is here yipee ! :-D 
there mite be a delay ( or even better no school ) 2morrow , go snow ! :-D 
Happy Snowday !!! :-D :-D 
In Tsukuyomi , time and space , even physical mass , i control them all . 
only 5 days till christmas !!! and over a foot of snow 2nite :-D what could be better 
sunday 
3 days till christmas !! :-D :-D 
2 days till christ mas ! XD 
1 DAY TILL CHRISTMAS !!! 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > evry1 !!! :-D 
no 1 has commented on my hilariously funny profile pic yet ? wow 
< PROPFEMALE > day-before xmas everyone ! :-D 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !! XD 
day after xmas :-( and :-P 
halfway through xmas vacation D: 
happy new years < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ry1 ! 
Well , so long 2010 . Hello 2011 ! 
Well , today is the last day of Christmas Vacation . This does not please me . 
day off 2morrow , yay !! :-) 
uuuhhg , sick :-P 
school 
school , thats whats happening 
ALL A'S & 1 B FOR MY REPORT CARD !!! :-D 
Stuff 
Weekends over :-P 
School & stuff 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland , it was OK , I wish they did it about the book & not this weird future battle thing . < PROPFEMALE > ( the actress was GREAT ) & the Cheshire Cat ( gotta love that grin :-D ) were the best . 
Blah 
We have 4 repeat 4 projects in school going , 1 for the Marking Period , another for Spanish , another for english & yet ANOTHER one for science . All are worth test grades . WHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHY ! We hav lives u know 
weekends rule :-) ( except when u hav 2 work an a STUPID PROJECT ) 
This isn't an argument its just contridiction ! no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is ! Look , an argument is several opinions backed up by facts & evidence , contridiction is just the immidiate yes or no to what the other person says ! no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is no it isnt yes it is ! 
only 1 more week till vacation ! :-D 
im tired 
just got a haircut ( which is less then satisfactory ) 
VACATION IS HEAR :-D 
Blech , the week is here :-P 
Back from < PROPFEMALE > Trip , it was Fun+Exausting+Catching a Cold = A very fatigued Paolo 
Uuuuhhhg , sick :-P 
weekend's here :-D 
Well , my 3 years at HMMS , and my time as an 8th grader are coming to a close , & next year ill be leaving behind most of my friends in high school , & then after that , college . Its kinda creepy to think about , but life goes on , and thats whats on my mind right now , and im telling u because facebook told me so . 
My birthday is tomorrow XD 
I sincerely thank you all :-D u've all made my b-day that much better , u all rock & i promise ill be there for all of ur birthdays :) 
its .............. very ................. hot .................. 
YES ITS NOT HOT ANYMORE 
weekends here , yay 
GOING 2 DC TOMORROW :-D 
Weekends here , yay 
Ok , my final 2 enemies are right in front of me , my English Project and My Portfolio Project . I SHALL SLAY THEM TONIGHT , and then I can can finally breath easily 
MY PROJECTS ARE BEATEN AND OVER !! :-D 
Well , I just had my last Concert at HMMS , its pretty sad that ill never have another one at HMMS , but im looking forward to a good band future . Ill miss all of my band-buddies andmy teachers ( even Ms. Pike , lol ) 
dinner dance was fun last night , ( most ) people looked fantastic , the music was ok ( they had dumb rap blaring the whole time ) , but it was entertaining none the less 
last full week of normal classes , yay ! :-D 
weekends here yay ! :-D 
ANOTHER award ceremony tonight , i received an Honor Roll Award , and an 8th Grade Encore Award , i shall through them onto the pile :-) 
high meadow was pretty fun today , a bit less fun then i thought it'd be but still , fun 
my last weekend at HMMS is here .... 
This is a great tidbit of philosophy i found in < PROPFEMALE > wars ( because i have alot of time and i've devoted some of it to this ) , this is the Sith Code , it reads :\ 
\ 
Peace is a lie , there is only passion . \ 
Through passion , I gain strength . \ 
Through strength , I gain power . \ 
Through power , I gain victory . \ 
Through victory , my chains are broken . \ 
The Force shall free me . \ 
Comment and offer thoughts 
Summer's pretty cool so far , not very eventful though 
Shipping off to Massachusetts in a few hours , cant wait :-) 
air conditioners are going in tonight :-D 
summer is here 
going to a 4th of july picnic soon , should be fun 
today is supposed to be HOT ( tempurature wise ) 
its hard to believe summers already almost half over 
this heat wave is FINALLY starting to break 
well , i'm heading off to my long awaited week long vacation , I'll be back next sunday 
im on vacation & its COOL 
I'm back from my vacation , I'm happy and sad 
Ahh Friday , the best day of the week ( in summer and during school ) 
Ahh Saturday , the second best day of the week ( in summer and during school ) 
monday , yipee 
only twenty-nine days of summer left , eek 
\ ... and those who have heard of it 
One word describes High School Band Camp : Exausting 
Weekend is here 
Ahhh the rain , its very relaxing 
I have band camp from 2:00 pm to 9:00 pm today , its going to be a long afternoon/evening 
Band Camp 2010 is OVER 
Only 1 DAY ( not counting today ) UNTIL SCHOOL STARTS :-( 
Well , summer ( vacation ) comes to a close today for me , it was fun , it was boring , it was good , it was bad , and many other things . Tomorrow i begin my career as a High School student 
First Day of School was good and bad , for varied reasons 
2nd day of school was better than the 1st 
IT IS HOT OUTSIDE 
Hurricane is coming tomorrow FINALLY this heat wave is supposed to break , and , in case you didnt know , Hurricanes are quite hazardous . Hazardous is not good for school ( hint hint ) 
The weather men are LIERS , where is this so called \Big Hurricane\ " huh ? " 
Weekend is here , YAY 
Weekend's almost over , waaaaaa 
Hurray for this short week ( except for the fact that i confuse Monday with Tuesday , etc . ) and hopefully this god-aweful heat will break soon 
T.G.I.F. 
I think i'm getting sick ( that or my allergies are REALLY acting up ) , anyhow , happy Saturday everyone 
It's hard to believe 9 years ago today , we were attacked by terrorists and started this long , grueling conflict in the middle east , i salute those who lost there lives today and the past 9 years to this bloody guerilla war 
Sunday 
I'm definitely sick , and it's unfortunately making this grey , cloudy Sunday even grey-er and cloudy-er 
I am overcoming my cold , yay for being able to breath through my nose 
Tomorrow is going to be a long day , ive got my 1st band Football Game , and HW will be a bit on the heavy side .... 
I just got through my first band football game , it was exhausting , but very fun . The stinking rain wasnt very helpful 
T . G . I . F , woo hoo !!!! 
happy saturday everyone 
Halo : Reach can be described in 2 words-Totally Epic 
These weeks fly by so fast , it seems like yesterday was Monday , but Friday is still a welcome day of the week :-) 
Just got through my first home-band-football game . It was totally AWESOME , but exhausting , and i was sweating buckets . I am going to shower , rest , and relax . 
Sunday is always depressing , being the last day of the weekend 
CT Science Center was interesting , boring sometimes but fun other times 
Uhhgg , the exhaustion of Band , School , etc . is starting to catch up to me , i feel TIRED , & there are things in my life right now that i'm lacking .... 
yipee for the weekend 
ANOTHER school week , it seems like they never end 
thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , ( aside from murdering all of those indians ) for giving us a much needed THREE DAY WEEKEND :-D 
We are just two weeks away from one of my favorite holidays 
Thank God Its Friday 
I have a Lab Report & Math worksheets to do on a Sunday afternoon , not a good combination :-( 
Happy Halloween everybody 
Thank you New Britain for Making NBHS a place where people vote , and giving us a day off 
New wallpaper is being put up , my house smells like paint :-P 
Today I honor all of the people who have fought for , and those who have died for our country . May those who've survived live a long and happy life , and those who didn't rest in peace . 
My last home game was AWESOME , the band sounded fantastic , we had a great time , and the football team actually came close to winning ! ( of course we would have won if not for one stupid football player's screw up ) . Basically , the whole ordeal was great . 
playing Paper < PROPFIRST > & relaxing on a saturday afternoon 
I havent been feeling well today and im feeling worse now . I may call in sick tomorrow 
I saw < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 last night , and , i can happily say , it's one of the best movies ive seen in awhile ( but i do not recommend children under 10 going to see it , it's very , very dark ) . 
Thanksgiving week is upon us :) 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
The countdown to Christmas has officially begun ! 24 days to Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , and 25 days to Christmas Day , I cant wait . 
according to my friends , it is pokemon month . So then i will celebrate it with the best pokemon ever : Darkrai 
It was snowing today ! 
My cold i had last month has returned worse then before . I cant breath through my nose . 
My cold will not quite and is making my day miserable , oh woe is me 
Why must the weather taunt us ? Itll give us freezing tempuratures , but itll be dry , or warm days but itll rain . I want snow ! 
It's Snowing ! 
i had my winter concert this evening , and we sounded GREAT 
Let the Christmas Vacation begin ! 
It's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! And to all a Good Night ! 
finally , now this is snow ! 
I'm bored , and hungry . At least it's friday . 
at my cousin's house , on the computer , while my cousins are killing eachother around me . Ahh family 
Today i engage my friends in an epic game of Axis & Allies : Global 1940 . I shall guide the Wehrmacht to victory , as the < PROPMALE > High Command could not do before me . Seig Heil ! 
oh weather , we of NBHS do not want to take our long , exhausting mid-terms tomorrow . So please , snow snow snow . 
On the < PROPFEMALE > of mid-term week , a bored feeling hits me . 
Preparing for my much-dreaded Geometry exam tomorrow ( unless the weather blesses us with a snow day ) . My question is , WHY IS THERE SO MUCH TO REMEMBER ( the stuff i need is hard to fit on one cheat sheet ) 
Man this winter is relentless . Last year we had , 3 snowdays over the course of a few months , this year we've had 5 in under a month . It's crazy 
Just got a brand new phone . Its a dramatic improvement over my old LG Shine . 
Well , the Packers won the Super Bowl . I was rooting for the Steelers , but it was a good game in general . 
I have to say , the funniest commercial during the Super Bowl was the one with Ozzy Osbourne and < PROPFIRST > Bieber . \ 
Some official person says \its an 8 to 5G network\ " 
Only 73 hours and 45 minutes until Florida ! 
Disney is TOMORROW 
-4 hours to disney ! 
Disney was absolutely , positively AWESOME . However awesome it was though , im glad to be back home in my own warm , soft bed and a more private bathroom . To all who havent been to disney , GO . To all who have , i know what you mean now . 
The Rain makes bus rides very wet . Of course on the day that its pouring rain the bus isnt where it normally is , so i have to look for it , and finally when i get on , im sitting under the leaking-roof-trap-door . I looked like i jumped in a pool when i got home . 
I spent my Saturday evening solving crisis and fixing legos . Not the most exciting Saturday night of my my life but , ehh . 
the CAPT test is screwing with my schedule for the next week , should be interesting . Thankfully not too much HW tonight , and today was quite warm , spring is on the way (-: 
T . G . I . F 
My nasty Sinus Infection has returned . Calling in sick tomorrow . And I cant breath through my nose . 
This week went by pretty fast , with CAPT and everything . It felt like last Friday was 2 days ago , but i'll always be ready for another Friday ! 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Parade was really , really fun . And Performing in it was even better . People do the weirdest things when theyre drunk though ... 
I've transitioned from wearing a thick winter coat to a Autumn Jacket , Spring is not far away ! (-: 
Top o ' the Mornin ' to ye , tis St. Patricks Day ! 
Spring begins today ! We are therefore one season closer to summer (-: 
the weather needs to MAKE UP ITS MIND . I mean , a week ago it was 70 degrees and nice , then it was freezing cold , then warm again , and it snowed last night . Now the snow is gone and its nice out . Seriously is it winter or spring ? 
Just got a hair cut . Its still long , its not drastically different , but it is different . ad it looks waaayy better . 
The weekend is here , ive got no HW , and the weather is supposed to be 60 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > . I couldnt be happier :-) 
We are officially half-a-schoolweek closer to the wekend 
Watched \Ben-Hur\ " with very funny friends tonight in honor of Easter . Does Charlton Heston do anything other then religious movies ? " 
One more week till vacation and 2 more weeks to my birthday . The stars must have aligned this year , my birthday is during vacation and on a friday . 
My parakeet < PROPFEMALE > , whom ive had since i was 6 , is going in for surgery tomorrow . I love her , and hope with all my heart that she comes out of it ok . :'( 
< PROPFEMALE > is alive ! < PROPFEMALE > is Alive ! No more tumor ! :-D 
I love the rain , its nice , relaxing , and calm . I only hate it when im out in it . 
SPRING BREAK 2011 IS HERE ! :-D 
just ended an awesome party with Indiana Jones : The Last Crusade . I think ill pack it in for the night 
darn i have to get up for school tomorrow , oh right , im on vacation ! :D 
been playing Call of Duty : World at War . Berlin , Germany in April/May 1945 was not a very nice place to be . 
Thank you to everyone who said happy birthday , it made my birthday all the better :) 
Happy Easter everyone ! 
Just got back from Church , im happy to say the weather has improved 
It is getting almost uncomfortably hot outside , summer may not be so far away 
Its Friday ! ( and PLEASE no one start singing that song ) 
< PROPFEMALE>' me tell you < PROPFEMALE>' evil scheme\ 
I'm gon ' enslave your minds with a predictab < PROPFEMALE > melody\ 
An uncomplicated rhyme , but if I asked you to\ 
You'd even change your name to Amy\ 
' Cause your all , gonna yodelodelodelobey me\ 
Ahh Doofenshmirtz :) 
Wow ... Osama bin Laden is dead 
just beat Mass Effect 2 , SHEPARD FTW !! 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > Wars Day everyone , May the 4th be with you ;) 
