forgeting is half the battle . sorry bout ur cars < PROPMALE > . 

he beats his fist apon the post and still insists he sees the ghost . 
Want something sweet . Like a cookie . Gah . 
my brain feels like i put it in the blender for an hour and poured it back into my skull . gah . 
i used to look foward to saturday mornings . make a big breakfast and mabey watch some cartoons with < PROPMALE > . now i work every saturday .... i fucking hate working 6 days a week ... the pay is nice tho . 
is it sad that the only thing i want in the world is a kinddle ? im such a fucking book worm . 
boredom & frustration 
so i am finaly willing to admit my eyes are green becuse 3 people have told me that within the last week . gah . and this whole time i thought they were blue . 
the number one reason i love my new apartment ... i have been home for an hour and a half and just barly realized i didnt turn on the ac ... i wasnt even uncomfortable . i just realized how quiet it was . 
i woke up in a mexican jail last week . my bail was 5 bucks and my Nike's , what kind of bull shit is that ? 
dont cross the street if you cant get out of the kitchen . -boondock saints 
life is so much easyer when everything is so hectic that the time goes by like nothing ... i hate summer . 
< PROPFIRST > is giving me a clean divorce . plus joint custody . i am happyier than i have ever been . besides the day < PROPMALE > was born ofcorse . 
ta-da to the 3rd power . 
they put add in paper for drivers so i have been non stop busy .... i hate this shit . \ 
\ 
You can reach me at 4805841367\ 
--------------------------------------------- \ 
Sent by a Cricket mobile device\ 
--------------------------------------------- 
if only dinner could make itself . sigh . oh well back to being mom . 
when all else fails leave it to katies random pictures of partys past to come back to bite me in the ass . lol . 
warning to all . avoid < PROPFEMALE > like the plage . its a bad day and i might just bite your head off . just a warning . 
im doing better now . not mad anymore . 
can someone tell me why it feels like wednesday night on a saturday night ? i swear its like a tootsie pop . we will never know how many licks 
if posible avoid ever being in a line at a state office . fuck that shit . 
when the real world begins to seem more like bad tv i remind myself that i can always change the < PROPFEMALE > . 
the definition of homophobia- the irrational fear that 3 fags will break into your house and redecorate . 
god invented liquor so the < PROPFEMALE > wouldnt rule the world 
i like it on my night stand or on my kitchen counter but somtimes the bathroom floor is ok . 
i feel sorry for blind tweakers . can you imagin how parinoid they are ? 
i had my first bolngna sandwitch since i was a little kid today , it made me realize i really hate bolngna . 
i miss when cartoons had wit to them . now i can feel my brain melting watching < PROPFEMALE > and sponge < PROPMALE > . 
all i do is stick around the < PROPFEMALE > goes up and the sun goes down and all i do is stick around . 
at dbacks game with my dad and lil dude . ground seats ! 
early in the morning , rising to the street .... < PROPFEMALE > this one is for you . light me up that ciggeret ... 
YOUR MY BOY BLUE ! 
after listening to H.I.M. i feel like a rape victim 
try exsplaining the < PROPMALE > horror picture show to your co-workers and see if they dont look at you like your a freak . 
let us not forget all the lab rats that fell in the line of duty just to supply ur whore red lipstick . 
the sadd little things that can make my day . like fixing the white out roller ... sigh . 
FYI : the term whore no longer applys , it now is a \discounted pre-used companion . " 
Thank you < PROPMALE > ! if it wernt for u and evil fart i would have never known my youtube was working on my phone again . 
my coworkers new car smells of failed hopes and dreams i guess thats what u get with a 92 ' toyota camry . 
laughing eyes are staring me down . 
is it just me or does it seem like the days are really geting shorter and melting together ? like i swear it is still june but the calendar tells me diffrent . 
I have dicided that i AM buying a kindle 3G this comming march ! i cant wait ! 
grab your < PROPMALE > and double click for porn porn porn ! 
my divorce is today at 8:15 . wish me luck . ill keep you all posted . 
im divorced . 
why is it that every time i want to just end it and forget everything i get that call that changes everything . when everty thing is finally ok you call and ruin it all . 
they offered me cocain to vote macain ! - < PROPMALE > james(cocains one hell of a drug ... ) 
when life gave you lemons you made lemonade , when my life gave me lemons i went out to get vodka . see the diffrence ? 
corect me if im wrong but all people should come with a mute button . 
the ugly truth- we are the ones who look to corrupt your children , To feed on their innocence and distroy their morals . We are the < PROPFEMALE > companys of < PROPFEMALE > and we are after your first born . 
i fucking love pinapple upside down cake martini's! 
pisst .... can u hear that ? do you know what that is ? its the pitter patter of people getting shit done . now wake the fuck up ! 
Fair warning to all women who divorce thier husbands . If he does not leave the house your underwear will go missing . yes i know it is very gross . 
have you ever gotten youself in a letuce fight ? it not a pretty sight . 
need a bed ! < PROPFEMALE > or larger please . im willing to pick it up and pay . 
what sickens me ... i pay all the bills . but when i walk into my apatment i know its not mine . when i go to my own room i feel like im on enemy ground . 
good news of the day . my divorce charges were waved . i dont have to pay for my divorce . 
i like my women like i like my coffee . ground up and in the frezzer .... 
lmao im 21 years old and still get giddy when i make a bowl of pops ..... 
girl , this nigga brought < PROPMALE > too ..... 
soda is not good for you . you drink it and then you want more and more . the next thing you know your smoking . 
if the day you came out of your mom is called your birthday then what do you call the day you went in ? 
Holy shit ! the puddles at my apt are frozen over ! 
< PROPFIRST > has signed himself off the lease and out of my life . thankyou to all who firmly slaped me up side the head when i was about to give up . 
so its official , < PROPFEMALE > is taking her first vacation in two years . all next week . so hit me up if you wana < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
just got a new tattoo . expect pics whenever i stop being lazy and take one . 
strangest conversation i ever heard\ 
1st dude-\ya know what its like when you take such a big shit that \ 
We have the rest of our lives to get it right . 
my kindle came in ! ekkkkkkkkkkkk ! 
oh my fucking god I can go on face book on my kindle . once again . ekkkkk1 
am I the only person alive who hates it when my mom tricks me into a phone conversation ? 
would any one like some sidedick ? lage or small portion ? 
she's leaving and taking the mattress . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s long ass rant of the day is actually going to make Facebook . for the 1st time in one day . mind you in one hour i was hit on by three count em three fucking guys when i had my son in hand . what the fuck is that ? one guy said he didn't mind the kid and that he liked a fucking challenge . i swear to fucking god if < PROPMALE > wasn't with me heads would have rolled . 
I bet ull never find a chiller gay like me . 
I just got the greatest news ever . we got a second opinion on < PROPMALE>'s hearing . turns out he is partially deaf on both ears . they are trying to put tubes in by thursday . they also said by thursday night he should start hearing again , and within a week he could be talking . EKKKKKKK ! 
\ya ever had your ass hole licked by a fat man in a rain coat ? \"" 
I want sushi so bad that it hurts ! Gah ! And I work till 8:30 tonight ! Fuck my life . \ 
< PROPMALE > just got his tubes . they said there was a lot of thick fluid but he should be fine and heading home in 20 < PROPFEMALE > . 
its beyond amazing . he can actually hear me . i can sit next to him an talk and he isnt just looking everywhere in the room . he looks me in the eye . he is happy even thou i know he is sore . i am so happy i dont know what to do . thank you to everybody for your advice . 
cruzing down the street in my 64 jocking the bitches n slapin the hoe's ... 
I love sushi so much that if I could impregnate it I would seriously consider eating its offspring ... too far ? 
I feel so bad I wanna go home but I can't afford it . I am now officially starting an \send < PROPFEMALE > home for the day to get better fund \"" 
GOT MY FLOGGING < PROPFEMALE > TICKETS TODAY !!!!!!!! 
who could find a better man who brings his girl ice cream in bed without her asking ? 
guess who has two thumbs is taking a bath and watching a movie ? this gal ! i fucking love wifi ! 
is it just me or did shutter island end on an very abrupt note ? 
< PROPFEMALE > ! you dont have to sell your body to the night ..... 
ive had my laptop a little over a month now and i just thought to look to see what games it has on it . 
I feel like I don't do enough with my son < PROPMALE > when I have him ( monday thru monday every other week ) any suggestions on what I can do with him that won't break my bank ? 
I'm so pooped I'm not sure ifi want to go to flogging < PROPFEMALE > tomorow ..... alas tomorow is another day . 
my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is so < PROPFEMALE > that when he nuts in his girl she births full bottle of jameson . 
im tierd and i wana go home . i really really really wanna go to bed ! i had a little drink about an hour ago and it went strait to my heat .......... im tierd and i wanna go home .. 
my god < PROPFEMALE > the exsplorer is on netflix . < PROPMALE > is layed out on my in a daze watching season one 
another sunday morning with my baby . 
I need a smoke ! Gah . 
i miss how easy life used to be . ah to be codependent again . things were so much easier when i was under my dads roof . then again i hated my step family ..... cut faby and her kids out and i would love to go back to that for a month . lol . well probly not but its a nice thought . 
as some of you know I have a co-worker who shares the same name as me . she had the nerve to not only attempt correcting me on how to spell our name but spell it wrong at the same time . its only four letters long , this happened 3 hours ago and I'm still dying laughing 
A man walks into bathroom and grabs two asprin then walks up to his prudish wife . he shoves them into her mouth , she shouts \what did you just put in my mouth\ " . he replies \ " asprin\ " . she yealls back \ " I don't have a head ack\ " . he then smiles and said \ " that's all I needed to hear \"." 
Im am completely surprised , after marrying a Mexican i still have perfect credit . Im fucking baffled . 
i personally believe that you learn something new every day till the day you die . i was blessed to learn two things tonight . one- never eat soup that you made on Thursday and think it is still good Tuesday . two- soup tastes the same coming back up as going down . gross . 
who all is going to pride ? I think I might only go on saturday . I'm hella broke ! 
i just heard the worst thing ever . some mom was taking her kids to school and she told them both \to more is Saturday you know and i could wake up extra early and leave you forever . \ " her kids started crying so hard it was completely pathetic of her to manipulate them like that . " 
do you ever catch yourself thinking stupid shit ? like I was just thinking I can't handle a pet how could I watch it and feed it and keep it alive ..... I have a fucking kid , same fucking thing exsept no tags . 
so my phone is on random and colt 45 comes on at 420 ..... wierd shit right ? 
after not watching tv for over a year I realized today why its been so long . waiting 7 minutes for the commercials to brain wash me into buying the new mcdonalds chicken sandwich , make my will online , alstate selling me life insurance , non drowsy alegra and stupid shows I will never care to see . tv I don't miss you at all . 
a lazy daze can be dangers for any girl who wears contacts , and a empty pack of smokes is dangers for her crew . 
twilight zone hit netflix ! yeah < PROPMALE > ! 
you gotta love teleology . i just sent my grandmother and mother an ass load of pics of < PROPMALE > threw Walgreens.com without even touching a stamp and get this for only $2.85 that included shipping and handling . 
titanic two ? what the fuck is this world coming to ? 
my mother just bet me 100 dollars that within 10 years we will be able to send pictures from one cell phone to the other . i didn't have the heart to tell her she is about 6 years behind the times . 
Who likes sandwiches ? < PROPFEMALE > does ! 
don't agree to grow up because when u do your days off automatically become chore days .... gah . 
FACT : milky ways were purly invented for women on their menstrual cycle . 
completely amazed at the fact that most of my friends that openly talk shit about Myspace have been on in the last 30 days . i had a reason to find my < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > but fuck . really guys ? stick with what you say and dont get sucked in for even a second to Myspace , OOo mob wars . brb . lmao but for real quit it ! 
