Any year that begins on a Friday has to be good ! 

spent 7 hours doing homework today and still not done ! I thought this was supposed to be summer !!! 
just bought textbooks for the last time ( I hope) ! 
suffers from a caffeine hangover ... never again , Barq's root beer , never again . 
wants people to know that the best occupational therapists are grateful , considerate people . 
10 days until I get my summer back ! 
is feeling the burn ... who knew wall push-ups could be so effective ? 
brownies = stress relief . 
it's about time you got here , summer break ! 
is wondering what month it is . 
didn't know I was an all-you-can-eat buffet for mosquitoes . 
can't stop eating homemade pizza ! 
is so irritated by the Weather Channel radar . How can a green blob just magically appear & disappear ? I thought they were supposed to be weather experts . 
is making peach crisp with fresh peaches from the orchard ! 
just went on my first motorcycle ride and absolutely loved it ! 
Happy Lefty Day !!! 
is hoping that cleaning the bathroom for an hour and a half counts as exercise . 
don't know what to do with myself when I'm showered and ready before 2 pm . Next week is gonna be hard . 
word of the day : behemoth . Go figure . 
is starting my last first day of college EVER !!! 
doesn't like Mondays . It's not fun to get home at a time when I'm usually in bed ! 
thinks that the best surprises come in small packages ... like getting to spend my day with baby < PROPFEMALE > ! 
feels like I'm suffocating , and it's only the 3rd week of school ! :O 
My ear keeps ringing -- but when I pick it up , there's no one there ! 
Shooting at the walls of heartache , I am the warrior ... if I survive -- my theme song for graduate school . 
a hot bath , some hot chocolate , and a big warm robe , and maybe I'll warm up from the ice box that is the Dizney Building . 
just about the time you start taking life too seriously , you find yourself behind a giant plastic chicken ! 
Wool Festival today ! Better get out the boots ! 
' s brain is failing her . :{ 
is so STINKIN EXCITED !!! Pinch me ... am I awake ? 
walked 1 mile today for Alzheimer's . 
is hoping I'm not the only one who just can't be productive this week . 
should be minoring in Medicare ! 
loves hearing NAYNEE !! when I go to the door ! 
is so very apathetic towards school . I loathe it today . 
is eating a hearty lunch so I can last until 10 pm . 
thinks it's so fitting of my life now to be 5 blocks from home and stuck behind a slow moving train . 
has my 3rd and final cap and gown set (+ hood to protect the thousands of dollars investment that is my brain ) , hoping this is motivation enough to keep chuggin through to the end of the semester ! 
finds it impossible to work when my cat is acting like a naughty 2 year old ! 
is taking a sensory break . The caffeine I needed to keep me awake enough to study is making me looney . 
Thanks to our veterans and our police & firefighters , who keep us safe every day ! 
would just rather have class next week . Three hours of discussion is better than an entire afternoon of reading and bloging !! 
was almost hit on the way home today . TGIF ! 
is officially tearing apart AOTA's branding campaign slogan via Trends paper . Ahhhh ... 
had a wonderful birthday ! Thanks everyone for my birthday wishes ! God is good !! 
struggles . 
Praise God for I am < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ly blessed ! 
If I've worked on homework for 12 of the last 13 days , I should have been done by now , right ? No such luck ! 8P 
just got my comp exam questions . WTF ? WHO in the world came up with these ? I think the general one is more specific than the specific one ! UGH ! This is SO fitting of our department . I guess it would be too much to ask for a question that makes sense ? 
got the second draft of the special project back via email . I guess its pretty hard for a cat to puke on that . 
now has my first Level II placement and is super excited about it ! Ahhh ... relief . :] 
is purging . 
can't have her own opinion anymore . She is tired of citing every thought she has ( Grayson , 2009 ) . 
Happy Birthday Jesus ! 
wishes my precious , sweet niece a happy 2nd birthday today !! 
Does anyone know of a good place to purchase scrubs and a lab coat in the Georgetown/Lexington area ? 
I don't know what to do with a snow day when I don't have homework to do . It's a bit unsettling . Maybe I'll get a textbook out for old time's sake ... 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate ! ( But we can still say THANKS for their love ......... and support !!! ) 
is practicing different ways to pull up pants . It's the little things ... that's what I love about OT ! :D 
loves how much God loves me ! No matter how far away I go at times , He's right there for me when I turn to Him ! <3 
If you ? and appreciate your sister , copy and paste this to your status !!!! I <3 my May May ! 
Doppelganger week .. during this week , change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like . 
Tae < PROPMALE > , Pilates , and shoveling snow should never be done in the same day . :P 
is so very blessed . 
isn't ready to say goodbye . 
is ready for round 2 ! 
Little ones to Him belong . 
enjoyed celebrating my nephew's birthday today . I can't believe he will be 10 tomorrow !! 
Enter Physical Therapy and Occupational Therapy students into patient's room . Students introduce selves . Patient : \Oh ... so one's occupational and one's physical ... so one of you is gonna teach me how to run and the other is gonna teach me how to cook ! \"" 
The blue line represents all law enforcement who daily protect this nation . The black background was designed as a constant reminder of our fallen officers . 
\Every small accomplishment is a < PROPMALE > defeat . \ " < PROPFEMALE > words from a patient of mine today . " 
needs this weekend so bad ! 
It was a great night for a motorcycle ride ! 
finally made it ! 
OT friends : What are you using for evidence of completion of education/fieldwork requirements for temporary licensure ? Someone at KBLOT told me to send a transcript ( but they're not official yet ) . Is that what others are using ? 
There's no god like Jehovah !! I love my God !!! 
, OTR/L 
It's Lefty Day ! 
Carrot cake contains veggies , so there's no need to feel guilty about eating a big piece before bed ... 
is excited about lunch with < PROPFEMALE > Bower at Panera ! 
Just another manic Monday ! 
is making french toast with sourdough bread from Cracker Barrel !! 
Feels like a good night to test out the fireplace ! 
It's Halloween and Wal-Mart is putting up its giant Christmas Tree at \ 
the front door . Funny . I could have sworn there was another holiday \ 
before Christmas ... 
put out a fire today ! 
has a large lordosis ... or so I was told . 
It's\ 
' LOVE MY SISTER ' week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , \ 
wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , \ 
cheered you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing Sister ! I ? My Sister < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Managed to get the Christmas Tree up only having to stop 3 times to pull decorations out of < PROPFEMALE>'s mouth ! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . THIS IS FOR THE FIGHT AGAINST VIOLENCE TOWARDS CHILDREN 
Enjoying my floating holiday very much ! Watching Christmas movies on the couch with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I made my first official splint at work today ! 
The God of the good times is the God in the bad times . The God of the day is still God in the night . 
and the terrible , horrible , no good , very bad day 
Me : \So 
should put Nordic Track on speed dial since I have to give them step-by-step instructions on how to do their job every week . 
is NOT from the deep South , even though I apparently sound like I am . 
I believe in Jesus Christ and have accepted Him as my personal Savior . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father at the Gates of Heaven . This is simple . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , re-post . Are you willing to show your love for God ? 
is a proud Aunt x 3 !!! 
Sweet hour of prayer ! Sweet hour of prayer ! \ 
Thy wings shall my petition bear\ 
To Him whose truth and faithfulness\ 
Engage the waiting soul to bless . 
