Going to < PROPFIRST>'s First Alarm for some karaoke . Come on down and watch me make an ass of myself . 

Got dumped via text message yesterday . She was right , I was losing interest . Why can't I find a woman who is not down on herself . If you like me don't put yourself down in front of me . Men like women with confidence too . 
She thinks my dice collection is hot . 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s First Alarm tonight for some karaoke . Come up and laugh at me . It's at 7800 < PROPFEMALE > if you don't already know . 
If you had the choice of being able to fly or turn invisible which would you choose ? 
I wish people could just let life be the way it is and stop trying to control everyone and everything 
Feeling powerless sucks until you realize that you're not . 
Into a mind free from thought and emotion the tiger finds no room to insert it's ferosious claws 
Wow < PROPMALE > reality check . The skinny guy is hyoglycemic . Looks like I'll be checking my blood sugar on the regular . Thank you to everyone who helped me last night . Good job < PROPFEMALE > on checking my pulse . That's what I would have done first . 
I hate when I hurt the people I love . I'm an asshole sometimes and I'm sorry to anyone I've hurt and dind't know it . If I did know it and I didn't appoligize yet . I am sorry 
A heartless creature is a loveless creature , and a loveless creature is a beast . To be a beast is perhaps bearable , although the man who has become one will surely pay hell's own price in the end , but what if you should gain your object ? What if you should , heartless , actually storm the Dark Tower and win it ? If there is naught but darkness in your heart , what could you do except degenerate from beast to monster ? 
Thank you to all my fellow MT's . I had a great time last night . I ecspecially need to thank the person who came up with the idea for all of us to get together . You really made this an amazing weekend . I love you all 
Thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes . Tonight should be a great party . 
