Happy New Year ! 

is doing laundry , getting ready for the trip to Morro Bay . 
is headed to Morro Bay . 
is shopping for a new bike for < PROPFEMALE > . 
is watching Extreme Engineering . 
is dropping the daughter off at cheerleading camp . She is quite dissatisfied with the pajama like clothes she has to wear at camp . 
is tired and not going to the gym today . 
went to the gym anyways and is super tired now . 
tried to go down to Tempe Town Lake a little too late and was diverted to the north with all the other masses of cars trying to get there . We ended up watching a fantastic fireworks display in a Fry's parking lot on < PROPFIRST > Rd and then going to the Cheese 
set < PROPFEMALE > up with her own bathroom and we are both loving it . 
is drinking a big glass of red wine from < PROPFEMALE > Valley . 
Although Prescott claims the preivilege of being the first Arizona territorial capital , that honor rightly belongs to the little community of Chino Valley , 15 < PROPMALE > to the north on Highway 89 . 
Should I go rafting on the Salt River or stay home and clean the house today ? 
is using the lawn vac in the rocks out front . My neighbors will be happy to see the piles of leaves gone . 
went tubing on the Salt River today . Fun ! 
wonders what's for dinner . 
fingers hurt from hand sewing < PROPFEMALE>'s cheer uniform . 
is staying at the nastiest Days Inn . The Motel 6 across the way is looking very appealing . 
just got out of the Def Leppard concert in < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . They rocked ! 
is getting fantastic customer service from < PROPFIRST > Gibbs with < PROPFIRST > Fence and Gate . Chandler is replacing my block wall that faces the Western Canal . They are putting in a gate so I will have access to the canal . :) 
is going to the Apple store to buy < PROPFEMALE > a iPod touch for her birthday . The little lady is lucky to have a birthday that falls immediately after the announcement that they will be selling the 32GB for the same price as the 16GB . Unlucky for me that they don't have any at Costco yet . 
< PROPFEMALE > lost her last tooth ! 
spent the weekend in Prescott at the Sky-Y camp . I was disappointed I didn't find any good hiking trails . Everywhere where I walked , I ended up wondering onto someone's property . 
needs Extracurricular Tax Credits to help send < PROPFEMALE > to Indianapolis with her school band . If you live in Arizona , you can give $200 if single and $400 if married and you get 100% back on your tax return . Please contact me if your ECA Tax Credit is still available . 
is making green chili lasagna for dinner . It just sounded good and will be my first try . Hopefully it turns out okay . 
wishes she had < PROPFEMALE > Bledsoe's amazing Broccoli Salad recipe right now . Broccoli , sunflower seeds , raisins , dressing . What am I missing ? 
is considering fixing up my mom's old 1964 1/2 Ford Mustang for < PROPFEMALE>'s first car . 
Oktoberfest at the Ivins !! 
Metropolitan Youth Sympony first concert of the season tonight !! 
< PROPFEMALE > got her braces on today . Pictures coming soon . 
is entertained by the chop shop in the garage . The car has no interior , hood , lights , bumper , etc . They are disassembling under the hood right now . I had no idea that we could strip the car in a weekend . The body will be ready to send out for media blasting in no time . 
is enjoying all the Christmas lights popping up down the streets . 
Thanks to all my friends for the birthday wishes ! 
Had my first root canal this morning . Darn Halloween < PROPFEMALE > . At least the tooth is no longer throbbing . :) 
Home from round two with the root canal . That's right , this root canal took two days ( well , two - 2 1/2 hour appts ) to get my crazy curved roots cleaned out . Yesterday , I felt great after my appt . Not so fortunate today . I'm hurting and I feel swimmy and nauseous . Supposed to go to work and can't afford to be missing work , but have been instructed not to drive . I guess when it rains , it pours . 
appreciates the ability to telecommute . I got so much work done while staying home today . RSA token , you are my friend . 
Like every Wednesday night , I'm off to band practice . 
made homemade spiced orange butter for a Christmas party . I was shooting for whipped cream , but ended up with butter . It was excellent on sliced bagette . 
feels great ! I've had a < PROPMALE > accomplishment at work and am starting a two week vacation . I'm going to enjoy the lack of stress for awhile . 
My power steering pump just started whining . It's not loud , just a soft whine . I hope it lasts on our trip to my Dad's . 
is on a mission to get the car in tip top shape before heading to California . Yesterday , oil change and new fuel filter ( mud poored out , yuck ) . Today , brake check and new spark plugs and wires . 
will not go back to Brake Masters . They just give me the creeps . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
My younger brother < PROPFIRST > rocks . He helped me change the spark plugs and wires on my Taurus this afternoon . We broke the EGR valve backpressure transducer and also had too replace it . Even with the added repair , I saved a bundle not taking it to a shop . Thanks < PROPFIRST > !! 
buff 
has the worst migraine . No sleep for me . 
The Bean ate another pair of < PROPFEMALE>'s high heels . They are a favorite treat of hers . :( 
I ran over a monster riding a motorcycle because I can't control myself . 
found a large beehive in my ficus tree . 
is taking < PROPFEMALE > to Regional auditions this morning . Good luck < PROPFEMALE > ! You'll do great ! 
finished day one of the PE review course . We covered pu calculations , pf correction , and symmetrical components ... all good stuff . I'm glad it is truly review and not new to me . It's coming back to me and I can easily work the problems . 
If you dont care about your friend's farm , fish , park , or mafia , please feel free to hide or block the application so you won't see their posts anymore . 
is home alone on this Friday evening . < PROPFEMALE > is in Indianapolis ( Thanks < PROPFEMALE >!) and < PROPFIRST > is hanging out with the boys . I should do chores or study , but I think I'll just relax . 
got a smoking deal on an auto rotisserie for the Mustang . 
< PROPFEMALE > is home from Indianapolis . She had tons of fun and thought Indianapolis was beautiful . Upon arriving in Indianapolis , the kids from Phoenix laughed at her when she got off the plane and put on her coat , gloves , and beanie . She laughed even harder when they stepped outside and started shivering . 
bought my teenage daughter a new cell phone today . She now has unlimited text and talk on my plan . The poor girl . (: I remember having only 200 minutes and telling people , \I can't talk long . I'm on my cell and don't want to over my minutes . \"" 
drove up to Apache Lake with < PROPFIRST > and the kids . We had lunch at the < PROPFEMALE > . The waiter was brutally honest , which was hilarious . He told me the water was gross and they weren't serving the kids ' burritos anymore because they were dry and shriveled up . He also told < PROPFEMALE > she'd hate her Boca Burger when he set it down in front of her . We were busting up . 
I just realized that hardly anyone can see my Wall . I post so many game posts that I think people don't want to see , that I've managed to block people from seeing all the other stuff . I thought I was filtering content , not people . Sorry to those of you who may have thought that I was blocking you on purpose . 
wants to sell the house . 
I am taking the Principles and Practices of Engineering ( PE ) exam in Power Engineering tomorrow . Please pray that I get a good night's rest and am clear headed for the exam . It is my first try and hope to pass only taking it once . Wish me luck ! 
Well , the PE exam is over . I get my results in about 12 weeks . It could go either way . I now know what I'm weak on after taking the exam and will know what to study for the October exam if I need to re-take . Let's hope that is not the case though . :) 
The house has a main line stoppage . We tried to snake the main line from the driveway , but water isn't draining . Looks like I'll be waiting for a plumber tomorrow . 
We have full use of all the plumbing in the house again . The plumber cut roots out of the line . I so wish it had been a big nasty clump of hair over roots ! Now I have to keep the roots from destroying the line . Bummer . 
I've been chauffeur all night for < PROPFEMALE > and friends for formal . First to dinner , then to the dance , and now bowling . I would love to go to sleep , but I need to pick them up from Cosmic Bowling at 1:00 am . 
forgot purse and phone at home with no time to go home to retrieve them . ): 
had a great day in < PROPMALE > . 
is on the way home ! 
just watched a guy stick his orange peels in the pocket of the airplane seat in front of him . I'm pretty sure that isn't a trash pocket . 
is studying for open water diving certification . < PROPFIRST > , the kids , and I are taking the class together . I love that the kids can't bicker with each other under water . 
I passed the PE Exam ! 
Took Beanie to get her Rabies shot . Vet says she's fat ... shocker . She needs to lose 10 pounds . She was so well behaved and didn't bark at any of the other dogs . Now , I just need to vacuum out all the white dog hair off the black car seats . 
Off to recycle the cans . Hopefully I get more than $3.00 back . 
A house is on fire down the street at < PROPMALE > and Brown in Mesa . Everyone is out watching the fire department at work . I'm waiting for the news to start reporting on it . 
feels no need to keep up with the Joneses . 
is trying acupuncture for migraines . The Mayo Clinic recommends it , so I thought it is worth a shot . 
just bought a new bottom freeze refrigerator ! I will be so glad to be rid of the side by side . I just hope the new one fits . I'll have to remove the overhead cabinets if the frig is too tall . 
The new frig arrived . It fits !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is so jealous of < PROPFIRST>'s new phone . Haha kid ! 
It has been a problematic evening . First off , I got a flat tire . It took AAA two hours to show up to put the spare on . I tried changing the tire myself , but couldn't get the lug nuts off . Then , the AC unit on my roof decided to have electrical problems . It tripped the breaker and then started sparking when the breaker was reset . Not a good night . :( 
The AC compressor is shot . Looks like the home warranty company may replace the whole unit . Hopefully the warranty company approves the replacement and gets one installed sooner than later . It's getting hot in here . 
It is officially hot in here : 97 degrees . 
At least another 3 to 5 days until the AC will be fixed . :( 
I still have to wait until Monday or Wednesday for the AC to be fixed . If the unit comes in today , they will install on Monday . If it comes in on Monday , they'll install on Wednesday . I'm not enjoying the wait in the Phoenix heat ! 
The weather is being kind . 
My air conditioner is being replaced right now ! In a few hours , I'll have a cool house . I can't wait ! 
Customer Service Minute - The home warranty company just called to make sure I was happy with the AC installed . They gave me a < PROPMALE > SEER 13 packaged heat pump . It's looks nice , runs quiet and my house is cool ! I'm happy . 
I am Burritos . 
wants to go to Arizona Fall Frenzy . Sublime with Rome , Primus , Weezer , Devo ... 
When the water softener exploded , why couldn't it have at least destroyed the carpet ? I am now without a wall that I was happy with , but the carpet I would love to have replaced survived . 
It's raining here in barely Chandler . 
wants to learn how to knit . 
loves the Flip Fold . 
Does anyone have any information on a service ? Will one be held in Truckee or Phoenix ? 
I would be soooo fat if I was at a conference everyday . They feed us so much food . 
I'm painting the trim on my house . I'm on the third weekend of patching and painting . The house sure does look nice now . 
is sitting at LAX , waiting for my flight home . 
Managed to make it home without harming the blabber blabbers seated in front of me . 
wants to be in two places at one time . 
stomach is gurgling loudly while in a meeting . Yikes ! 
Nerds rock ! 
hulu for Roku ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , why ? 
I'm not crazy about my new hair cut , but I'll have to see it dried naturally before I can truly judge the do . 
is at the AZ State Marching Band Championships . Go Dobson ! 
Congratulations < PROPMALE > Thye and Desert Vista for winning State . 
Why do divorced parents feel compelled to turn their children against the other parent ? People can be so bitter .... 
I like that I can like my own status . 
The new carpet pad stinks ! 
spent the day at the RC races with the boys . 
going to the full < PROPFEMALE > hike at Usery . Anyone want to join us ? 
... just trying to take over the world . 
I'm taking < PROPFEMALE > Happy Thanks-saving Shopping if she wakes up . 
hast keine Lust . 
One of the best things about facebook is seeing all the pictures of the new generation . I love seeing pictures of my friends kids . <3 
went to the Las Noches de las Luminarias at the Desert Botanical Garden to celebrate my birthday . It was beautiful . 
is headed to Albuquerque for the week . The plane taking off in the next gate over is headed to Reno . I wish I was on that flight instead . 
misses her Roku . 
So good to be back in Phoenix ! 
My laptop hard drive failed . I am so glad I invested in a network drive and all my music is backed up . Costco also rocks and is replacing the hard drive . 
I get my laptop back from tech support tomorrow ! 
Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > for making 2nd bassoon in the Regional Band ! 
I've been hanging out all day at the RC races with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > ( future father-in-law ) , and the boys . < PROPFIRST > has done well ; he's won $12 by coming in 1st in his races . 
