Off to go shopping YAY !! Hope all have a wonderful first day of 2010 !!! HUGS 

Had a wonderful day with my family . And thankful for all my new friends and Hannas friends as well . Thank you all for your support . hugs ~ sara 
Life is so odd sometime what it drags back in .... 
At home with my leg up trying to stay out of the heat with this cast . My foot hurts really bad and hoping that this surgery took . As many incicsions as I have on my foot it should . Hope all have a goodnight . Hugs 
Do kids ever listen .... LOL I know I didnt OMG that why she doesnt ... LOL 
Getting stitches out in a couple of hours and new cast . Going to do laundry now . talk to ya soon . hugs 
OMG !!! Crutches are getting annoying . But they are good exercise . My arms are on fire . LOL Hugs 
My girls have stolen a piece of my heart since the day they were born . I cant imagine a life without my beautiful girls . 
OMG my foot hurt so bad . The joint is still messed up . This sucks . 
Going to bed have a goodnight and sweetdreams !!! HUGS 
I am so happy right now I cant even explain it . Life is great . :-) 
Is it really possible to be this happy .... My heart says yes yes yes !!!! 
Have appts . this afternoon . Hope all have a great day . Excited about the kids starting school next week too . HUGS !! 
Have physical Therapy tomorrow OMG feel the pain bring it on . Going to have a relaxing night . And OMG whats up Kanye is he God or what ... NOT he thinks he is . Hope all have a goodnight ! Sweetdreams ! HUGS !! 
Now I have what < PROPFEMALE > had . Relaxin to get better . 
Can I stay in bed all day ... Not like anyone can hear me . I am sick :( 
Have to go renew my license tomorrow ... Fun ! Hope all have a goodnight sweetdreams . HUGS 
Lovin the New Creed Album Full Circle . Gettin the New < PROPFEMALE > Jam next . Love my Rock !!! Hope y'all have a goodnight ! Sweetdreams ! HUGS 
NCIS night yay !! Goin to finish watchin now . Bye HUGS 
Going to myspace to play Bloodlines . Have a goodnight !! 
Off to do laundry and clean . Going to make it a point to go to church tomorrow havent been there since surgery . Hugs 
On a good note I made it to church yesterday I am lovin the End Times Series . Want to Join its at Stone Church Sundays at 9am and 11am 3303 Englewood come join us for an awesome series . ( come as you are ) This morning my car broke down and have to have my brakes redone I am so upset . I want my car back . Hope all have a good day !!! HUGS 
My car is driving me crazy ... The cold weather isnt good for it all . 
It snowed I want more ! HUGS !!! 
Played around took some quizzes fun ... Going to bed now . Goodnight !!! Sweetdreams !!! HUGS !!! 
Twisted my ankle today in PT hoping that I didnt mess up my surgery . I am hating my luck . Happy Thanksgiving all ! HUGS !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving to my friends and wonderful family God has blessed me with . Hope you all have a Beautiful Holiday . HUGS !!! 
Going to feed the ducks with the Fam . Have a good day all ! HUGS 
Had fun feeding the ducks . Did a little laundry and now relaxing . Hope all have a safe and happy weekend ! HUGS !! 
Have laryngitis sucks but thats life hope to be better soon ! It snowed YAY !!! Cant wait to get out and play in it . HUGS 
Almost ready for christmas !!! 
Wow a quiet night ... in my house that is amazing . Hope you all have a goodnight and great Tuesday . Made fudge tonight and taste just like my Mama's mmmmm and baking Apple pies and brownies in the days to come . Car still broke down but trying to be a little upbeat about Christ's Birthday . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas all !!!!!!! HUGS 
I am glad Christmas is over . It was nuts . Am looking forward to the new year . Hope all had a great christmas . HUGS 
Got a new car yesterday . So excited !!! No more car problems . YAY !!! Hope all of my friends and family had a wonderful christmas . HUGS 
It snowed NOOOOOO ! We dont want snow . 
my car doesnt like me . Tryed braking my finger tonight . Had a nice time with my Mom today and < PROPFEMALE > behaved 
Have to go run errands I just want a day of rest . hUGS 
Goodnight all my friends and family . Hope all you have a wonderful new years < PROPFEMALE > and may many good fortunes come to you in the new year . HUGS !!!! 
Fibromyalgia sucks !!!! hope all of you have had a better day than me . HUGS 
Today is going to be a good day . And so far it is . Hope all of you have a great day too . HUGS 
New NCIS and NCIS Los < PROPFEMALE > YAY !!! I am so excited . Have a goodnight ! HUGS 
What to do what to do .... cleaning house , making dinner and then a game with < PROPFEMALE > when homework is done . Shes going to want monoploy and I want jenga ... LOL 
Two days with a migrain sucks ! Hope tomorrow is better . HUGS 
Busy day ahead . Hope the weather is favor of us today . Hope all of you have a wonderful and blessed day . HUGS 
Prayer for all of those in Haiti . HUGS 
Hope all have a wonderful night with your families . HUGS 
I seriously dont understand guys and I dont think I want too .... HUGS 
When is it that we became adults again ... I protest ... I am tired of shopping and appts . and cleaning and work ... can I have a day of relaxation ... one day soon . Hope all have a good day . 
Spending the day with < PROPFEMALE > and playing on the webkinz with her . Hope all have a great day !!! 
Great day so far . Went and lunch with my Mom ! :) HUGS 
Have an MRI on my foot in the morning . Hope the results are good . Please pray for me ... HUGS 
Done with my appt . and now have to laundry that not too bad . Hope all have a great day !!! HUGS !!!! 
Hope all have a great day !!!! 
Havin a great night at home with the family . Going to feed the birds tomorrow . It's so relaxing . Hope all have a wonderful night and good rest of the weekend . HUGS 
My baby girl is home sick so she is designing < PROPFEMALE > clothes and sewing how cute . Shes really good at it . HUGS 
Having surgery again this time on my good leg . Who knew having large calf muscles could cause so many problems . Please pray and hope all have a great weekend . HUGS 
It's going to be a late dinner but I am getting everything in order . How many times do I have to hear < PROPFEMALE > Vega from that new < PROPMALE > show . < PROPFEMALE > is hooked !!! LOL 
Surgery went well got home the same day . No more of this over night in the hospital stuff . My leg is sore but besides that I am really tired . Hope all are having a great week . HUGS 
There is only one pretty child in the world , and every mother has it . ~ Chinese Proverb Happy Mothers Day ( found this on twitter thought it was cute ) 
I get my cast off and staples out today YAY ! Just in time for Community Days . I can't wait to go sit in the morning sun for the parade . It is going to be a beautiful weekend !!! Hope all have a great day HUGS !!! 
Well staples are out and it hurts worse than I thought it would . Can't wait til I am out of this boot and off these crutches . Hope all are having a great weekend . HUGS 
shot me a message if you would like to adopt this baby . Hope all have a great night . HUGS 
Does anyone want a cute < PROPFEMALE > for their child or just for them . Have his pics in my photos . Go look he is cute and needs a good home . HUGS !!!! 
I always said I was going to be the cool Mom that let my kid do what she wanted to with me around . Be oh HELL no . She wants to get into dance and cheerleading and if that is what they are going to be teaching my daughter they have another thing comin . My viesw on parenthood have changed so much since I have gotten older . 
I feel so sorry for those little girls being exposed the way that they are by their parents . It is really sad . 
It is truely amazing what they show on TV and the internet . I thought it was bad when we were in school OMG no ... Hope all have a great day . BTW who ordered the rain ?!? LMAO 
That is a really good question < PROPFEMALE > makes me wonder too ... 
I really dislike the rain . It's ok with thunder and lightening but I think that is over with for awhile . 
What is wrong with me tonight I am so tired . 
Still have to use these stupid crutches ughhh !!! This sucks . 
Lakers Wave ¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø KEEP THE WAVE GOING ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°Lakers Wave 
It's My Baby's Birthday Summer is 10 today wow how the time flies . Hope all have a great weekend . HUGS 
Happy Memorial Day ! 
Happy Independence Day !!! Hope all have a fun , safe , weekend . Miss you Mom !! Hope you're having fun in Cali . HUGS !!! 
Physical Therapy today . I still think it should be called torcher therapy ! Hope all have a great day ! HUGS 
Can't sleep . I hate nights like this . Hope all have a Beautiful Day ! 
Boise Cascade caught on fire again . OMG this is crazy ! 
Going swimming tomorrow at Selah Pool . Hopefully that will help my leg a little . Hope all have a great evening . 
OK ! So my Mom was right I am sunburnt from head to toe !!! OUCH !!! LOL But I had a great time at the pool . Cant wait to do it again . Love you Mom ! 
OK ! So my Mom was right I am sunburnt fomr head to toe !!! OUCH !! Can't wait to go to the pool again had a nice day with my Mom . Love you Mom ! 
My sun is turning into a tan . I look good dark . I think I could fake and bake all winter to stay this bronze . LOL Goodnight ! 
I can't believe summer is almost over !!! Where did it go ?!? 
Had a cortisone shot in the knee today ... boy did that suck ! Find out on the 2nd of September if I have to have surgery on it . Anyone know a good local ortho for a 2nd opinion ... Please let me know ! 
I get my second opinion this week . Hope it is good news ... Wish me luck !!! 
Hannie has been sicl all weekend poor little girl . I hope she is feeling better soon . This is crazy . 
Had so much fun yesterday BBQing I havent laughted that hard in a long time !!! 
Had so much fun yesterday BBQing I havent laughed that hard in a long time !!! 
Seriously school in 1 wk ... where did the summer go ? 
Already have grocery shopping out of the way YAY ! 
School starts tomorrow and Hannie is stressing out so much ! She is driving me nuts !!! Were we like this ?!? 
Schol sure wore my rugrat out finally !!! LOL I am just glad she had a great day and likes her teacher . Hope all have a great evening ! HUGS 
Do I know how to spell ... lmao school ! 
OMG it is so cold out today ! When is our sun coming back into view !! Kinda makes it hard to haul apples ! 
I hate shopping for jeans !!! 
This sucks holiday weekend I am sick with head cold and lost my voice . This sucks . 
Hannie is still sick . Been trying to spend more time worshiping and getting into the word . Today was a great day for that . Tomorrow is going to be even better . 
I swear if my head wasn't attached I would lose it !!! LMAO 
Baked fired chicken anyone ... OMG it smells so good in my house . Baking this weekend I cant wait apples pies , and harvest loaf I love the smell of cinnamon and cloves !!! Now lets see if Hannie eats the top off the pie again ... LOL so cute . 
Football sunday !!! YAY !! Cant wait for the games today . Go HAWKS !!! 
Off to therapy for my leg again this morning . Have that stupid cold that doesnt want to go away . I am tired of being sick . Hope today is better than the last week . I really want to better before my birthday . 
Pasta , Wine , Birthday cake and my family ... sounds like the perfect night to me !!!!!!!! 
Finally starting to get better thank God I have been drinking OJ like its going out of style . Hope all have a good day . 
Had a nice Birthday dinner . Hope this week is a good one . HUGS :) 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE>'s x-rays to come in for her foot hoping all is well and she is home with the flu . I am trying to stop smoking , doesnt help when I want one real bad . 
I would be lost without KATS in the morning ... LOL I love my ROCK !!! Good tunes this morning guys . 
I really want to be on strike all week . Being a housewife is over-rated and underpaid . So off to do house work and then appts . this afternoon . 
I hate nights I cant sleep this sucks so bad . 
It been a long day 3 hours of sleep still have to make dinner and < PROPFEMALE > isnt listening what else is new .... 
when it rains it pours .... 
OMG !!! Cortisone shots in my knee and ankle 3 in all ... This sucks for Halloween weekend . So much for going out dancing , LMAO !!! Pumpkin craving , dinner @ the corn maze , and then a hay ride !!! That will be fun with < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Well shot injection sights still sore . Cant even drive yet this really sucks . Off to go trick or treating early tonight . Hope hall have a safe and Happy Halloween !!! :) 
Hit the trunk or treats with the family ! Had a great time . I am so excited about the holidays !! My house is going to smell like a bakery for the next 2 months !!! YUMMY :) ~ 
Showered , Make = up and dressed before 5 am ... I couldnt sleep at all . I am so tired this morning . Hope that I make it through the day . :) 
So much to do today and not enough time to do it in !!! Doesnt it always seem that way now .... (: 
What is wrong with me now I am having bad dreams ... I am so tired today !!! 
I am so glad today is almost over ... my bed is calling me ... 
Got house cleaning and laundry done yesterday ... Thank God ! (: Have had a good morning with family , breakfast at < PROPFIRST>'s and have a party to go to at 3 wow busy day . But relaxing !! :) 
Had so much fun at the party !! Jaidyn gave me a frosting kiss with red frosting all over her lips it was so cute . Hope all have a goodnight ... I am so tired now (: 
Well was going to go to church this morning but went to bed with a fever of 102.5 and woke up with one too . Lightheaded , dizzy and have a headache from . I hate being sick ! 
What about them Hawks ... OMG they are getting their butts handed to them !!! 
Hope tomorrow I am feeling . I am tired of being dizzy . LOL 
Still dizzy and have a fever but feeling a lil better . Hoping I can get some sleep today . Just laying around if anyone calls I have time to talk OMG crazy . 
Time to bake some more Apple Pies YUMMY !!! Roast , baby carrots , and potatoes anyone . I love cooking in my crockpot ! 
Now Hannie has a cold . I hate the sickness that comes with winter . 
Bring on the snow !! 
Nice to know that us taxpayers are paying for Obama to go back home and visit Indonesia ... Wait a minute I thought Hawaii was his home ... WOW he really knows how to waste our money !!!!! 
No snow oh well it's coming soon . Hope today gets better . Try to tell someone how you feel and he mixes up all the words that come out of my mouth .... 
Thank you to all men , women , and veterns for your service to our country it very much appreciated !!!! Thank you Dad I love you !!!! 
So I home for the day have to clean ugh ... and do laundry ... this sucks ... can't anyone else do it !!!! 
House is clean Thank God !!! Doing laundry and watching movies with the family . That sounds like a good day :) 
MIGRAIN .... OMG I wish it would go away already !!!! 
MIGRAIN .... OMG I wish it woulod go way already !!!! 
Dust Devils OMG !!! 
WOW that is some wind outside !!! We have had at least 7 dust devils and our roof is starting to blow off OMG !!! I am glad we live in apartments and not our own house that would never happen ... 
Can anyone tell me what it is with men and their gaming consoles ... I sware we need to be turned in to one to get a little attention ... LOL 
I am tired of having a stupid cold . This so sucks !!! 
Laundry again are you serious !!!! 
Hoping to accomplish something today ... what that is I don't know yet !!! LOL 
I love it when he tells me how Beautiful I am ... But I am a PAIN IN THE ASS TOO !!! LOL 
Up at 5:30 am OMG that was early . Got the house clean and dinner start . Spent part of the day at White Pass it is Gorgeous up there . Can't wait to go back and play again ! 
Getting ready to make Apple Pie and finish my dinner . 
Hawks play at 10am I don't think that they are going to win but I hope they do . Elf is on tonight I can't wait that is one of my favs !! 
really need a TV guide for the games . This blows !!! what time is the game on anyone ... 
Well I should have just gone to NFL.com to begin with duh < PROPFEMALE > !!! LOL 
It finally snowing and sticking YAY !!! SNOWBALLS !!!!!!!!!!!! I am so excited !!! 
Is crazy outside with all the snow and wind !!!!!! 
Off to bake 4 Apple Pies and 2 Pumpkin . Hannie gets to make the Banana Cream Pie this year and < PROPMALE > is making his famous Homemade < PROPMALE > and Cheese . Wow we have a busy day ahead of us . Atleast I dont have to cook dinner . 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!! Have a safe and fun holiday !! Remember to have a DD No drinking and driving !!!! HUGS 
#MenAreLike Chocolate bars . Sweet , smooth , and they usually head right for your hips . 
Gettin ready to play some scrabble with my daughter that is her favorite game . I am so glad she into learning new words . She is so smart :) 
Almost ready for my day . It is so cold outside but I guess here we go . I hope there isn't too many dumbasses on the road ! :) 
Wow still snowing and it isn't even winter yet ... I don't think we have seen anything yet ... LOL :) 
My baby will be 9 yrs . old tomorrow . How fast they grow I tell ya !!! :) I am so excited about her party !!! 
I work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I'm a MOMMY . I am a cook , a cleaner , a \ 
parent , teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , handyman , a maid , security , and a comforter . Don't get holidays , sick pay , or a day off . I work through the day and some of the night I am on call at all hours . Now tell me your job is harder than mine . Repost if you are blessed enough to be a MOMMY !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > had a great time today with her birthday . Sent her pic into KNDO she was so surprised to see her face on TV . Her party was cute and fun I love her class . Party next week !!! YAY :) 
OMG I have a raging sinus infection and wish it would go away already !! My head is going to explode and I am dizzy as hell . Well one good thing I can feel drunk on a friday night without all the alcohol and bs that comes with it . 
Today is our 9 yr . anniversery ! Wow it doesnt seem like that long . Amazing !!! 
So excited about the parade of lights and christmas tree lighting tonight . Hot cocoa and < PROPFEMALE > Claus oh what fun !!!!!! ( : 
So as you all know I sent < PROPFEMALE>'s pic in to KNDO for Birthdays and she won a Dairy < PROPFEMALE > Ice Cream Cake that is so cool but she still wants my BFF's carrot cake for her birthday party how cool is that :) 
WHY ?!? That's all I want to know is WHY ?!? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Christmas Program is tonight . I am so excited to go and see it !!! 
Wrote a proposal to the Governor hope she reads it ... Wish me LUCK !!!! 
I cant believe half the school year is almost over ! Where did the time go ... 
Want to wish all my friends and family peace in your homes , grace in your hearts and happiness to you and your family this Christmas season . And my we all remember the true spirit of this wonderful christmas season Christ our < PROPMALE > ! My you be blessed with many great fortunes in the year to come ! HUGS :) 
Spending the night in bed with my two favorite people watching movies and staying warm !!! what a good night :) 
I hate nights that I toss and turn ... I am so tired now . 
I am finally done decorating OMG I didnt think that was going to happen . And as for < PROPMALE > getting off his PS3 SO I could I said ou dont like me in your way then help so I get done faster ! LOL I am so glad the holidays are almost over . 
Is it bed time yet ... 
Decorated , made out my Christmas cards , < PROPFEMALE > wrote her letter to < PROPFEMALE > , and went shopping for some presents today they are at a friends so she doesnt look for them . Finishing shopping Wednesday I am so excited . I cant wait to see the look on her face Christmas morning !!! Priceless 
I have 
I have a stupid computer !!!!! 
Wow , I am actually getting him to watch a Romantic-Comedy with me has hell froze over ... LMAO 
Going to finish my Christmas shopping today !! I am so glad this season is almost over . It has been crazy !! :) 
I am done shopping and have all but 2 presents wrapped . I am so going to be prepared for next christmas ... what am I saying I am never prepared !! LOL :) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! 
I love christmas !!! Got all my shopping done yay !! And got to open my present early only cuz he couldnt wait to see what game I got him !! :) 
I hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas and got what they wanted !!! I know I did !!! :) 
Happy New Year !!! Hope all have a safe and wonderful night !!! 
I am exhautsted tonight ! 
I am so Happy the HAWKS Won GO SEATTLE !!!! 
They changed the zodiac are you serious .... It wasn't broke to begin with now y'all just messing with our heads !!! 
Watching Football !!! Can't wait for the Hawks to play !!! GO SEATTLE !!!! 
Touchdown GB Baby Hell ya 
We need the Falcons Knocked out !!!!! 
TOUCHDOWN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
TOUCHDOWN AGAIN !!!!!!!! 
Green Bay Won Baby !!! HELL YEAH !!!! NOW IT\S SEATTLE'S TURN AND WE ARE GOING TO KICK ASS !!!!!!!! " 
OMG WE NEED SOME SCREAMIN GOIN ON !!!!!!! GO HAWKS !!!!!!!!!!! 
Wish I could actually have one night of good sleep ... 
Getting ready to go feed the birds with the family then time to go shopping . Nice relaxing day !! 
Cant wait for the game in the morning GO PACKERS !!! 
I cant wait for the super bowl !!! I am so excited ! 
OMG I have to have knee surgery ... But hopefully this will make all the pain go away and I can drive again . 
Was hoping this afternoon was going to be easy with < PROPFEMALE > . She got in trouble for talking back so I am making her write sentences . She should know the 10 commandments well when she gets older . She is really going to hate when her punishment is reading books of the bible . 
My Aunt < PROPFEMALE > passed away this morning . So my name < PROPFEMALE > has so much more meaning now in my life and I hope that I can live up to her expectations and one day be the woman she has always wanted me to be . I will miss you dearly . I love you Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and hope that you will watch over me as I grow and < PROPFEMALE > on this strong name that was given to me from the strongest woman I have known in my life . 
So I have tickets to Ozzy and now unfortunately can not go . So If anyone out there is looking for a pair let me know . Love you all my friends and family . HUGS ~ MUAH 
Today has been an emotional day . There are so many things that I wish I could have done but I can't go back on it now . What's done is done ... 
Surgery in two days ... 
