red bulls are on my mind my as is wired for sound 

just got my radio put in my truck now its fly i can play cds lol cool but other than that gotta work but im driving hi to everyone peace and love 
last day of the vaca meetin an old friend for coffee tomorrow then going back to the daily grind 
glad im off tonight friday is going to be good hanging with some good buddies but bed soon then no clue bout tomorrow 
bed in a little while gotta go back to the hell hole tomorrow night whoopee not 
not wanting to go to work ugh 
off tonight yeah got alot of shit to do tomorrow 
still sick phone just shit the bed i hate my phone gonna go throw it at them verizon basterds 
glad im off tonight sore from the gym sleeping in normal time is such a welcome 
Happy new years everybody 
man this cutting weight shit is hard im am really hungry right now rrrrrrrrrrrroooooooooaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrr see that was my stomach lol .... but i feel so good watching what i eat gotta give a big shout out to my girl < PROPFEMALE > eyre its her birthday tomorrow oh yeah my little sis is all growed up now sniffle sniffle snif sniff love ya sis 
Feeling one hindered percent better just a little stuffy but glad for what's to come 
whats on my mind not much really errant thoughts i tell you what i want to turn this around how are all my facebook buddies today leave me a comment and let me know !!!!!!!!!!!! 
watching boondock saints 
come add my new < PROPFEMALE > and tell your friends it i like singing in the car houjse bathroom etc with the music blairing 
you guys have to watch this scene from one of the best movies ever allowscriptaccess = \always\ " allowfullscreen =\ " true\ " width =\ " 500\ " height =\ " 405 \"></ embed ></ object > " 
ok tht didnt work 
getting the < PROPFEMALE > on tonight oh yeah 
ugh no sleep going to planet fitness today the join then working around the house maybe 
Justgot back from church it was awesome as always Easter services were cool to met my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > walters there which was a huge suprose never expected to see you there < PROPMALE > hope you come back happy Easter to all and god bless 
Gotta give a big shout out to my girls going to the concert tonight yeah go rock your faces off and headbang your asses off for me yeah !!!!!! 
somedays just come so suddenly while others drag on for days and it seems when things are hard where they just seem to crawl this is my good friday and for my resurrection i just hope someone remembers me and thats were you come in girl blonde hair blue eyes you bring me to life you animate a world thats so often filled with grey 
tired going to work hitting the gym tomorrow 
watching new < PROPFEMALE > church tomorrow then work that night then who knows what ???? missing my girls hoping there doing ok 
so what if you can see the darker side of me noone will ever change the animal i have become me believe its not the real me someone help me tame this animal i have become 
Off to the gym 
Just got back from the gym good day good day 
Going to work getting out coming home and then church in the morning ! Can't wait to get out of work seems like it's all o ever do 
Ummm hello anyone ???????? 
Having the time of my friggin life woo hoo 
jesus crist hates you . 
Wow what an awesome night best weekend ever workin tonight but its all good 
< PROPMALE > with my girls for the first time in a while love you guys 
Rome is full of dumbass scary people 
Alright i just saw a lotus < PROPFEMALE > drive by excuse me while i shit myself 
I really really really really really hate my phone right Now stupid price of friggin shit deserves to be thrown in the dam trash 
Off to church them the bank then seein < PROPFEMALE > and hanging thank god working tonight can't wait for the weekend 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio you will be missed .... 
So glad to be off so tired ........ bed 
Can't wait last night to work this weekend is going to be great gonna be with my girls 
omg god this day is dragging so tired im going insane aghhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just had one of the best night ever with my girls I loved it omg still in shock 
omg so bored glad i got the next few off but i miss my girls alot love you guys 
feeling awesome dont know why or were all this inspriration is coming from but seany likey new song coming up soon if you havent looked at the first one look at my notes 
alright its official im a < PROPFIRST > daughtry fan ......... wow never thought that would happen hahahah 
someone tell me i dont have to go to work tonight please :( 
Dad it looks like its going to rain on its not half way to rome its starts raining ftw 
Omg its so friggin hot out nice but hot Glad im off tonight 
Hanging with my girls yeah !!!!!! 
ahhhhhhhh omg im going insane ughhhhhhhjilsa;cndkla;ngrjoae'cmka'm , ;.' a mkv'grak;;v'fam , ' g''bfanjfniv adont want to go to work someone tell me i dont have to work 
this is the terminator ! \ 
_ _ _ __ _ ? ____ _ _ _ copy and paste him everywhere\ 
....... ? ? ' ? ' \\????\\???/????/'?' ? ? ? ?........ so we can kill < PROPFIRST > Bieber\ 
. ............ / \\ .................. 
arg so sleepy goodnight all 
Is now i college kid ah yeah !! \\nFriends = Family 
arggggggggg tired feeelllllvso tired night 
Going to a amandas concert with marrissa :)) 
There playing journey hells yeah son lovin it \\nFriends = Family 
omfg my head feels like a five pound fricken hammer 
chillin chillen :) 
Just sitting here with the fam watching NASCAR 
Glasses just broke and I don't have a backup fuck !!!!!!! 
Omg why the hell am I still up holy shit well nothing like a little self medicating to knock your stupid ass out ugh 
im missing my peeps horribly 
Well off to get my arm cut open awesome ;) 
Alright kps sister is the fucking little cesear dude and we all say dead ass\\nFriends = Family 
to all the people that i know that are graduating this year congrads and go make this cooky screwed up world a better place 
It going to be a good good good good day ..... Dead ass 
Going to the life care picnic can't believe im up at this hour i forgot what the run looked like :) miss my < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > terribly \\nFriends = Family 
Alright off to work for a sixteen hell yeah Tuesday were are you 
Honestly not knowing how to feel right now it's a little bit of everything saddness rage and more but nothing at the same time so yeah hope to see my girls today 
If I only could make a deal with god to get him to swap our places I'd be running that road running up that hill running up that building if I only could .... 
Long day time for church then some sleep glad my girls are doing good it's a long road but know your never alone for I'll be on the blacktop cheering you along love you guys 
So I try not to be negative when I write here bit am I doing somethig wrong cuz I feel like I am when I know I'm not and that it's all my fault and that I'm not good enough when I know I can only do what I can idk maybe I'm just going crazy 
My head feels like shit I actually think it is Cleaving in two 
On the road goodbye rome for a while \\nFriends = Family 
Well I'm in massena at the super eight they have wi fi praise Jesus i'm saved lol I still can't believe they have wi fi this is absolutly awesome 
Well today was great haven't seen my brother < PROPFIRST > my sister in law and my niece in years holy shit she has grown can't wait to get up and chill with them all tomorrow then back home infortunatly but least o get to see my peeps miss yas you know who you are 
Feels so good to be home 
Off to work wooowoop somebody shoot me 
be bold young sir be bold and you shall be rewarded ;) 
goign to the church to help out today gonna be fun yay off tonight 
So last night I found out that there are five levels of fatness big healthy husky fluffy ad DAMNNN !!!!! I liketothink I'm in the healthy husky range but I'm all fluffy on the inside lol :) 
Off to church !! 
God just got back man I'm exhausted made new friends and almost wrecked my car in a church parking lot go me 
Ghandi was a very smart man and two of his most famous quotes are in my mind right now \ 
\ 
\what you do in this life is insignificant but it's important that you do it\ " \ 
and its over im done no longer will i let this affect me im moving on and showing the world that this will not bring me down im stronger than this and Ill keep on being the same person that i always was youll never keep me down 
Dear hate , I know you’re not far\ 
You would wait at the door of my heart\ 
I was amazed at the passion in your cries\ 
Dear anger , you made me so high\ 
You were faithful to show up on time\ 
Such a flame that was burning in your eyes\ 
I let you go\ 
But you’re still chasing\ 
Go ahead\ 
You’re never gonna take me\ 
You can bend\ 
But you’re never gonna break me\ 
I was yours\ 
But I’m not yours anymore\ 
Oh , you don’t own me 
Out with the family at a car show in remsen \\nFriends = Family 
Html rules d00d 
Going to get a new phone and pick up stuff for college less than two weeks away hell yeah !!!! 
Just got the new phone its the new droid 2 I love it going to college to get my book then I got youth group tonight I love being busy !!!!!!!! 
Just got back form youth group it was the bomb going to work then heading to the rome rescue mission to serve our lord from 3:45 to 6:00 can't . Wait yay ! !!!!! 
everyone knows im in overrr my head overrr my head theres eight seconds left in ooovertime and shes on your mind yeah shes on . your . mind . 
Have faith in me ... Cuuz there's things that Ive seeen I doooont believe so cling to what you know and never let go you should know things aren't always what they seemm 
I will promise myself I won't care distracting myself from your stare and I've seen this mistake once before with your games I will never fall for I've < PROPMALE > up my guns I won't kill again\ 
I won't forget you ( I won't forget you ) I'm not gonna let you win ( I'm not gonna ... ) but I'm tired of lying tired of fighting you and it's not gonna change 
Out with thev family for a little dinner and some quality time watching remember me later again still love that movie yeah yeah 
I've always played the fool around here im starting to worry that I rush through life forgetting to breather we all need some time to adapt no one understands no one understands what its like 
Getting ready for the first day of class yeah yeah 
I feel like a brand new man 8-28-10 I was buried and raised with you 
just got my new drivers license feels good not to have all that frigging red shit all over it and i get to donate my body parts now so anybodly want my spleen liver anyone 
Fml I'm am so not having a good day not happy at all so yeah no wondeful words of encouragement for today Yippppppeeeeee : # 
You know you can't run in between two older boys doing that quick < PROPFIRST > let's go for a moonlite ride nooo get off me shove the hose down his undrrpants 
You know < PROPFEMALE > I gotta take a week offsoon and we's gotta go to the beach or somethin you me < PROPFEMALE > kp < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > all of us we's gonna have a revival and i's not talkin Bout Jesus 
well just got done taking the psychology test and now im just chillen on thier computer till i got to go back to class i vant believe im really sitting here on thier computer though !!!! lol im such a nerd 
To MY BEST FRIENDS EVER you have my sincierest condolences i love you guys always and your in my prayers 
tired class hoping my girls are doing ok might be posting another song up here soon im getting some ideas sweet quest tomorrow yeayuh !!!! \ 
current music the color morale : humaniquinn and bring me the horizon : pray for plagues =) 
Going to the homecoming thingy at church for a little while then work man im going to be so tired but its all worth it 
Doing my other favorite thing besides church ..... working out yeayuh !!!!! Tell me do you feel my burn 
Woooooo hoooooo just ran three < PROPMALE > in under forty minutes yeayuh that's a new personal best for me 
At the gym quest tonight and last night of work man its going to be a good goood night I can feel it ooooooOOOOOOOO !!!!!!! 
SWEEEEEETTTTTTT another three < PROPMALE > down baby 35:30 shit yeah hahahaha 
My parents were\ 
MEAN to me when I was a kid ! They made me do chores , go to church and\ 
school . They gave me a curfew , made me get a job and work for the\ 
things I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school and my job\ 
and take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , a good work ethic and\ 
... respect for the law . I thank God everyday ......... for my MEAN parents ! \ 
( copy and paste if you agree ) 
At the gym yeahyuh getting ready to burn 
im ashes 
At the gym and ready to burn this all away 
If you let the fire of sin consume your soul the smoke will blind your eyes 
just got done with my second psychology test and im sittin in the computer lab man i dont know how i did on this one im a little nervous 
Sometimes god works in mysterious ways but it's all for the good in the end thank you father almighty because of you today I got to tie up some lose ends in my life I would have never known 
doing my favorite thursday activity oh yeahyuh !!!!!!!!!! 
Off tonight and going out yeahyuh 
Watching ncis on my computer then who knows 
Five guys you make me feel like a burger whore 
Believes in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall , in the Bible it is says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my father at the gates of heaven . This is a simple test : if you love God and are not afraid to show ... it ...... repost ... this 
Another test down the tubes feel like I did awesome on ghis test why do you ask ...... cuz I AM AWESOME 
Over for a little bible study with < PROPFIRST > and gage yeahyuh and the five guys made it perfect yay !!!!! Missing my girls terribly 
thining out the facebook friends if you survive congradulations if you dont oh well have a nice life 
Well today was nice more than likely I pissed a good friend off check now they won't talk to me check had the worst week at work check and the icing on the cake . I just had the worst migraine ever to the point were I actually wanted to throw up and couldn't read a thing so what else can go wrong 
Getting ready to go to the walk through bethlehem dress rehearsal woot woot I look old school 
hey everybody tomorrow is the big night im in a play through are amazing church resurection life church on < PROPMALE > ave in rome called walk through bethlehem its tomorrow from 6 to 9 come and be wisked away to bethlehem to the very night our savior was born !!!!!! and see all the things that he did and made possible for us !!!!! so come my friends shalom 
got my psychology final today , work tonight and gotta do some christmas shopping .... to the car batman !!!!! 
walk through bethlehem tonight people yeahhyuh only a couple more days till i can shave and get my straggly ass hair cut 
getting ready for walk through bethlehem second of three nights wooo hoooo i cant wait we had so much fun last night 
Just got done with church kinda sad that walk through bethlehem is over and that my course is over wishing I could turn back the clock and do it all over again 
feels so amazingly blessed on all the new brothers and sisters in christ he has made over the last few months and days and wants to thank them all for being there and pushing me out of my comfort zone love you all your brother < PROPFIRST > 
well tonight turned out to be a bust what a surprise i grow tired of just sitting around ... got some christmas shopping to be done tomorrow maybe going to see some friends tomorrow and work other than that who knows 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everybody hope everyone has a good day 
Just got done working out gonna go earlier less people more freedom man I'm sore though work tonight and then sleeeeeeepppppppppp 
Sick sick sick 
Tired long night at work funny happenings with pornstar names pole dancing praying for a friend and trying to think of something I think I know but I don't know if it's right but my heart says it just might be so I'll just sit here and rackmy head a little more maybe meditation will help ???? But if anything I feel a like I may be on the brink of a change the winds feel right so I'm going to go get me that horizon 
i love the fact that i cant even see the other side off the road or my mailbox this is nuts spring is very needed 
Somewhere right now , a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with meds , holding their bladder because they don't have time to pee , starving because they missed lunch , being puked on , bled on , and is missing their family while taking care of yours . In the minute it took you to read this , nurses all over the world are saving lives .... Repost if you are a nurse , love a nurse , or APPRECIATE ONE !!! 
Cuz there nothing I wouldn't do 
im thinking im gonna change some things up on the profile its been a while and some things have changed in me but reading this really amazing book i got emailed to me and just chillaxin , praying for alot of things right now but im glad that things feel like they are finally getting back on track in my life 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > wishing I had my other friends with me 
sitting here reading a good book thanks to the wonderful stylings of < PROPFEMALE > Spear really getting hooked on this new bible coming tomorrow cant wait reaaly stoked to get the rest of my c28 order 
theres no need to complicate our time is short it can not wait IM YOURSaaa 
cannot wait for the daytona 500 tomorrow hopefully < PROPFIRST > jr can win he needs it just glad nascar back on wooo hooooo 
Go < PROPFIRST > jr !!!!!!!!!! 
ive read alot of books wrote a few songs looked at my life were its going were its gone ive seen the world through a bus windshield but nothing compares to the way that i see it to the way that i see it when i sit in that old blue chair 
There’s a thousand < PROPMALE > between us\ 
And a thousand days\ 
But I can feel you\ 
I can still feel you against my skin . \ 
And the nights are cold and lonely\ 
But you keep me warm \ 
Cause I can feel you i can still feel you . \ 
Against my skin\ 
Against my skin ( against my skin)\ 
Where ever you are\ 
Where ever you go \ 
You always around me 
starting to feel really good about myself for the first time in a long time the corner has been turned and confidence is key .... i have escaped my past because thats all that it is ..... this is not just a statement to be made on facebook but an affirmation to all who know me i feel free \ 
dont follow your heart for it can be easily decieved but lead your heart for only faith can seperate truth from deception 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS .... You can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get . ( Well , here goes nothing ) . 
Sittin in church gotta love nascar Sunday Sunday sunday 
today i have had my job for three years its amazing what a little luck and some help fro , the big man before you knew him will do for you so many good friends ive made got a whole lot smarter and a little more harder from it but really i most thankful for my friends ive made there love all of you 
happy st patricks day everybody man i love being < PROPFEMALE > wooo hoooooo going to quest tonight hopefully hanging with my sis < PROPFEMALE > Eyre and bro < PROPFIRST > Eyre tomorrow maybe a few others fingers crossed 
Man I love how a haircut makes you feel like a brand new man !!!!!!!! 
im am really starting to love thirce awesome awesome band 
ok after three months i finally got my grades for my intro to pyschology class and thats only cuz my job needed it so i can get training hours so dun dun dun ...... i gotta b oh yeah not bad for really just sitting there and doing four tests hahha 
geek is the color for fall im the geek in the pink 
Affirmation . I own my awesome . I own my amazing . I let my bright light shine and expand onto others . 
