Happy New Year !!! 

Goin home soon 
Going to Cedar Point Monday !! Haven't been there in a long time ! 
all done packing , ready to go to lima ! 
Hangin ' out at Pappy's ... dont worry only Pepsi for me ! lol Wedding in just four days !!! 
just sitting at home 
taking a break from homework 
woo ! go steelers !! 
Just played The House !! lol 
just got done with layo auditions 
unmotivated to do anything , been thinking some things over lately .. 
Just layin here listening to music 
so much to do in such little time ! 
finally sent my application for sisters in today ! hope i get chosen 
procrastinating . . . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
just got back from my interview ... nothing else to do now though 
Snooooow ~ ... 
hoping to get cancelled or at least delayed tomorrow 
Put this ---??--- ?? --- On Your ---??--- ?? --- ?? g ? ---??--- ?? --- ? f ??? ???? ----??- ?? ---- ??????? -----???----- w ?? ??? or ----??- ?? ---- ??? ?? d ---??--- ?? --- Cancer ? · Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU ? 
bakin some cake ! 
WOW ! I've had a great day today !! I was wide awake all day , did way better than I'd plan on our PLAN test today , all of the office workers had a party today and I just found out I'm going to Japan !!! 
sitting at home listening to some sinatra and eiko ... too tired to do anything but i dont want to go to bed yet . today went by too fast ! 
just got back from eating dinner downtown . st < PROPFIRST > put up A LOT of lights this year ! going to try and go to the beach tomorrow night to see the < PROPFEMALE > , it's suppose to be blue , thats if it doesnt rain 
Went to Daytona Beach today . A lot changed since the last time I went , most of the shops and rides were replaced by motels ... Think I'll spend my last day in St. < PROPFIRST > walking through downtown 
Back in Lima ... it's too cold ! 
So much snow ... 
Done with exams ! It feels weird knowing I don't have any schoolwork I need done . Probably going to take it easy for the rest of the day , tomorrow volenteering at Independence 
Where did the weekend go ?! 
I kicked an iPod under your bed because the voices told me to ... 
Thank you everyone !! 
i hate it when you get that feeling where you want to get up and do something but your body's too comfortable to move 
mad that solo & essemble got cancelled ! 
argh , been having headaches everyday for the past week 
TFC was awesome ! 
No school tomorrow ! Thank you LAYO !! 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven 
saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland today .......... spoon ! 
Why is it snowing !? We just got rid of the stuff ! 
happy easter everyone ! 
another year of LAYO over ; the final concert was fun ! I was so happy to see < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > there to support us ! 
Please repost if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head ...... but we can raise awareness . 
Get off work , go to the store , come home and find my shoes on the roof ....... 
Sad ! Just got back from < PROPFIRST > Point and just said good-bye to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! :( 
Sayonara < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Konnichiwa from Japan ! 
Just got into Chicago ..... still trying to get use to all the English ... 
What !? I come home and the big butter Jesus is gone !? 
I'm tired of planes and airports ..... 
Happy 4th of July !! 
Sightseeing east < PROPFEMALE > 
Had fun at the picnic ! Glad I could meet all the HIFA members ! Hopefully it wont be the last time we'll see them Going to the fair later 
School . Work . School . Work . School . Work . School . Work . 
I love how airplanes have wifi now\ 
On my way to Florida 
Recalculating TURN RIGHT NOW ! 
Braeden says : xsdrh h jv uibjirtb jjseedrr 
STEELERS GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL !! 
Thanks everyone :) 
