Swinging on the stars ~ flying around ~ this is so bizarre maybe I better come down 

Time to party up New Orleans !! 
Good Luck to all of us on the Gulf Coast . I hear Tropical Storm < PROPFEMALE > may be coming . Thought hurricane season was over already . 
Can you believe it ? 
It's going to B 52 degrees here tonight ... let's toast to the weather ! 
Who Dat ?!? I'm lovin it ! 
You say potato , I say vodka . 
We need a Hail < PROPFIRST > here and if anyone can do it , it is our boys ! New Orleans , we just have to keep believin ' 
OMG .... Is it a Hail < PROPFIRST > ? 
One reason I love New Orleans is cause the party still goes on no matter what . Am glad to see this . 
This one time , at band camp ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays Everyone ! 
I will never forget the Christmas my grandmother gave us all valiums . How I wish she was here right now because I really need one again . 
I love Chicago !! 
pink and black 
everywhere and messy 
It's way back week !!!! Retro Retro Retro Retro . Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young . Copy and paste this . Let's see how we all were !! Wayback week !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I smelled a llama under your bed because I'm cool like that 
Miami , Miami , you've got style ... blue sky sunshine , white sand by the mile .... 
The boys are walking on water 
Haha ! So a few nuns and the pope were sighted drinking a beer and smoking cigarettes in New Orleans . Gotta love that ! 
The B-52's are coming to New Orleans , so everyone who knows how to party in the WHO DAT NATION needs to be there . Feb 10th , House of Blues . Easy access link on my wall !! 
Am wondering ... what kind of < PROPMALE > cake should I get tomorrow ? 
Happy 13th Birthday to my darling cousin < PROPFEMALE > ! Such a big day ! :) 
I really can't imagine what it is like in the Dome right now . 
YESSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!! OMG OMG 
I love the Who Dat Nation ! 
New Orleans is the happiest city on Earth ! This is unreal ... wow :) 
This is for free speech and right to buy any t-shirt I want ... WHO DAT ! WHO DAT ! ( insert fleur de lis ) . Now < PROPFEMALE > me . 
Yes , they backed down . You can't mess with Cajuns . You never win . 
What an incredible memorial party in New Orleans today ! I'm loving the videos , pics , and < PROPFIRST>'s wig . Please keep posting pics ... they're great ! 
I wish < PROPFIRST > Nicks had a solo performance tonight . Sighhh 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
Yaaaaa !! There's a B-52's party tomorrow night . Where -- Carrollton Station . < PROPFEMALE > Cowskill's band will be performing covers from their featured artist of the month --- the B-52's . This is guaranteed to be a Party Out of Bounds ! :) 
This new facebook layout is terrible . :( 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I suppose we should introduce ourselves : We're South Louisiana . You probably already know that we talk funny . We listen to strange music and dance even if there is no radio . We drink at funerals . We talk too much , laugh too loud , live too large and , frankly , we're suspicious of those who don't . 
What is the quickest way to cure a lost voice from screaming ? I need my voice back completely by tomorrow . Help ! lol 
Happy Mardi Gras !! 
Yaaaaaaaa !!! One of my bestest friends is having her baby and even though we have a long wait , I am going stir crazy ready to get there !!! 
Finally on the way to < PROPFEMALE > , so excited :) 
HAPPY 292nd BIRTHDAY , NEW ORLEANS !!! WE LOVE YOU !! <3 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes , it's been good .... Home today with family and partying with friends in Chicago tomorrow . Big fun !! Have a great weekend everyone , thanks for all the happy birthday wishes ! :) 
Swinging on a < PROPFEMALE > , dancing around , this is so bizarre maybe Concrete Blonde is in town ... ( tonight i'll be with you ) 
I'm sitting in a bar in New Orleans talking to this girl who looked familiar and five minutes into our conversation we realized we went to Europe together 20 years ago . This is surreal ! 
Finally below 100 degrees .... now , can we make it down to 70 ? Please ... 
Just discovered that my car is an alcoholic . Loves to drink battery fluid .... So glad she took her last sip in the driveway . Poor thing had no choice ... I'm told this is genetic ..... 
Beautiful day here in Atlanta ! :) 
I-10 W toward New Orleans is not moving at all ! Am taking an evening walk on the beach in Biloxi instead :) 
Dancing in a pair of shoes made by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is simply fantastic ! 
Thanksgiving is an emotional holiday . People travel thousands of < PROPMALE > to be with people they only see once a year . And then discover once a year is way too often . ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
