May this New Year bring : Strength to those who need it , Peace to those who want it , Love <3 to those without it . Happiness :) and Good Health to all ! 

Ugh ! The second night in a row that I can't sleep . Which would be fine if I didn't have to work tomorrow . At least its just a short ( 4 hr ) shift . Sometimes I really wish I could just turn my mind off when going to bed , cause thats what keeping me awake . 
Is going to go take a nap . 
Well took a 2 1/2 hour nap , had some dinner and downed an energy drink . Feeling more refreshed , just hope I can sleep tonight . 
How come the photos for my quiz results aren't posted ? 
Had a nice picnic/ge t-t ogether with relatives today , despite the fact that it was < PROPFEMALE > and rainy . 
Hopes the month of July will be a good month 
So far July has gotten off to a very rough start . :( I'm not sure what will happen next , hopefully something better . 
Now I know why I avoided romantic relationships for so long . They always end badly . 
I'm glad July is almost over . It has been a rough month so far , first the breakup and then a couple of days ago we had to put our dog < PROPFEMALE > to sleep :( . She was almost 17 years old , and had too many health problems . 
1 more day of work and then I'm on vacation for 2 weeks . :) Can't wait ! 
On Monday were going to Racine , WI to visit < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for a few days . 
Enjoying my time in Racine . Its actually warm and < PROPFEMALE > here ( 80's instead of 60's ) . We ate at < PROPFEMALE > Garden ( my fave resturant ) tonight . 
Back home , which means in two short days I'll have to go back to work . Vacation days always go by too fast . 
wishes it would cool down more at night . Even with the a/c its way too humid . 
I actually had fun at the fair today , despite the rainy weather . The Aussie Kingdom was so neat . 
Time for bed . 
I feel like I'm in a better place now than I have been in the past couple of months . :) And I'm so grateful for it , hopefully things will continue to improve . 
I'm off from work tomorrow , but lucky me I get to spend the afternoon in the dentist's office getting a root canal . :( 
Tomorrow we head down to Wisconsin . And on Thursday Sept . 17th I'll be going to a Fray concert !!! So excited for it !!! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
The Fray concert last night was awesome !!!! I ' ll get pics up when I can . 
Well back to the hum- drumness of everyday life . 
Have a Happy Birthday ( tomorrow ) < PROPMALE > . 
I'm glad its raining out , it matches my mood . 
The first snowfall of the season . I was hoping it wouldn't come until later . 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > Baby dog . You would have been 17 years old ( in people years ) today . 
Is enjoying a nice hot caramel mocha latte . 
Going back to the curls for awhile . 
I should be sleeping , but I'm just not tired yet . 
Finally going to bed ! 
getting a bad headache , which is odd for me , I hardly ever get them . I hope its not the start of something . 
Let's see how honest facebook friends are ... Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No More . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting . Keep it going . Thanks 
Wishing everyone a Happy and Safe Halloween ! 
can't sleep so I might as well play around on here for awhile . 
Heard some sad news today :( 
I just want to send out love and prayers to all my family . We lost a really decent person today in cousin < PROPFIRST > . 
Off to bed , hoping for some sweet dreams tonight . 
Is sick , lucky me I got the flu , I guess I should've gotten a flu shot . 
Is thankful that she's feeling much better . 
Hard to believe that today marks my 8th year at my current job . I am thankful that I have a job ( even if sometimes I hate it . ) 
I hope everyone has a Happy and Blessed Thanksgiving ! 
Good Luck to all those who will be heading out for the black Friday sales and battling the crowds . I will be happily :) at home , snoozing in bed . 
Good Night All ! 
Finished up my Christmas Shopping today . Now comes the fun part , wrapping the presents . :) 
Just got back from seeing \The Fantastic Mr. Fox\ " It's actually a pretty good movie . Clever and funny :) " 
Is so glad I don't have to work tomorrow . So I can stay in and enjoy a snow day :) 
We finally got our tree up ( only partially decorated though ) and I made some gingerbread cookies tonight . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to you and yours ! 
doesn't like any of her profile pics right now 
Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting . Wonder if I have 20 brave friends ( or more ) who will do this ? 
blue and turquoise 
Its WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and lets see how adorable ( or ridiculous ) we all were !!! 
(?????) ? This little Alien wishes to see our world , cut and paste him on your status so he can travel ...... he is now In Lake Linden , Michigan 
I karate chopped my science teacher in my car because I think I need some serious help . 
\A combination of interventions is often more successful than one . \"" 
I love my Mother/Father ! For all of you who aren't too proud to say thank you to your Mom/Dad for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Some people no longer have their Mom/Dad here to appreciate , but we can still say THANKS for their love . 
< PROPFEMALE > 
I want to wish my Mom and Dad a Happy Anniversary !! 37 years already :) 
describe me in 1 word , using the THIRD letter of YOUR name !!! Answer mine and then copy this into your status .... =] 
LOL I never knew how vain I was until I got a digital camera . The self portrait feature is too easy and fun . 
hmm , well I thought the distraction of FB would make me feel better , but it just made me feel worse , gonna log off for awhile . 
Keep this going .... What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 billboard song .... Copy and paste with your #1 song Mine was \I Love a Rainy Night\ " by < PROPFIRST > Rabbitt " 
Entertainment for the night : Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
didn't have to work today , so I'm enjoying a nice lazy Monday 
Will I ever have a Valentines Day that doesn't suck ? 
is calling it a night . Hoping for some decent sleep , that will hopefully bring me some clarity about certain issues I'm dealing with right now . 
Click \like\ " if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile . " 
Well all my faves on American Idol this year are safe so far . So I'm happy :) 
well I broke part of my tooth off . I was eating crunchy cereal and either swallowed the part of the tooth or spit it out . Luckily it doesn't hurt and isn't bleeding . But now I'll probably have to get another root canal and a crown put in , neither which I can afford :( 
Off of work for 12 days . YAY ! 
finally got to the dentist today , have to get a post core to build up the tooth and then a crown , hopefully it won't hurt too much . 
is anyone else having trouble getting apps to load ? or is it just my computer ? 
aaarghh ! My computer keeps punking out on me ! I guess that means I have to log off . 
** BREAKING NEWS ** We need to send help to the following country : THE UNITED STATES . There are many without food , shelter , & clean drinking water . Residents are going without heat for the winter , healthcare for the sick , & proper education for children . STOP SENDING MONEY OVERSEAS . We have people here that lack basic human needs . Will you re-post this ? 
got my taxes done . It sucks ! I'm hardly getting a refund at all , yet just another disadvantage of being single without kids , oh well . 
I need more neighbors ! If anyone plays on Cafe World , YoVille , Soroity Life , Farmville or Petville please add me as a neighbor . Thanks :) 
will be out of town for a few days , so I'll be offline . 
A big THANK YOU to everyone for all the birthday wishes !! :D 
is exhausted . Time for Bed . : 0 
Went to the dentist today to get the post core put in for my broken tooth , I could'nt believe how much it hurt . Alot more than I thought it would , so now my teeth are really sore , plus I have a headache and sore neck . Called in to work today . 
think I'm gonna go take a nap , not feeling too hot . Later . 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence . Hancock , MI 
My teeth feel better , but there seems to be this lingering headache and neck ache . Maybe I'm just too tense or something . 
all my aches are gone , so I'm grateful for that . I think a good sleep helped . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Everyone ! 
a week from now I will be down in < PROPMALE > , MI at the Island Resort Casino to see < PROPMALE > Springfield live in concert ! It should be fun , maybe I'll even have a litte luck with the slot machines :) 
Had a horrible day at work !! :( So glad I'm off tomorrow so I won't have to put up with any of that BS . 
People need to understand that special needs children don't have an illness , thay are not looking for a cure , only acceptance . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for a least 1 hour . Special education week March 22nd to the 26th . Go on copy and paste . Please 
Heading to bed :o We leave tomorrow , will be gone for about 3 days . Can't wait for the < PROPMALE > Springfield concert ! Goodnight All . 
Were back home . The concert was fun , but I didn't have much luck on the slot machines though . The most I won was $10.00 :) I'll post concert pics later . 
I'm exhausted :O Time for bed , till tomorrow . 
Back to work tomorrow ... Blah ! 
Dark , Moody , Restless , feeling trapped in my own skin . Who knows what mysteries lurk underneath the deceptively calm surface within . 
I hope everyone has a Blessed Easter ! 
Foods almost ready , better go eat . Later ! 
WTF ! none of my applications/ games are letting me access them , is anyone else having trouble ? 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA & 17,000 in IL , New Jersey , & FL are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste this into your status . 
FACEBOOK FRIEND APPRECIATION DAY ! If you appreciate your gaming friends for all their help & the moral support they give you , please let them know by posting this on your wall . I truly do appreciate my friends . Without them , this wouldn't be NEARLY as much fun . I have AWESOME friends ! Thank you , each and every one !!! 
When will we have a televised event for people right here in our country ??? We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... ... 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! Will you ? 
Put my air conditioner in today , and changed from the heavy flannel bed sheets to the light satin sheets . All sure signs Spring is here :) 
the kitchen table 
is in a pouty mood today . 
woke up with a really sore throat today , which is never a good sign usually that means I'm getting a cold . Why now ? 
is feeling better , my sore throat is gone , I was finally able to get some decent sleep , and I received good news in the mail . Maybe things are back on track :) 
Wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again ... I thought of you today , that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and the days before that too . I think of you in silence , and often speak your name . All I have is memories , and a picture in a frame . Repost this if you have someone in Heaven .... 
Time for this night owl to get some ZZZ's :O 
according to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can !!! 7 minutes ago · 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Most people wont , but its mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer some point in our lives . PLEASE SHOW YOUR SUPPORT BY COPYING AND PASTING THIS 
Had a trying day , am emotionally and physically exhausted . Hopefully sleep will bring some clarity and tomorrow will be a brighter day . 
glad were finally getting some rain , we definitely need it . Hoping it will green up the grass a bit . 
When you get to the end of all the light you know and it's time to step into the darkness of the unknown , faith is knowing that one of two things shall happen : either you will be given something solid to stand on , or you will be taught how to fly . Teller , < PROPFIRST > on Faith Quote from Quotations Book 
Sooo tired :O Today at work was certainly a Manic Monday ! If only I didn't have to work tomorrow . 
A GREAT BIG THANK YOU TO OUR LOCAL \VOLUNTEER\ " FIRE DEPARTMENTS FOR BEING THERE IN A TIME OF NEED TODAY !!! POST THIS TO YOUR STATUS IF YOU APPRECIATE YOUR LOCAL FIRE DEPARTMENT !!! " 
Happy Mothers Day ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could speak softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Pass this on if you're against Domestic Violence ! 
Yay ! My 3 favorites are the Top 3 on American Idol ! So I'll be happy with whoever wins this year . 
Good Night ! Sweet Dreams . Till tomorrow . 
At least my work life is going well . Now if only \certain\ " other aspects of my life would catch up and start being decent too :) " 
Disappointed to find out that CBS IS cancellling \Numb3rs\ " :( along with \ " Cold Case\ " and surprisingly \ " Ghost Whisperer\ " . I'll miss \ " Numb3rs\ " ( < PROPFIRST > <3 ) the most though . Good thing theres always DVD sets . " 
Okay was there ever a doubt that < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > would win DWTS ?? ( I personally thought she had an unfair advantage ) I was pulling for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . I hope next season the celebrities are more evenly matched . 
needs some decent sleep tonight , last night I barely got 4 hours due to this stifling heat and humidity ! I have A/C but it didn't help much . 
Thank God for the cool breezes today ! Was actually able to get about 7-8 hours sleep . 
YAY FOR LEE !!! <3 The new American Idol :) Both he and < PROPFEMALE > will have good success . The finale was kinda dumb . Way too much < PROPMALE > tribute and too many \classic\ " performers . " 
every day I go to work and put on a happy face , so on the surface everything seems fine , but inside I feel so lost and empty . almost like I'm drowning and have no one to help save me . and I don't have the strength to save myself anymore :( 
? Who decides , who holds the knife . And gets to shape the soul inside ? ? \ 
\ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Dente ( Stranger in my skin ) 
guess I better get some sleep , going to Marquette tomorrow :) 
Just got back from Marquette about an hour ago , it was a good trip , despite the rain . Got some good deals from Kohls , I saved more than I spent ! Hit Target too of course . Ate out at Big Boy and now I have to work for the next 4 days . 
There are many complaints that facebook has become unacceptably slow . The report shows that facebook has a number of nonactive members . We want to send this message to see whether you're active or not . If you don't post this message within 2 weeks ... you'll be removed in order to get more ............ space . Post this on your wall that you are s ... till active . 
Yay ! I received my Ghostwriter Season 1 D.V.D in the mail today ! I'm been waiting for that to come out on D.V.D forever :) I know I'm a total dork . LOL 
well after I tossed and turned for about a hour and a half last night , I finally fell asleep and had a pretty interesting dream . Supposedly , April 15 2012 is going to be a prominent date in my future . We'll see ... 
It feels so nice to be able to catch up on all the sleep I'm been lacking lately . I definitely needed it . 
Happy Father's Day to my wonderful Dad ! And to all the other fathers out there :) 
well at least the first ( official ) day of Summer is warm , almost humid around 70 
I can't believe I just slept for 11 hours ! Thats crazy ! I meant to get up earlier , I guess I needed it ? 
\Criminal Minds\ " marathon :) All right ! Perfect way to spend a rainy afternoon . " 
has a jam-packed July ! 4th of July this weekend , Chassell Strawberry festival next weekend , then I get a rest on the third weekend , and finally the fourth weekend is our family reunion ! At least they're all good :) things . 
better get some sleep :O after all I want to be awake for the parade tomorrow . Good Night everyone . 
Happy ( early ) Independence Day Everyone ! 
It's officially Summer now , got my first sunburn of the season :) 
It's Too Damn Hot !!! I can't get any decent sleep in this heat , which means I will be super cranky at work tomorrow :( . I don't mind if it's hot in the daytime , I just wish it would cool down at night . 
finally got some deep , much needed sleep :) 
the Chassell Strawberry Fest was good . Great weather , warm but not humid . Enjoyed BBQ Chicken , french fries , ice cream and of course the most important ... Strawberry Shortcake ! Then took a dip in the lake and am now home . 
has a case of the Monday blahs :( 
broken relationships do make you stronger , it just doesn't seem like it when the wound is still too fresh . I'm glad to say I am stronger , even though a year ago it seemed like it would never heal ... 
I was never a huge fan of M&M's , But now I am totally addicted to the Pretzel M&M's :) 
Family reunion tomorrow ! Should be fun ! And for the relatives who couldn't make it , know that you will be missed . You'll be there in heart <3 and spirit * though . 
It was a great day for the reunion ! Perfect weather , tons of food . I got to see relatives I haven't seen in awhile and meet some new ones . Went on a pontoon boat ride , did some swimming . All in all a good day :) 
Well I'm gonna be a total wreck at work tomorrow , since I can't sleep . I feel like I have a heavy heart tonight :( Too many things , thoughts and memories I'm trying to hold on to . Things that have no purpose in my life anymore . 
But what's the since of letting go of someone if there's never going to be someone else to replace them with . \ 
I'm not talking about family and friends that get taken away from you unexpectedly or unfairly . But people who at one point came into your life for whatever reason and left far too soon ( metaphorically , not literally ) afterwards . 
Has anyone seen the movie \Sunshine of the Spotless Mind\ " ? Its about being able to delete all the memories ( good and bad ) that you had of a relationship . You don't know how many times I wish I could do that . \ 
Every time I look around I see people that have someone to hold and love and then I think to myself will I ever have someone for me to love and to hold 
wonders how come whenever I have a short shift at work I can sleep fine , but then when I have a full shift ( like tomorrow ) I can't sleep at all ! So damn frustrating !! 
well made it through the work day . So glad they put me on the self-checkouts , I would've been totally exhausted if I was on a regular register . Off for 2 days !! Hope I can catch up on sleep . 
So who went out to vote today ? I certainly didn't! 
Made it home thankfully . I got done at work right a 6pm , which was when they were supposed to work on the bridge . I was worried I'd be stuck in Houghton , but they were letting cars go across . 
... Like a drifter I was born to walk alone ... 
ugh .. I have a sore throat that just won't go away . 
will be offline for the next few days . So if I don't answer requests that's why :) 
.. is back home . On Tues . 10th we went to the DeYoung Family Zoo ( post pics later) ! Then we stayed in Marquette for a couple of days . :) 
wishes it would rain again . It cooled it down so nicely earlier . 
TO ALL NON-PET owners who visit our homes and complain about our pets : 1 . They live here .. you dont . 2 . If you dont want their hair on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it ' fur'-niture . 3 . I like my pets more than I like most people . 4 . To you , they are .. animals . To me ,... they are my young'uns who are short , hairy , walk on all fours & don't speak clearly . Re-Post if you love your pets ! 
A firefighter is missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this : Firefighters all over the world are saving lives . It's Firefighter appreciation week .... Repost if you are a Firefighter , love a Firefighter or appreciate a Firefighter !! 
Cafe World won't load ! :( 
Time for Bed . Heading out to our camp/cottage in Bootjack tomorrow for a couple of days :) Sweet Dreams . 
Ick :( the DWTS cast this season SUCKS BIG TIME ! Bristol Palin ? 2 dumb reality stars and all the guys are OLD ( except for < PROPFIRST > Massey who's too young ) . What happened to having sexier guys on the show ( other than the male dancers ) . Won't be watching it this season . 
FARMVILLEAPPRECIATION DAY ! If you appreciate \ 
your FarmVille friends forall the help they give you .... then let them \ 
know by posting this on your wall . I truly do appreciate my friends ... \ 
without them I wouldn't have alovely farm .... so , THANK YOU NEIGHBORS 
Will be so glad when this heat wave dies down . Last night I had my A/C on full blast plus 2 fans just to be comfortable enough to sleep . Hot weather and I are not good companions :) 
Does anybody know how to upload photos from a cell phone onto Facebook ? Do you need a special USB adapter or something ? 
I've been having some troubling dreams lately , they're not scary ones or sad ones , just anxiety causing . When I go to sleep today I really hope that if I have any dreams that they're good ones . 
is off to bed to attempt sleep . 
Looks like the AGT finale will actually be good this year . Can't wait to see the duet of < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Grimm !! Plus the Goo Goo Dolls are perfoming too . As for the winner ? < PROPFIRST > Grimm is the winner in my book , whether he actually wins or not :) 
YAAY !! < PROPFIRST > Grimm won AGT !!! I liked him from his first audition , so glad he won :D 
BROTHERS WEEK : If you have a brother who has made you laugh . Pulled \ 
your hair . Stuck up for you . Drove you crazy . Hugged you . Watched you \ 
succeed . Saw you fall . Picked you back up . Cheered you on . Made you \ 
strong . Can't do without . Copy and paste this in your status . :) 
Can't believe it's 4:30 am already ! I better head to bed :O At least I'm off work tomorrow . 
OK this rain can stop any time now . 
blah , wish I didn't have to work tomorrow 10:30 am to 7:00 pm :( It's gonna be a long day . 
Woke up this morning just feeling awful , stuffy nose , sore throat , achy and so exhausted I could barely get out of bed . Ended up calling in to work . I'm already skating on thin ice with absences at work , so I may need to start looking for a new job . 
I'm feeling really frustrated with life right now , and I don't what to do to change it , especially since it's mostly stuff I have no control over . 
Is going to bed now , hopefully my dreams will cancel out the reality of what people call a life :( 
I like it on the kitchen table or chair . 
I have 4 Birthday Wishes for people today . First of all to my Dad , he's reached a milestone birthday today :) Then to my wonderful Sis-in-Law < PROPFEMALE > . Also to my friend < PROPFEMALE > M . and finally my Uncle < PROPFIRST > ( he's not on Facebook , but still ) . Happy Bday to you all . Hope I did'nt miss anybody lol . 
is going to take a warm shower before heading to bed . Good Night All ! Sweet Dreams ! 
If you have a dog who has made you laugh , brightened your life , silently accepted your tears without judgment , snuggled with you , has forgiven your faults and loved you anyway , make this your status . Dogs are a gift . Repost this if you have or have had an amazing dog ! 
Cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older as forever friends . ... Re-post this if you ever had a cousin , or two , or more that you can count on that made you smile .... Even though I don't see you often , love you all .. 
Time for bed . So glad I don't have to work tomorrow . Night All :O 
For some reason Facebook won't let me do any posts on the games . It's frustrating ! 
just a notice to all my Cafe World , Farmville , Frontierville friends etc ., I am currently unable to send any gifts , our Internet Explorer is messed up and when I try to send gifts , the drop-down menu of names will not show up !!! So if you send me a gift and I don't return the favor thats why . 
Yay ! I was able to fix the problem with the internet explorer , so I can now post stuff and send gifts again :) 
I have such wonderful parents ! Today they surprised me with a brand new mattress . I was definitely in need of one . My old mattress was pretty bad with springs coming through and stuff . Thanks Mom and Dad ! :) 
Happy Halloween ! Hopefully everyone gets more treats than tricks :) 
tiredness in setting in :O Good Night ! See ya tomorrow . 
hopes to sleep soundly and have sweet dreams . Night ! 
is sick and tired of getting my hopes up , just to have them come crashing down . I give up , there will never be a match for me :( 
well at least I got some decent sleep . 
:O Gosh I'm more tired than I thought I would be . Time for bed I guess . Night All . 
IT'S TOO COLD ! I HATE THIS FREEZING WIND , MY HOUSE IS LIKE AN ICEBOX . 
9 years already , hard to believe it . 
Wishing my family and friends a Happy Thanksgiving ! 
To all the Black Friday shoppers : Be careful out there ! Try not to be too rude . And if you're up here dress warmly ! It's icy cold outside . Good Luck . 
Sooo Tired :O Early bedtime for me tonight I think . 
AAH ! Farmville is driving me nuts ! It loads once and I can play it , then it says to refresh the < PROPFEMALE > , I do , and then it won't load :( 
back to work tomorrow ' blah ' 
heading to bed , hopefully I'll have some good dreams tonight . 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until December 6 , Monday , thereshould be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of fond , happymemories to raise awareness for Violence Against Children 
Glad to be home after a miserable day at work ! Off for 2 days now :) 
ATTENTION : the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles . There doing it because kids wil accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with any Child charities . IT'S ON TONIGHTS NEWS . ...... Copy & Paste this on to your status -Let everyone know . Change ur pic back to what it was ASAP .... 
Just made some human puppy chow ( A.K.A Chex Muddie Buddies ) . One of my favorite treats around this time of year :) 
We got our Christmas Tree up and decorated ! 
will be perfectly content , snowbound at home , for the next 2 days . 
Just finished making some peanut butter < PROPFEMALE > cookies ! YUM :) 
Had a great mother-daughter day with my mom . We got our hair cut and styled by the awesome < PROPFEMALE > Hendrickson ( of Tangles salon) ! Then did a little Christmas shopping and ate dinner at Ginos :) 
Had kind of a lousy day today . Logging off , hope tomorrow is a better day . 
Happy Christmas and < PROPFEMALE > Holidays to all ! ;) 
Used my frappe maker for the first time today ! Enjoying a spiced Chai frappe . Yum :) 
I for one will be SO glad when this year is over with . Except for a handful of bright spots along the way , overall 2010 has been a tough and rather lonely year for me . 2011 will be better , or else !! 
Happy New Year ! 2011 will be a even better year , I hope . 
YAY ! Season 4 of Boy Meets World is FINALLY being released on D.V.D !! I've been waiting forever for them to release it . Just ordered it off Amazon.com :) 
Guess it's time for bed . 
It's said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they spoke just yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live . And , they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will always love them .... Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends . 
wishes I could just hibernate this winter away . 
grrr , none of the games are loading properly ! Logging off , I'll try again later . 
bed is calling , Night All :O , hoping for sweet dreams . 
Pisces for Life ! Whether you follow the new version or the old version of Astrology , I'm still a Pisces , it starts on March 11th . Besides supposedly it's only for people born After 2009 ! 
Getting married , having a baby , moving , job transfers , etc . are not REASONS for abandoning your pe t--t hey are EXCUSES . Pets are a LIFETIME commitment the same as children are a LIFETIME commitment . We don't get rid of children for these kinds of excuses . . . we adjust our lives . Our pets deserve the same level of devotion . Post this if you're 100% agree ! 
Please put this as your status for at least one hour if you , or someone you know has or had , an invisible illness ( Crohn's Disease , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , Fibromylagia , MS , COPD , LUPUS , Diabetes ) . My one wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Do it for all who have an invisible illness ... it's a daily struggle !! thanks 
Asking if everyone could please put this as you status for just one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer . Pray that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for just one hour ? Do it in HONOR for all of them ! CURE ALL CANCERS , God bless you and your family !!!!! 
Series finale of Medium tonight :( every year one of the shows I like end . Thankfully there are always DVD sets . 
I came , I saw , I posted , now I'm going to bed . Sweet Dreams ! 
Off work for 3 days ! YAY !! 
/ \\___/ \\ Put this cat on\ 
(>0_0<) your profile to show that your are\ 
(\) ___ (\") against animal cruelty\ 
Night All :O 
Night , Sleep Tight . 
I really , really , really HATE this Wind !!! 
Had a a long , rough day at work ! Now trying to relax and unwind and get rid of all the tension I'm feeling . 
Blueberry and Strawberry . 
Frustrated and Fed Up !! is how I feel right now . Gonna log off for awhile . 
It really sucks having to work every weekend ! 
SO the Dancing with the Stars Cast SUCKS again !! The only one even remotely interesting is < PROPMALE > Macchio . One less show to watch at least . 
Logging off for the night . Have to work tomorrow . 
my eyes are having trouble staying open . Guess it's time for bed . Night All : 0 
Just checked my friends list , looks like someone else deleted me :( Oh well . 
I think my cat is jealous of the computer . Whenever I go on it , she starts acting up , meowing and everything . LoL 
Good Night All ! Till Tomorrow . 
Happy 4th Anniversary to my brother < PROPMALE > and sis-in-law < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Kanoshikita Takitozuka = April Linja 
time to do the ' sleeping beauty ' thing . Sweet Dreams . See ya'll tomorrow . 
Heading out to < PROPMALE>'s for my Birthday Dinner here soon . THANKS so Much to everyone for the Birthday Wishes :) 
Had a very nice b-day . Spent time with family , ate way too much good food :) Now heading to sleep ( early ) so I'll have energy for shopping tomorrow in Marquette . \ 
THANKS again to those who acknowledged my b-day , I really appreciate it . See ya Soon . 
(¯`v´¯)\ 
`· . ¸ . ·´\ 
¸ . ·´¸ . ·´¨) ¸ . ·¨)\ 
(¸ . ·´ This balloon heart is traveling around the world for all the victims in the Japanese Earthquake & Tsunami . Please pass this balloon on & show your support & prayers for them all during this devastating time . ? 
The One you just called fat ? She has been starving herself and has lost over 30lbs . The One you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped ? They are abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Repost if you're against bullying . 
Night ! :O 
Back to work tomorrow . At least it's Payday :) 
Happy St. Patricks Day ! Hope everyone has a little extra luck today :) 
Too tired :o must go to bed . Night All . 
Who says Facebook friends aren't real friends ? They enjoy seeing you on line everyday , miss you when you are not there , send condolences if you've lost someone , give you wishes on your birthday , enjoy the photos and videos you post , put a smile on your face when you're down , make you laugh when you feel like crying . Re-post if you love your Facebook friends . I love mine ! 
Emotionally and physically exhausted ! :( Hoping sleep will help . 
Well the only bad ( annoying ) thing about my laptop is for some reason , it won't let me sync my Ipod files . I even tried the click-and-drag thing and it still wouldn't do it . 
Bed Time :O 
Sometimes I get so freakin ' tired about always having to be the nice one >:( 
Guess its a good thing I'm off the next couple of days , since I have a horrible sore throat starting . Been taking Zicam every few hours , don't know if its working . Ugh , I cannot afford to get sick ! 
Well the good news is , I no longer have a sore throat , the bad news is that it progressed into a really bad cold . Ugh ! I've already gone through a box and a half of tissues :( 
So relieved < PROPFIRST > was safe on < PROPFEMALE > ! I feel bad that they got rid of 2 girls again though . 
Time for me to head to bed . Hope I feel better tomorrow . Good Night . 
Well I'm feeling somewhat better . Can actually smell and taste things again , hopefully this means my cold is on it's way out of my system . 
Finally got my taxes done ! I procrastinated big time this year . But at least I get refunds and don't have to pay in at all . :) 
