Epic flight training costs so much .... 250 hours in the air at 180/hr ouchy . 

is sad now that he has to reinstall WoW . 
after 15 hrs minimum is at 96% install . I wanna play new patch :( 
has Valve oil again !! * Cheers * * Woots * * etcs * 
Got to play the GFT late last week . Was a great experience . I had missed playing the horn . 
is officially the age of 2 . decades o . 0 
realised he needs to get his music together for the gig tonight ... 
Just spent his weekend rebuilding what remains of the old raiding guild . first raid night is tomorrow will see what happens . 
13.333333333333333333 etc minute < PROPMALE > for 4.5 < PROPMALE > . Getting closer to the personal best . 
ankles feel stiff from run and work ... erm .... paid study there we go . ( how dare I call those fun hours work . ) 
39 mins 52 seconds .... slowly going down . If I hadn't run yesterday too woulda been faster mhmm . gratz to Timfox Haburday and his 31min run XD he broke 10min < PROPMALE > , Ill be there soon enough XD 
< PROPFEMALE > . 30 < PROPMALE > this week , d o-o r-die kgo ! 
' s Legs hurt , can't wait for Tomorrow . Last week : 41:40 ish for those who care 7.5 /30 will make 10+today 
10.5 /30 +3 in 3ish hours . K-night 
how to convert water < PROPMALE > to land < PROPMALE > , cause i think that pushes 4ish then and there . anyway didnt run today even though i meant to , but I swam a mile . Which counts for something . Lets see if we count 800meters/5k then i swam a ground total of 6 < PROPMALE > today XD . Those < PROPFIRST > are the respective legs of a sprint distance triathalon . lets give me 4 cause it was def more working than a 5k and call it that . 14.5 /30 
only 20/30 gg 
hour 20 10k , I finished ^_^ 
needs to update his profile pic with something more recent , im not as fat now XD 
Opening night tomorrow .... Hlep !! 
Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Play Play Play Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Play Play Play Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries Juries ( yes Im typing this all out ) Juries Juries Juries Juries Play Play Play Play Juries Juries Juries ..... I think that does it .... oh wait , I forgot . Juries !! 
Wednesday through Friday , All I really need to know I learned in Kindergarten . < PROPFIRST > B on Piano , and Me on Acting ! o . 0 
is kinda sad phase , but kinda not . 
wishes to never ever see the person who stole his trumpet . For his sanity , and their safety . 
Last night approaches . Soon its all over . Then more work begins . 
Got done with Symphony rehearsal . Thank you < PROPMALE > for allowing the use of trumpet , thank you JR for the offer of yours , Ill get your valve oil to < PROPMALE > tomorrow . Thank you < PROPMALE > for use of mouthpiece . 
This week , Wed : 7pm Student Recitals FA Theater Free for all . Thursday , 7pm < PROPMALE>'s Senior Recital FA Theater Free for all . Friday/Saturday 8pm Uog Fine Arts Departmental Concert . UoG Students Free others , Well I forget the prices . 
Apparently I had the best solo , tho the source of compliment isn't the greatest . Manages to scape through a Sonata . Someone get a stopwatch on that ? Must've been 12-15 mins . Poor Poor Audience . Esp cause I botched the 2nd movement soooo hard . Tho it was like the 3rd time I've been through the piece so meh whatever . I survived kinda sorta . 
has the weirdest dreams . 
Beat Doom the Rogue-like . Plasma Rifle with unlimited ammo is rather overpowered . want to try a pistol game next . But the jump from super easy to kinda easy is quite a difficult jump . And I still have yet to ascend a toon in S . L . A . S . H . ' E.M. Maybe over Christmas Break when I might have some time . 
Knows Pokemon are Hax . 
Got some P .... P .... P .... nop still can't say it . Played up to a High F# that was rather scary . \ 
And I've got duggies trumpet in some semblance of tune . I was all sorts of levels of sharp before . Ah well , end of the end . New priorities will be in place shortly . 
is tired . 
wants to play starcraft but can't cause his laptop has no power . 
5 months en counting , the timer has begun . 
wants to go to sela bay this weekend . who's down ? 
will be Hiking to Sela Bay in 2 weeks barring an act of god . This is the 19th of the month . Tentative time 9am start . How long we stay will depend on the group going . If you can read this you are invited . If you can't read this , well , too bad then :( 
looks like a ghost on his ID . 
wants to be done with the sick . 
believes he drank more water this afternoon than he has all of last year . 
So hike on saturday needs to be pushed back a half-hour or an hour . I am helping my other mother from 8-9ish so 9:30 -10am start should be marvelous . 
Is chillin at a YMCA waiting for my first plane on the long trip home . ETA 2 days , 2 hrs . XD Oh , and Happy Birthday to Vic . 
Due to a lucky change of events I am home 13 hours early . Gotta love continental airlines . Good to be home . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy & paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport & play along 
32m36s clostest to my personal personal best of 31 58 in a long long long long long time . 
Let's see how creative my facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy ' cause that's no fun 
The baby has arrived and is being used :) now to get home to install the important things for computing ( wow and sc2 ) :) 
to my newfound friends < PROPMALE > and juliette(sp ) thanks for the awesome night out . may there be many more . 
