Well happy new year everybody , I hope you enjoyed the night and all its festivities . 

I'm eating a < PROPFIRST > Burger . The only burger scientifically proven to cure hunger ! 
I think my game wants me to lose my capital was struck by a meteor and because my < PROPMALE > cities were so close to it all improvements were destroyed and my countries population crashed to half of what it was and then there were multiple industrial collapses so I didnt have any resources to rebuild my country with and because of the decline in population and toxic clouds I went broke it was really funny 
ODST is fun , especially when starting on Legendary , the only way to go in Halo games . 
I hope everyone has had a good day , and will enjoy their weekend . 
Arg . Sprint off the bus through the terminal up the street around the corner through the revloving doors up several flights of stairs through the hall around the corner , and we didn't have writing 101 today . The first time I wouldn't be late for class this year , and class had been cancled . I'de be really angry if it wasn't so funny . 
I hope everyone has a good Thanksgiving tomorrow . 
hahaha forgot I made a facebook account until a minute ago 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , I hope everyone enjoys their day by spending it with family and friends . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , I hope everyone enjoys their day by spending it with family and friends 
Computer is on the skitz . 
For the relative lack of celebration , I sure have a lot to be happy for tonight , frends , secret levels , the weather , < PROPMALE > sorts of things . :/ And then I figure theres < PROPMALE > ways things to improveand change . 
Ah hell yall already know what I'll say ( with exuberance ) so yeah . The centurian is an awesome movie . 
You know , hugs are wonderful things . They emobdy the love and care for someone that you have . The ability to emotionally connect , or having had a past connection to that sort of link . Not much makes a day better than randomly being hugged by someone you care about . 
Wow , you know those moments of enlightenment we're all hit with occasionally , well I had a dozey of one today . I'm really glad I've changed , though . Neurological development sure is a strange thing . Slow and steady at times , and rapidly exponential at others . 
I'm having the best night of my life !!! 
Sick wish Id stop puking or puke enough to feel better . 
Just had a wonderful day , I'm happy ! 
Had all four wisom teeth pulled today at 11 or 12 this morning . Feeling suprisingly good , still hurts , but not horrendously . 
The computer sucks , its glitching into another plane of non-existence . 
apparently my sister's force is too strong ... also computer is dieing dang 
I think I just won the SPAMING wars . Take it ahh . 
Yes , did a quick 2 1/2 < PROPMALE > run , can't wait for injuries to finish healing so I can really run , god I've missed it . 
Nothing to wake you up like being unable to breathe and then missing your mouth with the salt water , it doesn't hurt oh so good ... 
I love pokemon heart gold , its amazing ! 
gah theres so much laundry 
Why is it always so much fun to run from the cops ? 
I LOVE YOU GEEK SQUAD YOU'RE ALWAYS THERE TO HELP ME WHEN I NEED YOU ! <3 
Curse you Treay of Versailles paper ! No sleep tonight for < PROPFIRST > . 
Yeah finished my paper on the Treaty of Versailles . I hate how I had writer's block for the first 9 hours and finished a quarter of it , and how over the next two hours I stuggled not to go double the sugested < PROPMALE > ! ho-ah ! 
Why is it almost impossibe to wake up for school , but when I could potentially get the day off I fly out of bed ? And I didn't even get a day off , just a day delayed for the exam . 
I'm so tired ... 3 hour test on history ... got back to < PROPMALE > 5 minutes before school ended ... almost collapsed in the first two classes and the bus and now that I'm home , I can't seem to fall asleep . 
That was a funb day , kinda wish we had more time to play frisbee but oh well . How was everyone's day today ? Everyone get to enjoy the amazing weather ? 
Today's schedule so far , eat yardwork , yardwork , break , and soon more yardwork . 
GAH HYPER !!! :D Still why can't I ever be hyper when I'm going to lift weights or when I have to do yardwork ? 
I feel like I waste a lot of my time , even when I'm being more productive or intangibles are being created . 
I hate you writer's block , multi-page essays don't write themselves , and you sir are no help ! 
Oh thats right writer's block , Jon-boy just wooped your ass , now on to the sandman ! 
So based on how hard it is for me to stay focused while reading through thousands of pages of SEC filings , I figure I'd make a lousy accoutant ... course it could just be the fact that I've read through over 500 pages of them today alone ... 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > you're my heros ! I love you guys . <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 
\Like\ " this status and I'll post on your Wall\ 
I love you < PROPFIRST > you're amazing . 
Mmm , made biscuits , hashbrowns , bacon , and srambled eggs . ^_^ 
I hate feeling like I'm incapable of helping people I love . 
Mmm , this beef teriyaki spicy chili pizza I made is tasty ! 
Well so far I have taken the ACT , and likely failed the math , science , * and * essay parts .... I have some teriyaki now but its not evened out yet , but hopefully it will get there . Thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday . 
So < PROPMALE > is out early today , becuase the ovens were self-cleaning , set off the fire alarms , smoked up the entire school . And then after 30-40 minutes of waiting , we were allowed to go back inside and collect our stuff . It was pretty strange . 
Well I suppose today is the first day of summer vacation , I hope its a fun one . 
I'm glad it finnaly decided to warm up . Hello summer . 
Excited for the day . 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA I KNOW WHERE HE'S FROM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOW HE CAN NEVER ESCAPE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Huray my internet is finally back , its might be imperfect but it works ! 
That was a fun camp fire . 
As I grow closer to my friends , and understand them more completely , I feel more and more horrible when I am trying to make one of them feel better , and then it seems they become sadder than if I hadn't attempted to allieviate thier pain . 
I need to get control of my computer gameing addiction , I should be able to pull out of a game whenever and not get sucked into the funness of it so easily . 
YEAH MY INTERNETS FINALLY BACK AFTER A MONTH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Almost died when the internet decided to stop working XD 
Sometimes I just wanna copy someone else's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
I can't believe tomorrow will be the first day of school , summer went by far too quickly this year . 
Man that spider was so big , I wasn't even very surpirsed when it pulled out a couple of pairs of boxing mitts and fought me . 
I hate feeling like I'm being self centered , but its really interesting to learn things about myself from other perspectives . 
Might as well get up snce I've only gotten a few hours of sleep anyways , wish me luck . 
I feel like a fucking coward . 
I feel pretty loved , hope my depression stays out of my life for at least a while , sorry if I'm been more of an ass lately , thank you for all your support . I love you guys . 
I've got strawberries to eat , I'm happy . 
jonny rocket is a silly goosie . (; 
So yeah , my sister took over my facebook yesterday and since i just got home , I havn't been able to respond , so yeah . 
That was a fun walk to Fed and Sac , saw MR . Powers , who is indeed pretty sexy and looks like < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , saw Mrs. Hawkins , still as crazy as ever , Mr. Middleton had sub unfortuantely , and the best part was how neither school bothered to give me a name tag to show I wasn't some crazy guy there to reak havic . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody , hope yours is filled with bliss and fun . And have a great new year ! HURRAY !!!!!!!!! 
Col < PROPFEMALE > ge classes start again tomorrow , I should probably get my books soon . < PROPFEMALE > ts see how long I can hand < PROPFEMALE > three col < PROPFEMALE > ge classes , one equiva < PROPFEMALE > nt , and a high school class . < PROPFEMALE > temps d'apprendre < PROPFEMALE > français , preprare pour la SAT , et nous espérons trouver et avec < PROPFEMALE > s femmes de mes rêves . Ouais c'est vrai au moins , j'ai trasnlations sur Goog < PROPFEMALE > pour vous aider . Wish me luck , I'm going to need it . 
Man walking hurts , my foot is totaled . 
So theres an X in my wall where the paint is't and in my sleepy state I actually thought there would be treasure in my wall . I think I need to go to bed . 
I swear with all these morale boosters , assuming its possible , I will suceed at my goal . 
Oh yeah no 4th so I'm back home and gonna take a shower and eat before going back to school . ^_^ I'm becoming such a lousy student ... oh well . 
Pardon my language but screw you french homework I've been working on you for the past twelve godamn hours , and I'm still not done , I hereby declare the next few hours < PROPFIRST > time ! I am done with french for the day ! 
I'm done with homework for the weekend . I've put in just over 23 hours of work on it , and I can't think properly any longer . With my head throbbing from a cold , and my mind tormenting me with thoughts of that which I don't have , I can't think of anything else I need to improve my work , so I'm done . 
Alrighht finally a sick voice that instead of being high-pitched or mid puberty , is deep and sexy . Knowing my luck this manly will be gone before I tak to anyone though . 
I hate those dreams where your desires and wants come true , and everything is perfect and happy . And then you wake up and realize none of it happened , and most of it probably never will happen , even if you do the best you can to make them happen . 
Does anyone know the name of some bands that play extremely dark music filled past the brim with testosterone ? Death metal , screamo , heavy metal , etc just isn't adrenaline filling enough today . 
Its been a long day , hopefully my mind will let me rest tonight without anymore mocking dreams . Could really use a hug or someone to talk with , but its quarter after 2 in the morning so I doubt that'll happen . Goodnight , sleep well everyone . 
Today has been so much fun , enjoyed a mcgangbang at Mc Donalds with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > , then played with a monkey robot , turned the barnie song into a < PROPFEMALE > core song , and had a pillow fight in walmart . I can see why people don't always believe me when I say I'm straight as a ruler , I do some pretty wierd things . ;) ;) ;) intepic day so far 
I have had a lot of adventures today , after all that earlier stuff , went on a trip through memory < PROPFIRST > , ran around a semi-built house that didn't have a gate around it yet , and learned a life lesson from hamtaro . Still would be nice to < PROPFEMALE > out with more people and to get a nice hug . Lonliness depression is much harder to push out of mind than other types . 
Open house was interesting , feeling like I passed up a number of opportunities but oh well , theres always tomorrow for that . Now back to homework . 
Well that dream I ahad pointed out most everything I've done wrong so far . Lets see if I can stop screwing up and actually start getting to know her , cause if I can't even talk to her than I'm a coward . I'm going to talk to her today I swear it . 
Well I talked to her , but she just said one word and quickly walked away . I'm kinda glad she didn't see me cry , but I wish she knew how I felt , and how painful it is for her to just walk away so quickly . :'( 
How do I always screw everything up ? You think that after years of fcking up daily I'd be able to do something right occasionally . I can't do anything right . 
That was a much needed uplifting . 
Ok so I guess myfrenchnightmare isn't working right now so I'll do my french tomorrow . 
Man , these last two days have been fricken incredible , and they just keep getting better . I really like it when things go my way . :D 
I'm going to war with my homework , with my education , this is going to be a very long day . 
The computer is acting really wierd , it keeps wanting to freeze . 
Really she speaks french ? Here I am trying to get over my crush on her , and she has an awesome skill like that . Maybe I'll finally get to know her eh ? Great day , great day . :D 
I could really use some love right now . 
I'm so unsure about what to do . There so much conflictory information . I don't know how to procede or analyze the situation . I need to talk with some people so I can figure out what the hell the situation actually is . 
yeah I really did just stop by at school for lunch . I've got more important things to do today than highschool classes . I've got college and a personal life that needs dealing with . 
Ok ok so everyone having a lousy time at life right now it seems . So I propose we make a holiday where everyone just parties and shows everyone how much they love each other . It'll be amazing , just need to figure out when to place it , and some other peramiters . Which branches off to telling you all that I love you guys . You're amazing . <3 
You know , I think I need to get to know my friends better , theres a ton about them I don't know . 
Oh yeah it was aparty of one at Steel Lake this morning . I sang I danced , I swung and slid , stuff is too small though . Great time though , till them old joggers came and started mking me feel wierd bout singing and dancing and playing on the little kid stuff . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJMVj04lfyo 
Hey I've got a phone now , 206-992-2922 
This should be quite fun , going to Federal Way's homecoming with some of my pals . Kinda wish I were going with someone I loved , but then I wouldn't even have the ticket I do have , so I guess it will have to wait until another time . Well assuming I ever find someone who could love me . 
Well that was fun . glad to be back home . I love dances I may not be able to dance well , but I ; ll be damned if I'm not the most spirited dancer out there . :D Loads of fun , saw people I havn't seen in years , like < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , oh yeah fun night . 
I don't know why , but I'm really pissed off right now . And kinda depressed , I think it all this accursed homework . But jeez I could bash someones head in right now . Thats pretty worrisome to a pacifist guy like myself . I need to calm the heck down before going back to school . 
You know you're schedule is too full when you don't get to highschool till theres less than 2 minutes left in the day . And I'm not even sure if I'll have time to come back besides for Wednesday and part of friday . I miss sleeping . 
I just want somone to love , why should it be so difficult ? 
Finnaly dropped accounting it is certainly a lot off my shoulders . Still pissed off though , hopefuly I'll do something to calm myself down , just been so frustrated and angry recently . 
Warning this comment will have curse words in it , I'm just using this to let you know that the comment is where my actual status will be . 
Well that was a disaster . I'm crap when it comes to leading stuff . And not sleeping at night is begining to leave me really irritable . God I hope I don't blow up at school , cause its getting really hard to think or stay calm , both basic things I need to do . 
Rat hunters , skaven , twins , robbing a seaworld train , Starcraft with the zerg , mass confusion , train engines , studying french , hoes and swords , asian chipmunks with < PROPFIRST > o lanterns , yeast , christmas tree shooting , and so much more . Goodnight and wish me luck on my french test tomorrow . Goodnight everyone . 
Finally back from school , now I can eat , clean up my bloody feet , and collapse from exhaustion . Then it'll be homework . 
This test is hillarious , and the best part is this crap has actually happened . XD I love living in this messed up country . http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/graphic/2010/10/27/GR2010102708091.html?tid=wp_featuredstories 
< PROPFIRST > the terrorist or < PROPFIRST > the undead terrorist ? What are you all going to dress up as ? 
Anyone going up to Seattle , becuase I could use a ride , thanks if you do . Or if you know what bus to take to get to 1010 < PROPFEMALE > Street . Once again thanks , and I'll be searching the metro website to hopefully find an answer . 
Hey what are you all going as ? I've got a cousin < PROPFEMALE > selling car insurance , some amazing kids as zombies , a certain old guy as potentially a squrriel , the most beautiful girl I've ever seen as a cheerleader , a < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > pariing , manly < PROPMALE > the dark angel , collegiates as a Spartan Warrior and Dr. Frank-n-furten , a cat ?, some marines , and < PROPFIRST > the terrorist . 
Well I'm kind of glad I passed out from exhaustion , but on the other hand still have tons of homework to complete before tonight , and now I'm jealous of my dream self that was cuddling and kissing her . And I'm gonna have to pull an all nighter probably to finish my work and have fun tonight , jeez . 
My essay isn't due till tuesday , so fck it ! I'm becoming a really awful student , I can't focus on any of my work , I'm tired of the heavy class load . I , my good friends , am going through intense senioritus ! I want nothing more from this year than to become a happier more balanced guy . 
Wow what an intense halloween fail . 
Wow I really have more homework to do now , after a weekend , then I did friday night ... gods I'm so beyond tired that I'm not even able to focus , or work . I need lots more sleep . I mean my eye has been twitching for four days now and its getting really difficult to think quickly , obviously I need a real break or something to recuperate . 
Dammit microsoft let me download 07 again so I can fully install the dang program . Not this 10 crap , that has now expired so I can't < PROPFEMALE > work on my homework . Dang , I'm pretty much screwed homework wise right now . 
Wow I was doing my homework and passed out from exhaustion again , I'm getting sleep whether I want to or not now . But it certainly isn't helping the homework effort ... 
I need to make coffee , gonna pull another all nighter , hope I last another one . My body is physically incapable of handling too many more nights without sleep . Lets hope my homework starts disapearing huh ? 
I hate all nighters stuff is too blurry . 
YEAH I FINISHED MY HOMEWORK !!!! NOW I CAN GO TO BED ... FUCK !!!!!!! 
Its been such an introspective day . With a full nights worth of sleep my mind is pretty functional again , and I'm in a somewhat positive mood . Cleaning my room , and sorting stuff out , doing some work here and there . Lots of reorganizing how I process my life this year . The election results were amazing weren't they ? 
I think I'm going to go to bed still extremely tired , goodnight guys . Would someone mind telling me what this two daddies business is ? Night ... and yes I know its only 3 o clock but hey I'm tired . 
You know those days when you wake up exhausted , sore , sleepy , sick , weak , and a little down and you still know you're going to have a freaking amazing good day . I'm almost pumped , cept not , but I am at the same time . Bring it world , bring it ! 
Gorgeous rainy days like these are to be savored , with a nice war history book , filled with strategies , doctrines , and plans of the past . A new view on how to do a better job killing , and defeating all that stand in your way . Oh yeah and I wooped some ass on the SAT , didn't do so hot on the math part probably but hey when you don't do math for a couple years eh ? 
It seems that the countries of the world are becoming more nationalistic . And that we're trying to box in < PROPFEMALE > . 
You know maybe I'm just being paranoid . To many war books . \ 
How are all of you doing ? I miss talking with everyone ( well you know those of you I actually talk with on here that I havn't recently ) 
Off to go airsofting . And you're quite right if I just had some girl skills I'd be a prefect guy . Oh well . BYE EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT DAY !!! 
Ow you know when you're stretching and you acidentally punch yourself in the face really freaking hard ? XD My face hurts more than it did now . 
I don't wanna go back to school ... maybe just a full full college student , then I only need to go to highschool when I want to . 
Off to school for an hour before I'll get to come back home . Fck I'm late ! XD 
XD I like how I played and lost that robot unicorn game just so I could listen to the song . 
How is it that on my days off of school I have more homework than on school days ? I mean seriously , this is stupid . 
Alright I've signed up for French II , Weight Training , Pottery , and American Literature II Civil War- WWI . And now to work on biology , which I will be very happy to finish in a mere two weeks . ^_^ 
Damn I'm pretty pissed off . I'm just so frustrated . I want to punch life in the face until it bleeds to death . 
I'm going to be so tired tomorrow . Two days a of relatively little sleep for the weekend , followed by not studying for that biology test tomorrow , not wriing thw discussion part of the pea lab yet , and not rewriting my essay on human cloning were bigs mistakes . All nighter round who evens knows anymore COMMENCE ! :'( I need to stop making bad decision like this whole procrastination thing I really do miss sleeping . 
I love those 3 hours naps in between working on homework that you call going to bed . Mm I could certainly use a hug right now , this feeling of helplessness creaps on everytime I try to do biology , its so pathetic that something like a class can get me so down . 
Oh damn I forgot we also have a french test today . XD crap I didn't study enough I don't think ... 
So I'm thinking after this quarter is done , I'm going to start sleeping at night again . It should be pretty awesome . 
Did anyone else see the explosions of blue and green , across the red and blue clouded sky , when the lighting came down . The booming sound of the drums of war up in the sky . The flaying wind slashing at you , blasting little shards of shrapnel that are pine cones at you . All these things pulsing around you , battering you . Yeah hpe that came out kinda poetic , anything is < PROPFEMALE > than actually doing my work . XD 
I'm not sure if I should be excited for the rest of the week , or pensive . But hey the electricity is back on . I want someone to love . I dislike feeling lonely . Does anyone else ever wonder who reads these posts we all send up at least occsionaly , or more than occasionally ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XCW1i5HQ0o0 
So I just tried sledding and snow boarding down my drive way in the top of a giant pice of cardboard . Didn't work out so well , but I had fun trying to do all that using cardboard . I felt ( I believe the word is ) ghettotabulous ! 
Je veux l'amour et ne peut pas l'avoir . Je me sens triste et seul . Je veux quelqu'un pour me tenir jusqu'à ce que je me sens mieux . Je veux quelqu'un pour m'aimer . Je n'aime pas < PROPMALE > émotions qu'ils me b < PROPMALE > ser . 
Oh hey , I still have my name tag on from this morning . So much devoir left so little time . Night everyone , I love you all ! <3 
I WANT TO BE A POKEMON MASTER WHEN I GROW UP ! I want to be the very best , like no one ever was . I will travel across the land searching far and wide . Its you and me , I know its my < PROPFEMALE > . My hearts so true , and courage will pull me through . You teach me and I'll try to teach you . I'll battle everyday to claim my rightful place . Arm in arm we'll win the fight , its always been our dream . :D 
Today , the french final , I'm not sure if I'm going to pass my minds trying to go on vacation , and I can't seem to keep the language in my head . Well wish me luck I spose though I figure I'll still pass the class if I fail . 
Well heck , this is a much more logical reason for my compulsion to be nice but stay relatively shy . Now I just need to figure out what to do . 
I was not meant to sleep peacefully last night . Four times I get killed by < PROPMALE > Crougar , then a few more times by various possesed woman , again by some wherewolf lizard thing , my loyal generic dog , zombies ate me twice , freakin < PROPFIRST > comes outof the woodworks to beat me down before I 
Its funny how irony tastes more like copper than iron . 
Dang I needed that eleven hours of intense sleep , was way overly depressed yesterday . Good morning world , how are you doing today ? I'm doing much better personally , and hopefully it'll stay that way . 
I like how that half mile sprint I did a while ago is making me hyper . I might go for another run in a little bit , I need to get rid of this excess of energy . No point in wasting being overly energetic since I havn't gotten as much exercise as I'd like recently . 
Its pretty sweet I'm exempt from tonights Science Fair at < PROPMALE > , still going to show up though to see what everyone did and show support . They've all been working exceptionally hard for this . 
Oh hey , apparently its the 219th aniversery of the ratification of the < PROPMALE > of Rights today . So happy < PROPMALE > of Rights day today , providing freedom to Amercians for 219 years now . Freedom for the win ! :D 
DUDE Repo-man is hella cool . I love that < PROPFEMALE > showed it to her class on the day of the blood drive . Its so amazing , its just like Sweeney < PROPMALE > , an awesome dark musical that just makes you happy inside . Though for this one your insides may be taken away . 
My assasins lullyby first draft , let me know what you think . I just thouht it up while walking . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , I hope you all enjoy you day . And even if I dont show it outwardly all the time or have any expression of it for some , I really do love you guy ; every last one of you . <3 
Grr , it makes no sense that I don't want to sleep . I love sleeping . I almost never have the time to sleep all I want . Its been one of my favorite things to do for as long as I can remember , probably longer . So why am I so unsleepy so awake ? Its ticking me off . >:( Honestly once school starts again I'll be forced to wake up early , why aren't I enjoying myself while I can ? 
Whats everything think about a rare earth mining operation in < PROPFEMALE > ? Viable commercially or would it need subdisidies to start up ? On another related note , what does everyone think about a corporation that deals with and solves US national security and geo-political goals ? 
If welfare decreases unemployment , just like not allowing child labor and other methods of keeping a lower number of legal workers , does that in affect force businsses to pay higher salaries ? How much affect does supply and demand affect salaries ? 
Wow that first status program was off . It had something from last week . My real first status was \I'm eating a < PROPFIRST > Burger . The only burger scientifically proven to cure hunger ! \ " 9/12/09 11:49 am Haven't had the appetite for that much meaty goodness in months though . " 
Well after the first hour of class my hearing has been severely tested . With the whole left part of my face going numb by english . Now its down to mere pain again , heres to hoping my ears heal real quick or its gonna be one lame week . 
My backpack is really over 50 lbs ... can't wait to sell back some of that dead weight and store the rest in a locker . I hope all the ice has melted . 
Well , I still need to apply somewhere , or at the least figure out what I want to do . Its not too late is it ? I don't even know what I want to < PROPMALE > in yet . And an Associates doesn't amount to < PROPFIRST > diddly as far as I'm concerned . 
I abhor heros , they've never seemed real . Maybe its time to find someone to be like , to have something to strive towards . Well enough of writing posts that'll go unread I have some serious college studying to do sadly . 
Is there any purpose in going to bed two hours before I need to start my day ? It really does't seem worth it , and sides , if I do my french homework for tonight now then when I come home I can just go straight to bed . And I can cook myself a good meal this morning too . 
Is there anyone that didn't want Tk and < PROPFEMALE > to get together in digimon ? 
Damn man , I was way too energetic a minute ago . Did a pull up with so much force I hit the ceiling and knocked the pull up bar down , and fell on the floor . Nothing like holding onto something in midair to not slow down your fall at all . 
Well I'm glad today is about over . Felt like I was gonna die so many times at college and school . But my throat has stopped bleeding , my migraine is gone , and I'm not uneasonably exhausted . Hurt my tail bone yet again though , and I do not feel prepared for my french test tomorrow I keep forgetting even stuff I've learned . 
My french teacher Mr. Matthies is so badass ! Plays all sorts of instruments , been all over the world , works part time in a morgue disecting brains for alzheimer's research , and a pretty funny guy . I mean come on the guy teaches french by day and disects brains by night ! XD 
I hope the chamber of commerce presentation is as interesting as it sounds . 
Alright now that I've finally finished my homework , I can sleep for three hours , wake up exhausted and unprepared for my redo-french test , exhaust myself further in wieght lifting and pottery . Then use my last mental resources to get through english , before coming home and really going to bed for the day . 
Was tres malade , but I'm feeling better . And when I was out all dressed nicely three different people thought I was an employee and asked for help . And got some looks from people . I have to say I do look like a sexy beast in businss casual . I'm ready for this FBLA conference I think . 
Why is it all the work that needs to be done immediately needs to be done at the same time ? And when I'm doubly incapable of fufilling my obligations ? I feel so pernicious when I break my word . Its a contravention to my spirit . 
Good god this mid-term is kicking my ass . 
This mid-term is still whooping my ass . I get writer's block on the worst days . 
Well I'm certainly not going to bed tonight . This mid-term project is absolutely beating my ass into the ground . Been workin on it all day and with almost nothing to show for it . 
Do any of us sleep anymore ? Mid-term still kicking my ass . Happy Valentines day . Damn , I don'tthink I can pull anymore all nighters . 
Sweet ! I can finally get to bed . Night ! 
I love how everyone at < PROPMALE > say hi . It makes me feel special . Definately brightens my day after constant disapointments , or excessive work . ^_^ 
Right , well I'm going to bed . Its been an incredibly filled weekend . Absolutely amazing though , full days work and more at pottery and friend time . It's too intense . 
Crud , graduation prep is today at < PROPMALE > isn't it ? Cause I've got to finish my pottery and go through a couple hours of classwork and'll probably be late . 
Why does green river have an update for yesterday and why was that just about an hour ago ? I want to know if my classes are cancled . 
Oh wait they posted new info . HOORAH !!! NO CLASS ! 
Ow . Heres to not getting hurt again today . 
Ah la vache ! C'est la fin des haricots ! On , comme < PROPFEMALE > cheveau sur la soupe . Je prendre l taureau par < PROPMALE > cornes . C'est < PROPFEMALE > bouquet . J'en < PROPFEMALE > ras- < PROPFEMALE > -bol . < PROPMALE > carrots sont cuites . Je < PROPFEMALE > etre a la col < PROPFEMALE > , j'etre < PROPFEMALE > bon coup . J ciel mon mar . Prendre son pied . Je < PROPMALE > n'avoir pas a zero . XD Oh the stuff you find on the internet , great phrases . 
Gotta say I'm getting in fairly decent shape . Out bench pressed my dad ! 
What's everyone's favorite type of cake ? 
Man , my mind has been all over the place today . And funnily enough , though I read it dilligently yesterday and this morning I didn't need to ; I was the onlyone to have read the book . Why do I ever even bother worrying about this sort of stuff ? 
Man , that guys probably right , I need to be the god of war , not the god of dependability . And I'm also pretty gosh darned sure I can be assertive and whatnot . 
Nothing like a five hour nap to let you know you need to sleep more . 
The whole homework thing just doesn't seem to be working for me tonight . Thank goodness for procrastination . Maybe I just need to sleep more ? 
The gauntlet was thrown down . Brownies , cake . Fellow collegiates rejoice ! For I shall bring this bounty . Now I just need to figure out how I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > it around since its for ( hopefully ) more than one class ... There definately isn't enough for all four of em so ... first come get to eat ? 
What the heck ? I try to give away cake and brownies at the college and noone wants them ! I really doubt everyone is watching thier weight that closely , I mean really . 7 classrooms , 11 teachers , and I still ended up eating like 8 little pieces of cake and they're still not finished off . Don't people like this sort of stuff ? I swear , ridiculous . 
I don't know if I'll be able to finish my english final . Does anyone know when the greenriver library is open or if it is this week ? 
Down to just needing to finish my research paper . And then I sould really study for french @_@ 
Man ! I tell ya , this final is coming alog nice , but its really really boring being by yourself in the middle of the night . Someon should respond or start a conversatoion with me . 
You know when it comes down to it ... Its not the size of the essay that matters , its how you use your words . XD I so clever . 
I smell freedom in the air . My day is lighted by opportunity , I'm ensorceled by optmism . 
Man ulimae multi-tasker right here . Learning the commercial uses of argon , doing some basic financial planning , and watching the swan < PROPFEMALE > . How am I single ? XD goddang Im lame 
Did any of us want to be a pokemaster when they grew up ? Cause pokemon is still pretty amazing ! :D 
Who else wants to start a world record breaking congo line ? Like right now ? 
YEAH !!! Down to 9% body fat . Was still way up at 22% this time last year . All these years of exercise are finally cumalating to a healthier ( and sexier , if thats possible ) me . :D Now I'm gonna go dance in the rain . 
