Pick an emotion and stick with it 

Happy New Years 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . ;) 
its hot in this laundry room and im not even doin laundry what type of fragernacklebull is this 
in trouble as always does anything ever change 
on the bus and some black guy in the back wasted off budweiser n screamin bout something why it always gotta b the black man 
why am i at the dentist and im not the one getting anything done 
tired as idk what . just gettin home soaked in sweat . legs burnin cause some ppl wanna walm all extra slow . and ima bout to pass out from exhaustion because of some ppl im not naming no names . you kno who u r < PROPFEMALE > 
Getting really tired of this stuff how bout i just say f#$@ THIS ALL and just get really violent 
Ask me three questions , only in my inbox . I'll answer them honestly . Put this as your status if you're brave 
Gotta go to < PROPFIRST > street for some bs test and of course it would be at 9 in the morning in brooklyn why me 
on my way to brooklyn to take this test wish me luck 
Im about to pass out im odie scared to take this test the wait is cruel and unusual punishment 
im sad think i failed the test . Missing my girls demaris < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > parks , < PROPFEMALE > acosta , < PROPFEMALE > kinlaw , and i miss my lil sis chels . chels i miss you 
See its this type of stuff that makes you grab somebody stomp somebody slap somebody n break some bones 
Pissed beyond recognition 
You never know what you have until you lose it 
Bout to head out to the jungle . Need to be outside playing if i wanna play in college . Hopefully i havent gotten < PROPMALE > ovr the summer cant let my tennis game slip 
why is this day coming so quick this is such a pain in mine 
Salt is the craziest movie ever 
yo i meet an african today . and im not being racist or nuthin but i swear his name had a click in it . his name was ( click sound ) bile 
Rejection , dismissal , attempted redemption , and failed endeavors . Life has its ups and downs . Some ppl seek all the above for forgiveness and some use them as justification for their crimes . Cant we all just forgive and forget or at least try to move on from it 
They say women love stronger then anyone else but i disagree . Quote from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > \ We men may not love often but when we do we love just as strong " 
People are really starting to get on my nerves . Try to go out of my comfort zone and be nice and it blows up in my face . So you know what im not pleasing nobody its either we do it my way or we just aint doing it .. Dont need this leaving in days so now im going on an ousting status 
4 days and i leave . 4 days and my life starts all over again . For 18 years 4 months 25 days 6 hours and 7 mins ive lived for this day and when the time came that i could finally attain it its just another day 
theres gotta be something wrong when you dont go to sleep every morning tlll 4 and then get up at 8 
on some serious bs locked out my house n my mother is sleep this is why i dont take out da garbage 
Today im leaving and when i jump ship ima hit the ground running 
Well im here chillin in my room it would be better uf my mother would leave and stop sleeping and drooling on my bed 
these ppl need to leave me alone and let me stay in my nice cool room on my laptop n playin my playstation 
Here we go first day of classes and its a trip . 9 am to pm no breaks what so ever . Barely enough time to get to class . And it would be the day i have bio chem math and my other two classes oye ve ! 
chillin in the dorm with big dog n < PROPFIRST > playing battle front . bout to go bowling and whip them again 
Not in the best of spirits having < PROPMALE > issues with ppl i thought i was close with looks like in the end its u against the world . SO me and my < PROPMALE > weasel gonna stick it out even if we dont have anybody 
First week down n nobody answer me < PROPFEMALE > i txt them lol 
Youi just gotta dig down and keep on trucking . Life is just a real pain its a total drag and its full of disappointment and empty promises 
Whats the point of college if you dont have some fun and relax 
Scrapes bruises bumps cuts and scares life full of them it just takes a while to realize how you get them how you get rid of them and if it was even worth getting them in the first place 
1 hour and im nyc bound 
why is it snowing up here in OCTOBER 
happy i posted 
i feel like being vague 
everyone just shut it and accept the blank < PROPFEMALE > that is my profile lol 
They say im up to no good . I say i down for the cause . \ 
Theres two things i never break and thats my word and my laws 
Weasel and JD were here :) 
ok now we have legit snow up her in bumbphillipegypt and its sticking 
feels nostalgic 
2nd year and things couldnt be better love ya jazz 
has a relay race to do but doesnt know if he feels like racing anymore . Just found out something VERY VERY VERY INTRESTING 3 :) \ 
Trifling little @#$%^ 
Welp i have no reason to stick around anymore permanently im going ghost :( 
hates when you put in all that work and some other mofo reaps the benefits of sll your hard work 
2 am HALO TIME LOL 
2more days and im outtie 
back in the city and oh lord did i miss all this chaos 
this is why kids go AWAY to college for freedom and sometimes they dont EVER come back 
IM HUNGRY LOL 
i feel fat just ate 15 tacos 7 hard 8 soft two burritos and a large brisk < PROPFIRST > ice tea yeah whats good < PROPFIRST > adu 
I HATE LOVE 
So Sick- Neyo 
Gonna go to the gym got ALOT of steam to blow off properly and non violently 
Heart Ha . I Have Filled My Heart With Hate . Artemis 
Fool me once shame on you . Fool me twice shame on me . But we arent getting the second time im one and done 
Lol it aint my fault 
Cant you people just do what you say u r if u cant tell people so they aint waiting for lik hours for a call that aint comin 
Went to go get dinner 3 ( sub ) back in 5 mins dont sign off 
BORED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Leaving in days im AMPED 
home again and i have to say i think i missed it more than i thought 
Its looking like i may get stood up no answer hmmm hope not . 
which leg gets broken first left or right/ . do you want a wing or a wishbone 
hope not stood up twice 
if im lying im crying -mator \ 
im not lying so why am i crying 
IM GOING TO KILL HER . HER BEING < PROPFEMALE > REU 
Last two years in order :\ 
Can I Take You Out - < PROPMALE > Vandross\ 
I Cant Believe It - T Pain\ 
My Boo -Usher\ 
Your Love < PROPFEMALE > Minaj\ 
Letting Go - < PROPFIRST > Kingston\ 
Break Up - Mario\ 
So Sick - Neyo\ 
Voices - Rev Theory\ 
Move Along - All American Rejects\ 
Eye Of the Tiger - Survivor\ 
Find Myself In You - < PROPFIRST > McKnight\ 
Where do we go from here ? 
i hope tomorrow i get what i want 
im full 3 mcdoubles a micrib 4 piece and three bowls of cereal lol its the coby in me 
playing kingdom hearts cause im sooo bored and my other games are back at school 
Want to talk to but kinda stalker lol 
Waiting for the call i have been expecting all week 
Live life one moment at a time instead of each day . Treasure the people who make u laugh and smile . The best moments in life are spent with someone else 
standing in toys r us for the woman to say we dont have anymore bikes when i just saw like 8 of them so tell me am i blind or can she not count 
One year , one month , one week , one day , one hour , one minute , or one second it doesnt matter as long as im with you it will feel like an eternity 
watching boondocks episode where he goes out wit da chock named < PROPFEMALE > and flies to Malaysia i feel lik grandad right now :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all 
why me and my mother play one up right now i said im wearing swede boots with a fadora she gonna say im wearing chinchilla why lmao 
Mad as idk what just heard something that makes me both angry and hurt if u aint wanna be bother at least say it to my face 
i look lik < PROPFEMALE > after coming from outside 
bored but happy i need something to do 
i used to hate to love and love to hate but now thanks to you i love to love and hate to hate 
My New Year's Resolution : To do what ever i have to to get back to exactly where we were back in ' 09 <3 
Will I ever see her at this point I do not know . But if a yes or no from my opinion is required i think not . I shall not see that which i wish to lay my eyes upon . Woe is me . How long have I endured I truly do not know . :,( 
cant take this 6 weeks of vacation is killing me i need some classes or sumthin I mean if I was to < PROPFEMALE > wit her it wouldnt be so bad but since im not GET ME OUT OF HERE AND BACK TO COBY TO DO SOME WORK !!!!!!!!!! 
Already had one round of bad news . Now i see a little sunshine in the form of a person and they shut the door on me . Im just a glutton for punishment . This is the part were you go full blown ARIES and start let rage take over . ( Its what i do ) I need a crab to cool me off but thats not happening so guess what that means . Searingly angry ram(Aries ) time . 
BORED 
My life has been one knock down after the other . BUt you always have to get up . Usually you find a reason to get up . Now im not sure if i can find one , nor am i sure if i really want to get up this time . 
6 weeks and no appearance idk what some ppl call it but thats straight up violation 
When you're in love you never really know whether your elation comes from the qualities of the one you love , or if it attributes them to her . Whether the light which surrounds her like a halo comes from you , from her , or from the meeting of your sparks . 
We are threatened w/ sufferin from 3 directions from our own body which is doomed to decay and dissolve w/ pain and anxiety as warnin signals from the outside world which rages against us w/ overwhelmin and merciless forces of destruction n finally from our love to the opposite sex . Which can prove to be somethin even the strong willed cant handle . The sufferin which comes from this last is more painful than any other 
The worst thing one can do is not to try . To be aware of what one wants and not try to get it , to spend time in silent hurt wondering if something could have materialized never knowing whether or not it would of happened . Should you say it or just hold it in . But if u say it and it doesnt come to be what than . But if u dont say than it never will be . Such is my dilemma . Who knew a volcano could have cool spots in it 
im hungry 
Heading for coby soon 
in coby time to start packing to go home :_( 
Then tell me why i see her dancing there . Why her swollin eyes still scorch my soul . I feel her i see her the sun caught in her < PROPFEMALE > hair is blazing in me out of all control . Like fire hellfire this fire in my skin . This burning < PROPFEMALE > is turning me insane 
whats there to do when part of you is on vacation and its not coming back for a while 
pepperoni sausage and bacon pizza , orange 2 liter orange soda and chocolate cake all for me . AH LIFE IS GOOD 
WHY AM I ALWAYS BORED . Guess thats going to end 2morrow i have school finally !! Psychology and math 
SO BORED . Sometimes i think its just a boring existence . Whether Coby or NYC im just bored no matter what i do . I need a vacation 
watching silent library 
If a man loses everything he owns has he truly lost his worth or is it the beginning of a new and brighter birth . So how do you measure the worth of a man in wealth or strength or size , in how much he gained or how much he gave . The answer will come . 
Home from class . That place is a jungle mixed with a maze and a rubix cube sheesh got lost like 5 times 
demonized + weaponized = paralyzed 
Just finished watching < PROPMALE > potter and the deathly hallows on my laptop im sad dobby is dead :( 
Almost 5 am not tired at all got to much stuff on the brain to sleep . These females are going to be the death of me . Scars and scratches from one . From the other alot of emotional turmoil in various forms . Both suit me just fine and are exactly what u need . Yet somehow i feel its not them anymore its me . Maybe it always has been ! Think i need to just back off completely and permanently hmm ??? 
Just saw something i really didnt want to see i HATE news feeds and its official im done !!!!! 
I CANT FEEL MY ARMS 
What happend to Sharnell Burgess yesterday ?????????? 
just finished getting my ear pierced yay me ( sarcastic ) 
bored and feelimg like i need to go to school to keep my mind off things 
If I had one wish we would be best friends , love would never end it would just begin . If I had one wish you would be my girl . Promise to love you , ill trust you if you trust me . \ 
- A.J. 
CANT WAIT to switch schools . I need to get out of here theres tooooo many memories here i dont want to have to keep this cycle going and theres no room for me anymore so need to leave 
Class at 830 2morrow morning amped somewhat but still sad for reasons only some ppl know 
JERK JERK JERK sums me up pretty well right about now why do i keeep doing this to myself ? 
I just found my baby booties their soooooo small AWWWW LOL 
Oh life . How can you be so nice at one point and so evil and vindictive at another . Makes me wonder how on earth can you lure someone into such bliss and than shoot it down and stand over it with the barrel steam and double tap for good measure . Welp how many double taps can you give life i think one is good why you have to do it 7 , 8 times im done already STOP RELOADING JEEEZ 
19 in a month EXTRA HYPE 
Just finished watching transformers 2 the best part ...... \ 
\ Give me your face . I rise you fall . \ " \ 
She said wheres my fone yet shes talking to me with it 
Kinda getting upset every1 says maybe you shouldnt go i wanna go and i know that . i wouldnt charge in blind i kno what im gettin myself into and im not scared to do . wether im ready may be part of the issue but if i feel i can handle it than let me do it . i gotta do what i feel is right . i can sit around not doing anything or hoping that things will go the way i want . 
If i wasnt sure before im definetly going now . Gettting really tired of you and ur mood swings dont care anymore what you are your friends say IM GOING !!!!! 
Called my recruiter today he doesnt answer the phone really ! -______- . Pick up the phone already so we can get this moving i dont got all day 
Im about to go pick up Devi YAY little chubby baby 
Starting to get a little pissed 
As if i wasnt hard enough to go into the coast guard before now my mom is freaking out about the tsunami that hit japan this morning oye ve whats with all the tsunamis 
Cant believe its been almost 19 years . And yet i really dont feel any different . A little taller more bass in my voice other than not nothing still a kid at heart still not sure what i want but all i know is what i like and who i like wow thats ridiculous 
Now because of diary of a wimpy kid i cant stop walking around and saying \ Wake up in the morning feeling like P Diddy\ " . SMH " 
I think i just broke my toe . OWWWWWWWW . Oh well moving on 
im running on 30 mins of sleep i just went to bed and now she walks me up to the store its a wonder i cnt even move 
just got finished watch the video for coast guard boot camp for the 5th time . That video shakes and scares me to my core . Actually had my heart racing from being so scared . All i can say is \ I CANT WAIT TO GO \"" 
so pissed right now i want to explode into a violent rage 
she said simba likes boys and he looks like his daughter 
Ugh can i go one day without drama between me and my mother just one full day . If thats too much to ask for can i get lik 3 hours or something ? Why Why Why 
OK got the ASVAB tomorrow nervous yet ready need to get this over with . Just shot for the 65 AFQT and im good so fingers crossed i take it at 9 by 10 or 11 i kno my future sheesh 
ok asvab in an hour ok breath breath 
got an 81 on my asvab hype as idk what qualify for almost every job without even getting my other 5 section scores 
I just realized i went the whole day without doing even one april fools on someone wth -_______- 
only been here 2 hours and ive eaten three times shes tryna make me fat ahhhhhhh 
yes the rum cake i made is done 
Feeling increasingly mad . All i see is red . Making burning tears . Face is buring from how much the tears burn from my anger . Decieved and lied to/wrong or any other word you wanna use still tastes the same . Never gonna open up again . Complete shut down permanently 
Soar and tired from all these push ups and these walks up this ridiculously steep hill . And helping my cousin with his 200 lb dog cage doesnt help either . Meanwhile i just got whipped in blackjack by an 84 yr old woman 17 blackjacks and 37 21s shes a ringer 
Mood : Hmmmmmm extra extra VIOLENT . Lets just say someone isnt gonna be happy about their condition . Im gonna put on a clinic for this one >.< 
CAN I JUST GO TO THE COAST GUARD ALREADY UGH 
