Had my second day of Blue Horizon today . We also discussed about how to pay for the Disney Land trip today in Choir as well and as always , I'm excited to go ! 

Still waiting for any word from Wal-mart about my application to their store . Thinking I should just try McDonalds , Burger < PROPMALE > , and Subway again or just apply at Khols . 
is excited about Japanese Club tomorrow . 
had my first day of Japanese club today , was also elected as secretary 
I'm excited for this year's Choir Disney Trip . Gotta get a job to help raise the money needed for the trip but still , I'm riveted with anticipation !!! 
2nd day of Japanese Club today , WoooHoooo ! This is going to be gooooood !!! 
feelin ' a little bit tired , see ya'll tomorrow ! 
Still feels a little bummed from what happened yesterday at the pep dance . The fact that my friend's mother had to go to the hospital still saddens me . :( 
Felt like I had a cold today , but all I had was minor symptoms but still , it's just like what they say \getting sick is a pain in the butt . \"" 
Intense game of Ultimate Frisbee during lunch today . I actually did pretty good , because usually I am lucky enough to catch 1 , but today , I caught 3 ! :) 
I never thought , they would make a Cirque Du Freak movie until now ! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When finished , paste this paragraph into your own status and see what happens . You'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Sometimes I don't get my cat Halo . What do I look like to her , a walking pin cushion ? 
Well , it's finally happened . My parents are going to get a divorce . I know there's nothing they can do about it but still , it freaking sucks and it's got me pissed off . I realize that they have to do this .... I don't know what to do . I don't hate my parents for this in fact , I know they need this . I'm just going to have to get it through my head . 
Well , my sister's prediction has come true , including mine :p , IT'S SNOWING AT MY HOUSE !!!!!!!!!!! 
Best movie ever has to be The Postman , every single time I see the ending of that movie , I always cry and I don't know why ! lol :p 
Okay , so today in Japanese club we did a little < PROPMALE > thing on how to draw manga ( japanese c < PROPMALE > oons ) and I made a very awesome drawing and it was my first time as well ! If anyone wants to see it , it'll be on my profile < PROPFEMALE > as soon as I am able to put it on there . 
OMG , so I'm watching 2 and a half men and right now I see < PROPFIRST > CLARKE < PROPMALE > on it . This is a once in a lifetime event ! 
Alright so I'm really laughing right now . My cat Halo everyday does something funny . Today , she claws one of my moms chairs ( which she hates , the clawing I mean lol ) and everytime she claws and then shoots off back in my room . Somehow I think she was at one time herself in the past a vigilante or something because she's doing hit and run tactics lol 
* sigh * moment of truth Monday . Go back down to Seattle to select my job for the Navy , only bad side is .... I have to be at the recruiting center by 4:30 in the morning . 
Alright , so I'm a little pissed about are whole criminal system . What I don't get is why is it so hard to waste a bullet on the criminals who deserve it ? This includes people charged with man slaughter , etc ., basically the crimes that deserve it . I just don't get it . >:[ 
Shame On You America : The Only Country Where We Have Homeless Without Shelter , Children Going To Bed Without Eating , Elderly Going Without Needed Meds , And Mentally Ill Without Treatment - Yet We Have A Benefit For People Of Haiti On 12 TV Stations . 99% Of People Won't Have The Guts To Copy And Repost This . I DID WILL YOU ??? 
Saw the funniest thing on Pawn Stars . Chumlee testing out a double barrel musket w/ a flip out bayonet yelling a battle cry at the top of his lungs while charging at a target . Funniest thing was they played it in slow motion ! lol 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only 4 words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( If you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
Feels like there's lead weights attached to my legs . Gah , Strength Training in the morining . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictinary says about your name in the first comment . 
Lol , okay so I saw something very funny and sad . A movie preview of the live action movie of the anime series Avatar : the Last Airbender . Too funny 
Okay , so yesterday I was reading a book I borrowed from the Library , Patient Zero , and now I'm afraid of what could happen in the future with terrorism . The fact that the terrorists in this book used chemical warfare to the point where they can now create zombies just from using priom diseases , an example of which is Mad Cow Disease , really gets me thinking of what terrorists can do in actuality anytime soon . 
Finally got my tattoo today ! The fact that it looks so cool completely nullifies the fact that it hurt like hell ! ^_^ 
IMPORTANT MESSAGE ..... PLEASE HELP FIGHT THESE SCAMS ! Mafia Wars and Farmville Friends , please stop joining groups , they do nothing but let hackers in and cause problems with facebook , you WILL NOT get anything free . Zynga , Mafia Wars and Farmville has already advised that they are not the originators of these scams . Please copy and repost so we can stop it . 
Click \like\ " if I've ever made you smile in your life . Make this your status and see how many people you have made smile . :) " 
I HATE being sick , especially on the day of the choir concert >.< 
Okay , so me and my dad were hanging out at one of his friend's house and while I was taking a little nap , < PROPFIRST > decided as a practical joke placed shaving cream on my hair . The instance it touched my hair , I was up . It was funny ! 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , here's a task for you ... I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . Fun to read some history ? 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beatuiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart < PROPMALE > . 
Lol my cat is weird . Right now , she is trying to be comfortable in my lap while I also have the laptop 
WOOOOOOOOO ! Last choir concert went great ! God am I going to miss all my choir friends who are graduating this year . Anyways , great job everyone ! Let's keep it up next year ! And good luck to all the Seniors ! 
WOOOO ! At long last , I have FINALLY passed the math exam ! 404 score ( Level 3 , Proficient ) . Eat your heart out WASL ! 
* sigh * what a great fourth of July yesterday . And the best way to celebrate it : shooting off box after box of shotgun shells and hit < PROPMALE > pigeons . We must have went through 200-300 dollars worth of ammo lol . 
Black = I hate you . Pink = I like you . Purple = Iwould date you . Blue = I did love you . Red = I do love you . ...... Orange = I like talking to you . White = I really care about you . Silver = We'reclose . Green = You're cute . Yellow = I couldn't ... live without you . ~ Set this as your status ..., and see what colors you get . 
It's surprising that the book Pillars of the Earth would turn out to be a great book to read . Whats more surprising is that now it's becoming an 8 part series on Starz , I'm looking forward to seeing how good it is 
went to see Despicable Me today , very awesome movie , though one of the previews of the upcoming movies baffles me , they are coming out with a Smurfs movie , live action/computer animations , like Transformers or Shrek 
Hates this freakin recession . Tried almost every single place in Sedro , Burlington and Mount < PROPFIRST > that I can think of , and no response back . 
YES ! Just got back from an interview at < PROPMALE > , and they'll basically be doing the background check on me . After 5 days , they'll call me back up and bingo ! I'll have my job . 
So I saw something funny on the news . They reported the slowest police < PROPMALE > ever . A guy stole a motorized cart from a grocery store and tried to get away with it , sadly , the police caught up with him , as he was going only 1 m.p.h. My dad said that they could've just walked up to the person and grabbed him . 
Is excited about tomorrow . Just got a call from < PROPMALE > today . I will be going to an orientation there at 11 . Meaning : I NOW HAVE A JOB !! Hurray for me !! ^_^ 
Had an awesome day yesterday . Saw Salt with my mom , ate at Outback Steakhouse , and heard Stuck in the Middle with You from Reservoir Dogs . 
WOOOOOO !!!! I'm excited today !! I'm going to work tomorrow morning at < PROPMALE > ! My first day awaits ! ^_^ 
had my first day of work today , feeling VERY tired . * sigh * 
So I've found another way to use the old saying about life being a box of chocolates . \Being a stock room employee at < PROPMALE > is like a box of chocolates . You NEVER know what you're going to get\ " lol " 
Got my first paycheck from work today . So excited 
if you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory of you and me :) 
well , just came back from Woolley Idol . Though I didn't make it past the first round again , I did much better this year than the past years . 
Well , came back from the M.E.P.S center yesterday , got a 59 on my ASVAB , and from what the medical examiner said , I am qualified for the Navy . So , I am now happy . 
Thanks everyone ! :) 
March 2nd , so currently , I have 4 months and 24 days till I'm shipped for bootcamp . GO NAVY !!!! ^_^ 
