I'm drunk and still sober enough to type this message . Happy New Years bitches . I luv ya . Oh and i'm fantabolous i changed my face ... It's smiling . 

Just finished watching powerpuff girls the movie . That brighten'd my day . 
Now I'm here tell the family . 
It's hard to disappear when people can see you ... 
I want the rain to come back ... 
lightning ... thunder where are you ! :( I'm bored I need some entertainment ... 
Yay i got my rain but now i NEED MY FREAKIN ' LIGHT AND SOUND SHOW ! WOO ! 
\Kitty\ " ~ Boo from Monster's Inc . " 
Can't wait for saturday ! But didn't enjoy todays sun . 
Havin ' fun at bootleggers with tiff and her friend shakina ! 
Had fun this weekend , now on to a boring week of SSDD 
SSDD 4 ME . Gotta LUV repetition ! ( sarcasm ) 
I luv myself so much , i'm gonna get fat just to find something to hate about it :D 
Getting ready for sista gur's party ! HAPPY BURDAY < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Gonna club wit < PROPFEMALE > ( sista gur ) and steal all da gurs ! ( still gay < PROPFIRST > no hope 4 me nig ! ) HAPPY BURDAY SISTA GUR ! 
Had an interesting adventure wit sista gur and met someone new and pretty . I forgot how fun it was when you leave the house ! 
Did some painting with < PROPMALE > and now omw to chill with < PROPFEMALE > gur < PROPFEMALE > . After that i'm gonna head back and go to sleep . 
PAINT PAINT PAINT ! And conversation i hardly understand . Woohoo i'm pretty ! 
I just feel like being random today . So far it's fun . 
Midweek intoxication(drunk ) was not in my random forecast . Lmao i sound like the weather ppl who don't shit bout the damn temp outside . Watch out 4 rain hoes ! 
I need Jesus or a man named Jesus <3 
Mother's day huh ? Well happy mother's day mommys ! 
Lookin ' good and feelin ' gorgeous ! 
Don't be jealous of my boogie ! 
I can't stop feeling beautiful , this is getting annoying ... 
i luv < PROPFEMALE > gurs when da dra < PROPFEMALE > ends they'll be prettier than me ! 
Beauty followed me everywhere until i killed it and wore its skin . Now i'm beauty ! 
Happy burday mother ! 
i'm confused and wish i had a damn car :( 
i wonder where beauty really is ? 
There's ringing in my head , i dunno who's calling but if they can leave a message after the tone i'd be most greatful . And stop calling for a while . 
The ringing is getting worse and worse . I wonder who's calling . It's annoying and i can't ignore since there is pain now . 
makin ' cookies and still got a headache from the ringing ... dunno who the fuk calling , it's getting on my nerves 4real ! 
My little sis is full of half-assary . The phone call in my head still persists . 
In on puff of smoke you have everything , then it clears and it all goes away . 
I wonder if super and duper know that they are used in the same sentence when people get excited ... and please people my name is < PROPFIRST > not anything else . Ya'll kinda make me forget who I am when you say I'm someone different . 
Well it seem dumbasses have brains no bigger than , it's fun when they don't know how stupid they really are . I luv being fantabolous ! 
It's final i'm fantabolous and there is nothing i can even do about it ! 
I didn't know ripping carpet outta the floor was so much work . Guess i shoulda moved all the junk first . ;) 
I just found out that i'm 141 lbs I'm fukin happy as all hell ! but i'm still not and buff as i wanna be :( . 
Yesterday is history . Tomorrow is a mystery . Today is a gift , that is why it is called the present . -Oogue 
Why do I feel like that I am the only person who enjoys ever millisecond of my life ? ( And it's the most boring life ever ! ) 
Why is it that everyone can't see beauty as i do ? I wonder if some were blind they would see what's really good . 
1408 ( a movie ) makes me wanna go to a haunted hotel and see my own experience . I wanna stay on the 13th floor of a hotel ;) 
Happy Father's day . 
I got Telephone by Lady Gaga stuck in my head ... it's annoying and entertaining at the same time . 
I love all my sista gurs and < PROPFEMALE > dolls . My moments with them are hard to forget . All ya'll are hot messes compared to me . 
I wished stars would fall outta the sky and something falls on my head . That was cute :S 
Woohoo ! lightning and thunder . Eh , i could have done without the damn rain . 
Tiff refuses to share her lunch , soshe's gone and hid in the bathroom to eat . Poor employees of Ace . 
O.O i wanna go outside SO bad , i'm too lazy to get dressed though . I'm so in love with the weather right now . I can do without the rain tho . 
UGH I'M BORED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Now that my insanity has returned i'm not bored anymore , I'm gonna sleep ya'll try not to break anything while i'm away :D 
You know what , it's not okay ... IT'S FAN-FUKING-TABOLOUS ! 
Omg it was so fuking fun tonight ! I had my gurs and met new gurs . I juke , i twirked , i popped , i shaked , and < PROPFEMALE > plus more mad the < PROPFEMALE > shake ! Best fri < PROPFEMALE > ! 
OMFG I CAN'T STOP SAYING HOW MUCH FUN I HAD LAST NIGHT ! I don't think any night can top it . 
This is sux , god is trying to rain on my parade . 
Had fun @ pride but now my feet hurt and gonna dance sleep on the ride back to my friend's house . Tiff any u < PROPFEMALE > monkey nutz for having me run around . 
Minor setback , once that's done i'm gonna post pictures of my fun ass weekend . 
If a blind man says you're fine as hell and a deaf man says your voice is like heaven . You know you one special person . -Fantabolous . 
Finally i got the pictures uploaded :D 
\did it work \"\" yeah \"\" really \"\" no\ " ( idiot i said it did ) . " 
Wow i didn't know it was YOURS ! I'll keep it for a while since i have it and all . 
Wow that's new , I'm actually a MAN ! ( boredom ) 
@ A mexican club damn near bored outta my mind . If i don't hear pop or party music soon i'll go crazy ! 
Ended up having fun at the mexican club and have a great morning . I'm happy as hell and can't wait for this Bday party tonight . I hope my night ends up great . 
Imma be imma be imma imma imma j/k imma wasp 
Imma show candipoo how to celebrate the day uwer born ;) 
I'm on some McGyver shit . I need a rubber band and steak knife and some < PROPFIRST > pins . I need to make a tank . 
Six flags tomorrow and i'm gonna ride every coaster like it's fun . Merry-go-round WHOOO ! Every coaster gone be fun ;) 
@ sixflags and havin ' a fantabolous time . Still lookin ' 4 dat scurry ride ! 
I hope dat shit ain't blank if so i hate this phone . 
\Stop using that word loosely . \"" 
\Gone somewhere and take yo herpegonosyphilaids wit you ! DAMN ! \ " ~ Shebeata " 
\Don't use that word so LOOSELY . \ " -A man duh " 
< PROPFEMALE > is oddly happy , quick someone call her fat before her mood changes ! 
Shenise is fat and look like a \bald headed monkey\ " Go to her wall and call her a \ " bald headed ( insert animal/insect)\ " Have fun i sure am :) " 
Tomorrow's a mystery . Yesterday is history . But today is a gift , that is why it's called the present . 
Hm should i have Popeye's or chicken ? 
First they're sour . Then you're gettin ' fukin ' arrested . 
I've decided to have a dull weekend . Stay fantabolous ;) 
GROOVIN ' WIT < PROPFEMALE > GUR < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Chillin ' . And not breakin ' hips . 
Chillin ' and partyin ' wit pretty bitch < PROPFEMALE > . Havin ' an ok time i almost broke a hip earlier dancing . 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > u wanna do some ' kinky ' shit ? 
It worked . I made beauty ! 
I SEE HANDSOMENESS IN THE MIRROR !!! 
Woohoo lightning and finally it was close . But just my luck on this Friday the 13 i don't get truck ... Evil day get on my nerves . 
It's poke < PROPFEMALE > smalling day . Find her on my f list and poke away . Enjoy peeps :) . 
Fantabolous ! 
P-P-P-Poke someone p-p-poke someone ;) 
Leo/Virgo Party this Friday I can't wait . I'm gonna look SO skinny all ya'll gonna be jealous of my boogie . 
Ok , i'm filled with non-beauty and it's very very annoying . Say something funny to cheer me up . 
I'm gonna have another weekend at home . ( Pending beauty ) 
LOOK OUT FOR ME BITCHES I'M HEADIN ' TO CHICAGO ! 
I'm here(chicago ) people . Try not to break anything until I'm around ! 
Not the way I planned to celebrate my bday early . Thursday was gr8 i luv u Jax N < PROPFEMALE > . Tonight got crankin ' Thx 2 Conceded Bitch N her new nig . ( NO MOR JAGER ! ) 
I'M FINALLY AWAKE THX 2 JAX N HER \HUSBAND\ " 4 LAST NITE . IT WAS A FANTABOLOUS TIME ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > , dat pretty bitch , i MIA i need to break her legs to stay wit me for dat bull . 
25 huh ? I don't even feel like i'm getting older . Wednesday is gonna mess me up though . 
Don't post happy bday , poke me instead . 
Ya'll make my evil ass brother call me tomorrow . He ain't fenna do me like < PROPFEMALE > . If i don't get even a text from him I'm heading to MN to break some legs . 
Dang IT ! Big bro ! :( No i gotta find something else to complain about . 
Thanks Everyone for wishing me a happy birthday . The gifts the pokes , the parties , the calls and texts . Ya'll really made my birth special . 
I LUV U ALL , BIG HUGZ 4 FANTABOLOUSNESS ! 
I miss my dreams of world domination , followed by it's destruction :( 
Hm , no clothes . I guess I'll have to be fantabolous naked . 
These bitches , i can't even stop laugh . I'm rotflmao right now sending this . Omfg ! 
I'm not feeling too fantabolous . 
No more worrying ppl . I got my beauty back . I'm just not fantabolous yet . 
So so nice out . Too bad it feels better ( and safer :P ) inside ! Have fun the sun . Don't break nothing people ! 
Someone please come take my dreams , I want my entertaining world domination or my no dream back . 
WOOHOO I can't wait for this weekend to be over ! 
Gettin ' ready to put Chicago in da rear view . Waitin ' is really annoyin ' when you ain't got much to do and scared to sleep . 
Bye chicago see u next tuesday ;) 
Fantabolous < PROPFEMALE > has landed . 
I so so happy today :D 
Drankin ' ¡ buzzard beach ( a bar ) 
Damn remote . Had instructions on the back . I was online lookin ' 4 hours and the damn website didn't help . Simple as lookin on da other side . I'm relieved n piss 
Such a great lazy day . 
Head out to a club i'm leaving my phone behind . 
Had fantabolous fun . G'nite ya'll . 
Oops ! After party ! 
CONGRATULATIONS DEZMON AND < PROPFEMALE > , ITZ ABOUT DAMN TIME ! 
Such a great day to look like me . 
I think i can get used this ... Bliss is great . 
I'll be back to my little cave wednesday morning . 
OMFG YA'LL DON'T KNOW A CHILD HOOD FRIEND ' TIL YA'LL MEET < PROPFIRST > ! BTW I'm OMW to Chicago . I should be there at 7AM 
The fantabolous < PROPFEMALE > is back ¡ the nest . Show my big bro some luv and give him a bday poke ( < PROPMALE > A . ) have fun ppls i'm glad n sad to be back home . 
Enjoying Life 
Woo hoo I'm not pregnant ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s dog < PROPFEMALE > is missing if any of u seen her pls let me or her know 
Yay , her dog came back . Reminds me of a happy ending in movies . 
My Twiggy Bitch is legal ya'll letz hit a club 4 her ! 
Time to give < PROPFIRST > Sullivan burday poke ! 
Let's play a FB game ! POKE < PROPFEMALE > SMALLING ! Have fun ! 
Confusion is cute until you have it . 
Feeling bored ? Want something to do ? Poke < PROPMALE > A . < PROPMALE > , that should entertain u for a nice minute . 
Yay , a happy morning ! 
Happy burday jailbait . Poke becca cuerva 4 her burday . 
Yay , nice afternoon ! 
The beautiful days just keep coming :) 
Lol , a praying mantis is sitting on my screen door . It's been there since last night . I wonder what it's waiting for . Lmao poor thing gonna die maybe . 
Man oh man , if u could see me now you'd be jealous . 
Goin ' out wit da gurs . I luv ladies night cause da dumb nigs think i'm a pimp . 
Omfg we didn't take pictures last night and i was fantabolous :( . 
How is everybody !? I'm feeling fantastic ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is truely strange in the morning . She's worse high on sugary stuff . 
Gettin ' kidnapped again . Oh well , gurs nite it is ! 
Gettin ' ready so i can put on my juke jeans . The 3 of us 2gether gone be Pretty Fantabolous Spicy bitches . 
\I'm flexible\ " ( doosh ) \ " da de dur duh da da da da\ " ... \ " Pot pie pot pie ! \"" 
So mean i missed the \Saw\ " marathon . " 
Done :) . 
Omg omg i just saw myself in the mirror and ... 
Woohoo ! Fantestical lightning storm . 
It feels good knowing I look better than you . 
It was a dark and spooky morning ... Woo oo oo oo oo oo ! 
It's gonna be okay Spicey can't don't let stupidity stress u out . 
When you love yourself this much , why would you change a thing ? 
I have gotz < PROPFEMALE > see the movie Saw on Friday ! 
Night all , Stay fantabolous ! 
I am not an addict , i just passionate about it . 
SAW SAW SAW SAW SAW SAW SAW SAW SAW SAW SAW SAW ¡ . ¡ 
Loved thefinal saw movies , gonna head home and relax . 
Uglifat a word i mushed meaning ugly and fat . EX : Shenise is uglifat . Enjouy your new word :) 
Everybody poke < PROPFEMALE > ( momo ) it's her bday . HAPPY BDAY < PROPMALE > MIRELES RIP . 
Fantabolous . 
When you're this fantabolous why change a thing ? -quoted by some beautiful person . 
\I'm ' Cajmonet ' i'm pretty and think i'm better than everybody cause i still look like a supermodel who gets full off eating a < PROPFEMALE > bit of carrot \"" 
Until i change my profile pic make a wish on da treasure troll lookin ' one . 
Fantabolous 
Kidnapped by Pretty , i wonder what's gonna happen . 
I just gave < PROPFEMALE > my burday like ;) 
It's not a party ' til sumone get hit in da face . :( 
I feel so unpretty ... I'm not gonna be fantabolous for a while . :( 
I miss my sista gurs ! U guys r too much fun . Stop being so fun :( . Lol . 
I've seen the light . AND IT BURNS ! So I turned it off . 
Urbody dat got cable turn to comedy central @ 9 tonight . Fuk da news read da paper tomorrow . 
Fantabolous :D 
I'm so pissed . I want my life to be more interesting . I'm too fantabolous to live dull . 
I found beauty while I walking in the house . I smiled , it smiled back , I waved , it waved back . I heard \Ugh\ " and beauty gave it the finger . I luv mirrors :D " 
\I want your lovin ' all your love is revenge you and me can write a bad romance ! \ " ~ Lady Gaga " 
\Why don't you come on and come on and RAISE YO GLASS ! \ " ~ P ! nk ( My sis is bored I'm getting offline before she drives me crazy ) . " 
Damn it not again . I saw my future and i wasn't in it . This is getting old . 
http://www.facebook.com/?ref=logo#!/omni89th/posts/172034809490004?notif_t=feed_comment 
My sleep schedule is ruined . Ya'll gone hate me I'm turnin ' off text alerts by facebook . I'm way too Fantabolous to only have 2-3hrs of beauty sleep . 
\Need a party planned and not much time to plan it ? Last minute hoe to da rescue ! \ " Pretty's slogan 4 here party planning corporation . Lol ! " 
Bored and hearing things . 
Being home alone is really creeping me out more than usual . 
I hada great workout today . I just hope my body don't ache in later . 
I'm offline , ya'll try not to break anything while i'm gone . Buy ppls . 
Love yourself and maybe , just maybe your reflection wont crack at the sight of you . 
It's official my youngest sister ( < PROPFEMALE > ) has mental problems . Poke her to support her need into the looney bin . 
Omfg 7up really does make u bubbley . My sis had 2 and won't stfu with the damn NOISE ! 
Imma grab da skillet n * flip flip smack * yo ass ! 
Woo oo ! I got me one titty ! One more and i gotz dat set ! Wooo ! ( thx < PROPFEMALE > without u i wouldn't have it ) . 
U can contact that ugly fat stanky nasty bitch at 773- UGLIFAT . 
Blah blah blah holiday 773-UGLIFAT . Go away happy jerks . 
I need Jesus or a man named Jesus :D 
I love you all , family and friends and those in between . Try not to break anything while I'm logged off . Nite ya'll . 
Fantabolous , I am and everyone else should try to be . Going far beyond beauty and improving imperfections . 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To \ 
not see a human face on FB til Monday , December 6th . Join the fight \ 
against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your \ 
friends to do the same . 
I've seen my future , it kinda sux how many people are in it . 
is the most fantabolous bitch in the whole wide world . If anyone wanna be fantabolous you betta bring yo fashion , walk , and dance to steal it from me . 
Damn it . I hate when the comcast menu says one thing and there is a different program on . I hate false advertising >:'( 
I'll holla back at ya'll later peeps . You got somethin ' to say text me . < PROPFEMALE > don't text me to come on facebook cause I can't . 
I saw the signs , I opened up my eyes . I saw the signs then i said screw that i'm illiterate bitch , I can't read that shit ! 
Oh man my morning is fantastic already . I just saw the powerpuff girls on cartoon network . Bubbles for the win ! 
#98 I didn't want to participate in this but for you I'd blow up the world . You are almost as fantabolous as me ( i said ALMOST ) . Yo dancin ' is da shit and I LOVE you for it ( yeah i said love who cares you deserve it ) . I know i barely know you but i'd be yo BF in a heartbeat if not for my condition . Don't break anything gur . I miss you and wish your life was more drama free . 
I'm offline don't break nothin ' 
??? : Hello\ 
Mom : Chico ? \ 
??? : Huh ? \ 
Mom : Chico , chico . \ 
Candice : Chico ? \ 
Mom : Oh can I get a chicken dinner . \ 
That's my momma callin ' wings it is while thinking about me . I love how I remind her of chicken . Funniest thing i heard . 
It feels awesome to wake up early in the morning :D 
is enjoying another great morning . 
I love my new name change . It makes me feel important :D 
< PROPFEMALE > stop hatin ' , you just jealous my moustache is thicker than yours . 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD Mornin ' >;) 
Don't step on the ground , the floor is lava ! 
YAY ! POWERPUFF GURS ! I wish it wasn't the christmas one but i'm still happy :) . BUBBLES FTW ! 
OMG the spongebob movie opener just pissed me off . 
So let me get this STRAIGHT : < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , and yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the \Institution of Marriage\ " . Really ? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree . ~ Proud to support EQUAL rights for ALL ! " 
is fantabolous always . 
Where there's truth , there's love . 
My phone is being a crackhead . It won't hold a charge when i charge it and it cries low battery when i unplug it . :( I love my phone ' cause all my friends are it . But I'm gonna have to throw it against a few trees . 
Time for a new phone charger . Mine is on crack . My phone is fine :D 
I've noticed a lot of gloomy people during this holiday . I might be mean or evil , but I kinda like it . O no fake ass happy people during this time of year , I'm excited . Happy Holidays people . Mine will be ;) 
I fukin ' luv this damn goat on Hoodwinked . I want one just like it . 
For a guy who don't do shit ever i sure do end up with a bunch of cuts and bruises I don't remember ever having . 
Damn holiday , HURRY UP SO EVERYONE CAN GO BACK TO NOT CARING !!! 
The reason I still watch < PROPFEMALE > Wars is to see Darth Maul's ugly ass fight and < PROPFIRST > L . < PROPMALE > . After watchin ' this shit over again i noticed how long it takes to get to the fighting . OOH And that Cantina Song , I LOVE THAT SONG <3 
PHONE DIED !!!! Who has a Samsung charger !? 
Alright i get it . It's Christmas ... Stop texting it to me . 
Still sick , but woke up happy . 
Don't text me any new years shit . I luv u all be safe and enjoy this holiday within reason . 
Getcho hair did ! www.ajstylz.com 
Grandma is fun as hell ! 
Still at gammy's crib . I gave her a little computer lesson . Soon she'll be using her laptop and sending emails . Watch out now ya'll! 
AHHH SOMEONE TELL ME WHAT TO DO !!!! 
Oh well , my lazy ass ain't gettin ' up anytime soon . There's some walking in my future , if i'm not still lazy . 
Omg this adventure was worth it ! Never have i had fried fish like this . It's so good hot sauce would ruin it ! 
Sure Pretty , why not ? I minus well , it's better than being bored at home . 
You so mean Pretty :'( 
Sending text messages to my dolls as if i was talkin ' to sombody else . I hope ya'll like them . 
Omg too many kids ! I need some rope , tape , and < PROPMALE > on the tv . Lol ! 
Pretty bitch need to get out her phone . Imma flip flip smack her ass ! 
I'm stepping down from Fantabolous Bitch . My title has to be passed on . I can't keep up that level of beauty anymore . Time to be a regular person now . 
A thumbnail is a smaller picture of the original . It is not attached to your hand . Think of it as a negative from a non-digital camera . 
I feel bad for j lo . She can't say NO to anybody . 
Hey hey hey ! That my be all fun n games , but you still look fat in that . 
I'll beat my sleep record starting next week . Let's see what's really good :) 
Omg talk about nostalgia , House Party 3 lmfao ! 
I need to stop sleeping . My dreams are getting really weird now . 
SHAKE WUT YO MOMMA GAVE YA !!! 
If u cumin ' in me go yo ass back home bitch ! 
It's gonna be so sad today . Who gotz a kleenex fo a fantabolous bitch !? I need a box ... 
Skillet or knife ? If you ain't choosing , don't let me catch you near some stairs . 
wtf ? ya'll confusing me people ! 
Finally home . I feel great ! 
It's never a pleasure , but always a preasure . 
Battling Cold the only way i know how : Heat and medicine , while shouting \I don't want YOU ! \"" 
Finally recorverying . I don't understand the whole eye irritation thing . 
I must be feeling better than i expect . ' cause i'm really hungry for cookies . 
Yay ! stuck home with family . ( sarcasm ) 
I'm so urged to walk in this weather . It's so fierce and exciting I wanna be part of the experience . I don't wanna get sick again , so I'll stay in . 
Soon it's gonna be time ti start snatchin ' chairs ;) . Your parking space ? I beg to differ . 
GET DOWN LI'L MOMMA GET DOWN LI'L MOMMA GET DOWN LI'L MOMMA ( My favorite juke song ) 
Omfg this guy is so deep in the closet you can't see him in there . It's time to donate clothes and shoes . 
I'm killing in scrabble . Damn jailbait keep making making these 2 and 3 letter words stopping us from making bigger shit . Evil . 
Yay ! The sun is actually giving heat :) 
I may be special , but at least i'm not on that short bus u riding in . 
Finally , i get to teach people some of my dance moves . I'm very excited . 
Don't break it or i'll break you . ( Cast Iron Skillets FTW ) 
My name is < PROPFIRST > I'm so very ... fly oh my it's a little bit scay . Boys wanna marry lookin at my dari ... are you can stare , if you touch imma bury . Pretty as a picture , sweeter than a swisser . mad ' cause I'm cuter than the girl that's with ya . ( Pretty Girl Rock by < PROPFEMALE > Hilson ) 
All the single ladies put your hands up ! 
Wow , i feel old . My back is hurting for unknown reasons :( . 
PREPARE Y'ALLSELVES BITCHES ! HERE I COME AND I'M BREAKIN ' EVERYTHING !!!!!! 
PREPARE Y'ALLSELVES , BITCHES ! HERE I COME AND I'M BREAKIN ' EVERYTHING !!! 
Addiction are fun , until they consume your most of your life . 
A ball ? Sure i'll have one . 
Gay+ idiots = true colours . 
Simply fantabolous ( join me ladies ) . 
Broke a nail BEFORE exercising . Now that's funny . 
Havin ' a ball a babyshower congrats < PROPFIRST > ( BNA < PROPFEMALE > my twiggy bitch ) and Chino 
Finding nemo on the disney channel y'all enjoy \just keep swimming \"" 
When i hear the word spam ( it used to be delicious meat you buy in a can for cheap ) now it's crappy emails in the inbox . 
It can't be helped . Some days you just feel like the squirrel from ice age . You try so hard to get what you want but something always happens . 
I can't feel my body , best workout ever ! I hope i recover tomorrow . 
How do you spell earth ? \E-R-P-H-E \"" 
Damn it ! I broke a nail :( 
You truelu can't can't change change a person's behavior ut if you buy the close and trick them into into exercising in some kinda way u truely can change looks 
God damn i'm fantabolous ! 
\Dis is da song dat dusn't end . Yes it goes on and on my friend . Sum ppl started singin and not knowin wut it was . Yes dey continued singin it 4evr jus bcuz ... \"" 
Damn i need new close . 
( Random ) Knowing you knew what i know you knew . I know you know now that what i knew ain't new . 
I luv ya gurs Spicy is MIA she gone get stripped of her title and kick outta da dollhouse if she continues to ignore phone calls ... 
