mmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeee !!!!! 

Y is every one so ready for the world to end ??? 
This one time at band camp ......... 
Those bulimic bitches r just gunna puke it up any way ! 
haha . NO ! 
I didn't cut you out ! You didn't fit ! 
GO FIND YOUR SELF SOME KOMBUCHA !!! 
Mom tomato , papa tomato , baby tomato . Baby tomato falls behind . Papa tomato goes back to baby tomato . Squish ! Ketchup ! 
Who wants to LOL with me ? ; ) 
AT&T is jaking me on my rollover mins ! Some one call me allday so I can get what I payed for ! 
I just want to say I love thoughs of u who love me . You know who u are ! ( because u love me ) 
You people are mad !!! 
Cables out for a little bit . Looks like I'll be in the old west all day . You know were to find me ; ) 
O my , some people need to keep the dollphin loving hands to them selves ! 
This is a sunshinie day ! 
Went to the hooka bar and had an awsome time last night ! Rice wine is a grate thing . Thank u japan ! 
i love smelly cat !!! smelly cat , smelly cat where have you been ? 
A little sunshine on my sholders makes me happy ! 
Where are my sassy gay friends ?!?!? 
I love my friends ! You all are so great ! 
Can any one tell me y it ok on my space , but not ok on facebook ? 
Where my party people at ? Very good ! 
Almost died yesturday ! To think that somthing as small as an ant can take my life ! How lame ! I guess no one told them I didn't want to die . 
Lovin my new home . Lovin my freedom and privicy ! Lovin this stressfree home ! 
Watched a show about < PROPFEMALE > meth last night and now wants to tell everyone on facebook \if you love your life STAY AWAY FROM METH ! \ " Alsi it's more addictive than herrowin ! Take my advice or I'll through you down a flight of stears ! " 
WoW 
phones cut off for a bit . if you need me facebook me or email me . 
phones back up and running ! thanks AT&T ! 
What do you do when it hurts you to see them here , but it would hurt them to take them off ? 
I love my friends ssssoooooo much ! Thank you for being there for me , even though you are so fare away . Even though your not close , you still find a way to let me know you care ! You know who you are and I love you ! 
I dont understand what you want from me . Why are you doing this to me ? 
Just doesn't understand girls ! 
STOP SHOPING AT TARGET ! Target has donated money to an anti-gay canidate in Minasota . 
Ohio gozimasu . 
Konichiwa 
Combonwa 
Daddy would you like some sausage ??? 
Just can't wait to be an Aunt ! 
Finally get a nice day to sit around and do nothing for once ! If anyone wants to xbox hit me up . ; ) 
Made some special brownies ! They were great for about 6-8 hours ! LoL 
120 degrees out side today . My A/C broke in my car and I got sunburned on half my face ! Fabulous ! 
Soak city and ice cream cake today ! Happy birthday Neo ! 
best buy is poopoo 
is this the day ? 
Back to school night ! Cant wait to get involved and see what Neos doing . 
Neos back to school night was awesome ! Neo and his class are going on a field trip to see blue whales an learn about the ocean . Lots of other things will be happening to . I'm so excited for this year ! 
curry for dinner tonight ! Yummmmmmmmm 
Just a day of remembering those who lost there lives . Let's not be swayed by the terror that a few people invented , but remember that this country was founded on the beliefs in freedom of religion . As long as we never change who we are and what we believe in they will never win ! I do believe that every american has the right to worship ANY religion there hart chooses . 
Home alone , bored , and nothing to do . 
After school video games with friends ! Must be good to be a kid . 
No school on Saturday ! Finally get to sleep in ! 
I like it on the sofa . 
Fabulous ! Fighting a cold . Get ready for vitamin warfare !!!!! 
Once again our homophobic senators get to keep being homophobic right in our soldier faces . These people fight an die for this country and they deserve our respect ! 
someone really thought I wanted to change my name to < PROPFEMALE > Nontombi Tutu ! LOL 
I lost my voice ! Don't laugh < PROPMALE > ! 
Just drinking a nice cup of < PROPFEMALE > tea and watching Meet The Press . 
I'm a day < PROPMALE > ! 
Excuse me ! Did you just touch my bum ???? How dare you ! 
What goes up must come down . 
Going to have a blast today ! Halloween family day ! 
One hour left people ! Get out that vote ! YES on 19 !!!! ; ) if not for me , do it for the children ! 
I need to go snowboarding ! Come on snow bring me a nice snowstorm ! 
The lady upstairs is stoping around like a gorilla ! : [ 
????????????????!??? 
It's almost baby time !!!!!!!! ; ) 
Getting ready to move again . This time I get my own house !!! I'm so excited ! December 1 here I come ! 
I love that I only have to drive ten < PROPFEMALE>'s to my new house ! It makes moving so much easier . 
Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh I forgot how lame moving is !!!!!!! 
Just busted some fucker trying to still gas from my truck ! 
Happy thanksgiving everyone ! I wish the best for you all ! ; ) 
Just woke up and am watching some frisky dingo . So funny ! 
My sweet ham has a scratch on his eye : ( . Looks like we are goin to the vet tomorrow . 
Putting up , decorating the tree , and drinking hot chocolate with Neo ! Christmas is better with your kids ! 
Getting my cable hooked up right now ! YaY !! I can't wait for my cable programing and fable 3 fun to come ! 
Finally finished moving as of last night ! Feels soooooooooo good ! 
I hate people and there big heads ! just because you don't agree with everything someone says doesn't mean everything they say is wrong . What ever happened to open hearts and minds ??? 
What a day ! : / 
I love EBay ! You should to ! 
No phone right now . I can receive text messages , but can not send any . I'll let every one know when that changes . 
Family day ! : ) Curry & Christmas movies . 
I need to do Christmas cards and get gifts ready to mail and I'll I wanna do is xbox ! 
I am so happy to have family that loves me an is there for me . What a good family day . : ) 
I love all this rain ! 
Marry Christmas everyone ! I send you all my Christmas love ! : ) 
xbox i love u ! will u have my baby ? 
I think it's time for snowboarding . Yup . It's time . Let's go ! 
2 days and dead space 2 is here ! dont worry issiac , im coming for you ! 
So I just wanted to give an intro to my next post . This next post is a forwarded message from the person who gave birth to me . I thought everyone should know what she had to say to her only daughter after 14 yrs for no contact . Enjoy ! 
status update : i had to turn it into a note so that it would all fit . Please read it and give me your thoughts . Thank you everyone . 
I love you all ...... sometimes . 
I feel like im falling and the grounds speeding up to me and theres nothing I can do to stop it . 
todays better than yesterday and hopefully not as good as tomorrow . 
facebooks not letting me post comments so ill get back to ya all when this shit is working right ! 
Happy vajj day everyone ! 
Going on a Cruse April 1st ! I can't wait to have fun in the sun ! 
20 mins tell tsunami hit Cali ! 
Thinking of going to volunteering in japan and helping with the relief effort . 
Volunteers for peace\ 
www.vfp.org 
Wondering how things got this fare . For those of you that know what's goin on , thanks for being there for me and those who don't , things are about to be very different . 
Smoosh smoosh < PROPFIRST > ! 
You sure do have a pretty mouth . 
Mobile Facebook is ridiculous and shitty ! 
?????? 
I'm buzzed ! Lol I think this is the day hell froze over ! 
