Happy New Years to all my friends and family . 

home going to bed 
working 
At work 
In Vegas 
at school 
home working on homework for tomorrow's class . :) 
what fun ... Essentials of College Writing 
at home 
@ home working on team report ... 
@ work . :-) 
at school ... last day of this class ... 
got mediation today . 
home now 
@ daughters Girl Scouts meeting . Fun ... Fun ... Fun ... 
@ work . another week down . :) 
Waiting for 1630 . Then get kids and go home . Pizza night . :) 
another day , another week , and another month . wohoo ! 
Wohoo ... on sunday I just found out I advanced to the District Finals of the AMF $ 500,000 National In-League Tournament ... 
Its Monday , and at work . Had a great weekend and ready for another . 
now home , and then off to boyscouts ... 
once again , work . =) 
working . got to love MS Access . 
Promotional interview first thing this morning , it went well . Have to see in a week if I got it . =) Besides that back to work verifing address to the system ... =) 
working ... 
Not much going on here , just another day at work . then will be back again come monday . 
Heading to do creek clean up ... =) 
Had a very busy weekend , Girl scouts creek clean-up , girl scouts bowling , and six-flags discovery kingdom . I am tired and sore , and need coffee ... 
not much going on here . It's Monday , and I am at work . =) 
girl scouts 
Working 
Woo hoo , birthday tomorrow , off tomorrow , that means 4 day weekend ... =) 
Thanks to all my friends for the happy birthday wishes . 
bowlong 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > swimming 
Wow ... another Monday . What a busy weekend . 
Man am I tired . Thankful the work day is over . 
Home home home 
Having a great day . Spending time with my family . 
Happy Monday FB friends . Sometime I hate the auto correct when your trying to text . It likes to put words in and you don't see it tell after you send it . 
at strikes with daughters 5th grade class . 
Work . Getting things packed up for our move to the 22nd floor . 
swimming with the kids . 
Daughter's awards assembly . 
Back to work 
Dropping < PROPFEMALE > off at the SF international airport 
Wohoo , No kids ! Out at Texas Road House with my woman . 
Home cleaning , and waiting for my kids to come back tonight ... 
RIVERcats game 
Home 
Almost done with work . 15 < PROPFEMALE > left . 
sum up weekend : Girl scouts camping trip at Rancho Saco w/ my 3 kids ... very tired and can't wait tell next weekend , no kids =) 
Daughters girl scouts meeting . 
First night back to bowling . Not a bad night , had a 163 , 228 , and 198 for a total 584 an average for the night is 194 . 
Home , after 3 hrs of hell at Sears , what idiots . 
Its Friday . :) 
Helping my dad move . 
@ Home 
@Firestone waiting for car repairs . 
@ work 
Please send me black lights ! 
Working only 2 days this week , off Wednesday thr Friday , then leave for New York on Friday afternoon . ROAD TRIP ... :) 
On our way to new york 
Half way through < PROPFEMALE > 
Maid it to Loveland CO 
In Nebraska driving . Be in New York state at 0900 in the morning . 
In Iwoa 
Maid it . < PROPFEMALE>'s aunt . New York . 
On our way to California 
Woohoo . Just left work to do some Christmas shopping . 
Its Wednesday , one more day of work . 
My turkey is in the oven with the baked sweet potatoes . The green bean casserole is going in next ... stuffing is done too . 
Its Tuesday , and back at work . 
Wife and I are heading back from her MaryKay meeting . It was a great meeting . 
At my daughter's girlscout cookie rallie . 
Its Wednesday FB friends another great week at work . 
On my break absorbing the sun . =) 
Work is almost done . 1630 here we come . 
Home eating dinner . Fish & rice w/broccoli and cheese 
- on my mobile with eBuddy www.ebuddy.com/android 
- on www.ebuddy.com Web Messenger 
Week 4 for 2011 is done ; 3 more days left in January ; and its Friday . Woohoo . 
