is happy twenty ten is here . Time to rebuild , restructure and relax . Time to get my spirit , body and mind a tune up . 

That is me in 1994 . I miss me . :) 
Why do I keep getting these pictures of attactive women in the upper right corner asking who is looking for me ? I also keep being told I can get millions of dollars if I help this poor person in Africa with their banking problem . I figure at this rate I will be a millionaire buried in hot females by next week . Wish me luck !!! 
Does Facebook recycle on used webspace ? Need to be green here . Lets keep donating the 0's and 1's with the glass and aluminum . 
Hey , if that jerk < PROPMALE > is such a good friend on MySpace , why does he not send me friend invites here ? Elitist snob . 
I am thinking of getting a Tattoo . One of my best friends has some and well as my mentor ( He hates it when I call him that . ) My first idea what to get a full body one of < PROPFIRST > Law . See what that did for me . Hahahaha :) But I think I will start small . Any suggestions ? :D 
Well , time for me to go back to the gym . Thank god my friend owns a gym . But he is mean and actually makes me work out , and makes me fix his computers . Plus he touches me in way that causes me pain !!! I NEED AN ADULT HERE !!! :D 
< PROPFIRST > has discovered the meaning of Life !!!! Unfortunately it was edited by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and is now over 1000 pages long and creeps the hell out of you . What is with the clown holding the cat with the green glow !?!? :P Oh well , happy Halloween !!! 
Quote of the Day : Experience hath shewn , that even under the best forms of government those entrusted with power have , in time , and by slow operations , perverted it into tyranny . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
is studing < PROPFIRST > Locke at the moment . Hmmmm . 
Ok . Here is one for you . If you had to pick 15 to 20 songs that were the soundtrack for your life , what would you pick ? 
A couple of people have recommended music for me . < PROPMALE > Rice , KT Tunstal , Runrig , Wolfstone , Banshee . Warning : < PROPMALE > Rice ( 0 ) is an emotional Bran Muffin with a Fiber shake chaser !!!! All I could think of while listening to Mr. Rice is a poet with a hole in his heart . KT Tunstal is Scottish as the others are < PROPFEMALE > , she is very talented , but her polictical views and views of the world seem a bit naive . 
Stuck at work on a Saturday . But I am finally finishing up . 
I will be hard to reach for a while . Thanks . < PROPFIRST > . 
Looks like it is going to be a looooong night . :( 
Today I am thankful that some people I care about still care about me . :) 
Fighting the new fight . Going to help animals in need . First stop is the great north . Alaska and its run away fight with Bi Polar Bears . We need to end the needless suffering of these mental ill creatures . :) 
Today , I am impressed with myself . I found the key I was not looking for and entered a place I did not think I would find . ( Yeah Cryptic Notes . :) ) 
Arimi Turns 8 on Monday . Her name means Brilliant and Beautiful . She is both and so much more . 
This is going to be a long week . Need over $400.00 worth of repairs to my car . Have all kinds of things to get done both for work and personal . I have to work Saturday . I need cheese for all this whine . :) 
Long week just got longer due to my stupidity . Hope everyone is doing well . 
is offline for a while . 
is waiting . 
has a roomate . 
thinks < PROPMALE > Rice is an optimist . 
?? ?????? ?? ???? ???????? ???? ?????? ??? ????? ??? ?????? ?? ?? ????? ????? ?????? ???? ???????? ????? ???? ???? ????? ????????? ????? ?????? ?????? ? ?????? ????????? ?????? ???????? ???? ? ????? ??????? ???, ??? ???? ????, ??? ??? ? ????? ????? 
And so it is Just like you said it would be Life goes easy on me Most of the time 
You can't always get what you want But if you try sometimes you just might find . You get what you need 
And as she turns This way she moves in the logic of all my dreams This fire burns I realize that nothing's as it seems 
is tired and needs to take better care of himself . 
is looking at new music and some old . 
is having to make a hard choice . 
She says she's no good with words but I'm worse Barely stuttered out \A joke of a romantic\ " or stuck to my tongue Weighed down with words too over-dramatic Tonight it's \ " it can't get much worse\ " Vs . \ " no one should ever feel like .. \"" 
wishes the whole world would take a step off his personal life for a bit . 
They say your head can be a prison . Then these are just conjugal visits . People will dissect us till This doesn't mean a thing anymore . 
is happy to see a small break in the clouds and a < PROPFIRST > of sunshine come in . It is shaping up to be a long winter . 
Well , did not want to worry anyone , but this was much more serious than I let on . Methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus is a bad bad type of Staph infection and it is EXTRA bad for Diabetics . I am going to be in the hospital until at least Sunday . 
is happy he gets vacation and time to just goof off . Time spent with kids , friends and to think about a special absence . Hoping the long cold of this winter will break . 
has come to a stalemate with his demons . Anxiety attacks have taken a short break . 
has finished vacation and is now starting to relax with the new year . Friday begins a whole new direction for me . Waiting again . :) 
? (?????) ? Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . We can't fix stupid , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% wont copy and paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
is just chilling for the weekend . 
has desided his life course for the next 18 months . 3 tasks : 1 . Prove < PROPMALE > wrong about controlling my mind . 2 . Slay my demons . 3 . A secret task I will hold true to . 
Maybe I lost my direction , what if our love is the cost ? Anyone perfect must be lying , anything easy has its cost . Anyone plain can be lovely , anyone loved can be lost . What if I lost my direction ? What if I lost sense of time ? What if I nursed this infection ? Maybe the worst is behind . 
Hadaee mada tawila Wa < PROPFEMALE > nahos < PROPFEMALE > wahala ghzalti 
Gallahad is dead . 
is waiting by the river hoping not to see his own head float by . 
Remember when I was So strange and likeable I just want back in your head 
wonders why no one told < PROPFEMALE > that the bigger the castle the darker the dungeon . Still holding to watch Closer and remembering Ladyhawke . I wanted to be Capt . Navarre but turned into the Monk . :( 
is tired . Maybe I will be the lottery winner !!! Would prefer something else to that tho . 
\I won't regret saying this This thing That I'm saying Is it better than Keeping my mouth shut That goes without saying \"" 
is here to help anyone who needs me . If you do not want my help , do not expect my sympathy . 
watches and waits . 
notices that 30 years ago , when you had a social gathering that the host got out the best < PROPFEMALE > and silver ware and everyone helped clean up . Now , since guests are not expected to help clean up , it is paper plates and plastic ware . Wow , we are lazy . 
wonders if we will ever grow up and stop hiding behind social networks . The internet can answer any question except how to be happy with each other . I would rather walk by a lake and talk . 
Boondock Saints : All Saints Day on DVD tomorrow !!!! YAH !!! Dying to see it as a friend turned me on the the first movie again last year . Thanks LS . :) 
Time to start working on my wishy washy attitude . Get the mind in shape with the body . The spirit is kind of sitting on the couch with a bag of chips , a smoke and large sweet tea watching House . :) 
After the worst two days in my recent work history , I get to go home and \clean\ " house . " 
is looking at today's forcast . There is a large < PROPMALE > of suck for the morning , clearing and allowing for light boring . By evening , prepare for heavy activity followed by sleep . :) 
Starry starry night paint your palette blue and grey look out on a summer's day with eyes that know the darkness in my soul . 
Tomorrow starts a new day . A new path . Time to leave the winter behind . Thanks for the hand up . :) 
Tomorrow starts a new day . Time to stop wasting time , money and health on pointless ventures . Time to live . No more procrastinating . I will do it tomorrow . :) 
Time for change . 
would love to go to < PROPFIRST > McGuiness tomorrow for lunch . St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day in a Pub would be the best day ever . 
could not go to < PROPFIRST > McGuiness . Work prevented it . :( I am going to spend an evening with my kids . :) 
I found a big pocket of issues last night . Feel much better today and will start to clean out the mental puss . :) Ewwwww . 
Life is back on track and I am enjoying the new directions it is taking me . 16 months to the challenge and 6 months to Ireland if the money works out . :) 
Made friends with < PROPMALE > Rice and < PROPFEMALE > Rothrock . Does this mean I am wanted to become depressed over a woman then kick someone's ass ? :P These are the kind of \famous\ " people I like . Strong and intellegent and willing to be among us \ " betweeners\ " . Just being friends with Ms. Rothrock is inspiring me to work harder towards my challenge in 16 months . :) " 
Well , the week is moving on . SLOWLY . Lots of work to do and lots of sleep to get :) 
is bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , bored , board , bored , bored , bored . I need a straight jacket and some super powers . :) 
I wonder if it would be rude to ask new people I meet to take an IQ test , submit to a psych profile and fill out a questionaire dealing with religion and politics before we < PROPFEMALE > out ??? -_- 
Really ? Have you met me . 
is taking some time out to fix his private life . Things are settling down and now just want to coast for a bit . 
is attempting to walk a better path . Time to get serious about my goals instead of just talking about them . 
as 84 friends incommon with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Wow . I have 84 friends on common with myself . Would scare me if it were less tho . O_o 
If you did not know me , would I be a stranger ? ( S . Wright ) 
has a new choice to make . Life has given me a fork in the road and I have three roads to choose from and each has some pretty awesome rewards attached . :) 
has dones his myPersonality test and the result is Jerk . Somehow I find it hard to believe < PROPFEMALE > used this term . :P 
is the world's bathtub ! People use me to get clean and leave me drained . :P 
I have seen a tempest . Violent and terrible , Beautiful and calming , Rage against herself . I have seen depths of anger , Pure and unending , Reasonable and understood , Rage against her failure . I have seen the end of me , Sinking and confused , Honest and free , Rage against me . I have seen love healed , Fearful and untrusting , Passionate and faithful , Rage finding peace . 
And silence fell over the jungle .... 
Well , time to move on in my life . Time to cut the pain loose and stop all the messing around . Had a weekend full of revelations about myself and my life journey . Long talk in the night Sunday showed me as much about me as it did someone else . See you guys more in person and less online . :) 
English , DO YOU READ IT ? 
If Facebook were to fix the problems with its messaging , I would be sooo happy . 
Anybody need anything from Chicago ? Going to jump up there for a Microsoft Conference . :D 
Chicago trip cancelled due to other people being unable to complete their jobs . I am going to find a Monk School and sign up . Done with this altogether . 
has gone on hiatus . I will be back when I get my life in somekind of order . 
Ok , work being flooded and having to work 1000000 hours this week ended the getting my life in order time . :( 
is done . 
Well , I am back from my hiatus starting today . I will not be on as much as I was , but I will not be as distant . :) 
And so it is .... 
is taking time off saving the world . If you are in desperate need , call someone else please . :) 
Inside the skin of a dog , outside the hide of a tiger . 
realizes , \It is not them . \"" 
is done with the rough draft of the first 3 chapters of his fiction book . Working on the first chapter of his religious views . Need to bounce back and forth for a while . :) 
is gone for a while . 
Thank you for all the Birthday wishes . I am still gone for a while , but enjoy Gibbs Bear in my absence . 
is idling . 
Ok . Vacation is over . Back and feelng good . No more advice or help to anyone unless they ask for it . Sarcasm is free as always . Gibbs Bear will remain for a bit longer too . If you want to see my face , you need to come see me . :P 
I'm a soldier , ?????? ? \ 
? ???????? ? ????? \ 
? ???? ?? ???? ?????? ???? \ 
?????? ??????, ??????? ?????? ? ????? \ 
? ???? ????????? ? ????? ??? \ 
\ 
??????? ? ????? ?? ???? ????? \ 
??????? ??? ????? ?????? 
Ich will eure stimmen hören\ 
Ich will die ruhe stören\ 
Ich will das ihr mich gut seht\ 
Ich will dass ihr mich versteht 
I have met Buddha . I am at peace . 
GenCon was a blast . My son made me so proud . He normally does tho . I have the best children . They are far more than I could have hoped for . 
Woo hoo . < PROPMALE > Speakman and I are buddies not . My collection of m < PROPMALE > ial < PROPMALE > masters is almost complete . Just need to find an island to have a tournament on . Mwahahaha ( Evil Laugh ) :P 
Woo Hoo , < PROPMALE > Speakman and I are friends now ! My collection of Martial < PROPMALE > masters is coming along nicely . I just need to find an island to have a tournment on !! Mwhahahaha ( Evil Laugh ) :P 
Going to see < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim this Saturday with the best group of people . :) 
Please leave me out of your drama . I do not care . I will not discuss you and your life , and you had better not discuss me and my life . I am guilty of letting off steam about people to my friends , but I am stopping that as of now . If I have a problem with you I will take it to you . If you have a problem with me , and you do not take it to me you had better drop me as a friend now . One warning only on this . 
Started reading \Cell\ " by Mr. < PROPMALE > to help get my writing juices going again . :) " 
Well , preparing the apartment for the new roomate . < PROPFIRST > will be interesting . :) Happiness is back in my life . All is calm and relaxed . The drama is gone for good as I just walk away when someone starts it . My son and I are building new bridges . My daughter is doing well in school and my friends are just perfect . :) 
< PROPFIRST > has moved in . We are still rebuilding the apartment and my clutch in my car is acting up . But had 3 wonderful days with my kids . World is all good . :) 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim is now on my top ten movies of all time . It was almost perfect . If you have not seen it , do so or buy the DVD when it comes out . This film will be a cult classic in the same vein as < PROPMALE > Horror or Highlander . 
Well , the worst thing that I thought I was going to have to do has found a happy result . People who needed help are ok now . 
Hello again , friend of a friend , I knew you when \ 
Our common goal was waiting for the world to end \ 
Now that the truth is just a rule that you can bend \ 
You crack the whip , shape-shift and trick the past again 
Watching people miss the point is better than watching House tell the sarcastic truth . BODIED !! :) 
Back to training , back to work and back to building a life for myself . I have been sitting still long enough . :) 
Maybe its time to give the bear a rest . :) 
Well , just out of the hospital and feeling better than ever . My life is moving with the flow of my positive < PROPFEMALE > . My dogma has been rewritten and eight other edgy hip words apply to me as well . My healing is complete and I am whole again . Feels normal and moving towards peace . 
Well , back into my box until needed again . Continuing to build a better me I hope . :) Leave a message and I will get back with you . :P 
Almost finished moving out of the apartment and back into my home , in the spare room . Good to be with the kids everyday again . :) 
Looks as if I will be released on Tuesday . I have been doing a lot of thinking and feel pretty good about things . I hope none of you worried too much about this . Thanks for the support . :) 
I'm hearing voices , animal noises\ 
The creme de la creme , effeminate abyss\ 
And I'm reaching my threshold\ 
Staring at the truth ' till I'm blind\ 
- Sex Bob-Omb 
Did your sign change ? \ 
Capricorn : < PROPFIRST > . 20 – Feb . 16\ 
Aquarius : Feb . 16 – March 11\ 
Pisces : March 11- April 18\ 
Aries : April 18- May 13\ 
Taurus : May 13- June 21\ 
Gemini : June 21- July 20\ 
Cancer : July 20- Aug . 10\ 
Leo : Aug . 10- Sept . 16\ 
Virgo : Sept . 16- Oct . 30\ 
Libra : Oct . 30- Nov . 23\ 
Scorpio : Nov . 23- Nov . 29\ 
Ophiuchus : Nov . 29- Dec . 17\ 
Sagittarius : Dec . 17- < PROPFIRST > . 20 
I am a Gemini now . Wow . 
Lots of people talking about dreams around me lately . Had the worst kind last night . I got my deepest < PROPFEMALE > and was living in my perfect world . Woke up at 3:30 am to discover it was an illusion . Laid there for 30 minutes wishing I never had that dream . Worse than any nightmare . :( 
Rule #1 : If you are sick with the flu , DO NOT GO TO WORK . 
Looking at the enneagram personality types . I am a type 7 . This appears to be kind of interesting in a pop psychology kind of way . :P 
Well , the MRSA scare is over . My life is finally full of peace and stability . Back to training , spending time with the people I care about , and writing . I want to have my first book done by Summer and start on the Non Fiction one next . :P 
What an awesome weekend . Wish every weekend could go this well . :) 
You know how some people hide junk food , secretly smoke or even drink ? I hide in my room and watch the Daily Show . Yes , I said it . :) 
Have you ever just seen someone you knew you could be friends with ? Happened to me last night . Really interesting looking person and more interesting Facebook profile . :) 
I went in search for myself , found me , and then realized why I lost me to begin with . So , I stuffed me back under the couch cushions again and when whistling off . :) 
Prayers for Japan and areas affected . Plus , prayers for Hawaii to be protected . 
I love Saturday morning , because I am off work . I hate Saturday morning , because I have to work around the house . But , Saturday night is the gathering and makes all the work worth it . :) 
I have decided to stop making assumptions about other people . I just hope they can start doing the same of me . Just had a conversation with someone who thought some pretty weird stuff about me . :P 
If you're going through hell , keep going . ~ Winston Churchill 
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey . ~ Kenji Miyazawa\ 
We acquire the strength we have overcome . ~ Ralph < PROPMALE > Emerson\ 
For a couple of friends who need a little bump up . :) 
Going to get my < PROPFEMALE > permit . Anyone that has ridden in a car with me knows this might be a bad thing . :P 
I think I miss the one I could never be with the most . 
Great day . Figured out two riddles I have been working on for years . One answer is from Platonic realism and I know of two universals in my life . The second is the question of fear and calming the mind . That came from Gandhi ( thanks Rychi ) quotes : •Fear is not a disease of the body ; fear kills the soul . •Strength does not come from physical capacity . It comes from an indomitable will 
On March 29th the Colt 1911 becomes 100 years old . That was the day that < PROPFIRST > Brownings design was commisioned and dubbed the 1911 by the US millitary . HAPPY BIRTHDAY 1911 . YEAH !!! 
“The men and women who have the right ideals ... are those who have the courage to strive for the happiness which comes only with labor and effort and self-sacrifice , and those whose joy in life springs in part from power of work and sense of duty . ” \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
When you meet the Buddha on the road , what then of everyone else you meet ? ~ A.H. Bruin 
Have to go see Priest now . < PROPFIRST > Urban and < PROPFEMALE > Q . Done deal . :) 
