Another day of purchasing . To further facilitate cleanliness in my apartment , I purchased a vacuum cleaner ( incidentally , my apartment's carpeting was a great deal dustier than I had imagined ) . To facilitate being clothed , I purchased a new pair of jeans . To facilitate staying clothed , I purchased a new belt . And to facilitate my own raging nostalgia , I purchased the WarCraft III Battle Chest . 

is sick , and it is like a brick wall to the face and neck . And it is always the same symptoms ; sore throat , fatigue , headache , and fever . However , he is very grateful that it is generally only lasts around a day , and only happens about once a year . 
has died of his sickness . In other news , some flavors of Gatorade really suck . 
has 150 friends ! And only like two of them are pity friends ! 
would like to remind you all that Saturday is for going to work . 
thinks that very < PROPFEMALE > sloths would make for excellent house pets . Get to work , geneticists ! 
is going to relax the crap out of tonight . 
is catching up on One Piece . 
is going to miss < PROPFIRST > Mays . 
mostly enjoys his < PROPFIRST > Foreman because making his own burgers is slightly cheaper and a good deal tastier ( or in some cases much cheaper and more or less the same amount of tastiness ) than getting them elsewhere . 
is feeling like a sheep in wolf's clothing lately . All baa-a-ark and no bite . 
needs something to do tomorrow . Anyone have plans that wouldn't be hindered by the presence of an < PROPFIRST > ? 
is enjoying some reheated McDonald's sausage biscuit things . Woo ! 
is quiet . Too quiet . 
finds < PROPFIRST > Frankenstein to be one of the most detestable and obnoxious characters in literature . Is one supposed to sympathize with him or something ? 
, in his weaker moments , wishes he was Soda Popinski . 
took the < PROPFIRST > Towns Spiritual Gifts test . His three highest scoring areas were Helper , Giver , and ... Prophet ?! 
is loving his Journey Church ice cream scoop . Still awaiting Journey Church socks and boxers . 
is now facebook.com/anthonybulldis . Originality will be my downfall . 
is having another punch-centered Friday night . When will his fists become like iron ? 
is one week away from beautiful and lake-covered Minnesota . I suppose I should start coming up with things to do and a place to stay while I'm there . ATTN Minnesotans : Who would like me on their couch for a week ? 
was at the Social Security Administration place for about 1.5 hours . This was 1 hour less than he expected . 
is doing laundry and packing for his flight and subsequent vacation tomorrow . And then , party at < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
is in Minnesota , donCHA know . 
went to the Zoo and saw some Awesome Bears yesterday ( yes , it deserves capitalization ) . Today he walked around his old St. < PROPFIRST > hangouts . Turns out HarMar is as much a crap mall as it has always been . 
is having an awesome time in MN , and needs a thesaurus . Tonight he goes to The Rock in the first time in 2 1/2 years . Also , some very big decisions that need making . 
is almost done with his vacation . Tomorrow he returns to New York with its boring lack of trees and poisonous rivers . 
has returned . Gotta go to work early tomorrow , so naturally I can't sleep . 
has found that too much introspection tends to lead to wildly inaccurate conclusions . 
Question to my brothers and sisters in Christ : do you ever get one of those freakishly obvious messages from God that you can't ignore even if you want to ? Feels like I just got one , so it looks like I'll be staying in New York for some time longer . 
is Queens playgroup tonight , apparently . 
Yes , New York Blood Center , I get it . I'll be there for the appointment . I don't need FIVE REMINDERS . 
New York Blood Center , you have failed me for the first time . PS , you are delusional if you think I'm ever trying to give platelets again . 
There is actually a safety rule against licking envelopes at Amtrak . 
Fightins ' like breathin ' , < PROPMALE > ! 
Looking into getting a real punching bag ; refridgerators are a poor substitute . 
Tonight is a night for pizza . But until then , Punch Out . 
was at Journey - Queens today . Attending the Worship Arts Team Orientation this evening . Writing Team all up in this social networking site . 
Blisters on the left foot , cuts on the right . Should I be taking it easy ? Nah . 
Why , yes , as a matter of fact it WAS a happy birthday . Thanks , everybody . 
Inflatable stand-up punching bag thing came in today . Wondering if I should have just bitten the bullet and gotten something ... sturdier . I'd have to punch this thing for an hour to qualify as a workout of any sort . 
Turns out < PROPFIRST > is a pretty good read , and it really doesn't have all that much in the way of < PROPFIRST > . Makes me wonder just how much better the Israelites would have had it if they had shown a little more faith , which leads to all kinds of convicting thoughts . 
Is there a kind of milk that doesn't go bad if you don't use it in a couple of days ? 
Turns out the inflatable punching bag is great . It just needed more water and air . 
I've been wondering ... what if the American guy or the Commie had gotten the Heart ring ? 
Doing push-ups the correct way seems to make them more difficult . Hopefully that also means better results . 
Today we say goodbye to some awesome people . Also , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are leaving . Good riddance . 
is taking care of business , every day , every way . It's alright . Working overtime . 
is reading Deuteronomy , aka THE MOST APPLICABLE BOOK EVER ! Why have I not read this before today !? 
' s attempt at an afternoon nap failed spectacularly . This has been a very elusive week , as far as sleep goes . 
sometimes has trouble distinguishing decisiveness with impatience and a lack of forethought . 
can't start a fire without a spark . 
shoved his way through a closing subway door . Felt manly . 
Fifty-four more days until the abomination of time is over . 
wishes he was crazy enough to make plans that are just crazy enough to work . But NO , his plans have to be bogged down with relentless sanity and adherence to the laws of nature ... 
Two years ago today , I went into Manhattan to purchase the Terminator 2 DVD , and looking around I wondered just what was going on . The significance of all the cops and flags everywhere didn't < PROPFEMALE > on me until I was already home . 
For some reason I just thought of the out-of-date encyclopedia set I had as a child . Awesome stuff it was . Every kid should have an out-of-date encyclopedia set . Some of it might even still be true ! 
watched Kung Fu Panda last night . Awesome movie . 
You know , Dr. Pepper from a fountain tastes quite a bit different as compared to Dr. Pepper from a can . 
So , did some kind of musical event happen recently ? Possibly with the letter ' V ' in it ? 
Has been doing some archive reading , and has come to the conclusion that only 15% of Onion articles are actually funny . The rest tend to just state the premise of the article over and over in different ways in hopes that one of the conceptual permutations will provoke a positive response . 
has realized that most of his favorite songs aren't his favorites because they are great songs per se , but because they remind him of things that he was doing or were happening while that song played . 
got stung by a < PROPFEMALE > for the first time ever today . Kinda hurt . 
I got some Mentos , and now all of the horribly awkward situations I find myself in are turning to my advantage . 
To beard or not to beard . That is the question . Might be fun for the winter . 
So apparently Obama got the Nobel Peace Prize for ... having the audacity to hope , meanwhile I haven't even gotten a sticker for my good intentions yet . 
There are a lot of things that I need to do today , so I'm going to sit here and think about them instead . 
Alright , fine ; maybe it IS starting to be too cold for shorts . 
has decided to be < PROPFIRST > Bunyan for Halloween . Alternatively , he'll use some fake blood and be a psycho logger . Alternatively , he'll use some makeup and be a zombie logger . 
came THIS close to beating Minesweeper on Hard . Allow me to present to you my thumb and index finger . See the < PROPFEMALE > gap between the two of them ? This gap is a visual representation of how close I came to beating Minesweeper on Hard . 
is bored with the proto-beard , and is going back to the tried and true goatee . 
< PROPFIRST > & Luigi : Bowser's Inside Story is the greatest game in quite some time . 
If you look at something hard enough , you'll eventually come to realize that it is hideous garbage and you'll regret ever buying it . 
Did some sort of friend wheel thing , which was pretty cool . It looks like I have 9 distinct groups of friends , and three other people who are groups of their own . 
It is October 31 , but why celebrate Halloween when you could be celebrating Vanilla Ice's birthday ? Or better yet , < PROPMALE > Schneider's birthday . 
NaNoWriMo is in full swing . Up to 7200 words or something . The pre-novel totally sucks , but it's the most I've ever written , so I'm with it to the end . 
NaNoWriMo Update : 8600 words and counting . Still convinced it totally sucks , but not letting that stop me . There is officially no doubt in my mind that I have never written so much before in my life . Just 41,400 to go ! 
has finally conquered Minesweeper on Hard difficulty , and as such no longer needs friends . 
has acquired and is currently enjoying Dethalbum II . So dark , and brutal , and metal . 
was opening the door to his apartment , and it hit him ; he lives in an apartment that he pays for with a job that he works at , and this all takes place in New York City . However , he must ask if something can count as an epiphany if one has already had it before . 
Okay , so parents are ' rents , but what does that make siblings ? ' Blings , ' lings , ' ings ? Help a ' ther out here . 
Woah , I just realized tomorrow is Friday the 13th . What a perfect night for going home after work , doing some light reading , and going to bed early after not watching movies of any sort . 
NaNoWriMo Update : Doing pretty badly actually . I haven't been keeping up with the word count . 
Friday night appliance punchings . Someday someone else is going to live here , and wonder why the fridge is all dinged up . 
Give me a good reason not to delete Mafia Wars from my profile . And no , the benefit your mafia gets out of it is not a good reason . 
It's almost 11 pm why am I still awake but hey I don't work tomorrow so ha . 
is taking a short break to let you all know that New Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . Wii is awesome . How can something be awesomely new and yet awesomely nostalgic at the same time ? If it is New Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . Wii , that's how . 
is leaving on a jet plane , and doesn't know when he will be back again . To be slightly less full of it , I am leaving on a commuter train , and I know precisely when I will return . 
just inflicted a savage beating against his little brother and sister . At Monopoly . 
is thankful for Jesus . And Batman . 
Mom made cinnomon rolls for breakfast . Dinner will consist of , but is not limited to , the following : turkey , stuffing , mashed potatoes , sweet potatoes , green bean cassarole , Pillsbury cresent rolls , Jell-O mold , gravy . 
The mall is so BORING . 
Gonna go see New < PROPFEMALE > or something ? I suspect the teenage girls will hate me for all the laughter that will occur . 
Came back from New < PROPFEMALE > . Not a terrible movie , though still way too melodramatic . 
is going to try to end more sentences with prepositions . 
Also , I got a haircut yesterday . 
At the Verizon store , getting a new plan and then cancelling it and then getting a different plan afterwards . It is important that all sales associates hate me . 
has a new cell phone , and a new cell phone number . Message me with your number if you want it . 
I still know what Pokemon are , and Blastoise will always be my favorite . Wartortle and Squirtle are in second and third place . 
Watching what can only be described as a faint dust layer forming outside , wherein the dust is made of snow and dust . I was promised a winter STORM . 
Over a period of twelve days , my true love gave to me 12 partridges in pear trees , 22 turtle doves , 30 french hens , 36 calling birds , 40 < PROPFEMALE > rings , 42 geese a layin ' , 42 swans a swimmin ' , 40 maids a milkin ' , 36 ladies dancing , 30 lords a leapin ' , 22 pipers piping , and 12 drummers drumming . 
Yesterday was devoted almost entirely towards the purchase of cleaning supplies , followed shortly thereafter by the application of the aforementioned cleaning supplies . With the exception of the 20-something year old stains and a few layers of dust here and there , my apartment is actually clean for the first time ever . 
was promoted to Accounting Clerk . Booyah . 
I'm already sick of 2011 . 
Yesterday I purchased Batman & Philosophy . This decision was based on the fact that A ) Batman and B ) it is one of the only pop culture philosophy books that doesn't suck . 
Interwebs have been installed in my dwelling quarters . Please advise . 
Bruise blue . 
is contemplating an investment in Tae < PROPMALE > . Thoughts ? 
Tonight sucked , and no amount of pancakes can remedy it . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... they have been eaten by dragons . 
Will I get any sleep tonight ? Probably not ! 
Shopping on Amazon for Experiencing God . Amazon then recommended I get Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Seasons 1-5 based on what other people bought along with Experiencing God . And I think I just might . 
If Batman was real , he would not be my Facebook friend . This is a sad truth . 
No More Heroes 2 is proving very difficult for me . I'm going to restart on Easy Mode . 
wishes he had a Doppelganger ... 
Obtained The Biggest Loser workout thing . The low-intensity beginners workout felt very not-low-intensity . In a few months I'll either be the sexiest man alive or dead . 
eats his Chinese food with chop sticks because he knows how to . 
I've gotten zapped so many times at work over the past few weeks . I guess there is something about underground offices that makes a lot of static electricity ? 
laughs in the direction of everyone who made updates concerning winter storms . 
is viewing Facebook in UK English because Facebook would not stop suggesting it . Now , do excuse me while I take the lift down to the pub where I shall partake of coloured fish and chips . 
didn't watch the Super Bowl . < PROPFIRST > Bulldis hasn't watched a Super Bowl in years . < PROPFIRST > Bulldis doesn't think he is missing much . < PROPFIRST > Bulldis will watch the commercials tomorrow or something . 
I'm starting to think , if I did sleep regularly , I might lose the ever-darkening circles around my eyes . I might miss them . 
Celebrate Valentines Day ? ::: Change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other and be sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy & paste this to your profile ! 
Friday or something ! 
Good night everyone . I'll be up bright and early for a day of Accounting-related brutality . I plan on seeing to it that the entire week be as brutal as possible . I will come at these approaching 168 with more force than is necessary , recommended , or even healthy . 
P.S. Soul is the worst genre of music ever . 
Everything nearby has meat in it . This is what it must be like to think I know what hunger is like . I feel so privileged and presumptuous and completely out of touch with reality ! 
is waiting for his pre-growth group pizza . 
How long can one listen to the Kraken's Theme from Pirates of the Caribbean before it starts to get old ? About 48 hours . Don't get me wrong , it is still awesome , but not quite as awesome as it was on Saturday . 
Vague , possibly metaphorical , post that in some way informs the reader of my immediate feelings/thoughts/activities . 
Popcorn tamed the gastric beast for now ... 
is losing weight and inches , apparently . 
Interviewing for my own job tomorrow . Good times are plentiful . 
The important thing is that a movie other than Avatar won . 
Daylight Savings Time is the single greatest atrocity that this nation endures . From this day forward , my votes will only go towards candidates who work towards the abolishment of this heinous and immoral practice . 
Filing taxes . Gonna not eat for a few weeks . 
Is it me or is the President's hair a lot grayer than it was last year ? 
Chicken head guy with the harmonica always makes me feel so uncomfortable . 
Drinking Coca-Cola in a Coca-Cola glass . 
Attention cheap pizza places of New York : I have officially no reason whatsoever to chose anything except Two Bros . Please note that while you all taste pretty much the same , Two Bros is cheaper . That is all . 
Plans for tomorrow : haircut , buying stuff at Target , and my freaking job I guess . 
Well I didn't get around to the haircut , but I did do the other two things . 
You're just one accident away from being permanently blind . Think about it . 
is trying to think of something to say that will make him sound cool . 
is getting a haircut tomorrow ; for real this time . 
Operation : Haircut was a success . 
Just saw a screening for the upcoming < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim movie . Greatest movie ever made . Everyone should see it twice when it comes out . 
God ALWAYS gets His way . 
just blew a gasket . Not the literal kind , mind you , though this apartment is old enough for such a thing . 
is quitting his job ! 
God's justice is great to rescue those innocent of wrongdoing , but how much greater is his mercy to rescue those rightfully condemned ? 
Some day named after a planet . 
finds talking to be an inadequate and cumbersome form of communication and will be sticking primarily to the written word for everything worth making known for the foreseeable future . 
It's like a paid vacation , basically , only subtract the paid part . Whatev . 
is pretty sure he'd be a rock < PROPFEMALE > if he could sing more like a rock < PROPFEMALE > . 
Monday is my weekend again . 
Verizon I am putting an end to this nonsense tomorrow . No more bills for something I don't even have . 
The Verizon store had really good taste in music . 
has his own zeitgeist . 
It's like this ; I don't really want to go to bed yet , but there is no actual reason for me to not go to bed . 
The time has come to read me some Dostoevsky . 
Hrm . I kinda wanna go see Kick Ass , but movies aren't really any fun by myself . 
Okay , went and saw Kick Ass . Pretty good , but didn't capture my imagination the way better movies have . 
Jury Duty ! 
No , Facebook , I will not be dating a cougar . 
It's just one of those days when ... well ... everything is actually pretty sweet and awesome . Pity about the rain , but other than that it's great . 
It's ALWAYS a good time for < PROPFIRST > Clarkson . 
How To Train Your Dragon is probably one of the best Dreamworks movies out there . Not sure if it is better than Kung Fu Panda or not ... 
Sick of the new profile picture , so I'm going back to the old one . Shut up . 
Oh to live the life of a Koopa < PROPMALE > ... 
The time has come to eat cereal on a regular basis once more . Luckily the box of Cocoa Puffs I bought last year is still good ( and apparently would have stayed good until July ) . Incidentally there is this place in what I think might be Woodside that sells quarts of milk for $0.99 . Granted that's only like two solid bowls of cereal , but still . 
On the one hand , I should probably put my A/C thing in the window soon . On the other hand , it's not like it will actually help me sleep . 
Would be a great time for going to bed if sleep was actually going to happen . So fraggin ' bored . 
One plus side to not sleeping ; not having to wake up . 
broke the piñata at someone else's birthday party . That's the kind of guy he is . 
For those of you who are wondering , that is the remains of the aforementioned piñata on my head . 
Chances are I disagree with you on a lot of stuff . Or not . 
I told you I'd shoot ! But you didn't believe me ! WHY DIDN'T YOU BELIEVE ME !? 
Your circuit's dead ; there's something wrong . 
just got a tooth extracted . On an entirely unrelated note , he is also having the single worst headache in the history of his ridiculous life . 
LOST , huh ? Sounds pretty cool . Maybe I'll watch it someday . 
Jury duty starts today . 
Turns out I'm not allowed to ever tell you guys anything about anything concerning my service as a grand juror . I'm not even sure if I can tell people that I am a grand juror . If I never make another update again you'll know what happened . 
Grand Jury was fun today . Can't tell you about any of the actual jury stuff , but we did watch Predator and a few of us played Texas Hold ' Em using Sweet ' N Low packets as currency . 
Today's jury duty consisted of The Italian Job , Big Daddy , and a bunch of things I can't tell you about because it is illegal for me to do so ! 
Today's adventures consisted of finishing The Italian Job , watching Inglourious Basterds , and various secrets ! 
Short Grand Jury session today . Finished Big Daddy , started watching Batman Returns , and some events that are not to be disclosed ever . Jerks didn't want to watch The Shining or Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon . 
Looking forward to another boring Memorial Day weekend . 
Pear cider is pretty good stuff . 
Not such a bad Memorial Day after all . Did a lot of walking , searched in vain for a particular video game at numerous Gamestop stores , ate some watermelon , and saw a protest telling < PROPMALE > to get out of Gaza . 
Oh Fight Club movie , you're the only one who really understands me ... 
Everything is a bad influence on me . 
87% of what I know about women was learned from < PROPFEMALE > Haskins . 
Mega Man III on my phone isn't nearly as impossible to play as I expected . 
Weekend ? Eh , not really . 
I think I may end up making fun of my own wedding . During my own wedding . Future wife , you knew what kind of man I was when you said something that I mistook for \yes\ " and didn't have the heart to correct me . " 
Oh , and I forgot to mention it , but yesterday I was on a walk and I found a dollar . It was easily my most profitable walk ever . 
< PROPMALE > of Persia was a good movie . 
TYPING IN ALL CAPS AS AN EXPRESSION OF LOUDNESS AND EXCITEMENT TO MASK THE FACT THAT I'M BORING AND FEEL EXCITEMENT FOR NOTHING ! 
... and then it occurred to me that all I was doing was throwing glass houses through my own stone . 
At at least one point I laughed uncontrollably in between cases today . One or more of the other jurors might have taken it personally . 
It is unfortunate that my cheap friends also tend to be my more shut-in or busy friends . How am I the only one who finds aimlessly wandering urban areas and looking at random things to be fun ? 
Woo party ! 
One more week of unleashing heaping spoonfuls of justice upon our fair County/Borough . Non-New Yorkers , did you know that New York City takes up FIVE COUNTIES !? 
All this stuff about soccer and what not going on for some reason . You know I once had a soccer ball , but you don't see me screaming at the entire world about it . 
Saw The A-Team . Pretty much everything I was hoping for in a movie . 
GUITAR GROUP WOO ! 
A sore throat !? But the competition is tonight ! How am I supposed to win enough money for Little < PROPFEMALE>'s new legs now !? 
did his own laundry for the first time in quite some time . The savings feel so good ! 
Probably go see Toy Story 3 at the cheap neighborhood theater tomorrow . 
Toy Story 3 was great . Makes me wonder what kind of twisted shattered minds I left my toys with before they went wherever it is my toys went . \ 
\ 
Where DID my toys go , Mother ? 
Growth Group tonight woo ! 
The tip of my left middle finger has been feeling a bit numb for quite some time . It's possible I may have somehow destroyed it from the inside . 
The previously mentioned fingertip numbness that I mentioned previously has spread to my left index and ring fingers , and redundancy is awesome . 
Now honestly Facebook ; don't you think I'll notice that people have changed their profile pictures on my own ? I really don't need to be told about it . 
Sleep isn't happening tonight , so I have decided to tidy up my apartment instead . 
accidentally learned how to play \Mary Had a Little Lamb\ " on the E strings . It just sort of ... happened . " 
It would seem that fan in the window works quite a bit better than the A/C unit . Probably tons cheaper too . \ 
Also , it would seem that the UPS man just left a parcel of mine next to my door where anyone could have walked up and taken it . Inside were the 10 lb hand weights that I obtained via blood donation points . 
just bought a hammer and some nails . Why did he do this ? Well , that's a secret . Not a very good secret , mind you , but a secret nonetheless . \ 
In other news , people who are planning to do something fun for Independence Day should probably invite < PROPFIRST > , as he is awesome company for all occasions . 
still doesn't actually know what a hipster is . This is unlikely to change no matter how well you explain it . 
Facebook tells me that many people who like techno also like \hip hop music\ " . I am not one of them . \ 
< PROPFEMALE>'s fireworks show on the Hudson was awesome like usual . 
hates stringing guitars . Easily the worst part about having one . 
Guess I'll go see Eclipse some time this afternoon at the cheap theater in Sunnyside . Anyone want to come with ? 
Eclipse was PROBABLY better than New < PROPFEMALE > , but the details of the latter are kind of faded . 
I'm tempted to blame this heat wave for my sleep troubles , but I'm not fooling anyone . We all know I'd still be up all night if it were 50 degrees cooler . 
My POWERTHIRST has arrived ! AAAAAUUUUUUUGH ! 
Yeah , I don't even really know who this LeBron < PROPFIRST > guy you are all talking about is , but I guess he's a terrible person or something ? 
Bar chords are really hard . On a slightly more up note , I just figured out how to play the first couple seconds of < PROPFIRST > Cash's Walk the Line . 
WHO WANTS TO GO SEE PREDATORS WITH ME TONIGHT !? 
Two things . One , bar chords have entered the realm of inevitability . \ 
Two , afternoon naps are AWESOME and beat the heck out of trying to sleep at night . 
Not often that I party all night . Woo . 
Spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite spite 
Laundry Day , brought to you by the letter \L \"." 
Man , I don't even KNOW . 
I do believe it is time for my semi-annual haircut . Here's hoping semi-annual means what I think it means so I don't sound like an idiot . 
Okay dudes and non-dudes , next week I'm going to be in Boston for a few days on business and staying in a nice hotel and getting my food paid for by the company . SO , to the people who have been , where are some places I must absolutely go to while I am there ? 
Good old fashioned friend list culling ; 12 people dropped , and they will probably never know it because we never interacted anyways . \ 
Members of the < PROPFIRST > Bulldis friend list are reminded that they can be removed at any time , and for any reason . 
Facebook tells me that 9,452,317 people like < PROPFEMALE > Fox . It tells me this because I am not one of them . NOR WILL I EVER BE . \ 
PS < PROPFEMALE > Fox die in a fire . 
Ostentatious in all things , possessing a dignity not unlike that of the extinct North American Lion , and at least seven times more attractive than an ugly Viking , He Is The Most Interesting Man On Facebook . 
I just saw the phrase \very occasionally\ " on a Wikipedia article . Any thoughts as to what it could possibly mean ? " 
Was digging out some of my luggage things for my trip tomorrow , and I found a desiccated roach attached to it . Must have killed it when I dropped the bag in my closet last November . One more victory for humanity ! 
All about the Acela Express . Turns out all that hooplaw about their having free Wi-Fi was completely true and accurate . 
Spent too much time fiddling around with my laptop , and now I don't know what state I am in . If the golf course looking things are any indication , probably CT . 
Just left Stamford or whatever . Actually it was probably ten minutes ago . 
Who the hell is < PROPFEMALE > Gomez and why do 6.5 million people like her and why is it recommended that I like her as well ? 
Why do I keep watching Special Victim's Unit ? 
Sometimes I am afraid that I will die without first thinking of the perfect epitaph . I am also torn as whether I should go for something deep and meaningful , something outright hilarious , or something that seems dumb but is actually so ironic that it is the best thing ever . 
I can't think of anything else to say about Boston Trip . 
Stamford , CT . It is like < PROPFEMALE > vu , except it is totally not . 
Yeah , I got sunburned at Jones Beach , and it is because I don't use sunscreen . But I won't admit that it is at all uncomfortable , because I am a man . 
It's that feeling you get when none of your actual emotions are running at the moment . 
Alright , < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim volumes 4-6 are on their way from the Internet . Hurray for unusually low prices and that thing where if you buy enough you don't have to pay shipping ! Soon as I get volumes 1-3 back from < PROPFEMALE > Sun and < PROPFIRST > Cuddeback my collection will be complete ! Well , at least until I lend out 4-6 . 
Eye Appointment at 3:30 today . Replacing my glasses much faster than I thought . 
That < PROPMALE > Park watch movies thing where you watch a movie in < PROPMALE > Park . Pretty fun times . Wouldn't do it regularly , though . 
STARCRAFT II WOO !!!!!! 
Used to be only 8 of my friends liked Barack Obama . Now 20 of them do . 
A bit of apartment tidying and Dethklok . 
has his new glasses . 
The problem with trying to sort through all of my emotional crap and whatnot by writing it down is that I generally feel much better about everything after the fact , thus invalidating everything I had just written down . Resolving inner conflicts is so frustrating . 
You know what ? Friday nights SUCK . This is a fact that I am stating for the record . 
Urge to kill rising . 
is feeling the anger known to some as peace and contentment . Not sure why people call it those things though . 
Guess I'll go ahead and go see Inception tonight . 
Yeah , Inception was great . But what I don't get is all that talk from people who've seen it about how it can't be explained and stuff . What's to explain ? They go inside dreams and commit shenanigans . 
I'd say no rest for the wicked , but that conflicts with the fact that so many of you seem to sleep soundly on a regular basis . \ 
Unless no one actually sleeps and I'm the only one who says anything about it . I won't know unless you tell me . 
AKINATOR ! HOW DOES HE KNOW ? HOW DOES HE ALWAYS KNOW ?! 
Pthhhhbt . 
More than anything else , I hate Summer for the electric bills . 
So we all know that I am not going to fall asleep tonight , so the question is this ; what time should I go lie down on my bed and start thinking about stuff ? 
Messing around with my webcam and microphone and whatnot . If my parents find out I have one they might insist that I start skyping them or something . 
had forgotten how much acid can hurt . 
Facebook is trying to recommend that I Like pages that I used to Like but then stopped Liking . \ 
It's like one of those 80s divorce songs , but between a man and an online abstraction . Which I guess is about as close to a woman as I am going to get . 
I'm ... tired ? Hungry , maybe ? Possibly happy ? Hmm ... \ 
Well I'm something , that's for certain . 
Going on vacation this afternoon , so for the next week or so I officially care less than usual about whatever it is you are gabbing about . 
Yes , I will eventually get around to writing up some kind of Texas Trip , but for now I just don't feel like it . 
Twenty-three for the last time . 
Alright , that's enough rum for one birthday I think . 
All birthday details will be released in the upcoming Texas Trip note . 
Was thinking about the next parts of Texas Trip , only to realize I can't remember most of the week . Probably because I didn't do anything of note most of the time . Just relaxed and slept . All this healthy and natural sleep I've been doing has probably turned me into a semi-normal person , thus robbing me of all talent and creativity . Nothing left but brutality until I stop sleeping again . 
Oh , I've been back in NYC for a few hours now . But after I got back I took a nap , because I wanted one . Now I'm off . 
After a few semi-rigorous hours , I have come to the conclusion that it simply is not possible for my bathroom floor to be clean . 
But who cares about whatever it was I just said in my last update because my electric guitar that I UPS'd to myself from Texas has just arrived completely on schedule and at the most convenient of times . \ 
Hurrah for Capitalism ! 
I'm in the mood for some bacon-fried bacon . 
I need to learn another language so that I can rant and yell in another language . 
You know what ? I am getting very sick and tired of these stupid phrases that some kook puts together and then everyone \Likes\ " . A plague on the house of this cutesy crap and everything it represents . " 
Confidence is buying into your own hype . 
It is my inability to slaughter the masses in StarCraft II that makes me want so dearly to slaughter . Why did I even BUY this game !? 
Quite a day . Long , tiring , reaffirming , endearing , at times hilarious , others heartbreaking , but wonderful overall . 
Foo , what a day ! 
Nothing says friendship like the airing of grievances . I am the best friend in the world when it comes to having someone to complain about stuff to . 
High fives to all my insomniac bruthas and sistahs ! 
Nothing but ? 
Hurricane < PROPMALE > , you light my fire . 
Woo , awesome belated birthday party . My friends are better than your friends , unless your friends are me , in which case you have the best friends . 
I like Labor Day because it is dedicated to ME ! ( and millions of other people but who cares about that ? ) 
Results of today's Hardcore Bachelor Grocery Shopping : 2 boxes of Little < PROPFEMALE > Swiss Rolls , 1% milk , 2 frozen pizzas , a small container , 3 bags of instant mashed potatoes , 12 pack box of beef-flavored ramen noodles , box of generic raisin bran , box of generic frosted mini wheats , and a pack of gum . 
Is it me , or are all the coolest mammals already extinct ? 
Why do I own three pairs of boots I am such a woman ... 
Also , every time I tidy up I am reminded that I have a fairly good sized studio . 
Rarely does a day go by where I do not reflect upon the fact that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was pretty much the best person ever . 
Sometimes life is hard because life is hard . Other times life is hard because we are freaking morons . 
Facebook tells me that my friends have added a total of 2,420 new friends in the past month . Clearly you people aren't terribly selective ... or everyone but me is becoming a great deal more popular as of late . Both are probable , I suppose . 
As < PROPFIRST > seeks slumber from soaring and searing , sizzling skies are subsumed by snow , and my soul submits to the serenity of shivering . 
Planning out my vacation over the week of Thanksgiving , and by the look of the airline ticket prices , I'm considering taking the train both to and from Texas . 
Feel like making some sappy update here , but ... meh . 
Cave Story ~ 
If only it were freezing ... 
Boxing Lessons Day 1 : between the treadmill , jump rope , other jumping , push-ups , and psycho crunches , I am very much out of commission . On the plus side , anything this exhausting and painful will no doubt turn me into a rampaging monster in a few months . 
Boxing Lessons Day 2 : Torso is too sore to eat . I infer that this is how exercise makes you lose weight . 
So wait , was there an actual tornado , or just tornado warnings ? \ 
For those of you who don't live in New York , we had a storm and it knocked down all three of the trees in the city . 
Boxing Lessons Day 3 : My arms and legs have fallen off . Reattachment is proving tricky . 
just stubbed like three toes at once . Slightly impressed . 
was playing Free Cell , and managed to lose in like four moves . That's like maximum losing right there . 
Bachelor Grocery Shopping Again ! This time : 5 boxes of cheap cereal , one container of Slim Fast shake mix with extra protein , one container of vitamin supplements , and NO LITTLE DEBBIES ARE YOU HAPPY NOW REBECCAAAAAA !? Naw its cool you know you my dawg . 
So strange . I feel like I've wasted the whole morning lying in bed , and then I get up and it's only 8 . 
Why am I up at 7 am on my day off ? 
On my return trip from one of the many capitalism shrines I beheld the sight of a < PROPFEMALE > lizard scurrying as lizards often do . It was spectacular . 
What a day . Punched the air so many times I could barely do any push-ups , still can't hold my legs up in the air for more than a few seconds , got a $10 check in the mail for doing a survey I don't even remember , and children all over the world are starving to death . 
Boxing Lessons Day 4 : Totally forgot that this is how I head these updates , and I ended up saying everything relevant in another update . Oh well . 
Every day is the day we fail as humans . 
Ugh , one episode in and Glee is already stressing me out . ISN'T REAL LIFE CONFLICTED ENOUGH !? 
I think what is wrong is that my internal clock is set so that I'm supposed to be asleep during the hours I work . If I could go back to a night shift everything would be groovy . Either that or I secretly hate parts of my life so much that it is driving me into a constant frenzy of manic thought patterns . \ 
Or I'm a super hero . 
Boxing Lessons Day 5 : Doesn't really count because I got really dizzy in the middle of it and couldn't finish . 
Watching old YouTube videos of Big Rigs : Over the Road Racing . For those who don't know , it is widely considered to be the single worst game ever made . 
Late night stroll took a lot longer than I wanted it to when I got totally freaking lost in Woodside . It was mostly Woodside Avenue's fault . 
What the crap , September . You told me there would be cool and enjoyable weather . Where's the cool , September ? 
just bought some fancy new sheets and flipped my mattress . Good times all around . 
I wouldn't mind the rain so much if I didn't actually have things to do today . 
Eh , 9 social encounters out of 10 seem to leave me somehow disappointed at the end of them , like there was something I did wrong or some opportunity I missed . People are hard work . 
Occasionally one is confronted with the full weight of their iniquities . The only acceptable response is sorrow and repentance . 
Maybe sleep isn't a physiological necessity , but more of just a physiological recommendation . 
I'M A SHAAAAAAARK . 
Apparently it takes me 6 hours to catch up on a week's worth of sleep . 
Today's itinerary : laundry and church . If I'm not TOO busy , I might fit a haircut in there as well . 
Okay guys ( or actually girls mostly ) I have a confession to make . Contrary to any enthusiasm I may have shown , the first episode of the new season of Glee felt very contrived and was overall underwhelming , and I hesitate to watch any further episodes . 
My number of friends seems to have increased from 250 to 251 overnight , and I can't figure out how . 
So what is cynicism rooted in ? Does it come from an overwhelming despair that anything seemingly worthwhile is either fraudulent or doomed to failure ? Or is it born of contentious and bitter pride , the like that refuses to agree with anyone just for the < PROPMALE > to laugh in someone's face ? 
I was considering checking out NYCC up until I saw the ticket prices . Think I'll stick to my usual weekend regiment of work , sleep , and self loathing . 
In life it is always the little details that will drive you mad if you let them . Sometimes these maddening details are certain people . But the good thing about details is that they are easily ignored when you focus on the big picture . 
Oh to be a monster ... 
The very beginning of what will no doubt prove to be a very long day . So exciting I might almost accidentally smile or something . 
It's just one of those days where you actually wake up . 
Lesse , boxing lessons , platelet donation , and , if platelet donation doesn't take too long , Super Service Monday . Not even my day off is a day off . 
Huh , hasn't rained like this since the last time it rained like this . Which was a few weeks ago , I think . 
So apparently we are pro-stoning again ? When did this happen ? I mean , I'm not necessarily anti-stoning per se , but I figured we as a society had trended away from such things . 
Also , I don't even own any purple clothing , and if I did I would only wear it while sitting on my throne , executing treacherous courtiers . 
I'm tired . 
My mind insists that I am miserable , but I can't think of anything specific to be unhappy about . Maybe some sort of dread that everyone I know is developing into a better version of themselves and accomplishing things while I just stagnate and rot , and that I'll be left behind immersed in my own decay while everyone lives happily ever after without me ? 
I always seem to get the competent , friendly , and helpful customer service people who get me precisely the service or information I am looking for . 
Someday I am going to meet someone famous , and I will probably just shrug and mumble something under my breath , and it might offend them slightly . But please don't be offended , celebrities , because that's just kind of what I do . Just ask my fancy and well-dressed friends . 
Y'all having a lot of fun this Friday night ? That's great ! As for me , I'm going to do laundry or something . Fun does not exist . 
Finally removed the A/C unit from my window . 
Facebook stop preying on my insecurities with your ads ! It won't work ! Because I'm stubborn and suspicious and other things ! 
Well , not counting the unfortunate sights and unfortunate news , today was awesome . 
Alright , time to change the strings on my guitar . It's now or never . 
What does it mean when you can't see someone's Facebook Wall ? Does it mean they got rid of it , or are they just blocking everyone from it , or are they just blocking me from it ? And regardless of what it is , my real question is why ? \ 
Strikes me as uselessly flailing against the world , hoping it will go away . 
Sponsored Ad : Diet Coke Fans . \Join our community of extraordinary individuals and be the first to find out about Diet Coke updates . \ " \ 
Off to sing some songs while lyrics stream in front of me and the music plays in front of a bunch of people some of whom I know . 
Dancing in the Dark and Turn the < PROPFEMALE > went well ; You Know My Name , on the other hand , really pushes the envelope even in perfect form , and after two songs and plenty of singing along with other songs I simply couldn't pull it off properly . 
Ça va . That's about the only way to put it . 
Well , off to celebrate things , like people being born or people visiting the city . Stuff like that . 
Great day all around . 
Based on events that not one of you knows about , I have decided it prudent to give up Pringles forever . There are some things a man cannot control himself around , and in such circumstances it is better not to tempt oneself . 
Question : when you do laundry at the laundromat , do you stay with your clothes the entire time , or do you only come back when they are done being washed/dried ? Or do you drop off ? 
Boxing today . I've been pretty bad about going regularly over the last couple of weeks , but this is the week things change ! 
Back from Boxing , and I'm pretty sure I burned off all the calories I ingested for breakfast . 
Picked up my Leatherman from the Post Office yesterday . Another victory for quick and efficient service . Also , now I have a Leatherman . So that's great too . 
256 pages in , and I don't really feel like finishing Atlas Shrugged . 
Between low sleep and still recovering from Monday's workout , I'm still not at 100% , so just a little workout today : half-hour on the treadmill and some dumbbell stuff . 40 lbs gets heavy pretty fast . 
People , the World Series starts today . Did anyone know that ? Does anyone care ? I might slightly care , due to Texas . 
NaNoWriMo starts in just a few days ! 
The next 72 hours or so should prove rather exciting . Halloween really has nothing to do with it , though . 
I find that I appreciate pay day a great deal more now that it is only every other week . 
American Idiot . 
Yeah , so American Idiot was amazing . Great cast , great set , great writing and choreography . Leg room was slightly lacking . Also I had dinner at Shake Shack beforehand and OH MY LORD HAVE I EVER HAD SUCH A DELICOUS HAMBURGER IN MY LIFE I THINK MAYBE NOT . 
Just woke up from the worst dream ever . 
Bluh bluh Halloween . Honestly I just don't care anymore . Not even the thought of < PROPFEMALE > excites me . 
National Novel Writing Month : Day 1 . This is going to be hard . 
Well , NaNoWriMo Day 1 proved to be a pain in the butt , but I managed to churn out 2000 words . Also in boxing class my trainer bounced a 15 pound medicine ball on my gut . It felt like what I assume getting punched feels like . 
Voting today , just in case it does in fact make a difference . 
What a day . Lots of work done at work , lots of writing done for NaNoWriMo , and lots of voting done for Election Day . To celebrate , I will eat one or more of < PROPFIRST > Joy's delicious chocolate cupcakes . 
Just checked out the election results . My only thoughts on the matter are \who are these people and does this actually mean anything ? \"" 
What is even WITH all this being productive that I am all about ? Doing things at work ? Getting up to 6,063 words on NaNoWriMo ? It's like I left my own life and ended up in the life of someone almost identical to me , but who does slightly more things . \ 
Guess I'll do boxing class tomorrow . 
Slower day today . More NaNoWriMo ( at 8,562 as of this comment ) while listening to some Calentura . WOO CALENTURA !!! \ 
I'll do some sit ups or something later . 
A slow day for NaNoWriMo , only got up to 10008 words . 
A few things occurred to me earlier today :\ 
1 . My lease is up at the end of December ( and I fully intend on finding someplace cheaper)\ 
2 . I don't have a driver's license with which to procure and operate a vehicle to transport my smattering of possessions . \ 
3 . Most people I know will probably be out of town or otherwise occupied at the end of December . \ 
This could be a problem . 
Currently at 11,763 words , and it occurs to me that I enjoy writing a lot , and should probably do it more often . \ 
YES I ALREADY KNEW I LIKED WRITING SHEESH , but you know sometimes things slip your mind ; you forget bits and pieces about yourself until you are confronted by them once more . 
Up to 15,101 words . Also , it is going to be a very long day . 
Things I might end up doing today : 1 ) Buy a backpack since it seems I do not own one and I want to be a cool guy who walks around with a bunch of stuff like all of you cool guys . 2 ) Have some breakfast at a diner , in fulfillment of a dream I recently had . 3 ) Boxing class . 4 ) Platelet donation . 5 ) Write another 2,000 or so words . 6 ) Click a cow . 
I just got some really old fisticuffs literature in the mail from my aunt < PROPFEMALE > Wells . Thanks ! 
Well , did most of the things I set out to do . Backpack buying was a bit of a bust , and after wasting so much time looking for one that didn't cost a ridiculous amount I ended up not having time for Boxing class today . Currently at 17,103 words . 
Just hit 20,036 words . Yay . 
I just went through some security features with Facebook . I can rest easy now , knowing my Facebook is safe . 
22,146 words . Characters appearing out of nowhere . Semblance to actual novel rapidly fading . Caring about it vanished on Day 1 . 
Having the day off is really throwing me off . Feels like Sunday or something . 
Downloading Open Office because Microsoft Word seems to want to sabotage my NaNoWriMo . 
24,468 words in NaNoWriMo . Might go ahead and hit the halfway < PROPFIRST > later today , but I've already reached today's goal of typing more than my average words per day . 
I'd tell you guys what I did to make sure I fell asleep last night , but you'd just get on my case for being a danger to myself , so I won't bother . 
26,754 words , and that's just the start of what should prove to be an excellent weekend . 
\Love DRAGON BALL Z ? Then see why an ex-villain makes an exceptional superhero in DreamWorks MEGAMIND . Click for more ! \ " Oh my God Facebook ads did you just go there ? Because I would like to believe that you did not just go there . " 
Up to 28,301 words in NaNoWriMo . Thought about hitting 30,000 today , but I don't honestly feel like it . 
I just had the most absurd \oh no we're going to be late for our flight\ " dream EVER . " 
31113 words in NaNoWriMo . Now on to other things . 
I'm kind of hungry . Guess I should eat breakfast or something . 
33,400 words in NaNoWriMo , and now for a bit of tidying up around the apartment before going to boxing class . 
35,000 words . Guess I'll hit the 40K < PROPFIRST > by this Friday at the latest . 
38,000 words in NaNoWriMo . Also ... um ... eh , never mind . 
Going to see Deathly Hallows tonight , like apparently half my friend list is . I'm a geek with a bunch of geek friends . Go figure . 
Deathly Hallows is a pretty cool guy . I mean good movie . If you like < PROPMALE > Potter stuff you'll enjoy it ( it's a < PROPMALE > Potter movie ) . 
One of the stranger things with Facebook is when you inevitably start replying to the replies of people who you are not actually Facebook friends with , but with whom you share a mutual friend . Sometimes it gets weird , other times it can be rather fun . And then suddenly your cousins and friends start arguing politics on your own wall , and it just gets a little groan-inducing . 
Change of plans . I found a pretty good non-stop flight deal , so I'm going to fly to Texas instead of taking the train . Good times to be had by all , though having me around two days early might throw my family a bit off . 
Guess I suck at Trivial Pursuit now . Oh well . 
How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb ? 
Totally dominated my family at RISK . I had to force one of them to stay in the game just so I could win for real , as opposed to by default . 
My vacations always feel like a few days too long . 
I come back to my apartment only to find that no one thing had been stolen ! How am I supposed to come home outraged when there is nothing to rage about , I ask ! 
Attention Facebook people in New York City . I am currently apartment hunting . If you happen to know of any studios or one bedroom apartments in Queens or Manhattan under $800 a month , let me know . Alternatively , if you've always fantasized about having a sarcastic grump for a roommate and either have an available room or are willing to find one , I am willing to consider helping your dreams come true . 
Still apartment hunting . My landlord told me the other day that if I decide to sign a new lease , he won't raise my rent , but if I can find something cheaper nearby , I'll take it . I'm also relaxing my stance on living with strangers , so let me know if you know a guy who knows a guy whose cousin's ex-boyfriend's former classmate has a free room ... 
Well , guess I'm moving to Kew Gardens then . 
Yeah , I'm sick of being The Shredder , so I switched to a villain far more monstrous . 
Got the keys to my new place . Gonna be moving various whatevers there throughout the week because I have nothing but spare time most of the time . 
Am I the only one who isn't made perpetually miserable by cold weather ? 
A person gets three wishes . A < PROPFEMALE > only has one , to be free . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are friend to all < PROPFEMALE > s . In honor of the < PROPFEMALE > who made you a handsome invulnerable < PROPMALE > of the galaxy please post this . 
I rather enjoyed Tangled . If you like Disney movies , you'll like it too . 
As we celebrate Awareness Month , please copy this status if you know anyone , or know anyone who knows anyone . 
Packing up my stuff , but I keep getting distracted by everything that is not packing up my stuff . 
Moving is almost complete : I have pretty much all my stuff over at my new place . All that's left is cleaning up my old place , handing over the keys , and getting my deposit back . It's the last part that I'm most concerned about . 
Unpacking and sorting continues at a slow rate . I may end up throwing some more things away just because . 
To all NYC Facebook people : who is staying in the city this Christmas ? Too all non NYC Facebook people : who is visiting NYC this Christmas ? 
Internet obtained . Now I can surf at top speed all the time , instead of middling speeds when disparate wifi networks feel like sharing . 
Eeeeee ! I got my security deposit back ! Woo ! 
The greatest Christmas present of all : Overtime . I'll be spending Christmas at work , and then maybe go somewhere to eat afterwards ? 
Think I'm going to explore Midtown after work . See what's open . Buy some disinfectant spray . Have myself some kind of indulgant Christmas dinner . 
Just looked up Boxing Day . Apparently it is mostly box-related . 
More overtime tomorrow ! 
I don't think I've ever seen snow this deep in a place that wasn't the Cascade Mountains . Cars buried and stranded in the middle of the road and what not . Had to whip out the hardcore Minnesota cold weather gear ... which ended up being a little too warm . 
I am beginning to suspect that my belt is stretching , because I am fairly certain that I am not becoming any less bulky . 
We're going to party like it hasn't been 1999 for over a decade . 
An interesting dichotomy on Facebook tonight : one half talking about some football game I didn't watch , and the other about a shooting in Arizona that I just now found out about . 
Everyone needs to go see the Green Hornet movie . That is all . 
I looked at myself in the mirror this morning and decided I need a haircut . People who said I needed a haircut , you were right . 
Got a haircut . I think it looks pretty alright . 
Walked home from work today . Took me over two hours , but whatever . 
As much of an inconvenience it may be , I really love snow . Especially today . It's not too cold , it's not all kinds of < PROPFEMALE > . Just pure fluffy tranquility . 
You know what Blood People ? If I were a bolder/ruder person I'd just go ahead and say \no\ " to your constant craving for my platelets . If you'd just ask for whole blood it wouldn't be so bad . " 
So I'm browsing around aimlessly , and I come to find out that the Nintendo 3DS is coming out in just a few months . And then I come to find out that I am going to get one because BRAND LOYALTY IS A REAL THING . \ 
Turns out I am a human , and knowledge of this can be used by others to their advantage . Well played , Nintendo . 
Thinking of doing some hardcore laundry after work today . Get my clean on know what I'm saying brah ? 
Just did my taxes . 
Comment on this status about how you met me . But , I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
My union made some kind of deal with Aflac and now there's a guy trying to sign everyone up for that thing where they give you money if you get injured or something . \ 
I'm trying to decide if it is worth my while . 
Favorite commercial was the old people escaping the posh prison . 
Four years ago today I started working for Amtrak . I am trying very hard to think of something funny to say about that . 
Last night was fun . Went to an < PROPFEMALE > Autumn concert last night with < PROPFEMALE > Eldredge and some of her friends . Helped support Captain Maggot's crowd surfing , and < PROPFEMALE > actually responded to my shouting \I RESPECT YOU AS A PERSON ! \ " So I guess me and E are best friends now . " 
No one who celebrates < PROPFIRST>'s Day in < PROPMALE > is my friend . Just go ahead and remove me right now . I'm bitter and lonely so screw your romance and happiness . 
YouTube just recommended a < PROPFIRST > Mayer video for me to watch . YouTube you are DEAD to me . 
In honor of the upcoming holiday , I am trying very hard to think of who my favorite President is . Except I don't know squat about Presidents so chances are I'll either go with my standby of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > or just pick one at random . 
What the crap . Either it is snowing outside or some volcano just erupted . And I didn't bring a jacket or volcano survival gear to work with me today . 
Sorry people who play CityVille , but I had to nip this thing in the < PROPMALE > before it got out of control . I told myself a while ago that my Facebook game playing days were behind me , and I need to stick to that . 
Looks like I underestimated the distance I walked today . We're looking about about 12 < PROPMALE > . Not bad . 
Are we all talking about awards now ? Because I think enormous piles of money should be reward enough . 
Look atmosphere , I can understand you wanting to be in the 30s today . It's still winter , and you are entitled to that . But if you were going to be freezing today , you really shouldn't have been in the 50s yesterday . Find one temperature band and stick to it ; no one appreciates fickle weather . 
I'm wearing a black shirt with a little bit of green on it . That's the best I can do . 
I can't remember when my last haircut was , but I'm starting to think I might need another one soon . 
Look at your status , now back to mine , now back at yours , now back at mine . Sadly , yours isn’t mine . But if you stopped posting about the other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? You’re on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like . I’m on a computer . 
Went and saw Rango tonight . Great movie . Not really for kids . 
Are we born humans who can decay into monsters , or are we born monsters who must become human ? 
This morning in the subway station I saw like four or five rats running around the rails chasing each other . It was like they were reenacting the Scooby Doo hallway of doors gag . 
I see a whole bunch of nouns being typed in all caps on Facebook ! This means that SOME MANNER OF TEAM SPORTS IS HAPPENING ! EVERYONE DO YOUR BEST AND HAVE FUN ! 
If you were President of the United States , which country would you bomb ? Because you have to bomb at least one country ; it's the rules . 
Got a notice last night that I was being sued . What the hell ? 
It's a laundry kind of 2 am . 
I guess I'm just terribly ignorant about all the horrible things that could occur because of it , because I view the threat of a government shut down with a sort of morbid fascination . 
What a nice day . Think I'll do laundry . 
Organized my socks today . Yes , that is a thing that can be done . 
Freaking splinters . Going to buy tweezers and a needle . 
Making a plan or two for my upcoming visit to the Twin Cities . Mostly looking into the best bus depots to hide in overnight . 
Every so often I'll come home to find my roommate shaving his head in the kitchen . Why the kitchen ? Your guess is as good as mine . 
Alrighty , so I'll be in the Minneapolis/Saint < PROPFIRST > area in around 24 hours or so . If you find yourself somewhere in that area and have found yourself with an excess of free time , you should go ahead and spend it with me , because I'm only in the area once every two years on average . 
Well I'm back . In New York . Etcetera . 
About to watch some CNN thing about Osama Bin Laden being dead I guess ? 
Maybe I'm just being unpatriotic , but I'm not feeling the enthusiasm that everyone else seems to be . We killed a guy . A guy who only founded the organization . It's beyond his control , and < PROPMALE > Qaeda isn't going to stop just because he's dead . It's not like cancer was cured or hunger wiped out . 
It's Cinco de Mayo I guess . Maybe I'll go have Chipotle for dinner or something . 
