Don't worry , I'm from the internet ! 

If I go crazy then will you still call me Superman ? 
is not only PERFECT , but is PUERTO RICAN too ! 
I have a high opinion of myself . Call it ego , cockiness , whatever the hell you want . But the reality is that I am the best of the best . 
is going to share with you the best pick up line ever . \You look like a women who can be supported by an average size rowboat without it capsizing ! \"" 
I never want to get comfortable with what I'm doing . I don't think I can grow if I'm comfortable . So I want to push myself a little bit further . 
I wish you all the best . I wish comfort on difficult days , smiles when sadness intrudes , rainbows to follow the clouds , laughter to kiss your lips , sunsets to warm your heart , hugs when spirits sag , beauty for your eyes to see , friendships to brighten you 
< PROPFIRST > MAYS IS DEAD ! :( 
Why couldn't they bring MJ back to life and let him die again in replace of < PROPFIRST > Mays ? :( MJ sucked , was a pedophile and the world is a better place without him . 
< PROPFIRST > Mays - July 20 , 1958 – June 28 , 2009 ; You sir , will be deeply missed ! :( 
wishes I was paid in Euros instead of shitty ass American currency . 
just got done working out and is feeling pumped . 
Doesn't understand how someone could be embarrassed to buy their wife tampons . You are a grown man . Everyone in the store knows they are not for you . All the women in the store think you are a hero . Oh , you are embarrassed , I am sorry , but guess what , you 
is leaving for Agenbroad's . I am tired of BBQs though . I have gone to one every week for the last 3 months straight . 
Love , like rain , can nourish from above , drench couples with a soaking joy . But sometimes , under the angry heat of life , love dries on the surface and must nourish from below , tending to it's roots , keeping itself alive . 
R.I.P. Pandora . :( I will miss you so much ! <3 
For the record < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is the greatest musician/song writer/artist/singer/whatever you kids are calling it these days . 
just hacked himself a demonoid account ! Fuck you with saying registration is closed ! 
Free Slurpees at 7-Eleven stores all across the USA ! July 11th 2009 from 7am - 11pm ! 
You're speaking my language , oh baby ! When you said that you were falling in love . When you swore that you would always be mine , girl , my heart hit the floor . Yeah , that's speaking my language ! 
It's you for me , me for you , you make my dreams come true ! Off the wall I wanna say I gotta be with you now baby ! You're on my mind all the time ! I found a billion dimes , I rolled the dice , and lost them all , but baby I just don't mind , mind , mind , mind 
guesses people don't like it Mindslaver locks or combo decks in EDH . 
Save the planet ? We don't even know how to take care of ourselves ; we haven't learned how to care for one another . We're going to save the fucking planet ? THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH THE PLANET ! THE PLANET IS FINE ! It's the people who are FUCKED ! Compared 
“Te amo ! ” “Ich liebe dich ! ” “I love you ! ” Love , albeit fickle and inexplicable , is a many splendored thing . The inspiration for many a song , many a poem and many a letter , love comes in endless forms . Passionate and a bit wild . Calm and enduri 
<3 <3 < PROPMALE > Wins ! NL sucks ! :) <3 <3 
When you’re a beautiful person on the inside , there is nothing in the world that can change that about you . Jealousy is the result of one’s lack of self-confidence , self-worth , and self-acceptance . The Lesson : If you can’t accept yourself , then cert 
Social Security Number please , Credit card number please , Money please , Money please , Money please , Soul please , Please deposit $85 dollars for the next three minutes please ! 
Yankees Win ! Good start coming off the All-Star break ! 
Isn't it wonderful to be a ... isn't it beautiful to be a ... isn't it wonderful to be alive !? So wonderful ! 
When death calls , I'm good , I got caller I.D. 
Goodnight , California . 
No one is real anymore ; I hate the way they act . 
Stylish eSper Shooting Sports League ! http://www.s4.en.alaplaya.net 
is back in the game ! 
has slept 6 hours in 3 days . I'm almost running on empty ! 
Oreo Cookies + Milk = THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! THE BEST ! 
has had only 6 hours of sleep in 4 days now ! Running on empty and still going and going and going ! 
got to sleep 12 hours ! Finally ! 
is a pro . 
The Family Reunion was the best ever ! Cant wait until next year ! 
just woke up ! 
Image is everything . I wish it wasn't the case , but perception sometimes is reality . That is the world we live in . I don't make the rules , but sometimes I play by them only so I can make change happen . That is how I do things . 
I am not a demon . I am a lizard , a shark , a heat-seeking panther . I want to be < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on acid playing the accordion . 
Defeating you takes less effort than smacking a baby . Not that I'd ever do that ! 
< PROPFEMALE > New Years . Tomorrow will be the most beautiful day of my life . My breakfast will taste better than any meal you have ever tasted . 
If you wake up at a different time , in a different place , could you wake up as a different person ? 
The time is 11:11:11 and it is 1.1.11 
Why is it that every time I come on here I have 10 friend requests of people who say they know me and went to school with me , but I have no clue who they are . Just because I might be friends with one of your friends doesn't mean I am your friend . 
I told her dealer I was broke . He hired a cameraman . We did a porno film for coke . I hear I'm big in Japan . 
In my experience , some of the most successfull relationships are based on lies and deceit . Since , that is where you end up anyway it is a logical place to start . 
Today I hate everything . 
I don't like it when people on the street say '' smile '' or '' cheer up . '' It's a real cheap line . I'm feeling good . I'm feeling real grateful for everything . It's a solid time in my life . When people say I look sad , they're wrong . However , today I hate everything . 
Stuffing envelopes . I could make a million dollars today stuffing envelopes . . . if it weren't a scam . 
Needs to borrow a Vista CD . Don't ask . 
I have found the paradox , that if you love until it hurts , there can be no more hurt , only more love . 
My level of cool is OVER 9000 !!!! 
Is back in the shit hole called < PROPMALE > . 
Mondays suck . 
I've stumbled and picked myself up , and stumbled and picked myself up over and over again with no safety net . 
is living in a world , where lies are a way of survivial ... 
Love is invincible facing danger and death . Passion laughs at the terrors of hell . The fire of love stops at nothing— it sweeps everything before it . Flood waters can't drown love , torrents of rain can't put it out . Love can't be bought , love can't be sold— it's not to be found in the marketplace . 
It's the sweet ones you have to watch out for . They'll run over you like a < PROPMALE > truck . 
We talk like we know what's going on , but we don't . We don't know anything . We're really young and we're gonna screw-up a lot . We're gonna keep changing our minds and even sometimes our hearts . And through all that , the only real thing we can offer each other is forgiveness . 
I don't like it when people on the street say '' smile '' or '' cheer up . '' It's a real cheap line . I'm feeling good . I'm feeling real grateful for everything . It's a solid time in my life . When people say I look sad , they're wrong . However , today I hate everything . 
God will set you free if you are living in a mess . If you are walking with the Lord then you are witnessing the best ! 
If there's just one piece of advice I can give you , it's this : When there's something you really want , fight for it , don't give up no matter how hopeless it seems , and when you've lost hope , ask yourself if 10 years from now , you're gonna wish you gave it just one more shot , because the best things in life , they don't come free . 
Even if you’re on the right track , you’ll get run over if you just sit there . 
I know what love is and it just don't stop , but I can explain it better when I say what love's not . 
There is no match for the silence of God . 
Holding hands , for example , is a way to remember how it feels to say nothing together . 
< PROPFIRST > Steinbrenner is rolling in his grave right now ! NL is a push over . A-Rod didn't even get to play ! Today is a terrible day . I am so mad ! 
There’s an old Nike slogan that said , “Life is short , play hard . ” They should’ve written , “Life can be small , dream big ! ” Life is too short to not really live it to its full potential . 
Today is like every other day , except for the todays that were different . 
Go after a life of love as if your life depended on it , because it does ! 
Anger Management ; The phrase always makes me laugh . Like anger is something you can manage like a bank account or an investment . Set this fury here to grow interest for the next seventy days . Yeah , fuck off . 
Today I've made a < PROPMALE > decision : I am NEVER going to die . Others will die around me . They will be nullified . Nothing of their personality will remain . The light switch will be turned off . Their lives , their entirety , will be marked by glossy marble head stones bearing false summations , and then those too will be lost in a coastal flood or get hacked to pieces by some genetically modified future turkey . 
If you aren't on facebook then you don't exist in any universe . 
I was always shocked when I went to the doctor's office and they did my X-ray and didn't find that I had eight more ribs than I should have or that my blood was the color green . 
Thunder , Thunder , ThunderCats , Ho ! ThunderCats are on the move ThunderCats are loose ! Feel the magic . Hear the roar . ThunderCats are loose . Thunder , Thunder , Thunder , ThunderCats ! Thunder , Thunder , Thunder , ThunderCats ! Thunder , Thunder , Thunder , ThunderCats ! Thunder , Thunder , Thunder , ThunderCats ! ThunderCats ! 
9001 . OVER 9000 ! 
Maybe the whole love thing is just a grown-up version of < PROPFEMALE > Claus . Just a myth we've been fed since childhood , so we keep buying magazines , joining clubs , doing therapy and watching movies with hit pop songs played over love montages all in this pathetic attempt to explain why our Love < PROPFEMALE > keeps getting caught in the chimney . 
Luck has nothing to do with anything . Everything is preordained . Manifest < PROPFEMALE > . You can stop time from happening no more than you can will the oceans to overwhelm the world , or to cause the < PROPFEMALE > to drop from her outer sphere . 
Is Metroid's gun attached to his arm or is it part of his suit ? 
Metroid is a rip off of the black guy on Final Fantasy 7 , because he has a gun arm and Metroid has only been in like 2 games and they are all on the DS . 
ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED : Left the house . 
Number Game : Inbox me a number and I will respond with that number in my \ 
status and a memory or how I feel about you and only you and I will \ 
know that its about you . DO IT !! 
15 . In high school I thought you were one of the most beautiful girls inside and out and even today that still rings true . <3 
19 . I don't know if I ever told you this , but when I hear your voice it reminds me of < PROPFIRST > Potters ( < PROPFEMALE > Homles ) from Dawson's Creek and that always makes me happy . We don't talk like we used to and that makes me sad , but you are the most genuine person I have ever met and I am glad you are one of my best friends . <3 
Anticipation is the purest form of pleasure . And the most reliable . And that while the things that actually happened to you would invariably disappoint you , the things that never happened to you would never dim , never fade . They'd always be engraved on your heart with sort of a sweet sadness to them . 
50 . The coolest aunt ever ! Taco Salads are the bomb , but need LOTS of ranch dressing . :) 
89 . Your coolness level is OVER 9000 ! And you suck at Battletoads . 
919 . I stand up for you when your douchebag boyfriend calls you a bitch/whore/treats you like shit . For some reason you stay with him . I don't think you are making sound choices when it comes to men in your life . It would behoove you to leave him before it gets any worse . 
45 . You are a friend of a friend of a friend . I don't even really know you . I only accepted your friend request , because you kept bugging me even after I denied it a bunch of times . You're annoying . 
Loving his \new\ " laptop . :) " 
910 . You need some counseling . Counseling is not a dirty word . You need to talk and let it all out . If not , it will just sit there . I'm not a counselor , but I'm a listening ear . 
35 . Me : Mind Twist you for 5 . Discard 5 cards at random . \ 
You : What does Mind Twist do ? \ 
Me : * facepalm*\ 
\ 
Me : Mind Shatter you for 5 . Discard 5 cards at random . \ 
You : What does Mind Shatter do ? \ 
Me : * facepalm * 
Wishes the Ducks were in an easier division like the Bruins . 
76,563 . Eventually one of the two things will happen . He’ll finally realize you're worth it or you'll finally realize that he isn't . 
At some point , you have to make a decision . Boundaries don't keep other people out , they fence you in . Life is messy . That's how we're made . So you can waste your life drawing lines , or you can live your life crossing them . 
Don't say you don't have enough time ! You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to < PROPFIRST > Pasteur , Michaelngelo , Da Vinci , and < PROPFIRST > Einstein . 
This is your life and it's ending one minute at a time . 
When people think you're dying , they really , really listen to you , instead of just waiting for their turn to speak . 
Good Bye Windows , Hello Linux . 
Love will inspire you to become a patient person . When you choose to be patient , you respond in a positive way to a negative situation . You are slow to anger . You choose to have a long fuse instead of a quick temper . Rather than being restless and demanding , love helps you settle down and begin extending mercy to those around you . < PROPFEMALE > brings an internal calm during an external storm . 
If there were ever a word that basically means the opposite of love , it is selfishness . Unfortunately it is something that is ingrained into every person from birth . You can see it in the way young children act , and often in the way adults mistreat one another . Almost every sinful action ever committed can be traced back to a selfish motive . It is a trait we hate in other people but justify in ourselves . 
Love thinks . It’s not a mindless feeling that rides on waves of emotion and falls asleep mentally . It keeps busy in thought , knowing that loving thoughts precede loving actions . 
There are two main reasons why people are rude : ignorance and selfishness . Neither , of course , is a good thing . A child is born ignorant of etiquette , needing lots of help and training . Adults , however , display their ignorance at another level . You know the rules , but you can be blind to how you break them or be too self-centered to care . 
Love chooses to believe the best about people . It gives them the benefit of the doubt . It refuses to fill in the unknowns with negative assumptions . And when our worst hopes are proven to be true , love makes every effort to deal with them and move forward . As much as possible , love focuses on the positive . 
Do you struggle with being jealous of others ? Your friend is more popular , so feel hatred towards her . Your coworker gets the promotion , so you can’t sleep that night . He may have nothing wrong , but you became bitter because of his success . It has been said that people are fine with our succeeding , just as long as it is not more than theirs . 
When someone communicates that they are glad to see you , your personal sense of self-worth increases . You feel more important and valued . That’s because a good greeting sets the stage for positive and healthy interaction . Like love , it puts wind in your sails . 
Is thinking about making a Pauper EDH deck . Any idea on what colors ? At the most 2 colors if you suggest multi . Obv , the general won't be Pauper . 
is playing the best deck in Extended right now ! I am 6-0 ( 12-3 ) . 
I have always said that I like children on a case by case basis . Which is true . However , I came to the conclusion on why I don't have children and why I am not a parent nor will I be a parent in the near future . To be a parent you have to love your children more than anything in the world and I cannot do that because I love myself more than anything in the world . 
If you want to be a douche to someone do the following :\ 
1 . Make sure their Cell Phone is linked to Facebook . \ 
2 . \Like\ " everything on their page . \ 
To paint a leaf , you have to sacrifice the whole landscape . It might seem like you're limiting yourself at first , but after a while you realize that having a quarter-of-an-inch of something you have a better < PROPMALE > of holding on to a certain feeling of the universe than if you pretended to be doing the whole sky . 
I was never a man of great ambition . I cried too easily . I didn't have a head for science . Words often failed me . While others prayed I only moved my lips . 
An average of seventy-four species become extinct every day , which was one good reason but no the only one to hold someone's hand . 
I opened my mouth , but nothing came out . It took seven languages to make me ; it would be nice if I could have spoken just one . 
It's 2011 . You would think they would have a toothpaste that doesn't ruin orange juice by now . 
Watching The Notebook . The book is 100% better than the picture though . Still both are great . 
The best love is the kind that awakens the soul and makes us reach for more , that plants a fire in our hearts and brings peace to our minds . 
Firefighters , EMT's , Paramedics , & Law Enforcement Officers of all kinds work the streets ad behind the walls day & night to keep people safe . They are missing their family to care for yours . In 2010 , there were 85 firefighters , 39 EMS and 165 police officers killed in the line of duty . Repost if your a firefighter , EMT , Paramedic , or Law Enforcement Officers , love one , or appreciate one , or just want to thank them ! 
Survival Rule 781 : There are always more scute bugs . 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised !! Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!!! 
Quack ! Quack ! Quack ! Quack ! Quack ! Let's go Ducks ! Keep the winning streak alive ! 
Ducks lost ! :( 
Hot , cold , hot , cold , hot , cold , and now HOT again ! I'm dying here ! 
When you're struggling with something , look at all the people around you and realize that every single person you see is struggling with something , and to them , it's just as hard as what you're going through . 
Tomorrow is < PROPMALE > Cage's 47th birthday and his new picture , \Season of the Witch\ " will be at your local cinema . Be sure to go check it out . It is going to be a great picture ! " 
? ?????, ??? ????????? ????? ???? ??????????? ??? ????? ?????? ??????????? ???? ??? ????. 
Pay it Forward in 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here sometime this year . They must in turn post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . \The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . " 
If it came down to that , I'd protect you in a heartbeat . 
< PROPFIRST > Edwards wife < PROPFEMALE > died and in her will there was no mention of < PROPFIRST > in it . Everything she owned went to her children . That is what he gets . 
I don’t regret anything , because it’s life’s little twists , turns , bumps , and bruises that make you who you are . Why would I regret that ? 
A long , long time ago , somewhere around 1998 , a plague swept over < PROPFEMALE > . Originating from the land of tentacles , this plague , known as Pokemanz , raped the minds of every child . 
Cant sleep . Sick . Going on YouTube to see if I can be hypnotized . 
Find a person who loves you for exactly who you are ; good mood , bad mood , ugly , pretty , handsome . The right person is still going to think that the sun shines out of your ass . That is the kind of person worth sticking with . 
Social Security Number please , credit card number please . Money please , money please , money please , soul please . Please deposit 85 dollars for the next three minutes , please ! <3 
1:43 ; I L-L-L-Love you ! 
Love , my understanding is more than three words mumbled before bedtime . <3 
HERE COMES A NEW CHALLENGER ! 
What should I have for dinner ? Suggestions , please . 
I AM BORED ! 
Roses are #FF0000 \ 
Violets are #0000FF \ 
All my base are belong to you . 
Is there such a thing of having to much video game knowledge ? 
The fidelity bank and trust is a tough creditor . You make a deposit somewhere else , they close your account - FOREVER . 
My laptop is a speedster now ! 
When faced with two choices , simply toss a coin . It works not because it settles the question for you , but because in that brief moment when the coin is in the air , you suddenly know what you are hoping for . 
Keeping track of nuclear arsenals , you would think that be more critical to world security . But it's not . No , nine out of ten war victims today are killed with assault rifles and small arms . Those nuclear weapons sit in their silos . Your AK-47 , that's the real weapon of mass destruction . 
so i herd u liek mudkipz 
This is a great troll ! http://www.i-am-bored.com/bored_link.cfm?link_id=55823 
Did you know < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s secetary was named Kennedy and < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy's secretary was named , < PROPMALE > ? 
My Dad makes me LOL . \They took out < PROPMALE > and they took out Beaver ! They replaced it with Cup Cake Wars ! Last time I stayed up watching Beaver until 2:30 in the morning and I had to get up for work at 3:30 . TV just lost a customer ! \"" 
I think the character < PROPFEMALE > in Twilight should have been a < PROPFEMALE > , because then no one would care if she wanted to be a vampire - she wouldn't have a soul anyways . 
I want to say somewhere : I've tried to be forgiving . And yet . There were times in my life , whole years , when anger got the better of me . Ugliness turned me inside out . There was a certain satisfaction in bitterness . I courted it . It was standing outside , and I invited it in . 
You know that if you ever defend yourself against a woman fatally attacking you in public , you'll soon have to fend off 20 men coming to her rescue . 
For her I changed pebbles into diamonds , shoes into mirrors , I changed glass into water , I gave her wings and pulled birds from her ears and in her pockets she found the feathers , I asked a pear to become a pineapple , a pineapple to become a lightbulb , a lightbulb to become the < PROPFEMALE > , and the < PROPFEMALE > to become a coin I flipped for her love , both sides were heads : I knew I couldn't lose . 
SEASON OF THE WITCH IS THE GREATEST PICTURE EVER ! \ 
Then again I am 100% bias when it comes to anything < PROPMALE > Cage . 
Because life , much like a French movie , rarely makes any sense , but when its right , its right , and you don't question it , you don't think , you don't ponder , you just exist . 
Shit was SO cash ! 
I cant sleep . :( What other losers are on at this time ? 
To everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons made Oprah fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose to utilize !!! If you agree then re-post ! 
Life is full of choices , if you have the guts to go for it . That's why I get immediately bored with anyone's complaining about how boring their life is , or how bad their town is . Fucking leave and go somewhere else . Or don't . 
She was gone , and all that was left was the space I'd grown around her , like a tree that grows around a fence . For a long time , it remained hollow . Years , maybe . And when at last it was filled again , I knew that the new love I felt for a woman would have been impossible without her . If it weren't for her , there would never have been an empty space , or the need to fill it . 
How was it possible to wake up every day and be recognizable to another when so often one was barely recognizable to oneself ? 
All my life I have arrived early only to find myself standing self-consciously on a corner , outside a door , in an empty room , but the closer I get to death the earlier I arrive , the longer I am content to wait , perhaps to give myself the false sensation that there is too much time rather than not enough . 
Since the earliest life on earth , there have been somewhere between five and fifty billion species , only five to fifty million of which are alive today . So , ninety-nine percent of all species that have ever lived on earth are extinct . 
What I did today :\ 
1 . Feed my horses . \ 
2 . Go to a party . \ 
3 . Watch TV . 
PB&J + Milk = AMAZING !!!!!! <3 
Patriots just gave away the game with that terrible onside kick . 
This is how the WORLD works : You look out for yourself and ONLY yourself . If someone gets in your way you run them OVER ! 
I was thinking . Some schools have Women Studies , but no Men Studies . I thought that was pretty sexist . But then I realized we do have Men Studies . It's called History . So it's all okay . 
It's a sad reflection on our society that something as basic as drinking water is now a bottled , branded consumer product . 
Seen \The Green Bee\ " today at the Cinema . It was actually pretty good . I felt ripped off by the previews though . They were all ones I had aleady seen . " 
How long has it been and how long will I wait for your presence ? How still is my heart ? How far away am I from your presence ? But Lord I long , yes I hunger , I am thirsty for your presence . Even just a drop in a dry and weary land I will wait for your presence ! 
It's a beautiful day ! Go play outside ! <3 
The saddest people I've ever met in life are the ones who don't care deeply about anything at all . Passion and satisfaction go hand in hand , and without them , any happiness is only temporary , because there's nothing to make it last . 
Jehovah made this whole joint for you , so isn't it wonder , isn't it beautiful to be alive !? Fuck yeah , it's so wonderful I feel like dying smiling . <3 
If your name was sleep , I would be doing you in bed right now . 
Maybe the whole love thing is just a grown-up version of < PROPFEMALE > Claus , just a myth we've been fed since childhood , so we keep buying magazines and joining clubs and doing therapy and watching movies with hit pop songs played over love montages all in this pathetic attempt to explain why our Love < PROPFEMALE > keeps getting caught in the chimney . 
Write down on paper the goal that is in your heart . If you don't have a destination , you won't know when you are slipping away from where you want to be . 
WTH ! I am watching Cash Cab on Discovery Channel and this stupid girl on the show in the backseat wont keep her legs shut when she is wearing a dress ! 
Hello . My name is Inigo Montoya . You killed my father . Prepare to die . 
I'm going to smile , because it's easier than explaining why I'm sad . 
And if the man who once upon a time had been a boy who promised he'd never fall in love with another girl as long as he lived kept his promise , it wasn't because he was stubborn or even loyal . He couldn't help it . 
There is nothing like a New Radicals song to make me the happiest and saddest right now that I've ever been . Because nothing makes me happier and nothing makes me sadder than you . <3 
I GET KNOCKED DOWN BUT I GET UP AGAIN ! YOU'RE NEVER GONNA KEEP ME DOWN ! 
I wish you would step back from that ledge , my friend you could cut ties with all the lies , that you've been living in and if you do not want to see me again I would understand , I would understand ! 
That I would be good even if I did nothing . That I would be good even if I got the thumbs down ! 
Adia , I do believe I failed you . Adia , I know I let you down . Don't you know I tried so hard to love you in my way . It's easy , let it go ! Adia , I'm empty since you left me . Trying to find a way to < PROPFEMALE > on . I search myself and everyone to see where we went wrong , ' cause there's no one left to finger . There's no one here to blame . 
Did you see the sky I think it means that we've been lost . Maybe one less time is all we need . I can't really help it if my tongue's all tied in knots . Jumping off a bridge , it's just the farthest that I've ever been . Anywhere you go , I'll follow you down . Anyplace but those I know by heart . Anywhere you go , I'll follow you down . I'll follow you down , but not that far ! 
I'm all out of faith . This is how I feel . I'm cold and I am shamed lying naked on the floor . Illusion never changed into something real . I'm wide awake and I can see the perfect sky is torn . You're a little late , I'm already torn . 
I'll be your crying shoulder , I'll be love's suicide . I'll be better when I'm older . I'll be the greatest fan of your life ! 
But I miss you when you're gone . That is what I do , bay , bay , bay . And it's goin ' to < PROPFEMALE > on . That is what I do , bay , bay , bay . Hold on to my hands I feel I'm sinking , sinking without you . And to my mind , every thing's stinking . Stinking without you ! 
' Cause she's so high ... High above me , she's so lovely . She's so high ... Like < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > of Arc , or Aphrodite . She's so high ... High above me . First class and fancy free . She's high society . She's got the best of everything . What could a guy like me . Ever really offer ? She's perfect as she can be . Why should I even bother ? 
Runaway train never going back . Wrong way on a one way track . Seems like I should be getting somewhere . Somehow I'm neither here no there . Can you help me remember how to smile . Make it somehow all seem worthwhile . How on earth did I get so jaded . Life's mystery seems so faded . I can go where no one else can go . I know what no one else knows . Here I am just drownin ' in the rain . With a ticket for a runaway train 
She wanted to be a nun until that fateful day we met . I beat the crucifix in a game of Russian roulette . I burned my Beatles records , because she hated number nine . She licked rock cocaine suckers , laughed said her mom's doing mine . Well ... are you an illusion or am I just getting stoned , because I can't take it alone . I can't take it alone . I hope I didn't just give away the ending ! 
Can I Graduate ! Can I look into the faces that I meet , can I get my punk-ass off the street . I've been living on for so long , can I Graduate !? To the bastard talking down to me , your whipping boy calamity , cross your fingers , I'm going to knock it all down , Can I Graduate !? 
If it weren't for your maturity none of this would have happened . If you weren't so wise beyond your years I would've been able to control myself . If it weren't for my attention you wouldn't have been successful and . If it weren't for me you would never have amounted to very much . Ooh this could be messy . But you don't seem to mind . Ooh don't go telling everybody and overlook this supposed crime . 
If your name was sleep , I would be doing you in bed right now ! <3 
Image is everything . I wish it wasn't the case , but perception is reality . That is the world we live in . I don't make the rules , but sometimes I play by them only so I can make change happen . That is how I do things . 
How many of us really know all of the people on our FB friends list ? Here's a task for YOU , I want ALL of my FB friends to comment on this status of how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can comment on you too ! You'll be amazed what people say ! 
Please understand that no matter what you do , or who I find , you-she-none of you-will ever be able to win over the memories I have of her ! Memories that sooth me even while they make me sad , because I've built a world out of them that I know how to survive on even if no one else can . I'm going to smile today , because it's easier than explaining why I'm sad . 
The cow goes moo , the sheep goes baaa , the duck goes quack , and I go Zzzzzzzzz . 
Apparently , < PROPFIRST > Twain’s “Huckleberry Finn” is going to be reprinted with the N-word being removed . All 200+ instances of it . Whaaaa ? 
Want to do something for your women on < PROPFIRST>'s Day ? Examine yourself for testicular cancer . It's easily treated if detected early . This < PROPFIRST>'s Day , why give a < PROPFEMALE > when you can give the family jewels ? 
Next time someone looks deeply into your eyes and says ' I love you ' , look very deeply right back and say , ' Would that be pizza love , or the real thing ? ' 
I watched the first 10 minutes of the Packers/Bears game and knew it was already over and that the Packers are going to win . Because the Bears couldn't even get past the 1 yard line when they had the ball . 
Turn 2 : Skithiryx ; Turn 3 : WIN by Poison . 
Turn 2 : Persecute ; Blue ; Discard whole hand ; WIN ! 
Turn 1 : Crucible of Worlds ; Turn 2 : Strip Mine ; WIN ! 
I love it when people rage quit when playing Magic online . 
Waking up in the middle of the night and not being able to go back to sleep SUCKS ! 
HAHAHA ! Playing Magic online and this person joins my game and before it even starts he says , \You know people who play EDH are noob ? Poison Asshole ! \ " He must have been the guy who raged quit yesterday . " 
My father was always getting excited about something . It's genetically inside me somewhere . 
God's < PROPFEMALE > is on tour in the skies , God-craft on exhibit across the horizon . Madame Day holds classes every morning . Professor Night lectures each evening . Their words aren't heard , their voices aren't recorded , but their silence fills the earth : unspoken truth is spoken everywhere . 
If I have the gift of prophecy , and know all mysteries and all knowledge ; and if I have all faith , so as to remove mountains , but do not have love , I am nothing . 
It is difficult to demonstrate love when you feel little to no motivation . But love in its truest sense is not based on feelings . Rather , love determines to show thoughtful actions even when there seems to be no reward . You will never learn to love until you learn to demonstrate kindness . 
My heart is troubled and does not rest ; days of affliction come to meet me . 
Dear God , \ 
I'm taking the time to write you this letter and I hope that you get it . Because I need some help from you . \ 
Love , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
The world says to follow your heart , but if you are not leading it , then someone or something else is . The Bible says that “the heart is more deceitful than all else” ( < PROPMALE > 17:9 ) , and it will always pursue that which feels right at the moment . 
Christ Supreme , all that means is : Christ Rules Everything Around Me : C.R.E.A.M. ! 
I was just playing some Magic online and this guy calls me a nigger faggot just before he rage quits because I nuked his whole bored with Kiki-Jiki , Acidic Slime , and recurring Artifact Mutation . It is not my fault he plays a bad general ( Karn ) . My dad laughed when I told him that and said I should have said , \Well this nigga just whooped your ass . \"" 
If you are unaware of where someone's heart is , I think you have to look at their love for you much like you would a tightly closed flower bud ... you can't force it to bloom . All you can do is tenderly care for it and patiently wait to see what it becomes . Don't worry about the future just do the best you can to love them each day and see what happens . 
C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER ! 
ShamWow should make tampons , the reason is because you would never have to buy more tampons . Just buy one and reuse . Just throw it in the washer ..... then BAM ! You can use it over and over . 
How can the world end in 2012 if I have canned peaches that expire in 2013 ? 
If I ever have kids , God forbid , when they get in fights I will just sit back and watch until one is completely owning the other then jump in and yell , \FINISH HIM/HER !!! \"" 
< PROPFIRST > the Great always wore red so that his men would never see him bleed . \ 
Hitler wore brown pants . 
To anyone who read this : Good morning . You are a wonderful person . I hope you have a great day . <3 
Me : >:3 is a lion by the way . \ 
Mom : huh what is the 3 for\ 
Me : The mouth ... 
Receive this as a warning . I'm a little insensitive at times , but that's only because I say what's on my mind . That is just the type of person that I am . Have a great day . 
Long day , just got home . 
If conversation was the lyrics , laughter was the music , making time spent together a < PROPFEMALE > that could be replayed over and over without getting stale . 
d/dx[f(x ) + g(x )] = f'(x ) + g'(x)\ 
Yo Dawg ! I herd you like functions so we put a function in yo function so you can derive while you derive ! 
If you are on FB right now , you owe a great deal of your life , if not a GREAT majority of it to one of the greatest men alive ; < PROPMALE > Berners-Lee . 
Dear Taco Bell , \ 
Learn to hire people who aren't complete fucking idiots . \ 
Thank You , \ 
Groundhog Day ! 
Yo Dawg , we herd you liek Groundhog Day . So , we are playing Groundhog Day on Groundhog Day , so you can watch Groundhog Day on Groundhog Day . 
It is 10pm . It feels like 3am ! 
Mimic Vat + Hexmage = Pretty good against Planeswalkers . 
Please , some one pick me up and take me to Krier's . I don't want to be home . 
Bored , Bored , Bored , Bored , Bored ... 
Mono Black Control in Standard is really fun . 
Apparently everyone in Manteca has Bank of < PROPFEMALE > . 
What do you call 60 grown men watching the Super Bowl ? The Chicago Bears . 
Dear Women At Wal-Mart with OVER 9000 screaming kids , \ 
Those Trojans are not in your shopping cart by mistake . \ 
You're Welcome , \ 
I was right AGAIN . I ALWAYS AM ! I told everyone The Packers would win , and look what happened . I know EVERYTHING , but no one wants to believe me . \ 
Rule #1 : < PROPFIRST > is always right . \ 
Rule #2 : If < PROPFIRST > is wrong , see Rule #1 . 
The only way love can last a lifetime is if it’s unconditional . The truth is this : love is not determined by the one being loved but rather by the one choosing to love . 
I was asked to contribute money to help solve the civil unrest in Egypt , but I suspect it's some sort of pyramid scheme . 
If every world leader were to get AIDS a cure would be found in two days . 
I hate it when I flex my biceps and my sleeves rip off . 
I run away when I press a toy at a store and it wont stop making noises . 
My parents are the luckiest people in the world for having such a amazing child like myself . 
When NASA first started sending up astronauts , they quickly discovered that ballpoint pens would not work in zero gravity . To combat the problem , NASA scientists spent a decade and $12 billion to develop a pen that writes in zero gravity , upside down , underwater , on almost any surface including glass and at temperatures ranging from below freezing to 300°C . The Russians used a pencil . 
Don't flatter yourself , I sent a friend request not a marriage proposal . 
Public Service Announcement : If you want your child to be born on 11/11/11 then you should probably make sure you have conceived by Monday . It is about 9 months away . Just saying . 
Imagine if you changed your facebook name to '' No One . '' No One liked your picture . No One liked your status . No One commented on your status . No One commented on your picture . No One wants to be your friend . 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status ! ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????? 
Facebook is like a fridge , you look because you hope to find something decent , then you leave only to come back and try again . 
Dear Bed , I'm sorry I left you this morning , take me back ? :( 
I wouldn't have a problem writing your research paper for you if you would have told me sooner . You ask me like 5 minutes before I go to sleep . Four pages is easy . If you really don't want to do it I sent you a website with free essays . Copy paragraphs from each one on your topic , quote stuff from a random website and Wikipedia , and turn it in . No one will know the difference . You're in HS anyway . You will get an A . 
If only life came with a ?? REW ? PLAY ?? PAUSE ?? STOP ?? FF 
I love ducks . They're so chill , they're just like , I'm a duck and I just quack randomly , and chill in some pond with other ducks . I sometimes go to someones house for some bread because I'm a duck and that's what I like to eat . 
Dear FB , \ 
You guys are idiots . What the hell did you do to the photos when people go to view them . This looks stupid ! \ 
I hate you , \ 
Don't be racist , be like < PROPFIRST > . He's all like '' Heeyy Ima < PROPFIRST > ! The Italian Plumber , created by the Japanese , who speaks English and looks like a Mexican!'' 
Lord , Give me your eyes for just one second . Give me your eyes so I can see everything that I keep missing . Give me your arms for the broken-hearted , the ones that are far beyond my reach . Give me your heart for the once forgotten . Give me your eyes so I can see . 
Eating food cookie monster style ... OM NOM NOM :v 
I did not know that Lathrop had a night club . Who would have thought ! Not that I would go there , because I don't go to clubs , but I guess that is good to know ? 
When I'm bored I curl up on the floor and pretend I'm a potato . 
To my brother : I know you didn't call me at 5am ... 
If I go crazy then will you still call me Superman ? If I'm alive and well , will you be there holding my hand ? I'll keep you by my side with my superhuman might . 
The money I painted with crayons is worth more than the dollar at the moment . 
Sometimes I wonder why I even have a facebook account . 1+1 = 2 
Love never gives up . 
Don't tell your problems to people : 80% don't care ; and the other 20% are glad you have them . 
One , two , three , four ... 
Dah dah , de de , do do ... 
I hate those moments right before you go to sleep where you are forced to think about all the things you try so hard to forget . 
Wasn't it easier in your lunch box days ? Always a bigger bed , to crawl into ? Wasn't it beautiful when you believed in everything , and everybody believed in you ? 
I think the only reason people hold onto memories so tight is because memories are the only thing that don't change ; when everybody else does ... :\\ 
Sometimes I wonder how or what I look like from someone ele's eyes . 
Anger Management ; The phrase always makes me laugh . Like anger is something you can manage like a bank account or an investment . Set this fury here to grow interest for the next seventy days . Yeah , fuck off ! 
Life , I've learned , is never fair . If they teach anything in schools , that should be it . 
Don’t let the culture around you determine the worth of your marriage . To compare it with something that can be discarded or replaced is to dishonor God’s purpose for it . That would be like amputating a limb . Instead , it should be a picture of love between two imperfect people who choose to love each other regardless . 
Do you feel like giving up on your marriage ? Jesus said to pray instead of quitting ( < PROPMALE > 18:1 ) . Are you stressed out and worried ? Prayer can bring peace to your storms ( Philippians 4:6 -7 ) . Do you need a < PROPMALE > breakthrough ? Prayer can make the difference ( Acts 12:1 -7 ) . 
Today I've made a < PROPMALE > decision : I am NEVER going to die . Others will die around me . They will be nullified . Nothing of their personality will remain . The light switch will be turned off . Their lives , their entirety , will be marked by glossy marble head stones bearing false summations , and then those too will be lost in a coastal flood or get hacked to pieces by some genetically modified future turkey . 
I'm as bored as a midget in a Theme Park . 
Sometimes when life shuts a door , it opens a window . So jump ! 
Making people rage quit when playing Magic online is a win . 
Tomorrow \Drive Angry 3D\ " will be at your local Cinema . Make sure you go see it ! " 
Out of my WAY ! I'm on a POWER trip ! 
Shorty is a eenie , meenie , miney , mo , lova ! 
In your head , in your head , zombie , zombie , zombie , hey , hey , hey . What's in your heaad ? in your head , zombie , zombie , zombie ? Hey , hey , hey , hey , oh , dou , dou , dou , dou , dou ... 
New Kids On The Block , had a bunch of hits . Chinese food makes me sick . And I think it's fly when girls stop by for the summer , for the summer . I like girls that wear Abercrombie and Fitch , I'd take her if I had one wish , but she's been gone since that summer ... since that summer . 
Chickity < PROPFEMALE > the Chinese chicken . You have a drumstick and your brain stops tickin ' Watchin ' X-Files with no lights on . We're dans la maison . I hope the smoking Man's in this one like < PROPMALE > Ford I'm getting frantic , like Sting I'm tantric , like Snickers , guaranteed to satisfy ! 
If you are reading this ; go to bed ! 
Shooby doo-wap and scooby snacks ! 
Things aren’t the way they were before . You wouldn’t even recognize me anymore . Not that you knew me back then . 
You were born too soon . You will never explore the galaxy . 
PINSIR'S IN THE MOTHERFUCKER SO PREPARE FOR THE FLOW\ 
IM A GIANT FUCKING BEETLE , GET YOUR MASTERBALLS , HOE\ 
MY GUILLOTINE ATTACK IS A ONE HIT K . O\ 
IF IM SIPPIN ON A SUPER POTION THIS ATTACK MAY MISS\ 
BUT I COME BACK WITH A VICEGRIP CAUSE YOU CANT FUCK WITH THIS 
IM RAYQUAZA MOTHER FUCKERS , \ 
IM THE < PROPMALE > OF THE < PROPMALE > S\ 
DONT FUCKEN TRY YO MOVES\ 
LIKES DOUBLE SLAP OR SING\ 
COZ ILL DROP DOWN FROM THE SKY\ 
AND CALM DOWN YO SHIT\ 
THEN FUCKEN TEAR YOU IN HALF\ 
WITH MY TAIL LIKE A WHIP\ 
I HATE YO WEAK ASS CUNTS ALL PATHETIC AND WHINEY\ 
THINK I LOOK COOL NOW WAIT TIL YOU SEE ME IN SHINEY !!!! 
YO MY NAME IS AMPHAROS AND I'M HERE TO SAY\ 
THAT ALL THE OTHER POKEMON ARE FUCKING LAME\ 
CHECK OUT THIS LIGHT BULB ON MY TAIL\ 
IT'S REDDER THAN YOUR BLOOD WHEN YOUR WONDER GUARD FAILED\ 
MY THUNDEROUS ATTACKS LEAVE YOU PARALYZED IN FEAR\ 
AND MY MOTHERFUCKING STRIPES MAKE THE AUDIENCE CHEER 
OH SHIT WHO'S THAT FLY ASS NIGGA STEPPIN ON THE SCENE ? \ 
PRIMEAPE , SO HIDE UR ASS BEFORE I GET MEAN\ 
MY DYNAMIC PUNCH MAY TAKE TWO TRIES\ 
PUT WHEN I PULL IT OFF , YOU GONNA FUCKING DIE\ 
FIRE , ICE , THUNDER , MACH AND BULLET PUNCH TOO\ 
FUCK UR BARRIER IMA BRICK BREAK RIGHT THROUGH 
Apparently Pokemon raps don't sit well with some people . -2 Friends . LOL ! 
I’ve always liked the feeling of traveling light ; there is something in me that wants to feel I could leave wherever I am , at any time , without any effort . The idea of being weighed down made me uneasy , as if I lived on the surface of a frozen lake and each new trapping of domestic life - a pot , a chair , a lamp - threatened to be the thing that sent me through the ice . 
In certain extreme situations , the law is inadequate . In order to shame its inadequacy , it is necessary to act outside the law . To pursue natural justice . This is not vengeance . Revenge is not a valid motive , it's an emotional response . No , not vengeance . Punishment . 
I believe that all of the mysteries of the Universe , all of life's questions , can be found in a < PROPMALE > Cage picture . It's a theory I've been working on . See , whenever I have a problem all I have to do is look to the right < PROPMALE > Cage film and the answers revealed . 
I have as much authority as the Pope , I just don't have as many people who believe it . 
Watching < PROPMALE > play EDH ... 
Why waste years of your life learning painful lessons when you could discover those same truths during a few hours of wise counsel ? Why not cross the bridges others have built ? Wisdom is more valuable than gold . Not receiving it is like letting priceless coins pass through your fingers . 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen 47 , is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor THEM by re-posting this status . 
Freaking out ... 
I watched The Notebook , don't laugh . I don't normally watch chick flicks , and I don't even know if that classifieds as one . But you ever watch a picture and just think that is the way things should be ? Someone puts themselves out there for someone or something and they either get it or they don't ? But I suppose love is worth it . 
Just remember I love you all . 
So the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right , under the First\ 
Amendment , to protest military funerals ... I invite you to start your protest in my front yard , then we can see if your First Amendment is better than my Second Amendment ... Repost if you feel the same . 
Dear White People , \ 
Don't you just hate immigrants ? \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Native Americans 
Wake up in the morning feeling like < PROPFIRST > Sheen , I grab some coke and call some hookers , I'm about to hit the scene , before I leave I grab my pipe and I smoke some crack , call me The Terminator bitches because I'll be back . They canceled two and a half men , men , but all I do is win , win . You all love to watch me sin , sin , I'm never going back to rehab , I'd rather make news and be bad , look at all the fun I have ... 
I'll smile tomorrow , because today I hate everything . 
I'm glad that I'm not human , but I hate the fact that someone put kryptonite in my drink . 
Whoa , < PROPFEMALE > is the color of your energy ... 
If you could only see how blue her eyes can be when she says , when she says she loves me ... 
This whole damn world can fall apart . You'll be okay follow your heart . You're in harms way !? I'm right behind . Now say you're mine ! 
She's lump , she's lump , she's in my head ! She's lump , she's lump , she's lump , she might be dead ! 
I know it's up for me , if you steal my sunshine ! Making sure I'm not in too deep , if you steal my sunshine ! Keeping versed and on my feet , if you steal my sunshine ! 
I wanna wake up where you are ! I won't say anything at all ! So why don't you slide ! 
Your clothes never wear as well the next day . And your hair never falls in quite the same way . You never seem to run out of things to say ! 
Round here she's always on my mind . Round here hey man got lots of time . Round here we're never sent to bed early and nobody makes us wait . Round here we stay up very , very , very , very late oh . I can't see nothing ... nothing round here . 
Let the bodies hit the floor ! Let the bodies hit the floor ! Let the bodies hit the floor ! Now ! 
Can you take me Higher ? To a place where blind men see Can you take me Higher ? To a place with < PROPFEMALE > streets ... 
I wish you would step back from that ledge , my friend . You could cut ties with all the lies , that you've been living in . And if you do not want to see me again . I would understand , I would understand ... 
Can we forget about the things I said when I was drunk . I didn't mean to call you that . I can't remember what was said or what you threw at me . Please tell me , please tell me why my car is in the front yard , and I'm Sleeping with my clothes on . Came in through the window last night and your gone . Gone ! 
Shooby doo-wap and scooby snacks ... 
I was tired of hearing about Japan before mother nature took a shit on it . I know there is something more important going on in the world than Japan . However , the news refuses to show it . 
?? ????? ????????, ????? ?????? ???? ?? ?????! 
Did you ever think that maybe the whole love thing is just a grown-up version of < PROPFEMALE > Claus ? Just a myth we've been fed since childhood , so we keep buying magazines , joining clubs , doing therapy and watching pictures with hit pop songs played over love montages all in this pathetic attempt to explain why our love < PROPFEMALE > keeps getting caught in the chimney ? 
My talents outshine those of the ordinary mortals . 
Greetings from Afghanistan , Send more ammo . 
You're going to come across people in your life who will say all the right words at all the right times . But in the end , it's always their actions you should judge them by . It's actions , not words , that matter . 
< PROPFEMALE > was terrible ! < PROPMALE > Cobain would have killed himself tonight if he never did in 1994 . :( 
Sometimes the most ordinary things could be made extraordinary , simply by doing them with the right people . I'm off to the bay area for the day ! 
FUCK YOU WIGGLYTUFF ! I HAVE BEEN ASLEEP FOR 7 TURNS IN A ROW NOW AND THAT IS ALL THE DAMN POKEMON DOES ! 
I've been making some changes in my life . If you don't hear from me then you are one of them . I think it happens to everyone as they grow up . You find out who you are and what you want , and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do . And so you keep the wonderful memories , but find yourself moving on . 
Yesterday was Sunday , today it is Monday , tomorrow is Tuesday , and Wednesday comes afterwards ! 
There are over 550 million firearms in worldwide circulation . That’s one firearm for every twelve people on the planet . The only question is : How do we arm the other 11 ? 
I bought a ticket to the end of the rainbow\ 
I watched the stars crash in the sea\ 
If I could ask God just one question\ 
Why aren't you here with me tonight ? 
I don't like it when people on the street say '' smile '' or '' cheer up . '' It's a real cheap line . I'm feeling good . I'm feeling real grateful for everything . It's a solid time in my life . When people say I look sad , they're wrong . 
For those who are interested : Demonoid has open registration right now . 
In your wildest dreams , I will always play the hero . In your darkest hour of night , I will rescue you , I will save your life . 
Couldn't fall asleep until WAY late last night . Then when I finally do fall asleep had a terrible nightmare that woke me up literally gasping for air with my heart jumping out of my chest and I couldn't fall back asleep . 
This is my life and it's ending one minute at a time . I'm sick of it ! Starting today , life is my new video game . I'm making serious changes in my life . If you don't hear from me then you are one of them ! I guess it comes down to a simple choice , really . Get busy living or get busy dying . When I wake up it will be the most beautiful day of my life . My breakfast will taste better than any meal you have ever tasted ! 
People change . People die . They move away and they grow up . Everything changes eventually . 
Is thankful for the yellow sun that gives me my powers . 
My father was always getting excited about something . It's genetically inside me somewhere . I wish I knew where though . :( 
Only 25 more days ! 
When your education X-Ray\ 
Cannot see under my skin\ 
I won't tell you a damn thing\ 
That I could not tell my friends\ 
Roaming through this darkness\ 
I'm alive but I'm alone\ 
Part of me is fighting this\ 
But part of me is gone 
The best < PROPFEMALE > from which to approach any problem is the try- < PROPFEMALE > . 
You called me strong , you called me weak , but your secrets I will keep . You took for granted all the times I never let you down . You stumbled in and bumped your head , if not for me then you would be dead . I picked you up and put you back on solid ground . If I go crazy then will you still call me Superman ? If I'm alive and well will you be there holding my hand ? I'll keep you by my side with my superhuman might ! 
The normal boobs ( . )( . ) , the silicone boobs ( + )( + ) , the perfect boobs ( o)(o ) . Some boobs are cold (^) (^) , and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\./\\./ And let’s not forget the very large boobs ( o Y o ) , and very small boobs (.) (.) , and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•) (.) . We love them all !. Post this message on your wall and say ??? (?_?) ??? to breast cancer . Save the boobies !!! ? ? 
LOL ! Giants LOST ! 
I just watched \Mobbed\ " on Fox and the show was pretty bad ass ! " 
Bilious and bloated , they gas , \God is gone . \ " \ 
Signed up for the Peace Corps ! I leave at the end of the month to help with relief efforts in Japan . I will be back in 27 months ! 
I am no longer trying to survive ! I believe that life is a prize , but to live doesn't mean you're alive ! 
Not feeling to well . Goodnight . 
Quack ! Let's go Ducks ! 
Dinner : Salmon Burger ! :D You jealous !? 
Did you ever feel like you had so much to say but couldn't say anything ? 
is a diabolical super genius . 
? · . ·´ ? `· . · ? < PROPMALE > Cobain , You are dearly missed ! ? · . ·´ ? `· . · ? \ 
???????????????????????????????????????????? \ 
? · . ·´ ? `· . · ? ( February 20 , 1967 – April 5 , 1994 ) ? · . ·´ ? `· . · ? 
Nintendo and Sony are connected with commercial sexual exploitation of children . 
It finally is feeling like I am taking control over one little aspect of my life and hopefully everything else will follow and I'll start to feel a little better . 
4 out of 5 voices in my head say go back to sleep . 
Lathrop , Turlock , Lathrop , < PROPFIRST > , Ceres , Turlock , Lathrop . My day in a nut shell . 
I'd never lie to you . Unless I had to I'll do what I got to . Unless I had to I'll do what I got to , the truth is you could slit my throat and with my one last gasping breath I'd apologize for bleeding on your shirt ! 
I am sleeping , you are viewing my facebook status . Somehow I'm not jealous . 
Dear People of the World , \ 
I don't mean to sound slutty , but please use me whenever you want . \ 
Grammar 
It's time for me to hit the shack , tomorrow's when I will be back , sweet dreams for now I've got to sleep , so I can go and count my sheep ! 
is watching The Island of Dr. Moreau . 
is remembering the days when blackberry and apple were just fruit . 
wishes he was able to read minds , but constantly hearing about how sexy and great he is would probably get old . 
I'm watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Improv-A-Ganza and it is awesome ! 
How many times is it appropriate to say \What ? \ " before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear what someone said ? " 
LAD > SF 
Facebook should change it from ' friends ' to ' people I've made eye contact with . \ " , 2011-04-12 06:23:52 " 
used to have an open mind but his brains kept falling out . 
wants to make a jigsaw puzzle that’s 40,000 pieces . And when you finish it , it says ‘go outside . ’ 
There's no master plan ! I'm just going be me and hope it all works out ! 
My internet went down yesterday . I think my neighbor forgot to pay the < PROPMALE > . How irresponsible ... 
I sleep with a nightlight , not because I'm afraid of the dark , but the dark is afraid of me . 
The best part of waking up , is not Folgers in your cup , but knowing that I didn't kill you in your sleep . 
Google Maps really needs to start their directions on #5 . Pretty sure I know how to get out of my neighborhood . 
I'm off to dream of a better world , where chickens can cross the road and not have their motives questioned ! 
Just had a fight with my alarm clock . It wanted me to wake up , I disagreed . Things got violent . Now the alarm clock is broken and I'm wide awake . Not sure who won . 
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score . 
Goodbye , < PROPFIRST > McDonald . Better luck next year on American Idol . 
Your time is limited , don’t waste it living someone else’s life . Don’t be trapped by dogma , which is living the result of other people’s thinking . Don’t let the noise of other’s opinion drowned your own inner voice . And most important , have the courage to follow your heart and intuition , they somehow already know what you truly want to become . Everything else is secondary . 
I am always confused when people ask me did you sleep good ? I always wonder if they want me to say no , I made a few mistakes . 
The best years of your life are the ones in which you decide your problems are your own . You do not blame them on your mother , the ecology , or the president . You realize that you control your own < PROPFEMALE > . 
I LOL so hard when people \unfriend\ " me . " 
I got nothing tonight , sweet dreams . 
I just read last year 4,153,237 people got married . I don’t want to start any trouble , but shouldn’t that be an even number ? 
Q : How many bears would Bear Grylls grill , if Bear Grylls could grill bears ? \ 
A : As many bears as Bear Grylls’ grill can bear . :D 
Q : How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb ? \ 
A : It’s a really obscure number , you probably haven’t heard of it . 
The condom is the glass slipper of our generation . You slip it on , you dance the night away with a stranger , and then you throw it away - the condom that is , not the stranger . 
I want to have 3 kids and name them Ctrl , Alt and Delete . Then if they mess up I will just hit them all at once . 
It would be pretty messed up if the cure for cancer was in those end-slices of bread . 
I’m a humble person , really . I’m actually much greater than I think I am . 
Son , when I was your age , our video game controllers were hard wired to the console . And < PROPFIRST > had to walk uphill both ways to the castle . 
I’m probably 0 for 400 in looking for safes behind wall paintings . 
The good old days were when inflation was something you did to a balloon . 
Hard work never killed anybody , but it does keep you off Facebook . 
When I watch MTV Cribs I don't feel bad about downloading music illegally . 
I write “Wake Up” on my To-Do list so I can start the day off accomplishing something . 
It’s amazing that even 20 years later , pretending to shoot heroin with an mechanical pencil can still be a great way to procrastinate . 
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was . 
“I’m not on Facebook” is the new “I don’t own a TV . ” 
Q : Why does gigahertz ? \ 
A : Because megabytes . 
FUCK YOU WAL-MART !! 
? Body piercing saved my life today ! That is how the ONE and ONLY GOD showed his love for me . ? 
I LOL so hard when people unfriend me ! :D 
Open your eyes , people ! The Three Little Pigs was written by bricklayers ! 
Today , ask yourself : Who would I be if I had nothing ? 
Love is always patient and kind . It is never jealous . Loves is never boastful or conceited . It is never rude or selfish . It doesn't take offense and is not resentful . Love take no pleasure in others people's sins , but delights in the truth . It is always ready to excuse , to trust , to hope , and to endure whatever comes . 
If you ever get caught sleeping on the job slowly raise your head and say , “In Jesus name , amen . ” 
What's on your mind ? 
