I want say this from my heart , thanking to my families/friends for helping us , standing our side n believing us . It's fine that whoever believes in a person who used terrible words abt my dad n family in her words instead seeing the emails . It'll be deal with it someday . Im glad to have my families n true friends in out lives , they're really awesome ! I thank GOD for everything what we have now . 

Happy father's day !! \ 
We want to say Happy Father's Day to my wonderful father .. We love him , miss him n still thinking of him .. He was a amazing father/grandpa , would do anything for his children , grandchildren n friends .. There's alot good things abt him n memories will always remembered forever .. We love u , daddy .. 
Off to camping with my family n friends for my early bday n July4th ! I thank them for going.it'll be a blast ! Y'all have a safe weekend then ! 
My True friends are the\ 
sunshine of life ! Thanks for bright shine love one of life ! Thanks for brightening my world with the warmth of your friendship ! 
I'm worn out from camping . but we had sum good time , tough . I love u , daddy . Even I can't see u in spirit n I always will still talk to u n loving u . I'm glad I got my personality n everything from u . Ure a amazing daddy . Mwah ! 
\Be brave to tell your true ? friend what you don't want them to make a MISTAKE .. That is kind of a true ? friend would tell you .. \ " ???? " 
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same . 
Women are like teabags . We don't know our true strength until we are in hot water ! 
Be as smart as you can , but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart . 
If you don't like something , change it . If you can't change it , change your attitude . 
If the cops arrest a mime , do they tell him he has the right to remain silent ? 
Thank u 2 who posted \happy bday\ " msgs 2 me . It means lot 2 me n it shows u do care ! God bless y'all n thanks for ur love ! Mwahhh !!! ILY ! " 
Also thanks for texts n emails 2 my bday msgs !! God bless y'all n thanks for ur love ! Mwahh ! ILY !! 
Happy Birthday to my nephew , Marlin !!! 
AwayMsg :( Not feelin well n in bed .. Lve msgs or ttyl8r .. GodBless .. ) 
They are my heart , they are my soul , they are my life , they are my love , and they are my reason for being . They are my children . 
says , Love your enemies . It will confuse them ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Spend the precious time with families .. Hope y'all have a great Christmas day . GOD bless ... 
FWD : My silence doesn't mean that , I forget you . My disappearance doesn't mean , I don't care about you . I do think about you and you are always in my heart , friends . 
