Happy New Years !!! 

Going to Philly Friday ... I don't know what to feel about this . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has officially died 
Reality is for those who lack imagination 
Leavin 4 Philly today ... 
Someone must be looking out 4 me ;) Car broke down on the highway and I'm still living !! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!! 
Guess who's back ?! 
the rest of the fam is coming home 2day . 
An optimist is someone who falls off the Empire State Building , and after 50 floors says , ' So far so good!' 
My little brother is so annoying ... 
good night everybody . i need my z's . 
You can't dwell on the past because you won't make it in the present . Just live your life and look forward to the future . 
Between the typos and yawning I'm guessing my body's trying to tell me it's time for me to go to sleep . 
Controversy is not always a bad thing . Sometimes it's good for you . People need something else to talk about other than the latest fashions or dance crazes . 
???????????? 
being sick sucks ! 
Pamlico School board sucks ! 
Getting ready for the Calc Test tommorow ! 
Goodnight ppl , I have a huge test tommorow . Wish me luck ! :) 
ok , i'm sleepy , good night ! 
is getting ready for the LIFT retreat 
I know this has been done before but ... I'M READY TO GET OUT OF PAMLICO COUNTY !!! 
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems . -- Mohandas K . Gandhi 
If you don't risk anything you risk even more . -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle . -- Kahlil Gibran 
Some people have so much respect for their superiors they have none left for themselves . -- < PROPFIRST > McArthur 
had fun tonight . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS FROM YA GIRL , < PROPFEMALE > !!!! BOOYAH !!! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using ONLY 4 WORDS , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
Mythbusters is hilarious ... lol 
mmmm ..... Grilled cheese w/ pastrami and roast beef .... 
just got accepted into NC State !! 
superbowl = sucky ! 
Ok . so i should be going to bed right now ... proof that facebook is addicting ! 
OK good night fb . i'm actually going 2 bed this time . I mean it !! 
home sweet home ! 
wishes spring break would come faster ... 
Some people are like rubiks cubes . They are hard to figure out . --- Me 
Also got accepted to Drexel university as a < PROPFIRST>'s Scholar ! 14,000 a yr at my other choiced school !!!! hmm ... Drexel or State . College visits will decide . 
Just saw < PROPFEMALE > In wonderland !!! It was awesome ! 
Headache ... ugh ! 
my computer is mad at me for some apparent reason ... 
???????? 
just wokeup and vaguely remember falling asleep ... 
Why are some people still right ... even when they're wrong ? 
gave blood today . kinda lightheaded ... 
i have a headache ... maybe a nap willl fix it . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Papa < PROPFIRST>'s Pizza = Awesome ! Why am i still hungry though ... 
snickers ice cream bar = frozen goodness but now my teeth are cold ! 
just made a wholesome dinner of chicken stir-fry . mmmm 
doesn't feel to good ... 
Homework is evil 
So groggy .... 
Good night facebook ! 
just watched a horrible movie ... 
I'm going to be 18 tommorow ! Lions and tigers and bears , oh my ! 
Thank's for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
Thanks again everyone for the birthday wishes , this ws the best birthday ever ! 
Ok all close friends ( you know who you are ! ) , I've decided to go to NC A & T instead of NC State because I am getting a full ride there and I don't want to spend the rest of my life paying student loans ! It works out in the end because they are willing to pay for my grad school at NC State ! Just letting people know what's going on ! Best wishes ! I love all of ya'll!!! :) 
I ordered my new camera last night !!! 
Funny qoute of the day : Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I joined the Navy to see the world . I've seen it . Now how do I get out ? 
Saw thenew Doctor Who ep . It was awesome !! :) 
The < PROPFEMALE > Trk movie is awesome ! 
My New camera arrived today !!! 
Ok so I decide the pink and white iced animal cookies are really ugly .... but they taste oh so good . i ate the whole bag .... 
Why do people spread news ( mostly rumors ) without checking to see if it's really true ? If people don't seek the truth they could at least not spread untruths . If things keep going as is then the whole world will be one big lie . I hate it when people tell things and they don't know what they are talking about themselves . No one in particular ... just a philosophical thought ... 
Prom was pretty awesome ! 
The new doctor who ep was awesome . Now watching avatar ! 
Happy mothers day to all the real mothers . You are very much appreciated ! 
never thought i'd be saying this but .... No Homework ! 
So Doctor Who keeps getting more and more awesome .... 
I want to go to the show choir performance to see my friends but no one wants to go with me .... oh well . 
Just saw Iron Man 2 ! It was awesome ! 
is going to bed ... good night everyone ! 
If all guys start out in the womb as females ... then aren't all guys transvestites ? Just some funny food for thought ... not to be taken too seriously . lol 
working today ... it's been awhile ... a long while ... 
Going away to my cousin , RaTasha Tillery-Smith's house !!! Be back in a week ! 
Using my cousin's iPod touch . My fingers hurt . 
guess who's back ... 
Hapy Father's Day !! 
Yay storm ! Awesome relax weather ... 
Lights went out ! Now they are back on , yay ! 
Watchin Night at the Roxbury again ... lol ... will ferrell and < PROPFEMALE > kattan were stupid 
Night Facebook ! I'm sure I have a lond day ahead of me ... oh well next week will be great and the next few months I'll make the most of it ! I'm almost free !! 
So .... after an almost bad day ... I open my fortune cookie and it says \You will be fortunate in everything\ " No Lie ... " 
Doctor Who Season Finale = * Fireworks ! * Pure Awesomeness ! 
The BET Awards are a sick joke ! 
Finished Orientation ! 
just finished a bag of Doritos 2nd Degree Burn Fiery Buffalo .. I kniw they are not good for me and they make your breath stink but they taste good ... 
Yay ! 4s on the AP Tests ! 
has a headache . :( 
wants sushi ! boy , do I crave the weirdest things at the weirdest times .... 
is from now on marketing herself as the worlds tallest midget ... just because I can ! :) 
Just had a wonderful weekend with all of my best friends .... now I'm ready to go to college ! 
I move in tomorrow and first day is the 16th ! Yay !!! Wish me luck . And to all of my friends : I Love you and I'm going to miss all of you so much ! 
Enjoyin being on my own . I like college life ... ready for the school year to take off ! Will post pics soon !!! 
I just carried 5 heavy books to my dorm . Which is not close at all to the book store . And it's hot . Next year I'm investing in shorts . Maybe a butler to < PROPFEMALE > my books for me too . These things weigh more than elephants . 
I have a question . Between walking back and forth to classes carrying heavy books , having whatever choice you want for food when you have the time and socializing where does one have the time to gain 15 pounds ? The freshman 15 has to be a myth unless they are talking about 15 pounds of muscle in your legs . I'm confused and I think I actually lost weight with all the walking . :( My jeans don't fit as snug anymore . 
Thank you for being a friend \ 
\ 
Traveled down the road and back again \ 
Your heart is true your a pal and a confidant . \ 
\ 
And if you through a party \ 
Invited everyone you ever knew \ 
You would see the biggest gift would be from me \ 
And the card attached would say thank you for being a friend . \ 
just watched the < PROPFEMALE > girls ... haha 
Finally went to the gym . Elliptical kicked my butt but now I feel awesome ! 
Definitely making A's in Calc ! Booyah ! Thank god I had Ms. Moye in High School ! 
hates fire drills . I believe by the time you get out of middle school you should know how to get out of a burning building ... 
Owww ... my head . I have a weird headache . 
HP computers and the Vista operating system were both invented to torture people in Hell . They seriously suck . I'd wipe it and go Linux but the program I have to use for my school isn't compatible . Fail . I can't wait to get the laptop I want . 
French pick-lock ? Never fails . Belonged to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , charming lady . Lost her head , poor thing ... ~ Doctor Who 
I have an imaginary car . It runs on < PROPFEMALE > dust . Do you have any idea how much < PROPFEMALE > dust cost these days ?!! Seriously ?! I can buy food for two weeks with that money ! 
Good night Facebookers ! I'm going to bed ! 
thinks she did well on her exams today . Only time will tell . 
Lying is like a computer program . You have to build it , execute it , and maintain it . It's just too much work not to make any money . -Me 
If you car looks like a meal box on wheels and you decide to put spinning rims and a sound system on it I am not looking your way because I think your car looks good . I am looking your way thinking , \what an idiot . \ " One of your rims should not cost more than the whole car itself .... " 
hmmmm .... class is canceled . There is nothing to do . I think I'll nap ! 
Yay ! Tonight is going to be fun ! Hanging out with my friends Micayla Goodrum and Mecca < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Critical Analysis on Kanye West's \Power\ " video for Critical Writing class . If it didn't have to be a < PROPFEMALE > my analysis would be : Kanye is full of himself . 90% of the class thinks the video is demonic ... figures . " 
zzzzzzzzzzzzz ...... 
mmm ... Chinese food . Still not sushi but I can live with that . I am on a college student budget . Eventually I will get some . Who wants to treat ? 
My fortune cookie says : In the asking , is the receiving . Dibs to the first one who can tell me what that means . Lol . 
It's the best day everrrr !!!!!! \ 
I now know the kind of day Spongebob was talking about . Today was great . Two pairs of jeans for $14.54 ! I saved over $50 and they fit perfectly ! I < PROPMALE > out with my friends ... made some new ones ... Life is good right now . 
is jammin to Thriller !! 
Failx10 !!!! someone thought it would be hilarious to set off the fire alarm and sprinklers on the third floor . Now I lost valuable sleep and others probably lost their stuff . I am majorly upset ! 
Holy Crap , Batman !!!! 
Nap time ! 
This is Micayla Goodrum on charnelle's fbook profile with permission ... OF COURSE ! LOL ! 
lol @ the < PROPMALE > Brown show : there is a presidential basketball . 
the caf attempted to make jerk chicken today and failed miserably 
thinks classes should be canceled . It is cold and it is raining really , really hard . I am not in the mood to swim to class . I can't even swim !!! 
is getting her sushi fix . Finally !!! Hopefully it's good ... I haven't tried this place's sushi before . Mmmmm .... Volcano roll ..... 
QOTD : Before you criticize someone , you should walk a mile in their shoes . \ 
That way , when you criticize them , you're a mile way and you have their \ 
shoes . ~ Anonymous 
I like it on a desk . 
New Beginnings you guys !! Will post results on facebook in a few days . It's a pleasant surprise for my facebook friends ! 
New Computer is so awesome !!!!!! 
So that it you guys that was the big surprise ! A new haircut !!! lol Please leave comments on the new pics ! 
Oh . It's you again . I see the assassins have failed once more . 
my new wallet = fail .... good thing i had important things on my person . never getting another $6.00 from walmart again ... 
new snuggie commercial with macarena beat = failure of epic proportions .... what has the world come to ? 
thinks everyone is going to be just fine . There is a light at the end of the tunnel . Hey !!! It's getting brighter ! It's coming towards us .... RUN !!!! IT'S A TRAIN !!!! 
Chilling with Mecca < PROPFEMALE > , Micayla Goodrum , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Francique , and < PROPMALE > . We are playing Rock Band . And < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Francique is cooking us dinner . Life is great right now . 
I'm hungry !!!!! 
I loooooooooove cookies !!!!! 
The answer is no . I do not . 
The Little Mermaid .... what an awkward movie after you've become an adult .... 
finds solace in good music .... 
Staying with Micayla Goodrum this fall break . Her room is the meaning of epicness !!! Fun so far ! 
Found a new favorite restaurant . Had the hottest wings . According 2 the waiter they make grown men cry ... 
Went Shopping got some awesome shoes !!! Also got a few tops and some jewelry . Outlet malls are awesome ! 
FAIL . I cut myself opening a tabbed soup can . 
Well I had fun at my friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s house and the food was amazing . I have the most amazing friends .... 
Watchin Gremlins . Almost done washin clothes ... 
Getting another sushi fix !!! 
Anyone happen to know Mrs. Moyes number that can msg it to me ? I really could use her help right now . 
Electricity out ! 
Anyone wanna donate to the help a college student fund ?! 
My crazy friend is an exhibitionist . 
Lol at all the hypocrites . They know not what they do ! 
My throat has been hurting since early yesterday afternoon .... :( 
Finally made it to a doctor . Throat still sore . 
I have a Upper Respiratory Infection . I guess it's like an advanced cold because it has the same symptoms . SN : They gave me a medical mask . 
Watching Its the Great Pumpkin < PROPFIRST > Brown ... 
is feelin much better .... yay !!! 
:) 
So um .... this week was pretty interesting . 
That's not a pocket ! That's a hole ! 
I am such a klutz . So ... i went to the cafe . when i went to put up my plates i tripped on the rug and fell face forward into the wall . FML 
An unexamined life is not worth living . -Socrates 
The food in the caf is actually edible . Should I be scared ? SN : Somebody get Mecca < PROPFEMALE > some hotsauce ! 
Answers are easy . It's asking the right questions which is hard . -The Fourth Doctor ( Doctor Who ) 
Saw my cousin < PROPFIRST > Garner tonight !!! I'm so excited now ! I love my family !!! 
Sigh .... what a day .... 
It is the 47th anniversary of Doctor Who .............. AWESOME !!!!!! And I'm also getting out of school for break , that's pretty epic too I guess ... :) 
Is back in the county ... 
Mmmm ... hot chocolate . 
Hey any friends in Pamlico County want to come pick me up ? I'm bored -.- 
Mom : What would u < PROPFEMALE > for protection if u needed it ? Isaiah : I already have weapons . My two muscles . 
Found Creesha and LeeMarvin !! Let the fun begin ! 
On my way back 2 Greensboro . Goodbye 2 all of my Pamlico County friends for now . I will see you all again during Christmas break !!! 
is back on campus . 
Waitin 4 the cafe 2 reopen . Im hungry ... 
First exam today ! Wish me luck . 
#11 I liked talking to you at work . You were very nice and became one of my good friends . You are one of the people I look up to . PS Your baby is so cuuute !!!! 
#78 I'm not angry . It's your honest opinion but if I do something that personally annoys you let me know and I'll see if I need to change it . Other than that you are a cool friend and you make me laugh . We have had some great times together .... 
#31 Hey cousin . At first we weren't that close but being over here made us closer than ever . I think I told you some things that I've only told my * best * friends so you should feel some kind of special . PS can I chill at your house to my ' rents pick me up ? 
2.5 A unique number for a unique person . Lol . I really do think you're an older alternate reality version of me because your so cool . I am glad I opened my big mouth in Pizza Hut because you are probably one of the coolest older friends that I have . In fact you may have obliterated the competition . 
All I want for Christmas is a TARDIS equipped with my own sonic screwdriver !!!! 
01010100 01100001 01101100 01101011 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110100 01101111 00100000 01100110 01110010 01101001 01100101 01101110 01100100 01110011 00100000 01101001 01101110 00100000 01000010 01101001 01101110 01100001 01110010 01111001 00111101 01010000 01110010 01101001 01100011 01100101 01101100 01100101 01110011 01110011 00100001 00100001 00100001 
Only the male species can fight over 1s and 0s ..... geesh ! 
Throws virtual chair and looks around to see if fight breaks out ... 
Dear Friends , \ 
Please stop sending me game requests . I will ignore them . Not because I'm ignoring you but because I don't play the games and I could care less . Thank you . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Good Luck . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Tired of Game Requests 
Watching 1000 ways to die ... 
Change of plans . Due to the roads being so bad , I am not coming home today . I'll be back Wednesday instead . 
Sushi !!! 
really wants to go see Tron : Legacy . I shall make it happen ! 
After much delay , I am finally going 2 the county . I will be there this afternoon . 
Im home ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!!! 
There's a shark in my bedroom ?! 
Watching \The Game \"" 
The world doesn't need anymore false intellectuals . There are enough of those . -Me 
Soul Bossa < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
Don't say one thing and act another . Say what you mean and mean what you say . 
I'm so sleepy .... ugh ...... zzzz ... but i have homework . 
Asking to name 20 people ( first and last name ) in your class on a quiz = fail . Especially in a programming class . 
Is in Atlanta !!! 
Fact : The biggest cause of death is birth . 
why can't i like the fact that someone likes my status ?!? Darn you facebook !!!! you have piles of useless functions but not the one useless function that i want ?! 
Back in town for spring break ... and so it begins ... 
Happy International Women's Day !!! 
I'm not yo daddy , I'm yo grandpa !!!!! -Geico Comercial 
is creeped out . I have 666 songs on my mp3 player now .... 
Mmm ... Lasagna . 
Happy Pi day !! 3-14 
One cannot do the right thing unless he has has a more than clear understanding of what are the wrong things . -Me 
Is dragging her lazy butt to the gym . 
Nothing consoles a person better than music :) 
2 days until the big day . Gosh I'm getting old ..... 
Vote for < PROPMALE > P . Blount IV For Mr. A&T State University !!! 
I think the reason why so may people , write , text etc . is that it's so simple to hide behind words . A white background and black symbols . It's easy to create a different persona with words . You can be you or you can temporarily be someone else . Writing is a powerful thing . 
