goodbye Miss < PROPFEMALE > . I love you . 

is learning how to fight .. and failing lol 
It's good to know who your friends are , sympathize with the people who are trying ( and right now failing ) to make your life miserable , and to love both regardless . I am quite happy :) 
Lord i don't know what i'm struggling for , there's got to be more than this life i know , but still i'm here fighting to never give up , i find strength in your love and you will see me through . 
os justi meditabitur sapientiam , et lingua ejus loquetur judicium : lex Dei ejus in corde ipsius . 
i think my house is colder than russia 
I don't like worrying , but I care to much to not worry :( this is driving me insane 
sprickets are the creepist little things . There like a small , evil , beady eyed , insecty/arachnidy version of spiderman . Now i'm afraid to go itno my bathroom because one attacked me :( 
mad 
opening night tomorrow and i garauntee that after tonights dance class I will have to crawl around the stage . As long as no one falls off the stage it will all be ok 
Come see HONK at < PROPFIRST > Stone tonight at 7:30 it's your last < PROPMALE > to come and you will be missing an amazing show if you don't 
greater things have yet to come and greater things are still to be done in this city 
going to bed , very disappointed in my dearest checkers , thinks the five time winner of the < PROPFEMALE > grudge should get over it , and realized what's good for me . I thinks it's been a pretty good day . 
my descion may seem hurtful and wrong for you now , but you will thank me in the long run . Now lets hope i can < PROPFEMALE > out said descion . 
~ people killin people dyin children hurtin hear them cryin , can you practice what you preach and would you turn the other cheek ? Father help us , need some guidance from above cause people got me questionin where is the love ? ~ :) 
Is really happy that neither me or < PROPFEMALE > was hurt in the accident today . we are fine and happy that nothing really bad happened 
yes , i was in an accident , but at least i didn't run into a gas station :D 
write love on your arms tommorrow :) 
is at misericordia . I absolutely love it here ! 
is exahausted . Prom was amazingly fun even if i do have manly arms . thanks for that one michellelel lol 
AP week starts tomorrow :( not fun 
ap test tomorrow . 4 wonderful hours of spanish oh joy 
I may seem crazy or painfully shy and these scars wouldn't be so hidden if you would just look me in the eye . -plumb 
loves dancing like a crazy person in my basement 
drama banquet tonight ! 
Say what you need to say is some good advice . I didn't know < PROPFIRST > Mayer could be so wise . Now my parents have changed their minds and I am one happy person 
bengay and motrin are miracle workers 
me and cars don't mix well 
I like straight upness not mixed signals . good lord people are so confusing . they're worse than those little riddle things that are impossible to figure out 
is sleepy and has never been this excited to go to church =) 
my shoulder is killing me but competition was great . And I had tons of fun with my Baggie < PROPFEMALE > ( I love you < PROPFEMALE > ) . Lets go to church again 
i feel the beating of your heart . I see the shadows of your face . Just know that wherever you are I miss you and I wish you were here 
dad said dinner would either be brussel sprouts or pizza . as much as i love brussel sprouts i think i'll go with pizza 
is really bored . I need something to do 
I have a feeling I'll be doing a lot of talking in the near future . It makes me nervous . 
I had bunches of fun with < PROPFEMALE > Smith and all her crazy board games today :) I just wish I was better at talking and opening up .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Smith made me cry . I think I laughed so hard that I almost died haha 
got a milkshake :) 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > LaForte and < PROPFIRST > Janschek for helping me reaize that if I was ever acting in a horror movie , I would think the actors playing the zombies and ghosts were really zombies and ghosts and I would die of a heart attack caused by pure unnecesary terror haha 
should be finishing her identiy cube thats due tommorrow and has nothing on it .. but i'm gonna stay on facebook and stare at the computer screen instead 
? why can't everyone put down their guns and start throwing < PROPMALE > bears at eachother ? 
We start a war , but what's it for . We fight for peace peace will find us with < PROPFEMALE > . Trade your guns , fire with doves , fight for love . peace with find us with < PROPFEMALE > 
lost in translation 
Has absolutely nothing to do on Monday 
Had an intsense conversation with < PROPFEMALE > Edelen . I'm pretty sure we walked up and down my street 100 times before actually deciding to go inside . 
Is really confused , so I ' m gonna go to sleep and hope God decides that tonight is the night he's gonna make me psychic and give me all the answers I need in a dream .. If only ... 
off to < PROPFEMALE > Peltzer's party !!!! happy birthday girle 
God made man first . You need a rough draft before you can create a masterpeice . 
< PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > . lema sabachthani ? 
no matter how much your heart is aching , there is beauty in the breaking 
If you like this status , I will post on your wall something I like about you . Make this as your status if you want a challenge . 
5 and a half hours of work today without a break . It was fun but \ 
I gotta say all that smiling and taking orders makes you hungry , especially when you're constantly smelling food lol 
Is excited for tomorrow . It's going to be a very good day :) 
I had a lot of fun tonight :) But i gotta say splice is a strange strange movie haha 
my job messed up my schedule :( I got to go talk to them about that today . I'm hoping they're understanding and still have the book that they wrote they days I requested off in 
Gradutaion on Tuesday :) 
I got troubles but not today , cause they're gonna wash away . And I have sins Lord but not today , cause they're gonna wash away . 
Made prayer boxes with < PROPFIRST > Gingerich and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > this weekend . And then I came home and have officially found the first prayer for it . 
what hurts the most is being so close and having so much to say , and watching you walk away , and never knowing what could have been . 
This is my prayer without ceasing , the negative releasing , and as I rise above my burden is easing . 
ok so my geniune act of boldness to share my feelings through a quiz was a fail . Come on now how much more obvious to I have to get here ? I'm too shy to tell you in person 
watching 1408 . too freaky for me . I cant watch horror movies alone , but I really want to know whats gonna happen 
I just got myself an answered prayer ! ( well I think I did haha ) 
has a cold :( 
So I'm having this deep conversation with < PROPFEMALE > Edelen when all of a sudden she says : OOOO we can make pacman friendship bracelets ! thats so cute ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Edelen : < PROPFEMALE > you're boy crazy Me : No I'm not I'm just crazy over one boy < PROPFEMALE > : Me too . That's why I said you're BOY crazy not BOYS crazy 
Me : \I really like the Rastafarian way of life\ " < PROPFEMALE > Edelen :\ " what ? rats spit far ee ? " 
what goes around comes around and I will have the biggest smile on my face when it does :) haha < PROPFEMALE > is sweeter than revenge 
leaving saturday for < PROPFEMALE > beach ! I'm excited 
Wants to go to Uganda or Nigeria with a certain mission team , but everything is so expensive . Time for some serious money saving 
I would much rather take a road trip to Ohio with < PROPFEMALE > Edelen than go to work .. stupid job 
Going to get my hair cut ! 
So I definitely cut a good four or more inches off my hair . It feels so short now , but I love it . I think < PROPFEMALE > Edelen and I should go clubbing so I can show it off and she can show off her almost booty shorts 
When you shoot yourself with a rubber band instead of the person your aiming it at , you realize your hand-eye coordination is way off 
officially in college . I love it here already . 
I'm getting sick :( 
I have never been so happy to have clean clothes haha 
Had a big eye opener tonight ... Kind of scary 
pain throws your heart to the ground , love turns the whole thing around . no it won't all go the way it should , but I know the heart of life is good . 
lets get together and feel alright 
have to get work done , but can't concentrate 
I need < PROPFEMALE > Edelen aka my common sense haha 
I like it on the floor . 
Nilla Waffers and Nutella ... My tastebuds are so high right now 
I LOVE MY SISTER WEEK : If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped\ 
your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered \ 
you on , kept you strong , prays for your happiness ... then copy and paste \ 
this to your status . Love you < PROPFEMALE > 
October is cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? 
Tomorrow night cannot get here fast enough 
I think I passed midterm :) 
It's time to face up , Clean this old house\ 
Time to breathe in and let everything out 
Disney movie project :) I love the brave little toaster 
Me : \I like corn except when it's mushy\ " < PROPFEMALE > Pollina :\ " Did you just say you like porn except when it's mushy ?!?! \"" 
Sleep would be nice 
watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > make a tree ... this is interesting . 
pumkin carving , roasted pumkin seeds , and pumkin smashing :) thats a good night 
Jesi < PROPFEMALE > Swoboda and I have concluded that we absolutely hate Literature of American Immigrants ( Aka English 111 ) . 
you are more than the choices that you've made , you are more than the sum of your past mistakes , you are more that the problems you create . 
Son of man look to the sky , lift your spirit set it free . Some day you will walk tall with pride . Son of man a man in time you'll be . 
It's gonna be a fun weekend :) 
I went to Habitat for Humanity with Jesi < PROPFEMALE > Swoboda and we ended up painting ourselves instead of the house haha . Now at her house all night :) funfunfun 
This is where the healing begins , this is where the healing starts . When you come to where you're broken within the light meets the dark . 
is getting sick . no me gusta :( 
Enough with the talking shit behind peoples backs . You have no room to talk cause you are just as guilty as we are so get over it . 
I am not sucking and blowing anything < PROPFEMALE > Buxton and < PROPFIRST > Whitmoyer can have my cherries . Yay < PROPFIRST > temples in water bottles haha 
Going home !! I have never been so happy to be going back to good ole < PROPMALE > county :) Can't wait to see miss < PROPFEMALE > Edelen !!!!!!! 
I'm 100% positive that God created me and < PROPFEMALE > Danoski when he was drunk 
What's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen ? \ 
\ 
Snowballs !! \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > K . < PROPMALE > 
Today has been like a series of unfortunate events 
ready for a nap ( by the way , do not put me in a couch cucoon please and thank you :) ) 
One tear in the droppin rain , one voice in the sea of pain . Could the maker of the stars hear the sound of one breaking heart ? One light , that's all I am . Right now I can barely stand . If You're everything You say You are , could You come close and hold my heart ? -Tenth Avenue North 
Last minute Christmas shopping tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > Vann . So happy to be back in MD :) 
I'm being interrogated ! hahaha This is fun 
My face is starting to hurt .. and I still look like a chipmunk . At least my face didn't bruise like the doctor said it would !! Yay ! 
I just found all my ap < PROPMALE > photos and realized that I could have done so much more with most of those painting and drawings . Now that I dont have to do 24 pieces of < PROPMALE > work in less than a year i might go back and redo some of them :) 
My house is driving me insane . I am so ready to leave again . Can I go back to Misi please ? 
Late night din din with < PROPFEMALE > Vann ! Fun fun :) 
skype date with Jesi < PROPFEMALE > Swoboda !!!! Yay ! I misses her 
Excited for New Years eveing with < PROPFIRST > Gingerich and < PROPMALE > Pomrenke !! It's gonna be fun ! 
Had way too much fun with < PROPFIRST > Gingerich and < PROPMALE > Pomrenke gatting slightly lost cause of taking the wrong exit off the beltway haha . That is the last time I trust the GPS over my own instincts . 
According to Jesi < PROPFEMALE > Swoboda I need to be more textually active 
Tomorrow I will be driving . WARNING : In case of rapture my car will be unmanned . 
Come on Ravens . You're killin me here 
Hello sunshine , it's been too long since I've felt your beautiful warmth upon my face . And how much have I missed because I've been focused on everything wrong ? This road just felt so long . I forgot to lift my head to see you . -Barlowgirl 
listening to calm , serene , hopeful , classical music . It's like being surrounded by angels . Much needed angels 
There is no limit to what can be accomplished when no one cares who gets the credt . 
I have an amazing boyfriend . :) 
In order to have friends , you must first be one . 
class till 3:45 . fun fun 
Let in the sunshine :) 
the superbowl has made me a very happy person :) chyea packers ! 
Stranger than your sympathy\ 
this is my apology , \ 
I'm killin myself from the inside out\ 
and all my fears have pushed you out . \ 
-goo goo dolls 
Time for < PROPFEMALE > to disappear . Tomorrow will be nothing but peace and quite ( emphasis on the peace please ) . 
Listening to happy music about my Father up in heaven :) . Reminds me I need to call my Daddy tomorrow . I love them both 
Oh darlin don't you ever grow up , just stay this little . Oh darlin don't you ever grow up , it can stay this simple . I won't let nobody hurt you , won't let no one break your heart . And even though you want to , please try to never grow up . 
This retreat is hitting at the perfect time . 
Keep living you're fourth everyone ! It's not over . Don't stop letting your colors burst :) 
I'm giving my life to the only One who makes the < PROPFEMALE > reflect the sun\ 
On that starry night He changed my life . \ 
I'm giving my life to the only Son who gave me hope when I had none\ 
So let the praises ring 
Only 10 more days till < PROPFIRST > Whitmoyer , < PROPFEMALE > McClary , and I are off to the Dominican Republic for our mission trip !!! I can't wait to meet all the kids !!!!!! :) 
Even if you're on the right track , you'll get run over if you just sit there 
What a night 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or\ 
love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention\ 
who have fought and are fight ...... ing ... 
Dear world , my room is a drama free zone . If you're hungry for drama , go to a grocery store :) hahaha the things me and < PROPFEMALE > Heffner come up with & hearts ; 
Do not worry about tomorrow for tomorrow will bring worries of its own . Today is trouble is enough for today- < PROPMALE > 6:34 
One hour till I'm on a plane to the dr :) 
I am officiallly back in the United States . I had an absolutely amazing experience in the Dominican Republic this week . It has has been an emotional and spiritual journey in which I gained just as much as I gave , and learned just as much as I taught . I miss everyone from there already and I can't wait to go back and see all the kids again :) 
All of you together are Christ's body , and each one of you is a seperate and necessary part . - 1 Corinthians 12:27 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying . 
tea and < PROPFEMALE > is like chocolate ; it makes everythin better :) 
It's gonna be a fun night :) 
All I want is to go back to the DR and be with all the kids again . That's all I want . 
So I just applied to go to Africa for two years on mission training which can lead to a full time career in some scary , but beautiful places :) . If this works out , I might have just found my calling . It might be hard , but if it's people and God I'm serving , I am a happy camper . 
Got forcefully ducktaped to a chair , carried to the 3rd floor , and left outside RA Ryans room ... then went to mcdonalds and was stuffed in the trunk with < PROPFEMALE > dearest and a dead body ... fun night hahaha 
The colors of the rainbow , so pretty in the sky , are also on the faces of people going by . I see friends shaking hands saying how do you do , they're really saying I love you . 
