happy new year yall 

scotts in the hospital !! 
scotts out now ....... he had a bad infection in his arm . they did surgery on iit and kept him 4 a few days . He's on antibiotics , hopefully it will heal good !! 
kids drivin me crazy !!! 
my prayers and condolences go out to the < PROPMALE > family 
score ou !!!!! 
intercepted ....... go ou ! 
the crimson n cream did it again , :) 
it was a close game and im proud of both teams . im just stoked 
cold rainy days stink ..... im going back to bed . 
all im sayin is if ur not gonna dress it and put in tha fryin pan then why kill it ?? thats a disgrace people ..... and not to mention lazy 
woke up late , missed the bus , then got stopped by highway patrol . only thing that went ok was the verbal warning ... 
happy b day < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
im sick of snow !!! it's cold , wet , and my kitchen floor stays muddy !! im ready for the river !! 
greed is ugly 
who is without flaws ??? 
sometimes \change\ " can be a good thing . :) " 
life's a ditch , can you dig it ?? 
< PROPMALE > light and good company , don't get much better then this :) 
The One you just called fat ? She has been starving herself and has lost over 30lbs . The One you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped ? They are abused enough at home . Theres a lot more to people than you think . Put this as status if you're against bullying 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > = GAY !! 
lemon 
bbbbuuuuurrrrrr , im freezing !!!! 
back to bed ya'll!! :) 
subway is the shit :) 
what the hell is goin on with this damn oklahoma weather ??? it's freakin nasty outside !! hell last week im chillin on the river in my bikini and now i gotta have the freakin heater on all day !! I hate it ! 
sooo cold !!!! come on sunshine ! i miss you ! 
happy birthday < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! 
been packing boxes for a good part of the day , took one load to my new house . hopefully the electric will be on tomorrow . im so excited and ready to move !!! :) 
today would be Aleah < PROPFIRST>'s 6th birthday . kinda hard to swallow 
this is such a nice day !! i need to go to gore sometime today , aleah needs some new flowers 
im headed to gore with my friend < PROPFEMALE > to hook my baby up with some birthday stuff :) 
baby girl is taken care of and now there is a 10,000 pound load off my back ! thank you so much for helping me out ! you know who you are :) 
looks like it's going to be a nice day ya'll!!:) 
officially moved !! 
who would ever thought my kids would LOVE < PROPMALE > gump ??? crazy 
< PROPMALE > got student of the month ! I'm so proud :) 
spent the day with my sister and neices in sallisaw , had fun sis , thanks :) 
I've made mistakes being a mom , sometimes more than I'd like to admit ; but I will always be there for you , to hear you , to cheer you , to laugh or cry with you , to protect you with my life & sometimes tell you things you don't want to hear . I will love you for eternity with all my heart . No one will ever love you more than I do , I'm your Mom ! Repost if you have children of any age who will always be in your heart . 
both of my kids are gone for the night and i don't know what to do with my time !! guess im gonna call it bedtime and take advantage , lame i guess but still sounds good :) 
iv een sick with a effin cold all day !!! im miserable , guess im gonna go get some MORE rest . 
what is up with all the attitude today ??? im just glad this day is almost over . misery loves company i guess . on a better note , come august both af my kids will be attending school !! puts a smile on my face :) 
omg , autumn just pulled the tv and the dresser down on top of here !!!! tv landed on her face , she is gonna be black and blue tomorrow !!! she didnt break anything though , thank god ! gave me a effin heart attack !! 
ok so i can handle the fact that my 5 year old son comes home with homework , that's fine , but now they are sending him with homework for ME !!! wtf ?? 
is lovin her haircut :) 
fixin to go get grocieries at sams club !! 
been a long day 
finally stopped raining long enough to let the kids hunt eggs OUTSIDE for a minute . :) 
so the \river\ " is approaching my front porch !! what do i do ?? " 
took autumn to the school today to get her enrolled into headstart . they tested her to see if she should be in the 3 or 4 year old class because her birthday is on the cut off day . my baby girl was the ONLY child that knew every answer !! not bragging ya'll just proud :) 
so much nicer today , actually got to spend some time outside and on the creek bank . 
drove across the damn today and omg iv lived hear alll my life and have never seen the lake that high !!! it's almost to the top of the gates . i hope the core has i under controll . 
before you judge someone you should walk a mile in their shoes , then when you judge them you'll be a mile away and in their shoes . :) 
i hate it when people try to act like they are better than everyone else when really they are no better !!! it makes me want to scream GROW UP !!!! 
blah .... 
my kids said mommy it's raining ice balls :) 
bin laden is finally dead !! that's effin awesome !! 
