happy that track pratice is over for the rest of Spring Break 

my go online shut down please waite 
my go online is not working on my slow computer sorry 
got my go online working again 
i got my frist hair cut yesterday in 5 years hope everyone likes it when they see it tomarrow 
hating have homework again :( 
epic fail of my day i happened to hit my head on the corner of a locker and hit it so hard that it closed and re-opened . :) 
Yesterday at the track meet i had 2 epic fails ; the first was releasing the discus into the pole and yes i made a dent , and the other is that i practiced a throw and had so much force that i spun around and fell on my butt ( that was just funny even to me ) . Though there were fails yesterday i made two personal best's at both shot put and discus . It was and awsome day . 
i have a track meet tomarrow hope to get another personal best ! wish me luck ! :) 
the track meet was awsome if you like wind that blows all your stuff away ( berrr it was cold ) . i got two new PR's im happy im improving in discus i got 48.9 ft not very impressive but hey it was < PROPFEMALE > and im not good at discus ( yet ) , and for shot put i got 23.2 ft i like this result better next time im animing for 25ft or higher . 
Our Band Concert was awsome last night if you didn't go well you mist a good show . And a big thanks to Percussion we couldn't have done it without you ! Now all we have to do is nail the preformance for festable ! :) 
Found a stash of lollipops in my room ..... love lollipops XD 
The stars and the < PROPFEMALE > above , make me wonder what is life for ... I think that we do not need to know . We just need to learn about the people here and who they are . What do you think ? 
Very short track meet only three schools gillette , Kely Walsh , and < PROPFEMALE > . I almost made finals for discus at 55.2 ft and i threw shot at 24.6 ft . It was an awsome meet and i hope to do better at our home meet on saterday . 
Festable was hectic today i mean really why does it alway have to be overly complicated . Well i got to hear wind ensomble and they were awsome . Treblemakers did very well but man the acootics in the wresaling room suck . Also , i think that Synphomic Band did amazingly well . Wish i could have heard Honor Choir sing but i didn't hope they did well too . AND A BIG THANK YOU TO THE PERCUSSION CAUSE YOU PEOPLE LEARN FAST ! 
Who love lollipops ? 
Hope people come to the track meet tomarrow and support your friends . It is at the High School and starts at 9:30 Varsity goes frist and finals in throwing and some other field events . :) 
The track meet was awsome i placed 2nd in JV shot put my measurement was 26ft 4 1/2in it was a PR . I also PRed in discus with a measurement of 63ft i placed 9th . If you didn't go it was an awsome day for many people including the spectators . 
I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with friend to day . I guess im not a hermet anymore :) 
I hate hate hate hate stupid timed test like the PLAN or ACT . i just can't sit still i get distracted . does anyone else feel that way ? 
hello < PROPFIRST > 
Track meet tomarrow leaving at 8:30 in the morring unless cancelled . It is soposted to rain and lots of wind . :( i hate the wind after goning to Casper . 
Party , party , party . Having fun in with my friends at b-day party . so im happy because i have some thing to do on prom night hope all you people going to prom have fun . 
Cleaning up after Prom is a lot of work ! i didn't even go , oh well i did get to distroy somethings with a hammer . that was a lot of fun . 
The track meet at NSI was nice i got to new PR's and so did many other people like < PROPFEMALE > A . 
Do you know what sucks i have my last track meet this friday at gillette . no fun what am i going to do after school ? 
Yeah of Snow !!!!!!! It got us out of school today . <3 
Last track meet tomarrow . i hope i can throw 29ft in shot put wish me luck ! 
The track meet was awsome on friday it was a JV and V meet combinded so there was no divion between the two . i made finals in shot put at 28ft and 8 1/2in , i did not place but over all i was 9th . :) 
Have you ever had a dream so vivid that you couldn't tell the difference between it and reality ? 
School is almost over ..... let the countdown begin ! 
16 real days before school is out !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Freedom is sounding soon . 
The Happy Jacks ' concert at the WYO Theater was amazing today was the best day ever !!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > epic fail i fell up the stairs on the very last step on the top . How sad is that . 
8 school days left of school !!!!!! I can almost hear the angels rejoicing . ^_^ 
Performed my solo on my flute after school today i think i did very well and can't wait to see what score i received . 
I got the resuts of my flute solo i got 34 points out of 35 . I also had my first softball game tonight and we won 11 to 6 . :) 
The cotton is starting to fly . D: time to break out the allergy medication . 
No air ...... dieing ..... too much cotton ..... stuid allergies . ( dies of suffication ) . 
FREEDOM ! SUMMER IS HERE AGIAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
running + allergies = death . 
So just got the news that I'm the group leader for the 6 year olds Yay !!!!!!!!!! ( this also means I'm in charge of some aduts . ) Best day ever . Go VBS !!!!!!!!!!! 
The first day of VBS was awesome !!! The 6 year olds are great they are energentic and fun but they are also attentive when havingto sit still and listen to stories . :) I love being the Learder of the 6 year olds . 
The last day of VBS yesterday was fun and I'm sad that it is over . I got to see Music Man Jr. Thrusday and it was so cute and the singing and acting was very good . AWESOME PREFORMANCE GUYS !!!!!!!!!! 
ATTENTION ALL BAND STUDENTS !!! Does anyone know when the practices are for the concerts in the park this year ? 
got a new cell phone !!!!!!! And itis not a trackphone but a real cell !!!!!!! 
I now have a huge bruse on my stomach becasue I chose to stop the softball with it rather than my glove . That is why I do not play 2nd base . 
OMG !..... AN UPSIDE DOWN FLYING PANCAKE ! 
Yay ! The rodeo was awesome and I can't wait till I go to the carnival !!!!!!! 
The KamiKazi broke my phone ...... now i cant txt sorry people Im out of comuications reach . 
Woot ! I can txt people again YAY ! ( stupid KamiKazi ) 
I have Internet at home again YAY !!!! I would also like to report that yes all Stroup's are weird that is just the way we are . :) 
< PROPFIRST > and awesome looking dragon today can't believe I did it . hope I can get a pic of it and post it . 
has found out that there is such a thing called a bass flute it is an awesome looking flute that is very big there are also larger and lower flutes . It's AMAZING !!!!!! 
If you like my status I will tell you one thing I like , dislike , first imperssion , and confession about you . 
Concert in the park today starts at 730 we gots cool music ! 
All right people I finally got a job and now it is offical my whole family works there . I'm now a proud employee of Wal-Mart !!!!!!!! 
Dancing in the rain is soooo much fun even if u might get struck by lighting ..... I kinda want to get struck by lighting just to know how it feels ^-^ 
Are you people happy now there is a real picture of me :P 
I got a question 4 ppl .... why even if u dont know me that well do u like me or hate me ? I noticed there is no in between . Lol 
YAY ! Im finally all moved now all I have to do is unpack . Man I hate moving . 
Im soooo confused 
Lol not so confused anymore . Just happy 
Singing is so much easier now and Im so glad Im taking Genes class . 
Life is so wonderful ! 
WOOT ! just finished a 4 mile run i can in second over all and first girl . ^_^ 
I miss my dad and wish I could see him .... 
Today is just horrible ! 
YAY FOR SNOW ! 
I hate getting randomly sick ugg i feel like poop . :( 
AMAZING PLAY ! \Done to Death\ " was very well performed tonight great job to all the peformer you guys were awesome ! ^_^ " 
ATF was AWESOME i learned so much and got to really worship God this weekend . 
Thanksgiving was great got to be with my family and have fun stuffing our faces with pie 
I MADE ALL-STATE BAND !!!! 
Finally all my concerts are done ! * sigh * I still have a lot of practice to do for stuff . No me gusta practicar para vacaion de Navidad . ( can't put in the accent marks lol ) 
like my status and i will tell you one thing i like , dislike , and my first thought about you . 
You might be a redneck if you watch the Titanic for the second time and you hope for a better ending 
Pep band friday woot . All state is coming up last week to learn the music and get good at it yikes wish me luck . 
Well I < PROPFIRST > the anthem at the girls basketball game last night i think i did well hope everyone who was there thought so too . All-State is in one more day I can't wait it is going to be a blast . 
All-State is so much fun ! 
Yay for < PROPFIRST > Pan's fight sene cant wait !!!!! 
HELP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! * sigh * I think I'm going insane 
I GOT A PUPPY FOR AN EARLY B-DAY GIFT !!!!!!!!!!!!! her name is < PROPFEMALE > ! 
ok so tomarrow in my solo day im so neverous . 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays i feel loved 
Hey everyone in the musical should make there Profile Picture a character from < PROPFIRST > Pan !! :D post this as your status and pass it along to everyone . :) 
darn she finally got all those pics on here 
Pep Band was Awesome today !!!! All of you who skipped missed out big time !!!!!!!!! 
YAY !!!!!! track has started again . The girls basket ball team is going to the Championships Woot !!!!! 
The Girls lost to Gillette 65 to 71 in over time :( 
Having a great day I get to wear flip flops again :D 
Ok the same little kid from before called me , \A#*hole\ " today im really sick of that kid . " 
had my first track meet yesterday it was horribly < PROPFEMALE > i hat Casper 
Concert tomorrow if ppl want to come . I tore a muscle in my leg so its hard to walk and throw . 
< PROPFEMALE > 
got third place in JV shot put at the meet yesterday 28ft 5 1/2in 
ugggg im sick of my stupid pulled muscle i can't throw was much as i can it hurts during practice . sigh 
