is hoping that July 30th comes quickly ... or that we close early ... or something ... I want my house ! 

Wow . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died just now . Rest in peace . 
Is happy , despite my dog ignoring me . 
is thinking that chai is necessary right now . 
knows that Indian food is on the horizon . Come on , lunch time ! 
My dog is a toothless hamster killer . Watch out ! 
And so , the lesson of today is to not wash the foam Contour pillows in a washer with an agitator . The outcome is a pillow that looks like it lost a fight with an alligator . 
has a beauty of a dog who insists upon sitting on my foot 
Is wondering about her housewarming party . 63 people in 2000-ish square feet of house ... Hmmmm ... Let's plant some people out in the yard ! 
Is happy ... and craving Indian food . 
has a plecostomus that insists on knocking snails off the aquarium wall and spitting rocks into the filter . 
NOTE : Facebook has agreed to let a 3rd party advertiser use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on \SETTINGS\ " up where you see the log out link . Select \ " PRIVACY SETTINGS\ " . Select \ " NEWS FEEDS AND WALL\ " . Select the tab that reads \ " FACE BOOK " 
and her sweetheart just closed on a house they love !!! 
< PROPFIRST > and I are engaged !!! 
Craves sushi . 
Sigh ! Wedding dress shopping is tiring ... but fun . 
wants to know : \Where is a nice yet inexpensive place to get married and have a reception in the Albuquerque area ? \"" 
needs some coffee ... with cinnamon ! 
requests that her clone study for the social work licensure exam . 
is ready for steak ! 
Saturday is the day of the Girl Scout Thin Mint Blizzard , also known as the Glizzard to some of you . 
wonders if she looks more like a < PROPFEMALE > keeper than a bride when she tries on veils . 
is taking the social work licensure exam today . 
passed the social work licensure exam with 2 hours to spare ! Rock on !! 
wouldn't mind if any of you insisted on giving her an hour massage ... just saying . 
is a cover letter writing fool . 
No one should die because they can't afford health care , or go broke because they can't afford health care ! If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Dear Log-shaped Animal , please stop licking the floor . I just cleaned it for the housewarming party . 
Housewarming party success . Thanks to everyone who made it fantastic ! 
has a pounding headache , so I'm trying to stay off the computer despite my addiction to the internet . 
has figured out what's going on . I have a hangover . I can't believe it . ONE glass of chardonnay with dinner . ONE ! WTF ?? 
remembers today the many victims of 9/11 , including those who were lost in the towers and those who have been lost in years of aggressive military policies seeking retribution for an act that cannot be reversed . 
has pink walls , and she wants to paint them white ( primer ) . No color anymore , she wants them to turn white ... 
wants to know if anyone knows a judge ( in the Albuquerque area ) that will come to your location to officiate . 
is chasing her dog and pinching his butt ( just lightly ) . 
has an interview tomorrow ! 
Got offered a job on the spot at her interview !!! Wheeeeeeeee !!! 
Hopes < PROPFIRST > feels better ... and that I don't get sick either . 
Is enjoying her boyfriend being at home , despite him being a bit under the weather . 
is hoping for dessert ... and coffee ! 
Is wondering whether she wants to keep her last name or not ... Hmmm ... 
Is a bit tired after her first day at work . 
loves her dog but maybe not his smell . 
likes her job . It's kind of nice to feel useful . 
just signed a contract that says she's getting married at the Albuquerque Botanical Garden's Ceremonial < PROPFEMALE > Garden ! 
Wants to know if you know a great Albuquerque wedding photographer . 
Has an event that is beginning to actually look like a wedding . 
Should stop thinking about creating a perfectly diversified investment portfolio and go to bed already . 
is sick . 
is sick and hoping that snuggling with the animal and blankets will make her better . 
Have a blessed Samhain !! 
Is thinking about honeymooning in Mexico ... Thoughts ? Suggestions ? Oaxaca ? Mexico City ? Puerto Vallarta ? 
Is angry with herself . 
is sick , and I'm keeping my cold at home on Monday . 
would like to announce that my fiance may be in the running for boyfriend of the week . He went to get my prescription from the Walgreens near my work ( across town ) , brought me home some chicken soup for dinner , made me hot chocolate and gave me a foot rub . 
Well , my fiance may be winning the Boyfriend of the Week , but my dog decided that it would be a good idea to drink my coffee while I ran to get a tissue . 
Gobble , gobble , goo and gobble , gobble , giggle . I wish that turkey only cost a nickel . 
Turkey for the girls . Turkey for the boys . My favorite kinds of pants are cordoroys . 
Is not ashamed to say that she has rainbow lights on her bush , and all the neighbors are impressed ! 
You know you're a big sentimental weenie when you're sobbing by the first ten minutes of the movie , \Up . \"" 
Does anyone know a good flower shop ? I'm looking for a place where I can order my wedding bouquet . 
Before you attempt something that can really f*ck up your back , give yourself a preview of the results by lighting yourself on fire . 
Dear Animal , please stop kicking me . You've trained me to only sit on this small square of the couch . Must I scoot over more ? 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
has an awesome job . Social workers ROCK ! 
Freedom is never having to wear pants --- especially if you are doing house renovations ! 
Dear < PROPMALE > , You and the weather gods can make it snow all you want in < PROPMALE > , but you're messing with me and Albuquerque with your plain bad aim . 
So here's a question to the straight women : Would you take your partner's last name if you married him ? Why or why not ? 
While my fiance is fighting with < PROPMALE > the Eagle , I'm looking for tea with < PROPMALE > the Goat . 
gets married really , really soon . 44 days soon . Woohoo ! 
< PROPFIRST > had me go through an Easter Egg hunt throughout our house to surprise me with the letter scramble message \1 Big Green Egg\ " We're getting a kick ass barbecue grill and tandoor !!!! YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! " 
My church is my breakfast table , set with an offering of blackberry waffles , strong coffee , and orange juice . The furry black-robed priest snuggles with our feet as we share a communion of sweet looks , warm touches , and murmers of the morning . It's a traditional Easter . 
has had a Big Green Egg success ! Yay for my new grill ! 
has 17 more days to check \single\ " on questionairres with marital status items . " 
Bring on the Moose-ness ! The honeymoon has been booked ! 
has decided on her name . 
So < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are well ........ you know ..... Newt Gingrich is on his THIRD marriage , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? REALLY ?? Feel free to copy and paste if you agree ! 
will be Ms. Treibel in 3 days ! 
Had her first Bridezilla Moment . No , my dry cleaners , you do not need to clean my wedding dress in the moonlight , as it is caressed by dancing virgins . It's a plain raw silk dress . Get er done ! 
was the bride in the most beautiful wedding to the most wonderful partner ! 
It's so surreal to have the wedding over ! We're married , and I'm signing sometimes as Treibel and sometimes as Flores .... This is going to take some getting used to ! 
< PROPFIRST > and I made calzones tonight . Yum ! 
Indian food on the grill . Yeah , we rock . 
Happy Mothers ' Day to all the mothers out there , \ 
whether your children are two-legged or four-legged and furry . \ 
Although , I suppose some mothers have children that are two-legged and furry ... \ 
Nevermind . Happy Mothers ' Day ! 
is slow smoking a chicken ... It's barbecue time ! 
Loves her partner , back massages , and hot chocolate , probably in that order . 
Married life is just like single life , only now people ask me if I'm pregnant . Bizarre . 
loves that she has chosen a foodie partner ! 
Just finished the pork butt rub ! Since barbecue season started , we've had one-track minds . 
has too much stuff to do before the honeymoon . Will someone please go to work for me while I get all my last minute items ? You'll have my undying affection . 
is either having an allergy moment or a sinus infection ( and the doc has no idea either way ! ) . In any case , I'm hoping this will be cleared up before the honeymoon begins . I don't want to see moose and sound like one too . 
feels like poo . Hopefully < PROPFIRST > will come home to take care of me soon . 
loves her husband . 
is going on the honeymoose ... er ... honeymoon . 
wants the three day weekend to begin now . Oh well . 
Pizza making is on the horizon . Welcome , long weekend ! 
has her honeymoon footage posted ! No , not that type of footage . 
Monsieur Sun , you have been overly zealous today . My car's thermometer registered 109 . You need a break from Albuquerque . I hear Australia calling you . Go over there . 
It feels odd when you call SCI to report abuse and neglect so often that you are starting to know the operators and greet them on friendly terms . 
will probably end up putting the veterinarian's grandkids through grad school at this point , but I love my dog . He needs to feel better soon . 
Dear Mommy Feelings , please go away until a more convenient time . Thanks . 
Quote from my beloved : \Diablo is much more challenging when you're intoxicated . \"" 
has a wonderful husband who brought her home a < PROPFIRST>'s Devil . Mmmmmmmm ! 
is delightfully not pregnant ! 
Well , at least the dog enjoyed the < PROPFEMALE > Garden's salmon dish ... 
The Big Green Egg is getting fired up ! Pizza with our homemade sauce from our garden vegetables ! 
Has a wonderful husband who is making her dessert after he made dinner and landscaped the yard . 
Holy eggwhite , Batman ! 
had some fantastic chianti over dinner ... and then the lights went out ! Yeeeeeeee ! 
is pissed . 
Autumn begins today , at 10:22 pm ? How did we get so precise ? \ 
\ 
Ding ! Autumn's here ! 
The goat at the fair stole my cup of food and tried to eat it , cup and all . Awww ... It's like falling in love all over again . 
wants to know if anyone else blushes when they see those Shake Weight commercials . 
loves , loves , loves October ! 
has a dishwasher on life support . 
The dishwasher lives ! 
My mother asked me when we are having babies ... Good Lord , it's beginning already ! 
was having a really romantic Indian dinner with her husband , while at a nearby table , a couple was attempting to both eat dinner and plead with their little daughter to not run around the restaurant . It made me think that maybe it's a really good thing to have a few years between now and the parenting stage ! 
has a husband that was willing to build a fire in the woodstove in honor of my love of the Halloween ambiance . No , it's not a dark and < PROPFEMALE > night , but he lovingly pretends it is ( and is probably sweating like a pig ) . 
Best . Holiday . Ever . 
Challenge : Post something you are thank for \ 
everyday until Thanksgiving . \ 
I am thankful for my master's degree . 
Challenge : Post something you are thank for everyday\ 
until Thanksgiving . \ 
I am thankful for my husband . \ 
I am thankful for my dog . 
Is thankful that she has a home . 
I am thankful for warm , fuzzy slippers . 
I am thankful for birth control . Tomorrow , I will be very thankful for painkillers . 
Is very very thankful for my < PROPFEMALE > Cycle Tea and painkillers . The IUD is in ! 
Is thankful for her mom . Yay , Mom ! 
Is very thankful that I am sleeping safely and soundly in my bed tonight . It's because of you all veterans out there on watch that I can do that . Thank you all . 
is thankful that she has a roaring fire in the wood stove and a cup of cocoa to enjoy with her < PROPFEMALE > family . 
is thankful for having been born into the particular race , class , country , and socioeconomic status that has allowed me to have privileges that I did not earn myself . While I do not condone the violence in history that led to my privilege , I want to take a moment to recognize those who have bled , sweated , and cried to produce the luxuries that I enjoy . 
Is thankful for Archer . I love that show . 
I am thankful that my husband and I have our jobs . 
I am thankful for hot tea on a cold evening . 
I am thankful for a healthy family . 
is thankful for four day weekends . 
Is thankful that she has not lost her sense of humor or liberal use of the f-word . 
is happy to report that she was not one of those \ 
crazy people standing outside in the freezing ass cold waiting for a \ 
store to open . 
Is watching Jesus Camp . It reminds me of my \ 
childhood . Dear god , indeed . 
has a cold , but she has a lovey dog warming her lap by her feet . Cold nose ! Warm heart ! 
is wrapped up in a blanket and drinking hot chocolate on this cold night . 
Six days until Christmas left , and zero presents purchased . Yikes . 
The presents are bought and wrapped , and the stockings are stuffed . Now , let's hope the dog doesn't tear down his stocking to get to the treats . 
Happy faintly disguised Pagan Holiday . 
watching the Chapelle Show with my < PROPFEMALE > family . Finally , it's Christmas the way I want it . 
Babies . Babies . Everywhere . It must be something in the water . 
Best Quote of the Day : \ 
\[I am ] amazed at how something like being unable to clasp a necklace can start your day in a funk . But then after I accidentally dropped the necklace I looked down and saw my amazing rack - then things started to seem better . \ " ( Courtesy of < PROPFIRST > Spraker ) " 
Is drunk ... and being served cocoa . Yay , husband ! 
loves Penn and Teller's \Bullshit . \"" 
and her husband just made whole wheat blueberry scones . Awesomeness with awesome sauce . 
was sad to discover that her neighborhood considers a goat as \livestock\ " and would therefore not allow her to have an urban goat for her backyard . " 
True test of maturity : You don't giggle when someone mentions Gobbler's Knob . \ 
Result : Fail 
is becoming an auntie as we speak . 
< PROPFIRST > was born at about 5 o'clock this evening . Yay ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day : Bring on the sex and booze . 
Has had it with 10 and 12 hour days . Ugh ! 
Brownies ... Mmmmmm ! 
Poll : What is the best age for a female to have a baby ? Why ? 
Craigslist be praised ! We bought sexy couches . 
