got smashed in the face by a < PROPFEMALE > . yes , < PROPFEMALE>'s tend to < PROPFEMALE > forward and pummel one's face when above said idiot and when they're made 93% of pure EVIL !!!!!!! 

We'll miss ya Coach < PROPFIRST > Brown 
What did the 0 say to the 8 ? . . . . . . . Nice belt 
You're last name should be Campbells , cus your mmmm ... GOOD 
A man without a woman is like a neck without pain 
tis be falling rainlets outside , still . 
just finished a pint of ice cream in roughly 10 mins . i want more !!! 
i am fireman 
sucks and monopoly and lost at life . couldn't get any better 
is pondering why the word \abbreviation\ " is such a long word " 
is infatuated with cocoa pebbles 
still laughs at the < PROPMALE > Cook jokes 
Kayne is at the top of my hit list . 
finally done with Comp Sci stuff . Now if only i felt like doing astrology 
SOODOOMAAAHHHHEEEEEEY ! ( sodomy ) 
blah blah blah your needs . 
playing scrabble . learning words that i never knew were real 
beat some peeps in Scrabble . yeah we're cool 
loves sleeping in 
expresses much gratitude towards those who wished him happiness on his day of birth 
playing Apples to Apples , then doing many shenanigan-like things til i feel lazy 
i fucking love < PROPFIRST > Colbert 
. . . . SUPERCALIFRAGILISTICEXPIALIDOCIOUS ! 
having the utmost random conversations with < PROPFEMALE > Schmieder makes my days 
i totally just used the force 5 mins ago . 
I grr in the general proclivity of homework and its voracious lust for constant affection . 
Remember , remember the fifth of November of gunpowder , treason and plot . I know of no reason why gunpowder and treason should ever be forgot ... 
is glad for university police , at least aat this moment . 
vanilla milkshakes . . . . . NOM SLURP NOM 
\Today we lost power at my school . Everyone was silent in the darkness until my friend laughed maniacally and shouted \ " At last the tables have turned ! \ " He is blind . MLIA \"" 
is infatuated with < PROPFIRST>'s house of pure awesomeness and whatnot 
believes if a class says its a prereq for another class , then there shouldn't be any problems . 
Haikus are easy . But sometimes they don't make sense . Refrigerator . 
< PROPFIRST > and Steph found a ninja hiding spot in the dorm area . Ability to survive the future zombie apocolypse - check ! 
DONE WITH COMP . Thank you , Baby Jesus !!!!! 
And done with Astronomy . 3 finals to go . 
Riddle for your thoughts : I am the center of gravity , hold a capital situation in Vienna , and as I am foremost in every victory , am allowed by all to be invaluable . Though I am invisible , I am clearly seen in the midst of a river . I could name three who are in love with me and have three associates in vice . It is vain that you seek me for I have long been in heaven yet even now lie embalmed in the grave . What am I ? 
See if you can translate the following ? Y Y U R Y Y U B I C U R Y Y 4 M E Don't look it up . Try to figure it out . 
See if you can translate the following ? Y Y U R Y Y U B I C U R Y Y 4 M E Try to figure it out without looking up the answer 
wishes either his last exam would burst into ashes or that the professor would just give me an A . Preferably the first one . Would be interesting to see a test just sponatneously combust . 
Realizes he could never be a MR . Mom and is currently wondering how brains can function before 8:00 am . 
conducted a band of little < PROPFEMALE > tingers ( i have no idea what they are called , but they are easily annoying ) to random christmas songs for 30 - 45 straight minutes . 
if you're easily amused , jellotime.com is for you . Just spent like 20 mins enjoying it . 
loves to sneak sneak sneak 
Thunderbolt and lightning , very , very fright'ning me . . . 
The Lost Symbol - < PROPFIRST > Brown was a decent book . Anyone agree or disagree ? 
renaissance fair = freakin amazing . can't wait to go back next year 
apparently i look like < PROPFIRST > heder . any comments ? 
Go to urbandictionary.com type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and put the first and best entry in your comments underneath . 
SHIPOOPI SHIPOOPI . . . 
Huzzah ! 
yawn 
\I find your lack of faith disturbing . \"" 
\A hundred bad guys with swords \"" 
Be wary , for today is Velociraptor Awareness Day 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes ! 
Remember , remember the Fifth of November , \ 
Of Gunpowder Treason and Plot . \ 
I know of no reason , \ 
Why the Gunpowder Treason , \ 
Should ever be forgot . 
is extremely happy that he recieved a totally awesome shirt for Flatmate Christmas 
< PROPMALE > Collins IS A MASTER OF MUSIC ! lol 
