man , just got 2 Nolflok Va .... and tired . bored 2 . 

Nolfolk , VA ....... my new duty station 4 da navy ... ( 4 those of u who dont know y im n Nolfolk ) 
Ive heard that u should never wish 4 time 2 fly because then it will fly rite pass u . Well i find myself wishing that time would pick up its wings and fly lewving me n its dust . I feel as if im losing myself waiting on it all 2 b over . at the pace its goi 
=( y doesnt anyone sign on aim anymore ? or yahoo messenger ? im far away fro home and on my spare time i would like 2 talk 2 some friends but its beeter if its by messenger but non of u lil fuckers want 2 get on anymore . y is dat ? im going through a huge c 
MitsukaiNS ( AIM ) ..... shumanniesha ( YAHOO ) ....mitsukai_NS@hotmail.com ( WINDOWS MESSENGER ) hit me up .... random ppl 2 .... 
My head hurts like a bitch rite now . o god . make it go away . the horror the horrorrrrrrrrrrrr ................ 
my headache is gone 4 now ..... the rooms here are hot as shit . i think dat has sumthing 2 do with the headache cause i just took a cold showa and the headache went away . just like that but now that im out and getting hot again its cuming bac . damnit 
post ur scores please ... by comment 
WOW i almost wish i worked all day because there isnt anything u can do here without an car . It sucks . VA BORING !!! 
mysteries ...... funny how we walk the path of our life and never notice the scenery arounds ... 2 afraid 2 look around thinkin that we could lost or get eating by a wolf . well ive decided 2 say fuck da path im climbing a tree 2 c just wats out there . wat do u say ... wanna join me ? 
i thought i had given up the search but apparently im still looking ..... i wonder what ill find .... 
-huge sigh- can anyone really b this inlove withsomeone at my age and so little real experience in life ? Idk how but i love him so much that it hurts at times . I love him so intensely that < PROPFEMALE > we make love i sumtimes cry alil its so beautiful . can anyone tell me if thats natural ? or am i just as weird as everyone say i am ...... 
o god ... i cant wait . heading home 2 c my baby 2morrow . YAY i love him so much plus im extremely n need of some loving . XD 
XD so im now 19 . getting old . went home for my b-day and got 2 see my heart again . i do love him so much . back 2 my station in < PROPFEMALE > and wishing 2 b with him again . 
so i dont hate the navy as much as i did a month ago . i made a good dicision n joining because its a good start towards the future i want . dont get me wrong ..... i cant wait until i get the hell out but i can say that its lil better than i thought it b4 . 
its funny < PROPFEMALE > i dink of it . most of my life i didnt allow any 2 get close 4 fear of a loyalty let down but dere came a time < PROPFEMALE > i allowed myself 2 open just alil 2 c how it may turn out . i made my own friends and i choose em because i felt i could trust em . dat i could show em who i am and know dat dey will love me . now yrs lata theyre still dere 4 me . i love em so much . thank u guys 4 being dere 4 me . 
i miss being apart of that snicker bar . with < PROPFIRST > and germain . i miss my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . And J < PROPFIRST > the jet plane . 
i miss my sweetheart so much . he makes me so happy . :D i love him . 
Im not a mean person . I dont act as if im the shit . I dont treat ppl fucked up just because i can and < PROPFEMALE > im a bitch its with good reason ...... so y do ppl insist on fucking with me ... on pissing me off ? do they rlly want me 2 snap ? there is this bitch that if i found her im going fuck her world up . im going 2 take great pleasure n fuckin up her face . I CAN NOT WAIT . 
So ive cum 2 a big conclusion . I HAVE NO LIFE !!!! how depressing . plus i read 2 damn much . its really a bad addiction . its gotten 2 a point that if i have nothing 2 read i panic . -_- \ im totally serious . i guess if im not reading i start 2 think bout my life and everything becums drepressing . -shakes head- how sad is that ? " 
he found me and was meant 2 help me live again ... at least i thought . but it turns out we found eachother and he needs me just as much i need him . he seems so strong 2 me so how could ive ever know when hes been hiding it from me ..... how could ive not noticed .... time 2 change that . 
O MY FUCKING GOD .... I GOT 2 PEE SO FUCKING BAD IM GOING 2 DIE . but im at barnes and < PROPMALE > and if i get up ill lose my plug in spot and i dont want 2 leave me labtop . =( i want 2 cry . AHHHH im going 2 explode . XD mayb ill pay da lil kid next 2 me 2 watch it 4 me ....... 
O GOD THAT FELT GOOD !!! 
No money . Well no way 2 get money . =( this so gay . i wish i knew who the bitch was dat caused this . i will make her wish she had never joined da navy . fucking bitch . 
yep ive noticed my change of language 2 . -shakes head- cant b helped . FUCK is da navys favorite word . seriously . walk on a ship and all u here is MAN FUCK THIS SHIT or THIS IS FUCKING STUPID .... I HATE THE FUCKING SHIT .... U THIS JOB ... FUCK U .. FUCK HIM ... FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK . my favorite ..... MAN FUCKING FUCK THIS FUCKING SHIT . XD 
dreams .... fantasies .. how do u handle em < PROPFEMALE > they dont work out ? < PROPFEMALE > they sum 2 impossible 2 be true ? can u trust em ? can i trust the fantasies of an lonely lil girl deperate 4 sum form .. any form of happiness ? can i trust this part of me that seems 2 b reaching 4 me ? it never goes away ... never lets up . how can i live n this world if my minds stuck in its own world ... an world so different from the one in front of me . 
i need some new clothes ... something 2 make me feel sexier .... my hair done ... and some good ass sex with my baby . :( 
man im tired . have been alot . do know wat am doing anymore ... -sigh- . just going with watever goes during day . figured dats wat ive got 2 do . at least 4 now . bored . most da time . i need sumthing but wat .....? besides my baby anyway . 
i know i sound depressed and mayb i am . theres always something 2 feel like shit bout . i actually cant remember a time i havnt been depressed bout sumthing . mayb i like feeling dis way .... idk but i know dat i never trust just being happy . life doesnt seem rite if am completely happy . sad huh ? i wonder y dats so ...... 
Loneliness is lone ; solitary ; without company ; companionless . U ever sit in a room full of ppl .. joking and laughing ... u included and still fill empty ... completely alone . 2 feel as if ur just standing apart . dat ur isolated even < PROPFEMALE > ur rite in the middle of dat group of ppl ? da feelin is so dispiriting . so demoralizing . how do u get bac up from such an lowerin feeling ? 
sick . caught a cold and i feel like shit . takin my italian lessons rite now . im doing pretty good with it . with the saying and understanding it . not so much with the writing and reading of it . havnt really studied dat much . 
feeling betta thank u . im n a ok mood . 
Going home on the 9 ...... -screams- i cant wait . XD I get 2 b with my baby again . Not being with him was killing me . -jumps up and down- im totally gonna rape his sexy ass . CANT CANT CANT WAIT !!!!!! 
No duty this weekend . Wish i was old enough 2 get wasted . 
im tired as shit . can wait 2 get sum sleep . im staying in andd sleeping late . plus im feeling alil nauses . =( keeps cuming and going .... ive caught sum kind of bug . gahhh .... y do i keep getting sick . dis sucks . 
Headache headache headache ..... please ...... go away . PLEASE !!!! 
OMG !!!..... YAy . im on my way home 2morro . Cant wait . get 2 c and b with my sweetheart again . O god ... its killing me . I love him so much . < PROPMALE > , love , ( 2morro ) im on my way home 2 u . 
Home home at last ... now its time 4 me 2 go bac 2 VA . but its ok .... the last 2 days has been great . got 2 c my < PROPMALE > . i love my baby . 
confession . my minds filled with so many thoughts so much feelings . i cant seem 2 focus one which i want 2 understand or feel first . i cant seem 2 understand myself . i barely know who i am let alonne wat i want . -sigh- how am i suppose 2 go on < PROPFEMALE > i cant c wats n front of me and i keep looking behind me ? im stuck in a moment utter confession . 
no cuming home for thanksgiving . ={ it sucks . but i will b home thankfully 4 christmas ... and i want nothing more than 2 get heavily tasted ..... AGAIN !!! hopefully not 2 da point of sickness of last times drinking episode ... but somewhere near there . PLZ ... i think i need it . 
Halloween went good . went 2 an party and got alil drunk ... not 2 mmuch 2 b sick . thank god . it was ok . at least i didnt have 2 work ... haha bivens =P 
somethings u just cant change bout yo self no matter how much u try . dis thing bout me has become a big pain and my ass and is ever so confusing . drive me 2 distraction . hope it doesnt make me do something i reget . 
I finally watcehd twilight and loved it . < PROPFEMALE > got 2 read da book cause a couple ppl ruin it 4 me .. one annoying fan girl mostly but i gave n2 watching da movie 2day ... ( late i know ) and rlly liked it . 2 bad i couldnt enjoy da book as much . 
never forget ur past .... it helps u remember who u r inside . 
=( my cpus being mean 2 me . it doesnt want 2 wont . -huge sigh- so i have 2 take it 2 b looked at .... my poor < PROPMALE > is all sicky . 
Can we change .... an we change not only da way we look or da way we speak but ... dat lil part nside of .... dat part we hate ... yet love ? can i change da way i think .. da way i was born 2 b ... would dat make it all betta ? easier 4 me 2 live happily ? 
im HOME .... yes yes yes .... in savannnah , GA . so happy 
man ... bored out bof my everlasting mind ..... i hate dat . cum home just 2 go bac 2 being as bored as i was b4 . .... and this is wat caused me 2 join da navy .... sad 
i need sumthing 2 happen ... sumthing intense 
men r so irratating ...... i dont know y i bother .... nvm .. dats a lie . i love sex and there so fucking cute 
< PROPFEMALE > XMAS !!!!!!! 
thank youn for the chicken < PROPFEMALE > 
going bac 2 va 2morro 
Heading bac 2 VA .... ={ i dont wanna go . 
HAPPY HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYBODY . =] 
Theres something new about me and i cant tell rather i like the change or not . but i can say im going 2 love this huge changed ive been promised will b happening b4 this year is up . lets hope i handle it very well . 
How do u know when something is da rite thing 2 say .. da rite thing 2 do ? wat do u listen 2 in situations of love ? ur heart or ur head ? wat my heart wanted seemed unreal and my head tried 2 b sensible . my head tellin my heart dat n da end this was da rite choice . o but it hurts .... how long must my heart take dis pain b4 it gets better ? b4 it seems like da rite choice ... how long ? 
time 2 move forward 
Sometimes the hardest decisions to make are the right ones even though our hearts break in the process . push though it and live on . take wat the world throws at u and move forward no matter wat . 
nvm bout the rite shit being da hardest ..... if it hurts and doesnt feel rite then it must not b rite . try something else 
i cant seem 2 stop loving him . 
OMG .... Cowichan , MD ... has less in it than Savannah , GA . Visiting with a friends family and it aint nothing to do . I mean im even taking da time to post this message . i only do dis < PROPFEMALE > im half bored to death . 
y r somethings just so hard to let go but things dat shouldnt b forgiven r forgiven almost as soon as it happened ? 
OMFG i got sprayed with OC spray today . ( for those who dont know , dats highly concentracted pepper spray like 5x worst ) anyway , dat shit suck < PROPMALE > ass yo . da navy is crazy if ima b sprayin ppl with dat shit . i dont wanna wish dat kind of pain on anyone . save dat shit for a NAVY SEALS . no but rlly it sucked but if it came down to it being seCurity for my sip is # one . if a fool wants to feel it than hell , dats them . 
there r somethings u just dont talk about .... things u never tell about ... somethings u never let it b known u noticed . so watch ur words ... u can never know how it may affect someones life . 
Here it goes ... Big Step . Colllege . i know i know . for sum dat step is old ... for me MISS NAVY .. college is my new step . 2 yrs after high school ... and i finaal got where i needed to b n da navy so dat they'll let me get started . YAY .... Creative Writing here i cum . XD 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . 
home . yay !!! 
-huge sigh- leaving now ... bac to VA and my dreadfully disappointing navy life . im rlly gonna miss my baby . Later < PROPMALE > my love . =( 
moving forward ... =) 
chicken booty 
< PROPMALE > your dreams .... never let them die 
WTF ...... BAC ON LAND AND EVERYTHINGS GOING CRAZY . MONEY .... DATS ALWAYS DA PROBLEM . 
Just woke and I'm still tired . Sucks but I rlly don't wanna sleep me day away so I'm gettin up and drinkin a shit ton of coffee . 
HATE is baggage that's to heavy for my lazy ass to < PROPFEMALE > around . 
I'm Alive ...... XD YAY !! 
if u asked me to describe my life rite n ow in one word then i wouldnt knoow wat da fcuk to say but i can say im doin rlly well with pullin myself out of dat whole of despair i lived n so long and im developing n2 someone even more beautiful and open minded < PROPFIRST > i was b4 . YAY FOR MOVING FORWARD . 
yay sheldons cuming to va tomorro to c me . XD i cant wait . gotta get through these long ass watches tonite and ill b good . hopefully i dont become impatient and make working tonite even longer than it already is .... pray dat tonite is speedy for me plz ...... 
I should let everyone dat my desperate need 2 get out da navy has less 2 d0 my hatin it and more 2 do with me knowin its not 4 me and I could b doin wat is 4 me 
1 thing I hate most is wasting my time . Dese 2yrs I have left n da navy is just dat ... a waste . I'm ready 2 move on . Like NOW . I wanta b my own person again . 
Going out 2 sea tomorro ... rather b going home 2 my heart ... sheldon . -sigh- good thing dis one won't take long . 
I miss my < PROPMALE > . =[ 
Bac on land ... I'm not 2 sure how I feel bout dat ... considering my life here n lame va . 
Tired as hell 
I realize every day < PROPFEMALE > i go somewhere or meet someone new dat ive grown quite abit . And i love dat . i feel i have a even greater unstanding of the world around me and its such a beautiful thing . im so glad im not sum closed minded bitch ... otherwise i wouldnt b able to look pass wats n front of me and see all da shit inside . shit not everyone can c . 
Later sav ..... on da way bac 2 my lil hell 
its fucking freezing .... and lucky me im working 2dayt .... christmas ... and da day after . GAY !!!!!! 
Bah Humbug !!!!! 
Tired .... sick ... and bored out of my mind . < PROPFEMALE > f .. ing christmas 
Home at last 
So everyone 2day is my last day at home for 6 and half long months . And < PROPFEMALE > i get bac there r gonna b some big changes in the lives of most my family . I can't wait . i'll try and keep this < PROPFEMALE > updated as much as i can while im out 2 c but ..... wat can u do . later ppls . though i got wk after leaving SAV b4 i go out . 
Bye now SAV ..... LOVE U GUYS 
Made it 2 va and wishing I could hope bac on a plane home . 
No cqr no game no laptop ..... stuck on dis cold as ship bored as hell . Fun 
Can't sleep . Wish I was still sharin sheldons bed . I miss him . 
-sigh- dont know wat 2 do with myself on my time off . sucks .... just want 2 get it started already so dat we can b on our way home with all da newly saved money . wouldnt feel so down rite now if a certain someone wasnt being such a inconsiderate ass . 
Idk wats wrong with me but I can't seem 2 get enough sleep 2 save my life . I'm just unusually tired as hell . 
Todays the day ppl . Off 2 sea . Blah ..... don't know how I feel bout dat . Just know ... I DON'T WANT 2 LEAVE AND B WITHOUT MY BABY .... :[ < PROPMALE > I miss u already . 
