I am so ready to go back to school tommorrow ! I am getting tired of sitting around . 

I had a good day at school to day . I never thought I would learn so much about the human body . Work is great to , just can't wait for that first pay check . 
I'm so glad i got off work at 3 . No super bowl rush for me . YAY ! 
i'm so ready to go back to school . i need something t do during the day . 
My mid term got moved to next wednesday instead of it being tomorrow , YAY ! Hope i get an A 
I only got a B on my midterm , i'm very unhappy with that . I don't think i could have studied any harder . 
I had my Final today , and i totally ACED that shit . I Got An A ! I only missed 2 questions . 98% . YYYYYYEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!! 
I got my hair done this saturday , i feel like a new women . The last of him is finally gone . I fainally feel like me again . 
Hey , Everyone I got my massage table , so if you want a massage just let me know . 
Hey ya'll , i'm off on saturday again and i don't have to be at work untill 4 the next day . We should go out again this weekend ! 
went out last night with friends and partied hard , it was so much fun . Can't wait to go out agian . 
I had my hands on final yesterday , and i got a 100 percent !!! YES !!!! I am going to be the best massage therapist ever . ;) 
Please ask me anything , send me anonymous questions ! make sure to click the link : http://ama.honestybox.com/i/100000691784868 
Last night was fun everybody ! I hope we can all do it agian sometime . 
YOU CAN'T BE INTELLIGENT WITHOUT BEING CRAZY , BUT YOU CAN BE CRAZY WITHOUT BEING INTELLIGENT 
:) 
I don't understand why people insist on driving in the rain with their head lights off . Its like hello i can't F***ING see you ! It really makes me want to just hit them anyway ! Other than that i really love the rain . 
Uuuggghhhh ! leaving for work . I don't want to go ! Please let it be slow ! 
If I'm not first then your last ! 
I get off work at Eleven tonight . Finally a day i work that i don't have to close . YAY ! 
Life . Its full of CRAZIES and INTERESTING ! 
It amazes me how high school drama doesn't stop after high school . I thought most people would have grown up by now . Huummm , guess thats life , ain't it . 
I don't see it as I'm talking about you behind your back , you just don't happen to be there to hear what I am saying . We all know i will say in front of your face what i would say when you not there . 
I got less and less fertile with each second I spent at < PROPMALE > E Cheese's this evening ! 
Ok I need to retract a statement . I invited everyone to the West Inn for my birthday on the 10th . The bar is the West End . I don't know why I said Inn , i knew better . Brain fart ! So remember everyone it is the West End . 
Thank You All ! I'm going to PARTY HARDY this year ! 
It was BITCHEN WEEKEND !!! 
Wild River Country 25th Birthday Celebration Only $8.99 \ 
Location : Wild River Country\ 
Time : 10:00 AM Saturday , July 31st . \ 
\ 
It is $8.99 after 3 p.m. 
I'm tired of people who think they are the best friend in the world , but are really just full of shit and to conserned with themselves to care about you . 
If your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend or just the best Dad ever , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Dad . 
Everybody wish me luck at work tonight . I hope i make good tips . 
Ok who came to my house looking for me tonight ? If you know where i live you should have my number . This is really bothering me , becuae I can not figure out who it was . 
Guys tip your pizza delevery driver . That fee you get charged for the delivery well we don't get that , and i risked my life like 25 times last night to get people their pizza to not get tipped . The biggest tip i go last night was from my parents . Thanks guys . So i guess if you are to broke to tip well then maybe you should'nt be ordering pizza in the first f***ing place . 
< PROPFEMALE > Cook WARNING : i have seen every bones , csi , ncis , law in order any crime show u can name , \ 
&& trust me i can make you death look like a accident (: \ 
just saying . 
Never drinking again ! I feel so ashamed of myself ! 
By the way my phone is broken so i no longer have anyones number . 
My phone is broke so i nolonger have anyones number . My number is still the same but if you text me and i say who is this , that is why . Not because i deleted you . 
I really hate my life some days . 
Not feeling well today and it sucks . I'm sick because my boss came to work sick yesterday . People if you are sick please stay home . 
I still feel like crap . 
To everyone else who is sick out there hope you feel better . 
Nothing better than hot chocolate when you are sick . 
Happy Thanksgiving Everbody ! 
Taking my state board exam today . If I pass I become a massage thearpist , and I will . ( being positve ) :) 
I DID IT ! I PASSED MY STATE BOARD EXAM ! YAY ! 
TO ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS !! Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to HONOR a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ? Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx 24 hours after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family . 
I passed my law exam ! Now I just need a TB test and hopfully I can get my Massage Therapy License . YAY ! 
Got a new motorola back flip phone ! Yay ! I'm so excited ! Thanks mom . 
Does anyone know of anyone trying to sell a car that is not that expensive and runs ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone 
I need my fontierville neighbors to come visit my frontier so i can finish a mission . I just need three neighbors . 
I wish some times some people could get the point . 
Its so slow at work ! 
No one tiping tonight . FYI , I don't get that two dollar covinience you get charged for a delivery . Pizza Hut gets that , and for what , Its not their gas they are using . Being 3 dollars a gallon now and all . 
I'M A BITCH ! .. Unfortunately most women won't re-post this . I'm a handful , I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best . If you're a bitch re-post this .. I dare you . I'll be looking for the ladies who re-post ...? 
My Massage Therapy License is coming in the mail . I will be a certified Massage Therapist soon . YAY ! 
I love football food ! 
I finally got my Massage Therapy License in the mail . YAY ! This means i can give a massage and actually get paid for it . YAY ! 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy .. but you will ALWAYS love them . Re- post if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are ! 
Having a good time with friends ! 
Tired of listening to people complain about their lives . Quit the bitching and f**king fix the problem already . You are the only one who can . 
Government announced they are going to give £ 60,000,000 to Pakistan . We have troops maimed & dying through lack of equipment , servicemen living on the street's with pathetic MOD pensions , people being denied life saving drugs & a HUGE national debt ; Yet we donate millions that we dont have to other countries before ... helping our own !!! 99% of people on FB wont have the guts to copy & repost this 
Wish I didn't have to work today 
I love pedicures ! 
I have an interview at two this afternoon , everyone wish me luck please ! 
I have a job interview on Monday , and I'm kind of nervous . I really hope I get the job b/c looking for a job sucks , and I rrrreeeaaaaaaalllllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyy want to quit working at pizza hut ! 
I think I might have gotten a job !!!!!! YAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
How the hell do you get sick in spring ? 
Job interview at 2 . Wish me luck . 
Can't wait to start my new job Tuesday ! 
Start my new job today !!!!!!!! 
Can someone tell me where I can buy Edgefest Tickets ?! PLEASE !!!!!! 
