so ... whats the big deal about this facebook ? 

Relaxing all day , 
Watched The Boondock Saints 1 for the first time , now thats a movie , going to go watch The Boondock Saints 2 right now . 
Rest for now then out to : Dip Dive feat . Will I Am , APL . DE . AP , < PROPMALE > AOKI , : Then after that going to :: Birthday Event for Tank & Tyrese @ MyHouse with a Performance by Slim of 112 . :: its going to be a good night ! 
What a day , Event Planning , Avatar IMAX 3D , Ra Sushi then < PROPMALE>'s Bar in Chino ... It feels good to be me ! 
\I've got sunshine on a cloudy day . When it's cold outside I've got the month of May . \"" 
Club My House , Hollywood Tonight for my friends bday celebration Poppin that ace of spades and magnum bottles then tomorrow my friend < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is hosting Battle of the GOGO's at Sevilla , Riverside . 
When I started flirtin with the hustle failure became my ex , now im engaged to the game and married to success . 
Congratulations to my boy for getting The Standard Hotel accounts , we’re going to be throwing parties on the rooftop this summer !!! That’s the way to Hustle . 
Going to get Fingerprinted at Citrus College at 1 in the Life Long Learning Center . I'm almost done getting the things needed for my new job !! If you're going to be out at Citrus around 1 hit me up ! 
I text : And here I am thinking I found a nice nerdy girl , but your really just a man eater in a good girl body . < PROPFEMALE > Contreras text's: No I'm more of a man nibbler ... I don't have the heart to eat them unless they really piss me off ! haha < PROPFEMALE>'s good times , Alright im off to get some rest before Red Nightclub in Newport tonight !! 
A Week Break before my new job , I'm going to make it count :::: Thurs- Party Bus at Woody’s Newport to ChErch Lounge : Fri to Sat - Lake Perris to < PROPFEMALE > out with lil cuz : Sat- Red Nightclub Newport : Sun- Ra SUSHI Chino Hills : Mon- Donate Cloths to Goodwill : Tues- CSUF , Sharkeez Huntington Beach : Wed- Brandin Iron San Bernardino : Thurs- Hike to Hollywood Sign , Downtown Fullerton : Friday to Sun - Arizona Trip 
-I wish I was little bit taller , I wish I was a baller , I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her , I wish I had a rabbit in a hat with a bat and a ' 64 Impala . - Thinking about singing I Wish for Karaoke tonight at Sharkeez . 
Every time somebody joins Facebook ... a stalker somewhere grows a pair of wings . 
I'm going in for the first day of the new job and I want to thank : < PROPFIRST > , Phil-E , < PROPMALE > KidsClub , Medos , < PROPFIRST > The Dude , < PROPFIRST > Bam , K dawg , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jenny , Tracey , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > Do , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and Tul . For a great week of late nights and early mornings . You the BEST ! 
At Wokcano lounge in Long Beach for < PROPFEMALE > Romero González 22nd Birthday ! 
I swear this life is like the sweetest thing I’ve ever known\ " , 201 0-0 3-23 03:48:30 " 
There's only one way of life , and that's your own . 
Don't doubt yourself , trust me , u need me . This ain't a shoulder with a chip , or a ego ; But what u think they all mad at me fo' ? 
Triceps & Biceps today , can't move my arms . My trainer is going to have me looking like < PROPFIRST > Crews when he gets done with me . 
Everyday is my day I'ma do it my way everyday ; Everything about me , what they love about me everything . \ " , 201 0-0 4-07 18:34:28 " 
Driving to the job I love in the city I always will rep , with the windows down and the music up loud ... Thank You God for the life I live . 
Just got off work , going to get some sleep then later off to try something that I wanted to do for awhile now . Spoken word poetry , gotta find a good open mic spot though . 
It's Time . 
I once was lost , but now I'm found . Was blind , but now I see . 
There's gon ' be some stuff you gon ' see that's gon ' make it hard to smile in the future . But through whatever you see , through all the rain and the pain , you gotta keep your sense of humor . You gotta be able to smile through all this bullsht . Remember that . 
Just watched Kick-Ass the movie , that cinematography was Killer ! 
Off to enjoy the day with my big sis at the Renaissance Faire , I needed this . 
in Sharkeez in H.B. chillin enjoying Sunday Funday . 
Life is such a beach , its < PROPFIRST > all around me . \ " , 201 0-0 4-21 08:27:54 " 
Damn she text me all day and night , So pissed off she aint even spelling sh-t right . 
On Photoshop for the first time in months working on < PROPFIRST > Belcher's college grad invites . It feels like yesterday I was at his high school grad damn that time flew by . 
If you're unhappy in your current relationship , change it . We are too young to be unhappy ... And that goes for anyone of any age ! by < PROPFEMALE > Rehm 
Just woke up , going shoppin for the red carpet Saturday . Also getting my ticket for Stagecoach this weekend , yeah I know its a country concert ... 
Relaxing before < PROPFIRST > Aldean goes on , infront of the Motorhome ; listening to < PROPMALE > Paisley- Then . 
Go chasing waterfalls . Don't stick to the rivers and the lakes that you're used to . You should have it your way or nothing at all . 
is the reason < PROPMALE > is hiding . 
It might still be April , but I'm living as if it's summer . Concerts , BBQ's and Yacht's . 
Its 1 in the mornin , She callin my phone , She wannna be grown , She said that she lonely , Cause hes never around , Said she like my style . He can lay you down , But imma beat it up . 
humm ... basically Facebook should just be renamed stalker.net, because that's pretty much what it's good for . 
I know what I like , I know what I want and I know how to get it . 
Now we're gonna do this thing a lil different tonight . You gonna come over and pick me up in your ride . You gonna knock , then you gonna wait , Ooh , you gonna take me on a date . 
Sunday Funday on the boat . I hope you have a good one ! 
I'm out in H.B. and N.P. for most of the night hit me up if you're bar hoppin . 
women these days .... 
I won't pretend that Airplanes are like shooting stars , I'll pretend as if I procrastinated and had no motivation . Pretend I just made excuses and always blamed you for my shi . 
Put your car on cruise and lay back cause this is summertime . 
Faded black button up shirt , Faded ripped jeans , Faded black chucks ; this all I need . 
Just woke up , going out to the mt . sac trails with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > to get my sweat on . 
I thank the MD Team for the Great night to come : Ozzie , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Medos Campos , < PROPFIRST > Koh , < PROPFIRST > Mailey , < PROPFIRST > Bustos , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ; It's Just Us !!! 
I couldn't wait for success , so I went ahead without it . ” 
Nights like this where I'm in the office after lights out and can hear the kids trash talk and have me cracking up make me glad I chose to work in a group home and leave the cubical life . 
Does anybody know of a webdesigner familiar with wordpress ? I have a project for them for my DJ . 
\All I can do in life is be who I am . Some people will love me for me . \ 
Hot Tub Time Machine ? Good Times ! 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could TALK SOFTLY to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man FLIRTING with her and REMINDING her how BEAUTIFUL/WONDERFUL she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could MAKE LOVE to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing SMILES from her . 
Make jokes . No stress . Love . Live . Life . Proceed . Progress . 
I think I'm scared of what the future holds . \ 
I was wishing for some things and now am used to those . \ " , 201 0-0 5-15 01:32:49 " 
No comment . ;-p 
For my team that's going out with me tonight remember : When you are good , you're good ... but when you're bad you're better . 
Enjoying the Sunday watching Just Wright . 
Best thing , waking up to Good Morning text on a gloomy day . But what’s even better is going to go get a check from work . Hello , GOOD MORNING EVERYBODY ! 
( clears throat ) This right here is my swag . All the girls are on me , damn . \ 
\ 
Everybody pay attention , This right here is my pretty boy swag . ( ayeee ) Pretty boy swag(ayye ) . <=== bumpin on the way to work . 
They try to change me but they realize they can't 
You have to do what you love to do , not get stuck in that comfort zone of a regular job . Life is not a dress rehearsal . This is it . 
No Drama , No Problems . Guys Night Out ! 
seems like streetlights glowing , happened to be just like moments passing . 
I'm on the road again with my thoughts , and my thoughts are driving me . -MD 
at 11:11 I wish for a way to explain to you how much I don't care -MD 
I had a dream I can buy my way to heaven . When I awoke , I spent that on a necklace . \ " , 201 0-0 5-24 17:04:27 " 
Is laying down , listening to kfi while eating a skinny cow ice cream sandwich 
I have a feeling summer o ' 10 is going to be one hell of a summer 
I see ya running like a track meet , with your baton saying catch me . Baby don’t be scared . 
Lets Play : This Summer I'll Be ____________ . 
hello , I'm that guy that speeds by you bumping music when you just got pulled over for going 5mph over the speed limit . 
stayed home all day slept and watched season 2 of Parks and Reacreation 
Yeah ! Watchin the Lakers win at BJ's , then heading out to Pasadena to check out the night life to see what all this talk is about . 
Man somebody tell em women I'm single for the night , 
enjoying this < PROPFEMALE > day by doing medical paperwork ... 
out of the valley , in Newport tonight then stayin the night for < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . 
If this is the start of summer , I don't want to see what will happen later . Let's just say < PROPFIRST > O'Day of DK got broke off in Newport tonight , she know's what happend . 
starting to use this twitter , hummm 
Making the move to Twitter updates only . 
Due to the friends that will miss my updates : < PROPFEMALE > Rehm , < PROPFEMALE > Romero González , < PROPFIRST > Griffey and < PROPFIRST > Koh I decieded to link my twitter to facebook . Just for a test run though . 
I'll just build a wall so I wont ever get hurt , that's silly feelin no pain is not a plan at all . Ima feel everything that comes my way , so I'll know how it feels to live in every way . -MD 
What's the best place to watch the Lakers win today ? 
Put those f-cking heels on and work it girl , \ 
Let that mirror show you what your doing , \ 
Put that f-cking dress on and work it kind of vicious , \ 
Like somebody’s taking pictures . 
Great night celebrating my friends birthday and graduation at Medieval Times , I really do have great friends . 
walked around the block- thinking . 
Out in LB for the family reunion , enjoying the family , good music and great food . 
Toy Story 3 IMAX 3D with < PROPMALE > the Best ! 
Laker's Parade with < PROPFIRST > Perez , Neha Kalra and Ritu Kalra about to catch the train now ! See ya there . 
on 11th and Figueroa by the channel 2 cam 
coming back to back to walnut , good times down town , rest then work . 
RSU : If she tells u she has a boyfriend say \u kno I have a turtle n I feed him skittles every night @ nine o ' clock\ " n she should say something like excuse me ... what ??? N u say \ " O I'm sorry I thought we were talking about irrelevant shit\ " - < PROPFIRST > Garcia " 
Curvy girls are better than skinny girls ? 
Please , please tell me none of my grown women on fb are camping out to see Twilight - Eclipse . 
For the people that are getting the iPhone 4 today and already got it , Please get Insurance for your phone . The best iPhone insurance out today is Asurion Insurance that covers : Loss , Theft , Cracked Screens , Water Damage , Other Damage , Out of \ 
Warranty Failure for $11.99 a month and SquareTrade Insurance that covers : drops , spills , and other accidents for$ 5.99 a month . 
It's Friday and like everyday I'm thankful for my family and friends and everything that they do to better their and my life . Hope you guys have a great day and if not hope your weekend is better . 
yea I toot it and boot it , thats why i toot and boot it . 
I help these teens as much as I can , but when it's back to their hood it's all on them . I just hope for everyone of them to make it out of that gang life . 
Well we're movin on up , \ 
To the east side . \ 
To a deluxe apartment in the sky . \ 
Movin on up , \ 
We finally got a piece of the pie . 
Let me get some rest for tonight . - RKC- club Haute Hollywood . 
I'm surrounded by inspiration , genius and hustlers . Thank you family and friends for helping me be able to stay in and study on days like this knowing that you all work so hard in everything you do . 
Yeah I came a far way , and I still do it my way . -MD 
#nowplaying Young Vin- Never Say Never : Survivin is a ritual to which I've grown accustomed , and so I keep on pushin , making something out of nothing for you . \ " , 201 0-0 8-02 20:44:45 " 
busy working on this Model Mayhem account for RKC , this \review processes\ " better not take long . " 
in meetings all day , Co-Manager , Artist / Producer , Photographer then finding the right models for the video / photo shoot- Model Mayhem account coming soon . And Agenda Tradeshow tomorrow . 
was only able to\ 
get on the wait list for one class , guess that's what I get for\ 
transferring late . But you know that's not going to stop me from being\ 
in every class trying to add . 
real recognize real 
humm , you win for now model mayhem 
You say you'll never leave , I say I'll never change . But even in our better days , you should never say never . \ - Young Vin " 
Saying goodbye to a friend going off to the Army . 
in the lab , studying , listening , preparing and understanding . 
We fall down but we get up , oh yes\ 
For a saint is just a sinner who fell down . \ 
But we couldn't stay there and got up . 
I'm celebrating tonight , a great photoshoot with Young Vin and < PROPFIRST > . 
What a night ... but today Loud & Obnoxious 3 yr Party @ 12 then photoshoot with my artist Showtyme and then another wild night . 
The wild night happened just as I predicted . 
Pictionary then UNO next with the friends , its game night . 
At school adding classes , because I just want to be successful . 
I got a lot of baggage and I doubt you like my luggage and so you carried on , why you leave me at the baggage claim ? I know you taking off , I hope you landing safe . And if you fall I want to be the one to catch you . \ 
- Young Vin 
Ooh-oo child , things are gonna get easier . \ 
Ooh-oo child , things'll be brighter . 
It's unfortunate you left us in your prime and all we have to sleep at night is God is by your side . Apologies if I'm the type to always question why , so I ask you God why is it that the good ones got to die ? \ 
Exactly a month from my Birthday , I should plan something . 
Damn right I love the life I live . ' Cause I went from negative to positive , and it's all good . 
You know where I'll be tonight , DTF with the RKC . 
Man somebody tell em ladies I'm single for the night 
I want it ALL , half was never the agreement . 
Shout out to my friends going to school/ going back to school after a long time . Education is never a waste of time . 
Leave her to me and she'll be smiling/ \ 
Every single time you see her/\ 
From ear to ear/ \ 
I wanna be beside her when she sleep and she lay/ \ 
Or we can stay awake and watch the next day . 
It felt good to design again , it used to be many late night hours of music and Adobe Photoshop . 
Im chuckin my deuces up to her , \ 
Im moving on to something better , better , better . 
Had a good Sunday , watched Takers with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > then to Nehal Shahin's bday celebration at Olde Ship . Now working with the Co- manager on the business . 
Got the bike tuned up , took a ride around . Reminded me of the good old summer days when I used to have the late night rides around Walnut with the neighbors . 
And when he tells you you ain't nuttin don't believe him . And if he can't learn to love you you should leave him . Cause sista you don't need him . And I ain't tryin to gas ya up , I just call em how I see em . 
There will always be people that hate everything you do . And then there's the people that will love you unconditionally . Make sure you pay attention to the ones that matter most . -MD 
Up all night working on ideas for Young Vin and Showtyme , they work hard so im just matching the hustle . 
Quick 6 mile bike ride around the city , now getting ready to take over Club Red with the RKC crew ... Shout out to all my friends that's enjoying life tonight ! 
Planning my Birthday with friends kick back , Food , Music , Board Games , Good People for Saturday the 18th . You'll get the event invite soon ( you know who you are ) . 
After the busy day preparing for the show tomorrow , it's time to finally relax and read a good book written by a friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Murphy . 
The people I don’t have time to < PROPFEMALE > with/\ 
Always look at me and say the same /\ 
You promised me you would never c < PROPFEMALE > e . 
Don't tap out ... fight until the end 
Just got my first Speeding ticket on the 60 west for going 78mph . 
almost another year , 5 more days till we celebrate ! 
2 more days to go , just 2 
I dont know whats going to happen Saturday night , but I have a feeling its going to be a good good night . 
I know what you're used to , \ 
We're gonna do something different tonight . 
Getting things ready for tonight , this is going to be wild . 
It's going to be great to party , but what's really great is that I get to be with the people that changed my life and continue to change my life . Through their hard work , creativeness , hustling and intelligence . Here's a Toast to You My Friends ! 
At Florentines Bar now ! 
Birthday Text !!! 
I love my people !!! 
Want to say Thank You to my friends that came out last night for my birthday . I really needed to have you guys show love like that to know that I must be doing something right to have great friends like you . Also All my friends that called , text and posted on my wall thank you very much for the birthday wishes . Alright , back to work on my essay . 
Acting to cool could be the death of you/Not physically but that inner child you/ Yeah it works wonders for the attractive to be attracted/ But is it all worth it , when you lost it/ Innocence , now what you do not making any sense . -MD 
< PROPMALE > is the plan , Keeping my sense is the goal , Completing this is my mission . - The < PROPMALE > Kids Club 
I know you’re tired of the usual , usual , usual\ 
I can give you more than the usual . 
And if it cost to be the boss , oh well I guess I gotta pay it . 
Tonight is much needed . 
You ladies have a hard time with us guys ... But then again you don't want it if it's easy . 
things have changed , and I never knew how much . tell the days got shorter and the nights never ended . -MD 
Tonight < PROPMALE > and Eastbound & Down . Finally . 
The thrill is gone baby , \ 
The thrill is gone away from me , 
This is 10% luck , 20% skill 15% concentrated power of will 5% pleasure , 50% pain\ 
And a 100% reason to remember the name . 
Bumpin windows down , Wiz Khalifa - Deal or no Deal & Black and Yellow on the way to work . I know < PROPMALE > you told me about him a long time ago , it took me a while to get it . 
The type of women's personality I'm attracted to has changed , I see it clearly now . 
Tonight , first time at Heat Ultra Lounge Popin bottles for the birthday girl then celebrating April < PROPFEMALE > Wademan's Birthday in DTF . Another Great Night . 
She don't know me , but I know her , I met plenty of her type before . 
Ha , I can only imagine what people say about me behind my back . It must be some crazy stuff . 
My friend you had your life planned , you even typed it out . But this morning your parents came by and took everything out . This wasn't how it's supposed to turn out . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Koh 
Having real friends can really bring you through the hard times in your life . 
Just getting to bed now after a great night with real friends , it feels good to be alive . 
I go through flashbacks of the better days . I sometimes wish I could go to those better days . See those places that were so familiar , see those smiles on faces that seem to be lost . Maybe see the faces of family that I lost . Maybe if I could just feel the same way I did , that would do ... that would do . -MD 
About to leave work but before I do , I made sure to get 5 paid days off for Halloween . 
Just got back from a bike ride and thinking about Ideas for Halloween ... It's going to be a great Halloween . 
It's a Jersey Thing , South Park does it again . 
Been Biking , Studying , Planning for Halloween Parties this whole week . It's going to be good to get out on Saturday night and take over Downtown Fullerton . 
Jammin to the Oldies but Goodies on the way to The Crenshaw Mall . What a Great Friday Already . 
Trying to find a Halloween costume for our big party , so many choices ! 
I was looking for the one , now I`m feeling dumb for thinking it was you . \ 
I was wrong , now I`m back up in this going harder than I did ... watch me do it . 
Up and ready to finish getting the costume together , do some work then party all night . 
Getting ready for Friday , this party is going to be ..... 
do you know that feeling when it's your last day of work before a 5 day PAID vacation and during the vacation you know all you're going to do is party with friends ... yeah thats how I feel now . 
Ok .. I'm done asking random questions on April < PROPFEMALE > Wademan and < PROPFEMALE > Castellano fromspring , back to work for me . 
And now .... my week off starts . 
This just in !!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is the photographer for Halloween on Highland , Make sure you all are coming in your best costumes ! 
Is it weird that when I clean the bathroom I think ; is the floor clean enough for me to sleep on , and is the toilet clean enough for someone to hug on all night ? 
What a night .... and you know DJ MIXXX killed it last night . 
Im at The Standard Hollywood dinner and they don't have my usual the duck quesadilla . So I got the grilled cheese with chicken and now it's all good . 
The only way you loose is when you are not real with who you are . -MD 
CHIPOTLE 
When the times are hard , when it never looks like its going to end , when others don't realize how much work you really do , I hope you know that I belive in you , < PROPFEMALE > Romero González don't give up . 
In LA with the grandparents enjoying leftovers and home made cookies . Can't wait to be back here for Christmas with the whole family . 
Lakers did it , now time for < PROPMALE > . 
I never would have thought when I was younger , I could live the life I do now . 
She said you don't have any deep thoughts , I said you don't bring any deep thoughts out of me . 
Oh yeah , that feels good . 
Listening to Kanye West – My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy - this is < PROPMALE > for your ears . 
I'm my devil , I'm my angel \ 
I'm my heaven , I'm my hell , \ 
I'm my now , I'm my forever , \ 
I'm my freedom , I'm my jail , \ 
I'm my lies I'm my truth , \ 
I'm my war I'm my truce \ 
I'm my questions I'm my proof . 
To all my friends coming out to DTF have a great night , but if you're coming out to Hollywood I'll be at Hyde Lounge for the < PROPMALE > Kids Club event . 
What a night ... and I'm doing it again in DTF tonight , but now it's time to get up and go to the gym . 
I'm thankful for the feeling of being in control of my life , because at times I didn't . 
I don't know the key to success , but the key to failure is trying to please everybody . 
when a woman's fed up , It ain't nothing you can do about it 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for a campaign against violence on children . 
I feel good , yeah 
Thinking about going out to NP tonight but who would be down for a kick back tonight ? Music , Drinks , Hookah and Chillin . 
I hope that this number game let people see that people really do miss , care and love them . Also I hope that you take this offline and actually tell the people in your life what they really mean to you . -MD 
It's finally Friday 
I'm not going to lie , I still get a little nervous on date night . But then I put on my music and it's all good . 
Laguna Beach at night , nothing like it . 
woke up quick , at about noon . \ 
jus ' thought that i had to be in Walnut soon . 
Take me to another place\ 
Take me to another land\ 
Make me forget all that hurts me\ 
Let me understand your plan . 
Goodwill to the rescue for an Ugly Sweater ! 
Even though it's been raining all week , I can't imagine living anywhere else . 
Started my day off right thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Rowe , finished wrapping gifts , about to finally go home after 3 days at work and now I have tonight off . It's going to be a good Christmas . 
Thursday night off of work , chillin ' 
I don't know what I did to get this great life with the family and friends I have , but I'm very grateful to have them . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of you . 
Been eating food all after noon and night , fell asleep on the couch to wake up to a full room of family . It's been a good Christmas . 
I'm ready for a New Year , and a great New Years < PROPFEMALE > 2011 . 
No I'm not lucky , I'm blessed , Yes . 
You hear the howling wind outside , it's just calling to get attention . But nothing can get us away . It's you and me , me and her we one in the same . -MD 
Going to be out celebrating like it's New Years < PROPFEMALE > tonight with the crew , you know where I'll be ! 
This is how we do it . \ 
It's Friday night , and I feel all right\ 
The party is here on the West side\ 
So I reach for my 40 and I turn it up\ 
Designated driver take the keys to my truck . 
Enjoy the lighter things in life and deeper joys will follow . 
is having second thoughts , but yet I having a feeling things will work out . 
damnn how old are you and you don't know how to french braid your own hair ?... geez 
a real man knows not to pay attention to what she says , but pay attention to what her body reads . -MD 
I want the whole truth , not half of it , not the part that makes it easier for you to say . 100% real talk . Thank you my friends that aren't scared of saying how it really is . 
I live life like there's a meaning to it , and I mean that ; I live life to the fullest . -MD 
Money on mind , potential money weighing heavy . So I'm thinking of a master plan to get me my future money . -MD 
Tonight it's a Celebration ! To a New Year , New Opportunities , New Money and my New Place with great friends . See you at DTF tonight ! 
I woke up with money on my mind , now let's go get this paper ' 
TV is gone . you snooze you lose . 
Is thinking about the good times and the crazy times had at the DTF apt . But now it's time to move on . 
My Grandparents house finally has the Internet , it has been years that we've been talking about getting it . Ohhh the simple joys in life . 
I am more than what you bargained for and nothin less than real . 
\ If that's the worst thing that happens to you this year you're ahead of the game\ " -Mom " 
people say what's really on their minds late at night , and all I have to say is that ... really I wanted you to myself every night . -MD 
Good Things Don't Last Forever Baby ' 
Damn , this one for the books , I swear this shit is as fun as it looks . 
Up and ready for the Young Vin video shoot at the RKC office . 
\Darkness cannot drive out darkness ; only light can do that . Hate cannot drive out hate ; only love can do that . \"- MLKJr " 
I feel it tonight , because you know I come alive in the night time . 
Uh , baby you winter time cold\ 
The night is still young , drink that dinner wine slow . 
Tonight , what can I say . 
It's Christmas again ! My family decided to delay Christmas dinner and the gift exchange this year because Grandma was in the hospital . Now she's doing well , we're all getting together today to have Christmas . Thank God for family . 
How many missed calls before you considered fake ? 
State of the Union 2011 
Off work , and can't wait to be in bed sleeping . 
What's this all with Egypt and when did this start and why am I hearing about this just now ? 
96% on Don't Stop Believing on Rock Band 2 . It must be all the practice in the Fullerton bars . 
I want a chopper so I can ride with a crew on Sundays 
I'm good for Stagecoach but I need Coachella tickets . 
Valentines Day is two weeks from today . 
I was never good with < PROPFIRST > but when a dollar sign is in front of it , it all makes sense . 
The thing is that there is always going to be haters , that's why I make sure not to become my own hater . -MD 
Tonight I'm going H.A.M. ! 
Often imitated , never duplicated . \ 
They say she a dime , I say she underrated . 
At the home for Superbowl ! Been the spot to go to for years . 
After watching the Green & Yellow win , now in LA at the studio . 
Everybody talks and everybody listen . But somehow the truth just always comes up missing . 
days like this I wish I had my dog , I would have took her for a walk on the beach . Damn 3 years later and I still think about her all the time . 
I've begun to think that I'm blessed for the Co workers in my past jobs and current that I could talk to and always set me straight and help me get through the drama , back talking and back stabbing that the work place can be . I'll make sure to have a toast to them this weekend . 
Great show ! must see again . Check out Traces 
Starting my room remodeling project , looking at colors of paint and carpet samples , next trip to IKEA . 
I wanted to say to my women friends Happy Valentines Day hope that you're being treated the best not just by someone else but by yourself , love you first before loving someone else . -MD 
Valentines day is a good day , because it wakes people up . They realize who they've been missing , who they needed all along and who they never needed in the first place . -MD 
Valentines day , it was a good day . 
I don't smoke but lately I've been feelin like I need a swisha or a black & mild 
I can't believe im saying this ... but I miss the B.I. on wednesday nights . Really I miss the friends I went with to the B.I. on wednesday nights . 
Even if things might have happened in the past , you can't blame everyone else . -MD 
I'm seein a lot of people get the word \hater\ " confused with people who genuinely just don't like them for a legitimate reason ... " 
