OMFG I AM BORED SOMEONE SAVE MEEEEEE !!!!!! 

THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO WISHED ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! I've been moving allllll weekend and haven't been able to get to my lappy , but thank you ! 
Real Pirate Wenches suck c0ck like it's gunna cum rum ! 
I'm off to get some lunch and walk the pup ! it's way too nice out to spend it inside ! PICNIC TIME ! 
I have a couple of questions for everyone . Who is your favrite visual artist ? Why are they your favorite visual artist ? I wanna expand my knowledge , I wanna hear what everyone is passionate about ! 
ASSES TO THE MASSES ! THEY'RE GREAT ! 
After I get off work tomorrow I'm thinking about going to the garden of the gods anyone wanna tag along ? 
Had an awesome BBQ last night with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Lucus ! I hope we all can do it again soon or maybe go crawdad fishin ! MMM MMM FINGER LICKIN GOOD ! 
Angst - anxiety ; suffering . Depressed - 1 , dejected . 2 , in a state of ecinomic depression . 3 , lowered in position , amount , intensity , etc . 4 , indented ; concave . Frustrate - prevent from fulfilling plans , hopes , etc . ; balk ; thwart ; nullify . Useless - without function or effect ; not useful . 
I am over all this BS ! 
I was so angry today I smashed my two water pipes and slashed up a pillow with a kitchen knife . I'm still not any less angry . Got any suggestions for anger management ? 
Is it just me , or does it seem like social networking makes it nearly impossible to set personal boundaries and even more importantly makes it nearly impossible to KEEP these boundaries ? 
I am awesome . I am a < PROPFIRST > of trades with no real training . I fixed my Vacuum and its running better than it has in memory ! 
Yeah , we rock , we rock , we rock , we rock to the new sensation ! A NEW WAY ON ! 
Anyone else addicted to Fullmetal Alchemist : Brotherhood ? 
I am so content , I am beginning to get bored out of my skull . As unhealthy as it sounds , god I could seriously go for a fight with someone !!!! 
Anyone know of a company that is currently hiring ? 
Ok I try to avoid mushing over my bf , cuz well , it can be annoying when someone over gushes about their bfs , BUT , I am seriously missing < PROPFIRST > , I wish Saturday was here already so I could get in some serious huggles ! 
To all my friends I do not get to see or speak with that often , you are in my mind , and I do miss you all ! I appreciate the way you've been there for me in the past and I hope we can see each other again soon ! 
I turn on Pandora , \Knife Going In\ " by < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > starts playing ... And all I can think is ' How appropriate . '" 
This temp job is going well thus far , and it makes me happy I'll finally be getting in somewhat decent money . Not much compared to what I used to get but more than I'm getting from unemployment . Although I am a yo-yo when it comes to this < PROPFIRST > stuff . I wish he could see the world through someone else's eyes to gain some new perspective . 
Ever wake up cranky and it just WON'T GO AWAY ?! Yeah , its one of THOSE days . 
Sometimes changes are needed , but we are too stubborn to do it , and then change is thrust upon us . How you handle this sudden change , and how you over come it , thats what defines you , and makes you a better person . 
I dunno about you all , but I think I like my over grown shaggy hair and baby pink shirt ! 
Life is finally starting to feel right . WOO ! 
I have to say , there is little I find more satisfying than spending a few hours on the couch cuddling and kissing with a classic horror movie like \American Werewolf in London\ " running in the background . " 
To those of you who play FarmVille , I have a free code . The FIRST to comment on this post will receive the code ! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status - fair is fair . Play along ! 
OMFG having the BEST NIGHT EVER ! Video games and chinese food and mountain dew ! It could only get better if someone showed up with some woodchuck cider ! 
Thank you everyone for the fond birthday wishes ! Hope you all are well and enjoying Christmas week ! 
Is it strange I find Tremors more up lifting than any comedy I watched today ? 
Dear A-hole who won't pick up your dogs crap from the middle of the side walk , I did it for you , you disgusting , lazy jerk . 
I've done nothing intee 
I've done nothing interesting . * applauds her own averageness * 
I feel like being non existsant . I wish life would just go away for a lil while , I want sleep ! 
FYI chicken bacon artichoke delite pizza from papa murphy's is FRIGGIN awesome ! 
Wow , life truly is like a two way street and to join it all you gotta do is walk out your front door . SCARY ! 
Where is my real life < PROPMALE > Bartowski ? 
I think I might be whiney today . Note to self : STOP BEING WHINEY !! 
Have you ever had a head ache that makes you feel like your face is melting ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Lisicka finally gave me my Christmas present and it was awesome ! A rubber ducky blanket she made , and purple n ' black striped socks aaannnnndddd DINOSAURS !!!! <3 <3 <3 
I'm growing tired of the \oh I forgot to tell you about that ? \"" 
OMFC ! I am so addicted to orange sweethearts today ! 
I know you can have a lazy eye , but can you have a lame lip ? 
Heres to hoping my new bed relieves my neck and back problems ! 
Ever run into a family who is SO dumb , rotten and egotisical , you feel you have the right , ney the duty to discontinue them ? 
ugh ! I so don't feel well , stomach won't stop hurting and feeling sick . I love you netflix for keeping me company when I can't sleep ! So sleeping in tomorrow 
Call of Duty you are saving my sanity ! And bringing family together awwww ! 
