will hopefully make it home sometime this year . 

dull life . 
is home home home home home home <3 
i'm hungry and i want to go to the beach . 
i want a lover i dont have to love . named conor oberst <3 
walks hard . haha 
lols at guyliner . LOL . 
is going to leave for pittsburg in the front of a moving < PROPFIRST > with her family tomorrow morning . no i'm not moving . they're moving . be back in a few weeks . 
has a working phone ! and is in west virginiaaa :) 
is in pennsylvania . buzzin on moooonshine muthafuckaaa . one week or so till im homeee :D 
wants a bus ticket back to oklahoma , even though people get touched on the bus . that would be better than waiting another week to leave :P 
be home tuesday , maybay , most likelay . 
is home , not homely , homie :) 
booty back and forth ! 
is planninnn her tcc schedule and waitin to go see < PROPMALE > potter :) 
is gonna dance , robots , dance ! <3 
will dance later , and illeagally watch < PROPMALE > again now . 
just got back from doin the d-a-n-c-e ;) 
WANTS A SNAKE . 
D-FEST D-FEST D-FEST D-FEST D-FEST D-FEST <3 
had a great time and is now exausted 
I'M AT THE PIZZA HUT . I'M AT THE TACO < PROPFEMALE > . I'M AT THE COMBONATION PIZZA HUT AND TACO < PROPFEMALE > LLL . 
is gonna go play laser tag :) 
is dieee-noooo-mite . 
is enjoying some kind of < PROPFEMALE > cream popsicle ice cream thing <3 
is making kool-aid cupcakes with omeaga <3<3<3 
sleepysleepysleepyyyy 
has two and a half days of freedom left </3 
forgot how much she loves babyshambles <3 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE>'s hauss , and will miss her for the next few days ! :( 
parents are coming back tomorrow night :P 
just took a creepy nighttime walk for no reason 
forgot that goth prom is tonight ! 
waiting for her family to come home , and mourning the loss of her cigarettes and freedom . 
i forgot , my family sucks . hopefully theyll leave again soon , so i can fucking sleep in again someday . 
hungry hungry hippo 
doesnt have the proper tools to party . also known as , a working car . and i update too much . 
is pleased with her new name , despite facebooks best efforts to thwart her from expressing herself <3 
is fresh outta fishsticks , and needs an activity . 
wants pizza . 
wants one of those color-changing shirts . last time i said i wanted something on facebook i got it . maybe it will work again . 
boooze+rainn = <3 goodmood 
is going out to have a nice dinner . hahaha . 
is excited for school next week . yay school ! <3 
actually forgot she was logged on to facebook . whoopsie . i'm a spaz . 
got a haircut and a burrito , and is gonna go sell some clothes . epic . 
my dad caught a saw on fire today . but not a chainsaw . 
myspace keeps bringing up ads for some kind of BBW dating site . i no longer find this amusing . so myspace and i are sooooo not talking right now . 
thrift shopping ftw . school tomorrow . 
i assure you , it is simply a small additional ridge of fat . hahaha . 
is a momma . i named my baby orange crush . 
hopes the rest of her classes are foxy <3 and will miss nardizzle :( 
pandas humping at the mall . 
music class is epic . 
bored . bellyache . 
CANT SLEEP . of course . 
wa-wa wee-wa 
can't decide if having sore eyes sucks worse than having four eyes . 
is at school . so uncool . 
what did everyone do this weekend ? SUCK ? sorry i missed that , but i was busy seeing DEF LEPPARDDDDD BITCHESSS . <3 
my daily tarot card is always the devil . 
jizzard 360 . and guns . 
hands up , you nasty kids ! 
doesn't want to be in this house . but doesn't really have anywhere better to be . 
is a hard core horoscoper . 
is in like with the weekend . future crunkness . 
crunkness . 
minimal crunknesss . 
apple juice , green tea , bath , boredom . 
is watching the nightmare before christmas , fool . 
don't turn your back on a cactus ! 
< PROPMALE > appreciation homework . no cigarettes for tomorrow . 
cheezburger . i has one . or i did . 
what happened in your childhood to make you believe people are good ? 
can't stop . 
school . 
apple juice . faux leather jacket ? fairly pleased . 
my milkshake brings all the freaks to the yard . 
i made a deal with the wrong devil , man . 
pandemonium 
job application questionnaire ? personality quiz fail . 
is a weekend she-wolf . awoooo . 
my facebook exists ! relief . 
my momma says i have swine flu . dramatic , maybe ? 
< PROPMALE > ledger was big sexy in glasses . 
i'm hungry . school tomorrow . boo . 
bathtime . FML ! 
is < PROPFEMALE > . 
has like a bajillion imaginary < PROPFEMALE > wars toyzzz :) 
is a man without a country . 
my mom and the things she says to me about relationships and men = bitter hilarious truth 
normal people make me sick . and i'm already sick . 
wants a ouija board <3 
is reading anti-ouija propoganda and watching welcome to the dollhouse . 
T.B.A. 
there's no such thing as an inner beauty pageant . 
terminally chill . 
remember the time ? i don't even remember yesterday . 
is wanting winter . 
listening to radiohead and being the boredest bitch everrrrr . 
HEADACHE . 
is going to get a bath , and maybe do something today . woo . 
i heart kanyeeee <3 
pee pee in cola funny 
is a freakkk <3 
my class is missing ? STRANDED . fml . 
FLASHER ! 
has a peeling < PROPFEMALE > blister . attractivee . 
is so sick of being sick . 
for all mortals , birth is suffering , ageing is suffering , sickness is suffering . 
strawberry milk ! 
kids these days ! i'm more than jealous . 
is going to the doctor . and then idk . 
weekendd <3 
bought some bagpipes . someone come teach me how to play them ! 
i think my bagpipes are missing pieces . 
just fell down the stairs in my house . my eye is only kind of bleeding . 
c'mon , sin your heart out . 
MONSOON . 
they say i'm cold , cold , cold . baby why so cold ? 
film festival ftw . 
keepin it mean , keepin it nasty . 
If they only knew how much we hated them . I mean they just keep crawling back like groveling , putrid , stupid zombies that just want to eat our brains that is our < PROPMALE > . 
who has an outie ? 
wants to do something about her appearance . 
squeaky clean . 
wants to go to the camera store . those exist , i think . 
I GOT WHIP FEVER . 
wants to go to the fair . whenever that is . 
dear facebook , i hate you , and this vice grip you have on my fingers . 
rainbows rainbows rainbows . 
hey snake face , you the devil ! 
always late , always there . 
hungry hungry hungry . someone get me a cheeseburger . 
omfg i forgot i had chocolate covered raisins . yumm . 
loves garage sales . and is pretty sleepy . 
is either going to split you open like a soft-shell crab and wear your carcass like a raincoat , or rip out your anus and double-dutch jump rope with your innards :) 
good evening ignorant pigs . put down your crackpipes and your beer bongs , and pay attention . 
really ? 
hey dork you're sittin on my shadow ! what , you're too good to sit on my shadow ? 
the creepiest , crawliest bug ever just scuttled across my floor . it kind of bothers me that i did not really react . 
needs to sleep . 
beautiful , dirty , < PROPMALE > . one out of three aint so bad . hahaha . 
needs money < PROPFEMALE > . lady gaga ftw . 
i only observe the municipal code of the jungle . 
just practiced driving a car , like a real grown-up . 
wants to die and be reincarnated as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
is going to seriously consider practicing the philosophy of hedonism on a regular basis . 
MILKSHAKE . 
< PROPFEMALE > underwood sings a lot about revenge and drunk sex and jesus . i'm not country . 
maggot maggotier maggotiest maggotorium maggotoriums maggots maggoty . 
DEEP SEA MONSTER LOBSTER . 
pink cowboy boots want . 
wants to go to an american apparel fleamarket . i also want to live a life free of want . 
just covered her crappy cell phone with a fresh layer of stickers . this is my life . 
my life is boring . 
is forever in love with pee-wee < PROPMALE > . 
wants s'mores!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
needs a drink . 
lost her phone :( 
my phone was in my bed . i am a drunken idiot . 
loves toy guitars . so much . 
eating stale peanut butter crunch and listening to my family fight . monday . 
needs a reason to wear her fake fur coat . 
crazy insane , got no brainnn . 
is so bad with computers ! 
< PROPMALE > homework . 
overthinks and underachieves . 
my super power is eating . 
is going to finally watch IT and scare herself and not sleep for no reason :) 
is taking a trip to sleepytime mountain . 
rain rain , rain all day . 
watching survivor is making me a savage . 
is sooooooo breaking up with virtual jesus . 
is a wild thing . 
is striving to stay antisocial on a college campus . 
is report writin , then friday nightin <3 
done . party <3 
sleep soon . class tomorrow :P 
loves philosophy class ! and has strangers on her roof . fair today maybe ? 
finished her paper friday , socialized saturday , and slept sunday . also i socialized on friday and sunday as well . all in all , a good weekend :) 
wintertime , i'm cold and crazy . need a job , but i'm too lazy . 
apparently they sell sex in a can . 
my brother turned sixteen today . i am so fucking old . 
is going to get a baby giraffe and name him pee-wee < PROPFIRST > . 
SPREADS PESTILENCE LIKE I CAN'T BELIEVE IT'S NOT BUTTER . 
has cookie cake in her belly and blue on her tongue and a brand new book on her bed <3 
wants to see where the wild things are . someone make me a wolf suit ! <3<3<3<3<3 
is going to watch glee and like it because she is fruity . 
is it greedy of me to want all the music in the world ? 
i'm an early bird and a night owl . so i'm wise , and i have worms . 
needs a muse like nobody's business . but i would settle for a vague film idea before tomorrow . 
squeaky clean <3 
can . not . concentrate . homework , please suck my cock . brain , please stop being stupid . 
tcc blows . 
just had a grilled cheese <3 
is trying to make friends with a stranger named sleep . 
i think time might have a broken leg . it's moving pretty slowly . 
is fond of free underwear and epic weekends . 
The mind plays tricks on you . You play tricks back ! It's like you're unraveling a big cable-knit sweater that someone keeps knitting and knitting and knitting and knitting and knitting and knitting ... 
is masochistic ( self-defeating ) personality disorder personified . don't be jealous . 
plans on going to the park <3 
has no idea what to be for halloween ! 
hungry hippo . 
had to pretend her sandwich was an enchilada . 
< PROPFEMALE > undecision me mol < PROPFEMALE > ! 
my computer has malware . and some security tool virus . and you have to download stuff and delete stuff and run stuff and i don't understand so instead i will just pretend i don't have a computer . go me . 
is listening to poisonous pop music and roaming tcc . 
just bought a badass little girl leopard coat . jealous ? i bet . 
i don't want garbage ! i want sprinkles ! 
my new classy haircut coat would benefit from a cigarette holder and a box of wine . 
GLEE in 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 minutes ! 
wants to reinvent herself . but will procrastinate , which is counterproductive . 
elephants never forget . and they never forgive . i really admire elephants in that way . 
has a new ( used ) phone . woo . but no < PROPFIRST > :P 
nail biter . 
had no idea it would be -756400949 degrees today . 
really needs to get these viruses off of her computer . 
is in like with the weather . maybe more . 
is like , so thunderstruck . 
needs to manage her anger better . 
got money . 
thinks everyone should be TEEN WOLF for Halloween . 
halloween costume ideas fail me . 
dragon < PROPFEMALE > . that's me . 
THUNDERCAT . 
is watching bram stoker's dracula for the first time . 
clean , mean , and psyched for halloween <3 
has nasty blisters on her feet , a catsuit with muddy paws , and a reasonable amount of < PROPFEMALE > . win . 
has scary new sheets . 
A.F.I. AND GALLOWS TOMORROW NIGHT <3<3<3 
enjoyed gallows/ a.f.i. immensely :) 
is a < PROPFEMALE > . 
the clock in my room keeps tick tick ticking . it's that goddamn telltale heart . 
is very dangerous . 
feels like a pinata . 
needs to dispel this deep discontent constantly creeping , drilling deep holes where happiness should be sleeping . 
missed the toadies when they came around . damn . 
the cheesy gordita crunch is back at taco < PROPFEMALE > on thursday for a limited time ! 
mi piace . 
had a fun day ! 
wants a cheesy gordita crunch and someone to fight . that's all i want , really . 
CAN'TSLEEP 
is just going to not sleep , and be weird all day , and maybe have warm beer for breakfast . best idea i have had all night/morning ! 
not eating + illeagal substances = tummy ache but not weight loss . FAIL . 
is going to have a goddamn sandwich . 
the first US marijuana cafe just opened in portland , oregon . fact . 
is going to write a paper . smarty pants time . 
learned a lot about cruel and unusual punishments today . win . 
wants to play video games and jump on trampolines . 
is raiding her piggybank . which is actually an owl . 
MAKE ME A FUCKING FRENCH 75 . 
never gets to go where she says she is going . im still waiting on that french 75 . 
is fiendin for some totally awesome sweet alabama liquid snake . 
just ended up making her computer worse . fuck my life . this has not been my year . 
is going to the doctor . woo . 
is thinking vividly . 
anyone can sing nirvana . all hail nirvana . 
is waiting for tonight like < PROPFEMALE > lopez . 
is gonna go buy a gory vhs tape . for inspiration . 
raspberry tea and alone time with me . 
helping others is the real < PROPFEMALE > meth . 
needs to figure out who can be in her stupid film and when . i need a mob and a victim . 
has been sleeping violently . 
snap your fingers , snap your neck . 
cant believe taking back sunday and the rejects sold out ! FMLLLLLLL . 
american history x , two am smores , a clockwork orange , and the newest episode of glee at five am . i have been very productive tonight . 
i hate thanksgiving . 
wants to go dancin . 
party . 
FUCK THE POLICE . haha . 
< PROPFEMALE > , mean , and gettin c < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
needs trolley party people ! texxxt me ! :D 
has some dark shaky footage and needs to shoot again , stat . also i need a new idea . film class , general fail . 
in a way , jesus was a zombie . 
wants a zhu-zhu pet hamster for christmas !!!! 
unfortunately my official twilight new < PROPFEMALE > forbidden fruits sweetheart candies are predominately orange obsession flavored . double yuck . 
you should stop that habit of noticing what people do . 
burritto lust . 
dear homework , go do yourself . 
people have too much power . 
highfidelityhighfidelityhighfidelity . 
is researching gruesome and graphic infectious diseases , such as necrotizing fasciitis , just to kill time <3 
drops it like its hot like nobodys business . 
ill be the same when it all goes up , ill be the same when it all goes down . 
overeating and underachieving . 
i wish my parents would either shut up or get a goddamn divorce . hello future . 
time seems to be moving very slowly . but i guess thats okay , because im moving slowly too . 
< PROPFEMALE > just told me the giraffe i was excited about and kept donating money to bring to the tulsa zoo broke its neck on the way here and died . the giraffe died . 
even in chaos , order is necessary . 
homeworkhomeworkhomeworkfinals . 
you can't always get what you want ! 
we're the rats , and look what's on the other side of the cage . douchebags . 
TONGUE FULL OF FIRE , HATE IN MY EYES !!! :) 
is full of electric feel <3 
has fucking weekend homework . cruel . 
i want to shave my head and run out into the street . 
ale-ale-jandrooo ! 
looking normal is worse than being dead . i need change . 
is going to look at < PROPMALE > schools ! 
GOTH DAY FTW 
HAS THE SKIN OF A KILLER . 
< PROPFIRST > scissorhands , time killer . 
no dancing , just dumbassery . 
is going away for at least two weeks , and may never return . my parents might lock me in the soundproof room in the basement of their new house . 
CABIN FEVER CABIN FEVER 
no black eyed peas = WORST NEW YEARS DINNER EVER . BAD LUCK FOREVER . 
wanton . gamine . 
i need a nemisis . 
bought more bitchin heels , exercised her fat ass off , aqquired tarot cards , and sucks hard at pool <3 
itunes just deleted like a jillion of my songs for no reason . what do i do ? 
i want it to be the 90s . 
has her stupid schedule somewhat figured out . yay . 
mystery girl . 
don't be a < PROPMALE > , be a dude ! 
normal people are like animals . but like , not as cute . 
my dad just gave me a speech about how ill never be able to keep a boyfriend cuz my room is messy and i have no motivation for the future or anything else . i died xD 
i know why the caged bird kills . 
my brother and i are having a serious conversation about shooting up the school . 
i want an emu to ride as trasportation . i think thats legal enough . 
< PROPMALE > out at the hookah bar , bought a flamingo feather necklace from a stranger , and witnessed some dude snort a thick line of pepper at ihop . pretty good . 
vintage fair , thrift shopping , neo-goth dj set at the marquee , free hot dog outside the soundpony , house party with a bunch of strangers that we met on the street . super saturday . 
doesnt wanna go to schoool tomorrow ! 
the sun can , and WILL kill you . 
tinas dogs eat chinchilla poop like hobos eat garbage . eagerly and often . 
where the wild things are was adorable . i love < PROPMALE > <3 
my first day back at school wasn't too awful . at least i didn't make any new friends . hopefully today will be just as great . 
i lost my cell phone battery , probly forever . good luck contacting me , humans . 
that lucky rabbits foot i bought the other day is definitely cursed . 
i love MAN MAN <3 
you look bodacious in that guillotine . 
not having a phone kind of blows when youre trapped at tcc . 
hey , you guys want to do some totally awesome sweet alabama liquid snake ? 
dear cell phone battery , i miss you , and i'm sorry that i threw you somewhere mysterious in a fit of fleeting rage . please come back ! 
listening to metallica and waiting to go to the hookah bar :) 
belly dancer extraordinaire . 
wants a grilled cheese like nobodys bussiness . 
is a street walking cheetah with a heart full of napalm . 
went to the park and walked doggies today ! <3 i know thats not technically exciting . 
the founder of taco < PROPFEMALE > is dead . the apocolypse is nigh . 
has to feed her goldfish , get a bath , and go to class at six . fun fun fun . 
is so in love with the weather . and the fact that her teacher didnt show up for class <3 
lost like five pounds ! but then had like two pieces of cheescake D: 
wants to go to egypt . 
my dad woke me up this morning to tell me that the lobster that my family had the other day gave them all food poisoning . HAHA family , i only had like three bites . 
totally went on an adventure today ! 
< PROPFEMALE > manson definitely sings This Is Halloween better than < PROPFIRST > skellington . even though he is a cheating asshole . 
wants a stag beetle tattoo . and a spider tattoo . i want bugs on my body . 
stuck at school . but at least i have < PROPFEMALE > winehouse and yeah yeah yeahs to accompany me . in my ears . 
armageddon it on . 
is eating jelly beans and thinking . mostly thinking , \why am i eating jelly beans ? \"." 
guns don't kill people . I DO . 
sleep , you stupid elusive bitch . 
i'm not just a horse , i'm a horse's ass . 
We think too much and feel too little . 
is killing time til 6(66 ) . 
day done . on to the next one . 
wishes she had some spaghetti o's and some more beads . 
fuck snow . fuck ice . i want to get trashed . i want to go dance ! 
ice is not nice . 
hibernation . 
spelling the word \back\ " with a letter Q is pure illiterate genius . " 
wants to go to jurassic park . 
is a bastard pinata . 
is a human , not a sandwich <3 
the simplest things seem to frustrate me , often and easily . 
the thought of six more weeks of winter makes me want to squeeze that groundhog til his little eyes pop out and roll away like < PROPFEMALE > tumbleweeds covered in veins and blood and groundhog tears . 
snack snack snack . i hope i get diabetes and have a heart attack . 
wants to be an < PROPMALE > historian . 
nevermind , i want to be an < PROPMALE > critic . or a rock < PROPFEMALE > . hahaha 
the year of the pig is over . prepare for the year of the tiger . 
EFFML . 
weekendweekendweekendweekendyay <3 
TUMMYACHE . 
ssssssuper fun day , with no snakes . 
superbowl = super boring . 
is making a < PROPFEMALE > montana poster into a frightening collage which tells of things to come , such as her inevitable world domination . 
i forgot that wolfmother is fucking awesome . 
april 13th . arctic monkeys . oh shit <3 
not sleeping has not made me sleepy . it has only made me more powerful . 
losing keeps you sharp . keeps you hungry , keeps you thirsty . winners have nothing to strive for . winning is like not existing . 
fate is a cruel steak with bitter herbs and spices . i hate steak . but my heart burns for a burrito . 
is going to get drunk and play N64 . i love my life . 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > McQueen :( 
is the Picasso of loneliness , and the painting elephant of being awesome . 
i have a mysterious black and purple bruise adjacent to my ass . i think i got into a drunken battle . with myself ? 
is eating a whole box of chocolate . morbid obesity is my < PROPFIRST > <3 
boo . 
wants to wish a happy birthday to her homeboiyyzz Ice-T and LeVar < PROPMALE > . 
no class today yay yay yay ! 
thinking . 
WAMP WAMP WHAT IT DO 
satan is my motor . 
missed the badfish show . bad . 
is going to fail nutrition class . i just know it . 
is going to search for sleep . 
is a free bitch baby . with nothing to do . 
wakes up in the morning feeling like a free bitch baby <3 
the office , turkey burgers , < PROPFIRST > sinatra , gin , sleep . 
special special what do you get ? another day older and deeper in debt . 
some creepy middle aged native american man at wal-mart called me paleface . racist . 
dollar store hair dye = fail 
facebook is like crack to me . disgusting . 
wants to marry < PROPFIRST > Hütz <3 
: Hipster Hitler . 
animosity is downright exhausting . 
cutting out pictures of birds and trying to quit compulsively thinking up terrible haikus . 
if i were a mollusk i would be brimming with pearls . 
babyshambles and bathtime . 
caterwaulin . 
running out of alcohol is both imminent and unfathomable to me . 
D.A.N.C.E. 
gay bar + free burrito = best night ever 
is fattening up for summer . or basically just life in general . 
every aspect of my meaningless life is ironic and hilarious in some sad way . 
needs . something . to . do . 
the cure for a tummyache is always < PROPFEMALE > . always . 
you think you're hot shit in a champagne glass , but you're really cold diarrhea in a < PROPFEMALE > cup . 
IAFBB ! 
frozen yogurt sunshine lust . 
is a moral rat's nest . 
watched whooping cranes this morning . tcc is so majestic . 
IS DRUNK ON VIRGINS BLOOD <3 
STILL DRUNK ON VIRGINS BLOOD , AND NOT PREGGO . 
<3 
< PROPFIRST > maggots megaraptor is exhausted . 
my itunes is gone . now all i have so far is the smiths . its the < PROPFEMALE > of a new < PROPFEMALE > of depression . 
sweetness , sweetness i was only joking when i said i'd like to smash every tooth in your head . 
school constantly makes a fool of me , and my pipe dreams of playing all day . 
you don't know snakes from dildos about that . 
the luck i've had can make a good man turn bad . 
is gonna tear up the streets , with blistered feet . 
epic weekend . my mustache and i are exhausted . 
writing a paper on frankenstein and watching high fidelity . 
freaknik : the musical . i am so cultured . 
and if the day came when I felt a natural emotion , i'd get such a shock i'd probably jump in the ocean . 
i am too cool for school . but for some reason i still have to go . 
AQUA TEEN + PEZ = BEST DAY EVER . 
itunes makes me want to cry . 
feel the sweet embrace of satan's hoof against your face . 
the weather is lovely , although the fact that i have to waste this beautiful day by being at TCC is abysmal . 
my myspace tarot reading says i'm naive and that great wonders await me . i WONDER what they are ? 
if you were the wood , i'd be the FIRE . 
i have a test that i havent studied for and an assignment that i havent finished due in three hours , two tests tomorrow and a paper due , plus an online test , my contacts rejected my eyes , and i still have to get dressed , but for some reason i am in an excellent mood <3 
got no need for the fancy things , all the attention that it brings . tell me no , i say yes , i was chosen , and i will deliver the explosion . 
is eating a wet burrito . 
YEAH < PROPMALE > . ROLLIN LIKE A RICKSHAW . operation spring break is a go go . 
my house smells like cheerios on fire . 
wants to befriend a possum and train it to tear into people's jugulars . this is a really good idea . 
its noon on the first day of spring break and i need a drink . my family is already getting all riled up . 
good times , hopefully good sleep :) 
what if the only thing you ever threw away WAS YOUR LIFE ? well advertisement , then your name would be < PROPFIRST > . 
i haven't got anything inside . i'm like a beach ball . 
wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight . 
needs a reason to be outside . 
MASTER OF DISASTER . 
if no one's gettin ' mad , are you really bein ' bad ? 
hopes she ends up remembering at least one day of spring break , foreal . 
needs to get a bath , then answer texts , voicemails , and missed calls . then finish her book . EPIC ST . PATRICKS DAY . 
is so down with the sickness . 
when when when will there be a new episode of the venture brothers ? 
lovely weather <3 
tomorrow is the vernal equinox ! 
fuck snow . arts ' n crafts . 
is the juicy dangler . 
OREGON TRAIL BITCHES . 
school is for suckas . so tomorrow is bound to suck . 
i'm glad i didn't grow up in a small town . 
i was dancing in an elevator , then i realized i forgot to push the button . 
let's all go to red lobster ! 
i could have been wild and i could have been free , but nature played this trick on me . 
in sociology we watched a video following teenagers with various different religions . the pagan girl was named < PROPFIRST > . 
set her majestic mane on fire today . 
almost fell asleep under a tree at tcc . 
poisonberry pie . HA . 
has to write and memorize a fucking speech by tomorrow . but i'll do it later . 
watching < PROPFEMALE > and drinking soy milk <3 
crazy doodles > homework . 
watching geese dig holes at tcc is a good use of my time . 
sleeping for a long time makes me feel dirty for some reason . bath time :( 
i'm clean . you're welcome universe . 
change is only for hippies and underwear ! 
every day we get older and uglier . people deal with that in different ways . 
i refuse to let the fact that my badass sunglasses broke bring me down . this weather simply wont allow it . 
is crawing out of her skin with excitement as the arctic monkeys show approaches . also the heat may be a factor . 
i cannot remember the last time i just sat around watching tv and eating pizza . TV PARTY . it sounds like a good idea . 
palindromes is a fucked up movie . 
today is a glasses day . fml . 
shoving contacts into sore eyes is smart . i feel like a winner . 
spiderling . 
has four eyes , and zero reasons to be out of bed . 
i hate when my doctor asks me about my sex life , or lack thereof . 
my dad is screaming random pokemon phrases at me from the bathroom . 
animal farm is on hulu . SCORREEEE . 
fresh , clean , and kind of mean . 
my family ended up not going to church this morning . and i got a ton of < PROPFEMALE > . awesome . 
jellybeanoverdose . 
CHOCOATE < PROPFEMALE > MASSACRE . 
foxy dudes at tcc are always really dumb , weird , or crazy . 
adventure time with finn and < PROPMALE > is my new favorite thing ever . 
LOLLAPALOOZA = GOGOL BORDELLO + LADY GAGA . I WANT TO GO . 
i really miss my short short short hair . but i dont want to risk having haircut regret . 
today was shitty , but perhaps tomorrow will be less shitty ? 
jellybeans , abnormal psychology . 
i would like to somehow incorperate a lightsaber fight into my weekend . preferably a drunk one . this is a good idea . 
this weekend is mine to waste in any way i please . what a simply wonderful feeling ! 
fake eyelashes , hobo zombies , molestation and glowsticks . only a few of the joys of 80s prom . 
my itunes library is completely gone again . the machines are rising . where are you , terminator ? :( 
i'm expecting a visitor tonight . his name is papa johns . 
arcticmonkeysarcticmonkeysarcticmonkeys <3 
it's just about ADVENTURE TIME ! 
seeing arctic monkeys perform will probably be the pinnacle of my miserable existance , and i am at peace with that fact . <3 
i am engourged with venom and triumph . 
i sniffed a cologne ad . fine . then caught myself doing it again . ok . and then again . and so on . that cycle continued for longer than was necessary . sad . 
three < PROPFEMALE > paper and powerpoint due tomorrow . no i havent started . and no i dont have powerpoint ! 
got no money in my pocket you see oh oh gimme no gimme no gimme no gimme no ah ! 
getting woken up by being choked , being punched in the eye , being assaulted with insults and having my front door broken are all totally awesome things that happened to me today . now homework . i love life . 
i need attention span enlargement surgery . 
i talk to myself and animals too much . 
i'm not mean , i'm 1,000 years old and i just lost track of my moral code . 
oh life . 
who's down for < PROPFIRST > music festival this weekend ? 
is the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > of feet . 
that feeling you get when your sneeze gets stuck in your face is what i imagine having blue balls must feel like . 
jam clam ! it's earth day ! 
all i want in life right now is someone to bring me delicious sandwiches . 
is going to spend her saturday night taking a bath and listening to nirvana . 
< PROPFIRST > , oh man . 
ATOMIC . 
java monster makes my heart go BOMP . 
in half an hour i am going to officially start being nice , and try to be consistantly nice all day . wish me luck . 
being nice is boring . 
my dad is putting my shoes in a box in the garage , so if you never see me again it's because i'm in jail for putting him in a box in the ground . 
needs a photographer . i aim to capture one . 
you can't , you won't , and you dont stop . hiccups . 
ASPIRING PEACOCK KIDNAPPER . 
every party has a pooper . 
house arrest . 
my get up and go got up and left . 
it's going to be one of those days . 
is going to consume human brains and get high off the endorphins . 
may the fourth be with those who believe in it . i am going to spend the day with a lightsaber in my bag , just in case ;) 
completely done with social psyche class , those yummy nachos i ate are goin straight to my ass . gonna watch glee in my majestic tiger tee , lame ass bitches best be jealous of me :) 
is excited for wednesday to turn into thursday , and for thursday to turn into friday . 
sustain without strain for the greatest gain . 
so , today these bugs were humping on my nose . 
guess what school ? we're through :) 
i swear to god there is a monster outside my bedroom window . seriously and for real . holy shit . 
is going to be 20 years old in ten days . i guess i will just sleep until then , then get trashed , then sleep til next year . 
and when i'm lying in my bed , i think about life and i think about death . and neither one particularly appeals to me . 
no phone no phone . where is my phone ? 
i just absentmindedly handcuffed one of my feet , then realized i do not have a key . genius ! 
when i get < PROPMALE > and famous i'm going to pay a team of asexual scientists to clean me in my sleep . NO BATHS EVERRRR . 
< PROPMALE > your dreams . you will fail . 
man oh manatee . 
old maid . 
happy birthday morrissey <3 
missed the italian festival . 
drinking alone is fine and dandy , till you run out of booze . 
this house needs popsicles . 
what time is it ?! 
let's go to the beach ! 
got her girl talk ticket today , hip hip hooray . 
why do i scare myself on purpose ? 
where the party at ? 
some bitch got < PROPFIRST > brown-ed in front of my house a bit ago . i wasn't home , so naturally my parents assumed it was me getting drunkenly beat in my driveway . oh life . 
know why they call me maggots ? 
i can't change . i'm like a chameleon . ALWAYS A LIZARD . 
judge your success by the amount of ill will you generate from those around you . 
true love can only spring from true hate . 
some random gay sounding guy just called me and told me he was angry at me but he still loved me . good times . 
it's not enough to douse yourself with gasoline , you have to set yourself on fire . 
i hate that people i don't like know my name , and are allowed to say it . i need a new name , reserved for people that i don't hate . 
GIRLTALK . 
i want to go to the pride parade tonight ! 
i got a haircut . that was the most exciting part of my day . 
hookahh . 
my goal for tomorrow is to go outside at the same time the sun is outside for some period of time . 
my fake is so real i am beyond fake . 
kids , never buy dollar store incense . 
drinking , going to the cemetary , getting locked out of the car and frightening the foxy AAA guy makes for a pretty decent sunday night . 
bohemian rhapsody . 
feels like a crappy backpack with a broken zipper . 
water balloon fight ? 
deadbeat summer . 
reading tarot cards and burning incense with my little brother on the back porch . 
is the alligator < PROPFEMALE > . 
: failed henna tattoo artist . 
has the boring friday blues . 
the first gamecube game i got was the legend of < PROPFEMALE > , the windwaker . that was like seven years ago . i still haven't beat it . but goddammit , i'm going to try again . 
i've lost my sense of time and place , as well as my grip on reality . 
today i dreamed of soft pretzels with warm cheese . 
my name is < PROPFIRST > , i love the smiths and waking up past noon every day . 
pizza , beer , and playing in public fountains ? yes . 
what doesn't kill you only makes you stranger . 
life is a lemon and i want my money back . 
damn i love my dad . oh wait , no i don't . 
beauty is in the eye of the beer holder . 
can't skate . 
sometimes i secretly wish unplanned pregnancies on people i don't like . 
this might be my last weekend in tulsa in a long time . SO LET'S GET IT POPPIN . whatever that means . 
facebook says 9 of my friends \like\ " paramore . looks like i'll be deleting 9 of my friends . " 
i want a boyfriend like ludacris , who doesn't look like ludacris . 
do i listen to pop music because i'm miserable ? or am i miserable because i listen to pop music ? 
our water balloon fight was a big wet success :) 
nobody likes lucid nightmares . 
kids these days ! 
is going gaga . 
even though i don't think i came in contact with glitter tonight , there's glitter on my chest . silly club majestic ! 
is listening to < PROPFEMALE > montana , because that's the american thing to do . 
FREE KOBAYASHI . 
> < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse . 
a new episode of squidbillies ? looks like my crummy luck's a changin ' . 
still in tulsa , totally confused . 
FML . 
is the manliest of all men . 
is out of hello < PROPFEMALE > band-aids :( 
can't cheat < PROPFEMALE > . 
want pizza . 
just found a little pink < PROPFEMALE > collar while digging through her room . i used to wear that in public . oh youth . 
really misses roamin ' < PROPMALE > . 
when i guy tells you that you seem unique , it means that you seem easy and dim-witted . 
eye of the tiger . 
against me ! tickets acquired . 
wants to make some sangria . 
has some sick interests . 
is the scumbag whisperer . 
would rather be a bitch than a bullshitter . 
i wish facebook was myspace . and i wish myspace was xanga . 
asses to ashes , sluts to dust . 
getting shitfaced is the only way i ever get a good nights sleep . 
don't be yourself . 
packing up my books , listening to my mom listen to foreigner . 
i don't meannn to seem like i care about material things , like FACEBOOK STATUS . 
yum pizza . yuck tummyache . 
i <3 highschoolers . 
sitting here thinking when i could be out drinking . 
where are all the tigers ? 
i have one dreadlock now . that's what's going on in my life . 
your magic beans are far from magic . 
dear chinese food , i like you . and i want you . 
bad luck is in my blood . 
spending my entire life in solitude would be swell , IF I KNEW HOW TO MAKE GRILLED CHEESE . 
go find yourself ! 
life in this town , it's like a joke . i must have had fun , cause now i'm broke . 
is it fall yet ? 
malfunctioning cell phones just make weekends more fun . 
it's a good thing i'm so scrappy . 
eew . 
wants to take another wok on the wild side . 
don't be a baby . 
i know two things : rooftop parties are a blast and bacon cheeseburgers are the best . 
it's hot yo . 
having nothing to do makes me feel like poo . 
sucks at < PROPFIRST > party , but kicks ass at super smash brothers . 
free tulsa was fun , but also sweaty and exhausting . 
sundays are always such a waste . 
still tiger hunting . 
takes naps on piles of trash bags in her room . 
som < PROPMALE > ay , i will be a party < PROPFEMALE > . and you will all have to kiss my half-sleeve of < PROPMALE > hardy temporary tattoos and envy my success . 
\why do you waste my time ? \ " is the answer to the question on your mind . " 
my life lacks passion and music . 
time has always been my enemy . 
i hear women make sandwiches and such . sounds like i need a woman . 
kicks little kid ass at laser tag . 
hey kids , don't be like me . 
another day , another dumbass . 
sleep > human interaction 
is at large . 
bees with < PROPFEMALE > in their mouth often have stings in their tails . 
packing isnt really fun at all . leaving more than half of my clothes behind makes me feel like an unfit mother or something . 
oh < PROPMALE > pennsylvania . 
my new house is so haunted . 
WE CAN'T STOP HERE THIS IS BAT COUNTRY . 
my haunted house is so boring , except for the ghosts . too much time to think . 
i feel very strongly about cannibalism . 
i don't want to go to college , i just want to be lady gaga . 
hey , i go to WVU now . 
MUST KILL . 
human blood is not a vegetable . 
i swear to god , time moves more slowly here . 
might go to a toga party just to make fun of people . 
i am not a robot . 
money can't buy happiness , but i just bought complacency . 
i think i just heard a rape whistle . 
why the hell is everything in this damn town closed on sunday ? i just wanted a slice of pizza and a nylon magazine . 
cut off the head and the body will die . 
dear raspberry tea , i love you , forever . 
beetlejuice and pee-wee < PROPMALE > seem like they would get along well . 
listening to CSS makes me feel feelings . 
don't take a nap in the middle of the day after reading about cults and while listening to the smiths , otherwise you will have a horrifying lucid nightmare that takes place in a wild west roller coaster library . oh god , i hope im really awake right now . 
is trapped in her own life . 
I was going to join the Psychology Club , but apparently they are involved deeply with something called H.E.L.P. ( Holding Every Life Precious ) . I just can't get involved in that kind of cult right now . 
too weird to live , too rare to die . 
few things in life taste sweeter than free pizza . 
i pick my scabs . 
today i put a crippled butterfly on my face . 
N64 , VHS , Zombie Porn . 
these boots were most certainly NOT made for walking . 
i'm losing brain cells over here . 
roadside tarot reader , misguided mohawk seeker . 
i hate teenagers . 
aspiring hermit . 
drinking tea and watching the silence of the lambs . good morning . 
DEATH TO < PROPFEMALE > . 
in order to improve my WVU experience , i have decided to stalk the attractive guy across the hall . 
is fattening up for winter . 
i need someone to scratch my back . 
makin ' tea . 
just sitting here thinking about how much i hate christmas . 
caged animal . 
needs friends who are scientists . mad scientists . 
this town needs smarter and more interesting scumbags . 
there are animals screeching outside my window . tan , greasy animals . 
good advice : don't wear moccasins with holes in them if there's a < PROPMALE > it might rain , and you have to walk a mile . 
just heard some kid outside talking about how hardcore and metal slipknot is , then reassured some girl that he didn't REALLY like them . just a little , for the double bass .... 
it's cookie time . 
the other day i saw the phrase \necessary shrewdness\ " on a church . what exactly would be considered necessary shrewdness ? " 
new venture brothers episode ? yes . 
oxfords and wedges are on my mind . 
speed up , time ! no wait slow down . now go backwards . reverse and repeat while i rest these blistered feet . 
can't write , all out of fight . 
glee is so fucking good . i don't care how gay saying that makes me . 
is going to get an alligator and name him shoes . 
my college < PROPMALE > is N64 . 
thirsty and miserable . 
is surviving in the jungle . 
men are monsters who crave young flesh . the tv told me so . 
AVENGE ME . 
I AM NOT A HUMAN BEING EITHER , LIL < PROPMALE > . 
is the girl with big glasses and bad skin , wearing the animal sweater . 
FUCK BITCHES . I HAVE NO MONEY . AND I HATE BITCHES . 
if you hope , the answer's nope . 
ignorance is bliss , enlightenment is misery . 
the venture brothers is on tonight . that is the one joy in my life . 
missed goth prom . AGAIN . 
is down with the sickness . 
a bunch of old guys tryed to give me bibles yesterday , one managed to succeed , and then i feel asleep in the hallway . today i managed to stagger sickly to and from my classes , and all day a robot has been prank calling me , leaving vulgar messages full of beeps . LEAVE ME ALONE ROBOT . CAN'T YOU SEE THAT I DON'T FEEL WELL . YOU CAN HAVE MY FREE BIBLE . 
pizza rolls are not good , if you are not drunk . 
oklahoma is so unhappy without me thats it has stooped to using earthquakes as a cry for attention . 
HOLY FUCK I FIGURED OUT SKYPE . 
important things with demetri < PROPFIRST > is like sesame street for old people . 
let your freak flag fly . 
being a hollow shell of a human being is becoming a tremendous bore . 
i love unicorns . 
you're forcing an owl to jog at noon . 
i miss everything . 
all the things i like best are from london . a trip may be in order . 
i am going to get my mojo back . soon . 
it's very blustery outside today . 
where have all the good ( looking ) people gone ? 
most of the things i say are absolutely asinine , and i would like to apologize to the universe . p.s. i'm going to keep being asinine . 
supports cannibalism . 
i would start a fight club , but i'm neither a lover nor a fighter . 
i never want to be famous . but it's ok , because there is no reason for me to ever be famous . 
watching interview with the vampire and eating < PROPFEMALE > seems like a swell halloween sunday to me . 
this town will be the death of me . 
i don't doodle anymore . that has to mean something . 
is microwaving an organic burrito at three in the morning . i am so college . 
i thought i liked writing . turns out , i don't! 
is watching welcome to the dollhouse for the jillionth time . 
I wish I could live free . Hope it's not beyond me . 
I AM AN IMPOSTOR . 
how come microwaves make french fries lose their power ? 
neck pain ! back pain ! either someone has a voodoo doll of me , or i'm getting old . 
i slept through glee , and dinner . now i'm hungry and sad . 
i just accidently electrocuted myself for the millionth time . whoever has that goddamn voodoo doll , i'm onto you . 
I HATE GURLZ . 
i guess i'll get crunk tonight . 
< PROPFEMALE > spears and beer . 
well , if no one else does , at least the camera loves me . 
drunk pictionary ? yes . 
morgantown . almost everyday , it's cold and wet and grey . i guess it fits . 
someone just screamed bloody murder in the hallway . this happens often , but always proves to be disappointing , cuz nobody ever really gets murdered . 
some of these plastic people on the television really disturb me . cable is something i kind of wish i didnt have . 
born to lose . 
what the fuck am i supposed to do with a tumblr ? 
CHAMPAGNE TASTE AND AN ASS FACE . 
new girl talk . hello one good thing in my miserable life . 
men don't have feelings , they have muscles ! 
all day is the best thing i have heard ... all day . 
i missed glee cuz i was at the homeless shelter making brownies and washing dishes . 
i miss that terminator tv show . 
community college > community service . but i'm done with both . 
human beings have neither kindness , nor faith , nor < PROPFEMALE > beyond what serves to increase the pleasure of the moment . 
i'm excited . 
is back , bitches . ONE WEEK ONLY . 
what's the opposite of homesick ? home healthy ? i am so home healthy right now . 
is leaving on sunday :( 
don't ever get into a room that you can't get out of . 
i'm a hermit crab . 
i am going to decorate a christmas tree with garbage . 
it's snowing here . there's snow in my hair . 
someone should tattoo the lorax onto their thorax . 
i want another sega < PROPFEMALE > . 
i just realized that i don't know any of my teacher's names . actually , that's a lie . i know one . 
as hard as i try , i just can't keep up with all the kids . 
i hate jam bands . 
all i did today was sleep and eat sandwiches . 
i think facebook is evolving again . 
needs triple-A batteries for her gameboy . 
744 days until the world ends in 2012 . just sayin . 
this mint tea is totally bitchin . 
i'm too conceited to have a pokemon as my picture for a whole month . 
my body is a < PROPFEMALE > . of doom . 
is half covered in highlighter . win . 
HOW MUCH YOU WANNA MAKE A BET I CAN THROW A FOOTBALL OVER THEM MOUNTAINS 
noli me tangere 
more doc martins . christmas . put it together . 
pizza . n64 . finals . im in high school again . but with less friends . 
i want bones that can see the future and tell me the weather , like old people have . 
i feel like i got into at least three fights in my sleep , and lost all of them . 
is having popsicles for dinner . 
is going to the < PROPFEMALE > today . so that's where i'll be , if you were wondering . i know you were . 
the < PROPFEMALE > sucks . 
according to a variety of horoscope applications , tomorrow's gonna suck . 
aqua teens and pipedreamz . 
new years resolutions . i'm going to have them . 
CHRISTMASSACRE 
crunkmas . 
the best part of christmas is complaining about your presents . 
remember that episode of pokemon when ash called himself < PROPMALE > ATO ? i do . 
lying on the couch listening to joy division with < PROPFEMALE > petals stuck to my face . winter break . 
snow everywhere . all I can think about is the beach . 
adventure time ! 
TUMMY TROUBLE . 
i thought i heard a ghost , but it was just an owl . although i guess it could have been an owl's ghost . 
I GOT 99 PROBLEMS BUT A BITCH AINT ONE . 
CHEESEBURGER LUST . 
SCHREIBERPALOOZA . 
wine almost makes being around large groups of schreibers tolerable . but im sober now . 
my new years resolution is to overcome obstacles and stuff . 
time sure flies when you're playing pokemon . 
i donated ten inches of my hair to locks of love . i'm at least ten inches better than you . 
TUMBLIN ' 
NAPPIN ' 
UNKNOWN 
stupid cactus stabbed me . 
LOVE WILL TEAR US APART 
i have to go back to school soon . I HAVE TO GO BACK TO SCHOOL SOON . 
went to the museum today , and saw < PROPMALE > and dead animals and dinosaurs . 
FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL 
i love cartoon lawyers . 
college is at least sixty percent lurking . 
my dorm room is cooking me . 
i would go out tonight , but i haven't got a stitch to wear . 
wtf facebook , changing my profile without asking ? this relationship has certainly taken a turn for the worse . 
weird weird weird weird . 
whatever kills me makes me stronger . 
i'm a gremlin . 
i feel so disgustingly ordinary . 
i need a subject for a multimedia blog for school . 
I LOVE MUSIC . I LOVE TO STEAL MUSIC . 
my blog is going to be about things i hate . 
i'm afraid that i will accidentally tell this teacher that i hate her . 
I BROKE MY GLASSES . MY BEAUTIFUL GLASSES . FML . 
i'm super \on\ " today . " 
does anyone have a spanish workwook ? 
snow , snow , GO AWAY . 
my teacher just said the n word . 
i just want to go dancing . i miss the gay bar . 
some thirty year old man said i gave off a \fuck the system\ " vibe . i laughed in his face . " 
i hate computers . i hope godzilla destroys them all in 2012 . 
i keep having flashbacks . maybe im dying . 
i feel like i'm in the shining . but i'm not the little boy , i'm < PROPFIRST > nicholson . 
i'm sad . 
it's microwave burrito time . 
CRAZY OKLAHOMA ASS PUSSIES , BITCHIN BOUT SNOW . IT SNOWS ERRYDAY HERE . 
facebooking during class . i am so high school right now . 
dear < PROPFEMALE > hipster boy who i didn't stalk cuz it's too chilly outside , even i don't wear my sunglasses at night , SRSLY . 
need more uglydolls and useless cute things . 
night salad . 
is all fired up . 
omg community is about dungeons and dragons . memories . 
age is such a mystery ! 
my spanish teacher just told me that she had a nightmare about me . 
why do i scare myself before bedtime ? 
i feel like a chinese food piñata . 
i don't understand this side of the country's fascination with pepperoni rolls . 
red orange yellow green blue indigo < PROPFEMALE > . 
dear race and gender , i don't care about you . 
KILL THE BODY AND THE HEAD WILL DIE . 
glasses glasses glasses . for the next three to five business days i will be thinking of only you . 
today i watched birds fly over the mountains , and all i could think about was possibly being dehydrated . 
editing a video for multimedia class . good thing i've got a TCC education , or else this would be twice as painful . 
why have people constantly been running into me and sitting in my seat ? am i invisible ? do I not exist here ? IT IS SO POSSIBLE . 
i can't tie my shoes . 
those meatballs tasted like fireworks . 
\What is it about me that make broken people flock to me ? Is it my height ? Do huddled masses mistake me for the statue of liberty ? \"" 
i saw a leaf and thought it was a cat . 
just screamed \capitalism makes prostitutes of us all ! \ " at my class . " 
my eyes are jumping . perhaps they are joyous . 
green tea and gruel . i feel like an asian orphan . 
glasses . today . 
five to seven days for glasses , rain , and the toy store is out of uglydolls . even without a boyfriend , valentines day has managed to be grim and disappointing . 
i think i ate so much that i'm losing my vision . 
DID YOU KNOW THAT CHOCOLATE HAS CAFFEINE IN IT BECAUSE I FORGOT 
i was way cuter on myspace . 
WHY DO I KEEP LOCKING MYSELF OUT OF MY ROOM LIKE SOME MORONIC LATCHKEY CHILD . 
another person told me i looked like \ < PROPFEMALE >\" today . i must meet this < PROPFEMALE > . i must destroy her . " 
all i do now is sit around looking at pictures of skeletons and unicorns and monsters and morrissey and dead pin-up models . 
and while your pants struggle to support the heavier you , your roof struggles to support the heavier me . 
tomorrow i begin spinning my cocoon . 
is there such thing as a nerd accent ? 
last night I was told that I resemble kat < PROPMALE > d , < PROPFIRST > swift , that MTV < PROPFEMALE > girl , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . I don't even know where to begin . 
NO FAIR TULSA , I WOULD ALSO LIKE TO SEE BROKEN SOCIAL SCENE TONIGHT . 
PICKING SCABS 
i wish all the creepers in the world were shoes . 
WHY AM I WRITING WHEN I KNOW THAT PICTURES EXIST . 
my phone isn't working . i'm stranded in the mountains . 
the secret to happiness is not eating . 
secret to happiness fail . 
nightmares . daymares . 
this will be the first year i ever miss < PROPFIRST > music festival . 
why don't people < PROPMALE > banks anymore ? what happened to the great american outlaw ? 
sweet knuckle tattoo : 4EVER ALONE 
when we seek to destroy others , we often hurt ourselves . because it is the self that wants to be destroyed . 
im afraid that if i go to sleep ill have another semi-erotic dream about < PROPMALE > from the office . 
anyone on this coast wanna road trip to new york to see gogol bordello in april ? no ? ok . :( 
i want to run away from the mountains and attend library school . 
I dreamed I had a < PROPFEMALE > , but I lost it in a bar . 
i need a car , so i can run over a gypsy and get THINNERRRR . 
< PROPFIRST > sheen does drugs and whores , and now he is popular . i want to be popular too . 
microwave mini white castle burgers : the official food of loneliness . 
< PROPFIRST > SCHREIBER = SOBERING CHARMER . ANAGRAMZ . 
wants to go play outside ! 
rain rain , go away , i'm gonna listen to hole all day . 
i think that i hate weekends . 
today in class I learned that guns turn boys into men . 
i think < PROPFIRST > casablancas and i would look really good together . just sayin . 
there's a guy wearing chainmail on his head in the library . i can't help but be reminded of tcc . 
the sleep of reason produces monsters 
today i took flight . via umbrella . 
dear pluto , i still consider you to be a planet . 
i hate living in the town from footloose . 
I saw you look like a Japanese baby , in an instant I remembered everything . 
does anyone want to buy the tears of a witch or a gypsy ? is there a market for that ? 
just stole the new strokes album . I LUV 2 STEAL . 
creative writing blows . 
just passed a man holding the sign that said \the pursuit of happiness ends in hell \"" 
the hills are alive with the sound of drunk people . 
crazy for cacti . 
yo gabba gabba is so awesome . 
it feels like today has been a really long day . and it's eleven thirty in the morning . 
i was raised by wolves . 
\morgan is currently sold out \"" 
i think the main issue i have with my hair is that none of it is shaved off . 
on weekends i only come out at night . 
i want a < PROPFEMALE > . superjail is on tonight , yayy . 
lawyers have the worst commercials . 
will trade soul for talent plz . 
failing school , BRB 
continues to perform poorly in the confines of her academic environment . 
FARISA IS A LOSER . 
STAY AWAY FROM ME , FACEBOOK . 
hello monster , my old friend . 
sometimes i wish i could afford microsoft word . 
crackers , cheese , and cartoons . ALL NITE . 
i hate the sound of songbirds in the morning . and buses . 
bikini kill all day . GRRRL POWER LOLZ . 
today i heard a bus meow 
loves bugs and rocks . 
the people outside are honking their horns and screaming \USA < PROPFEMALE > WOO FUCK YEAH \"." 
i already miss osama :( 
DEAR LIFE PLZ B OVR SOON 
GET YOUR YANKEE ASS OFF MY PROPERTY 
smelling books 
