Loves being woken up by codey hitting me with pillows . At least it wasn't the memory foam one this time :) 

1,000 ways to die . 
Just ask ... http://www.formspring.me/ashley801 
Awesome jam session with Shelb and < PROPFIRST > = Lost voice 
Livin ' like < PROPFIRST > 
Welcome , they said welcome to the floor . 
still on my adrenaline rush from my car accident ... Perfect for work ! 
shockers weren't the best thing to eat just after waking up . =) 
finds it funny when people are so damn immature . =) 
Well , excuse my beauty ! 
All I want to do is drive ... Drive so far away from here . 
Peanut Butter Mood . Extra peanut butter . =) 
Love my new car !! Thanks < PROPFIRST > , you're the best . =) 
I would just like to thank whichever one of my neighbors it was that backed into my car and didn't have the decency to leave a note or call .. You really helped me out a ton ! 
What a f-ing joke ... 
Is this really happening ? 
Can't unwind ... Adrenaline and I seem to have a love/hate relationship . 
Last night was a perfect example of why I never go out ... Still way angry about it too . 
Haha yep , you both were huge mistakes , no doubt about it . Definitely better off without :) 
This week I was lucky enough to find out how my car holds up to being rear ended by an SUV ... 
Really wants an adventure right about now ... 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > once saw Criss Angel levitate , he just laughed and flew away . 
Yeah , keep playing terribly . Good idea . 
\batman wouldn't break those cookies \"" 
Hoping Wincent will actually eat this time . I really prefer to prepare his food as little as possible .. 
Thanksgiving by myself . Sweet . 
Oh , how quickly that changed things .. 
Nap time :) 
Just felt < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > kick ! So cute :) 
My poor Wincent :( 
Send a # to my inbox 1-500 . I will tell you how I feel about you on my status . =) 
#8 you grew up/still live just around the block from me , yet I never see you ever . I'm still trying to figure that one out ... From what I remember you're a pretty cool kid =) 
#447 you're gay . Also you're my best friend . We have some pretty good times together , I guess . Haha I love you ! 
#50 you remind me of the good times in middle school . =) you're super cute and always make me laugh ! I really miss you a lot , can we please < PROPFEMALE > out soon ? 
#11 you are so much fun and never fail to make me laugh ! not to mention you are probably the cutest mom I have ever seen ! I miss you and wish you lived closer ! I think < PROPFEMALE > and I will have to take a road trip to see you again ... I'm dying to see your new house . I love you !! 
#12 cutest little pregnant girl I know and so much fun ! I'm glad that I can entertain you with my amazing kinect skills ... Expect me over at the house again real soon . I love you girl ! 
#9 I was going to make you wait since you are being so impatient but I'm too nice ... Anyway , I miss you crazy girl ! You and your no nonsense attitude ... Work just isn't the same without you ! Let's do something soon , okay ?? 
#99 so much fun , and always down for a good time ;) Remember the first night I had my new car and we went on that adventure ? yeah , that needs to happen again soon . Love and miss you ! 
#420 First of all , this is the perfect number for you for obvious reasons . Second , I love that we have the same opinion on that one girl who sucks big time . Third , you're crazy =) 
Asap as possible . 
Making some delicious treats ! :) 
Reese's peanut butter trees ?? I guess I'll have a few :) 
I've got a bad feeling about this , I've got it bad . 
please just go away . 
Two weeks of this constant headache is starting to get old ... That and the nausea that goes along right with it . 
Cause I was half-baked , smoking doobies . 
May have partied a little too hard last night ... Love when you are here , though :) 
Can't get my dream off my mind ... Screw you zombies , hospitals , and all that blood . 
Dear Apple store , your customer service sucks . 
Left work early and after two hours of stop and go traffic , and maneuvering around all the cars that couldn't make it up the big hills , I'm finally home ! =) 
Looking really good with a swollen jaw 
So done with you :) 
Not going to lie , I really missed our adventure nights ... Better be more in the future :) 
Tattoo :) 
Doesn't want to say goodbye ... 
Hahahah that's way too funny , you're as fake as they get . You really had me going there , when all along I was just someone you could use to buy you crap and let you use my car . You need to get real . 
Going to go get an xbox and a kinect after work today , anyone want to come with ? :) 
Time is never wasted , when you're always wasted . 
< PROPMALE > needs to hurry and download already !! Going to be up all night watching it , let me know if you want to join :) 
Does anyone else think the < PROPFEMALE > looks really big , or is it just me ? 
Having a hard time transitioning back to my car from the sti ... No turbo and about 200 less horse power . It's different to say the least :) 
Good morning , Neverland :) 
You didn't mean it , baby . 
cyclobenzaprine , divalproex , betaxolol , alprazolam , dextroamphetamine , rosiglitazone , zolpidem , hydromorphone .... 
Just watched a kid run down the street with a tie dyed cape and his acoustic guitar held straight out at his side ... He made my day :) 
Of course tonight is the night my hot hands supply in my car runs out . 
I can tell already that this is going to be another sleepless night . 
Heat , do you feel heat ? Cause I'm creeping up the side of your bed and onto the sheets . 
Anyone want to pay my ticket ? I'll give you an IOU :) 
