Sometimes I wonder ... am I one of the only people who is this happy about my life and the friends that I have ? These days , it seems like almost everybody is negative in some fashion . 

Was finally honest with all of my friends and family this week . I came clean about everything that I've never said all of these years and then some . I'm free to live how I want to live , as who I want to be . Twenty-seven years of warm up was far too long , but at last I can leave it all behind . The anti-sociality , the negativity , all of the regrets ... 
This was definitely one of the best weeks of my life , and there are plenty more to come ! Living this way is working out far better for me than the alternative ever did . <3 
Feeling amazing today ! Hope everybody else is the same way . <3 
I'm curious as to how British Petroleum thinks that their obnoxious nonchalance , stonewalling , or bullshit lies are some kind of valid response to one of the worst environmental disasters in history . You know , the one that was almost certainly caused by gross incompetence or negligence on their part . 
Heading over to Imlay today to < PROPFEMALE > with the old crew back together . Psyched ! 
Imlay City wasn't a hellish shithole for once , and I had a good time hanging out with my old friend < PROPMALE > . It's been a great couple of days . Starting to feel like I can be myself around people . 
The thought that doctors want to try ' fixing ' unborn children of ' undesirable ' conditions like being gay in the womb , or that there might be a pill that can ' fix ' your brain of such things afterwards is absurd and terribly offensive to everything it is to be a human being . Diversity is not a crime ; these differences are not something that require ' fixing ' . 
Curious as to what Bible other people are reading when they start speaking of how wonderful Jesus was . Think the disciples ' families , the fig tree he cursed to death , the people he stole property from , the slaves in slavery he had no problem with , or the women he treated like subhumans thought the same about him ? If the Bible's account of his deeds is accurate , Jesus was one of the worst hypocrites of all time . 
\Happiest are the people who give the most happiness to others . \ " < PROPMALE > Diderot " 
Human beings are not inherently good or evil . \ 
\ 
Apologies to anybody who believes in that crock of bullshit , but predetermined moral leanings are a ridiculous thought . 
For those who still don't know , I've been transgender as far back as I can remember in my life and a transitioning transsexual since last year . \ 
If you have any questions , ask away . 
at the north pole this sux it is really cold and I have not found santas underground base yet but there is a walrus hello mr walrus 
Why does music start at its very best and get worse over time ? When the remasters start up , it's the same songs but hardly the same artist . It's like sound engineers have replaced them as the present-day musicians . 
Well I've got the looks , but the voice continues to elude me . Despite numerous attempts to speak properly , I just can't seem to get it right . This is a highly aggravating situation overall , and it may very well end up being one the most daunting challenges of my life . 
I am tired and yet victorious after finally figuring out what was wrong with my computer's sound . Another win for Team Human over the technical problems that will one day exterminate us all with brain aneurysms . 
Hexydezimal : Within my tears has trannies listed as an interest with a <3 near it . \ 
Guest_xwithinxmyxtearsx : yes . o.o \ 
Hexydezimal : That's splendid , I am one . A pleasure to meet you . \ 
Guest_xwithinxmyxtearsx : same to you :3 \ 
Hexydezimal : So I must admit that I'm curious . Why the interest ? \ 
Guest_xwithinxmyxtearsx : they're the best people you could ever meet 
is transgender and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and you can still be fired from your job in 29 states for being lesbian , gay or bisexual and in 38 states for being transgender . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://apps.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/ncod10_status.php?rid=123954&rsource=stream . 
Since I've been seeing the argument floating around , ' Ticked-off Trannies with Knives ' is not < PROPMALE > . Producing creative works doesn't automatically mean that one is creating something < PROPMALE > istic , because that is a matter of characteristics like aesthetics and significance . While people will still be appreciating the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for the first time 500 years later , nobody will give a fuck about this movie in a year or two . 
I can't understand transsexuals who lord over other transsexuals , an already societally inferior group of people . You'd think this would be an lesson to each of us that we're all only human . What does it matter who transitioned early , late , or the how's and why's ? Does it really matter what ' category ' one falls into , and do any of these people honestly think most will consider their ' category ' any differently ? 
“I see in the near future a crisis approaching that unnerves me and causes me to tremble for the safety of my country . Corporations have been enthroned , an < PROPFEMALE > of corruption in high places will follow , and the money power of the country will endeavor to prolong its reign by working upon the prejudices of the people until the wealth is aggregated in the hands of a few and the Republic is destroyed . \\ 
\I say ' this guy ' because I firmly believe looking at these results that if there is a God 
So here's a question for all you LGBT's out there : Is it wrong of me to disagree with the establishment , our trans community in general ? Do you feel that makes me a ' trans Uncle < PROPMALE>' , as others have been expressing ? 
I simply cannot fathom that in this day and age , we have people , religions , or etc . who continue to believe that people ' choose ' to be gay or transsexual . Proof of homosexuality may go back as far as 10,000 years BCE , with the first documented gay marriages in Rome circa 27 BCE . Known transgender history goes as far back as 1458 BCE , with the first likely recorded transsexual figure at 204 BCE . 
The Democrat majority-led Senate Judiciary Committee recently backstabbed every American citizen by unanimously passing through the Combating Online Infringement and Counterfeits Act . This < PROPMALE > would allow the government to censor the Internet . \ 
The case against COICA is covered here :\ 
https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2010/11/case-against-coica 
Can anybody explain the logic behind saying that male-to-female transitioning is misogynistic to me ? We hated women so much that we decided to become one ? That's like saying KKK members and Neo-Nazis are standing by to undergo ' African-American treatments ' that make them permanently black for life 
Rest in peace , < PROPFEMALE > Edwards . You were one hell of a lady . 
Whew , massive power outage there . I hope it's done and over with . 
What a year this has been . It used to be like I was living life in monochrome ; restrained and stressed out , aimlessly going nowhere with little to hope for . How wonderful it has been to feel liberated , peaceful , and happy ; to have an amazing woman who loves me so very much . ( Continued below . ) 
Obama wanted to pass DADT through legislation instead of judicial unconstitutionality so that the government could basically screw gay soldiers out of their families ' benefits and any legal remedies . Bang up job , Obama old chap . 
\ ... Gov . < PROPMALE > Pawlenty defended fellow GOPer < PROPFEMALE > Palin against critics who he deemed highbrow elitists . \ " \ 
I love this oatmeal and < PROPFEMALE > butter lotion . The winter has been slaughtering my poor wittle hands . Sad pandar . 
Sweet , my zodiac sign changed to something that actually fits me . How odd that the old one used to fit the old person , and the new one fits the new . Even better was seeing all of these people getting angry about their new signs . Astrollogy . 
People who use rape comparisons to make points about people they hate are the lowest of the low . Here's looking at you , AROOO . 
Reading : Battle Angel < PROPFEMALE > mangas , two < PROPFEMALE > Wars : Fate of the Jedi novels , and < PROPFEMALE > Bornstein's Gender Outlaw : On Men , Women , and the Rest of Us . 
I have started outlining my manifesto and I will be beginning to write within the next few days . It is fair to say that this may shake up everything as we know it . This endeavor will be done when it is done , since I want to make absolutely sure that what I know and think is clear and concise when you finally read it . 
Dirt : \What do you feel are some of the prime factors informing female transitioners ? Obviously the trans disorder develops through a combination of factors 
Michigan appears ready for this terrible blizzard that is supposed to be smiting us , at the same time that Cyclone Yasi is literally ransacking the Australian coast . Our county has 106 trucks , 19 graders and about 20,000 tons of salt on hand . \ 
The real question is who pissed off Hera this year ? 
I took the day off today on writing . See you folks tomorrow . 
Alright folks , I have a lot of bright friends . Lexy and I are in need of a last name , and I must admit that I'm torn between so many . Let me hear your proposals . 
No matter if one wants to include transsexual under the transgender umbrella or not , transgender is still not a direct synonym for transsexual ; it is a general term . It makes no sense whatsoever to use a generalized umbrella word for a specific minority that has their own descriptor already . The umbrella is also transgender or transgendered , not transgenders , etc . It's an adjective , not a noun . 
Being that there are a metric ton of negative stories about transsexual discrimination at the DMV/Secretary of State , I figured I would note that my experience at the one in Rochester , Michigan ( Crooks Rd ) was nothing but positive . The clerk was very nice during the whole transaction . 
