My trucks brokeand im stuck in phoenix this blows !! 

albaquerque what kinda name is albaquerque 
OK I've had enough of Washington !! 
ok here i am ; where ... hell if i know 
Yo finally headed home gotta stop in Ogden first though ... 
Friken corn every where !! 
headed for arizona 
Idaho sucks !! 
I really need to get out of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Nothing and no one are what they seem to be ..... 
Lucked out big time still here in LV 
Today so kicks ass over yesterday .... 
Home for a few 
I dont know ... does anybody else ? 
Just kickin at home waitin on a preplan !! 
Today not so good ... and don\t even know why ? " 
Yeah I saw em ' mean little bastards !! 
I really need to ..... 
Good or bad it has begun ...... 
People just got to know their limitations ... 
Sittin at a < PROPFEMALE > in Amarillo TX 
OK its official today BLOWS !! 
Just stoked to be home and out the snow !! 
Tomorrow ? 
Ive come to an impass and not sure which way to take on this decision ? 
The gods did it again ... a couple hours not a lot to ask .... but nope !! Im here they're there ... frikin figures !! 
Today feels all wrong talk to couple others same thing .... how strange ? 
Im outta the OTR gig gotta get it together back in Vegas now ... 
It is done ............ problem eliminated 
Well made it another year friken amazing !!! 
Remember ... there was a total catastrofic failure and I was never here ...... 
OK just a heads up ..... Its been ordained that I am the High Priest Of The Cult of the next Ten Minutes .... yeah me !! 
Up early off to the frikin cancer doctors .... not a good way to start a day ... 
Can somebody grab me a Marlboro a stiff shot of Cuervo and a giant snow shovel for all the psyco BS spewed on \Oh someone validate me\ " facebook < PROPFEMALE > on any given day ? " 
Tomorrow eh who knows but today was just the best !! 
Angels are real I found one !! 
Orianthi Holy Crap !! Beyond Badass !! 
I am bored as hell , climbing the friken walls ahhhh !! @ 
My lil brother \finally makes an appearance\ " nice .... " 
Hey anybody wanna buy a boat ..... 
Man my truck got JACKED !!! 
It took a week but finally getting some focus/drive back ..... 
In on the left .... should put ya right there ... if they spot ya get the hell out ... lol 
I'm not really sure ?? We shall see , no good deed goes unpunished ... right ?? 
Finally sold the boat \Most Excellent\ " we're once again ahead of the game ... guess the gods decided to throw me a bone !! " 
OK its 5:15 am and Im awake ? any theories ?? 
Ever have that eerie feeling no one is watching you ? Hey I'm pretty sure it was 8 ... 
Multi tasking is simply listening and not giving a shit all at the same time ..... 
Friken Hot totally blows , who ordered this humidity ? 
Amazing how a day can go from screwed to awesome aint it ? 
What are the odds of coming across 2 people on the same day that truly should have been swallowed at birth ? 
A bullet never lies .... 
Couldn't see it no way to touch it but its gone I really think its gone , today was awesome and tomorrow n me are all good ..... :o ) 
Goin under the gun ..... bring on the pain !!! Bout time yeeahhh boy !! 
Well 2nd session down any previous doubts \GONE\ " ..... this thing is just SIC straight up SIC ..... " 
OK where's everybody at ? Nobody answering their phones ..... HELLO ! is anybody out there ? 
