Fuck , I hate being an ass but sometimes I have to . 

So ... the weekend ... it was ... interesting . 
arg ... 
High schools plus video game club = a bunch of fucking idiots , but really fun . 
arg ... great ... Now I am a world class ass , someone tried to commit suicide over me ... 
So ... bored . Nothing to do this week ... 
For any Christans on Facebook ... please pray for < PROPFEMALE > Frazier and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . They were in a car accident and are ... not good . 
Yay ! All better . Hmmm .... I am fucking bored . 
Well I am back in room 512 Offenhauher East in Bowling Green , Ohio . Things are almost back to normal . 
I am just going to go disappear again . Why do I exist ? I just fuck things up all the time and fail at making people happy and succeed at hurting them ... 
Hmm ... wish she was here ... 
ARG !!!!! Such anger ! I have not felt you since the fair last time I went . I better listen to Iowa again . If I do not , there may be dead people at the end of it . 
My exsistance has ceased . Why I thought I could be someone in the first was stupid . I shall now disappear again to the person no one knows and everyone hates . 
So what now ? 
So .... everything is back to normal now .... 
Wow .... feels like last year now ... 
Back with the one that changed everything :) 
One can destroy their soul if they are careless with it ; . This is true because no longer do I possess a soul ; I have destroyed mine . 
One can destroy their soul if they are careless with it . This is true because no longer do I possess a soul ; I have destroyed mine . 
Send < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > hey baby . 
Fuck ! damn Facbook mobile . 
I think I almost just had a heart attack . I am watching the Nintendo E3 presentation and I expected a new < PROPFEMALE > game ( which looks so freaking awesome ) , but no ... even BETTER ........ A NEW GOLDENEYE FOR THE WII !!! 
OMG ! Nintendo is going to kill me . ANOTHER Ocarina of Time remake . But guess what it ? 3D !!! I am so getting that ... 
First time I drove through Lancaster . Yay ! I did not hit anything . 
Just drove on the highway for the first time , in an 8 ft . bed Chevy Sliverado -.- 
I am in Bowling Green . Orientation tomorrow at 7 (: 
I know officially have 30 credit hours for college . Thank you AP test . 
Everyday from her , I lose more of myself . I slowly become more of the monster that caused her to leave , not to speak to me again . I love her and I am an idiot . 
STARCRAFT II !!! Finally ! I was the only that I saw get the collector's edition . 
wants a real computer to run StarCraft II better on . It is so amazing already . 
Facebook has run notes . You cannot copy HTML formating and carriage returns . All copy and paste are just big run-on sentences/paragraphs . Epic fail Facebook . 
I got a laptop !!! Finally . LOL 
FUCK YES ! StarCraft II on ultra graphics setting and NO LAG ! So much better then lag on the lowest . 
Oh no ... This is bad . Very bad . BGSU has Peer to Peer transfers turned off :(( At least for the wireless . Hopefully not for my room . This is going to suck if they do . 
Problem : dorm room is too hot and my computer is too powerful to play StarCraft II in it . When CPUs overheat , they do not do so well :( 
Sitting in Hayes Hall playing Portal before these stupid intro class starts back up . It is pretty awesome . 
Why does my first class have to be Calculus II at 9:30 in the morning ? 
Computer Science major : already loving it . MSDN gives me over $1000 worth of software for free . No more need to pirate . 
Going to Akron with < PROPFEMALE > . Lol . 
Last minute road trip to Akron was fun . We did absolutely nothing , but still fun . Get way to blow $30 in gas . 
< PROPFEMALE > is the most amazing person in this universe ! <333 
I did not post that last one , but it is basically true . 
First time at a club . This should be a fun night . 
I do not know how , but I have magically gotten awesome at pool . I have only played like 5 times and it has been like 2 years the last time I played 
Yes , finally . I may of found out how to get around the peer-to-peer block on campus . I will know in the morning it I still have internet . 
You have to love proxies . I can successful use torrents and not be seen doing so . 
The only two bad things about the middle of the week : GSW and not being about to see my girl . :( 
The only two bad things about the middle of the week : GSW and not being able to see my girl . :( 
Yay for getting dumped because I do not drink . 
As I am playing Dragon Age Origins , I see a chicken and what do I think ? \ 
\ 
CHICKEN KICKIN'!!!\ 
Then I get sad and a little part of me dies as I realize this is not Fable and I cannot harass the chickens . 
Why do girls alway assume anything a guy say is \starting shit \"?" 
Philly Cheese Steak Sub with Doritos and A&W Root Beer . Damn good dinner . 
So ... as I am sitting here hungry as fuck because everywhere on campus is closed and I am too late to walk off of campus for food , I remember that I ... have ... COMBOS !!! 
Only advantage to getting up at 9:30 on Labor Day ? I can use 3 washers and dryers to get my laundry done really fast because no one is awake . 
BBQ chicken sub + seasoned French fries + smoothie = one hell of a good breakfast . 
Mondo Subs . So close to my dorm room and sooooo good . It is like Subway , but better , ALOT better . I eat too many of them though . =/ About 2 every other/every evening . 
WHAT IS THIS ?!!? Duke Nukem Forever is NOT dead !! Oh my . A game that has been in production since 1997 is finally going to be released next year ! WTF ? I thought DUke Nukem was dead . 
Our whole lives our teachers have lied to us : they never taught us math . 2+2 ? This is not math . That is arithmetic . Very simple arithmetic . Even algebra and geometry is not math . Math is calculus . I sit in class and see the problem limit as b approaches infinity for the integral of 1 over x squared evaluated from 1 to b , and I just wonder what the hell ? This is real math . We have been lied to for so many years . 
I just came to the odd realization that I can turn my metal water bottle in a bomb , or I would be able to if it had a metal lid instead of a plastic one . It would explain why they are plastic though . 
Damn . Installing a bunch of games can get away from me . I now have 109 GB of programs on my computer . I have used over 75% of one of my two harddrives DX 
I love it how my HP software cannot find my recovery partition to make discs , but it can find it to delete it . Fail HP . 
When fighting Zerg with Protoss , rush Zealots and DO NOT LET THE ZERG EXPAND :D 
I need a job . =/ Hopefully that one at the dining center will come through , then I can do things that cost money , like getting a girlfriend . Lol 
Darksiders PC :D It comes out so soon . 
Roommate has moved out . I now have my own dorm room :D 
NOOOO !!! Zealots are being weakened on SCII . Blizzard claims they are two hard to counter . Dammit . Bastards . 
Bronze league on SCII is too fucking easy . I just had two matches where I was getting my ass handed to me , yet I still won because my enemies are fucking retarded :D 
So I believe I am to a new level of nerd , I am at a midnight pre-release Limited Tournament for the Magic Trading Card Game . Probably will go on until about 7 AM . 
SLEEP !!!! Staying up all night is bad . 
Sleep is so good after being up until 10 , but not eating for almost 24 hours SUCKS . I must find me some food . 
Playing Darksiders to Slipknot . Great combination . 
Fucking glitch ! Have you ever been stuck inside stairs or walls in a game ? 
And the British , top-hat , cane wielding zombie says when I beat a huge flaming demon : \This is NOT cricket . NOT CRICKET AT ALL ! \"" 
Economics in calculus :( WTF ? 
Damn . Founders has the best food on campus . I am going to have to go at least once a week there . 
Girls have no idea what they want and they really should have someone make all their decisions for them . I have one girl that says she wants to be with me but does not but bitches to me so I tell her that she needs to just go away if she is so unhappy with me . Then another that says she hates me and when her best friend starts talking to me , she explodes on me . 
\What makes you think you can just waltz back in and declare martial law ? \ " \ 
I have my first job in BG . Dining services for McDonald Hall . I have never worked in the food industry ... this should fun ... or not . 
It is fall break and I feel like I am the only one left on campus . =/ There are only four of us left on the guys half of < PROPMALE > North and that includes the RA . 
Oh insomnia , it sucks so much . Instead , Two and A Half Men and Minecraft all night . I successfully built a subway on it . Very nice . 
Trying to goto sleep , but my screensaver is too awesome and it is distracting me . 
Goddamn . Hawaiian BQQ Chicken Pizza is amazing . :D 
Goddamn you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Night of epic zombie fighting and Magic cards . So nerdy but so fun . It was worth it . Also , walking back to my dorm at 1AM with a pizza and a Nerf gun watching out for zombies :D 
I am so glad today is over . At least I got enough Pepsi and Mountain Dew to last me until the end of the semester :D 
So I have recovered from my twisted ankle and the weekend . I think I will be good at the Final Stand :D 
I think I will go out for some late night human hunting . :D 
Yay ! GoldenEye : Source works again :D 
Yay for PS2 Emulators . I can finally play Devil May Cry 2 and 3 
Best survival horror ever : Minecraft in the Nether on hard . Try to build a fucking house and get gang raped by 20 pigmen or bombarded by 5 ghast . 
Ah . Cold weather , finally you are here . :D 
\Could you forgive me if I told you that I cared ? \ 
Ice cream and Mondo after working for 4 hours is quite good (: 
Okay , this really makes me sound like a nerd , but I have figured out that I can be a Chemistry/Computer Science double < PROPMALE > and a Mathematics/Statistics double minor and ALL math course will triple count EXCEPT calc III and my stats courses . :D 
Sign you are too good with computers : FOUR people from my CS 202 class all came to me for help for a program that is due in 30 minutes . I have yet to start it and I will still get it done . 
Four AM adventures that end up at Waffle House are always fun . :D 
Forgot to charge my Zune so I am using my laptop to listen to music as I do my notes also on my laptop in World Civ . Lol 
\All that is gold does not glitter 
Arg . Damn minecraft.net I cannot even connect to my own server because it is down . 
\Abandoning yourself to a world of imagination is one of your favourite activities . \ " \\n\\nOne word to that : Minecraft . " 
Fuck you , GSW . I got my two passing essays , not you can goto hell . I no longer care about you . 
Well calculus II is turning out to be exactly like calculus I . I have missed a lot of class and I am running about a C . I actually need that C now , so I am going to do something I have not done for a very long time : study . 
\The heart is something you can't control\ 
Anyone else staying for Thanksgiving break or know someone that is staying for break ? ( other than you , Navarr ) 
It is kind of creepy , there are only 3 people on all of the fourth floor of < PROPMALE > o.O 
Thanks Notch , now we will have like 20 client and server updates in 2 days . This will sucks for my server . 
So , TNT cannons work in SMP now :D You can launch anyhting ... except minecart with players in them . You get a nasty error and disconnected when you try . 
Upon listening to the Rammstein song Stirb Nicht Vor Mir , I have made a realization about Twilight : it never happened . < PROPFEMALE > was fucking crazy and imagined it all in her dreams XD 
I am about to freaking shoot someone in RCC . My latency is so bad I cannot even play Minecraft . 
BGSU School of Art : I will play your game . I am going to p < PROPMALE > ake in your little Minecraft < PROPMALE > contest , but so far my only competition is a guy trying to build a < PROPMALE > dorm hall look a like out of door . My odds look good . 
What do you do when you find yourself becoming a increasingly cynical , cold , heartless asshole ? 
I think I have figured out math . Here goes\ 
Algebra : solve fore x , \Why do I need this shit ? \ " \ 
Message me a number and I'll tell you what I think about you in my status . 
13 - You are a bitch , but of course that is why I think you are so amazing . So people would just be so boring if they were not a bitch . You are that person . ALso , your self esteem is WAY to low . You always talk down about yourself when you should not . Also , you do not do enough for yourself . It is going to be the death of you by helping everyone before yourself . It is nice to do it , but not that much . 
7 - You are a short , sexy , girl . You are pretty awesome , nothing else to be said XD 
44 - You are pretty awesome . You seem like a really good friend ( have not seen otherwise ) and it always awesome to have random freinds you can sit in the Union with until 3AM talking to . 
85631246 - First off , you would . You choose the obxinous number just to make me smile . :) Which you always do . You are a loving person and never want to hurt ones you are care . That is what I love so much about you . You are also the most unquie and different person I have ever met . Do not change who you are . Ever . Also , you are a better person then you think you are , at everything . 
2013 - Lol . Well ... I do not really know you very well :/ You are really nice ( at least that I see ) and you are really pretty , but ... I have no idea what else . 
9001 - Hmmm ... A good one . Where to start ? How about you are a self-center arogant asshat that loves to troll and mind fuck people ? Wait that is me . How about being a smart ass that will not ever admit to being wrong ? Wait that is me too . Are you sure you are not me ? I mean afterall we are so much alike except you have much more awesome hair . 
Ah winter . You are finally here . Can you please stay forever ? You look beautiful and it just feel so great when I can breathe in fresh cold air . 
0658 - Hmmm ... This is going to be a bit hard to say . Lets see , you obviousloy already know you are beautiful . You have very interesting things you like for being a girl ( not trying to be sexist ) . You have a really good heart , though you try to hide it alot . You also have some bad habits and < PROPFEMALE > out with the wrong people . You have amazing potiental if you only realized it . 
8 - I am not sure what to say anymore :/ I never get to talk to you anymore , because you are always working . I miss being able to talk to you everyday . You also just seem so different anymore . I think you let everyone else influence you too much you could be so much of a better person . 
Just ordered some amazing fucking Chinese . What sucks ? NO EATING UTENSILS OR NAPKINS D: 
\I'm tired of who I am\ 
\Love . Hate . Sex . Pain . It is complicating me sometimes . \ " That really does explain it all . " 
Well , I can finally afford a Zune Pass and Microsoft is done fucking up my Windows Live Account , so believe it or not , I am going legit with music . Also games . Movies and videos .... that is still up for debate . 
So it is 23:20 on Christmas . I have to address as just about everyone else has , except mine is not wishing everyone a good day . Christmas is ... the worse waste of time and money of the whole year . It is not the what so many people believe it to be . Saint Nikolas died about 1700 years ago . Jesus was born in August . So Jesus freaks , there is some called < PROPMALE > census reports . 
\Your rescue 
Anyone see Resident Evil : Afterlife ? I personally thought it was good . Seems they are trying to fix their fuck up of the series and this one had < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Redfield along with Wesker . Not to mention A Perfect Circle . 
Yep . Everything is back to normal , except three things : not back in < PROPMALE > , campus is empty as fuck , and I AM FUCKING HUNGRY . 
Minecraft mods for SSP are truly amazing now . I am currently trying to breed myself a Black Pegasus horse so that I can fly around and have two inventories . 
FUCK YOU REDSTONE . Notch needs to fix the glitches in it :( Whenever use you anything more then a simple logic gate like a NOR memory latch , it wants to not always work right . 
I need to blow something up . :/ Can anyone get me some KClO3 ? Or some elemental potassium ? I could always just attempt to make nitroglycerin . Very easy to make , but so unstable there is a very likely < PROPMALE > of it exploded and causing a lot of damage ... 
Here is a big difference between guys and girls . Something happens that emotionally affects a girl and they get all teary and cry and let all the emotion and they feel horrible . Guys ? We blow something up , punch something or some other damn way to pretend it does not affect us . We do not feel the emotions and just go on enjoying our day . Back to Minecraft and listening to music so fucking loud . 
Fucking knights are killing off my horses >:( 
I have been watching Stargate SG-1 . I am currently on season 7 . Want to my favorite thing about it ? The Ancients , that is the most powerful race in the universe of Stargate SG-1 speaks LATIN and use the < PROPMALE > mythology :D 
I need to clean my computer ; it is so damn cluttered :/ 
I am really considering getting another monitor ... I am not sure if I should yet or not . It is indeed true what one of my friends said : once you get you second monitor , you never have enough . 
W00T ! I still do not have a roommate so far :D 
Other then my dorm being a horrible mess , everything is back to normal . I am back in my own little room in < PROPMALE > North 438 . :D 
Yay ! I have my two monitors back and my keyboard and shit . Damn drivers ... 
Side effect from watching so much damn Stargate SG-1 : indeed . 
I am going to fucking shoot someone . Some dumbass burned popcorn and triggered a fire alarm . I was in bed and I had to jump out and find damn clothes . Well back to bed now . C# tomorrow . 
I am going to enjoy my chem classes . They will be patheticly easy and I only have to do what I want . That is to be expected of an audit though . 
Ah . Nothing like a nice long juicy sub after 7 hours of work XD 
Arg . So dumbass decided to close Mondo and < PROPMALE > Dining at the same time . BAD IDEA ! My 2 and half hour shift turned into a 4 hour shift . ACUTALLY a 3 hour and 42 minute shift . I was 18 minutes short of a meal card :/ 
\This is what is best for me . For you . For us . \"" 
Have you ever had a dream , or fantasy that you have wanted to happen so badly , but when everything finally did play out just like you hoped you were terrified and lost at what to do ? 
“Love is bullshit . Emotion is bullshit . I am a rock . A jerk . I'm an uncaring asshole and proud of it . ” -- < PROPMALE > Palahniuk 
Been listening to \The Diary of Jane\ " for the past couple of hours . " 
\Where do we go from here \ 
RA Case Study tomorrow morning . I know Navarr Tethyr Barnier and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > have to go also , but anyone else I know trying to be an RA ? Also , Navarr and < PROPFIRST > , what times are yours ? 
RA Case Study done . Steak Escape for breakfast ? Definety . 
DAMN YOU CALCULUS II ! My GPA is 2.718 because of you . I need to retake it so I can get a GPA of over 3.5 :( If I do , then I can get like 20 scholarships . 
\I guess you know I’m faking \ 
Bane of my existence : \I was thinking about you when I was with my boyfriend last night . \ " Son of a bitch . This always causes problems . :/ " 
Downloading Hoobastank discography while sitting in my chem audit class . Not even with my laptop . Zune = win . 
Still not seeing motivation to write this paper , even though I have to XD I guess it will be another one of those I get done in like 20 minutes before class . 
\I don't want you to give it all up\ 
If I have to delete ONE move of those comments from you two , I will revoke your permissions to post on my wall XD 
I am going to get back into SCII more again . Anyone want to make a 2v2 league team ( or 3v3 , 4v4) ? 
I saw a man put on a coat to go into a freezer and close the door behind him at work . Win ! XD 
Death Race 2 . I did not know they made it , but I am watching it now . XD 
Damn . I ordered four things from Newegg and they are in two orders . Somehow my keyboard is almost almost in Bowing Green but my other 3 things have not even shipped yet :/ 
Hey ! Listen ! 
Only device you will ever need to interface with a computer again : my keyboard ( anyone that has seen Dj's sexy keyboard , I bought that one ) . 
I know how to program a Windows application :D A very simple Windows application , but still a Windows application . 
I just successfully programed my first ALT+F4 shortcut . And I am programming an electronic DnD Character Sheet just because I am bored and want something to program . 
Okay . I am not going to lie , Visual Studio 2010 is the best programing IDE I have used before . I just added Python to ti for me to use . 
Has two extra monitors for my laptop , but need a mini-displayPort to HDMI to use all three at one :( At least my sexy mouse , keyboard and cooling pad works 
One of three class canceled . Fuck , it is the one in the middle of them :/ Now for the other two . I probably will not goto the third anyways . XD Quiz in discrete mathematics though 
Java is fucking retarded . Use C# . 
Dear students of BGSU , \ 
GET THE FUCK OFF THE PORN . I would like to use my Internet tonight . \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Got this text this morning \V . CNN TOP STORIES A vast winter storm brought blizzard conditions to large sections of the upper Midwest and the Ohio Valley early Wednesday . \ " We made it on CNN XD " 
D: Poke wars ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > I WILL NEVER SURRENDER ! 
And the poke wars continue . This is now almost day 3 . 
Why do some people lie and push you away and make you hate them , the once they get drunk or stone , they spill their guts and make you feel horribly guilty . 
\All that I wanted were things I had before \ 
Just heard the most amazing < PROPFIRST > Bros . poem/analogy to life . 
Shit . I just realized I am going to be a senior before my 21st birthday . If all goes well , then before my 20th birthday . 
Oh Minecraft , how I have missed you . What has it been ? Two weeks . I forgot how much fu ---- FUCK CREEPER ! WHERE IS MY BOW ! 
\You're trying to take me\ 
\YOU HAVE 5 GRAND IN YOU SWEATPANTS ?! \ " \ 
I MIGHT have my first programming job . I need to learn Linden Scripting Language though :/ 
After about 20 minutes in my logic class , I finally got my Notepad++ to support LSL . 
Okay , I am going to start SLAPPING everyone that comes to < PROPMALE > Dining when I am working and makes a mess and does not clean it up , or slips something . And I am going to start with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Richards for spilling a shitton of pop I had to clean up earlier . 
