just painted the bedroom wall ... waiting for it to dry so I can do a second coat . 

I'm so out of shape ... put together one closet out of four ... ooo need a nap . 
is so tired . 
is going to read one of her favorite books and call it a night . 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
hasn't updated her status in months . Now that I have , this is what I chose to say ? I'm so exiting . 
grrr I can't get into any Facebook apps ... anyone else having trouble ? 
One year ago was our wedding ! :) 
is watching auctions on Swoopo ... crazy ! 
I like dogs and all , but with one neighbor having 6 and another with 8 dogs , there is just too much barking . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! 
Waiting for the DirecTV guy to finish installing our new HD-DVR so I can go to IKEA to buy our awesome new closet ! 
I may look like < PROPFEMALE > -- but don't sit in my lap . 
At work , not on Facebook , kept it open , don't want to miss anything ... even though I can't see it til much , much later . And nothing ever happens . Ok bye . 
Nothing better than a full belly , curled up in a comfy bed , playing games on the laptop . :) 
Got out early from work , woohoo ! Happy new year everyone ! 
Fallout 3 ROCKS ! 
Workin ' from home until otherwise noted ! 
It is pouring out ! What is this thing called \rain\ " ? " 
My neighbor's ( adult ) daughter just backed through the fence separating our yards . Good times . 
Made it to the easy coast safe and sound . Now for some sleep ! 
back in cali , still on east coast time . at least i have my new phone to play with ! 
Ugh , I am still on east coast time ... was up at 7:30 and I am ready for bed . I guess that's one way to make me a morning person ! 
We have a very angry duck in the back yard , and three broken eggs in the pool . Hmmmm ... 
I got up early to go for a mile jog . I think I might be crazy . 
Current neighborhood dog count ( 5 neighbors total ) . House #1 : 3 dogs ; House #2 : 3 dogs ; House #3 : 5 dogs ; House #4 : 6 dogs ; House #5 , 8 dogs . Silence ( however brief ): priceless . 
Up all night with Tylenol and the heating pad . Yeehaw . 
Shameless plug alert ! Check out this new game from Facebook ... I could win money if I get the most visitors there . Go here --> http://bit.ly/fvCIGY 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Score for JQuery function : < PROPFEMALE > , 1 : IE6 : 0 . Take that IE6 ! ( Yes I just came here to brag about that since it was a bear to figure out ) 
Currently in a freeroll online . Started with 7,500 people . Down to 700 . 90 places paid Will I make it ?... 
Why didn't the Pats do a weak punt over the heads of the defensive line ? If they kicked it behind the line and sprinted forward , they would have caught everyone off guard and most likely recovered the ball . 
My friend showed me a site called PayBox . You earn money from referrals and they even start you off with $25 free . PayBox appears to be an MLM ( multi-level marketing ) initiative ( with the potential to make a lot of money - if you're willing to play that game ) . I'm not in for that , but I'm up for free money . If you're curious too , here is my affiliate link - get $25 free for yourself . http://www.paybox.me/r/gamekitty 
I don't know much about politics but I am watching the pregame show and < PROPMALE > O'Reilly is being extremely disrespectful to the President - talking over him , arguing with him , and being completely rude . Regardless of Democrat/Republican/whatever , I don't like disrespect . Shame on him . 
I'm up at 7:30 on my day off . What's up with that ? I don't even wake up til 9 on workdays ! 
Just played a game called \Test Yourself\ " on PS3 . It is supposed to be a sort of IQ test . I got \ " significantly below average\ " intelligence . I could say more but < PROPFIRST > told me I am not allowed to operate the computer without a helmet . Let the comments begin ! " 
Oh my gosh , I think I am going to go crazy . The neighborhood dogs have been barking all morning with no signs of letting up . I have headphones on and the music blasting , and I can still hear them . arg ! :p 
