now i know why i detest cleaning so much ... 

Yay ! Snowed in today ... what to do though ? 
First speech today and I have no idea how it's going to go ... :( 
is thinking that being sick again today would be really cool . 
is bored of the same old fucking routine ... get up , take a shower , walk the dog , go to school , come home , walk the dog , go to work , come home , walk the dog , try to do everything that needs to be done , sleep , rinse , repeat . 
is loving this rain ! It just popped out of no where like a good summer storm should . I think it's in line with the fact that I have to give another speech today .... 
thank god the weekend is almost here 
is forcing < PROPFIRST > to watch Sense and Sensibility . Muahahahahaha ! 
can't wait for this weekend . Car Show !!! 
yay !!! Only two more days of work then 3 day weekend ! Woot !!! 
is excited about the car show tomorrow !! 
is thinking that sunburns suck kinda . 
thinks this head ache needs to go away 
is watching < PROPFIRST > annoy the shit out of Raiya 
has a headache and just wishes this week was over already . 
is thinking that I need to go back to the camp site and withdraw from society altogether . Things are much simpler that way . 
is liking her new schedule at work very much ... weekends off ! 
is going home for the weekend ! YAY !!! 
is thinking that work sucks and she just wants to be anywhere but here . 
is thinking that she will start practicing yoga then maybe she won't be as pissy all the time 
is liking the freedom of being alone for the weekend 
is glad it is Friday because I get to see a lot of my friends today !! 
Can't wait to start classes .... I'm actually excited for them this semester . 
is thinking that year is going to be hard but very rewarding 
why does everything seem so much harder ? 
yup ... decisions are getting much harder to make recently . What to do . What to do . 
Is wondering how things are going to work over the next few months . 
is happier today than she has been in a very long time . 
thinks that some people are pretty ridiculous . 
is thinking that people really should get the whole f***ing story before they go out and judge what decisions a person makes in their life , and stop the fucking drama !! 
is very sleepy , but things seem to be looking up for the moment . And also can't wait for this weekend !!!! 
is thinking that this being so far away all the time sucks , but it makes things just that much more intense . 
is happy to see some things come full circle and not so happy to see others completely face plant in the dirt . But hey I suppose that's life huh ? 
is thinking some people need to stop being such assholes and need to get over themselves . 
wants to be somewhere not far from here .... but far enough away that everything will just come together . 
is really going to miss Raiya when that time comes . 
will be looking for a new room mate possibly .... any takers ? This will not be effective until next summer of course . 
Can't wait to go home !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is home 
is no longer at home and is stressed about everything once again !!!!! 
is thinking that CIS is going to kill her . 
is sleepy and won't be attending classes tomorrow . 
is thinking that being moved out is a good thing but it is really fucking up my school work in all sorts of not so cool ways ..... but on the other hand I really really like where I am staying at this particular moment ... :D 
Got the apartment !!!!! I'm so excited !!!! 
Got all moved in and everything and is completely broke due to the fact that I had to purchase lots of stuff for the new place ... but in the end it is really all worth it . 
is thinking that having internet at home will be really really nice . 
is ready for the weekend like you would not believe . This week has been something akin to torture . There are reasons for this however and it will soon abate I suppose . 
Had a great time in Memphis over the weekend . It was most definitely a unique experience . 
Is rejoicing in the fact that I can now enjoy the internet in my own home . 
it's FRIDAY !!!!!! 
is watching < PROPFIRST > play video games on my ps2 . 
has had probably one of the best weekends ever , and it was all the better for its simplicity :) 
is thinking that I need to do a lot of stuff today ... including going to class ... but fortunately ( or unfortunately ) < PROPFIRST > came down and is now blocking my car in ... and he is sleeping so hard there is no < PROPMALE > he is going to move his truck ... what to do ... 
is hanging out at home on the weekend :) 
is ready for the weekend already .... I just want to get through this week of tests and stress 
is hoping that I did well in my interview and get the new position . 
is enjoying this taco < PROPFEMALE > experience very much ... and not studying for my bms test that is in exactly 12 hours ..... 
is very very tired indeed 
really did not want to come back to Springfield . 
is tired but doesn't want to go to bed ... I hate that feeling 
is hanging out at home , trying to make this damn headache go away and failing miserably :( 
can not wait for the weekend to start ! This is going to be awesome . 
Just found out my cousin was killed in a car accident really early this morning .... it was the worst thing in the world to have to be the one to tell < PROPMALE > . 
Today and tomorrow are for those final goodbyes to a person who was dear to us all . 
today has been one of the hardest I think I have ever had . 
we saw your face for the last time today ..... all I have to remember is this not an end , but only a pause to something that will resume again . 
hates being on hold when you need to get something done .... especially after being transferred twice already . 
really hates having so much f-ing homework from a class that does not even really matter . 
is thinking that stats is actually looking like it might be an ok grade .... 
Just can't wait for the weekend ... I'm really tired of this 
is thinking that my paycheck is really going to suck this next week .... I hope I can make everything alright ..... 
is happy that tomorrow is the last day of class .... then I get to see < PROPFIRST > on Wednesday 
yay ! Last day of work ... then Turkey .... then on to OMG I'm going to kill everyone on Black Friday .... How exciting this week will be .... 
going to < PROPFEMALE>'s house tomorrow to spend some time with my family . Going to introduce < PROPFIRST > to everybody .... wonder if he will survive the madness that is my relations ? 
just got back from the woods .... and about to start on my report ..... uhg . 
well .... I just found out that one of my band instructors in middle and high school is a gay child molester ...... ummm creepy much ? 
woo hoo missed classes yet again today .... seriously getting a bad case of senioritis ... not good . 
got off work early because all of our systems crashed at 930 this morning .... wonder what it will be like tomorrow . 
not in Springfield ..... this is a good thing 
is at home ... getting ready to go to campus to get the damn files that Mrs. Hulett refuses to put on her black board site for the convienence of those of us who work full time as well as go to school .... I hate CIS .... 
is thinking that the bank can cash my check anytime now .... this is why I don't mail shit ..... 
well damn .... i was hoping for a ton of snow today ... but oh well ... ill will just wait for January when the real stuff starts to come in . 
Last day of classes !!!!!!!! 
Woot ! In Neosho for the weekend !! Yay for good food ... lol 
at kiale and ellies house with the family .... and more good food .... yay !! 
damn it's cold outside .... that's ok though ... because I got my windows in my living room sealed today . It's much warmer in here now .... yay !!! 
woo hoo ... studying furiously for the two finals I have tomorrow .... then guess what ? I get to do it again tomorrow night too ! Yay for me !!! ( not ) 
One more left !!!! Yay ! Then I'm done for a month .... it's about time . 
is done !!! yay for sleeping in with < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Yay !! Almost done with shopping for Christmas ...!!!!!!!! 
is just hanging out .... and it is fantastic :D !!!! 
gah ... another all nighter I hate this shit 
is hoping that the roads are safe to travel on tomorrow ... I so want to spend Christmas with my family . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
why is it that you get the most crazy cravings for random food at like 1 o'clock in the morning ? 
Yay ! Only a four day week this week .... I'm excited ! 
wow ... the snow is pretty ... but it makes things so complicated when you have some one to worry about . 
I have come to discover that I really hate living alone ..... :( 
got my kindle today ... and have discovered the joy of free books . :D 
Is thinking that if we get any more snow I might have to stock up on fire wood and build a fire in my apartment ..... cause it's f***ing cold in here . 
so ... I'm waiting for it to snow ... again . 
is just chillin at home as usual :D 
fuck me its cold outside 
es ist sehr kalt !!!!! 
Is glad it is the weekend ... but I start school next week and I am so not ready for it . 
black 
is hanging out with < PROPFIRST > at home 
I think I am really going to enjoy school this semester ... it's just the getting up and going that's going to be really hard . 
just hanging out after class at home . 
Is excited for the weekend !! I get to go home and do laundry !!! Yay for being home !! 
Is back in Springfield and definitely does not want to be . 
Woo !! Waiting for class to start ... it looks like we might have a sub today !!! 
is doing a little job search ... if anyone has any suggestions besides freaking teletech ... please let me know 
just made spaghetti for < PROPFIRST > and henry .... it was good :D 
is thinking that this school and work thing sucks < PROPMALE > balls .... 
is it going to snow tonight ? I am waiting to see .... 
is going to get my hairs chopped off ... I need something new very quickly 
got all of my hair chopped of it looks so much better now yay !! 
at home with the family ... being subjected to copious amounts of cigarette smoke ... will be hacking for the next year .... have not convinced them to stop smoking . 
is back in Springfield and no longer smells of ridiculous amounts of cigarette smoke ... yay for clean clothes ! 
is actually not completely drained from work today ... its pretty impressive to say the least . 
yay !!! Weekend !!! 
is wondering what < PROPFIRST > has planned for today ..... I am extremely curious .... 
Just found out that my Grandma passed away ... it leaves an empty feeling inside that just hurts ..... 
Just got back from mom's house ... it's been an exhausting weekend . 
what to do today ? 
is hanging out at home .. woo ! Trying to walk my mom through setting up a facebook account over the internet ... it's kinda difficult . 
is avoiding writing a paper I know I should really do ... especially since it is due in about 12 hours ... uhg 
yay for being home early 
does not want to go to work today because it is so nice outside .... 
actually got up for school today .... but i had to rely on my mom for help .... am i in highschool again ? 
is soooo tired .... do not want to go to school .... but on a lighter note .... i found out that I will be an aunt ... again :) 
Yay ! Weekend .... thank god 
I am so ready for the weekend ... and it's only Wednesday . 
is glad tomorrow is friday .... then saturday will be here ... YAY !!! 
is just thinking to myself ... one more class one more class one more class ..... I don't know if I'll make it ... lol 
at home today ... got my new couch yesterday and may be getting a kitten today !! 
its 4 in the morning and my new cat will not stop meowing .... i dont know what he wants ... and i want to cry 
blah .... thats all i have to say 
Hanging out at home ... really enjoying this spring break thing ... I'm dreading going back to school ... sniff sniff 
it's the weekend and I still have to tomorrow ..... 
found out that all the lug nuts were lose on all 4 of my tires today ... funny how that happens when my boyfriend put them all on with an impact .... mysterious ? I think not .... 
woo ! Finally some sunshine .... for the moment anyway . 
Is kinda bored not gonna lie ... but on the bright side ... I got to see my nephew today :) 
God ... I feel like absolute shit ..... this is why I hate spring ... 
Yep ... still feel like shit ..... will it ever stop ? 
has a doctors appointment tomorrow ... hopefully they call me with a cancellation from today :) 
I think it should be illegal to have to work and go to school on days like today .... 
is enjoying this amazing weather :D 
hanging out on campus for a bit waiting for my classes to start 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ... which was beautiful ... as it should have been . Now just waiting for my clothes to dry . 
is hoping that they call me soon .... I really can't stand anymore of this .... 
is home all day by me lonesome ... well excluding max .... but he doesn't count because he randomly attacks me for no reason . 
watching ufc for the first time ... but im with a bunch of drunk people ... so the commentary is great 
is thinking that life really fucking sucks right now . anyone know any cures for it ? 
yay it's Friday !!!! And tomorrow's Saturday !! And the semester is almost over !!!!!!! 
E-COW-NOMICS Model 1 : Socialism- You have two cows . You give one to your neighbor . 
is thinking about maybe picking up a summer job ... not sure though . 
I think it should be illegal to be wide awake after only 3 and a half hours of sleep 
gwah !! 1 Dislike cleaning !!!! But it is done .... and I am tired ... Lol 
has had the worst headache of my life all day today .... 
Yay !!!! Last day of CLASS !!!! Thinking about doing mah happy dance ! 
thinks that today was a big fat waste of time and energy . 
is so sick of the shit ... that's it ... I'm moving back in with my parents .... Lol 
just got fired from Helletech ... feels good to be free of that place .. but is really gonna miss a lot of the people who I worked with . 
First Friday free in a long time .... and nothing to do . Lol 
Yay !! Finals !! 
Has a job interview today !! Woo hoo yay for me !! 
had my interview a bit ago ... it went really well in my opinion . 
is chilling out after eating dinner with Brian ... it's been a quiet night 
does not know what to do today 
is thinking about going back to bed .... what more is there to do today ? 
it's Saturday !! But wait ... it's raining ... and home all alone ... it kinda sucks 
yay !!! I have orientation on Thursday !! I'm excited !!! 
What do I want to do today ? Ummm ..... any extremely cheap suggestions ? Lol 
I start my job tomorrow ... or I should say I go to orientation tomorrow !! I'm excited ! 
woot ! Had my orientation today ... and it was actually kind of fun . 
is eating instant mashed potatoes for dinner ... because I am that broke ... Lol 
woot !! Less than 24 hours til I turn 21 !! I'm excited !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is waiting to go to work ... 
yay for peanutbutter cookies 
made dinner for Brian .... and now he's asleep on the couch . Lol 
is glad the weekend is coming up !! Going swimming somewhere on Sunday ... any one have any suggestions on where to go ? 
is very tired .... it was a long day down at the river :) 
can't sleep ... fuck ..... 
just discovered my cat has been peeing in the bath tub . I'm not sure whether to be mad at him or be happy that he's not doing it on the floor .... 
at the laundromat doing what seems to be 6 months worth of laundry 
Sometimes I wonder at MSU's thought processes . 
why is it that when you make plans to do anything fun outside it has to f***ing rain ? 
wonders why people are the way they are ? Does it come from their parents ? From their environment ? Maybe I should look at the world from the point of view of a true psychologist and just say they are all \interesting\ " . Or maybe not . I'll think about it long and hard and come up with an answer soon enough . " 
Is back into the groove of school and is actually liking my classes again . 
working on a paper for class . Should only take me 10 minutes or so ... I hope . 
is happy I get to go home tonight . I haven't been there in a while ... and I get to do my laundry .. LOL 
work ... enough said 
in the computer lab again . Writing yet another paper that is due in less than an hour . I am making progress with my procrastination . Lol 
is excited for the weekend !!! Going to Memphis with < PROPFIRST > . Gonna have fun in the room with the whirlpool ! 
just got back from Beale Street . Had lots of fun with < PROPFIRST > . Had too much to drink apparently although I only had two . I think they put a lot of alcohol in my slushie .... 
Oh Springfield , how I hate you .... I want to go back to Mississippi ..... 
absolutely love my new shoes !!!!!!! they are fabulous !!!!! 
is excited for the weekend ... going to the lake possibly then to Neosho . 
I'm tired ... and I don't want to do my homework ... Lol 
hmm ... so just had a moment of being scared shitless . for my computer of course . tried to watch a video sent to me by my cousin and got a virus . if anyone receives a video from me , just ignore it and delete it . 
Hmmm ... just had my hair dyed a different color YAY ! 
does not want to go to work ... I want to help < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > pull the clutch today ... :( 
Oh humidity how I hate you so ... and your amplification in my apartment .... 
watching < PROPFIRST > play modern warfare .... such an exciting night ..... 
Question : Why do men have to have so much damn testosterone ? Answer : Good F***ing question .... 
At home watching movies with mah mom ... yay ! 
sitting on the couch playin with my kitten Nizzie . He's so damn cute . 
watching ten hours worth of lecture for my final test tonight ... woo ! 
YAY !! I got a job ! At Bass Pro !! Woo ! 
Woot !! Last week of School !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just got done doing my first session of zumba .... it kicked my ass .... just on the basics . :D 
working on a 6 < PROPFEMALE > paper that is due in exactly 6:30 hours .... wish me luck 
Yay !! School is done !! I'm excited 
is waiting .... 
is home now . I had a great day with all of you guys !! 
start my first day at my new job tonight !! Hopefully it's fun . 
is sleepy 
is baking banana bread !!! And it smells good !!!!!! I love baking . 
woot ! cooking at 11:12 at night ... yay for hungry people . 
is full . 
...... I have nothing of importance to say . :D 
had a long day ... :D 
it is hump day . 
is wondering 
is not wondering 
it is finally the weekend ... and can you guess where i am ? 
ok so i tried to post a really funny video but screwed up somehow 
is tired 
Wants to kill everyone in the financial aid department . 
my littlest < PROPFEMALE > may be finding a new home soon 
feels kinda bad ... Max is going to really miss his little < PROPMALE > ..... 
Alright ... any one want a free kitten ? 
< PROPFIRST > and I went to campus to watch Iron Man 2 out on the lawn .... in the very last part of the movie where all of the action is , the movie screen blew over and we missed the best part of the whole thing . 
I'm so fucking bored ....... 
is excited about classes tomorrow . Finally . 
does not want to go to sleep but I know I need too . 
really enjoying my classes . i think this semester will be good . 
is thinking that all men suck ..... 
I hate Missouri States Financial Aid Department ........!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is lonely 
is sick ... and it is not even September .... 
just realized why I will not be graduating in Spring 2011 like I was planning ..... I am missing one F***ing class that I have to have to get into my BMS 308 class ... and I can't take BMS 308 in the summer ...!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is loving this beautiful weather !!!! 
sitting alone at work eating my ramen in relative piece i want to be at home 
absolutely loves my history and systems class :) 
is at the library \studying\ " ..... by studying I mean screwing around on facebook ..... " 
bored at work 
So < PROPFIRST > is officially off to California for the week . What am I going to do now ? I guess it's good practice for when he gets his CDL .... * Sigh * 
has a feeling I am going to bomb tomorrows test .... we will see . 
wonders if this will be the way life is until the end , because if so , it's going to get boring real quick . 
first anatomy test in less than 2 hours ... Yikes ! 
Just got back from Pla-Mor in J-Town . It was a very interesting experience and I liked it . :D 
highs and lows seem to be the new roller coaster that is my life . 
what to do what to do .... 
can't wait til after work !!!!!! My niece < PROPFEMALE > is going to be making her grand appearance some time today ! I hope I will be able to be there when she does :D !!! 
My niece was born at 11:39 and weighed 7lb 4oz . She is healthy and beautiful . :D 
So yesterday was the most beautiful weather and today it is < PROPFEMALE > , cold and sucky . I hate Missouri weather ...... 
beer wings and football yup good evening 
anyone know any secret remedies for severe back pain ? 
is contemplating taking a sabatacle from facebook ... not sure yet though 
is going to kill some kitties in a few minutes if they don't quit . 
any one hiring ? 
is thinking i need a < PROPMALE > change of scene Springfield is really starting to wear on me :( 
i sometimes wish we had about 32 hours in a day it would make getting every thing i need to get done easier 
some days i just really hate school ... today would be one of those 
wow ... its been really boring today ... now i am drinking alcoholic smoothies and playing on facebook .... maybe I should have eaten before i started drinking this thing ... 
is considering dropping my anatomy class 
wants\ 
all of my close friends to comment with a memory we have together , then\ 
repost this on your wall to see all the memories you might have \ 
forgotten ! 
is having one of those nights where my body is tired , but my brain doesn't want to fall asleep .... 
well ... I am hoping to get a different job . I don't like boring calls any more . 
is thinking about throwing in the towel and becoming a freaking nun . 
waiting 
is so tired but unable to sleep ... I wish the sandman would bless me with a visit . 
Can't wait until next Tuesday !! 
Well ..... it seems that I now live alone with my two cats as my boyfriend just walked out with no word or anything . It's a great fucking day . 
Is better today 
Have an interview tomorrow and Thursday . :D 
Hey guys , I need to give up my little kitten Nizmo . If anyone is interested , or knows someone who wants a kitten please let me know asap . He is extremely lovable , but I can't keep him . 
is making beef stew !! 
bored out of my effing mind !!! 
is up way to early in the morning . Aka butt crack of < PROPFEMALE > . Seeing < PROPFIRST > off to Wisconsin and then off to the Bass Pro Fitness Festival to cheer on the participants . Woot ! Yay for volunteering . 
heading home yay !! 
is tired and has stuff to do today :( 
Hates when people waste my time . 
is kinda bored .... sucks being at home alone 
is pondering life's great questions . 
is tired .... of everything 
PLEASE put thison your status if you know someone who has been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , theycan breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by a dragon . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the ...... remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this . See More 
it's almost 2 am and I can't sleep . Wonderful . 
has decided that auto insurance companies are big pieces of shite .... 
been running research trials since 9 im tired lol 
is on a carb overload .... mmmmm carbs 
is getting sleepy very sleepy ..... working on self hypnosis lol 
Chinese fooooood :D 
i love the msu pow wow 
is bored 
its sad when you're bored enough to try to get the cat drunk .... 
Never thought I would say this , but I am excited to be moving home :D Get to be with the people who are the most important to me ! 
working . bored and wish i was any where but here . 
has rediscovered my love for < PROPFIRST > Crowe .... :D 
Oh black Friday , how I loathe thee . You will push me to the edge of my < PROPFEMALE > . Please hope that I don't kill any one today . 
bored ... 
Had a good day at home . Can't believe how relaxed I feel when I get here . I don't want to go back to Springfield . Can it be December now ? 
Oh sleep , why have you deserted me at my time of greatest need ? Do you have some greater plan ? 
one of these days it will go away . 
oh work how i loathe you ... ( just bps lol ) 
Here I come oh sleepless night .... 8-12 pages must be written in less than 24 hours . 
knocked out two pages in less than 30 minutes . If I can keep this up I should be able to get to bed before the ass crack of < PROPFEMALE > makes its appearance . 
Has a severe lack of enthusiasm for any type of school work . 
is slowly beginning to realize that if you want something done , you must go over several people's heads to get it fucking done . I swear some people are just idiots . 
I miss the days of good cartoons . 
One more week ... then finals . Then I get to go home !!!! I'm so excited 
has finally discovered that my extreme lack of enthusiasm is not that , but and extremely large pile of I just don't give a sh*t ..... This is very bad . 
is sleepy . Good night all . 
less than 2 weeks left until i move !! 
61- I like how you make me laugh and that you are easy to talk to . It's kept me from the edge of something that could have been horrible . Thanks for a being a friend :D Don't change for anything 
7777- What can I say ? We grew up together and did almost everything together as children . I love you :D You're a beautiful person who is right where she wants to be . Kind of inspiring if you think about it . You are a picture of true happiness and that is what counts most . 
0926- Best friends for forever now it seems . I wish we could go back to those days where we were almost inseparable . It has been amazing however , to see how we have grown into the people we are . But I still miss the days of Sailor < PROPFEMALE > , Sheet Forts , and biscuits at 10:00 pm . Those were the days :D 
001- You are my number one girl friend up here ! I love hanging out with you and we should do more of it :D . You make me laugh and that is one of your most shining qualities . You are one of the reasons I don't want to leave Springfield . 
is sleepy .... but that's what staying up all night does to you . Thanks .... you know who you are . 
is going to pass out on these calls 
is ready for winter to be over already ..... can not stand how dry it is . 
late nights and early mornings do not mix 
Oh it's finals week .... yay . Can't wait to be done . 
So I am thinking I need to < PROPFEMALE > out with some people this weekend as it will my last weekend in Springfield . 
Wants a kindle ..... badly . 
Woke up late , but one final down and just one more to go . Then I must say farewell to my fair Missouri State and concentrate on getting home as quickly as possible :D 
Why does laundry have to take so damn long ? Lol 
sleeeep 
3 more days !!!!!!!! I can't wait !!!! 
Is impressed at how some people can be so petty .... I am astounded . 
Some people are so stupid ..... 
is freezing , but glad to be home . 
Have finally moved completely back to Neosho . I am excited !! 
I hate job hunting . 
These banana chips are freaking amazing .... 
Saturday ... what to do when the days start to run together ? Maybe I'll try to be organized to day .... yeah ... right . 
Ah ... silence ... I never knew how much I loved you . 
Is extremely , severely , and righteously pissed off .... 
Oh the weather outside is frightful .... 
Finally got everything smoothed out with financial aid . Every thing is good there . 
Is wondering why school couldn't start this week . I'm bored out of my mind . :( 
is sore as hell ... but likes it :D 
Had my interview today . I feel that it went very well . But that remains to be seen . 
Has not been up this early willingly in a very long time . 
Is excited to be in school and to finally have something to do ... I have even given serious thought to actually opening the books this semester . 
Loves Zumba . 
Woot !! Classes are cancelled today ! I'm going back to bed . :) 
Awww ... another mindless day at home . I'm so excited . 
Why is that the only people who ever proposition me are either drunk or high ? LOL 
Oh I wish I were an < PROPFIRST > Meyer Weiner .... 
ah confined to my room for the next 3.5 hours what shall i do ? 
Is in serious need of social contact . Someone needs to rescue me . LOL 
Feels very accomplished today . I read the first chapter in my text book and took two quizzes . All within the last 2 hours . 
Bored . 
On campus way too early this morning . What to do to pass the time before class . 
Thinking very seriously about washing my car today ... will be fun :D 
Bored for the evening ... what an exciting prospect . 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood .... 
oh the joys of the hospital 
Here we are again ... doing an assignment and quiz less than 3 hours before it's due . Procrastination at its best . :D 
Is thinking about taking a nap . 
Oh boredom , how I loathe thee . 
Oh will the boredom ever cease ? 
Day 2 of my wintery confinement . 
Jumping into zumba after a week of relative inactivity was probably not a good idea . 
It's amazing how a little soap and a toothbrush can make everything right in your world . 
The imminent nose bleeds have reared their ugly head . 
I am suddenly very tired . This is strange since it is before 10 p.m. 
Why is it people ask questions then get pissed off when you give them an answer they don't like ? lol 
Extreme home makeover ... how I have missed you so . 
Oh snow , please , please , please just go away !! 
Snow and satellite internet do not go hand in hand .... 
is about to go crazy . 
After all of this snow , it makes me seriously consider trading in my car for something big and 4 wheel drive . 
I finally got to get out of the house today . I was so excited . 
To bed to bed said sleepyhead ..... 
Yay ... time to go dig out the car . Must be prepared if school is in tomorrow . 
My car can go ! I'm so excited . 
seriously needs someone to talk to :) 
Loves when the Kindle estore updates its free book collection . 
Roads are so bad out here I still can't go to class . :( 
Ah .. reading about puberty is exactly what I wanted to do at 9:00 am . ( Insert eye roll ) 
Is actually going to try to get out today . Wish me luck . 
7:19 pm and I am ready to pass out . What the hell is wrong with me ? 
So I have decided that when it is within my grasp , I am packing up my stuff and moving as far south as I can get . 
Needs some music to listen to ... any suggestions ? 
really needs to go to sleep ... but I am wide awake ...... why !? 
got up way to early .... 
Yay for melting snow ! If only it would go faster . 
conversation full or innuendo and laughter . I love it 
So I got my car out of the drive way and down our road today . I got to drive all over town and everything and came back home . Everything was fine ... only to get stuck at the end of our driveway . Lol . Will it never cease ? 
Ah Zumba ... how I have missed you so . 
saw the kid train today was really cute 
As < PROPFIRST>'s Day passes me by , I just came to the realization that I just don't care about this particular holiday . I believe that makes me abnormal . :D 
i didnt do it , im not getting her in trouble , and whatever it is she talked me into it 
It is 7:42 a.m. on Wednesday ... the day I don't have class and I am up and surprisingly wide awake .... what the hell is wrong with me ?? 
Got my hairs cut today ! I was excited :D 
Had a fun time tonight . To the people on the motorcycles , please be careful and not do wheelies on 7th street as it is way to damn bumpy and I don't want to clean you off my tires . :D 
beautiful day outside today i love it my flip flops missed me 
I've been very lazy today . I need to do something ... any suggestions ? 
Guess we are having a family get together today . :D The craziness begins lol 
Completed my quiz a full 2 1/2 hours before it was due ... I'm getting better at this :D 
i may be bad but im perfectly good at it sex in the air i dont care cause i love the smell of it . sticks and stones may break my bones , but whips and chains excite me :) 
Will be headed to Springfield today . WOOT !! 
Had lots of fun in Springfield . I believe I'll have to do it more often . :D 
After the past couple of days ... I'm really kinda bored . :( 
Blueberry 
Why does it have to be cold ? It's honestly depressing after the nice weather that we were having . I'm moving to Hawaii ..... 
I hate it when you read a series of books and the one you're reading ends with this massive freaking < PROPMALE > hanger and you're all excited to get to the next one and then realize that it isn't coming out for another two months . Damn it ..... 
finds it funny that i just heard a condom commercial on the radio and immediately following it was a message from pastor < PROPFIRST > odonnell 
sitting at lauris house helping her pick out an outfit for her birthday party and trying to steal her clothes 
up late and need some one to talk to :) 
Tornado warnings in February ... what a way to end the weekend . 
What way does the wind blow ? 
On campus , finished my test and my quiz , now I'm supposed to be working on my cover letter and resume , but I got distracted ........ :D 
Boredom reigns supreme once again .... and facebook is stupid and won't cooperate with me . Somebody text me please :D 
they're remaking thundercats ?! i dont know whether to be excited or skeptical ... 
Got to campus way early this morning . Finished up two assignments that were due and now waiting for class to start . I am on a roll this week . 
The quiz gods have smiled upon me this day , and it is now time to commence operation study in the park :D 
Finally have a working computer in my room again . Yay ! 
sheesh .... 9:00 pm and I'm ready for bed ..... 
No one will get this right ! My middle name__________ , my age___ , my favorite soda_______ , my full birthday___/___/___ , whose the love of my life______ , my best friend_____ , my favorite color______ , my eye color_______ , my hair color______ my favorite food !!! Put this as your status and see who knows you best ! 
Back to campus on my day off .... see what happens when I go to Springfield ? They make me work at school .... lol 
Took the quiz ... check .... tried to do statistics ... check ..... edited resume and cover letter ... check .... assessment is still pending . And more job apps after all of that . I've been busy busy busy today . :D 
Loves cracked.com :D 
at the track and once again rediscovering my love for running love rythmic sound of feet hitting the pavement the flow of breath in and out the beauty of the stars on a clear night why dont i do this more ?! 
Having a stand off in my room with an enormous hairy spider ..... :( 
AHA ! I killed that spider !! He was no match for me and my flip flop of doom :D 
Is seriously looking forward to spring break . This getting up at 7am every morning is killing me . I need some sleep . 
spent 24 hours trying to download a game and then play said game only to be told on getting it started that my graphics card would not support it .... fml 
rain falling on a tin roof is a beautiful sound 
Woot ! Going to Pla-Mor tonight with < PROPFEMALE > and some friends . Gonna have a good time despite the storm :D 
< PROPFEMALE > saying 1 : he was some blaxican dude . blaxican ?! i dont know he was dark . rofl 
Had a blast at Pla-mor tonite ! Can't wait to go tomorrow . I'm excited !!! 
Got my laptop to work half way . We'll see how it goes in the next couple of hours . 
at pla mor and wishing more of my friends were here 
Now I know why I hate group assignments and choose to do things on my own . Because no one ever gets their shit done in time and I'm stuck with a shitty grade because of it . 
Loves talking to friends that make you smile and listening to some good music . 
why is it that the computer only has problems when its the day you need to turn stuff in ? 
Ah the week of perpetual headaches ... how I hate you so . 
Another week of getting things done on time . Woot !! 
is 4 for 4 in spider death match 
I hate having to come to class in the rain . :( 
rain you make me so sleepy and you always show up when i want to ho outside :( 
is glad both friday and saturday are supposed to be nice . It's going to be a good weekend :D 
wow ... I was just told that I have some very \dude \"- like qualities ..... oh my ... " 
oh what would we do with out interesting , if not intellectually stimulating , conversations ? 
Miss < PROPFEMALE > had her kittens today ! 2 calicos and 1 coal black so cute ! < PROPMALE > is jealous already lol 
It's freaking amazing how it's such a small world . LOL 
wow .... these people are nuts lol 
Ready for this test to happen . 
Woot ! Can't wait til later today ! I'm excited for warm weather and sunshine !!! And lots of other stuff too ! 
really hates this pharmacy 
had a very good time tonight :D 
Just got my new phone . < PROPFEMALE > excited ! 
I'm really feeling the lemon drop ...... :) 
Had lots of fun at pla mor . Drank too much but had a good time :) 
Is tired :) 
2 days ago it was 72 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > . Today it is 34 degrees with a winter weather advisory ? Wtf !? I hate March sometimes :( 
Completely forgot it was pi day !! 
< PROPMALE > told us to use LSD in class today . I lol'd :) 
Ready to do this interview . 
Watching these boys play quarters . It's interesting . 
Pondering life 
Got new shoes excited ! 
Cleaned out my car today !! Woot ! Now to get the oil changed and get it inspected . 
Well Fuck the car . Just got in a fucking wreck . Headed to the hospital now . Fun times 
Is at home and feels like crap . But I'm alive and well . Gonna be sore for the next few days , but nothing is broken but my car . Thanks to everyone for your concern . It is much appreciated . 
Got to take pictures of my car . 
Ans here comes the break down . A full 24 hours later and I'm bawling in the bedroom .... what a wonderful evening . 
Bored out of my mind . 
