is exhausted !!! 

is bored and tired ... but more bored than tired 
... is it happy hour yet ? 
ran over a butterfly this morning , how disturbing 
needs a few more people to join her fantasy football team . meeting this sunday at 2 downtown for the draft ... anyone interested ? 
is ready for the weekend :) 
doesn't want to get sick :( 
is upset I'm going to miss the game tonight ... someone must be TiVo-ing it ? 
says GO GATORS !!!! 
is thinking ..... jamaica , costa rica , < PROPMALE > , british columbia ... time for a vacation but so not sure where !! 
is up early and checking off the \to-do\ " list ... who is this girl ? " 
is so bored ... 
doesn't want to work ... wants to watch Steelers !! ( ps . I can like more than one team ) 
i can so pick ' em . vegas is calling wanting my latest thoughts on the up comming week ... 
51 days till 2010 !!! 
Just 50 days till 2010 , don't wait till then to make a resolution ... do it now :) 
thinks Friday is sooooo far away 
Cant wait to see the Patriots totally kill the stupid J-E-T-S !! 
Forget the turkey trot , I'm a chicken and it's going to be cold . Plus I'm headed out with < PROPFEMALE > tonight .... 
Happy Turkey Day !! Thankful for so much ... family , friends , new place ;) 
Has never done black friday before and is scared ... 
needs someone to tell her to go running ... I'm lacking motivation 
does not want to see the sun rise :( 
is super tired ... possibly sleeping in tomorrow :) 
is never going to be done moving ....!!!! 
What's up Ocala ? :) 
Miss you Orlando ... see you soon :) 
Melrose Place for you :) Check out my pics of my apartment for subleasing . $700 a month , 1/1 , can be furnished if needed . Great area Bumby/Central . Pool/laundry area/ quiet neighbors . No pets , sorry . Deposit ranges from $400-$700 depending on landlord ( I paid $400 ) . Freshly painted mocha with chocolate accent walls . Need a renter by April 1st ... before that is aready paid for so free to you :) 
Still have a few people interested in my 1/1 with only a $400 deposit an $700 a month . New IKEA everywere . Available furnished ... need April renter . Mocha/chocolate walls to give my red accent pieces a flare . Love my place but moving out . Someone is going to luck out with this furniture !!!! One wall of the bedroom is a closet with moving slides from IKEA that were $300 . Check out the pics on my book :) 
Is still looking for someone to take over my apartment downtown . I have pics up on here . Can be furnished or not but need a renter for the1st . Can even be month by month if needed . Txt me if interested . If you don't know the number just give me yours on here and I'll text you :) 
Still needs a renter .... it's so cute and cheap for downtown 
Oyster fest in Daytona Beach tomorrow !!!! 
Needs to really crush it at work this month ... anyone want to go back to college and get that degree you keep putting off ??!!!? 
Is it Friday yet ? 
I'm sooooo sleepy ... 11 hours from now I can rest :( 
.... a perfect lazy Sunday ... banana pancakes and mimossas followed by laying out by the pool 
is slightly more red than planned .... Damn u clouds and ur mysterious ways 
is ready for a 3-day weekend ;) 
I totally admit it's stupid but I need a freakin board to finish my nursery ... it's pathetic , i know 
is ready for the weekend ... T minus two hours 
is making a caribbean style dinner ... any ideas ? 
started a new schedule :) 
loves having today off ... although I still plan to drop into work for a bit 
is lovin public access tv in Minnesota . Sure to fall asleep soon ;) 
is in lov with a double rainbow 
is getting ready for vacation next week !!! 
is having a pretty lame Saturday night ... I'm so bored :( 
is ready to work real hard the next 3 days so I can play hard in < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I'm so bored ... can't wait for vacation in Europe .... I'm so lucky ;) 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > in exactly 24 hours ;) 
is back from Paris ... learning how to upload photos as we speak 
