I was able to eat a few bites of chicken last night . Hoping I can get a little work done today . 

< PROPMALE > has been extra nurturing since our daughter's accident . Not only to our girl , but to all of us . He's wonderful . 
Everything is going very well . I'm happy . Sunburned and happy . 
Thank you few for all of your support ! Great things keep happening , and everything is falling into place nicely . 
I'm taking a break from packing Autumn's things and rearranging stuff . 
I gave Zeus a big goat's horn . It's his new favorite chew-toy . If only I could get him to stop tossing it across my bedroom . 
I've been more productive , energetic and happier these past few weeks than I have since ... ever , maybe . It feels really good . Really wonderful . 
I wish my company wasn't coming over so late . I'm bored ! 
Dang , that's the 2nd time some stupid bitch tried to use my photos as her own ! WTF ? 
The one time I don't < PROPFEMALE > a weapon I almost get attacked by a Pitbull ! Thankfully , I knew his name . I wonder if he knew it was me who stomped all over his head and neck to get him off of my dog a couple of months ago . I'll kill him next time . And I'm keeping his skull as a trophy . 
The cops are raiding my neighbor's house right now . Mom's gonna freak ! 
No ! The burn ban is extended another 3 months ! Come on rain . I have a huge pile of wood on my burn pile . Arrrg ! 
Too bad I ran out of daylight . I love mowing ! 
Got more sun today working outside on the land with my son . Now I'm rearranging my bedroom . I've come to the conclusion that I have too much heavy shit . 
My dogs won't hold still enough to get a clear shot . 
There are some really kind people out there . <3 Dr. Redman Family Practice ! 
My rear is sunburned . :/ 
My daughter , Autumn , and her cousin , < PROPFEMALE > , are singing their little hearts out . So cute . 
My son is leaving tomorrow for Fort Worth for a few weeks to see his dad and the family . It's going to be strange without him . 
Autumn gave Zeus a bath with the hose and played in the water . < PROPMALE > just left with his dad . I guess it's cleaning time . 
Watch your thoughts , they become words . Watch your words , they become actions . Watch your actions , they become your character . -unknown 
All it takes is one missed dose of Paxil and I get these weird painless shocks and waves in my body . It always starts with my tongue , then face , hands and finally my arms . Annoying . 
What a gloomy , lazy , crappy , ugly day . 
Ew gross . I was throwing up . I'm so tired of that lol . 
Oh geezus , I flipped my ashes into my Gatorade by mistake . 
I have this baby bird with 2 broken legs . Let it take days to die or mercy-kill it ? 
Central Air went out . Good times . 
Thank you Uncle < PROPFIRST > , Mom and < PROPFEMALE > for all your help with the A/C . \ 
<3 
I want to go roller skating . 
The healthcare reform < PROPMALE > outlaws denial of coverage to those with preexisting conditions . It started with children , but won't start for adults until < PROPFIRST > . 1 , 2014 . 
< PROPFEMALE > bought Autumn several sets of the cutest little clothes . <3 I am exhausted . 
It's so nice when a kid becomes old enough to take on another chore . 
Hope the kiddos have a great first day back at school . 
My little girl , Autumn , and I played soccer and went running with Zeus in the rain last night . How fun ! 
I love my new doctor and all the staff there . The clinic is so nice and modern . 
