< PROPFEMALE > en Ecuador por cinco y media semanas . Hasta Luego ! 

is currently partying it up here in chone , Ecuador , leave a message after the beep . 
still in ecuador . computers are freakin slow , and i had like 80 somethin notifications 
is leavin in two freakin days ! no quiero ir ! 
got his wish . missed the plane and is stuck another day . 
got his wish . i missed the plane and am here for another day 
is missing 30 cent ice cream 
is back . pictures will come soon 
has so much to organize for such an unorganized mind 
is simply happy 
after a month of winning , just lost the game . :O 
just saw < PROPMALE > Potter and the Half-Blood < PROPMALE > . very trimmed compared to the book 
is bored yet unable to do anything to fix it 
is wondering why \to hope\ " and \ " to wait\ " are the same word in spanish . Who's bright idea was that ? " 
has to work . Yes , i've had to work 6 of the past seven days and will have to work 5 more . :( 
has got 2 hours straight of karate . Bring on the pain 
is trying to teach himself Charango 
just now figured out how to upload photos and is feeling rather proud of himself for it . 
is currently thanking babelfish for its existence as a translating website . wouldn't get far without it . 
loves his new strat 
is psyched that capo is back on ! 
never knew graphic novels were so cool . They're like a movie in your head ! 
is off to rock hill 
gets his sister back from camp tomorrow 
is currently angry at the movie Coraline but can't say why without angering more people 
isn't ready for school yet ! 
finally after three long years has a new phone ! 
school ... yay 
survived first day 
wow , already has too much homework 
is shocked a story turned out to be true 
karate test at 12 , hanging with friends afterwards . it's gonna be a good day 
thinks karate test went well 
is worried about < PROPFEMALE > letter/ color of water test tomorrow 
passed his karate test ! means new belt , new classes , and more free sparring !!! 
is ready for a Friday 
Is getting bothered by all these cause requests 
is ready for capo at noda tonight ! 
is off to carowinds . be back tonight 
has got nothin to say 
lied 
\sometimes when i freestyle i lose confidence \"" 
has psychology homework !! 
thank god it's the weekend ! 
Is trying to chart the economics of friends ... not an easy project 
had an awsome time at Tosco Music Party . Now back to homework :( 
hates IB internal assessments 
has 2 hours of karate . This should be fun 
< PROPFIRST > ur a dead man ! 
has to prepare for weekend trip to mountains . Difficult to access ANY technology 
probably will be voting for himself as well 
is off to the mountains . back monday 
isn't ready for school ! 
seriously ? 3 friends on chat ?! forget that , I'm going to bed 
must find time to watch house on hulu ! 
wish he could remember the name of that band that played the cool remix of amazing grace in caldwell's class 
a three day weekend should be a comfortable relaxation , not more free time for teachers to add homework to fill 
two down , one to go 
is DONE !! well mostly but DONE ! :D 
oh my god the first episode of new season of house is finally on hulu ! 
finished the house episode . now i can sleep happily ! 
one more project to do and I might have some free time 
has got homework done !!!!!!... now what ? 
is unsure 
why must facebook be so retarted ? 
ok seriously , i think the button saying \mafia wars\ " isn't meant to direct to \ " home \"" 
got a busy weekend 
has got a beastly essay ready for AP English ! 
is off to the < PROPMALE > county fair . 
is just chillin 
is having a good day so far 
is starting to see the literalism in the phrase \IB students will have no social life . \ " :( " 
is going on a music-buying frenzy . Don't try to stop me ! 
might be coming down with something . Crap ! 
thought club day went rather well 
might just get a relaxing day 
finished watching Zulu , pretty cool 
is sad he can't find a good version of the keyboard scene from the movie Big on youtube 
at least knows not to go picking fights with men in drag 
has an essay to do 
FINISHED HIS ESSAY !!!! HELL YES !!!! 
is really not liking DBQ's 
can't get no ! i can't get no ! I can't get no satisfaction 
Passed the Aptitude test for Governor's School ! 
needs to write them essays 
found out Naruto is on Hulu ... all 200 episodes . I think I'll be busy for a while 
probably has swine flu . only time will tell . good night 
doesn't have h1n1 but is still sick 
finds Naruto subtitiled much more entertaining than Naruto dubbed 
got a new haircut , got a recipe for fake blood that should work , This'll be a fun halloween 
had to walk home . you never quite appreciate a bike til you have to walk 
\are your parents < PROPFEMALE > and susan ? \ " lol " 
I don't know how to feel about this . betrayed ? maybe too harsh 
is having a god awful day 
is glad we got the day off . Now to write an essay ... 
what in the world is in McDonalds fries ? 
despite general poor weather , day's been fine . We'll see about the evening 
ok so day so far has been really good . So why am I not satisfied ? 
is trying to get everything set up for the martial arts club make-up picture and meeting monday and tuesday . lot to do 
is ready to partay ! 
i don't know 
wishes you could put music for your status 
is having a good day 
( stolen from < PROPMALE > ) WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , personal or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get . 
two more days ! 
one more day 
is happy with the way things are 
hates coming back from vacations 
why must life go in a constant cycle of too much going on and not enough ? why can't it just balance off at a suitable level of busyness ? 
MyLifeIsAverage.com has just made my life . just saying 
ok , so hopefully life will uncomplicate itself sometime soon 
one project down , two to go 
cool bit of info . go to google and type in \I really\ " then wait for the pop down recomendation box and see what the first option is . " 
great family bonding moment : watching sesame street and muppets ' videos for an hour 
feels like the world is conspiring against him for its sheer pleasure 
thought martial arts club went rather well 
ob la de ob la da life goes on bright . lalalala life goes on 
good party 
stuck at home with little to do . save me ! 
needs to get these essays done 
trying to write a philosophy paper on the morality of Deathnote . it would be fine without the 1600 word minimum to deal with . 
well , that was a nice way to unwind . Went to see the new Tron movie 
so tired after a day of work 
busy pretty much all weekend with my sis's bat-mitzvah . Good luck < PROPFEMALE > ! 
bat mitzvah went great , back to school and already wishing for another break 
Wow , so the < PROPFEMALE > weather freaking out was actually not for nothing . Who knew ? 
got an Econ IA to do 
Wow . and it snowed again . way to go global climate change 
went to see < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > lightning thief movie with family . Worst decision ever . All-around pitiful acting , cut out most of a plot which had been pretty bad to begin with , and directing that makes one want to cry . Sorry , had to rant about it somewhere 
desperately wants to see the Karate Kid remake . i don't care if it is nothing without Mr. Miyagi , it looks like it'll be good . 
is dead tired after Cupid's cup . and has to go work at nature museum now ... great 
thinks today will be a good day 
finally got done with a couple projects and can chill ... or can he ? 
is ready for a weekend of karate . got my sensei's sifu comin and 10 hours of seminar planned . should be a fun , painful experience 
survived the ten hours of sifu < PROPFIRST > bustillo . It was well worth it 
life is comprised of dull periods of little to do and stressful periods of too much . Wouldn't it be great if you could just find the point in between and stay there ? 
got nature museum later . til then , i'll find some way to keep entertained 
got karate practice later 
feelin good after karate practice . managed to pin the guy many pounds heavier than me that I could never pin and I beat a high red belt in sparring ( granted he was half my height , but oh well , still a win ) 
is just not in a wonderful mood right now and has no idea why 
saw < PROPFEMALE>'s Waltz last night . Wow , definitely recommend seeing that . Good job to < PROPFEMALE > 
tis a sad , sad day when the simpsons is what i turn to to cheer me up 
really hurtin from karate today . it's a good hurt though 
did not have a good day . and no its not just because the weather sucks 
just got back from touring UNC Chapel Hill . looks really nice 
it's getting better all the time 
great , one of those dull periods already and break's hardly begun 
is finally done being sick ... i hope . checkin out UVA tomorrow and mayber today 
just when I was thinking I was over this sickness , nope , no health for you ! So no UVA as well . chillin at home now 
ok so i think i'm well again , but only time will tell 
babysittin this evening , work tomorrow , school the day after . fun 
wishes trees bred asexually 
got a belt test tomorrow and can already anticipate the pain . should be fun 
well belt test went good and bad . bad : I did absurdly bad while sparring due to extreme exhaustion . good : still got my belt so I guess it all turned out well 
is regretting not going to prom . curse you procrastination ! 
AP's . and IB's . Yep that encompasses the majority of my thinking 
one down , eight to go 
is bickering with parents over whether CMS's holy unexcused absence gives me the right to not go to school the morning before my IB exam 
beasted that IB Psych exam 
Bizarre morning : finished ib psych exam , got ride to school to make up apush practice exam , no ride back . answer ? walk a mile in flip-flops . hurts to wear flip-flops ? walk down selwyn barefoot . Oh you shoulda seen the weird looks 
well , weekend at the mountains was a relaxing break from all the AP chaos . wat sucked was coming back and discovering our house was egged . nothin damaged but we're now telling dad the drawbacks of stalking the neighborhood with a shotgun looking for the teens who we think did it . I think he's simmered down enough 
karate this afternoon 
\all I can say is that my life is very plain . I like watching the puddles gather rain \"" 
combat conditioning class this afternoon . * groans * i need it but boy it's gonna hurt 
well , workout class was hard ... but not the pain and suffering I expected . I don't know whether to feel relieved or dissapointed . 
hangin around the house til I gotta go tour UVA 
in UVA . Or will be soon 
is working on his Envisci project all day 
not now !! Watching Lost 
ok so the day I start being ecofriendly and biking to school , it rains only for as long as I am riding . yep that's right , stopped as soon as soon as I arrived home . environment , this is not very motivating 
just discovered there is paper made of elephant poo . Who knew ? 
watching < PROPFIRST > Leno jaywalking videos . Really funny yet sad how stupid < PROPFEMALE > can get 
saw Welcome to the Monkeyhouse yesterday at CAST . there were no monkeys 
is trying to figure out what to do for the Psychology project . I've just got to find some kind of artwork and analyze the psychological aspects of it . 
ok so no artwork . Instead I'm working with a movie . What all is psychological about the Bourne Identity beside free-will and his amnesia ? 
2 more days 
is done !!! 
just finished his own spontaneous friend purging . more thorough than I thought it would be . if you're still a friend , congratulations . if not , sorry , don't take it too personally . either I don't see/talk to you enough , or , quite honestly , I don't consider you a friend by my definition . take your pick which 
is planning to not have a summer like last \ 
years , sitting around doing nothing . If anybody is doing anything in the\ 
next couple of weeks , let me know 
has to go help with graduation later today . hopefully it won't be half as chaotic as practice was 
it was . still , somehow , it all worked out 
is already getting stir crazy 
is cramming for the MTA auditions . Still need to find two contrasting monologues , but I got a decent headshot today 
anybody know of some good teen monologues ? I need to find 2 contrasting and I'm really having trouble 
is scrambling for monologues . yes that is all I can worry about right now 
has completed his monologue quest . now to get it memorized 
is panicking about the auditon 
got the audition today . wish me luck ! 
audition went well . now for something new to focus on 
feels his life going slowly more idle 
despises the department of motor vehicles with a flaming passion of a thousand burning suns 
got a callback from evolution studios !! 
is off to the mountains followed by Chicago . probably won't be on facebook for a couple weeks . bye 
is now in chicago by the way , and got to see Wait Wait ... Don't Tell Me live ! my life is complete 
will be leaving chicago tomorrow morning . < PROPFIRST > has also decided that if Northwestern University could only remain at 85 degrees year round , it would be his certain choice for a college 
got his AP's! a 3 on macroeconomics , a 4 on APUSH , and 5's on Calc BC , Envi Sci , Psychology , and English Language ! 
despises holy fields . and if you don't know what they are , you are blessed 
is currently practicing spinning a pencil around my thumb while watching anime . I am bound and determined to get this 
I got it ! now just to practice some more 
off to deep creek lake for the weekend . also still practicing ! 
I'm back !! 
you know an anime is good when you mourn the loss of a character . Just got to L's death in deathnote 
has done the math and discovered he must go to every karate class physically possible for the next 2 weeks in order to test . procrastination , why have you betrayed me ? 
has happily discovered that he will not be trapped in his house by the booty loop after all 
never thought bicyclists were so intimidating until now 
so today while walking to freedom park to shoot my video project for my next karate belt test with < PROPFIRST > Baker , I feel a rain drop on my face followed by several more . As I walk back home while calling < PROPFIRST > to reschedule , it begins to pour . great 
who all's going to be at the mall this friday ? 
is at the beach . be back in a week 
less than a week til school . so not ready 
got contacts ! 
way to screw over the educational system CMS !! in case you haven't gotten the email , cms won't pay for AP or IB tests anymore 
so far school's been good . Not too overwhelming 
got a karate test tomorrow . gotta make sure I'm well rested and ready 
passed his karate test ! Although I nearly collapsed from dehydration and extreme exhaustion , I didn't , so extra victory ! 
despises Microsoft word 
is in dire need of a relaxing weekend 
got a new bike ! no more riding the school bus 
two days of school , then off to new york . Sooo busy ! 
doesn't know how he feels 
of all the ways to hurt myself putting in a contact , slicing my thumb open was nowhere near the top of my list . 
knows how he feels . Really frickin angry ! 
is feeling great after a two day trip to New York 
got the new martial arts club tee shirts , and they look awesome ! 
ech , Yom Kippur . The holiday of hunger 
is in nirdvana . episodes of the big bang theory and eureka on disc 
so apparently cockroaches are not only radiation resistant , they also take an absurdly long time to drown . well , I'm scared 
has got karate later . ah well , I need the practice anyway 
anybody know of a good brand for earphones ? My apple ones finally kicked the bucket 
you never truly appreciate the legibility of your own handwriting until you try to read everyone else's 
reading Dr. McNinja . wow 
ginormous philosophy essay to work on . * groan 
is eighteen , has a drivers license , and a mild case of the flu . Bet you didn't see that last one coming , eh ? 
had a good friday . also , I hope myers park didn't get beaten too badly at our own homecoming . Anybody know how we faired ? 
had an awesome surprise party . And no , I did not expect that level of sneakiness for my family . Also social network was very good 
is gonna go see the Social Network Again !!! thanks to MP's wonderful planning . Ah well , at the very least , I'll get some rest 
karate later today . gotta start picking up classes fast 
so trying to watch fullmetal alchemist after finishing fullmetal alchemist brotherhood , not my greatest idea . It's just no fun watching the prequel after the sequel 
another week , * sigh 
so my sister made me watch the first three episodes of Soul eater . weird stuff , man 
had an epic radio experience driving back from karate . First singing to Bohemian rhapsody a la < PROPMALE>'s World , then jamming to American Woman . So worth all the stares I got . 
college apps . * groan 
had a really busy afternoon 
is both angry and disappointed . 
has mats 
successfully walked around his neighborhood blind and did not hit anything ! 
just discovered ratemyteachers.com . New way to waste time ? 
gah , soooo much stress . This week is great , but it needs to be done 
Just wasted nearly an hour researching candidates . The price of being an educated voter 
Martial Arts Club interest meeting tomorrow . ' Bout time ! 
hurts ALL OVER !!! 
off to Texas , be back by thursday night 
finished his 24 hours of blindness ! 
had an awesome last night . hope it was a good birthday < PROPFEMALE > 
new objective : learn to flip coin over fingers 
ended a pretty suckish day well yesterday . after two tests and one quiz in school , I got to < PROPFEMALE > at the mall then went to see the Elephant man at CAST 
only a couple days to Eat-Yourself-To-Death Day . should be fun 
off to Washington D.C. for Thanksgiving 
back from D.C and praying I'll be over my illness before tomorrow 
So much to do , so little time 
watchin =3 . So funny 
Stayin home with a stomach bug 
needs a haircut . suggestions ? 
had a busy , but good , day . Martial Arts Club went phenomenally well despite verifying Murphy's Law : anything that can go wrong , will . 
off to the mountains . be back monday 
ahh , nothing like a relaxing weekend in the great ole outdoors . * he says from his computer monitor * 
is mildly pissed he had to miss two different parties for his little weekend retreat . But , so life goes 
ok , scratch that little care-free status . I am pissed I missed the parties . opportunity costs never hurts so bad 
loves that euphoric feeling after a good kick-boxing class in the morning 
is already getting stir crazy . Anybody doin anything ? 
had a good afternoon . Happy Christmas to all 
is drowning in essays . 
kickboxing later this afternoon 
so me , barely balancing on a bosu , thighs shaking from tiredness , waiting to catch the 15 lb medicine ball my sensei will < PROPMALE > at my face . When was this a good idea ?! 
and once again DROWNING IN ESSAYS !!! 
just watched < PROPFIRST > Darko . I recommend everyone see it 
was mourning the closing of Visart Video . 
studying for mid-terms . Fun stuff 
is debating buying a hardstyle album of 100 songs for 10 bucks off itunes . i gotta look into this first 
\nothing was well built then\ " \ 
ok call me a nerd , but am I the only person mildly pissed about losing a day of review for midterms ? 
So there's this new show on < PROPMALE > called House of Anubis . It has terrible acting , terrible writing , and I hate everything about it . But ... I ... can't take my eyes away 
after 5 days of lazing about , I've finally got Karate this afternoon . This'll be tough 
just finished Fullmetal Alchemist . Kinda sad considering it doesn't end nearly as cheerily as Brotherhood did 
needs a new anime to watch . Any thoughts ? 
two more exams . two more excruciatingly long exams 
it is done ! 
is back from the mountains 
possibly has a metal shard stuck in his middle finger because he decided to stop procrastinating on the song for work which he was supposed to accompany on guitar . fml 
so the whole buying 100 hardstyle songs for 10 bucks ... smartest decision I ever made . 
Got done 5 songs in guitar lesson ! Now I'm feeling accomplished 
desperately needs some R&R 
< PROPMALE > , you made my week 
is disappointed he can't go to the mall tomorrow . Ah well , c'est la vie 
The Superbowl this year was excruciatingly disappointing 
After watching 2001 : A Space Odyssey \ 
\Wha -\" \ 
\Iago loved Dezzy\ 
Ran the Cupid's Cup this morning . Sooooo tired ! 
Feels accomplished 
Just watched some college kids playing quidditch across the street . I have new-found respect for Queens University 
Amongst other new-found respects : My entire school got rick-rolled by the morning announcements . They get my approval 
Anybody got a good method for dealing with a bone that's been bruised for about a week ? 
My maserati does 185\ 
I lost my license , now I don't drive\ 
I have a limo , ride in the back\ 
I lock the doors in case I'm attacked 
had a god awful day , thanks for asking 
RIP < PROPFIRST > \Sucuri\ " Togno " 
Congrats Aj Bishop < PROPMALE > on an awesome roda for his new belt . Just like the old times . \ 
\ 
Also , < PROPFEMALE > be workin at the Nature Museum tomorrow , so busy til 2 
Batiatus : Come with us . See to it I don't misuse the money . \ 
Gracchus : Don't be ridiculous . I'm a Senator . 
just finished another anime , Black Butler . Need more ! anybody got any recommendations ? 
loves that feeling after a tough kickboxing 
I have a Monk Spade !!! And it's awesome !!! Thank you so much Sensei !!! 
so much work , so little time . Gonna have to focus on this 
is already nervous 
oh , today 
First progress check for black belt cycle starts in an hour . Hope it goes well 
IT\ 
IS\ 
DONE !!! \ 
... at least the first of ten 
finished Black Butler II . good ending . Crazy powerful < PROPFEMALE > vu moment near the end 
Had a sore-tacular day 
I'm going to finish that Graduation Project today . it is decided 
So I get maybe an hour at home today , not including sleeping which was nice 
two more days til no graduation project . I just can't wait ! 
no kickboxing for today . Gotta attend my sister's theater class presentation . Sorry Sensei ! 
graduation project ? Done !!! 
printers , why you no let me sleep ?! 
hates when there's a song he really wants but it's not on itunes 
I got into UNC !!! 
just restrung my guitar on my own . I feel accomplished 
hates how online physics never works til the day it's due 
So after taking a survey on risky behavior in teens at school , I began thinking my life isn't nearly exciting enough 
feels absolutely awful . I hate allergies 
turns out it's more than allergies . Got a high fever and had to miss school 
is feeling much better after spending his ENTIRE FREAKING DAY at the UNC Scholars day 
So , progress check today . Hope I'm over my sickness , or else this'll be a long 4 hours 
just discovered he has an essay to write by monday . another con to being sick 
feeling remarkably ok after yesterday's progress check . I still can't move my thumb more than a few inches , but at least it's stopped hurting 
finished my long paper in under an hour . New Record ! 
dorkin out to pokemon black 
power outtage at the cabin so we're basically stuck in < PROPFEMALE > 
Iron Man 2 is so stupid . cliche plot , bad acting , terrible line delivery ... yet I can't stop thinking how awesome the last fight scene was 
Watching South Park with my Dad . very funny , but kinda ... weird 
so today was not quite as good as I'd hoped . No massage , but I did get 3 hours of karate and a nice lunch 
wants to start a tautology club 
finally got power back at his house 
\What ! What ! What ! Wha- No ! What ! No ! What ! No ! I can't! Believe ! It's not ! Butter ! What ! F*** ! No ! \ " \ 
finished guitar lesson . My hand hurts sooo much ! 
Finally got his internet back ! Yay , no more web withdrawal ! 
Looking at a housing application . On essay prompt was , \ 
\You are Earth's ambassador to a distant planet . Unfortunately 
Got back from his U . Va adventure . Cannot wait for college 
Currently in love with V for Vendetta 
I've made a discovery : ten pounds weighs a lot more after 3 < PROPMALE > of jogging with it 
steadily losing faith in our government . 
So after adopting a new dog , I raced off to a not-quite-as-bad-as-I-thought progress check . Not too bad of a day 
So that not-quite-so-bad progress check , the pain came a little late . my calf muscles are refusing to loosen . 
two tests and my mind is already blown . only 7 more to go 
I feel like a guitar BEAST !!! Now not only can I play all of stairway to heaven by memory minus solo , but I can now make my own solo that sounds GOOD !!! sorry , just had to express this excitement 
loves Office Space . So much 
a morning of IB Math HL followed by an afternoon of AP Physics got me thinking , \being a philosophy < PROPMALE > wouldn't be too bad . Lot's of time to think . \"" 
In relation to a particularly difficult test question :\ 
\graph the relationship as the distance increases ... \ 
has stumbled upon Stumbleupon . I'm hooked 
busy day . three karate classes down , one prom to go 
has a new goal , hope I can pull it off . Try to talk to a stranger each day for 30 days . I found this via stumbleupon and I challenge anyone brave and willing to join me in it 
Day one of talk to a stranger : completed 
Who knows what Gynecomastia are ? 
1% of people are sociopaths ... I have 245 friends . This is a question that has always plagued me : which two are part of that percentage ? 
ok Sensei , that was a brutal and evilly difficult test well beyond anything I could have expected or dreamed of in my worst nightmares . Happy ? 
is actually feeling nostalgic about school . Who'dve expected that ? 
this summer will not let my introversion bring me down 
had a good day at the pool . Despite having my shoulders baked a nice lobster red 
finds out about his roommate tomorrow ! 
Cleaned out all my binders . sadly , burning stuff in your parent's back yard within city limits is a no-no . :( 
Is graduated 
has finally learned all the monk spade kata !!! Now I just gotta practice some 
Just got back from mountains . Only one day up there , but it was still pretty relaxing 
\Everything is changing . People are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke . \ " \ 
is currently addicted to the iTouch app Fooducate . So useful 
Got a new itouch . Been playin with it endlessly 
has a multitude of bruises across his legs as well as some other uncomfortable areas 
Just finished Forgetting < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , amongst other Visart rentals . ugh , such a great comedy 
New York plans to feed its captured geese to the homeless . No joke 
off to Greece for a couple weeks . No phone so contact me through Facebook 
first day of using 365 workout app . I now see how far in shape I could be 
Greece ! 
So tired . Jet lag + workout = :( 
Finally got wifi . Congrats to all the new promotions at CMAA , you guys deserve it . 
Now in Crete for 3 days 
Finished the girl who\ 
Kicked the hornets nest . Really good series , definitely would recommend 
Finally got wifi after visiting Sparta 
Climbing Mount Olympus , be back soon 
Swears he saw a new book in the Twilight series all in Greek . Suffice to say , I'm deeply concerned 
Was just at Thermopylae . It looked very different , but ' twas still epic 
Has an achey stomach and possibly chronic gastritis . Wonderful 
Accidentally did 50 more push-ups than his workout required . ah well , it's to my benefit anyway 
Almost back in the US 
Is home . And probably asleep by the time you read this 
pleasant surprise this morning : my phone which I intentionally turned off during the trip spontaneously turned on sometime during the trip and saved 6 text messages . BTW Becca Strunin , < PROPFIRST > Pomeroy , and < PROPFIRST > Grimes , I was away since 4th of July , that's why I didn't reply 
Got my APs\ 
Music Theory : 5 ( although 3 for aural part)\ 
Statistics : 4\ 
Physics B : 4\ 
Spanish Lang : 4\ 
English Lit : 4 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet HALF won't read the instructions right ;D 
is currently in love with Deadman Wonderland . Thank you < PROPMALE > at Visart , for introducing me to such a gory and gripping anime 
in Charlottesville for a couple days 
At U . Va 
Is back from orientation with his new laptop ! 
absolutely adores his new laptop 
home alone for the next two days . Cue Risky Business scene 
After getting home from babysitting at 1:30 in the morning , being woken up an hour early by my parents alarm clock at 7 , discovering my dog had shredded half the objects in our family room , and waiting 5-10 minutes to get past the Booty Loop , I had resigned myself to the fact that today was going to be awful . Then my karate progress check was canceled due to a camper having lice . I am both angry and overjoyed 
anybody know a good way to transfer iTunes stuff to a new computer ? 
Anybody free for dinner ? Eating solo is no fun 
is anyone other than me extraordinarily pleased we didn't default ? 
was pleasantly surprised . Saw It's Kind of a Funny Story and thought it was well done . It's weird seeing < PROPMALE > Galifianakis in a serious role 
is very sore after yesterday's grappling 
is thinking of getting a cordless mouse . Anybody have one they want to get rid of or have suggestions of what to get ? 
Went to get breakfast at Starbucks . Now I remember why I prefer caribou so much more 
had a good evening . Fun karate class , torrential downpour of rain , and Canonball Run . Nice way to end the day 
Had an awesome time at the Goo Goo Dolls concert . Thanks again < PROPFIRST > Tosco for the tickets 
saw Memento just now . I can see why people think it's a masterpiece of modern film 
all my passwords from now on will be \correct horse battery staple \"" 
a conversation from Cleverbot :\ 
Person : Tell me a story\ 
Cleverbot : Once upon time , there was a purple squirrel named MAshahllliiumsbdadnwl he was a happy squirrel . \ 
... some programmer has a brilliant sense of humor 
my last day of karate at CMAA . I'm actually getting nostalgic 
is sick ... two days before move-in ... figures 
packing EVERYTHING !!! 
At UVA . It's packed with excited , overwhelmed-looking new first-years 
epic last night . Saw We the Kings who weren't half bad and some starters who weren't quite as good . Then watched Fight Club in the lounge . Good way to start 
loves college 
Signed up for like 30 clubs ... I don't know how this'll work out 
thank god for 2 p.m. classes . The fire alarm wouldn't stop running til 3:30 in the morning 
absolutely loves the Wushu club . This will be my obsession for the next four years 
hurts so good ! Thank you Wushu for giving me the most awkward soreness 
so , mushin jitsu club is inactive , which means I feel less guilty for going to Wushu and parkour daily 
To one of my computer programming savvy friends , I have a challenge . I want to somehow connect two cleverbots to each other and observe the results . Anyone have a good idea of how to do this ? 
Had an amazing time watching < PROPMALE > Deluca hypnotize a bunch of UVA students . Highlights include a guy eating his apple friend and a guy ogling a large crowd of people in their underwear 
I just realized how effectively sealed off I am from the news . The only piece of news I've seen in the past week and a half was the cavdaily newspaper which barely qualifies for news 
http://www.npr.org/2011/09/01/140124824/robot-to-robot-chat-yields-curious-conversation?ft=1&f=100 
Got laundry done ! And I have a workout schedule ! today is hopefully the start of actual productiveness 
is it hipster to feel wonderful knowing I'm a week ahead of XKCD jokes ? 
two weeks without news and the first politician on the Daily Show makes me rethink any partisanship I had . Curse you < PROPMALE > Roemer and your obscenely logical platform ! 
So , apparently only 18% of the general population can solve this quickly :\ 
Say the opposite of these words as quickly as you can :\ 
1 : Always\ 
... 2 : Coming\ 
3 : From\ 
4 : Take\ 
5 : Me\ 
6 : Down 
So a bright shiny warm day turned into rain , downpour , hail , downpour of hail , and bright sunshine . WTF Charlottesville ?!!! 
MathCad must die !!! 
I applaud you Prof . Sherriff , you really made learning about encryption fun . 
Is now officially a wash provisional member !!! 
Good morning ! Isn't it a bright lovely day ! The sun is shining , birds are chirping , and - MOTHER OF GOD IT'S COLD !!! Gah , oh god , why ?! 
so this morning I did 50 pushups without break as part of my workout . It made me think of how far I've come from struggling out only 25 a year ago 
guy in patriotic boxers and a scream mask runs thru chem lecture , stops to say \Long live lady < PROPFEMALE > ! Huzzah ! \ " then runs out the back door . Everyone in that room had a minute of WTF " 
I am about to throttle MathCad . It can convert every single unit except Celsius and Farenheit , which might be just a little necessary in calculating multiple thermal exchanges . 
god I missed Eureka 
returning to < PROPFEMALE > in the next 24 hours , for a weekend of pain . Not how I expected my first return trip from college to be . 
In town til Sunday afternoon . Anyone want to meet up either Sunday morning or saturday night ? 
So stressed about the weekend 
well , because of the football game , there is no Wushu today nor open gyms . Time to get some laundry done ! 
cold ... so cold ... oustide ... and inside 
my mind is blown . Trying to solve a calculation for thermal transfer by conceptualizing a concept I only basically understand . * brain splatters over laptop * 
I feel happy knowing the first research I have to do in college today is watching Disney < PROPFEMALE > movies 
I HAZ PEANUTS !!! TIME TO GO TAME SOME SQUIRRELS !! 
< PROPMALE > Jobs died not 6 hours ago ... And the Wikipedia < PROPFEMALE > is already updated . I don't know how I feel about that 
Chem lab : in an out in half an hour #likeaboss 
had a truly awe-inspiring historical tour of UVA . Like , that moment when you realize , how awesome the history of it is , and you're a part of it 
Surprise ! I'm in < PROPFEMALE > ! Hit me up < PROPFEMALE > ans 
Soooo much techno . I'm alternating through four different music players and about five genres and being very unproductive as a result 
