Happy new year . I'm sick . I'm losing my voice and sound like a 13 year old boy . It's smexy . < PROPFIRST > leaves monday so I pray this isn't anything that will knock me out . whine . 

So much packing to do ... no drive to do it .. 
Now the kidlets are sick too . Yeeehaw . 
I would tongue kiss my shiny new cable interwebs if I weren't afraid of getting it sick . Fairwell , dsl , you suck at internetting . 
trying to become motivated .. 
suhg . 
Holy crap did we get a lot of snow . It's still coming down too . The kids are giddy . 
season finale of < PROPMALE > = sjkalgdrsuyfgdgbghf 
We went to cafe evolution and bought three things of sheese . I am giddy . Over fake cheese . 
So , there was like massive arson activity in my neighborhood last night , which is super awesome . Only two people died , but they just * happened * to be my step mom's family members . < PROPFEMALE > , we won't be sleeping tonight . Anyone want to hellp me for a millitia ? Northampton millitia .. that sounds really not threatening . 
We didn't burn to death , so that's good . 
Dear FB , < PROPFEMALE > Palin sucks . I'm not sure why you think her and I are BFFs , but I don't like seeing her face when I log in . Thanks . 
The kids are already crying for dadda . This is going to be fun . 
Day one ( mostly ) over and done with . The kids are snug in bed . < PROPFEMALE > had a giant painting with her own spit fest today for some reason , but otherwise we survived the day unscathed . Now I just need to stop being sick so I can go grocery shopping . 
We left the house today and it went well . I got some faux chicken marinara things from the c o-o p made with daiya and they look yummy . Now I'm dizzy and tired . The end 
pink 
Feeling moopsy . The whole aloney thing is setting in and I don't like it . I need to stop being sick . It's been like over a week . On a positive note , the kids are starting to adjust and have been < PROPMALE > better . So yay :) 
is insanely bored . 
Dear bed , stop being so comfy and warm and/or magically make my kids sleep until 11 ... and then magically make me not get out of said warm bed and make sure they're living and accidentally wake them up and ruin it . 
The kids are still awake and I'm feeding them pizza and fries . Parenting fail . 
It's pouring rain and 55 out . It smells like spring . I wish it really were ! 
Today is a moopsy day . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and ... are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... they have been eaten by dragons . 
Spent most of last night in the hospital with kahlil . We were both pukies so much . They gave us IVs and anti-nausea meds and it helps a lot . This morning I stepped on my glasses and broke them in half . Hmph . 
Fell asleep at like 7:30 and I've been awake since like 3:30 .. whoops . Luckily it means that I'm just not sick enough to sleep that long . Feeling much better this morning , but my lack of glasses is making me frustrated . 
Dear fb , you are effing up my computer . Thanks . 
Not to be all wah wah wah , but today I missed my appointment to get glasses because I locked us all out of the house with no car keys and no cell phone . The next available appointment is in more than a month . A fucking month . I feel screaming coming on . 
FOOTBALLL !!!! \\o/ 
Monies FTW !! 
My car is making me caricidal . 
I am officially turning to polygamy to devote my love to my new < PROPMALE > studio stick . 
Dear right hand , please stop making me look like I smoke crack . Love , <3 < PROPFEMALE > <3 
Deals & steals ftw . Two full bags of groceries for $10.50 , can't really beat that . 
FYI , it's difficult to shop for < PROPFEMALE > ears on etsy for your five year old without feeling unclean afterward . Why must everything on earth be tainted with icky ? 
Akua is dancing to HHC in the living room and < PROPFEMALE > is yelling at me to turn it off . They are so much like myself and < PROPFIRST > that it makes me giggle sometimes . 
Feeling nostalgic and moopsy . I miss fun . 
Uhhgg snow storm . No wonder I woke up to a dream about satan . 
My baby is five today . How did this happen ? 
Does anyone know if it's worth seeing < PROPFEMALE > in imax ? 
got an iphone today yaaay 
As it turns out , it wasn't worth seeing alive in imax . I did enjoy it though . Also , < PROPFIRST > leaves in a few hours and I am painfully moopsy 
It's supposed to be nearly 60 out the next two days ! Then it's supposed to get colder and dump buckets of rain on us for the rest of the week ... 
FYI , wasabi does not feel so fab in your sinuses . Avoid that . 
I'm all manic and buzzy and can't sleep . Boo . 
I can't stop shivering !!! 
I am wiped out and totally happy about that . YAY SPRING ! 
How in the world are ear buds supposed to be comfortable ? Maybe I have extra < PROPFEMALE > ear holes , but ow . 
I've set out to do nothing today after a week solid of doing crap . It's noon and I'm already twitching . 
I'll add to my word roster . I am officially sick . Bleehh 
Chewing my nails and spacing out at the wall . 
My grandma is literally stalking me . 
Dying my hair pink . I missed you , pink hair . <3 
< PROPFEMALE > is on a big trying to make Akua into a burrito kick today . Just now she was rolling him up in a blanket and singing to him , \you're my < PROPFEMALE > burriiittooo I'm going to cook you up sppeeeeedooo . You will be so deliciiicooouus I love you my < PROPFEMALE > burriiittooo ! \"." 
It is inhumanely muggy . I really hoped to wake up to a nice , cool morning after last night . Dear central air , I miss you . 
Oh caffeine , why must you make me ill ? I could really use you right about now . 
Thaannkkss guyths 
So essited to spend my birthday cleaning . I am soooo sleepypampts ! 
Waiting at the airport . Hope I'm in the right place : x 
Today = lame . 
Ooops I got fat again . Tomorrow I start tracking again . I'm hoping that if I say it here , I'll actually do it . Someone please come live with me and guilt me into eating right . 
The humidity today is ridiculous . On the bright side , I picked up a cute pair of summery wedges for like $3 and change at target . 
Today is weird . 
Someone help me connect to this freaking irc chat on my iphone !!! It says I have the wrong password , but I triple checked and it's a liar ! 
Dear eyes , please open willingly and without delay . I am too tired to fight with you . 
I just fell asleep for what felt like forever . Seriously out cold . It felt amazing . It was only like ten minutes though . Now I just want a real nap . Tease ! 
Ready to move . 
Just binged on blackberries . It was not a good choice . 
I am strongly dissatisfied with the new version of the my little pony seaponies . I'm dying to go dig around my dad's basement . 
Anyone in western < PROPFEMALE > happen to know a good babysitter who can do weekday afternoons once or twice a week ? 
Anyone want to buy my brand new iphone for $200 toward the end of the month ? 
Sleep eludes me . Boo . 
I'm not normally big on the emo posts , but today today is lame . It would make my life immeasurably less difficult if I could get just an * ounce * of support . Why am I shouldering everyone else's drama and babysitting adults when I'm just trying to get through the day with my own problems ? The end . 
Dear ATT , get your shiz together . I want my damn iphone 4 . 
Just preordered my shiny new iphone 4 . I did it for the toads . 
Yaaayyy , poison < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I had to get a new phone number . Let me know if you want it and haven't already gotten it . 
Dear sick , please go away instead of * kind of * getting better and then getting worse in new and fun ways . 
This heat can kindly eff off and die . 
Bleh . 
Had a nice time on the cape . On our way back now . 
Meh . 
Dear roofers , I know youre just doing your job , but I kind of wish a massive thunderstorm upon you . ( also , my keyboard wont let me press the apostrophe key . It makes it go to \quick search\ " .. wtf ) " 
I just watched like six hours of glee . There is something very wrong with me . 
The c o-o p started carrying these vegan cheese crackers they sell on vegan essentials and I am a little bit in love . They also started carrying daiya finally ! 
I was so pretty today !! We went to the fair , then the playground , then to the c o-o p , and I am now worn out . Also , I am going to break in to the fair tonight and steal bunnies . 
Pretty sure my tap water has an abnormally high level of bacteria . ALL of my bettas have gotten ill with various bacterial infections no matter how well the water is kept . I am making a last ditch effort and switching to bottled water like I did the last time I lived in this apartment(and had all my tanks crash out of nowhere with bacterial infections ... hrrmm ) . It worked last time ... here's to hoping . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s first day of school . She grabbed a friend and more or less blew us off from there . hahah 
Ashas first day went well ! She and the girl in the pic I posted earlier were all hugging on each other . She forgot I packed gym shoes for her , but she says everything else was good .... getting specifics is like pulling teeth . Also , my apostrophe\ 
button is forcing me to go to search again so I cant use it . I do not approve . 
It's odd being dressed and done with my errands at 10am . 
It is an absolutely stunning day 
Would it be wrong to smack a five year old ? 
Dear 9am , you are boring . 
I just got this e-mail , sent from \me\ " : \ 
< PROPFEMALE > has an ear infection . Boo . 
Kombucha = carbonated vinegar = the opposite of noms . 
snore . 
I don't waaannna go outside !!! 28 effing degrees man . That's no joke . I need a winter coat . 
Today can end now . I would be sincerely ok with this . 
I don't waaannnaaa 
I am thankful to be home . 
I seriously could not be happier that it's the weekend . This week just dragged on and on and on . 
Clean ALL the things ? :( 
Wiinnnttteeerrrr !! Why oh why !? I don't want to lose my face and have to wear a silicone face . Please don't make me :*( 
I am a sleeping late NINJA . I don't know how I managed to get < PROPFEMALE > to school on time , but I pretty much rock ... and have unbrushed hair .. but my point still stands . 
Why am I still awake ? 
I should really learn to stop going to bed at 8pm . Without the Internet , my sleep schedule is even more effy . I don't know what I would do without my phone . 
Apparently sleep was not to be had for either < PROPFEMALE > or I since about midnight . I guess I'll get my shopping done when akua wakes up and then take a nap ? 
Aaannnndd < PROPFEMALE>'s sick . I really needed foods too . Feh . I need my husband back . Life is very inconvenient without a live in hand . 
Wrap ALL the things ? :( 
Ahhhhhhhhh glitter wrapping paper was not the best choice . It looks like ten or twelve kandie kids had an orgy on my bed . 
Lately I can't sleep at all . 
Everything hurts :( 
I have awesome friends . <3 
Apparently it's another one of those non sleeping nights . Can't say I approve . 
brraaaaaiiimmmmmmssss 
YAAY ! Snow day tomorrow . Which means I can sleep in . Which means awesomesauce . 
Dear winter , please stop crapping all over us . Snow days were fun at first , but honestly my nerves really prefer otherwise . Thanks ! 
Finally back to school and < PROPFEMALE > wakes up with pink eye . FML 
What an effing morning . 
Signed on a(rental ) house today ! Not the weird , old lady mansion house with the excessive gold detailing , but a nice , newer , smaller one . I really like it . Soooo , we shall be moving back to tx soon . 
Snow day did not happen . We did get a two hour delay at least ! 
Ahhh . Unintentional 7pm naps always screw me . 
Noooo no no no . I am not getting sick again . Not gonna happen . NO . 
It's a good day for a snow day . 
* cry * 
If you happen to see a bunch of bald people sitting naked in the snow outside of a burning house , that's us . 
It's amazing to me that it's 2011 and we haven't figured out a safe and efficient way to get rid of lice from this world . 
