mmmrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 

fml 
hello facebox . 
i feel sick :( 
you dont have to come and confess .... 
watching strawberry shortcake with < PROPFEMALE > 
Fi dolla PIZZA 
recorded an 18 < PROPFEMALE > dubstep mix . its awesome :) 
new dubstep mix -- smoked salmon -- http://soundcloud.com/jakelinx/ 
Car is broke down on the side of the road right now by dk express . I am currently eating dk express in my car waiting for help to arrive . 
dear < PROPFEMALE > , get well soon . if i could give you chicken soup , i would . a nice new ball joint and axel should make you feel better . and did i hear you mention you wanted an oil change ?! soon ill be feeding you tasty gas and speeding excessively once again ... <3 your master 
hello facebox :) 
dear facebox , <3 < PROPFIRST > 
dear pastor nate . you're a loser . fuck off and crash and burn . <3 me . ps . fuck off and crash and burn . 
kids ... drugs .. and akahol . have ruuuuiined my life ! 
bored 
wiener poopy ? my gosh . 
listening through come with us by the chemical brothers 
theres nothing left to puke up :\\ but i keep puking . ishy . 
3rd rock from the sun 
watching tutorials for ableton live 
listen here dogs , i make lots of money . gettin all the hunnies . chics in my bed or flavor on my cereal . all my rhymes are funky fresh . its always new material . scarface is my favorite movie . i got mad ballin skills i always get da booty . but when im not with my dogs slam dunking a basketball into a metal hoop , im probably robbing a liquor store . 
just had a nice photo booth session with the brookie monster . 
friday friday gonna get down on friday ! ugh . what a ghastly song . 
makin the dub step 
tired 
funny , it was outside ALLLL DAAAAAAAAY ! 
working on a future catchy tune 
thumbs down 
Concerned about bullsharks living in rivers . 10 foot vicious carnivorous fish swimming just yards from me , no thanks . 
\no adults going to waste their time putting little lines around the name jesus . and to use the terms ' wie -- wiener pooopy ? ' my gosh . \"" 
AAAAHHHHHHHH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!! 
team < PROPFIRST > ! <3 hehehe ! 
jacks mexican style pizza with a little extra motz and sprinkle chili powder over it . tasty touches by < PROPFIRST > klinkner . 
goin to kick it with < PROPFIRST > Karasch 
oils changed , cars a little cleaner inside , and now i think im going to the car wash . if you see a sexy black < PROPFEMALE > driving around feel free to stop in awe of it . 
Still laying in bed . 
Moping around 
kickin it at jeffs working on some sounds . eating sunflower seeds . listening to a car alarm go off outside . 
today sucks just like yesterday sucked just like the day before that sucked . 
thats how threebrew gangsters roll 
comatose sounds nice 
Fml 
diggin the audi titanium 18s . theyd look sick on my car . im going to take a nap now and dream about them :) 
saws and squares 
Senses a great disturbance in the force . 
biolife 
pineapple is easily my favorite fruit . right after < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > >:) 
i hear rain 
stoked to play for 2 hours tonight ! i have a pretty good set lined up so far . do i dare split that 2 hours up with some dubstep ? 
hi 
Easter < PROPFEMALE > can bite me . Why do holidays get dumbed down into shit like the easter < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFEMALE > ? Today sucks anyways . 
downloading all kinds of bomb tracks this morning ! this saturdays gonna be super legit at the animal house . 
is it worth trying serato or traktor scratch ? ive had turntables for years now , i just dont have the vinyl . this way i could start the vinyl collection ive been wanting to while still throwing down whatever the hell i want . hmmmm . 
fat mikes such a dumb cat . he jumped up on my desk and landed on my pizza ! rest assured that i beat him senseless and within mere inches of death . he'll learn . 
dropping off apps ! good luck me ! thanks me ! np . 
selling my body for money . thank you biolife :) 
i like my beats fast and my bass down low 
i noticed that more than 50% of my phone calls are completed before 59 seconds . the other 50% is ended before 1:59 . 
mixing like a freaking genius today ! this mix is a monster ! 
Bin ladens dead ! Yay ! How about the people from our goverment who played their role ? Them next ? That'd probably save this country a lot of future bullshit that I KNOW we will face sooner than later . 
do you have any more gum ? 
I WON THE CROCKET SET FROM BIOLIFE ! aAHHHhaHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!! :) this summers gonna RULE ! 
luncheon with roske 
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE -nazgul 
starting to work on tonights track list . ive got tons of new material , now i just need to piece this puzzle together into a monster mx . im really looking forward to tonight . It's going to be a lot of fun :D heres some listening in the mean time : http://soundcloud.com/jakelinx 
Mmmrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
if anyones got any absolute classic 80s or 90s tracks PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE post the name for me ! im making a misc party collection . any song you wanna hear at a party actually just tell me that too . kthx . 
stoked to start working today at the ground round ! start your thursday off right and stop on in for collosal long islands for 3 bucks . yours truly will be holdin down the fort at the front podium . 
got the cave a little more situated . turn tables and mixer are hooker up and playing choons . 
dj kue is cruuushing it 
loving electro right meow 
chillin 
gtronic definitely knows how to produce a grimey track . thank you gtronic . 
this looks to be a brilliant week 
conehead zombie photo sesh 
im in for a busy weekend . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GROUND ! I THREW THE REST OF THE CAKE TOO ! IM NOT A PART OF YOUR SYSTEM ! IM AN ADUUUUUUUUULT ! 
thanks for the birthday wishes everyone . it was a really nice surprise this morning . well . im going back to bed now k bye . 
Last night was a very good time . Summer shandys , fish tacos , chicken fajitas , smores , croquet , and good company . 
my 360s optical drive doesnt read any discs whatsoever . ive heard that i can just reset the lazer but how do i do that ? people's tutorials on youtube havent helped me one bit yet . 
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789 
gettin my rank on starcraft2 style 
to mccanns i go ! 
brookie is a little dancing machine ! 
< PROPFEMALE > global underground 
the brookie monster is down for the night . she definitely held true to her title tonight . 
of course you and i both know , there is no film in this camera . 
bakin an extravagent < PROPMALE > chocolate cake with my sweet little ladies . <3 tehe ! 
FINALLY im in the mood to dj . geez . 
http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=110179989071725 
1/2 kegger 1/2 dance party 1/2 birthday party ! 
ill be working my my set for tonights event . 1/2 kegger 1/2 dance party 1/2 birthday party ! i'll see you tonight if you want to claim your fancy birthday hats ! 
why did the rox/tav close ? i was so close to getting a big show setup there ! 
anyone want to buy a bearly dirt jumping bike ? let me know because i got a tank im selling . 
ground round is closed down now . ill have to find a new job . 
community service ! always a blasty blast . 
pesky < PROPFEMALE > ... 
anyone wanna buy a decked out dirt jumping bike ? 
remaking the threebrew anthem . anyone want to throw down on a verse ? 
<3 mccanns 
get ready to hear the instrumental for the new threebrew anthem ! 
give him the stick . DOOOONT GIVE HIM THE STIIIICK ! 
what an awful day 
starcraft2 and ableton live ;) 
HI FOLKS VOTE FOR DONNELY !!!! 
country music is a disease 
enjoying an excellent essential mix this week . 
ugh . 
<3 noisia 
for years ive been saving all of my picked scabs and mixing them in with peoples ' raisin bran . because thats gangster . 
drinkin outta cups . 
bleh 
sick of losers 
going out to the bmx track to watch the Land O Lakes Nationals ! its going to be sick watching the AA pros rip around the track . if anyone wants to buy my bike hit me up , its got ONLY GREAT , nothing poor quality , very good condition , dirtjumping bike . $450 . 
watching restaurant impossible makes me want to open a store . 
good first day . 
a gyro at bodids sounds good right about now . 
gucci man is you rollin ? 
sleep hasnt been very good lately . i never used to wake up at night but ive been waking up 5 or more times a night lately ! 
<3 orange juice 
sun burnt ! 
goodbye work , hello weekend :D 
< PROPMALE > Weyer installed my new downpipe for my < PROPFEMALE > last night . the turbo sounds very nice and i can feel my car pull a bit harder now too . < PROPFEMALE > PUMPED ! 
Just saw cops surround a building and draw their guns . Didn't see any action though :( 
im finding REALLY good music tonight . i post some that i dont want to keep for myself >:) 
Kqrs has been playing excellent music all morning and its making the day go by real smooth . Thanks kq . 
finally home from work . nice 10 hour day . sun > my skin . 
Lunch break with black hat 
Driving home from work . it'll be nice to be home in an hour . 
Community service is now officially done with . All 80 hours . 
jooooe 
mixing the musics 
teaching people how to dougie . 
hello sexy waxy car :) 
At mccanns 
Just got to the job site only to realize our drill rig has no drill bit . It fell off on the highway somewhere ! So I'm holdin down he for here by the vikings training center . Not bad , not bad . 
Been looking for that drill head on the highway all day now . What a bitter sweet surprise for the days work .. 
i just slept from 5 to 9 ! now wtf am i going to do !? in an hour its my bedtime ! 
fat mikes head is half the size it needs to be to fit his fat < PROPFEMALE > body . How does that even happen ? 
Just got on the road headed to duloof . 
Driving to suck centre for work today and got some classic chemical brothers choons goin . What a good morning . 
Happy birthday brookie we love you 
North minneapolis . 
< PROPMALE > linx has a very beefy set planned out for tomorrow ! only a few lucky people are going to be able to hear it live and experience it in all of its goodness ! i hope i dont sound like a morman ... 
I can hardly focus here at work , my minds already at the party tonight playing my set . I can't wait ! 
i had a great time last night . i hope everyone else did too ! 
<3 s nadastrom 
Eating shit . 
Working right next to the mpls airport today . 
I posted my mix from this last weekends party . I even got to use my wonka intro ! Give it a listen ! Http :/ / soundcloud.com/jakelinx/ 
Workin hard or hardly workin -- that's the name of the game today . 
Dicks 
Shwillin 
just rage smashed my phone . so quit calling . 
Coo-coos nest ! Coo-coos nest ! 
Waiting for brookie to get here . Watchin alien ! Yeeeessss ! 
Immortals looks so good ! 
Currently at a job site where across the street is a wells fargo possibly being robbed . There's a cop with an m4 posted up behind a brick sign . This shits live ! 
its not certain how sugar got so fly , but sugar certainly did get fly . 
i keep losing ! %&$^#*& ! @# 
wolfgang > mau5 
ancient aliens 
Team < PROPFIRST > ! 
I think I just finished the last day of work for the year at d&d . Tgitldoty . 
