Can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > with some family tomorrow for our late xmas together ! 

Go Vikings !! Woot Woot ! 
Going to clean my pool in a bit then after see an ole < PROPMALE > of mine ! 
Got burnt pretty bad =( but I had fun ! 
had a great night last night at the mosinee fireworks but now I'm at work and it's boring ! 
At my mums for the week , just helping out to get ready for my grad . party this saturday ! 
I wish it was saturday already ! And then monday so I can get my new cell ! 
is bored .. on a friday .. how lame ! I just wish it was saturday already ! 
At work bored out of my mind ! I wanna go home ! 
I wish I had a truck ... I'm sick of my car ! 
just chillin around with the one i love the most ! 
not ready for summer to be over ! 
I am so glad I didn't have to get up this morning for stupid high school . It feels great to be graduated ! 
my work is closing in November and December for renovations ... so no working for two months . I love it how I found that out from a guest and not my owners ! 
at my mums :) 
Snow is on its way I guess ... and I am not excited ! Summer where are you ?! 
Happy happy halloween ! Got loads of candy ... from my parents yay :) 
Got a new job ! Yay ! And later out to eat with some friends for Chinese !! 
What to do tonite ... what to do ... Maybe bowlin with my favoritist ppl ever ! 
I'm just doin dandy ! 
Cant wait for tonite ! < PROPMALE > lanes here we come for like the forth time in a row ! 
At 830ish goin to Wiggly to play some volleyball ! We are going to win cuz of me haha ... 
Training at work yesturday was alrite but tonite its time to have some fun with my favoritist people in the world ! 
Work was pointless .. I was there for 3 hours ! Glad to be home and Im going to enjoy my only day off tomorrow on Turkeyday ! 
May be going to the new college being put in the old Gander Mtn . this coming up spring ! 
Work in the morning and then bowling and xmas with the family over tha weekend ! 
Eye exam before the family comes tomorrow and then hopefully hanging with some friends ! Can not wait !! 
Do I really have to work tomorrow ...? 
Work is over , until saturday , yay ! So bring on christmas ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! And rock on , A Christmas Story is on all day long !!! 
Shoppin with my chica and later bowlin at < PROPMALE > ! 
So I got a new camera for xmas , and now I cant even upload my pictures for some reason ... where's the dislike button when ya need it ! 
The man said Tada ! 
So close Badgers , good effort to bring it back though . But prolly time to throw out the Badger apparel and move to Texas haha yea right ! 
Bowling tonite .. again ?!! 
Can't wait for my chica < PROPFEMALE > Goffin to get her booty to Wausau !! 
Parents are still out and I just got home ... wtf ?! 
Haha Packers lose !! A . roge needs < PROPFEMALE > learn to get rid of the ball . 
No work till saturday afternoon ?! Alrite , sounds good to me ! 
I licked a fireman in my car because I'm sexy and I do what I want !! 
Snow is on its way ?! Yuck ... where the hell is summer ?!!! 
Go < PROPFIRST > !! Woot Woot ! 
A . Peterson fumbled like 3 times last nite and Favre threw a pash in OT !! Fuck ! And thats why they lost . Well alrite lets go Colts ! 
... Is it Friday yet ?! 
I hate it when I put the cereal in the fridge and milk in the cupboard ! Ugh !! 
Work four days in a row , yuck ! 
Lets Go Colts !! Do It Manning !!! 
I race for your love , Shake-N-Bake < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !! 
I run LA , I run LA bitches !! 
Pants on the ground , Pants on the ground , Lookin like a fool with your pants on the ground ! 
Hanging with a couple of my favoritist chicas tonite , maybe ?! 
Last nite was amazing ! Totally the best weekend so far , maybe we can top it next weekend ?!! 
So excited for tomorrow !! 
On and off again ... stupid drama shit ! 
Have you ever wished for an endless night ? Lassoed the < PROPFEMALE > and the stars and pulled that rope tight . Have you ever held your breath and asked yourself will it ever get better than tonight ? Tonight 
People at my work crack me up , honestly it makes my day ! Do people think about how stupid they are acting when they come through my line ?! I love it , two more days off this crap , yay ! 
Gots my ears pierced , there pretty cute ! Really thinking about getting my upper lip pierced ...! 
I love Easter ! Gotta love the reese's eggs ! 
At work for 3 pointless hours and it best go by fast ! 
Bowlin with my chica then < PROPFEMALE > point to visit my favoritist boy ! 
Work really blows ! 4 more days at my second home at shopko , then its my bday , yes !! 
So work ain't all that bad , ya just gotta make it fun ! But still blows being there 5 days in a row ... 2 more days until my bday , awesome !!! 
Officially 19 , yippee ?! Feels no diff from being 18 but its closer to 21 !! 
Had a pretty good bday , shuld b more exciting to celebrate this weekend ! But thanks all for the bday wishes :) 
At work till 530 then , later hanging with some awesome chicas and going moonlight bowling ! No work tomorrow , hell yea !!! 
Can't wait to get my new and first own bowling ball , thanks < PROPFIRST > ! I'm goin pro now bitchesss !! 
This woman came through my line at work today and handed me her shopko savings card and she had man hands . Just big palms and nasty sausage fingers ... really creeped me out !!! 
So I pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin head . Bitch , I'ma pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fuckin head . And I could die now , Rebirth mother fucker . Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth mother fucker . I'm gone . Mother fucker , I'm gone !! 
Watchin the brew crew at buffalo wings n rings !! Woot Woot !! 
Darn you nigger chickens ! Hahaha can u believe a 4 year old said this ...?!! 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky were like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now ... 
Come on brew crew , let's do this ! Woot Woot ! 
Do I make your heart beat like an 808 drum ? Is my love your drug ? Your drug ? 
Happy Cinco de Mayo !! 
Last nite was picture perfect with my one n only chico :-D 
Is it December already ?! 
Alrite Braun baby , Ow oww numba 8 ! 
SWEET , Lady Gaga , that feels good ! 
So came to a conclusion that the wausau tbell sucks < PROPMALE > and ain't as nearly as good as the schofield one was ! Never wasting gas to drive there again !! 
FLYERRRR !! 
So save your breath , I will not care . I think I made it very clear . You couldn't hate enough to love . Is that suppose to be enough ? I only wish you weren't my friend . Then I could hurt you in the end . I never claimed to be a saint . Ooh , my own was banished long ago . It took the death of hope to let you go . 
Work Saturday till next Saturday , yippee ?! 
In two weeks my life will be hell , I honestly don't know what I'm going to do if he leaves ... 
He likes me for me and that's why I like him . Thank god he's staying . 
Hello , how are you today ? Did you find everything ok ? Do you have your shopko savings card ? No , just use your finger on the TOUCH SCREEN credit card slider thinger ... not the pen you write with !! Thank you , have a good day , enjoy the weather ... while I'm stuck in here 6 days in a row ! This will be forever stained in my brain . 
Sure the two days I don't wear my brew crew jersey they lose , they won thursday when I wore it .. urg . Think I'm good luck ! =) 
I wanna be a Billionaire so fricken bad !!! 
Had Starbucks today for the first time in 7 months ! It was heaven , if there's such a thing . But idk why I waited so long , its amazing !! 
No work tomorrow , you know what that means !! Woot Woot !! 
I will not bow , I will not break , I will shut the world away . I will not fall , I will not fade , I will take your breath away 
I hate dreaming about work and then waking up this morning knowing I have to get ready for work 
No work tomorrow !! Finally a nite to have fun and not worry about tomorrow , I'm excited to sleep in ! 
I think there should be some sort of sign or gesture or flickering of lights when going by another car to say hey , theres a cop sitting up ahead , so slow down ! Think it'd be one of those common courtesy things . 
If you have a weight problem do not put your fat rolls on the shopping cart while your pushing it around . ( Saw it today at work ... not so attractive , sorry !! ) 
I'm solo , ridin ' solo , ridin ' solo ! 
Party , karamu , fiesta , forever ! 
Monster Monster Monster makes me Awake Awake Awake !! I feel like I have insomnia ! SWEEEEET ! 
Dreamt of work again this morning , and guess what I gotta be there in 30min ... yay . 
Hangin in Antigo with the whole Taggart crew and fam from Cali !! :) 
May have a second job this fall at the ymca , fingers are crossed !! 
I wanna get chocolate wasted !!! 
Sure now its perfect outside and I'm stuck at work till 615 !! I hate you mother nature :P 
With my baby cakes and his cousin , havin a pretty hilarious time :) 
Loves thunderstorms ! 
So I think I may actually love < PROPFEMALE > more than thunderstorms !! :) 
And I'm doing me up with a black color liner , And I'm workin ' my strut but I know it don't matter , All we need in this world is some love ! With my butterflies this evening , Starbucks , the mall and @ 6 softball game ? 
Stoked for July 21st !! Can't wait to get it done ! 
Emergency Alert System you can kiss my ass !! I hate it when you keep interupting my show ! 
Cannot sleep too much on my mind , so irritated and annoyed ... why does he do this to me ??? Basically one word complete BULLSHIT ! 
Gonna enjoy tha sun and maybe jump in my pool for the first time this summer !! 
Lookin like another < PROPMALE > Marley day !! Everything is gonna be alrite ! 
Friday night !! Who knows what's in store ?! 
I Love the Way You Lie ? 
Was in the pool and cleaned it , all purty ! Sunnyvale @ 8 with my favorite chica ! 
I hate working in the am specially when I got maybe 5 hours of sleep . Lunch and maybe nap time ! 
Gots a sunburn , yay ! First sunburn of the summer and it hurts sooo good ? 
I remember years ago someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love I did , I did . 
Eclipse with my favorite chica ! 
I love having our own pool to go in at all hours of the night and enjoy it with tha fam and some spectacular people ! :) 
Sunnyvale tonight with my chica ! ? Rain rain please stay away , come again another day ... or don't come back at all cuz I don't like you !! 
Very interesting day all around but it was better than sittin at home !! Can't wait to see my fave chico soon ! :) 
A good day/nite all around again :) And now to spend the rest of the nite with my chico ! 
I love these gnarly thunderstorms !! 
Eww work in the am . :( 
With my chico , havin some laughs then later to sunnyvale with my fave chica :) 
Enjoying my time with my chico !! Tomorrow shall be a grand day off with my chica , mall and sunnyvale :) 
Last night was way too much fun ! And now no more sunnyvale , I'm really getting sick of you thunderstorms . 
Got my haircut , like all if it is chopped off ! It's short and cute , I love it ! 
Go Brew Crew ! :) 
Hangin out by the pool , its so nice out and I'm gonna enjoy it ! Later to sunnyvale with my fave chica :) 
Only the strong will continue , do you have it in you ? Come , we've got a journey to go . -Nas and < PROPMALE > Marley- Greatest song ever ! 
With my favorite chico and his cuz listenin to < PROPMALE > Marley !! 
Reffin volleyball at < PROPMALE > lanes tonite , should be interesting ! :) 
With < PROPFEMALE > Frahm tonite , we are so GUCCI !! Hahaha :) 
Fair tonite with < PROPFEMALE > Frahm ! Gonna eat alotta fair food and get fat ! Hahaha ? 
Loves Apple Juice ! :) 
Finally using the internet on my laptop , thanks to my phone ! 
With my < PROPFEMALE > lady ! :) Sunnyvale watch out cuz here we come !! 
Watchin my chico and his cuz play some nigger woods haha bunch of goons ! Gotta love it , good times good times :) 
Same shit different night , yea basically ! 
With the other side of the family tomorrow afternoon , lookin forward to it ... finally ! Its been since christmas that I've seen all of us together , yay :) 
Shawty Im < PROPFEMALE > only tell you this once , you the illest ... You got me wantin ' more and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > more of your love , your love , yeah , your love , your love ? 
Na na nah boo boo , stick your head in doo doo ! Yah dude !! :) 
Bonfires with drunken fam friends is always a good time ! 
My chico is such a goof , he says to me those nails are like heaven on my back , scratch me baby ! Haha guess these fake nails will be staying on for some while ! 
Friday night with my favorite chico baby ! Love it :) 
Searching for a new car sucks monkey balls !! I found a keeper ... possibly . I hope all goes well ! 
I feel like a bumb being home 3 days in a row ! Having no car rite now and no luck looking for one just sucks . 
Let's go < PROPFIRST > n AP ! Do it !!!... unlike last time ! 
Spending time with the fam in Antigo at a church picnic ! Woohoo ?! Also if I hear that damn California Girls song one more time I'm gonna flip ! 
Got a new car ! Finally ! 
Happy birthday to my favorite chico , < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
I hate being sick :( 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Corn ! ? 
Who cares if you disagree , you are not me , who made you < PROPMALE > of anything ? So you dare tell me who to be , who died and made you < PROPMALE > of anything ? 
Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul , so don't come back for me , who do you think you are ? 
Shutchyo mouth , you dirty lil hamster !! 
Vikings !! Favre and Moss let's do the damn thing !! 
Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > Goffin tonight !! This weekend is going to be amazing ! ? 
OOOOHH YEEAAAH , CHAMPAGNE YEEAAAHHH !!! 
Come on Vikings , do it Favre !! 
Realized you can't lose something you never had in the first place . 
Chappelle's show !! 
And men say women are complicated ?!! Puhlease !!! 
It's gonna be a gucci nite with my chica and chico's!!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s winning at UNO ... yeaaah well UNO'S a bitch-ass game !!! 
BYAAAAAHH !!! 
Can you say Snowmobiling soon ?!! Yay , its the only reason why I love snow ! 
With my favorite chico for the nite ! :) 
My car died on me this morning on my way to get gas ... I officially think every car that I owned hates me !! 
You're still guilty cuz you're stuttering ! 
Bring it on blizzard !! 
I love the holidays , they make me more chipper than normal ! Can't wait to spend time with the whole fam this weekend and next weekend ! But am VERY excited to see my BESTEST chica , < PROPFEMALE > Frahm !!! :) 
Family , friends , < PROPFEMALE > dinner , gifts , snow and snowmobiling make for the perfect Christmas ! Happy Holidays to all ? 
Da Packers !!! 
Ayo for yayo ... must a been craze yo 
Yea ah ha , you know what it is . Black and yellow , black and yellow . 
Interview at Applebee's tomorrow ! More money ... oh yeah , BYAAAH !!! 
Got the job at Applebee's!! It was a piece of cake ! Orientation is Wednesday , yay !! 
Here we go !!! GO PACK GO !!!! 
The < PROPFEMALE > Bowl and Super Bowl in one year , oh yeah Wisconsin is Da bomb !!! BYAAAH !! 
Orientation tomorrow at 2 at Applebees ! So glad I got this job ... now gimme the moola !! 
I'm starting out as a hostess tomorrow at 10am ! Wish me luck !! 
Effin snow !!! Seriously you can stop now and melt !! 
FYI all you stupid drivers out there do not flip me off when I'm on your butt cuz you're doin 35 in a 45 !! Yes there's snow on the road but its WISCONSIN , learn how to drive !!!! 
Hold up wait a minute , Let me put some kush up in it 
Green n yellow , Green n yellow !!! GO PACK GO !! 
\What's a bieber ?! \ " Haha .. \ " He looks like a girl ! \"" 
Really did that just happen ??!!! PACKERS WON THE SUPER BOWL !!!!! GREEN N YELLOW ALL THE WAY BABY !! BYAAAH !! 
Never say never ?! Um no ... how bout you NEVER say < PROPFIRST > Bieber around me , NEVER EVER !!!! 
Aww yay , P.S. I Love You is on !! 
