I'm so bored 

I miss the central coast ... 
Ahg !!!!!!! 
Stupid chem . Stupid counselor . \We're here to help ! \ " hen why'd you put me in a class that has alg 2 level math ... IF I HAVEN'T PASSED GEOMETRY DX " 
I'm in < PROPMALE > and new media !!! 
YEAH TOAST 
Just wrote a 6 paragraph editorial on religious intolerance in this country . Oh and OMG GREEN DAY ON MONDAY !!! 
I love you 
MLIA 
Green Day concert = AMAZING 
Grrrr ... 
I scare freshman , apparently my friends let out that I'm scary when I'm pissed . 
Sing us the song of the century That sings like American eulogy The < PROPFEMALE > of my love and conspiracy Of forgotten hope and the class of 13 Tell me a story into that goodnight Sing us a song for me 
uhg 
Ew ... gym 
facebook link = not working for me 
massive headache 
< PROPMALE > cosplay = complete 
Blarg ! 
I am very very bored . Very bored . 
Stop . Sending . Me . Farmville . Crap . 
Harvest moon = Better than farmville 
Today , people realized the left half of my face does infact exist and is not negative space as Birdy and < PROPMALE > thought . 
Why does at least one person always try to text/call me while I'm in the shower ? 
Blah ... I want curry . 
OMG ! You killed < PROPMALE > ! 
I knew it 
My dentist is so talanted he managed to botch a filling . on a molar . its half filled because he's an idiot . 
Hooray for < PROPMALE > Python's flying circus ! 
I painted a wall ... 
So this one time , at < PROPMALE > club , we decided to have a p < PROPMALE > y . 
Do you know how long it takes to post 35 photos , 5 at a time , each upload taking 5 or so minutes , and then captioning each one ? A long time . 
Went to the beach today . Drove four hours total to stay at the beach for two hours . I slept for an hour and a half of that and you know what ? It was totally worth the car ride . 
Dude ... people shouldn't have to have their mothers take pictures of them whilst asleep on a beach . 
Soooooooo .... I'm being babysat . because apparently I'm not old enough to stay home alone 
Oh damn . My babysitter is sick and cant stay tonight . What does my mom think I'm going to do ? throw a party and burn down the house ? 
I NEED A RIDE TO JENNA'S D: 
Homecoming = awesomeness 
Yay ! My daddy's coming up to visit for my birthday !!! Thus making this the best birthday ever . period . 
DONE WITH MY POSTER PROJECT !!! it only took a little more than an hour 
Sigh ... 
Today = mostly horrible day 
Should have renewed my antivirus sooner ... 
PAAAAARRRRRTTTTYYYYYYYYY ....! well it isn't until tomorrow ... but still ! 
< PROPMALE > , you know me well . It may have something to do with you've seen my room . 
Stupid reoccuring zombie nightmares . Stupid lack of sleep . 
Ren fair is this weekend , whose going ? 
Uhg ... been up since 4 ... 
It feels like I can't do anything right today and I may have pushed away someone important to me ... 
Fun day today at ren fair . Had to change my shirt though ... it was loose at the top ... so yeah ... and corsets are great for posture problems . theyre so tight , its stand/sit strait or suffocate . 
Well ... this sucks ... 
Organization 13 cosplay in the works . Tell me if you wanna join . We have a roxas , a demyx , and a larxene . 
If only I could figure out how to apply the roxas wig tutorial to my own hair ... 
Last night was awesome ! For the most part . 
I cant feel the left half of my upper lip >.< 
I'm sick ;-; 
I'm a red head again ! no offense to the blondes , I'm sure I love most if not all of you . 
Never trust someone to email you stuff . 
Just changed my language to french . It's interesting , I'm also working on my french vacation project with < PROPMALE > . 
I . Am . Offended . 
My poem placed 3rd :3 I think 1st place poem was too fluffy though 
So , I just walked two < PROPMALE > home . my legs hurt now . 
I am never working with < PROPMALE > ever again on any power point related project ever again . 
blah 
I have successfuly drawn < PROPFIRST > . 
Ok , I need to stop drawing < PROPFIRST > . He's invaded both my sketchbooks . 
I BAKED COOKIES :D 
A dream is never as frightening as reality 
blarg . I'm in pismo . 
Happy new year :P 
- < br / > Cats were put into the world to disprove the dogma that all things were created to serve man . < br / > - < PROPFIRST > Gray 
Hey look the internet is back ! 
Doppelgängerweek ; change your profile picture to someone famous you have been toldyou look like . After you update your profile picture , cut and pastethis to your status 
Bordom may not be able to kill you , but the combination of bordom and a head cold ?! I think it may just be possible x_x 
DIGIMON !!! 
No I will not go to hell . Satan still has that restraining order against me . 
Just entered the yugi oh duel to rule sweepstakes ... should probably find my cards on the off < PROPMALE > I win due to the 9 year old dueling champion that tthinks he's super cool that I may have to duel . 
I have enough left over adanbertos to last the rest of the week ! 
I'm hungry ... but I'm tired of adanbertos ... 
Its 95k for a BA in graphic design ... but 25k for a baking and pastry < PROPMALE > diploma 
Registering for folsom lake is complicated @-@ 
Just spent two hours figuring out what I may want to do after high school 
Obviously people think I'm dead somewhere because I cant just come home and be lazy without informing people first 
If all our life is but a dream , fantastic posing greed then we should feed our jewlrey to the sea , for diamonds do appear to be just like broken glass to me . 
I sure wouldn't want to be the person who woke me up at 3am cause theyre screwed . 
I realized today that i wear an obscene amount of grey 
\Omigosh < PROPMALE > got an a+ its the apocalypse ! Everybody run ! \"" 
Had an awesom time at < PROPFEMALE>'s 
Is considering starting to get ready for prom 
The DJ single handedly killed prom . 
Apparently , my warden senses are tingling . 
Doesn't want to leave for school yet , but really doesn't have anything better to do ... 
The frog < PROPMALE > sounds a little too much like zevran 
Have you ever cut your gums while eating a chip ...? Cause I just did . 
... < PROPMALE > Curry is a voice actor in dragon age ... for arl rendon howe 
Got the organization 13 blazon sewed on my hoodie . Now I just need beads , chains , chord , and jewlrey clasps 
I get to sleep in until 10.30 tomorrow 
I want to make earrings out of shrinky dinks ! 
Finished my organization jacket !!! 
I love not having a science < PROPFEMALE > test today :D 
I have this feeling that this defrag is going to take a long long time even though it just defraged two hours ago ... 
STILL DEFRAGMENTING >.< 
Ahggg ... jenna's right , today does suck . 
Why dont people get that I dont feel good ...? 
Ok , someone at senior ball has to go 80's with a powder blue tux ! 
Sad I had to leave the party , but so glad I left when I did 
Big spoon was awesome ... still just tying to kill time until tomorrow ... 
Kingdom hearts two kills time nicely . 
One day- I will defeat sephiroth !!! Even if it takes me another 4 years !!! 
pissed off the person who sits infront of me during 4th period . But he whines like a girl so I think he deserved it . 
So Fall Out Boy songs are all tuned for DADGBe 
I KILLED SEPHIROTH !!! 
And I'm just the man on the balcony Singing nobody will ever remember me Rejoice , rejoice and fall to your knees Lunatic of a God or a God of a lunatic Oh , their faces are dancing They're dancing ' til , ' til they can't stand it 
Fabric marker smells nasty . 
Big plans for tomorrow 
Sorry to everyone the the FB player posted to ( aka EVERYONE ) It's essentially a spam app . 
I feel like i didnt sleep ... 
Me gusta mucho este helado mexicano 
$30 gets me a full tank :D 
A door jam just saved me from a really bad fall . 
Salsa do not go on salad 
Yay ... dance of the dead ... 
Greys anatomy is so depressing ... 
Dunanananananana dunanananananana ... BATMAN !!! 
Who votes a feild trip to six flag magic mountain sometime this summer ? 
I can totally see why ren and stimpy is only on at 4 in the morning now 
Chalk zone !!! 
Great time minigolfing with twitchy and bizzy today :) we won hats ! :D 
Off to fanime 
Keeps getting hit on . One girl and three guys 
Rocking my Reno wig . I almost dont want to take it off . 
They posted grades on edline today !!! \ 
I got all A's and a B !!! 
Rockin` party . we got glow sticks ! and a dj ! 
Made a chainmail shirt out of all the green glow sticks at the party . \ 
I feel sooo accomplished 
Hello twelve to thirteen hours of sleep ... 
I want to go play zombie tag ... but my mom says its \illegal \"" 
You know you shop at gamestop too much when both guys ask if you've apped yet and then say see you later when you leave . 
See you all in july . Unless you live in atascadero , then see you soon 
I wish American Mcgee's < PROPFEMALE > wasn't $60 ... used ... 
don't you hate when everyone is asleep or doing something and you're awake ? 
The episodes of codename kids next door that I want to watch ( Operation D.O.G.F.I.G.H.T and the dead hamster one ) are part of season two . I have the two discs of season 1 . 
FROOTLOOPS !!!! ( my giant box of fruit loops . Not yours . ) 
Making cast list for < PROPFIRST > in wonderland . \ 
message me about parts . 
Someone tell mrs < PROPFEMALE > kile ! \ 
Pixar shorts are on disney channel ! 
So I found a tutorial for making axel's chakrams for under $30 
I need more ductape D: 
Hooray for illegal fireworks ! 
And then there was sound . \ 
And it was good . 
SO I've been old by the nice guy working behinde the counter , that someone may possibly be quitting soon . So Iplan on going back this weekend to \get green day rockband\ " aka inquire again . " 
There is sand in my itouch case ... 
Sooo ... forks make bad spoons ... 
I think we should have another skate day next teusday 
I hurt ... 
I want to hit my head against a wall , still in that much pain ... 
Need to go to gs and ask if theyre hiring again . Its been a week . 
Never going back to subq . Ever . I dont believe that girl really knew what she was sayin when she said the soap wont sting . I'm gonna go get some dial ... 
Sooo ... i think I'm going to learn to rap ... any thoughts ? Not sure if I should . 
Best party at matts house yet . 
Owwww ... my faaacccceeeeee ..... 
Lalalala ... my mouth hurts at 5 . Every morning . Cant sleep . 
Painting on a oval canvas ... started making it look like a stained glass window ... not really sure where to go from here ... 
In the words of neicy nash ... All this mayhem and foolishness needs to just STOP . 
Somehow ... there is an mblaq app on my itouch ... it was free and i'm happy . 
Netflix instant view disc ... it kills all hopes of plans ... 
Resting is borrringggg 
Watching any form of pokemon movie isnt half as fun with out my friends ... 
I miss the days when I didn't have a piece of my back molar missing mysteriously and my jaw wasn't getting over an infection -_- \ 
ah the good old days ... 
I'm borrrreeedddddd .... 
Got fine < PROPMALE > photo , gov , math reasoning , and early dismissal 
Wow I'm challenged ... 
< PROPFIRST > clooney = best batman evah 
Gotta love that 70's show 
Does anyone know what the name of the asian guy from courge the cowardly dog is ? The one that always says ' watch where you're goin ya fool!' 
I want tempura 
For 24 hours starting now you can message me any one question and get a totally honest answer . 
Hahahaha ...! Its september !!! 
Please note- zombies have really soft hair and are very nice people . 
X ??? X does not spell key ?!!!??!! 
You’ve got opinions , man\ 
We’re all entitled to ‘em\ 
but I never asked\ 
So let me thank you for your time\ 
and try not to waste anymore of mine\ 
And get out of here fast\ 
I hate to break it to you babe\ 
but I’m not drowning\ 
There’s no one here to save 
Baking and cleaning . \ 
Please note- i am not sharing my cinnamon bread . 
Movie night wih meh homies . Good times . 
Oh my god its pirate day ! 
Happy birthday to me ... 
And then mikayla cut off her hair 
We are the knights who say ni . Fear us . 
I'm sick of fairytales and their optomistic lies . 
Ren faire in two days !!! 
Sweeet . I get to work on a web comic . 
I feel accomplished 
Cant wait for friiidayyy !!! 
I has job :) 
Teachers in costume\ 
They make my day . 
I wonder what the chances of me pulling an all nighter are :/ 
Just went trick or treating for the first time in three years . Its even more awesome now with the shocked looks . 
Work = epic win 
I told myself I was going to go to the gym today . Somehow I managed to start playing dragon age .... again 
Damn i missed a spot ... or three ... 
I'm thinking its time for either baulders gate 2 or more dragon age 
Tomorrow = adventure day . Have no idea what I'm gonna do , or who else shall quest with me , but it'll be awesome cause I say so . 
Hopefully- next week I'll finally get to work more than 8 hours :) 
I probably shouldnt be so excited about working in 4 hours ... 
Its raining its pouring 
Stupid jostons packets . 
Screw you black friday ... 
Kiss the sun and burn our lips dead radio\ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > girl you will never ever , ever make me the\ 
Perfect killer\ 
Outside the rabbit hole is a < PROPFEMALE > shop of poison\ 
-killer likes < PROPFEMALE > 
It doesn't matter how you feel , life is just a ferris wheel\ 
it's always up and down , don't make a sound\ 
when you wake up , the world will come around\ 
Lullabye- Fall out boy 
Lets play this game , called when you catch fire\ 
-Fall Out Boy 
Please note- people stare when you walk around in a black < PROPFEMALE > dress . 
dance your fears away\ 
worries for another day ! \ 
let the music play\ 
down in fraggle rock ! 
Going for psych . Hello extra schooling . 
When we burn bridges , it is only to keep ourselves safe from the world . 
Wow today sucked . 
Uhg . 
Mmm ... phantom of the opera 
Hey look- lunar eclipse ! 
So yesterday at cvs , I looked up at the security screen and could see through myself to the shelf behind me . Now , I'm wondering how I can turn up slightly see through on camera ... 
Yay ! My car is clean !!! 
Almost time to walk into hell . I just want to live through today :/ 
One day of hell down- another 3 to go 
Between work and Xmas- I have enough money for a hotel room at fanime . 
Yay for new hair style :D 
The power rangers are gonna be at sac anime ... the origional power rangers ... 
I had no idea school didn't start until tomorrow . 
Hmmm ... now if only I could stop eating :/ 
No work this week apparently ... \ 
What the hell am I supposed to do outside of school ...? 
So I need 24-29 pieces for ap studio art . \ 
It's been a week and I have a definate 12 pieces so far . 10 concentration , 1 quality , and 1 bredth . \ 
I think I'm working too fast ... 
If only i felt like cooking ... 
the more I work on this picture- the more I hate it 
I agree with izzy- there will be no conforming to new signs . I refuse to be a Virgo and will continue to be a libra like I always have been . 
I think this weekend has great potential for some nonstop kingdom hearts gaming , that will go on until whenever board game night starts tomorrow . 
And now i wait until may -_- 
I dont want to get up at 6 on a saturday to take a test at 7.45 ... 
Woot ! Netflix sent spirited away ! 
Have you ever wanted to play a game that you haven't played in 10 years ? I have , in fact I feel that way right now . 
Eff ! I dont want to move all this furnature !!! 
Uhg . Why is it always 4 in the morning that i wake up ? 
Extra sleep is nice\ 
Backwards schedual is not 
Oh hatter ... why must you punch holes into walls ? 
Dont you hate when you're reading something thats ridiculously long , and you want it to have a happy ending , and the end sucks , but the glimmer of hope comes when you find out there's a sequal- except the sequal is FAR from finished ?! \ 
Cause I do . 
