Facebook , stupid little Zoo game and Im like a lamb to the slaughter . 

103.4 Temp , coughing up stuff that is just fugly , but at least my Zoo is better than < PROPFIRST > Campbell ' s 
Feeling better , still can't breath but hell its overated . 
Nothing quite like the look of accusation on your 6 year olds face when you pop that loose tooth out . Thank god he ran up stairs so I could laugh my ass off . 
Wanted to go shooting but seems Im the only person I know that can survive if its slightly cold outside . 
Ok I need help . While I abhor animal violence , I also have been blessed with 15 hamsters . So I am faced with either doing the next Saw movie with an all rodent cast or giving them away . Please take one or two or three or four or five or six or ........ 
Do they make hamster condoms ? 
December 15th , Hangover I can hear you calling me ! 
Ok , when the snow is above the car tires its ok to be worried , untill then move along nothing to see here ! 
I am begining to think a hungry rat is a proper interrogation tool . 
Ok after reading well over 200 pages of BS court documents , and policies on IEP/ESY I can now say I am so in over my head , but that is a common thing since kids showed up ! 
Should we worry about the stuff we find or the stuff we have yet to find ? 
They spent Sunday at Mom's , scrapbooking , puzzles , and knowing Jaxon food , I had a midterm take home , and a physics test and project to finish up on . Call < PROPFEMALE > the kids would love for you to go to the YMCA or Pump Up the Fun . They get a huge kick when Mom goes with them and on Saturdays when < PROPFIRST > is there . 
Getting ready for IEP , any lawyers out there that want to come along ? 
Have you ever woke up at 3am because you cant figure out a physics problem in your dream . Nothing like being in a math nightmare . 4 Hours later you figure it out and then its too late to go back to sleep . 
Hiding in my house untill the dentist fixes my tooth lol ! 
TOOTH FIXED , now if I could just stop saying Fur , must use For , must us For ...... 
Can goldfish be possessed ? I swear its staring at me .... 
Heading to Miami next week , if I get donations Ill get a back wax while at the spa :) Think Mom said she would put up 50 if I took video of it . 
Remember fat people shouldn't fly , But Im gona risk it . 
Ok few things to clear up here , 1 . Miami is sweeeeeeet ! 2 . Miami driving is like going to a strip club , must have singles . 3 . The coconut monkey still makes me laugh . Will get pics of the monkey for later lol . I miss my boys and girl so much I cant stand it another day . Guess its time to accept the fact that I'm an old married guy . Hell I didn't even look up a strip club . 
Well I think Jaxon is going to be making the move to are regular class room , Still have some thoughts and ideas to bounce off < PROPFEMALE > , but do not see any reason to not try it out . Now if I just never have to deal with an IEP meeting again I might be able to find my soul . 
Nothing makes you feel better than cleaning your guns . When the zombies come will you be ready ? 
Nothing say Happy Anniversary like , \You know we don't have a ball gag for your naughty girl ! \ " I love that woman . " 
Ok thought this was amazingly funny .... Think of it as a movie series . The Jews liked the first film but hated the sequels , Christians think you need to watch the first two but the third just doesn't count , Muslims think the third one was the best , and Mormons liked the second one so much they started writing fan fiction that doesn't fit with ANY of the series . 
Everyday I see a new reason to stop believing in imaginary friends . 
Have you ever caught yourself thinking , I wonder if a woodchipper and lye would be enough ? 
Why is there never a job opening for an executioner ? 
Well I never did like that apple tree anyway ..... damn I am going to miss it . Hopefully no house damage , no leaks yet . On a side note < PROPFEMALE > made some great apple crisp . 
If there is one thing that amazes me it is the amount of cheating that goes on during finals . From old school writing on the arm and long sleeves to straight up talking to the person in front of you during the test . 
Ear hair , I swear I can hear it grow . 
I need to deflesh something new . Anyone have some cool roadkill ? 
Gettysburg , Hershey < PROPFEMALE > , Land of little horses , Antietam , Giant slide , Trans Allegheny Lunatic Asylum , < PROPMALE > Sturgis Pretzels , Strausburg train ride , < PROPMALE>'s Ark and Baskin Robins . I am so sick of my family , but I do love them ! 
I am ready to see a voodoo priest to get rid of this back pain . 
Jaxon is coming around with 3-5 word sentences , which is nice but this evening on the way to the animal shelter he sang the entire \Oildale ( Leave Me Alone)\ " song by KORN . So I think we are going to get some songs for him to listen to that have a few less \ " F\ " bombs in them . " 
Watching \Red Dawn\ " and all I can think is how my vision of < PROPFEMALE > has changed so much over the years . " 
It's not that I am a nonbeliever , I just don't believe you . 
She tried to sneak up on my but I was able to hold her down long enough to get JoeJoe to tickle her and scream \Pee Mommy PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! \ " \ 
... And not one laugh when the nurse at the doctors office asks my son why he is here and ( mind you I coached him on this ) looks her straight in the eye and says \To quit smoking . \"" 
The only way I could be more excited about the < PROPMALE > Potter Movie at the IMAX this weekend is if there were strippers ... \ 
\ 
Ok maybe if there were zombies and strippers ... \ 
Zombies , strippers , and < PROPFEMALE > ... \ 
Zombies , strippers , < PROPFEMALE > , and a gun show ... \ 
Zombie strippers drinking < PROPFEMALE > while selling guns during the < PROPMALE > Potter Movie would be just too much to ask for , wouldn't it ? 
I think I might like ABBA ...... the HORROR !!! 
Well looks like I am in need of another . 410 youth shotgun , who has one that their child has out grown ? 
Thanksgiving ' 10 has taught me that sisters should love each other , especially when playing Mille Bornes 
Master's degree here I come . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
I graduate today , so that I can go back to school , so that I can graduate , so that I can go back to school ..... 
Red and Green cream of wheat for breakfast . 
... \We must not look at goblin men 
20 gallons of water , a cup of shampoo and 1 boxer\ 
My new recipe for hilarity 
The internet is not just for porn anymore . Now its 90% porn 10% FB . 
So where is a good place for used/new cameras ? Need some decent macro shots of a few skulls that I have and for my thesis work . The cheap set up I used today was nice but was a real pain . 
Lessons that I have learned today , \ 
1 . Women lose most of their ability to reason on < PROPFIRST>'s Day . \ 
2 . Opening the lab on < PROPFIRST>'s Day so that a female student could study , while helpful , is not conducive to a happy evening at home . \ 
3 . Chocolate bouquets are a cure-all , in all situations save one . 
Think I am about done with graduate school . Lost my cool this evening , a few f-bombs and d-bomb slipped out . Give me a test I will pass . Ask me to jump through a hoop , I will be the dog that drops a deuce on the judge's shoe . 
1 Badger hair shaving brush , 1 tin of Bag Balm , and Jaxon . Any guesses on what comes next ? \ 
Best part is this act was repeated 24 hours later . I can not wait for that child to study chemistry . 
When using live traps , please keep in mind a grown raccoon can jump 3+ feet . 
The party is over when management comes to the door , lol . 
Pleurisy is one of my new top ten most painful things . Its between baseball bat to the head , and setting a broken finger without meds . 
