is retreating from society for a couple of weeks . But you may still leave a message on my phone if for whatever reason you need to . 6318487294 

can't believe that we would lie in our graves , wondering if we , had spent our living days well . 
thinks Johansen is a bitch 
thinks Johansen is better than he it 
disarms you with a smile , and leaves you like you left me here , to whither in denial , the bitterness of one who's left alone . oo oo oooo the years burn . 
? _ ? 
The best argument against the 4th class system is a five-minute conversation with the average knob - Commandant Churchill 
he who stands with me shall be my brother - force commander 
Excuse me < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Oswald , Imma let you finish him , but let me just say that < PROPFIRST > Wilkes Booth had one of the best assassinations of all time . ALL TIME 
Almighty god , the source of lightning and thunder , i implore thy blessing on this our beloved parade deck , so that we dont have to do parade . 
thanks wiles , my schedule for today is : wake up , WoW , PT , WoW , get dinner maybe , fuck ESP , WoW , morning formation . no wonder ppl die playing WoW 
class , WoW , morning formation . 
WoW , morning formation , SMI , WoW , Mandatory Football game , WoW 
feels better from flu week and is ready to begin yet another enjoyable week here at the Citadel ! 
is sick of being sick , go away flu , get . 
< PROPFEMALE > police , I've given all I can , it's not enough , I've given all I can , but we're still on the payroll 
basically has some kind of duty/class from 0600-1950 today with an hour break after lunch . 
We’ll run away together , we’ll spend some time forever , we’ll never feel bad anymore ... hip hip 
the < PROPFEMALE > police have an outstanding warrant on me 
< PROPFEMALE > Thanksgiving and a Happy New ... oh wait , wrong holiday , oh well , that one's only a month away :] 
Alea iacta est 
She gets mad , and starts to cry , she takes a swing but SHE CANT HIT !! 
< PROPFEMALE > says , I'm done with < PROPMALE > , He treats me like a ragdoll . < PROPFEMALE > hides , the television , cuz she don't own him nothing ! 
has returned to New York ! 
bah , missed gold stars by a single class again , I need to stop playing chicken with my grades . 
in vino , veritas 
stalk the night , if that's your wish , with your foolish garlic chains and crucifix 
errare humanum est , ignoscere divinum 
Qui desiderat pacem , praeparet bellum 
is on a new laptop , < PROPFEMALE > xmas to me yay 
would think he is at a civilian college if he didn't know better 
wakes when his American comrades go to sleep 
< PROPMALE > officers really know how to party . 
is gonna start rewatching every season of JAG 
Stadtluft macht frei 
doesn't know what an erlebnisbar is but will check it out tonight 
is going to get drunk , then go to st. pauli , and then get more drunk , hopefully among other things . 
had a good nite now musr sleep 
is gearing up to go visit Berlin and Szeczin , 10 pts to whoever guess what I'm going to do when it gets there . Hint : it includes alcohol and no im not gonna rub it into my wounds . 
is back in his relatively-warm home in hamburg . Traipsing around continental Europe during the winter months sucks so I'm gonna go check the weather in England or Italy or something for my next long weekend . 
is gonna go for steak nite at the casino later , if only there were steak nites at the mess hall . 
Some French guy addressed an email to me as \Dear Yin Yang\ " ... I'm going to eat now . " 
eat , drink and be < PROPFEMALE > , for tomorrow we die 
is watching Der Untergang 
enjoyed a night of bowling and drinking with the officers 
is totally DONE with being concious 
startin on a lotta squidbilliez 
accidentally bought < PROPFEMALE > yogurt instead of strawberry because he didn't bother to read the < PROPMALE > packaging :'( 
“The mind can make a heaven out of hell or a hell out of heaven” – < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
yay gonna watch DMB in concert on Feb . 16 here in Hamburg 
an enjoyable super bowl , nice interception by the saints . 
wooo DMB tickets for their hamburg show next tuesday are coming . 
fryin up a pound of good steak for less than 5 euros 
can't wait for the < PROPMALE > Matthews concert 
is gettin ready for the < PROPMALE > Matthews Band concert tonight in Hamburg 
had a blast at the < PROPMALE > Matthews concert , especially since they had a cocktail bar . 
anyone have good cocktail recipes ? Stocked up on all kinds of alcohol and fruit juices . 
is going to enjoy the amenities of Amsterdam 
is gonna have a cheeseburger in paradise , except it's noodles actually 
squad , that's at least 7 out of 20 in one night . 
This weekend in Amsterdam has been arguably the best week of my terrible life . Absolutely no \stamina\ " left . " 
Sinking in a sea of sadness , I have finally found a little island and I am adrift no more , and I shall swim no more . 
is going out for a drink and a think 
a few drinks = a few euros . a couple of shishas = a few euros . some good ideas = priceless . Now I go marching into the night until I am tired . ' til morning comrades . 
Et puis seulement quand c'est fini , alors on danse . 
\I wish I could take you with me in my suitcase\ " I wish I could've fit . " 
waits for classes to be over so that the drinking for st. < PROPFIRST>'s day can commence . 
has a great week coming up , or so I hope . Fun starts after class ends , must drink . 
i returned to an alehouse I used to frequent , and I told the landlady my money was spent . I asked her for credit but she told me nay , such a custom like you i will take any day . 
lucky me , I found the < PROPFEMALE > bar with live music and every single person of irish/british descent in Hamburg . Happy St < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!!! 
exactly one month from now , lost prohpets play hamburg live ! 
was rather unlucky tonight , oh well , there'll be plenty more nights . 
love is an anesthetic that dulls away the horrors of the world . 
alors on sort pour oublier tous < PROPMALE > problèmes . 
is disturbed that he is starting to enjoy music on the top 40's chart 
would think it lovely to see some 2nd amendment rights being exercised in a march on the capitol ... 
going for a run in the lovely spring weather 
the weather wasn't really that lovely ... 
decent night , hopefully better weekend coming up 
time ... is ... slow ... need this weekend to come faster , please 
waited an entire lifetime to meet you , but can't bear to wait another second til this weekend . 
you spend your life splashing around in a little puddle until one day you realize there's been a great lake 10 steps away . 
enjoyed a really excellent long weekend . Like stepping through the looking glass ... Well , out of Elysium and back in reality ... 
one of these days , pow , straight to the < PROPFEMALE > . 
\Do you like how I sing a love song ? Do you like < PROPMALE > VanGough ? I like to walk the streets at midnight . I wanted you to know . \"" 
a little less than 2 weeks til lostprophets play hamburg ! 
you're so fucking special , but I'm a creep , I'm a weirdo , what the hell am I doing here , I don't belong here . 
Darmok and Jalad at Tenagra 
it's you that I adore ! you'll always be my whore . you'll be a mother to my child , and a child to my heart , we must never be apart . 
what if what is isn't true , what are you going to do ? what if what is isn't you , does that mean you've got to lose ? 
\I'll sing for you\\ If you want me to \\ I'll give to you \\ And it's a < PROPMALE > I'll have to take \\ And it's a < PROPMALE > I'll have to break \"" 
for some reason , the music video to Try Try Try by the Smashing Pumpkins makes me feel really sad . 
\For too long / They held us under /But I know /We're getting over \"" 
Ik lach met de duivel , niks is verleidelijker 
one day this has to end , til then , carpe diem 
het licht gaat uit vannacht 
L'enfer , c'est < PROPMALE > autres 
living is easy with eyes closed , misunderstanding all you see . 
June already .... my time draws soon to a close . 
A presto , Sicilia 
save tonight , and fight the break of < PROPFEMALE > , come tomorrow , tomorrow I'll be gone . 
will be visiting Sicily soon . Hello beach . 
< PROPFEMALE > says , im going away to spain , soon as i get my money saved , gonna start tomorrow . 
so lonely inside , so busy out there , and all you wanted was somebody who care-ee-airrairs 
sicily , your lack of infrastructure and money exchange places has driven me insane , and yet I will miss your pristine beaches . 
sigh , im destined to walk this path alone for the rest of my life , at least until I find the courage to stop living . 
the greatest enemy of my dreams is reality 
our middle eastern wars are as boring as soccer ... we're at 1-0 and the second half doesn't end for a few more years ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is in my ears and in my eyes , there beneath the blue suburban skies I sit and meanwhile back . 
Pools of sorrow , waves of joy \ 
are drifting thorough my open mind , possessing and caressing me 
country road , take me home , to the place , I belong 
vliegt terug naar Amerika , vaarwel Duitsland 
try to hold on , this heart's , a little bit colder , try to hold on . 
tot ziens 
he wakes up in the morning , does his teeth , bite to eat , and he's rolling . never changes a thing . the week ends , the week begins . 
singing , our space songs on our spider web sitars , love is around you and in you . 
who needs life when you have new games . 
somehow i got spinal meningitis , injectin all that hair spray in mah spine , it's a super cheap way to party , if you aim to kill some brain cells and some time . good luck gettin them child support checks from me now . 
es reitet der < PROPMALE > so langsam 
I wear my own crown and sadness and sorrow . \ 
\ 
And who'd have thought tomorrow could be so strange ? \ 
My loss , and here we go again . 
mit dir bin ich auch allein 
Erst wenn die Wolken schlafen gehen , kann man uns am Himmel sehen . 
I move along , just because I'm lazy . I move along , to be with you . 
another < PROPFEMALE > . when will der < PROPMALE > relieve me ? I stand ready and waiting . 
yay , my clean record at the citadel has been rewarded with amnesty , i feel so fulfilled . 
so glad i signed up for guard during the football game instead of the now non-existent spirit run . 
arbeit macht frei ? well at least when im done with the SMI im kinda free ... 
loves watching american psycho , and needs to go return some videotapes . 
dinner at dorsias ? 
if you have to go , don't say goodbye . 
immer lauter mit der musik ! 
What stops my knife from reaching my carotid ? that force is the will of God , and his will is that I will not die , for I am already in Hell , and I must live through it . 
Kom we brengen het beest naar buiten 
errare humanum est 
So what happens now ? Where am I going to ? 
finally got my < PROPMALE > matthews ticket for november !! 
I'd like to be , under the sea , in an octopus's garden , in the shade . 
If you have to go , I will get by ... some day I'll follow you , see you on the other side . 
Ik vraag me af wat je doet . 
if you find our graves , we won't be there , there are thousands of places left for our despair ! 
believe , believe in me , believe that life can change , that you're not stuck in vain . we're not the same , we're different . tonight . 
whenever I run to you , lost one . It's never done . Just hanging on . 
mister death , I knock on your door but you're never there . Come home . 
does not mix well with < PROPFEMALE > or sake . 
and we don't even care , as restless as we are , to fill that hole , in a land of a thousand guilts and poured cement . 
rit u sneller , dood 
well < PROPFEMALE > , have the lambs stopped screaming ? 
and if you catch me unawares , slide the knife into my heart , that i may transition cleanly into death . 
bring the bullet to my heart , that my body and mind be in the same state again . 
\Sanity is for the weak \"" 
\Last scene of all 
With the weekend comes the alcohol and the still darkness which lets me rest in peace , if only for a while . < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > police , I've given all I can , it's not enough , I've given all I can , but we're still on your payroll . 
\I am captured ! Darn Luck ! \ " - Placard of the Suez SS . Enter Price " 
Dome Rock , at the lad , with , ten aguas ! 
enjoyed his karaoke night with Jojo ! 
well , you can't get what you want , but you can get me . 
the power of singing aloud is that it is louder than the voices in my head . 
s'cusa me , but you see , back in old napoli , that's amore . 
up on melancholy hill , sits a manatee , just looking out for the day , when you're close to me , when you're close to me . 
we're back , and we're better than ever ! chaos is our master ! 
Et puis seulement quand c’est fini , alors on danse 
Does anybody know ? If we're looking out on the day of another dream ? 
life wins , free will surrenders 
do you hear the voices too ? 
Alors on sort pour oublier tous < PROPMALE > problèmes , alors on danse . 
cuz when i leave for the night , i ain't coming back ( til 0100 ) . 
Qui dit fatigue dit réveille ? Encore sourd de la veille . 
hasn't enjoyed a weekend as much as this one for a long time overdue . 
\and we sing ! if we're going nowhere ! and we sing ! if it's not enough ! \ " Time to sing this night away while I'm feeling up ! " 
Het licht gaat uit vannacht , kom we brengen het beest naar buiten 
waits for the day . 
Please join me in putting this in your status if you or someone you love has been putting up status that make light of memorial statuses of legitimate causes . My wish is that people will understand it is already bad enough to be\ 
obnoxiously aware of the causes everyone fights for and we don't need more clutter in our news feed . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at\ 
least one hour ? 
come visit my heart and mind for a while . 
Let me rest your oasis , where the mirages of the desert can pass me by and fade away . 
strangers when we meet , strangers on the street , lovers while we sleep . 
there is no such thing as innocence , only degrees of guilt . 
speak to me in a language I can hear . Humor me before I have to go . 
come on invisible hand , bring me a good quarterly report from the market . 
The sharp knife of a short life , well \ 
I’ve had just enough time 
Didi : It’s four o’clock in the morning ! Why on earth are you making chocolate pudding ? \ 
Stu : Because I’ve lost control of my life . 
Lost and insecure , you found me , you found me , lying on the floor , surrounded , surrounded . 
[ Exit stage right ] This is not an exit . 
I've lost control of my pudding 
drivin down the road , I get a , feeling that I , should've been home yesterday . yesterday . 
\How did I escape ? With great difficulty . How did I plan this moment ? With pleasure \"" 
can't read my , can't read my , no you can't read my poker face . 
Amour Amour , Alle wollen nur dich zähmen 
is defending 2nd battalion from zombie attacks and Osama bin Laden . 
RIP Grandma , 20:04 11/09/2010 
Détente is painful 
Death , only after great pain 
I'm not fit for existence . 
nobody left to bury here . nobody left to dig the holes and here we can rest in peace . 
broke my laptop's power cord . Might as well have cut off my silver cord and killed myself . 
Heartaches by the number , troubles by the score , everyday you love me less , each day I love you more . Yes I've got heartaches by the number , a love that I can't win , but the day that I stop counting , that's the day my world would end . 
choke me in the shallow water , before I get too deep . 
we feel the pull , in the land of a thousand guilts and poured cement 
this time baby i'll be , bulletproof 
feels calm and loved 
deserves the coldness and the hate . Must be paying off some old karmic balance . Let me finish soon so I may find safe harbor in warm arms again . 
waits listlessly for the weekend , where a variety of chemicals will assist in generally beckoning me closer to my inevitable death comfortably . Hookah time on friday night as usual . 
add me 
l'etat c'est moi 
hail , lesser than I , and greater . not so happy , yet much happier . 
Where do I go , follow the river . Where do I go , follow the gulls 
drinking mercury , to the mystery of all that you should ever leave behind . 
a few more months til i get drunk and i can enter the realm of mental immunity . 
eat , drink , and be < PROPFEMALE > . For tomorrow we die . 
And it's been awhile , since I can say I love myself as well 
for this lent , I am giving up genocide . 
the beach is my folly , and folly is my beach . 
There is no such thing as innocence , only degrees of guilt . 
Did anyone not come as Frankenpervert ? 
even the warped mind can see the odds stacked against it . 
there is no catharsis , my punishment continues to elude me and I gain no deeper knowledge of myself ; no new knowledge can be extracted from my telling . 
