mission complete . Happy New Year 

Wondering when the USA became the USSA ? 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter ... 
Gimmie the girl thats beautiful , without a trace of makeup of on , barefoot in the kitchen , singing her favorite song . Dancing around like a fool , starring in her own little show , gimmie the girl the rest of the world , ain't lucky enough to know . 
Saw an albino deer today . 
Last day at ROS today . Kinda sad . Gonna miss everyone ... 
Is stayin home from now on . Too much drama out there for me ... 
First day at a new job . Not too bad 
wants to be a pirate . Guess I gots to head to Somalia to live out the dream ... 
thinks he has developed a case of narcolepsey or something 
Now I'm out here counting airplanes Trying to make sense of the change And I don't wanna be just anybody So don't try to figure me out I won't try to figure you out 
You can't have no in your heart 
Got told at work today that he knows what i'm good at ... Spilling things . Well that's something I'm good at then . O and bleeding . but that has really slowed down 
I don’t need a whole lot of money \ 
\ 
But I wouldn’t turn a lottery down \ 
I just need a little green in my pocket \ 
So I can buy my buddies a round \ 
All I want is a place to lay my head with the woman I love lyin’ in my \ 
bed \ 
Kind of understated \ 
My dreams aren’t that complicated 
While waiting in athens went to the carnival for a few minutes and actually came away with more money than i started with 
Wish someone wanted to go to the cowboy with me tonight and see Steel Magnolias . But I gotta work tomorrow so might not be good idea anyways 
Shot myself with a staple gun today 
Well moved up from staple gun to nail gun today . At least today it only was a richochet 
sorry if u text me today and i didn't reply . my screen on my phone is broken . so i can't read messages or see who sent them . Sorry 
Finally got a replacement phone 
Something bit me ... 
Had the greatest idea for something fun . Could be a little dangerous though . I gotta try it though and see how it goes 
We don't need no bureaucrats\ 
No scientists or diplomats\ 
To help us figure out what this world needs\ 
Just sweet old fashioned goodness 
I just want to say thanks to all those who have served and/or are serving our country in its armed forces . And also a special thanks to those who have given their lives for this country . Thank you all 
Been a long week . Even though it was a short week 
Wicked Awesome that < PROPFIRST > is here . Freakin miss you man lol 
Can someone please invent me a time machine ? 
Has had a wicked awesome weekend 
Never again will the pool game sharks and minnows have the same meaning for me 
Keepin the Smith family in my thoughts . Sorry for the loss . 
just dance ... all i'm gonna say 
Happy father's day to all the fathers 
And i know what i have to do now . I gotta keep breathing . Cause tomorrow the sun will rise . Who knows what the tide could bring ? 
is a champ 
Goin to < PROPFEMALE > with the crew tonight and do it up right in Cookeville . Maybe I'll come back ... 
Ok i came back ... 
I'm trying i really am 
And the only thing I can count on now is this bottle in my hand . \ 
I'll know I'll never have to share it , oh , with any other man . \ 
And I'm so glad you introduced us and I'll do the best I can . \ 
To be faithful to this bottle in my hand . 
Goin up to Spring City boatdock tonight . Gonna miss livin it up without Wilkey and < PROPFIRST > . Miss you brothers 
Gotta check out this little party I'm not too sure about . But if it sucks I'm sure I can find somethin to do 
Gotta find some < PROPMALE > discounted fireworks today 
I think I got that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > disease .... My skin is all white 
What's a guy gotta do to get a girl in this town\ 
Don't wanna be alone when the sun goes down\ 
Just a sweet little something to put my arms around\ 
What's a guy gotta do to get a girl in this town 
sometimes goodbye is a second < PROPMALE > 
So tired of going to doctors . 4 times in less than a week is way too much 
So found out today that i got the job 
Drive in tonight to finally see Despicable Me 
Start orientation for new job tomorrow 
No ! I can throw up on a stripper anytime . Tonight , I wanna not throw up . On you . 
So glad this day is almost behind me . Weird what can really get to you 
If you ever feel you have lost your innocence or need to escape back into your childhood a happier time . Then get some friends and play some hungry hungry hippos . I couldn't help by smile and feel a lil better 
is Bored ... 
To the < PROPFIRST > !!! 
is goin to bed . start the night life tonight 
man i hope these next couple weeks will go by quickly 
need to stay up . Anyone out there doing anything ? 
In every loss , In every lie , In every truth that you'd deny\ 
And each regret and each goodbye was a mistake too great to hide\ 
And your voice is all i heard that i get what i deserve 
Can't think of a better way to spend my weekend besides working every night 
wants to do something 
Last night 
Going home wouldn't be so bad if I had a reason to go home 
Lost horribly at putt putt tonight . I think I have just gotten cocky from winning so often 
Gotta go to bed soon . Work tomorrow ... 
What is wrong with me ? When does the train wreck end ? 
Ready for a weekend of college football 
Go Vols . Duck hunting season starts early this year 
She got a gold tooth . You know she hard core 
October seems to have a great lineup of movies comin out . Guess I'll have to go to the theater as much as i hate it 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself . Yeah everyone can see it but only you get to feel the warmth 
Go Vols !!! Make us proud . 
No shame in that loss . I for one am proud of them Tennessee Volunteers 
Think its time to < PROPMALE > that green < PROPFEMALE > again . 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold , hey . \ 
I'll be fine once I get it , yeah . \ 
I'll be good 
a win is a win 
Where are the girls who have long hair and and like to wear dresses ? And also like to experience nature a little and don't care to maybe get a little dirty all for the sake of fun ? 
Man i felt like a real dork tonight lol 
The world is a vampire , sent to drain . \ 
Secret destroyers , hold you up to the flames . \ 
And what do I get , for my pain ? \ 
Betrayed desires and a piece of the game . 
It's a foolish thing to think , that you could kill the hurt with drink . \ 
But it's the only thing i can think of now 
Can not wait for work tonight . Gonna be a good night 
Chances roll away from me . \ 
Still chances are more than expectations . The possibilities 
I can't stand to fly . \ 
I'm not that naive . \ 
I'm just out to find\ 
The better part of me . 
Better than Kool-Aid , sweet my buttercup , baby's got a pretty face . \ 
I got to have it , it's another bad habit , and I hope I'm not here too late . 
So it may be sad that it takes a friend to take me to the lawyer for me to go , thanks by the way . But hey it's not easy for me . 
Rumor is our shift schedule might change . Don't really know what i want though ? 
Lookin forward to a good weekend 
Bored . Anything to do tonight ? 
Can't keep denyin you have children when they keep reaching for you in the bar . lol 
All the fun stuff happens while I'm havin to work 
one more day ... 
Pumped about seein Due Date tonight 
Anytime is the right time ... 
Got up this morning to make pigs in a blanket ... Why did i wanna make pigs in a blanket so badly ? 
Can not wait to get this house clean 
Happy Thanksgiving 
Thank you all for the birtday wishes . I am grateful for my friends and family 
Operation Ground and Pound scheduled to hit Cookeville tonight 
To all us dreamers :\ 
< PROPFIRST > Gogh cut off his ear . Everyone told him he would never be a great painter . To which he responded . I can't hear you 
hoping for a good long weekend 
Being lost is so close to being found 
Thinking it may be time for some changes 
I hate it when everyone leaves 
Let's see what else can go wrong for me today 
Can you believe someone told me i have a bad attitude ? 
