All b/s aside , life is what you make it . 

Bout to go get the one and only Drewsoph !!!! :) 
wishin my truck was easier on gas ... 
If girls with large breasts work at Hooters , then do girls with one leg work at IHOP ? 
thinkin im gonna rest up a lil tonight , that way i can get DRUNK tm night !!! 
\and you wonder why they call you bitch \"" 
said F@#$ it and deleted myspace . 
got my car back and it's runnin awesome , and now it's FOR SALE 04 saturn ion . Anybody interested ? 
so i towed some random guy the other day at like 130 in the morn like 3 < PROPMALE > through town , b/c he was broke down at the gas station ... where's the good < PROPFEMALE > ?? 
\For every dark night there's a bright day . So keep your head up ... chest out 
kicked out my back window ... i love you drew ... :) 
wondering how much those windows are going to cost me .... 
found i window for like 200 bucks installed , hopefully gettin it replaced before any rain comes ...... i must admit my truck is quite drafty though without the backwindow . 
if you are old and you drive an electric scooter make sure your battery is charged , hell < PROPFEMALE > an extra one , just in case . Because next time im drivin by while your stuck in the intersection , im gonna smile and wave . 250 lb man in a scooter with a dead battery , bitchin at me that im hurtin his back while im pushing him , lmao ... 
turns out it's hard for a two year old to grasp the concept of driving ... 
sick ... ugh 
A man’s success should be measured ‘not so much by the position he has reached as by the obstacles which he has overcome 
thinkin today will be better than yesterday ... 
overturn the call and give him the perfect game ... 
well you must have been raised with \principles\ " tell you parent's i said they did a stand up job ... high five . " 
“I am only one , but still I am one . I cannot do everything , but still I can do something ; and because I cannot do everything , I will not refuse to do something that I can do . ” 
If you see your family start to resemble your enemy , remember , they are your family ... 
tired ... 
One of these days im going to be able to throw my < PROPFEMALE>'s cup away at burger king ... that is if they ever empty the damn trash can ... it's a good idea to have one in the drive through , but not if you don't empty it , lol . why don't any fast food places have trash cans before the window ?... 
calm , cool , collected ... 
when all else fails ... most likely w/e you try next will also fail . :) 
f@#$ you !! you fuc#$ng , F&ck !! lol if there is anybody who thinks this could possibly be aimed at them .... then it probably is ... lol 
\The true measure of a man is not how he behaves in moments of comfort and convenience but how he stands at times of controversy and challenges\ " MLK Jr " 
The elevator to success is out of order . You'll have to use the stairs ... one step at a time . < PROPFIRST > Girard 
There are good days and there are bad days , and this is one of them . \Lawrence Welk \"" 
good day with lil man :) 
softball where have you been all my life ??? lost one and won the other one 20-2 ... now im gonna go chill b/c im out of shape , and tired ... lol unless anything intriguing pops up ... but it's parkersburg sooo ... 
good thing i got my truck washed , right before it rained .... 
headed to pick up lil man and go raise some .. heck .... already in PG mode , lol . 
in serious need of a vacation !! hmmm .... 
been pissin off pretty much everybody i come across as usual , lol ... it's just a persona ... but it gives me joy . 
In spite of illness , in spite even of the arch-enemy sorrow , one can remain alive long past the usual date of disintegration \ 
if one is unafraid of change , insatiable in intellectual curiosity , interested in big things , and happy in small ways . 
to nice to be inside ... 
i really enjoy mowing ... 
i am rubber you are glue whatever you say bounces off of me and sticks to you 
gave a ride to some dude that rode a bike to parkersburg from charleston ... picked him up while gettin gas at marathon right by the interstate ... he said he rode all that way for some nookie , on a girls mountain bike . true story ... 
my driving may be out of the ordinary ( scary ) but if i can ride with me then anybody can ... 
The 90's are killing me . I shouldn't have done that . You're not supposed to tell a guy you're gonna kill him no more . I got to tiptoe through the tulips with these assholes . Taking all the fun out of the job . 
finally realize why i left this place before ... some things never change ... and some people only change for the worse ... bout time to bounce im thinkin ... gotta finish up summer school first ... but then im thinking peace out pburg ... 
trying to come up with 10 bon fire commandments , or rules or w/e ... any ideas ??? 
Back to school . Back to school , to prove to Dad that I'm not a fool . I got my lunch packed up , my boots tied tight , I hope I don't get in a fight . Oh ! Back to school ... back to school ... back to school . 
\Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion . You must set yourself on fire . \ " < PROPMALE > H . Glasow " 
Rain + Parkersburg + Community Service = An Exciting Bday , i volunteered for the community service , this aint court ordered .... lol 
pulled up to the park today with lil drewsoph , and saw that there was already two other ( separate ) dad's with their sons there ... and not a mother in sight ... not callin anybody out , just puttin it out there ... 
yep 
good night for a fire ... 
I just want to officially say thanks to the tuff guy who decided it would be funny to scratch \fuck you\ " into my tailgate . I really appreciate the fact that you were such a pussy you key my vehicle and i had no idea who you were . I knew if i kept my mouth shut long enough i'd find out who you were ... :) thanks for being an idiot ... ttys " 
Missin the lil guy ... :( 
\See everything ; overlook a great deal ; correct a little . \"" 
And in the end , it's not the years in your life that count . It's the life in your years . ~ Abraham < PROPMALE > 
If you wish to forget anything on the spot , make a note that this thing is to be remembered . ~ Edgar < PROPMALE > Poe 
To those of you who received honors , awards and distinctions , I say well done . And to the C students , I say you too may one day be president of the United States . W 
need a mechanic ... anybody want to put a heater core in my truck ?? it's cold . 
I have two words for all those who participated in the fairplanes elementary christmas program , tonight ... simply amazing ... especially ... aut and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
\People who don't Think probably don't have Brains ; rather 
The monkey's outta the bottle man ... pandora can't go back in the box ... 
well heck 
