[ I'm just going to reserve this space for everyone to understand that there are angry words that should rightfully and justifiably occupy this window ] however , I shall not offend the facebook world and will swallow them instead . 

Completly ready to let go of ' 09 now . Bring on 2010 .. I have a feeling its going to be interesting to say the least . 
Yes Yes Yes another post . I am now using both of my Xmas gifts .. The keyboard and this kick butt mouse !!!! Its awesome .. Gaming Mouse G500 . Tho .. I left the white fuzzy dice fir my car at Phill's house .. hehe ok well next time I'll be using all three . 
Liv is finally comming home today ( shes been gone for what two weeks ?! with the exception of one day) !! Im so excited !! :D Its amazing how much you can miss your kid(s ) when they are gone . I mean its fun to come and go as you please for a little bit , but my lil peice of sunshine is missing . She also will meet < PROPMALE > tonight . I've got butterflies .. Im so nervous . 
Staying at moms tonight .. just a precaution from me being dumb enough to let it slip to the wrong person what hours I work .. Yeah my lawn guy was in compstat the lawn care is his m.o to breaking and entering .. and he's a reg . offender ... WTH is wrong w/ me ??? I knew I shouldnt trust random people !! 
ooooh noes !!! ---- hersheys bars were on sale @ walgreens .. 29cents each ... ummmm shhhaaaaammmmeeee on me . doooooommmmmmmmmm 
Checking out part time or latenight full time jobs online . 
Sometimes I feel there is a hole inside of me , an emptyness that at times seems to burn . I think if you lifted my heart to your ear you could probably hear the ocean . Sometimes when the wind is warm or the crickets sing , I dream of a love that even time will lie down and be still for . I dont know ; maybe I've had my happiness . I dont want to belive it , but there is no person , only that < PROPFEMALE > ... 
SO now that I have posted a few things and have contemplated my current state , and thought over some things that are new in life .. and now that its 315 am .. I'm tired .. sooo if someone gets this prior to idk .. 8am If you dont mind , give me a call to make sure im not late to work .. again .. :D hehe much love to all yall ( yeah if your on my list , i got much luv for ya hehe ) 
Sometimes ya think ya know people . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c5xjSgcGTvc 
<3 Just me , myself , and I tonight . Gonna watch a few movies I guess .. hmmm I do have some stuff I could drink .. 
Off to bed , not that anyone cares :D One last listen to Red jumpsuit apparatus : Your Guardian Angel . ~ Event if saving you sends me to heaven ~ 
YAY ! Get to work w/ < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow night !! ~ Will be missing ya Heidi ! ~ 
Yuck . Just .. Yuck . 
Ok so not only do I feel ' yuckie ' I also woke up feeling like that on the outside as well as the inside . Ugh . 
OMG Great time @ work , I missed my buddies !! ~ Et tu < PROPFEMALE > , I'd not make it with out you and my ' girl crush ' < PROPFEMALE > HAHA 
Realized two things in the last ten minutes : 1 . I was meant to be a performer .. of what .. undetermined . 2 . I really dont like comming home to an empty house .. HAHA hey I'm gonna listen to something thats totaly not me .. < PROPFEMALE > Spears OMGWTH :D idk just in that kind of mood 
has Accomplished tons !! & it's only 10 o'clock , take that ! :D Now , only one thing could make this day better .. 
Phone crashed , took a bad fall at work . Using one from like .. early 90s hehe and I apparently have zero reception in the house ... wow oh well , nothing I can do for now . 
Woke up out of a horrible nightmare , apparently been sleeping for a few hours . I dont think I have actually screamed like that before in my dreams managed to scare both me and Liv . UGH and it wasnt even serial killer crazy or anything like that ... man its gonna be a long night . 
Last ammendment to the book and its printing now , will be in the mail by noon ... YAY ! 
Dang it , mom r-u-n-n-o-f-t ' n left me . :D enjoy mexico and your .. ahem .. honeymoon muhahaha 
<<<<< THATS RIGHT , W.o.W IS DOWN FOR MAINTENANCE FEEL THE WRATH OF MY BOREDOME VIA VIDEO >>>>> ( least till i go to the gym for class at noon ) 
ok so this cell phone thing is bugging the bejesus out of me D im so sorry it keept hanging up on you S im sorry i cant get your txts to and from you quickly .. its turning off and on on its own and i hate this !! 
Way bored , c'mon < PROPMALE > wake up I need someone to entertain me dang it !! 
Liv and I are both rather sick today , I have zero voice and this painful cough and she has a horrible ear infection . Least we're both feeling too be moody about it . Haha . 
YAY the weekend ... ooh wait I still gotta work . wellll crap . 
came in to check the mail .. and going right back till 2130 . 
Sometimes you have to stand back and as , is this going to get better or what ? Liv got up with some Exorcist puking around 0330 , it just seems like we cant get better and stay better . Jeez . & what the heck ??!! I STILL cannot hear out of my right ear !! 
R . I . P My dear phone has passed , as many only knew her as Cell , she was my close friend , LG . I can not say I was suprised , as she had been on her last leg for the past three weeks . -- But on the serious side , if you text or call , I'm not ignoring you .. I just have no phone any longer . 
Yeah .. Happy Thanksgiving .. Some of us chose to be happy and enjoy family and friends .. and others choose to call their ex's and say horrible things . Jeez , thanks . ' s ok tho . 
Quick post before bed ... :D < PROPFEMALE > .... went to a midnight Thanksgiving dinner w/ < PROPFEMALE > & met awesome people .. and have plans for Wed !! Yay 
Yeah , I'm gonna stop smiling ... Eventually . 
Gonna check out EVEonline . 
Yesterday while cleaning the house Liv told me she wrote me a note and < PROPMALE > it on the wall . I was rather busy and didnt think about it after that . Lastnight/date came and went etc and Im hanging out here at the house . Thought I'd take a nap so I go to close the door and see the note on this paper taked to the wall .. 
A tribute to work ..... I think of this song constantly at work and thought I'd never be able to find the actual song . MUST LISTEN http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ_xaTbMYUM 
I only have one thing to say to you people ... WASABI PEAS !!!!!!!!!!! 
is totaly psyched that I got today off !! Everything over the past day has been perfect !! 
Alright .. those of you who know me ( and i think thats just about .. umm everyone on here ) Know that I have awkward moments .. and today has been no acception . Come to think of it .. its a toss up between today and saturday night , for my biggest faux pas . So I'm clumbsy and always slipping up .. some people find that attractive right ?!? lol .. hope so .. otherwiese im out of luck LOL 
Sleept like crap lastnight , loads on my mind . Gonna actually cook breakfast for myself and see if that makes things seem any better . Also going to make homemade chilli , cornbread , and brownies this evening .. if my mood gets any better that is . 
Ok .. we all knew Lady Gaga was off by some of the throwed off stuff that chick wears ... the weirdness that is her video Bad Romance cannot be put into words . I refuse to link it .. because that may be the thing to give me nightmares LOL !! 
Made chilli had to leave out the beans , turns out im not a fan of kindey beans . The chilli was nice and spicy , made great cornbread and all . Dinner was good . Too bad it was alone lol not even Liv here to eat . 
I . broke . my . keyboard . obviously ... no . space . bar . DRAT ! thats . ok . i'll . figure . this . out . one . way . or . another . meanwhile ... back . a t.t he . BatCave .... 
Hanging out here at the house , gonna call it a night after I change out some laundry and I have a ton of things to do tomorrow between work and graduation so i have no idea how to get everything crammed in !!! Lots of stuff on my mind but nothing I can share here :D 
WANTED : My smexy black shirt .. or the red one just like it . I cant find them anywhere ! They must have r-u-n-n-o-f-t . Been looking for days . If you've seen them , Contact me via cell phone . :P 
When's Facebook gonna go ghetto and give a \baby daddy/baby mama\ " and such relationship link so I can hook up more people on my lists ??? Come to think of it .. Dear FB moderator ... " 
So , Although I h8 holidays I have to make an exception as its kinda been way awesome today and will continue tonight ( too bad I have to work tomorrow and < PROPFIRST > all that up . ) I miss my baby , and wish it werent snowing so badly or the roads werent so aweful . But thats ok , she knows < PROPFEMALE > will let me hold her gifts till she comes home <3 . Now that I made myself tear up thinking about her .. I'm gonna go cry and call her . 
BTW .. so it wasnt snowing when we left my place lastnight and I wore high heels . YA . That doesnt go well with several inches of snow !! My poor toes ... they are freezin still ! 
Looks like just about everyone had a good Xmas , some even got a miracle . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > texted to let me know Liv just lost another tooth ... it was just a few days ago she lost one at moms house . Makes me think about how time goes by so fast , I cannot believe she will be seven . Makes me think of alot of things we need to do .. alot of firsts and family traditions we need to make . 
Yay ! Gonna get liv tomorrow and spend the evening/night with her before she goes off to her ' Dad n Jens ' :) I'm super excited for her to get the gifts < PROPFEMALE > left for her !! 
Hmm .. I'b beginning to think again , that I will be ' stood up ' tomorrow . Sadly for some throwed off reason it makes me laugh . I may be seriously messed up w/ this whole ' love drunk ' thing . Note : love .. is being used very loosly here , its not a statement or adminttance of anything .. just being used to coin a phrase . 
Precious : Great movie , very moving , very sad , I totaly cried . < PROPFEMALE > should win an < PROPFIRST > for her performance . 
Ok . So apparently no plans for tonight . May go see New < PROPFEMALE > ( finally ) this afternoon ( while its cheap at the matinee . ) Then I'll probably come home and just ... < PROPFEMALE > out and clean or something . This being alone at home all the time is getting old . Who knows , maybe I'll go out tonight . Shake things up a bit . 
Thats it ... my New Years resolution is to put up some cutsey picture of me for my dadgum picture on here . Cause I feel left out :P So .. now .. gotta go dig one up .. 
Wait I never updated from yesterday : New < PROPFEMALE > SUCKED omg , sincerly disappointed . I totaly did NOT clean my house ' cause I thought I wasnt going to have company but I did . Its all good ' cause he doesnt come over to see the house lol he comes to see me :D He brought me this awesome keyboard .. i cant spell it .. maybe .. ergonomic keyboard . 
BTW house hunt continues tomorrow .. if ya know of any places for rent .. :) I'm all ears ! 
Not quite in the mood for house hunting , going to watch District 9 and try to relax a bit . Posted random pictures that always make me smile/laugh . Still need to get a profile pic up , but yeah .. I dont feel like it :D 
Ok . Why do people you went to school with and havent seen in five years think you have so much to catch up on ? If we had something to talk about .. dont you think I would have sought you out .. outside of Walmart ? We have nothing in common , it was nice to see you .. I guess . But . GO AWAY . See .. now that sounds hostile but I know yall have all thought that at least one time . 
“I became insane , with long intervals of horrible sanity . ” E . A . Poe 
Ok folks , honestly now .. HOW MANY GAMES can you people play ??! There is no way you are keeping up with all that !! & if your as organized as my mom and have a list of who sends you gifts so you know who to send them back to notice ... I dont send anything cause I have all those games blocked :P 
OK I'LL PLAY !! - - Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... who will be brave enough to participate ? 
Ick , gotta go back tomorrow after four ' wonderful ' days off . Not that they were terrabad or anything , just highly uneventful . Wait .. I did get some texts tonight that kinda made my whole week :) Least I have Friday night to look forward to , and hopes that I got Sat off to go w/ it . I better go to bed before I over sleep again he he he ' Night all yall Facebook fanatics . I know how much you love reading my dorkiness . 
Its been a fight all morning , a huge one . Work better not suck this hard . 
Don't normal dates happen prior to 9:30 pm ? 
So . Tired . Must . Sleep . No one to blame . Besides Myself . 
Liv got up a few minutes ago coughing so bad it made her puke like in the Exorcist . It was .... kinda amazing . Too bad I'm the one who had to clean it . I need a wife to do my bidding ! 
its 0430 and still no sleep , liv hasnt gone back to bed either , everytime she thinks she will it comes back again ... out both ends at that . Idk what makes this worse .. the fact that shes barely making it to the bathroom , or that we ran out of tissue and shes using kleenixe's and is too sick to get to the store w/ me ..... AAAAAHHHH 
Everyone has a favorite song =) for one reason or another its your favorite .. and I realize I dont know many of my friends favorite songs . I have favorites that people would have never guessed .. I want to know what yours is and if ya will share I wanna know why its your favorite or what memories it brings back !!!! 
Dang it , can't move when its snowing ! 
Thanks for the b-day well wishes :) 
Hanging out in the office , with Rhino ( liv's new guinea pig . ) He's quite talkative tonight . 
Why can't people say what they mean , instead of everyone having to guess and grasp at straws and try to understand what the other person isnt saying ? Open lines of communications are keys to any relationship : friends , family , dating , co workers , etc ! 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author as of the date of publication . Because conditions can change , all parties associated with this report reserve theright to change and update their opinions and views to reflect the change in conditions . 
Headed to the pool :D 
Liv's watching ET for the first time ever , shes laughing so hard ! I wonder if you can still find that on DVD ?? 
Its been a short lived two days off , new leak in the apartment , thought they got it fixed ... BUT it just started leaking all over again . Great . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uEZxtdesraU 
Tedious work , but I'm finally a blonde :D well ... Smoking hot Strawberry one anyhow ^_^ and out of boredom I've put on some < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > red lipstick to celebrate 
The following is by < PROPMALE > Neruda . It is Sonnet 17 of Neruda’s 100 Love Sonnets available in English translation by < PROPFIRST > Tapscott . 
The following is a favorite of mine , and has been for quite a while , BECAUSE I COULD NOT STOP FOR DEATH - < PROPFEMALE > Dickenson 
As the days creep by , I'm finding it harder and harder to be nice and not speak my mind .. However its not working .. 
Woke up with no voice , Liv's making fun of me , but shes got a bad cough too , we'll be headed to the clinic in a few . 
I'm 25 and still renting , by my figures I've paid over $ 50,400 in rent alone ( 7 years * 12 months*600$ per month ) no prospects of job changing anytime soon , I think its time to find a small house and check out mortgage payments or something . 
Somdays movie quotes sound stupid and somedays they hit home and you know exactally what the writer felt , one came to mind a bit earlier and it is going to be my quote for a while . Ewan McGregor ( in Moulin Rouge ! ) -- Thank you for curing me of my ridiculous obsession with love . -- 
Another Terrible ear infection , keept me awake till about 7 am and i woke up at 4 :( this is getting rediculous , maybe I'll have my ear removed 
SO tired ! Girls day @ the zoo , since Phill wouldnt wake up lol . Me , Live , < PROPFEMALE > , Zoie , and Catie :D had a blast , but let me say three hours at the zoo is too long ! 
Something I think we ALL need to keep in mind ( family and friends both ): EVERYONE deserves to be happy , life doesnt revolve around one person , dont stand in the way of someone else's happiness for your own personal reasons . There is nothing more ignorant than that .. 
Normal people have pictures of their boyfriends/girlfriends IRL but I choose to be the dork w/ WoW avitars :P 
General Statement : I cannot stand women who think that if they use their sad face and crocodile tears that the world will just roll over and hand them things ( you know who you are . ) I also cannot stand those suckers who fall for it over , and over , and over ... 
Just to put it out there for those who don't know . I AM A FOOT NUDIST .. Jeez , its nice to put that out in the open finally . I cannot stand having anything on my feet , not sox , shoes , blankets , nothing !! Cant breath in shoes , they are SO sufficating . Now that you all know my secret ... You cannot blackmail me 
Im feeling pretty hurt right about now . I hate that I look forward so much to spending time with one person . Emotions should have an off switch . In addition Ive neglected other friends so much for the past year that I dont have anyone else to call and < PROPFEMALE > out with . 
It's been a realy good day <3 & Its officially my weekend o.O Gonna < PROPFEMALE > out w/ Liv and go to a B day party . Tons o fun ! 
I need a picture on here ... who's got a camera ?????? 
is ready to round out the week and get work over with . Working 7a-3p tomorrow , gotta take my crappy car to Colorado City after that for Liv to see Harry/Jen . Saturday Phill is taking me to see Resident Evil @ the drive in but wants to leave after because he hears Machetti sucks . And thats about it for me . 
Still undecided on Resident Evil , they really should have stopped at Extinction ... MACHETE WAS SOOOOOO AWESOME ! :) Had an awesome time . Thanks again for taking me babe !! 
is not quite sure what to say tonight . Its one of those moments where ya have a ton of things on your mind , but nothing is gonna come out right . Needed to talk to someone tonight but it always seems like its a bad time for everyone else . So , I'll go to bed and just sleep on things . 
I need a massage so bad , I could feel it in my lower back all evening at work , and now its my shoulders , quite painful ! 
Lots on my mind .. and its 540 am .. Jeez . 
Hardball ..... Watch and learn ladies and gentlemen .. watch . and . learn . 
Did lots of stuff this weekend ! Cleaned tons ( dishes/floors/even dusting ! / the fridge ) Hoping to wash laundry at phills house ( hint hint ) 
Got up , puked , too sleepy for webtime , back to bed . 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO \ 
WAY TO CO COOPER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Weighing in some pro's and con's before bed . Maybe its time to change something .. 
Thank god for good friends ! < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , thanks from the bottom of my heart for everything tonight ! 
Fractured my ankle . GRRRRR 
Finaly home after four hours at the \bone doctor . \ " Nice thick heavy boot and crutches . Im annoyed I have a standard . WANT TO TRADE my standard for an automatic veh for 4-6 weeks ! Otherwise Im highly dependant for rides to and from work :( " 
Yay , I get to go back to work Monday ! 
is regretting asking to go back to work today , ankle hurts more today than since I broke it !! 
Hurts when you find out your not as specail to someone as you thought . 
Maybe its my lucky day ??? Was getting ready for work and noticed all these black spots on the door , put on my glasses and found 50+ ladybugs on the inside of my door ! So many , and I cant get the ones off the ceiling ! 
Could anyone else and there mom be giving out news of pregnancy or having a baby today ?! Seriously 
hermosa [ er-mo’-so , sah ] adjective \ 
1 . Beautiful ( bello ) , handsome ( hombre ) , graceful , lovely , comely , neat , goodly , fine ( espléndido ) , beauteous , fair . 
Its a nice day :) Well ... It looks like it anyhow havent stepped out yet . My ankle is KILLING me today . I think Ive been overdoing it , gotta remember its broken and to slow down ! 
Ok , Im gonna head to bed I think , a weekend of sickness is just too much to deal with ! 
Happy Birthday to my bestest friend ever , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! <3 Miss you chick ! 
Change your profile picture to a favorite cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday , Dec 6th . Join the fight AGAINST Child Abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . 
Guilty Conscience : Sometimes I hate deleting people off of my friends list on Facebook .. then I remember there is a reason we don't stay friends with some people from earlier on in life . And why have someone \friend-ed\ " .. there's not an \ " acquaintance-d\ " tab .. I want that and a \ " flakey friend tab\ " and a \ " used me\ " tab . " 
Turbo tax , woo ! i feel like I've actually accomplished something this weekend . 
Pirate , thats definatly the way to go , makes me laugh 
Tons and tons on my mind today ... and no one to share a single thought with . 
MORONS OF AMERICA : NO ! WE CANNOT TURN OFF THE SNOW NOR DEFROST THE STREETS NOR SHOULD WE COME OUT AND GET YOUR DUMB BUTTS OUT OF DITCHES AS WE DID NOT DRIVE THERE NOR MAKE YOU DRIVE . ALSO NO WE WILL NOT BE PLOWING THE SNOW FROM YOUR DRIVEWAYS . 
ALSO ; GO HOME , STAY HOME , DONT FIGHT , AND STOP CALLING ABOUT WEATHER CONDITIONS , I AM IN A ROOM AND YOU ARE WAY MORE CAPABLE OF LOOKING OUTSIDE AND SEEING THE STREETS THAN I AM . 
Thank god mom has a gas heater and water heater both . Power outage woulda sucked big time ! Already called work to line up an officer picking me up .. still cant drive nor start my car anyhow . 
How is it so easy to make mistakes but so hard to make things right ?? 
Liv < PROPMALE > and I went to primetime and had a blast ! Way too expensive to go ever again but fun none the less . i may post our bowling videos I took on my new phone 
Yawn I guess its timeto shower and get groceries .. and do my best to avoid any super bowl crap by taking liv see a movie 
Goodwill shopping was fun now going dollar tree shoppin with < PROPFEMALE > 
I hate the black eyed peas ..... This halftime show sucks eggs . FAIL 
Ok . I'm going to assume that you don't know you are going to perform at the superbowl untill the week before . Otherwise there is no excuse . Me and my 
Mom made amazing spaghetti tonight , when I asked what the difference was tonight with much thought she advised me she washed her hands . Gee , thanks mom . Haha 
Work ethic is just non existsant for some people 
Bonzai sounds amazing 
Shopping with my sister again today . well lots of trying on and not so much buying but good times never the less 
With the church confession app approved for cell phones , my conscious may run amuck .... Dont worry I will efile or twitter my confession ... Soooo im covered 
It puts the mc nugget sauce in the bag our It gets the hose again .. 
COPS shows us a few things , 1 if some one says \i swear on____ that's not mine ( crack etc)\ " its definatly theirs .. And 2 most people on cops must not watch tv " 
What's every one doin for v day ? 
Made a stick figure animation on my cell where he hangs himself ... Shared it with < PROPFIRST > and accidentally deleted it :( 
No phone service in walmart ... Jeez 
Wow I'm already bored .. Fun 
Rented RED last night , loved it ! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is still hot . Gotta get b day gifts today for < PROPFEMALE > and zoie and liv lol fun times . 
Been at the zoo with liv and lauras family .. We stand atop the giraffe area when one .. gets reaallllly friendly with the other . This is when you hear parents get 
I got phills gifts finally put together .... and bought myself TrueBlood season two . I'm a kick butt girlfriend , phills gonna love his stuff !! 
Looking for some party crap is insane .. liv wants a monster high party and card and party factory does not have that 
Hurry up 11 .. I'd like to go home and have a beer .. and watch true blood n relax 
It's been a long long day .. And I've still got till 11 yuck 
Has a ton on her mind ... Ugh .. 
Is done and over it . D o n e 
Yuck I'm here till 7am again 
Ok so ... Ugh 
Officially strugling to stay awake 
Ruffles molten hot wings chips are amazing ! 
Is considering items to sell from home .. tupperware err no , scentsy meh , pampered chef maybe ..... Passion party ? I'm thinking yes . 
Thank you , student loans , for garnishing my wages ... 200 every two weeks ..... Bastards . 
Still selling girl scout cookies !! Lots on hand ! Call me 
Yuck . Someone fix my car AC lol 
Tonight is dedicated ... to me . Death note ( anime ) and midnight margaritas 
< PROPMALE > and I went to Abuelos and then to see Last Rite , it was pretty good , hes sleeping all day . Think I will work on the house a bit and watch movies and just < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Had a great weekend with phill but I missssss my liv :) 
As much as I love the seasoned leading ladies of Hollywood .. < PROPFEMALE > Stone ( Zombieland and Easy A ) and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ( Hard < PROPFEMALE > and Juno ) are my new favorites ! 
Lol I typed that comment below exactly like I talk HAHA that's funny 
Phills here at sprint getting an Evo . Death to phill and the cool phone . Wait ... Mines still better 
Phills like a kid . He won't let me touch his new toy . Held it for a sec and he took it back because \touched it too hard\ " dumb phill and his dumb evo " 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > ~ In my next life I wanna be smokin hot . That's all I ask , you owe me that . 
On top of everything else .. Woke up to find Gir had died . Pong looks like she won't make it either . Don't buy birds from the flea market . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are looking for something to do today ... Holler if you are up to no good . Movie zoo park lunch drive ..... anything 
Have to convince myself to get a move on life today lots of laundry to do . But is it all that important ? 
Ah . Laying on my clean freshly sheeted bed . Apt is looking great ! My feet and back are killing me . And I still need to go to walmart . And eat something . 
At the risk of sounding like a commercial .. This Revlon OnceBitten lipstick is amazing . The only lipstick that I have ever found that sincerly stays on YAY !! 
Ok all you United shoppers , Id love to take those little yellow stickers off of your hands before it's too late . Got my wok and 11 inch pan . Need new cookware ! 
I just dont want to even get out of the apartment today . I do not want to interact with people . I just don't ... 
Livs bday party is saturday 3:12:11 @1700hrs ... Comment if u want an invite so I can write them up :) 
This is not a good work day . I'm going to check into taking a vacation . 
Wooo I can take a week of vacation ... on to of my spring break days . Where am I goin ? 
I think I will go back to school for nursing . 
Case39 is really good movie 
Reading www.damnyouautocorrect.com and laughed so hard I cried . Everyone here at work thinks I'm off in the head . Lol 
You think u know someone ... 
Tonights movie is The Hurt Locker . I'm starting to get tired of movie nights alone .. 
About to have lunch at Sharons with peeps from work . Todays gotta be good ... Right ??! 
To my peeps on evening shift : you never get the credit you deserve , but you all should know you are amazing . You continue to show this each and every day . 
Gonna go home and try to keep my mind off of stuff .. Learning that I'm just a convenience ticks me off 
I really enjoy watching romantic comedies alone , by myself , alone lonely me . Lol . Ok now I'm just an angry person . Ugh . 
Who wants < PROPFEMALE > delights ? Lol 11 boxes available ! 
HhhhUmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ( this is my meditation time ) 
SERENITY NOW ! 
Hmm ... Faster was a good movie . But ..... The end totally . sucked . No closure . 
Scream 4 ... Beating a dead horse isn't it ? 
Yawn is it 2300 hours yet ? Works boring tonight . 
About to watch Rango ;) 
:) 
If I could < PROPFEMALE > friend from my phone if be all over it today . 
Against my \want\ " I removed pervious post . But I still fully believe it's crap that certain people get certain credit for things the rest of us do everyday . " 
Work has been good tonight . I'm lucky I have < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > to boost my morale :) 
It's gonna be a long night 
Stayed up watchin Weeds and de stressing . Now sleep !. yay 
I feel like ... idk ... like people have moved on and I'm still in the same place . In friendships , In life , in relationships , just everything . 
Fb peeps ... What's ur nickname for ur significant other and vice versa ? 
Ok .. Some people are clueless . Sadly most of them dont realize it and try too sound diplomatic . 
You are so hardcore . 
Why do some people , usually women , have to define themselves by a relationship ? You need to be able to at least be okay by yourself before you are with someone . 
I dont want to work this is going to suck .... again 
Without trust , there can be no love . 
My everything hurts . 
Ready to go to work and get it over with . What a horrible week 
So todays going to suck . Come on 11 im ready to be off for my b day celebration where i don't do anything for multiple days except watch Weeds 
Who's comming out tonight ???? 
Liv and i are crashing at phills while hes at work so we can watch netflix . I cannot believe my lil monkey will be 8 tomorrow , times goes by way too fast . 
Word feud is so much better than words with friends no foreclosures or crap 
Thank you all for the well wishes today ! 
Not much going on tonight , had dinner with the family ( liv , mom , phill , and june . ) Watching the last few episodes on season 5 of Weeds , needing season 6 . :) 
So tired , I think im gonna puke . Doubles suck . 
Waiting rooms packed with people make my claustrophobia set in . as long as no one breaths on me Ill be okay lol 
Ok ARMC lets get er done . 
I just looooove wasting my whole day doing a huge favor for someone and not even getting a thanks or the slightest acknowledgment that anything happened . Nice .. 
I dislike that people ask me continuously if I'm in a bad mood when I'm not overly friendly . Because ... after so many times it really does put me in a bad mood . 
And thanks , I've been sleeping just fine . And I feel well . I appreciate that people think I look like crap even after I put on make up and do my hair ... 
Anyone want to go to the ft woth zoo on saturday ?? 
Me and liv watched Hop , now headed to the zoo 
Even my toes are sunburnt ... owwiiieee 
I'm going to die of heat in this stupid efficiency pos 
