only my family would think to camp out in the backyard together to watch the meteor shower as a family . and require that everyone participates ha . 

summer homework time 
i loooove brookie (: <3 
just got home from reefer madness and i must say it was pretty great :) now time to get my lines down :P 
ahh make-up work is a pain :/ 
So today was probably the best one year anniversary i could ever think of :) 
Studying = boring+lack of sleep 
Ah I fucked up ! 
So I just realized today that I've still never seen all of < PROPMALE > Gump haha 
I'm bored someone text me :) 
I am currently dying from continuous sneezes and painful coughs :/ 
I just want to be happy 
Come see Broadway Review tomorrow night at 7:00 it is $5 
Agh freaking homework 
Ah ! Glee season finale I'm excited ! :) 
Yay ! school is finally out :D 
Aw fuck 
Feels numb ... 
Agh another rehearsal :/ 
Can't sleep 
I can't sleep anymore . I wish I had a good book to read ha 
Why is it that if i i say i'm not hungry my mother still insists and makes me food ? haha 
Just got home from seeing letters to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . Fyi my arm hurts because < PROPFIRST > is a girl and kept hitting me at that cute parts haha 
I love how I'm home half an hour late , which is technically 30 < PROPFEMALE > . early from my summer curfew , and I get grounded . Whereas my brother has friends over the same time I get home and without my mother knowing and he doesn't get in any form of trouble . 
My head hurts . 
When someone texts you and says entertain me . What on earth are you supposed to say back ? Haha 
I am off for L.A. soon so text me to make the long car drive a little less boring :) 
Haha I pretty much jacked my cousin's laptop from him :P 
I love that I have an amazing friend that I can be a complete jerk to and they'll still be there for me maybe a little bit bitter but they're still there for me :) 
Yay ! Shopping in downtown L.A. :) Text me 
Fun Fun Fun and new stuff :) 
Ow I was just attacked ! 
I'm about to leave for my way back to Las Vegas :) Nebraska is almost here ! :D 
I am now home for a day to pack and get ready for Nebraska ! :D 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck ... 
Mmmm I come home to Filipino food :) and my sisters taking over my bed :/ 
This is fucking bullshit 
SYTYCD was amazing ! 
I've been cooking and baking all day :) 
. 
Yay ! I got my phone back so text me :) 
Lake was fun I'm super tired now text me :) 
Going to a party and then staying the night at < PROPFEMALE>'s text me :) 
Sad < PROPFIRST > got voted off due to injury :( I didn't quite understand if they were saying that he could come back next season or not though hopefully he can . 
Like this & I'll tell you what I like , dislike , confession , & first impression I got about you . 
Sooo I'm thinking about giving up on this like dislike crap about people it's going to take forever haha :P 
Ow I have a bruise and a hurting shoulder that I'm asuming I acquired from last night haha I'm getting tired text me :) 
Aww I just went on spellingbeethemusical.com and it made me want to cry haha 
Ugh I'm stubborn and it feels like I have trouble being happy ... But on the brightside Predators was good ha 
I love when you think about something you posted a few months ago and then you just laugh haha i feel like a retard :P 
I feel like dancing now :) 
Ugh babysitting :/ text me 
I miss my friends I feel trapped in my stupid house :( 
I am so ridiculously bored and it shows with the amount of food I've cooked today and the amount of hours wasted in front of the television . Someone enterain me :( 
God I give up on relationships . Anyone up for random meaningless revenge sex ? 
Yay ! To new clothes :) 
This is probably the worst feeling ever in my life . I feel worse then numb and hurt . I need someone or something . 
My new obsession baseball players :P 
I've been doing a lot of thinking lately . 
Oh geeze lacrosse is boring :P 
I feel like I should go back to sleep but I'm not tired .. Haha 
Ah ! Tv shows and books make me want to go to the east coast :P haha 
I officially love A Very Potter Musical haha it's fantastic :) 
Today has been a long day 
Something’s started crazy sweet and unknown\ 
Something you keep in a box on the street \ 
Now it’s longing for a home 
I am bored and tired :) 
So I'm kinda thinking waking up tomorrow is going to be a pain in the ass 
I'm tired but I took a three hour nap earlier soooo now I can't sleep haha 
Yay ! I'm excited :D 
So I just woke up haha 
Fucking fuck ... 
:D 
I cannot wait until I get switched out of my English class :) haha 
Wow , no rehearsal until next Wednesday . That's over a week ! Crazy haha :) 
Why does October have to be such a busy month ? At least it's fun busy :) 
It's kind of funny how just about anything can relate to TrueBlood or the Sookie Stackhouse novels in my mind haha 
So basically I'm going to fail my math test tomorrow ' cause I don't understand shit haha . 
Really douche ? Wow ... 
Umm hi < PROPMALE > \Puck\ " Puckerman I love you . Can we get married and have lots of sex and babies ? " 
I'm salivating because I want it in my mouth haha < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :) 
I'm pretty sure I'm exhausted today has been a long day :) 
Everyone should come see Lip Sync tonight ! :) Tonight at 7 at < PROPFEMALE > my brother is dancing ! :P hahaha well me too 
So I come home to a new bed in my room . I'm pretty sure I'm going to fall on the floor tonight haha :P 
I like having new options :) 
My family gets into some heated debates haha 
I love this kind of weather :) 
I fucking hate cats . End of story . 
This is taking too long . It's very tedious and frustrating bleh :/ 
Weird ... :/ 
Me and my mom are off to the gym text me :) 
Sooo everybody should go to < PROPFEMALE > High School's Halloweenival today ya ? :) 
Now I feel a lot better :) 
Bleh I just cleaned my room ha :) 
I'm pretty sure I'm not looking forward to school tomorrow :/ 
Its kind of sad that I'm just now getting home and eating dinner haha . I'm tired . 
So I've decided that I need to < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends more often because I miss that haha 
Ahhh ! Umm can I just say that I love Glee sooo freaking much ! :) 
Letting go is hard but it feels right . There's always something better out there , something to look forward to and hope for <3 
Filipino food and < PROPMALE > Potter movie marathon tonight is a good night :) 
Umm so does anyone have a copy of Deathly Hallows that I could possibly borrow ? Haha :) 
Midnight Premiere of < PROPMALE > Potter who else is extremely excited ? :D 
Congrats Patriots ! I'm determined to get to Reno next week :) 
Hahahaha I love my family they're all a bunch of drunk attention seeking opera/musical theatre singers :) 
I'm bummed :/ 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! :) 
Too much wine , lots of food , singing , tons of asians , and a community marathon that's thanksgiving at my house :) 
Good luck patriots ! :) 
Who's smart and wants to come help me with my trig test ? :) 
I'm not feeling the whole school thing for tomorrow and my nose is cold :/ 
Come see Our Town tonight at 7 :) 
It's raining outside and me , my sisters , and mom are baking . Today is a good day :) Text me and maybe I'll share some fudge and cookies with you :P 
Just got back from a Jazz class it was wonderful :) 
So I freaking love How I Met Your Mother . Fyi in case anyone was wondering haha :) 
I am so proud of my cast tonight ! You guys were wonderful ! If you didn't see the One Acts tonight then go see it :) 
So anyone interested in a last minute late night trig study session to help me pass my exam ? :P haha 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is my best friend in the world , and so lovely ! :] 
So I'm kinda really not looking forward to this upcoming week :/ 
I'm pretty sure I'm dying haha someone come take care of me :P 
This is possibly the best movie ever :) 
I kinda have a super hard dilemma right now bleh haha 
Birds freak me out .. 
All Freshman , Sophomores and Juniors like this . I need you and your friends for my stats project . 
My dogs have the most guilty looks on their faces right now haha 
I want to go ice skating haha :) 
Sappy love stuff makes me want to fall in love <3 
Roses are red , violets are blue , fuck you whore . Happy valentines :) 
I have wonderful and amazing friends <3 
Hmm p90x yoga is sounding pretty good right about now I'm thinking that's what I'm doing before bed :) haha 
Mmm that was a lovely workout :) 
Ah crazy I'll be 18 in a week :) haha 
This is what I do during rehearsal . Sit on facebook haha 
My mom is so cute when she's drunk :) haha 
Going to the movies with my mom :) 
Its impossible to sing in my house without getting a voice lesson bleh haha 
I don't suppose anyone is a closet statistics genius that wants to help me study last minute for the test i forgot about ? :) haha 
Umm nap time ? Yes I think so :) 
Finding out I don't have to go the shows on my birthday , glee is on , and I got two early birthday presents . Today is looking pretty good :) 
Airhead extremes are disappointing they just make me want sour punch straws :/ haha 
Thank you everybody for wishing me a happy birthday it means a lot :) 
So I just witnessed a fight happen over a parking spot it was the funniest thing ever haha 
This has been an awesome birthday weekend :) 
I'm tired :/ 
I'm really concerned because I have a bunch of random bruises and I have no idea where they came from haha 
You got your dog from a crackhead ? 
Life is a lof of trial and error - and the times I've gone against what felt right never worked out 
Its kind of ridiculous how mad that made me haha 
I feel so untouched that I want you so much somehow I can't resist you its not enough to say that I miss you 
I'm kind of terrified and freaking out right now ! Haha 
Today has been pretty great ! I went to the gym , ate a salad , and now I have a job interview tomorrow :) I'm pretty jazzed right now haha 
I love how if zachell doesn't hear from me within like a few hours she automatically thinks that I'm dead haha I love my best friend <3 
Could today be any more perfect ? Gym , rehearsal , new job , sushi , and glee to finish off the night :) 
Wtf ? That's all I have to say . 
Editing basketball team photos is a pain in the ass :/ 
I feel like a mother right haha I'm checking homework and making sure the kids are getting along ha 
Come see my last show tonight at 7 it's $5 and I'll love you forever and ever :) haha 
Basically I suck ... The end . 
I'm pretty sure that once I leave < PROPFEMALE>'s house I'm going to be obese haha 
Bleh , as much as I'm looking forward to prom I'm really not haha 
I'm bored haha someone entertain me :) 
There's a moment where you say to yourself , \Oh there you are . I've been looking for you forever . \"" 
So I've decided I want to learn an instrument haha someone teach me :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > makes me high , naturally . It's awesome . So is she . :) 
I hate how easily that feeling comes back , a simple reminder and it just all comes back . Its hard . 
Hmm I'm bored haha 
Basically I'm actually really happy with my life right now :) 
I have asshole friends that say my laugh sounds like a dog panting ... :( 
I should tell you I'm disaster , I forget how to begin it 
Umm I'm so nervous , I'm pretty sure my heart is going to jump out of chest and I've drank so much < PROPFEMALE > I could party with Pooh Bear . 
