Happy New Year !! 

My son is 1 month old today ! 
Happy Father's Day ! 
Officially now in the 2nd trimester !! Woo Hoo !! One down and two to go :) 
sad sad day .... Farrah ... Michael .. RIP 
I wish people would get their head out of the clouds and come back to freakin reality . 
Happy 4th of July ! Have fun and stafe safe !! 
is officially going to start packing !! 
is trying to fight off a really bad headache . 
Temp . 101 heat index 113 ... and my husband decides to mow the yard now ?! 
Ok ... the weatherman just said we may get some \hen egg\ " sized hail :( " 
Wishing my wonderful husband a very Happy Birthday !! Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! 
When one door closes another one opens ... hopefully soon ! 
Tomorrow is the big day ... Get to find out if we are having a boy or a girl . Stay tuned ... 
Is hanging out with my good friend Murrey !! 
Can't sleep ... it's going to be a long day . 
This is for you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
ATTENTION : READ THIS AND THEN RE-COPY IT TO YOUR OWN STATUS TO GET THE WORD OUT : If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . It's a virus . 
I am waiting on UPS to deliver my son's comforter set ! Wow , I guess I better get used to saying my son !!! 
ahhh housework ! Wish I had a maid ! 
Hey girl ! 
Wow ... lots of lightening and really loud thunder ! 
Is watchin the baby move ! He is VERY active tonight ! 
is at my friend < PROPMALE>'s house playing with his 3 month old daughter ... she is too cute !! 
Apparently the FAN CHECK Application is a VIRUS that takes 48 hours to kick in . Even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you . Please inform all you friends and remove/delete the application ASAP . Copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quickly . 
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful Hubby ! Thank you for 3 wonderful years !! 
Getting ready to start the carb specific diet ... boy this should be fun ! 
29 weeks today ! 11 more to go !!! 
Allegeries suck ... at least I hope it is allergies . 
is trying NOT to be cranky ... I really hate when people run on CP time . 
30 weeks today !! Only 10 more to go ! 
I had a wonderful and extremely blessed day ! Thank you Mur Mur for being such a great friend and person ... Much love from the both of us :) 
Start my 2 week appointments today ! Less than 10 weeks to go !! 
Ok ... had 30 week appt today ... baby is measuring about 2 weeks smaller than due date ... Otherwise he is good ... I however will have to do a non stress test 2x weekly starting in 2 weeks to moniter him . Please pray for a healthy baby boy . 
When the big kids start tricking treating and they are either too cool or too lazy to even bring a Walmart sack , it is time to close up shop and call it a night !! Hope everyone had a safe Halloween ! 
Had a great time judging at the district FCCLA today ... then had a great lunch with my friend Murrey !! 
Had an awesome time at my baby shower today ! Thank you to all my friends that made it to Konawa to spend time with me , and thank you for all the wonderful gifts ! Baby J is very blessed to have so many people care about him already ! 
Had another great day ! Thanks to everyone that came to my surprise shower ... and believe me as nosy as I am , it takes a lot to surprise me ! I feel so blessed and loved by so many people . Special shout out to Murrey , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > e you guys are the best ! 
Can't believe I have been up since 4:30 . 
Dr. has decided that I will only go to 39 weeks ... Baby J will be here the week before Christmas instead of Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Thank you to all the veterans out there ! Happy Veterans Day ! 
I feel so blessed . Crib is on it's way ! Thank you Lord for such wonderful people ! 
Had a long rough day today ... lots of back pain ... guess I am getting ready ! 
Went into labor today ... went to Labor and Delivery ... they got it stopped , and now I am home ! On strict bed rest for the next 2 weeks ! I guess Baby J can't wait to get here ! 
I am home ! Still on strict bedrest ... hopeing to make it to Thursday , I will be 36 weeks by then . If I go in to labor then , Baby J will be here ! 
My rant for the day ... Fake people get on my freakin ' nerves ... saying you are going to do something then do it ... don't say it cause you think it will make you look good to other people . 
Had growth ultrasound today ! Baby J is now up to 5lbs 2oz ! No change on the other things , just holding steady ! Still on bedrest though , at least the crib is here !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I am so thankful for all my friends , family , my hubby , and Baby J ! 
Very thankful for all my wonderful friends ! Big shoutout to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for all your help today !!! 
Here is the update : Jaylen was born 12/1 at 6:25 am .. he was 5lbs 14.5 oz , 18.5 inches long ( he was 3 wks early ) because of low glucose levels and some breathing problems he is in NICU . I am home , but he is still there ( no wifi on floor ) hoping he comes home sometime next week ! 
Jaylen got his IV removed today ! He is up to 45 ml of formula per feeding !! Now to keep his body temp regulated above 97.7 w/out the heat lamp , but I know he will be doing that by tomorrow ! 
Baby J has moved to a bassinet ! Working his eating , and hopefully he can be home by the end of the week ! 
Jaylen has to do a sleep study tonight ( checking for apnea ) , if he does well then he could be home by tomorrow ! If he is borderline then we will spend Thurs nite w/him in hospital then bring him home possibly as early as Friday ! 
is so glad my sweet baby boy is finally home !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! Jaylen is < PROPFEMALE > bound !! 
so thankful that my baby got to spend his first Christmas with his Papa and Grandma ! 
Whatever you choose to do tonite , be safe & have fun ! Happy New Year to all my FB friends & family !! 
Happy New Year !!! 
My sweet boy is now 7lbs 14 oz ! 
Time to eat ! 
Jaylen had a great day today ! He passed his hearing test and he is now off the apnea monitor !! 
ok ... since there are two going around now , here you go : on top 7 inches :( 
I jumped on a goat In line at the bank because I'm cool like that . 
It's gonna be a long night . :( 
Happy Birthday to my Daddy !! 
Yea ! I have lost all the baby weight & then some !!! Lookin ' good & feelin ' good !! Now if I could just get some sleep ! :o ) 
Happy Birthday to my dear friend < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Snow .... yuck . How many days till spring ? At least I don't have to get out for anything and I still have electricity ! 
Hubby just had a wreck . Going to get him now . 
Thanks for all the thoughts & prayers ! He is doing fine ... will find out status of truck next week . 
Watching Miss < PROPFEMALE > ! Routing for < PROPFEMALE > native < PROPFIRST > Treat ! Go Miss Oklahoma !! 
My sweet boy is 2 months old today ! Happy Birthday Jaylen ! 
If your Dad is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he has gone to be with the Lord , copy and paste this with his name : < PROPFIRST > Osborne , best dad ever !..... 
Jaylen had his 2 month checkup today ... He is now 10 lbs 9oz and over 21 inches long !! Also had to get shots today so he is not a happy camper ... It's gonna be a long night . 
In celebration of < PROPFIRST>'s Day , change your profile pic to you and your sweetie . Don't forget to tell who and how long you have been together ! Pass it on ... copy and paste this to your status ! I have been married to < PROPFIRST > my childhood sweetheart for 3 1/2 years ! 
OMG ... Jaylen slept all night !! Thanks Aunt Murrey . 
If I took a drink everytime Tenley said Divorce or Ex-husband , I would be drunk by now ! 
Happy Birthday to my cousin < PROPMALE > !! 
Someone took a catnap and woke up on the wrong side of the crib . 
Feelin like crap on a stick ... 
Jaylen is now caught up on FB ... thinks it's now time for a nap so mommy can do some cleaning ! 
Jaylen is enjoying sitting in his swing in the sunlight people watching ! 
Jaylen is excited that he gets to < PROPFEMALE > out with Chrissi and the B's tonight ! 
Please pray for my Stepmom's brother < PROPMALE > Burgess . He went to pay a < PROPMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > 2 days ago and never returned home . No details . Please pray for him to return home soon . Pray for the family especially his mom < PROPFEMALE > Burgess . 
Thanks everyone for your prayers ! He has been found ... All I know is he got disoriented and lost and ended up in Texas . Found his way back to Konawa ... he is at Dr. now . 
Jaylen had his 3 month checkup today ... he now weighs 13 lbs ! 
It's not the end of the world people . 
Wishing my Smom Punky a very Happy Birthday ! Hopefully we will get to see you soon ! Your Grandson sends kisses !! 
What's done in the dark ALWAYS comes to light . 
Here's to my beautiful , wonderful , smart and loving mama ((( < PROPFEMALE > ))) ... Can't believe it was 22 years ago today that we said goodbye . Sending hugs and kisses to heaven . Miss You ... Love You ... 
Four months ago today my life changed for the better ! Happy 4 month bday Jaylen ! 
Happy Easter to all my fb friends ! Have a blessed day !! 
It is important to remember that when something big changes in our lives , it means something better is coming . There cannot be a vacuum in the Universe , and so as something move out , something must coming in and replace it . When change comes , relax , have faith , and know that the change is ALL GOOD . Something more magnificent is coming to you ! 
I have been trying for the last 20 minutes to upload photos .... I guess Facebook is having issues tonight ... Oh well will try again tomorrow ! 
Jaylen had his 4 month checkup on Tuesday ! He is now 14 lbs 3oz and 25.5 inches long ! 
It's official ... moving to K-town ! 
Jaylen got his very own Bumbo seat today ! Can't wait to try it out tonight after the DSAT meeting ! 
self love is not hating others it helping them ,, u cant help others if ur dont take care of u ! -Rev Run 
Like listening to Jaylen have a conversation with his daddy ! 
Getting the house ready for the realtor tomorrow !! 
The For Sale sign is now in the front yard ... got to finish packing ... Moving day set for this weekend ! 
As of today , there is a new privacy setting on Facebook called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites > Instant Personalization and uncheck \ " Allow\ " . Please copy & repost . " 
It's Pay it Forward Day !!! 
Hanging out with my BDT for a VERY early bday celebration !!! 
Having a great time with my BDT ! 
My sweet Jaylen is 5 months old today !! Happy 5 month bday Jaylen ... Love , Mommy 
Happy Mother's Day !!! 
It's official ... K-Town population has now increased by 3 and one cat !! 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday wishes ! I really appreciate them !! 
Happy Birthday to my BDT !! I miss you ... have fun tonight !! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > B ! I hope the Angels are having one heck of a party in Heaven today !! 
Happy 6 month birthday to my sweet baby boy Jaylen ! Thank you for letting me be your mommy and for giving me the best 6 months of my life ! \ 
~ Jaye 
Jaylen is at his 6 month check up ... good so far ! He is 16 pounds 5 oz ... & 26 inches long !! \ 
So happy to be back online !! 
Can't sleep . 
Got the outside lookin good ... now for the inside ! Talkin bout my house that is !! 
I am very Blessed ! 
Had a great time hanging with the girls today !! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the Mani/Pedi , and Thank You Aunt Murrey for babysitting ! You guys are awesome ! 
Jaylen got his first full haircut today !! Pics to follow later ! 
Sitting on the front porch with Jaylen watching his first fireworks ! \ 
Good Morning FB friends ! Have a safe and wonderful 4th !! 
Does not like this heat ! 
Hey friends , if Riverwind Casino gets 1000 fans before July 28 , it will donate $5000 to the < PROPFEMALE > G . Komen for the Cure breast cancer foundation ... So go there now and become a fan ... And copy and paste this so all your friends will do the same ... Thank you . 
It's gonna be a great day ! 
Just spent a wonderful evening watching movies with my hubby and my son ! What a great way to pass the time !! 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful husband David !! \ 
It's official ... we are now sitting up !! We are now big boy stuff !!! \ 
Jaylen had a great 8 month birthday ! Went swimming and had birthday cake ! Spent a great evening celebrating < PROPFEMALE > and Lexi's birthday ! Thanks for letting us crash the party ! 
Thank you Lord for Teething Tablets ! Thank you , Thank you , Thank You !!! \ 
Jaylen had Well baby checkup today ... he is 19lbs 2.5 oz & 27.5 inches long !! Dr. says he is doing Great !! \ 
Jaylen got up on his hands and knees tonight ... and he scooted ( with a little help from daddy) ! He is getting so big !! It won't be long now ... Dash better watch out !! 
Date nite with the hubby at < PROPFEMALE > Fe !! \ 
is hanging out with Jaylen & < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and the girls at the Konawa football game !! \ 
Shots fired at the Konawa clinic ... suspects fled in stolen car ... possibly caught near OKC ... just saw it on KOCO.com and KWTV.com . With all the sirens thought I woke up back in Tulsa this morning ! LOL 
20 minute catnaps = cranky pants . 
Happy anniversary to my wonderful husband ! \ 
Thanks everyone for the anniversary wishes ! \ 
Hey guys ... Celebrating Home is having a HUGE candle sale ... only $5 for Petite Candles ! PM me if you are interested ! 
Well crap ... just found out that < PROPFIRST>'s formula brand has been recalled .... but the server at the site keeps crashing and the line is busy . Hopefully will be able to get info soon . 
My sweet boy is feeling under the weather tonight . I hope he is feeling better tomorrow ! 
Happy 10 month Birthday Jaylen !! 
Jaylen had his checkup today at the Dr. He is now 21 lbs 3 oz and 28 3/8 inches long ! He is such a big boy ! First tooth is almost here ... hopefully anyday now !! 
Just saw the Konawa girls Softball team being escorted out of town to play in the finals !! Good luck Lady Tigers !! Win State !! \ 
Congrats to the Konawa Lady Tigers 2A Fastpitch State Champs !!!!! Way to go !! 
YYAAYYY !! The champions are back ! Just went past my house w/the police escort ! Good job girls ! So proud of you !! 
DSAT 2011 Calenders now available ! Jaylen is Mr. July !! Let me know if you are interested in buying one ... Only $12 !! 
It's official ! We have our first tooth !! 
< PROPMALE > Walk tomorrow !! 1:30 -4PM Union HS Track ... Event is free ... lots of activities for the kids ! 
Had a fun time today at the < PROPMALE > Walk ! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > White , Anne Manners , < PROPFIRST > Hobsen Story , < PROPFEMALE > Bagby , and the Sanders Family for coming out to support Jaylen's All Stars and also thanks to all who donated ! 
Sometimes it just takes a special kind of stupid ........................... You Know ?!! 
The devil is a lie . 
This too shall pass . 
Wouldn't it be nice to be unpleasant & borderline hateful & still keep my job ?!! \ 
Enjoying some much needed me time !! 
feeling like hammered crap .... Nyquil take me away !!!!! Nite fb friends ! 
Happy Halloween !! 
and < PROPFIRST > are Tulsa bound !! \ 
~ < PROPFIRST > e 
It's official .... We now have 2 teeth !!!! 
Don't forget to Fall Back tonight !! 
Happy Veterans Day ! Thank You to all the Vets out there . I am so grateful that I live in a country where I have the freedom to be who and what I want to be ! 
Happy 5th Birthday to Lady < PROPFEMALE > White aka < PROPFEMALE > Bug !! 
On my way to work !! \ 
Going to eat an early dinner for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ! 
Loves watching Jaylen discover new things ! He is getting to be such a big boy ! 
Wow .... 8 more days ! 
Jaylen stood up by himself tonight ! He got mad because he was trying to get my DS and I kept moving away from him , so he got mad and stood up . He then got a very suprised look on his face that was like Oh crap what am I doing ?!! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
TOMORROW IS THE BIG DAY !!!!! Someone will be ONE years old !!!! 
Watching < PROPMALE > the Red-Nosed Reindeer with Jaylen ! 
Happy Birthday to my Sweet Baby Boy Jaylen ! We are so grateful and thankful to be blessed to be your parents ... Thank you for the best year of our lives ! \ 
Love Mommy & Daddy ! 
Jaylen says bah , bah , da da , bah ! Which translates to Thanks everyone for the Birthday Wishes ! I had a chocolate cupcake ( which I did not like ) terrorized the Christmas tree , and got lots of loving from my parents ! it was a great day ! 
Birthday party was a success ! Jaylen is very blessed to have so many friends and family that love him . Thanks to all those who came and shared this special time with us ! We love you ! 
We have had the tape measure that talks and sings going all day ! Thanks Grandma Punky and Papa < PROPFIRST > ! 
j 
Just got 6 shots ... fun times at our house tonite . anyone want to babysit ? lol ! 
at Denny's ... then finally starting Christmas shopping . 
It's a Wonderful Life !!! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Edwards 
Finally got Jaylen's Birthday pics downloaded ! Due to a mixup with the camera's the some of the pics will be downloaded later !! 
Wow ... Homemade chili & cornbread ! Perfect for a nite like this ... & yes I made it from scratch ! 
Just went outside & saw some of the eclipse ... what an awesome site ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > to all my FB friends !! 
< PROPFIRST > got an early Christmas present ... the cat has decided that he is going to live outside !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my fb friends & family . 
Gonna be a long nite ... sick baby 
YYAAYY !! My first throw up . 
Happy Birthday to the best Daddy in the world ... Jackie Osborne !! Hope you have a great day !! 
On the losing end of a sinus headache . Hard to see ... like I have looked at the Sun . 
OK .... watchin Diddy Dirty Money on SNL .... the singers look like they are wearing rooster feathers .... smh . 
Wow ... Jay just woke up !! And he seems to be in a good mood !! Hopefully it will be a great day !! 
Ok ... WTH ... why am I craving veggies ?! 
Vote for Jaylen ! Go to adaeveningnews.com and click on babies on parade ! You will have to go to the last < PROPFEMALE > ( he doesn't have any votes yet ) ... Votes are 50 cents each or a minimum of $5 for online voting ! Oh and his cousin Cord Osborne is also in the contest so vote for him too !!! 
Sitting on the front porch with Jaylen enjoying this beautiful day ! 
Thunder & Lightening ! 
So glad hubby made it to work safe & sound !! 
Yummy ... a big plate of spaghetti and a big glass of wine !!! 
< PROPFIRST > took me to the grocery store . The shelves were bare ! Guess we will be Walmart bound tomorrow ! 
Happy Birthday Grandma Essie ... I know you are having a wonderful time up in Heaven ! Miss you every day !! 
Well looks like we are skipping the 2 front teeth and going straight to the molars ! Orajel is my new best friend !! 
Wishing all my Facebook friends a Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! May it be filled with lots of love and happiness !! 
I must have been a good girl ! I got a dozen roses , a giant < PROPFIRST > balloon & a set of T-Fal cookware !! I am so loved ! 
Now cutting the top two front teeth !! Wow 4 teeth in 3 days !! Good thing I stocked up on Orajel regular AND nightime !! 
At Polo's with < PROPMALE > Osborne . 
Had lots of fun tonight with the Bristow girls @ Bunko ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the invite !! 
Went for a walk with Jaylen . Lovin ' this awesome weather ! 
While on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting . FB defaults to the non-secure setting . Copy and Repost . 
Lightening big time to the West ... guess we might get something after all . 
Fever + Teething = long night for Mommy & Daddy . :( 
Well in addition to teething we also have an ear infection . But we got the Amoxicillin so hopefully we will feel better soon ! 
Wow ... Amoxicillin is a wonderful thing !! I got more than 3 hours of sleep , and he is still asleep ! Hopefully I will get my happy baby back today ! 
Prayers for Hamilton/Colbert family . R.I.P. Kevin ... your journey is over ... till we meet again . 
Dear Lord , Please let my sweet boy feel better & get back to his happy self Soon ! 
Update : So far we are fever free this morning ! Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Belderok for the advise ! 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Watching Twilight Eclipse on DVD ... ummm ... ok 
Got < PROPFIRST>'s Easter outfit today ! he is gonna be sooo cute ! 
Jaylen is resting up for the big party @ < PROPFEMALE > Devine's house today ! 
Great evening sitting on the porch watching the moonrise with my men ! What a perfect end to a bittersweet day . 
very loud scream ...... 
It's World Down Syndrome Day ! Have a great day ! 
Yuck .... stuck at the RR tracks in Stroud .... watchin the train go back & forth ... oh finally it's moving forward !! 
To my K-Town peeps ... why is it so smokey outside ? Where is the fire ? 
In a mood . 
is going to work in the yard today .... I know the shock is great ! 
So yesterday was spent outside pruning bushes and wait for it BBQing ... I know the shock is great . Today ( better sit down for this ) housework , mow the grass & more Qing !!! 
