Thanks to everyone who told me happy birthday . I ' preciate the sentiment . 

pms sucks , man . 
so much homework to do this weekend ! 
MW2 ! 
Can't sleep . Watching The Green Mile . 
Just got McDonald's , exercised two days in a row , and made a 95 on my calculus exam . Feelin ' good . 
Sooo many things I want to do , but have neither the time nor the energy . And I'm only 18 . Sad . 
feelin ' like shit . time fo ' bed . 
kinda bummed . but i've decided on mw2 alll day . 
Beauty is pain ! 
To whoever answered that question about me , I did cry once during the Titanic . 
Ow . 
Emesis . 
Does anyone know ... if you have to complete your detention the week it's assigned to you ? 
Force Unleashed ? 
\you never called your penis a ' wiener ' ... that's a pretty good track record . \"" 
\ ... that shit wouldn't be continuously producing dragons . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
Fuck you Verizon ! 
I prefer facebook to myspace , because here it seems the only people who add me are people I've actually heard of . 
getting so much computer science done . hooray for spring break . 
sooo bored . 
Watched \Teeth\ " for the first time last night . Sooo good . " 
I hate you Steam . 
fulfill all your weeshes with my taco-flavored keesses 
School . How unfortunate . 
Man . 
< PROPMALE > Cruise is a fudge packer ! 
Just got a job today ( working tomorrow ) ... need to finish all my AP homework ... gotta make room for a doctor's appt . somewhere ... started my period . This week is going to be epic . In a bad way . 
It's been a long year . I'm sure most of us deserve to go to the beach this summer . 
Um . I didn't know that would post everywhere . 
Chocolate shakesss . 
fml . 
Workin ' 10 hours tomorrow , then 9 on Saturday . Oh yeaaaah . 
It's me , I'm < PROPFEMALE > , I've come home ! 
Day off today . Finally . :) 
Yaaaaaaaaay a day off ... oh , wait . I have an infected splinter . 
Dead Spaaaaaace . 
is not looking forward to work tomorrow . 
Predators TONIGHT ! 
Don't call me < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm gonna ask you this only once . Do you , or do you not , know about the bird ? 
Blue lips , blue veins . Blue , the color of our planet from far , far away . Blue , the most human color . 
Move-in day . Feels like the last several moves . Will be hard to concentrate at work . 
I miss the < PROPMALE > KFC :) 
Word Whomp ! 
EA is shit , a company of shit that shits all over every game it markets . 
Great day off in < PROPMALE > . 
worst eggs evar 
hot dogs with cheddar CHEESE 
Today is Intro to Logic w Hood ( 11:30 - 12:45 ) and Cal I Hon w Hemasinha ( 3:00 - 4:40 ) , then work 6-CL . Hello ! 
I am so tired , it feels like someone just beat me up . 
Watching Faerie Tale Theater on Netflix ! 
QUAKE II ! 
Those who survive the joining can become immune to the taint - < PROPMALE > 
Aris Chemistry hmk ... god save me . 
Just need to write my conclusion , YES ! 
The world would be mine , were I only a few inches taller . 
argh . 
yeah weather ! 
chilling at home before an hour and forty minutes of the most boring calculus class ever . 
Wow . That chemistry homework was brutal . And I did -not- rise to the occasion . 
Two hot dogs are better than one . 
expensive chinese food . 
fudge your ridiculous parking regulations ! the injustice ! 
And two burritos later ... 
great books midterm for the lose :( 
Work 11-CL tomorrow . 
today * 
Will we have a quiz in Great Books tomorrow . I hope not . 
Ugh . 
Pulling a chemistry all-nighter . 
What a nightmare . 
Too homework to do my tired . 
is happy Sophocles is easy reading . 
So much to do ... so little time . 
Work open-close tomorrow . Yikes . 
I am considering taking all my classes on MW ( with the exception of lab ) . Anybody have any advice ? 
The things I want to say , but do not say . 
At the risk of sounding stupid , Thucydides SUCKS . 
One more lab , woo ! 
Welp . Finished my essay . 
Watching the Fellowship while online Christmas shopping , happy times . 
No Need To Argue , one of the best albums ever created . 
Great Books final in an hour and a half and I just barfed . Ha ! 
I l0ve h0r$es !! 1 ! <333 :D 
So excited the semester is over . For the next month I'll be working a lot , spending time with my family , and working on the apt . 
Just saw Twilight for the first time . Terrible , terrible movie . 
Will someone please tell me what < PROPMALE>'s Revenge is all about ? 
YAY GRADES ! 
lose and loose . there's a difference . 
Watching Meet Me in St. < PROPFIRST > alone by the light of the Christmas tree . So peas-ful . 
anyone play mw2 on pc ? 
@ hotel in Mobile :) 
Thanks to everyone who told me happy birthday . 
Shopping for clothes is depressing . 
Power < PROPMALE > this month is $185 for my one-bedroom apartment . ONE EIGHTY FIVE . 
Oops , forgot to pick up my Great Books final . < PROPFIRST > Phillips , I should have let you pick it up ;) 
meh . 
Sleepy . 
everyone was wearing fingerless gloves 
if I were < PROPFIRST > Jett , I'd be super pissed about < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
it is a beautiful day outside finally ! 
going to look at CATS today 
lab day sucks . 
my < PROPFEMALE > likes music 
gotta have my bowl , gotta have cereal 
Considering leaving Honors . Worth it ? 
Suggest to me a name for a kitten . 
The sports metaphors they make in The Universe make the show disappointingly lame . 
hot n ' spicy cheez-its . 
long day . love coming home to a night alone :/ 
SOME PEOPLE 
I can't open 2-liters by myself . Lame . 
Would rather study anything than what I need to be studying . 
last day of chem lab :) 
So excited to get my free Sorrento downloadable cookbook . Hehe . 
about to play Gun . 
If I made a minimum of an 85 on my last Cal . II exam ( the grades are not posted yet ... of course ) , I have to make at least a 94 on the final to get an A- . Really wishing I'd completed the extra credit . 
