Being pregnant is a trip ... I got a house full of food and all I want to eat is Hotdogs with mustard and bbq sauce ... what is really goin on ... lol 

Im gone do me and I could careless what he do 
Everytime I call ... he done just walked to the store , he sleep , or he aint there . Either I got bad timing , or DAMN FOOL is written across my head . What u think ? 
Sorry Im a little late ... I been in the hospital all day . But for what its worth ... HAPPY FATHER'S DAY to all the daddies and daddies to be . 
< PROPMALE > McNair Found Shot to Death !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Damn everybody dying ... whats going on it the world ???? 
is askin how could I end it without hurtin his feelings ???? Im over this roller coaster ride ... time to leave kiddie land and move on to the bigger roller coasters . 
My sisters water just broke !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! My nephew is on his way !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My nephew is here !!!!!!!!!!!!! Jaylan Pittman ... lil boss in training . Enjoying the single life !!!! 
HAPPY BDAY 2 MY GIRL < PROPFEMALE > AND MY DUDE KK ... GO HARD 4 YA BDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You doin all this talking ... and yet U aint sayin nothing . Say somethin that will get my interest and maybe you will get more than a simple hello . Words of advice : Step to me 100% or just fall back . 
Cant believe she came at me like that ... I played it cool though ... but if it wasnt for the fact that she is his niece I would have snapped on her ass . But im gone calm down . 
Going to work .... hit me up later . 
at SWIC pissed off ... nothing is going right for me today ... first my computer started acting stupid ... them my printer wouldnt print ... then I could find my car keys ... So I was late for class and couldnt turn in my last paper .... and now I have to wait for < PROPFEMALE > 
at SWIC pissed off ! Nothing is going right for me today ... first my pc started acting stupid ... then my printer wouldnt wrk ... then I couldnt find my car keys ... So I was late for class and couldnt turn in my paper .... and now I have to wait for like an hour o 
is saying good nite fb .... and to my honesty box friend ... how will I ever know if you dnt tell me , 
Havent seen or really talked to him in 2 days ... missin my friend .. wishing he'd call 
So thats 4 tatt's down like 3 or 4 more to go then im done .... hopefully 
at home gettin weak watchin Never Die Alone ... DMX went hard in this movie ... 
Happy Bday to everyone whose bday is today ... it was too many of yall to say it individually . 
is asking ppl ... How u goe get mad cuz I'm with somebody ? Is it my fault u took ur time to see if this was what u wanted ? While u were still wondering .. he knew what he wanted and did what it took to get it . Step ya game up . 
Is sad cuz my car is broke ... :( 
At the crib 4 the night ! I've never been so excited to go to sleep .... lmao 
If I had a piece of information about u that could have possibly changed ur life ... but after certain situations I feel that it wouldn't matter because it doesnt exist anymore ... would u want to know ??? 
gotta go get my check before 4 .. then pay my cable bill ... Then I get to enjoy my day off .... YAY ME !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hey FB .... Guess What !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got a new phone ... yes ya girl is connected once again !!!!!!!!!!! But that means I need #'s again so send them to my inbox . 
Is really tired ... didnt get any sleep last night , kept tossing and turnin ... and not I gotta sit at swic till my 10:00 class cuz my 8:00 is canceled 
The best things to have are the things we didnt know we wanted . Stop trying to find it and let it find u . 
is not feeling good at all !!!!!!!!!!! 
I feel like crap !!!!!! I have a head ache , a stuffy cold and I feel nauseous . I wish I could just go to sleep but Im not sleepy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I feel like crap !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ok so 4 sum reason every1 wants to be a rapper . Well there's a guy who calls himself the Best Rapper Alive aka B.R.A. 4 sum reason he thinks thats pronounced Bruh and not Bra ... I find it funny that he calls himself a titty supporter . LMAO !!!! He's a BRA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Been sleep all day ... now Im wide awake ... lol 
Gotta Be at wrk at 9 dnt get off til 7 . I'm all read not liking the sound of this day . :( 
Had my 1st Dr. ' s appt . today . Got to see my baby and hear its heart beat . I am 9weeks and 4days pregnant . The due date is June 25 !!!!! So far away from now ... but i still cant wait so see my baby !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
13 weeks and counting !!!!! June 25th is a long time from now ... but I still cant wait . 
At home bored as hell .. tryna get over this cold :( 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYBODY !!!!!!!!!!!!! AND HAPPY BDAY AMORE'!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mad cuz my car stopped on me !!! :( Hopefully whatever is wrong will be fixed tomorrow . 
Is tired of everyone thinking that just because they have an opinion it should be about my life . Im gone do me regaurdless . Its my life and I'll live how I want .. and right now I dont want to do what you suggest . If its so good .. itll will be the same later in life . 
We had our ups and rite now we're fighting thru our downs but no matter what the case is ; I love him with all my heart . If he wasn't worth it I wouldn't be fightin for it . 
Just came from the Dr. The baby is developing on schedule . 4 months and counting !!!!! 
He say that my attitude is why he dnt want to call all the time . But I dnt remember askin him to call . My question to him is : If you really quit callin do you think I would care ?????? 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has AUTISM . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that autism is not a disease ; people with autism are not looking for a cure but for ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% won't Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour 
Just got off the phone with Deonte !!! I miss him sooooo much !!!!!! Can't wait til March when he comes back home !!!!!! That phone call made my day and now Im going back to sleep . That trip down memory < PROPFIRST > was worth it !!! 
For you who dont know ... IM HAVING A BOY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Eli'jah Ahmir O'Neal is due June 25th !!!!!!!!!!! I cant wait . 
Thanks to everyone for the Bday wishes ! 
Bout to lay it down ... I am really tired ! Felling like a fat ass cuz my clothes dnt fit anymore ... lol Txt me only if its important ... if it can wait til tomorrow ... let it . Goodnite FB !!! 
SMH at ppl on FB ... when asked if they got money everybody hits the like button or makes a comment ... ask them same ppl if they takin care of their kids with that money ... i bet only a handful would respond or respond truthfully ... now u tell me WHERE THEY DO THAT AT ???? 
Its bad enough dudes tryna \do\ " me after I tell them I'm pregnant ... but what I experienced today has got to be the funniest thing in history . Im sitting at the light on North Belt West and a guy pulls up and blows his horn . I looked over and I COULD NOT BELIEVE THIS MAN WAS TRYNA TALK TO ME FROM THE DRIVER SIDE OF A FUNERAL HEARSE . LIKE SERIOUSLY DID U REALLY THINK THAT WAS GONE FLY ?????? SMFH AT THESE SILLY RABBITS . " 
R.I.P. Uncle Nan ... you will truly be missed ! 
Just left the Dr. feeling sick as hell !!!! Tryna get in touch with my sister cuz I need my hair done !! Bout to lay it down for a moment . Txt if its important ... if it can wait let it . 
Man when they say things happen in 3's they def . didnt lie . First it was my Uncle < PROPFEMALE > , and now its my friends father . My heart goes out to the Beard-White and the Hamilton- < PROPMALE > families . R.I.P Uncle < PROPFEMALE > and Mr. < PROPMALE > ! The both of you all will truly be missed . I wonder whose next .... HOPEFULLY NO ONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Let the saying be wrong this time , 2 is enough . 
Well today we laid to rest my uncle Fananza < PROPFIRST > Beard . Gone but never forgotten . So many tears , laughs , and memories shared today . In rememberance we went hard just for you . Love you always . 
I am truly a fat ass ... just got done eating and now Im sleepy ... lmao Im just gone blame it on the pregnancy . :) 
Food for thought : If you cant keep your word 4 simple things when it comes 2 me , how are you gone be able 2 keep your word 2 your child ? How do you expect me 2 believe your gonna be around when your son gets here , when you havent been around 4 the whole pregnancy ? You claim 2 do so much & yet fail to show proof . Dont get it twisted Im not judging you . Its just that your not making yourself seem worthy or dependable . 
Just had a big EPIPHANY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I have a new outlook on things now . The past is the past and the future is Eli'jah Ahmir O'Neal . All the other B.S. in the middle don't even matter . My joy is my own and cant no one take it away . 
All this time I thought you had a hold on me , thought you still had a piece of my heart . But I realized I wasn't still in love with you ... but in love with the memory of who you used to be . 
They saying goes \if you love something let it go if it comes back it was yours if it doesnt it never was\ " But I've seen ppl who done broke up three or four times and after the last time never get back together . So what type of credibility does this have . Sounds like a bunch of BS to me . What you think ? " 
I'm Lyin all alone in my room ... Toss and turn don't know what to do I need a you ... I want somebody to come ease this pain Baby me please tell me your name ... I need a you 
He think he love me ! Ni99a you dont love me ... Ni99a you dont love me ! 
Just left Church and now im headed to work . HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Never imagined I could be in love with a person I never met . How can someone be such a vital part of my exisitence and yet he's not even here . I've NEVER felt a love like this before . Cant wait to meet my lil man Eli'jah Ahmir O'Neal . Mommy loves you more than you caould ever know . Only a month and a half to go !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So I asked this man to tell me what he got for the baby so I can know what I need to get . He replied so seriously \Clothes and pampers\ " . Call me stupid but I think that mean I'm gettin EVERYTHING myself . SHM & LMAO cuz he was so serious . I knew I was doin this by myself but damn !!!! Can't wait til my son gets here . Mommy loves you Eli'jah!!!!! " 
I had a good time at my baby shower !!!! Thanks to everyone who came out and celebrated with me . Now I'm just awaiting the birth of my son . 
Loving all the ppl in my life ... old and new !! Realizing how truly blessed I am to have so many ppl supporting me on this journey of mommyhood . Axiously anticipating the arrival of Eli'jah Ahmir O'Neal . Loving him more every second of everyday . 
Im falling .... and surprisingly I dont want to stop !!! 
Yesterday was by far the best day in the world . I gave birth to my son Eli'jah Ahmir O'Neal!!!! Nothing or noone could ever replace the feeling I felt when we exchanged our first glances . Loving Eli'jah and life to the fullest . 
Happy Father's Day to all the father's on FB !!!!! Hope you all enjoy your day . 
Well , I survived the first night home with Eli'jah . I think he has his days and nights confused because I was up every two hrs from 11pm til 7am ... and now he's sleeping peacefully . Hate to wake him now ... but he's gotta eat . So in love with this thing call motherhood !!!! 
He slept through the night !!! I'm loving every second with him . 
Loving motherhood .. but hating being stuck in the house ... these 6 weeks need to go by as fast as possible . My son sleepin so now I'm bored ... lol . 
My son is 1wk old today !!! 
Loving my life rite now !!!!! I got a beautiful baby boy ; who is the center of my world . A family ; who supports and helps me in every way . And a friend ; who keeps a smile on my face and a soft spot in my heart . Who could ask anything more , and even if you could why would you want to ??? 
Who the hell is the weird chick singin < PROPMALE>'s song ????? 
Just got done cookin Pock Chops , Mashed Potatoes , and Sweet Peas ... bout to < PROPMALE > and later I'm makin a cake !!!!!!!! 
Hopin it is what it is ... hopefully this isnt jst a lil game he play . Thinkin Im in over my head ... dnt mind me im in my feelin box rite now .. lmao ( insider ) 
I done fucked up my phone , i think i got it wet ... so tired of lookin at this house , ready to get the hell outta here ... bored cuz my son sleep .. lol . Loving Eli'jah to the fullest extent !!! 
Sittin here feedin my son .. mad as hell cuz my computer fucked up ... yesterday it was my phone now this what next the tv ?? Thank God for safe mode cuz thats the only way i can get on ... smdh ! On another note tomorrow my son will be 3 wks old ! Loving him more and more each day !!!! 
Well FB , its gettin late and Eli'jah is gettin fussy so I'm about to call it a nite . Food for thought : Don't find a person whose just like you to build a relationship with ; find that person who makes you want to be a better person . Goodnite FB !!!! 
Loving my life !!! Got my son , my boo , family and friends . I wake up everyday with a smile on my face ... and no complaints about anything . Loving this hand that life has delt me !!! I'm truly happy . 
All in my emotions .. but in a good way . Not sure how he did it but he got my heart . Loving the way he makes me feel , the way he keeps a smile on my face . Loving everything about him . 
I hate when ppl say that men/women aint shit . In this world you get what you put out so if all you ever had was \aint shit\ " men/women then maybe you should evaluate yourself cuz you might be the other half of the \ " aint shit\ " situation . " 
Prayin for my guy Hakeem and his family . I kno its hard to mourn the lost of a loved one ; especially when its the mother of your children . 
My baby went to the Dr. today and got his shots . Now my baby dnt feel good , he running a fever . :( I dnt like seeing my poodah like this . 
Loving the men in my life ! Im thanking < PROPFEMALE > Lovinmotherhood Harper 4 introducin me to my boo , and thanking < PROPFIRST > Smooth Talkin < PROPMALE > 4 keepin my head straight bout alot of things . They say u dnt know a good thing until its gone ... good thing I didnt have to lose mine to realize he was in my face all along . Eli'jah and < PROPMALE > share my heart ! 
I need to find another/better job ... my whole day was spent at wrk .... and now when I get home to my son Im tired as hell and he sleep . I hate being away from him for so long , but I gotta make money to provide for him ... I need another situation . 
Say'n HAPPY BIRTHDAY SUPERMAN ( Kerchavian < PROPMALE > ) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GO HARD OR GO HARDER THOSE UR ONLY 2 CHOICES . 
Tryna see what Im gone do on my day off ... my son is with his TT and my luv dnt have to be at wrk til 9 ... Its early Ill find something to do ... hopefully . 
How can u be so in love with a person ? Some ppl aren't blessed enough to find someone that they can truly love and look at me I was blessed to find two . Eli'jah and < PROPMALE > have my heart ... and there's noone who can take it away from them . 
Hey FB ! I gotta a question . Can a man really get mad if the man that his son recognizes as his daddy aint him , when its his fault he not around ? 
Wishin somebody takes my shift today ... I have the worse migraine ever ... I jst wanna sleep the day away . 
How is it dat he is man enuff 2make a baby & proclaim wat it is dat he do/will do 4his baby ; but when it comes down 2it he does nothin ? My son been n the world 4almost 3months & aint never seen his sperm donor nor has his sperm donor done nething 4him . Dats ok tho b/c my son has a REAL MAN n his life & dats all dat matters & since u aint did shit 4 3months u dnt need 2see him/or do shit 4the next 18yrs . Its like that !!! 
Enjoy'n my 5day weekend for my baby's birthday . My hubby just turned 25 and we been goin hard since Wednesday ! What are we gone get into tonite ???? Lovin him !!! 
Man life throws shit at u outta no where ... u just gotta know how to catch it . Learning who to put up with and who to keep at a distance . Jst fucked up what ppl u keep at a distance be ur fam . Its jst us against the world . Rene+Elijah+Mel = My World . 
At home bored missin my love . Wishin he come home soon ... hate bein in ths big ass house by myself . 
Dnt kno if its worth the fight cuz it seems as if I'm alone in rhis battle 
at wrk bored as hell 
has been reading ppl status ' and came to the conclusion that fb needs spell check it was funny at first but now its just sad 
up so damn early and can't go back to sleep . man I hate it when this happens I guess today is goin to be a long day 
my baby growin in his first two teeth I can't believe he growin up so fast 
at home bored as hell .... i guess i should enjoy the quiet time since my son sleep ... lmao 
ok im bored ... ask me a question 
at home with the fam stomach on full ... enjoyin my two days off from wrk . 
my son dnt want me 2hear him say dada he would only say it when he thought I wasn't listenin bt when I popped his had he was cryin 4 his dada lmao he a mess 
at home mad as hell but I dnt wanna tlk bout it jst wanted to vent a little 
how is it my 5 1/2 month old son cnt crawl yet but he can climb off the couch ??? 
At home bored out of my mind !!!! Wishin I had somethin to do . 
its so fuckin cold my ragedy ass car won't stay started ! can't wait til taxes I'm gettin a new one . 
Up early 4 wrk . Got that long shift today 9-7 . Gotta make that $ 4 my son , so I'll be at wrk all day . Txt it . 
wrkd a 10 hour shift today at wrk stakin up my $ . Played wit my son for a few hrs and currently puttin him to sleep . T.V. for maybe a hr more then sleep 4 me . 
is so NOT in the Christmas spirit !! I really wish this day hurry the hell up and pass by . O.A.N. I need a vacation from everybody and everything ... me and my son need to get away for awhile 
R . I . P to my Uncle < PROPFIRST > . Your pain is over , now you can truly rest . Gone but never forgotten ! 
goin out 2nite bringin in the new year early . lookin kick it 2morrow too def not gone be in the house 
needs #'s got a new phone no contacts 
This ragedy ass car is bout to piss me off ... not only does it not have heat the damn doors frozen and wouldnt open .. and the one that did wouldnt stay closed and it was the damn passenger door so i couldnt hold as i was driving !!!!! This car needs to be scrap metal cuz its not fulfilling all of his duties as a car . 
thank you to every1 who wished me a happy 22nd bday . 
Doin what i do best ... ME !!!! I might be bad but I'm perfectly good at it ! 
I Just hope that u miss me a little when Im gone ... miss me a little when Im gone 
So my son will be 1 in 3months and Idk what I want to do for his bday .... I kno I dont want a chuckie cheese party cuz everybody do that and I mean what the hell a 1yr old gone do at chuckie cheese ... they dnt even have the balls no more lol ... anyways any suggestions ??? 
There comes a point in your life when FUN no longer means bar hopping , clubbing , being out till 4am or drinking too much . It means movies , going out for family dinners , bedtime stories , and sleeping at 9pm . Becoming a parent doesn't change you .... it makes you realize that the little people you created deserve THE BEST of your free time ! Re-post this if you are PROUD to be a parent and LOVE your \Boring\ " life !! " 
At first I was a child ... so I thought like a child . Next I was a adolesent so I thought as a adolesent . Now I am a grown woman .. and I think and make decisions like a grown woman . The time has come for me to put away childish things b/c now I have a child to think about . Everything I do is for Eli'jah . #Lovingmysontothefullest 
Bout to lay it down .... tomorrow is my day off and Im def . gone enjoy it . Only txt if its important ... if it can wait ... LET IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Goodnite FB !! 
Sometimes u gotta realize its over ... even when u dont want to be . Wasnt meant for us so I let it go . 
cant believe its ova ... but hey when ur unappreciated u have to make choices #heartbroken 
