Thanks to all who have wished me a Happy Birthday , and for all your prayers . 

My holiday is going great . I spoke to my lil brother over in Japan , and he sound great . I miss him being here , but I know that God is watching over him across seas . May all of you have a good and safe holiday , in which 2010 is the year that all will prosper . Happy Holidays my friends , love you . 
Happy New Year's Friends , may your year 2010 be a successful year , cut all the old crap of 2009 . It's time to move on to bigger and better things . Be safe tonight , I love all your bones !!!!!!!!! Love always friends . 
Frustration , Sadness , I will be fine ! 
Many things are on my mind right now , just laying down and thinking !!!!!!!!!!! 
I feel good !!!!! 
You never know how strong you are ...... until being strong is the only choice you have !! 
Doing BIG THINGS !!!!!!!! 
Through all of the weapons the Devil throw my way , I continue to prosper with God standing beside me !! 
One day at a time , my grandmother is now at rest with the Lord . Granny you're my heart and I know that you are in the best care . I Love you , Rest In Peace !!!!!! 
The third day , a little easy . Next week Saturday is surely a long way from today . 
Planning , planning , and more planning . This day much much better . That family is doing well , but can't say the same come next week . 
Good Evening fb another day has come and gone . My granny is surely being missed . I can't wait until the Saturday has come and gone . 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ( 1927 - 2010 ) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > is now laid to rest . She will be missed . Love you much granny , it will be different without your presence , but you will live forever . R.I.P 1927-2010 
To all my FB family thank you for all your support I really appreciate it . Love all ! 
My granny was laid to rest this day Saturday last week . Today is her birthday ......... Happy Birthday Granny , you are with the lord on you're 83rd birthday . 
Thank you fb family for the bday wishes and blessing . Seasons greeting to all ! 
Back at the hospital , prayers goes out to my lil brother . Staying strong ! 
Great faith operates under authority ! 
My students are happy they are completing a 15 < PROPFEMALE > research paper ! I am proud of them ! 
On A day your papers are due on Monday the 23rd , and for B day your papers are due on the 24th . One shot out to one of my students in my 4B , for not knowing ! Yippy ! 
