Spent a great New Year's < PROPFEMALE > with the best girl in the world . <3 Happy New Year everyone ! 

Just remembered I have homework to code due monday night I haven't started * endless string of expletives * 
I now has a facebook xD 
It's too early to have to get up for classes D= 
Everyone watch out for elevators , I think they're planning an uprising against the human race . 
How the fuck do you find the slope of a point !?!?!? 
Two hours left to write a 4 < PROPFEMALE > rough draft ... and I still have no clue what I'm going to write . 
is sitting here facebooking instead of writing his final draft which is due in 3 hours . 
Meeting with academic advisor tomorrow , what classes should I think about taking ? 
Super bored in class , but that's okay , lol facebook . 
Not gonna name names , but the ranger in our DnD group needs some serious aiming practice . 
Bus tickets are ridiculously expensive , does not make sense . 
YESSSS !!!! Honors Writing Seminar is for all intents and purposes cancelled !!! Don't have to do my homework !!!! 
I will allow for the existence of time travel on one condition : the very first thing done is someone goes back in time and murders whoever invented homework . 
It's okay everyone ! I found my Student ID card ! 
Please put this as your status if you know someone , or are related to , someone who was killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . Our wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the galaxy ... but the Galactic Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . ( 93% of people won't copy/paste this into their status ) . 
just found out there's going to be a < PROPFIRST > Bieber movie ... proceeding to /wrists 
I've gone to one class this week so far .... why am I so bad at making me do things D= 
Please join me in putting this on your status if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors . It's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up for vicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind of unstoppable . 93% won't copy and paste this . 
Pizza , short class , and an A on the paper I churned out an hour before it was due . Life is good . 
I'm surrounded by incompetence . Way to constantly fumble guis . 
I should really be doing research instead of these quizzes ... 
Everyone change their profile pic to their favorite video game character for Video Game November ! 
Whhyyyyyyyyy why did I schedule my FYE meeting for tomorrow , I need that half hour for paper writing time . 
Almost 2 pages down , little more than 3 to go tomorrow . I might actually finish this and have it not suck . 
only 2 and a half weeks till break ... so close , yet so far away ... 
Hooray ! No more essays ! 
Just found out that flash flash revolution is back . Am happy . 
Playing the best game in history , Sonic Colors ! 
1 final down , 2 to go 
I'm done . Finally done . 
Finishing packing , heading back to Delaware tomorrow ! 
Hooray I can access the internets again ! 
Just found out his birthday is National Velociraptor Awareness Day ! 
Brb , memorizing all the amazing songs in Moulin Rouge . 
Disappointed with the English names of the Gen V starters . Oh well , I'll always think of them with their Japanese names anyways . 
Caffeinated Drink at 3:45 am ? That totally sounds like a good idea ! 
So glad to be back in Rochester ! 
First sentence of our first handout in Data Structures : \This week we will be playing a game called ' Trolling ' . \"" 
sigh , aim , stop being dumb and connect already 
Wish I could appreciate the snow , but the cold I just got is getting in the way . D= 
Feeling marginally better after soup , still dreading the walk to class in the snow . 
To all the amazing bus drivers out there who help derpy college students go places and come back safely , we love you <3 
Sorry ethics , it's just not working out between us . I think we should see other people . 
Mostly packed to go home tomorrow morning ! Just need to do laundry and pack clothes .... uggh when will they learn to wash themselves . 
Is really happy because he just realized The Polar Express will be on TV again ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone , hope your holidays are as awesome as mine are turning out to be ! =D 
Just realized I spent 2 hours taking quizzes ... why are they so addicting . < PROPFEMALE > Long , I blame you >_< 
4 and a half hours of coloring .... great way to start college again Dx 
Raarrgh , Facebook stop eating my statuses . 
It is only one in the morning , why am I tired . 
Why has no one invented vertically floating pillows so you can rest your head and be on the interwebs at the same time ... 
So I think I did good on the cs practical .... if it weren't for the fact that the code they gave us to use didn't actually work for me , and the SI's couldn't figure out why it wasn't working >_< 
< PROPFEMALE > Whittington and < PROPFEMALE > Long have impeccable timing when it comes to asking me questions over AIM . 
Take that stupid cs project ! I am done with you -before- the day you're due ! /feelsaccomplished 
Okay body , work with me . I don't have to wake up until noon . That's 2 hours after 10 am . No need to wake up sooner . 
An entire day at Rochester without excessive wind ? * mind asplodes * 
It started with goldfish crackers , but I get the feeling < PROPFEMALE > Whittington and < PROPFEMALE > Long's crusade to straighten out my life has only just begun . What's a guy to do caught between two females . <3 
Loves < PROPFEMALE > Whittington , even when she's too tired to type out a coherent sentence . <3 
Why soda , why are you so delicious ? T_T 
why am I so cold , I don't understand D= 
If someone ever manages to cure the common cold I will be their best friend forever 
I hate this project so much . 
Dear Fire Drill people : All you do is ensure if there was a real fire no one would take it seriously . Also , I am cold . 
There are 77 stairs from tunnels to 5th floor Gibson . Just incase you were wondering . 
Found out that I am old enough to have my childhood shows be referenced on Family Guy . o.o 
So it turns out it's not a good idea to eat a bunch of Twizzlers , a pack of Chips Ahoy , and a chocolate < PROPFEMALE > all in one sitting . Who would have guessed . 
Just remembered that my programming class uses Java instead of Python . Don't even care that the annoying kid is in my section , I missed Java soooooo much . 
So reasons why I think I'm going to love Modern European History :\ 
1 . It covers the only period of modern history that I don't mind\ 
2 . The teacher is great and easy to listen to\ 
3 . Midterm and Final are open notes\ 
4 . Dropping one of the lectures to take the Final in class\ 
5 . First class was 15 mins . 
lol , my probability teacher is the most adorable distracted and technologically-impaired old man ever . <3 
has fallen asleep in every class so far today . >_< 
