Hey , Mom just called and wants to know if anyone saw an ecru tote with the logo from the mentoring program she's involved in on one side when she was visiting a couple of weekends ago . Apparently , it's disappeared and she's hoping one of us remembers taking it in somewhere from the < PROPFIRST > . 

Right , enough with the pictures . Back to reading Boas . 
My interlibrary loans are coming in ! Now , I just have to learn to read Spanish ... 
Looks like I get to drive down to Edinburg some weekend soon . Anyone else need to visit UT at Pan < PROPFEMALE > for a split of the gas money ? I'll drive . One day , in and out . 
Crap . I brought my portfolio home , but forgot my bag of < PROPMALE > pencils . I never can seem to get away with everything I need at one time . 
Nice day today . Stopped at Hobby Lobby for a couple of new colored pencils . It's probably ridiculous to use Prismacolors for what I do , but I love the way they feel when I use them . 
Buda Fine Arts Festival today in \downtown\ " Buda . It's free . " 
What's the point of a public access database that isn't actually publicly accessible ? Frustrated . 
Yay ! I'm officially no longer a burden on society ! I've got a job ! Well , I will have after I get back from the Los < PROPFEMALE > symposium , anyway . The shop doesn't open for another couple of weeks , but there's officially a light at the end of the tunnel and , for once , it's not a train ! 
Is it wrong to get really excited over a book filled with mortuary diagrams and a detailed catalog of burial goods ? 
Arggh ! My second laptop power cord just crapped out ! I just bought this one two months ago . I've got to take it back to Best Buy tomorrow . I'm without a computer for a while if they won't replace it . :( 
Yeah , I'm not getting anything done any more . Time to sleep . 
Things to do , things to do . The list keeps getting longer ... 
Actual writing of a thesis chapter has begun ! 
Well , things didn't quite go as planned tonight . My daughter and I met a little early at the park so we could get a light dinner and go over my stats results before the walk . We got to talking about my research . When I came up for air again , the thing had already started . I suppose it's just as well that I wasn't able to come up with any pledges for them . Next time , I'll leave my portfolios at home . 
Olmec Symposium in Los < PROPFEMALE > later this week ! 
Parkplace seeks Boardwalk for 50/50 split ... 
Too little sleep , too much caffeine and sugar , too much stuff to do before my plane leaves Thursday morning , and I can't think . I am hating life right now . Does that mean I'm doing this grad school thing right ? 
Trying to figure out if my duffel qualifies as a carry-on for American Airlines . 
Vista just crashed and took part of my paper for < PROPMALE > and Anthropology with it . 
I desperately want to go to bed , but I've got too much to do before the plane takes off tomorrow morning . sigh 
I've been wandering < PROPFEMALE > Boardwalk all day . I like it . It's kind of like South < PROPFIRST > , with a beach . 
The Ancient Mexico exhibit at LACMA is amazing . If you're within a hundred < PROPMALE > of LA while it's in town , you need to see it . Holy smokes . 
The exhibit was fabulous , the presentations on Saturday were wonderful , a great time with some new friends - and a very patient hotel concierge - on Saturday night , then a trip to Malibu this evening for a cookout by the ocean with a wonderfully gracious host - it's been a great weekend . Our flight leaves at 7 am tomorrow , though , and then back to reality . 
I'm going to put fliers on cars around campus offering to teach people how to park parallel to the curb without taking up twice the space needed for their vehicle . Judging from the observed lack of parking ability along < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > alone , I should make a mint . 
I'm in the library today , 5th floor between stacks H and F , if anyone's interested . I'll be here all day and most of the night unless I go down to the basement for a soda . sigh . 
“Our < PROPFEMALE > of the past has been molded by historians whose personal tastes have chosen particular episodes around which to fashion their stories . Actually events do not live on because of their occurrence ; they live on because writers have recreated them . ”\ 
\ 
-- < PROPFIRST > Kraus , The Writing of American History ( 1937 ) 
Meetings attended -- 1\ 
Emails sent -- 1\ 
Lectures attended -- 1\ 
Pointless arguments with idiots on internet forums -- 3\ 
Articles read -- 0\ 
Pages written -- 0\ 
Actual work accomplished -- sigh 
Repost from < PROPMALE > Gurton : A teacher is somewhere tonight preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching TV . In the minute it takes you to read this , teachers all over the country are sacrificing their own time for your child's literacy , prosperity , and future . Re-post this if you are a teacher , love a teacher , and/or appreciate our teachers . 
Does anyone happen to have a copy of the Moche fine line painting book that our < PROPMALE > and Anthropology readings have been taken from ? If so , can I borrow it some time tomorrow ? 
At least I still have the desk computer in the < PROPFEMALE > office ... sigh . 
Gotta remember to call Best Buy tomorrow . I'm not sure , but I think I bought the extended warranty on the computer . They should have the records . 
MY COMPUTER BOOTED UP !!! ( doing happy dance all over the living room . ) It's just got to get me through the beginning of next semester . Please computer gods , please ! 
Three of the living room tiles lost their adhesive while I was doing the Warrior sequence during this morning's yoga routine . Just about fell on my behind . That wouldn't do my bad knee any good , would it ? LOL 
Just figured out why my < PROPMALE > cat hasn't been coming home much lately . I just watched my niece's dog < PROPMALE > him out of the yard and down the street ! And here I thought that dog was barking at the neighbors ... Bloody hound ... 
The leaves of the elder bush have turned crimson and the storm clouds behind them are deep purple-grey , like a bruise . 
Conversation between me and Middle School assistant principal :\ 
\ 
Me : \I'm here to pick up Trystan Oowatie . \ " ( He'd missed his bus . )\ 
I've been trying to fix a leaky faucet all day . We had to soak the stem in WD40 to get it out of the housing , now I'm having to soak the stem in more WD40 to loosen the brass screw at the base just to find out what size washer it needs . It's been soaking for two hours now and I still can't budge the thing . This quick little repair is taking much longer than I'd anticipated . 
Ok , I just watched this week's CSI NY . Aside from ... well , everything else ... why is it that no one just turns on the damned lights to search a building in these shows anymore ? I can put up with the psycho/meth-head-fantasy-of-the-week plots and kind of like the science fiction aspects of them -- crime labs only wish they could do some of that stuff -- but conducting searches of dark rooms is just plain silly . 
Shouldn't my morning yoga routine be making me more flexible ? Snap ... crackle ... pop ... ugh ... 
I'm going nuts trying to find a web address for the Universidad de Cuernavaca . I can find addresses for other universities and colleges in Cuernavaca . I can find references to it on former students ' and faculty's websites ( with no links , of course . ) I can find it on the map in Google maps with a physical address . I just can't find the website . Going to bed , now . Sigh . Maybe it will pop up tomorrow . 
I found a half-cup of oatmeal and a can of pineapple in my desk drawer ! I can have lunch ! 
I printed out a whole mess of articles and images yesterday , then left them sitting on my desk . sigh . 
Has anyone else noticed that IMDB has stopped listing the entire casts of TV episodes ? It seems like they only list the < PROPMALE > characters , and then only if they want to . Sadly , the minor characters are usually the ones I'm looking for . IMDB is becoming more and more useless as time goes on . 
I'm starting to think I need to take a nap and come back to this paper later . No amount of caffeine seems to be helping and I'm starting to think longingly of foods that are bad for me . 
My tire's gone flat , so the car's still at the outlet mall . I'm going to have to go out tomorrow morning before class to get a used tire . I left the structural analysis on my desk at Uni and didn't realize until about an hour ago ; I'll have to rush through it tomorrow morning , too . Oh , and the Olmec paper ? Only half-written . It's due Tuesday morning . It's time for my end of semester panic . 
Day started out crappy but is getting steadily better . :) 
Why is it that all the decent doctoral programs are in places with at least three months of snow ? 
Going home , now . Need Aleve . 
Olmec paper is finished . I'm getting too old for this sh*t . 
I'm heading up to < PROPFIRST > Casteneda Library at UT for a few hours this afternoon , if anyone needs to do research there . Let me know and I can give you a ride . 
The migratory black buzzards are back and stretching their wings along the San < PROPMALE > River . I'm trying not to read anything into their appearance during finals . 
Two trips to < PROPFIRST > ( and $18 in parking fees ) later , I've discovered that between PCL and Benson , UT really doesn't have that much more information about my particular topic than TX State . Their on-line catalog just made it look like they did . grumblegrumblegrumble ... 
I used to think that my work shouldn't make me cry every day . I realized today that it should -- but for the right reasons . 
Looks like it's going to be an all-nighter in the library for me . I had intended to go home , make stir-fried broccoli for dinner and finish the paper there , but here I am , still . 
Last paper DONE ... and without the last minute editing rush . I have a full hour and twenty minutes before it's due . 
Curling up today with a warm cat and _Myths of Ancient Mexico_ . I need a little break . 
For anyone delivering a presentation in Olmec today : Good luck , I'm sure you'll all do a great job . If you need to practice for a few minutes before class , let me know . 
One day I wanna copy someones status word for word and see if they notice . 
Starting my cookie-baking marathon today . I hate Christmas shopping so I bake instead , which probably makes me a grinch in some people's eyes , but so be it . I had to cut out some of the more expensive recipes this year , but I think there will still be a good selection . 
Just ran across an article on \being single and loving it . \ " It was all about practicing relationship skills -- the author's apparent assumption being that a single person has none -- and finding a date . I'm fairly certain that's not the same thing . " 
Well , the chocolate pinwheels , cranberry icebox , cinnamon chocolate snaps and spice crinkled cookies are down . I may have to make more of the pinwheels ; how anyone got 6 dozen out of that recipe is beyond me . I barely got 30 . I may have to make more of the cranberry , too , if < PROPFEMALE > doesn't stop eating them . 
Uggh ! I applied for a par t-t ime admin position on Craigslist and got a scam artist who wanted me to accept payments from his clients into my bank account and ship things for him , with my pay coming from a cut of what his clients sent . No , I did not fall for it ; yes , I did report him . It's just very frustrating when all you want is a decent par t-t ime job . 
I don't know what's the matter with me today . I've got things to do , but I can't seem to drag myself off the couch . Maybe my subconscious is telling me I need the rest . 
Yum ! Peppermint cookies with lurid pink , pepperminty glaze . I just hope the stuff dries enough to pack them . 
went nowhere and did nothing . It was a pretty good day , all in all . Hope everyone had a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
I'm losing track of what I've saved where . I have too many flash drives . 
It's 36 degrees at noon in Buda . Have I mentioned that I think bears have the right idea ? 
It may take a prybar to get Tryst OUT of the Apple store ... 
Ugh . New student orientation today . I had to park a block over and down from where I've been parking . I wouldn't normally complain , but it's freaking cold out there . 
The best of intentions go out the window when someone orders pizza ... 
I'm so turned around today . I'm taking two lecture courses and Thesis B , I'm sitting in on at least three and possibly four , plus teaching my labs . I spent this afternoon trying to sort it all out and then realized I was 45 minutes late for the first lecture of Father < PROPFIRST>'s Mixtec class -- after I'd told him I would be there . Going home now . 
Okay , let the record show that I did try to take a course from someone other than my thesis advisor . 
Who was it who asked me to look for my stats book ? I've got it here in ELA255 , if you can catch me in the office today . 
Out of propane for the water heater . Gotta love those glacier-melt showers in the morning after an overnight freeze . 
Just tried to enter a contest using my zip code as a locater , and was told I had to be in the US to enter . Texas is still part of the union , right ? Have I missed something ? :D 
What a gorgeous day this has been ! < PROPFEMALE > and highs in the low seventies , just a little breezy . I could get used to this . 
Mid-seventies yesterday evening , low thirties and dropping today . Gotta love Texas weather . < PROPFEMALE > did not want to go outside-puppy this morning , poor thing . 
Free ! Three female rottweiler/rat terrier mix puppies ! Born on New Year's Day , these exceptional puppies are at their peak of adorability ! They like full tummies , warm beds and HOUSEWORK* ! Free shipping within the < PROPFIRST > / San < PROPMALE > metro area ! Act now ! 
I've got that let-down feeling I sometimes get after finishing a project . I feel like I ought to feel relieved and accomplished , but instead I'm just sort of down . Maybe I just need caffeine . 
Uni just canceled classes , for some bizarre reason . ( Probably to do with the rolling power outages , but still , we're all here , now . ) I guess I'll just eat my tuna , go home and roll around with puppies , then . 
A friend in south Texas reports that it's currently snowing near the Rio Grande . At least there's been no wet stuff with the cold , here . Ice and the Hill Country are a bad combination . 
Gorgeous day yesterday . Spent it hiking in McKinney Falls with Rilla -- she who shall be henceforth known as Woman-Who-Can't-Read-Park-Service-Map . :) 
Hit ice and spun out on the highway this morning . Be careful out there . 
Wishing I had a camera this morning . It's cold enough that the San < PROPMALE > River is steaming up around the egrets . I'd love to get a picture . 
Went for a walk/run this morning and my knee did not swell up to three times its normal size . Maybe it's finally healed -- as much as it's going to , anyway . It's still stiff in the mornings , but not as painful . 
Rats ! My ankle turned while I was walking down the hill to JCK today , and I missed the railing and now I've bunged up my other knee ! It was just a little sore until I sat down to do some paperwork , and now I can hardly put weight on it . I'll hobble home and put an ice pack on it , but darn it ! I was going to go running again this evening ... 
Alabama today , Louisiana tomorrow , then home . 
We did Poverty Point and Watson Brake in one day . Amazing places . Had loads of fun , but we're all exhausted , now . 
I am still exhausted . I think it's going to take a couple of days to recover from the lost sleep . 
Game time : You and I wake up in a police cell together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think !! 
A lady bug just landed on my computer . That's supposed to be good luck , isn't it ? Although , maybe not so much for the lady bug , since I'm in a windowless second-floor office ... 
I swear , I'm ready to drop my mobile carrier . My banking information has changed and they can NOT seem to figure out that the old account has been closed and if they try to debit THAT account , they won't get any money . This has been going on since January . 
Drivers , be careful downtown . There are a lot of folks in < PROPFIRST > from out of town , they're mostly all walking from venue to venue , and they're wandering around with their heads in their smart phones and not watching what's going on with the cars . I saw a couple of near-misses just between 8th and 6th streets , and it's still mid-afternoon . 
Argghhh ! 
