back in Abilene :P Really hungry and tired :D Glad to be home after traveling yesterday :P 

I am so freaking tired . I am so nervous and exicted about going to college . Homework not done . I am so sunked . 
Classes are coming up . Luckily I only have one for the first day . But I need to go shopping for food and stuff . I really need to find where my classes are the day before I have to go to them . Mmmm . . . so many things to do , NOT . Also , should I go on a cruise this Friday or stay in for the night ? Choices , choices . 
My ear drum are prementaly damaged from our Reggae Dance we had tonight . I left a little bit early and could hear the music outside of the building !!! It was that load !! But it was fun too . This place is awsome !!!!! 
Hungrey !!!! Also my advisor whats me to get into a modern foreign < PROPFEMALE > this semester . I kind-of want to wait at least this semester and may do French 101 in the summer if avaiable . Mmmm ... foood . 
Starving !!!!!!! 
Playing Apples to Apples 
I so freaking won that game !!! YEAH !!!!! First time playing too !!! ( Apples to Apples ) 
I extremely dislike the way they do books here . My roommates and I went down to get some books that we were missing but was not told of . Also it is not possible ( that I am aware of ) to find what books are for which class . So in turn I have a missing history book that is not in yet and was not told about it . Frusturating !!!! 
Just finished class and about to start my laundry . Yeah . . . not . 
I lost EVERYTHING AGAIN . This is getting to be really a bother to me putting everything back onto my computer . Grrrrr . . . . 
< PROPFIRST > Yost Well some how , when my computer rebuted , I got everything back including my music and whatnot . But I am praying that it doesnt happen again . Oh , I did however lose my printer and hasnt been able to put it back on . I hate computers . :( 
For all of my friends and family in Abilene , I am coming home October 17-20 ( Sat-Tues ) . Plane argrements are in the process now . I will up date you when I learn of times . See you soon Abilene , Texas . ;) 
Last night I was on the Gateway Clipper , so much fun ! :) Today I have a meeting for the Equestrian club today at 4 !!! I am so exicited :) Can't wait ! 
Just back from seeing \Angels and Demons\ " . Not a bad film really . I thought it would be worst . Tired now . " 
Just got back from a long walk around campus . I also had a nice long one-side conversation with the big man himself . At least I hope He was listening or people will start to think that I'am weiod or something . I really should go to bed . Ahuu . . . Night all . 
Just got back from Karate Club . Man . . . I am beat and I got really light headed in class but I am okay now . I am not 100% today either , so that didn't help . I had to miss 2 of my classes because I felt so bad this morning . Being sick is miserable , I hate it . 
Man , it does not feel like its only 11:33 here . It feels almost like 2 or something . I have so much stuff to do tomorrow but I have only one class so its all homework and errands I need to do . :( Boring stuff , really . Oh , I am going to my roommates , Nessa's , house this weekend !! :) I have yet to leave this 2-3 mile block since I have been here . ( Expect for the time I went to Pit . for the Clipper , doesn't count ) ;) 
Ok , just back from karate and from a shower and feeling 10X's better !!! A good workout for the stiff , sore mucles always help :P 
K , I am bored now . Hoping I can get a job with the dinning services on campus and going to sign up for equestrian team too :) Waiting for tech support to call back about printer . . . bored . 
I have just come back from working out . Uhhhh . . . I feel better already but my roommate and I have agreed that we both need to eat more vegeables and fruit than we have . And I need to drink more water as well . The computer guys have yet to call be back . . . . bet they will tomorrow when I am in class all day . Grrrr . . . sinks . 
I am at one of my roommates houses for this weekend and it has been very interesting . I just finished an essay due at midnight today . Last minute thing . . . I have a ton of homework this weekend that NEEDS to be done . Don't want to . . . . 
This day shall stay in the mind of everyone This day shall go into the history books But what shall they write about ? The horrors of the days afterwards Or the seconds of silent during The memorial of this tragic event has been delayed for another term Money or remembrance ? What is more important in todays world ? - 9/11 memory 
Well , I'am back from the weekend trip at my roommates home . We even went to church but I still miss FCPC . Now I have to do homework and see if my books are here for French tomorrow . Grrrr . . . . I have applied for 3 jobs and not 1 have called ot emailed me back and the equartion team have yet to email me back too . Very frustrating . This tanks :( 
Well , its lunch time here and I just had free pizza at a pre-law meeting . Sounds pretty cool with a cheap trip to D.C. in the spring . I am so freaking busy today and for the year . I have 21 hrs . of class and several activites and club that I am also doing . Uhhh . . . its going to be a busy , busy year . :P Tomorrow is the first day of dance class , so exicited !!!! Can't wait :) 
An All-nighter !!!! :P French test tomorrow :( I need to get at least a B , but hopefully ( cross my fingers ) an A !! That would be great . I got a tall and a supreme ( small and large ) cups of coffee with a sugar cookie , parfait , and we have junk food here in the dorm to kept me up , too . YEAH , so much fun . . . not . 
Just finished watching \Transformers\ " will be seeing the second one tomorrow ( or today ) in the college theatre . Can't wait ! Having a blast :) And finishing up laundry :P " 
I really need to start my speech homework . . . its due tomorrow . :( Oh , and I have an equestrian meeting wednesday and I had the first philsophy meeting today . The teacher is my karate sensi as well . Go me !!! So freaking busy . . . its tiring . Sleep time :P 
Homework , homework . . . why did God invent HOMEWORK !!!! It freaken stinks . Busy , busy tomorrow ; karate , book club , equestrian , anime , and ALLIES with 5 classes all tomorrow . . . kill me now :( Just do it will u . . . Can't wait until Sat . no class and no clubs :) YEAH !!!! Oh , and on Sunday I have a dance workshop in Youngstown , going to be awsome , can't wait !!!! :D 
Well , today I sleeped in and missed my Speech class . . . luckly we were only watching a video . But we had dance team tryouts ( I didn't tryout but my roommate Nessa did ) and I got to be the music person for the thing . On Sat maybe my first riding lesson :) but that means I cant sleep in til noon ( its at 10:30 ) :( 
Just got back from my first riding lesson and I can't wait until next week :) My roommates just left for the football game that starts at 1:30 . . . . I dislike football especially when its raining , I am now very bored . . . don't want to start homework but needs too :P 
Tired . . . frustraded too because i missed the dance workshop yesterday dur to sleepping in , typical of me . School , okay quiz today in history got a B . Bored , tired , and hungry . 
Kind-of-bored right now , could be doing homework but really dont want too . . . Missing home right now . Today was a pretty slow day for me , I probably slepted for over 10 hours today in between of going to class and eating and working out . Can't wait until I go home for fall break . :P 
Watching MythBusters right now , pretty cool show . Also , I may have a job at the TUB for 9 hrs a week . Hopefully . . . pray for it to be true . Anyways , test in speech tomorrow , yuck . . . don't want to . :( So tired right now , want to sleep but can't . Hate my life :P 
Really tired right now and it feels like I maybe coming down with a cold or something , would not be good . And I would like to hit walmart sometime soon , need a few things that i would find cheaper at walmart then at the store in town . A full day tomorrow , not really looking forward to it but will survive just like i always do . I need to go do my Thurs . workout as well , so many things to do and so little time . :P 
Okay , I have been getting up at 8:30 in the morning WITHOUT an alarm clock for the past few days , its really weird to be waking up before I need to , at least its not like 6:30 , then I would be hurting some people :D My roommates spent the night at other dorms so I had the whole room to myself :) Today will be a day for catch up on homework and study for exams for next week :P Wish me luck ! 
drinking a strawberry smoothie and trying to not think about the homework that still not done :P Big exams and a paper due this week . Also I have had a bad cough this weekend and praying that it does not become worse :( And I am counting down the days when I go home . . . 13 days :D And Nessa is helping me come up with a good halloween costume , she's really into it :P Talk of a sexy < PROPFEMALE > have been mentioned . . . 
going to get a cup of coffee and head over to Philosophy club . Today we are talking about philosophy and science and taking pictures :P 12 days til coming home :) 
Really tired and not feeling well either . Didnt do as well as I hoped on my Speech test but still passed . Have a French test tomorrow with a History test and English paper due on Friday . Cant wait till the weekend , no class !!! :P 11 days til I am home sweet home :D 
well , good news is that my english paper has been push to next Friday and I think I got a B on my French test today . . . but my inquire teacher lost my paper Grrrr . . . . hopes that he finds it Also history test Friday , really needs to study and work on it today . . . all essay writing :( And its homecoming this weekend :P I am in the parade handling the horses :) Tomorrow another long day . . . 9 days til I'am home :D 
History Exam tomorrow , an all-night study time !!! So much fun :P Also have a Inquiry and English exam on Monday :( And I have riding lessons at 6pm tomorrow due to the homecoming parade on Saturday :P Can't wait til next SATURDAY , going home to see family , Faith , and friends !!! :) 8 days left til I am home sweet home :D 
As you can tell by all of the quizes , I am really bored :P I had a English and Inquiry test today :( I believe that I did alright and I recieved my tests back for history and french . An 81 in history and an 84 in french :) I'am happy about them , even though I KNOW that if I studied more I would have done better . Oh well , maybe next time :P 5 days left !!! :) 
Well I am in 3 dances ( the < PROPMALE > . I can be in ) for Dance Theatre and will be finding out the rehearsal schedule tomorrow :P Really want school to be over with now . . . I really need to start my paper for english tomrrow :P And I only have one more class ( tomorrow ) for Wellness :) Only 3 more days left of class til Fall Break !!! :) And 4 days til I am home sweet home !!! :) 
Mmmmm . . . . really need to do my English paper , its due tomorrow :P Also I am going home in 2 DAYS !!! :) Can't wait :) Really just want to go home and enjoy being home :) Hoping that I don't have alot of homework over the break too :P See ya Abilene in 2 days !!!!! :) 
I AM HOME !!!!!!! :) Really nice to be home but missing the weather in < PROPFEMALE > :P Busy schedule catcking up with family , friends , and everything else :) Going to church tomorrow so I will be seeing ALOT of people tomorrwo , with coffee too :P Can't wait :) 
Mc Murry Anime Club is VERY interest :D I am going back tomorrow moring :P Going to miss my friends and family and not going to class , but I also miss the cold weather and all ofd < PROPFEMALE > :P I am hoping that its still fall up there and not winter yet :) 
Just got settled in and really tired right now :( Just want to sleep right now but I have to work on my wellness and french homework too :P Can I go to sleep for 10 hrs . and skip class as well tomorrow ? :P Kidding but really tempted :P 
Really tired and just want ot go to sleep but needs to revise and finish my outlines for speech tomorrow :P My brain is just not feeling right today . . . it feels like a Monday so I am thinking that it is Mon and I dont have all of these things to due until Wed , but thats today :( It has not been my day :P Missed two of my classes due to sleeping and I still dont feel 100% yet :( 
Well , feeling less tired today but still a little off key :P Cant believe that tomorrow is Friday , so going to enjoy this weekend :D Have a mega of homework to do so thats the down side :P And no Dance today , which made me happy :) 
ran into a bit of a problem when I was going through my classes for next semester and found out that to take that classes that I want , and the one required class , I would be going over . . . again :P This really pointless class called Writing is messing with my schedule , if not for this class I would be at 18 , if not 19 with a PE class as well :P It really tanks :( 
about to eat Ramen for dinner :P I had a full 6 hours at the barn today and I am so tired right now . Also I taught my first lesson today , pony ride , and is wasnt too bad . Of course I only had a little girl for the lesson , but still :P Tomorow will be dancing and homework :( Not looking forward to it , especially the homework part :P Really sleepy right now , think I should take a nap before hitting the books :P 
Its been a long Monday and I cant wait until this week is over and done with :P Really tired and I have alot of things going on tomorrow :P Cant wait til Sturday . . . HALLOWEEN !!!! :D 
just got back from talking to my advisor and if everything works out , which I hope it does , I will be taking 22 credits next semester :P Its going to be an interesting semester , next year :D Going to give blood at 2 so I am having cheeios and orange juice since I didnt have breakfast :P Everything is going good here and its warm too :( I want my cold back XD 
. . . . well they dont want my blood because I am underweight !!!! For being 18 yrs . old and 5 ' , I would have to weight 138lbs . to be able to give blood !! its really dump but when I turn 19 , weight ( at long as I am over 110lbs . ) does not become an issue . Makes no freaking sense !!! 
really need to start homework . . . I have a test in french tomorrow and a paper due in inquriy as well :( Also for my mid term grade average it is . . . . 3.2833333 :) But I would like to raise it to a ( at least ) 3.5 by the end semester :P More studying invloved :P That is never fun XP 
just sent out a post for a fundrasier for the WCET ( westminster college equestrian team ) and am hoping that people will want some :) Really should start homework , need to do some < PROPMALE > reading :P Really hungry too and need to go workout as well , I am really just lazly around my dorm for today , no class ( expect for this morning ) :) 
my roommates are watching \the Strangers\ " and I have my headphones on to tune out the screaming and all :( " 
been at the barn since 8:30 and really tired and sore :( But it was fun too :) Got a shower and thinking about a nap to rest until tonight :P HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!!!! 
really need to start homework :P I have a speech with a powerpoint due tomorrow and I start my job too XD It will be a interesting day tomorrow :P 
just had a first day on the job and its not going to a really hard one , but it will create a long day for me on Tues and Thurs :P Also I got an 88 on my speech today :) I'am pretty happy about it but I now have a exam Thurs :P Its going to be a long two weeks :( 
hanging out tonight , just like every Friday night :D Keeping busy too with school , work , and other activites :P Next week is going to be a buzy week for me with a quiz , two projects in English , and a paper due in Inquiry :( Cant waint til Thanksgiving Break , Yahooo !!!! :) 
had a really , reallybad weekend and today was a day full of ups and downs . I just need to get away from all of this drama and mess for at least the weekend , but that is not going to happen until Thanksgiving break :( Although my sister and brother-in-law did offer to take me for the weekend sometime and my sister does know a few people on campus who can help me through this :) Just want it to be over and done with :P 
Just for friends and family to be updated on the situaration , I am now in a different room for the moment until we can sit down and talk with the others girls and with the RA and RD . It has also be mentioned for me to permentally moving out for the room if we can not come to a solution or that I still feel uncomfortable there . Prayers and thoughts are thankful for the still difficult road ahead of me . :) 
really am tired all of the time . I don't know if it is a cause from all of the stress lately or I am getting sick . I haven't been feeling really well in the past few days . Also I am now in the process on finding a new roommate but if looks like I will be moving into a different building if the one person who contact me ( she's in my French class ) goes well . Really want this thing to end :P 13 more days and counting :) 
am going home to my grandparents for the weekend ! Iam really happy because I really do need to get away from all of this stress :P But a good thing that my english project was extented to Mon so I have more time to get that done and do it well :D Also i need to start on my history exam essay and study for the term portion , as well as some other homework :P It is going to be a weekend of homework and just lazing around :D 
am back at school safe and sound . I had a wonderful weekend of being with my grandparents and being around animals again :) I think the animals and my grandparents are in a race to see who i want to see more now :P ( not really , but still I miss have Faith around ) Anyhow , i am hoping that all of my roommate troubles will be over by thanksgiving and that ( at least ) will have a plan on movinf me to a different room :) 
really not feeling well . My throat hurts , i have been having headaches , really tired lately , and I can't think on any school work . It has been a pretty miserable day for me :P Really want Thanksgiving to be here already . 8 days and counting !! 
am really sick right now . I think i have an infected ear and a bunch of other stuff . Have an doctors appointment at 8:40 . Also i have an exam at 10:30 , so i hope i feel better by then :P This is possibly the worst week to be sick for school . Why me ? 
feeling a bit better , plan to go to work tonight and the good news is that tech class got cancelled tonight as well :D But there is a speech going on tonight at 8 ( reason why tech was cancelled ) and my Inquiry prof . want us to go to it :P Also have a much of homework for tomorrow still to do . . . . I will Thanksgiving would be here already , 6more days and counting :D 
feeling much better(expect for this morning , felt really bad , missed Speech :P )but I am trying to finish my english project and work on my history essay(thats part of our exam and needs to be 1200 words :P )with little success . . . but I have no option I MUST FINISH IT TONIGHT :( Also moving into a different room(permantly)this weekend :) havent meet the new roommate so that will be interesting :P 5 days til BREAK :D 
is feeling much better after over 12 hours of sleep :D Only two more days of classes than i have through for the break :P Also I am my new room with a new roommates . . . . I need time to know if everything will be good or not , since we dont know each other and what not :P Today is laundry and homework days . . . hopefully also my mediation days as well :D 
really wishes for a couple of my classes to be cancelled tomorrow and speech on Tuesday . . . not going to happen but a girl can wish :P Have 2 test tomorrow , french and english , not going to be fun at all :( Really should be working on homework , but I just can't get my mind on it yet :P Though i need to , I have way too much due tomorrow and not enough time to get everything done :P Going home in 2 days :D Can't wait !!! 
I'am HOME !!!! :D Finially home for the break :D But will only be here til Sunday morning , so if you want to see me than call or sent me a message to make plans for the time I am here :P lol , its nice to be home with family and friends :) 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get ... If you give me a ridiculous question ... I will give you a ridiculous answer . ........ gnight :P ( copyed from Diona's status , but same go ) 
DO NOT ACCEPT A FRIEND REQUEST FROM A < PROPFIRST > DAVIES AND < PROPFEMALE > DAVIES THEY ARE HACKERS . TELL EVERYONE ON YOUR LIST BECAUSE IF SOMEBODY ON YOUR LIST ADDS THEM , THEY'LL BE ON YOUR LIST TOO . THEY FIGURE OUT YOUR COMPUTERS ID AND ADDRESS SO COPY AND PASTE THIS MESSAGE EVEN IF YOU DONT CARE . 
work overtime today , so thats extra money for me :) But i am so tired too , had to do laundry as well :P Praying for xmas break to be here already :P 11 days and counting :D These last 2 weeks are going to kill me , but it will be worth it when i get home :D Ahhhh . . . . snow , want at least 6 in . before i leave :D 
will be home in a WEEK !!! :D So happy , but still have to get through finals :P thats going to be a pain and i have a ton of stuuf due tomorrow for class that i need to turn in . Tomorrow is the last day of class . . . Thanks God :D 6 days til Break :D 
really need to start studying for finals , just cant get modivated though :P I've got too much to do in the next few days . . . . clean , pack , study , etc . So much to do , so little time :P 
just got back from my Speech final , and I got an 86 !!!! And I sold my book and recieved $15 !!! :D So happy that Speech is FINIALLY over with :P But I still have my history final at 11:30 , it should be too bad but I still need to study more :P Too much to do , so little time :P 
its 4:00 in the morning here and my roommate suggested on doing outside to make snow angels . . . . . It was a BLAST !!!! I was sliding everywhere , playing in the snow , just acting as a kid :D It was the stress release I need and I wish I could stay here for the break , but have all of my friends and family come here . . . . I am already missing the snow :P 
HOMEEEE !!!!! I'm in Abilene and already missing the snow :P This morning I was making snowballs and tonight I can see the ground :D But maybe I will have mysnow when we go to St. Louis for my brother's wedding :D Cant believe that Christmas is only 5 days away :D Its good to be home through :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy New Years !!!! Cant beli < PROPFEMALE > that its christmas < PROPFEMALE > already :D Get to open the Secret < PROPFEMALE > gifts today after church :D Than open more presents tomorrow ;) Have a wonderful holiday !!!! 
Its the day after xmas and i have a ton of things to do before we leave for < PROPMALE>'s wedding :D Like laundry and cleaning my room . . . . it sucks :( But I'll deal with it just like everything I do :D Hope that everyone had a wonderful xmas !!! We still have snow on the ground ( though it is melting :P ) so that is miracle in itself :D 
Happy New Year everyone . . . . I am tired already :P 
catching up with friends and sleeping :D Watched Avator and Sherlock Holmes , both great films and highly recommand them :) 
watching < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > with the parents :) 
watching \The < PROPMALE > of Tennis\ " and its awsome :D " 
watching \Rurouni Kenshin\ " and packing :D I have too much stuff to pack and I feel trhat I will never get everything packed for tomorrow :P " 
watching the Australian Open ( tennis ) and I am really enjoying it :D But I enjoy watching the mens side more , but both are good :O 
Gooooo . . . . Riddick !!!! :D 
homework , I hate it :( 
French test tomorrow , really should study but not getting into the mood at all :P 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and past this as your status .. Then Put the first entry for your name under comments . 
really bored right now :P Have homework but does not want to do it . I have too much free time right now that i am not working and all :P 
hate homework :( Especally Frank-o-stupit that I have to read :P I have never been able to actually read it , the disussions in class is what made me pass that part of the class in middle school :P But I was able to talk to an old friend of mine from Abilene , and it was nice :) I do need to talk to my friends from home more often :P 
feel like a long walk around campus to just enjoy and take picture , especally since its snowing too :D Its beautiful :) 
talking to my roommate on facebook . . . . . while she is in the room with me :D 
really sore and tired :P Really wish I could go home for the weekend or something :( But I cant due to dance this week , cant wait for it to be over with but also glad to see my parents in about a week :) sleepy :P 
watching the Winter Olympics and have this strong < PROPFEMALE > to go snowbroad :D Dance week will be start Sat . . . . . I will be VERY glad when this is over with :P 
very little sleep due to studing for French , really needed a high score to make up my last one . . . . and I believe I did better on this test than on any other French test I have ever taken :D Hopefully I will get a high B or something close to it :P Also , not feeling well :( I feel louzy and still have a Latin quiz at 1250 that I have to study for . . . . my life stinks at times :( 
finishing up an essay that was due before 3 today ( Monday ) . . . I really hate my life :( Also , have a < PROPMALE > philosophy exam tomorrow too :P 4 more days until SPRING BREAK :D Can't wait to go home and sleep and relax for a whole 10 days :) 
really sinking at Lain :( I just dont understand it and the teacher does not explain it very well :( Really greatful for Spring Break :D Sleep , relaxation , friends , and family . . . . best time of mylife :D 
am finially home !!!! :D its good to be home for a change :) Cant wait to just relax and enjoy with friends and family :) Sleeping in is a definially mus t-t o-do for the week too :D 
have a friggen virus on my computer and now its all messed up :( So I am stuck with the family computer until we cen get it fixed up . . . . which will hopefully be before i go back to college . It was cause through a facebook message of a link to a youtube video from my mom ( < PROPFEMALE > Yost ) that she had recieved from a friend of hers , and sent to all of my moms friends and which i now have :P Life stinks at time :( 
in < PROPMALE > . . . . still need to read \Dracula\ " for school though :P Really should though :D Wishing spring break was longer though . . . . I didnt get to see my friends as often as I liked to :( " 
has been sick for the past couple of days and has a research paper that has to be done by Monday morning . . . . . . life sucks :P 
think that I will be changing my research paper topic that will have a heck of more sources , and something i REALLY like , like History :) and its due TOMORROW :P Isnt life just grand :D . . . . . . . . jk 
has so much to do this weekend :P And its my last weekend here too :D Cant wait to be home in my own bed , Faith to pet , friends to < PROPFEMALE > out with , and family to bug :D Life is grand after school is out :) But before I need to pack , work , study , and play VolleyRock this weekend :P 8 days til I am HOME !!!!!!! <3 
R.I.P. beloved I-pod nano :( You shall be missed <3 
just finished my philosophy exam , all i have to do is turn it in :D Also , I got to eat 5 declious cinnomon buns from Eatin Park due to my good friend < PROPFEMALE > , Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Also I was the Sodexo employee winner ( of something :P ) and recieved a $20 gift card to < PROPMALE > Evans :) . . . . to bad none are any where close to where I live :P Cant wait to be home . . . . 2 days and counting !!!!!! :D 
at PittAirport waiting to be boarded :) Hopefully my flight to < PROPFIRST > and Abilene will not be delayed due to the storms , and if my luck is still running , I will be in Abilene before 5 tonight !!!!!!!! :D But I still love my Westminster friends , and will be missed <3 
man , i am so freaken busy and i just got home !!!! I have been searching for a new ipod ( cause i am going nuts without one ) , trying to figure out travel plans with < PROPFEMALE > and di to see < PROPFEMALE > , cleaning out my closet , and trying to catch up on news and stuff . Also , due babysitting i will not be able to go to Abilene Ballet Recital this Saturday ( i really sad after i realized my mistake :( 
my computer is in the shop due to a trojan virus . . . . . . . again :( 
is not feeling so great today . . . . but i still need to get out of the house too :( Life sucks at times :P 
had a better okay day :P Going to start using the Wii fitness training . . . . goal 120lbs . :) Lets see if I can do it :D 
wants to be left alone for a while :( 
Babysate from 10-9pm . . . . long day 
just got home from < PROPMALE > , had a grand time and well-worth the drive . Was able to achieve and get what i need too , and spend sometime with the ' rents as well . 
today has pretty much sucked , went to the dentist for a clean-up and they found a small cavity , since they had time I got the filling done at the sametime , during this time my eye was killing me(it had started yesterday and wasnt better)so when i got home called the eye dr and got an app . and it turns out my eye was irrated and to make sure that it doesnt get invected i got eyedrops that cost $20 
going to be leaving for 2 weeks soon and i feel like crap right now :( My whole body feels like a ton and my throat is killing me right now . . . . . what else could happen or go wrong to make my summer even worst 
clean/vacuum my room and cleaned the bathroom ( which really needed it ) today , tomorrow i will be spending the morning at Buff . Gap for VBS than packing and cleaning for the afternoon . . . . fun fun :P 
in < PROPFEMALE > with my sister and family for 2 weeks , disappointed that my ipod didnt come in before i left :( 
proudly announces the birth of my new niece < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Orr on Tuesday , July 7 at 2:20 pm est . at 7lbs . 7 1/2 oz . and 20\ long :D " 
super tired :P 
home again , with an eye prblem again :( going to see the eye dr. and my regular dr. tomorrow 
got my i-pod touch today and lovin ' it :D 
Having loads of fun playing with my new iPod :D 
In < PROPFEMALE > , at my sister's house with wi-fi !!!!! Finally :D Still tried though :P 
Enjoying the last day with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > !!! Going to have home-made pizza for dinner . . . a good day in all :) 
Enjoyed walking around Jamboree today , even though i am really sore right now :P Really would have like to be there at a Scout . . . . would have been at the scuba , archery , and shotgun all week :D 
Home at last ! Going to enjoy the week off till this weekend when we go to San < PROPFIRST > with my family :) rest for now 
Having eye problems right now . . . Third time the charm right :P and I can't find my glasses too . It's been a rough morning :( 
looong weekend . . . . . wish it was Sunday already :P 
an extra long weekend that extends til Monday . . . . cant this misery end :( though one good thindg is that dance starts tomorrow , YEAH freedom :D 
saw \Charlie St. Cloud\ " . . . . would recommand to see it " 
after not having a full-out dance class in over 6 months , I am really sore after 2 days of dance and it feels GREAT :D 
had my last day of dance class , sad time :( Getting ready for school , mixed feelings about it :P 
arrived at school is sorta unpack . . . . i really need bookself though :P 
need to start writing my paper that needs to be done in less than 8 hours , through its only 3 pages and I already have an idea , just need to write it :P 
so freaken tired right now and i didnt to much today either :P Going to be doing homework and readings all day tomorrow , but I think I got my room all nice and organize , just like I like it :) First week of class , not too bad , Ill have to see what the next few weeks are like to have a good grasp of it :( So bed time now :D 
Westminster finally has wireless and I am lovin ' it :D Although they dont have it for mobile devices yet , so no interent on iPod :( But I got my calculus homework done today when its not due til Thurs . and i am stressed free from that :D Maybe now , I can go to bed at a reasonable time and work on reading for my history classes :) 
my body went on rebellion today and decided that it was Saturday , not Friday . . . . inaffect , I missed my 2 classes and meeting that I had :( Thought the plus side , I feel better than I did yesterday :) 
reading all night long for classes , tomorrow writting a paper for methods . . . life sucks at times :P 
my phone is on the fitz , so if you either call or text me and I have not gotten back to you , I have no screen to know who text or call me , so its not you . . . . it sucks right now :( 
found two study abroad progams for next semester , one in England and the other in Japan . . . . wish me luck !!! One of the applecation is due next Friday . . . I got my work cut out for me til then :) 
thinks that I am coming down with a cold . No sleep tonight though . . . have a < PROPMALE > test and quiz tomorrow :( Its going to sink :P 
got my new phone today . . . . I now have a SCREEN , and its a touch one too !!!! :D Through I have to get up early tomorrow :P dance aiditions 
if freezing in her room . . . not fun at all :( 
fell off of a horse today , sore and bruised but okay , than after I fell of ( with the saddle ) I got right back on bareback :D It was an adventurous day :) 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how faraway they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that ...... life ... is busy ... but you will ... ALWAYS love them .... Re-post if you have @ least 1 of these friends !!! 
suck at school for Fall Break , and yet I am enjoying myself surrounded by peace and quiet , I even feel like doing homework :D I wish it was always like this :) 
having a persoanl Dragon Ball Z marathon tonight :D Almost finished with season 3 , but I need to finish my french homework too :P and laundry , and to enjoy my last night of the break :) 
is actually working on homework thats not due tomorrow , this is a new experience :) Through I still need to do the stuff due tomorrow too :P 
hate Tuesday's , so much to do with no time to nap :( Also have a ton of researching to do this weekend for next week :P Its not going to be a fun couple of weeks before Thanksgiving break . . . . or after either :( 
its going to be a long week , and an even longer day :P 
Was reminded today that it is Nutcracker week . . . . man , one of the < PROPMALE > things I miss in living in Abilene is Nutcracker week ;) My roommates thinks i am crazy to be listening to it and dancing to it :) Ah , I wish we had a week off so I would at least be able to go , but nope I am stuck here til Tuesday :P Its not going to be a nice , relaxing break either . . . have at least 3 papers due after i come back too :( 
dont text me , til after lunch tomorrow . . . . my phone is locked and I cant access anything :( Life sucks !!!! 
well . . . . I dont have a phone til probably after Thanksgiving break , so fb will be my only communation for awhile :P 
ok , i do have a phone right now . . . . but its my old one , so it doesnt have a screen . So , I will not recieve any text , or voice mail/missed calls . . . so dont leave any ! Luckly , its only temporary and should be fix by Nov 30 . . . . hopefully :P 
I'am HOMEEE !!!!!!! And it feels wonderful , and relaxing already :D 
Loving just laying in my own bed , clean from a nice shower and not having to wake up before 10am tomorrow . . . Enjoying the good life :D 
wish I was still at home and it was Christmas break , so that I wouldn't have to worry about class and grades :P 
just got an email that my phone was mailed today :) Happy , through I dont know how long it will take . . . hopefully not long :P 
its snowing here at school !!!!!! YEAH !!!! :D . . . . my roommates hate me now :) 
ahhhh . . . . . peppermint sugar cookie , my life is now complete :) 
my phone came in !!!!! I now have texting and everything is wonderful . . . . minus all of the homework I have this weekend . . . not time rest :P 
working all day today , so little studying going to happen :P and tomorrows calculus too . . . . life sucks :( 
Got my grades today . . . Not too good , have to retake 2 classes :( 
I got a new haircut today , and loving it :D and cant beli < PROPFEMALE > its already xmas < PROPFEMALE > . . . . though i had fun hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > , Diona and < PROPMALE > ( though not as much ) today :) 
It's been a wonderful Christmas . . . got a Kindle , iHome , 2 wii games , and a bunch of other things too :) 
Well today has been one of the worst day ever . I messed up both mine and my mom's laptop and will probably have to buy new ones . . . can anyone go back in time and fix it :( I need a < PROPFEMALE > godmother for this problem . 
at school , with no computer for a little while . . . . and the TUB(school food ) didnt open til tonight so I had to order Chinese my first night back , there is something wrong with this picture :( 
enjoying my classes for right now , though I keep on sleeping through one of them . . . Iam betting its the prof . that makes my sleepy :P And I got my hands dirty in < PROPMALE > class today , with a load of work for the weekend for both classes :P But Iam enjoying it , so its all good :) Need to go shopping this weekend too . . . need food in dorm :D 
been a crapping day . . . st < PROPMALE > ed out okay , slept til about 11ish but still really sore from karate/riding/work , went to my one class , the prof makes me want to pull my hair out for this stupid project , than to karate where I was in pain for being so sore but I got to learn 2 new kicks And then I went to work with no breaks than on my way to finish my < PROPMALE > , I fell and busted my knee . . . it has been a heck of a day :P 
well , I will be going to NYC Feb 18-20 :D and I hope to have my computer before than :P I have realized that not having a computer in my room is a big pain since I have to go to the library/computer labs to check emails and do basic research , and I have two presentations that are do before the NYC trip . . . which is in less than 2 weeks :( Sometimes I really dont understand professors and their logic :P 
well . . . . I over slept today and the tickets for NYC sold out before I got there :( and work was hectic and crappy too . Just want to lay down and not think for a couple of hours :P 
worst day ever !!!! :( 
thinking of buying a tv and a dvd player soon :) any suggestions or comments ? 
got my new computer today , YEAH !!!! :D though i really really hate Windows 7 :( But I really like the computer , just dislike the program :P 
having problems with my new computer . . . its not recognizing my flashdrives or any of my cds and its been driving me crazy :P I just hope its a simple problem that can be fixed with a button or two :( 
I'am finially HOME in Texas !!!! :D Going to enjoy that next week off :) 
long , busy day with an even longer , busy week ahead :( 
cant wait til this weekend is over with :P 
well , its offical , I have a senus infection :( and I didnt get a single room . . . so , I am in the search of a roommates :P Any one ?? :) 
Found a roommate , Thanks A'Lanna!!! :) 
