who needs to get drunk and have a huge party on new years < PROPFEMALE > to have a good time ? to prove my point me and < PROPMALE > danced out side like idiots for the first 20 mins of 2010 . Epic you might ask ? and the answer is yes . 

its 10 outside and im wearing a t-shirt ? somthing is very wrong with me . 
Super Nintendo , Sega < PROPFEMALE > When I was dead broke , man I couldn't picture this 50 inch screen , money green leather sofa Got two rides , a limousine with a chauffeur Phone < PROPMALE > about two G's flat No need to worry , my accountant handles that And my whole crew is loungin ' Celebratin ' every day , no more public housin ' Thinkin ' back on my one-room shack Now my mom pimps a Ac ' with minks on her back 
just got done with my morning workout ! im not doing anything for the rest of the day 
im i the only person that likes the cold . 
i wish i had money . 
I HAVE A FACEBOOK ? HAHA 
got accepted to state ! 
just balls . 
im bored lets go do something people ! 
and mills a party man ? i thnk not 
pretty epic last couple of weeks meet some great new friends ! 
day number two people . ( Today , I pulled over to help an attractive girl on the highway in the middle of nowhere . When I asked if she needed help she told me she was going to try starting her car one more time . She then started to make fake engine noises and told me that she was good to go and that I should be on my way . FML ) 
defin < PROPMALE > mills in one word ?................ It would have to be .. Epic . 
i missed yesterdays FML so we will do two today ? 3 . Today , I sneezed in the shower . When I got out , I got a text from my creepy old neighbor saying \Bless you\ " . FML " 
does anyone know who the hell < PROPFEMALE > myers is ? 
the roads suck . But it is fun sliding all over the place if you ask me . 
i don't think it gets much more fun than doing donuts in a astro < PROPFIRST > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Murphy died yesterday ? that sucks . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! but why does it have to be at 6 o'clock in the morning people ? 
got aids ? 
looking for a job sucks !!! i need that cash flow people . 
syfy came out with a new series called the midnight meat train . Sounds like a bad porno name to me . 
new pics people . comment away ! 
fuck new years 
nothing like working on getting my G.E.D 
10 down 40 to go people ! 
Dose anyone know where i can watch House M.D online for free ? 
House is like crack . You watch one episode and say to yourself you should prob go do something and then next thing you know 10 hours have past and you don't know where the time went . 
I HATE the dentist . the only cool thing is half of my face is numb . but i was eating and bit a hole through my lip . everything cool somehow leads to pain i dont get it . 
FML ? i think so 
going to put a job app in . cross your fingers people ! 
i think i got called gay by a gay guy today ? i was confused 
my absolute favorite weather of all time is rain . LOVE LOVE LOVE it . 
i have one word for the last 6 months of my life . and the word is .. FUCK . 
my head feels like it is going to explode !!!! 
i think i'm addicted to working out . i mean i only go 6 days a week . haha 
why do people like this fag ? hes like 12 ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXUSaVw3Mvk&feature=fvw 
i might be a lot things but egotistical i am not . 
going to play pool tonight 
we are going to all get raped with 9 inches of snow . 
FMl ? 
my sinuses are messed up . it feels like im being stabbed in the back of my eye . and not to mention the headache Ive had for 3 days straight . 
The womans Canadian hockey team is getting there gold medals taken away and given to the U.S because of the way the Canadians celebrated there win last night . Thats just proves how stupid they are . Go U.S ! 
im hungry 
well my mom is in the hospital with pneumonia , plus cancer . how shitty is that ? 
U . S . A !!! Canada sucks 
fuck . 
these next 7 days are going to SUCK !!!!! 
really needs someone to talk to :/ 
wings game tonight 
i just got done with my 18 hole discgolf sesh and it was cold . And now i have a cough . its kinda gay 
its so nice out today . i think discgolf is a good idea . 
got my new drivers licence today . its 10 o'clock my mail comes at 4:30 . im slightly confused . 
just got done playing Hudson mills . played the 24 shorts and shot 10 over . so not to bad i guess 
i guess not everyone can have there own 18 hole disc golf course in there back yard . ha 
its raining !!!!!!!!!! spring here we come baby 
o brother , where < PROPMALE > thou , is on . i need someone to give me a good back rub 
shitty day . try to throw some discs , way to < PROPFEMALE > sooo i sat around alllll day . 
going scuba diving with queenan tomorrow , After going on a boat with < PROPFIRST > and payton 
hangin out with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . and possible epic brighton trip ? The world may never know . 
made 20 bucks working for grandma curry today ! 
i keep pimpin to get in the bitch panties ! 
Wow ive had about enough of this shit . 
i hit a deer . it was SOOOO COOL !!! 
great fucking day today . discgolf , work , more discgolf . oh and i finally got my fucking house ! 
Work tomorrow at 6 ! hyped 
< PROPFEMALE > fucking believable 
work work work . then hangin out with the girly friend 
work tomorrow at 11 
Going to the Secretary of state tomorrow then getting couch for me and queenans new HOUSE and then scuba diving and then work at 6 . 
off to work 
i fucking hate morning ! 
eat lunch then going to skate < PROPFEMALE > arbor and then work at 6 
does anyone want to buy an ipod nano 8g with camera ? 50 bucks sounds good 
wtf mate ? 
work at 6 . then idk what im doing 
Work at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow 
hey everybody im looking for a roommate . 300 a month plus utilities . its 1600 square feet with 5 beedrooms . < PROPFEMALE > hit me up ASAP 
I am the master of the C.L.I.T ! I AM THE C.L.I.T COMMANDER ! Remember that , commander of all C.L.I.T.S ! When it comes down to business , this is what I do . I pinch it like this . OOH you little fuck . Then I rub my nose with it . hahahahhaa 
got fucked at work today . was going to work a 6 hour shit and only worked 2 . Get your shit together bennigans . 
blah blah blah blah 
17 days till i get my house !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i found a teck deck under my bed today . haha 
hey everybody im selling my Nike Sb's i have 4 pairs i can sell so hit me up if you're interested i'll sell them for cheep ! hit me up . 
why is everybody today like waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa :,[ i dont want to read your life story 
work at 8 going to skate till then . call me . 
HP sesh till work . 
new picture 
way to be a bitch 
getting a new rib tattoo tomorrow . < PROPFEMALE > HYPED ! 
started work at my new job today . come out and see me . 
Ahhhhilovemyself (: 
got the new house if you want to come over tonight hit me 1810-599-2164 . 
its hot as balls out . im going to go skate . 
Who wants to hangout tomorrow ? 
ditched twice in two days . THANK YOU ! 
new phone . 15172929016 text me i need < PROPFIRST > 
payton and < PROPFIRST > are coming over woo !! 
im so over sanding !! 
anyone that has a rebal flag should die . 
i have the day off today ! text me if you wanna hangout . 517-292-9016 
painting my house all day today then i get to go to work at 7 . Funnnn 
jessies eting subwY in my eAR 
made a sick fucking fire pit today , it took me 4 hours . but guess what i have to move it because my grandpa dosent want to work around it , FUCKING GREAT . and i smashed my finger 
my bonfires not cool enough for you ?!! I might cry 
bonfire at my house tomorrow . Text me for info 1517-292-9016 
nevermind bonfires a nooo go 
god why do people stess them selfs over the little stuff in life ? 
cillin at the fire you can join if you like . 5172929016 
Me and < PROPMALE > played fire fighter yesterday . it was kinda scary haha 
dear < PROPFIRST > and payton come over tonight !! 
sellingg raspberrys . Then bonfire . 
had a great day , till i got the news that i always feared was coming . 
It always amazes how people go back to there old ways when they now it didnt fucking work the first time . 
on a hour break from work . Its raining like and i park in the very back of the parking lot . Looks like im getting wet . Haha 
crazy night . But good too 
Shitty day so far . maybe some GTA will make it better . text . 5172929016 
PAINT !!! 
at < PROPFEMALE > arbor hospital with my mom :( 
karas is over !! 
party tonight ! 
finally getting my sleeve done !! so hyped !!!!!!! 
i dont know what to do today . 
I FUCKING LOVE BUSCH !!! hahahahaha ! 
so fucking pissed right now ! I wanna fight someone 
shitty day . I love it cause it started to get good and then my < PROPFIRST > takes a huge shit right on my chest !!! FUCK THIS ! 
FUCK !!!!!!!! 
i feel like straight up death . my phone is broken and i have to work at 2 
chillin at bennigans till < PROPMALE > gets of work then < PROPMALE > park 
Me and < PROPMALE > just got done working on our party barn . It looks fucking sweet ! Caant wait ttill thursday !!!!!! 
I was just sitting at my camp fire and ik herd a screeching noise so me < PROPMALE > and dhAmmell looked at the road and there was this suv all over the road and they took out my mail box wtf hahaha 
Shower the 45 < PROPFEMALE > drive work till 8 then ........ DANCE OF !! not really though it would be fun ! 
I totally just got a job working for chacha !!! 
So i was standing out side uptown coffee house today , and i herd to like 11 year olds talking about having sex with people . Like what the hell is wrong with this world ? 
a great day ! NOT !! thanks to < PROPMALE > im fucking sick and i cant even eat anything ! fuck off 
i think i need more tattoos . 
i want a 3d tattoo 
is it bad that the more tattoos i get the more i want ? haha 
save the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'S ? i think yes . 
so the sound system i want in my < PROPFIRST > is going to cost me almost 900 bucks haha 
am i th only one that thinks the old navy commercials are weird ? 
my arm has been twitching all day !! why ? 
i hate my life right now !!!!!!!!!!!! i just need to go skate 
anyone wanna buy a 40 inch magnavox HDTV ? i was thinking $350 . or Best offer . 
does anyone have a drum set that they would trade for a tv ? 
i <3 V-8 fruit juice 
Just fond my fav young jezzy album ever ! the inspiration baby !!! 
ho new selling a car could be so hard 
WHAT IS THERE TO DO TONIGHT ? 
its finally snowing !!!!!! good start to the day if you ask me 
Almost died atlest a half a dozen times while driving to work today . Granted its like a 15 < PROPFEMALE > drive but thats beside the point . i almost died people ! haha 
got my job back at outback today ! and now the fun begins . 
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis(oh it a real word ) 
ok so i need something to do tonight ! hit me up . 517-292-9016 
i declare Sunday as new trick day . 
full lunar eclipse tonight ! the < PROPFEMALE > is supposed to turn red !!! trippy 
you know what sucks is Christmas is nothing in my family becasue we alwasy do everything befor and now im stuck with nothing to do all day ! 
idk if anyone else did this or saw the 7 fire trucks flying down oak grove but me being me i had to follow them and it was so worth it . 
Well worth it ha 
i have a very good feeling it going to be a fairly epic night 
I love how i try to do somthing really nice for someone i really care about it all blows up in my face ! Last time i ever tell anyone anything . 
Last day of 2010 . And i just g+ot of work soooo i get to go to sleep and wake up and go back to work till about the same time happy new year haha 
have tomorrow off gotta wake up at 8 to through wood in the basement !! you have no idea . 
ok so i pretty much feel like i should take 2011 with heist and get everything ive always wanted 
Mills : i think we should be spy's . \ 
Queenan : YES ! we would make great spys . \ 
Mills : Because we are both stealthy ! \ 
Queenan : And very tall and hansom !!! \ 
Mills : Do you know the first rule of spying ? \ 
Queenan : ......... tall and hansom ? \ 
Mills : we would suck as spy's\ 
Queenan : yeah pretty much . \ 
\ 
that just went down hahaha 
i just answered my house phone like this ( Thank you for calling outback steakhouse in Brighton thins is < PROPFIRST > how can i help you ?. ) im turning into my mother hahahaha 
You know you have a great job when you can go to work very angry and leeave in a great mood . 
Getting a new rib tattoo today . Then work at 5 ! Haha 
Relationships should never be taken seriously . OH WERE DATING ! cool i don't give a fuck . All that ever happens is they slowly start to weezil there way in to everything you do . And the next thing you know your pussy whipped . just listen to your homie for once lift up your skirt grab your balls and move on ! Be a real nigga\ 
we made a pack . BROS BEFORE HOES NIGGA ! \ 
Love nigga Mills 
Work tonight at 7 . it is a Monday but knowing outback we will prob be on like a 1 hr wait all night . but tomorrow off , and then Wednesday moving back into my house !!!!! party ? maybe ., hahaha 
I love having my own house 
hey i dont work today ! ( lame ) . i have this huge house to myself ( even more lame ) anyone wanna chill ? 517-292-9016 text me or call me ! do something im going crazy here people 
