I can't stop this road I'm on , I guess I just have to keep going until the road runs out . Then pick up the pieces . 

I'm not all sweet sugar and < PROPFEMALE > people make me out to be , I will surprise you . I will never be the \easy\ " girl you want me to be . " 
Everyone's a version of themselves depending on their surrounding company . So let me be the first to ask , who ARE you ? 
Missing something :( 
Still getting hell for not being what they want . 
It's been exactly four months . ; > 
Had the best time at Zombie Prom ! Can't wait to do it again with my girls . 
I never could decide whether I was a Purple Parrot or a Silver Snake ... 
It's never too early to drink a beer . ; > 
Isn't it time to run away ??? 
I'm in for an experience tonight . Something tells me this could be epic . ; > 
Getting ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s party . { Wondering where all those Badfish are ... } >,< 
I'm in recovery mode . Tired , not feeling good , just waiting for him to come make it all better . 
You can't put all your faith into forever , just follow your heart and trust in yourself . 
Had terrible dreams ... Marriage and debauchery , and so much else . Glad I'm awake now . 
Tomorrow I'm 19 , things should feel better . 
To everyone who gave me a fantastic 19th : Thank you , it was definitely one of my best ! ; > 
For some reason , I'm on edge like a MOTHER ! 
I feel rather wrong right now . Like I'm being screamed at from all angles . I can't stand it . I can't bring myself to do all those little things I need to . What's wrong with me ?? 
I'm so excited to get away a little this Spring Break . Lately , I haven't been myself . 
I can't stop this feeling or these trains of thought . I need to pull myself out of this . 
You : Are jealous because , I : Am going to the river . 
I hate what I am going through . I loathe remembering . I despise what you have done . 
Can't seem to get rid of thia feeling , can't seem to be myself again . I don't know what to do when there is no one to reach out to who is going to really be the one to help . 
They blazed a trail I dared to run . But I need another , and I can feel this soul is bleeding . 
I want to remember to remember to forget that you forgot me . 
... what a rush , a reminisce , cold crush . 
You see inside , you see love , you see one in a million . << That's the sweetest thing anyone has ever told me , thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
I don't know why there are people who pretend to be in your life for you , but really it's only whenever they want to be . 
Just want to hear that special something ... 
I need some change . I need a little variation in my life . Excite me ? 
Same old symptoms , does this make me addicted ? 
Not sure what my state of mind is anymore ... 
Lucky I can take care of myself , can't always depend on everyone else . 
If I could coddle the infection , they could amputate at once . 
This amount of frustration is what causes problems . 
You'll never guess the proposition I got today ... really makes me think . o.O 
Deep in quicksand , dive in the shallow end , break my neck , now I'm never getting up again . 
It'll be a miracle if I survive without the scars of destruction . 
My mind seems a lot calmer today , I hope this is a new phase . 
This is a rather destructive new < PROPFEMALE > . 
This is an < PROPFEMALE > for me . I will be selfish in my descovery of self . The time is mine to live . Finally . 
Got a secret , can you keep it , swear this one you'll save ? Better lock it in your pocket , taking this one to the grave . 
These thoughts have me in a stupor , can't believe these thoughts could be my own . But you know , this is me and I'm facing that and realizing that maybe change is necessary . I have some truths to spill in time , are you ready ? ... Am I ?? 
Flick on , Flick off my switch . I don't expect to feel regret for this . 
Feeling anti-social as of now , we shall see ... 
I'm pretty sure I hit a wall . A big , brick fucking wall . 
Shivering and shaking , feeling all around terrible . I feel unsatisfied . 
Not only am I sick , my dog is missing . Not only is my dog missing , I am falling down down down an emotional hell hole . I hate that he doesn't seem to care , I hate that no one seems to care . I hate that I just made myself sicker by going out in the rain to look for my dog . I hate that I will never forgive myself if he doesn't come back , or if he isn't found . I hate hating , but I am emotionally out of control . 
I have to find a way to make it to the < PROPFIRST > Reggae fest , any ideas ? 
My mommy passed away unexpectedly this morning ... This is what it means to be truly heartbroken . 
I'm going to run so far that no one will find me . I'm going to run so far that I'm going to find her . I'm going to run . 
Thank you to everyone who has been there for me through this . It does make a difference . 
Someone needs to let me rant at them . Someone needs to here my ramblings . Someone needs to hold me back because I am so close from going over . 
My family is falling apart and everyone has their opinions of me . Want to see them come true ? 
I want you to know that there is so much you don't know . And every day that passes with me withholding myself , I ache a little more . But truth's can't be spilt because I have to be the glue that holds things together . 
When life is hard you have to change . 
Wherever the fuck I want ... 
I've come to the realization that I am no longer grieving or coping . I have turned it all off to be the strong one . So ... where does that leave me I wonder ... 
Gonna throw down tonight , time to put em up ! 
There is this knot of doom growing by the second in my gut . I am going to the beach with my family in honor of my mommy , I hope this goes away and I find some peace . I can't handle people pushing me right now , I'm exploding already . 
I was actually able to be happy for a few hours , until people brought my world crashing down even harder than before . Worst part is , I let them . This is the longest anxiety attack I have ever experienced . I'm really actually very scared . 
Three hours of sleep in two days and all I can ask myself is , \How's your heart lately ? \"" 
How much more will it have to hurt before I find my peace ? 
What if I'm just one of those stars that burn out too fast ? 
I'm torn between people telling me I have to graduate , and people telling me that I can't . Well , let me show you assholes what I can do . And then let's see if you can catch me once I run away from this life . 
This feeling in my stomach must be unfufilment , unhappiness , and general frustration . 
Everytime I think I can breathe again and that I'm not about to lose my mind , something sends me right back to that place . I want to shed this life like an old skin , find a whole new way . 
I've been blank lately , absolutely blank . 
If you can destroy me faster than I can destroy myself , I invite you to try . I'll even award a prize . 
And I'm breaking down and I want to share my secrets and you couldn't care at all . Keep shutting me out , I will tolerate it for only so long . 
My mother , my mother , she held me when I was out there ... 
Through every < PROPMALE > above the trees , within my stomach scraped off my knees , I drink the < PROPFEMALE > inside this hive , you are the reason I stay alive . 
Now watch what you say because they'll be calling you a radical , liberal . Oh fanatical , criminal . Oh , won't you sign up your name ? We'd like to feel you're respectable , oh presentable , a vegetable . 
I'm on this non stop roll ( decent ? ) into ... Insanity ? 
No rest for the wicked . 
Shaking , mistaking , forsaken , it's killing me . Wishing I could change , but I've always been this way . If you leave now , will I drown ? 
I want to know why there always has to be this disconnect between me and the world . 
Can I get better on my own or will I just get worse ? I've survived by myself before , but do I have it in me to do it again ? 
There's something coming , you can feel it in the ground . It's rising like a stain in our unsespecting minds . 
Alright , well it seems I'm always going to be playing someone's game . Push me . Push me . Push me . 
Nothing is sacred anymore . Nothing is special . Worth is non existent when you are talking about me . 
I can hear you in a whisper , but you can't even hear me screaming . 
I wanna run away from this awful place in my mind , I don't wanna do no more time . I'm burning up , from this fire in my soul , I'm burning up ... 
Every day feels like the last , and nothing changes in the way this feels . 
Finding myself in another breakdown . Knees to the floor and a whole lot of heartbreak . 
I am not here . I'm not listening . I am in my head and I'm spinning . 
I feel like I am losing touch with people . Call me , text , miss you all ... 
There is a feeling of insanity and a feeling like okay . In between the feelings , thoughts , mental breaks , and stints of numb blankness , there is the lonely and dull ache . There is constant confusion . It gets worse before it gets better and Im scared to see what my worse is . I can embrace this decent with open arms but sometimes I want to fight it like all hell . 
I'm a graduate now ! Walked across the stage , things are starting to look up some . 
I have a job interview in an hour , wish me luck ! ... But it's for a sirver position , I don't know if I want to waitress . Oh well , I'll see how everything goes . Good choices , right ?? 
It's hard trying to stay positive ; who knew motivation was such work ?! 
Sometimes I feel so out of place in my own life . I'm tired of being pacified and reassured only to be left alone again to the horrrors that can be my mind . 
Time to go preach to the choir . 
I don't think I got the job . :( 
Fuck ' em . 
I didn't know it could feel like this . I didn't know , but everyone warned me . yes they did . 
I'm nice and sunkissed now . ; > 
My heart is desperately trying to escape my chest . 
We're like Sugar Gliders !!! 
Last night was one of the best , craziest nights ever !!! Tonight will be good too . ; > 
I think maybe it all is worthwhile .. By the way , < PROPFEMALE > Streep is amazing , I think I could idolize her . ; ) 
I'll pay when tomorrow comes today . 
Start by starting . 
To forget ourselve - and pretend all is well . There is no hell . 
It ain't ever going to feel this good < PROPFEMALE > . ; > 
I am finding you are like protection ; when did you become my safety ? 
Here I am depression ; I'm dancing through your gardens of heaven and hell . 
It won't be long now ... Everyhing is so close to changing . I am so close to the edge . A new war has begun . New lines are being drawn . And I still don't know which way to go . 
A new leaf ? Or just an aultered one ? 
I am a strong , independent woman . I need to learn to love myself alone and not depend on the love of others . 
Apparently , I am not being sensible . 
I am in a state of Hedonism . I have found that a sort of hysterical calmness has come over me . Oh , and he left me today . 
I just declared my new singularity . It doesn't feel real though , and I don't know what I feel about it . 
I never knew it could hurt like this ... I never thought you'd break my heart . 
I am not ready to consider my options , I want to stay in this place for a while . I don't want to have to do anything but be . 
When you hate it , you know you can feel . 
I just can't stop crossing lines , can I ? I won't stop , will I ? 
And by the way , by the way , don't say I didn't warn you that I'd always stay the same . 
I'm trembling from the inside out . This can't be good . 
There is nothing like a kindred spirit to make me smile and appreciate life , if only for a little while . ;) 
When the Devil wants to dance with you , you better say never . Because when you dance with the Devil , the dance may last forever . 
Try and shrug it off , shrug it off , shrug it off . Well , it's only skin . Now you need to understand there is nothing fake about this . Do I need to let you in ? 
As to why most of you have been neglected : I have had a split from reality , gone through a period of psychosis , broken most of my rules , and now I am looking at all the little broken pieces of myself strewn everywhere . Once I figure out how to put myself back together , and how to leave the house , I will be back to the < PROPMALE > you all know . My mom's memorial service is this Saturday , for anyone interested . 
The Monster is clawing at my door , it wants in . And I want to let it in , relent . I can't open that door again . Not too far . Wait , not at all ? 
I know that I'll have regrets , but that's the price of one more lesson learned . 
Someone just opened my eyes : I've been running my whole life , but I don't know from what . 
Sunday Night : Terrible Fuckin ' Idea . 
Aries are an entirely diffferent entity of beings designed to expressly fuck up my world . 
You can call this , the begining of the loss of control . 
Road Trippin with my two favorite allies ! The beach calls the fish and the fungus is among us to boot ! 
I'll tumble for ya ... 
My skies are falling .. 
I'm not claiming I have no blame in this love of a mess , but I am claiming that you have more . 
Once I had the one , the love that I thought would never be . Now it all falls apart one by one . I watch my walls crumble , I see my city fall , I feel it all . Where is there to go now ? 
Long story short : I broke my phone and now have a new one . BUT when I broke it I broke it beyond redemption so my contacts could not be recovered . So please send me your cell digits , etc . 
I hate when you realize that you have forged a connection with something fleeting . 
I mean it , I really did lose all of my < PROPFIRST > , please send them to me . Lol . 
If you talk to much my head will explode . 
So when things go wrong cheat , lie , and make a fellow human being feel like shit . That's what every one else is doing ... 
Evry date night ends up ... not being our date night . We shall see . 
It's all Rock N ' Roll until bridges begin to burn . 
Pull me ... Pull me on out of this tree , I'm stuck up a branch waiting . Clearly caught between two things unclear , to me ... 
I can say the most epic things . Damn , people need to listen to me more often ! I will enlighten you . Lol ... { But really . } 
Disgusted , sick to my stomach , and my skin is crawling . Lucky I don't know where I stand in the eye for an eye debacle . 
Aren't you high enough ? 
Waking up is knowing who you really are . I've been sleeping so long now ... 
And it all came tumbling after ... 
' Cause you make me feel like a dog , you can see my emotion . Is this for real ? I'm a girl sinking deep in the ocean . 
Maybe I am making some more big mistakes ... 
It's that magic combination that let's me breath again . It's my own 11:11 when my sight goes red . It's my little haven when you don't answer . It's my salvation from it all . 
It\ 
comes crashing down before you can even tell anything is wrong . And\ 
when your heart is surprised like that , well does it ever fully recover ? 
My heart is breaking and no one is to blame but me . 
I can love ferociously , be wounded easily , and be wrong when I am not . I can be right when I am wrong , I can be misguided , I am human . But I love . I love even when my love isn't recognized for what it is . 
Dealing with constant on and off migraines and a sickening feeling in my gut . Life . Is this it ? 
With each day that passes by I pray to God that I will never forget who you were to me , and what you meant . I love you , and loved you even when I thought I didn't . I feel your spirit inside of me and I know you watch over me . I will see you in another place , some day . I'm not going to let you down Mommy . 
I to want take my head and cut it open extra wide . Want to examine all the thoughts that seem to cricle inside . Electrocute my thoughts or put my self on stand by . I'm so over , I'm so over ... 
He loves the muted version of me , not me as I am . 
When you almost hit bottom you never forget the feeling . You never forget the sour taste in your mouth and the dead look in your eyes . You change , everything alters , and bits and pieces remain even as you claw your way back . And when people look close enough , sometimes they can see it too . 
Hey you , Miss . Blue ... Getting those feelings again . Man I need a little escape . Need to run away just a little , maybe just for a day . Just need the things I used to have . Miss the people . 
I have things to say , and people are beginning to listen ... Maybe they were all along . 
More and more my friends build me up . You've given me what I need to find my voice . 
Here all your walls surround me , they're closin ' in , they blocked my sight . The violence around me found me when I could not fight . { You push from the inside ... YOu push from the inside out ... } 
I crave catharsis and I have been nailed to the cross long enough . I don't owe anything anymore . I set myself free . 
Inhale . Deeply . Hold . Exhale . Repeat . 
This has been a trying week . Trying , but not so bad . Progress ? I am thinking so ! ; > 
I feel so disconnected from what I am connected to . 
I am facing myself with honesty , and I will eventually face it all head on . I have truths to speak . And you will listen . Do you know your own truths ? 
I'm sorry I didn't make it out tonight , a lot of bullshit was going down . I am okay , no worries . Just stressed and have a lot on my mind . I am really sorry I missed your birthday Nessa , I promise to make it up to you . Everyone else who was there , I'm sorry too . 
Where is your will to be weird ? 
Sometimes all I really want to feel is love . Sometimes I'm angry that I feel so angry . Sometimes my feeelings get in the way of what I really feel I needed to say . 
She wasn't happy . She isn't happy . She doesn't know how to be happy anymore . 
Let the children lose it . Let the children use it . Let all the children buggie . 
Who needs reality when I can paint the finest of delusions ! 
I'm gunna take up disc golf , presenting < PROPFEMALE > and I as : TeE-bIrD and tHe BaNsHeE ! 
I don't want to grow up , bring me all the toys you can find . You don't want to grow up , you can be my partner in crime . 
I'm swinging like a Whistler Monkey from my broken chandalier , nibbling on glass so you all can K*SS MY ACKABAKAMYSODAKRACKAMYGTOMYBOOTYHOLE !!!!!!!!! 
Having my quality time with my < PROPFEMALE > Cat . We can talk for hours and never get close to finishing , I never run out of things to say to her . I continue to bear my soul and everything I am to her . This is feeling at peace . 
I am bored by the chore of saving face and if it is your disgrace I must now embrace then so be it ! 
I just can't focus on anything ... 
How very special are we ? For just a moment to be part of life’s eternal rhyme . How very special are we ? To have on our family tree Mother Earth and Father Time . 
Well , I got through my Mommy's funeral in one piece somehow . Thank you all who were there in rememberance of my Mommy and also for my support . I love you all . 
My feelings are playing hide and seek . I'm questioning whether or not this is healing ... 
The steady change of the clock keeps my mind locked as the chains of thought keep me here . 
I came as call\ 
\ 
I came as flat\ 
I came too soon so I came back\ 
I came as flowers\ 
I came as nice\ 
I came as dirt and I came as it's price\ 
It takes a long time but God dies too\ 
But not before he'll stick it to you\ 
I don't know but I been told you never die and you never grow old 
It's just that lately I like blanking out , I'm falling into all of the things we aren't allowed to say . So baby girl just shake it off , there is still so much time to play . 
You can't change where you've been , I need to learn to own up to it and embrace it . I think I am getting there , a little regression , but I'll be there one day . 
So as you push of from the shore\ 
Won´t you turn your head once more\ 
And make your peace with ev´ryone\ 
For those who choose to stay\ 
Will live just one more day\ 
To do the things they should have done\ 
And as you cross the wilderness\ 
A'spinning in your emptiness you feel you have to pray\ 
Looking for a sign that the universal mind\ 
Has written you into the passion play 
Had the best Halloween night at the Bonham yesterday with my people . ; > Thanks and love to all . 
Reading The Lost Symbol by < PROPFIRST > Brown and trying to forget to think . 
I'll always remember you like a child , girl . 
Runnin ' in the shadows , chasing that element that seals my chain . 
You are on my mind so steadily , as those particular phonics touch and caress my memory . 
I feel so clear today . The pieces to my recovery are seeming to fall into place without provocation and I am seeming to fall into place with them . One step forward from here on out , backtracking no longer holds that special appeal . 
She's just that forever love that can't leave , and neither can I . 
I feel like I was laid out and splayed open . I feel oh so responsible because I promised to never let you down . 
Happy Birthday Archer ! 
I am so completely sore from last night , I feel like I need a week to recuperate . But at the same time the night was totally worth it . Couldn't pass up giving Archer's cynical ass a good birthday . 
Happy Birthday to my Sissy ! Going to give her a good night ! ; > 
I really want to say ... I think I've had enough .. 
Scars will heal soon ; the dregs in us spent the earth down . 
Sad eyes like sharpened daggers , you'll never walk only stagger . Sad eyes , quite cryptic . Bye . 
By now I should have somehow realized what I'm not to do . But maybe I was going to be the one to save you , and I was supposed to . But even though you once called me your Wonderwall , I didn't listen . Now who's paying the price ? 
If I could turn the < PROPFEMALE > in time than I'd rearrange just a day or two . Close my eyes . Close my eyes . Close my eyes . 
In your words , oh , truths that hurt . \ 
Barge your way back to heavens door . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of my near and dear loved ones . I have just finished filling the stockings , and I can't wait to see smiles ! >.< I love you all . 
Still recovering from the Holidays , not to mention the previous few days of trying to recover from them . Tired . Unfulfilled . Unhappy . 
Just when I think , I've got you in safe keeping\ 
That’s when your memory , it comes round creepin'\ 
Well it's an ache I can't shake\ 
It's creeped down deep down to my core\ 
But babe I can't fake it , I can't take this heartbreak\ 
Anymore . 
Just what I saw in my old dreams were the reflections of my warped mind staring back at me ... 
How do I feel for thee ? Your smile brings disease . ' Cause we're young , fell in from the stars ... 
I've been giving all I've got . I've been putting up a fight . I've been giving everything , but I ain't got you . 
I live . As me . I die . 
Help ! I'm alive . And my heart keeps beeting like a hammer ... 
Being strong . 
I'm gunna be gone with the wind once this all hits an end ... 
And just like that .. she was gone .. 
If I consider all of these days lost , then what days do I have ? This , whatever it is , means something . 
I'm content . ; > Thank you < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > ; I love you . You crazy f***s save my life . 
I'm stressed out , and this is a fucking life trial for sure , but I'm alive . I am alive and thankful and I have hope . 
It's been forever sense I updated this .. I miss you all ! And thank you for everyone who has been there for me in one way on another , I really do genuinely appreciate all of you . 
I've shot away my gun shot hopes ... 
People that are over the bounds of sanity have it easier in the sense that they don't have to make a choice . Making choices haunts me and the tolls they bring are a personal debt . 
They say be afraid , she's not like the others , futuristic or other . Different DNA , they don't understand you . She's from a whole other world , a different dimension . She'll open your eyes , be ready to go , she'll lead you into the light . 
