happy to be off work . been a long day . Jyvonne goes back to work already friday . 

still moving shit to the storage unit . no rest for the wicked i guess . 
talking for the the last three hours about god and religion . been tiring . just trying to figure out the meaning of life and renew my hope for tomorrow . I worry about the world my boy will grow up in . 
Really won't go to sleep . guess i'm not sleeping tonight . no point only getting little over three hours . 
been playing with Reilly for an hour and a half . been great . smiling a lot . 
another night with barely any sleep . at work now and i'm just dragging . 
Decided i'm going to teach my son early on that the world is not fair or pure as I was led to believe growing up . Hope for the best and expect the worse . Justice , equity , reprieve from suffering for yourself and others are only wrought by your own hands . 
slept in a little too long but hell I should enjoy this 4 day weekend . spending the morning with 2Reilly then I got some cleaning to do . 
just got done moving the charger to the storage unit . gonna miss it but maybe i'll get it running here soon . :-) 
only a three day workweek but it feels so long . gonna be a long weekend with more moving . 
busy day but not much got done . that sucks . wish I had more time to get shit done . 
this lightning is awesome . 
Reilly just rolled over ! :-D 
rough day at work . in a horrible amount of pain . don't know how much longer I can go with little rest . end is in sight though hopefully . 
Really tired . spent all day cleaning and gotta get up early tomorrow for more . 
last night of cleaning and moving then we're all moved out . 
Really tired still . gotta fix the apartment still . shouldn't cost too much . no where near the $ 1,500 - $800 that was said . the cost kept changing that he was telling me . 
just got done watching the punisher with my sister-in-law . one of my favorite movies . must have seen it 30 times . 
is getting pretty fucking drunk . :-) 
been married for 4 years today ! :-) 
my night with Jyvonne is finally beginning . happy anniversary < PROPFEMALE > . :-) 
been a long weekend . still sorting out our rental issue with the landlord . Reilly is s\ 
teething already . 
anybody know of any job openings ? 
been an ok day . just a short day tomorrow left and a 3 day weekend . sweet . professional pictures of Reilly to be done next week . :-) 
having fun at a pool party . Reilly is very tired though . 
was a good weekend . actually had some time to relax . :-) 
I Really need to find a new job 
i'm supposed to get my windshield replaced today ... if it would stop raining . 
finally got my windshield fixed . :-) 
uncle barder and aunt jelly got to see reilly today . we all had fun . 
