I just created ' I remember ' , well found existing census created , profiles of my paternal grandparents . So , I'm thinking about them right now . 

< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau is on my mind . I am reading Civil Disobedience and then I'm going to read Walden :) 
It has been forever since I could get online . Great to be connected to the world again , lol . 
Holy screaming baby BATMAN !!!!! Nephew + his mother + nose sucking thingy = burst eardrum for aunt < PROPFIRST > . 
“I think computer viruses should count as life . I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive . We've created life in our own image . ”\ 
\ 
~ Stephan W Hawking 
BLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH ..... okay ? Good . 
Well , the fact that my phone is disconnected is really upsetting me . 
Woooo , nevermind ! My phone is back on ! That was fast , lol . 
I graduated high school today ... 
As far as I'm concerned ... * blink , blink * salesmen are the loudest phone conversators in existence . 
Cheeseburgers ? 
A < PROPFEMALE > is blooming somewhere , sweetening the air with its perfume . There are children laughing through carefree days , and leaving dandelions on the table for their mother . There are lovers holding each other and caressing their sorrows away into tender smiles . But , today these things aren't near me . Today I'm wondering where tomorrow will lead me and hoping that such beauty awaits me on that shore of day . 
I've decided that working on a ranch is just about the only job that I could handle staying at . There's really not anything about it that I would hate or even dislike that much compared to other jobs . 
Well- I began reading Moby < PROPMALE > , and I already think it's an awesome book , so I keep reading long after my eyeballs have fatigued ... I need more cigarettes ... I ate too many chips ... I'm drinking a soda , which is very cold because I left it in the freezer ... and there's something in my slipper that I can't get out . The silver lining is that- I can roller blade in my own room to placate my sheer and utter boredom . 
Today is- hard ... I can't quite express the depth of this day and all that it means . I just know that every time I get another year older- I feel a sense of the injustice of life- and death . 
Roar ! Iz a puma- so quick , so smooth . lol- don't ask :) 
I need ... to fall in love- with someone else . 
My phone is demolished surrounding a series of unfortunate events . Long story short- if it weren't for certain people , I would have no reason to put up with myself anymore . 
A new note ... 
Some random dudes just asked me to < PROPFEMALE > out while I was out riding my bike around- I think they thought I was a kid --- very creepy indeed . 
Morning run was pretty good considering it was the first in a long time . I got around two blocks and I only stopped once to die of exasperation , lol . 
Farmville is pissing me off ! I want a real farm- not this stupid game ! I want to go home . 
I love me some rum&coke ... 
Jango ! 
Look people , like a bunch of you asked me to join farmville- so I buckled down and did it , even though I really don't do the app thing- and now no one else ever gets on . Wtf ? 
Can't sleep right . Can't think right . Can't feel right . Can't eat right . Can't DO anything right ... wtf ? 
Why does every dream start with money ; is it really such a great world ? Masters don't pop up 2 give free lessons , there's no Excalibur 2 be pulled from any stone , even apprenticeships cost something . When the life you barely lived just keeps taking you into debt , then where do you go ? There's like this scale and once you're on the downside- momentum takes over . It's an uphill battle- with a heavy burden . 
I feel like shit . Tell me why I'm repeating this tonight ; oh , yeah , because I love < PROPFEMALE > just that much- that's why . Dammit , lol . Sucks that she's leaving , but it's good for her . 
Wow , I am partied out ... two bar parties and a kids b-day ... I'm good and whooped . Also , my cat is attacking my shoe ... on my foot . 
Wow , wasn't what I really hoped for this morning- but a cause is a good enough to willingly shed a tear for . 
Wow , I'm actually tired ... and it's not 5am in the morning ; awesome . 
* She says forget what you have to do ; pretend there's nothing outside this room . And , like an idea she came to me , but maybe too late -- or maybe too soon . * Yay ! I got some Ani cds !!!! That's the cover song to my love of Ani's music , lol ... cause I just really love it . 
Well , 4:52 am ... and I'm awake ... I conked out too early last night . 
So ... my mother deleted all of the music that I had on her laptop , and now my phone is unable to play said music via brokenness ... so there went a whole hell of a lot of songs that I pulled out my memory like teeth out of live tiger's mouth ! Just thinking about redoing it all , it gives me an ill feeling , lol . 
Awww , I smoooshed a spaghetti-O on my desk ... really ... really ? Lol 
Rue McClanahan- better known as < PROPFEMALE > Devereaux from < PROPFEMALE > Girls has passed away ... maybe it's totally dorky to watch that show at my age , but I do not give a damn- it was charming and I loved it and I am sad that she is gone . I hope that she is up there with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > having some cheese-cake right now , lol ... she'll be missed by a lot of people , though . 
If anyone is irked that I send so many causes invites , you can tell me you'd prefer I didn't- and I won't . Not trying to annoy ya , I just want a lot of people to join causes . Knowing and caring is the least that can be done for the world , I think . That way , when you're capable of doing something , it's on your mind- and each little deed that gets done by each person is enough to make a pretty damn big deed . Thanks . 
My fortune cookie says : if you want the rainbow- you must put up with the rain ... and , I say , \I'm well aware . \ " \ 
So- first off , f*ck BP ! Second , f*ck the bureaucracy keeping people from getting their jobs done/helping wildlife . Third , just f*cking FIX IT already ! You don't stand around while someone is bleeding from the femoral artery arguing the laws , bylaws , and spending costs of operating : why would you stand around letting poison plume into the gulf and not put forth immediate and decisive action at any cost ? 
Fortune Cookie : There is no limit to love's forbearance , to its trust , its hope , its power to endure . 
I'm plastering on a smile and it's killing me a little bit inside , but that's the price of life . If you don't smile on then people drift away , and you're even more screwed than you were from thing that made you stop smiling . Life , I've learned , requires a level of insanity- if you can't shut your eyes to the reality . You just have to bite the great big bullet that life is , and let it shred its way through you . 
I circumnavigated four blocks jogging this morning without stopping even once ! I didn't even do the speed walk thing though it's very tempting to do ... which is odd because it's kind of beside the point to cheat - when you're both benefactor and beneficiary . Soon , I will be full on running again --- chyah dude ! 
How bout -- I quit smoking when you agree to plug the holes you put in the earth , reduce emissions to zero , and stop letting companies torture livestock . Till then , I think you know where you can put your hypocrisy . Right up your three-times-as-cancerous-as-tobacco-smoke tailpipe . It's only my body I'm hurting , and I don't blow it anyone else's face -- can you say the same ? 
Back from MO .... 
You see me , you say , but you cannot see inside . For a moment you think something of me , but then you forget it and I become nothing . \ 
I am no one again- each time I become no one to some one . I am some of everyone , therefore there's more to hate than to love in me for each . No matter the ways that I'm the same ; I'm yet too different . 
As long as I surround myself with things- then there's always the hope that I will achieve the dreams which they represent , I say . They're yet reminders , also , of what I am not , never was , or no longer am . This place is like a box of stuff that I carried from parts of life that I've lived ... now- it's all useless- but cherished- and their held memories cried over on still nights . 
Sleep is an illusive little sucker idn'it ... We're talking- stinging eyeballs , bloated gut , can't talk straight or walk forward , INSOMNIA- here ; this is getting out of hand . ( Do you have any idea how many typos I just had to correct ? ) 
Once again , I find the impersonal nature that \conversation\ " is taking on of late to be very perturbing . Are we all robotic or just D.O.T. employees ... let me know what's up . They're called human reactions ... if you're afflicted then don't be upset when other people are also . " 
6:35 am ... I am awake ... I just woke up ; I am ... AWAKE DURING THE DAY !!! Boooyah ! 
Now , I am the one that has to live with things that were out of my hands . I just have to accept it and do the best I can . There is no choice but to keep moving ; my born debts may never be payed , but time will not rest- so that I can catch up . I must accept and keep moving . The coldness stings , I feel it , yet there are no choices that shroud me with warmth . 
Let's take a vote : who out there would buzz , to less than a centimeter , their ( light-blond ) son's hair -- without telling the mother ... because that is exactly what < PROPMALE>'s father just did . Then , he flips out on my sister ( Franki , not < PROPMALE > ) when we're not all happy about it . How many people can honestly say that isn't wrong ; tell me ? 
Well , one of these days -- I suppose .... 
Computers ... are highly overrated . Invented to make things easier , yet now that everything is required to be done on them ... things are immensely harder when they are down or when you just don't have one ... 
The mind is like the body , and any good athlete knows that it takes making mistakes in order to become skilled- a lot of mistakes . So , sometimes when something seems like a weakness in your past- it might just be the thing that made you better than those who never fell . 
< PROPFEMALE > is pregnant again !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm getting a new phone --- so everyone give me your number again !! Do it- don't be a slacker !!! 
Sometimes yesterday creeps up on your today and changes what your tomorrow would have been . 
Damn computer ... I can barely do anything online anymore . 
Okay , I'm running on the last whatever I have left ... 
I feel like my heart has been dragged through a flour sifter . Not sure how to put that back together . 
It's like , whenever I vest my heart in anyone or even any thing -- it's just like any other gambler who always bets wrong and always loses . I've got a debt of heart that can't be repaid . I feel -- about as bad as my body can handle . 
The babies have been whisked off to the professionals . I could have probably kept them and they would have been alright , but I do not have the resources or time to be both a raccoon mom and a < PROPFIRST > mom , lol . 
Well , now what ? I still can't stop thinking about things --- I can't change those things , but they won't get out of my mind . 
Every time I start to be the * me * that people like to be around , something happens that breaks my heart and I become this bitter person that doesn't smile for a long time . 
I wake up and the memories are there ; I lie down to sleep and they are there ; I breathe and life seeps into old wounds and the new ones that shape them deeper . It's like there's nothing real about me ; it's like there's nothing real at all ... because reality is so far from anything that I want to see . I am so far from anything that I want to be . 
believes that Caresse sur L'ocean is a phenomenally beautiful song , and that Jean-Baptiste Maunier's voice was given to him by an angel in < PROPFEMALE > chœur du ciel !! 
is ... tired of people who think that I say depressing things just because I'm trying to be dramatic . Come on . Anyone could end up in my shoes ; anyone could be as lost and unable to bring false peace to spoken words ; anyone could land in the place where they have little left to be except sad . How would you want to be treated if you were without the necessary components to speak casually and live lightly ? 
Back from Missouri ; I LOVE YOU GRANDPA , R.I.P. Prayers for my grandma and my mom , and the rest of the family also , would be appreciated . 
If I can stop one heart from breaking , I shall not live in vain ; If I can ease one life the aching , Or cool one pain , Or help one fainting robinUnto his nest again , I shall not live in vain . ~ < PROPFEMALE > Dickinson 
Tell a man a lie and he will defend you any day , try to tell him the truth and he will condemn you as a liar ... 
If love isn't worth hurting for then what is ? 
Sometimes , kneeling stands for something and is not a sign of weakness . 
One selfish moment does not make a man wholly a coward anymore than one selfless moment makes a man wholly a saint , but the consequences of the moment will determine the height of the < PROPFEMALE > or condemnation . 
You must not lose faith in humanity . Humanity is an ocean ; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty , the ocean does not become dirty . ~ Mohandas Gandhi 
Freerice.com--- DO IT !!! 
To enjoy bodily warmth , some small part of you must be cold , for there is no quality in this world that is not what it is merely by contrast . Nothing exists in itself . \ 
~ Herman Melville : Moby < PROPMALE > 
Well , it was just Aunt < PROPFIRST > & the boys today ... terrible twos ... and two of them . Lol , we had lots of chocolaty energetic fun !! 
\It's all very well to read about sorrows and imagine yourself living \ 
Welp ... I spent months away from FB and not much has happened since , lol . Now , my < PROPFEMALE > is overloaded w/ farmville gifts , lol . 
\Happy families are all alike ; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way . \ " \ 
\Children are unpredictable . You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next . \"" 
Talk about ouch ... flu , ear infection , ruptured eardrum , pressure ...... Kill me . And just before Christmas too ! 
Oh , Christmas . 
For everything we know , we are vastly out-measured by our ignorance . 
Well , that's nice ... Show me something new ? 
I don't understand why Christians would burn the Quran and not Mein Kampf or something else in priority of evil intent ? Priorities , if not only mere civility , would just make more sense . 
\I don't have a genre\ " \ 
Just watched the movie \Frozen\ " . Whoa . I thought it was gonna be stupid cause it starts out a really typical \ " bad luck scenario\ " with young people ... kind of movie ... But 
Tomorrow's the big day ... I go build with Habitat for Humanity !! I'm excited :) \ 
We'll see if I can get up that early , lol . 
How bout that homeless guy with the awesome voice ?!!! That rocks . Good for him !! I love it when people get their big break :) 
On break from Habitat for Humanity ... I think I am going to make a habit of doing this ... I've had fun so far . Been putting siding and roofs on sheds . All in all a nice work day :) 
I think I'm going to join AmeriCorps ... and then use that experience to join the PeaceCorps ... that sounds like exactly what I want to do :) .... if I can , no garuntees , lol . 
Another day at HFH , got my thumb crushed nailing siding and I still feel frozen from being outside all day ... but I'm also -- still excited ! Yeah !! lol :) 
Well , I started my application for AmeriCorps , everyone cross your fingers for me !! 
I believe that more people live for the fear of death than for the love of life and that our judgement of courage on either can be sometimes very wrong . Sometimes living isn't bravery and sometimes dying isn't cowardice . Just my opinion . 
\Better a < PROPFEMALE > with a flaw than a pebble without . \ " \ 
Went to Da Vinci exhibit at SCI . Saw re-creations of machines Da Vinci invented and blown up pictures of the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ex-rayed . Plus there was a showing in the dome theater about space exploration and they're getting pretty good at making you dizzy with the image effects in there , lol . I mainly wish that I could've taken pictures of the blown up sketches of human figures by < PROPFIRST > ... those were pretty awesome . 
Had a great day ! Did Habitat for Humanity's MLK day event . Yay Dr. < PROPMALE > !! :) 
What I find the most amazing thing of all is that there's always someone watching when you fall , but when you lift your head to < PROPFEMALE > on- then everyone is gone . 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > \ 
lol ... foxtrot uniform < PROPFIRST > k ... 
\I hope the leaving is joyful ; and I hope never to return . \ " \ 
Just watched < PROPFIRST > Poitier in Lilies of the Field :) \ 
It's such a cute movie ... everyone should watch it . 
The philly cream cheese cookbook rocks !! Everything in there is soooo frickin good !! We are cooking our way through the whole thing !! 
I wish that I were floating on a comfy piece of wood in a cool pond beneath a waterfall and eating tropical fruit .... 
Is it weird that I want to go to the Rock of Ages show ? :) 
Holy shit , the death toll passed ten thousand in Japan !! God , I wish I could do something ... This is terrible . 
In other news .... I really want to learn sign language because there's a wonderful old woman in my Tae Kwon Do class that I would like to speak to ... So , if anyone knows where I can take classes .. that would rock . 
I broke my first board in Tae Kwon Do :) I did Palkup Chigi , which is an elbow strike ... and it was AWESOME !! It sounded like an explosion right next to my head ... an explosion of powah !! lol Splintering , shattering ... beautiful :) 
