I love Sorority Life ! :D 

Sleeping ): 
I'm reaching out for you . 
Got a new phoneeeeee :) Give me your number , foo ! 
Staying at < PROPFIRST>'s tonight , woooo :) 
I'm chill as a cucumber , man . :) 
You make me feel aliveeeeee . 
Chillaxxin :) 
I'm asking him to change his ways , and no message could have been any clearer . 
Finding something to do todayyy :) 
Cool like the other side of the pillow . 
Bored , really bored . More bored than bored can even be . 
Take your time to trust in me , and you will find infinity . 
My birthdayyy isss the 14thhh :) 
Going to the drive-in to see Transformers 2 with Lexi and such :) 
My birthday is tomorrow and it's going to be a big fail , yay ! 
It's my birthdayyyy :/ 
Don't cry to me , if you loved me ; you would be here with me . You want me ? Come find me , make up your mind . 
What a night for a dance , you know I'm a dancing machine . 
is listening to a buttload of < PROPFIRST > Swift , what < PROPFEMALE > know about that ? ;) 
Getting readyyy :) Movies tonight . 
Dreaming about the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been here the whole time . :) 
MY head hurts ): 
I know that we're taking chances , you told me life was a risk . 
Just got home from hanging with < PROPFIRST > . Chillin ' with my siblings for the evening . :) 
Getting ready to go to my dad's so he can fix my car ): 
Sitting with Morgannnn ! :D 
I'm sleepyyyyy , < PROPFIRST>'s later . 
So don't make me , don't make me be myself around you . 
You are the beating in my heart . But that is not enough , will I ever be by your side ? 
And please say to me , you'll let me hold your hand . 
Baby don't worry , you are my only , you won't be lonely even if the sky is falling down . 
doesn't feel good , back hurts , head hurts , overall tonight sucks . 
This is the first day of my life , glad I didn't die before I met you . But now I don't care , I could go anywhere with you and I'd probably be happy . 
You played me to the left , now there's nobody left to hear your complaining I'm gone . 
I don't know what I'm gonna do , but I'm so crazy about you . 
I still believe in the phrases that we breathed , but I know the distance isn't fair to cross . 
I wish I could save you . I wish I could say to you , \I'm not going no where . \"" 
is really tired and glad Penta doesn't have school tomorrow . 
Going to Nika's for the night . :) 
You could be my someone , you could be my scene . 
Waiting ; for you to want me , for you to need me . 
The love I'm sending ain't making it through to your heart . 
I don't hate you boy , I just want to save you while there's still something left to save . 
doingg my laundryy :) 
needs to decide on the college she wants to go toooo :( 
Car is broken D: 
has 18 containers of play-doh , lookin ' at an awesome time :) 
We'll linger on , time can't erase a feeling this strong . 
You are now rockin ' with the best :) 
They'll think I'm insane but you'll all know my name ! 
6 months <3 
As many times as I blink , I'll think of you tonight . 
Can't wait for Christmas :D 
No I never really been in a club , still live with my parents but I'm still a thug . I'm so gangster you can find me baking cookies at night . 
Playing Scene it ! with < PROPFIRST > , hahaha :) 
lalala , the weather outside is weather . 
I'm going to be sooo mad if I don't get exempt from my Anatomy exam . 
Why do so many people have little pokemon guys as their default picture ? O_o 
Got a purple laptop !!! :D Nephews woke up at 1 a.m. Ridiculous ? Oh yes . One hour of sleep . Definitely trying to go back to sleep . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! :) 
I will be the one that's gonna hold you , I will be the one that you run to . My love is a burning , consuming fire . 
Happpy New Year :) workiin ' until 6 a.m. hoollaaaaa ! :P 
I hate how people think two years after they're supposed to do something they can do it now and receive the same outcome . No that's not how it works , sorry . 
Playing Wii bowling with Tay , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > :) 
I love how someone nearly ten years older than you can be so immature , lol . Relaxing , then work at 11 ; because I have a good job and am going to college , got a lot going for my future . What can you say about yours ? JUSTSAYING . 
I can't think of anybody else who I'd hate to miss as much as I hate missing you . 
I wishhh , I had some McDonald's . Mmhmm :) 
I'm < PROPMALE > from where you are , I lay down on the cold ground and I pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms . <3 
Everybody sucks :) 
I need to find something entertaining before I kill myself of boredom . -_- 
I'm < PROPMALE > from where you are , I lay down on the cold ground and I pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms . ? 
Who said that it's better to have loved and lost ? I wish that I had never loved at all . 
Your words in my memory , are like music to me . <3 
loves two-hour delays ; hates not being able to fall back asleep . 
I need to study for a biology test and I don't wanna !!!! ): 
I'm kindaaaa sleeepppy . :) 
The girl who always has a good time . The girl who is always making people laugh , and who is easily loved . The girl who is beatiful on the inside and the outside . The girl has slammin hips . The girl whose dedicated , and has a rockin family . The girl who is the best best friend ever , amazing all around !! 
hanging with Nika mad the snow is keeping us from seeing Dear < PROPFIRST > ! 
Watching Mean Girls , chillin ' at home :) call or text . 
I hear you choking on your words again , the secret's in your throat . And I really wish you'd say what you're thinking . 
NOT watching the Superbowl , instead watching Titanic :) 
No school + 12 hours of sleep = happiness :) 
Wow , Lake is already closed for tomorrow . Looks like I have another eventful day of doing absolutely nothing ahead of me . -sigh . 
Showering , then maybeee playing in the snow with the boys :) text meee . 
Watching the food network , even though everything they make is disgusting ; it at least LOOKS really good . 
Watching Superbad , already on a two hour delay . I don't want to be closed again :( 
Just took a shower , about to do some laundry , chillin ' for the nightt :) 
Somedays aren't yours at all , they come and go , as if they're someone else's days . 
Am I just another scene from a movie that you've seen 100 times ? 
And when you smile at me you know exactly what you do . 
I love Lifetime movies <3 
All this time you were pretending , so much for my happy ending . 
You won't try to save me , you just want to hurt me and leave me desperate . 
-sigh , I'm so boredddd today . 
I'm feelin pretty fine and dandy :) 
You're using your headphones to drown out your mind . 
I'm the one that should mean something , but still you wish that you meant something to somebody else . 
I'm entirely sick of being sick :( My throat hurts < PROPFEMALE > bad . 
Yay for school being clossedd :) 
Sleeping in allll weeekk , how beautiful :) 
My virus database has been updated .. :) 
I hate texting >:O 
Watching Waiting :) 
I wanna go to a six dollar Tuesday movie tomorrow !! >:O 
Of course , if the right hero doesn’t come along , sometimes we just have to rescue ourselves . 
Human beings are designed for many things , but loneliness isn't one of them . 
Cayyyleeee'sss hereeee !!!! OMGS . 
lalalalala , making sommee ramen nooddlless <3 
I love sending out a mass text on holidays :) Happy Easter <3 
Babysitting Elii :) Texttt meeee , I'm bored . 
FIRMLY GRASP IT IN YOUR HAND ! 
Bbboobb the builderr . Can we fix it ? Bbboobb the builder . Yes we can ! 
I want a lover I don't have to love . I want a boy who's so drunk he doesn't talk . 
I can't help you fix yourself , but at least I can say I tried . 
This old man , he played one , he played knick-knack on my tongue . 
The worst is over , you can have the best of me . <3 
RAWR ! If you got that stupid < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland deleted scene thing from me , ( which you probably did because it selected all my friends and sent it ) ignore it . It was stupid and I'm mad I let my curiosity get me to look at it lol . 
All that I see right now , is someone who's lost and insecure . 
Just got back from getting my lip pierced ! :) 
I need to figure out something to do about my lip :( Rahhh , stupid Penta ! >:O 
I just had my first ever Big < PROPMALE > and it was delicious :) 
Rawr ! >:O Can't unscrew the stupid ball on my lip ring . :( 
You've got a smile that takes me to another planet . 
Cay's takin me to < PROPFEMALE > City for my last supper , lol . :( 
-Sigh , gotta be ready super early tomorrow for surgery , lllaaaammmeeee . 
Going in to the hospital , kindaa scareddd . Raawwrr . 
-Super sigh . If I'm not knocked out from the meds , I'm pacing . My tummy is so sore . :( 
Yay just got a new car ! Haha they were so sneaky about it ! I'm so happy . :) but still insanely sore . 
Got a job at Castaway Bay for the Summer !!! :) 
Rah , missing school again :( I just want this to stop hurtttinnggg !!! >:O 
Watchin Enough , I love this movie . :) Chhilliiinnn . 
If ya really need me , just reach out and touch me . 
Watching Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium ! Holllaaaa 
I'm over your lies , and I'm over your games . 
Oh my gosh . Best . Day . Ever ! Just stumbled upon the fact that 106.5 the zone has now moved to 100.9 ! My life is complete <3 
Baby close your eyes , don't open til the morning light . Baby don't forget , you haven't lost it all yet . 
You'll regret it all living behind your wall , and you'll never fall in love if you don't risk it all . 
I just want you close , where you can stay forever , you can be sure that it will only get better . 
An ordinary girl , an ordinary waist , but ordinary's just not good enough today . 
Going to see Nightmare on Elm Street at the Drive-In's! :D That's clearly my new obsession <3 
Uhm , probably going to pee myself tonight after that movie . :( 
When the lights go out we'll be safe and sound . We'll take control of the world , like it's all we have to hold on to , and we'll be a dream . 
I fall to pieces , each time someone speaks your name . 
What you got boy is hard to find , I think about it all the time . 
Cause I know I'm wasting my time and I don't mind . 
I wannnaaa gooo forrr a walkkk in zee rainn XD 
Has made the final decision , I'm going to BGSU . :) 
Big ol ' fat rain <3 
We all got things to do , but we make time for what we want . 
\Relationships are a joint collection of songs you spend the rest of your lives hating after a break-up . Just heard 3 ex's in a row on the radio ! \ " - I <3 < PROPMALE > Cook " 
Happy Mothers Day !! I love my mommyy , < PROPFEMALE > Oakley :) 
Sooner or later , you're gonna hate her , go ahead and throw your life away . 
I cannot waiittt for school to be over next weeekkk ! 
Yesterday , love was such an easy game to play , now I need a place to hide away . 
Friday's the laasstt dayyy ! XD I wanna be done NOW , please . 
Came home early , only a 1/2 day tomorrow ; thankfully . :/ 
We all had to give up things we love . 
What's Eating < PROPMALE > Grape , on MTV , at 6 a.m. , what a delicious treat ! <3 
Done with highschool ! :) happy birthday @ < PROPFIRST > Smith !! 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now . 
Cleaningg ! Won't have my phone on me most of the time . 
Today's the dayyyy !!! 
Oh , what a glorious life .. -_- 
Going to Maumee Bay :) 
At < PROPMALE>'s baseball game :) 
This is seriously the scariest night of my life . 
Lake is one of the saddest sights I've seen . 
Going to Lake to be with seniors and lake 
I can't believe they're holding graduation as soon as tomorrow . 
Lake class of ' 10 this has been one crazy ride . It's hard to believe it's about to be over . Congratulations everyone :) 
Going to clean up Lake , won't have my phone . 
In Soviet Russia car drives you ! 
Got me some Skechers Shape Ups :D thanks mama ! 
Cedar Point with < PROPFIRST > Luce yesterday was pretty awesome :) Now , training classes . Woo ! 
Waiting for our 2 mile \brisk tour\ " through the park to begin . " 
Just helped Tay put up a huge tent for my nephews . Work open to 4 tomorrow :) 
I hateeee stupid mosquitoes >:O 
I'm so drained , I can't do this anymoree :( 
This is so stupid .. 
Just got home :) Hanging with Errin and Tay . Gettin ' ready for my parttyyy tomorrow . 
Dreams last for so long , even after your gone . 
If you wonder , about the spell I'm under , it's your love . 
I'll keep singing this line if you'll keep believing it . :) 
We never really grow up , we just learn how to act in public . :) 
13 days til I'm legal :D 
Downtown watchin fireworks with dad and < PROPMALE > :) 
Up at the hospital with Lexi and Aubreyy :) 
Happy Birthday , Grandma <3 I miss and love youu 
Watchin < PROPMALE > Potter and the Half-Blood < PROPMALE > , boo-yaahh :) 
I'ma space bound rocket ship and your heart's the < PROPFEMALE > , and I'm aiming right at you . 
I am so , so bored . Someone entertain me nooowww .. please :D 
Watchin Dumb and Dumber , goin to sleep early , BG orientation in the morning for the whole frickin ' dayyyy ! yayy :( 
Too early ): Going to BG orientation with my mama , yeah I'm just a baby :P Two days til I'm 18 :D Textt meeee . 
Tomorrow is my 18th birthdayyyy !!! :D 
I find the map and draw a straight line . Over rivers , farms , and state lines . The distance from ' A ' to where you'd be , it's only finger-lengths that I see . 
Shutting my phone off for a bit , if you need something ; show up at my house . 
Lalalalalala , talkinngg to Tayyy :P <3 
If I could write you a song to make you fall in love , I would already have you up under my arm . 
I wish I could get my lip ring out to change itt !! Can anyone tell me howw ? :( 
Watchin ' < PROPMALE > and the Chipmunks with my baaabbbyy . <3 
Relaxin ' with my baabbyy :) Takin ' < PROPFEMALE > to work at 9 a.m. :( theenn Tay's job interview at 4 . 
Bakin cookies with my love :P 
Goin swimmin with Tay , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > :D yaaayyy 
Going to the < PROPMALE > County Fair with Dad , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Tay and the boys :D 
Lost my phone at Meijers , oops . :) 
I never want you to go because I am all yours so please be all mine <3 
Yay ! Just got the Droid and switched to Verizon :) same numberrr . 
Class 1-5 :) text meee ! 
LOL Laffy Taffy just came on one of my old mixtapes and it's geneous ! I missed it lol 
My back hurts sooo bad , I can hardly move :,( 
Going to the hospital , hopefully they can do something to help my back :( 
I feel like a slice of butter melting over a big-ol ' pile of flapjacks . 
Sushiii mmmmm <3 
Hangin ' around with Tay and little < PROPFEMALE > <3 watching Teen Mom , so happy there's no class tomorrow ! 
Gahhhhh , hate all these papers D ' : Ridiculously happy it's the weekend and my last week of this class is Wednesdayyy ! 
Yayy got the first < PROPFEMALE > of my paper finally completed ! Now , onto the \Evolution of the Chocolate Chip Cookie\ " ! Flopsy is still nugglin ' on < PROPFEMALE > . <3 " 
You're still the one that makes me laugh , still the one that's my better half . We're still havin ' fun , and you're still the one . <3 
yay , filled out ANOTHER application .. at Halloween City ! ( Formerly Halloween USA ) Either way , I'd be super stoked if I got a job there ! :) 
Yay !! Back to the Future Part II is on !!!!! Best . Movie series . Ever ! <3 
First day of Fundamentals of Algebra 1-5 , yay for being a ' tard in math bahaha ! -_- 
Sweeeettt , on hold with the bank . There's probably like 100 dollars worth of overdraft fees from being overdrawn 47 cents . -_- 
You are the best thing that's ever been mine . :) <3 
Class 1-5 then rushing over to Lake's football game :) Even though there probably won't be any spots left to park , lol . YAY ! 
Just went from 70 to 0 on I75 and almost pee'd myself .. stupiddd trafficcc . Yay Flyers tonight with the fam and Tay ! :) 
bahaha , \Willostock\ " happening down the street . How awesome this little town can be . ;) " 
If I can't get a job asap I don't know how I'ma be able to keep goin to school .. 
Have a job interview at Office < PROPMALE > Tuesday !!!! :) super excited ! 
Spent the day moving stuff to the new house in Woodville :) 
My heart stops when you look at me , just one touch now baby I believe . This is real so take a < PROPMALE > and don't ever look back . <3 
Lmao < PROPFIRST > Bieber was just like whatt ? Where do I go ? Adorable . He's so sexy <3 
Soooo , my phone is shutoff . So if you call or text me and I don't answer or reply .. that's why . -_- 
WiFi on my phhoonnee :D ballliinnn'! Office < PROPMALE > interview tomorrow ! Super excited !! 
Lol yay for using Brown Mackie's WiFi on my phone :) too bad I still can't call out or reply to texts :( 
Jsyak , my phone is STILL not working .. I can only receive calls and texts , I cannot call out or reply ): and NOW , my internet is ALSO out . Ahhh , whatta life . ;P 
Nervous on how I did on the exam today :/ Hope I did well because I REALLY do not want to have to take that class again . 
Sigh , I'm bored . I need a job . It's annoying . :/ 
Tryin ' to go for a walk with Tay :) our neighbor brought us some noms to welcome us to the neighborhood , how nice !! :) 
Gettin ready to take the bohys to the Woodville library :) 
Just got done making \birthday brownies\ " for J.C. and < PROPMALE > :) Maybe take them to the park later since it's so nice outside . " 
The Choice by < PROPMALE > Sparks is one of the BEST books I've read in a long time <3 
Oh my gosh , 98.3 has seriously been playing the SWEETEST jams , I'm in my < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Watching Happy Gilmore with Tay <3 First day of Microcomputer something class tomorrow . :) Hopefully breakfast with Errin before ! 
Yay ! Interview at Subway Wednesday !!! Super excited . Thanks Jesss :) <3 
You can't even imagine how much I love leaving for six hours for class and not having any money to eat , awesome . 
I like it on the desk . 
Interview todaayy ! :) Excited . 
Lmao , seriously just read a person's status that was this :\ 
\yEw cant fIght < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Øn . . . So 
So , I hate how someone's going to ask what's wrong . And usually , they get mad because I DON'T tell them , so this time , I do . What happens you ask ? They get mad because of what I say ! Lol , sounds like someone needs to make up their mind on what they actually want to hear . -_- 
Sleeepppp , work 11 to 4 tomorrow :) 
Taking care of Tay cause he's sickkk . Doing a bunch of homework , class 1-5 , and I have a midterm tomorrow . ): 
Just had an interview at Pilot that took an houurrr . I hope it went welll ! 
Watchin ' The Lovely Bones by myself , my tummy hurts . :( Work 10-3 tomorrow . 
My stomach hurts so frickin ' bad :( ughh , I HATE being sick . And I especially hate throwing up . This . Is . Horrible . 
So apparently , I'm not feeling as better today as I thought . Stomach is stillll killing me , this is awesome . #FML 
It's like forgetting the words to your favorite song , you can't believe it , you were always singing along . It was so easy , and the words so sweet . You can't remember , you try to move your feet . 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . \ 
Yeah , this is happening :P 
Work at Pilot , then with the family to the Pumpkin Patch ! :D 
Class , then no work todayy , so relaxing ! Nice break before working alllll weekend . Tomorrow , Pilot from 12-4 then Subway 5-Close . Woooo :) 
Watching The Hangover with Tay <3 Work at Subway 11-4 , then Pilot 6-10 :) 
Ugh , stupid tornado watches .. and it's supposed to get severe between 1 and 5 , the exact time length of my class . Needless to say , I'm not going . I don't want to be in the car to or from class especially driving an hour away . I hate missing class ): 
Missed class for no reason , super mad ! Oh well , I guess . 
Family Guy with Tay and Flopsy :) Then sleeeepppp ! 
Watching Gremlins ! :D Class tomorrow 1-5 . 
Found out tonight that my < PROPFEMALE > Flopsy is a boy . This . Explains . EVERYTHING ! 
Just carved some pumpkins with Tay and the boys , working 5-Close tonight at Subway . :) 
Work 10-4 tomorrow at Subway , I neeeeddd a haircut asap ! 
Watching Halloween II on Showtime , work 4-Close tomorrow . :( 
Watching Halloween 4 , then work 4-Close . Sad I'm not going with the boys trick or treating :( 
Suuuper mad my alarm didn't go off this morning , I hate missing the first day of class .. -_- Well , doing stuff around the house then going to get my hair cuutt . :D 
\You're too big for bottles ! \"" 
It should be a crime to be up this early ! Taking < PROPMALE > to school , then going to class .. sigh , this . sucks . 
Getting ready to go to sleep , work at Pilot at 8 a.m. ): these early morning's are going to kill meee . Hopefully this Brown Mackie scheduling stuff gets figured out , I don't need the extra stresss ! 
Work at Pilot reaallly sucks today :( I hope it gets better . These past few days have been boootttyyy ! 
My feet are killing me , I'm so tired . Going to bed , then getting up early to take < PROPMALE > to school , then going to class .. I just need a power nap .. today has been quite the day . 
I seriously just want to call of work at Pilot today .. things were good anddd then turned to crap . I seriously cannot WAIT to be out of here .. 
Work today was supperr goood :) I love those people , they're so nice . Going to bed , sleeping in , I neeedd it ! Work at Pilot 2-6 . 
Does anyone have good credit and would be willing to co-sign on a lease for an apartment for Me , Lexi , and < PROPFIRST > ? We really need it .. 
Ughh , I don't feel like doing this essaaayyy ! But it's some of the only time I have to work on it ): Suuuperrr saddd . 
Booooooo , getting sick ): Work at Subway 10 to 4 , then going to get some noms with < PROPFEMALE > Macknight :D 
I don't feel goooddd ! ): Work at Subway 12 to 4 then Pilot 4:30 to 8:30 . 
Wooo , couple of days off work :D thennn , working like crazy at Pilot for the week . 
So , just completely rewrote me English essay and it went from three pages to five . Wooooo , now enjoying the rest of my day off :) 
Ughhh , I wish I could stop coughing already ! Being sick is horrribllleee . About to watch some television with Tay then falll asleeepp . :) <3 
Out at the park with Tay and the boys , it's gettin chilly and < PROPFEMALE > which is not helping my cold :( 
Driving to get some NyQuil .. and it is ridiculously foggy , cars are coming out of nowhere lol . 
Going to school in the crazy fog , I still can't stop coughing :( I'm dying . Work 345-745 at Pilot . Blaahhh . 
Ugh , I feel so horrible . I can't do anything without choking every five seconds . Started taking my antibiotics but not helping yet . Worst bronchitis ever :( 
Day off :D Hanging around , about to watch The Proposal with my boo . Then have to start my Process Analysis essay for Comp I that's due tomorrow . Fantastic . -_- 
Sweeettt , as SOON as I start my paper I try to save it and now the computer's being dumb . -_- In the mean time , I'm being distracted by < PROPFIRST > Lopez , lol . 
Weellpp , my paper had to have no less than three < PROPFEMALE > s and there is indeed about half a paragraph on the third < PROPFEMALE > . Good enough for me , about to lay down with Tay , watch some t.v. and fall asleep . I'm insanely tired , Goodnight <3 
Life is a beach I'm just playin ' in the saaaannnddd . :) 
Just smashed on some ribs , mmm . Showered , gettin ' ready to head to work 8 - 12 . :) not too excited that I have school at 8 a.m. tomorrow though . 
Blaahh waiting for < PROPMALE > to get outta school , gotta go home take a shower then workin ' til 8 . 
Watchin ' < PROPMALE > Potter with Tayyy , going to work 4-12 ): boooo . Class from 8:30 to 12:30 , this is going to suck . 
Got called into work 4 to 12 , was going to spend this day off on my final English essay but I guess nooottt . lol 
Omg , I seriously NEED out of this house NOW . It's forreal bullshit . 
Got the best sleep , everrrr . Working 230 to 630 , then I HAVE to start my English essay . 
* sigh , how do they expect us to grow up and be independent when they make it nearly impossible for us to accomplish the things needed to do so ? 
Yessssss , 101.5 is playing Christmas music . I am psyched ! <3 
agghhh , I do not want to write this paper ! D ' : I don't even know how to begin .. 
Blaaahhhh it's too earlllyyy ! :( 
Ugghhh , oh my gooodddddd I need a better topic for my stupid paper . This is insanely annoying . -_- Give me two things I can compare and contrast .. 
So , I think I'm going to try to compare the Hulk to the Thing , anddd we'll see how long this one lasts .. 
Watching Undercover Boss Subway , woot woot . 
Rewriting my paper .. lmao , gosh this is a recurring event . Last day of class tomorrow , yay :D 
Everybody's gonna love today , gonna love today , gonna love today ! 
Watching A Christmas < PROPFIRST > with Tay and < PROPMALE > ! :D I'm in love with Christmas timmee . :D 
People are really annoying sometimes . 
Watching The Losers with Tay , gotta leave for work at 530 . I want some turkeeyy , man ! 
Getting ready to take a snooozzeee ! Gettin ' up early-ish to stop over at Dad's house before going to work 2-10 ; holiday pay , whaaat whaatt ! :) 
Coool at Kmart in an insane line , the lights started flickering annnddd now the registers are down .. awesome . 
Going back to bed , then work 6 to midnight . :( 
Worked 11 to 4 at Subway , now going to Pilot 6 to midnight . I so sleeepppyy . :( 
Sigh , work at Pilot 10 to 215 , stilll super sleeepppyyy . 
Between jobs and school , I am just getting reallly stressed .. :( 
It's plain to see , that you're the only one for me . 
Freezing , tired , and Tay's at work ): bored with FB stalking , lol . Going to sleeepp . P.S. I hate my new class .. -_- it friggin ' sucks ! 
Ugh , doing a threaded discussion that is pretty much an essay . We get out of class at 10 p.m. it was assigned last night and is due tonight at 10 . rah rah rah , I will complain for forever ! 
Home from class , eating some s'ghetti , sleeping , then work at 6 a.m. oh the joy .. -_- 
Watching Riding In Cars With Boys :) I looooovvveeeee this movie ! <3 
lmao @Tim < PROPFIRST > <3 I love The < PROPFEMALE > Clause ! :) 
Ohhh myyy gooossshhh , I do not like this teacherrr ! Ugh , we have an exam to do online today since it's a blended day . So she decides to put a frickin ' password on the darn thing and didn't give it to anyone , wtf ! 
Work 645 to 11 , going to Penta with < PROPFIRST > :) thenn work Subway 5 to close .. oh what a day .. 
Ugh , just got off work .. shower , sleep , then working at Pilot at 6 a.m. 
Yesterday , three hours late . Today 41 minutes early .. I'm heatedddd . :( 
My head is killing me ): Exhausted , going to bed early tonight and sleeping forever since I don't have work tomorrow <3 yay ! 
Cowboys win it in overtimmmeeee , wooooooo ! :) 
Doing school work before class 6-10 ): boooo ! 
42 ! Even though I technically wasn't playing myself , I'll do it for you ! Anatomy was awesome with you ! I miss it . We definitely need to < PROPFEMALE > out asaaapppp . :) 
\You taught my heart a sense I never knew I had . \ " Rockin ' on the way to school . Tay is purposely driving into the snow like a llaaammmeee . :P " 
Tay left for work , taking a quick shower , sleep , then work at 6 a.m. ): 
Stayed a few hours longer at work , time to relax and do some homewoork . Hollaaa :P 
Gah annoyed ! Get over yourselff . I did this and I will take the consequences , don't turn it into something about you ! I felt bad at first now I just don't care . 
Long story short , I will choose my college education over ANY job . 
Of course if you put a bunch of girls in one place all you can expect is drama , drama . Making a huge deal out of nothing lol . Workin ' Pilot , making good money :) 
Going to brush the snow off my car and warm it up before woorrrkk . I lovveee the snow ; I hate driving in it . ): 
Putting the Christmas tree up :D Work tomorrow morning , I hope it doesn't snow tooooo bad tonight ! 
So , it's like a blizzard outside annddd I'm stuck at Pilot which is dead right now . Booooo ! :P this snow better stay so I can go sledding ! 
I wish work had two hour delays like schoool . :( 
The entire drive to school consists of my car sliding all over the place .. awesome . -_- 
There might be a little dust on the boottlleee ! But don't let it fool ya about what's insiiddeee . 
Watching the Spongebob Squarepants movie , it's my favoritteeee . :) 
Went to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > , I loovee her :) Watchin ' How the Grinch Stole Christmas . Getting ready for sleeepps . 
Ugh , I woke up feeling horrible ): Didn't get enough sleep either , boooo ! About to bake some more cookies ! Text meee . :D 
Wooorrrkkk :P holllaaaaa ! 
< PROPMALE>'s school Christmas program at Woodmore :) then leavinngg ! 
Tired , bored , watching Family Guy . :) textt meee ! 
Our lives are better left to < PROPMALE > , I could have missed the pain but I'd have had to miss the dannce . 
Blah , work 7 to midnight . I don't like working at night . :( 
Staying elsewhere until we get enough money for an apartment , sweeett . Happy frickin ' holidays ! 
Out with < PROPFEMALE > :) holllaaaa ! 
Watching Toy Story 2 ! :D sleeepp work at 6 a.m. 
Broken hearts and torn up letters , girl you just can't dance forever if you wanna make it better . 
You'll never fall in love if you don't risk it all . 
All we know for sure is all that we are fighting for , baby don't forget we haven't lost it all yet . <3 
OMGOSH ! The Rugrats Movie is coming on t.v. Sunday at 8 . I adoreee the rugrats ! <3 
You're no longer laughing , I'm not drowning fast enough . 
Oh ya know , just enjoying the glorious two-days-before-Christmas-traffic with Tay . Hahahahahaa . -_- 
Merrry Christmasss <3 
Went to sleep for about an hour and a half , and the boys were up and ready to go .. oh , today will be gloriouusss :P 
Lmao so my dad got me and Tay matching < PROPMALE > the Frog shirts .. totally random . I love it and will be making him take a picture with me in them . \ 
P.S. < PROPFIRST > , if you are reading this please bring my phone upsairs to me .. it's in the kitchen , thanks ! :) 
People annoy me , don't say you're sooo busy to chilll with me when you're with everyone else .. SN : Back to the Future Part II is on . :D <3 
mmmm , fooottt rubbb <3 
Ahh , club last night with myy girrllss :P that's how you prepare for working two days on the midnight shift ! hahaha <3 
At work until 230 , running on about 2 1/2 hours of sleeep . Fantastic ! :P 
You can't blame the guy for trying to do a ninja , kartwheel touchdown . Bahaha 
Gosh , kids these days have NO idea how to make a prank call even remotely interesting . Most disappointing event ever .. -_- 
Rah I can't stand sore losers , I need someone who can have fun whether they win or lose . 
At Nugoya with Tay for his birthdaayy ! :) 
\You are the GodFocker . \ " hahaha <3 " 
I hateee being sick ! D: 
Watching Aladdin :P Shower , sleep , then work at 6 a.m. :) 
Yay Rugrats !! <3 
Sleeppyy , watching Degrassi , hopefully sleep soon , then work in the morningg . :) 
Woooo , no work tomorrroww . Only day off this week lol . ;P Maybe going sleddinng with the boys . 
Watching Twilight until I Love You , Man comes on . Sledding with Tay and the boys was superr tiring lol . 
I seriously love watching movies with < PROPMALE > , he's so funny . Watching Despicable Me with him . :D 
Me : Why is this meat so soggy ? \ 
Alina : Uhm , because it's tofu .. \ 
hahaha , wonderful trips to Nagoya . 
Everyone wants happiness , no one wants pain . But , you know that you can't make a rainbow without a little rain . <3 
Whew , just rearranged the room with Tay . It looks delightful ! Now playing some Wii before din-din . :) 
La la la la laaaaa , at work til 730 . Should be eventful :P 
Watching Degrassi <3 aghh , I'm so in love withh it . Hollllaaaa ! 
Everything looks perfect from far away , come down now , but we'll stay .. 
Sigh .. 
Head hurts , super bored , BUT I'm watching American Dad . <3 (: 
This is stupid , I wanna talk about vaginas ! #FamilyGuy lol <3 
I wish my head would stop dying . :( 
Awww , this kid is so cute and singing my jaaamm . 
Ughhh , restlesssss ! Work in the morninngg . 
Transformers . :) 
Family Guy , then sleeeeeepppp timmmeeee . <3 
I hate when people continue to bring up stupid things when they happened nearly two months ago , lolol . Watching Spongebob , sleeping , then wooorrkk . :) 
-Pinky promise ? \ 
-Ohh yesss , my pinky promisess . 
Watching The Ring Two (: I lovvveee this movie and have not seen it in forever ! 
I love taking naps after work . (: hollaaa ! 
Is it even snowing yet ? Getting ready for sleepp , then work tomorroow . 
I seriously love the Rugrats <3 it makes me laugh . About to bake some cookiess , then work at 2 . 
Woooo made the ride home from worrkk . (: Now , hopefully no work tomorrow because that was horrible , lol . 
Ugghhh , Sandusky went down to Level 2 . Looks like I have to go to work at 4 * sigh . Laaammmeeee ! 
Playing Just Dance with < PROPFIRST > alll nigghhttt . (: holllaaa ! 
Its beating , taken , a little indecisive and it's RED . (: 
Wooorrrkk . I'm so tired from playing Just Dance 2 all night . Its my jaamms . (: 
First off , snow = suckiest roads , ever . And I had so much snow in my shoes just :( . Secondd , I finnaally got my W2 from Castaway Bay ! My collection is complete ! 
Ahhh , I love e-trade commercials . <3 
And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance , I hope you dance . <3 
Rahhh . I have to do some laundry but Degrassi is on ! 
Bored , bored , bored , bored , bored . Head's killing me D: Sleeepp nooowwwww !? 
Ahhhhhh Degrassi made me so mmaaaddddd ! I want < PROPMALE > and Clareee ! 
Blehh :/ 
Watching Snow White <3 
I'm so sleeepppyy , work til 630 ; booo ! 
Aggghhh , I'm so sleeepppy ! I need to do laundry now though , boooyaaahhh . :P 
< PROPFEMALE > tired .. thanks to Tay making me stay up watching Wall-E , I only got seven hours of sleep . 
Ommggggg , I seriously have the worst headache on the planet . >:[ 
Lalalala work isn't such a struggle this morning considering I got my much needed ten hours of sleep <3 going to check out an apartment after work :D 
I'm a complainer :P for example , my feet frickin ' hurt right nooww . Wooorrkkkkkinnn ' SN : payday should probably hurry up . 
Ugh , some people seriously irritate the crap out of me .. 
Most certainly time for sleep . My head is dying , I know it . ): 
I hate Genoa Bank . -_- 
Wooorrrkkk . My back is seriously broken or something . This sucks . ): 
Maann I don't want to be here until 5 . -_- 
Awww , FiFi's so scared of the thunder ): watching a movie beforee bedd . (: 
Ahh , Despicable Me <3 
Watching Tay play Black Ops , it makes me lolol . Work early in the morning ): 
Just woke up from a glorious nap , I am exhaustedd . 
Every now and then I fall apart , and I need you now tonight . 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > tiirrreedd . ): work is boring right now , booo ! 
I just want to call of today , I'm too beyond irritated to deal with people right now . 
Ugh , sick and it suuucckkss ! 
Sooo restless , and my throat feels like crap D: I'm exhausteddd . 
I wish my body would quit trying to kill me . ): 
Ugh , I've slept nearly all day . I'm really not trying to be sick forever . \ 
SN : I'm just having one of those dayyss . :/ 
I feeel so horrible right now . ): uugghhhh . 
Sitting in Urgent Care .. watching Happy Feet . What a weird choice of movie for a waiting room . But I dig it . 
Blaahh at work for another hour . I'm so tiredd ): 
Worrkkk then have to take the kids to GameStop since I've been putting it off all week . It'll be interesting lol . 
Omgg , whenever Genoa Bank decides to deposit my check , I am switching banks . They friggin ' suck ! Getting ready to leave for work , hollaaa :P 
Did you hear the one about the gold fish who went bankrupt ? Now he's a bronze fish . Hahahahaha oh Spongebob , you slay me . 
Blegh , watching Family Guy then work 11 to 7 .. I'm not sure if I'll be able to make it lol . 
Omgg I'm so irritated , I am seriously never working midnights again . >:O 
Hommeee from work , time for sleep <3 my back feels like death . ): 
Facebook creeepinnn ' ;) I have the worst headache , and I work pretty much all day tomorrow . I just want to sleep allll day . 
I really need to find a different place to sit on breaks at work , I'm tired of truckers creeping on me on their way to or from the shower . 
Went to Famous < PROPMALE>'s with everyone for < PROPMALE>'s birthday , including the three boys and it was fantastic . Watching Super Troopers with Tay before bed :) 
The only good thing about working at 6 a.m. is McDonalds breakfasstt . :) 
Jelllyyfisshh jelllyy on the floooorrr ! Home from work playing/watching Tay and < PROPMALE > play Spongebob on the Wii . 
TGIF has no meaning anymore , I will still be at work early Saturday and Sunday . I am , however , waiting for Sunday since I don't work Monday and Tuesday . :) 
I don't know where to begin , I don't know how to break the bottle I'm livin ' in . 
Oh . My . Gosh . Masons first sleepover at his bestfriend < PROPFIRST>'s house ... I'm freaking out . He's growing up so fast ! :') 
Now there's no slowin ' down , there's only settin ' the pace . No more dreams to be stolen , just the right ones to < PROPMALE > . You've been through the worst , now you know who to trust , leave them something behind before the ashes and dust . 
Watching Paranormal Activity 2 with < PROPFIRST > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Buffettt <3 nom nom nom 
Man , I hate that feeling when you're about to be off work in fifteen minutes and they ask you to stay until 1 . Ladedadeda 
Ughh , so frickin ' tired . I could just fall asleep standing up :( is it Sunday yet ? 
Suddenly I see , this is what I wanna be . Suddenly I see , why the hell it means so much to me . 
Sweettt , I love when I work 8 hours and have no money to eat . ): 
