So much 4 a family new year . 

Happy new year !!! 
I jst saw 8 cop cars @ wawa on lynnhaven . 2nite would b the nite 2 do dirty deeds . Obviously cops r < PROPFEMALE > break . 
Missin grade school , being young and free , and the ppl i use to know . 
Yaaay i hav bout an hr left of wrk . I need a better job so i can go bak 2 school and become a head shrink . Tell evry1 they nuts and give them a blunt ! 
Omg its cold outside ! Im movin where it nevr gets cold enuff to snow . That way i dont hav 2 worry bout the ppl who drive slow b\\c they afraid of othr ppl . Yall r the reason y ! U go 20 < PROPMALE > below da limit whn it jst startd 2 snow 5 mins b4 ! 
Does ne1 else feel like these last 5 yrs went by way 2 fast . And i feel old now whn i say \remember 10 yrs ago whn ... \ " 23 is old :( " 
Wow da snow is stickin 2 da roads . Really cold day :( 
Sry fazolis fans the chesapeake square store is closed . The3 vb location will close @ 7pm . 
I have realized i am 1 of the few from my class that doesn`t have a kid and is or has been married . I`m not sure if thats a good thing or a bad thing . Good thing b\\c i dont have another mouth 2 feed other than me and my doggy . Bad thing b\\c thats means i havnt really started my life . I have a fiance , but we`ve been 2gethr since 11th grade ( 7 yrs ) . Im nt sure that counts . 
Omg 1 of my male gerbils jst played fetch with a lil glass egg . Dats so cute ! 
Ha i jst heard on the news that olhs is infested with mice or rats . Damn i dont remembr 
Happy birthday mama !!! 
Ok ne1 friends with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . There r a shitload and most r white boys . 
Ahhhh i got sauce on my white jacket . I hope todds mom has a tide 2 go stik 
Does ne1 really report photos ? 
so guys if ur nt guna tak da time to lift da toilet seat whn u pee then u need 2 take da time 2 wipe up ur dribble . Thats da whole reason bhind da seat . da time u try & sav by nt puttin da seat up & down u need 2 spend wipin ur mess . Its nt ur grls job to clean it . woman how do yall get shit & piss on da seat ? I mean seriously , how ? Oh & every1 should b flushing it aftr u go . Y leave it 4 da next person , thats gros . 
I knw im l8 but i jst heard da steelrs lost 2 da jets ! Really ? Ima hear it from my boss ! I dnt really follow football but i hope they still get a < PROPMALE > 4 da bowl 
Jst finishd my xmas shopping . 14 ppl i had 2 gift 4 . And only 3 r my family . 1 is 4 a fellow managr @ wrk and the others r < PROPMALE > and his family 
Fuk da school size cartons of choc milk ! Earlyr i decided 2 hav 1 from wrk . The date said < PROPFIRST > 16th 2011 so i opend it . Yeah well i swallowd b4 i smelld . Ive been wrkin most of da nite wif a clenching feeling in my tummy and chest . Grrrrrr false advertisment 
Yaaaay my tummy feels bettr . Wut sux is that it took coffee 2 help ! 
Ok now all my xmas shoppin is done . Jst had my daddy and niece left . I hope my daddy likes his gift . Its sumthin he can use while in < PROPFEMALE > :( which he definately is goin 2 in may :( 
Hmmmm i sooooooooo thought more ppl would b sayin shit than there r . Wuts the point of facebook ? Myspace has more action . 
Ahhh wrapping break !!! I jst hav todds gifts 2 wrap now . Cant wait til 2morrow ! 
Yaaay ! Im done wif todds gifts . No more 2 wrap . Jst unwrappin now ! 
* \den mother . U frighten me . \ " * " 
Geez u ppl bing up @ 6 am ! We jst finishd our gifts . Good yr . Hope my parents actually like their gifts . And my gift 2 my friends ...... i blow a rasberry @ ya ! 
Hmm i'm havin 3 sets of xmas gifts 2 unwrap . My famliy , todds , then todds family . Wow ! Remembr its the thought not the price ! 
Guess wut every1 ! I hit a tree ! 
Who loves orange soda ? \ 
I do i do i do i do i d o-o -o ! 
Our male mouse spaz is nearing the end of his life . If he doesnt pass by my next nonsnow day off , i think we will look in2 puttin him down so he doesnt suffer anymor than he has . And so soon aftr < PROPFEMALE > passed . :( :( :( < PROPMALE > is so heartbroken . Spaz is his < PROPMALE > . We've had him for 4yrs . 
Jst got bak from a walk in the snow . Took sum pi c.s. Its pretty out . 
Ugh i hav 2 wrk too ....... F u < PROPFIRST > 4 bein sick . As far as i knw < PROPFEMALE > ur wrkin 2 . 
Goin out shoppin again 2day like i did yesterday . Spent too long @ da mall , it wuz 7 b4 i knew it . And i dont wanna drive aftr dark until the roads thaw more . So off 2 do more shoppin . Have walmart gift cards 2 use up ! Thx family ! 
Jst got bak from shoppin . Walmart sux ! No pj pants and no good t shirts . Skrew shoppin ! 
Stoner movies rock ! 
Omg my gerbils r sooooo cute . They all act differently when they want 2 come out and play on the bed . And yes they do want 2 come out of their cages . Some of our gerbils like me more than < PROPMALE > and vice versa . 
I say if ur oldr than the age of 50 the only jobs u should get r desk or dishwashin . Ur too old and/or slow 2 do the job rite and fast . 
Yaaaay ! Abc family put \whos line is it anyway ? \ " back on . " 
Ok i knw im l8 but i jst watched the openin of the final destination in 3d and ........ they still got the bitch ! 
Whoop whoop ! Much lov 2 my juggalo family ! 
Yaaay techno ! Rockin 2 crazy frog 
U knw wut happend 2 verbal agreements being binding . I agreed wif my parents that if i had full time job or full time school i wouldnt hav 2 pay rent ...... fat < PROPMALE > now ! Jst like we agreed 2 each pay half of the neon . They chargin me 4 all of it . And i dnt even hav the damn thing nemore . Im almot 24 and it looks like i wont b able 2 move out till im 30 . I cant seem 2 save much as it is . I wish we got paid monthly . 
Fuck facebook im deleting my shit aftr i get done with wrk . U bitches wanna talk 2 me get my # . 
Y is it parents nevr take fault in arguments with their kids ? I think they r afraid 2 admit 2 their child that the parents r wrong . And 2 argue about $ ! 
2011 is the year of the rabbit ! My year ! And it starts like a huge pile of < PROPMALE > shit ! This is not gunna b a pleasant yr . I hope i move out soon . 
If men had titties and produced milk and woman only carried and deliverd the babies , there would b a lot of dead babies . And a lot of men twisting their own nipples ! Haha and if u dnt get that , let me knw . 
Fuckin pennypinchin cumwades ! If u wanna save $ , dnt go out 2 eat ! And dnt argue the price ! U chose 2 go there , dnt bitch . 
I hope this new zodiac only effects the babies born from 2011 onward . I dnt wanna change from a taurus ! It defines me 2 a tee . I havnt been able 2 find nething that says if it changes ppls already born . 
Has evry1 heard boutt da new zodiac ? Ha it better nt change my chinese zodiac ! Its suppose 2 b da yr of da rabbitt . My yr ! 
Yaaaay 4 ihop @ 130 in da morning ! 
Mad props 2 da dude who invented hot boxin ! 
What did the deaf person say to his friend whn they saw a man tossin gang signs ? 
I figured it out ! I am slightly lactose intolerant . I havent eaten nething since saturday nite . Bout 2 hrs ago i had 4 cheese raviolis . Now i have da shits . Its da cheese ! Doctors b damned , i can diagnose myself . 
My boss is gunna joke me 4 a week if the steelers dnt win against the jets this sunday . Go steelers !!! Steel the wings off the jets :) 
Ne1 else not gettin 96.1 or 94.9 on da radio ? 
Aww todds sick . Too bad i dnt like 2 baby da sick . I do like 2 b babied whn im sick . 
I hope the steelers r winning 
Thank god ! Im almost done with my 10.5 hr day @ wrk . With no break ! Fuck being a managr . 
Yall voted obama in2 office . Hes changed shit and yall dont like it 4 wutevr reason . Im tired of hearin bitchin and of ppl sayin they hate him . Stfu and do sumthin . Bsides its nt da pres . Congress and HofR that rule . 
Grrr i want ihop ! 
Wut movie is this from ? \ < PROPMALE > Gates ! < PROPMALE > Gates ! < PROPMALE > Gates ! \"" 
< PROPMALE > and i will be up at Ihop , new landstown commons one , round 1130pm 2nite . So i am handin out an open invitation to meet us there . Otherwise ima b bored ! 
Back from ihop . We were the only ppl there . Wut suckd ? Our waitress . We didnt even c her for 30 aftr we got our food . Anothr lady came by . Then a guy 2 bring us watrs . 
\How i met your mother\ " is an awsome show ! " 
Ha ppl wif mental retardations r funny . Couple came in 2day 4 a date . The guy askd the girl if she wanted 2 be his girlfriend . Ha the girl said \ will u buy me a watch ? \ " hahahaha then she said yes . " 
Dude i hope i nevr develope schitzophrenea . I already get annoyed by my bros paranoia . He thinx sum1 is putting eyedroplets of sumthin in the coffee pot ! 
Gettin nice @ an old friends house . Then we goin 2 ihop again . I think ima addicted ! Open invitation 2 come . Landstown commons n sure wut time ..... 1130 or midnite . Mayb 
Mmmmm pancakes 
Omg this comedian gabrial iglesias is funny as hell ! And he can mimic bush jr perfectly . 
Ha january 31st is child labor day nationwide ! 
Hmmm tattoos r illegal in oklahoma ! \ 
Www.bizarrenews.com 
January 31st is national child labor day ! \ 
In oklahoma it is illegal 2 have a tattoo . \ 
Febuary 1st is serpent day nationwide ! \ 
Extreme home makerover is in vb ! And the lady is a fukin saint ! Fostered 35 children who came out well . And she brings clothin to the homeless living @ the underpasses . 
I want ihop ! 
Yaaaay im @ ihop 
Febuary is international twit award month ! \ 
Guess wut state it is illegal 2 tickle a woman in !!! 
Is a person who gets cold easily . It has 2 b @least 65 out in vb 2nite . Too bad it gunna be in the 30s or close 2 it 2morrow . 
Oh i loooooove that ICP is gettin bigger . I cant wait to watch attack of the show later ! 
RIP Spaz . Our poor 6yr old mouse passed away bout an hour ago ! And wuts worse is that we jst noticed . 
Febuary is creative romance month . Start thinkin ! \ 
IHOP ! IHOP ! IHOP ! 
Is horribly sad today . :( 
Im tired of ppl who r pissed , for 1 thing or another , sayin shit thats uncalld 4 . i jst get off wrk , todds pissed cuz of tooth pain & his father kickin him out da shower , i say 1 thing & he snaps @ me for no reason . I was askin wut he wanted 2 watch . 
Haha packers didnt win by much . And i heard the steelers didnt play their best . Thats disappointing . But then again , if they did play their best the packers woulda looked like basketball players . Hahahahaha 
If ur a baby daddy or expecting baby daddy , u need 2 man up and get right . The lil shit is half u 2 ! Ur baby mama cant do it herself . \ 
This is for the men younger than 30 who is still immature and young @ heart . 
Ha i jst saw a car commercial that had a subyacht ( sp ? ) . That shits cool ! I want 1 !!! 
WHOOP WHOOP Feelin family luv 2day ! 
Ne1 have a # for a good family lawyer or @least 1 that knows bout renters rights ? I think my parents r waaaaay ovr chargin my bro 4 rent . And they tried it on me . But i refused 2 pay more than $150 . 
Nooooooo it started snowin 5 min . s ago ! Noooooooo 
No1 go 2 chesepeake square fazolis on friday ! I have 2 take a shift ovr there . I dnt want it 2 b busy 
\Hi-de ho good neighboor ! \"" 
Cool ! 3 ninjas is on ! 
And its a cut i've never seen . Wrds i dnt remembr . 
Im bored !!! 
There is nuthin funnier than a gerbil who gets scared and stomps for 5 min . s b/c of the sound of the keys clicking as i type . 
Im tired of bullshitters and bitches who blow me off . @least say nevermind . Or plain no . This not answering is getting annoying . Im bout ready 2 drop ne1 who does this shit again . 
Havin crushes suck . Exspecialy whn ur in a relationship . 
Its fucked up already whn u hafta delete ur family . Its 2x worse whn u hafta delete friends who knw ur man b\\c they might read ur shit wrong and open their mouths whn its nt their place . No likes a tattle tale , exspecialy if the info is wrong or u dnt knw the whole story 
Gerbils r sooooo cute ! 
Police academy rox ! 
Leavin 4 ihop round 7pm 2nite . If u dnt hav a date ur more than welcome 2 attend . Its @ the landstown commons location . 
Im bored . Lookin 2 get nice and relax 
Im bout ready 2 quit , new job or nt , then burn the fucker down 3 months l8r . The good thing ? I get 2 watch and hear bout how bad it gets aftr i leave . 
Jst heard bout theses new bras called ahh bra or sumthin like it . Ne1 knw of it ? 
Grrrr lookin 4 long lost family is hard . 1 : b\\c dnt knw wut they look like ( even w\\family features ) 2 : b/c nt sure if they hav the same last name u knw . 3 : b/c too many ppl have the same fuckin names ! 4 : b\\c they might nt of used their real name . Could of used a nickname . 
That reminds me ! Fuck all ya'll who used nicknames instead of ur real names . How can ne1 find ur ass ! 
Todds a dumbass . He jst stabbed his foot w\\broken glass . Its wuz dark i'll give him that . 
Ahhh im soooooo tired ! Wish i could take a nap @ wrk . 
5 hrs of sleep . And im wrkin 10 hrs w\\no break ! 
Help ! Sum1 cum keep me company or cum visit me ! I need sum stress relief . 
Its gotten chilly . Crap 
Ha sum1 came in 2 min . s b4 closing . We told them they couldnt dine in . So they left . Dipshits 
Y am i still awake ? 
Ahhh its so nice out ! And im off 2day . Whoop Whoop ! 
Yaaaaay im bout 2 watch the karate kid . The new 1 w\\ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! Dnt care bout the lil rapper kid . 
He keeps pausing the movie ! Ima kill him 
Uh grrrrr sum1 save me from my family ! 
Omg ! 2nites perfect 4 a high ride ! Too bad i dnt wanna drive .... 
I think ima watch the karate kid movie again .... w/out < PROPMALE > . He pauses it too much , then gets mad cuz i wanna watch the f-ing movie more than 10min . s at a time . 
Im not cho daddy . Im ur grandpa ! Im not cho daddy . Im ur grandpa ! 
I love it whn ppl leave instead of ordering . Less wrk 4 me 2 do ! 
What what ? In ur butt !!! 
Jst finished watching the losers . Pretty good . Ooooooo jury duty is on ! Ha and < PROPMALE > jst got ima pauly shore fan . 
Sum shits gotta change . Or im gunna hafta make a big decision . But this decision is probably the best thing 4 me . 
Shit sux 
Uh sum1 get my superman ! 
How can i b @ wrk , with stuff 2 do , and still b bored ! 
Bitches go home and cook ! Stop wasting $ on crappy tasteless food . 
Yaaay 4 closin time ! 
I think @least half of wut ppl say on here is bs ! I doubt ppl r havin as good of a life as sum say . And i doubt ppl r havin as shitty a life as sum say . Exaggeration(sp ? ) is nevr good . Dnt get caught up in ur own lies . U'll nevr b able 2 keep them all straight . 
I swear 2 god suspicous much ! 
I dont know what to do ! Help !!! 
I dont know what to do ! Help !!!!!! 
Sum1 cum 2 fazolis and keep me company ! :) 
Jst found out my daddy is gettin shipped out 2 < PROPFEMALE > on my birthday !!! :( 
Rofl im arguin w\\ an employee about 2 guys bein gay or not . 
Ugh i dnt knw wut 2 do ! 
Is chickening out 
Its fuckin cold out ! 
If deoderant makes ur pits itchy , ur allergic 2 it ! 
FUCK ! I wish this wuz easier ! 
Needs a friends nite . Wants a high ride ...... dnt wana do it alone . 
Crap my phones dying !! 
Wow ...... 
After the day i've had , the lil time i had out with friends alone waz great . Had a good nite :) 
Ugh ..... im bored now 
Boredom turns 2 saddness quickly ..... :*( 
Y is he hurtin me like this ? 
Cant sleep .... crying too much . 
Loves her friends . Even 1 smile helps a lot . 
* sigh * jst take deep breaths 
Hes nt getting wut i say . But he claims he is . I feel like shit now and im nt sure if i should stay and hope the same shit doesnt continue . Or jst break up w/him and not look back . 
Hmmm aftr wrk is gunna get boring w/nothin 2 do .... 
Evry1 is tellin me 2 break up w/him . I think i cant b/c im too nice . I cant stand 2 hav ne1 upset w/me or dissapointed . My heart starts racing , my adrenalin starts pumping , and i start 2 shake . 
Ahhh i 4got 2 have my cake ! 
Ugh my dad has his cheif and another solider ovr here . They woke my ass up @ 9am . That may nt seem early 2 ne of yall . But i usually dont wake up till 1030 . 
I wonder if my dad's platoon will break up w/him 4 me . And go in2 his room and take evrything thats mine . :o his cheif is here rite now ! 
My dads leaving 4 deplolyment 2 < PROPFEMALE > on april 27th , my birthday . I have already taken the week off . I am going 2 get drunk w/him ! 
Well i jst broke up w/him . 
It hurts sooo much 
I hope i did the rite thing . I feel soooo bad . 
Family makes everything better ... 4 the most part . U knw wut . If ne1 reads this and can get 2 lynnhaven fazolies , i will take 20% off yalls orders ! Only if u cum in . No drive thru !! 
Shouldnt have listened 2 his voicemails . Im hurtin again . And i felt soooo much better aftr talkin w/my mom . He doesnt wanna give up . And he thinks love is enough 4 a good relationship . 
Ya know this is bullshit ! I was doin good till he called . Ugh he called again as i was typin this ! 
Ha jst took < PROPFEMALE > hits w/my bro . 
I left him a message this morning . Trying to get this shit in his head . Then i asked him not 2 call me for a while . * sigh * baby steps . 
Its soooo beautiful out ! Vb weather sux most of the time . But nt on these days ! 
Got attacked by leaves on the road . Hahaha 
Gunna have dinner w/my parents 2nite . Havnt < PROPFEMALE > looong time . 
Red city buffet !!! 
5 hrs . Till im tired ..... wut 2 do ? 
Is now bored ...... * grumbles * 
Omg ! The alien jst probed < PROPMALE > on american dad !! 
Ugh still bored ! How can it b friday and no1s doin nething . 
Grr i hav 2 go get my check 
Off 2 wrk .... yaaaay .... 
I find it hard 2 believe that the day aftr i dump him he manages 2 get 3 interviews 4 next week ..... Fuck him . Using my ass jst so he didnt hav 2 wrk . I knew he wasnt doin shit ! 
Ugh 2nite needs 2 end . And seeing that long ass email < PROPMALE > sent using his neice pissed me off . 
Yaaay wrks ovr !!! 
Ugh ! Give up ! 
:( my dad is leaving 4 training camp 2day for 3 weeks . Then hes here 4 a month , then its off 2 < PROPFEMALE > :*( . Ima miss him !! 
Ha the social butterfly turned hermit now back 2 butterfly !!!! 
Sum1 come in !! We're bored !!! Its soooooo slow 
Ahhh i cant wait till summer and no more cold nites !! 
* sigh * 
Mmmm chocolate milk !! 
Well guess im goin home . * sigh * 
Theres nothin on tv ! Grrrr i hate wrkin @nite . No1 wants 2 chill aftr 11 ! 
Im sooooo bored ! 
He cant fucking leave me alone for 1 fucking day . And hes wondering y im not answering ! I'll call him whn im ready ! 
I jst had 2 block his neice cuz he told me he saw wut i wrote . Aaaaand he left me 2 vms . I feel bad hes upset and sad and that i havnt called 2 talk . But im nt ready 2 call him . Its nt that im nt ready 2 completely break up w/him . Its i dnt knw how 2 say the shit running in my head all day . 
Yaaaay 2morrow is suppose 2 b warm ... ish ! 
I cant belive all the shit i havnt done ovr the years ! I wasted the best and most exciting years of my life sittin in a small room .... :( 
Believes in ghosts 
Todays gunna b a bad day . :( 
Asshole made me walk in the rain across the parking lot . Then made it seem like he was bout 2 meet me . Had an umbrella in hand . 
Go away rain !!!! Btw my cell is fucking up so it might take a while 4 txts 2 get 2 me ! 
Im bored ! Whos doin wut 2nite ? 
Ha bitches ! Where the hot guys @ ? Gotta get my flirt on . I got < PROPMALE > aftr 8 yrs . 
Ugh cant sleep ... :( 
Hmmmm dress sexy or jst put on sumthin random .... 
Hahahahahahahaha 
Y r there soooo many cheerleader movies ! Ugh most of them arnt even cute ! 
Mmmm mcdonalds ! Ooo now a generation ! 
:o jst saw a commercial for sum goooood lookin new mini wheats !!!!! * < PROPMALE > moment * 
Holy shit !!!! Moist ! 
Loves to go fast .... in cars 
I think im gunna start doin a wrkout every morning . Cant be so lazy now that im single !!! 
Ugh my brother is soooo fuckin nosy ! 
Omg ! Pot fiend ! Leave me alone ! 
I'm bored !!!!! Sum1 heeeeeeeeelp ! 
Mmmmm goooood 
Ugh gotta wrk @ 3 . Eh gives me sumthin 2 do 
<------ loves flirtin ! 
Ugh i hate stupid people ! Use your common sense ! 
<------ needs ppl 2 chill w/2nite . Dnt wanna b alone :( 
if yall cant tell ...... im bored and alone for the 1st time since i broke up w/him . i dont think its goin so well ...... 
Mmm mm the older the guy the hotter he seems ! Well ne1 ovr 30 it too old :p 
:( my finger hurts ! 
Ugh we cant hear ovr the jets .... no matter how loud yall yell . Read the menu b4 u ask ? s cuz guess what .... the answer 9 out 10 is on it !! Grrr 4 stupid ? s . Grrrr stupid ppl who seem 2 hav nevr gone through drive thrus . 
Yaaay 2.5 more hrs till im off !! And im huuuuunnnngry 
Fuckin retards that come through ! Learn 2 read ! Can even pronounce a word that jst has an extra \o\ " at the end ! " 
Hmmm i wonder if i can leave @ 730 instead or 8 ..... Oh thats right ! Im the senior manager .... i can leave early since we nt busy ! Sweeeeet 
Ahhhhh i ate 2 bowls of cereal aftr nt eatin nething 2day .... Bedtime ! Oooooo naughty dream time :D 
Ahhh my burn blister popped ! :o time for a shower ! 
wow ... ppl really look at others pages that much ? ha my bro/neighboor cares :P 
ha well im no longer goin 2 the mall ... the person i hate the most now works at the mcdonalds there . 
Ugh bad tasting food @ da mall ....... 
Ha i ran in2 a car ! No damage or paint transfer ! Very cool 
Lookin for somthin to do 2nite ! 
Friday nite and no1s doin shit ? Laaaaaame 
grrr * sigh * 
ahh wut a night ! now i have to work today :( 
im really liking the new pink songs !! 
ooooo i would loooove to sky dive or bungie jump ! 
y is it every thime \the librarian\ " movies are on i always miss the first 30 minutes ! " 
grrrrrr y cant music be free ! fuck the artists they get mad $ from clothing and other bs no1 needs 
Ugh im quitting fazolis sooooon ! Fuck this place . 1st 15mins and i get pissed off ! 
Ugh ! I wish i had the $ to go to the tat festival to get a new 1 . :( :( 
<------ hates most people . Idiots ! 
Wow we r soooo slow . Im actually bored !!!! Some1 come up and eat ! 
Seriously .... Really bored ! Every1 needs 2 leave the tat expo and come here ! Its sad ..... 
Yaaay almost closed ! 
if i find out anyone else has been tellin < PROPMALE > shit i say on here i will delete and block you . i just did it to 3 people . i will do it to anyone . 
* sigh * wish i could smoke !!!!! theres nothin better than being pissed off then having a nice bowl to yourself . 
Grrrr y is it soooo hard to get to sleep 2nite ? Oh yeah ....... Cuz im thinkin bout a hoooooottttt ass man ! Ugh get outta my head and let me sleep ! 
alright im puttin this out again cuz i did post it late last night . IF I FIND OUT THAT ANYONE IS TELLING < PROPMALE > THE SHIT I SAY ON HERE I WILL DELETE YOUR ASS . IM NOT HAVING THIS CHILDISH SHIT ANYMORE . IM ALMOST 24 . THIS ISNT HIGH SCHOOL . WE ARENT CHILDREN . GROW UP ! 
ha i just realized .... i havent eaten anything since friday night . 
Ugh my dishwasher didnt show up so we r down a closer ..... lovely . I'll b out by 1130 2nite ..... thx dude 
Even w/being down a person we will get out on time 2nite ! Yaaaay for teamwork and havin no customers !!! 
hmmmmm i wont be tired until 1am ..... what should i do with myself until then ? 
rofl @ peaches and skeet 
rockin to B.O.B airplanes !!!!! 
* sigh * time 4 bed .... hopefuly 
awww y did i wake up !!!! i was having such a gooood dream :p 
im hungry .... but i dont know what to eat . nothing appeals 
Hahahahaha ahhhh sexual healing ! 
Another day at work . * sigh * 
Its slow and im bored ! 
ugh wtf ! i was able 2 download music on frostwire yesterday . yet theres a firewall i cant take down now . i cant do shit ! 
20 more minutes . Then i can go home and hide from annoying people ! 
* sigh * thank god im off tomorrow . hopefuly i wont cry tomorrow night like i did tonight , ha i dont even know why i started . all the sudden on my way home i started ballin . :*( 
im just gunna go to bed . every channel i turn is romantic bs i cant stand to watch . hmm maybe i'll dream bout my crush again : x 
\I'm proud to be from the South - where tea is sweet & accents are sweeter ; summer starts in April ; front porches are wide & words are long ; macaroni & cheese is a vegetable ; pecan pie is a staple ; Y’all is the only proper pronoun ; chicken is fried & biscuits come w/ gravy ; where everyone is darling & < PROPFEMALE > . Y'all! Repost if you're Southern to the bone ! \ " \ 
goooood morning everyone ! its a wonderful day 2 be off ! 
hmm what to do today being im off . 
ahhhh nice shower ........ * evil grin * 
time to do sum shit l8r every1 
Does anyone know if < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > has a fb < PROPFEMALE > ? If so , u his friend ? 
Ha megamind did a donkey kong tribute ! Hell yea ! 
haha megamind is the shit . if he was real he could be my supervillian anytime !!! ;) 
Apocalyptica- i dont care ....... thats my fuckin song ! 
god my brother is a duche ! 
Grrrrr im sooooo bored ! 
Damn :( i missed the 1st 30mins of tosh's stand up 
ahhhhh rocked out to great music on the radio goin home tonight ; The Black Keys - howlin ' for you , Cage the Elephant - aint no rest for the wicked , and Train - hey soul sister 
Mornin every1 ! 
Noooo i have to work in 2 hrs ! :( w/my boss alllllll night . 
Mmmmm mcdonalds b4 wrk ! 
Ugh i hate loud cycles !!!!! Get the quiet ones ! They sexier ;) 
Ugh ! Im tryin nt 2 flirt cuz its only been 2 weeks . But ive been seein sum sexy mofos and its haaaarrrrd ! Exspecially whn im really in2 a guy . :( 
Ahhhh fuck my phone !!!!! It wont let me do shit ! I wanna < PROPMALE > it in the ocean :*( 
hmmmm im home ! yaaaaaay its getting warmer .... soon i can start wearing less to bed ;) 
OMG im soooo late ! i didnt know u can \poke\ " ppl on here ! hahahahaha yall r gunna haaaaaaate me " 
ahhhh im seein pic . s of < PROPFIRST > flanery now ... hes ugly ! but him in the boondock saints was hoooooooot 
:( shit .... must think of something or someone else !!!!! 
yaaaaay i get out early today ! and im off tomorrow !!! 
haha < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > said pussy !!!! 
i still have an hour ..... im bored . hurry up time so i can get work over with !! 
Off to work 
Hmm 5 more hours . Hopfully less ;) 
I have two free tickets to see \hall pass\ " w/owen < PROPMALE > . Who should i take w/me ? " 
Btw my cell phone is being a lil bitch and wont send txts . And im pretty sure its not takin any 
Ahhhh we r sooooo slow ! e which is a good thing . I get 2 leave early :) 
yaaaay im off ! time to change 
Im starving ! Hurry up pizza ! Damn ! 
Grrrrr :( 
* sigh * long day ..... my bed is lookin nice ! 
Morning bitches :P 
RIP japans earthquake and tsumani victims . :( such wasted life :/ 
Oooo our plum tree is blossoming ! 
ugh my brother is being a lil bitch ! i wonder if my parents will figure out its was me if i slowly fill his room with CO2 while hes sleeping tonite :P ahhh wishful thinking 
....................... :*( :*( :*( :*( 
im jumping in the shower 
Hmmm i want ....... A guy 2 flirt with ... and possibly more ;) 
Ugh ! I can never win w/ this light ! I go 1 way its red . I go the other wy its red . Same variables 2 ! grrr 
Hates it when old ppl drive nice cars 
Jst saw a new camero gettin towed !!!! Hahahahahahahah 
Thats it ! Im done ! < PROPMALE > can go fuck a duck ! I am never going back out with him ! He is lying 2 everyone ! Including me ! Ugh there is NO love anymore ! 
Omg i have hidden tons of posts from < PROPFEMALE > s i like . And i still have a full < PROPFEMALE > of nothin but music and tv shows shit ! 
Awwww some < PROPFEMALE > romantic shit is cute ! Its the little things that r the sweetest 
Ewww creppy ! Old ppl foreplay ! 
Its friday , im freshly fed . Whats good in VB tonight ? 
Haha i jst had an image of my dad shootin off an AK w/his cowboy boots on . 
I have a question ! If ne1 knows how 2 draw roses , i need a drawing of a tattoo i want . I will pay ya ! 
I loooove scratch n sniff ! 
* sigh * im goin to bed .... early as shit for me too ! 
So this is what 8am looks like !!! 
Haha i got pulled over lastnight cuz of a tail light ! And i apparently swerved a lil . Lil biotch ! 
Hahaha blue cheese < PROPMALE > ! 
:( :( i wanna go 2 Ireland !!!!! Damn maybe i can make it there b4 work ! 
* sigh * chillin and watchin tv .......... I need a day job :/ 
these new mini wheats rock !!!! 
Yaay for cig breaks ! A hour and a half after getting here :) 
Work is boring atm : Ö 
* inhale deeply * ahhhhhh 
no man , maybe 3 friends , and a shitty ass job . ha im smart arnt i ? 
It isnt fair ! He gets 2 start out fresh . I have 2 pick up the tear covered peices ....... 
Lifes a bitch , then you die . So fuck the world , and lets get high . 
ugh im bored :( what to do before work @ 2 ? 
is starting her daily exercise regiment !!!! by the summer her body will be bangin !!!! 
Note to self : get the love guru soundtrack . i looove the song they sing during the guitar scene 
Is gunna be in a baaaaad mood aaaaallllll week ..... sry if i snap ¡ neone . 
Ahh i give it 2 the gay one for cheerin me up :) 
Why is it that my phone stops doin shit after 5pm ? Are they workin on the network when people use it the most ? 
\shimmy shimmy cocoa puff ..... \ " haha thats all i can remember of the song ! I dont even know how or why im thinkin of it .... mmmmm cocoa puffs :) " 
:( time needs to hurry up ! 
Yaaaay im gettin out ...... 10 mins early ! Wait i have nothin to do when i get home ...... grrrr 
Road block on dam neck . Btwn corp . Landing and harpers . 
ha dont lie ! yall know you like the beast in my picture :P 
Grrrrr i just spent almot 2 hours tryin to sleep ! Why cant i sleep !?!? : *ä 
Ugh i have to work a 10 hr shift on 5 hrs of sleep ... yaaaaaay me ! 
<---- feels sooooooo good ! im 122lbs !!!!! i havent been that since ....... middle school ? 
< PROPFIRST > sandler on conan tonight ! sweet 
noooooooooo my mom just left for the week ! im here w/my bro ..... ugh 
Im too sexy for my shirt . Too sexy for my shirt . Too sexy it huuurts ! 
Omg ! Sum old guy saw me on my phone while havin a cig and asked if im sexting !!!!! Rofl ima die ! 
Four hours down ! 6 to go .... FUCK !!!! 
Hey people ! Im bored ! Come up to the vb fazolis ! 
:( 3 more hours ! Hurry the fuck up !!!!! 
Ha im off work bitches ! 
Well im off work and nothing to do until i get tired . So im gunna have a glass or 2 of my disaronno 
wow small world . people that i know dont know eachother have the same friends .... ha cool 
awww yaaay i just got to talk to my daddy on the phone !!!! he wants me 2 ask out the guy i like ! 
haha im drunk ! i havent been like this < PROPFEMALE > while . wow i can still type ... not drunk enuf 
...... feelin niiiiice still perfer pot ... but close enuff 
ah im glad im off tomorrow ! its been the loooooongest day in da world ! 
hmmmm feelin good and happy 
WTF is with the tv and some channels being frozen . im tryin to watch tv here !!! 
:( i miss my parents already . wish they took my brother . then i'd have the house 2 myself :P 
goodnite bitches ! 
well im out biotches ! txt me if ya want my # is on my profile !!!! 
Ugh ! I need to eat ..... And a nap ! 
ahhhh time for a nap ... and im remembering to turn my ringer off !!!! hahaha 
Alright people ! whats good in the vb tonight ? Im lookin to party and have fun !!!! 
Ha im weak ! I just saw an old camero beat the fuck outta a new mustang !!!!!! Thats sick ! 
Hmmmm 
ugh ! tuesday nights are soooooooo boring ! 
ugh y is it always ugly guys i see kissin !!!!? 
yaaay for 96x live !!! 
Just chillin outside watchin the clouds roll by 
rockin out to 96x .... generally bored 
hmmmm im feelin \randy\ " baby :P " 
haha just had a staring contest with a squirrell ! i lost :( 
ugh i need a workout partner . this sux !!! 
Grrr if ur older than 65 u shouldnt drive !!!!! 
ugh today is a shitty day :( and theres no1 to chill with b4 work :( :( 
ugh what to do < PROPFEMALE > shitty day :/ 
ha i looove 96x live ! atleast i can see the name of the artist and title of the song . they dont like to say who it is on the radio . 
Ima cry !!!! Sick camero :( I want 1 !!!!!! 
How the fuck can u drive a nice ass challenger and b handicaped !? Ha and i got the challenger and charger confused lastnight !!! 
Oh boy ! Off to work now . 
Hahahahahahhahahahahha 
Omg ! This weekend is gunna be sooooo fun ! Cant wait !!! ( sarcasm ) 
:O i have had 2 meals today ! 
Wtf is a honda ganley ? In necase ..... Its cute 
hmmmm tonight seems to be another disaronno night ;) 
* sigh * this sux 
..... im soooooo bored 
happy st patricks day everyone ! i have to work all day so i dont get to celebrate it . \ 
:( :( 
hmmm anyone wanna take my ten hour shift today ? i'll buy u some alcohol ... or pot ... wutever ur preferrence ;) 
poor japan :( my heart goes out to everyone on that side of the world 
* sigh * time for work 
I looove st patties day ! Looove the < PROPFEMALE > ! Looove their men and their accent ;) 
Hmmm 3 hrs down ! 7.5 to go ! Then im off tomorrow !! 
Where the < PROPFEMALE > bars in vb at ?! 
Guess whos goin to Mopar Madness ?! \ 
This bitch !!! Hahahahahah 
5 down ! 5.5 to go ! \ 
Yes im countin down .... get ovr it ! 
Sweeeeet tomorrow is suppose to be in the 70s ! 
Hmmm i could definately go for some < PROPFEMALE > in me tonight . ;) 
Tonight is the night that shows people how their social life is ...... mine sux ! 
* sigh * its one of my favorite holidays and im @ home ..... with no irishman 2 keep me company :( :( :( 
* giggles * needs sum < PROPFEMALE > in her ! 
well good morning everyone ! i hear today is suppose to be in the 70s !!!!!!! ROCK ON !!!!!! 
ahhh today is gunna be a good day ) 
ha i have go go shopping and get new cloths .! even the skinny jeans i got this xmas are too big now :/ 
Its such a wonderful day ! 
Oh shit ! I found a dollar 
Well omw to pick up my mom from the airport . Hope i dont get lost ! Haha 
today is soooo beautiful out ! i dont really wanna stay indoors 
Damn y is every1 in a bad mood today ? its friday cheer up ppl !!!! 
Its soooo nice out ! Ima get in my car and jst drive around the city 
Omg ! It took ¤50 to fill my tank 
* sigh * theres good days . then theres the bad days . 
Omg ! Leave my ass alone ! I fucking HATE YOU !!!!!!!!!!! 
Life sucks monkey balls 
@least when i get transfered to greenbriar , i wont hav 2 deal with getting stuck on frontline by myself ! 
Every1 that reads this should look ¡ the < PROPFEMALE > ! Its the biggest its gunna b for another 200yrs . 
Shoulda been a 70s baby . I looooove the music and 70s nite on 92.9 fm . 
To think and to be fully alive are the same . \ 
\ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Arendt 
TODAY IS THE LAST DAY THE FAZOLIS AT LYNNHAVEN WILL BE OPEN FOR BUISNESS ! YALL MIGHT WANNA MAKE A VISIT TODAY !!!!!! 
I'm diggin all the new artists comin out the woodworks !!! 
yaaay my mom picked me up some cds ! now i can burn the songs i like . buying cds of artists is stupid . most people only like a few songs on em . 
Ugh i cant get eminem- like the way u lie outta my head ! 
Bad girl ! Talkin bout a bad , bad girl ! Hehe 
well .... today was horrible and i know tomorrow isnt gunna be any better .... 
* sigh * im tired of puttin < PROPFEMALE > smile . every1 needs to stfu bout tellin me too . its fuckin annoying 
hmmm lets see . i had a dream the man i liked asked me out ; i wake up to the first thunderstorm of the season ; aaaaands theres an old < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > movie on fx !!!! 
well off to my first day at the greenbriar location . 
Eh not bad wrkin here . Lil different . Nt sure if thats good or bad yet ...... 6 more hrs 
Omg ! This place sux ! Time 2 find a new job ! Cant wait till im off in 4hrs 
Sweet ! Another thunderstorm ! 
mmmm reheated fries before bed 
ugh ! hopefully this shit stops now . 
well im off tomorrow ..... what trouble can i get into ??? 
why is it so cold out :( 
hmmmm im single and off today . what trouble could i possibly get into ? :) 
Cant touch this ! Biotch ! 
Mmmm i want taco bell . \ 
* < PROPMALE > moment * 
Goin home to chill for a bit :) 
mmmm kfc sounds good as hell ! 
ha ive been home for less than a hour and im already bored 
Ooooooo its raining !!!! theres nothin better than standing outside when its raining and lettin it hit my face . 
hmmmm sum1 give me sumthin 2 do today before work !!!! 
Ogm ! Y am i seeing cameros , firebirds , and trans ams alllll ovr the city !? They taunting me :( 
Rofl ! Sausage fest and only one is attractive !!! This stinks 
damn cockblockers !!!! 
Omw home from work ! 30min drive ahead of me 
Sticks and stones may break my bones . But whips and chains excite me ! 
* sigh * cant have everything you want in life ....... 
Its a boring ass friday ! Hopefully tonight will be much better . 
Omg ! On food network channel 68 they makin penis cookies ! And the old bitch said its a fun activity to do with the kids ! 
hmmmmm jst updating my cd collection ;) 
i need something to do !!!! my brother wont stop bothering me !!!!!!!! 
ok so im hella bored and getting irritated cuz of my brother .... so ima be a loser and drive around the city , after i finish burning a few cds . txt or call me !! 
Its friday ! Someone better have something fun to do tonight !!! 
Ha alright ! Leaving for my joyride !! 
Temtation is good\ 
only if your having fun 
Ha im weak ovr this song ! \i love college\ " dnt remember the artist " 
Sexiness is in the eye of the beholder . \ 
And baby , from what im beholding , you are beyond sexy ! 
Chill night ....... but , damn ! Do something !!! 
hmmm boring ass saturday morning 
im getting really pissed off at my internet connection !!!!! 
omg im effin bored !!!!!!! crappy saturday so far ..... 
Stop teasing ! Its not vry nice :( 
Rofl \hows the smallies ? \ " wants 2 watch the rocker now !!!!!! " 
Awww :( y do i always catch Man of the House in the middle ? 
Im need a day job ! :( 
Sweet ! Im done working ! Ima get outta these clothes and drive home . 
i loooove music ......... screw tv and its bad influences ;) 
today is cold , rainy , and depressing . :-( 
Ugh boring day :( 
mmmmmm hot wings !! 
:( its cold tonight 
ugh u can be beyond confusing sometimes !!!!! 
ugh ! i am up waaaaaay too early !!!!! already wants a nap . 
hmmm well im off 
Omg really ?! U cant wait less than 1 year ? 
Get outta here with that shit ! Your all talk ...... next taker please . 
Ugh im pooped . shoulda took a nap earlier . Too tired . dont wanna drive the 30mins 2 get home tonight . 
* sigh * men need to be more open with their feelings towards someone they like . 
hmmmmmm i have finally decided that i am ready to date . :) come get me ! :P 
time to give < PROPFEMALE > a bath !!!!! this will be fun ...... and im gunna get soaked 
huh only took 30mins to wash 2 doggies ..... 
:O i could have a singing career if i quit smokin ciggies ..... :( do i have 2 ? 
In honor of NY Yankees Opening Day Thursday ... put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Red Sox Fan . Being a Red Sox Fan is a real disorder and should be taken very seriously . There is still no known cure for Sox Fan and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of Yankee fans will repost this , simply because we know how to copy and paste , as well as tie our shoes and WIN ! 
I hate rainy days . they are soooooo depressing !!! 
hmmmm what is there to do today before work at 5 ? 
OMG my old dog just scared the shit outta me ! i couldnt tell if he was breathing . so i called him name and his tail started to wag ....... fucker almost gave me a heartattack . 
Needs a gps system : Ö 
OMG my tooth is killing me . i need to get health insurance soon . 
Yaaay work time 
i want to do something reckless and dangerous . 
Well ...... fuck me running 
People suck ! 
Dont know wtf a tiburon is but its a nice car 
OMG the people from jersey shore need to fall into a hole and get buried . 
hmmm another day off 
is bout ready to work everyday of the week . days off suck and are lonley and boring . 
Yaaaay its the sun 
Happy April Fools everyone ! Wish I could prank all of yall ! But the few i can will work . <>;->> 
Scratch N Sniff 
Car show at Landstown Commons ! Im going . Who else is ? 
On my way to the car show ! Haha all my mom said was that there are cool cars and id like them . Hmmm i trust her cuz she loves the firebird too ! 
Ahhh off work . Now time for the 30min drive back home . 
Why can't life be easier ? 
When life gives you lemons , make a banana smoothie . 
haha early night tonight at work !!! i\ll be out @ 10 . " 
A lot of cycles out today . Makes me jealous :( 
hmm im off today ! and its wonderful out !!!!! feels sooooo sorry for everyone not working outside 
ugh theres this song i liked a while ago . its a chick and the video was shot in an ice house . the song was bout pleasuring herself ... help me figure out the chicks name !! 
Hatchetman on a tow truck !! Whoop whoop 
Omg I'm old ! My knees pop and ache all the time ! 
Having an exciting day today ! Hope it continues ! 
There is nothing to do in VB !!! 
\no man stands so tall as when he stoops to help a child . \ " My favorite quote and bumper sticker so far in my life . " 
sooo tired . got woken up by the rain cuz i left my window cracked . 
Yoohoo sound delicious right now ! 
Woot for old guys paying for my drink !!!! 
Sweet ! < PROPMALE > Payne on ch . 16 ¡ 8pm tonight ! 
:( misses driving manuals 
how is it i have no bras that work well with low cut shirts !!! 
Hate neighboorhoods with skinny roads !! And huge trucks ! Ugh ! 
96x is always in sync with my mood 
First thing to do when getting rid of racisim , is to get rid of these stupid dating and match finding companies for specific races . 
Alright time to move all the citizens in Japan off of the island ! 
Ooooo cobra svt sounds sick 
Hahahahaha i get to leave from work early tonight !! 
Sweet off now ! Idk what to do with myself . 
my dad has a really good idea !!!!! classical it is tonight !!! 
i miss playing my violin . i think im gunna start up playing again . maybe even pay for private lessons . 
omg my laptop sux !!! 
what a depressing and miserable day . and its only 1:15 
Grrrr 2 fuckin burns on the same hand ! 
Scratch n sniff ! 
life is very lonely when you've been in a relationship for 8 yrs . and you're around the person everyday . then suddenly , your alone . everyday and all night . 
Life is too short and moves by too quickly to be wasting time on emotions . 
Mmmm Nissans sky turbo 
\Do you take drugs Danny ? \ " \ 
Never seen caddyshack before . LOVE IT ! Im weak over Dangerfields golf bag ! 
You know what makes the night go by at work ? Having \tighten up\ " by The Black Keys stuck in your head . " 
Is slowly committing suicide .... \ 
One puff at a time . :) 
ahhhhh i need to get laid or somthing ... this is outragous 
TO : my sweet little pisces\ 
ITS ON !!!!! 
ahhhh finished my book . time to sleep !!! 
ugh ! why couldnt i sleep later than 830 ?! 
Why is he doing this ??? i dont want a birthday gift from you ! i never even considered getting you one !!!!! 
hmmmm work time !!!! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is doing a concert for the USO at chesepeake city park from 2 to 11 . i wonder if we will get busy before hand . 
Ahh road rage at its best 
Ok it got real boring !! 
What !!!? Out early !.... Way early 
American muscle beats import any and everyday bitches ! 
I wanna watch P.C.U. I love that movie ! 
I am sooooooo weak over Due Date . 
Dad , your like a father to me . \ 
Grrrrr :-( 
wishes pain medication worked instantly :-( 
IN OTHER WORDS ...... NO ATTRACTION 
\Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? \ 
I need a nap :-( 
* sigh * im gunna take a nap 
such an awsome night . would loooove to go to the beach . but noone to go with :( 
Godsmack aznd disturbed in concert this may !!! 
Its gorgeous at the beach ! 
Well the day sucked , but the night was nice . 
* giggles * i loooove bubble wrap !! 
Yaaay for good music stuck in my head ! 
Noooo i wanna go to the beach again tonight ! The t-storm better happen before 8 or after 11 tonight ! 
I wanna go to the beach again !!!!! It was soooo nice last night . 
My dad can beat up you dad ! 
i cant wait till the summer !!!! 
hmmmm what to do before work today ? 
yaaaay for my big brothers !!!!! not my real one , ick . 
Omg people can be such assholes ! I need a personal driver . My road rage is gettin violent . 
Im wearing shorts today ! :O mens shorts hahahahahahaha 
Exactly 2 weeks until my birthday !!! And Im on vacation for the whole week ! Wish i had the $$ to go to N.C. :-( 
Hahahahahahaha some old guy just lectured me on smoking cigs ! And im working ! 
Ugh im out early again !!! 
ok im done with country and oldies .... ima listen to 96x now 
ahhhhhh theres a 7am ???? have a meeting at work i hafta attend soon . 
Hahahahaha just saw a sheriff on work detail pokin roadkill with a stick ! 
hahaha im late as hell but i just did my taxes !!! now for other bills ... grrr 
UGH i cant wait until i can get the F out of this house !!!!!!! 
Damnit ! Its suppose to rain on my birthday ! 
Is ready for a nap 
I just realized that everything I am wearing is tied into eachother . Right down to my laces matching the words on my shirt . 
wish everyone would just leave me the hell alone today !! 
I LOVE THE BLACK KEYS !!!! they're awsome :) 
Sweet ! The week of my birthday is suppose to be < PROPFEMALE > and high 70s ! Then my birthday is suppose to be in the 80s ! Tanning and beaches alllllllllll week ! Cant wait :) 
< PROPFIRST > Springer is a show for the freaks in this country . But I'd be damned if it ain't a funny as hell ! 
Why am i so thirsty today !?!? 
Ahhhhh people keep coming !!! 
Wow people ! Just wow ! 
Oh what a night ! ;) 
:-) cant help but to sing to songs i like . get over it bitches !!!! 
Kids with special needs aren't weird or odd . They only want what everyone wants ... to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week & Autism Awareness Month , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it . 
:-( the bracelet i want costs $3500 ! Wtf expensive ass shit ! 
Ahhh i like gem shows . All i need now is a man to buy me the jewlery i liked . ;-p 
Yummmm Thai food !!! 
Hopes the storm gets bad :) 
Nooooooo ! Come back storm ! Come back ! :( 
Finally ! Friends i can chill with after work that dont have a 11pm bedtime . 
Im tellin ya , the VB cops are gettin hotter ! 
being single sucks when you barely have a social life :( 
< PROPMALE > Carrey is my dude ! 
mmmmm whopper jr and the fries are addicting !!! 
Hehe detour to follow camero rs :-) 
\life's a bitch 
hmmmmm im in love ..... with music ! :-) 
Is in the prime of her life !!!! 
hmmm im listening to duffy - mercy on 96x . i like it !!! oh well time for work ! yall r welcome to txt me . its gunna be boring today . 
My mama didnt raise no fool ! 
So daddy and i are allergic to wasps and bees . When i came downstairs daddy was tryin to kill a wasp that was invincible . He ended up catching the lil fucker . And instead of letting it go outside , he put it in the garbage disposal !! i love my daddy ! He is too funny sometimes . :-) 
I wanna go to Ashville ! I miss the mountains and the waterfalls and hiking for < PROPMALE > in the < PROPMALE > ! 
Tell me why i smell a ciggy and my stomach growls ! Haha couldnt have anything to do with me not eating today could it ? 
im sooooo tired ! i think ima take a nap after work before chillin with people . 
I need a man that makes me laugh . One thats atleast as smart as me , and as sarcastic . One thats not afraid to tell me what hes feeling or whats on his mind . One that has the same tastes in music and tv/movies . Thats what Im lookin for . :-) 
Hmmmm i think everyone should \pay it forward \"" 
I wanna go to the beach !!! Who wants to go with me !??! 
So ...... bout to head to the beach with < PROPFEMALE > Clemons , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Hit me up , if you wanna meet up ! 
Is starving ! 
mmmmm im finally eating :-) 
Dont any of you dare call me before 10am ! Im sleepin in ! 
HAPPY 4-20 EVERYONE !!!!! 
Hmmmm cake is my favorite band of all time ! 
Poor Texas ! All those wildfires . Worst ever ! My heart goes out to everything living thats dying . :-( 
Shit ! My tire poped and i dont have the $$ to get a new one . Too many bills this check ! Grrrr driving around with a effin spare !! 
Ugh ! Im in such a effin mood now ! Was feeling awsome :\\ 
Ugh ! :-( 
Ugh ! Im still so pissed ! Good news is im goin 2 chinese with my parents ! And , despite my protests my parents are frontin me the ¤¤ to get my car into the shop . 
Ahhh i looooove crab legs ! The ones at red city were soooo sweet tasting today :) 
96x is always in sync with my moods ! 
A 15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son ; people call her a slut . But no one knows she was raped at 13 . People call a girl fat ; no one knows she has a serious disease that causes her to be overweight . People call an old man ugly ; no one knows he had a serious injury to his face while serving our country in Vietnam . Re-post this if your against bullying and stereotyping !!!! 
hmmmm im stuck at home with no car right now . and something is pinched in my back and it huuuuuurts :-( 
ugh i gotta get out of this lazy mood 
yaaaay i got my car back !!!! and its running awsome !!!!! 
nap time :) will be lookin to chill after !!! fore warning to all 
Ahhh i really need my back poped ! 
Mmmm good food !! My friend can seriously cook ! 
Is soooo happy ! Car sounds and feels healthy again ! The mechanic said that its a well taken care of car and that its gunna last a while ! So long bad car juju ! 
OMG ! Fishing shows are booooooring ! 
I hate my laptop ! I hate my laptop ! I hate my laptop ! 
Im tired of hearing and seeing people complain about whatever president we have . Yall voted for them ! Dont like your choices ? Run for yourself ! Nothin is gunna change if you people just bitch the entire time ! 
The man i am attracted to is too insecure to do shit . So im lookin for a new guy to distract me :) 
Two hours down , 7.5 to go :( it needs to get busy so time passes quicker . 
Ahhh time is takin too long !!! 
Alright ! Whos thinkin bout me ? My ear is itchin more than a heroin addict goin through withdrawls 
Either rain or dont ! This 5 minutes btwn drops is annoying ! 
Yaaay 1 hour left ! Hmmmm anyone wanna chill after i get off ? Hit me up ! 
i need to eat before bed ..... oatmeal !!!!! 
effing computer ! i will have my revenge !! 
...... eff you !!!! 
Yaaay ! Two more nights of work then Im off for seven days . :-) 
Coyote Ugly is my shit ! Sing on hunny ! 
Sooooo slooooooow at work . :-{ 
Stupid questions asked at fazolis : \ 
1 : what is the difference between the single slice and double slice of pizza ? \ 
2 : do you have < PROPMALE > . and cheese ? \ 
3 : Wheres you tacos on the menu ? ( my favorite ) \ 
4 : do you have anything without black pepper ? 
O . M . G . I effin hate people ! Yall can go eff yourselves !!! Im done 
Have work tonight then Im off for a week !! And my birthday is this Wednsday ! Yaaaay 
mmmmm my moms cookin lamb for Easter lunch !!!! hurry up im huuuuunnnnnngry ! 
omg !!! i was just in lamb heaven !!!!!! 
Omg ! Someone with Va plates has a bumper sticker that says northeners do it best ! I yelled at him to go back to the north then . 
Work is slow today :( Im gettin massively bored ! \ 
Oooo big , descriptive word ! :o thats two !! Im on a roll ! 
Tonight would be perfect to go to the beach ! Too bad i wont get home till 11 . And that i dont have anyone to go with ! :-( 
Im free !!!!!!! But the men hafta pay ! \ 
Hahahahaha 
sweet ! im off all this week ! half of you bitches are gunna be chillin with me !!! 
96x likes to play Tighten up by the Black Keys . \ 
Hey ! i never said that wasnt totally AWSOME !!!!!! 
today starts the first day of my vacation . im so excited ! what trouble can i get into this week ? anyone have suggestions ? 
:O could it be ? Im wearin shorts again ! Too bad they are mens shorts . My legs are lookin good ! And they gettin < PROPMALE > . 
Got some pretty new shorts thx to < PROPFEMALE > ! We goin to the beach now ! 
At the beach ! And lovin it ! 
ahhhh nap time !!! then out for a drink with my dad ! then maybe scoop up some friends and go to the beach again !!!! 
july 28th sublime and 311 @ vb ampitheatre !!!!! im gettin me tickets as soon as they on sale !!!!!! 
leaving to go have a drink with my dad ...... its early .... 
At awful arthurs ! Eating some crab legs ! 
My Top Profile Viewers : \ 
< PROPFIRST > Smith - 1136 views \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Schley - 983 views \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Boch - 542 views \ 
Krazie Cee - 300 views \ 
See who views your profile @ http://www.facebook.com/pages/See-who-viewed-your-profile/162571653801912?sk=app_190322544333196&4360 
ahhh to the beach again !!! meet me there !!! 
At the beach with 2 couples . :( 
Grrrr why does my laptop have to cause me problems ! 
Feels like crap today 
Ahhhhh i hate other drivers !!! 
Still feel like crap . Nap time i think . 
Yaaay just heard thunder ! 
Omg im starving ! Hurry up roast beef !! 
I better not be getting sick ! 
Just because there is a cop next to you doesnt mean you have to go slower than them ! Exspecialy when they , themselves , are going slower than the speed limit !!!! 
Bitch is literally wearing my hat !!!!!! 
Commercials are getting outragous ! 
Going out to breakfast with my parents and my dads team . They are leaving today . I :-( 
Havin a good time with my parents and my dads team ! Im gunna cry when they leave today :-( 
:-( taking my dad to the airport in a few . Im sooo sad . : *-( 
OMG they delayed the flight because of rain ! Its < PROPFEMALE > ! And Theres maybe a small band or rain in the flight path ! Pussies ! Like they Cant fly in it ! 
Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
My new weapons will be : rossi trail judge and the rhino 20ds revolver . They're sick ! 
Dear Non-Pet Owners\ 
who visit our homes and complain\ 
about our pets . 1 . They live here , you\ 
don't . 2 . If you don't want their hair\ 
on your clothes , stay off the\ 
furniture . This is why it's called \fur \"- \ 
So i had an 8yr old girl push a 3yr old boy off my lap cuz she Didnt want to share it ! Why do kids love me so ? 
Thank you to everyone who sent me birthday wishes ! \ 
Unfortunately , my birthday sucked monkey balls . :-( 
Ahhhh i need a new wardrob ! 
Tornado watch for the seven cities until 3pm ! Be safe everyone ! Remember what they teach us in school . 
Blowing bubbles with kittens inside ! \ 
I love Dairy < PROPFEMALE>'s commercials !!! 
Boring day :-( 
Ugh ! Fuckin A ! I cant even take a fuckin nap ! I have 2 take my fuckin brother to an appointment . That hes late for ! 
Tornado watch extended to 9pm for the seven cities . Nice lil band of storms coming our way i think . 
Looooves thunderstorms ! 
What with txt messages and my fuckin brother not leavin my dog downstairs i couldnt fuckin take a nap . Thx assholes . 
Im goin for a drive . Everyone wants to piss me off this week . 
At a freinds house , calming my nerves and cheering up . Luv ya guys ! 
Sooooo wanna see FAST FIVE 
Hmmmm reading a psychology book i still have from college . Never stop learning ;-) 
I might as well lay in my bed until i fall asleep . 
Well today is goin to be fun ! Blech 
I want my laptop back !!!!!! 
Bored out my mind ! I shouldn't have taken my vacation . 
Apparently its too much to ask for one day without stress or general annoyances . Whether its finances , the car , or other people . I cant seem to get away . 
Locked in my room with music blaring , readin my psychology book again . Just avoiding people 
Awww i like See No Evil ! Its on syfy right now ! But im bout to take a nap . 
My brother is such an asshole . My mom orders 1 large pizza . Half was for him half was for us . He takes the biggest slice of our side , not his . Then takes like half the cheese sticks ! And complety ignores his wings ! Ugh ungrateful , selfish , lil peice of fish turd . 
Ahhh wheres the pause button ! 
Going for a drive again . Cant stand being in once place and bored 
Rofl and i quote \i dont wanna wear granny panties . \"" 
Ocean lakes alumni\ 
i just realized where coach < PROPMALE > got his \i am somebody\ " speech ! From the movie booty call with < PROPFIRST > foxx and vivica foxx . Hahahahahaha " 
Scratch N Sniff is on the ball tonight ! \ 
Cage the elephant remix . Then sublime remix . Now the black keys remix . \ 
Sweet ! 
Seriously geekin over the music right now ! Wish i heard scratch n sniff from the beginning 
Ugh ! Y do i get cramps in the morning while im sleepin ?! Its annoying waking up to pain . :/ 
Well the pain is finally gone . Time the mow the lawn and to figure out how 2 work a weedwacker ! 
Eww i need a shower now 
This whole week pretty much sucked ! Worst vacation ever . :*( 
Really wants a personal driver ! ( cant spell the title so .... ) my road rage is horrific ! Not to mention the stupid ass people the dmv deem worthy of a license . 
Ok that makes 4 times i have seen the same < PROPFEMALE > , metallic blue trans am ! Not to mention the other 6 or 7 ive seen around the city today ! Where my firebirds !? 
YAAAY i got my laptop back !!!! 
apple juice is addicting 
OMG dreams suck !!!!! :( wishful thinking and all that 
do i wanna go to the beach today ? \ 
do i wanna dress sexy ? \ 
who am i chillin with today ? \ 
hmmmm so many questions for the day . 
oh how bored i am !!!!! tryin 2 find something to do ; people to chill with ; animals to slaughter .... you know , the usual :P 
miss driving stick soooo much im gunna drive daddys F-150 today !!! 
Learning < PROPMALE > is just like learning how to ride a bike . Its annoying at first , then awsome once you get it down . You never forget how < PROPFEMALE > drive ! love < PROPMALE > s ! 
Just wanna drive the truck allll day long ! But i dont have the cash to fill that behemouth of a tank . 
Im gettin hungry ! And im ready for a nap . :-( 
Im effin starving ! Hurry up ! 
mmmmm meatball sub 
Hahahahaha * GROWL * 
Now i want some grapes : -Ö 
boring night !!!!!! 
WHOOP WHOPP osama is finally dead !!!! took them what 9 , 10 years ? 
eh speech over . back to music 
what a great way to wake up and start the day !!!!!!! thanks guys :-/ 
hmm drive the truck to work today ? i think so !!!! yaaay manuals !!!! 
damn vacations over ..... back to work :-( 
Hear the ppl that capped bin laden were from oceana ! Way < PROPFEMALE > go guy ! Thats how vb does it ! :p \ 
anywayz s < PROPFEMALE > yin at wrok for a few extra hours than scheduled . Fun ! 
Bored at work now !! 
Hurry up time ! Work is slow and i wanna leave ! 
Yaay free ! 
Bout to take daddys truck all week ! Ugh i missed drivin stick ! 
Go yankees ! I hate 2 say it cuz i love the animal but , beat the crap outta the tigers ! 
Has soooo much fun drivin the truck . Might say eff the baseball game and go for a ride ! 
ok im going for a ride just wanna say ...... GO YANKEES 
awwwwww :-( < PROPFIRST > heard me pull up in the truck and thought it was daddy . then he whinned for 5 minutes until i gave him a treat . he already misses you daddy !!!! 
ahhh bordom !!!! 
im sooooo bored right now :-/ 
i opened a pack of cigarretts last night and im down to 2 . if you think about it , its like im smoking 1 a hour . but i was sleeping for half !!!! i need to cut back drastically . which reminds me , i need cigarretts and gas ; and while im out i should get a cup of coffee . looooove wawa coffee ! eff starbucks and their expensive asses ! 
Goin to the beach soon ! And < PROPFEMALE > gave me a bikini that dont fit her ! Hahahaha i finally realized how hott im lookin now ! 
At the beach ! Lil chilly but im still gunna lay out . Maybe even jump in the water . >:-) 
Damn jets are ruining my beach experience :-/ 
Thats gay ! The DQ at the beach only serves vanilla ice cream 
ahhhh home ...... nap ??? too late in the day i think ..... :-( 
no one to chill with tonight ...... ima take a nap then read somemore ..... 
ugh 
too bored at home . goin for a joy ride !!!! 
Rockin my high school look ! < PROPFIRST > shorts under plaid pj pants ! 
As a good friend of mine says .... \ 
YEAH < PROPMALE > ! 
hmmmm Morning ! 
booooooorrrrrrrring 
UGH !!!!! ANGER !!! 
ugh im soooo effin pissed now !!!!! im leaving the house for a while 
nap time !!!!! hmmmm gunna turn the radio on ...... 96x rocks !! 
I ask that all legal gun owners put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you believe in the 2nd Amendment , and you are not afraid to show it , repost this !!! ... I hope to see this re-posted by a lot of my friends . Remember , if we outlaw guns , then only outlaws will have guns ** 
well i tried 
im starving ! 
how can he be doin better than me .....? 
..... if you have nothing nice to say , DONT COMMENT 
........... sigh 
yeah ........... life 
Just gunna lay in bed until i fall asleep 
for the first time since i was in school , i fell asleep befor 1130pm and woke up at 730 am . 
