I hate when stupid people add me . 

This thing you call , \facebook\ " is too complicated . " 
I feel like im cheating on myspace , all shes done for me and now im all up on facebook like nothing :( 
Happy Birthday shoutout to ms < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
this summer will be a good one because ill ACTUALLY do the stuff i plan to do instead of sitting at home everyday watching tv reruns . 
Sometimes i wish i COULD say fuck it . it would make this all the easier . 
WTF !? FUCK HACKERS !!! 
gooo'nighttttt 
\You cant go to your past to change the present \"" 
“Life rules , and there’s no room for hate . So if you don’t like me , go punch yourself in the face . \ " , 201 0-0 5-29 22:02:03 " 
Its so nice outside ! I think i might just stay inside ! :DDD 
A : aye .. aye .. AYE ! * waves hand alittle * B : AYE ! I have a fucking NAME ! 
the best way to eat some cereal is through a cup ! (: YUM ( unless the milk drips onto your keyboard , like it just happened to me right now . ) 
A : why do you have so many band tee's ? B : .. I DONT KNOW ! i just have this strange addiction to buying new band tee's . its a real problem .. 
i love seeing people that make me say , \holyshit dude !! i havent seen you in like forever ! what are you doing out here !? \ " (: " 
you should join this group ! :D -i hate facebook groups . 
Dear other music on my ipod , \ 
Im sorry i dont pay enough attention to you , it seems like my playlist take alot of my time and interest and i seem to forget that i have other songs to listen to ! it just seems like they know what im feeling this week ! i hope you understand and ill get back to you . \ 
-Love , your listener . 
is anything going on tomorrow ?! 
my fucking microwave is broken ! how am i supposed to survive now !? 
I need a < PROPFIRST > and some coke , oh YUM ! (: 
not to sound optimistic but its beautiful outside !!! :D 
party at my house !!! :D 
so my family is gone , and i have the house to myself . i think its time for a party . ( : YESS !!! 
blaaahhh !! it smells like rotten beer at my house >_< 
People stay changing their picture like every single day . 
Did new < PROPFEMALE > just win THAT many awards at the VMAs ? 
what am i supposed to do when i have a mosquito bite ? it itches like HELL !! 
2010 hip hop honors was TOO COOL ! i felt like i was stuck between the good old days and the good music of today , ( : 
be careful with what you post , you might just regret it later . 
im 5 seconds away from punching someone in the fucking face . 
:'( today was the last day i got to see ms lin . i told myself i wouldnt cry ! 
“Empty your mind , be formless , shapeless - like water . Now you put water into a cup , it becomes the cup , you put water into a bottle , it becomes the bottle , you put it in a teapot , it becomes the teapot . Now water can flow or it can crash . Be water , my friend . ” 
Its not even WORTH it ! 
How long is this world cup thing ? 
omg .. this cupcake is too good .. ( : 
Its friday and me and my couch don't wanna be together tonight ! Is anything going on ? 
is about to get on xbox live , you people arent READY ! >:D 
Why do most xbox live people sound like 8 year olds ? Doesnt matter because i just OWNED THEM ! [:< 
UGH ! i cant get over the fact my hands smell like ramen ! im gonna scrub for like an hour , lol x ( 
why are so many people online !? lol arent you tired ? 
My room looks like it was hit by a tornado and i don't like . 
i dont think imitation is the highest form of flattery , that shit is just annoying . 
last night this was my status : ow , 99% critical hit . your geodude has fainted . today this is my status : ow , your geodude is healing . 
i hate not being able to fall back asleep ! 
i need new headphones like ASAP . 
cake for breakfast . mmm .. :) 
i want to go to the beach tomorrow . ( : 
Good things happen to those who hustle . 
Today i will listen to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > all day . 
\Family isnt all about whos blood you < PROPFEMALE > but about who you love and who loves you back . \"" 
i hate people that go on bands videos or status just to talk shit . like really ? you have NOTHING better to do with your life but to stalk/follow a band you presumely hate and just talk trash ? thats so sad . 
Fish Listening to Radio . 
Im gonna watch ECLIPSE another 3 times . fuck yes ! 
Fish listening to Radio 
you should tell someone you love them today . you might just make there day complete . 
I got 5 dollars on lesnar getting his ass kicked tonight ! 
\What if I said I loved you would you be the one to run to or would you watch me walk away without a fight ? \"" 
I just had the longest dream about high school and i mean EVERYONE was in it ! 
anyone trying to party this friday ? 
Hey < PROPFIRST > Gracias ! You need to come over and finish cutting my lawn and cleaning my house though . No racial ! 
Hey Hashbrown , id invite you over to kick it but i dont have any beans or tortillas for you to eat ! sorry man ! no racial though ! 
fuck ! tomorrow is gonna suck . 
this is what i get for not reading the fine print . now xbox live is going to 7.99 from me this month ! those bastards ! 
can you do me a favor people , and tell me whats better , pancakes or waffles ? 
To all the kobe haters out there right now . I know you guys probably hate his decision and probably think hes a sellout or some shit like that . What you need to realize is that who CARES ? Hes still playing ball and hes still doing what he wants to do ! Let him make his money and you sit at home and keep talking smack . Its not HIS fault your not the one playing in the nba . stop the hate and appreciate already . 
my head is like pounding . 
I need a big time rush ! 
does anyone know where i can get a copy of my transcript ? 
why am i on so damn late !? 
time to beat some ass on call of duty . (: 
we wait alittle , get paid and then .. DRINKING BASHING TIME ! 
Its grove street out here ! 
And even if you stopped talking to me today , I'll always say that you shine brighter than anyone . 
Oh , its terribly boring today . 
Ugh . I hate not being able to sleep , especially when you know you have alot of shit to do the next day ! 
who knew that a 20 minute setlist could do so much damage ? :/ 
me and my couch need to see other people . 
anyone wanna come help me move this stupid car ? :/ 
Stop hoping , Start believing . 
ahh , man . i need help picking out my fall classes . i just dont know what to take ! 
Being in a relationship doesn't mean not having friends or having your own life . People never learn ! 
is there a quick 12 hour way to get rid of a cold ? a really bad cold . 
I'll never sing of love , if it does not exist . But darling , you are the only exception . 
< PROPFIRST > Canchola is a life saver ! I guess ill be seeing paramore in september ! :D 
got the house to myself all weekend ! yessssss (: 
Too many american fans of musicians are so ingrateful . 
i give my night 2 thumbs up ! we gotta do that again some day . 
Nothing is worse then being retarded inlove . 
When your making waffles , your always going to have to throw out the first one . 
It’s okay to be down sometimes It let’s you know the world isn’t all made up and fake . 
i hate having so many notifications and like 2 or 3 are actually for me . 
We're all 10% image and 90% REAL , its so sad that we only show the world that 10% of ourselves . 
my ears and my headphones are inlove today <3 
you gotta love the family ! (: 
My ipod is hanging on by a single thread . :( 
Does anyone know where i can get a full body bear suit ? This is serious business ! 
you gotta < PROPFEMALE > the time with the ones you love because tomorrow , they could be gone . 
your bad mood puts me in a bad mood . 
fuck yes ! i passed my assessment test with flying colors (: i literally almost hugged my intstructor , lol 
nothing says i missed you like a running bear hug (: 
do i have \come talk to me\ " written on my forehead ? " 
Today was DEFINTLY a good day . :D 
no matter what , im definatly not missing < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs The World ! 
I just wanna sleep . 
Someone just called me from a 666 area code !! WTF !? 
:( i guess im pulling an all nighter tonight . 
Divided we stand . 
Its not what she wants or what he wants , its what you want man ! 
You dont know where you stand until you fall . 
Thats that fucking closed minded shit . 
Have you ever fallen inlove with someone you shouldnt have fallen inlove with ? 
you cant help someone that doesnt want to be helped 
ahhh , the things i do for loveeeee . 
uh .. can someone PLEASE let me use their printer ? :^) 
Can NOONE sleep tonight ? 
No matter how long you slice it , you cant make a three course meal out of a bike . You might as well get on it and ride ! 
Getting even rather than getting over makes you LOOK immature . 
i cant even concentrate on this homework ! 
As strong as we may want to be sometimes we just need a hug and to be told that everything is going to get better . 
\To live is to suffer . \"" 
Man , FUCK my statistics class ! 
Lifes too short be stuck on problems , you gotta say fuck it and have fun ! 
What you cant express , music does for you . 
\when we think we know people inside out and we think we know what's best for them we should try to remember we don't even know what's best for ourselves . ” " 
\Haters shake my hand but i keep the sanitizer on deck \"" 
whats happening tonight ? :D 
haha ! so much for keeping it on the DL . 
alright ! procrastination here i come :D 
There's no use in crying over spilled milk . 
After awhile , not giving a fuck gets so much easier . 
To whoever tried to prank call me , FUCKING FAIL ! 
Is in your extended network 
Sometimes you just gotta stick it out on your own . 
I hate posers with a passion . 
This world gets blinder and blinder everyday . 
Thank god the week is done , I feel like a zombie gone back to life 
I wanna be like < PROPFIRST > knoxville when I grow up ! (: 
If I don't find a job soon , fuck it , I'm gonna be a stripper ! 
It's not your fault that sometimes you just feel like saying fuck you to everyone , it just happens ! 
When the world turns it's back on you , you turn your back on the world ! 
I live my life a quarter mile at a time . Nothing else matters : not the mortgage , not the work , not my team and all their bullshit . For those ten seconds or less , I'm free . 
I wanna do bad things with youuu 
Life isn't that hard , get over it already ! 
Wait , what ? The year is almost over ?! I didn't even notice ! 
Watching Hey < PROPMALE > and The Rugrats with my lady (: oh it feels so niceee 
does anyone have kittens theyre trying to give away ? if it needs a home , i got it ! 
I hate when someone sits next to me and I'm forced to smell their strong ass smelly perfume . Fuckkkkk . 
I wanna get \U UGLY\ " tattooed in my mouth . ( : " 
< PROPFEMALE > is the color of your energy . <3 
Starting tonight , I'm gonna listen to every song on my iPod in shuffle order . I've got 5 done , 1245 left to go ! 
I'm the only one in class who isnt writing a whole < PROPFEMALE > of notes for one slide . I don't careeee ! ( : 
I think it's funny how everyone just decided to become potheads . 
Anyone looking for a studio ? $650 is pretty cheap ! 
Before you start talking about how stupid the people around you are , you should take the time to see how stupid you actually are . 
Why download the office episodes when you can just buy the seasons off me ?! 
I'm gonna end up fatalitying someone today and I'm not gonna give a damn ! 
Man the pho restaurants around Berkeley need to stop being stingy with their fish sauce 
ugh , i hate subtitles on my movies ! 
I swear cats are some grumpy ass animals , i need a dog to come straighten him out ! 
Everytime I hear the name Wiz Khalifa , I think they're say < PROPFEMALE > latifah ! 
Sometimes too many choices gets me too overwhelmed and I end up picking nothing ! 
Like Tupac said , \motherfuckers still balling ! \"" 
Being broke on a < PROPFEMALE > day SUCKS ! 
