Back from Mo-TLC . As always an amazing week 

finished father's day doing one of the things that brings me great joy ... playing basketball 
So my SIM card went belly up and I lost like 50 , maybe 100 , phone < PROPFIRST > . If you would like me to have your number ( and chances are good that I want it ! ) please send me an email or a message to the phone with your number . FYI-my phone number has not ch 
getting ready for the keynoting at Massanetta Springs 
smoking a brisket for my friends the Broussards 
Arrived at the ' Netta hello < PROPFEMALE > and 82 degree highs ! 
tomorrow the < PROPMALE > high kids arrive at the Netta and then we are off and running 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
first week of the netta down . tonight enjoyed a steak and some new friendships 
anybody with the steps to the jtrain energizer . I sure could use them . 
got to play some basketball with the enablers ... ahh sweet basketball 
Got to play BBall with the enablers here at Massanetta . Ahhh sweet basketball . ALso STILL looking for the J Train energizers steps ! 
Week Two Day Two , Redux underway at the ' Netta ! 
today went down the massive slip n slide at Massanetta Springs . Way too much fun ! 
glad to be back in Corpus < PROPFEMALE > and at < PROPMALE > Woods 
Reminding myself that the mercies of the Lord are new every morning 
getting ready for lunch finally 
Its too early to work on the bulletin and too late all at the same time 
noon bible study 
catching up with my friend < PROPFIRST > . life is good 
sometimes the workday of the pastor begins unusually early 
reminded that we are only promised today 
The good news is that I have moved from total ambiguity to < PROPFEMALE > clear ambiguity . 
While I probably shouldn't have eaten such a large ribeye the good news is i wont be anemic for the next 3 months 
finishing up the rough draft of chapter one on youth worship 
Connect and Grow Continuing Education Event is today 
getting ready for worship in the morning 
There and Back Again ... otherwise known as my monthly trip to SA for Committee on Ministry 
It seems God is putting an idea in my head ... dangerous , always dangerous 
so this is wednesday ... hmpf ... looks familiar 
thinking on Ephesians for the sermon and wondering if it is true that when we are angry / upset with our neighbor the obligation to reconciliation is our own alone ? 
just finished seeing the Potter movie . I suspect it is very different seeing it with theological eyes 
so it finally happened Starbucks convinced me to impulse buy a music CD : Big Whiskey and Groo Grux < PROPMALE > . How could I say no to DMB ? 
just got my set of < PROPMALE>'s Commentaries complete with spiffy 500TH anniversary seal on the spine ! 
Pondering if I should expand the lectionary passage for this Sunday to include Ephesians 5:22 -33 
sermonizing ... or rather putting it off :-) 
alright sermon done . let the normal pre-sunday anxiety begin 
in enjoying the post bball sweat , but not sure which salt is from me and which is from the ocean . Oh and today chalk up jellyfish sting off the experiences board . 
thinking about organizational structure and wondering why 
Today : Prep for the big Church BBQ tomorrow 
trying to finish up newsletter stuff today 
Count it all joys when trials come our way . So says < PROPFIRST > but tested faith is a difficult thing ancient brother in the faith ! 
grateful for the opportunity to have spoken at the < PROPMALE > Hills Presbyterian Church Men's Retreat at Covered Gate Ranch 
Knows Tuesday will be a good day 
we shall say NI again if you do not appease us 
Thursday and the whirlwind begins again . I need more coffee ! 
hey y'all be safe and have fun during this unofficial last weekend of Summer 
Gig em Aggies 
High School opening night ? Done ! College Football Opening Day ? Done ! And tonight the final kick-off of the season ! Football is back < PROPFEMALE > 
Thank the Lord that his will finally included rain , rain , and more rain for us here in Corpus 
love < PROPMALE > Matthews ( and the new album rocks ) but not sure how I feel about it being the theme music for ABC's College Football this season 
hmmm whom do I despise more ? The perennially over-hyped Trojans or Buckeyes ? This is a tough one 
< PROPMALE > Tressle take it from an Aggie fan if you coach to not lose you seldom win 
Time for a little youth group action 
post basketball sweat . tomorrow COM 
Yeah its Tuesday . Doing some serious reflection on what it means that Jesus is the Way 
time to do some thinking about wisdom 
getting deeper into < PROPFIRST > for the Noon Bible Study . Oh and trying to pull together a Church basketball league team ! Oh My 
preparing for < PROPFIRST > Ministry Training tonight 
home thinking about the sermon for Sunday 
still thinking about the sermon for Sunday 
BTHO Utah State 
I love it when USC loses 
2-0 is still 2-0 . Gig ' em Aggies ! 
why am I so tired ? 
Session tonight 
oh sweet elixir of the bean do your thing ! 
Oh Sweet Freedom Shine the Light on Me 
gearing up for JWPC's first basketball game in the downtown church league 
double baptism this morning ... it is a beautiful thing 
oooh Washington this is not good ! The Lions ?!? 
somedays life is very tough 
< PROPFIRST > Ministry Commissioning this Sunday 
BTHO Arkansas ! 
done with Presbytery business again for a month .. no wait , there is a presbytery meeting this month ! 
Vaya Con Dios < PROPFIRST > McGrew 
living the dream .... just living the dream 
so its October and the windows and the glass door of the church were covered in beads of water this morning . That's how hot and humid it is that a class cooled to 74F was sweating ! October . 
Tonight we begin Wednesday night programming again . In a clean refurbished kitchen 
Hello Thursday 
HUNGRY 
God is good 
i like waking up to thunder and lightning so long as it isn't close enough to wipe out the tv ... the computer ... the microwave ... the wii ... or my car 
had a great time talking theology stuff with Wags 
Phineas and Ferb rocks ! 
< PROPMALE > Long's \Preaching from Memory to Hope\ " is an excellent read " 
Just picked up my copies of Gospel Driven Life ( < PROPFIRST > Horton ) and Justification ( NT Wright ) . 
Presbytery Meeting in < PROPFIRST > Friday and Saturday 
day one of presbytery in the books . 
It sure is hard to figure out this year's Aggies . But Whoop ! BTHO TECH 
In < PROPFIRST > for company of new pastors the next few days 
What exactly is Live Feed doing ( or not doing ) for me ? 
BTHO ISU ! 
does anyone know how to find the edit options section for the live feed ? 
Apparently my facebook < PROPFEMALE > doesn't allow me to edit options on the home < PROPFEMALE > . grrrr . 
the weekly hymn hunt begins 
books I am reading right now , all of which I can recommend : Getting the Blues ( a theomusicological look at sin and suffering ) , Justification ( NT Wright's opinion about what < PROPFIRST > meant ) and Climate of Extremes ( a fascinating look at the nexus of science and politics surrounding global warming ) 
Stunned Disbelief 
Wondering why we can never seem to win in Boulder 
Little Apocalypse ! Thanks a lot lectionary cycle !! 
If you are a minister , does that makes mondays tuesdays ? 
Looking forward to Thanksgiving 
Maranthana Maranthana Maranthana 
whoop ! Gig Em Aggies for BTHO Baylor 
Thanksgiving ! Praise God from Whom ALL Blessings Flow ... 
2 weeks in a row now I have heard the terms break serve and hold serve used to describe playoff raise and divisional standings in football . Attention all football announcers : Stop it ! It makes no sense and it isn't cute . 
Funniest thing I have heard in the last two days : < PROPFEMALE > Grace actually said this on television Monday night while blathering on about Tiger Woods : \you may be an expert in PR but I am an expert in the U S Constitution ! \ " It still makes me fall over laughing AND crying " 
so what I really wanted to see today was a message telling me that there are gonna be some changes to Facebook coming . 
What an amazing mondern world we live in . Flew to Big D today and back for < PROPMALE > High Jubille planning team . 
another Monday in the books 
Its a good day . 
So Im watching Community and one of the characters begins singing the Sonseed song \Jesus is my friend . \ " I was surprised and laughed and laughed . Thank you Community . Thank You " 
Ahhh the home stretch of Advent has begun .... 
this twee is tha symthbol of tha Griswold Fhamlee Chrithmas 
Still reveling in a wonderful Sunday of Worship and Fellowship 
preparing the messages for Christmas < PROPFEMALE > 
Preparing some venison sausage and reading an article on the number of border collie owners who rent sheep for their dogs 
I like taking communion to those in the hospital ; i do not like cleaning the little plastic bottle afterwards 
So if so many Americans say that the Bible is important or even a source of strength , knowledge , guidance , etc for them why are so few actually reading it ? 
Hello last day of College Football for the year I am never glad to see you . 
It's cold but it is a very good morning 
Starting a sermon series tomorrow \God Processing\ " hope you will all come hear it " 
Why do you think God created the universe ? 
Can't remember the last time College Basketball was so upsettastic this soon ! 
Midwinters at Mo was fantastic ! 
wow Toyota ... hows class action law suit feel ? 
settling back in post < PROPFIRST > trip 
When Facebook changes it reminds me of coming home from school when I was little boy to find my Mother had cleaned my room ... never knew where anything was for days ! 
watching the olympic opening ceremony . Hey Bermuda ... love the shorts ! 
still watching the opening ceremony checked back in with 1995 < PROPFIRST > , still can do without K D < PROPFEMALE > 
Was suprised to learn today that the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s \Your So Vain\ " was written with < PROPFIRST > Geffin in mind . I always thought she was singing about herself " 
Noon Brown Bag Bible Study 
And so it is after midnight and I have completed a homily for tomorrow morning's witness to the resurecction . I don't remember this being a part of the < PROPFIRST > Clapton song , but thank you Holy Spirit all the same . 
Getting ready for tomorrow morning , tomorrow is also the first day of CONFIRMATION 2010 which means I have about a 120 minute break in my day 
what's the deal with facebook lately ? 
btho utah state 
Aggies advance ; TU one and done , oh yeah its a good spring no matter what else happens 
What a beautiful South Texas Day 
Awww Holy Week , but the good news is I can feel the Spirit working in the back of my brain even now on the three sermons ahead 
Back from Marble Falls ready to work on the Sunday sermon 
Happy Birthday to Snickers ( our dog ; not the < PROPFEMALE > bar ) 
I love rainy days 
Oh facebook I'm ready to change my profile pic ; when will you be ready ? 
Done with basketball and all packed for CNP in < PROPFIRST > 
Do you believe in miracles ? Ever experienced one yourself ? 
Good night of bball now to bed and an early drive to ATX 
Back on the road to SA for examinations 
Ahhhh hello day that doesn't include two plus hours in the car , it us good to meet you . 
How did it get to be Thursday already ? But tomorrow : MO !! 
Home from the Men's Conference . With all the rain this Spring , Mo has seldom looked more lovely than this Spring 
Sitting at the Hard Rock San < PROPFIRST > with two beautiful ladies 
Unexpected blessing : attending the Spurs playoff game with my son . Lowest level row 9 ! 
Happy Mothers Day 
Really ready for my nose to stop running 
And once again Facebook has made changes I didn't ask for and chosen to not let me opt out of them . Its like having a relationship with the US government 
Congratulations to my wonderful < PROPFEMALE > today on receiving her Masters degree 
Heard on Prairie Home Companion : \Uniterrorists : they are Unitarians who wear robes and hoods made of 100% cotton and burn question marks in your yard \"" 
So < PROPMALE > Turner says that God was sending us a message through the oil spill . I find that fascinating given that Turner is an Atheist . 
My new theme song : \so much to do and so very little time . \"" 
How do you search on this blasted Facebook anymore ? 
Hanging out at the Hooks game 
Enjoying that post basketball sweat 
Off to SA to handle examinations 
The press release on < PROPMALE > Linkletter's death says no official cause of death has been released . Linkletter was 97 . I think we all know the cause of death . Is there even an official category for cause death = old age ? 
Sunday Morning is always the best morning 
Fishing on the Nueces River 
When does Tuesday feel like a Monday ? Why that would be today 
< PROPFIRST > Ministry this morning 
Evening bball over 
spending the waning moments of Thursday knowing that I will be working on Friday 
Hero Headquarters VBS 
Looking forward to the church potluck this evening 
It's a beautiful morning with that overnight rainshower smell which of course is pleasant here but not in the French Quarter 
Just saw a friend for the first time in like 5 years . Great Reunion . Heaven will be a lot like that 
starting to get the 3 days until Mo excitement in the veins . It's like waiting for Christmas morning . 
just last week I was telling a longhorn friend of mine that Texas A&M was slowly dominating them in every sport and that football would be our last accomplishment . he laughed , but then TU didn't win two national championships today did they ? 
Mo-TLC TOMORROW 
At Mo !! TLC starts tonight and ends too soon !! 
Glad to be back home , but always sorry to have left Mo 
Fathers day goodness ? A lethal 2 hour nap ! 
It is so Monday 
No wind today a rarity in Corpus and in late June that is not a pretty thing 
If your church were open everyday or your preacher preached everyday would you go ? 
Arrived in Big D for day one of vacation . On tap tonight hanging poolside at my sister-in-law 
I maybe the only person in Texas who knows to want the cheerwine filled krispy Keeme donuts coming out next month 
Relaxing in sulphur springs texas 
T-minus 25 hours to < PROPMALE > High Jubilee 2010 
Back from < PROPMALE > High Jubilee . It feels good to use my shower and wear non camp clothes again . But it is especially nice to have my Aggie Ring back on 
Listening to debate on the floor of GA , catching up on what has been done , feeling a ton of < PROPFEMALE > vu 
Letting the sermon germinate while getting my turn on Lego < PROPMALE > Potter 
Schlitterbahn south padre island today 
Got to experience a little Freebirds world burrito here in Corpus < PROPFEMALE > . Not that there is really any such thing as a little Freebirds . 
posting sermons to the web and listening to some excellent Prairie Home Companion 
Prayers for the TM students returning to school today and for all of folks travelling to Triennium 
\The disciple focuses on God not on self . \ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
Our help is in the Lord who made heaven and earth 
The world around us seems stuck in abject futility . Been reading Romans 8 and apparently there isn't any way it couldn't seem so 
The worse thing about having Teen < PROPMALE > playing on my tv regularly is the incessant Degrassi commercials 
Thanks to a day at the lake yesterday , I'm reintroduced to some muscles of mine today . 
What's being served up today ? Committee on Ministry 
Hello Tuesday it's good to see you . You know given the alternative . 
I'm not sure I want a burger from meat that was never frozen . 
Indeed , \If God is for us who can be against us ? \ " Thank you < PROPFIRST > " 
Ahhh this is the Texas Summer , you've come thankfully late this year , but you've come with a vengeance , haven't you ? 
Rain in August is always just a little weird for Texas 
Listening to a girl scout cookie monologue on Saturday Night Live by < PROPFIRST > Melini . He reminds me of A < PROPFIRST > Brown which makes me officially old . Oh and you kids get off my lawn ! 
Reading Leviticus and two thoughts dominating me 1 ) thank you Jesus !! And 2 ) man am I glad being a pastor today doesn't mean running a slaughterhouse 
Its a good day 
Reading Switch . Next in the que : the long walk 
Working on the meat crew for tomorrow's church BBQ 
It's finally here : the first week of college football ! 
really RCL ( revised common lectionary) ? Really ? 2 < PROPFIRST > 4:1 -4 no where in your readings ! Shame on you RCL . A Pox on both your houses ! 
Some days < PROPFEMALE > , I just don't get you 
Funny about public perception and how often they are mistaken . Saw < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > on Leno last night . You don't know me < PROPMALE > but I owe you an apology , you are lot more learned than I ever thought . Probably had something tondo with the < PROPMALE > Crockett years 
NFL starts tomorrow . 
Today is the day we try to incorporate a new puppy into the house with our current dog . Laugh at us from a distance if you must but by all means pray 
I stand in awesome wonder of the power of God and it's manifestation in prayer 
What a storm last night . But it seems to have been weathered well by my neighborhood at least . 
Are you ready for some football ? 
That was a really odd old spice commercial 
I'm thankful for my 24 hours at Mo-Ranch last week because this week is go , go , go 
Wondering why cell phone conversations aren't outlawed in libraries 
Just saw a man out shopping wearing a pleated skirt not a kilt , a grey pleated skirt . 
Dear Angel in charge of the South Texas Spigot , you can can shut it off any time now . Thanks 
Waiting to eat in PF Changs . Waiting where ? Charming < PROPFIRST > ... I'm pretty sure they are a retailer that didnt have me in mind when they made their business plan 
And today I am a Bruins fan . Thank you UCLA 
please be praying for a young girl named < PROPFEMALE > today who is much too young to be at M D < PROPMALE > 
Bible in 90 days and we have made it halfway ... Through the OLD TESTAMENT :-) 
BTHO OSU !! 
Good game OSU . 
What a glorious day that the Lord has made today 
How positively Corinthian you are < PROPFEMALE > 
Alright Ags eat the Elephant one bite at a time 
Come on Ags the Defense can't keep you in this forever 
What a gorgeous day it is 
Lasagna lunch and dessert auction tomorrow 
Listened to a profile of the Empire State gubernatorial debate , Hilarious ! If I could I think I would vote for the candidate of the \The Rent is too @&$€ high party . \"" 
Never thought I would see the day when the Rangers were a post season force . Keep the faith Detroit Lions better days do come eventually 
* Sniff * do you smell that ? That's the stench of self-righteousness and pretension < PROPFEMALE > . 
Im gonna do something I never do : My Longhorn Friends , I'm truly sorry no one should ever have to lose to ISU 
Enjoying < PROPFIRST > ; but , yesterday I finally experienced Cooper's BBQ in Llano 
About to enjoy some Amys Ice Cream 
How different American politics would be if our politicians had to write their own speeches 
All Saints Day- take some time to remember those folks that shaped your Christian identity who have joined the Church Triumphant 
Congrats Rangers on your best season ever and now I can go back to not caring two cents about baseball 
Just learned that Rhode Island is not the official name of Rhode Island . 
So far so good Ags 
friends and neighbors the Wrecking Crew is back 
A wonderful crisp morning , a beautiful day to worship the Lord 
Veterans should be thanked every day 
Reading < PROPMALE > Kellar's apologetic : The Reason for God . Brilliant !! 
Looking forward to breakfast this morning with an old friend 
it sure is beautiful weather here this week , the kind of days that fill your heart with praise 
Waiting in line for HP7 
BTHO Nebraska 
Happy Thanksgiving Y'all 
< PROPFIRST > Nielson is dead ? Surely they can't be serious ! They are and don't call them < PROPFIRST > . RIP my old friend . 
Hello December you are appropriately chilly 
Heading to COM in San < PROPFIRST > 
\Turn out the lights\ " RIP < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > " 
Watching < PROPFIRST>'s Heroes . Best $5 I have spent in a long time 
Soli Deo < PROPFEMALE > 
Am I the only one who thinks The Cape looks dumb ? 
Finished the rounds of the East Texas Christmas . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone 
First books for 2011 : decision points , surprised by hope , the long walk , and hating God : the untold story of misotheism 
just had Jehovah's Witness at the door and while I don't agree with them about much of anything , I do admire their commitment to sharing what they believe 
Cotton Bowl : BTHO LSU 
Seahawks win !?! I now know that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > indeed has made a deal with the devil 
MO in 2 days ! 
I got to say except for the what the american dream is about stuff at the end that was the most boring SOTU address ever 
ahhh pulling together the tax information for 2010 thank you Uncle < PROPFIRST > for one of life's gifts that truly keep on giving 
In < PROPFIRST > with classmates and friends 
Man it is cold in < PROPFIRST > today 
Safely home in Corpus having arrived ahead of the storm here and out of < PROPFIRST > before the storm arrives there 
As part of a project that my friend < PROPFIRST > and I are working on I ask all of you the following question : Who are the 5 best Presbyterian Preachers ? Only two criteria : 1 ) they are Presbyterians of the PC(USA ) variety and 2 ) you have heard them yourself . 
Cold and Wet in South Texas today . I realize this is a relative thing and so my thoughts go out to all of you who are in cursing cold temps today 
How can it be the middle of February already ! 
4th hole before my 1st bad shot it's a good day 
yet another gorgeous day ! 
Going to Cirque du Soleil 
ahhhh the joy of taxes 
This thing in Libya just proves the axiom : you cant out crazy crazy 
Welcome Home Capt . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
At the rock and road worship 
At the Rock and Worship Road Show 
For < PROPFEMALE > Robertson : Think of someone you know or love who has / had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this ... in the status of all my friends 
At the Sonic to play eat burgers and play volleyball 
the last living American WW1 veteran died today at 110 years old . For you kids reading this WW1 means World War One and has nothing to do with wraslin ' 
you are dust and to dust you shall return 
My son officially became a Boy Scout this evening 
Really Louisville ? Really ?!? 
watching 11 year old boys play Let's Dance 2 = Hilarious 
Working on taxes ... Lord have mercy 
Something must be done is never enough justification for war 
What exactly is Odyssey < PROPFEMALE > ? Here is my thought it means we are in Libya for a long time and we aren't exactly sure what we are doing and how to get where we want to be 
And So < PROPFIRST > Gillespie gets a second < PROPMALE > and the joy of facing the Aggies each year . Next years Big 12 Men's Basketball Season will be full of fun 
I love it when the Buckeyes lose 
Headed to SATX for examinations committee 
BTHO Baylor Lady Ags ! 
GIG AGS !!! Final Four for the Women ! Are you kidding me !?! 
Aggie Women to the Championship !!! 
Here we go ... BTHO Notre Dame ! 
at least the ND coach didn't wear lame 
While watching the Aggies game online I am noticing the final of the cricket game between Sri Lanka and < PROPFEMALE > ( 274/6 ( 50ov ) to 277/4 ( 48.2 ov )) and I realize that I have no idea how cricket is scored 
< PROPFEMALE > White I think I love you ! 
Gig ' Em Aggies ! Whoop !! 
Words cannot express how stunned I am to hear there has been another earthquake in Japan 
Just watched a video of children in Pakistan being trained to be suicide bombers . Chilling . 
Learned today that my mother was disinvited from annual trips to her cancer surgeon . Can't be more happy about this ! 
Spent the day ripping up floor tile in the church , working on the car , and then cutting down lot of tree limbs .... I am feeling many muscles that I had forgotten that I have . 
HOLY WEEK 2011 !!! 
Do This in Remembrance of Me 
He descended into hell .... 
So in the bottom corner of Facebook there is an add for things to do in Corpus which clearly shows a photo-shopped picture of someone water skiing behind an F-14 Tomcat . Not only is this not something you can do in Corpus < PROPFEMALE > , it's not something you can do period . I have seen literally 100s of F-14 take offs and you could hold on that rope , you could also choose to have both arms ripped straight off your body . 
Tomorrow two wonderful things happen : 60th Men's Conference at Mo Ranch and that blasted wedding will finally be over with so long as neither of the nuptualizing trip and fall . 
The word is spreading so I will confirm the rumors here : I have indeed been called to be the next pastor of St. < PROPFIRST > Presbyterian Church in Boerne Texas . 
