Happy 22 Birthday to my husband !!! 

is already gettin sick of being at work at 645 in the morning !!! 
Happy New Years everone !!!! To the woves in cali : Keep it safe , see you tuesday night 
Husband's ship leaves out tuesday for a few months ... so much stuff to get done ... cant sleep ... work at 8am 
< PROPFEMALE > glad to back from the wintery wonderland of the north ... back to gettin back to life 
is amazing how someone can change so many lives in the time they are alive . it may be for years or for months , but the impact that is left is with you well beyond that time . RIP < PROPFEMALE > you will missed and loved forever 
hubby comes home on the first then leaving for san < PROPMALE > around the 4th 
6 more days until we hit the road for our cross country drive to san < PROPMALE > 
running a little late but finally leaving and heading to san < PROPMALE > !!!! 
finally made it to georgetown tx here til early early saturday then back on the road to san < PROPMALE > 
finally almost outta texas 100 and some < PROPMALE > til el paso then arizona ... There's seriously nothin in sight except for mountains cactus trees and tire debri 
it's 3 am on the west coast n finally in san < PROPMALE > !!! Time for sleep then house hunting and decals for the car . 
finally found a house me and the husband like n got a leased signed today ... I'll have pics up soon 
hubby got off eaerly today goin to go pick him up then out to lunch 
after 2 days of going through to two shippments with furniture and 23 boxes , our house is finally together 
has had a great weekend with the hubby bout to finish it off by going down to the beach then watchin the san < PROPMALE > big bay boom fireworks - hubby leaves in 3 days for most of the next 8 weeks 
countin down the days til the hubby comes home for a few days ... cant wait 
Put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ,? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? wish ? is ? that ? in ? 2010 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? 93% ? won't ? copy ? and ? paste ? this . ? 
What's on yourIn memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Love to those who are in the fight . mind ? 
havin some drinks with the husband before he leaves me again for a few weeks 
dear military , please bring my husband home soon . i miss him very much . 
jus got back from wonderin around the tall buildings and shops of san < PROPMALE > . ps . i hate parking meters 
its funny how u can talk to someone from the across the country and its like were sitting at our bar back home again havin some drinks again . A.C. : i still cant believe i move and they shut down our damn bar . 
headin down to the beach for awhile ... please hold all my calls unliess its for a job .... 
not too many more nights without the husband ... cant wait 
ugh .. suns jus now comin up and ive been up for two hours ... hubby had to be at work at 5 am 
its unfortunate when someone passes away right when their life is really starting ... when its someone only a few years younger , it makes you think of the stupid shit and decisions u chose jus a few years earlier and what couldve happened . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ... it makes me feel closer to home than what i am 
on the way to escondido to go to winery with the hubby 
September is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer 
September is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer ** this is for my aunt bren -- love you ** 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% that put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are ... still ... fighting it ... love you bren 
At age 4 , we think : mom knows everything ! At 8 : sheknows a lot ! At 12 : mom doesn't really know everything . At 14 : mom doesn't know anything . At 16 : mom doesn't exist . At 18 she's old fashioned . At 25 : maybe she does know about this ! At 35 : before we decide , let's ask mom . At 45 : I wonder what mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask mom about this . - Post this if you have the best mom !! 
ps . happy birthday to the best mom today i hope you had a great birthday today and promise ill be there for the next one 
I get up at 6 am to drive the husband to a day and a halfs work jus for him to tell me ' o I'm jus gonna b on there for like 30 mins ten I get to come home for the day ' - I love you babe but my ass couldve stayed in bed for this 
i could get use to it being this warm in novemebr compared to it getting cold and rainy back home .... thank you west coast 
i hate duty days ... its gonna be a long night with little sleep happenin :( 
well its official that im comin home for christmas ... jus bought the plan ticket !!! 
had a great time with the dronets last night here at the house ... cookin my chili all day today and hangin with the hubby ( not much longer til the deployment ) time needs to slow down 
doin some some cleaning and cooking for tomorrow and fitting the gym in the middle with < PROPFEMALE > 
getting ready to head to amys to go to the gym 
ive dreaded today and tomorrow for a few months now and cant believe it is here so quick ... hopefully tonight last longer than the past week 
night 1 ... im already not liking this ... jus have to keep reminding myself this is the last one !!! 
ooo how i hate these little earthquakes !!! 
gettin on first plane of the day in a hour to go home .... See u tonight north < PROPFEMALE > 
alreadylost 2 hours of my day ... In < PROPFIRST > for 30 mins jus to lose one more hour to be back home 
home sweet home ... Now I can't wait to get off this damn plane 
likes being home but i could definitly do without the cold ass weather ... missin the cali weather already 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone and to those on the ship today !!! I love you baby and wish u could be home with me . things jus arent the same around here without you . especially figuring i have to go to your parents today ( if the snow isnt that bad ) 
Had a good day overall . today ( and many more to come ) was jus missin one thing . I miss you babe and cant wait for you to come home . Hope everyone had a good day with family and friends 
ok the snow is pretty n everything but it either eed to melt now who someone needs to build me a teleportation machine to go back to san < PROPMALE > until its gone 
I'm excited for my girls night tonight !!! 
Last day in nc for a good while ... On the way to < PROPMALE > to catch a plane back to cali 
It was nice bein home for the holidays ... But I definitely missed my bedn warm weather 
man i forgot how much of a pain in the ass it is to get set up to go to school again and then put on top of it doin it also for the husband 
im so glad not to be in nc now that im hearin what the weather is there .. ill stick to my sunshine n nice west coast weather 
If you have a Best Friend who has made you laugh .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy , Got mad at you .. Watched you succeed ... Saw you fall ... Picked you back up ... Cheered you on ... Had your back , ready to fight the person who pissed you off or made you mad and all these things made your friendship stronger and you can't do without their friendship , paste this to your status and see if they know who they are . 
Havin some drinks n playin apples to apples with the girls 
im sure im not alone when i say that im over this deployment and jus want my husband home !!!! 
errrr enough is enough its time for my husband to come home so i can actually sleep at a decent time ... that i miss him very much . love you babe 
BUT YOU DON'T LOOK SICK ??!! - It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an ' invisible ' illness . Lupus , Fibromyalgia , Chronic Fatigue , APS , Diabetes , Crohns , Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , MS , Depression , Bipolar , M.E , ASD , Borderline personality , Anxiety , Alpha-1 Antitypsin Deficiency . 
you might be surprised how many people you know that may deal with this everyday . 
Excited bout goin to shamROCK tonight !!! Then halfway cruise is sat . Now if only the deployment would end this weekend . 
Had fun tonite at shamrock with the giels !!! 
