had a blast at the Blue October concert ! love them so much 

i have the song ' mad world ' stuck in my head .. 
i feel so .. left out of the human race ... 
is it dumb that i would rather read all my text books than go to work right now ? 
got off work about two and a half hours ago and has to be back at work in eight hours !!! blah !!!!!!!! at least more money ! 
yay i'm done with work ! now i'm working on my complextion ;P 
feel like shit ! dejavu ! ( suicidal tendencies ) 
i'm happy . partying with my goodest friend < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
thinking about sleep because there's nothing better to do ... 
watchin < PROPMALE > zombie's halloween ! fn freaky ! 
blahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . late night , come home . work sucks , i know . 
comment my pictures darn it !!!! 
well i'm done with classes for the day AND i don't have to work ! unfortunately this means i need to find some motivation to work on school projects :P 
lol . i added new photos ... so you can see the motivation to work on school stuff isn't working .... 
i wrote a < PROPFEMALE > and a half summary for anthropology , and two half < PROPFEMALE > s for speech extra credit . so that equals two and a half < PROPFEMALE > s of homework . yay me ! so um .. comment my photos cause i'm a good girl ?? 
hanging out with my dad tomorrow . it was his birthday on friday the 13th ! 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK- Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key , then right click , then press up , then down & magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > . IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is if it worked for you ! 
oh don't you just hate seeing people that you once knew . 
just finished my four < PROPFEMALE > research paper on < PROPMALE > dali ! a < PROPMALE > feat ! 
hey , i know some of you don't play farmville any longer , but could you just add me so i can get that stupid ribbon ??? will not bother you any longer ... 
blah . work . 
done with speech outline . just one more project and two finals to go and i'll be done with this semester . 
no school ! i'm done ! 100 on my < PROPMALE > journal , 96 on my research paper .... i think i'm getting all a's this semester ! and no work for the next two days !!!! life is great ! 
wow . did work suck today . :P 
feeling sick . sore throat and cough . unfortunately i must work tonight , and it's kid's night . blah . 
working out makes me feel a little better , at least i'll be excited for summer and swimming 
watching tv . what an exciting friday night .. 
Thanks Grandpa for the birthday gift ! I love you !! 
um . i hate the new facebook < PROPFEMALE > . 
i've been prayin waves . i been prayin for tidal waves . i wanna see the ground your way . i wanna watch it going running down . tool- anema 
didnt send pink elephant thingy . someone hacked my facebook . sorry everyone . 
work at one . yay . 
doesn't feel like sleeping ... ever . 
what have i become .. my sweetest friend . you can have it all my empire of dirt . i will let you down . i will you make you hurt . 
so glad tomorrow's friday ! have the day off , the only thing that would make it more awesome is if it was pay day .. 
i've seen better days ... and weeks and months ... 
oh darn the Czechs lost the hockey game :( 
:: sigh :: sometimes it annoys me when i have a strong opinion , but i don't know how to put my arguments in the right words ... i thought my logic class would help , but so far not yet . 
no class or work tomorrow AND this time it's pay day . so hopefully this friday will be the best day i've had all month ... or maybe even so far this year ... i'm crossing my fingers :/ 
today i am dirty and i want to be pretty . tomorrow i know that i'm just dirt . - < PROPFEMALE > manson 
dirt . 
well i was wondering ... is it bad that : whenever i stand up i feel like i'm going to pass out ? everything goes dark and i start feeling really dizzy .. 
went shopping today . yay ! 
ERRRRRRRRRRR ! facebook is running slow for me .... how about all of you ??? i can't seem to load any games ... 
okay . i'm tired of this . you use words that don't even exist to make your point that is INVAILID ! i am not a whore . 
how is everyone ? i'm glad the weather is warming up and the sun is shining . i think i like this time of year best . 
at least my pants are baggy again . what wonders exercise can do . unfortunately i didn't have the < PROPMALE > to work out tonight , i feel like i've spent 48 hours working on a research paper about the origins of the internet ........ yes ... two days of NO LIFE just work and this silly paper . 
well , time to go work out and then i need to study for my logic final tomorow .... and work :( 
i dont wanna go dont make me go to work ! i hate sunday nights ... wayyy boring . besides i have better things to do ... ( logic , poetry , mass media finals monday tuesday wednesday ) 
I'M DONE I'M DONE ! no more classes for about three whole weeks ! exciting , huh ? then i have three summer classes and i'll be done with my liberal arts degree ! 
i had a really strange dream about the world ending last night/this morning . its strange too because i haven't been watching or reading any end of the world themes ... 
i'm in arizona ! the weather has been incredibly beautiful ! 
i'm home now :( and how dull iowa is ! 
I can't believe how early i woke up today ! this gives me plenty of time to run errands before work ... and maybe do some cleaning ?? 
just got done working out !! the lady who was exercising next to me gave me a compliment on how hard i was working out :) i was doing about 200 ( or more ) strides per minute for a whole hour ! 
ohh boy it's THURSDAY . that means a hetic work day . 
alright only a few things to get done and i'll be driving down to missouri . 
drove back from missouri and shaved some minutes off by speeding ;-P now i'm feeling tired and dizzy ... 
having four days off in a row makes me lazy 
is feeling weird ... 
just had a good workout now i need some good sleep so i can get my butt up and to school in the morning . 
so ... my teachers are interesting ... all dudes this summer . 
wants to go swimming since its so nice outside ! 
work was too long ... workout time ... then what ? 
thanks a lot to whoever vandalized my car . real mature . no wonder i hardly open up to people , for the most part they're just assholes . 
i refuse to value the opinion of an idiot who can't even spell a five letter word right . 
i'm feeling aggravated today ... there are too many idiots out on the road this Memorial Day ... 
is bored ! please someone entertain me ... 
UGH ! i hate when my day is over at one ! another wasted day at hy-vee .. :-P 
i had to take a catering to Camp Dodge today ... 
oooo my class ... 
done with class ! test tuesday .. 
needs to find the ambition to go workout ... 
and ... i did ! guess there was nothing better to do ! 
if ignorance is bliss , why aren't more people happy ? 
well behaved women seldom make history . 
agnostics for peace . i don't know , and you don't know either . 
i miss having an entire day off so i could enjoy this beautiful weather ... my summer is wasted . 
has to be to work in less than a half hour ... blah . 
it's eleven eleven ! make a wish ! 
so yeah , exciting day at work today and it'll be an exciting day at school tomorrow . how is everyone ??? 
ugh . sociology test tomorrow .... 
sooo ... i just got my first stitches ever today ... whoopie . not . 
Ready , Set , G .... no no no no wait ! 
bunch of old songs for early 2000's are running through my head today . 
work work work school work work study test schcool work .... ugh when does it end ? i want to enjoy summer ! 
i don't want to sleep . and even if i did lay down and shut my eyes , sleep wouldn't come for another two hours or so . ooo insomnia , i thought i cured you . 
wow . lack of sleep does me no good ... 
well ... it was < PROPFEMALE > when i woke up , but now i hear thunder . 
i woke up to tornado sirens today ! 
i'm tired of anxiety attacks , but i'm feeling better now . 
what a night ... i hate the new salad case ... it's pretty but tedious . 
ahh i feel refreshed 
UGH ! paper due TOMORROW and i haven't started yet ... and i work at 2 .... hopefully it won't be too hard , its just another stupid paper about myself . 
another test , another paper . another exhausting day at work . where's my break ? 
i hate the sound of voices echoing in the hallways . 
what a nice walk home :) 
watched the Shrink with < PROPFIRST > Spacey in it . good movie , you should watch it . 
i'm going to watch One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and go to sleep 
oh a weakness for the boondock saints .. first movie 
erm ... so any ideas of what to do with free time ??? 
cleaning out grandma's fridge today ... the oldest thing found so far is from 2006 ... let's see if we can beat that ! ;) 
well .. i get my hair done tomorrow .... 
I am vertical\ 
but i would rather be horizontal\ 
i am not a tree with my root in the soil\ 
sucking up minterals and motherly love\ 
so that each March i may gleam into leaf .... \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > plath 
well today has been annoying but at least i have internet back . 
i had forgotten how wonderful working out felt . i guess this means i will do it more often :) 
i have to work in an hour !!!! and i just woke up an hour ago . lack of sleep was killing me working all those morning shifts . Where is my money ! next pay check is going to be a gooood one ;) 
and now i am boycotting chicken . baked chicken , fried chicken , chicken strips , chicken noodles , chicken salad , chicken burritos , rotisseri chicken , chicken gravy .... why must we have so much chicken in the hyvee kitchen ???? 
i'm happy because i accomplished so much today ! i even fit in a workout before going to work :) hopefully kid's night won't be so terrible tomorrow . 
here is a new status update . have not updated for a week :/ guess there isn't much to say . 
ugh . kid's night and then a morning shift . 
workout ? accomplished . work ? accomplished . cleaning ? half way there . :) oh ambition has struck me again . 
ugh . lemons . i just can't make lemonade anymore . i give up . 
why did I wake up ? there is nothing on here . 
cool . I made the < PROPFIRST>'s List for summer 2010 ! 
i love fall 
music . fill my mind and make the notes my thoughts . 
i'm becoming less defined as days go by , fading away , well you might say i'm losing focus . kind of drifting into the abstract , in terms of how i see myself . 
oh . what to wear for the halloween party ? 
off to work soon , so glad i get to miss trick or treat 
well thanks to the very nice lady customer at hy-vee that noticed my necklace , it made my day ;) 
interesting night at work ... some things about some people should just never be thought upon ... ( Alli ! ) 
uhh eight thirty . what shall we do today < PROPFEMALE > ? drive around some more ? if only i had money , i would find something interesting for us to do . ( i need a new comfy sweatshirt too , but at least i have a winter coat now :) 
yesterday i over heard a mother talking to her daughter in support of having a physical confrontation with another girl at her school ... i do not know what the circumstances are , but it just doesn't seem right to me . What do you think ? 
awww ... kid cudi . good times :) 
i have an awesome schedule next week : wednesday , thursday and friday off !!! i didn't even ask for it . now what to do .... 
ugh . work . at least the house is clean . 
and when i get off work i like to go to a place in my mind where hy-vee does not exist . 
just got done sleeping 24 hours out of 30 ... not sure if that was the flu or not , but my stomach still doesn't feel right . 
work was terrible tonight . i really don't want to see another tenderloin ever again . 
ARGH ! 
i love watching \the wall \"" 
can people tell time ? apparently not . my appointment was scheduled at 12:50 , not 1:30 . i would rather not waste more than forty minutes of my time , so i just left . 
OKAY MSI DO YOUR THING . FLUSH THIS CHRISTMAS MUSIC OUT OF MY HEAD !!!!!!!! 
hoping for system to put me in a good mood ... 
well well , what to do tonight .. 
the weather is terrible . all i want to do is stay inside this cozy house ! 
redyed . more red . i just can't get it the exact way i want it ! 
the snow , from a year ago , is different from the snow now . 
i feel blah . 
today is going to be a good day . today is going to be a good day . please let today be a good day ! 
well it was a good day :) hoping for another good day off tomorrow ! 
i can't wait for some days off . let's go kids night . 
everyday is exactly the same . there is no love here and there is no pain . NIN 
come on kids ' night . please don't suck too badly . 
face first falls and nervous breakdowns 
i got to play some pool today so that was fun 
hmmm . blind melon , no rain is on my mind . :D 
what a late night , but I enjoyed watching Kick-Ass with < PROPFEMALE > . Wasn't exactly expecting it to be that gruesome of a movie . 
you almost always pick the best times\ 
to drop the worst lines\ 
you almost made me cry again this time\ 
another false alarm\ 
red flashing lights\ 
well this time I'm not going to watch myself die\ 
I think I made it a game to play your game\ 
and let myself cry\ 
I buried myself alive on the inside\ 
so I could shut you out\ 
and let you go away for a long time 
\You and I 
You say I am narcissistic and cold hearted , well yeah maybe\ 
But I don't give a damn about you this much is true\ 
My vision is blurry and my thoughts are hazy baby\ 
I know I'm stupid so I must be smarter than you 
Clever got me this far \ 
Then tricky got me in \ 
Eye on what i'm after\ 
I don't need another friend \ 
Smile and drop the cliche \ 
' Till you think I'm listening \ 
I take just what I came for \ 
Then I'm out the door again 
two days off in a row ... what am i going to do !!! 
man its good to find an extra hundred dollars you didn't know you had . 
meh . i thought i would be happier today . my work schedule was to be only 18 hours , but after picking up some huge caterings , my hours doubled . 36 hours this week , 9 days of working in a row , i'm already exhausted with four down . 
okay . maybe more than 36 hours this week if we keep getting out after 9:30 . i am not content with my job . 
just finished working out and i feel great !!! 
too bad the theory of evolution has not worked on some people 
thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday . i had a good day . except now i'm feeling a bit ill , so i'm glad it held off . and no , it is not a hangover type of ill , it's a sore throat , stuffed nose , stuffed head type of ill . 
are there any doctor moms out there ?? i can't get rid of whatever this sore throat and nose thing is ... i don't wanna go to the doctor because it costs too much money :( 
i am bored bored bored . 
And everything I never liked about you is kind of seeping into me . \ 
I try to laugh about it now but isn't it funny how everything works out . \ 
\ 
i enjoy a lil nin with my workout . 
errrrrr my brain is going BONKERS . i wish i could sleep normally . and wake up refreshed when i do get enough sleep . 
this world is pathetic . freedom protected for the crazies . it makes me sick . 
hmmm the zen of tool . 
difficult not to feel a little bit disappointed \ 
and passed over 
corn beef and cabbage ? no thank you ..... ( puke ) 
mmm fish ... from 11 to 7 . 
blahh ... i am NOT a morning person . so lets go deal with some idiots ... 
meh . life is dull . 
seventeen minutes until work . i suppose i should get in work attire ? blah . 
maybe that is why i sleep so often , my dreams are amazing compared to my real life . 
hm . well the space i live in has been cleaned . now i don't feel like doing anything . 
