Still working on adding pix and this is the new positive < PROPFEMALE > for me . The < PROPFEMALE > is the past , but I will still have it 

OMG so gotta get some sleep gotta run into work to do sum paper work and wait for someone to get done so we can spend the day or part of the day together . Im super stoked though . Everything is moving right along job , new friends , old friends , trying to get back into school , beach on Sunday wooo hooo can't wait and eye < PROPFEMALE > around lol Super Excited . Loving life right now miss my kitties though 
Didn't get to chill with my friend today :( gotta make that money lol . Hopefully get to do something tonight though . It's Friday so I can't wait to chill 
Taking shower going to pick up some money on a return . So that means no oil change for me this weekend grrrrr .... need the gas money anyways than off to work doing demo's yay !!!!!! Id rather be at the beach of course , but that's tomorrow . Im sorry , but I love the new < PROPFIRST > Vacuum it's freaking awesome and does just about anything 
Beach day later today . Gotta do some more work later also .... Gotta make that money :) you know .... Miss talking to someone very badly . Hope to see them some time in the near future like next month :) 
Miss everyone back home , kitties , my own space lol but I sure do luv the beach up here in NWF , my job , friends and to new friends I meet everyday . Hoping that I get to meet up with someone special soon and get this show on the road . Than life will be even more great than it is now :) 
Omg just getting to bed and have to be up at like 630 to get ready for work uhhh .... selling vacuums is a biotch and I hate my job ........ Looking for another one as of last night . Went out had a miller light yummie and a awesome jello shot . < PROPMALE > out with cool people . Didn't eat all day blah ..... finally got a shower and ate junk food what a life lmao 
I am so happy 2day .... I finally get to be happy and worry free 
Going to go spend a couple of days with my fave person :) Can't wait for Friday and to start working soon . 
Start work officially tomorrow Finally !!!!!!!!! Going back over my fave's person house :) ~ and start organizing around the house tomorrow .... Busy day I guess tomorrow 
Work at 1 than after work going to spend time with my fave wonderful person :) 
Work at 1 than I have no idea lol 
It's that time again .... to get ready for work than get off at 9 . A long day it's going to be :( I won't see my fave person for like 2days blah ... on that lol 
Work , social life , school , blah blah blah .... ehhh Im glad I like the people I work with or I might be a biotch .... Tired ..... Work 11 hours tomorrow im so going to crash and burn than an hour drive home .... :( ehhh OFF TODAY THOUGH :) Thinking maybe the beach hmmmm 
Blah ... Blah work at 11AM off at 4:30 PM Missing my luvee . Officially start school technically today woooo not really ..... Life is great when you cut out those who just try to make it that much tougher by worrying about what im doing VS there own thing especially when im 7hrs away lol too funny 
New number up ! 
Off today ... thinking of going to the beach . Can't wait for wednesday so I can spend time with the one that has my heart and the last one to have it :) I luv my wonderful life , cause with him I don't know what will happen , but it's always good things 
I really luv my luvee 
Id rather be at work than the hospital . BLAH ... 
Just can't seem to do right ... no matter what , but than again everyone is right and im wrong wooooo that makes me so freakN happy :( booo on that . I don't care anymore . Yeah im up doing school work finally feel better . Can't wait to start work on Tuesday since im missing my long azz day Tomorrow . 
It's a feeling it will pass .... a wise person once told me that and guess what it has passed . I have met my match , someone who is a lot like me and what a challenge it is . Relationships are a lot of work , but always look at the good and not so much at the bad . As long as there is more good than bad . 
Just awesome my computer power cord just quit working !!!!!!!!!!! F-ing perfect to my not so perfect day right on !!!!!! 
I don't think all of us have that 1 person for them . Sum of us I think over look things N a big way & were lookN 4 sum1 who doesn't have a bunch of flaws , but hey that is life and no1 is perfect , cuz everytime I think I find what I want . They change my mind , but u can't give up & u gotta work at it . If that person is really who u want ...... 
Things I didn't do that I planned 4 last yr & this yr ... Go c GodSmack N concert the 8th of this month , go 2 the keys , still not married , no kids , & last but not least still working on this Associate's degree 
A woman had a parrot that she took with her everywhere she went . She would even take the parrot to the club with her when she went dancing and drinking on Saturday nights . 
Im only goin 2 say this once ! If u think what im writing is bout u ... better check urself , cuz sometimes it's more like wisdom for other people & there postings . I also use a app that I get different sayings from also . So this is the deal ..... 
Finally returning to work today after sick days and of course they weren't paid cause I just started working there lol , but atleast my boss is awesome to work with . Than going to my bf house :) 
Going to work at 10 til close to catch up on hours ... oh what fun lol not that I actually care for weekends . hope everything goes back to normal soon so I can have some normalcy and not have to worry about anything 
I think i need 2 find a new job w/hr cut backs . I really like my job . Is it just me or is men selfish . I know women r 2 . I always go above an beyond an dont ask 4 anything except a massage everynow an than . 
I have family and stuff who read everything on my FB so if you are going to say things that might be obscene or offensive please do not post it !!!!!! You can write me in my inbox . Im allowed to post a matter of my own opinion on my FB , but when your response is offending other people and myself I do not have tolerance for this . 
I dont get it . Its like night an day 
So ready 2 go back 2 bed . At work an got my boss 2 entertain me lol and im here til 8 . DAMN IT 
Blah here at work an its dead . Cant wait 2 get out . 
So I thought today well earlier how my life has changed and it didn't quite take me where I wanted to go . Damn it , but I got a few things I wanted to accomplish and now moving on to the next steps whatever that maybe ..... 
My poor baby brother . He sliced his hand open . I hope the kid will be ok . LUV U Bro ur tough . 
Off tomorrow . GetN my car fixed than the beach . Than school work 
Get'N ready to take my car to the dealer ship in a few can't wait to get this car fixed . Ha I finally bought hub caps for the damn thing . Poor car looks new with them on there , but needs a bath still lol 
Ok so my car check fine hmmmm it's a puzzle to me . Im going to replace the gas cap and see what happens . 
I feel crappy cuz im not back home helping my dad out 
I got the Catylic conv . replaced runs great !!! Now my gas gauge is being f-ing retarded . I filled it and the needle never moved until traveling 8mil . away from the gas station than going home which is another 29mil away . Im hoping that by fri . when I fill back up it will work normal again after all the reading I just did . 
U kno u've found the person when u can't look at other people . U want them more than u can stand . When u can say u actually fear things cuz u don't want 2 lose them . U go out of ur way 4 them . U can't explain why u feel like u do . I can honestly say I feel all these things I love my BF & I knows he is real bout things . Sad 2 say but he is the only 1 who has put N a real effort 4 me :) that's why I luv him so much 
I feel like crap . Im sick another 4hrs at work after break . Uhh than come back tomorrow 
Still sick .... it got worse today . Not much appetite and slept all day running a hi fever than it finally broke thank god ... I feel much better can't wait to spend alone time with my bf I miss him :( 
Going to work at 12 instead of 1 WTF ! GRRRR I hate those phone calls when there like can you come in earlier lol coming in later ok I can deal with that , but whatever ! 
Hmm after yelling an cursing there was a laugh haha . its funny how things change 4 the better . Off tomorrow an goin 2 have a gd day an nite . 
Long day at work than back at 8:45 2 than close at 8 blah ..... My two fave co-workers will be there so it makes it worth while when u have peeps u like working with .... On the other hand was having a decent day until SOMEONE no names decided to get mad blah ... to that tomorrow is another day . Happy 4th to everyone 
Going to bed :( so ..... tired . Start back school on 4th of July WTF ? So no don't ask if I enjoyed my weekend or anything cause I work all weekend , monday and tuesday also and do school work . Love Wednesday so I can see my < PROPMALE > :) 
La Ti Da & the moral of the story is I won't wish bad on u , but I feel sorry for u .... lol Anyways .... idk 
I love it when people make fun u & don't believe u about something ! < SARCASTIC > moment blah .... I have a bad ear ache had to go to the hospital . I believe a bug tried to get in ewwww it was weird and freaky .... Feeling better after meds for my ear though . Missing work today :( 
Had a good night after making friends with a female siamese < PROPFEMALE > . so beautiful ..... I wish I could let her in , but the wolf would eat her . Not good ... so im reading post bordem , teaching your kid to fist pump , true blood viewers , sad news , lost < PROPFIRST > , changing for the better great news cast people 
Tired , hungry and have yet to make it to the shower lol ..... So im leaving FB for the night . Work was tiring and my muscles hurt and ache . Can't wait to see my b/f tomorrow night .... « heart » 
Prices of gas barrels keep going up and so does oil prices .... I have now changed price tags 3xs in a months time due to the increase ! Im so disgusted with this :( \ 
Save yourself about 20 something dollars when you purchase a 5qt jug . Other wise you will pay around 50 dollars or more for 5 ind . qts 
Tomorrow will be 8/3 . This day was the day I lost my high school BFF ... :( I never look forward to this day , but it always is easier as the years have past . GOD rest her soul as she watches over myself and many others . Miss you girl and love you .... 
Today after 3am in the morning is 8/3 when I myself and a few others \ 
lost a good friend in 03 . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Dobbs was a beautiful , happy \ 
person . Wish you were still here , but your RIP . Miss you & thank \ 
about you everyday . God felt he deserve u more than what this earth \ 
could give . Your memory lives on . Love you < PROPFEMALE > «flower » 
The 2 most common elements on earth are hydrogen and stupidity lol\ 
Don't drown the man who taught you how to swim . \ 
Thought of the day :) 
Im so ready for this trip !!!!!!! To c my daddy and kitties \ 
:) and look out < PROPFIRST > mouse ima pull your tail hehe 
Going to work blah .... not looking forward to this long day . Rather be at home in my bed . I feel like crap . 
So ready to go to work and get it over with 5hrs lol . Still have a slight headache today , but doing alot better . Going to see my luvee after work , can't wait I miss him bunches .... 
getting my hair done tomorrow cant wait . Ill take a pic so everyone can see im psyched .... Work today at 12 yeah whatever lol . Love that paycheck though 
Ok so I did two colors tonight ... blonde highlights and underneath my hair in the back dark brown . Two more things to do before I can show it off . Red streaks and put pink in it 
hmmm is thinking pink tips lol or pink streaks also idk can't make up my mind yet 
So I decided on pink streaks after I saw a pic of < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne .... it's looks awesome on blonde hair .... can't wait to finish it today 
Sum people should mind their bizz and not worry about me or mine so to speak . If murdering sum1 over stupidity/lack of brains was legal yep ... I'd be right their to do it . lol 
For my bday I want a Boo and a ring lol . Haha it's not what you think either 
A few of my good friend's are opposite of m sign . I'm a Scorpio & their < PROPFIRST>'s . It's like mixing fire w/gasoline . Something is going to blow up !!!!!!! 
Stupid FB won't take any of my postings .... Rather be at the beach today than going to work at 10 blah .... I've decided to save up my money and buy me a Boo :) 
Yay i gotta work the next 3days but im getn hrs thats what count .! 
just so yall know boo is the cutest dog in the world who is an icon . Ive decided to buy the breed of dog and have the fur cut off 
Im going to bed . Work will come way too early and I have to be there all day !!! Im way tired hope people r way more nicer tomorrow than yesturday ... 
OK artificial intelligence is creepy check out this www.existor.com 
Hurricane , Hurricane you are on your way will you make it up this way ???? Well if you do im not going to work ima go run and hide lol , cause it's late in the year for you to be dropping by and two your a female that's just bad news !!!!! lol 
My mom's a nerd ... She just straight up text me on the phone from the kitchen im sure lol . Really this what the world comes down too 
Fall come on ! Im ready for some college football and out with this hot weather blah .... Go Auburn can't wait hope they do good this year ... 
2 my BFF u r everything . No 1 can take ur place . No matter where i'am or who im w/ur always on my mind . I <3 u always ..... 
To the female I have never met before I forget sometimes how mentally incapacitated you are and like to make everyone's life nothing , but drama . Your low , very low . Im glad im more mature than you are even though you older . Jealousy is a disease of the mind and you make me laugh every time . I hear your saying something towards me . Too funny and by the way you really ugly in general inside and out . 
Don't worry about my pink hair or who I'am worry about your self and your own . Not me and my own . God I can't wait for the day where I can say what I want to your face . 
Ok going outside to change my oil hopefully it's not as hot as it was earlier in the day .... 
Finally finished up my oil change what a pain the filter was .... to get off I hate fram . After today no more Fram filters for me . Considering they actually leak . I would never recommend this filter to anyone . Go with Wix ! 
WESTBORO CHURCH WILL BE IN THE AREA OF ALABAMA AND FLORIDA . WE DO NOT WANT YOU HERE . YOU'LL ARE EVIL AND NOT OF REAL CHRISTIANS !!!! YOU HATE HATE HATE . NOT TOLERATED HERE IN THE SOUTH . GET OUT !!!!!! 
Uhhh gotta go get ready , but hey it's worth it for my hunnie . :) plus it's friday and I don't go to work til late tomorrow afternoon . 
I want tomorrow to be over with already im tired and have to work monday . I hurt and im acky fml wtf . All i get is bitched at by everyone i try to help and do shit for . Im done being nice 
has a person in my life that may make me aggravated , mad and pissed off all at the same time ; but when it comes down to it , i still love you <3 xoxo 
Getting ready for work ... Can't wait to see my future husband later this week 
cant wait to get off work . Get this school work done this week and c whats up with new classes 
facebook where stalking is legal unless ur stuff is on private lol 
uhhh 9 common im tired an have an assignment due blah lol whats new ? right .... 
I just deleted my school assignment awesome I should had saved it lol oh well 
Fixing to switch schools I hate this school !!!!!! uhhhh any idea's anyone ? 
Going to play my games on my other FB < PROPFEMALE > . 
Facebook is like jail u sit around and waste time write on walls and get poked by people u don't even know 
My phone will prolly be off by 12am tonight\ 
Til thursday 
< PROPMALE > Potter needs 8 movies to seek and destroy Voldemort . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > needs 4 seconds . 
The smartest thing ever put your stove fire out with water so it flames up more ... while your screaming put salt on it geesh !!!! 
My mommy made me noodles yay .... I love you mom . No wonder my butt keeps getting bigger thanks and so does everyone else . haha 
IF YOU'RE NOT CHICKEN !!!! PUT THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2 ) I'd marry you ( 3 ) I'd date you . ( 4 ) Sarcastic . ( 5 ) I miss you . ( 6 ) I'd kiss you . ( 7 ) Beautiful . ( 8 ) Smart . ( 9 ) Imaginative . ( 10 ) Random . ( 11 ) Jerk . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) Funny as crap . ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Tough . ( 16 ) Cute . ( 17 ) I'd hit you with a bus . ( 18 ) I love you . ( 19 ) Weirdo ( 20 ) Friends forever 
My co-workers are the greatest !!!!! I would say like two pea's in a pod , but there's 3 of us lol 
My brother is singing I got the clap hahaha 
Did you know it's against the law in FL for couples who aren't married to live together . WTF well so much for that law cause everyone's doing it , but I do agree that we should not live with our bf/gf until marriage . Old school baby .... 
Payday common ..... lol just one more day :( \ 
school work , shower , and sleep \ 
My phone might not be on tomorrow til thursday :( 
