im with < PROPMALE > ! best guy friend in da world . thinkin bout my baby xoxoxo i love you boyfriend <3 

with my baby . we are celebrating valentines day early tomorrow night !! im < PROPFEMALE > excited . but he has to work saturday & sunday :( but im < PROPFEMALE > ooo happy 
im with the boyfriend went to dinner at the < PROPFEMALE > garden for an early valentines day celebration . <3 now watcgin him play cod4 lol 
did I tell guys already I LOVE HIM ! im a goofball . all of you know it you love it and you dont care . :] 
< PROPFEMALE > says .. \Babe ! I have no idea what im talking about . \ " Devans replies .. \ " to tell you the truth babe I dont know what youre talking about . \ " haha I love you devan M . Woods . \ " doug\ " hehe " 
with the boyfriend . yay :) <3 
life is crazy . the world is strange . but these feeling are real . my hearts in his hands . just livin from day to day . thats all i can say . 
with my baby for today and tomorrow ... feel better mama youre home now . 
Happy easter everyone ! had dinner at devans parents house . had a blast . and happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > banana 
Thinking about my baby .. devan ... listening to hole . eatting triple < PROPFEMALE > chunk .. ben & jerrys . and drawing . perfect day to stay in and clean my clutterfilled room . <3 
dammit rude boy .. still stuck in my head . makin brownies for the boyfriend . \I want ya want .. so whatcha wan-wan want ? give it to me like boomboomboom . what i wan-want want . nah_nah . love me . love me . \ " brownies are done lol " 
boyfriend went to work . have the day off but im cleaning and takin it easy . drinkin some perfect coffee . good morning !! 
writing lyrics .. then im goin to watch shes out of my league . 
well not everything is perfect or grand it is extremely unecappably annoying . nothings perfect and in some complex way it is secretly messed up by plan . i mean is there no light to the end of the tunnel .? shall we fight and straddle on until the end only to be dissappointed . i am a dissappointment and i dont know why . life is crazy like a fly trap that s= ates you up or makes you < PROPMALE > until youre unhappy . 
You're all mineYou're alrightI don't mind , noWhen I standBy your side , oh Talkin bout my babyCause we always breakin the moldTalkin bout my babyWe don't need no secret code_timbaLand 
with Devan for the night . having a bonfire ! no marshmellows damn ! patterson lol 
Cleaned the house . swept the chimney ... ( not really ) cleaned the floors . washed the windows . cinderilly . < PROPFEMALE > . now im spending time with mama . drinkin some coffee & some R&R . take it easy today folks ! love ya xoxo 
just ate chocolate panckakes not long ago . delicious ! made em myself for devan and I . lol . i am so lost . goodnight ! :) 
I dont know exhausted lol . with my baby for the night . so goodnight . 
living in the moment has its benefits . love . passion . you feel like youre walking on air . to feel something so strong so powerful for the first time in my life and its a thrill . so my advice to you live your life without remorse or regrets . it maybe scary but at like thats part of the roller coaster . highs and lows . twists and turns . i generally enjoy the loop . 
sometimes id like to make it rain so i could erase the pain . the regrets that eat me up inside tell me that im alive . im alive . id like to think im well but my luck turns with the flip of a switch . sometimes I wish things werent so difficult and i could forget about all the bad things , these scars remind me who i am at the end of the day . and now when i look in the mirrior i can say im happy . not pefect . blessed 
Sleepless tonight .. work from 8- 4:30 ! too many thoughts keeping me awake . if he only knew how much i love him . baby how could i take you for granted ? :( 
\I guess its gonna have to hurt . guess im gonna have to cry & let go of somethings i loved to get to the otherside . guess its gonna break me down like falling when youre trying to fly . its sad but sometimesmovin on with the rest of your life starts with goodbye . \"- carrie understand . " 
Off to see the navy requiter today . wish me luck im gonna need it more than ever now . lol 
Just got back from a Lovely run . the weeks all work no play . now that i have two jobs & seein the requiter on friday . 
Everything's changing but importantly this is a transition and Im strong . the past is the past so why bother dwelling over what I cannot change . the only thing i can do now is take it one day at a time and let this < PROPFEMALE > into something beautiful . 
Went to see shrek 3 With < PROPFIRST > And chrissie tonight today was a great day . love you baby night 
Just got out of work hangin with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Im so fortunate to have a great fanily . wonderful friends . words cant describe how much of a blessing it is to have him in my life . im a lucky woman who realizes what i have so life is < PROPFEMALE > . 
HavE the day off . going to see the requiter then hopefully i can relax . other than that im takin advantage of this glorious day :) 
\This time ill wont let you go . i will be all that you want . get myself together because you keep me from fallin apart . if i let you down ill turn it all around . to get you through the day and make everythinok . bc without you i dont know what id do . youre all all i need . \ " _leona < PROPFIRST > " 
I love you chrissie ! had the best time last night . < PROPFIRST > . chrissie . my babyboo and i . I LOVE YOU GUYS ! and i love you d < PROPFIRST > <3 . 
chillin wit my homies . while our wonderful boyfriends play videogames . i love you douuugggg ! 
Just got outta work . its beautiful out waitin for my baby mr. woods . its a great day to be alive . <3 
with my baby . hanging with some interesting people . 
Interesting last night .. ( need I say more ? ) dammit I still have a full bag of Trolli Gummy Octapus's my only day off I might as well do something with my baby <3 love you devan . 
If i had a tear for every regret id be dead . but life is too short to be stuck in the past yet , This is easier said than done . i think thats what god meant when he said he had a plan . to tell us life isnt easy so just enjoy the ride and let it all go . god only knows how much I love you baby . 
wasnt a too badly horribly messed up terrible day . it was fantasic . with mr. j-sizzle . patterson . my baby mr. woods . <3 <3 ;-D 
The wonder twins are halarious !!!! chillin with Mr. parker . Chrissie . my baby and the roomies < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . lol 
everything is changing around me and I have to deal with it . it's not easy but i'm ready to step up to the plate and work for everything I deserve . I will go somewhere with my life and I will make my mama proud . but god knows I need all the luck I can get but with you by my side there nothing we cant do baby . 
At work . . 6-2 . happy birthday mamabear . i love you . off tomorrow . 
\do you know when its wrong but it feels so right ? nothing in this world could stop us tonight i can do what she could do so much better . nothin in this world could turn out the light . im gonna make ya feel alright . \ " _paris < PROPMALE > lol " 
Work 6-2 . boring .. then chilling with some friends . im gonna make today a good one . tired of having shitty days bc life is just too short . 
with my baby tonight :D and maybe my favourite couple chrissie and mr. parker . afterall it is friday nothing can break my fall and ive been looking forward to this evening all day . everyone enjoy the weekend . 
Its a cold day . do you ever notice how funerals take place on dark dismal days ? we will miss you uncle < PROPFIRST > rip . 
Beavis and butthead do < PROPFEMALE > time lol . with dev < PROPFIRST > and chrissie yay . i missed my best friends . 
with d < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . lol . looking up info on my soon to be car . 1994 < PROPFEMALE > cutlass . everythings starting to fall into place , I love you baby . im not afraid 
ten minutes ... to scoop two effin scoops of ice cream at the new friendlys on 31 . everyone go to great northern . lol .. im not kidding . 
You know we’ve been down that roadWhat seems a thousand times beforeMy back to a closing door and my eyes to the seasonsThat roll out underneath my heelsAnd you don’t know how bad it feelsTo leave the only one that I have ever believed in Try to leave a light on when I’m gone Something I rely on to get home . 
\I'd rather die in the arms of a lover than a friend . because then at least then id die happily nothing to fear . just a tranquil death where i could find some inner peace . i'd rather die in the arms of my lover because then hed know i loved him as I . but to die in the embrace of my best friend\\lover thatd be sancuary . \"- my diary " 
with boyfriend for the night . <3 who knows maybe we will chill with miss . Chrissie and mr. Parker tonight . Afterall , I bought 2 Ibs of Wonka < PROPFEMALE > ( And Im not Eatting it by myself ) God gotta love those strawberry Nerds and banana laffy taffy's . I miss ya < PROPFEMALE > Manning <3 . 
Cheers * To my dad because without you I wouldnt be the person I am today . I love you so much . thank you for the life lessons . the hard times and all the laughter thats healed all the wounds . you are the best dad ; I LOVE YOU . 
Everyone says love is hard but what we're really missing is somepart of ourselves that we arent letting go . our insecurities are the only things that hold us back in life well no longer is life about failure its about dedication . my heart is his but my mind is mine but my love is unconditional . 
Just cant seem to stay mad at anyone but myself . how messed up is that ? spent way too much time blaming myself for what I cant change . and people call me perfect but the only thing ive perfected is being someone who isnt good enough . and if you think im perfect im just gonna laugh in your face because thats just not me . 
I'm a soldier , these shoulder's hold up so much , they won't budge , i'll never fall or fold up , i'm a soldier , even if my collar bone's crush or crumble , I will never slip or stumble , i'm a soldier , these shoulder's hold up so much , they won't budge , i'll never fall or fold up , i'm a soldier , even if my collar bone's crush or crumble , I will never stumble ... Eminem 
Watching the new nightmare on elm street . Ill tell you how sucky it is after I watch it .. or not . I love you baby . <3 
In The Beginning of all relationships . We're equal , unchanged . I Finally accomplished something worthy in my life & so head over heels in love . Not out to change you just find myself . if I make him want to be a better person then I'm happy . I love you Devan M . Woods . Love my Family/Friends who've stood by myside . No matter what I do You love me at the end of the day . I Wouldn't be who I am today Love You all . 
\dreaming about the day when you wake up and find what youre lookin for has been here the whole time . if you could see im the one who understands you been here all along so why cant you see . you belong with me ? \ " _Taylor Swift " 
\you can either live on the edge or go off the edge . You can choose sanity and insanity but life is shorter with each passing year . So be grateful for what you have and stop worrying about what you cant change . life is beautiful . " 
Playing Mortal Kombat II while loveys at work . its a beautiful day and here I am playing Video games listening to eminem . Well at least I spent most of the afternoon with the love of my life . xoxo <3 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY BABY ! 6 months doesn't sound like a long time but we're young we have all the time in the world . no need to rush a thing . Love you so much Dev because of you I am the woman I am today & there's no going back if everything is so good . so Thank you . 
went camping over the weekend with dev & our bestest buds ! went swimming today because the weather was perfect and now im worn out . 
Watching taking lives and lookin at my camping photos . yay ! 
Being grown up is about being able to let all the little things go & know that youre better than those who try to take your pride away . I'm happy . I'm healthy & if that makes you mad then get a life . Because I have one . ? 
Might I say that today was def better than yesterday because I'm with my baby <3 not to mention I have the next two days off . what could better than that ? 
\this time . this place . misused mistakes too long too late who was i to make you wait . cause ya know I love you . i loved you all along . i miss you but far away is far too long . \ " _nickelback . I love you handsome . " 
Ugh . work from 8-4 .... with < PROPFEMALE > ( lol ) and gower hehe . then the rest of the day wit my lovey . 
FOOD !!!! 
So bad , I'm so good that I'm so bad I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had Cause you ain't ever met nobody like me And you ain't gonna wanna fuck nobody else again \ 
( Verse 2 ) \ 
I'm equivalent to a shot of Cuervo First to kiss you naval , work my way down Baby you can lay down on the table But you may wanna find something more stable ..... _Eminem <3 
They say to love someone you have to love yourself first . Well I believe if you find someone that loves you even when you're completely miserable , feeling ugly & depressed-basically hitting rockbottom-You have nowhere to go but Up . You have no choice but to Love & all you can feel is yourself drowning in it . 
One of my fave couples just got married . Congrats to Mr. Jx and miss < PROPFEMALE > J . Now youre offically A Yeaney . Best of luck to the both of you . I love y'all . 
Spent the day with my baby ... played a pathetic game of BBall . Then went back home to just relax . Work tomorrow 6-2 Ick ! but other than that Text the phone tomorrow if no ones busy and wants to chill . Goodnight . 
Out to dinner with mama and some of her friends . 
Its my birthday ... Thanks to all of you who wished me a happy birthday . Can't believe im 20 !!! Its gonna be a great night and im ready for some birthday fun . <3 
watching better off dead with < PROPFIRST > cusack . waiting for my baby to get home . work tomorrow 8-4 text the phone and get at me . night night 
No work tomorrow . not really feeling so hot so imma bout to turn in and call it a night . sleep ! yay ! 
WORK all week ... then off to the fair on friday with my basby . and < PROPFIRST > and chrissie im estatic .. that's right ESTATIC ! 
Havent been on AIM in over two years . Had 2226 emails im not sry I have a life & dont sit in my mom's basement like a dirrty pedophile .. sadly i subjected myself to thinkin tht maybe after 2 yrs id be more popular , oh well just sitting here w/ one of my roomates . 
had an off day .. got sick . slept for about four hours . now im just waiting for boyfriend and our friends to get home . work from 8-4 tomorrow get at me . night . 
getting over some stupid seasonal cold . damn I hate being sick . well work from 6-2 . then going to mama's tomorrow night xD <3 
That's what you get when you try to mess with me or anyone I love ... A backhand so hard it'll make your head spin . here I laugh while < PROPFEMALE > lets you fall because people who envy others need to get other themselves . So now it's done , your intentions backfired in your revolting demon face & everything underneath . how does that < PROPFEMALE > taste ? 
Life goes on ... and all that matters is my family . my closest friends . & my baby . Other than That : thats all I need in this life without all that crazyness because Ive already moved on from that & Im a grown ass woman . Thanks mom ! Thank you baby for making me see all the wrong and make it right . xoxo <3 
hungout with mama and chick tonight before heading back to oswego ; but even though I was with my mom I wasn't allowed to enter a bar after 9 pm . how whacked is new york ?.... ( very ! ) don't worry I hate you too . I wish Texas wasn't over 1500 < PROPMALE > away . I could use some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > & some good ole ' southerners right now . lol 
its a lazy saturday chillin with miss . lisa waiting for some more excitement . like im not already overly amused 
What better place to be than home ? afterall home is where the heart is and my hearts definately in the right place . With my baby and right at this moment that's all that matters . I love you baby . 
Today has been one of those days that where you know you should expect the unexpected , but you don't know how that that shock until it's staring right at you .. it leaves you in a state of a caution . vulnerability . and a slight sense of inconfidence . RIP . Grandpa < PROPFIRST > 12/26/09 you are missed more than you know . 
Everything happens for a reason . maybe thats the gut-feeling that explains why You found me & I fell so hard for you . The feeling are so raw , so pure and my love is true . just wanted the world to know how amazing my man is , I love you Devan . 
This past weekend has been HORRIFIC !.. case and point I don't need to explain in drastic detail of the last few days . First of all I can't stand people who can't drive .. stay off the road ! second ... I HATE drama . And last but not least ... I'm completely sick of mindless drones who hate their lives . guess it's Time to move on & turn some negatives into positives . 
thanks to kevkev < PROPFIRST > I would make a really good spouse .... well can't try if not given the < PROPMALE > lol . I know i'd be an awesome wife ! lets hope my man does ... jkjk 
I'm tired of saying that im going to make something of myself and never do it !.... well this year i've turned a new leaf & i'm not longer procrastinating any longer it's time to be somebody ! 
crusin wit ashley .. babysitting later ... so hit me up if ya wanna chill tomorrow night . 
My man's at work .... Back at home just trying to pass the time till I get see my baby again . Yep , < PROPFEMALE > it's always about you .. OMG ! anyway hit me up if anyone wants to chill . other than that it's time for a nap . 
Just when you think you know all the people in your life , it's time to realize nobody is what they appear to be . there's always something deeper . darker . or something new to discover . I know who I am , & I know who I am not . I am who I am and that's not gonna change . 
spent too much time stressing over what I cannot change so now it's time to get my booty in gear .. yeah ... but it's ok to have laugh's and make memories along this crazy winding road . I love you baby <3 
it's freakin wett outside !!! i'm drenched from head to toe because of today's little adventure to over-crowded superstores , with one of my best girlfriends in the whole entire world ! -sorry < PROPFEMALE > it's not about you today- :( lol . Now , i'm home for the night and work tomorrow . so ... the cell's on so text me ! other than that everybody in NYS stay dry . 
i feel so in depthly curious about all my surroundings ! it's scary and no i'm not on anything . 
My boyfriend suprised me today and gave me a silver necklace , Told me he loved me & made my year . Devan you're my everything baby I love you so much . I hope you read this and smile because I know you will . :) <3 
worked on my day off .. what a blast ! < PROPMALE > you're such a gower ! ( I Want that in TWO bags !.. wahaha ) work the rest of the week but I can't wait till friday ! other than that off to babysit dev's little brother , then the fun starts all over again tomorrow . peace ! 
They say you don't know what you have till it's gone , so i'm not about to let you slip through my hands . I'm so blessed to have you in my life baby . this also goes out to my family and friends I love all of you unconditionally , and to the big man upstairs at least somethings are coming into place . and for that I'll take nothing for granted . Nope , not in this life time ! 
watching BEETLEJUICE ! Anyway it's < PROPFEMALE > Ryder in her darker -before Emo- days . & < PROPFIRST > Keaton show's that he can take his acting skills to whole new level by not wearing any makeup , and not practicing oral hygiene , but it's certainly one of his best roles . ( I don't know about you but I think I just overanalyzed < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s creation but how can anyone not appreciate his work !? ) work tomorrow night . 
Dear Devan , \ 
I got your message but it just wasn't you . oh well , at least I got to hear your sweet voice . can't wait till you come home . god bless your family and I love you very much . \ 
your girl , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > <3 \ 
P.S. wish you were here ! 
life is crazy , people are mentally unhinged and in the mist of it all we are always caught in between transitions . if you believe in fate , love and hope that everything will turn out ok then why worry so much . I've spent my whole life worrying bout what i cannot change & we should all learn to cope with life's unexpectantcies & make our own happiness . that's what life's all about 
my roomate just told me he was gonna kill me in my sleep ... ( joking of course ! ) ... I think ... ughh . work tomorrow 6-12 goodnight 
chillin wit my girlygirl ashash . then work tomorrow . love you devy <3 
Just hanging with my girl ashers , and some peeps of mine . I just have one thing to say to all you crazies GET A LIFE ! mind your business and get over yourselves . You only live once so get it right and live your life . Best of luck to all my friends and family may you find happiness in this cold twisted world . I know I have , And as for myself I'm at peace . 
chillin with some of the crew about to have a bombin night . work tomorrow then off to see my baby . I miss you boyfriend ! 
Back home . I missed my baby and I love you so much ! wait .... I took one for the team ! get ready set . hike . hike ! you know what it is ladies ! 
The 3 things that make my world is My Family , friends , & my better-half . family because no matter what they'll always have your back . Friends to help you . & you Dev because we are perfect for one another , & there's no one else that makes me feel the way you do , you're amazing ! I couldn't imagine life without you baby . may all of you < PROPFEMALE > the ones you love , and truly love the one you're with . 
IT's my favourite Holiday . HALLOWEEN !!!! Chillin with < PROPFEMALE > and her family tonight and getting ready for a night of trick or treating . Who says you're too old to be a kid ? even if it's for one evening . Post pix later ! later ...! 
Home tonight with my baby . After every disagreement I always learn something new about my baby . It's a crazy/exciting relationship . Sometimes a big blowout is the way to go , but in the end fighting isn't any good . You learn to listen and want to change for the better with him by your side . I love you Devan , yes I'm the biggest cheese ball ! work tomorrow night . 
WAtErMelOn Jolly Ranchers are the best !! Watching two and a half men & planning my Friday out . Have tomorrow off spending most of the day with my baby . 
Listening to good songs of the past makes you realize that there will always be a future . It hold's onto the belief that theres always a way to take a disaster and turn it into something beautiful and longlasting ; just like us . You're worth everything to me baby-my love for family is unconditional-but you're my best friend . 
work at 7-2 , four hours of sleep . other job 8-4 . then Back to bed . stop . rewind . repeat ...! Gotta love that MONEY ! who cares if you lose 2 days worth of sleep ! might as well set my switch to zombie mode . starting ... NOW ! 
Growin up is Easy to do , it's letting go of the past that's hard . Now I can look in the mirror , smile & know its < PROPMALE > behind us . Thank you mama & Dad for showin unconditional love at my worst/best . Tomorrow's gone , Today's where We stand . blessed to have crossed paths with those who have inspired me . -you know who you Are-Believin in you has given me the ignition to see everything happens for a reason . I Love You 
\This is to our babydaddys ! \"- Lauryn to stephy . Gotta a bad magraine bout to go to bed . don't think ill make it to work tomorrow if this continues . night ! " 
Ya know what ? The last couple of weeks have been Crazy stressful , sleep deprivation , & completely irritable ! Call me a sore loser but working two full time jobs is asking for trouble . Fell asleep lookin at the donut wall this mornin LOL ! Thanks baby for being here . goin through the same damn thing . I love you , & i'm glad there's only one more week left until all this is over . I'm gonna miss all of you at dunkin ! :( 
overslept this morning . UH-OH felt horrible but what are ya gonna do ? shit happens . it's gone and done . Work tonight 7-2 , then dunkin 6-12 . Round 2 ! Other than that . I miss you mom & Dad ! on a positive note . keishkeish is doin much better !!! :D 
Somehow between yesterday and today I've managed to sleep over 18 hours ! -It was well deserved . -Now it's time for some fun no work today , ALL PLAY ! Hanging with my girl Ash , then some more fun . Then Stephy & < PROPMALE>'s ( All I have to say is .. Get Ready BabyGirl . ) TGIF For Sure !! 
another double shift lets all hope I don't pull all my hair out in the next couple days . wish me luck ! 
Life goes on , changing our minds but at the end of the day you better know who you are or you might just look in the mirror & lose yourself . I for one know who I am . I love my friends , family , the people who have changed me & have inspired me to do right & be better than the old me . -This goes out to MOM . Dad . loving/caring family . my bestie's < PROPFEMALE > & Stephy . & My Baby & Best Friend Devan M . Woods . <3 
Beauty is in the Eye of The Beholder . Remember That ! You are the most beautiful person I've ever laid eyes on . The only one I've had take my breath away . You are my world , my Everything . After seeing so many destruction in my own life , I'll always look at you when Rock-Bottom hits us & I won't take you for granted ever . I'll hold onto you . Make you Happy No Matter What It Takes . 
After having not One but Two thanksgivings ! You realize more and more how much family , friends , & your man matter more than anything in this world . I'd do anything for you guys . I'll always be thankful to have you in my life . LOVE YOU ! 
Just chillin at least I went to my parents today ( I missed them so much . ) Work from 6-2 . Just spending time with my baby and some friends . Then bed . Goodnight sweet dreams . 
chilling with my homies , and apparently it's ok to see wwe live and in person . the two lovebirds kicking one another's butts . Time to go see < PROPFEMALE > , then bring home the new couch . so excited , just not about lifting it . 
And Then ..! andthenandthenandthenandthenandthenandthen ...... Bout to eat some chinese . shower . and wait for my man to get home . thank you for the couch < PROPFIRST > and mr. Tom . love ya guys . Can't wait to see my baby ! xoxox <3 <3 
ugh ! get sleep must be the rain or the fact that I fell asleep at 9 . either way I should be sleeping ... Night . 
Good LUCK Ma < PROPFEMALE > ! mom's surgery is today and everything is going to be ok . You're a strong wo < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPFEMALE > . Dev and I will be there . Love you ! 
Family . Friends . & my baby are the only people that matter to me . To all of you ; thanks for always having my back . To mom & dad You're the most important influences and without you guys i'd be lost . To my baby/ best friend You're amazing & I couldn't imagine life without you . just thought some appreciation to those most important in life was well deserved . <3 <3 
I have the world's most incredible boyfriend & today is his birthday . HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY ! today is your day & you deserve nothing but the best . Have a wonderful 20th birthday , and a wonderful upcoming week . I love you Devan ! <3 
hanging with my buddies ! work tomorrow . and then I don't know , whatever the day brings . love you baby thinkin bout ya . 
at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE>'s waiting for my baby . Have the next two days off .. FINALLY ! 
Things are changing , & from here on out it's gonna be better . Once we get on our feet we will have absolute and complete freedom . Wait and see baby We are gonna be alright . love you more than I've loved anyone . 
Hanging out people who care about me . besides my Family . & my Baby . Soon Baby I'll see you . I love you Devan 
Hanging out with my mama tonight . thanks for the homemade soda and BBQ chicken pizza . love you mama . 
sorry about being so busy on the holidays .... but yesterday was the best \ 
Christmas ever ! love you baby . HAPPY Belated Christmas to all those I didn't get in touch with over the phone . 
Monday Night Football . With the boys . < PROPFIRST > . and My baby .... 
after every bad thing comes a positive and so they say time heals everything . I'd rather heal time with you and make nothing but good memories .... 
With my Roomies ... You know what it is ! Bout to go see my baby and have a great day . Time for something's to change and get my shit together , and make this happen . Love you Guys ! Love you baby you are my everything . 
Nothing is perfect , Not in the least ! no matter how close we look at it . There's always more to the picture , more than what meets the eye but at the end of the day I know what I want . Who I need in my life , & thankful even when I know I'm not perfect . You Only Live Once , & Understanding is part of a Solution . 
Ash N ' < PROPMALE > Grems goin out 2 lunch !!! yeahhhh ...! Then movies tonight ! 
About to turn in for the night . This week has been crazy so TGIF ! Other than that I can only hope everything will turn out Ok . ( Ten minutes to midnight .. ) HAPPY ONE Year Baby . May there be many more I Love you Devan Woods ! 
Chillin With Ash N ' Tom ... Then my baby will be here . Get ready for a fun night baby ! :) 
Just had an amazing Thanksgiving like dinner with my baby . & some good friends . Thanks mom for teaching me how to make that homemade Gravy ! And most importantly I'd like to thank < PROPFEMALE>'s and my baby For cooking this delicious Turkey . ? 
Baby went to work . just chillin and waiting for my baby to comeback ! <3 
As time goes on .. no matter how hard you try you can't change anyone but yourself . ( And that's if you're willing to lose who you once were to make yourself realize that not just you . But everyone has flaws . ) Seeing the world in a different light makes you open to just about everything but in a way it make you put your defenses up even more . Now I see more and more you're the one for me baby . <3 
Syracuse Vs . Pittsburgh .. Game On ! Lets go orange . 
hanging out with an old friend , catching up before he leaves for bootcamp on monday . may the good times continue and < PROPMALE > comes back as the few and the proud . Semper Fi ! miss you mikey and love you guys ! 
Its litterly two degrees out . freezing . Brrr ! cant wait till baby gets back from buffalo . love you baby . 
Hanging with my baby , have tomorrow off and it's gonna be a great night and a wonderful day tomorrow ! <3 :D love ya babyboy ! 
Went downtown to syracuse at 10 am . it took us half an hour to finding a parking stop . Hanging at patterson's drinkin coffee and watching the guys play zombies . cant wait till march . 
just relaxing then off to bed . work at six 
\I'm gonna beat you like a red headed step child ! \"- Williamson ! Have the next two days off . hanging with patterson and < PROPMALE > till dev gets out ! it's nazi zombie time ! " 
happy valentines And single Awareness day to all . Love you baby ! you are my world . my best friend . and the best boyfriend I could ever ask for . Aimez vous mon < PROPMALE > bébé , mon Amour <3 <3 
only day off this week . so today is gonna be a fun . no if ands or buts kinda day . gotta go to best buy . dmv . car wash . bank . Laundry . All kinds of fun . hit us up if ya wanna do something . <3 can't wait to chill with you Chels ! 
Work at 8 . shower . then bed . with my baby what could be better ?! -absolutely Nothing . - I'm with my favorite person in the whole world ! 
Only 6 months until summer .. plenty of time to get that summer bod back . Time to shape up and get this ass in gear . I'm so Ready ! 
hanging with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . waiting for baby to get outta work . Oswego for the night . no work tomorrow for once . Lets look at the glass half full . -startng with the good news-went to lunch with the best people ever ! The bad news is our future landlord is trying t scam us & pull a fast one . either way We will be ok and I'm goin to enjoy my day off . 
Playin bunco with chels . < PROPMALE > . brit . cant wait to see my baby . 
had a busy day at work from 6-1 then for the last hour it was smooth sailing for there . waiting for hubby to get outta work . which is less than an hour and i'm syked . moving into our first place in four days . <3 love you babe ! 
Sometimes you gotta let the good things happen and work together on evacuating the bad out of your life . Then you can be completely and truly happy before you take that step . 3 days baby Love You ! 
Moved into our place yesterday and with it being two wonderfully exciting/exhausting days . Time to relax , unwind and hope I get par t-t ime at < PROPFIRST>'s soon . Love you babe ( so glad we have our own place ) you are amazing . 
At home .. while baby's at work . what to do ? maybe i'll clean , be a lazy bum , or make dinner . mhm ... 
Made my first homemade meal last night . garlic & < PROPMALE > . italian breaded chicken . pasta . and roasted tomatoes . yay im so proud . ( even if its over food ) . 
SHIT ! my phone fell in the Toliet ( by accident ) and i'm sure its gone for good . I have such horrible luck with phones . so hit me up through here or you'll know where i'll be . 
it has been a pretty hectic day . For being an < PROPFEMALE > day , It's been unlucky to being lucky . ( If that makes any sense ! ) Dev Woke up with an allergic reaction to laundry detergent but with a trip to the doc's it's all cleared up now . Lets pray for the rest of the day to be sane . Anyway about to relax & sit back and eat one of my faves . ( Corned-beef & Cabbage ) <3 Love you babe . HAppY St. Patrick's Day To ALL !! <3 <3 <3 <3 
Got back from < PROPMALE > & Megs ! <3 < PROPMALE > out with my fave little Brother kev . Great Time with y'all . Just got out the shower and now it's time to get ready for work tomorrow and then fun time With < PROPMALE > & Chels <3 <3 Can't Wait !! 
Went to urgent care this morning , turns out I have strep Throat . On Amoxicilian for 10 days . My Hubby is the greatest . Miss you already AJ ! 
Went back to work today after 3 days . Man am I exhausted . whew ! Had fun hanging with some old friends last night . ( You guys are Da Bomb ! ) Now at home waiting for my baby to get home to Canoodle with him . <3 
About to chill with Chrissie , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and his girl . And my baby's at work from 2-10 ( so hopefully I wont feel so much like the 5th wheel . ) LoL . Good Thing I love My Fiancee ' .. jkjk 
With my baby , Chrissie and < PROPMALE > ! yay ! work at 6 night 
Its taken years to find peace And < PROPFEMALE > in my life . its not about being selffish . ecentric . or complete oblivious . after all this time you realize you cant change people . their actions or anything else . all you can do is live your life no matter how young they say i am for being engaged . in reality it doesnt matter what anyone thinks . we're not kids anymore but we are still growing at every age . 
Got home from work .... ( ugh !! ) time for Crunches , push-ups . Laundry . Cleaning . & then finally a shower after a hectic day at a coffee-shop . Text me . Hopefully hanging out with people later . Hit Me Up !!! 
On break .... stuck at work till 2 . cant wait to get out of here ! go home ... play with < PROPFEMALE > . call outback . and then chill off tomorrow . 
Watching some B-rated Horror movie called summer's < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > Greene in it . Waiting for my baby to get home so we can go shopping for FOOD ! yes ! 
