ready to play softball and watch them tigas tomorrow !! 

need a place in starkville ?? let me know asap !!! 
tired of all the stupid people that surround me ... i need a vacation !! 
anyone moving to starkville to go to school and needs an apartment for cheap let me know !!! 
the insanity continues !! Go tigas !!! 
ready to go shopping !!! YAY ! Havent been in so long .. I am going through withdrawls !!! AHH 
ready for a lovely day at work .... yay 
not wanting to work today ! doubles is the worst punishment !! 
sooo ready for the first so that i can be with < PROPMALE > everyday again !! Come visit us in Tupelo !! 
why does everything have to take so much money ??!! 
i need more friends !! i hate sitting at the house !! 
ready to party !!! But i miss my joshie poo !! ahhhhh 
having a good time with the in-laws !! Gotta love family time !!! 
ready to head to memphis is the a.m. for some softball action !!! it is goin to be so cold but i get to see my baby play some ball !! 
trying to enjoy the time with the fam !! it ain't everyday that you get to come home and visit !! Everything is so crazy in this world , and i dont want to go to work in the morning !!!! 
Some things once broken can never be fixed .. 
finally got the internet at home !! yay !! This screen is so much bigger than my phone !! 
a day off ... what am i to do !! 
A double today then i am off !! But i have to move in the new roomy and watch a very nice baseball game !! Baseballs the greatest !! 
Apologies are supposed to fix it but they do not . You live and you love and eventually you will lose , but why can we not still live & love but as different people . I love my life & would not change it for the world ! I am sorry to the people that I have hurt but you all have helped me get to the place that I am now and I can never thank you enough for it ! One day maybe we can work things out . 
work .. gotta love it or live in your car 
what do you do when everything you do is wrong 
< PROPFEMALE > how many people know someone names shithead ? pronounced shi-thead 
oh nooo !! your tires all flat and junk !! let me pull out my cellular and call you a wrecker .. oh shoot i cant cause im a pot hole .. sooooo ... k bye !!! 
bam a lam 
going to party at prom tonight !!! Get to see my girl < PROPFEMALE > !! 
why is it so hard to find good friends that u can < PROPFEMALE > out with instead of staying home ? i need a life work sucks 
so tired of this little girl ! she thinks that just bc she is the mother of my lil brothers baby that he should be with her ! This is real life < PROPFEMALE > , if he wasnt your boyfriend while you were pregnant why would he be with you now ! He is 17 years old how in the world do you expect him to support you and < PROPMALE > ! Grow up you lil immature girl ! 
pray for my family please my uncle just passed away from cancer 
some days just get harder not easier 
Hates drama with a passion 
why cant the people that were supposed to be your friends just stay your friends and not drop u just cause things dont got their way ? 
sun burn is sooo not my favorite thing ... 
yes no maybe .. i dont know . can you repeat the question 
some guys can give a girls moodiness a run for her money !! 
nothing beat a < PROPFEMALE > after work !! 
drinking a < PROPFEMALE > at outback !! mmmm 
heart to hearts are not always as fulfilling as they are meant to be 
getting ready for a very long and crazy night at work ... 
gettin my sun on !!! 
why is it when u really try to please someone it never really works out the way its supposed to or the repsonse isnt right 
headed to work .. fun fun 
wonders if slapping a few ppl around would make the day a better one 
gotta work on this beautiful day ... not fair at all !!! 
drinking a few margaritas at chilis !! yum !! come join me !! 
finna go get some beer and lay by the pool !! gonna be a good day !! 
why is it that some men try to make decisions without the person they live with and then get mad when it comes back and bites them in the ass 
so some people will complain about things being dull and boring when they should be out finding a job bc they are supposed to be grown ... lazy ppl drive me crazy 
you know it is really nice to be invited sometimes ... they say they love you but cant ask you to go anywhere with them 
so finally a day off and all i wanna do is be by the pool with a nice cold beverage 
its amazing how your life can change ! one moment u think its all going in one direction and then all the sudden u go in a completely different direction ! the unpredictablness of life is what makes it so great !! 
guys are stupid .. and thats that 
pickwick !! hells yea !! its gonna be awesome !! 
so the point of getting a job u know u are going to quit is what exactly ... 
lucky joes for jens bday !! 
workin 2 jobs is pretty tough !!!!! 
wish i had had a girls night tonight .... 
lost one of my best friends this week .. he was a great man and a great < PROPFEMALE > ! ill always love u < PROPFIRST > ! RIP < PROPFIRST > bovia 
what do u do when u lose someone u love ? even if u dont talk to them everyday doesnt mean u love them less .. how do u keep on going knowing they will never call or write again ... 
why does this have to hurt so bad ? I miss him he was my best friend 10 years is a long time to know a person . 
semper fidelis 
the people you love even tho they may be gone never truly leave you .. they are forever in your heart . Its all about how you choose to honor that person that really matters ! 
im tired of so many things , nothing ever goes the way i plan .. i need a break 
finally started serving !!!! Come see me at Outback !! 
i like it on the door .. 
love a < PROPFEMALE > after a loooonnnggg day/night t work ! 
Ready to get home and chill ! 
Really don't want to work tonight !! 
Ready for Memphis tomorrow !!! Softball all day and drinking all nite !!! 
Put your junk in reverse !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > night !!!! 
gotta long night ahead of me ... maybe ill make some money tonight !!! 
Carving pumpkins at work !! Awesome !! 
I'm so tired of working !!! When is vacation gonna start !?!? 
Back to work again .. Long night at the outback !! 
Pretty good weekend so far ! < PROPMALE > has been amzing ! We needed the good quality time that we got this weekend 
Stupid lil girls need to learn when to leave people alone .. Stop trying to get people in trouble especially when jail time is involved ! Also some guys need to see when they are dealing with trouble !!! 
its a beautiful lie ... 
Trying to walk my dogs but the ground is still to wet so they are filthy !! Bath time when we head home !!! 
Pretty good night at work so I need to celebrate with a < PROPFEMALE > or three !! Chilis here I come !! 
Bout to go to this meeting at the outback then hair cut and mall time !! 
tell me would u kill to save a life ? tell me would u kill to prove your right ? 
I fell apart .. but got back up again 
They all said it was in the water ... And I guess they were right !! I took a small sip and now .. Bam a baby !!! 
Word of advice if u go to a resturant and it has host be nice cause they control how and when u get sat !! 
I have a hundred < PROPMALE > before I sleep 
It's gonna be a long day and all I wanna do is sleep !! 
Why do people think that pajama pants can be worn anywhere anytime ? I don't get it 
I am so tired of the snow !! I never thought I would be so ready for the horrible eat of the summer !! 
I will never forget .. no no .. I will never regret .. no no .. I will live my life !!! -30 seconds to mars , Closer to the Edge 
Work is overrated ! 
Thank everyone for all the birthday wishes !! It has been a awesome day !! 
Sometimes working really hard gets u absolutely no where .. U get your ass handed to u and no one gives a damn .. Well i will work hard no longer if it gets me no where 
The way I see it , if by some < PROPMALE > u r ever given a 2nd < PROPMALE > u should work your ass off to make that 2nd < PROPMALE > the best thing that could hve evr happened .. No holding back no second guessing ! And this goes for both parties NOT just one person 
