enjoyed the experience of having her car slide into a stone barrier today . Thankfully neither she nor the car were damaged , but she did find it oddly fun ... it was like bumper cars . Oh , and Happy New Year , all . Thank the gods this one's over ! 

cried like a little baby at Part 2 of The End of Time . I am SUCH a geek . XD Goodbye , < PROPFIRST > Tennant , you will be greatly missed :( 
is still in pain from her back , but despite that has had a blast at Monster Mania and is sad it's the last day . 
is tired and sore but had a great day . Got to hug Mrs. Vorhees and chat with < PROPMALE > from the Evil Dead . They were both absolute sweethearts . 
RIP Grandma < PROPFEMALE > . I love you and miss you . 
barely slept last night yet again . Leaving for funeral stuff in an hour . Today's going to be long and sucktastic . 
is home sick from food poisoning . I liked the Dim Sum , but I don't think it liked me . :( 
is watching Smokin ' Aces yet again . I <3 the Tremors . 
still not feeling well today . Bleh . Oh well , I'll adjust to the diet eventually , and it'll all be worth it in the end . 
has a fever of 99.0 . Earlier it was 99.4 , so at least it's getting better . Grahhhh . > 8 ( 
thinks AMC is reading her mind in showing Constantine tonight . Heehee . 
is staying in bed all day today and hoping that this cold gets better soon . Fook my immune system ! 
still isn't feeling wonderful , but at least has 3 full days to rest up and plenty of antibiotics and other medicines to make her feel better . 
I'm so goth that even my tongue's turned black . 
just set her Facebook language to pirate . Facebook just became that much more awesome for me . 
is feeling like shit physically and highly irritable today . 
Yarrrr . Happy talk like a pirate day ! 
Ich hab keine lust . 
is feeling spooky . 
would love to take a nap , but that ain't gonna happen . Leaving soon to go visit my aunt and her new kitten ( 8 weeks old ! Heehee ! ) , then go to a wake for a great-aunt I never met . Busy busy . 
is finally watching the \True Blood\ " series and absolutely loves it so far . Why didn't I watch this before ?! It's fantastic . " 
just finished all 24 episodes of True Blood in under 48 hours . I am hooked and in love with this show . <3 
is in an extremely foul mood today and can't figure out why . 
got her flu shot today . Ow ow ow my arm :( Now I get to wait for an hour for a prescription for some asthma medicine . Wee . 
Watching a 2-hour special on werewolves on Animal Planet . Between this , Lost Tapes , and Monsters Inside Me , Animal Planet's been getting a LOT cooler lately . 
Happy Halloween & Blessed Samhain ! 
still has a lot of issues to work out . It's going to take a long time , but at some point , things WILL begin to resemble normal again . I hope . 
had a good burst of energy/feeling good for a little while ... now it's back to feeling like a zombie . Wee -.- 
would love to have the ability to stay up past midnight again .... seems that isn't going to happen anymore . Poop . G'night . 
is embarking on the long , hard road to recovery . It may take months , a year , years , who knows how long , but some day , I'll achieve that level of progress I'd made once before . 
is off to a GREAT start today . < /sarcasm > 
is very pleased that her parents seem to have completely accepted her spiritual path , resulting in much more < PROPFEMALE > within the household . Huzzah ! :) 
is just glad this damn holiday is pretty much over . I'm spending the rest of my night watching any non-Christmasy movie I can find . 
Happy New Year ! 
I started rewriting an old story I wrote about 3 years ago . Once it's done , it'll be posted on my writing blog and shared with all . This year I'm getting serious about writing again ; it's been way too long ! 
is very much aware of her eccentricity and damn proud of it !!!! 
has a laser screwdriver . * points to profile picture * MWAHAHAHAHA . > 8D 
Black ! 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? you ? hope ? gets ? run ? over ? by ? a ? fleet ? of ? cement ? mixers 
In memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . 
is officially 25 years old . Happy Birthday to me ! 
doesn't enjoy waking up to find herself in the middle of an anxiety attack so severe that her muscles ache from tension -.- 
is growing to hate computers and other various pieces of technology found at her office . Thank the GODS this week is almost over . 
is spending most of this weekend sleeping and recuperating from the uber stress fest that was last week at work . 
feels like someone stabbed her in the gut with a really big knife ... ow >.< 
hates waking up to a freezing cold room . Is winter over yet ? Oi . 
loves \Mystery Diagnosis\ " on Discovery Health . It's like House only real and minus the snark . " 
When a person dies , it's not their death and the fact that they're gone that we should reflect upon , but their life and our good memories with them . Focusing on a death will only cause more unneeded pain , pain that the person who passed would likely not want to see you in . When someone dies , you need to live . 
So who in the goddamn piss-hell stole the fuckin ' truck ? 
doesn't feel like moving today . At all . 
is looking forward to Decadence on Friday ! Costume is all set and ready to go . Mwaha . 
is tired and can't seem to get rid of this cough . No other cold symptoms , just a wretched cough . I should probably make an appointment with the doctor . Bleh . 
is going to be returning to a life of piracy . Yarrr ! 
is drinking Jameson whiskey for the first time and is in love with it . 
I am ridiculously drunk and odnt ' know how I an even stand up right now XD Whiskey makes everything funny . 
I'm proud of my people ( the < PROPFEMALE > ) for making such good whiskey 
is more tipsy than shehas ever been ..... coworkers , shhhhhh . Can't have this on m record now . 
is amazed by the biological effects of alcohol . 
is still feeling the effects of that Jameson from last night -.- I still love it , but oi . Kicked my ass . 
really wants to go to Decadence tonight but may end up staying home if she's not feeling better by then . Hopefully she'll be up for it ! 
is ordering an entire new body from GeneCo . Between my back , my knee , and now a lovely case of food poisoning , I'm sick of it -.- 
has been in pain with her back , knees , head , and other areas for two months+ now and is fucking sick of it . The doctor is being called TOMORROW . I'm tired of not being able to do anything . 
is aggravated she has to wait til Friday to even call to make an appointment for the doctor . I need something for the pain like , NOW . Not a single OTC painkiller is working . Not a single one . :( 
Went to the doctor , there could be a bunch of things causing the chronic pain , and so the barrage of tests have begun , starting with bloodwork . In the meantime , I've been given a couple of meds to help with the pain . Yay pain relief . 
is feeling particularly achy today . Good thing my whompin ' stick doubles as a walking stick . 
is going to have to use a cane from now on until whatever's wrong with me is fixed and I have no more dizziness when I stand/walk -.- 
feels particularly shitty today . 
Bloodwork came back normal , which doesn't help me that much , and I don't get to see the doctor again until April 26th . Urgh . 
is completely in love with < PROPFEMALE > Autumn <3 
can't fucking take being sick anymore . I need a diagnosis and a cure or treatment like NOW . It's getting to be fucking unbearable . 
Today sucked really bad , and now I'm left even MORE stressed out about being sick and the consequences of it . Bleh . Back to the doctor tomorrow , if all goes well . 
Is spending the day at the ER . WEEEE ! 
Just got discharged . Yay . 
is home from the ER , with no new pain meds to help me . Grrr . So , I'll be seeing my regular doctor on Monday about it . In the meantime , I'm doing nothing but resting today and tomorrow . 
feels especially achy today and is pissed she doesn't have any fucking painkillers that actually work . I'm so sick of being sick . 
I find that the more depressed I am , the more I indulge in horror related things . I guess it's sort of a security blanket for me ? Hmm . 
is at the doctor's . Again . Let's hope I can get some real help this time ! 
\Plants and turtles . I only keep pets I can eat . \"" 
is still feeling achy and constantly fatigued , but her spirits are up ... so , some progress ? I think so . 
is having more issues related to her mystery illness pop up . Looks like this mess is far from over . -.- NOT HAPPY . 
Is so indulging in some Horror therapy . Saw 5 and some other goodies ... maybe even Behind the Mask again . Mwaha . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > FTW . 
loved Saw V , now to finally get around to seeing Saw < PROPFEMALE > and I'll be all caught up . I must say , I was skeptical of all the sequels past 3 , but I've been impressed . 
has decided to wait another year or so to go back to school ( so , 2012 instead of 2011 ) so I can research more options and save money . 
is finally getting around to watching Saw 6 . So far , loving it . 
has to use the freaking cane today due to muscle pain and weakness plus sciatica . YAY . -.- 
thought she was starting to get better but turned out to be totally wrong . Looks like I'm in for a long , bumpy ride . -.- 
is loving the thunderstorm now that she doesn't have to be out in it !!!! So peaceful and spooky all at once . :) 
thinks that getting up out of a chair shouldn't be so painful -.- On the bright side , watching \Mortuary . \ " Damn good movie . " 
woke up extremely anxious and very sore and stiff . Worst of the symptom flareups , minus the dizziness ( which has made an on/off return ) . Hours later , I'm still jittery and anxious . Ugh . I can't stand it . 
can't wait to see her pirates tomorrow !!!! 
is sore as hell but had a great time visiting the pirates at Smith's Castle :) 
hates being treated like she's just a drug addict trying to get high on painkillers when she isn't and actually is in pain . -.- 
Hoping that < PROPFIRST>'s has some rubber stamps in the shape of skulls and possibly even bats and the like . Or at the very least some stickers . 
Doctor's appointment now then a short visit to Swan Point to visit Mr. Lovecraft and just relax if the place is open to the public by that time . 
is very sad she couldn't get into Swan Point due to construction workers :( 
is off to the doctor again tomorrow afternoon . Going to demand that I actually get more in the way of a physical exam ... Xrays , MRI , etc . And I want a referral to see a rheumatologist . The doctor needs to stop treating a theory and help me find an actual diagnosis . 
While I hope I can get an MRI or something done today , I'm also terrified at the idea because I have to go alone and have a < PROPMALE > hospital phobia . :( 
The only hospitals I'm ok with are < PROPMALE > due to knowing it well and the St. < PROPFIRST>'s ER since they're super nice . 
is in the doctor's office waiting for the doctor . 
Doctor's went great . She's referring me to a neurologist and a rheumatologist and is scheduling me an MRI . 
can't wait to go see Iron Man 2 tomorrow . < PROPFIRST > Downey Jr. <3 For now , getting ready for bed while watching \Snoop Dogg's Hood of Horror . \ " Why ? Because it's so bad it's hilarious . " 
IRON MAN 2 FUCKING ROCKED . I am so going again next weekend . 
is working hard to give herself a < PROPMALE > attitude makeover . 
needs to get to a cemetery for some relaxation and picture taking soon . Just need to find one that's open when I can get to it along with the energy to go , ha . 
feels like she is being slowly killed by stress . 
And my debt just keeps on increasing . $775 so far for my cat's medical bills , and that isn't the end of it . Fuck . 
keeps getting crushes on fictional killers . Right now it's Hoffman from the SAW series and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > from \Behind the Mask . \ " Should I be worried ? Nahhhhhh . " 
is having a new odd symptom : feeling terrified to fall asleep and therefore having trouble doing so then always waking up in a cold sweat . No reason for fear . 
wishes she had $50 to order the < PROPFEMALE > complete dvd series .... man I loved that show . 
Almost time to head off to the hospital ... nice that it's only 5 minutes from here . I'm nervous as hell . 
The MRI went well enough . Didn't freak out from being in such a < PROPFEMALE > place ; just kept my eyes closed and listened to the soothing racket of the machine , ha . No idea when I'll be getting results , but I hope it's soon . 
is so wiped out from today . Bedtime soon , after I finish watching Saw 4 for the ten millionth time . 
is suddenly scared to death of what that MRI could show . 
knows she shouldn't be making assumptions this early , but is still terrified as to the possible bad things the MRI could show . Like , really , really fucking terrified . I need a damn sedative , stat . 
Needs new glasses . I'll save up to get them in the summer . I really want black wire frames and a light blue tint to the lenses . Gotta be stylish . Pwahaha . 
MRI was normal ! No tumors or anything like that . Of course , this tells me nothing of what's wrong with me , but at least I know it's not my brain . :) 
is attempting to learn the fine < PROPMALE > of Not Giving A Shit . These days , it's becoming necessary to numb yourself or you will simply go batshit insane . 
needs a vacation badly . No work , no doctor's appointments , < PROPFEMALE > . Just relaxation for days on end . 
saw a neurologist today . He seems to think I may be having seizures , little ones causing my various symptoms , and so in 2 weeks I have to go for an EEG . 
Apparently , seizures are a symptom of fibromyalgia . I did not know this . Makes a stronger case for fibro in being my #1 suspect if the EEG shows seizure crap . 
loves her deranged dog <3 
is hoping she can get into Swan Point this morning . With this weather , I can get some great pics . Already took some good ones of the Butler campus . :) 
took some gorgeous pics at Swan Point . Gonna edit and spookify them then will upload later . :D 
Tornado possibility ?! Really ?! Fuck ! 
is unhappy to report that the physical pain is getting much worse . It seems to increase every 2 weeks or so . Good thing I see a barrage of medical types this week . Oi . 
Getting ready to go see the rheumatologist . Nervous , but at least he's not far from here . 
I have an official diagnosis finally : Fibromyalgia . The rheumatologist and the intern doctor working with him both agreed upon this . I'll be seeing another doctor who specializes in it to start treatment and such in the near future . 
I received an official diagnosis from the rheumatologist today : It's fibromyalgia . It's a relief to finaly know why I'm sick . 
wants to go to bed SO bad . :( 8 and a half more hours til the test , then probably about .... 5 hours after that until I can be home and can sleep . 
Keep your fingers crossed my EEG results are normal ; if I have seizure activity , I am not allowed to drive and have to go for 9 months seizure free before I'd be able to again . :( 
is happy that her favourite Urban Legends show is on for the next hour and twenty minutes or so :) 
wishes that she either A ) had HBO or B ) could find a site that will be streaming True Blood online . Been looking and still can't find one :( I'll watch it tomorrow if I must , but I don't want to wait !!!! 
Today needs to just be done and over with . And tomorrow . Need weekend and relaxytime BAD . I'm almost completely off of the pain medication as per doctor's orders . And no , the pain is not better at all . -.- Stupid Vicodin being bad for fibromyalgia .... blah . 
needs an escape , big time . 
May have found an inexpensive online course for funeral service . Going to look more into it before making a decision , but it is a possibility ! 
is sick as hell with a nasty cold , but at least received some good news today in that the EEG results are clear of seizure activity . I will be able to continue to drive :) 
Almost just took one of my sleeping pills . Yeah , that would've been bad . 
Too weird to live , too rare to die . 
Looks like the mortuary college thing just isn't going to happen . It's just impossible given my location and need to keep my full time job . Gonna look into journalism . Could be interesting . 
I have said and done many things to anger , upset , and even push away people in the past , especially during the last several months . For this , I am truly sorry . It ends right now . I don't like who I've become , so it's time to start changing . 
has an appointment at 8PM to speak on the phone with her enrollment advisor at Ashford University regarding the Journalism & Mass Communication Program . Woohoo ! 
College talk with the advisor went great !!!! Based on the way they do their program and how many credits I have from other colleges , I'll have my BA in Journalism & Mass Communication in 4 years , probably less !!!!! 
Started a medicine for fibromyalgia the other day , Gabapentin . It's not working on my body from the neck down , but it has been helping with my headaches .... it's a start ! 
is planning on starting up a blog all about the macabre some day once she's learned more about journalism . First item on the list for it : a trip to Cali to visit the Museum of Death so I can write all about it . Mwaha . 
will be creating two blogs this week : One on horror and the macabre via wordpress , and one about living with fibromyalgia via LJ . 
Fibromyalgia blog is up and running ! http://fibrofucked.livejournal.com 
needs to start preparing her article on cannibalism for her forthcoming blog of horror and the macabre . 
will be pulling an all nighter for an EEG starting tonight at 7:30 PM . OH JOY . Who's gonna stay up with me ? 
feels wicked lousy . Bleh . 
is watching \Fear and Loathing In Las Vegas\ " while trying to stay awake for her stupid fucking EEG at 7:30 am . She wants a nap badly . " 
Appreciate what you have ; one day , it could all be taken away from you . 
Been in the worst mood all weekend ; standard depression/anger shit . Watching the SAW movies now , as they always make me feel better . Hoffman FTW . 
I think my iPod touch is starting to die :'( 
Happy First Day of School to me ! I'm one step closer to my journalism career . Mwaha . 
is 2 episodes behind on True Blood . I need to catch up . 
successfully pierced her own ears . I feel accomplished . 
is feeling inspired to make her next blog post in the horror blog about urban legends . 
needs a monetary miracle ... overdraft fees that will be up to $250/300 by the time I can pay them , medical bills nearing $300 ... fuck . 
One frustrating thing about fibromyalgia is that the pain triggers are so simple ( like loading/unloading a dishwasher ) that I'm afraid people won't believe me . 
has been having more difficulty walking than usual since yesterday . Really hoping it doesn't turn into a permanent thing -.- 
is seriously Captain Grumpy Pants today . Oi . And it's only Monday . :'( 
is also really tired of seeing < PROPFIRST > Cera's face EVERYWHERE . He annoys the fuck out of me and needs to just go away . 
Perfect grades for week one of class . Hells yeah . 
GRAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!! That's all I have to say . 
hates the technology in this building . It all sucks . 
Holy Fibrofog Batman ..... my brain is REALLY zoning out today . 
Waiting to get my eyes examed . Weeeeeeeee . 
Tonight I'm finishing off my unhealthy Chinese leftovers then signing up for Weight Watchers online . Time to start getting healthy . 
Today was just awful and included some < PROPMALE > embarrassment to make it even MORE sucky . I'm glad it's over , and hope that the rest of the week is a lot better ! 
Diet attempt one is not working .... shaky and weak . Need to redo plans . Gabapentin is not helping . Fook . 
loves her new Doc Marten boots . If only that threading near the bottom were black and not yellow ... I think I shall be fixing that . Mhm . 
$7 and change for a single bottle of Tru Blood at Newbury Comics ... ridiculously expensive but I don't care , it's so damn tasty . 
really , really needs to get going with her blog ... now that my brain is not so askew as it was last weekend thanks to my little emergency this week , perhaps I shall work on it some this weekend . 
has collected a few good articles and an image or two for her first blog post , which will be on Aokigahara ( Japan's Suicide < PROPMALE > ) . The Urban Legends one will probably come next ; too fixated on this topic at the moment ! 
feels lost and isolated ... I have for some time now and I'm very tired of it . 
Does NOT feel good at all in any way , shape , or form . 
Dear doctor's office : Please call me back NOW . I've been waiting all damn day . 
I have hit rock bottom . I've been on my way there for a while now . Now it's time to try and figure out how to not only mend but strengthen myself . Hopefully I will survive the process . 
Some people just do not fucking get it . 
wishes she could walk properly . Good old sciatica flareup on top of everything else . Fuck this shit . Seriously . 
True Blood , I love you , but WHY !?!?!?!? Why did you have to go and do that ?!!?!?! :'( 
This\ 
week , we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but \ 
never met , or those we have held but could not take home . Make this your\ 
profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a \ 
baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is \ 
still a taboo subject . Break the silence . 
Off to the doctor's later today . Whoop < PROPFIRST > freakin ' doo . No matter how many times I've seen a doctor , I ALWAYS get nervous about going . 
really needs to get her hands on a copy of that Rolling Stone magazine with the amazing True Blood cover . 
misses being able to easily go out and do stuff . Now most activities either leave me in extreme discomfort and can't last long , or I need a wheelchair and someone to help with it ( a wheelchair being something I don't have yet . ) SFDLSFDSDSL . <- Frustration in print . 
It's so nice out today ! Still , I can't wait for fall weather , and of course Halloween . :) 
One more day and then it's back to work . I actually kinda miss it ; being home for a long period of time can drive you mental . I miss my coworkers !!!! 
Once I'm feeling better enough , I'm thinking of taking an acting class or two , brush up on the skills . I used to be very heavily into it in my teens and miss it . 
Instead of thinking of the things that I can't do , I'm going to start thinking of the things that I can . Holy shit , I'm becoming an optimist . Or trying to become one , at least . Scary , innit ? 
Today has sucked in so many ways . Work , car issues , carpal tunnel . I want it to be tomorrow -.- 
Medication has calmed me for now . I don't like relying on meds , but have to just a bit until my mental shit is together . 
Tonight's plan : call AAA and get my tire taken care of , go home , relax , and work on my post about my personal fears for my Blog of the Macabre . Almost done with the blog post ; just need to write a good conclusion . The blog lives !!!! 
I wish people would trust me once in a while . Or I wish I'd stop caring enough about others to try to give out advice that'll just get ignored . 
Dear cat : stop glaring at me , it's getting creepy . You chose to sleep on my bed while the TV was playing ; deal with the noise . 
Thundering out and the dog's hysterical . I feel bad :( 
needs to start planning Halloween decorations for the mailroom this year ! 
People don't seem to get that I do try to exercise , and that when I do , it REALLY hurts . 5 mins of it last night = my leg in agony today . 
is excited and a wee bit nervous about the True Blood finale tonight . While I find myself worrying of course about < PROPFIRST>'s fate , I also worry for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , just because I love them so damn much . No reason to worry , but I do anyway . 
Just seeing these fast food commercials ( KFC mostly ) makes me feel sick to my stomach . Ugh . I can't believe I used to be addicted to that kind of shit . 
Very sad I gotta wait til AFTER True Blood airs to watch it online ... as long as I can see it tonight !!!!!! 
Today was a nightmare , but it ended on what I think is a hopeful note . Hope so at least . 
Dear random people who think that my cane is a fashion accessory : you are fucking stupid . 
has been awake since 3am , and has spent the time doing homework . Now when I'm tired enough to go back to bed , of course , there's very little time left to actually sleep . BAH . 
The UPS guy informed me that my desk setup ( all horror stuff ) cracks him up . I'm amused . XD 
My heart is broken . No , I'm not elaborating or getting into it . 
:) 
\Machete\ " was fantastic . Absolutely ridiculous and extremely violent . " 
They're selling Halloween costumes based on ' Jersey Shore' ? That's like , the saddest thing ever . Giant banana costumes are cooler than that ! 
I'm slowly starting to become fond of spiders . I even kinda want a pet tarantula . 
is so sick of being tired , achy , and generally physically unwell , ugh ! Thankfully , I see my fibromyalgia specialist on Thursday . Wish me luck that he can help me ! 
Blessed Mabon !!!!!!! 
My USB drive I keep everything on is starting to act funny .... good thing I back it all up on my laptop . Still , blah ! 
So that cold I was complaining about ? Yeah , it's freaking pneumonia . FUCK . Do not want . I've never had it before , and it sucks . Off of work until Friday . 
September\ 
is cancer awareness month . In memory of every cancer patient , family \ 
member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor \ 
of those who continue to conquer it . Put this up for one hour if you \ 
love someone who has or had cancer . 
I vow to be a celeb-friendly journalist should my career go in that direction . I will never be paparazzi . Ever . 
There is no way I'm making it back to work as soon as the doctor wants me too ... I have been sleeping as much as I can and still feel awful . Back to the doctor's tomorrow . :/ 
Appointment with my primary doctor @ 10:30 am since the pneumonia's worse , not better . In the meantime , brainstorming non-gory office Halloween decor on a literally $0 budget . Hmm ... any ideas ? I have one that I'm sacrificing my Halloween costume for . 
Pneumonia induced mild delirium + overactive imagination = things are much more interesting right now than they were before . 
Congrats to my dad on his new job !!!!!!!!! 
Ok , so level of how shitty I'm feeling from the pneumonia has dropped from a 10 to a 7 or 8 ( 1 being feeling fabulous , 10 being me wanting to die from it because it sucks so bad ) . Hopefully I'll be ready for work Monday , even if still sick . I hate missing work . 
I sent a letter online to 5 newspapers regarding the rise of suicides in LGBT teens due to bullying , and one of them ( Westerly Sun ) called to say they're gonna try to get it published in a week or so !!!!!!! 
Watching a remake of \Children of the Corn\ " on SyFy ; they followed the original story really well so far ( I'm about 10 minutes in ) from what I remember . " 
OMG CALABRESE IS IN THIS BAD SYFY MOVIE !!!! YES !!!!! <333333 
Starting to feel better . One more day of rest should prep me for going back to work . I still won't be at 100% for a while , but just enough to function a bit better . 
Newsflash : Being gay , lesbian , transgendered , or bisexual is NOT a choice . It's how you're born . 
I don't know why a person would choose to be gay or trans given all the shit people give you for it . Only the ignorant believe it's a choice . 
Spirituality and religion-wise ? I dunno what to believe in anymore . Looks like it's time for more introspection and research . Again . 
is no longer actively pursuing or participating in any religion . I hold too much issue with too many of them , and my faith never holds strong for a while . I'm not saying I'm an atheist ; rather , I consider myself an agnostic . Maybe there is some form of God , maybe there isn't . 
is making bodyparts for the army of creeps she's building for the mailroom . 
Everything is sore .... so happy the work day is almost over . I can barely move . 
My spirituality has been restored thanks to a new guide . Hail Hecate ! 
Christian Death's \Decomposition of Violets\ " album + rainy day + Halloween planning + pumpkin spice coffee = a very happy Jessy . " 
Trying to remember the online game where you create your own nation and make daily decisions and stuff . City States , was it that ? I have no idea . Wish I did , it was fun . Played it in highschool and was ruler of the land of < PROPMALE > Gliebb , where public nudity was mandatory and pebbles were the currency of the land , and bats were the official mascot . 
The Black Spot Haunt was fucking awesome !!! 
No more gabapentin unfortunately means the return of the headaches of doom . Bleh , whatever . 
Haunted attractions can be quite therapeutic , whether you're the scarer or the scaree . 
is looking forward to scaring the crap out of people this weekend . www.blackspothaunt.com 
Been having issues with anxiety all week . Paranoia mixed in with it -.- I think working at the haunt , getting out all that bad energy and turning it into something good , is gonna help me a lot . Shit , last night's short visit helped more than anyone would think . All the bad stuff in mind and body just went away while I was there . 
is looking forward to scaring the shit out of people tonight !!!!!! 
I command you to go to the best haunted attraction in RI , The Black Spot Haunt : www.blackspothaunt.com 
I still have so much to learn in terms of haunt acting .... 
Lalala ... haning out in my crate , waiting for more victims to scare . 
had a blast scaring the crap out of people last night and can't wait to do it again tonight !!! 
More fun than the haunt is walking around full costume and makeup throguh < PROPMALE > and busters and confusing people :D 
Working in a haunt is something I was meant to do . I feel so at home amongst the screams and banging and other monster noises . 
is tired far beyond the aid of Monster . 
Happy National Coming Out Day . It's not easy to reveal that you are gay , lesbian , bisexual , transgendered , etc ., for fear of how people will react . I am a lesbian , and I no longer hold fear in saying such a thing about myself . It's who I am , how I was born , and so I hold no shame or disgust in it , but embrace it as part of my identity . 
Oh , fuck religion . 
The weekend can't come fast enough . I wanna go scare people some more ! 
1\ 
of every 10 people born is gay . That means 1 of 10 people is instantly \ 
put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority & so much \ 
more , all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are \ 
committing suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life \ 
... will get better and you respect them for who they are copy and paste \ 
this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% of you who will . 
Is it Saturday yet ?! 
The more of HP Lovecraft's work I read , the more respect and admiration for his talent and creativity I feel . In fact , I'm currently feeling quite inspired . 
Looking for something to do tonight ? Then go to the Black Spot Haunt ¡ Dave&Busters at the Providence Place Mall ! Open from 6-close . 
Wrote a very brief Lovecraft inspired drabble today . I'm rather pleased with it . 
This week has been pretty rough so far ... somehow I'm still alive , and looking forward even moreso to my \horror therapy\ " this weekend . " 
School stress has finally gotten to me ... so much to do and not enough time to do it ! GAHHHHHHHH ! 
No more Monster energy drinks for Jessy .... major anxiety inducer as I have learned the hard way . Makes me sad ,, but oh well ! 
will be stuck doing homework most of tonight , but YOU should spend your Friday at the Black Spot Haunt ! $10 and located ¡ Dave&Busters , Prov Place Mall . Open¡6 
And to clarify , no , I'm not going to kill myself . I'm just miserable to the point where my emotional misery makes my physical pain worse , and vice versa . I can barely even eat , it's that bad . So if I'm off or out of it or whatever for a while ? Now y'all know what's going on . 
has lost 9.5 lbs in the past few weeks purely due to being stressed ... guess it's good for something , eh ? 
is starting to feel a < PROPMALE > bit better . Just a < PROPMALE > . Maybe there is hope for my brain working in a way that doesn't bring about self-destructive thoughts and behaviour . TMI for ya there . 
Amitriptyline sucks . It makes me feel sick , tired , and STILL in pain . This is growing really fucking old . 
needs to get her shit together so she can live and have fun once again . 
www.blackspothaunt.com GO THERE ! ¡ Dave&Busters , ProvidencePlace Mall , 6pm and onward . $10 admission . They'll scare the ship out of you ! 
kept seeing the Elder Gods of Lovecraftian origin today during a Rorschach test today . Hmm . 
Check out the Black Spot Haunted House located at < PROPMALE > & Busters on the top floor of the Providence Place Mall , open at 6pm every night ! www.blackspothaunt.com 
had a thrilling day being sick to her stomach and staying in bed . What fun ! < /sarcasm > . Can I apply for a new body now , please ? I'm done being sick in various ways . 
is finally getting serious about losing weight and working in exercise into her routine . 
Man , I have a lot of research paper writing ahead of me tonight and this weekend . Eek . 
is getting annoyed with all of the spammers attacking the Blog of the Macabre .... guh ! I need to work out spam controls or something . 
www.blackspothaunt.com 6pm-closing ¡ Providence Place Mall in < PROPMALE > & Busters . GO THERE ! $10/person 
\Sherlock\ " ( the newEr series with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > as Watson ) is brilliant ! " 
www.blackspothaunt.com Tonight starting at 6pm ¡ < PROPMALE > & Busters in the Providence Place Mall ! $10/ticket . Check it out ! 
Day from Hell . Ugh . 
Should I stick with working on a degree in journalism or try to find a more successful field ? Many uncertainties about the future are creating doubt . 
Scrap that last post . I'm sticking with journalism . 
I just can't seem to get into the Halloween spirit this year , and that depresses me . Happened the last two years too . :( 
coming home to find cat vomit on my bed was NOT how I wanted the day to end . At least the DMV sent me a permanent handicapped parking placard . One good thing , I guess ? 
I can usually create some fantastic characters , but man , I really suck with plots , both creating and carrying them out . 
Happy Halloween and Blessed Samhain ! 
I find myself psychologically profiling characters from horror movies and other twisted fictional characters . Either this makes me a good writer in helping me to understand how characters ' minds work , or a huge nerd . 
Off to see SAW 3D tonight after work . Hells yeah !!! Hoffman <3 
At the theatre for SAW 7 ! 45 minutes early ... oh well XD 
SAW 3D was incredible . I am very , very happy with it and want to see it again . I think I can safely say that the SAW series has broken its tie with the < PROPFEMALE > Snaps series in terms of favourite horror film(s ) of all time and has taken the number one spot . Mhm . 
Totally fangirling here , but man , I really want to give Costas Mandylor a hug . He looks very huggable . 
I know it takes most medicines a whhile to kick in , but I started the Savella for my fibromyalgia yesterday and am already noticing small improvements ! 
Anxiety/stress-induced dizziness is kicking up at home ... usually it's just at work , but now it's at home too . What's really special is I can't figure out wtf is the exact stressor causing it . Gamo . -.- 
My Blog of the Macabre is dead . Two reasons : 1 . I have little inspiration for it now and haven't for a while , and 2 . I'm tired of all the spam and not knowing how to block it . If I ever feel like setting it up again , it'll be on LiveJournal or elsewhere where I can control spam better . 
Every religious path has something it can teach us . To find these lessons in each one brings you closer to Deity , whatever form you may see It/Him/Her/Them as . 
Writing papers for school while sick from a sinus infection = teh suck . I tried my best at least , though I know the paper I submitted is going to get a crappy grade . Bah . 
Dear God I hope I can afford to get my car inspected , have done what I know needs to be done , AND afford Yule/Christmas gifts this year .... GAH . 
Insomnia sucks , but at least it's good for me having more time to get things done , like homework . Speaking of which ... I am working on changing my < PROPMALE > to Applied Behavioral Science . More of a job-secure field than journalism , and just as interesting ( if not moreso ! ) 
Today I'm going to start working on using my cane as little as possible to see if it's possible to manage without it . 
Ok , so canelessness only lasted a little while into Stop and Shop , but it's a start . 
I need to actually log into Facebook more often instead of just posting stuff from my phone via text messages all the time . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . What am I thankful for ? Aside from family and friends , I'm thankful for everything my life has given me , good and bad . It's shaped me to be who I am , and continues to shape me , especially the bad . When bad things happen , it forces you to take action of some sort . That's what I'm doing now , and while I have a long way to go until I'll feel some sort of contentment , I'm getting there . 
ilikewhiskeyXDD 
You couldn't pay me enough to go shopping on Black Friday . I'm staying home all day . I can't even imagine how bad traffic will be . Ugh . 
Car inspection day ... anxiety levels are off the chart since I only have a little over $300 to cover anything that needs to be done >.< 
Tomorrow I start my 5th class with Ashford University , Introduction To Literature . Lit classes in the past have gotten me back into writing stories , I'm hoping this one does the same ! 2+ years without writing anything non-RP related is far too long . 
My car passed inspection , WOOHOO ! Huge relief there , huge , huge relief . 
I'm starting to feel that < PROPFEMALE > to write up some stories stir within me again . Thank you , Intro to Literature . 
When am I going to learn that Mountain Dew only makes my anxiety worse with the caffeine content ? Probably never . It's just so damn tasty . 
I need to buy more shirts . I have like 7 black teeshirts and while this isn't a bad thing , it does tend to make it look like I wear the same shirt every day . 
I want to go back to bed so bad ... fucking cold ( as in being sick , not the weather ) is kicking my ass . alas , I have no more sick days . Balls . 
Happy Solstice and Blessed Yule ! 
So , in addition to the shorter story projects , I'm going to be writing a book with the characters in the first story I posted on my blog . Huge , huge undertaking , but I think it could turn out pretty good . Time to start planning for it ! 
Wow I got a lot of happy birthdays !!! Thanks everyone !!!! :) 
I has norovirus . 
One good thing about today , my Boondock Saints action figures came in . 
Finally starting to feel better . I can now sit at a desk without feeling the need to collapse forward onto my keyboard . Definite sign of improvement . 
Well , I THOUGHT I was better . Felt awesome last night . Then this morning ? Awful , awful , awful . Ah well . 
This \Face Off\ " show on SyFy is pretty damn cool . " 
First I get an email indicating that I've been invited to join the < PROPFEMALE > Key International Honour Society , then another one stating that I've made the < PROPFIRST>'s list for the fall semester . Academic life is damn good right now . 
I'm going to be looking into < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > as exercise . My fibromyalgia pain's been really bad lately , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > seems to be the type of exercise that I could still do even with that issue . 
Hopefully , the Ambien I was prescribed will do its job and fix my insomnia issue . The last week's been particularly bad , and exhaustion has made me not at all myself , something I'm not pleased about . 
Spent most of the morning at the DMV , now I'm at the theatre waiting for \The Black Swan\ " to start . " 
