RIP Mr. Zarate 

Oh dear , the sky's falling and here I am without an umbrella ... shit .... 
Welcome to the Loser's Day Parade ! 
One of these days I'm gonna change things around and talk to me and no one else 
We're not building a themed adventure for Mega Man , just kill him ! 
Note to self : You know those days when you ask yourself how can your life get any worse and then it does ? Stop asking yourself that , whoevers in charge of life will be happy to show you 
Today was one of the coolest days of my life , Chalise Varner is still as awesome as ever :D 
Oh hey , time to get ready already , that was fast 
That was a short class , stupid tests , I could've stayed up all night 
Hey there , all you people and people substitutes , check out my stories in my notes when you can and tell me what you think . I will have the mass gratitude . For now I hunger so I'm off to find pasta . I am out . 
Men , Monsters , Women and Weirdo's , Check out the stories I wrote . They're in my notes , please leave comments , I'd love to know what you think . Thanks :D 
Friends , Romans , Zoidberg , Read my stories in my notes , they are on my notes , and continue to remain in my notes . Leave comments please . Thank you :D 
My stories , read them on my notes . leave comments . Please ? 
Aw hell 
Hanging with Ms. Chalise Varner ftw ! Freezing conversations outside until 10:30 lol . \I don't know how to tie my own shoes \"" 
It took me a long time , but I just got Reno 911 !. I thought the gag was that the police officers were just supposed to suck , but apparently everyone is incompetent . Even the epitome of evil , the head of the KKK chapter in Reno , has a black wife . Even the villains are failures at what they do . Everyone is a jackass there , and now I love this show . Analysis FTW ! 
You ! dig ! giant robots ! I ! dig ! giant robots ! We ! dig ! giant robots ! Chicks ! dig ! giant robots ! Megas XLR theme ftw ! I miss that show 
Some of you are white , some of you are black ... you're brown ... and you're silver ! 
Gané el juego 
Yard work is actually really fun when you get to man an ax . The tree doesn't stand a < PROPMALE > ! 
\You see what happens when people get hit in the head ? They like my movies ! \ " —Boll on fighting ( and winning ) against all of his critics in a boxing ring ( fuck he's a dumb man ) " 
FML :( 
I've never been good at trying to smile when I'm sad . Today took some world class acting 
:/ 
drinking hot chocolate , hell yes 
Facebook makes my head hurt 
The Beatles were wrong , all you really need is a lot of like some hot chocolate and maybe the Beach Boys . :D 
As far as TV show theme songs go , I really dig the tune for The Office . 
The smell of a wet outside world , I love it :D 
Didn't know ALSH had a wikipedia < PROPFEMALE > , with a controversy section ... It's the most prominent part of the entry ... I knew that place sucked 
ALHS , whatever 
Lullaby would actually make a really good movie 
My lullaby is killing My lullaby is stilling It could be such sweet silence From static from violence 
Aw today just sucks 
Woke up at 5:30 to go to a class that was cancelled for today . Shit . 
I'm a caring person but you .... you in particular won't get any sympathy from me 
Car crash going 60 on the freeway , my neck is all scratched up and purple , shit what a day 
\A very good measure of how good your friends are is how much you can insult them without them taking offense . \ " -Internet " 
How can so many policemen shooting in one direction not hit the whitefaced clown wearing a bright purple suit ? Gotham police suck so bad , why would anyone live there ? 
Am I a fan of common sense or of common nonsense ? Is there a cure for that ? 
It's almost one in the morning ! Don't any of you people sleep ?! 
Often I find myself looking through the recesses of the tornado wasteland that is my mind for the song that I just want to hear , buried by minute wonders and less than qualified yet incessantly catchy jingles . Then , and I hope you'll all experience it one day , once you give up , you hear it somewhere by accident . I live for these 2-4 minutes of bliss that is fulfillling the emotional craving for one song . 
just listened to < PROPMALE>'s Silver Hammer for the first time . I can pretty much see why people might have thought the Beatles ( or maybe just Ringo ) were evil . I have never heard a song so awful yet so awesome at the same time . He fucking laughs before the chorus ( where < PROPMALE > kills again ) is < PROPFIRST > the second time ! 
Universal Truth 1 : Most songs can be made just that more epic if done in a string quartet converesely brass quartets achieve the opposite of this effect 
Yeah yeah have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas or whatever you crazy people are out there celebrating these days 
if you could , what book would u live in ? Its taking everything I have not to say < PROPMALE > Potter . I give up , in terms of how fantastically different the world is and just how awesome that is , < PROPMALE > Potters world is just pure gold . 
PISSED THE FUCK RIGHT OFF ! Didn't get to take my driving test today because my mom put off registering her truck , but apparently its my fault for not planning properly . Fuck ! 
Purple 
is wondering how many consecutive hours he has to stay up to have delusions of being Batman .... hm .... a test is in order .... 
GAH !!! I CAN'T WRITE ! 
:( 
< PROPFEMALE > makes me smile :) 
People won't be people when they hear this sound That's been glowing in the dark at the edge of town 
Drawing class ! It is probably my most favorite class ever ! 
Motion City's new album retains them as fucking awesome ! Hell yes ! 
Like a Slasher film I'm torn in opposite directions , the plot sucks but the killings are gorgeous . 
Why are Saltine crackers so delicious when you're sick ? 
34 
And when those songs , so bittersweet in their dissonance , feel as warm and safe as a mothers embrace , you know the world before you is only beautiful in apology . Every singing bird gives you its song as an offering because the human condition is so ugly , and while you will always feel the gravity of it , the bird can always fly away . 
O_o 
I AM BATMAN 
attempting to learn Japanese . Failing . So . Hard . 
Why did they change the layout of the damn site ? Its a hard enough language without them moving everything ! 
Retro Week is over ! Starting now , change your profile picture to a fictional character that you think best represents your personality ( or one you just like ) . Be creative ! Copy and paste this so we all can play along . 
Missin my angel ;) 
Nowhere in the rhyme Humpty Dumpty does it say he's an egg 
Doppelgänger week ; change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status or send it to your friends 
< PROPFEMALE > Bullock 
Demetri < PROPFIRST > is 36 ? Whaaaaaaaaaaaat ? 
Failuredom : Realizing you can and are carrying on six facebook comment conversations fluidly at once .... damn .... 
Watching The < PROPMALE > Tenenbaums ftw ! 
Nerd Moment : You know what , I think that since every Defence against the Dark Arts teacher in < PROPMALE > Potter turned out to be evil eventually , maybe they should have just stopped offering the class . Then inside jobs are no longer a problem and they won't need the damn class anymore . 
I am now hooked on Modest Mouse 
Feeling left out :( 
Just barely got around to playing Dead Rising . This is probably one of my top 5 favorite games now . 
Why did my Chat stop working ? 
Just beat Portal for the first time , all right game , song at the end made it all worth the while . 
Life handed us a paycheck , we said \We worked harder than this ! \"" 
Missing my last class before Spring Break feels ... strangely unsettling .... Stupid Alarm 
SHE SAID YES !!!! 
Clash of the Titans sucked 
< PROPFIRST > Subacz died ? Shit ... 
Got over my fear of hospitals today , luckily theres nothing wrong with me , probably just a stomach virus 
Stupid stomach virus , it needs to leave . Now . 
PERO LOS LINKS ! bing is a crap search engine but they have way more entertaining commercials . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio 
Wow dude , I simply can't stand the Resident Evil movies . They have all the greats from the games in there , but the only competent person is < PROPFEMALE > ? Who the hell is < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > is nobody . < PROPFIRST > Kennedy , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , these are zombie killing machines . 
will post on your wall something I like about \ 
you if you \like\ " this status . Make this your status if you want a \ 
VERBAL . KUNG . FU . 
< PROPFEMALE > Green can't read 
< PROPFEMALE > Green Can't spell < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe 
< PROPFEMALE > Bullock is Gorgeous 
< PROPFIRST > Dickey smells 
< PROPFIRST > Dickey doesn't smell :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Green can't get on the computer 
< PROPFEMALE > Green smells 
The Karate Kid , the new one , is awesome . Not even just a welcome addition awesome but even better than the first . You . Will . Cheer . 
Like\ 
this status and I'll confess what I first thought about u when I met u , beause I'm bored , and I can't sleep or clowns will eat me . 
What the hell is it with you people and Cafe World ? 200 requests to sort through and like 50 of them are Cafe World 
Facebook is working again for me ! Woot ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Watson Green's name is not Watson 
is an apple 
I'm takin ' the moral high ground on our hacking wars Kel < PROPFEMALE > ( I forgot to change your status before I signed out .... rats .... ) 
Hey babydoll , I win :) 
Anyone in Rancho know what that explosion earlier was ? 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Vs . The World was awesome . Pure . Awesome . 
Ground\ 
Zero Mosque controversy is a GOP strategy to draw attention away from \ 
the fact that they blocked health care for 9/11 first responders . Spread\ 
the word , people . See < PROPFIRST > Weiner , New York Senator , rant on youtube over the matter . 
Awesome game of Capture the flag and Zombie Tag tonight , achy , tired , awesome . Anyone who didn't make it this weekend , join in next weekend , the more the merrier . 
< PROPMALE > Cruise , you are redeemed because Knight and Day is amazing haha \Anyone makes a move I'll kill myself then her . \"" 
Thank you to everyone who said happy birthday , bonus points to everyone who talks to me on days other than my birthday 
Amazing Weekend , Song 2 by Blur ftw 
The Dark Knight Rises will have no Riddler . Wowzers O_O 
