Thanks everyone for all of the birthday wishes !! 

Got into grad school today !! Woo hoo !! 
has rediscovered Sister Act 2 . And I may have a slight girl crush on < PROPFEMALE > Hill . Don't judge me . 
Dear college .... I'm going to miss you ! 
< PROPMALE > changed my status and profile picture . But I can't even get mad ... I had it coming . 
Tuesday night gone bad .... 
One final down ... 2 to go ... Scary ! 
Can anyone explain to me why my facebook chat doesn't work ? Come on fb junkies ... don't be ashamed . Help me ! 
Kirsty Rands changed my status . Looks like I need to stop being so nice by letting people use my computer . You ruined it for everyone , British girl ! 
margaritas and queso ... everywhere !! 
is studying for my LAST FINAL !! 
is officially a graduate ! Time to be a big kid :( 
is having one last fun night with Kirsty .... Beale Street it is ! 
People need to stop posting advertisements and quizzes that I don't want to fill out on my wall . 
Life is so constructed , that the event does not , cannot , will not , match the expectation 
4 hour layover in Chicago then back to the dirty dirty . 
still can't chat with people online ..... HELP ! 
will officially become known as Miss Buccilla tomorrow . Don't laugh . 
is lesson planning ... 
My students think I'm 30 years old and apparently Mexican . 
is lacking sleep and Andrea-time . 
reached a kid today . 
So far , being a teacher has been like having a different project due every day in college . In fact , make that two . The only difference would be that in college , all that was riding on it was my own grade . 
Two more days of summer school ... who needs classroom management ? 
Thank you for the birthday wishes !! I love you all :) 
Back to the ' sip tomorrow 
First day of school tomorrow .... Lots of things to do , just not sure what they are . 
Sunday is the shortest day of the week 
just now woke up from my after school nap ... wow . 
My kids ' version of a proper noun : \The Black iPeas\ " ... Did Apple come out with a new product ?? " 
had a workshop today and oddly enough ... I missed my students . Weird sensation ! 
had my first open house tonight ... of course the only parents that came were the ones I DIDN'T need to see ! 
see what had happened wuh ..... 
\I know Mrs. Brucillia class be my favorite . \"" 
new blog : missbuccilla.blogspot.com 
I like it under my desk 
going to see President < PROPMALE > in the Grove tomorrow !! 
Sorry kids ... didn't miss ya today . 
Enjoying a beautiful Mississippi day but wishing I could be at OSU today .... 
It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who learn a little differently . Children with special needs only want what we all want - to be accepted . 
Checklist for today : Had a kid suspended . Had a kid sent to in-school suspension . Had a kid tell me I was her favorite teacher . Had a kid tell me I was his meanest teacher . Sent two kids out of my room . Had one kid try to come to my room 5 straight periods . Promised two classes a party tomorrow . Planning on giving two classes a pop quiz tomorrow . 
Me : \Will you two please switch seats ? \ " \ 
I heart election season . 
I don't heart election season anymore . 
Ohio in 5 days ! 
oppositional defiant disorder is NOT REAL 
9 days of freedom 
Watched a real teacher today ! 
would love a Michigan ticket ... ideas ?? 
Car door was frozen shut this morning ... I miss Ohio :) 
Happy game day !! 
And the countdown to Christmas break begins ... 
weeds = best show ever 
Who would have thought that teachers enjoy snow days WAY more than students ?! 
SEC !!!!! 
We got about 8 inches of snow on Sunday night ... School was just called off for the FOURTH day in a row ... I love Southerners !! 
another snow day .... 2 inches of snow .... wow . 
hopes to get in a full week of school 
All three teams lost tonight . The girls are no longer undefeated , and there were about 3 kids who actually cared . Wow . 
Could not ask for a more perfect day . 70 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > . Went for a run , threw the baseball , windows down , and I get to see my long lost friend , Kirsty !! 
We only had two days this week because of \blizzard conditions . \ " My kids are never going to learn ! " 
played golf today ... shot 74 ... who knew that taking a year off in between each round was the key ? 
field trip to the Civil Rights Museum tomorrow then home to c-bus at 6 ... it's going to be a good day !! 
stuck in the Chicago airport for the next 3 hours ... 
Delayed again .... 
Spending the night at O'Hare ... Excellent . 
still in Chicago ... 
24 hours after leaving Dublin I'm finally to Memphis .... But my bag isn't :) 
