has been an interesting experience this last month now im really looking forward to my future 

is chillin at home today 
lookin for somethin to do today any ideas anyone ?? 
is tired after the stomach procedure 
thinking about her and wanting to hug and never let go 
good morning everyone i hope you all are well leavin for colorado tomorrow YAY !!!!!!!! 
had fun today i hope everyone had a great thanksgiving 
is tired after a busy day at turkey derby was alot of good racing 
drained tired head hurts busted blower needs valves and still 5 jobs to go im crashing gotta get an early start so everyone can make it on the monday school bus to work night everyone 
i dont need a flakey cheater in my life im glad i didnt sign my life away now wheres the nearest bar ???? 
startin over and rebuilding the road to happiness anyone care to join ? 
got my new engines coming so i hope im ready for new years < PROPFEMALE > and i hope the forecast holds SNOW !!!!!! 
i guess im changing engines today got woke up early by fed ex with a nice suprise 
busy day ...... Happy new year to you all !!! 
will they get the engine right this time ??? only time will tell 
im done with that engine distributor they messed it up yet again at least it was close i coulda made it work but i chose not to id rather do it right so new distributor better luck i hope this time 
snowman time WOOOOHOOOO !!!!!! 
all i need is someone who wont break my heart and leave it stomped hurt and bleeding out for the wolves to eat 
anybody else has somethin to say about anything please email me because im tired of all these false accusations and im not gonna deal with it i will prove myself 
tickets please , the last boat to shit creek leaves in 5 minutes , all paddles will be removed upon arrival and we hope you enjoy your stay in paradise !!! thank you for choosing log boat tours 
They say the grass is greener on the other side ... that's such b.s. cause when I flipped it over all i saw was dirt . 
I may never conquer some things and some I may just over-come ... but my heart is good and full of love for many , but can only be in love with one . 
has the people he needs in his life . great family and great friends :) Love y'all!:) 
there's 1000 ways to show my love for you , But there's only one way to say it , I LOVE YOU ! I want to be with you and only you , You are my world baby <3 
You're the first person I talk to in the morning and the last person I talk to at night , lets keep it that way . 
People that talk stuff about others are not happy with their own lives , and i say to you why dont you look in the mirror and see whats so messed up in your life before judging or attempting to ruin to happiness of others . I love you < PROPFEMALE > with all i have and for all of time 
theres always one person that will just grab your heart floating in the middle of the air and just takes it in and treats it like gold i love you < PROPFEMALE > with all my heart 
is chillin out today , I love you sweetie 
goin back to jersey on tue wooohooo not ..... but at least my family gets to meet my fiancee :D hope we have a blast ... I love you baby 
sitting by my baby thinking about her so much .... I love you sweetie 
Hoping my sweetie feels better real soon I love you xoxoxo 
im hoping to get on the road tomorrow and praying for a safe trip 
haning out watching movies tonight hope everyone is well .... i love you baby with all of my heart <3 
just chillin and tatoos today i love you baby with all my heart 
< PROPFIRST > 1st is the big day ... I love you my soon to be wife :D 
just hanging out after a somewhat of a long day ...... I love you < PROPFEMALE > 
keep anyone and everyone you know in your prayers whether its illness , or something important always 
is tired and hopefully gonna get some sleep tonight and sleep in tomorrow 
i need neighbors in farmtown , farmville , and counry life .. so if you have it and dont have me added please add 
is stressed to the limit .... thinking about goin on a roadtrip monday 
is going to the V to chill anyone thats needs me can call there or me or come see me 
fixing the generator then to the vfw to < PROPFEMALE > out call txt or come by 
is finally packing up to get back to the love of my life :D see you tomorrow sweetie 
back in nc < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > happy to be back here 
To non-pet owners who visit and like to complain \ 
about pets : 1 . They live here . You don't . 2 . If you don't want their fur\ 
on your clothes , stay off the furniture . That's why they call it \ 
' fur'-niture . 3 . I like my pets alot better than I like most people . 4 . \ 
To you , they are animals . ... To me , they are young'uns who are short , \ 
hairy , walk on all fours and don't speak clearly . Copy & Post if you\ 
? your pet 
washed the dogs today and ran around PHEW !!!! im tired 
tired tired and tired did alot of stuff today got everything i set out to do done for a change 
is loosing his train of current thought so please leave a name and number and order of your received call and i will contact you asap 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan who ? I cant believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something yr old . Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20-som ... ethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support the Military 
I guess fox has nothing better to do then to debate flying of the american flag in our schools . Since when do we need to debate this ? For all that care about our childrens education and our American heritage . Will we be debating the display of american flags in any govt building again ? If thats not unpatriotic , I dont know what is . When I went to school IT WAS REQUIRED TO SAY THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG !! 
http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2010/05/06/american-flag-banned-america/ 
How many letters in the Alphabet ? 19 , cuz ET went home on a UFO and the FBI went after him 
just take life day by day ... its too short for stupidity and drama . have fun and live and trust those whom are your born blood , live , love and above all < PROPFEMALE > your closest family and thank them every day for them to be at your side in your hour of need ... 
im just chillin out debating on exactly what color i wanna make my cake this next week sometime ... any suggestions please comment =) 
going to the fridge for a beer ill be back in a few 
still looking for cake color suggestions btw =) 
im thinking about dessert .... dunno cookies or cake and if cake ... what color ?? 
im tired and gettin cranky as hell good night all 
is in a cake fondant coma ... please help .... oh btw i need some toilet paper 
is working on wedding stuff this afternoon =) im or text 
Its one of those hot days where you dont wanna do anything so im gonna do anything but sit here bored 
oh my gosh ! the police called and said that one of my Facebook friends got out of the mental hospital , which one of u crazies got out ? 
got kicked out of walmart today because I hid in the ball holder and when kids walked by i screamed and watch them pee their pants . :) 
is feeling like i stuck a finger of one hand into a light socket and the other on a fork thats inside a hot toaster .... oh wait LMAO what i did last night was way worse but i lived =)) note to self ... dont do it again 
figuring out what i wanna do after i get over whatever this is ={ 
is relaxing watching movies =) 
WARNING : Tired and irritated . Contacting me may be hazardous to your health . 
Being the youngest child is the biggest compliment ever ! Think about it ... your parents decided they finally got it right and didn't need to try again ! LMAO ! 
im cranky been up all night and no sleep and i have a somewhat of a long day coming .... well see how this one goes 
some people just don't seem to value things that are really \important\ " in life ... wake up !! before life slaps you in the face with reality .. time is ticking " 
is gonna do something random today ... try to get over my .... oh wait i see cookies 
anyone with a high enough level in farm town please send mulberry trees i need them desperately , send me a comment of what you need and ill get it to you asap < PROPMALE > :) 
is going home either tomorrow or the day after =) cant wait to see my family 
UN-APOLOGETIC\ 
AMERICAN : \I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of \ 
bad day today ... found an oil leak on my truck .. belts broke on my tractor .. and now a few other things happened trying to keep a positive additude on everything call or text im going parts hunting 
got my truck back up and running the tractor is questionable at this point with trial and error and the other things are still lurking for tommorow joy joy 
is tired of people that think they aught to be first priority when i am having problems with 2 vehicles and have a hard time getting from point a to b and too busy trying to repair them and not calling for a reason that has nothing to do with the fact that i need parts and or need a ride when nobody can help me but me thats what i learned today later FB 
hanging out back in < PROPFEMALE > made it safe somehow now off to do wedding stuff 
i dunno what to do with myself this weekend go to < PROPFEMALE > motorsports complex aka lowes motor speedway or hit the mountains .... any ideas ? 
What is an awesome memory that we have shared together - write it under my status ... 
Don't take life too seriously , you never make it out alive . So Laugh more then you cry . You'll enjoy life better , I promise . 
How\ 
many of us really know everybody on our FB friends list ? Here's a task \ 
for you . I want all of my FB friends to comment on this status about How\ 
you met me . After comment , copy this to your status so I can do the \ 
same . You'll be amazed at the results you get . 
had a so so day just chilling out after a ride in the woods and a great meal 
While\ 
you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing to speaksoftly in her \ 
ear . While you HUMILIATE & INSULT her , there's a man who wants to \ 
tell her how wonderful she is . While you HIT her , there's a man wishing \ 
to make love to her . While you bring her to TEARS , there's a man who \ 
wants to make her smile . STOP THE VIOLENCE !! Post this on your wall if \ 
you're AGAINST DOMESTIC VIOLENCE !!!!!! 
is in need of a beach day and a vaca that does NOT involve being busy with work 
is tired good night fb world see you in the am maybe ....... 
is chillin out atm getting ready to go do some stuff in concord :D 
Please\ 
put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you know has or \ 
had cancer . My prayer is that in 2010 a cure will be found . Will you \ 
post it for just one hour ? Do it for all of us ? 
its one of those days you love to curl up and relax 
cooking up the pulled pork finally :D 
long day over with at last ..... gonna get up tomorrow with some luck and do it again . anyone gonna be in the < PROPFEMALE > area that wants to chill im , call , txt , or email me 
looking for a riding < PROPMALE > for next weekend , anyone wanna go ? let me know 
sorry\ 
everyone , I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 \ 
Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . \ 
This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive \ 
within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , \ 
... will be without money . I cannot let that person be me . \ 
....... Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . Good luck OK 
come over to the dark side ......... we have cookies 
getting a concussion sucks ......... note to self dont do it again :D 
happy turkey day everyone , be safe and dont do anything crazy 
well walmart down and a few more stores to go talk to y'all when i get back :D 
anyone wanna call pimp my ride for me ?!?!?!?!? lol 
cant wait till tomorrow im gonna have me some fun 
is in need of something but just cant place it right now ..... oh well theres always something to get sidetracked with so im gonna do something random 
to all of my family and friends ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and be safe on this long holiday . off to church and to finish moving stuff into the casa . 
Post this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Duke fan . Being a Duke fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is no known cure for DFD and sympathy does not help ... but we can raise awareness . 100% of < PROPFEMALE > fans will re-post this , simply because we KNOW HOW to copy and paste . Go Tar Heels !! 
last of the wedding pics should be up real soon =) just waiting on the wife to come home and look at them first with her 
Getting the wedding pics up slowly but very surely =D thanks to everyone that took some great pictures , and a special thanks to my sister < PROPFEMALE > as well as < PROPFEMALE > for some of the most beautiful wedding shots I have ever seen 
just talked to mom and she is doing ok , im praying for a full recovery , i hope this is the last time she has to go through this procedure . all of us that are thinking about you , we love you and will always be in our thoughts and prayers through this and any hardship in life 
