Going to work on my day off ... but < PROPFIRST > and I are going back to the parents after work . Maybe I can finish fixing the Blue Mustang . =) 

Going to Dayton tonight . In recent news , getting all my school stuff in line . Going for my Associates in Applied Science ! Woo ! First class will be Engine Performance I . =) 
Off today ! Going to pick up the Apt . then < PROPFEMALE > with some good friends . =) 
worked all day , now sitting in Engine Principles and Design class till 9:30 pm 
Finally landed the Store manager Trainee job at Aarons . Just scared my school schedule is going to be ruined now ... =( 
Last night working at Hastings tonight . Starting Aarons on Monday morning . A higher pay , more hours , plus over-time should be good . Pay off these cards , then save for something more ... =) 
- A weekend between jobs - Going to the Renaissance Festival with < PROPFEMALE > for the day ! 
Black Mustang is finally put back together . Running rough since it's been sitting though . Just awaiting for a nice day out to wash and maybe drive it . 
What is the meaning of a life not simplisticly true ... what to do ... -_- 
Yay Christmas ! 
Puttin ' my favorite movies onto my PSP . Only a few more days till my baby comes home to me . =) 
Off today ... what to do ... Maybe cruise the town again . 
Off Wednesday - Hooking up CD/DVD Stereo in my car , going to go get a free wheel alignment , then a haircut . 
Happy Easter ! Flying to Vegas tomorrow evening for a week . Regional meetings for my job . Should be a very interesting . :D n 
Leaving for Las Vegas this evening . ;D 
Home from Vegas . Exhausted ... Sleep ... 
........ sick 
Nothing better - The Postal Service 
\Last week I had the strangest dream where everything was exactly how it seemed ... \ " Sleeping In - The Postal Service " 
Went out for a bit , now home for Dad's Birthday . Happy Birthday Dad :) 
:,( 
I think these two days off are just what I need . :) 
You know .... It's all going to be alright someday . :) 
What a nice day out . Would be nice to spend it with someone . 
Going to the park ... 
So much for the park . Lol Minor setback . Car exhaust broken . :D Sweetness 
Goin to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>' to drink Koolade and jump on a trampoline till we hurl !!! Lol mwahaha ! 
Mmmmm Food sounds good . Work from 1pm - 10pm . :p 
Just finished watching Bounty < PROPMALE > . Pretty good movie . Time for sleep . Gotta get to work by 9am . DM visit tomorrow . Should be interesting . Nite everybody ! 
Off today . One of my good friends from CA is in Fairborn , OH . Going to go meet up with him around 4pm . It's been over 4 years ... Gonna be good to see him . 
Putting all my cd's onto my iPod , and gonna sell all of them at work . Not gona get much but why keep them ? Work Sunday . Noon till 9ish . 
It's a crime , you let it happen to me . Nevermind , I let it happen to you . Out of mind , forget it , there's nothing to lose , But my mind and all the things I wanted . Everytime i get it throw it away , it's a sign i get it , I want to stay . By the time i lose it , im not afraid , of looking at you truly fake it . How can I believe when this cloud hangs over me . You're the part of me that I don't wanna see : Breaking < PROPMALE > 
Oh yeah , it's going to be a crazy kind of week . Gotta buy new head gaskets for the Black Stang and get my exhaust fixed on the Blue Stang . I really wana buy a Kawasaki Ninja . Trying to find a cheap one on Craigslist . :D 
Finally getting to bed . Took the blue stang to a muffler shop today . Glad she's fixed . Been working on the Black stang all day . Pullin the engine apart to replace the head gaskets . Work in the AM . 
Painted a few engine parts last night . Custom < PROPFEMALE > Red with Black lettering valve Covers on the Black Stang . Hopefully get it all put back together to drive it this weekend . 
Yay ! Finally got my last income tax refund ! Hello another $700 !! Maybe I will pay off some debt with it . :D 
Porting the intake and exhaust on the black Stang . While it's apart , cleaning the carbon buildup off the valves . She's gona haul ass when she's all together ! :D 
One step forward , one step back . Got more work done on the black car , but after a part run and a buzzy dinner with friends , my blue car's ball joint decided to collapse apart . Luckily < PROPFIRST > was there to give me a hand , as well as my dad 5 hours later . Worked on car for over 5 hours in the movie theatre parking lot .... Ugh . Not fixed yet , only partially fixed to limp her home . Fix tomorrow . Exhausted . :( 
Awesome ! Blue car fixed and drivable . What a crazy day . Was out trying to get parts and then the Corolla decides to blow the heater core . I seem to be having bad luck lately . Oh well , things got better after . Still workin on black car's engine . Hopefully have it done by next Wednesday . :) 
Another productive night working on the engine . All that's left to do is reseat all the valves and install the new keepers , which should be done by Monday . After that , just gotta put it all back in the car . I'm excited to see how much more horsepower it's going to have . :D work at Hastings tomorrow afternoon . Goodnight !! 
Yay , it's 6AM and I can see the sun coming up . I think it's time for sleep . Haha . :D 
My new room is fully constructed . Yay ! I'm off for the next two days , which is also yay ! :p 
Packing . Going to Newnan , < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow morning till Sunday . 
Sitting in my hotel room with a bad headache . :( Just going to relax till work tomorrow . Yay < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just 2 more days ... 
It rly sucks ... But this $5 pizza from Little Ceasars , < PROPFEMALE > Mist , and Superbad on TV is going to make it ok for now . : / 
So I had this dream that someone wasv trying to kill me . I woke up to find there was a horror movie on tv . Grrr ... It's 3am . I gotta get some sleep . :( 
Home from < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > came over shortly after I got back . I'm fortunate to have such friends . We took a ride in the Black Stang to New < PROPFIRST > and the car died on the way back . Taking turns pushing the car and clutch jumping it we made it home . Best week ever . :) 
I won't give up ... I can't . 
Woke up early , worked on my car a bit , then \ 
spent the rest of the day laying in bed watching movies and Snacking . Watched Iron Man 2 and < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland . \ 
Pretty good day off ~ ! :D 
Had a pretty good day today . Work was pretty fun and got lots done . Seems like things are finally looking up for me . :D Time to snack , and watch Tokyo Drift till I fall asleep . :) 
:) Sleepy . Work tomorrow . Mwahaha ! 
Crazy tornado warning in Richmond . Watched everyone freak out . ( < PROPFEMALE > ) lol Did some department rearranging in video . Very busy . All in all , kick ass day ! :D Sleep now . DM visit tomorrow ! 
:) Gona work on Black car , then chill and play some Halo and W @W . 
4:30 am ... Sleep couldn't sound better . 
If something is hot ... Try to remember not to touch it . You will get burned , and it will hurt like a bitch . Lol . :) 
Pulling a 10 hour video shift Sunday . Brings back memories ... Haha bring it on !! :D 
Finally home ... My 10 hour shift turned into 12 hours , but it was worth it . So much got done today ! Hopefully it's good enough . Fingers crossed ! Lol 
Another awesome eventful day . Time to relax with my Sprite , Twix , and Split Second on 360 . :) 
Flip your mind to a new design , \ 
And get some sleep to pass the time . - < PROPMALE > 
Damn ... Stood up . :( 
Two days off from work just to do different work . Haha . Did some wrenchin ' on the black stang for 12 hours straight today . Very sore now ... Ugh . Least it should be finished in a few more hours . Needs to stop being broken all the freakin time ! Geez . 
Well today was unfortunate so far . Put car back together , but not correctly , so will have to do it again ... Ugh . Anyways , gettin rdy for work . 3 to 11 isn't too bad ... Never a dull moment at the store . 
Ordered another $100 worth of car parts for the Black Stang . Should be here in a week or so . Okay so Black Stang needs a sexxy name . Anyone have any thoughts ? 
Finally home from work ... Gonna put on some jeans and keep wrenchin on the car ! :D 
Well today was pretty much a complete mess . lol Oh how I love being an assistant manager :p Well , it's about 1am , time to go work on the car for a few hours . Yay ! :D 
Omg ... Can it be ? Is the car finally drivable ? Test drive tomorrow morning ! :D 
Test drive successful ! Just another couple hundred in parts and she's completely done ! Needs a hood scoup , a back spoiler and bigger front tires . :) 
Gona start working on < PROPMALE>'s SUV , then need to stop by work a lil later ... Then again later for a floor cleaning . Blah . :D 
Long day ... Gonna play some 360 till 10pm , then go to work for a few hours . 
So tired ... Worked from 9 - 6pm . Came home and worked on < PROPMALE>'s SUV . Dad did one side and Im about half done with the other . Should be done in a day or so . Gotta wake up at 6am and meet the crew at work to set up for the 5K run at the park . Then work from 3-11pm ... Awesome ... I need a vacation . 
I think it's time for a change . 
Hood scoup and tail spoiler ordered for the black car . $300 . Should be here by Thursday . :) 
Wednesday and Thursday off . Mmhmm :D 
Wednesday was awesome . Parts arrived . Got the hood scoup painted and bolted on . Started paining the spoiler , but ran out of paint . My little bro < PROPMALE > helped me too , which was fun . :) Thanks < PROPMALE > . 
Spent my 4th of July with some of my best friends in Indianapolis ! Watched movies and ate pizza . Had fun guys , have to < PROPFEMALE > out again soon ! :D 
Very productive day yet again . Work was awesome as always . Got home and starting running speaker wires from the stereo to the doors with < PROPFEMALE > . I think Her sister , Angel , is getting Jealous . ;) haha 
It's so strange to think about work 24/7 ... Even when you are off the clock . I love to think of it as dedication . I am determined to keep motivated and stay focused as a manager . :) but for now .. I will enjoy this day off with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Watching Hot Tub Time Machine . 
Did some more painting with Angel and < PROPFEMALE > today . Was kind of a boring day tho . Watched some movies while drinking a 2 liter of Twist Up while it stormed outside . Gotta work at 9am tomorrow ... Blah . :D haha 
Sick ... 
We all make choices in life ... some good , some bad ... it's best to admit your mistakes and take responsibility , than live a lie . 
... no one ever said the path of truth was easy ... 
To all my former co-workers @ Hastings . I just want to say these past 4 years has been something I will never forget . A lot of time and memories were spent with all of you . I will miss you all and I hope none of you will forget me . :( Please stay in touch ... 
Sketched in a drawing book for s few hours ... It's 2am , time for bed I think . I think this drive away from everyone and everything has been a good way to clear my head . I start my journey home Sunday morning . :) 
On the long road to home ... 
5am , 10 Oreos , and a glass of milk on an empty stomach . I'm going to bed to have some crazy ass dreams . :D night ! 
Re-bolted all 4 tires on dad's Toyota Camry since we lost a tire while driving earlier . Haha . Painted the front 2 brake calipers red on the Blue Mustang . Will paint the backs tomorrow . Hanging shelves in the garage tomorrow . 4am , Goodnight !! 
Going on a trip ! Be back around Tuesday ! :D 
Back in Town ! Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? :) 
Home at long last . Hopefully land a job this Thursday . I really wanna buy a bike or maybe a project car to fix and sell . :) 
So I think I'm going to throw a party next weekend . August 7th . Anyone down ? BYOB ;D let me know so we can make it happen !! Txt Me at 937-564-1727 or shoot me a comment . 
Working on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s 87 ' Nissan 300ZX this week . 
Yay , I was over qualified to work at Meijer ! Well ... In the back room anyways . I've never been over qualified before . Feels pretty awesome lol . I meet with the Store Manager tomorrow at 1:30 pm for a 3rd interview . Looks like I will be working in Electronics ! ;D 
< PROPFEMALE > is a bitch ;D Mwahaha oh , life is good . Now who's ready to celebrate !? 
Woke up at 7am this morning and continued working on < PROPFIRST>'s 300ZX . Fixed just about everything that was wrong with it . Replaced the back brakes , fixed a few gauges , and did some work on the gas tank . Now it only needs an oil change and it's done . :) I'm exhausted .. time for bed . Helping < PROPFEMALE > move into her new place tomorrow , then party Saturday ! 
Totally had a blast tonight ! Thank you to everyone that came to party ! Hope you all had a good time . Have to do it again soon . :D 
So yesterday morning < PROPFEMALE > and I were on our way home from Richmond and some guy wanted to race us . Well ... I'm very sad to say he totally smoked us ... :( I have never seen a car like that before ... Looked like a import crown < PROPFEMALE > . Oh well ... 
It's going to be an awesome day if < PROPFEMALE > has already referenced Lord of the Rings AND < PROPFEMALE > ... Lol 
Car show tomorrow @ 1-4pm in Arba , Indiana . Going to enter < PROPFEMALE > ... would have liked to enter both my cars , but it's hard to drive 2 cars at once lol . Spent the last 2 days cleaning her up for the event . Wish me luck ! Hope I win something this time ! :D 
Just\ 
got home from the Arba Friends Car show . I'm a little sad that\ 
somehow I didn't even place in the top 10 out of maybe 25 cars . There\ 
were many that were < PROPMALE > or not even clean . Oh well . I basically payed\ 
$7 for all the food and drinks I wanted and to see some cool cars . I\ 
did win a few raffles . Free food from Pizza Hut , and some detailing stuff . It was a fun time . Just have to try harder next time ;D 
Spent a few hours with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Painted a few more parts and added some black edgeing on the intake . I'm running out of things to improve though . I still need a chrome vaccuum pressure gauge and do some work with the trunk area . Maybe then I will do better in the next car show . We'll see ... 
Lost my cell phone somewhere ... ugh ... 
Wow , I haven't played MAPLESTORY in forever . But now there's an App for it on the Ipod Touch . 
Still can't find my phone after 3 days of looking ... maybe it truly is lost forever ... :( 
If only there were something I could do to make everything ' Ok ' . :( 
Outside working on the Black Mustang ( < PROPFEMALE > ) . She was leaking oil from the oil pan and main seal . Trying to get her fixed up before the car show this Sunday . 
The Thunder In The Park car show today was awesome . I'm glad I finally won something ! Both my cars won trophies . Blue car was in the top 15 for 80's and newer and the black car placed in the top 30 for 79's and older . Not a bad turnout . Seeing all the other cars gave me a lot of good ideas for the future . 
Got home from work , had a Smirnoff and started work on the Black Stang . I wanted to paint the springs that hold my hood up . Little did I know one spring isn't enough to support the weight of the hood . The moment I took the first spring off , the hood slammed down on my shoulder ... oh yes ... it tickled ... lesson learned . Time to turn in for the night . 
Car show tomorrow in Cambridge City ! :D 8am - 4:30 pm . 
< PROPFEMALE > is polished and shined for the show . Time to get some rest . Up at 8:30 am to get ready . Then to Hastings to sell $15 worth of stuff for the entry fee , then off to Cambridge city ! :D 
The Cambridge City Festival was awesome . Entered both cars into the car show , but only < PROPFEMALE > brought one home this time . Placed in the top 50 out of 100+ cars/trucks/bikes . There was a sound competition , eating contest , and crowd favorite drawing . Very glad I got to be a part of this event . Good times ! :D 
Going to go work with Angel in the garage for a few hours . Gotta find a way to make the engine look cleaner ... hmm ... then bed . 
Watching trailers for < PROPFEMALE > Vs . Capcom 3 , Final Fantasy XIV : Online , and Need for Speed : Hot Pursuit . So many games I can't wait to play ! :D 
Home . Watched Resident Evil : Afterlife , bed . 
Sleep . Going to Greens Fork , Indiana for another car show . This may be my last one for the summer , since it's getting cold out . But after , going to the < PROPMALE > Festival in Fountain City . Then car shopping for < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
The long search is over ... my phone has been located and recovered :D 
Sonic Adventure is available to download to your PS3 via the Playstation Store ! Sweet !! :D 
Just finished getting Angel ready for Winter and attempted to fix the gas fume leak . Put in a new Thermostat , purged all the old coolant and filled with fresh antifreeze . Changed the oil and filter . Interview tomorrow at Securitas @ 1pm in Dayton . 
Almost killed someone on the way home tonight . Swerved at the last second and almost wrecked my car ... I probly would have beat his punk ass bloody face in if I did . Who the fuck darts out into traffic on a bike ? 
That's weird ... For a second there , my grape jelly sandwhich smelled like wine . Eh ... Oh well . XD 
Helping dad pull the transmission out of a Honda Accord . Going to Wetzel tomorrow . Hopefully get a full time job set up . Then errands . 
Had an awesome bday . :D Thank you all ! 
Will be starting my second job in about 2 weeks at Richmond Toyota . 
Ready to start work at Richmond Toyota @ 8am tomorrow . :D Till then , just going to play GT5 all night . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > 
Droid = Awesome ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody !! :] 
:( im so glad im so awesome at fucking everything up ... 
1-765-993-9529 new phone number guys :) 
Watched almost all of the first season of vampire diaries with < PROPFEMALE > last night . <3 
Going to try to go to work tonight , though my stomach doesn't agree . Looking forward to Monday though cuz my SCT tuner for the blue stang should be here ;) 
Thinking of the past ... depressed now ... 
Final fantasy versus XIII ... definatly going to have to get that when it comes out . Kingdom hearts style fighting . Pure amazing . :) 
I never really thought about it ... but I work at least 15 hours everyday . 8am-11pm . XD mwahaha 
At a wedding in connersville :) 
Watching < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Omfg .... this is insane . Dare I try to make it to Toyota ? 
Here comes the pain ... ugh ... damn ice . Least I'm at work now .. annnnd im the only one in my department . Lol 
All that work to get to Toyota and they close up shop at 12 . Guess its back to the house . 
G 101.3 just played \ice ice baby\ " .... Thats so messed to ... " 
Makin breakfast ! Woo ! Been watching < PROPMALE > for 8 hours straight . Lol . Gotta finish season 3 . 
I can't help this feeling that I'm meant for more . A feeling that I'm supposed to be someone ... but who ... and more importantly .. how ? 
\My polyamerous friend ... you've got me in a mess of trouble again\ " - Breaking Benjamin . \ 
Playing some gran tourismo 5 , then bed . 
My girlfriend came home yesterday with a baseball bat and some mace ... O.o 
Valentines day in indy with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Lunch with the guys was fun . Gotta get rdy for work at meijer now . 4 -11pm ;) 
I love < PROPFEMALE > vs capcom 3 . However , the fact they took out 20 characters from the previous is disappointing . 
Playing little big planet 2 with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Been so nice out lately ... if it keeps this up , ill have to let < PROPFEMALE > come out to play ;) 
Gasp ! Did I actually GAIN 3 lbs !? Lol o.O 
So ... tired ... must survive the night ... ughhh ... coffee ... mmmm . 
Ordering a new performance coil pack and underdrive pulleys for Angel - gonna bolt on another 10-15HP ;) 
I'm cooking ... so as fair warning , I tell you this now ... please vacate the area . Lol :p 
Watching talladega nights makes me want to drive for NASCAR ;) how sweet would that be ... though , I think I'd prefer a right turn every once and a while . Lol 
Sore . Working till 11pm . Lame . Least I'm off tomorrow ... bout time . 
Children's museum tomorrow :) 
Made it from Richmond to indy and back on just under 1/4 tank of gas . Course ... we only made it to the centerville exit when we ran out . Lol 
Had a good time today at the children's museum with < PROPFIRST > . Got my parts today , so hopefully have them on tomorrow morning . 
A simple misunderstanding is the perfect disaster . 
10 < PROPFEMALE > shower , a bowl of cereal , and its back to work till 11pm . 
Social Distortion ... I've missed you :) 
Day off and what did I do ? Went to work at Toyota . Least I made $150 today . Internet next week ! Yay ! 
Calculated my points through weight watchers and today I used 110 points . Lol ( allowed only around 30 ) XD 
I think I'm just going to work a half of a half day . Lol leaving Toyota at 11 to relax before meijer ;p 
Some kids don't deserve to drive . Just saw 3 kids get into a tricked out car , but not before they threw all their trash out in the parking lot . Disgraceful ... 
Pizza on a Tuesday ? I like my new boss already :) 
Internet tomorrow !! Finally . 
Sorry for all the trophy update crap my Facebook friends ! Lol just got internet back . XD 
To my gamer Facebook friends . Now that my net is back , here is my usernames : ps3 : Dj-Darkfire : xbox : Kj_Darkfire 
Awesome ... my gas tank is leaking gas again ... every year . Ugh . 
Time to fall asleep to some breaking < PROPMALE > . Only gotta work at Toyota tomorrow ;) 
Getting my car looked at by a Toyota tech while I work . Hopefully they can solve this gas problem :( 
Does anyone know any remedies for a head cold ? My face hurts :( 
Well , would seem my gas tank on the blue car has a hole . Got a new one , going to try to get it out on tomorrow morning . Blah . 
And here I thought my car was fixed ... has to stay overnight at Toyota . Well , least < PROPFEMALE > gave me A ride to meijer tonight . Really hope its fixed by tomorrow . 
Isn't it strange to think even the smallest change of your past could alter your entire future ? 
God dangit !! Dropped my phone on the ground and now it has a crack across the screen :'( 
Left Angel with the parents . I know dad will find a way to fix her . Meanwhile , took < PROPFEMALE > out of storage ;) 
So I never knew my boss at Toyota was the father of a famous NASCAR driver . And why does the forecast call for snow on Saturday !? 
So tired ... work 4-11at meijer . Yay . Blah . 
Damn , an hour late to Toyota . Lol . Lucky me ... the timeclocks are broken today ;) 
Well , no more back seats in the blue stang ! Took them out . Car is officially only a 2 seater now ;) 
2:30 am ... can't sleep . Gotta be up by 6am . Tomorrow is going to be rough . Lol . 
Something is definitly off ... work 8am till 11pm . Gonna hopefully watch Tangled tomorrow after work . 
Too early ... * yawn * oh well , the free donuts at Toyota makes it okay :p 
' Tangled ' was a very good movie . Highly recommended :) 
3 more hours . This day is almost over ! 
Woo !! Effin jammin on the way to indy !! 
Sitting in indy traffic with < PROPMALE > . 
Someday I'm gonna find it . Wish I knew what I was looking for , inside this disarray . 
Almost broke all the toes on my right foot ! Definately gotta be more careful when handling heavy banquet tables >.< 
Going through old stuff . Man I'm such a pack rat . Lol gotta throw away or sell this stuff . 
Gave the blue car a tune up . Now to play some crysis 2 ! 
Work till 11pm . Then its ab early Easter tomorrow with the family ;) 
Definitly done better things at 3:30 am .... 
Pulling the engine apart in the blue stang to clean , paint , and port it . Work in the am . Then hangin with my girl , then home for dads bday . 
Engine overhaul about 50% done . Upper intake fully ported and cleaned . Next lower intake and heads port and clean . Should get higher mpg and approx 20+ HP ;) 
Man I feel like I'm 5 again , playing Kinectimals .. lol 
Left side engine head ported and polished . Just need to port the right , reseat all the valves , and reconstruct ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > is acting funny .. I have tomorrow night , all day Sunday , and Monday night to put Angel back together . < PROPFEMALE > just needs to < PROPFEMALE > on a little longer :( 
Now its a race against time . < PROPFEMALE > can't handle being driven 24/7 . I have 2 days to finish Angels engine rebuild before I go back to work . Aprox 70% complete . 
Blue stang 90% complete . Heads on . Just need to put intake and rest of the accessories back together . Should have everything done tonight ... i hope . 
2am and the car is 100% put back together . Unfortunately I couldn't test the car due to a mushroom cloud of smoke that came out of my battery . Lmao 
Sanding down mikes fender . Applied a coat of primer , sanded , primer sealed 2 times . Tomorrow should be ready for paint . 
Well the fender looks semi professional . Painted and clear coated . Gotta fine sand with 2000 and re-clearcoat tomorrow . Exhausted ... 
DJ hero !! 
Arcade Fire concert tonight in Indianapolis ! :D 
Won a $230 Canon digital camera , Sony Swiss army knife , and a nifty flashlight from Cyberscholar ! Sweet !! :D 
Just ordered a 500gb SATA netbook hard drive for my ps3 . My drive space will no longer be a concern ;) 
So far an awesome month !! 
So far an awesome month . Won a camera , swiss army knife , 360 with kinect , got my $500 tax check , $950 check from Toyota AND got prompted to supervisor ! Omg :D 
Almost done with work . Gotta stop by my girls apt , then home to install the 500gb HDD into one of my ps3's . Then taking apart the other ps3 to fix it . 
PS3 hard drive swap successful . Moving all 50 movies stored on my 60gb ps3 over to the 500gb system . 
Car door will not freakin close ! Literally held it closes driving around town . Kept turning too fast and it kept flying open . Man this sucks ! Gotta fix it ASAP ! 
Car door is fixed thanks to my dad . A man of limitless talent it seems . Looks like I will be in indy on Tuesday for a class for work . Should be interesting ;) 
Off to Indianapolis at 7:30 am for a management class for Meijer . Should be out by 5pm , I hope . Then to spend some time with my < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > ;) 
Made it to the meijer in Mt . Comfort . Phone gps kept acting up but I managed . Lol guess I'm not as close to indy as I thought :\\ 
Does anyone want to buy an XBOX 360 4GB SYSTEM WITH KINECT ? Brand new . Won it in a contest . Already have one . They go for 299.99 new . Asking $200 . 
Such a boring evening ... 
Really getting burnt out with Toyota . Hopefully I won't be here much longer ... 
Xbox 360 with kinect still for sale ! Anyone ? 
:( .......... 
Exhausted ... 
Doing some body work on the blue car , so will be driving around without a fender for a week or 2 . Heading out to Frickers with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > tonight . 
So gone right now . Lol time for bed ... both jobs tomorrow ... 
There comes a day , we sought to sway , our loves we lost along the way . Though times are hard , we make it through , searching for a love that's true . - < PROPMALE > 
So tired but can't sleep :( 
As much as I do in one day , and I can't get to sleep before 2am ? This sucks ... I really need a change of lifestyle . Work 8am - 11pm tomorrow . Ugh -_- ...... 
Following through with one of my commitments . Bought $100 worth of dietary foods . Starting my workout tonight . Aiming at a 2700 calorie intake daily . 
Drank a shake , Worked out for about 45 < PROPFEMALE > , Took a nice shower , ate a protein bar , and now I'm exhausted . Can't wait to do it again tomorrow ! :D 
Mmm , peanut butter sandwich on whole wheat bread and a chocolate milkshake for lunch . Blech !! XD 
Got almost everything done today . Haircut , eye doctor , black car fully detailed . Now I just need to get home and out my fender on the blue car ;) 
Body is so sore ... its times like these I wish I still had a girlfriend to rub the soreness away >.< 
:'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( Omg this can't be happening .... again ... 
Well looks like everything is working out so far . Got my windshield replaced , though I did have to yell at them . Now just need to fix the hood .. again . Lol 
I wonder if I missed the memo ... I've been at work now about an hour and have yet to see anyone . Lol I guess ill wait till 10 , then leave ... maybe ;p 
Work .. blah . Glad to be off at 3 . Then its off both jobs tomorrow ! Hell yea ! 
E street pub tonight . It's all good ;) 
Mmhmm ... good drinks . Watching < PROPFIRST > hit on a red head . Lol ah ... good luck < PROPMALE > . :) 
Well overall it was a good night . Had some beers , listened to some good music , and came home smelling like smoke ... bleh . lol hopefully next week is better ! 
Rocking out at DJs bday party :D 
Well today was productive . Dad and I put the corolla together , I made business cards , and put angel back together :) 
One more long day tomorrow . 8am - 11pm . 
Anyone wanna go to E Street pub tonight ? :) 
Definately a night to remember . Never played < PROPFEMALE > pong before but it was freakin awesome !! :D 
Toyota is sending me to school today . Maybe I can learn a thing or 2 ;) 
Well just one more thing to add to my resume . PRO certified in detailing :p 
Got 2 new front tires for the black stang . Ordered a ball joint , 2 calipers and brake pads . Re greased the rotors . By Tuesday she will be ready . 
Tomorrow will be interesting . Let's test my value at Toyota ;) 
Put in my 2 weeks at Toyota . It'll be nice to work only one job again ... 
\They're just things baby . They're just things that people say . \"" 
Mwahaha good times with cool people :) 
Omg ... what the he'll happened tonite . Its all a blur . Beer , pool , friends , chicks , bar hop , < PROPFIRST > , more beer . And finally sleep . Dayum !! 
After getting home at 2am , had to get up for work at 6 . Took a few hours to wake up ... and the dizziness to fade . Lol :p now for the 2nd job till 11pm . So tired ... 
A night of Rockband and drinks with some friends . Finally home at 4:30 am .... * collapse * XD 
\I find myself staring off all morning ; thinking of everything . What am I to do now . Where is she . Why do I feel like im running out of time . \"" 
E street . Mmhmm yep ;) 
\Who said anything about a relationship . Im just looking for a good time . \"" 
How did all these lightning bugs get in my room ? Its gonna feel like im sleeping outside watching the night sky ... just being optimistic :) 
Workin till 11pm . Only 3 more days of toyota left ! Not counting tomorrow cuz im OFF !! and going to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > and hopefully < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! Yay :D 
I stand here wondering . Thinking of the night . What the hell ... there's a drunk girl face down on the floor , < PROPMALE > snorning on the couch and < PROPFIRST > in his room . I stand here drinking orange juice thinking , \well tomorrow should be interesting . \ " * sips orange juice * XD " 
Fortune cookies are liars ... 
Chucks sports bar ... maybe smileys after . 
At the movies watching Green Lantern . Perfect way to clear my head ... 
I received my blue shirt today . Officially a team leader ! Hellz yea ! And my < PROPMALE > Will gave me a rhyming dictionary today ! Awesome day today :D 
Well 6am surely got here fast . Time for bed ! XD 
Oh this is not good ... XD 
First day as a blue shirt . :) awesome fireworks last night btw ! With awesome company . 
Sitting at home drawing :) 
Giving Angel a bath . :) 
Washed the car , practiced guitar , worked out , chilled with < PROPFIRST > at e street for some pool , meijer for stuff , then home . 
Rockin out super < PROPFIRST > world with < PROPFEMALE > ! :D 
Best weekend ever <3 
I think I pulled every muscle in my upper body going tubing/swimming . Omg ... so sore ... grrrr ... ;( 
Ah ... I love getting random checks in the mail . Just gets me closer to paying off my car ;) 
I have come to the conclusion that if I don't do something for a long time and try years later , im better than before . Odd ... :p 
Well , can't say I like closing at 11pm and opening at 7:30 am . Oh well :p 
Ordered a shift < PROPFEMALE > and limited slip diff for the blue Stang . This should help overall drivability as well as driving in the snow . :) 
Hmm . Could my life be taking an interesting twist ? :) 
RIP Chezza :( you were an awesome cat . 
Went to Brookville lake with < PROPFEMALE > and her family . Tried Disk Boarding for the first time . Its fun and im somewhat good at it ! ;D 
Off to Camby IN for training . 
Had a good weekend with < PROPFEMALE > . This week , will be focusing on getting my cars ready for the car show in Arba this Saturday . 
Washed and waxed < PROPFEMALE > after work today . Getting both cars cleaned up for the Arba car show on Saturday . Tomorrow have to focus on cleaning up Angel and I should be set . It's hard to enter 2 cars to the same show . Lol 
Off to the car show in Arba . Wish us luck ! :) 
My phone is currently not working , so if you need to contact me , please leave me a facebook message and I will get back to you asap . Thanks ! :D 
Got my replacement phone today . Back in business !! 
Work ... blah . XD 
Picked up a transmission cooler for Angel today after work . I figure after the performance shift < PROPFEMALE > that we installed , she could use a little extra cooling just in case . Also picked up another neon line < PROPFEMALE > to finish the back speakers . Hopefully get the exhaust patched up soon and maybe new front paint ;D 
Trans cooler installed . Re-bonded louvers to the back window . Had a nice convo with my sweet GF . Patched up and painted parts of my exhaust and cleaned the garage . Maybe I'll re torque the heads to fix that coolant problem . 
I have under my care a Beta . :) such a happy little fish . 
Wow , apparently I won something else from Cyberscholar ..... mwahaha ... anyone want to buy a 40\ Sony Internet TV ? Lol " 
Went out for a race tonight . Ok , i can man up and admit I lost .... This time . Tonight the victory goes to < PROPFIRST > Hill and his 2001 Honda Civic Si . Congrats man . We'll try again after I do a little more work to my car . 
Just got off the phone with an old friend I haven't seen in years . :) 
Beer !!! :D and people !!! 
Had some drinks with some good friends . Played some Black ops , or Blops as < PROPFIRST > calls it . Lol feelin a little better . :) 
Off today with nothing to do ... Maybe I'll do some online shopping ... 
< PROPFEMALE > in there girl ... Don't let me down . I know you can do it ... You're stronger than this . And when all else fails , think of our future together ... Or all the things you remember about us . Remember , I'll be waiting for you ... And I'm only a phone call away ... But you have to be strong ... \ 
\ 
Stay busy and don't worry about me ... And before you know it , we'll be together again . 
Out for a walk ... 
We are watching a movie .. \ 
Where a tire ... kills people . Lol omg ... this is the highlight of my week . XD 
Took care of some errands yesterday and ended the day with some good drinks , nice company , and a new show I need to keep watching . Not sure what happens now , but that's ok . Ill heed some good advice and whatever happens will happen . 
Picked up a new bed set , and a new game ( dead island ) . Get paid today with Holiday premium too . Oh , does anyone want to buy 2 tickets to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > this Wednesday in Indy ?? :) 
2 tickets to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > this Wednesday . Anyone want them ?? 
Oh c'mon ... im not conceited . I really am awesome ! :D lol 
Only 3 more hours of work , then some well deserved sleep . Indy at 8am tomorrow ... yay . Lol 
Off to indy for a few hours . Another training class . 
Bored ... guess ill go spend some money in town . 
Alright all my awesome Facebook friends : It has come to my attention that due to circumstances beyond my control .... It's time to have a kick ass party ! This Saturday . Comment or like this and tell me whatcha think ! If I get enough coming , it's on . ;) Drinks , Music , Food , Games , Bon Fire , etc . 
\This world wont bring me down . Not anymore . The trusted have failed . \ " - < PROPMALE > ;) " 
Awesome night with awesome friends ! Drinks , Blops , Soul Calibur IV , busted out the new google TV ( which is amazing ! ) :D kinda makes me not want to sell it now . Lol Good Times ... good times . 
Just one more hour of work ! Then I have a nice 4 day vacation . Mwahaha ! ;) 
IHOP !!! :D 
\Have you ever grabbed yourself and thought 
Anyone up for e street tonight ? ;) 
Venodka !!! XD 
:( 
Does anyone need a new tv ? I have one for sale . Brand new ! Only opened to see how it looked . It is regularly about $800 , but I am only asking for $600 since I really don't need it . \ 
Here's the site if interested . \ 
Sony Google Tv - 40\\ 
