It's raining again . There's a dark cloud over your head . It follows you ' round , it's bringing you down . It's raining , it's raining again . 

Implosion of our nations through , decisions of its kings . Downfall of our creation , it's the end of everything . 
I can't wait ' til I get this pedal I ordered . Should be in sometime next week . Line 6 POD X3 Live ... 
I just watched Paranormal Activity for the first time . Now it's bedtime . :D 
Can you do me a favor ? Can you have a great day ? Can you do that for me ? Thanks . 
Stupid Dog . OOGA-BOOGA-BOOGA ! 
The air feels thick , my lungs constrict , my vision blurs , my speech slurs , I lose my poise , my ears ring white noise , I feel helpless , and finally convalesce . 
So , I'm curious . Which is worse , being racist or being sexist ? Help a brotha out , bitches . 
Just made this a real Saturday morning by eating homemade biscuits and sausage gravy , courtesy of my Grandma . 
I'm still shocked that my last English essay received a 100% . 
And when she leaves you for dead , you'll be the last to know . 
I got a new guitar ... < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . I looooove it . Also got a DigiTech Grunge pedal . 
I'm so happy with this guitar . The DigiTech Grunge stompbox adds a bit more distortion to the mix and I love it . 
Smitty Werbenjagermanjensen . He was number one ! 
World of Warcraft ... Why must you be so addicting ? 
Children with a disability are not sick or gross . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour . It is Special Education Week and this is in honour of ALL children made in a unique way 
You and me and the devil makes three . 
I'm so happy , ' cause today I found my friends , they're in my head . I'm so ugly , that's okay , ' cause so are you , broke our mirrors . 
is this neglect < PROPFIRST > month or something ? 
I don't understand why < PROPFIRST > Dawson is so popular . Seriously . 
What burns the most is that you lied right to my face . 
And a new day will < PROPFEMALE > for those who stand long , and the forests will < PROPFEMALE > with laughter . 
Just don't break , don't break my heart , and I won't break your heart-shaped glasses . 
Time to finish up my essay . Went to bed at 8:30 last night , woke up extra early just to work on it . 
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good . 
Should I regret or ask my self , \Are you dead yet ? \"" 
I love essays . 
Omnomnom Subway . 
Really New River ? Really ? Even though half of the state is completely closed down , including the county you preside in and it's surrounding counties , you're still going to have school ? 
Can't explain what's come over me . Can't explain why it's so hard for me , so hard to see your side . 
I'm a little slow on all this con-fangled interwebs , can anyone perchance explain to me what is with these #'s and people talking about people ? 
So , two atoms walk into a bar . The first atom says \I lost an electron . \ " The second atom says \ " Are you sure ? \ " The first atom replies \ " I'm positive . \"" 
I just checked my grade online after doing a bunch of quizzes . I freaked out when my grade went DOWN . Then I realized that he put the final exams in as zeroes until we take it . 
This isn't where I parked my car ... 
Listening to Pantera and finishing up my Networking assignments . \ 
Livin ' the dream . 
So ... Cold ... 
Done for the semester . Ugh . Finally . 
What is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow ? 
If I go crazy , then will you still call me Aquaman ? If I'm alive and well , will you be there , holding my fin ? 
I might crumble , I might take a fall again ... 
I HATE being the nice guy . 
You're the only thing I like about me . 
I feel I've failed . I was meant to make you smile , I was meant to make you shine . 
The soft , multicolored glow of Christmas lights on freshly fallen snow is one thing I'll always look forward to . 
Tell me I should stick around for you . Tell me I could have it all . I'm still too tired to care , and I gotta go ... 
Just watched a movie I've been wanting to see since I was 7 years old : Toy Story 3 . 
Ain't that a kick in the head ? 
C'mon y'all! Commence the jigglin'! 
I'm watchin ' All Dogs Go To Heaven . I haven't seen this movie since I was a wee lad . 
Out of my 85 friends , three of them have birthdays today . So , instead of posting on everyone's walls , I'm just gonna say happy birthday to everyone here . :D \ 
\ 
HAPPEH BIRFDAY ! 
Bah humbug . 
Sleepy , sleepy , sleepy , sleepy ... 
Watching Ghost . < PROPFIRST > Swayze was the man . 
I am nothing more than a little boy inside who cries out for attention , yet I always try to hide . 
I live in a time where a 22\ LCD LED HDTV Television costs less than an iPod Touch . " 
I miss my friends ... 
10 points from Gryffindor ! 
What's on my mind ? Aww , Facebook , you're so thoughtful . 
You've created a monster , a modern day Jekyll and Hyde . You're not the same as you once were , still not sure you're even inside . 
I might crumble , I might take a fall again . Still missing you . I might crumble , I might take a fall again . But you're my everlasting friend . 
I'm listening to Kid Cudi . And enjoying it . \ 
Just thought I'd share that with Facebook . 
Ridiculous Lucky Captain Rabbit < PROPMALE > ! Lucky Captain Rabbit < PROPMALE > Nuggets are for the youth ! 
A burrito is a sleeping bag for ground beef . 
I just watched Inception for the first time , and it blew my mind . 
I lost a piece of me and you . I think I left it in your arms . I forget the reasons I got scared , but remember that I cared quite a lot . 
is playing Kingdom Hearts 2 . 
Critical hit ! It's super effective ! 
Your glass is half , his glass is full , my glass is empty . 
Rock on the range lineup just blew my mind ... 
Super Saiyan Swagger . 
Mythbusters has got to be one of my favorite programs ever . 
You're the shore when I am lost at sea . You're the only that I like about me . And in this world where nothing else is true , here I am still tangled up in you . 
I'm like Wheezy . From Toy Story , not the rapper . 
As many times as I blink , I'll think of you tonight . 
I'll run away with you tonight , plunder all my sins away . And just like that , mistakes are made . You know , tonight the world dies . 
Because in the end , everything we do , is just everything we've done . 
I just had a nightmare that Rock on the Range took place at MBHS in the New Gym and that A7X's new drummer failed miserably . 
It's 4:03 and I can't sleep . Without you next to me , I toss and turn like the sea . 
Today is Friday ? Wow . 
It's all so different now , emotions burn me out . I have a lifeless touch , this distance leaves no doubt . I fear it all too much , but part of me believes as the years pass away , you've made me recognize . I'm lost and lonely , scared and hiding , blind without you . 
excited 
Oh no . < PROPFIRST > Beiber didn't get best new artist . :( 
Your heart won't heal right , if you keep tearing out the sutures . 
Watched the sun rise on < PROPFIRST>'s Day by myself , to the tune of \Tangled Up In You\ " by Staind . I can just tell today is going to be great . " 
What better way to spend < PROPFIRST>'s Day than to listen to Bullet for my < PROPFIRST > ? 
Some omnipotent force just does not want me to sleep . 
I just about fell out of bed laughing at Metalocalypse just now . A fastfood place called \Dimmu Burger\ " ahaha . " 
Having trouble within the creative process . It seems like the only time I can come up with bits to a song are when everyone in the house is asleep . 
Scared , but you can follow me . Too weird to live , but much too rare to die . 
I need someone to talk to and get some advice from . But , everyone who cares is biased , and everyone who doesn't care ... Doesn't care . 
How is a < PROPFEMALE > like a writing desk ? 
The movie \Just Friends\ " speaks so many truths . " 
Facebook is ruining jokes . :( Every joke imaginable is a link that someone can like . Now any time you tell a joke they're like \oh lol u got dat from facebook rite ? \"" 
I could really go for some nachos . 
Put some new < PROPMALE > Ball Super Slinky strings on my < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . It feels so smooth now . 
Time flies like an arrow . Fruit flies like a banana . 
Lovely . 
there's something inside me that feels like breathing in sulfur . 
If I agreed with you , that would just make both of us wrong . 
Days like this are so boring . Wish I had something to do . 
Beastly , Gnomeo and < PROPFEMALE > , Red Riding Hood ... How many more classics are going to be butchered at the theaters this year ? 
In a pretty crappy mood . I feel like being a smartass to everyone right now . 
I just slept really well for the first time in a while . I feel great . 
Well , I had a pretty good day today . :D 
Well ... In for a < PROPFEMALE > , in for a pound . 
You < PROPFEMALE > on like a holy man pushing redemption . 
I think I could go my whole life without reading ' ftw ' , ' lol ' , ' fail ' , ' epic ' , or ' pwn ' ever again . 
I'm a flat-liner for a heart killer . 
Playin ' Spore . 
Under sunshine pylons we'll meet while rain is falling like rhinestones from the sky . 
I'm doin ' the best I ever did , I'm doin ' the best that I can , I'm doin ' the best I ever did . Now go away . 
Well , you can't be a pimp and a prostitute , too . 
Chicken fajitas yesterday , beef burritos today . I love my grandma . 
Need new music . Any suggestions ? 
If ... I could only ... reach my ... utility belt ... 
Just found some poems I wrote about 4 or 5 years ago . I wish I could still write like this . 
Bored , bored , bored . Don't want to play Xbox , don't want to play guitar , don't want to read , don't want to write , don't want to do anything but yet I'm still incredibly bored . 
Forget the who , the what , the when , the question here is why you set the bar so high and then you dropped it for this guy . You're into insincerity . It's scary that I wonder , perhaps the bar was raised so high that he just walked right under . 
Just watched Tron : Legacy for the first time . The only thing bad I have to say about it is the lack of ... Well , Tron . 
Off to Walmart . 
Sometimes I don't wanna be better . Sometimes I can't be put back together . Sometimes I find it hard to believe there's someone else who could be just as messed up as me . 
Like a boss . 
This sucks . 
What did I have on my lunch break ? Two chalupas , a snickers bar , a green Monster and a Red Bull while listening to All That Remains and Five Finger Death Punch . 
I hurt . 
I had a pretty good night . Feel a little like an idiot , but oh well . 
\Arthur\ " actually looks pretty funny . haha . " 
I'm glad it's getting warmer . I'm listening to music and being lazy . Ahh , it feels good . 
Never wanted to dance with nobody but you . 
I want to sleep , but I can't . Ugh .. 
I am prepared now , seems everyone's gonna be fine . One day too late , just as well . 
Ugh . Someone text me . Or something . I don't know . 
Haligh , Haligh , a Lie , Haligh . 
You offer only one reply , you know not what you do . 
Well , I might get out of the house today . 
That's better than a body slam ! 
Keep your hopes up high and your head down low . 
Watching Uzu Maki . 
Ya know , girls always say that guys are so terrible . I'd like to see you guys try to deal with girls . You people really are crazy . 
And you moved me , and you soothed me , and you fought me . I don't want to be alone again . And you left me wondering what the hell , what is wrong with me . 
Longshot Headshot Buzz Kill Avenger Rescuer Payback with a Spectre . God , Call of Duty , I love you . 
It's tiiiime for a Hillbilly Moment . \ 
\Knock knock . \ " \ 
Summer time looove . Gonna head out to the beach , gonna do some beach-y things . 
And I sing and sing of awful sings . The pleasure that my sadness brings , as my fingers press against the strings yet another clumsy chord . 
I'm pretty sure my laptop making a clicking sound is not a good sign . 
And you keep talking but we both know it's not true . I still know that you're wrong . And no matter what we both had to go through , I just can't , I can't hold on . 
Sometimes goodbye is a second < PROPMALE > . 
There's a man goin ' ' round and takin ' names . And he decides who to free and who to blame . Everybody won't be treated all the same . There'll be a < PROPFEMALE > ladder reaching down when the man comes around . 
Listerine on cracked lips is the best feeling in the world . 
That lucky old sun . 
Playing Fallout New Vegas . 
I could go my entire life without hearing or reading the word \shenanigan\ " again . " 
And I know it's wrong , and I know it's right . Even if I tried to win the fight , my heart would overrule my mind , and I'm not strong enough to stay away . 
So what's wrong tough guy ? Why the tears ? 
