my dog is hooked on Animal Planet . It is sooo funny ! He stayes glued to the TV when it's on . 

is thinking < PROPFIRST > is a butt head ... 
is wondering if I am loosing my mind ... 
We need to go to bed ! It's 2:00 in the morning ! We are normally asleep by 11 ! 
doesn't want to go to work today ... Ugh . 
I think it SUCKS that I have to work 6 day weeks for the next 6 weeks .... Ugh ... 
is kinda bored . < PROPFIRST > is attached to the hip with his Nintendo DS . 
thinks it really sucks that she has to work 12 hour days starting tomorrow . On top of working 6 days a week . Please ! Anyone know of any good jobs ? 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Swayze 
I wish this dang congestion in my chest would go away . It is keeping me awake . Arg . 
I feel like absolute CRAP ! This sucks ! I felt better yesterday until I got home , then it was down hill from there . Woke up at 12:30 and couldn't get to sleep till 2:30 . Arg !! 
I can't believe < PROPFIRST > and I are up this early ! Last Sunday we were up at 6 . Today it was 6:30 . We're getting old ... 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I hope everyone had a wonderful day with lots of great tasting food with loving family members . To all my friends and family , I love you all and hope you are doing well . I am very thankful for each and every one of you ! 
I love the fact that I can go wake < PROPFIRST > up from a nap and he will not move , or talk , but as soon as I send Berkley ( our dog ) up I can hear him talking to Berkley and moving around to pet him . I see where I rank ... Lol . 
My dog has a problem . He'll beg for u to play with him and then he'll act like he's in trouble and ur beating him when u play with him . We DON'T beat him ! He'll go a week or two and be fine and then BAM ! Out of nowhere . Then tonight , I was trying to get him to play and I was waving a rope bone in front of him and he kept snipping at it and then running off and hiding . I don't know what to do . Someone help !! 
I am sooo excited to watch New < PROPFEMALE > . I am having trouble finding \Breaking Dawn\ " though . I am so ready to read it ! " 
WOOOOO HOOOOO !!!!!! < PROPFIRST > WON !!! Yippee ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! I hope everyone had a wonderful day !! 
is so tired of hidden innuendos . I love people who leave comments directed towards other people instead of just saying what they need to say ... 
is dreading baseball season at work . Here come the long hours again ... 
is wishing we could pack up and go somewhere TROPICAL !! I am tired of this weather ! It's so gloomy ... 
Happy New Year everyone !! 
I am so freaking bored . 
is seriously thinking about calling in sick today . My head hurts sooo bad ! I hate migranes . 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes ! I really appreciate them ! <3 
I don't understand how there can be a commercial that says that listening to audio books makes you smarter . Are you kidding me ? 
I am so tired of the cold weather ! I just keep putting on my coconut lime lotion and looking at pictures of Gulf Shores . I'll be there soon ... 
My car won't start . We think it is the fuel pump . Which is around $200 for the parts . And unfortunately the fuel pump is in the fuel tank which means LOTS of labor . AND , on top of that , it won't start . So , we don't even know how we're going to get it anywhere to get it fixed ... THIS SUCKS !!! 
My car is getting fixed today ! YAY ! Maybe I'll get it back tomorrow ! 
I've lost 15 pounds in 3 weeks on my diet . I am SO happy ! Just have to keep it up ! 
I really thought this V-day would be the best because it is < PROPFIRST > and I's 1st V-day since we got married . But , no , nothing ... What a crap holiday . 
So yea , I JUST got home from work ... I pulled 15 hours today . Yuck ! 
is excited to go shooting tomorrow ! 
is sooooo frustrated with her job . I am not sure how much longer I can handle this ... I have not gotten home before 8 in the past 2-3 weeks . < PROPFIRST > is missing me and it's starting to not be worth it anymore ... 
is really hoping I feel better tomorrow . I have a kidney infection , and apparently I need a ultrasound because my doctor thinks my gall bladder is going to need to come out . I am FINALLY starting not to hurt so bad . I hope I don't tomorrow ... 
is really happy that spring is coming ! It is my favorite time of the year ! 
I AM SO EXCITED !!!! OneRepublic is going to be in Russellville this month !! I tried buying tickets but it said they weren't on sale yet ... I hope I get to go !! 
actually got home early from work !! I am so excited ! Maybe I can relax and try to get better ! 
is so tired of working late . Especially when it is because other people can't do their jobs right but yet they get to go home and I have to stay late ... ARG ! 
is thinking about her family ... <3 
is fixing to go play in the snow with her husband and dog ! 
is sooo excited to be off this weekend ! And for our hiking trip !! 
really wishes people would stop sending her Farmville requests . I DO NOT play that game nor will I . I get like 10 of them a day !! 
We're considering finding Berkley a new home . : 0 ( This makes me EXTREMELY sad . He is a really good dog but he's got some issues that are driving < PROPFIRST > and I crazy and making our home environment very hostile . Going to try neutering and if that doesn't work then we'll try professional training , but if that doesn't work we may have to resort to our last option . I REALLY , REALLY hope it doesn't come to that ... 
is sad that she has to work tomorrow ! : 0 ( 
was strolling along , taking Berkley for a walk when a dog from hell decided to jump his fence ! I snatched up Berkley and the damn dog lunged at him and ripped a chunk of fur out !! I was SO LIVID that I started kicking at the dog to < PROPMALE > him off . I called < PROPFIRST > and told him to get his butt where I was . I then gave a < PROPMALE > bitch out to the dogs owner . If it happens again there will be hell to pay ! 
is in love with swaptree !!! This is the BEST site I've seen ! I've been a member for 2 days and have already traded 3 books . 1 for a movie and 2 for books . Only had to ship them and pay shipping !! Sweet ! 
is sooo upset that Ugly < PROPFEMALE > got cancelled ! They SUCK !!! That was my favorite show of all time ! How could THEY !!!!! 
thinks that her husband is such a wonderful man . I am so glad I married him ! 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Gray 
someone hit < PROPFIRST>' car ! Luckily there is not much damage , only paint marks , but still people should be honest !! 
is soooo happy to be off this weekend ! : 0 ) Excited about going to the Chili Cookoff . I haven't been to one since I was little ! 
wishes her husband was interested in more . He never wants to do anything ... I'm bored ... Anyone want to go shopping call me .... 
I AM FREE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
believes that < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch ! It's come back \ 
to you once and It'll definitely do it again . 
is so excited to have a 3 day weekend with her hubby !! I normally would be working all this weekend ! 
thinks it sucks that it is raining today !! 
Happy 4th everyone ! 
\Shih Tzus are not Labrador Retrievers . They are\ 
is so in love with her hubby ! <3 
just gave her dog a bath . And now he is super hyper and wants to play CONSTANTLY ! 
< PROPFEMALE > & The Machine ... Wow !! 
is bored and waiting for her husband to get home ! 
is really hoping that our decision is a good choice and we don't suffer for this later ... 
is dreading all the chores and errands I have to do today ... 
is so mad at her dog . 
is so excited about her plans with great friends the next couple of weeks . It is great getting to see and spend time with them again !! 
has more chores to do today ... Blah ! 
is wondering what I was thinking taking up scrapbooking again ! < PROPFIRST > says that I don't have habits , I have hobbies . Well , I am starting to think that maybe a habit would have been cheaper ! lol 
sometimes I feel like throwing my hands up in the air . I know I can count on you . Sometimes I feel like saying Lord I just don't care but you've got the love I need to see me through . 
is ready for her hubby to be home from work ! 
wishes my eye would quit twitching ! It has been twitching for 3 DAYS now !! This is getting really annoying ! 
is so excited to spend some quality time with some great friends ! 
is getting sick of waiting on wondering ... I'm ready to hear the news ... 
Primetime : What would you do ? on ABC is a great show ! Tonight's episode was about bosses mistreating employees and people standing up to them . I wish more people would do that ! 
at least when I go out with friends I can answer my dang phone !!! 
our dog keeps shaking his head . I think it's his ears . This is getting crazy . There is always something with him . Either constantly scratching , or chewing , or licking himself . I am getting big dogs from now on . Little dogs are too much hassle !! 
is bored ..... 
McCormick discontinued my favorite seafood rub ! It was the only kind I could find that wasn't spicy ! Dang it ! Now what am I going to eat on my Talapia !?!?! 
is stressing ... 
wishes I was sitting on the white sand in Gulf Shores ... 
Do\ 
not join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a \ 
is excited to be celebrating her hubby's birthday with him ! 
is happy ! 
is stressing again ... 
Please check out my \My Etsy\ " tab on my profile ! " 
Calm down nerves ! 
6 minutes . I CAN do it , I CAN do it , I CAN do it ..... 
And I did it !! Now we just wait ! 
I have decided no more getting stepped on by people who think they are higher , and mightier than me . I am sick of it and not taking it anymore . 
I added some new stuff to my etsy site . Check out my tab on my profile ! 
i just won a Cricut machine on ebay for 67 bucks !!! I am SOOOOO excited !!! 
I just love fighting with my husband first thing in the morning . Great start to a great f**king day ! 
WOOO HOOOO ! GREAT DAY ! 
if anyone needs birthday cards or any occasion cards check out my Etsy tab on my profile . 
Oh , red wine ... Why do you gotta be so mean ?!? 
I wonder if 28 is too old to start dancing ... 
Why does that < PROPFIRST > Kardashian chick talk like she's 12 ?! That is so annoying ! 
there is a cat that is hanging around our house . It shows up from time to time but lately it's been here constantly . And it keeps staring at my door . I feel so bad , wish I could give it a home , but I already have Berkley . Anyone looking for a very , very sweet < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Wooo\ 
hooo !!! I am so excited ! There is a girl on Etsy that makes really \ 
beautiful hair accessories and sells them in boutiques in 6 \ 
states and all over Texas and she wants to use my chiffon flowers for \ 
her hair pieces ! That is so awesome !! 
Freaking A man !! This is a AWESOME DAY !! Someone is wanting me to make my flowers as napkin rings for her daughters wedding ! 150 of them !!! Thank you Lord ! 
is not looking forward to spending all day making 2 pans of dressing and 2 pumpkin rolls . Ugh . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
i REALLY don't want to wait in line , but I guess I'll have to ... 
I remember when I used to enjoy decorating for Christmas . I don't even enjoy that anymore ... 
Change\ 
your profile pic to your favorite character from your childhood . The \ 
goal is to remove all human faces from Facebook through Monday in \ 
remembrance of innocence lost through violence and crimes against \ 
children . 
GO BULLDOGS !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! 
Dance Central for xbox kinect is kicking my butt ! I have played for 2 hours ! This is sooo much fun and I can actually feel a burn ! Doing this everyday will DEFINITELY help ! 
I really do hate my dog 
Come on Hogs !! 
Thank you EVERYONE for the birthday wishes ! I really appreciate them !! 
Put this dog on\ 
. //* * \\\\ your profile\ 
(/ (_•_) \\) to show\ 
. _/''*''\\_ that you are\ 
(/_) ^ (_\\) against animal cruelty ! 
< PROPFIRST > is on his way home ! Just waiting to make sure he makes it safely ! Now to check on the rest of my family ! 
loves the huge , fat flakes falling right now ! 
just had a order for 31 flowers !! Wow !! 
can't believe they put Ozzy and \Beiber\ " in the same commercial ! That is a disgrace !! " 
Come on Packers , don't give it away 
thats TWO f'd up calls tonight ! 
Way to go Packers !! 
One of the Times Record photographers drove by while we were all playing in the snow and took pictures of Berkley playing and running in the snow and < PROPFIRST > scraping off his car ! Maybe one of them will be in the paper ! lol 
I just got asked to be part of a craft fair ! I want to but have NO IDEA how to go about this !! 
OMG OMG OMG !!! Someone just bought 400 bucks worth of cutouts from me on etsy ! Holy crap ! 
I have had 100 sales on Etsy ! : 0 ) 
is going to the shooting range today with her hubby ! : 0 ) 
The new movie Rio looks awesome !! I can't wait to see this film ! I love animation and Will . I . Am ! 
I had a wonderful time at Daft Craft today ! Thanks to everyone who participated in making it such a success and so much fun ! It was nice meeting new people ! 
