I just saw < PROPMALE > Rogen singing Gangster's Paradise . Wow . 

Once I overcome this mortal monthly pain , I'm heading to the mall with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Apparently , for every 1 female gamer , there are 10 single gamer males . Yay , nerds ! 
I like my beer cold , my TV loud and my homosexuals FLAMING . 
are we RECording ? 
I started using Google Chrome , but certain webpages will not load . Any ideas ? 
Hold me , I'm so pathetic ; And study , all the sudden ; Baby , suddenly find her ; Daddy , exploring only ... 
To everyone that is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tuscan AZ ! May I offer some insight ? If guns kill people then pencils mis-spell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons make people fat !!! Remember ! Hold The Person Accountable For Their Own Actions , Not The Means They Choose To Utilize It ! Repost If You Agree . I just did ! 
When I got up this morning , the Travel Channel was playing the episode of No Reservations where < PROPFIRST > visits South < PROPFEMALE > . It was great , but now I really want some low-country cuisine . 
Oh , these children . So many pics of them smoking cigarettes , obviously posing with the things in their mouths . They must be soooooo cool and popular ... NOT . 
Dear adults of fb , if you must borrow money from your mother , do not post crap about it here . It makes you look helpless and pathetic . 
I feel ... odd . 
Well , I'm officially out of wine . 
Just found out that people still congregate in Horse Creek ... wow . 
I need another job . Bad . 
I'm about to watch Che , parts 1 & 2 . I love IFC . 
Well , someone has gotten their panties all in a bunch . 
I totally stole this from Christopher ... This year we will have 1-1-11 , 1-11-11 , 11-1-11 , & 11-11-11 ...... Now take the last two < PROPFIRST > of the year you were born and add them to the age you are gonna be this year and what do you get ? 
Winnsboro Walmart's Redbox = GRRRR ! 
We turned on the oven's self-clean mode . I didn't really think that one through . This is a magnificently < PROPFEMALE > house and it is now filled with noxious fumes . I'm wearing sunglasses while I type this because it burns my eyes . Technology 1 , young adults 0 . 
I wish I didn't have to talk to stupid people . But , I guess I wouldn't do much talking at all if I didn't . 
Been watching < PROPFEMALE > . Yeah , < PROPFEMALE > . Remember when MTV was worth changing the channel to ? 
I have to find something to do tomorrow night so I'm not a third wheel to a gay fiasco ... 
It's < PROPFIRST>'s Day ? Shoot , I forgot to get a boyfriend again . 
just droning . 
Any pain that you could bring to me is nothing comparatively . \ 
And I’ve been so lost and found , I can’t smile , I can’t frown . \ 
Happy song , nothing’s wrong , it’s all fun , am I done ? 
Keep your head down . Keep your mouth shut . It will all pay off in the end . Don't be the little engine that said \F**k it . \"" 
I have the day off . I have the house to myself . Yayyyyy !!! 
Ugh . I need to get away from here . Seriously , I'm sick of all of you . 
( In my Family Guy < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > BlaccuWeather voice ) WHO WANTS THIS CAT ??? 
I watched Pink Flamingos last night ... I feel unclean . 
Work , work , work . What's after that ...? Oh , yeah . Work . 
< PROPFEMALE > Artois =) 
I hate you . Truly I do . But , it hurts to see you doing things and achieving goals when I'm still stuck in the exact same place that you left me . 
My computer just started playing what I believe to be < PROPFIRST > Lambert . It won't stop . I've looked in every < PROPFEMALE > and window . Make it go awayyyyyy !!!!! 
you can't be top dog if you act like a pussy . 
my kingdom for a cigarette . 
sitting here earning that phd in faggotry . 
If you sail into the sun , beware the eyes of green . 
All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl . 
Quote of the Day : \There's a knife in my crotch . \"" 
put your yahoo in myspace and twitter . 
She's far too good looking to do the cooking . 
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah ... blah . 
so bored I'm considering peeling my eyeballs for entertainment . 
money makin 
shower . chill . sleep . work . outside . sweating . serving other people during spring break . in a polo . weird taxi drivers . not looking forward to tomorrow . 
fuck . today . hard . 
worst workday ever . Now ... beer . 
totally awake . totally bored . 
Imminent in feeling , vacant of all thought . Like a stagnant piece of rock . like a stagnant piece of rock . 
know of anyone looking for a roomie ? i haven't slept in a month . 
I watched Catfish last night . If I have never met you in person , you can expect to be deleted in the next few hours . 
if you don't have anything nice to say , go sit in the yard and drink a beer . 
[ adult swim ] and boredom 
ugh 
socially underfed . 
Grease is on tv . That Cha Cha chick looks like she's in her forties . 
got stuck in the woods last night . sat there for an hour . someone finally came . 
chillin . waiting on the car to be fixed . hit me up . 
i actually have 2 days off in a row . wow . this is going to be pretty nice . 
I walk in beauty , like the night \ 
of cloudless climes and starry skies ; \ 
and all that's best of dark and bright \ 
meet in my aspect and my eyes . 
Blue < PROPFIRST > . It's making me depressed . 
who's got the cheat codes for life ? 
Babycakes . 
I love the smell of elephant < PROPFEMALE > in the morning . 
the best weekend ever came to the worst ending ever . isn't < PROPFEMALE > done kicking my butt yet ? i get it . 
I feel all ... dead inside . 
Listen my new friend , please . Have a sympathetic tender ear . 
wide awake . 
Hey , isn't the world supposed to end today ? Complete BS , but at this point , I may just welcome it . 
I can be that actress , you be Tarantino . 
one whole plate of sushi + double scoop of ice cream in a waffle cone = a lot of stomach pain . ouch . 
blaze a blaze ... 
the power keeps flickering . i lit candles . not enjoying being alone right now . 
Dysmenorrhea . Google that shizz and pity me . 
You can lead a camel to a well , but you can't make the stubborn bastard drink . And you can sit , play show and tell , but you can't make a stubborn brain think . 
considering deleting all of you die hard christians ... 
So ... the out-of-state cost for the school I want to go to is still cheaper than most schools around here ... good to know =) 
... your job's a joke , you're broke , your love life's DOA ... 
somebody put your radio on 94.3 ... what the hell is up with that ? it's been doing it all day ... 
... make no mistake , she sheds her skin like a snake ... 
anyone want to take a crack at fixing my laptop ? 
I flipped my car over . I was trying to avoid a deer on a curve(and yeah , I was going a little fast ) . And I flipped it right over . It's totaled and I can only find part of my phone . So , hit me up on here . 
The cat .... threw up .... in my BED !!! I'm awake . lol . Time to do laundry . 
... so tired of job applications . 
OMG . There is nothing like clarity , pushing aside all of the bs and finally having everything in your life make sense . HA . I know what I'm doing . Took me long enough . 
Just got myself a job interview . 
When she wakes up in the morning , she writes down all her dreams . Reads like the book of Revelations or The < PROPFEMALE > Prophecy . 
You'll never fumigate the demons no matter how much you smoke . 
Getting back into my workout schedule . Sweating . Caffeinating . Happy . 
About to watch a crazy movie . Yay ! 
\There's a price to be paid for dreaming . \ " - Jesus ' Son " 
London Riots . Wow 
$5000 to donate eggs . Hmmm . 
Working at the zoo . At least it's not hot . 
Slept all day yesterday . Feel better today . 
Why do people stop you to chat when you are obviously out trying to burn some calories ? Not now . Must keep moving . 
I must stop leaving my phone in random places . Sorry to folks who tried to get in touch with me yesterday . 
Rubber < PROPFIRST > . Why does that exist ? 
I'm in a good mood today . Don't screw it up ! 
Anyone for Pimm's and brie ? 
Sweating my butt off at finley park . Happy pride ! 
What manner of faggotry is this ? 
Zoo . Yay . 
I've been setting up at the zoo all day . Literally . Finally going home . 
Do me a favor : please hover over my name here , wait for the box to load and then hover over the \Subscribe\ " link . Then uncheck the \ " comments and likes\ " choice . I would rather my comments on friends ' posts not be made public . Then repost if you don't want your EVERY MOVE posted on the right for everyone to see ! :) I'll do the same for you if you want . Just click \ " like \"" 
Got home from work at 3am this morning . Slept for 3 hours . Went to class for 7 hours . I will be in my room . Indefinitely . 
Choose Life . Choose a job . Choose a career . Choose a family . Choose a fucking big television , choose washing machines , cars , compact disc players and electrical tin openers . Choose good health , low cholesterol , and dental insurance . Choose fixed interest mortgage repayments . Choose a starter home . Choose your friends . Choose leisurewear and matching luggage . Choose a three-piece suit on hire purchase in a range of fucking fabrics . Choose DIY and wondering who the fuck you are on Sunday morning . Choose sitting on that couch watching mind-numbing , spirit-crushing game shows , stuffing fucking junk food into your mouth . Choose rotting away at the end of it all , pissing your last in a miserable home , nothing more than an embarrassment to the selfish , fucked up brats you spawned to replace yourselves . Choose your future . Choose life ... But why would I want to do a thing like that ? I chose not to choose life . I chose somethin ' else . And the reasons ? There are no reasons . 
The chaos that is my schedule has calmed for the time being . I better rest up while I can . But , there is still so much to do ! 
Hitch yourself a ride beyond the fastest freight train : Beat the Smoke ... Find the Thigh ... Spend the Shiny ... Throw the Shroud ... Kiss the morning < PROPFEMALE > in the morning glass ... Mad Road Driving Men Ahead . 
