uugghhh , homework sucks . 

I hope tomorrow goes well . :) 
Wow facebook is complicated ... lol 
its amazing how so much can branch out and grow from so little .. One action leads to countless events , countless scenarios , and countless reactions . 
hey .. taste the rainbow .. :) 
i will be in spain in eight days . :) \ 
who wants to hangout before i leave ? lol 
eminem's new album recovery is pretty damn amazing . lol 
im in spain !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
BE JEALOUS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
:) :) :) :) 
i´ve been in madrid for almost two days now . the streets are amazing and so much fun to walk around but every driver sucks ass , it´s kinda scary . i wish i could´ve brought alot of people with me . i cant be on long , leave me stuff . miss you guys . 
by the way < PROPFIRST > , shut the hell up . lol\ 
and miya , you know what we talked about when i get back so dont be saying no sex . lol jk , kinda , not really . 
wowwwwwwwww im sooooooo tireddddddddddddd . 
home from spain . :) 
okay so ifinally got some pictures up but some are sideways , bear with me . lol 
Hey i'm trying to find people who would be interested in joining my gym and start training in Mixed Martial Arts . The gym is Called < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Jiu Jitsu of Fresno . I have all the details and if you or anyone you know is interested tell them to contact me and i'll give them all the details and help them get started . Thank you i really appreciate the help . 
Please , put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . People who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% of Facebookers won't copy and paste this ,? Wear purple tomorrow to honor the 6 teenagers bullied to death , because of their sexuality . ? 
im going to fail my ACT , i can feel it . 
Everyperson has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient has just one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% . & put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honour of those who lost their lives or are still fighting for their lives , because of cancer . 
anyone taking the SATs at clovis high tomorrow ? 
bro .. lets chill .. 
i hate sadies . gurrrrgg im bored . 
< PROPMALE > girls are amazing . lol 
I hate facebook , why do i keep logging on ? 
Everyone go check birdzilla's < PROPFEMALE > for the best shirt known to man and leave your size ! 
Hey , everyone should get a birdzilla shirt from my boy < PROPFIRST > .. if you know whats good for you ...... 
