To all my Facebook Family I want wish you all a happy and wonderful New Year . I had a good time last night celibrating the New Years with some really good friends . Who hosted a new year get together and it was a lot of fun . 

is glad to be home from work . What a day !! 
Is leaving town . Our family is going camping over fathers day weekend . I am going to do some fishing and some writing and a whole lot of RELAXING !!!. \Ya all have a great weekend ya heer !! \"" 
I am still sore and stiff from being rear ended Monday evening on Interstate 5 north . What a way to end a nice camping trip . 
Just posted two short stories on a writers blog check them out at oregon-writer@Writing.Com 
I had a long today , still in pain and I have to be at work tomorrow morning . So i am going to bed . Goodnight to all my FB friends and God bless you all . 
Had a great 4th of July which started at 6am and lasted until after midnight . 
Is looking forward to the upcoming trip to Crater Lake . Only 6 days away . I am also happy that I just got my truck back from the body shop . Not sur why < PROPFEMALE > is upset with me . All I said was that I love my truck almost as much as I love her . She < PROPMALE > up o 
A customer came into the gas station , where I work today . After the gas pump determined that the tank was full , thus shutting off . He decided that he would < PROPFEMALE > up his own pump . As he was pulling the gas nozzle out of the vehicle he squeezed the handle . G 
Is going to enjoy something cool and refreshing to drink at Sonics Happy Hour . And at the same time enjoying the company of a very special nine year old little girl , named < PROPFEMALE > . Thank God for Children !!! One of his many gifts . 
Is getting off of here for the day . I need to get some writing done . Have some contest deadlines coming up . Hopefully I can get a lot more writing done next week at Crater Lake . Really looking forward to this trip . To all of my FB Family , have a wonderful 
Leaving for Crater Lake NP in T-46 hours and twenty minutes , and counting down . It is going to be a long drive pulling the trailer . Once I am there , I will let < PROPFEMALE > do all of the driving . My neck and shoulder still giving me trouble from the accident on 
Crater Lake here we come !! T-18 hours and counting down . Five days of fun and relaxing . Look for pictures next week . To all my FB friends I hope that you have a great week . 
Is glad to have < PROPFEMALE > back home after being gone to kids camp for five days . 
Just got done with < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday party . Now she is having a sleep over . I am definitely out numbered by women . There are 5 females including our cat pepper Help !!! 
Fixed breakfast for < PROPFEMALE > and her friends , French Toast , Bacon , and Eggs , < PROPFEMALE > missed out because she had to go to work this morning . Now it time to get ready to return them to their Parents . I'm thinking that we might stop for some Mountain Dew on the way . 
Had a very busy weekend . I enjoyed it . I am not looking forward to going back to work tomorrow . 
Now the proud Grandpa is going to bed , and catch some much needed sleep . Been up since 5:00 Am yesterday morning . I am Beat !!! 
Last night , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , spent the first night at home . At about 7:00 PM the doctor gave his mom ( < PROPFEMALE > ) the option of spending another night there or going home . So at 9:30 we picked them up and took them home . with a short trip by Wal mart where < PROPFIRST > Sr and < PROPFEMALE > Work . All work came to almost a full stop as their Co-workers and friends congratulated the couple and made a fuss over < PROPFIRST > Jr. 
I am going to bed got to go to work tomorrow . I feel terrible , but i can't afford any more time off . 
Antibiotics are kicking instarting to feel better . However I am just getting older and falling apart . My heel on my right foot hurts when I put pressure on it . Whats next or should I ask . Glad to be off work and taking it easy at home , for the moment anyway . 
As a parent what do you do ? When every time you ask your child why did you do that ? They respond with \I don't know !! \ " To me that is not an answer . " 
Going Camping tomorrow . Can not wait . Less than 22 hours to go !!! 
Had a good time at Family camp . Looking forward to our next camping trip to < PROPFEMALE > beach , for my Birthday in October . 
Is up and ready to meet the new day , Praying that it will be better than yesterday . Looking forward to helping < PROPFEMALE > and her friends raise money for the < PROPMALE > Cadets Bible quizzing Team . The team is collecting cans that they can turn in for for cash . Proceeds go to help the kids attend the district quiz meet . if you live in Hillsboro or Beaverton . call me at 503-26 0-0 222 and we wil pick them up . 
Is tired after a long day of job searching . I know that i will find something it just may take a while . 
I want to thank all of my Facebook friends for all the happy birthday wishes . Yes I had a really good Birthday Weekend . We spent 5 days on the coast at Newport Oregon . a couple of my best friends joined us on Saturday . We walked on the Beach . Went to the Whales Tail for some lunch , returned to the camp for some cake B-Cake and ice cream Had a great time . A lot of family time . 
Is getting Tupperware products ready for a show at Portland Community College . I will have a booth on Monday and Tuesday . On the Sylvania campus . Hoping to book some parties , sign up some new recruits and distribute a lot of Tupperware products . 
Is also looking forward to attending my wifes ( < PROPFEMALE > ) Graduation and then dinner party at < PROPFEMALE > Garden . I really enjoy the food there . SOOOOOOO GOOOOOOD !! I also want to wish all of our Bible quizzers the best of luck as they make their first bible quiz of the season . I know that they are going to shine tomorrow . 
Ah !!! Back Home from a very bvusy but fun Day . < PROPFEMALE > had her graduation today a few members of our Church Family and close friends attended the graduation at the convention center . Then it was off to Starbucks for some refreshing drinks . Followed by a celibration lunch at < PROPFEMALE > Garden . < PROPFEMALE > was attending her quizz meet and was unable to attend the graduation . < PROPFEMALE > did very well at the Bible Quiz meet today ! 
I am so amazed at how many of my friends , from High School , that I have been able to reconnect with here on Facebook . The good thing is that has come at a time in my life when reconnecting with friends is important . and it has had a positive impact on my life . 
Is getting things ready for the Mystery Host Tupperware Party . It is tonight at 7:30 PM at the Quatama Crossing apartmets Club House . If you are local and can make it we would love to have you join us for an evening of fun , and your < PROPMALE > to see what is new with Tupperware . Who knows you may just be our mystery host . Come on you know you want to !! 
Is really bummed out over lhis Son , Daughter in-law and Grandson , Are leaving Oregon to move to Missouri Saturday morning . Feels like my heart has been ripped right out of my chest . It really hurts < PROPFIRST > Jr is only 3 months old . 
Just got in from babysitting my grandson , so that my son could get some sleep . 
Is thankful for his family and friends . All the blessings that our Lord and savior has given each and everyone of us . 
My Poor Ole Truck is sick ! She has a bad heater core . The mechainic said that surgery was going to run about $850.00 OUCH . I need to sell ALOT OF TUPPERWARE THIS MONTH to cover this one . I said surgery because they have to remove the entire dash . Hoses and wiring to get to the heater core . The part itself is only about $125.00 
See you all later my dear FaceBook friends , I have to get busy . I am going to a Holiday Bazaar at Portland Community College , Wednesday and Thursday . Need to get stuff ready . 
Getting ready for a big weekend . 
Is getting ready to attend the annual Tupperware Christmas Party . 
Just finished rearanging one bookcase I should tackle the onther one ... I think I'll wait til another day the fist one wore me out ! 
Checkout My Tupperware < PROPFEMALE > and become a fan 
Getting ready for bed . To all myfacebook family have a wonderful Christmas and safe traveles to and from for those that are traveling on during the holidays . 
We have snow in Oregon . The weatherman said we would get rain . Instead we have Snow !! 
Checkout my Tupperware , Facebook < PROPFEMALE > and become a fan ! 
I spent some time in the kitchen today . Made a batch of < PROPFEMALE > Bear Brownies to give to a good friend . They are heavenly delicious . 
It has been a busy day to day . Now it is time to get somemuch needed sleep . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I just made a bunch of cookies for the quiz meet this Saturday . THEY ARE GOOD ! 
Preparing food ahead of time , for a big breakfast tomorrow morning before the quiz meet 
I have a question all my facebook friends . I heard today that burger < PROPMALE > is opening a store in florida , where you will be able to purchase a beer with that whopper or any other value meal , or by itself . If you buy it with the meal it only cost $2.00 more . By itself you are looking at $4.25 . What do you think about Burger < PROPMALE > serving beer ? 
worromot yad doog a sah enoyreve taht epoh I 
Just woke up with a bad caffeine terrible headache . Oh it hurts I need a PEPSI REALLY BAD 
Up and going but very tired still . Good morning everyone 
Greetings to all my Facebook friends and family . I hope that all of you have a wonderful weekend , and that in the upcoming week each and everyone of you are blessed . I say this because I will not be on facebook this week . I have some writing projects that I have been neglecting . I need to finish them . My poor charactors being left in limbo . I will return February 6th . 
Not so sure that I like the new homepage . It is going to take some getting use to 
Just got home from a super Bowl Party . I had a wonderful time with family and some really great friends . Although i think I ate to much I am Stuuffed . Even though my team Lost . 
Our poor cat has been sick for the last couple of months . We thought that she was going to get somewhat better and that her condition was managable . Friday she really started going down hill fast . We had decided to have her put down and end her suffering this afternoon . She passed away this morning sometime between 2:30 and 7:00 this morning her name was pepper and she is dearly missed by all who knew her . 
Is it Saturday already ? 
< PROPFEMALE > and I just finished baking some White Chocolate chip cookies . Now we are making some honeybear brownies for our friends and Family game night tomorrow 
Having another one of those nights can't sleep ! 
This has been a buy afternoon and evening , and it isn't over yet . Doing some volunteer work , helping some friends who are having transportation issues . Even though it has been busy , it has been a very enjoyable day . 
To all my Face Book friends and Family , I will talk to you later . Busy Busy day . gotta get the kitchen cleaned up so I can bake a birthday cake . And several other chores around the house I hope that each and everyone has a blessed day today . 
Today was a fairly nice day today . Looking forward to the weekend . 
I just heard the news that Chile experianced an earthquake that registered 8.8 it happened earlier this morning . There are also tsunami warnings for Hawaii 
To all my Facebook family and friends have a great day today 
I am excited , tonight I am getting ready to attend a Tupperware Rally ! 
Things are starting to look up ! 
Getting ready to spend some time with my cousin . I am also going to the beach , this weekend . Newport here I come , Woooo Hooo ! 
I get my truck back tomorrow . I have been on the bus/max for the last 3 months . It has not been all bad I enjoy the free entertainment . no fighting for parking spots , I get to read and leave the driving to someone else . Even with all that I still love my truck . SHHH Don't tell < PROPFEMALE > . 
The weekend is almost upon . I wish all my facebook friends and family great day , today . Take care and be safe . 
Another weekend has come and gone . I hope that everyone had a good time . 
Thursday was a very good day . I had lunch , with one of my many brothers in Christ . I took the bus to his place of work . That can be interesting sometimes just by itself . Taking the bus that is . Then we headed off to lunch at a nice little cafe . So Thank you brother for making my day better ! 
I am off to Tillamook what a great day for a drive to the coast ! 
I am so tired that I can hardly keep my eyes open . I NEED MORE PEPSI ! 
I finally had the < PROPMALE > to sit down with family and friends and watch \Blind Side\ " great movie . It is a must see movie . Yesterday we traveled to the coast and had dinner with my cousin and a few of his friends . That was also a real treat . " 
I can hardly wait . Only 6 days and I will be taking a 4 day vacation to Antelope Oregon . It is going to nice . 
I hope that all of my Facebook friends and family have a wonderful evening . And happy and sfe Easter Weekend . I am off to Church for our Good Friday Service . Tomorrow I am going to spend the better part of the day working on some writing projects . Therefore I may not be on here very much this weekend . 
Although the weather might not be all that nice today it is a good day because I am spending the afternoon with my wife and a friend . 
Another wet Day in Oregon . I can not wait for Summer to arrive . I spent this last weekend at the Washington Family Ranch in Antelope Oregon ( Young Life camp ) I was attending Bootcamp NW . There we covered the book Wild at Heart . Great fellowship with other men , great food in a great place . God is good all the time ! 
It is somewhat still cloudy , but no more rain , and it is cool . I hope that all my facebook friends have a great day . 
Now we are at the closing of a pretty good day cooked a home cooked meal , which I shared with a friend . Then we sat down and watched < PROPMALE > . I have not seen that movie in decades . forget years . While I was out taking my friend home I stopped off at my old place of work to talk to another friend . 
Today is going to be a very busy day . Running alot of errands and helping a good friend who is currently without a vehicle . I hope that all my facebook friends have a blessed and safe day . 
Today was a great day that the Lord has made ! Attended worship services this morning . Then we headed out to Seaside with family and friends . A nice bowl of Clam Chowder , Fun on the beach , followed by Ice Cream on a waffle cone . MMMM Good 
I hope that all of my Facebook friends and Family are having a wonderful day . Please put < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers . She left for outdoor school today and they have a fairly long drive ahead of them . 
Hopefully tomorrow wil be a better day . My laptop has been having an attitude about connecting to the internet . So I uninstalled the wireless device , then when I went to reinstall I could not find the disc for it . Since we had two of them I was not worried but wouldn't you I can not find either of them . I probably put them in a safe place just don't remember . 
Good Night to all my facebook friends and family ! 
Heading out to do some errands . Getting ready for our upcoming camping trip to < PROPFEMALE > Beach in Neport . 
Just changed my Profile picture . In this Photo I am holding my Grandson < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Downing < PROPMALE > . Cute little Guy ! 
Spent the weekend at the beach . Had a great time took a lot of pictures . Stopped at Mo's on the way home , MMM MMM Good , and no I didnt haveCampbells soup . Fried Shrimp , dinner salad with shrimp and fries . Attended service at Newport Nazarene church . Weather was great NO RAIN He He ! 
Good night to all my FB friends and Family . I hope that you all have a wonderful and safe weekend . Tomorrow I am heading to my cousins house . First stop is Salem to watch the soap box derby races . While I am at my cousin's I plan to work on the camper , target practice with my 22's . Do some B-B-Q , have lots of fun . If the weather gets bad , plan B is to do some writing on my laptop , watch movies and play some games . 
Arrived back home about 2 hours ago . Had a good time visiting . For the most part the weather cooperated , so I didn't get any writing done . Finished 2 of the 3 repairs needed on the camper . Wathed 2 movies While we were there . My cousin fixed dinner one of the 2 night that we were there . And can she ever cook MMM-Good ! So it was a good weekend ! 
Goodnight to all my FB friends and Family . 
Got a lot of stuff that needs to be done , And It is such anice day , maybe I should go fishing . 
Today has been a good day . I had lunch with a very good friend . This evening I attended a candle light prayer vigil for Kyron Hormon , with my wife , daughter and friend . The evening was topped off with a trip to Burger < PROPMALE > with more friends for a soda and some casual conversation . 
Today is definately going to be a very long day , as I prepare for my trip to Brownesville Oregon , to attend the Pioneer Picnic and festival . I hope that all my Facebook friends and family have a wondeful weekend . 
Please keep my Nephew , < PROPFIRST > , and his family in your prayers . their 8 week old Daughter is very ill and is in the hospital in Little Rock . As I understand it the doctors are not sure what is wrong with her yet . Her Parents are beside themselves and seeking answers . So please pray for her to get well and for her parents peace , calmness and understanding . 
It has been a busy day and I still have alot to do , I hope that all of \ 
you have a great evening and a great rest of the week . I will try to keep you posted as I receive information about my Great-neice < PROPFEMALE > 
I just received this from my sisiter in Little Rock . Good news ! They have discovered that My nece < PROPFEMALE > has an alergy to the protein in the formula she has been receiving . She is doing much better now and will be moved out of ICU soon . Thank you all for your prayers ! 
Good day today spent time with family and watched some old movies grilled some burgers on the grill . 
YOUR PHONE\ 
NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK ! Go to the top right of your screen , click \ 
Account ~ then Edit Friends ~ Go to the left side of your screen and \ 
click Phonebook . Everyone's phone#'s are now being published . \ 
Please repost . Let your friends know this is happening so they can \ 
remove ... their phone #'s by changing their privacy \ 
settings ... THIS IS TRUE CAUSE I JUST LOOKED AND I HAVE ALL YOUR \ 
< PROPFIRST > ! 
I feel very blessed that I am a member of Hillsboro Nazarene Church and we have such an awesome pastor with an equally awesome family . Today was a great day thank you Pastor < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . We had a great time at you home today ! 
Good night to all my facebook friends and family . 
What a nice day . We are getting ready to head out to celebrate Hillsboro and then down to the Saturday Market in Portland . 
Working late tonight , getting ready for a festival in Vernonia Oregon , this weekend . For those of my friends who are local ; come and visit our booth and join the activities . 
What caused the crash is that someone was impatient . They were in a big hurry to get somewhere . It cost them and it cost me . I wonder if they think that it was worth the risk . My truck was not just any truck . It was my truck . It was given to me by my late father . While I am truly greatful that everyone escaped serious lifethreatning ijuries and that we are all alive . I feel that part of me has died as well . 
Just got home from the Tillamook County Fair where we watched < PROPMALE > Engvall . Had some fun , hurts to laugh because of the bruises I recived in Sundays accident . Impatience can get you hurt , or may result in getting someone else hurt maybe even killed . Instead of driving faster to reach your destination leave earlier . Because if you drive faster and have an accident in the process did you really gain anything ? 
< PROPFEMALE > had her Birthday party tonight had a lot of fun , Pizza , Cake and yes Ice Cream . Now I am surrounded by girls , girls and mor girls . And the drama that goes with it . All part of being a dad wouldn't change it for anything . 
If anyone in the portland metro area knows anyone who rents 3/4 ton or one ton trucks that can be used for pulling a travel trailer please let me know . Need one for Family Camp 
As of tonight , It has been a week since the accident . Still somewhat sore ; stressed out over my friend who has suffered some very painful injuries . As well as I , and property loss . Monday I start the tidious task of sorting through the inventory to see what is sellable and what needs to be trashed and reported to the other parties insurance . Remember to have < PROPFEMALE > when you drive , the life you save might ber yours ! 
Today was a good lay around do nothing day . Attended church this morning then ran a few errands . Then it was home for the rest of the day . Which is a good thing considering that I am recovering from an accident . I want to thank everyone for their prayers . I know that my body will heal in Gods timing . 
Today was fairly decent day didnt get much accomplished , but I did visit with a friend . Tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > is off from work , so we are going to visit the truck and , grab some more personal belongings . 
Well I have a long day today . So I will say goodnight to all my facebook friends and family . Have safe one and , remember have < PROPFEMALE > with your fellow men/women . 
Looking forward to my trip to Arkansas September 27th . I am going there so that my mother and sister and I can attend my youngest sons graduation from Basic training at Fort Sill in Oklahoma . 
Way past my bed time , Have a busy day tomorrow . 
Today was a great day . I was able to spend the day with my . Mom , and Sister . and < PROPFEMALE > . My youngest son , < PROPMALE > , who is graduating from Basic Training at Fort Sill tomorrow . 
It was really great to spend another day with my son PFC < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Downing , who graduated from basic training today at fort Sill in Oklahoma . He is proudly serving in the US Army . and just incase you can't tell his dadand his family is also very proud of him ! 
Just got home from the get together , at American Pie Pizza , In North Little Rock . Thank to all those were there . I really enjoyed it . It is always good to reconnect with old friends . Looking forward to meeting up with some of you that were unable to attend . 
Although I enjoyed my trip to my ole stompin grounds in North Little Rock Arkansas , And I was able to visit with friends and family . Even though I had a great time it is nice to be back home in the greater North West with my loving Wife and family . 
Thank you everyone for the Happy Birthday wishes . It has been a good day . But 50 I could have sworn that I just graduated a few years ago . I worked in Publicity for < PROPMALE > . Anyone know where < PROPFEMALE > Dockins is doing ? She played < PROPMALE > and did an awesome job . 
Its a great day here in Beaverton Oregon . I am up and on my way out of the office to visit clients . Then I will meet up with my wife , daughter and a good friend for a free lunch at Hometown Buffet . 
It was a good day yesterday . went to church then attended a birthday party that my wife and some of my friends had planned . Today was also a good day did not get a whole lot done though . I hope tomorrow is more productive . 
Had a great evening with friends . We watched the game between University of Oregon ( Ducks ) and UCLA . That is if you can call it a game . UCLA did not even score a touch down until the middle of the fourth quarter . The final score was 60 to 13 the only way that UCLA would have had a < PROPMALE > catch up is if the Ducks had sat on the bench and let UCLA have the field to themselves . 
Had a good day , made a trip to the west side of Salem to talk to a perspective client made a few cold calls . the weather was good had a nice drive . 
I spent the day working at home today . My back bothered me all night last night and a good part of today . Took some meds so I thought I should stay off the road today . 
Rough night can not sleep . some discomfort . Busy day tomorrow so I am going to bed and fall asleep when ever I do . 
My wife and a friend are planning on dying their hair . I asked her what color ? Her reply was I don't know . I made a couple of suggestions , I thought would look nice . Since Halloween is tomorrow the Civil War game is coming up . I told her she should go with black and orange highlights since she likes the Beavers . she glared at me . I knew that was not a consideration . So I suggested she try Yellow and green . 
It finally happened I now realize that I must be getting old . I say this because I am having a hard time getting behind the whole Halloween thing . I used to love it when I was a kid . We would go down Middleton , back around Crestwood , Stratford , Hampton , Candlewick , < PROPMALE > . Then we would go home put our < PROPFEMALE > away and do it again . What fun ! 
Inspite of my feelings about Halloween we spent time with members of our church family tonight . It included dinner , then we attended a harvest event at a Baptist church . We returned to their home , took the kids Trick or Treating . A ferry , a zombie footbal player , one < PROPMALE > miss vampire . A baby two dogs five adults . I was not surprised about 1 out of 6 houses were handing out < PROPFEMALE > . But the Kids all had a good time . 
Today went by to quick . I Slept longer than I should have , then I had an appointment at 2:00 pm that ran until 3:30 . Stopped by the hospitol to pick up a friend at the Emergency room and then on to the house . And now I feel tired again not sure what is going on just seem to not have a lot of energy these days . 
It is wonderful day that our Lord has made for us . It is also going to be a busy day . I hope that all my facebook friends and family have a super great day , today . Fall is wonderful , so many colors as the leaves change colors . It is cool but not bitter cold . 
Another great day that our Lord has made . I am up and ready for a day of travel and prospecting . Meeting new people is only one of the many things I enjoy about this line of work . I hope that all of my Facebook Friends and Family have a wonderful day today . 
Let it snow let it snow let it snow !!! Its here 
Well the snow was short lived , What a bummer !! 
Looking forward to Christmas , Not very many things under the tree . What I do have is Jesus , a wonderful wife , two very sweet daughters , a couple of good Sons , two Daughter in-laws , one swell grandson , a loving mother and two sisters . And a whole lot of friends and Family . Last but least is faith that Arkansas is going to beat Ohio . Go Hogs Go !! 
I don't believe it , the Ducks lost . That's just wrong ! 
I am looking forward to visiting my cousin this weekend . 
Sometimes , no matter how much you believe in something . No Matter how much planning you put into it . No matter how hard you work to make it come together , it becomes an up hill battle , time starts to run down , and the clock is ticking . your project becomes a constant struggle . Financially you can't afford to quit but he stress builds . When do you throw in the towl ? 
What an interesting day on the West Coast . 
Why do I feel that I am not getting anywhere in life . One short coming after another . They say that when life gives you lemons . Then make lemonade , so what do you do with 5,000,000 gallons of this crap ? 
I am feeling really down right now . The home show did not particularly well . I wish that I could have been in Arkansas this week , my youngest son is home on leave from Afghanistan . Would have been nice to spend sometime with him and my daughter-inlaw 
