the snow looks nice , but my car dosn't like it . Ready for some sun . 

Urban dictionary.com - < PROPMALE > : < PROPFEMALE>'s ex boyfriend , who has been rumored to have caused the relationship to end by having sex with < PROPFEMALE>'s sister . He is currently playing the field , and it seems he has multiple hot girlfriends now . Damn , < PROPMALE>'s got all the bitches after him now . Too bad < PROPFEMALE > and him broke up . He could have been her sugar daddy . Now she's out on the streets having sex for crack . 
Is getten ready for the Superbowl . Go Saints , but Colts are going to win . 
This will be the biggest Mardi Gras ever ! 
Couldn't get the day off yesterday , but I'm home today just kick'en back . 
Ohno rocks the silver , but wow those Koreans are crazy fast . 
Tulsa Tech High School Culinary Team rocked their menu last Monday with my recipes . I think they are ready to win state on Friday . 
My Ion needs a brake job , again ! Not going stock this time ; it's time for an upgrade . 
< PROPFEMALE > is turning 18 , I can't be this old . 
My Redline is gettig all new EBC brakes next weekend , Yellow racing pads with GD drilled and slotted rotors , yeah . 
Tulsa's culinary team is getting ready for Nationals at the end of the month in KC . Team A didn't want to do the B's menu so we gave the A menu a overhaul , Moroccan style . Lamb chops and couscous , yoe . 
says Team B is starting to get the new Moroccan recipies down , and they like it . Might have a < PROPMALE > to place near the top at Nationals this time around . That would be cool for Oklahoma . 
resting up from 5 days in KC . Tulsa's High School Culinary Team , Team A , did great at the Pro-Start Nationals Culinary Competition . Won't know where we ranked for a couple of weeks , but they finished under time and had the best feedback and comments from the judges ever ! 
Team A , placed 22nd out of 39 at Nationals . I thought we ded better . We'll get'em next year . 
< PROPMALE > and I are finally going to put our new EBC yellow break pads and rotors on this week end . 
Someone needs to send me some pics from KC , I'm counting on you guys . 
Just finished beading in my new brakes . They are the bomb . 
is finally recoved from some food poisoning from a < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPMALE > burger on Wednesday . Wednesday night and all day Thursday were rough . 
I need to take my laptop apart to re-solder the AC connector < PROPFIRST > today . Pretty scarry ! 
My computer died last week so now I have a < PROPMALE > , what a difference ! Apple is the bomb ! 
Just took < PROPMALE>'s Suzuki GSX 600R for a spin . What a ride !!! Man , I got to get me one of these ! 
Hey all you Culinary Tech'ies out there . Have you herd what the protein is going to be at state this year ? Yip was supposed to find out yesterday , but I have not herd yet . 
Made some awesome BBQ'ed pork spare ribs today with two kinds of sauce : Spicy Cherry-Chipotle ( hot ) and Sweet Blackberry . Mmmmmm ! 
What happened to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ? He has disappeared from FB . I saw something he posted about Judas Priest just yesterday or so and I went back to comment on it , but nothing . 
Thinks that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > just went rouge one too many times for NPR to take . Nothing at all wrong with what he said , just that NPR has a policy that restricts employees from being too vocal with their opinions . Unlike Fox , NPR is dedicated to portraying an image that is as unbiased and professional as possible , important for their objective journalistic credibility . 
Is it any surprise the Fed waits until after the election to try quantitative easing . Lets just let the country flounder until he can get the Republicans back in power , how about it . Shameful . 
