is suddenly very concerned that , due to a lack of sleep and general motivation , at least one of his essay responses on tomorrow's history exam will resemble this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj3iNxZ8Dww 

is debating whether or not ' Shark Attack 3- Megaladon ' would be the best way to spend his evening , considering he missed Shark Attacks 1 and 2 ... 
Wouldn't you rather have a competent senator/governor/president who happened to have an extra-marital affair rather than a hopelessly incompetent one who never looked at another woman ( or man) ? We can look for moral guidance in may places -- family , religi 
has a headache and is hoping that three or four teaspoons of sugar in his three or four teaspoons of instant coffee will make everything better . 
is hungry and pining for Waffle House but doesn't actually want to go outside . Solution ? Waffle House delivery . Then it's just a matter of finding a stranger to blow smoke in his face , and maybe a snaggle-toothed older woman to leer at him . 
holds these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights , that among these are Life , < PROPFEMALE > and the pursuit of Happiness . Happy improbable 233rd birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
finished twenty over par in mini-golf in the course of losing to a Kenyan who had never seen a golf club before in his life . 
things < PROPFIRST > does not understand : earrings worn by men , baseball caps worn backwards , interest rates , the female mind . 
is contemplating the ineluctable modality of the physical . 
is in need of book suggestions . 
is wishing you a happy Bastille Day ! 
fell off the treadmill and roughed up his left shoulder , both knees , and his left arm . This seems to qualify as a fitness fail :( 
is in dire need of a hair cut and apologizes for appearing in public in such a condition . That is all . 
craves cheeseburger . Now . 
thinks that Schumann should not be obscured by coffee grinders and espresso slurpers .... truly . 
Faith is a fine invention For gentlemen who see ; But microscopes are prudent In an emergency ! 
Much madness is divinest sense To a discerning eye ; Much sense the starkest madness . ' Tis the majority , in this , as all , that prevails . Assent , and you are sane ; Demur , -- you're straightaway dangerous , And handled with a chain . 
fears he is about to fall prey to the headache that ate Rhode Island .... 
is weighing the merits of a < PROPFIRST > Donne versus < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > approach to life , but at least he is certain of one thing : that Lady Ga Ga does NOT provide sound advice . 
had cookies for dinner . Chocolate chip cranberry oatmeal , to be exact . 
is amazed by the resilience of his grandmother and wishing her a happy ninety-second birthday .... even though she's not on Facebook and calls the internet the \interstate\ " and thinks it's something that you drive on ! " 
aaja mahi ve ! 
just got his first homework assignment , and class doesn't start for another week . Hmph . 
likes wine . Truly . 
cannot play the cello . This could be a problem since he is enrolled in some class called \orchestra \"." 
is glad to finally have a car , but has realized -- three hours and much embarrassment later -- that he actually doesn't know how to get anywhere outside of the immediate confines of campus ..... hmph . 
is setting the tone for the coming year by reading a scholarly article on a Friday night while he lives half a block from Dickson Street . Such is the life of the mind .... 
has succumbed to a sudden and irrational < PROPFEMALE > for pretzels- ideally , big , soft , chewy ones , and lightly salted . Time to go back to Germany , obviously .... 
is eating salmon and listening to the < PROPFEMALE > Gees . 
latinum amat , sed melior eum legendum esse vult ! 
mentally corrects other people's spelling mistakes , but then feels guilty for being an \elitist . \"" 
is currently accomplishing a whole lot of nuthin ' . 
is the kind of person who can only get to work when that sense of urgency sets in . Unfortunately , that seems to be no more than 36 hours in advance of a deadline . That's no way to go through life . Or school . 
ignoring your Facebook updates and then finding five pending friend requests = CHRISTMAS MORNING .... for certain self-absorbed people . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . ( Borrowed from everyone . ) 
has had nothing to eat today but pizza . Pizza in the morning , pizza at night . 
could really use a beer right about now . 
watching ALL of < PROPFIRST > Kagan's lectures on Ancient Greek history on YouTube for free vs . paying $ 36,500 in Yale tuition to go sit in a classroom in New Haven with him and hear the same thing ? Hmmmmm ..... what a decision . 
is perfecting the subtle < PROPMALE > of kvetching . Oy vey ! 
just found out he has a minor in Medieval and Renaissance studies . Neat ! 
thinks that Ovid + the Brahms Clarinet quintet is as good a way- or better- to spend his evening than the beer and greasy bar food to be had two blocks from his apartment . Nothing against beer or cheeseburgers , but they don't nourish the soul . Come to think of it , they don't even really nourish the body , do they ? Why aren't the the people out on Dickson Street at my apartment instead , reading Latin ? 
library closes at 6pm on Saturday ? WEAK !!!!! 
is attempting to cure his insomnia with some Latin Prose Composition . 
the up side of having class with a grad students ? Getting to be around a lot of smart people . The down side ? Having to be around a lot of smart people .... who are determined to prove how smart they are . Geeez . 
is the kind of man who pours < PROPFEMALE > on his < PROPFEMALE > Nut Cheerios ! 
is a little freaked out by the fact that the chord he just heard in the first contrapunctus of bach's < PROPMALE > of the fugue was nearly identical to the whistle on the train that was passing below his window ..... crazy ! 
there's something about reading the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle in the original language that makes you just want to go out and pillage a monastery , or maybe fight some Vikings .... weird . 
is about to take a ride on the fail train known as University Printing services , he's just waiting for that person who prints off 700-page PDF files to get on with him .... 
wonders why he always succumbs to sudden attacks of drowsiness when it's time to read long books in short periods of time . The rain softly pattering against the window doesn't help things much , either . 
is Waffle House-bound . This portends good things . That , and maybe some second-hand- smoke-in-the-face . But mostly good things .... 
wondering why so many academics in the humanities feel compelled to write like they are a proverbial Yaweh speaking from a burning bush , obscured by the smoke and brilliance of poorly chosen modifiers and prepositions that don't seem to match up with their objects . Is it a lingering sense of insecurity ? A need to be perceieved as brilliant ? Scholarship is all about sharing knowledge , isn't it ? 
is applying for Teach For < PROPFEMALE > , just on a whim . The worst they can do is reject me , I guess . That , along with the implication that I would be a pernicious influence upon the nation's youth . 
is wondering how it went from being 12:30 to nearly 4:00 in the blink of an eye . What is it about lunch and wandering aimlessly around town with a friend that makes time go by so quickly ? Harumph . 
is mind melding with < PROPFIRST > Sibelius . 
is hoping that whoever told him that \these are the best years of your life\ " was wrong .... " 
is always entertained to see how many times a person can use the word \dude\ " in one sentence . " 
is surely about to be hoist on his own petard .... 
really should not be contemplating the ontological continuum on an empty stomach . 
kind of wants to start studying Greek again .... 
clarification- I kind of want to study Greek from the beginning again , and hopefully do a better job with it the second time around . Also , looking for suggestions on elementary Greek books- ' Athenaze ' vs . the ' Reading Greek ' JACT books vs . ' From < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE>' . 
is working on his Peace Corps application and apparently needs to find out if any of his family members have been employed by the CIA or other government intelligence agencies . The only suspect is probably that uncle who was posted on a nuclear submarine 30 years ago .... a rather sinister figure . 
Namque ego , crede mihi , si te quoque pontus haberet , te sequerer , coniunx , et me quoque pontus haberet .... 
150 lines of Latin review in one sitting ? And doing it again tomorrow too ? File under ' s ' for \seemed like a good idea at the time . \"" 
is pretty sure the President just won a < PROPMALE > humanitarian award for simply not being < PROPFIRST > W . Bush . That's a pretty shaky criterion for awarding Nobel Prizes , isn't it ? Damn , I should have had somebody submit my name to Oslo too ! 
may very well own the most comfortable pair of pants in the history of textile manufacturing . This is gonna be a good day . 
is the kind of person who uses the word \ribald\ " in everyday conversation . " 
annoyed and upset that the library does not , in fact , serve beer . What kind of hell hole is this ? 
just had a conversation with someone he didn't know , but apparently knew him .... 
veggie lasagna- in progress .... 
veggie lasagna = semi-fail .... still gonna eat it , though . 
, the peripatetic Latinist . 
aversor morum crimina — corpus amo . sic ego nec sine te nec tecum vivere possum , et videor voti nescius esse mei . aut formosa fores minus , aut minus inproba , vellem . 
apparently only has good ideas after 3AM . Still not sure if this is actually a good thing or not . 
Teach for < PROPFEMALE > application = DONE . Now the waiting begins .... 
you can buy groceries on Amazon.com? Why would you ever need to leave your house again ? 
has a Teach for < PROPFEMALE > phone interview on Saturday morning at 9:30 ! 
has a headache and not much money . Question of the hour- to coffee or not to coffee .... 
Phone interview done , still more waiting .... 
fact : I get despondent when I don't eat . Is there some correspondence between blood sugar and dopamine levels ? Or whatever keeps one from feeling like jumping off a bridge ? 
is faced with the horrible prospect that he might actually be interested in .... everything . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8eC4AiGjSHM 
is reading WikiTravel articles and longing to get out of the country again .... 
is the kind of person who cannot concentrate past 11:30 at night without the aid of an omelette and some form of potatoes . This could be a problem . 
six hours to write four pages ? Is < PROPFIRST > a ) stupid , b ) obsessive , c ) tired , d ) taking a grad class , e ) all of the above . 
TEACH FOR < PROPFEMALE > WHERE IS MY E-MAIL < REFRESH > < REFRESH > < REFRESH > INBOX ..... 
got the e-mail : Teach for < PROPFEMALE > final interview , Wednesday Dec . 2nd at the University of Oklahoma ! 
is inviting you to attend a Scandanavian-themed University of Arkansas Symphony concert tonight ( Tuesday ) at 7:30 at the < PROPMALE > Arts Center- Grieg , Holberg Suite and Sibelius- Karelia Suite . All this , plus a < PROPMALE > to win ten pounds of reindeer venison in our raffle . What a night ! 
waking-up-with-the-alarm fail . Ohhhhh boy .... 
is about go to grocercy shopping whilst hungry .... 
peanut butter and banana samich + Leinenkugels Sunset Wheat = good evening . 
No , seriously . All I want to do right now is read a lot of poetry . Enough with school , what about my education ? This history < PROPMALE > thing is not giving me what I need right now .... 
just e-mailed a paper to a professor without so much as even proofreading it for spelling errors . Three weeks left in the semester , but it looks like I'm already done with it . Game . Over . 
would really appreciate it if Microsoft Works would not SHUT DOWN when I paste some text on the < PROPFEMALE > . Maybe I'm just old school , but I expect things to work when I need them . 
would like to extend his heart-felt gratitude to < PROPFIRST > Frideric Handel for ruining finals week 2009 . 
thinks Mullins library should be priority use during finals week . People who spend at least eight hours a week in there during the semester should have first dibs on computers , desk space , comfy chairs , etc . over the ones who only go there to study for finals and mid-terms . 
had a good Saturday : farmer's market , pecan pie , and a long-lost friend . 
Defense\ 
Department al-Qaeda analyst , on terrorists and their affinity for pornography : “It isn’t possible that they are \ 
encrypting messages in all of this stuff . Some of these guys are just \ 
perverts . ” 
will be having a traditional Thanksgiving with turkey , pecan pie , and < PROPFEMALE > Palin's new reality show . Damn it feels good to be American . 
is curious --- if I go from using Windows to Unix , have I been defenestrated or emasculated ? 
is reminded , on this week of Thanksgiving , that he is thankful for having a sister who is capable of poking herself in the eye with a wasabi-tipped chopstick while attempting to eat sushi . < PROPFIRST > Runyan , you're my favorite ! 
All my lovers were there with me\ 
All my past and futures\ 
And we all went to heaven in a little row boat\ 
There was nothing to fear , nothing to doubt . 
is , just this once , giving in to childhood nostalgia . 
is glad that Fayetteville is still one of those places where people will return your wallet/bank card/driver's license to you when you lose it . 
is now accepting donations from any and all sugar mommas/daddies to finance a Radiohead cover orchestra based in Vienna . Cash/Check only , bitte . Vielen Dank ! 
misses orchestra , and Latin , and reading and talking with other serious-minded people . The post-grad life is not all it's cracked up to be :( 
vs . the petulant photocopier . At work , after hours . Everyone else gone . Post-college ennui sets in .... now . 
One through nine , no maybes , no supposes , no fractions . You can't travel in space , you can't go out into space , you know , without , like , you know , uh , with fractions - what are you going to land on - one-quarter , three-eighths ? What are you going to do when you go from here to < PROPFEMALE > or something ? That's dialectic physics . 
is having a Coen Brothers evening and reminding you that you're such a supa lady ! 
is listening , alternately , to Hendrix and NPR . +55 subversion points for me ! 
is the kind of guy who reads Playboy for the articles and watches Fox News for the ladies . 
treats objects like women .... man . 
Stars , I have seen them fall , \ 
But when they drop and die\ 
No < PROPFEMALE > is lost at all\ 
From all the < PROPFEMALE > -sown sky . \ 
The toil of all that be\ 
Helps not the primal fault ;\ 
It rains into the sea , \ 
And still the sea is salt . ( A.E. Housman ) 
is stamping out riceism , one burrito at a time .... 
is keeping the wolf from the door , but he's still calling me on the phone ! 
is exposing his ESL students to the twin glories of the Coen Brothers and Depression-era bluegrass banjo music . Maybe teaching isn't so bad after all .... 
is old when it is fashionable to be young , and cries when it is fashionable to laugh . 
could see himself becoming a < PROPFIRST > Bieber fan , after listening to this --- http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FjGh3FVC9GQ 
has delicious tamales , and great Mexican students ! 
is looking forward to Persian food tonight . ESL teaching is starting to have its perks .... 
needs a running < PROPMALE > for the trails around town . Starting with two < PROPMALE > , gradually increasing distance . You don't have to be really fast . If interested , please message me . 
is now attempting to speak Pesian via Google Translator . Hope I don't inadvertently insult someone's religion or start a war .... 
Between the idea \ 
And the reality\ 
Between the motion \ 
And the act \ 
Falls the shadow 
wonders what the death of bin Laden portends for US defense expenditures . Does this mean we can think about maybe reducing our military presence somewhere ? Anywhere ? How long before we start looking for bogeymen under our bed again ? 
should never have gone running without eating anything first . FITNESS FAIIIIIILL :( 
should have been a pair of ragged claws \ 
scuttling across the floors of silent seas . 
is dismayed by the fact that it will cost a BILLION dollars for the president to run for re-election . Whatever happened to government of the people , by the people , and for the people ? 
wonders if he's the only one who has been suffering from insatiable cravings for fast food ever since he started exercising . 1 ) Come home from the gym , 2 ) watch fast food commercials on YouTube , 3 ) eat some damn carrots , 4 ) weep into my pillow , 4 ) rinse and repeat . 
figures it's about time for us to just go ahead and give up on \you're\ " . Because your smart just the way u r . Srsly . " 
thinks the University of Arkansas needs a cello ensemble-in residence . Who's gonna make this happen ? 
strongly feels that all times are acceptable Pink < PROPMALE > times . 
\If you don't eat < PROPFEMALE > meat 
Khloe Kardashian , who are you and why are you on my Yahoo \news\ " feed ? " 
is offering this friendly reminder from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Plant , et < PROPMALE > . --- in the event of a sudden bustle in your hedgerow , DO NOT BE ALARMED . Remember , it's just a spring clean for the May < PROPFEMALE > . I REPEAT . DO NOT BE ALARMED . 
your life is your life . \ 
know it while you have it . \ 
you are marvelous\ 
the gods wait to delight\ 
in you . \ 
\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Bukowski , \The Laughing Heart \"." 
sic ego nec sine te nec tecum vivere possum . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and pain-killers , the perfect way to pass a post-op afternoon . 
And still the sea is salt . 
