is sad because the weapons section of training is over . no more M9 pistol , M16 , M240 machine gun or M500 shotty . so sad :( 

is chowing down on < PROPFIRST>'s home-made cookies !!!!! 1 
is gonna post his OC pictures as soon as he gets them from Chief 
is looking forward to the tactical training this week , but not the flackjackets we have to march to and from class in 
is ready to be done with this 4th of july weekend . too much down time 
just took the final written exam and passed ! no more possibility of getting testually disenrolled ! all we got now is tac manuevers to finish up block 6 but my team is so badass we're gonna rock it out easy 
is gonna check in at NOSC chicago on monday and is glad as hell to be back home ! 
is home and loving it 
is gonna be tearing it up at < PROPMALE>'s tmorrow night , just because i can . anyone who wants to , feel free to join in 
is gonna be tearing it up at < PROPMALE>'s tonight , just because i can . anyone who wants to , feel free to join in 
is wondering if anyone needs a security guard ? 
is royally pissed off at airsplat.com . i ordered a $160 airsoft gun and they send me a $9 gun . 
just got back from operation thunder < PROPFEMALE > . they got a pretty badass layout at realms of ruin 
is gonna be at < PROPMALE>'s tonight around 6-ish rocking out 
is listening to seether and getting ready to see his lady 
is back from his first duty weekend 
is prepping for scottish fest this weekend 
can't wait for the Battle of Belfast airsoft game 
had an awesome time at the haunted house 
recieved orders saying he will be drilling with the Navy Security Forces reserve unit from now on . I finally get my camis 
This Thursday , Friday and Saturday are your last chances to come to Nightmares Basement of the the Dead . 42 W New York St , < PROPFEMALE > , Il underneath Ballydoyles . tickets on sale at 7pm 
thanks all those who thanked their military 
is getting ready to shoot people . . . at realms of ruin airsoft field ! 
is back , tired , and in a way glad that the season is done . had a blast though 
< PROPFIRST > Schlapp November 17 , 1923 - November 24 , 2009 . Loving Grandfather survived by 3 children , 10 grandchildren and 9 great-grandchildren 
happy turkey day , ya'll 
wants to go airsofting 
hit me up on aim and amuse me : vampireoffspring 
we have sticking snow ! time to break out summer again 
amuse me on aim : vampireoffspring and make sure you tell me who you are 
is thankful for all the frieds whohave proven to be true friends 
is thankful for all the friends who have proven to be true friends 
is polishing shoes 
so you would think if a guy in uniform wearing a badge who is with another guy , who is obviously in his 50's , also in uniform , wanted to buy a can of spray paint there wouldn't be a problem , right ? Wrong ! apparently i can die for my country , but i can't buy a can of spray paint without being carded . 
is watching the time bandits 
amuse me on aim : vampireoffspring 
is not going to RF 
i want to kill whover made up netsky 
if anyone knows of anything that will aid in the removal of the win32 . netsky virus i will love you forever 
its always nice to know that even in the great shape i'm in , toothpick-sized emofucks still win out 
me and my RAM team just missed making a possible drug bust 
I call upon the masses to AMUSE ME ! 
the Stig revealed himself ! he's < PROPFIRST > schumaker ! 
Heaven is where the police are British , the chefs Italian , the mechanics < PROPMALE > , the lovers French and it is all organized by the Swiss . Hell is where the pollice are < PROPMALE > , the chefs British , the mechanics French , the lovers Swiss , and it is all organized by the Italians . 
is watching End of Days and mixed in with the religious commercials are \posti-vac\ " commercials " 
RF dance was tits . being surrounded by pretty women all night is an amazing thing 
MASSES !! I CALL UPON THEE TO AMUSE ME ! 
< PROPFEMALE > est nusquam vacuus poena ut preeo risus 
i cutting from one cig a day to none . time to prep for < PROPMALE > suckage 
is way too tired tonight 
Never before have two women gotten me as exhausted as i was today . . . . and all we did was go to the gym 
will not be here from tonight til the end of this weekend 
\vampire penguins ? Zombie guinea pigs ? We're done for . . . . done for . \ " Sleep Talkin ' Man " 
if it was possible to kill a modem , this one would die by the Death of a ( Hundred ) Thousand ( very very small ) Cuts 
All the ways you wish you could be , that's me . I look like you wanna look , I fuck like you wanna fuck , I am smart , capable , and most importantly , I am free in all the ways that you are not . 
needs a shoulder massage bad 
Rep yourself , rep your fam/Rep your health and rep your clan/If the test of a man/Is to throw up your hands/Then we gonna do that part of it/'Cause it's united we stand 
lesson learned : be careful what you ask for 
Rep yourself , rep your fam/ Rep your health and rep your clan/ If the test of a man/ Is to throw up your hands/ Then we gonna do that part of it/ ' Cause it's united we stand 
finally got his digi's 
had a great night with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
is ready to destroy his CAC reader 
Bored of the Rings is an awesome book ! 
gearing up for the game saturday . Hunting < PROPMALE > 3 . going as columbian policia , jumpsuits and riot gear included 
my father is a series of expletitives . screw him 
looking through more demotivational posters 
is sore from breaking in his new issued boots all over Realms of Ruin field . now i sleep and recover from my soreness 
what happens to all of us \War Fighters\ " when the war is over ? " 
is watching the 1978 \Inglorious Bastards \"" 
is listening to beethoven's 9th . because i like it . who knew , right ? 
all i need to do now is have my m16a1 arrive and my vietnam impression is complete 
lets all keep the nation of Poland in our thoughts , they lost basically their entire command structure in a plane crash this morning . Their President , his wife , the Cabinet and the heads of the armed forces were lost in the crash 
i was just named on the WONC ! WOOT Lord Schlappenstein ! lmao 
my M14 should be here roughly within a week ! My ' < PROPFEMALE > loadout is complete ! 
job interview at 3 , cross your fingers 
Straight Line Stich is my new favorite band . 
back from Battle of Barrington . Thanks to breech for putting me in command and wicked props to my team for discipline and radio protocol 
is sore but had a blast at the game today 
is amusing himself with the gun creater flash at doctornoob.com 
off to drill . may be stopping by naper settlement to see the carondelet crew after i get back on saturday 
so even though i drill with NSF Great Lakes , I was told this weekend that i'm attached to the Bremerton , Washington crew . I would have been happier with Cali than Washington . 
got back from Red Blood , Black Gold airsoft bame at Realms of Ruin . definitely felt like i stepped into a sauna in the woods this morning 
is sad to hear < PROPFIRST > grey passed , but is happy to know that he and dimebag are shredding in valhalla 
starting at midnight tonight , grab a Guinness and raise one with me ! 
i just found a can of dip that expires 05 sept 2009 in one of my civil war uniform pockets 
I AM 21 . thank you all for your \happy birthdays's\ " NOW DOWN THAT GUINNESS FOR ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
chilling with my second legal beer . enjoyed < PROPFEMALE > tradition by having my \first beer after coming of age\ " with my family ( slight modification of the tradition beer with the father but who cares ) . " 
head = pain 
is putting down his order-writing and going to have a cigarette , grab a pepsi and watch a movie until he feels enough motivation to deal with a < PROPMALE > headache again 
judging from the masses of fireworks and shouting going on outside , i take it that the hawks won 
this whole orders thing is turning into a < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Foxtrot 
I fail to see the big deal about the US goal in the Cup match . England had a clean goal ! \ 
ENGLAND ! * CLAP CLAP CLAP * ENGLAND ! * CLAP CLAP CLAP * ENGLAND ! 
off to work 
is currently finalizing an almost 2 hour long CD of vietnam music for Best of the Worst 3 
time to get my duty belt 
is dwelling too much on that which he cannot have anymore ..... [ insert 3 seconds of emo music ] 
getting vietnam < PROPFEMALE > together for this weekend 
off to work and then RoR 
time to fix the brakes 
fixed the brakes on the exploder and now moving on to the corolla's ignition 
is going to re-certify for OC tomorrow .......... why , dear navy , is it sooooooo important we be reminded of what it feels like , and the fact that we can fight through it ..... please navy , tell me why 
BotW 3 LRRP pics posted . thanks to Shrubber and Aiden for the pics 
i have a cold . FML 
just got certified for level 2 OC contamination . here's to never having to actually have to do lvl 1 or 2 again ! 
carved a bit on my < PROPMALE > pipe out of boredom . posted pic because i'm kinda proud of what my boredome produced 
going to quigleys in naperville 
chipped one of his teeth at the game today 
just learned how to do the revolver and the twilight zone on my zippo 
playing my gameboy emulator . i hate that i have to resort to this because nobody carries gameboy color games anymore 
car is officially insured , the pimpmobile will make its appearance at GL tomorrow 
the ' rolla is in the shop right now getting the speedometer fixed . the windshield is slated for after AT 
posted vid of my current zippo tricks and am now working on more 
its nice to know that my car is such a POS that the guy that broke into it tonight didn't even bother to take anything 
after 5 hours tonight , i learned that in order to get a starter out of a 91 ' rolla , you need to either 1 ) remove the intake manifold or 2 ) remove the rear swing arm support and the steering arm ........ it would be very beneficial to my health if someone tried to break into one of our cars tonight 
hads a good time hanging out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . glad my car got fixed and just generally in a happy mood . 
figured out what was wrong with the speakers . unpinching a wire goes a long way to not pulling out hair that i don't really have 
thank god i have friends with skinny arms . breaking into my car after i locked my keys in is soooooo much easier 
just got given two stereo amps and a CB radio by his old boss . its pretty cool when he decides to clean out his stuff . lol 
got the cab cut down , installing the speaker and insulation and then sealing on the top later when i get some wood glue . gonna wait til i check out how it sounds in the car before i port the cab . 
why is it that looking and acting like a wimp is hot to girls these days ? whatever happened to the guy who can actually man up and take care of a woman instead of sitting in a corner and crying being the attractive one ? 
had a good time chilling with some shipmates last night 
packing my crap and then at 5pm i'm officially gone to the west coast . 
at the airport . looking for any source of amusement til 7:55 
got through the classes and lvl 3 OC , partied friday and saturday night , now back to classes . back home this saturday . 
did weapons quals yesterday . i get to add an \E\ " to my pistol ribbon thanks to a flat score of 240 . still only a marksman on the 16 though . " 
back in town . 
wants to go cruising tonight but noone is up 
Bored as hell and I wanna get ill\ 
\ 
So I go to a place where my homeboyz chill\ 
The fellas out there tryna make that dolla'\ 
I pulled up in my six-fo ' Impala 
blood : the last vampire is actually pretty good movie 
sub status : installed the audio cable before work today . power and remote tomorrow ! 
the sub is in and thumpin ! 
at quigleys 
apparently all the Halo people standing outside the downtown naperville gamestop agree when me and < PROPFIRST > shouted that nintendo is the best system . 
got an app from quigley's for a bouncer . the bartenders like me , hopefully the manager thinks the same 
radiator replacement = fun ! :D .......... not 
successful radiator swap , going to chill with < PROPFIRST > for a bit 
going to quigleys at 6 for the match . Man Utd v Liverpool 
with the help of < PROPFIRST > and a jury-rigged car lightbulb+amp power wire+screwdriver we found out that my airhorn isn't working because of a faulty relay . gotta love mcgyverism 
i continue to find it hilarious that friends who have know me the majority of my life don't want to < PROPFEMALE > out or even say anything to me but people i've known for less than a year call/message me randomly to go < PROPFEMALE > out . lol 
gonna cruise by the House . \ 
Nightmares Basement of the Dead\ 
42 W New York Street , Aurora\ 
42fear.com\ 
( end shameless ad plug ) 
I don't cause trouble , trouble causes me 
MLS - Philadelphia Union v LA Galaxy @ 7pm\ 
gonna be at quigleys because i feel like watching a match and having a beer before all my weekend nights are taken up with scaring people . 
is eating corned beef . 
I just realized that the vast majority of my pictures and other people's pics of me are when i'm in some sort of uniform . i think i need to go get some more civilian clothes 
bored . working on a wire mesh recessed grill for the ' rolla 
when the sickness is upon you call upon the mentholated goodness of Dr. McGilicuddy and his amazing schnapps . after a proper dosing , lay down and nap away the problems . 
starting the P90X today 
had a good time chilling with < PROPFIRST > . he still needs to get it through his head the baby's name is < PROPFIRST > 
i just realized my uniform bag weighs about 40lbs and all it is is uniforms 
i just realized how few pictures of me there are before i joined the navy 
quigleys 
was just given < PROPMALE>'s 1944 dated No4 Mk1 
trying on denims and wools found in the apartment 
cleaned up the enfield , modding weapons coding for Swat 4 right now and i still need to get a foid card 
i hate computer viruses 
i love citibank . \if you send us the whole payment again we'll refund you the original amount we withdrew from your account when we locate [ where we fucked up]\ " \ 
after a night of cleaning sharps with my brothers it is now a day of cleaning my room ......... and realizing i have two pairs of jeans and about 10 different pairs of military pants from reenacting . 
thinking about quigleys tonight 
room is clean , boots are polished , its a good night 
A\ 
Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check\ 
payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to and \ 
including their life . That is beyond honor and there are way too many \ 
people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste \ 
this as your status if you're a Veteran , know a Veteran ,... 
just got the news , i'll be rocking a crow on my collar 
going to applebee's with < PROPMALE > 
WWII < PROPFEMALE > is complete for Gold Rush 2 airsoft game . expect pics of sexy < PROPMALE > soon 
good time at the airsoft game . glad to be out of the ammo boots and wools . now off to a \party\ " for work where i can pretend i'm not tired as hell " 
and now just a few more weeks til we get to stop listening to the damn christmas music 
got a cell finally ( stop cheering and crying with joy please . lol ) msg for the number or come to quigleys tonight 
going to gander mtn to put in my foid app . i know its taken me 3 years to do it . shutup 
had a good time last night watching < PROPFIRST>'s concert and now for < PROPMALE>'s tonight 
mike : are these wings kosher ? \ 
me : aww you're screwed now , guess you need to get cleansed by rabbi manischewitz\ 
...... \ 
that waitress was totally blonde and clueless , lmao 
get off at 4 , be there around 6-7ish 
jamming on one of my guitars . ever since i started using the full size that mikey gave me it feels awkward using my mini 
replacing my rear brakes ... yay 
out of my frustration with my brakes comes a freshly installed 5+ ga wire setup with inline capacitor for my amp 
i discovered why i smoke too much . and i blame my car all the way 
lets see , started at about 10am ..... and all i've accomplished is getting one wheel off . guess who's gonna let other people deal with fixing my brakes 
mowing down criminals with my 12ga minigun while listening to modern bulgarian music ( i don't even know what genre it fits in ) ...... thank you swat 4 and windows media player , my life is now complete 
You and I wake up in a jail cell together ... Using only 4 words , what do you say to\ 
me ? ( note : if you comment you must copy and paste this in your status\ 
so I can comment on yours . Fair is fair . Play along ) 
just found the video of my father slicing my old neighbor's ham . its uploading right now but definitely check it out , you'll never see the phrase \carving the ham\ " the same again " 
bored . text me and amuse me 
now that christmas is over hopefully the damn warbling that corporate thinks is christmas music will magically disappear from our speakers 
my airsoft m4 is here ! 
watching farce of the penguins 
thinking about the pub tonight 
who knew that asking to join a table of girls would lead to this ?..... too hard of a question , i'll stick with the outcome 
what a night 
in the home stretch for whatever bug i have 
