You should let barking dogs bark themselves to sleep . 

Why is facebook so stupid 
When it snows , it pours 
Watching last season's LOST . What else is there to do ? 
Call the Nestlé Crunch hotline ( 1.800.295.0051 ) .. Listen to the message , then when asked if you want to continue in English or Spanish , wait quietly for about 10 seconds .. you'll smile .. Promise ! ( if you comment after listening , DON'T give away the surprise ! ) . Keep going & press 4 , listen to options , then press 7 
sad hearted 
was it just me , or was American Idol lousy tonight ? 
so bored , so tired , can't sleep ! 
my intro to flu season has begun . so much for dodging THAT bullet this year 
If you are a woman that has a wonderful man in your life that works hard and loves you , then repost this ... because great men are few and far between , and I appreciate and love < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Hanging out with < PROPMALE > . How fun ! 
Allow me to make the introductions . Feet , meet ice . Shoulder meet pavement . Rotator cuff , meet surgeon . The pleasure is all theirs . 
good news ! it's just a bad sprain ! a little p.t. will fix me up !!! :) 
free as a bird in the wind .... 
Extremely blessed by the Third Day concert ! They rocked ! 
Only a cat would wake you up in the middle of the night to be let out , then come back in and poop in the litter box .... 
Blame Canada ! Blame Canada ! They're not even a real country anyway ! 
my poor bracket is taking a beating ! I get an \F\ " in bracketology . " 
way to go kansas -- you just lost me $40 ! 
Why do Mondays have to come so darn fast ??? 
What's a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and why can't it sing on key ? 
Just a bad , sucky day all the way around . Tomorrow will be better ! 
Shocked ... but it's a secret , so don't ask me why ! :o ) 
Had a blast with all three kids at the park today , then at Ciro's . < PROPFIRST > , Cadence , and < PROPMALE > are the best kids ever ! 
can't stand a tramp . 
Had a great evening with my big baby and little baby ! 
is a sick little puppy . 
wishes someone would disappear . 
I just want to feel better soon ! ( and for someone to disappear ) 
He brought me to it . I have faith He will bring me through it . 
prayers , please .... 
is sad today :-( 
wishes she could crawl in a hole . 
is in disbelief about how two-faced some people can be . 
Insomnia ... how I loate thee ! 
thoroughly enjoyed the rainy day ! It's about time ! 
Going to look at a new place tomorrow ! Keeping my fingers crossed that it's as perfect as it sounds :) 
Why does American Idol suck so bad this year ? 
is taking out the trash ... 
While you SCREAM at your woman there's a man wishing he could talk softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND & INSULT her there's a man flirting with her & reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing smiles from her ... AND VICEVERSA ! Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
It turns out that the voices in my head telling me to do stupid things are not in my head after all . It's a real person , and he's telling me to do stupid things ! Is there a medication for that ? 
Life is 10% what happens to you ... And 90% how you react to it .... 
never sleeps . 
is hardy county-bound . yeeeee-haw ! 
is a little sunburned . 
had a good day . 
wants everyone at Barren Ridge to know that Bible School this year will be the 2nd week of July -- the 11th thru the 15th . It will be an outer space theme and lots of fun ! So everybody plan to come ! 
does not like spring . Aaaaaaaaaaaa-choooooooo ! 
is very dissatisfied with the ending of LOST :( 
wonders why myspace is still trying ? Does anyone even use that anymore ? 
is ready for a 3-day weekend ! 
is sad .... 
hates when everyone goes to bed and she's still awake :( 
wants to sleep . needs to sleep . cannot sleep . 
is so happy that the week is almost over . Don't know how much more I could take . 
just loves judgmental ppl . 
can't believe my big boy < PROPMALE > will be 3 on Monday !!! Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
is tired of summer and its pollen . 
doesn't understand where the \long\ " weekend went . " 
seriously ? again with the not sleeping ? 
loves Glee 
thinks it is a beautiful tribute that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > named her baby after < PROPMALE > ( even if he is kinda a man-whore ) 
Seriously ? Joran Vandersloot has been linked to another girl's murder/disappearance ? How did I miss this ? 
Don't you just hate when somebody gets mad at you because you're upset with them over something that is upset-worthy ? That is so frustrating . Then you're the one who ends up apologizing because they're madder . 
I'm only happy when it rains ... and not always then ... but there's at least a better < PROPMALE > of it if it's raining :o ) 
\I'm not brave enough to be a coward . I see the consequences too clearly . \ " Ayn Rand " 
coughing my head off 
is it really only 4 minutes til Monday ? :( 
is like a 3 year old who is potty training . I have to stop the fluids 3 hours before bed time . Sigh .... 
does not want to go to work and get yelled at again all day tomorrow :( 
I hate this day already ... 
is so glad that this week is almost over ! 
friday ? friday , where are you ? 
\Great spirits have always found violent opposition from mediocrities . The latter cannot understand it when a man does not thoughtlessly submit to hereditary prejudices but honestly and courageously uses his intelligence . \ " < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
Cosmic City Vacation Bible School at Barren Ridge Church of the Brethren July 11th through 15th from 6:15 til 8 PM . All children from age 3 years to Grade 5 are welcome to attend . Let me know if you need directions ! Hope to see all the kiddos there ! 
Thanks for all the help tonight w/VBS all my Barren Ridge helpers !!! 
is not pleased about how ppl think they are better than others . Ah , well , what can you do ? 
is very unhappy that all of her facebook friends appear to have gone to bed at the same time :( 
“Formerly , when religion was strong and science weak , men mistook magic for medicine ; now , when science is strong and religion weak , men mistake medicine for magic . ” < PROPFIRST > Szasz 
Seriously , after 14 hours spent on VBS today , sleep still doesn't come ? Why does the Sandman hate me ???? 
has a tummyache . I think I got to hot running around in the un-air conditioned basement of church all day . There's no story behind that ; that's literally what I was doing all day . 
hurts . badly . 
Can't believe it's almost Monday again . Boo . 
Meow Meow is not Dr. Will , that's for sure ! 
Kidney infection please go away . i do not have time for you . 
Yay ! My favorite future mama is coming to see me this weekend . Jealous ??? 
Haikus are easy\ 
But sometimes they don't make sense\ 
Refrigerator 
I'm not bossy . I just know what you should be doing . 
Make sure that while you're pointing out my imperfections that you leave me time to discuss yours ( stolen from < PROPFIRST > Poindexter ) 
can't sleep . Very happy < PROPFEMALE > didn't use the veto ! 
For those of you who pray , send up a couple tonight and tomorrow . Cadence is being sent to the eye doctor tomorrow because her ped . is concerned she may need glasses . Also , my close friend < PROPFIRST > is having some pregnancy complications with a lot of pain . Please pray that both situations are resolved . Thanks , guys ! 
Feeling nostalgic 
loves her new bed ! 
feels like a rabbit . 
off to the farmers market and < PROPFIRST>'s . anybody wants to join me , text or call ! everybody have a great day ! 
There's nothin ' wrong with a hard hat and a hammer ..... God bless the workin ' man ! 
Was very blessed and touched by < PROPFIRST > Wingfield's singing today . Amen and amen ! 
My man is such a hero ! He saved the < PROPFEMALE > AND two frogs ! And got a round of applause from all the little girls :o ) He's my hero ! 
does not like salmon . 
is terrible with birthdays . Can I just give everyone a big ole ' happy birthday right now and be 4given for 4getting the rest of the year ? 
First day of preschool for Cadence . She called her daddy last night to inform him she changed her mind and would rather go to the babysitters . :p 
doesn't like sesame anything either . 
Oh , look , I'm on FACEBOOK ! 
is exhausted , physically and mentally . 
Don't make someone a priority when to them , ur just an option . \ 
< PROPMALE > pessoa 
is fed up with this 5 day migraine . Something new please ? 
Cadence : Daddy , is Mam with you ? \ 
Jim : No , baby , she's at home . \ 
Cadence : Maybe if you call her , she will come over . \ 
\ 
Kids can fix ANYTHING ! 
feels like a tool . 
Soooooooooooo tired ! And it's only Monday ! 
Still tired , but at least tomorrow is Wednesday . 
is quickly losing her mind . I'm going to bed . 
Unbelievable week ( and not in a good way ) . Here's hoping to make the best of a long weekend ! 
had a really good day , but is regretting the coffee she drank this afternoon . 
is hoping this week flies by ! 
Someone told me don't be afraid to love because not everyone will hurt you . I thought to myself ... are you going to be the one who shows me ? 
All I can say good about tonight is that tomorrow is Thursday , and that means the next day must be FRIDAY ! 
can't catch a break .... 
New Vampire Diaries ! 
To all those whose birthdays I've missed the last couple of weeks , Happy Belated Birthday . It's not just you , I forget my own most years !!! 
doesn't understand 
It's finally Friday ! 
has an irrational fear of car washes . My first visit to Peterson's was not a good time . 
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else ; you are the one who gets burned . 
Welcome back McDreamy ! 
feels like dirt . Fall is here . 
just wants to feel better . 
wishes she could get a card EVERY day from Robina ! lol I'm not greedy . 
loathes football season and everything about it . 
\For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness . \ " \ 
\If you can't explain it to a six year old 
is so irritated . 
is not ready to incur the wrath tomorrow . 
has taken too much for too long . 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid . They made me do chores , go to church & school . They gave me a curfew , made me get a job and work for the things that I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school .. I grew up with morals , a good work ethic & respect for the law , and my elders . I thank God everyday for ... my MEAN parents . Copy and paste if you agree 
wishes someone understood . Just once . 
thinks that crazy , stupid , and bad driving must all be contagious -- hope I don't catch them ! 
Don't know if this is true or not , buy why risk it ??? \ 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!! DO NOT join the group currently on FB with the title \Becoming a father or mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " . It is a group of pedofiles trying to access your photos ... It was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and post !! Let's keep our children safe !! Please !!!! take a minute and copy and post !!!! " 
is very thankful for 4 days off ! 
Please pray for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Hale today . < PROPFIRST > goes in this morning for what could be a difficult delivery . Please keep < PROPFIRST > and baby in prayer this morning . Thanks ! 
Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Hale on the addition of Baby No-Name Hale , born shortly after 1 P.M. today . Mother and Baby are perfectly perfect !!!! Thanks for the prayers :) 
is learning to trust and rely on God instead of myself . No way can I do this on my own ! 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T repost this . I am strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , repost ! I dare you ... I'll be looking for the ladies who repost !!! 
Esperar duele . Olvidar duele . Pero no saber si debemos esperar u olvidar es el peor de los sufrimientos . 
doesn't normally rave about restaurants ( mostly because there's nothing around here to rave about ) , but I have to share that if you're ever in Waynesboro and need to eat , try Chickpeas downtown . < PROPMALE > and I went there the other night , and the food and service were fantastic . 
is a lucky lady . 
Today's Spirit Verse : Prov . 20:3 “Avoiding a fight is a < PROPFIRST > of honor ; only fools insist on quarreling . ”\ 
Now if I can just say this to myself every 45 seconds or so , life will be perfect ! 
For my State Farm people -- is anyone going to the training next week in Roanoke ? 
has had a very good hair day . Not such a good face day . 
