Need to buy a Jeep . Bank preapproved me 15000 . Hope to have something by the end of the week . 

Have to work tonight at 10:30 - kinda sucks . Hope to get a Jeep today though . 
Trying to adapt to this 3rd shift BS starting in the middle of the week . I usually like to come home from work and have a cocktaile and relax . Not at 7:00 in the morning ! Still need to find a Jeep . Have a $ 15,000 check in my pocket . It's a bit pricey in 
Done with work till Sun . night ! Time to hit the beach !! 
I got my Jeep this morning !!! 
Working third shift really sucks ! Most people work during the day , so the only time I get to spend with friends anymore is the weekend . Maybe it'd be different if I was a vampire ? 
Tried to find as many people as I could . If anyone knows of someone that I missed , let me know , please . Have to go to bed now . I work in 8 hours . 
Maybe I'll go take a swim and nap on the beach instead ! 
Went to work for about an hour tonight before I got sent home . There was nothing to do . Now I need to try and stay awake to keep with my schedule , but everyone is normal and sleeping . Going to the beach in the morning I think ! 
Birds are starting to chirp - means suns going to come out - means I need to sleep so I can go to the beach to surf this morning . 
My barracks room sucks now . The air never shuts off ! I'm in jeans with a sweatshirt now and I'm still freezing . The thermostat says 80 , but it feels more like 50 ! I can't change the thermostat either . 
I'm hungry , but doesn't it make you fat to eat right before bed ? 
Would like mixed CDs have had sattelite radio in my car for years , but it doesn't work here yet , if ever . Have a 5 disk changer in my jeep though . My Internet connect is too slow and unreliable to download music too . 
My address is ... 1025 < PROPMALE > Ave Unit 42 < PROPFEMALE > Harbor , HI 96860 
ticked off right now ! talked to XM sattelite people and they told me they only have service in the US . Isn't Hawaii in the US ? I'll get over it , but I love my satellite radio ! 
Still miss my friends ! At home and here . 3rd shift ... 
is very tired , been up for a long time have more Jeep and HI pics ! Stil all from base . 
Still really bored , really miss my friends here , and hate 3rd shift ! But , I couldnt ask for a better job ! Even though its boring most of the time too . 
Have to get to bed really soon . Have to work at 11:30 pm . It's 6:15 pm now . havent slept since 10:00 pm last night ! I'm getting too old for this crap ! 
Kind of funny how it can be 79 degrees here and I'm cold ! Wearing jeans and T-shirt . Sun's starting to pop out , maybe it'll warm up a bit . The beach water would probably even feel warmer ! 
Had awesome weekend at my buds appt .! I'm suffering today though ! Don't have to work till 11:30 pm though ! 
Tonight is NOT going to be fun at work ! 
Another rough , but fun weekend here in HI ! Getting ready for the storm now and have to work tonight . 
This place floods really bad , but now it sucks that I have a Jeep and I can actually make it to work ! 
Tropical storm on the way . This could be a fun night at work ! 
is still waiting for this big storm that were supposed to be getting . We're supposed to get hardest of all the islands , and base is on the far east of Oahu . 
It's finally starting ! nothing < PROPMALE > yet though . only tropical depression . we'll have flooding then . no worries , except I still have to go to work and don't have an excuse cuz I drive an ORV ! 
Have an 8hr duty driver watch tonight - balls to 0800 . Hope I don't have to pick anybody up cuz I still don't know how to get around here very well . Should have just told them I don't have a license ! 
8 hour watch ( TV/read ) starts in 9 hours ! Need to finish folding laundry and make sleepy time ! 
Done with watch !! Bayfest this weekend , Filter - tonight , Black Eyed Peas - tomorrow night !! 
Black Eyed Peas were awesome last night !! 
8:30 am here going to the beach ! Surfs Up !! 
All I have to say today is Aloha Hawaii !! 
Love my job ! 
Aloha Wisconsin !! 
Every day . 
is hurting really bad from almost 4 hours of bodyboarding today . Got beat up bad , got some sunburn , but had a blast with my best < PROPMALE > ! 
can still hardly move today . Feels like my hole body is covered by one big bruise . Hope tomorrow is better . I'm realizing that I'm not as young as I feel , but some things are too much fun to not indulge ! At least I didn't get stung by a Portugese ManOWar like mu < PROPMALE > did ! 
Says goodnight to all in the time zones 5 and 6 hours ahead of mine ! It's not even dinner time for me yet ! 
To live in the world without becoming aware of the meaning of the world is like wandering around in a great library without touching the books . 
People sleep peacefully in their beds at night only because rough men and women stand ready to do violence on their behalf . 
It is a divine right of madness , not to be able to see the evil which lies just in front . 
Toil and risk are the price of < PROPFEMALE > , but it is a lovely thing to live with courage and die leaving an everlasting fame . 
just got a buz lightyear ( haircut ) from my best < PROPMALE > . I feel so much better now . \I'm gonna cut that gray right out of my hair ... \"!" 
Yaaaaaaaay !! Another 1 day weekend !! Yaaaaaaaay !! 
Noli Me Tangere 
What we have done for ourselves alone dies with us ; what we have done for others and the world remains and is immortal . 
If the infinite had not desired man to be wise , he would not have bestowed upon him the faculty of knowing . 
When you change the way you look at things , the things you look at change . 
If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner , you have learned how to live . 
Progress is impossible without change , and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything . 
Only the dead have seen the end of war . Plato 
Reach for the best of yourself , always . And believe that the best is there to be found . 
Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it , for that determines our success or failure . 
is relieved to be home after 4 very difficult days . 
Focus on understanding yourself instead of blaming others . 
Believe in those seeking truth . Doubt those who find it . 
There is nothing wrong in the universe . Wrong exists in our limited view of the universe . 
We keep what we have only with vigilance . 
Don't ruin today by worrying about yesterday's problems . 
Life isn't about finding yourself . Life is about creating yourself . 
F# @k my life !! 
Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do . 
Love anything . Hate anything . The effect you have on the external might be negligible , the effect on you , monumental . 
To the world you may be just one person , but to one person you may be the world . 
I am not what has happened to me . I am what I choose to become . 
You don't lose if you get knocked down ; you lose if you stay down . 
Reputation is who people think you are . Integrity is who you really are . 
An ' eye for an eye ' only ends up making the whole world blind . 
We don't see things as they are . We see things as we are . 
The fact that someone else is right doesn't mean that you're wrong . Perhaps you're both wrong . Perhaps you're both right . Perhaps your both right and wrong . 
You are the caretaker of realization . 
The very cave we are afraid to enter turns out to be the source of what we were looking for . 
We can only perceive the beauty that lives outside ourselves when we feel the beauty that lives inside ourselves . 
True nobility is not about being better than someone else . It's about being better than you used to be . 
MRIs are not made for people on the heavier side !! 
You can only become what you dare to imagine . 
so much for relapse prevention ! got the boot this afternoon ! out by next friday . so , < PROPFEMALE > , i won't be seeing you at < PROPFEMALE > . was looking forward to next fri . had i known i would have given you a big hug ! not that i didn't wan't to anyways . plan to stay on the island though ! 
The horror ... the horror ... 
want's to curl up into a ball and sleep for days . Not gonna happen though . Got the results of my MRI back today . Yes , my back is messed up and I'll be getting disability pay for it . 
Happy Birthday !! 
Is back online !! 
The line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being . And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart ? 
What we see depends mainly on what we look for . 
The weather man says that it's 70 degrees right now . Why is it freezing cold then ? Maybe its the wind and rain . Still sucks . Been like this all week and it's supposed to be like this all through the weekend into next week !! Hope I don't get pneumonia or something . 
They're filming something big at the end of my road . All the actors/actresses personal trailors , security and everything . Went to check it out and they were just finishing up for the night/morning . Might stop by again later during the day to see what's up . Maybe get some famous person's autograph or picture . 
Have these maggot looking things all over the floor in the house ! Maybe 20 or 30 of them scattered individually throughout the kitchen and living room . What the hell are they , where are they coming from , and what do they want ! They don't look like any pics of termite larvae that I've seen . The house is spotless , they're not in the garbage - just in random spots . Nasty !! 
hangin ' out watching movies tonight . Ninja Assassin was awesome ! Watching The Fourth Kind next . And I can't forget about the original Revenge of the Nerds . 
have to change oil in jeep and put stock fenders back on for safety inspec . sometime today . Then might go horseback riding at Kualoa Ranch at 1500 ( weather permitting ) . The big question today is what to do with 3lbs of ground beef for dinner . I'm thinking meatloaf , with garlic mashed potatoes and cheesey broccolli . Any other suggestions ? We're not picky eaters here . 
Off to the jungle on horseback !! 
Didn't get to ride the horsies . Next time we need to make a reservation . Very touristy place . It's where they filmed Jurassic Park , Windtalkers , < PROPFEMALE > Harbor , Godzilla , 50 First Dates , You Me & Dupree , LOST .... Went to North Shore for the rest of the afternoon instead . Awesome surf !! Water was actually cold today . 
Bra colors made FaceBook news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our firefighters & EMT'S . If you support our firefighters & EMT'S then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !! This ... should appear in everyone's status !!!! God bless our Firefighters & EMT'S! 
There are many humorous things in the world ; among them , the white man's notion that he is less savage than the other savages . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
Speak softly , and < PROPFEMALE > a big stick . 
E ?? lelo m ? lie !! 
3:15 am . House party still going on , more people just got here . No drinking for me . Just want to sleep :( 
is getting too old for allnighters . Proud of myself though - no drinking . 0630 to bed finally ! Only to try and catch a couple hours of sleep and start the day . Raining now . Hope it's nice and < PROPFEMALE > when I wake up . Hau ? oli Pakoa ! 
This weather sucks ! Glad I'm not a tourist here . It'd be one disappointing vacation . At least it's not cold . 
< PROPFEMALE > , 80 degrees today ! Hope I don't get sunburn . 
Yup ... sunburn . 
Parmesan seared Kajiki ( blue < PROPFIRST > ) over a bed of baby caesar spinach w/ raw , sliced sweet Maui onion . Now that's what's up ! I love being able to cook again ! 
FYI There's a website called spokeo.com . It's an online phone book that lists tons of personal information about you , some accurate , some innacurate . It can even have a picture of your house , credit score , profession , age , how many people live in the house . Remove yourself with the Privacy button on the bottom . I checked it out , I was on there ! CUT PASTE AND REPOST ! 
Dogs barking ! Pigs squealing ! Roosters doing their thing 24-7 ! Can one ever get any peace and quiet ? One roommate short for the next 2 weeks will make it a bit more peaceful - probably get boreing too ! Ah well . 
is loving my new medication ... fukital !!! 
is wondering if the voices in my head have voices in their heads . 
Will be mainlanding it ( and probably freezing my ass off ) from 05-18 to 06-01 !! 
What's the surf like in WI this time of year ?? 
is off for my threesome ... me , my pillow , and my bed ! 
thinks that the dog truly is mans best friend ! Not convinced ? Try this . Put your dog and your wife in the trunk of your car for an hour . When you open it , see who's happy to see ya ! 
Whoever gave me the stomach bug can come take it back anytime now , regardless of what your parents taught you , its not always nice to share . 
is going to turn off my mind , relax , and float down stream with the purple squirrel smoking those funny cigarettes while singing kumbaya . 
wonders if there is a manly way to eat a banana 
welcomes you to my profile . Straight jackets are by the wall , meds are in the boxes . Enjoy your stay , and please visit again ! 
Everything's betta with butta ... bacon ... and blue < PROPFIRST > ! Even the movies I download BR versions of are better than the DVD that I already own . Love it ! 
is in a wonderful mood ! Maybe its the Prozac , maybe its the weekend , or maybe it's the weather today ; either way something is working !!! 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are blessed enough to have at least one true friend . 
must go get fitted for a tux ... 
is as bored as a fat kid on a teeter-totter ! 
thinks its funny how that when in need your invisible . But when needed your like a neon sign . 
life is too short to worry about everything .. stop taking the people who actually care for you for granted . You're never guaranteed tomorrow . 
I don't care how old I get . The coolest sound in the world is when you get a \Power Up\ " Mushroom in Super < PROPFIRST > Bros !! " 
When your life flashes before your eyes ... make sure you've got plenty to watch ! 
I always sleep naked . It's just more comfortable . This stewardess can f@#& off , I don't care if there's young children on the plane . 
is always good ... and even when I'm not , I'm good at it ! 
is so bored , I was about to run around the house naked but then I drank a bottle of Windex and it stopped me from streaking . 
Naptime ! 
wonders ... if your uncle < PROPFIRST > helped you off a horse , would you help your uncle < PROPFIRST > off a horse ?? 
is going to that new Club B.E.D. I hear MC Sheet and DJ Pillow will be there with a little Cafe < PROPMALE > Mar Volumen Siete in the background ! 
don't be afraid of the impossible , make the impossible happen . 
What happened to the tradewinds ? It's getting really hot today ! Maybe a visit to the beach is in order ! 
is really debating whether or not to go see The Losers . Still have a minute to decide . 
is really missing my ' chiropractor ' right now . 2 weeks is too way too long ! 
Naked ... Talking Heads ... 2005 
Another scorcher today ! 80 deg . < PROPFEMALE > , humid , no AC , and still no tradewinds ! 
Sure , I talk to myself , and willingly admit it . It doesn't mean I'm crazy ... just that I appreciate intelligent conversations and know where to find one . 
is not what I should be ; not what I could be .. not who I want to be , but surely not who I used to be . 
The most dangerous lies are the lies you tell yourself . 
Holy shit ! TV just kind of exploded !! Wasn't even turned on , just went pop , fizzle , fizzle . Lots of smoke ! Hope that's all my excitement for the day . That was definitely enough ! 
Nuthin's fun when you've sh ! t in your pants . 
lost my helmet and ate all my crayons ... now what do I do ? 
What ever happened to sex , drugs , and rock and roll ? Now all we have is AIDS , crack and techno ! 
A sober man's secret is a drunken man's confession . 
It's never too late to become the person you could have been . 
learned a new word today ! \Jewpanese\ " ! I think it's hilarious ! Leave it to the SF Bay area ! " 
you know you were raised Catholic if ... while watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars you hear \may the force be with you\ " and you respond \ " and also with you \"." 
rented a Tiger Woods video , \Tiger's Favorite 18 holes\ " . What a disappointment ... it was about golf . " 
JUST SO I UNDERSTAND THIS .. YOU PASS THE \ 
NORTH KOREAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GET 12 YRS HARD LABOR , YOU PASS THE\ 
AFGHAN BORDER ILLEGALLY YOU GETSHOT . YOU PASS THE AMERICAN BORDER \ 
ILLEGALLY YOU GET A JOB , DRIVER'S LICENSE , ALLOWANCE FOR A PLACE TO \ 
LIVE , HEALTH CARE , EDUCATION , BILLIONS OF DOLLARS SPENT SO YOU CAN \ 
READ A DOCUMENT WE < PROPFEMALE > PASSPORTS IN OTHER COUNTRIES OR FACE JAIL \ 
TIME . REPOST IF YOU AGREE 
What All Fortune Cookies Should Say ... \ 
You are about to take a dump in 10 minutes . 
Is it just me , or does trying to stifle a laugh and accidentally snotting the person in front of you just make it that much harder not to laugh ? 
I love it when I bump into a wall and say \excuse me \"!" 
Why do people with stinky breath always want to whisper in your ear ? 
Have you hugged your imaginary friend today ? 
officially has both feet on solid mainland ! 
You can't live the same day twice . No one can be you . So live your life to the fullest even in the hardest of times . 
Tux rental shoes suck ! Finally got my slippers back on . Wedding was great ! Pics to follow soon . Six hour drive back to hometown tomorrow . Really miss home HI . 
Finally got a decent nights sleep and got my ass out of bed at 0900 this morning . Love the weather . A little hotter than I'm used to , but the AC is set to 78 so it's almost perfect inside . Something bad in the air though , I havent had allergies since I was stateside last summer . Only a week ( or less I hope ) to deal with it before going back home . 
Even though you can not go back and make a brand new start , you can always start NOW and make a brand new ending ! 
Sometimes you have to fall , just to see if anyone cares enough to pick you back up again . 
What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us . 
is vertical and above ground ! Its a good day ! 
If you are reading this , thank a teacher . If you are reading this in English , thank an American soldier ! 
Deepest feelings show themselves in silence ... like when they look into your eyes and see your heart , or when you feel their touch and you know you matter . 
is home !! After 17 hrs of travel I'm back in the house !! 
Party my place tomorrow ( Sat night) !! 
The best thing in life is that God sees all your mistakes and weaknesses , knows your imperfections and still thinks you're completely amazing ! 
just moved to Kailua . I'll miss the country , but everything here is so much closer . No more roosters and squealing pigs all night long but the sound of the stream will take some getting used to not having around . 
Unless you believe , you will not understand . 
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't . 
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet . Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened , ambition inspired , and success achieved . 
< PROPFEMALE > is no matter of < PROPMALE > . It is a matter of choice . It is not a thing to be waited for , it is a thing to be achieved . 
The weak can never forgive . Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong . 
In prosperity our friends know us ; in adversity we know our friends . 
Human love is loving because of something ; divine love is loving in spite of everything . 
Hope is a waking dream . 
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish . 
When you think you can fly , the sky's the limit . 
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything . 
Sometimes our vision clears only after our eyes are washed away with tears . 
I still dare to dream . And so long as there is a dream of better things to come , I can face tomorrow with a smile . 
He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good . 
Forget injuries , never forget kindnesses . 
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this : Decide what you want . 
I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice . 
We can draw lessons from the past , but we cannot live in it . 
Science is organized knowledge . Wisdom is organized life . 
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past , worry about the future , or anticipate troubles but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly . 
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom . It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err . 
If you don't like something , change it . If you can't change it , change your attitude . Don't complain . 
Who am I to judge another , when I walk imperfectly ? 
Wisdom begins in wonder . 
Life is a succession of lessons , which must be lived to be understood . 
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned in life : it goes on . 
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase . 
I think I've discovered the secret of life ... ya just < PROPFEMALE > around until you get used to it . 
Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh . 
Sometimes silence can be louder than words . 
It is in deep solitude that I find the gentleness with which I can truly love my brothers . Solitude and silence teach me to love my brothers for what they are , not for what they say . 
I think we all have a little voice inside us that will guide us . It may be God , I don't know . But I think that if we shut out all the noise and clutter from our lives and listen to that voice , it will tell us the right thing to do . 
Faith is not belief . Belief is passive . Faith is active . 
The best way out is always through . 
Don't pray when it rains if you don't pray when the sun shines . 
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity . The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty . 
Good judgment comes from experience , and often experience comes from bad judgment . 
If you're going through Hell , keep going . 
We do not believe in ourselves until someone reveals that deep inside us is something valuable , worth listening to , worthy of our trust , sacred to our touch . 
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through trying to save . 
Today was just one of those days when I feet like the hydrant in a world full of dogs . 
Helping my friends is something I value most about my life . Or even just making them smile . 
Really miss my chiropractor . Used to see him every day . Now I'm lucky if I see him once every 2 months . Really need him now . 
The true test of character is not how much we know how to do , but how we behave when we don't know what to do . 
Keep your eyes open to your mercies . The man who forgets to be thankful has fallen asleep in life . 
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness . 
Hope deferred makes the heart sick , but a longing fulfilled is a tree of life . 
Was just accepted and enrolled into a $ 30,000 Pharmacy Tech . program . Class starts Nov . 15 . 
So , two days done with school this week . Computer class is going to be a cake walk ! Medical terminology is going to take a little work , but I know I'll do well ! 
Just finished Medical Terminology final . 98 percent !! A's in all my classes !! One week off , then back at it again ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . The sun finally came out and I can go to the beach now ! Surfs Up ! Aloha ! 
Hope this tsunami warning turns out like the last one ! I'm probably not going to sleep tonight cuz it's scheduled to hit between 2 and 3 this morning . 
Survived the tsunami two years in a row ! Glad things here didn't happen like they did in Japan . 
