wonders when her life became so complicated . She missed it . 

couldn't sleep due to a pump truck behind her apartment last night . She hopes not to fall asleep in her TFA cocktail ... 
: This is not my year . 
is looking forward to a weekend with the family ( and friends ! ) 
is in < PROPFEMALE > , Colorado with a room full of Canadians . 
is enjoying a beautiful morning in < PROPFEMALE > , CO . 
is having a great time at the ACS Green Chem Summer School ! What cool new friends ! 
has made it back to Atlanta after a long night of dancing with the Argentinians and Canadians and Ohioans . 
is officially a zombie . Thank you , grad school . 
is really , really tired . Isn't that always the case lately ? 
is really in pain but just looking forward to turning in her proposal so she can rest a little . 
thinks that sleep is overrated . :) 
:( 
is not feeling well at all . :( What is the deal with this week ? Just got to make it through next Monday ... 
is still not feeling so hot , but had a decent day in the rain . 
is officially updating from the banks of the Linmat . And the weather here is beautiful ! 
is feeling pretty yucky and probably has a sinus infection . :( 
is feeling very drained lately . Perhaps she can get her groove back by Monday . 
is throwing herself into work to keep her mind off of everything else . It's just what she's got to do . 
is having a rough week ... er ... ten months ... 
has a really bad headache , but is going to attempt to do laundry this evening ( it's a long affair when a washer holds 2 items of clothing ) . Perhaps handwashing might be more efficient ... 
is going to try to knock out a lot of work today ! Tired , but I'll sleep when I get back to Atl . 
\It might be a quarter life crisis or just the stirring in my soul ; either way I wonder sometimes about the outcome ... \"" 
is practicing her Swiss roesti and geschnetzeltes another night ... this week she is attemping dolmades and tzatziki ... 
is tired , but hopes to make it through another Friday . She will probably sleep most of the weekend . 
is currently taking 2-D NMR spectra ... from home ... in her pajamas . :) 
did not sleep and is very tired today . 
is feeling very , very frustrated and is trying to make it to December . 
is enjoying some blues and jazz on a cold , rainy Zurich night . 
\I live here on my knees as I try to make you see that you’re everything I think I need here on the ground ... \"" 
is sad about Uga but is excited to be coming home to < PROPMALE > soon . 
last official day at ETH . Glad to be heading home soon . 
Luzern and then home . 
is leaving on a jet plane tomorrow headed for the States ! 
is really happy to be back to her < PROPMALE > folks ! What good friends ! 
You say : \I can't figure things out . \ " God says : I will direct your steps . ( Proverbs 3:5 -6 ) " 
Rewriting memories , The dogs run down the beach , And all I'm left with is sand in my shoes ... 
has only one Christmas wish and not for something to go under a tree . 
can't sleep . Going on day three . 
should be reading more papers instead of actually watching Ghost Hunters in the background ... I'm still curious about the < PROPFEMALE > State Hospital on Briarcliff ... we should send TAPS there . 
Thank goodness 2010 is over . Here's to a more exciting and happy 2011 ! 
Warning to Atlanta : < PROPFIRST > Schuler has been sighted in the < PROPMALE > area . 
wishes those wanting to raise awareness for Breast Cancer Research would actually DONATE MONEY or TIME to the cause instead of endlessly posting their brassiere colors on FB . Seriously ... it's not as clever as everyone may imagine . 
Note to man trying to pass me this morning who obviously doesn't know how to drive on ice : Jerking the wheel irratically and accelerating on WILL land you in a huge ditch in front of the Fox 5 news center . 
A house isn't a home without a dog . :) 
has to learn to be ethical today . :( 
has a headache from dealing with figures ... 
has a very sick little dog ... :( Vet appointment tomorrow for ultrasound . 
is back from the vet with the dog . May is feeling a little better thanks to some savings -- money can't buy happiness , but it sure helps in an animal emergency pinch ! 
is still tired from a blood draw yesterday . What's the deal ? :( 
is battered from the week but is glad to have new students visiting tomorrow ! 
wishes she could get some real sleep ... 
\Which Iron Chef will hear the tremendous roar of your food processssoooorrr ?! \"" 
has too much to do to be feeling poorly . 
has been HPLCing for > 12 hours now . :) 
is not feeling well on the < PROPFEMALE > of a move ... :( 
is grateful to her awesome family and friends for their help moving ! 
enjoys HPLCing so much that she's moved on to the Salaita Lab HPLC ! Maybe I'll just make the rounds through the entire department . 
Listening to ethnic music helps me unpack faster . I know not why . 
thinks she has another ulcer . :( 
is pretty exhausted but survived the day . It's all downhill from here . 
wonders how the heck the dog managed to open an umbrella upside down and collect everything in my bottom bathroom drawer into it whilst I was at work ... she's a hoarder . 
wishes she had more time at her bench ... the summer perhaps ? 
\I think about you all the time But I don't need the same It's lonely where you are come back down And I won't tell them your name ... \"" 
Congrats to Rong for her P h.D. defense today ! What a good day ! 
really wants to become a contact for CEM's competition ... she knows now how not to build a synthesizer . 
Tired ... but things will better in May ... 
is reading about DREAM , HETCOR and DRAWS instead of watching tv . Does this mean I need to find a life ? 
had a pretty good week . Now for laundry ... and cleaning out the car ... and other mundane tasks that have fallen by the wayside . :) 
is exhausted and it's only 3pm ... 
can't wait to get out from under all of this paperwork and back into the lab ... 
Will this week ever end ? 
feels like laying out by the pool after spending all day in an icy magnet lab ... 
thinks getting home before 9pm is overrated . :) 
FML . 
enjoys collecting Schulerisms ... words of wisdom ... :) 
is tired but at work . Perhaps I will rest tonight . 
All I have to say is ... ow . I need some rest . 
Listening to Toto seems to help my knee to stop aching . Weird . 
is super stressed . :( When will this cloud move on ? 
Schulerism of the Day : \Sorry about the sh*tter ... \"" 
Big Bang Theory . :) 
is excited about summertime ... perhaps now I'll have time to get more experiments in ! ( I also enjoy getting to work with all of our awesome undergrads ! ) 
\You got to < PROPMALE > a dream 
FTIR tonight . Excitement ! 
NMR . :) 
Preparing for a busy week ... 
Some days the science is just too good . :) 
is watching the cardinals on her bird feeder with May and a cup of coffee . :) 
Parts of my life are oh-so-comical . I need to write a book someday ... 
CCE . Yep . 
is excited for what the day will bring ! :) 
is tired to the < PROPMALE > but optimistic . 
Sick . :( 
Set up a reaction and now heading home to enjoy some fireworks ! 
Far better it is to dare mighty things , to win glorious\ 
triumphs , even though checkered by failure , than to take rank with those poor\ 
spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much , because they live in the gray\ 
twilight that knows not victory nor defeat . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
wishes this migraine would go away but is looking forward to this weekend ! 
off to the store and then home to cook ! Tomorrow will be fun ! 
is always amazed by what awesome friends she has ... :) 
had a good day . It is always bittersweet to see friends move on . :') 
swam her first 1500m since high school last night and is pretty sore today . Here's to rediscovering old hobbies ! 
One man scorned and covered with scars still strove with his last ounce of courage to reach the unreachable stars ; and the world was better for this . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Quixote 
has a bjillion experiments to get done and so little time . :) 
has a headache in her eyeballs ... 
What a beautiful Saturday for science ! And maybe some real life later this evening . :) 
Not everyone gets to spend Friday evening eating cobbler with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . :) 
isn't feeling so hot today ... :( 
\The heart of a cheater is empty and hollow . \"..." 
had a great time last night with < PROPFEMALE > and company ! :) 
guesses that she may be the only person she knows who starts their morning listening to zydeco . :) 
hopes to feel somewhat normal again soon ... 
loves that each day she can read a nice mixture of status updates from people with normal jobs and people in science ... it really puts things into perspective . 
had an interesting evening but is exhausted . I could sleep for days ... 
Luckily , the experiments never end . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Fitzgerald and Nat < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > dripping into my ears . Red wine and dark chocolate . And my dog sleeping by the fire ... doesn't get much better than this . :) 
This week will never end ... 
Hopefully , there is sleep in the forecast for the weekend ... 
is thankful for good times with family and for all of her wonderful friends ! 
is officially tired ... 
Frustrated with life . 
Thanks to all for the encouragement . Especially the first years -- you guys are something special ! :) 
\I love movies about real things ... like < PROPFIRST > Columbus !! \ " - E . Schuler " 
is home safe after a slow ride home . 
DOE with Chenrui Chen , night 4 . :) 
\I love long walks . Especially when they're taken by people who annoy me . \"" 
Totally can't sleep ... too much on my mind . 
Tonight I've got the comedy of < PROPFEMALE > Saunders , a good glass of wine and a great dog to sit in my lap ... :) 
is taking part in her civic jury duty but is sleepy after sitting in quiet rooms all day ... there is a lot of science to get back to soon ... 
\If you stumble ... make it part of your dance . Be fearless . \"" 
is super tired and it's only Wednesday . At least I got to see Dr. Codington on his birthday ! 
wants so badly to have faith in people ... 
It's way too quiet here . :( I might as well go back to work ... 
wonders why all baby names nowadays have excessive ' y's ? Caydyn ? Haydyn ? Shaydyn ? Ambyre ? < PROPFEMALE > ? Robyrt ? Tym ? Wtf . It doesn't make the name unique ... just irritating to spell . /soapbox 
is at the Atlanta Science Tavern with the hottest minds in Atlanta ! 
had a good day with Betul and < PROPFEMALE > ! Good friends + awesome science + funny gossip = priceless . 
is amused by the sexy Spanish music here at Panera ... I guess sandwiches can be sexy ? Or maybe I'm supposed to eat my sandwich in a very seductive fashion . While I think sciencey thoughts . Totally hot . 
\We are just stories 
is watching a special on solar plasma . Yellow dwarf FTW . :-) 
is in love with Mendeley thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . What did I do before you ( both) ? :-) 
Circumstances will never make me betray my plan for happiness . 
had an amazing night of tapas , martinis , IMAX , and Java Vino with Betul , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , some of the sexiest minds in Atlanta ! :-) 
can't sleep . Might as well clean . 
< PROPFIRST > Marsteller for president ! ;-) 
is so excited about AbGradCon 2011 !! I can't wait to talk astrobiology among the Bozites in Montana ! Thanks to Betul and < PROPFEMALE > for their support -- you ladies are amazing ! 
