So , I went to Bargain World today . Got myself a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > jacket . Well , its an army dress coat , but its still badass . White Leather , with a black < PROPFEMALE > on the right arm . On the inside there's a nazi symbol though ... Idk about that one . but you can't 

Just got back from Ocean Shores . It was quite fun . 
CRUEFEST 2 ON MONDAY !!! Can't wait . I don't even know if im gonna make it there from all the stress of that excitement's gonna have on my body . but it's gonna be great . Everyone there will get to witness God's at work . 
Im currently beginning to post on my blog every day about issue's , current events , etc . The link is blogs.myspace.com/BrandonDFloberg14 Check it out . If your not interested , its all good . but , for those of you who will read it , Im gonna try and post it ev 
Im wondering why Band seems so wierd this year . And school in general . 
Stupid history ... history homework sucks . Especially when you have no idea why your doing it . 
The Menu button on my Ipod broke today ... Im gonna call Apple on Monday about getting it fixed , or getting another Ipod . Until then , its permanently on random . 
Its midnight on a Friday , it seems like the perfect time to play guitar for a little while . Be back in a bit . 
Seattle's losing 3-34 right now ... We either need to step up , or just give up now . 
Leaving for Hells Kitchen in about 20 < PROPFEMALE > . for Riot In Rhythm's show . If you have $10 , its a show you don't wanna miss . 
Need something that record up to at least three hours . Can anyone help out thats in the Tacoma/Seattle area ? Anything that can record a guitar , drums , and vocals . 
Currently writing a new song . Which lyrics sound better ? Incite the Riot , or Fight This Riot ? Can't decide ... Anyways , should probably be able to start recording this weekend , may put some stuff up on my bands myspace < PROPFEMALE > . Im currently doing every part , from Drums to bass to even vocals . And their rough takes , so bear with me . Its not easy doing this by yourself . 
Gotta go pick up my sister in like 20 minutes . Luckily , there's no homework that needs to be done . I wanna try and get some more writing and recording done before everyone gets home tonight . It would be nice . 
As of today , im writing music and my book again . Im finally back on track . 
I just straightened my hair again . It took about ten minutes , and im satisfied with how it looks . Which means , that im doing it tomorrow morning . 
Looking into a mechanics institution that could help me get a job for companies like < PROPFEMALE > , BMW , Toyota , Nissan , Harley-Davidson , Honda , and custom motorcycle and Car shops . 
Can't wait for tomorrow . Riot In Rhythms show at the Showbox will be amazing ! If your not there , your gonna wish you were ! 
Last night was RNR's show at the Showbox . All the bands played amazing , btw . If you weren't there , you obviously have no life . Anyways , I got two more days left ; Atreyu and Hollywood Undead tonight , and KISS tomorrow . Still haven't slept yet . Im currently at < PROPFEMALE>'s; probably won't be home until like 10 . 
Does anyone know anyone willing to buy an Epiphone Special II < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > body ? I don't have a set price yet , but offers will definitely be considered . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > dinner tonight ... who wants to eat here ? Haha . My mom's having some people over . I wonder if she'd flip if a couple of my friends showed up ... 
Got some new Wheels and Bearings for my skateboard now . It flies . 
Wore red today for the Haiti thing . Sadly , hardly anyone else did . Must not of gotten the memo ... :P 
Ugh . I can't walk at all today . Its a very bad limp . < :( 
Some guy tried to fight me at the bus stop today ... apparently I look threatening ? I've always though I look pretty harmless myself , hah . 
They said we can't tailgate at < PROPFIRST > Meyer's before the show ? How's the school gonna stop us if we decide to ? Vice-principals threatening us like they can suspend us ... 
I got contacted today about a possible band opportunity ... shows all the time , everything . The total legit deal . I guess happy birthday to me . 
Been 16 for almost 30 minutes now . Pretty proud of myself as of right now . 
Band concert tomorrow night , < PROPMALE > Auditorium , 7PM . 
If Spybot doesn't get these Trojan's off my computer , im gonna be pissed . At least my iTunes library is backed up . ^_^ I've got Avenged Sevenfold to help me live through it . 
I've decided that M . Shadow's is officially the greatest singer ever . Don't ask why . Or go ahead , its up to you . 
Just wrote a new song . And I can actually play the guitar part and sing at the same time . Now I just need a bass player , so there can be a full band . 
Can't wait . My mom may be getting a drumset . She wants to learn how to play . xD 
I recorded some guitar samples today on Audacity . Its not the greatest quality , but it'll allow me to record things when I get inspiration . The ones I just recorded I'll put up on my personal site on Myspace . I'll send the link as soon as their up . 
Last Thin pick just broke ... I guess im playing with my finger again . :/ 
Im gonna create a list ... of the general public's ( in other words , you ) top 100 bands . Send me some suggestions . 
Ah ... tonight relaxing . Tomorrow , guitar playing . 
I wonder what the school would do if everyone just decided to skip tomorrow ... and then we all met at like , Pt . Defiance park or something ... 
Ugh ... no practice this week . Meaning , its been almost 3 weeks since I last had practice . Meanwhile , Nickelback on Friday . that oughta be fun . My band has a show May 16th , at the Viaduct . Doors at 6PM . Probably starting the show at 7pm . For tickets , talk to me . Hopefully I'll be playing . I still need to learn a few more songs though . Believe in me ! 
Nickelback concert tonight . Along with Shinedown , Breaking < PROPMALE > , and Sick Puppies . Totally syked . 
Concert sucked . Like , no offense , the music was great . Shinedown and Nickelback played a great show . The people AROUND me , however . Can't stand them anymore . Get wasted BEFORE the show , go over the top AT the show . 
This dude's hilarious ... facebook.com/igebadia you can view his youtube < PROPFEMALE > too from a link on his facebook . 
You ever notice how people are always a lot nicer on Facebook than they are on Myspace ? 
Guitar lessons Friday ... stoked . At least im keeping myself busy . Bands show this Saturday . I won't be playing , but I'll be there , and the band sounds amazing . $5 advance , $7 at the door . 
Writing some acoustic music right now ... first time without distortion in awhile . Gotta use my SG since my other guitar's so low . 
Just wrote a beast song , that'll definitely be recorded as soon as I can . Stay tuned ... Its kind of a ballad , but I love it . Epic guitar solo too . 
Love you all . Talk to you Monday . Or Sunday . Yes , probably Sunday . And remember to come to my bands show tomorrow ! Doors at 6 , tickets $7 at the door ! 
Writing ... more music ? Im gonna need recording equipment pretty soon . Before I have enough material for a two-disk CD . 
I just found out that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio died this morning , at 7:45 AM , of stomach cancer ... he was 67 years old . 
Just discovered Parkway Drive . Its amazing how close < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s playing style is to my own . Don't really hear it very often . 
My band now ? Its so confusing . 
Im getting the feeling that returning this touch tomorrow is gonna be harder than I thought ... so much more proficient than mine nowadays . 
There's those certain moments and actions that just seem to give you hope ; no matter how unrelated they are . 
Its Friday night and I don't have any plans ... what's good Facebook ? 
Does anybody happen to have a piano they want to get rid of ? 
I feel the need to let everyone know that I just lost 5 guitar picks in under 2 minutes . I really need to find where they all go after they hit the ground ... 
Just got a new spider pet . It landed on my guitar . 
I can't believe its only 11:30 and everyone here except for me is asleep . This never happens . 
Just got my new Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > CD Fever . So happy . Friday would've been a month I've been waiting for it to get here . 
Any drummers out there ? Im looking for a drummer for a bit of a side project while we get things sorted out in KneQture ... it'd be mostly a metal band , our influences being bands like Avenged Sevenfold , Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > , and Parkway Drive . So , you'd have to be somewhat good , and preferably have a double-bass pedal , or two bass drums . If your interested , talk to me . 
Majorly reorganizing my iTunes library ... that means getting actual album names and everything for my Limewire downloads ... sucks so much . 
Writing on my book again ... Im liking it . 
hey its < PROPFEMALE > 
Just watched the first episode of the new Season of Friday Night Lights ... and now comes up this discussion again ... \Maybe I should play football ... \ " Thinking about it . Not really sure . Opinons ? " 
Talked to the drummer of Sin Circus today ... let's hope I get this . A tour this summer would be perfect . 
Sin Circus audition next Wednesday at 5 ! Got a buttload of song's to learn ... 
Currently watching < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland . I have an unconditional love for this movie ... God know's why ... 
Biggest audition of my life tomorrow ... lets hope I don't blow it , right ? Im excited , can't wait . 
Peace everyone . See you tomorrow . 
Just changed the strings on my guitar . Maybe now it'll stay in tune . 
24 hours into summer vacation , and I've managed to do nothing . Yay me ! 
My new bass has been shipped ... that means there's only a few more days until it's here ! Can't wait . :) 
My bass is currently in Commerce City , Colorado . It's getting closer . I can't wait . 
My baby has now arrived in Hermiston , Oregon . It should be here tomorrow or Friday I guess . So excited ! 
Fife , WA- out for delivery . \ 
This is very suspenseful . 
apparently i need to file a claim cause my bass was stolen . my moms lied to me one too many times . she has no right to keep my bass from me . im going to have a very extended stay at my dads house . theres a reason < PROPMALE > deosn't talk to her ; now i know why . 
I need to get my life together , and start actually going in some sort of direction . I can't continue to just flail around with no musical goals or how to get to them . Im willing to play guitar , bass , or sing . Who wants to get a band together and start jamming ? 
Apparently we have a mouse in our house now ... that kinda sucks . :/ 
Listening to Kiss is always a great time to pass time . Maybe some pie too ? 
I think it's time to learn some more Led Zeppelin . Im in that mood . Song suggestions ? I already know : Kashmir , Houses of the Holy , Heartbreaker , Stairway To Heaven , and I think thats about it . 
Ugh , gonna have to get off again ... my computer keeps overheating . See everyone at 1 AM . 
What's the point of a computer having four fans if it still overheats every 5 minutes ? I've even got a fan on this thing . UGH . 
Ugh , food poisoning sucks . Hopefully by tomorrow it'll be gone . Btw , the RnR CD release party was pretty sick . It's gonna be intimidating when they start playing arena's . Anyways , I'll probably talk to everyone either tomorrow night , or on Sunday . Or for a little bit longer while Im still on Facebook . 
Be back . I think Im gonna go ride the ATV for awhile . 
Just got Riot In Rhythm's debut album ... kickass . That's all I can say about it . 
Just hooked up to Xbox Live , so if you play you should definitely let me know what your gamer tag is . 
This is cool , Inever realized facebook on XBox Live would be this ... CONVENIENT . 
Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > , October 22nd , Showbox SoDo ; Who's going with me ? I don't care who , as long as you can pay for your ticket . Let me know . 
Losing parents arn't easy . No matter how much they've always pissed you off . It's a bit hurtful to have to find out how it feels . 
Im really hoping my shoulder isn't messed up ... :/ But , it still hurts like , going on ... 4 days ? Or 5 ? I can't even remember . Anyways , off to < PROPFIRST > Posey's birthday party in a little bit . Wish me luck on my bike . 
I want to see who actually knows all of this random crap about me . Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . Best friend . Nickname . Favorite color . Copy this to your status . FAMILY DOES NOT COUNT . 
Ugh ... I did NOT want this to go down like it is ... now it's gonna be a lot harder than it should have been ... < :( 
Absolutely loved today ... or yesterday technically . But all the same , it was amazing . I especially liked the point from about 9:30 to 1:30 . :) 
Alright , so here it goes . For once I got EVERYTHING I asked for , even something I wanted but didn't sign up for :\ 
1 ) Applied Math ( Reddin)\ 
2)Junior English Survey 1 ( Hollingsworth)\ 
3)Uh ... nothing . Lmao . ( nobody)\ 
4)Band ( Herb)\ 
5)Multimedia Productions ( Quintana)\ 
6)Us History 1 ( With Svinth)\ 
Anybody got any classes with me ? 
Ugh , band camp cancelled next week . Im gonna have absolutely NOTHING to do until school starts . Who wants to chill before school starts ? 
\Everybody Live 
Writing a pretty slow song ... its the first one in awhile . 
Just found out < PROPMALE > Unger , someone I know from auditioning for a band called Sin Circus , got arrested . It's really weird hearing that , for some reason . I'm also trying to get in contact with his kid's right now as well ( who , fyi , are my age . < PROPMALE>'s in his 40's ) . 
Recording a song with my step-brother . When it's done , we're gonna put it on CD's , and sell them for $1 . Who wants a copy ? 
So , I might have a broken bone in my shoulder ... no more weight lifting ... :( There's always next semester though . 
Off to Jam with < PROPFIRST > in the garage for awhile . Text if you wanna talk . 
So , after finishing my first Monster off in about a month or so , I've decided I'm longboarding to school . :D Peace . See everyone in class . 
Pandora has to be the best thing in the world when you don't wanna listen to a certain band , but want to listen to something like them . And you don't what that thing is . How's everybody doing ? I bigger surprise ; I'm going to homecoming . 
This woman is officially IMPOSSIBLE to find on facebook . 
I definitely need new friends to < PROPFEMALE > out with . This is getting so annoying . Any volunteer's ? 
I just discovered Deadmau5 , and I have to say , I've fallen in love . 
I love you all . Just thought I'd let you know that . :) 
So , I'm looking for a rhythm guitar player/2nd guitar player who plays metalcore/death metal/heavy metal . Any takers ? If your interested , message me , or if you know someone , tell them to contact me . ( You do need to audition , and have your own equipment . Or at least have means to get your own equipment . ) 
I'm looking for a rhythm guitar player/2nd guitar player who plays metalcore/death metal/heavy metal . Any takers ? If your interested , message me , or if you know someone , tell them to contact me . ( You do need to audition , and have your own equipment . Or at least have means to get your own equipment . ) If interested email me at : brandonfloberg@hotmail.com , or text me at : 206-816-0203 . 
Off to test out my new head on my little line-6 speaker . Hopefully tonight I'll be able to get it loud on an actual cab . 
Comment with what you really think of me , then repost as your status to see what people think of you . you'll be surprised ... or not 
How did we meet ? Copy and see who remembers 
There's no way I can miss Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > on October 22nd ... It's just impossible . 
Just learned Suffocating Under Words Of Sorrow by Bullet for my < PROPFIRST > . Who wants to jam it ? 
Best night ever tonight . Period . 
Ugh , this back pain is sucking . It's literally like , suffocating me if I take too deep a breath . Probably gonna go to bed pretty early tonight . 
Still looking for a second guitarist/rhythm guitarist . You don't need to pass any qualifications to audition , but you do need to have your own equipment . Just for reference , my influences are people like Synyster Gates ( Avenged Sevenfold ) , < PROPFIRST > Paget/Matthew Tuck ( Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > ) , Slash ( Guns N ' Roses , < PROPFEMALE > Revolver ) , and Mick Mars ( Motley Crue ) . Hit me if interested . Message me for the phone number . 
Just learned how to play < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > on the bass , in key and everything . Iain , we must jam . 0 . o 
Learning some new scales and licks on guitar ... Going back to proper technique functions and all that . Learning some new licks too that are supposed to quicken my fingers and improve my improvised solo's . 
So I've discovered that , all this time , all my 80GB iPod video needed was a battery ... had I known this , my Nano might not be broken right now . :/ 
wow brandon ... good job of NOT logging outta facebook on my phone (; 
If you're reading this , even if we don't speak often post a comment of a memory of you and I . When you have finished post this paragraph as your own status , you will be surprised what people remembered about you . 
My iTunes on shuffle is producing the BEST music right now . 
Alright , now that it's snowing much harder and sticking , I feel the need to post a status about how it's snowing . This is absolutely amazing . 
If you think I'm cute , like my status . If you love me put a heart . If I'm agood friend put a :) If you miss me put a :/ If you ever had a crush onme put a XD ... If you're not scared , put this as your status 
Hey , I wanna do a demo of like , some collaborations with people I know . If you rap , sing , play guitar , drums , bass , keyboards , whatever , hit me up . It has the possibility of being really cool . 
My new favorite song right now is Some Chords by Deadmau5 . I never thought it would have happened . 
Just made an awesome new beat . And volunteer's for putting words down behind it ? 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status 
Have you ever played a solo so fast that your hand literally cramps up and refuses to go any further ? You know your solo is too fast when that happens . My hand is like , stiff right now , like I pulled a muscle . Maybe I should start playing guitar more often again , or making my solo's slower ... time to start playing more again I guess . 
It's always so epic when heavy metal bands tell epic stories about warriors and battles , and dragons and stuff . It brings out the geek in all of us . 
Just got done looking at some pictures of my brother ( my real brother , not my step-brother < PROPFIRST > ) . It's weird to like , idk , look at pictures of him . I remember him obviously , but he just looks like a different person these days . Three days ago was four years ... 
So I just got my new phone . Message me or whatever for the number . 
I'm getting in the mood for W.A.S.P. Chainsaw < PROPFIRST > ? I think so . 
Watching School Of Rock on my new iPod Touch . This is pretty legit , I must say . 
Currently at the westgate , playing bingo . How's everyone else ? 
Idk why , but I'm feeling really lazy today . 
On my way to the mall with my Madre . Whats everyone else doing ? 
School is kinda boring today ... Now that I've gotten past my three busiest classes , I'm probably gonna be bored out of my mind the rest of the day . 
I bought a new home in Newburge in Nitto 1320 Legends ! http://bit.ly/a1eV7p 
I just won 5 money races in a row in Nitto 1320 Legends ! http://bit.ly/a1eV7p 
Does anybody know interesting facts about < PROPFEMALE > ? Other than the obvious , please . 
Whats the difference between playing brutal music with just myself and playing it with a band ? Another guitar , drums , bass , and vocalist . Anybody wanna get together and jam ? I did say brutal for a reason ; death metal and really heavy metal only . In other words , I need double bass . :) 
Ozzy and Slash was awesome ! On our way back right now . That has to be the second best concert I've ever been to . 
