Put speakers in the Geo the other day . Now it sounds great . 

is tired . 
did two loads of hay at 8 00 this morning . 
did three more loads of hay tonight . 
is going camping for a week . Leaving tomorrow . 
is still camping , but the weather sucks ! 
got back yesterday at 9 30 pm . 
is going to sunset , in a little bit . Does any one know if u can bring dogs ?? 
finished painting his go-kart , and started to put back together . 
finished putting the < PROPFEMALE > plate on his buggy . 
I wont , i was just messing with ya . 
My computer is a pile . 
saw < PROPMALE > potter yesterday . 
is going to see Foreigner tonight !!!!! 
has a headache that wont go away . 
these headaches wont go away . 
gets to go in for more testing 2morrow . 
put a new exhaust on the Geo , got the chrome tip and everything . 
thinks that what happened tonight just goes to show you how mature ppl are in this school . 
thank you everyone who helped clean off the corvette's windows . 
please observe a moment of silence as the Geo died . RIP . 
last night was cut way too short . Wish I woulda had more time to spend with someone ..... 
never thought he'd feel this way about someone .... 
is really looking forward to saturday :) 
missin someone right now .... :) 
is missin her right now :( 
had alot of fun last night .... :) 
is thinkin about someone right now .... 
is looking forward to 2night !! 
is babysittin my sisters and thinking of her .... :) 
had a good weekend , turned 17 and got to see someone special :) couldnt ask for anything more 
\We are gentlemen and scholars .... \"" 
didnt see one deer this entire weekend . :( 
still hasnt seen anything ..... 
is lookin forward to 2morrow ........ :) 
MY DADS ON FACEBOOK !!!! Never thought id see the day !! HAHAHAHA !! and he said facebook was a waste Oh how the mighty have fallen !!! Its a great day to be alive :) 
is watching < PROPMALE > of the Hill , great show :) 
is watching pirates of the carribbean 2 
is watching the original knight rider :) 
2010 was one of the best years of my life , and 2011 is lookin just as promising , this coming year is gonna be one to remember 
is single , prolly should feel worse then I do ... 
my weakness is that i care too much , my scars remind me that my past is real , i tear my heart open ..... 
is watchin the A-Team !!!!!! 
feels like he got kicked in the head :( but also found out i got a 29 on the ACT !! :) 
feels like he got kicked in the head :( but found out i got a 29 on the ACT !! :) 
y wont these headaches go away ? its been almost 5 months and their coming back .... :( 
my buggy is gonna b crazy fast ....... :D 
one more day of econ and family relations !!!! 
\Your mom goes to college ! \"" 
But now , I stand alone with my pride . And dream that your still by my side . But that was yesterday , I had the world in my hands . But its not the end of my world , just a slight change of plans . That was yesterday , but today life goes on . No more hiding in yesterday , ' Cause yesterday's gone 
is wiped out tired , sick of these headaches , and is amazed that you can be affected by someone this much ... 
is on fb on his wii !!! 
nothin 2 do on a fri night , great ...... rest of the weekend looks the same :( 
doesnt want to do national honor society thing , but i prolly should get goin on it ... ugh 
Super- B.A. kid . Usually does incredibly stupid things . All around leader . Extremely attractive and cool . < PROPMALE > is the most amazing person you will ever meet , < PROPMALE > is sweet , kind and beautiful . < PROPMALE > will bring light to your life and love to your heart . 
best bus ride ever . 
frickin piece of crap computer ... 
longest . day . ever . 
has to get up @ 4 30 am for solo ensamble .... great 
is goin to state for both of his songs 
\My daddy used to say ' Life without danger is like a house of ill repute without all the naked ladies'\ " - Hannibal Smith " 
is headin 2 the dance . 
that was prolly the best snowball dance so far .. :) 
Does anyone remember the Stats assignment we got 2day ? i forgot to write it down 
sooo tired ... 
3 hrs in the woods , most relaxing day in a loong time .... :) 
is watchin NASCAR Sprint Cup 
' 80s hair metal , gotta love it .. 
is tired and doesnt feel good ... :( 
is back from Nashville !! 
is tired and bored , loooong day , another early day 2morrow ... 
got his first paycheck 2nite !!!! 
got a pair of carlise strykers for $65 2day 
puppy got spayed 2 day 
stomache still hurts ... 
' s brain is fried ... 
SENIOR AT LAST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
home from work and wide awake .... great 
got back from a Week in ripon , went to the truck/tractor pulls , now almost time for bed !! 
misses the BBS guys already ... 
home from work , headache , and i got stuff in my eye , but 2morrow should be fun !! 
found out hes gonna go see the Scorpions on Friday !!!!! 
If theres something strange in your neighborhood , who ya gonna call ?? GHOSTBUSTERS !! 
Scorpions 2day !!!!! 
the Scorpions were amazing !!!! Seats in the sixth row , almost in the middle , couldnt ask for better $8 seats !!! 
so dang hot ! Milk was a bad choice !!! 
got tickets 2 go see Warrant , Firehouse , and < PROPFIRST > Michaels at the state fair 2day !!!!! Cant wait till aug 14th !!!!! 
walked outside 2 get the mail and turns out someone smashed our mailbox .... awesome 
good time wit the guys , and is now the owner of an arctic white fender stratocaster with a < PROPFEMALE > fretboard ! 
FireHouse , Warrant , and < PROPFIRST > Michaels last night !! AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is all packed and ready to head off 2 colorado and yellowstone after school 2morrow !!!!! Senior year baby !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is back !!! Colorado and Yellowstone were awesome !!! 
voice is gone ! i can hardly talk lol 
accepted to the university of north < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
\Thats not your cake < PROPMALE > !! Thats < PROPFEMALE>'s Cake ! You eat someone else's cake again and I'll give you a slice of < PROPFIRST>'s special ? Pain Cake ! ... And you WON'T ... want seconds o'THAT!\ "" 
scholarship applications ..... ugh 
got accepted to Embry Riddle Aeronautical University !!!!!! 
does anyone need a ride to the game 2nite ?? 
Put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Vikings Fan . Being a Vikings Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for VF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% of Vikings Fans won't repost ............ this ... because they don't know how to copy and paste . 
Had a great four day weekend and birthday !! Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes !!!! 
got a Bowtech Tomcat , with UV 3 pin sight , drop away arrow rest , and carbon arrows with mechanical broadheads from his uncle 2day !!! 
Saw a doe , a really small 4 , a decent 6 , and a really nice 8 or 10 pointer all after 2 30 , 2morrow up early and sittin all day ! 
ITS GUN SEASON !!!!!!! OH YEAAAA !!!!! 
saw a really ice 8 pointer but no shot 
so last night tracking a doe through the swamp my mom trips and knocks a tree over and it hits me right on top of the head ! it still hurts ! 
i feel like # ? * ! 
I love my new Zune !!! 
No homework 2nite !!! 
Higher nd higher leave it all behind , so baby dry your eyes save all the tears u cry oh thats what dreams r made of 
Gosh i love da packers ! < PROPFIRST > rodgers is the man !! 
Whippin doughnuts in the school parking lot + comin home and takin the dune buggy out = a good night 
I look around and what do i see ? Broken hearted people starin at me . Who am i to believe in love , lord have mercy , love aint no stranger 
my nose is still kinda sore 
You dont wanna fight me , in my xtra small white t ! Haha tswifts best song . 
Basset : ... so guys subconciously tune things out\ Me : \ " Like when girls nag all the time\ " Basset : \ " Yea pretty much \"" 
got a $36 , 000 , yes thats $36 , 000 , scholarship form Embry-Riddle !!!!! 
I bought a PS3 and black ops 2day !! 
Had fun 2nite , now im goin 2 bed :) 
Got laid off 2night ... 
$200 in service charges ?? Really element mobile ? WTH ?!?!? 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > . Durkee will miss you . 
got accepted to the Embry-Riddle Honors Program !!!! 
had a great time playin talk dirty to me with dad and Wild Ride last night ! thanks guys !! 
is feelin so fly like a cheesehead !!! 
just woke up from a nice hour and a half nap , kinda feelin better 
its snowing !! 
got my AFROTC eligibility approval today all i have to do now is the interview !! 
got a $1000 scholarship from EAA today ! 
just got done putting skis on my dune buggy ! its pretty legit 
Do the creep ! 
Go NFC !!! 
I might as well be on Mars\ 
You can't see me\ 
I might as well be the Man on the Moon\ 
You can't hear me\ 
Oh , can you feel me so close\ 
And yet so far\ 
Baby , I might as well be on Mars 
Kyrie eleison , down the road that I must travel\ 
Kyrie eleison , through the darkness of the night\ 
Kyrie eleison , where I'm going will you follow\ 
Kyrie eleison , on a highway in the light 
Fun dip !! 
Got my air force rotc interview 2morrow , wish me luck !! 
Finally home ! My interview went good , now the wait begins 
touchdown < PROPMALE > jennings !! 
Im gonna take your mother , < PROPFEMALE > mantooth , out for a nice seafood dinner and never call her again ! 
Sometimes up but then im down , sometimes i feel turned inside out . Im often silent while im screaming inside . Instead of love we turn to hate , never quite appreciate , how much the other person cares or tries . 
so i was watchin the daytona 500 , and its < PROPFEMALE > and 70 , man i cant wait till next year ! 
Got my tuition and housing deposits paid today ! 
Took my dunebuggy out on the road today , those skiis are legit 
< PROPFEMALE > is OFFICIALLY CLOSED . WSAWCH . 7 
so according to the news highway 29 is now impassable 
If this keeps up idk if we'll have school tomorrow . 
Got my class ring today ! 
Bye bye miss american pie , drove my chevy to the levy but the levy was dry . Them good old boys was drinkin whiskey and rye , singing this'll be that i die , this'll be that die . 
Urgh more snow .... 
Yay school tomorrow ...... 
Castle !! 
urgh , i am not a fan of american lit 
Calc test tomorrow and im not feelin good :/ 
Urgh its only wednesday tomorrow :/ 
TGIF !! 
Urgh CSI and calc homework 
i done feel good :/ 
Time to go cook some sap ! 
Eight and a half hours later im finally done , now my feet are soaked , im cold , and im dirty but its done 
Grad party at my house or car show building ?? 
Stupid zune reset itself :/ 
Today is friday , yesterday was thursday , we so excited ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is the man !!! 
Its bed time :) 
This weather sucks 
Feels like crap .... :/ 
My phone disappeared in my locker :/ unless someone took it .... 
Now has two sets of posi's that are both almost 300 feet long in front of my house haha 
Who has my phone ? 
Had a great time with my dad , < PROPMALE > , and playin with Wild Ride last night ! 
That was my last high school chorus concert .... :'( 
Took my dune buggy out in the rain , and now im covered in mud ! haha 
Late night culvers run :) 
My sister just discovered that there are examples in her math book to help her . -_- 
Wow , last actual school day . 
Free at last , free at last ! I am done with calculus !!!!! 
Didnt think id cry till sunday , but i definitely lost it tonight . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , im never gonna forget singing that duet with you ! I almost lost it during the song . < PROPMALE > Pierce , never gonna listen to meatloaf the same way again lol 
R . I . P Aunt < PROPFIRST > . Youre going to be missed . 
Just cut up a bunch of wood for the bonfire at my grad party ! 
Is actually gonna get a decent amount of sleep tonight :) 
Didnt realize it took this much to get a graduation party ready . 
Home from work :) 
Memory < PROPFIRST > up in the headlights\ 
Its got me reminiscing on them good times\ 
I'm turning off a real life drive and that's right\ 
I'm hitting easy street on mud tires 
Straight up man day today , bought a rally truck , bought fire works , rallied the truck , and had a bottle rocket war :D 
Lost some of the feeling in my two fingers that the firecrackers exploded on . 
Headin up north :) 
Getting the S10 rally truck out of the trees and going tubing . Sounds like a stupendous day ! 
Everyday I'm shufflin . 
Speant 4 hrs changing spark plugs on the camaro >:/ 
got my laptop :D 
so Def Leppard and Heart canceled their RockFest appearance , so i bought tickets to RockUSA , and found out that there are no refunds on RockFest tickets >:/ 
Journey rocked the house last night and now it KISS tonight !!!!! 
Took the ASVAB today , and now i get to get up at 4am to get my physical and job counseling . 
Swore into the Navy Reserve this week , and I'm leaving for boot camp on September 7th , after that I'll be heading to < PROPFEMALE > for 28 weeks of training :) 
broke another transmission mount on the camaro yesterday ... 
Remember when thirty seemed so old\ 
Now lookn ' back , it was just a steppin stone\ 
To where we are , \ 
Where we've been\ 
Said we'd do it all again\ 
Remember when 
fixed the transmissioni mount on the Camaro today , and played with the programmer , its been a good day so far 
You ain't no weeble wobble ! 
Wishin ' I was\ 
Knee deep in the water somewhere\ 
got the blue sky , breeze and it don't seem fair\ 
the only worry in the world\ 
is the tide gonna reach my chair 
thats not my stack of muffins ! 
Eight days till I leave :/ 
Instead of telling someone who rides a motorcycle how dangerous it is .... Why don't you look twice before switching lanes , making right turns , or pulling out of a driveway .... Keep your eyes on the road and off your cell phones .... If you care about someone who rides a motorcycle or lost someone who rode a motorcycle , please re-post ... 
Is anyone going to want my bootcamp address to write me :) ?? 
Well , this is my last night at home , so I'd just like to say thank you to everyone for being there for me and being great friends and family . I wouldn't be the person I am today without you guys . I've had some great times , and couldn't ask for a better group of friends . I'm gonna miss all of you , and hope you all have a good one . This is < PROPMALE > Myers signing off . 
It’s my life , my time to find the answers\ 
Don’t always know what kind of road is in front of me\ 
But I’ll go slow wanna remember every moment\ 
That this is by the goodness ride has ever been\ 
It’s my life 
is getting sick :/ 
