Happy New Year .. Hope everyone has a wonderful year 

Wish I was at home being lazy and recooping .. zzzzzzzz ... Time is going by so slow .. And to you Christi : I wish you the best this year . You deserve it ! 
Missing : April 25th 2009 : MY MIND !! :) 
Really missing what I had !!!! 
what do you say in a momonet like this .. when you can't find the words to tell it like it is .. Just bite your tongue and let your heart lead the way 
I was a little bored ... 
i love having fun and dandelions .... and catipillars . and people that are laplanders and love minsk .... 
butterflies are cool too ... 
i also love moths ... they seem so good to us 
Ok .. That was < PROPFEMALE > . That's what I get for leaving my facebook open .. Haha 
Babysitting tonight :) 
done ! done ! DONE ! Thanks for making it easy ! 
Sometimes we get so caught up in what's around us and what is behind us that we forget to see the wonderful things right in front of us ! 
Working tonight at the palms .. Open jam night .. woo hoo 
had the strangest dream last night .. 
It's Will's birthday tonight at The Palms .. He will be here from 8-midnight .. Come out here guys and have a drink with us 
Only when it's darkest do the stars come out :) 
Don't judge people for what you can see .. You never know the unseen battles they are fighting on the inside or if they will be here tomorrow ... 
Planning on taking alot better care of myself . Six days in that place and I never wanna go back ! Glad to be home again :) 
TGIF 
Working at the palms all day Open to close ! Karaoke tonight ! 
Church was awesome today ! 
Bored .. Somebody save me 
< PROPFIRST > McBee is a Christian and not ashamed to say it !! Let's see how many people on FB aren't afraid to show their love for God and accept Jesus as our Savior ! Repost this as your status . Each time you see this on someones status , say a quick prayer for that person !! Let's get God back in this country like He should be !!! If you agree post this in your status update . Just copy and paste . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is a Christian and not ashamed to say it !! Let's see how many people on FB aren't afraid to show their love for God and accept Jesus as our Savior ! Repost this as your status . Each time you see this on someones status , say a quick prayer for that person !! Let's get God back in this country like He should be !!! If you agree post this in your status update . Just copy and paste . :) 
Excited about the holidays .. I miss my beatiful sister and my family ! Can't wait .. Two more days . 
Starting to wish the holidays were over .. When everyone gets together , it's hard not to think of the people who were there last year but not this year :( 
Vegas Bombs + Me = Happy fun times .... USUALLY .. I had a < PROPMALE > drunken meltdown by myself in a parking lot for an hour ... lol Sorry if you are one of the people I called 
I'm a dork 
I really miss my Bulverde family .. Hope to see you guys sometime soon . 
As human beings with reasoning minds , it is impossible NOT to meditate . Meditation simply means whatever you think about . Whatever you continually think about is what you will eventually become . Proverbs 23:7 states , “For as he thinks in his heart , so is he . ” 
Our thoughts will eventually produce actions . For instance , no one “accidentally” wakes up in bed next to someone who is not their spouse . Those types of actions only take place after prolonged lustful meditation . Meditation produces < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > produces emotions , and if left unchecked , emotions produce actions . 
Anyone having computer problems .. I know the best guy for the job ! 
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs . It's jolted by every pebble on the road . 
\I am a little pencil in the hand of a writing God who is sending a love letter to the world . \ " ---- Mother < PROPFEMALE > " 
I love my sister ! And all of my friends new and old ! 
Don't let the door hit ya where the good lord split ya ! 
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe . You people are weird ! LOL 
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion . It’s just that yours is stupid . :) 
The hardest thing in life is knowing which bridge to cross and which ones to burn 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !! 
The nice part about living in a small town is that when I don't know what I'm doing with my life , everyone else does ! :) 
Meery Christmas everyone ! 
I'll try this again .. < PROPFEMALE > Christmas eveyone :) 
Last try ... < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ~ checking spelling , checking it once , checking it twice ~ 
Happy Birthday Jesus !! 
I hate watching people I care about fall apart . Especially on Christmas 
rfthio ; 5gyaerjfndlwkajghds 
< PROPFEMALE > , you are a dork 
What a Christmas !! Anyone else want to run and hide yesterday ???? 
One day you will ask me , which is more important , my life or yours , and I will answer mine . And you may walk away not knowing that you are my life- Facebook app site 
Here's wishing you all a great 2011 ! 
I think I'm the only one in Texas who isn't married or has kids . My 2011 word is commitment . Figure out what I want in all areas and conquer it . I'm getting old . :) 
Church was great this morning .. \It's a new season .. It's a new day ! \"" 
Thinking thinking thinking .. Ouch that freakin hurts .. I'm done 
\Life is the < PROPMALE > of drawing wtithout an eraser\ " Damn I wish I was a better < PROPMALE > ist ... lol " 
Praying the man upstairs sends a good job my way .. I'm so excited about changing things up ! 
I get so tired of everyone bitching .. Grow up and enjoy life people ! Stop being so dramatic ~ ! 
We have $3 any liquor , mixed drink or shot , 1.50 Domestics , & $2 imports all day noon to midnight for Super Bowl @ The Palms . Plus food and the big game ! See ya there ! 
A breath of fresh air .. Ahhh .. I feel like a huge weight has been lifted . 
Hangin out with Nico watching \Only the Strong\ " .. He was a trooper at the dentist ! Now it's < PROPMALE > and chz and ice cream for us " 
chillin .. just picked < PROPFEMALE > up from school 
Laugh and the world laughs with you .. Laugh hysterically for no reason and they leave you alone 
Home feels great .. Lazy day . Thanks for getting me out last night < PROPFEMALE > ! I needed some loosening up . I feel like me again today . You guys are nuts by the way , but hope you have fun today . 
Cover charge $10 Drinks $20+ Hotel $50 Watching < PROPFEMALE > bust her ass , < PROPFIRST > harass a stuffed < PROPFEMALE > , Mikie sleep in the truck , and < PROPFEMALE > have a beer for breakfast , PRICELESS ! 
Just me and the dog chillin in a quiet house .. It's been peaceful being back at home this week . Be safe tonight everyone . 
Gonna get a house in the woods where no one can find me !! lol 
YUMMY ! 
just got an unexpected phone call .. :) big smiles :) .. getting off of this thing now ! 
Why does it take a week to say sorry ? Ya knew it was messed up ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and I are headed to the ice house tonight , I think ... Probably see ya there DJ < PROPMALE > ! 
Is it wrong to be honest and say it is such a relief when people say they are going away .. less is more right ?? K . I only need one thing .. And the people who really know me know what that is 
when i say going away , there is a deeper meaning to that than most know 
Good morning everyone .. Love my life ! 
mmm ... breakfast ! 
I feel awful .. Hope I feel better tomorrow ! 
I had a really nice time chillin with an old friend yesterday .. Lots of food and relaxin ! 
My computer is going really slow .. Any advice < PROPMALE > ? 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I love every moment . :) 
click \LIKE\ " if I have ever made you Smile in your Life . Set this as your Status and see how many People you've made Smile !!!! :) " 
To all friends in the Texas area , we are goint to the Boot tonight to try and SUPRISE < PROPFIRST > for his birthday . Please try to make it . 
Life is beautiful . And my roommate is getting a new tatoo on the couch right now ??? LOL 
I love my chuch ! Anyone in the New B/Seguin area that wants to tag along with me next time , let me know .. Wednesdays at 7 and Sundays at 9 and 11 
Think of ways to encourage one another to outbursts of love and good deeds . Hebrews 10:24 
Holding resentment is like eating poison and waiting for the other person to keel over 
Had a great interview today .. I think I got it ! 
I have a friend who's looking for a job in the West Columbia area if any of my Brazoria County friends know of anything available for her right now , let me know ! She's a great girl with a good heart and a great positive attitude ! 
Same unknown author : I hate when people say \it's always the last place you look\ " . Of course it is . Why the hell would you keep looking after you've found it ? Do people do this ? Who and where are they ? " 
Life is great ! Got a new job i start on monday , great friends and the coolest 3 year old is hangin out with me this week ! 
Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > !! 
Life is just as it should be in every area ! I am so blessed ! 
Cut my hair , painted my nails , cleaned house .. All is good ! Can't wait for tonight .. It's gonna be a great night ! 
I had the greatest dinner .. I laughed for an hour straight ! Can't wait til tonight .. He's sweet , funny , smart , very stable , has his own business , and he is damn good looking !! I haven't laughed and felt that good in months and months !!! 
Going on my first date tonight at a new italian restaurant in New Braunfels 
Long day .. My little man was great at the doctor's today .. He had to get two shots and he was a trooper ! 
Bout to munch down on some fish tacos , < PROPMALE > and cheese and cheesy rice .. mmmm 
Thank you Lord for the beautiful way you are putting my life together now that I have truely learned the meaning of stepping out in faith .., I didn't let a crazy train of events move me and He restored everything times ten as always ! 
My heart says one thing and my mind says another .. I'm trusting my mind for once no matter how tough it gets . 
Hanging out with the little man ! I taught him to dance and now he runs around saying shake ya booty shake ya booty .. HAHA 
Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths , but only what is helpful for building others up according to their needs- ephesians 4:29 
yo < PROPFEMALE > ... I miss you guys ! 
Remember that when the world pushes you to your knees , you are in the perfect position to pray :) 
A man and his wife are awoken at 3 o'clock in the morning by a knock on the door . The man gets up and goes to the door where a stranger is asking for a push . \Not a chance\ " says the husband -- \ " It's three o'clock in the morning ! \ " He closes the door and returns to bed . \ " Who was it ? \ " asks his wife . \ " Just a stranger asking for a push\ " he answers . \ " Did you help him ? she asks . ( continued above ) " 
part 3(read last- continued from status below)\Do you still want a push ? \ " calls out the husband . \ " Yes please ! \ " comes the reply from the dark . \ " Where are you ? \ " asks the husband \ " Over here on the swing\ " the man replies . " 
If you get stange messages from friends telling you that you were caught on camera or there are pics of you on the net , it's probably not real and don't open the link . It will allow your info to be hacked into 
Loving life , everyday is better than the day before ! 
chillaxin with justice 
Off to church ! 
chillin 
It's a beautiful day for the river .. Anyone up for it ? 
I need a car ! 
Anyone have a car for cheap ? 
Life gets more beautiful with each day ! 
We are all meant to shine ! 
Missing the beach .. Guess the river will have to do for now ! 
A blah day .. 
Looking forward to the weekend 
I saw something today that reminded me why I'm so HAPPY every day and every day is such a blessing ! 
Who's going to the MudFest this weekend ? 
I need a second job .. Survival is traveling out of reach !!! 
And wonder where the saying came from : \We '" 
I wonder where the saying came from : We got ourselves in a pickle ... I'll google it ! 
what flavor of milkshake \brings all the boys to the yard ?? " 
Funny post I saw : I'm riding ponies outside Wal-Mart . . . I need quarters 
Life is the < PROPMALE > of drawing without an eraser .. I need an eraser ! A really big one ! 
MudFest was a blast ! I haven't had that much fun in a long time and I was sober the whole time ! 
I'll be working at Family Tradition tonight .. Come out and give me a hard time ! 
Good night all !! zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
What a shocker ! I just got a message from someone I haven't heard from in years ! Great way to start the day ! :) 
GREAT things coming my way !! Details soon !!! 
I had an amazing morning .. Then bowling rocked ! Life is GREAT ! 
My sister needs to call me ! 
My handsome soldier and I are back together . This time we are running to the chapel cuz we both realize we are the only ones who will ever laugh at each other's lame jokes !! It's so nice to have my best friend back and have a FUN relationship again ! 
Having a great time with my family this weekend ! 
I had a great time this weekend . I'll probably take a trip this friday to see HoneyBrown in Schulenberg if anyone wants to ride with us . 
I love with all I have every day . I tried to talk to you over and over and save our relationship but it was never \convenient\ " for u . So I didn't figure it was all that important to you . What did you expect . " 
My mind is running in twenty different directions . I can't freakin concentrate ! 
I need a vacation ! 
It feels so great to know I am blessed every moment everyday and nothing could ever come against me , cuz I have The Man with me !! 
Great day ! Church , Pizza , then Ice cream ! 
Love you Sis .. Keep your head up ! 
Getting really frustrated with my landlord . 
For if you forgive men when they sin against you , your heavenly Father will also forgive you . But if you do not forgive men their sins , your Father will not forgive your sins . Don't let unforgiveness hold you down . Pull yourself up by the bootstraps and find the positives in everything ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7HuIhI9lhs 
Don't live as though you're just filling an empty space .. Be an example and Live as if you're leading a nation ! 
Going home to have a candlelit dinner alone and watch movies by myself . I am my own best friend and my favorite person to < PROPFEMALE > out with is me !! 
Feeling like jello !! The docs have me doped up on muscle relaxers and pain killers . The meds definitely live up to their name ! 
I am truly blessed and insanely happy !! 
I'm so happy to have such wonderful friends ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Annlanette and all of the wonderful friends in my life ! You guys are freakin awesome ! 
I'm so happy to have such wonderful friends ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > again , Annlanette and all of the wonderful friends in my life and < PROPFEMALE > ! You guys are freakin awesome ! 
Going to get the little ones to sleep and head to my pillow .. Good night all ! 
Hurry up Thanksgiving ! I'm ready to make a road trip outta here and pig out , sleep , pig out , sleep , wake up and pig out again ! 
4 more days til I hit the road ! 
Life is good :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is having her birthday celeb at Bit on Friday 
I am truly blessed ! 
The best thing about having a new phone number .. prank calling friends :) I really got Chad .. hehe 
Flat tire . No < PROPFIRST > . Hop into the other car . Accelerator gets stuck while going 65 . < PROPFEMALE > bopped home . I'm spent ! FML 
i'm awesome and u suck dude :) 
I don't know what I'd do without < PROPFIRST > ! Thank u < PROPFIRST > for everyhing ! 
Smile :) 
Church was awesome this morning ! :) :) 
I just switched to a cricket phone . If u have cricket service and u know how to post a pic on here via mobile phone , please share . 
Dang it facebookin people ! Quit pokin me . I can't keep up ! :) 
after my last post , everyone started pokin me .. haha .. nerds ! :) 
You ARE the weakest link . Goodbye . 
i need to get my hands on life's big eraser ! this is the last time i make this mistake ! 
I love my job !! 
\Facebook is the only place where it is acceptable to talk to and argue with a wall \"" 
silly boy .. tricks are for kids .. 
\i dream of better days when a chicken can cross the road and nobody has to question his motives \"" 
life is like a box of chocolates .. you've just gotta keep going if u wanna find the good one ! 
life is like a box of chocolates .. you've just gotta go some of the bad ones on ur way to the good one 
thanks to my friends and family , and good company ! 
My life is officially worth 45,000 ! 
I Believe .... \ 
That our background and circumstances \ 
May have influenced who we are , \ 
But , we are responsible for who we become . 
WARNING ! Facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor . To BLOCK , go to your kitchen cabinet and remove the box of aluminum foil . Wrap foil around your head , stay calm & breathe through your left nostril . This is a serious problem & has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama and her pet chihuahua . Copy and paste as your status & SAVE YOUR FRIENDS !! 
all I can say is :) 
locked my keys in my car AGAIN . :) 
i was on fire today . Finished a project and was out by 2:30 :) 
I drank something called a Bloody Brain yesterday . It definately lived up to it's name . I stopped thinking from there , and yes I am blaming it all on that drink . Side note : < PROPFEMALE > , come see me . I miss my sis :) 
outside of dishes and making dinner , I haven't been able to pry myself off the couch since 3 . And I dont plan to til 6 am :) 
Painting new office :) 
I'm sorry that I said you're insane . Actually insane people do the same thing over and over and expect different results . But I'm sure you didn't expect things to be different . 
Good morning !! Life is good !! :) 
My office should be ready within a week ... Pulling carpet . I said if I can't gt this area pulled , neither can you . Silly boys still tried . ;) Don't question the muscles .. :) 
Broke down again , in the car I borrowed cuz mine is broke down ! Anyone want to trade lives ? lol Anyone have a running car I can have ?? 
Scary .. I thought there was a monster in the bathroom this morning !! Then I realized it was only the mirror .. Whew ! 
???? u ? ? u ?????? p ? ? o ?? p ?? o ? ??? ?? ? oo ? ? ? u ???? s ? 
I'm in the mood to relax and go see a movie . Anyone else down ? 
My pops is awesome ! My car is finally running again after being broke down 3 months . Time for cleaning and packing :) 
My ar is running . Just got the tags . Life is good ! 
break's over ! Back to work .. I love my job ! 
I feel like busting loose\ 
Busting loose now\ 
\ 
Busting loose in the evening\ 
Busting loose can be pleasing\ 
Talking bout busting loose\ 
Busting loose in the meantime\ 
Busting loose makes you feel fine\ 
Busting loose to my love jones\ 
Busting loose to each his own\ 
Talking bout busting loose y'all 
Calling it a day . Trying to sand pos t-t ile concrete to a smooth texture is impossible and exhausting . I could never do construction . Thank you Lord for making me woman ! 
Off work early . :) 
Recently , I thanked the Lord for making me woman . I'd like to retract that statement . 
Quote from a fifth grader : ' God is like Tide . He get the stains out that others leave behind . ' Smile :) 
Bossman always calls his last minute meetings just as I'm packing up for the day .. lol .. 
Long day .. My pillow feels like heaven :) 
It's awesome how one voice can make my whole day . :) 
:) hanging out with my favorite dude today 
shuuuush phone . I'm in a meeting ! 
Had a great day with my main man :) Love you Justice ! 
I wish I could take all of your pain and sadness , put it in a trsh bag and help you stomp the crap outta it !! 
Just got my butt kicked by a 3 pound bully 
I need something to do .. I'm going stir crazy . 
:o ) 
does anyone know where the Sonic is in Seguin ??? 
Brrrr .. I cant seem to be able to get out from under these blankies 
< PROPMALE > actually went out to my car and started it this morning so it'd be warm for me . I dont think this cold is coming from the north . It's hell freezing over . :) We never dd too well as a couple but we rock it as friends :) 
No hot water .. This is going to be an interesting shower ! 
Wouldn't ya know it . my hair dryer is flippin out and blowing cold air .. lol 
I should be home next to the fire ! 
G-g-good m-m-morning . It's freakin cold ! 
Crunching < PROPFIRST > after little sleep does not work well . 
My sister said I am phlegmatic ?? I've gotta google this .. 
I cant get back to sleep .. 
Ahh .. I feel rested and reenergized . I believe I'll go to work early this morning . Good morning friends and family ! 
It is so beautiful outside ! I think I'll curl up with my little munchkin by the fire for a bit . 
The Lord added another beautiful flower to his garden last night . We love you Grandma . You will be missed . 
My phone is blowing up .. Lol 
I have no clue who most of my fbook friends are or how we became friends ?? I'm filtering . If I erase you and you actually know me , sorry :( 
If you can read this , you survived the filter ! Congratulaions . I have no idea how some people were on my friends list . I'm at < PROPMALE > security now ! 
I'm not attending your stupid \smile all day\ " event < PROPFIRST >!" 
just got off work ! What a day ! What a week .. Oh and Guys are funny ! 
He said he wanted to call just to ask how my day was and say he was thinking about me .. the simple things that mean a million .. 
I feel so rested up this week :) Life is just peachy ! 
Today is going to be a great day ! 
I freakin miss you sis ! 
I wasnt really just going to the mailbox .. Geezz .. I was trying to be funny ! 
I've been flossing for and hour and still dont feel fresh . It has been a \too embarrassing to share\ " while since the ast time I flossed :( " 
It's a great day to be alive ! I see the sun still shinin when I close my eyes ! ... 
So they are closing down freeways and main roads already .. What am I missing here ? Is it really that bad ? How do get home ..... 
Whats going on ? Toto , i have a feeling we're not in Texas anymore .. Icy roads and snow . Now i .. I know we're not in Texas ! 
I've been in bed by 10 every night this week . I feel well rested @nd full of energy again ! 
I checked the weather app on my phone and it said \Everyone is trippin \"" 
Its Justice's birthday ! He tried to tell me this morning that it is not his birthday yet ! We are celebrating at < PROPMALE > E . Cheese tomorrow night . Everyone is invited . Bring your little ones . For more details , call me 210-291-0323 . I hope everyone has an awesome day ! 
My sis is coming down this weekend .. Yah ! 
I changed my status today . 
You should check out their name definition on UrbanDictionary.com .. 
McQueeney is on roll today .. I am dating ay guy , then I sat next to someone and now we're an item apparently , and for the finale .. My post earlier about kids turned into me being pregnant .. I am not joking ! hahaha 
Update .. I had my kids .. I gave them away .. My gay lover went to prison , and Sancho was run over by a bus .. 
Had a good day :) Now headed to eat dinner at Schoebels 
My best to you all . Lots of love going out from me to you on this special day . And to the one who still holds my heart ... I will see you again in the Lord's time and I love you !! :) :) 
Spending the day with my first love .. work .. 
Dinner's almost ready and I'm out . I hope eeryone ad an awesome Vday . 
I slept 10 hrs straight through and I still feel exhausted . 
I feel like a huge weight lifted lately . Not a care in the world but to do good by myself and for others . 
Having sushi with my big brother then dragging him out . 
yummy .. Thank you for dinner < PROPMALE > . It was awesome . 
When you feel like you're stuck and going no where , take a step back from EVERYTHING . You'll find that when you step back in , you've actually taken 3 leaps forward :) 
Two burgers , a subway salad , two slices of pizza , and a bowl of tuna casserole later .. woo .. I'm stuffed .. 
Every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorn ... 
:) :) :) :) 
:) :) :) :) \ 
--------------------------------------------- \ 
Sent by a Cricket mobile device\ 
--------------------------------------------- 
< PROPFIRST > found me a 3 bedroom house for 750 and its 5 minutes from my work ! 
I feel like being siily 
Gonna do somethin crrraaazzzzyyyy ! Yeah ! 
I'm sharing this beautiful day with my favorite company : ) . I feel so free and happy happy happy happy ! 
I hear Phoenix calling my name ! 
Im in san < PROPFIRST > on a roof top listening to an awesome band . I love it ! 
The scale says 118.5 . I gained three pounds at lunch .. Lol 
Our past may influence us but it doesnt define us . Who we become is in our control . The past is what makes us stonger and wiser . 
Bar b q , my pup nipping at my shoes , mellow music and good company . :) 
Its like the sun is shining when the rain is pouring down . Its like my soul is flying though my feet are on the ground . 
My new number is 210-291-0323 .. shhh .. don't tell anyone ! 
' Cause this is not about what you've done , \ 
But what's been done for you . \ 
This is not about where you've been , \ 
But where your brokenness brings you to\ 
- Tenth avenue North\ 
\you are more \"" 
Our thoughts spring from what we feed on . Our eyes , ears , & lips are to our hearts , like a straw is to our mouth . Whatever the straw is plunged into , that’s what’s goin in ! If we're surrounded by bad news , we are more likely to focus on negative . If we are surrounded by faith and joy , we are more likely to develop a sense of security & well-being . What we say to others begins with what we say to ourselves . 
I feel so blessed :) 
Thank you Lord for make up ! 
HELLO .. CODY .. DID YOU GET MY MESSAGE ? 
If my status read that I was suicidal and standing on the edge of a < PROPMALE > , I wonder how many of my friends would poke me ... 
So they asked me at the drive-thru to pull up and wait for my burrito but there is no one behind me .. Lol ??? 
' Be kinder than necessary because everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle . ' \ 
A sharp tongue can cut your own throat . \ 
Of all the things you wear , your expression is the most important . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > KNAPP !! :) 
Today I am feeling good about self motivation . I am so motivated I have put procrastination on the top of my list of things to do today . :) 
When i die i want my closest friend to go on my face book and write a new status every day and see how many people freak out 
Dear Lord , I come to you as humble as I know how . I confess my sins , those known and unknown , Lord you know that I'm not perfect and I fall short everyday of my life , but I want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy . Thank you for my family , my friends , a roof over my head and a warm home , food on my table , and everything I have . In the Name of Jesus .. Amen . Re-post if GOD has blessed you in any way . 
It is either scortching hot or flippin frigid water ! There is no happy medium for this bipolar shower . 
\Have you ever noticed how Facebook is like prison ? You sit around wasting time & writing on walls while being poked by people you haven't met ... \"---- LMBO " 
So when you go to put your right shoe on your left foot , do you say \Oops wrong foot\ " or \ " Oops wrong shoe \"?" 
Time to call it quits here ! Audits today were flippin insane . Think I may just visit the ol Palms . Haven't been there in a while :) 
Great things to look forward to :) .. My new place !!! My sister , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > coming into town Saturday ... Yippee- I've missed you guys !!! And did I mention my sister is coming Saturday :) 
Why is it that everything seems to become some huge drama festival . Just let your yes's be yes . and your no's be know , and just do it or dont ! 
I'm spent .. Going home . Have a great weekend all ! 
Going to s.a. tomorrow night . Anyone wanna join , text me 210-291-0323 ! 
Change of plans .. Going to < PROPMALE > tonight .. 
I think I am psychic . I had a dream that I woke up and went to look in the mirror and I was a mess . When I got up , it really happened .. Freaky ! 
I had something written on my dry erase calendar for March 25th and it's mostly erased so I have no clue what it was ... hmmmm 
Today is March 16 .. National < PROPFIRST > 3:16 Day- For God so loved [ YOU ] that he gave his one and only Son , that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life . 
Yummy !! :) 
Oops ! I did it again ! 
Its a perfect day for a bike ride . 
I'm gonna smile my best smile . I'm gonna laugh like its goin outta style ! 
I have some really awesome friends . I dont take a single one for granted ! 
I really dig stepping outside of the box and being different ;) 
MOVING IN TODAY !!! 
Love it love it love it ! ~ 
Headed to < PROPFIRST > to bring gas to a friend . So tired ! 
Everything is just peachy \ 
:) 
Everyone is out and about and I am tucking in ! Good night fb . 
I cant seem to pull it together today . I think I may just call it an early day and work from home ! 
Though I may fall , I will arise . I will not quit , therefore I cannot be defeated ! 
I can't sleep darn it ! FYI ... My bday is next weekend , Sat , April 2nd .. My friends/family better be there !! 
FML 
Bradyn said I love you Justice and Justice said I love you too friend .. Aww ! 
Had an awesome day :) Had a blast with Justice and my taxi driver :) 
Lost my phone .. Can someone plz call it .. lol 
You guys are freakin awesome ! 
Had a shelf come off the wall and fall on me ! Ouchie .. 
\Whenever u have a problem 
I'm not exactly thrilled to read \100% Recycled\ " on the toilet paper package ... " 
I dont do well with Mondays ... I tried to put diesel in my car .. Oops 
Finally ! All my work is finished ! 14 hours today . Mondays are crazy , but it makes me appreciate the smooth sailing of the rest of the week ! 
You don't have to lie to me . I will never judge you . Give you some friendly advice maybe , but never look down at you or put you down to others . :) 
Please copy and paste this as your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of anyone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message even if n o-o ne knows anything about anyone . Oh , and the hearts . ? ? ? For Goodness sake ... don't forget the little hearts ! ? ? ?.. 
Where is the rewind button :( I need a re-do 
\Lightly carbonated\ " can also be translated to \ " Do not shake before opening ! \"" 
\I wish I could Google EVERYTHING like typing in \ " WHO TOOK MY PHONE CHARGER\ " and it would say ' ________ has it'\ "" 
I don't know what it is about this flippin guy .. I can usually kick a crush like a bad habit , but I am really digging him . He is not AT ALL my usual type .. Somewhere in the middle of talking to him today , I developed a stutter .... lol .. Focus < PROPFEMALE > , Focus ! 
For everyone who is coming to celebrate with me on Sat , ( and everyone else :)) , I love you guys . Your awesome XOXO!!It'll be a blast ! 
I am really going to sleep now . I am so tired , I'm delirious . May just fall asleep here on the keyboardjasfjiosajdfknaslmfl ; mfvasl ; mf ; sl , m . zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
My weekend starts now ! Almost home ! 
I am so happy to know I dont have to set an alarm tonight ! 
Happy birthday to me ! Happy Birthday to me ! lol 
I made my last guest list revision :) We are < PROPFEMALE > . See you all tonight ! 
On my way ! See you guys there ! 
my feet are swollen 
After furthur analysis , it turns out my toe is broken .. lol .. 
Thanks everyone for making my birthday so awesome ! 
So many good hearted people in this world ! 
I can't sleep . I wish I could make everyone happy but everyone is so broken , and I cant do anything . 
LIFE IS GOOOOOOOOD !!!!!!! :) 
Home .. Sweet home ... 
Wheeeewww .. What a day 
It feels good to be home ! 
I just wanted to rest my brain for a few minutes , and I fell asleep .. Back it work ! 
Should I ? Probably not ! Am I going to ? nnnooyyyyessss . Grr .. 
All finished . :) 
Welcome to the friend zone . Please keep your hands and feet inside your bubble . 
PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT : Cancel all gym/workout memberships ! Buy an XBox Kinect system with Dance Central and Boxing . You will feel the effects for days !! 
I love my < PROPFEMALE > ! I was craving ranch for my french fries and there it was in the fridge :) 
What would life be like if we could go back and know all that we know now ? I think I'd have an awesome man at my side , a beautiful amily , and definately the exact same friends and family I have now . 
I havent been getting much sleep lately and its making me half nuts . 
< PROPMALE > me the < PROPFEMALE > not to set my car on fire today . 
Salary of the US President ... $ 400,000 . Salary of retired US Presidents ... $ 180,000 . Salary of House/Senate ... $ 174,000 . Salary of Speaker of House ... $ 223,500 .... Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders ... $ 193,400 ..... Average US Salary ... $ 33,000 to $ 77,000 . HELLO ! I think we found where the cuts should be made ! if you agree re-post 
I stopped talking back to the voices in my head , and now they've started texting me ... 
I think I was a mechanic in a past life . 
PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !! ( 1 ) Crazy , ( 2 ) I'd marry you , ( 3 ) I want to date you , ( 4 ) Sarcastic , ( 5 ) I miss you , ( 6 ) I'd kiss you , ( 7 ) Beautiful , ( 8 ) Smart , ( 9 ) Imaginative , ( 10 ) Random , ( 11 ) Smart ass , ( 12 ) Funny , ( 13 ) Fit , ( 14 ) Amazing , ( 15 ) Tough , ( 16 ) Cute , ( 17 ) I'd hit you with a bus , ( 18 ) I love you , ( 19 ) Weirdo , ( 20 ) Friends forever . Hmmmm ?? 
I am as happy as a dog with two tails and < PROPMALE > in a strip club . 
I know I was never there for my happiness but for yours , cuz it never hurts til you start crying . 
Ok peeps .. Why is it that I start one poking war and everyone gangs up on ME ! Punks ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , How is it you always blindly influence me to stay up til 4 am when I have to be up at 6 ?? Love , your grumpy sis . 
Brunette : When I grow up I wanna go to MARS ! \ 
Normal : I WANNA STAY ON EARTH WHEN I GROW UP\ 
Blondie : I WANNA GO TO THE SUN WHEN I GROW UP ! \ 
Brunette and Normal : BUT U'LL BURN ! \ 
Blondie : DONT BE STUPID IM GOING AT NIGHT 
I think I could sleep another 10 hours . 
ugh .. I take one day off of work and I'm working til 9pm to get everything caught up . I'm taking my vacation VERY soon ! 
If you're the lucky fella that just got a smiley face text from me , you are the last person I thought about tonight :) 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . 
Taking a litlle nap and back to work . :) 
You never know .... 
I think I've been sleepwalking lately . I'm predicting that I get up , beat the crap outta myself , then lay back down . 
If life was like a computer ... Reboot .. Save .. delete .. Empty Recycle Bin .. Refresh .. Google .. Hawaii .. Search .. Go . 
Its tough being a gansta . With my mind on my $$ and my $$ on my mind . 
:) Having a good day 
:) :) :) It's a great day . 
Why do I have to be sick on a Monday .. Ugh . My brain is not working . 
I'm pretty sure they lengthened all my roads home from work ! That felt like hours , but it feels good to be home ! 
Temp is 98.7 and just ate some grubbage . Cross your fingers ! 
I love my roomie ! She brought me some meds . Who needs a dude when you have a wifey like that :) ~ 
How did I jump up from 98.7 to 99.6 AFTER taking meds ? What did my roomie give me .. hmm 
 l_IrA'C]IKefAG_[[K]iKHA_\\As_kdAgiCikftZA[_eJAo_eeSKHACE_khAs_jAEKS]NAgie_]OKdAiQC\\AeChAa_Sg_\\As_jA]KeHB%KaYrAi^AG_[[K]h\\)KqhAs_kdAgiCikfAi 
Just woke up to my phone and cant get back to sleep !! 
I'll be hiding in my room all day again today . This stinks :( 
Someone I know posted this . Don't know if it's true , but it doesn't hurt to do it . \ 
ATTENTION : On Friday , Facebook will become owner of the publishing rights to ALL your private photos . You need to make a simple change : go to ' account ' , ' account settings ' , ' Facebook ads'(along the top ) , ' ads shown by third parties ' , choose ' NO ONE ' then SAVE . And please share 
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice . :) ~ 
I think he is trying to kill us & make it look like an accident . If we dont make it home , IT WAS NO ACCIDENT . IT WAS < PROPFIRST > JENTSCH a.k.a. CHUMP . 
Home sweet home 
Medication #1 : Total body freakout . Medication #2 : Comatose mode- hours of no memory . Medication #3 : Too tired to move . I'm thinking maybe it was just , like , the flu , and the rest of the symptoms was the medication trying to kill me !! 
My brother said he saw a bumper sticker that said , \The only reason I'm speeding is cuz I have to poop . \ " LMBO ! " 
So I was thinking long and hard about it this morning and I finally came to the conclusion that you're dumb 
Did you know that you can't hum with your nose plugged ? I bet now you're trying it aren't you ;) 
Tonight I hope to dream about _______________ . Fill in the blank :) 
Interesting fact of the day ... When you die your hair still grows for a couple of months . 
Is anyone else having facebook issues , or is it just me ? 
OMG .. SO DRAMATIC !!! Ugh ! 
I sooooo enjoyed being single for a while , but I'm pretty sure that I'm ready to jump back in the game again :) 
Who is your real friend ? This really works ...! If you don't believe it , just try this experiment . Put your dog and your wife in the trunk of your car for about an hour . When you open the trunk , which one is really happy to see you ? 
My brain is tired . I think I'm done for the day ! 
Im pretty sure my t.v. weighs more than a refridgerator 
I'm out of it this morning ! Anyone have some good jokes to pep me up this morning ?? 
You should always be there for people and try to see the best in everyone , until you realize they are bringing out the worst in you ! 
Keep this going : The 6 Navy Seals responsible for the demise of Bin Laden will not be honored publicly due to the anonymity of the mission and to protect their identity . Whoever and where ever they are I honor and salute their bravery and selflessness . Please join me in giving them a virtual standing\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Massey 
I've had 2 people today say ' be safe\ as I'm leaving somewhere .. I think I'm going to drive sllloooow going home " 
Sometimes I cant sleep just because I'm thinking of you ... < PROPMALE > Vale Hodge .. I love you forever . 
LOVE MY FRIENDS , MY SISTER , MY FAMILY , AND MY < PROPMALE > .. A&F 
I WISH MY PHONE WOULD ASK ME A SERIES OF QUESTIONS WHEN I PUSH \SEND\ " ON TEXT . \ " ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO ? \ " \ " DO YOU REALLY WANT TO TALK TO THIS PERSON ? \ " \ " ARE YOU GOING TO WISH YOU HADNT TOMORROW ? \ " .. YOU KNOW ??.. MAKE ME THINK ABOUT IT OR GET FRUSTRATED BY ALL THE QUESTIONS AND NOT SEND . " 
I am thinking about calling Ripley's . That was the longest train ever . 
I'm here with < PROPFEMALE > at the Palms Medical Center for Severe disease and Brain Damage . She just checked in . I'll keep everyone posted . PLEASE PRAY 4 HER ! 
I had a Military Style lunch today . It was awesome . It's neat seeing how they do it in the military , and the grub is actually pretty darn YUMMY ! 
I WAS STUNG BY A SCORPION LAST NIGHT . MY KNIGHT BEAT HIM UP FOR ME !! 
Dear Heffer and < PROPFEMALE > , \ 
Don't ever do that to me again ! \ 
Love , Clunker 
My car tried to kill me ! 
It was a crazy day , but everytime you crossed my mind , I smiled and couldn't stop smiling .. I LOVE YOU H.V.H ! 
Today is one of those terrible , horrible , no good , very bad days :( 
Lost my phone again .. Can someone plz call or text me :) 
Uno mausch Heifer , He-man , and < PROPMALE > Boo boo boo ? 
FRIENDS ARE THE GREATEST AFRODISIAC !!! 
CHURCH WAS AWWWW-MAZING ! 
it's never too late to get back on track . Never has anyone gone so far on the wrong path that they cannot return to the right one . Never has anyone become so wayward that they cannot benefit from the true light ... 
Omg ! This car is going to be the death of me ! Does anyone have a car that does not have a deathwish ?? its trying to murder me ! 
\Some mornings it just doesn't seem worth it to gnaw through the leather straps . \"" 
And how is education supposed to make me feel smarter ? Besides , every time I learn something new , it pushes some old stuff out of my brain . Remember when I took that home winemaking course , and I forgot how to drive ? \ 
- < PROPMALE > Simpson 
\How to Lose A Guy in 10 Days\ " .. the best movie ever .. haha .. love it ! You can learn some great tricks to keep guys off your back .. lol " 
So I challenged my puppy in a boxing match .. I said \Bring it . You aint got nothin Smalls\ " .. He brought it and totally whooped my butt . " 
Oh no ! Something just flew out of my car window ! I hope it wasnt important .. Oh wait ... It's cool .. It was just what I had left of my sanity . 
SNL .. Gotta love it ! 
HAPPY CHURCH DAY !!! :) 
TO ALL OF MY FACEBOOK FRIEND'S WHO HAVED SERVED , OR ARE CURRENLY SERVING , THAT I AM NOT AWARE OF- I hope you are enjoying your Memorial Weekend- You should !! Thanks for being a part of the reason we honor this day . 
My car is down . I started 2 get upset , but realized that was selfish . I have great friends who are offering their help , time , vehicles temporarily , etc . I have a great boss who's working with me til I'm back on the road . I have The Man Upstairs who's surrounded me with great friends & family , & will always provide a way . Thank you < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , & everyone else who have offered their help ! 
Now I lay me down to sleep ... one more freedom this world does keep ... with all my heart I give my thanks ... to those in uniform regardless of ranks ... you serve our country and serve it well ... with humble hearts your stories tell ... so as I rest my weary eyes ... while freedom rings our flag still flies ... you give your all , do what you must ... with God we live and God we trust .... Amen GOOD NIGHT ! 
I had a friend giving away a bed today , and when I sent out a mass text , I realized how many people are in need . One specific family is a recently single divorced mom and her kids .. If anyone has a bed/beds they'd like to bless these families in the New Braunfels/Seguin area with , please let me know . Thanks !! 
I would love for anyone to share stories of family/friends that are serving or have served in the military . Or stories of your own experiences ! Comment below , or send me a private message , so I can include everyone in my thoughts and prayers this Memorial Day ! 
It's so frustrating when you know you are right , but have to just let it go for the sake of saving an arguement .. Ugh 
To be sure of hitting the target , shoot first and call whatever you hit the target . 
Turns out my < PROPFEMALE > makes an excellent flashlight ! 
Justice left an hour ago , so why am I still watching < PROPFIRST > the Train ? Lol 
Can't sleep ! Too much on my mind ! 
Having a hard time focusing on work today .. I think I'll put on some < PROPMALE > Cook to liven me up while I work . 
\I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio . \"" 
Drinking beer doesn't make you fat , It makes you lean .... \ 
Against bars , tables , chairs , and poles . 
Florida is the first state that is now going to require drug testing for welfare ! Some people are crying this is unconstitutional . How is this unconstitutional but it's completely legal that every other working person had to pass a drug test in order to support those on welfare ? \ 
Re-post if you agree !! 
Good night .. 5am comes early ! ugh 
Having lunch at TGIF on a Tuesday with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Phenomenal . Period ! 
\I'm known for my motivational skills . Everyone always says they have to work harder when I'm around\ " - < PROPMALE > Simpson " 
Did you know that those who appear to be really strong ..... are often the most sensitive ?....... Did you know that those who spend all their time protecting others ...... sometimes really need someone to protect them ?...... Did you know that three of the hardest things to say are : I love you , I'm sorry and Help me .. ? Put it on your status if you agree ... 
Taking a facebook break for a few days ! Love you guys ! 
I havent been back to my hometown in a while . So many memories everywhere ! 
I'm trying to stay positive but its one thing after another and I dont know what to do . I just wish I had the power to fix this . 
Last night we picked up some friends who were broke down . My friend let me borrow her car to bring them home today , since mine is broke down , and hers breaks down . Ugh ! So we get back here an my roomie's car is broke down .. lol , no kidding . So , we are fixing it and my neighbors get in an ugly ugly fight . oh ., and I wake up to my roomie having a swollen face . this day was so full of drama . I think its bedtime ! 
April 2nd Birthday meaning : You're so intuitive , it's like you have a sixth , seventh , and eighth sense . You connect with others freely and easily - and you tend to have many best friends . Warm and caring , it's hard for you to close your heart to anyone . Affection is like air for you - you need to give and receive it to survive . \ 
strength : Your universal compassion \ 
weakness : Your unpredictable mood swings 
Thank you Lord for good friends ! 
I never deleted any of you guys !! I just deactivated my account and took a social networking break ! 
Going to try to attempt sleep again .. Wish me luck ! 
I was told I have the hottest friends ! So congratulations guys , you are all hot babes !! 
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes . He said , \No hablo ingles . \"" 
I told myself I was going to stay single til Aug 4th .. It has been a healthy move .. My house is spotless , my best friend is 3 lbs and growls at his shadow , I am an expert hearts and spades player , and at this point a chupacabra is starting to resemble < PROPMALE > Pitt . I think I'm losing it . 
Ugh ! Thats all I have to say .. 
I've noticed that when I post something , every comment gets further away from the original subject and we are usually talking about something completely different by the end .. So , I'm just going to leave this one wide open .. Please randomly comment below .. 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are pouring sweat out here , and I look around and noone else is sweating .. Lol .. Wtf ?? 
Putting on my ninja suit and disappearing .. Good night fbook .. 
< PROPFEMALE > gets back tonight .. Woo Hoo ! And watch out Bexar and surrounding counties .. This is your only warning . 
It feels nice to just relax :) 
My ninja skills were not at their peak last night :( .. < PROPFEMALE > and I had to jump the fence , cuz we are gangsters , and I landed on something .. My foot is going to fall off .. 
My temporary phone number is 510-366-8299 ... Something is wrong with my phone :( 
... play with the fire ur gonna get burned . Its only love if ur loved in return .... 
I'm so depressed : _-( .. I have been looking everywhere , but I can't find my crayons .. 
It's impossible to say \M\ " without touching your lips together . " 
How do you expect kids to listen to their parents when Tarzan lives half naked , < PROPFEMALE > comes home at midnight , Pinocchio lies all the time , Alladin is the < PROPMALE > of thieves , Batman drives at 200 mph , Sleeping Beauty is lazy , and Snow White lives with 7 guys . We shouldn't be surprised when kids misbehave , they get it from their story book 
Back in business ! I just woke up to a text message ! My phone is now working :) 
My roommate back out on me last minute !! I need a roomate by Friday .. ouch .. $213 to move in .. Anyone interested ? 
My fortune cookie says : \You are the center of every group attention \"--" 
Waitning for \scenes from the next episode .. \ " then I'm out for the night ! " 
I was watching a dog chasing a bug and thought how easily entertained it was . Then I realized I was watching a dog < PROPMALE > a bug . 
It's a great day to be alive ! I see the sun still shining when I close my eyes ! 
The first 6 months flew by , but these last 35 days are dragging ... Come on soldier .. Get your ass home ! 
Dear Facebook friends , this 4th of July keep in mind that 7,000 people were treated in emergency rooms for injuries sustained from fireworks last year . Don't be a statistic , let your friend light the fuse . 
So I just went on thesaurus.com & searched “ninjas” . The computer told me “Ninjas cannot be found” . Well played , ninjas , well played . 
So , how did the man who first discovered milk explain what he was doing to the cow ? 
So its an awkward moment when sitting at friends ' house and they are yelling at each other .. You just pet the dog and look really busy on the phone ... 
People say that you should say no to drugs .... I'm thinking that if you're talking to drugs , it's probably too late for that ... 
I feel like I should clean the house , so I am going to lay down until the feeling passes . 
While you scream at a woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man wanting to remind her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man wanting to steal smiles from her ......... Post this if you are against Domestic Violence & Mental Abuse . ? 
Apparently in 2009 , 4,153,237 people got married . ... umm ... shouldn't that be an even number ? 
I just kicked the bucket ... Thank goodness it was empty 
\Working out at the gym ! \ " - ( Seems to be everyone's status on Facebook's the day after changing their relationship status to single . ) " 
My puppy is staring at the walls again ... W ? h ? y ? ? a ? r ? e ? ? y ? o ? u ? ? r ? e ? a ? d ? i ? n ? g ? ? w ? h ? a ? t ? ? I ? ? c ? r ? o ? s ? s ? e ? d ? ? o ? u ? t ??? 
Dont forget .. No refusal weekend ! Be safe everyone ! 
Repost this as your status update if you hate status updates that tell you to repost something .. 
I just had the greatest weight lifted off of my shoulders ! Life is good .. I finally feel amazingly happy again .. Now , I just need my car and back to work hopefully soon !! 
A nice gesture on Independence Day is to return someone home that you've kidnapped . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Cook 
I'm just typing words in a box for you to read .. 
What do I do when I see someone EXTREMELY GORGEOUS ? I stare , I smile & when I get tired , I put the mirror down ... 
If it wasn't for all that you tried to do I wouldn't know just how capable I am to pull through So I wanna say thank you ' Cause it Makes me that much stronger , Makes me work a little bit harder Makes me that much wiser So thanks for making me a fighter Made me learn a little bit faster Made my skin a little bit thicker Makes me that much smarter So thanks for making me a fighter 
The best way to end a Fbook conversation : Just \like\ " their last comment ... " 
A true friend is someone who sees the pain in your eyes while everyone else believes the fake smile . 
My heart hurts so bad .. I dont know what to do :( oh , I was laying on a pencil ! Whew , much better now :) 
I think I will sleep for one month :) 
Yup .. I sure did and I am all smiles :) 
breakfast anyone ? 
Insanity is doing the same thing over & over again & expecting different results . In other words , I just logged into Facebook ... 
My internet went down for a bit .... I think my neighbor forgot to pay the < PROPMALE > . How irresponsible ... 
Some people who copy and paste statuses from other people's status messages are just plain weird \ 
A few seconds ago • Like • Comment 
I put the laundry soap in the washer and started it .. Then proceeded to go get the laundry , but was distracted by my phone .. And just remembered , one hour later .. My washer just got a cleanin ! 
Date night at Buffalo Wings and Rings :) 
I finally figured out what mosquitoes are for ... They're God's way of making us slap ourselves . So when you are getting attacked , you probably just need a good slappin ... 
I hate being bi-polar . It's awesome !!! 
I dont get mad or sad .. Instead , I get rebellious ! 
amazing :) 
on news just now , someones dog dug under fence and ended up attacking a child , and what happens .... owners get a felony charge , jail , and dog is to be put down .. But a sorry excuse of a mother doesn't report her child missing for 31 days and then lies to authorities , etc and gets what .... FREE ! 
yep .. It's official :) 
I was just singing to my puppy and he bit my lip .. bad .. I think he was trying to tell me something ? 
I love to watch you laugh and smile ......... I love it when you take my hand and let me know you believe in me ...... Now that you're in my life , baby I know exacly who I am 
Hmm ... Am I happy ? \ 
I do believe the answer to this question is ... Yes !!!! :) very much so . :) \ 
This status was made possible by ... Well , you know who you are . :) 
If i had three wishes , id give back two cause` the only important one for me is to be with you !! 
Can I get some opinions on my new look ?.. I look and feel incredible and I owe it all to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Schacherer !! I asked for subtle , neutral , and natural look .. I think she did an awesome job ! 
Going to the pool with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Schacherer and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !! 
Don't you just hate it when people say stuff in their status that you really didn't want to know ? I hate that . Anyways , I gotta go poop .. ttyl 
Have you ever loved someone so much , one thought of him can make the whole world disappear and you realize you never knew love before or since the day you met him :) I do ! I do ! You've had my heart all along and always will < PROPMALE > Vale Hodge :) 
This wedding has the most amazing looking people ! The bride is a model .. And these guys are huge flirts . Im blushing :) 
So much for Hollywood ! Sorry Marky-Poo ! I'm going to New York ! 
I am at The Garden of Cranesbury View outside of New Braunfels .. This is definately where I would like to get married .. Absolutely beautiful . 
I tried living every day as if it was my last , but all that did was ruin my credit ... 
I'll pray for you ... \ 
I pray your brakes go out runnin ' down a hill\ 
I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill\ 
And knocks you in the head like I'd like to\ 
I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls\ 
I pray you're flyin ' high when your engine stalls ... \ 
I pray all your dreams never come true\ 
Just know wherever you are , < PROPFEMALE > , I pray for you . :) 
Dear Facebook , Please stop asking me what's on my mind .... I'm gonna get myself in trouble if I keep spilling my guts to you ... 
<---- Eating a yummy breakfast ... I'm thinking : ( uh oh ) so .... blood is thicker than water , but < PROPFEMALE > syrup is thicker than blood . In conclusion : pancakes are more important than family . 
I told < PROPFIRST > I was going back to sleep and he called me a bum ! Can you believe it ? My response : I was always told to follow my dreams , and there is only one place to do that ... In my sleep 
Wow !! < PROPFIRST > said that at 3 PM , the same time the baby killer was aquitted , a bolt of lightning struck the tree that the baby was found under . 
I would have to say I am the happiest woman alive :) 
TEIAM - problem solved ... 
I'm trying to think of something funny to say in hopes of putting a smile on everyone's face .. I cant think of anything .. Oh wait ! CODY ... HAHAHA .. Now thats funny ;) 
I told < PROPFIRST > I needed to put my face on and we would meet him . He said put on perfume cuz you smell .. So < PROPFEMALE > is overloading me with perfume ! Haha 
Having lunch at Mamacitas with clients- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Schacherer , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Jentsch , and Peyton Plainer .. Serious business ! 
Dear Math , grow up and solve your own problems . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Someone asked me if I was on a deserted island , and could only have one thing , who or what would it be .... \That is a dumb question .. I'd have a boat .. Duh ! \"" 
I'm thinking that if women ruled the world there would be no wars ..... Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other , making up the next day , and repeating the process indefinately .... 
I'm getting off this computer now !... Grr .. It's whooping me at hearts , and I had a great winning streak going ! ( I bet I cant beat it at Karate and kickboxing though ) 
At the Heights pool with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
I cant see what photos you are commenting on ... The internet on my phone is not working . :( 
I've been getting crazy texts from my ex lately ... So I find out today that it is his new girlfriend pretending to be him .. Can you say psycho ? Why are most girls so immature ... 
My new password is MickeyGoofyPlutoDonaldAustin , Facebook told me it had to be at least 4 characters long and include at least one captial ! 
Just when my optimism is at its peak , something else goes wrong .. I'm ready to hippy out and live in a tree somewhere ! GEEEEZ ! 
I am the greatest Hearts player alive ! On that note , I am going to try to get back to sleep .. Good night :) 
So .... I am meeting a friend for lunch .... Hmmm ... I hope he doesn't bring up that Farmville invite I ignored . 
My advice : Always follow your dreams ..... except for that one where you're naked at work ... just saying . 
I have never had a splinter in my entire life guys ! ( knocks on wood ) ... darn ! Ouch ! 
I shot my first turkey yesterday ... It scared the everyone in the frozen food section ... People are weird .... 
People think I’m too patronizing ( that means I treat them as if they’re stupid ) . 
Does anyone have a FREE car for sale ? 
?? q ? uo p ?? oq ??? ? ? nq ? ???? ? s ?? ??? s ? s ??? 
My mom says I'm a little immature , but ( haha-I said \butt \") I'm not . " 
I am really pround of myself right now ... I just finished this puzzle in less than 2 days , but the box said \2 years + \"" 
After some tough days , my girl really put a laugh in me .. Love my friends 
Yep .. I tried to drink these sorrows away .. and somehow I swallowed a bug .. wtf ????? 
I was about to do something awesome , again , but I told myself ....... \Enough is enough ! That's plenty of awesomeness for one day ..... \"" 
I am at a place right now where I can do anything .. Make a big move , take baby steps .. Or just let the Lord do all the walking for me ! ( Cuz I know there will be no driving since my car is still in the shop ) 
She can deal with stress and < PROPFEMALE > heavy burdens . She smiles when she feels like screaming , and she sings when she feels like crying . She cries when she's happy and laughs when she's afraid . Her love is unconditional . There's only one thing wrong with her . She forgets what she's worth 
-- ^v -- ^v -- ^v -- ^v-___________^v -- ^v -- ^v -- Whoa !.... For a second there , I was bored to death ... 
( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Schacherer , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jentsch , < PROPFIRST > Neinast ) How about a little truth or dare ? - :) ~ 
I cant get back to sleep ! 
I{m j4us . t cle'a]ni . ng m , y ke]yb29oa ; rd 
8 1/2 inches :( 
This last week has been amazing ! I hope it stays this way :) 
I get my new phone on Thursday ! Yay ! I'll be back in business soon ! 
ALERT !!! ALERT !!! Please share this status for 1 hour to support all those you know who have health problems . Vodka and ice will ruin your kidneys - Rum and ice will ruin your liver - Whiskey and ice will ruin your heart - Gin and ice will ruin your brain - Coke and ice will ruin your teeth . Apparently ice is lethal !!! Warn all your friends : Lay off the ice !! Copy & paste this immediately , it could save a life ! 
< PROPFIRST > Neinast locked his keys in the truck yesterday . We were so worried because it took him two hours to get me and < PROPMALE > out . Wheww !! 
On a Korean kitchen knife :\ 
Warning : keep out of children ..... \ 
( hmm ... something must have gotten lost in the translation ... Lets at least hope so ) 
Wishes i could tell you what i am thinking ... but i just can't seem to find the right words . 
I wonder if anyone else has ever had so many feelings going on at the same time , that it starts to feel as though you can't really feel anything at all .. 
I need my car so bad right now .. I think I'm losing my mind !! 
If he has done you any wrong or owes you anything , charge it to me . \ 
Philemon 18\ 
Moral : Forgive all who have wronged you and let it go .. The only one unforgiveness hurts is you .. Let go and let God :) 
They call me The Gangsta of Love 
My mom went to grab the salt to shake on her fries-Instead she grabbed her drink .. It took 2 shakes and her drink on the floor for her to realize it .. 
Too scared to take the < PROPMALE > and this girl doesnt < PROPMALE > fear .. I < PROPMALE > joy and freedom ! 
Have faith in The Man , and stay Focused on His plan , and everything will be A-0kay ! 
Ok . Im bored sooooo ....... \ 
Say you were a serial killer . Here are the rules :\ 
Go to your profile and look at your friends on the left side . \ 
1st person turns you in : < PROPMALE > Engbrock\ 
2nd person knows but doesn't tell anyone : < PROPFIRST > Neinast\ 
... 3rd person is your partner in crime : < PROPFIRST > Sanders\ 
4th person is your first victim : < PROPFIRST > Knapp (<PROPFIRST>'s idea , I'm sure)\ 
5th person tries ( may succeed ) to kill you : < PROPFEMALE > Tittle -So thats why < PROPMALE > turns me in ! He's in cahoots with < PROPFEMALE > . 
Its good to see you tonight :) 
Change of plans ! One of these days I'll figure it out ! Happy Monday everyone :) 
If you have something to say , please raise your hand , and place it over your mouth ;-) 
My phone has lost its marbles . I'm not getting texts or missed calls , but I am getting voicemails , so if you need me , call and leave a voicemail ! 
Going to be in Gonzales in 15 hours with my sister .. Perhaps I'll see some of you at Boomers !! 
Trying to figure out tonight . Gonzales or stay in ... Hmm .. Its all on you sis !! 
Gonzales bound ! Yay ! Hope to see most of you there ! 
Getting some Matamoras and headed home :) 
Home sweet home :) 
I've never liked gossip nit at least thinga always get back fo you and you find out who your friends are . People suprise you sometimes :( 
\very funny Scotty\ 
Too much drama at this place .. I need my var back so I can go job hunting ! 
I think I have said it all as nicely as I can and it isnt getting through to him .. I dont know what else to say without being mean . 
Its a great day to be alive . I see the sun still shining when I close my eyes . 
Had lunch , had a much needed manicure , and now going to watch a movie- with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Always fake it til you break it , cuz trust me eveything is breakable ! And as long as you move forward you'll break whatever holds you back :) 
The one who says it cannot be done should never interrupt the one who is doing it :) 
I think my dog finally realized that the dog in the mirror is really friendly when he is . 
My pup is so spoiled :) 
< PROPFIRST > said it perfectly : If someone's presence adds no value to your life , their absence will make no difference ! 
I am the least stuck up person you'll ever meet . I would walk up to a homeless person and speak to him the same as anyone if not with more love because of his struggle . I think and speak from the heart . I don't like when people judge others appearance . I know what it's like to struggle , to be broke , to be insecure . I am always upfront to everyone even if what I have to say isn't pleasant but you can ttrust that it's straight from my heart . :) 
QUOTE OF THE DAY ( COMPLIMENTS OF < PROPFIRST > JENTSCH ): \I wonder who wants my STD in this place \"" 
Had a wonderful saturday . Went to Wimberly , had dinner with great people , and played some cards at the house . Looking foward to waking up early for a double dose of the Word at church in the morning . :) :) 
< PROPFEMALE > has an amazing man and I am so happy to see her so happy !! 
Life is throwing me some insane twist and turns lately . I'm just going to smile , ignore it all , and let the Lord lead the way ! 
lost my phone :( 
Feels great to be off work and kicking back with my two favorite people . 
Although I've been sick I'll day , I've felt great ! A couple of weights have been lifted this week and I'm all smiles and just awesome :) :) :) :) 
Starting to feel a little rebellious ... 
It's no fun being sick .. Who started this ???? 
I can't do this anymore , my heart can't handle this . I can't breathe . I can't move . My body hurts everywhere . I'm done . t's over 
Sat at the pool , played football and frisbee , < PROPMALE > out with great people :) Awesome Saturday ! 
:) :) 
I think I have a brain tumor .. Or maybe just a headache .. 
For anyone who doesnt know yet , I am leaving soon and i'll be gone for a year . This friday I am going to have a super good bye bash ! Please be there to see me off . Bring hugs ! Call or text me for more info .. 830-221-0183 Please be here friday !! 
Courage comes from a French word meaning heart . To encourage is to put heart in .. Put your heart in someone today :) 
2 days til the big goodbye bash ! I wont be on facebook much over the next few days but you can always call or text me :) 830-221-0183 .. Hope to see you all on Friday ! Bring hugs and smiles ! 
At Dirty's with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > drinking water- and yes , I'm a pimp . 
Interesting fact : Men who kiss their wives every morning live an average of 5 years longer . :) 
I'm 2 miutes away ! Woo hoo ! 
Party is already getting started :) Its so great to see faces I havent seen in a LONG time .. Question is .. where is < PROPMALE > ??? 
30 minutes til the singing begins !! < PROPMALE > just showed up with the limo driver 
Taking time to smell the roses .. :) :) .. Life is beautiful . 
God loves us even if we dont forward those chain letters .. 
\Everyone talks about the early bird .. What about the early worm ? How'd that work out for him \"- anonymous " 
It seems a lot of my friends are facing struggles . I pray for all of you to have faith and cling tight to the promises of our Lord . I pray you throw the devil and his baggage behind you . Dont be the devils < PROPFEMALE > boy . And be sure to fart on him while he is behind you and downwind . you are all born for a purpose and that purpose includes greatness . Let go , let God . Be your awesome selves and know I love you !! 
My mom walked away frm the register at the pet store , so I asked the clerk to tell her that her total was $100 more than the actual amount . Priceless ! 
Can't believe what I just saw .. Or rather who I just saw ! Wow ! 
2 more days .. :) and :( 
My last night in New Braunfels for a while . I actually feel really bummed . :( 
It is your attitude not your aptitude that will determine your success . I prefer to work with someone who is less talented and has a good attitude than someone who is very talented and has a bad attitude . –Joyce Meyer 
Everything is cleaned , packed up and ready to go . Leaving in 20 minutes ! Woo hoo ! 
Made it just in time to boogy over to my old church and see familiar faces . And some new faces too :) 
