It's my sister's wedding day ... =) 

Just had an amazing weekend ... < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding was the high light of the year ... Now I just have to recoup from massive oral surgery ( pictures of both to come later ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Tovah u'Metukah . May this year bring Joy , Health , and Happiness 
And here comes 2011 may it be all that it's cracked up to be 
Happy Passover to all !!! 
52 Hours till Italy !!! 
12 hours and counting ... ITALY !!! 
6 hours .... work just drags on ... 
Back in NYC ... Italy was amazing 
Well the time has come ... 4 weeks from today I will return to the correct coast ... California , here I come . 
Well my 2 years are almost up ... 1 week left in NYC . I'm glad I got to spend a Sunday with my Loud Noises . Cali here I come ... 
Last day of work in NYC ... then pack ... and head west !!! 
Well my last day at RAP-POS could have gone smoother ... but the people there were/are great . Thanks for the memories . 
Back on the west coast ... Feels right ... \ 
\ 
NYC ... And the NY crowd ... Thank you for two amazing years 
To the members of the Tribe ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... My this year be joyful , blessed and sweet . 
Sorry to steal < PROPFEMALE>'s status ( minor changes ) ... but it's perfect\ 
In the spirit of Yom Kippur ( the Jewish Day of Atonement for the new year ) and looking forward to a re-begining in Los < PROPFEMALE > - To all those in my life that I have wronged in the past year , whether intentionally or accidentally I am truly sorry . And for all of those that have wronged me in the past year , you are forgiven . Have a quick and easy fast ! 
Check out my Bruins !!! U-C-L-A ... Fight , Fight , Fight 
WOW ! What a fabulous birthday ! Thank you everyone who made today what it was , in person , on the phone , txt message , or via facebook ... It all meant so much to me ! 
Go Giants !!! 
Almost in Fontana ... I'm on my way to NASCAR for work .... 
NLCS ... woot !!! Go Giants !!! 
And the Giants go up 3-1 ... 
Giants go up 3 - 1 !!! 
56 years in the making .... GIANTS WORLD CHAMPS !!! Hell yeah !!! 
I am thankful for many things in my life , my amazing family , from immediate to extended , my fabulous friends , being home for Turkey Day for the first time in 3 years , and of course being able to return to the correct coast . HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!! 
Happy Hanukkah to all and to all Eight Crazy Nights !!! 
Apartment approved ... I will be in my new home on January 7th ... YAY !!! 
Who's got the Madness ??? 
March Madness should be recognized as a holiday ... all sports loving people should get the days off ... and go to Vegas 
< PROPFEMALE > representing the PAC-10 with < PROPMALE > pride and skill ... watch out !!! 
