wishes all a very very awesome new year full of laughter and joy . 

is sad that she's shorter than the shortest semi-finalist on cycle 13 of ANTM (<PROPFEMALE>'s French accent is SCARY ) . 
finds a good mix of farming , socializing , and killing monsters to be very therapeutic . 
is hoping in vain for sunshine ... 
is back from Alaska ! 
feels old after watching the sixth < PROPMALE > Potter movie . 
is sick ? 
is sick , but not badly . 
is having fun at work . 
believes that summer has indeed arrived . 
is excited about mural painting ! 
paints some more mural . 
has finally completely uploaded her Alaska pictures . 
is looking forward to < PROPFEMALE > Saturday in the park . 
is working on new profile pic as E-28 . 
needs to buy newer karaoke songs . 
has joined the Harvard Ballroom Team ! 
is super excited about the first day of dance practice ! 
is leaving work for some down-time before dance (!!!) . 
realizes that she probably can't afford ( staying alive-wise ) to pig out on sweets around Harvard Square everytime she has dance practice . 
is ready to kick some bacteria butt ! 
is feeling odd . 
never realized that there was Boston Fashion Week . 
proves to be awesome at picking out paint colors . 
sees that People's Republic of < PROPFEMALE > turns 60 today , but finds Mom's birthday more important . 
is super excited that < PROPMALE > season 2 has started !!! 
clearly needs to transfer new pictures from her camera to her computer . 
was too busy watching Castle last night ( fashion ! murder ! mayhem ! ) to upload pics . 
is using the excellent combination of juice and calories to tip the balance between sickness and health . 
is sad to discover that 8+ hours of sleep is needed to keep this old(er ) body going . 
feels satisfied with where she is in life for the first B(ig)day in a long time . 
has the most amazing friends ever . 
Castle > shopping . 
dislikes how utterly miserable the weather outside is . 
wishes it was as warm out as the < PROPFEMALE > blue sky with wispy clouds seems to indicate . 
is scared of the weather tomorrow . 
is looking forward to Homecoming weekend . :) 
does not like sickness . 
is at Amherst !!! 
finds Harvard Ballroom Team kind of amazing . <3 
brightens your day . 
wants more sunshine ! 
needs some Castle , now . 
has a long but exciting work day . 
won't have any wisdom teeth left in 24 hours . :( 
' s doctor is sick ... so all her preparations for pain is not needed for another two weeks . 
wants to know who ( is in Boston and ) wants to see Avenue Q ! 
raked some leaves this weekend ! 
wants buffalo chicken chowder for lunch . :*( 
wants < PROPFIRST > Swift's dresses from the CMA . 
now knows that flu vaccines are not friends . 
sill isn't friends with her flue vaccine ... 
is feeling > 70% and can stop letting work get delayed . (= happiness ) 
is sub-sub-optimal again . :( 
This actually works ! : The Facebook Trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , enter key then right click . Then press up then down & magic circles will appear ! Put this as your status IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! 
cannot speak due to throat pain . This brings back memories of the first few days of school at Ramapo Middle . Hopefully , this time there won't be racial slurs thrown around . 
can speak again ! ( As long as you ignore the occasional bouts of severe coughing . ) 
is ready for Baltimore ! ( Is Baltimore ready for Hua ? Maybe not ... ) 
gets to visit the Baltimore Aquarium again !!! 
has landed in Boston and is back at work . :D 
needs to reset because the recent bout of failing Westerns clearly indicates there is a bug in the system . 
invites you to feel the magic of the holidays by visiting the < PROPMALE > Potter exhibit at Museum of Science Boston on Dec . 12 ( Sat ) . 
is looking for her face again ( where is that camera cord ?! ) . 
??????????????????????????????? 
?????????????????? 
needs to Wii Fit Plus more in order to stay in shape for dance ( why yes , that does count ) . 
is looking for a wallet ... Bed , Bath , & Beyond shoppers/employees ... please be kind and save it from being ravaged until I can go back to your shop . T_T 
thanks the kind soul who turned in her wallet , and dislikes whoever took $100 out ( holiday shopping now looks a lot less happy ) . 
is singing Christmas songs ( to all of you ! ) . 
wishes all a very < PROPFEMALE > Gift-Giving+Receiving Day . :) 
thanks < PROPMALE > Ch and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > for the gorgeous additions ( especially the personalized jacket that she's showing off at work today ) to her closet and the giant hole in her wallet . <3 
????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
hopes everything starts off a great new year with an awesome day ! 
is going to eat ice cream cake before lunch . :D 
must eat lots of sticky and crunchy food before Thursday morning ! 
wishes that her experiments would WORK when she's in the lab , especially when she's staying past normal going home time . D: 
has 28 teeth left . At this rate of loss ( 2/decade ) , she'll be toothless by age 160 ... not too bad . :| <-- currently cannot grin/smile 
is rehauling her facebook ... warning ... warning ... information and photos may ( dis)appear ... 
is hungry . 
is rewatching the first half of Knock Knock Loving You ( the only portion worth watching ) . 
hasn't yet watched this week's episode of Castle ( and thus is failing at life !!! ) . 
is keeping her lab notebook up-to-date . 
is already hard at work ! 
is going to see if Chinese dance is in her future . 
has sore muscles from dancing too hard this weekend . 
wants a nap . 
now believes in the \bad things come in threes\ " proverb . " 
has finally made it to Part III of Janeway's Immunobiology book . 
is awed by how 30 minutes can triple her RAM . <3 
??????????????????????????????????? 
must pick a topic for her faux-NIH < PROPMALE > by 6pm today . 
must work hard today so that she can go home before the super heavy snowfall starts . 
plans to visit < PROPMALE > ( < PROPMALE > Potter ! Sun ! ) during April's long weekend ( go Patriot's Day ! ) . 
wishes figure skating is earlier in the evening . 
needs to figure out when to visit Amherst . 
must practice International Foxtrox ( down up down up up down down up up down up down up up down down up down ... ) 
got her You're Beautiful Director's Cut DVD Set ! So much <3 
slept away some sickness , but the headache remains . 
is amazed at her current theory about the intestinal immune system vs . commensals vs . pathogens , but has no clue how to test it . 
must stop attempting to justify researching a decade-long NIH < PROPMALE > and actually write something doable in 3 years . 
is getting ready for Boston Restuarant Week(s) ! 
has finally narrowed her school list to 19 from 50+ , and is ready for advice/suggestions come next week's meeting . 
is craving blueberry mochi ice-cream . 
is at AMHERST ! 
is all RAWR for no reason . 
can't believe application season is essentially here . 
likes mulled cider . 
is trying to absorb toll-like receptors . 
is boggled by the dark clouds outside . 
???????????????? 
is going to write like crazy today and sleep tomorrow . 
has turned in her < PROPMALE > proposal ... Mwahaha ! 
is super-excited about the upcoming Cherry-Blossom-Ballroom-filled Saturday . 
hopes that everyone can find one thing to do from now on to decrease their strain on our planet in honor of this Earth Day . 
is going to have an awesome Saturday . 
had an AMAZING Saturday . 
is all :3 about Greece . 
is absolutely in love with her new iPod nano ... video and radio !!! <3 
is done with class !!! ( AMCAS , here I come ! ) 
is 1 week away from Greece ! <3 
is finally done with classwork and can start packing ... after sleep and work . 
is on the island of Mykonos !!! 
is now moving on to Santorini ! ( Beautiful sunsets , here I come ! ) 
is back in ( and around ) Athens ( < PROPFEMALE > ) for 3 more days . 
is wearing blue today to properly hono(u)r Poseiden at Cape Sounio(n ) . 
is determined to stay up for another 30 minutes in order to become fully readjusted to Boston-time . 
is organizing the 1000+ ( NOT counting the ones taken by Daguang and Huihui ) photos from Greece . 
is celebrating the long weekend by binging on < PROPFIRST > Lambert ( bring on the glam ! ) . 
needs to focus on writing now so that she can be lazy when it gets hot in the afternoon . 
is officially going to be trying to see < PROPFIRST > Lambert when he comes to Boston ... any joiners ? Anyone ? 
is going to be super productive today and then see Sex and the City 2 . 
is being super productive today but won't see Sex and the City 2 till Thursday . 
misses the lamb from Greece ( organizing food pictures makes me hungry ! ) . 
is pumped for another day at work . 
thanks < PROPFIRST > Swift for the most wonderful evening !!! Today was indeed a fairytale . :) 
needed to finish these application essays last week ... 
must work ... and must work on essays ! Ahh ... dilemma !!! 
has not screwed up a wedding and wants to put that in her application essay . 
is now also tracking Germany ( serious threat to Spain ) through the World Cup . 
only has the research essay left to do !!! * throws confetti and ice cream everywhere * 
dislikes being sick and therefore being delayed with essay-writing . Also ... need more ice cream . 
must WRITE WRITE WRITE about her research . 
<3 s Spain for winning Group H today ( but in a nerve-wracking manner ) . 
is going to cheer for USA today and Germany tomorrow ! Football weekend !!! ( Research essay ? What essay ? ) 
I think I'm in love with Mesut Özil . 
is amused at how quickly Dartmouth sent out the 2nd app , but is not amused by the price tag . 
SPAINNNNNNNNNN 
is wondering WTF Spain is doing ?!?! OMG ... my red+yellow nails are going to waste !!! 
YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SPAIN MADE ITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT 
has her fingers crossed for Spain ( but thinks Germany is going to revenge Eurocup 2008 ) . 
still can't quite believe that Spain has made it to the finals !!! 
is repairing her nails in preparation for the big day tomorrow . 
hopes the Spanish team is eating something right now . 
wants Spain to kick the damn ball into the back of that net * . * Netherland's net . 
YESSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( Also ? < PROPFIRST > Villas's foot clearly needs some therapy . ) 
can finally focus on work+school again . :) 
is so sleepy . 
work work work 
encourages all to see Inception . 
is already at work and would be :) but instead is :( due to need for sleep ... 
is exhausted ... sleep now . 
loves her new Logitech keyboard but dislikes the fact that it leeches her laptop battery power to the point where the low warning alarm went off at 4am . 
is in despair after four hours of failing to find a suit . 
is feeling nauseated ... 
is not going to be beaten down by a mere ( mysterious ) illness ! 
is full from pizza and crazily excited for < PROPFIRST > Lambert's concert tomorrow !!! 
is stunned . < PROPFIRST > Lambert actually really does sound better live . O_O 
' s voice is still not recovered from Monday night's concert ... will it okay in time for Friday's concert ? 
is ready for < PROPFIRST > round 2 ! 
is super pleased with the party that was < PROPFIRST>'s Cohasset stop , even though his voice was not 100% . 
needs more sunlight . 
< PROPFEMALE > Collins says the funniest stuff . Just spent the last hour laughing thanks to his awesomely entertaining interview answers . 
mustttt keeppp writingggggggggg .... zzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
is at 4105 characters . 1605 must die for < PROPMALE > . ( Ohhh my precious precious characters ... ) 
only needs to kill 200 more characters !!! 
Two down , thirteen to go ! 
thanks < PROPFEMALE > Castroverde for getting my computer up and running !!! ( Windows 7 is installing right now ! ) 
Six down , nine to go ... 
Oh ho ho ! Three more completed ~ ! 
ate cake . 
has only three apps left ! 
????????????????????????????????? 
believes it is nearly time to super-pamper mom . 
throws confetti for finishing all of her secondaries ! 
is one big ball of relaxation . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Sante ! 
finished watching \Change\ " and is dazzled once again by Kimura Takuya . " 
just drank down some mighty delicious hot chocolate consisting of roughly 1 part water , 3 parts milk , and 3 parts truffles . :) 
is cold . 
is home ! 
My body is displeased with the lack of hydration over the weekend . Fixing that now with water . And sugar . 
Just a long nap/short sleep before heading to San < PROPMALE > . 
is still tired but kind of in love with UCSD . 
is feeling slightly under the weather ( even with the sunshine ... ) . 
doesn't want to think anymore about < PROPFIRST > Dahmer and is going to sleep after 30 minutes of brain bleaching instead . 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
needs a new profile picture ... 
is apparently well-liked by the South . Glad the feeling is mutual . :) 
is going to do some Just Dance 2 tonight so that she can eat cake sans guilt tomorrow . 
Well , you can't get them all . Now just waiting to hear from Hahvahd and the other NYC schools . 
is back from LA with delicious cupcakes !!! Those of you who move in the same circles as me tomorrow may just be lucky enough to get a sample ! 
has entered into ( serial killer ) analysis mode . 
is done with class and is excited to be soon roasting marshmallows in front of the fire ! 
thanks the Obama Administration ( and many of the military brass ) for recognizing the sacrifices that ALL of military personnel are making for this country . 
wishes all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ( also known as \Gift Giving and Receiving Day\ " and \ " Saturday \")" 
wants to smack NCBI BLAST for not loading ! ARGGG !!!!!! 
thanks Huihui Ye and Daguang Wang for a great meal of hotpot !!! 
finally set up a Roth < PROPFIRST > account ... and then accidently put money in for 2011 also . Surprisingly happy retirement account = very sad bank account ... 
is now for sure going back to school this coming fall !!! 
has brought a freak snow/ice storm to Atlanta ... 
needs to celebrate passing the first $100 gain in retirement ! 
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Did I just hear that the US government plans to be #1 in the world with \number\ " of college graduates within the decade ? I sure hope that was suppose to be \ " percent\ " unless the government is going to implement some < PROPMALE > child-birth incentives to try to beat out < PROPFEMALE>'s giant population ... " 
I feel like when children hit obstacles during their education , whether academic or personal in nature , parents , teachers , and schools play the blame-game . Are there going to be efforts to educate the educators in a child's life ? 
Education of a child towards a sucessful future is not only about academic and skill-based exellence but also about teaching a child to think and to push towards their own goals . 
Teachers AND parents are both involved in raising a child . Are there going to be efforts to increase collaborate efforts between these two groups ? 
????????????????????????????? 
' s back hurts from shoveling snow ... miso soup and nigiri will make it better . 
is awake . 
wishes all a happy Chinese/lunar new year !!! 
is going to eat green tea cake tomorrow until her stomach explodes . 
is really pleased to see such amazing and diverse talents being honored at the Grammy's . 
is excited to experience 50F tomorrow . 
can't wait to live in a place where seeing snow in winter usually requires actual effort on her part . 
cannot believe what she is seeing as the preview for Supernatural ... must watch !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Hathaway's white dress ... stunning !!! 
must not die from cold winds tomorrow . 
needs to remember the difference between ??? and ???. 
