What's the point of having a reusable bag if you are going to put cigarettes in it ? 

New CD !!! Album : Ashes of the Wake Artist : Lamb of God 
loves to be spontaneous while visiting family . After driving a thousand < PROPMALE > it is great to just be random . 
Is making a map using MS Paint . Very Frustrating 
Is reading Meditation on First Philosophy by René Descartes 
Nothing 
saw < PROPMALE > Schwartz and < PROPFEMALE > Hoeffel at the gas station 
Is back from a 12 mile bike ride 
Finished the Illiad 
Just saw < PROPMALE > . My eyes still bleed 
Just waiting for my new cd's to come in . 
Done with the weekend which was full of work 
Since minimum wage has gone up , I now make minimum wage . Hurray . 
Driving my jeep on a nice night , Lamb of God blasting through my speakers , the satisfaction of a good day's work , life is good 
In the presence of greatness the humble can only bow . 
New Labtop ! 
wishes he had more money 
Only in Woodbury does someone call the cops on a guy filling up bird feeders and watering plants . Now I know how Professor Gates feels . 
Just finished watching Deliverance . It was different . 
Movie and viking training camp . A good day . 
Just finished looking up song names for all my Death CD's . Oldschool metal rocks . 
Itunes takes awhile 
Stupid rain causing it to be hot and humid 
no longer works at CVS . It feels so weird . 
Packing for college , never knew I had so much stuff !! 
RIP < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . He deserves a bigger funeral than < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , but he will never get it . 
Loading up , ready to head to TU !! 
has finished packing his room in Tulsa 
Favre is a Viking . Nice 
It seems my voice has changed since I lost it last night . I can now screech . That is cool . 
Organzining my room 
I just ran for and hour and twenty minutes . I was out for an hour and thirty minutes , including water breaks . Self-overcoming is a beautiful thing . 
Anyone up for seeing Inglorious Basterds ? 
You've got to realize your limits 
just finished an hour long run . It amazes me that five months ago I couldn't even run a mile . 
Just started watching the game . I missed the Peterson touchdown . :( 
Angels don't kill 
is Hall President ! Can anyone say peaking early in life ? 
is finished with the presentation he was working on for english . 
just finished a very rough draft for my Honor's class paper . 
Tulsa might be the best football team in Oklahoma . 
Why are those little online games that link to dubious prizes always so much fun ? 
Back from the council of Foriegn Relations meeting . 
The Album \Promethus : Disciple of Fire and Demise\ " by Emperor has finally been added to Itunes . All hail the Might Emperor . " 
got back from watching my < PROPFEMALE > Hurricanes get demolished . I must say that going to Memorial Staduim is an experiance . 
Rest comes easy , to the guiltless . The vampire laments , as he prays , for the sun . 
It rains alot here 
Fifth fire alarm ! How hard is it to not burn your F'en popcorn ? 
The greatest weapon in my arsenal in my war on stupidity is common sense . 
Weekends alter my sleeping habits too much . I hate eight o'clock classes on Mondays . 
I am so blinded by my own delusions of genius I imagine the dunce cap upon my head to be a crown . 
Things are going right 
I wish I had an angel 
Three cups of coffee and an extra 20 minutes of sleep does wonders for you . 
So much for the freshmen 15 . I have lost almost 10 pounds since I got here . :( 
4 down stop on the goal-line . Nice ! 
It seems one of my favorite hobbies right now is insulting cowboy's fans . For example , our 39 year old quaterback is better then your 29 year old quaterback . Or , nice stadium I hope it compensates for your crappy team . 
Children of Bodom ! 
Supreme Vampyric Evil 
Two mid-terms yet I lack the < PROPFEMALE > to study . 
Circle of fire my baptism of joy at an end it seems The seventh lamb slain , the book of life opens before me 
A brilliant idea would be to put all the smokers in one dorm . 
I left the game and then Tulsa scores . :( 
We lost 
Follow your instinct It usually takes you home Don't let these words tear you down , down You see me hanging by the end of the rope I tell you .. Slow I go And the wait seems to be over . All I know Is that my life has become such a waste for you . 
Weekend starts now ! Done with classes for today ! 
Must work ! But I cannot . 
One Rode to < PROPMALE > Bay ( If anyone can name the band that wrote this epic , I will give them a gold < PROPFEMALE > ) 
I have read 400 pages since Friday . On a related note , I am feeling a little brain-dead . 
Got an A on both my midterms . 
' For only in the grip of darkness Will we shine amidst the brightest stars ' 
Took a night off from homework and reading . 
Anguish is realizing what could have been , but never was 
I just got back from running to clear the stress away of dealing with an idiot . Yes TV's were invented before 1995 and no , you cannot lift 4500 pounds on your own . 
Watching heavy metal covers of < PROPFIRST > Idol and REM never gets old 
Last night a little dancer came dancin ' to my door Last night a little angel came pumping on the horn She said , come on baby , you got a license for love And if it expires , pray help from above 
Getting to run on the field before the football team dress as a black metal Musician ? Am I in heaven ? 
I am Goth Now ! 
is trying to decide what to do for his term paper . It looks like he will either do a paper about NATO's intervention in Kosovo , or the way the conflict has impacted Serbia . 
Angst ridden song lyrics make great facebook statuses . Like this if you agree ! 
I am unsure of how to make progress on my term paper . 
I fall like a burning < PROPFEMALE > 
Sitting on the U+ writing a philosophy paper+ listening to lamb of god = the good life 
has no idea what to do for Dinner . Anyone have any suggestions ? 
POSTING IN CAPS LOCK MAKES FOR DRAMATIC AND EMOTIONALLY CHARGED STATUSES . LIKED IF YOU AGREE1 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works :D 
Oprah's show is ending ? Somewhere a ton of middle-aged women with no lifes are crying . 
is back in Woodbury . Lock up your daughters ! 
\Freedom in capitalist societies is the same as freedom in ancient Greece : the freedom to say \ " THIS IS SPARTAAAAAAAAA ! \"\" ( kick ) - Vladimir Lenin " 
Finished one term paper ( sort of ) and ready to begin another . 
Just finished running an 8K race !!! 
Demi Lovato apperently likes Dimmu Borgir and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . +1 for True Metal . 
Is back in Tulsa . Lock up your daughters ( again) ! 
Does anyone have a copy of the most recent South Washington County Schools bulletin ? Because if they do I have a question for them and I would be very grateful for an answer . 
wants finals to hurry up and get here . The wait is terrible . 
And then she came forth , the < PROPMALE > goddess Her crying hymns were calling for me I followed her through the eternal vast < PROPMALE > And so , so I found myself lost there in ... -Vittra 
Off to the dance 
Had a blast at the dance and I won a Wii !!! 
My eyes feel so heavy when the stars are calling me . So tired .... So tired , but I must go on , I must finish fullfill my duties . 
12.57 . That is the amount of credits I will have to take on average to graduate with a double < PROPMALE > over the next 7 semesters . Would be interested in any ideas about certificates , minors , or triple < PROPMALE > ing . Please post . 
Had fun shopping for once . 
was just outside without a jacket or sweatshirt and had two foriegn students tare at me in shocked . +1 for Minnesotan blood . 
done with my English essay ! 29 pages ! Now I just need to proof-read . 
My essay is now 33 pages , 9,723 words , and about 40 cups of coffee . 
I have lost ten pounds since this school started . FML 
My pokemon rules ! 
Is bored . Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Is home 
I got an A in Philosophy ! Yippeee skippeeee ! 
4.0 GPA for the First Semester ! Now it's time to party ! 
bioshock is a fun game 
Would you kindly ? 
My family listened to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > while driving . It was lolsville ! 
wishes some people would reply to his emails . 
likes this simple life . 
is reading fiction for fun . I haven't done that in a very long time . 
Yet for our blunders - Oh , in shame ; Earth beareth no balm for mistakes - 
This thorn in my side is from the tree I've planted 
I finished my homework for the weekend ! Hurray ! 
is considering becoming an RA . Someone talk him into it or out of it . 
\You say that's what she said all the time \"- Lydia \ " Well that is because girls talk a lot \"- Me " 
Ash to Ash , Dust to Dust , Fade to Black 
Is feeling lucky 
Anyone interested in taking me grocery shopping before the storm ? 
Two classes cancelled ! 
They rescheduled the Lecture to overlap with the superbowl ? Ick ! 
Is confussed about how to handle his day . 
Any one heading to Target or Wal Mart soon ? 
Just had a class cancled today . It was also cancled in the \blizzard\ " on Thursday . Over a week without class and a test coming up . Hurray . " 
Is in Arkansas . 
4 < PROPMALE > in 32 ish minutes . An 8 minute pace . I am starting to enjoy running . 
Serj Tankian is coming to Tulsa ! He will be in < PROPFIRST > Hall on February 26th . 
Is rather bored and wishes other people wouldn't get behind on their homework . 
Killed Pineapple Hiteler 
Your beatings will continue until my morale has improved . 
Sleep over in my room . Poor < PROPMALE > . 
Feels like a slacker 
Wants to know where the day went 
Just got 15 points of Extra credit in Spanish ! Woot . 
Is an RA at the < PROPFIRST > next year ! 
If you sit there and think about it , our country is at war and most of us aren't doing a thing to help it . We just sit and complain about things that aren't really that important . 
Doesn't know 
is going to lock his door now at night . Because that guy scared him shitless 
Had a great time with Family and Friends this weekend . 
Questions are a burden , And answers a prison for oneself . 
Destroy Destroy Destroy 
Wishes to know other's thought processes . Only then could I understand the dangers of vacuum guns . 
The essay of 5-7 pages starts with a single word . 
Anyone feeling like taking me to the airport around 2 o'clock on Friday ? 
\A Matter of Life and Death\ " is such a haunting album " 
will be back in Woodbury from March 13 to March 21 . Call me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
needs to be a bit more productive over break 
The fact that more men are in jail than women is the greatest form of sexism in this country . 
Job hunting . Oh what fun . 
Is back in Tulsa . I didn't get as much work done as I wanted , but such is life . 
has hit a streak of good luck . 
Is ready for the zombies . 
is the zombie invasion dead ? 
Behold TU and tremble ! I have become death , consumer of flesh . 
The vikes should go for < PROPMALE > McNabb , if Favre doesn't agree to a timeline to decide . 
Hall government moved to wednesday at ten ! Get ready for an epic meeting ! 
Why did I sign up to take a desk shift this early ? 
Wonders where the nation is going . 
has been shot by a vacuum gun . 
needs to stop practicing his screamo , lamb of god-esque in public . It usually doesn't promote good reactions . 
Is anyone taking basic calculus next term ? 
The city will reap what it sows 
Hear me/ And if I close my mind in fear Please pry it open/ See me/ And if my face becomes sincere Beware/ Hold me/ And when I start to come undone Stich me together/ Save me/ And when you see me strut Remind me of what left this outlaw Torn 
Papers , tests , and award dinners . 
Class has been cancled for a 7th time this term . 
has defeated a balance moderate < PROPFEMALE > in AOM . 
is planning out his fortress of solitude for next year . 
is done with a term paper ! 
another fire drill . 
I'm the winner . 
just two weeks . 
I can get a 60 % on my final tomorrow and get an A in the class . Hurray . 
The die is cast but I don't know which side I < PROPFEMALE > . 
wishes he knew more about this econ final . 
Working from 12 to 3 every night , It really makes life a drag , I don't think that's right . 
Up 20 hours straight and counting 
waiting until 3 AM at Lafortune Desk again 
Term paper turned in . Let's hope for the best but prepare for the worst . 
returned home to find it sleeting . In may . :/ 
I have a 4.0 , I won close to $ 1,300 . 00 worth of stuff , and I made many good friends . I have had the perfect Freshman year . 
might have a job . 
Oh sleeping stars , why are you so sad tonight ? \ 
Oh sleeping stars , will you shine for me tonight ? 
The higher you are\ 
The farther you fall\ 
The longer the walk\ 
The farther you crawl\ 
My body my < PROPFEMALE > \ 
This < PROPFEMALE > it tilts \ 
Step into the house that < PROPFIRST > built 
it was beautiful outside 
If you like this status , I will post on your wall\ 
something I like about you . Then post this as your status - share the \ 
love ! 
it rains a lot 
A lot less political or diplomatic disasters would occur if civilians didn't throw rocks at soldiers with guns . 
that wasn't as bad as expected 
Finished The History of Western Philosophy . Now to begin the Encyclopedia of Political Revolutions 
just found a bra in the trash at work . His mind is a cocktail of confusion , disgust , amusement , and curiosity . 
Lots of drama tonight and perhaps some poetic justice . 
< PROPFEMALE > , kicking ass for the last 234 years and counting . 
I am a force of nature . I am a god of old , mighty and free . I love my jeep . 
hates drama along with many other things . 
The one benefit of working in retail is the ability to swoop down upon anything that goes on clearance . I have at least a weeks worth of choclate now . 
What we've got here is a failure to communicate . Some men you just can't reach . 
Is back on Facebook 
The bookstore's prices seem cheaper this year . Anyone else notice that ? 
So it is possible to check out books for the whole summer . 
Is back in Tulsa ! 
There are a lot of bad drivers in the world 
Had fun sneaking into < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFIRST > Favre 
loves College 
Well my roommate situation seemed to resolve itself . 
So far , so good . 
I really need to buy lottery tickets . 
the most epic showdown ever . I am blown away by its magnitude . 
That was freaking weird !!! I am not leaving my room for the next couple days unless it is absolutely necessary . 
anyone want to go out to eat with me later ? 
This is an interesting idea :\ 
http://www.opencongress.org/bill/111-h4646/show 
So far today ( yesterday ) looks like a good day . 
Anyone else going to the football game ? 
That was a fun game . 
is done with homework for the weekend . Excuse me while I suffer an existential crisis . 
One of my classes is canceled tomorrow . Only one class on a monday is a good way to start the week out . 
New CD from The Abscence out today ? Good luck getting it . 
So one fire alarm wasn't enough for you ? Heaven help the fool who distrubs this hall for a third time . 
It seems every < PROPMALE > work by an English philosopher must start out with a definition of words . 
is back in Tulsa . Now to study for some tests and finish a paper . 
Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > Buras , 23 , < PROPMALE > Looney , 29 , < PROPFIRST > McLenden , 30 , < PROPFIRST > \ 
Smith , 26 , < PROPFEMALE > , 24 , < PROPFIRST > Balwin , 39 , < PROPFIRST > Wagstaff , 34 , \ 
< PROPMALE > McClellan , 26 , < PROPFIRST > Powell , 25 , < PROPMALE > Calhoun , 23 , and < PROPFIRST > \ 
Ose , 19 , are all U.S. Servicemen that laid down their ... lives this week in\ 
Afghanistan . No media attention . Honor THEM by posting 
My music is sublime because it terrifies my parents . 
will be going grocery shopping tomorrow , if any of my carless friends need a ride . 
has started to work on a term paper . I am launching a preemptive stick upon November . 
likes his internship . 
College websites are usually very poorly designed . Why ? 
is starting to feel a little bit more confident over this African Politics Midterm . 
At the time this was posted the national debt was 13,576,276,381,590 . The average debt per citizen was over 43,000 . Post the national debt to your status to raise awareness . 
New Dimmu Borgir Out Today ! Hurray !!! Must go and buy ! 
did not feel the earthquake of 2010 . 
doesn't understand . 
has been forgotten by everyone , it seems . 
Honors Midterm = :/ 
Porkchop sandwiches ! 
Abstract theory the weapon of choice\ 
used by a scavenger of human sorrow 
Class cancled today . That means I only have one class . 
wishes the caff would improve its food . 
started a term paper . 
Anyone want to go grocery shopping this weekend ? 
Yes ! Go Tulsa ! Beat the < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > Maki < PROPMALE > Koop 
oh look , I am writing about Socialism again . 
did not sleep well last night . 
Rand < PROPFIRST > ! 
You spin me right round , baby , right round\ 
like a record baby , right round round round . \ 
like a record baby , right round round round . 
realized a lot of things today . < PROPFEMALE > Dublin is a Genius at Math . Papa Johns is better than Mazzios . Tulsa's football team has definetly improved . And the Guys next door to me like to wrestle . 
Er .. umh so I guess the time changed . 
For the first time in I don't know how long I can look myself in the Mirror . 
Virgin Black is some kind of awesomeness . \ 
Dies < PROPFEMALE > , dies irae \ 
Dies < PROPFEMALE > , dies irae 
was made a sandwhich . 
No math class today ! 
Thank you to < PROPFIRST > DenHoed , < PROPFIRST > Ruff , < PROPFIRST > Foreman , < PROPFEMALE > Debus , < PROPFEMALE > J . Renker , < PROPMALE > El-Kishky , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Burkhart , < PROPFEMALE > Blum , and < PROPFEMALE > Dublin , for the great early birthday suriprise . 
Gardener , my weekend did not need that . 
I have term paper due Monday , a short essay assignment due Wednesday , A Hockett paper due thursday , and a math project due Friday . The next week looks black and troubling . But the light in the horizon of thanksgiving shines bright . 
What is wrong with people ? Seriously I have become so disillusioned with humanity ! 
done with a term paper ! 
I think I might get Kant . 
Which METALLICA song are you ? -- My Result : Master of Puppets . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/232344/referrals/status?aid=1003328816 
I am going to use the word black a lot more . So it appears as one of my most common words . 
Well I made it through my hell week . 
is back in Minnesota 
I can now bench press more than my body weight . Woot ! 
So I hate videos on Web CT . No pause button or way to rewind or fastforward . Worthless program . 
If anyone is on campus hit me up ! 
Thanks 
It is Black Friday ! 
Thank you to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Cowan for visiting me yesterday . 
is sitting outside on the U in a lawn chair , drinking a tasty beverage , wearing all white , reading a nice book , listening to heavy metal and not a soul around to tell him he is wrong . Happy place ? Most certainly ! 
I am glad I decided to watch the end of this one . 
Let's hope all three Oklahoma teams finish with ten wins . 
Yay ! My Tulsa peeps are getting back in today . Campus was weird and a little lonely without you . 
Alas ! Epic Moustache dies tonight ! 
It is done . Epic moustache is no more . 
We don't practice sharia law down in Muskogee ! 
They totally played rage against the machine at the dance . And I totally can move my neck now . 
Epic second place finish in risk . 
And Nebraska ended this season with three losses to the big twelve south . They never could dominate the big twelve , so it is time for them to go elsewhere . 
finished his spanish class for the semester and found out his African Politics class is only upon material after the Midterm . Plus he went to a fun party . Life is good . 
Love is a razor and I walked the line on that silver blade 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Case Dinning Center , wWhile I like Mashed Potatoes and Poultry as much as the next guy , enough is enough . Everytime I attend dinner that is always the main course . Also I think you guys should switch to a sign that says \The Ice Cream Machine is temporarily open\ " . It would be more truthful . That is all . " 
has been watching < PROPFIRST > Hitchens and < PROPFIRST > Buchanan talk about < PROPMALE > Perot , Rush Limbaugh , and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 90's nostalgia , anyone ? 
\The quality of mercy and absolution 
So apparently roomspray wipes permanent markers off whiteboards . 
wish me luck on my African Politics Final 
One final down , 2 to go . 
Just needs to get a 42 on the final tomorrow to get an A in the class . 
So yeah , it is rather warm here for December . 
done with Finals . Now we wait for grades . 
New Cradle of Filth CD ? How did I miss that ? 
there was way too many people at the mall today . 
is apparently decent at dance 2 , but only in the female role . 
WTF . They cancelled my flight tomorrow ! 
Got my grades in . Now I can finally relax . 
Congragulation ! If you are reading this message you mean something to me , by facebook friends standards anyway . What that meaning is , however , is very subjective . :P 
Good Job Tulsa ! I hope we have a top 25 finish ! 
ordered books for once without blowing the bank . It's a Christmas Miracle ! 
I am such a slacker when I am at home .... 
That Chile I ate had 540% of my daily recomended Vitamin C . Would that even be safe to consume ? 
I don't care what anyone says . Metallica rules . 
They say that lifes a carousel\ 
Spinning fast , youve got to ride it well\ 
The world is full of kings and queens\ 
Who blind your eyes and steal your dreams\ 
Its heaven and hell , oh well\ 
And they'll tell you black is really white\ 
The < PROPFEMALE > is just the sun at night\ 
And when you walk in < PROPFEMALE > halls\ 
You get to keep the gold that falls\ 
Its heaven and hell , oh no ! 
is back on 11th street . Being a homie . 
it really doesn't feel like class is starting tomorrow . 
Snowiness and Coldness ! Hurray , it finally feels like winter . 
Need to stop checking facebook . This is not break . THIS IS SCHOOL !!!! 
< PROPFIRST > Leach should coach at Tulsa ! 
back at college , where 100 pages should be read . 
Scorpio \ 
November 23 to November 29\ 
\ 
One week of awesome ! 
hates when professors ask why something is important , as it importance is some objective characteristic . It is relevative to the observer and a social construct . Do you mean important to you , to me , to the author , to individuals in history , or to civilizations in general ? 
can't sleep 
Open door hours ! Woot ? 
everyone is sick ! I cannot left myself get infected . 
ohh boy , there's a few inches of snow on the ground . 
Fight Club aka Rousseau : The Movie ! 
I won't be the victim , nor the first to cast a stone . 
one application down . I hope I get a bunch more done by the end of the week . 
sometimes things work out . 
Look at your status , now back to mine , now back to yours , now back to mine . Sadly , your's isn't mine . But , if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , your's could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like . I'm on a computer . 
CNN just said Tulsa could get anywhere from 16 to 31 inches of snow ! They said probably except 18 . BRING IT ON !!! 
No school Tuesday ! 
metal is stupid . 
Problem : On Call on a Snow day . \ 
Solution : Dance Party ! 
No school for the rest of the week . :/ 
Well , I now know what it is like to get hit in the back by a football player . 
is a noob . 
Rising food prices , linger effects of the economic meltdown , North Korean and Iranian nuclear weapons , protests from Tunisia to Serbia . Things are very tough in the developing world . 
With the rise of the internet I can no longer always tell if nonsensical memories are dreams or forum posts . 
If you get a < PROPMALE > , checkout < PROPFEMALE > 2 of the Collegian . 
RA's in the < PROPFIRST > deal with very , very odd things . 
Facebook Status poll : Glam Metal vs Thrash Metal . Which is your favorite ? 
I am going to be very busy until the end of the semester . 
anyone want to attend a black metal concert with me in april ? 
Does anyone else feel like it is not midterm yet ? 
the next two years of the president's term are being defined right now in the streets of North Africa and the Middle East . 
Sanctions won't work on Libya . A regime is fighting for its very survival , telling them you are cutting off trade is not one of their main concerns . 
Work , work , work . 
Who is < PROPMALE > Cain ? 
2 < PROPMALE > running and 2 < PROPMALE > of stairmaster . I am hungry . 
... --- ... 
.. ... / --- - . . / .... . -.- . -.- / --- .. - . / . - / -.- . --- -- -- --- - .. .. - -.-- / ... . -- . . -.- . .. - . - .. . - - --- . - . 
I really hope I get an apartment . 
is not happy . He won't be getting an apartment next year . 
so Egypt is backtracking on Democratic reforms as Coptic Christians are killed and Gaddafi is gaining ground in Libya . Nice Democratic moment , too bad it didn't last . 
just got accepted to research at the University of Pennsylvania ! That's < PROPFEMALE > league ! 
time to start planning a new schedule . 
went four for four on his midterms 
fire alarm 
It's Friday ! Fun Fun Fun ! Partying , partying , yah ! 
Libya's GDP per Capita = 12,062 \ 
< PROPFEMALE>'s GDP per Capita = 4,520 \ 
Russia's GDP per Capita = 10,521 \ 
Interesting statistics 
< PROPMALE > freaks his colleagues out . 
is giving up Coffee\ 
\\\ 
not 
has registered for classes ! 
late April fools ! 
can't wait until this week and next week are over . 
we made finalists , lol . 
boring readings are always better with some deathcore in the background . 
anyone else get a Phi Kappa Phi invite ? 
IT IS DONE 
It's finals time . Goodbye world for the next three weeks . 
youtube , quit recommending Lady Gaga for every metal or rock song I listen to . They are not related . 
One more day of classes ! 
vikings = fail 
good talks with old friends are one of the best things in life . 
It is far too cold to be May . 
So we took down Osama Bin Laden . There is such a thing as evil in the world and today there is just a little bit less of it . 
anyone want a free tv ? 
Come my friend , to fate let's raise \ 
Two finger shots at this our last soiree \ 
For tomorrow I fear \ 
Swoops all too deadly near 
You know the reason I have a mustache is because people have let me down . When I came to TU I thought I would see a lot of people from and these people from Texas would wear ten gallon hats and speak with an over the top accents . Bust instead they are all normal . So it fill my need for authentic Texas things , I will grow a ridiculous Texas mustache . Thanks for failing me , society . 
realizes how much he is going to miss his friends . :( 
Its funny , a building , a campus , a floor , can seem to have an atmosphere , a personality of its own . It acts and functions in its own unique way . It has its own guided evolution . Then in the course of a week it can simply disappear . Makes you wonder about us , the same thing only on a longer timespan . 
Grades are in . :) 
The < PROPFEMALE > Rule : Whoever has the gold , rules . 
I like that my town has roads that are 55 mph . I don't like that my town has temperatures that are 55 Fahrenheit . Especially in May . 
Has been tie dyeing shirts 
@andrewbrooks3 is my Twitter 
on Twitter now at @AndrewBrooks3 
leaves for Penn tomorrow . 
finally has internet at Penn ! 
with just enough frustration , you can sometimes find what you are looking for . 
At first I was like this :/ , then I was like this :) Now I am like this : ? 
probably walked 100 blocks today . My feet hurt . 
dislikes fire alarms 
Could the people who live above me scrape their chair against the floor any more ? Doing it every ten minutes for the last three days hasn't stripped me of my sanity , yet . 
Okay , I've got a riddle for you . What does entropy have to do with post-WWII Nordic Parliamentary elections ? 
So I had tapas and frozen yogurt last night . Best meal ever . 
Breakthrough ! 
If something hasn't been done before , there is probably a very good reason as to why . 
To espresso or not to espresso , that is the research question . 
Virus spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her , you get the virus too ! Please copy and paste to your wall . Confirmed on MSNBC and SNOPES .. please pass on !!!!! 
I saw Obama . 
An Albanian , a Moldavian , and a Wallachian walk into a Black Hebrew Israelite rally . 
I have self-diagnosed myself with adult onset ADHD . I cannot be blamed for any of my actions in boring situations . 
Double-shot of espresso . 
I shall be taking a trip from the University of Pennsylvania to Harvard University tomorrow . 
First homeless lady : Hello ! Can I talk to you all for a minute ? I have a young child that I really want to provide for . I have already used up my food stamps and I am pregnant again . I never drink and I don't use drugs . I am going to visit my kid and just want to bring him food to eat . \ 
Second homeless lady upon seeing me and < PROPFEMALE > Venjara give her money : Hey can I have some change ? 
Prof pushed my meeting up by a day . Need to finish a book , skim 3 articles , and write two short papers by tomorrow . Wish me luck . 
I'm not lazy . I'm an effort minimalist . 
Reading Hobbes with deathcore in the background feels reprehensible , yet also oddly fitting . 
Cemetery Gates- Pantera 
Too many people using the elevator . I am going to have to alter my sleeping schedule just to avoid them . 
My word count ! It's over 9,000 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is already applying for internships for next summer 
Motivation leads to Diligence . Diligence leads to Work . Work ... leads to Suffering . 
Does anyone know of any good programs for creating maps ? 
A terrorist attack in Norway ? Wow . I hope everyone is okay there . 
87 dead ? Kind of blows your mind when you think of it , that one man could commit such evil . 
Shoot for the stars . Even if you miss , you will crash into the < PROPFEMALE > . 
A class with no books required . My wallet is happy . 
google+ hangouts are a blast 
I think the manager at this pizza company doesn't exist . He is a running joke among employees to get me to call back so I can ask for donations again . 
Just got Microsoft Office 2010 
Well I presented at a national conference and went to a hilarious dance party . Pretty good weekend overall . 
Does anyone have a big box they are willing to give me ? 
\Would they could be tempted away from this life by ' eternal life ' . \ " It's national book week . Here are the rules : grab the closest book to you . Go to < PROPFEMALE > 56 . Post the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the title of the book . " 
Had a good last Friday in Philly ! I am going to miss my SUIPies ! < PROPMALE > Topaz , Tommy Anderson , Angelica Simmons , Christopher Mosley , Caitlin Burgdorf , and < PROPFEMALE > Venjara . 
One week from today , I will be driving to Tulsa . 
After watching planet of the apes I have a new respect for , and fear of , biomed students . 
Use google maps to look at 35 Sampsonia St , Pittsburgh , < PROPFEMALE > 15212 . Enjoy 
2011 , the new 1968 . 
Wow . The end of the best summer of my life . 
? I’m On My Way , \ 
I’m On My Way\ 
Home Sweet Home ? 
How ya gonna keep ' em down on the farm\ 
After they've seen Paree ' 
Could someone explain to me the logic behind secret menus at fast food restaurants and coffee shops ? 
Will help with move-ins for food ! 
Does anyone want to sell me a tv ? 
I believe some Amon Amarth is the proper music to accompany a reading of a Wagner piece . 
When it come to football , I don't look at wins only . Instead I look at wins per capita . This happens to be an area where Tulsa football is a national leader . 
I am already sick of mashed potatoes and chicken . This is going to be a long semester at Puck-Duck . 
I got a job ! 
Had a blast ! 
Does anyone want to join me on Student Association ? I need a senate < PROPMALE > ! 
It is like my hall is under siege by an army of OSU tents . 
Anyone want to give me a ride to the airport on Friday ? I will compensate time with food . 
So Tulsa lost to three top five teams . There is no shame in that . 
I don't feel like writing anymore for this paper . So I won't . :) 
nothing like a red eye and goth metal to help me get through some homework . 
Don't you like the moment where a paper topic comes to you with perfect clarity ? 
I've had as many papers ( 3 ) due this week , as movies that I have watched for class . 
I have developed an acute case of misanthropy . 
Tulsa did better against OU than Texas did . 
I stay up late on school nights ! :) 
I hear the US government wants to get in on the whole \occupy movement\ " . They are calling it occupy Iran . " 
I got stopped by campus police at 10:15 AM while I was walking along the sidewalk next to the building in which I reside . 
My life coach benched me because he said I wasn't a \clutch\ " player . " 
My paper was postponed again . Too bad I only got the email after I spent three hours writing it today . 
has a bad headache . 
Anyone want to adopt a dashing young college student for parents weekend ? He can tell witty jokes , articulate amusing anecdotes , and he has the finest hair at the University of Tulsa . 
This has been a great weekend so far . 
Tomorrow , I think I am going to go trick-or-treating in Lafortune . 
So if you want to love me then darlin ' don't refrain\ 
Or I'll just end up walkin ' in the cold November rain 
Was that an earthquake ? 
So i missed the big earthquake entirely . 
I am tired of these freaken earthquakes in this freaken state ! 
So I went to one of my classes today , expecting to learn about micrecon . Instead , we watched 8 Mile . For no other apparent reason than the professor wanted to watch it . College rules . 
Two weeks . 
Skyrim and < PROPMALE > Potter are both released tonight at midnight . Too much nerd on one night . 
