let me slip into your ear 

i'm fixin ' a hole where the rain gets in 
experiencing a storm form ! 
mejor < PROPFEMALE > final espantoso que < PROPFEMALE > espanto sin fin 
If I only had a heart ... 
there's a spider in my ear , he screams loud and clear he tells me what i want to hear 
home is where the hearth is 
it's a nice day for some whites washing 
there is a castle on a cloud , i like to go there in my sleep . 
Fourth of July Twilight Aone marathon ? ummm , yes ?! 
MORZILLA is blood sausage , I can live with that , it tastes delicious . But what kind of blood is it exactly ? 
maybe she's got something you don't like ... la-di-da 
Thought I'd visit the club Got as far as the door They'd have asked me about you Don't get around much anymore Oh , Darling I guess my mind's more at ease But nevertheless , why stir up memories Been invited on dates Might have gone but what for Awfully dif 
Not much ado about everything . 
si es < PROPFEMALE > perro , me muerde 
is now available with 2X more ozone ! 
If I only had a brain . 
Barracuda Deadly Eye Gouge ! 
ching-a-ding ching-a-ding ching-a-ding 
hay que comerse la mierda/ luego uno se limpia la boca/ y se caga en el mundo 
Karate Crane Quick Kill 
rise and shine ? 
Ah gat ants in < PROPFEMALE > pants and ah need < PROPFEMALE > dance . 
Make my funk the P-Phunk 
Ven it rains , ze little homeless kittiez get all wet . 
Flying Giant Stork Death Kick 
Oh ! How I weesh , I weesh I were a Feesh . 
All together now ! ( All together now ! ) All together now ! ( All together now ! ) All together now ! ( All together now ! ) All together now ! ( All together now ! ) All together now ! ( All together now ! ) All together now ! ( All together now ! ) 
The Baobabs are taking over my yard !!!! Oh , no !!! 
Whether-Wise , it's a lovely day . Just say the Word and We'll beat the birds down to Acapulco Bay . 
Thnx to everybody who wished me a happy birthday ! I spent it building models & drawing floor plans , but the weekend was full of wonders . 
SHMOHAUK : describes an erratic and often dangerous driver . That's a good one 
Mik‰ on t‰n‰‰n , mutta eilisen huomenna ? 
In the court of a powerful < PROPMALE > , the jester often has more power than the < PROPMALE > . 
The little mockingbird just flew away today :( \ 
I'm gonna miss you Silvio ! 
defunct definition 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy birthday today !!!! 
This is where we architect . 
Italian Time Machines . 
General Butt Naked 
It's not the failure that will kill you , it's the hope .... thanks < PROPFIRST > Holland 
I am one in a million ! There are link 6000 other people just like me ! 
If you live each day as if it were your last , some day you will most certainly be right . 
Six sections in six hours ! is that even possible ? 
to love is to make oneself vulnerable in ways that enhance the possibility of pain . 
Poor is the new < PROPMALE > 
Lo que no mata engorda 
Better to take a step forward and retreat with dignity than be successful and remain stationary 
gym+ing = gymming 
I want to see the ocean 
LOVE = steak+salad 
Ppl will tawk dis n dat about u bt u would be da better person by lettin them tawk , ignoring wat dey say and keep it movin . Those r the bandwagon chasers . Overlook them 
Man is five 
\Yes . \ " That's all I want to hear for the rest of my life . " 
