Off to watch Sherlock Holmes ! 

Debating theology is fun :) 
Woot ! Just finished me summer Poly Sci course ! Now to get US History out of the way ... 
Just moved back to Chico !!! Let the semester begin ! 
The new rec center at chico rocks ! They got a hand scanner and everything ! Only thing they're missing is a decent bench press machine . 
WACOM TABLETS RULE !!!! 
Why can't I find a line tool in Photoshop >:( 
Join me me on XBox Live ! Gamer Tag : Iam1me 
is making an Asteroids game 
Woot - asteroids game is coming along nicely , so far no problems 
Trigun ftw ! 
... It's the Eye of the Tiger , it's the thrill of the fight - rising up to the challenge of our rivals .... 
\is a dictionary of church history\ " - Professor Clower " 
No - you can't have my XBox < PROPFEMALE > , lol ;) 
... 
I , who is writing these things , am learning much ! ( Yea for Greek translations lol ) 
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together 
Woot - got collision detection working in my asteroids game ! Yea for Analytical Geometry ! 
Rockband2+No Fail Mode+Make Own Setlist = Long ass awesome CD 
I'm switching phones to the one < PROPFEMALE > gave me ( thank you ! ) . My new number is ( 530)774-8837 . My old one still has some minutes on it tho , so you'll still be able to contact me on that one for a little while . 
ug i suck at soccer lol . oh well , it was fun :) 
Philosopher = Philo + Sophos = Friend/Lover of Wisdom . Greek is fun :) 
damit ! I ruined my shoes playing soccer ! >.< 
Hurray ! I finished my asteroids game :) 
if anyone wants to try the asteroids game i can email it to them . :D 
is going back and commenting all of his asteroids game code ... :( 
Asteroids game is complete , commented , and turned in :D 
Zippidy do da zippidy day ... ( I got me zipcar stuff in teh mail :D ) 
I like how I'm a Protestant - but I've only been going to Catholic events lol 
1 more month (+5 days ) and I'll be 21 :D 
Got so many drawings I have to work on .... 
I don't want to go to school tomorrow >.< ... furlough day ? 
took 12+ hrs ... but I have finally finished my new deck box ( made out of solid tape ) :D 
Lousy Calc II ... >.< 
I'm ready for my calc test now :) 
Off to the calc II test ... 
Woot - totally aced that calc II test !!! :D 
ew ... over-easy hard-boiled egg ... 
Long fun day :) 
is looking forward to taking Hebrew Bible and Judaism , Christianity , & Islam next semester :) 
has to study for his Asian Religions and Computer Graphics Programming Midterms tomorrow :( 
mmm vegan brownie :) 
Midterms day :/ 
My classes for next semester : 3D Computer Modeling ( APCG 330 ) , Advanced Computer Graphics ( CSCI 569 ) , Logic and Critical Thinking ( < PROPMALE > 102 ) , Judaism Christianity & Islam ( RELS 100 ) , and Hebrew Bible ( RELS 303 ) . :D Oh - and my earliest class each day will be at noon ! 
watching U2 on youtube 
meh - U2 not taht great 
Habanero Limon flavored chips ... not bad 
cool - my next assignment for my Computer Graphics Programming class is to make a 3D flying game :) 
Now has an iPod Nano :D 
is getting addicted to his iPod 
woot - got 100% on my Asian Religions Midterm :) 
Leaks . Lunatics . Rebellion . And now bloody ghosts . Ain't life in Rapture grand ? 
Someone said I look like < PROPMALE > Pullman ... I'm going to have to look him up now ... 
fk being sick ! 
is thinking he should go get a beer or something at midnight ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s Harder Lemonade - not bad :P 
I have yet to acquire the taste for beer :P 
Tonight will be fun :D 
Feel free to suggest drinks for me to try :P 
Off to the bars :D 
The U-bar has the coolest Air Hockey table ever ! 
is going to see the Judas Iscariot play tomorrow . Should be interesting . 
The Judas Iscariot play was pretty good and funny . The guy that played Lucifer was awesome ! 
so busy .... 
Too much work to be done ... GAH !!! 
Has to construct the interior of a cockpit with vertices ... not in a 3D modeling program - but in code !!! Ugh ... 
Almost done ... I'll see how far I can get tomorrow ... 
WOOOT !!! I finished the program !!! Now to comment the thousands of line of code and turn it in by midnight .... 
Woot I found my old unused new shoes !! :D 
Those shoes are horrible for the treadmill !!! Killed my feet ! 
time to watch Supernatural :) 
Ugh - I'm getting sick again ... great :P 
I want a longer break ... 
back from break - back to school ... 
I hate UML ... one of the most boring , tedious , and useless aspects of \programming\ " ever ... " 
boredom ... 
Back to school ! 
FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it worked for you !! 
Why do no churches have good libraries ? 
Ugh ... I have 8 Calc II homework assignments to complete over the course of today and tommorrow ... shouldn't have procastinated ! lol 
Woot ! The CSUC Library has lots of stuff on Philo :D 
Woot ! I just crammed 2 weeks of Calc II and the associated homework in 2 days , and did good on the test :D 
Shouldn't have checked those books out of the library ... now I want to read them instead of doing homework :P 
\Either Philo Platonizes or Plato Philonizes\ " .... now I gotta study Stoicism and Platonism :P " 
Woot - finished my first book on Philo :) Very interesting stuff . Now to study Stoicism and Platonism - or to go directly onto < PROPMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > ? ... 
\Who's Bible Is It Anyway ? \ " is an awesome book - highly reccomend it ! " 
Were the Gnostics merely Platonics who interpreted Christainity and Judaism in terms of their Philosophy ? Was this the inevitable result of < PROPFIRST > and others using Judaized Platonic and Stoic Philosophy and Terminology as a means to convey the Gospel ? 
Why is it that when studying church history you always hear about Catholics and Protestants , but the Eastern Orthodox Church kind of just disappears ....? 
If Protestants are so against tradition as a source for doctrine , then why rely solely on the traditional canon of the bible for the Catholic Church(NT ) and the Jews(OT) ? Why not look beyond the canon and into non-canonical writings of the early church as a source for doctrine ? 
Woot finished 2 of the books from the library I got ! Now to start on \Platonism and its Christian Heritage \"" 
I just checked out a library book that was last checked out in 1988 :P 
I translated < PROPFIRST > 6:22 -23 for homework :D 
I don't care what the book says ... Texture Mapping doesn't work .... 
Woot ! I have acheived textures ! 
Can't program anymore ... 
Curse you opengl ... why can't you ever just work ? 
If I can just get this dang spotlight to work I'll be finished with my program ... 
You win for now openGL ... no spotlight ... -.-' 
Now to crash study for my calc II final tomorrow ... wish me luck :P 
Now to go to bed so I can get up at 6am ... 
Off to me calc II final .... why is it that they take something hard like calc II and do it as early in the morning in the possible when you can't think as it is ? evil .... 
Actually - that calcII final wasn't too bad :) 
Two finals down - two to go ! 
I hates insomnia ... 
Time to get my last two finals out of the way ... 
Woot finals are done ! Now I just gotta give a presentation tomorrow and I'm done with the semester :P 
I am now officially done with this semester !!!! 
Off to Redding 
Back in Redding after doing the Veterans Christmas Dinner thing in Red Bluff 
Gonna go watch Avatar today 
Avatar was pretty good . Story line isn't terribly unique , but well done - and the 3D graphics were amazing ! 
\ ... but why is the Rum gone ? \"" 
\Lost Christianities : The Battles for Scripture and the Faiths We Never Knew\ " by < PROPMALE > D . Ehrman is a very interesting read " 
I brokes me IPod :( It doesn't play anything out of the right side of any headset ... 
< PROPFEMALE > X-mass ! 
Woot - I got 3 awesome books ( that will take forever to read through :P ) . I got the Complete Works of Philo , the Complete Works of Josephus , and Eusebius ' Ecclesiatical History :) 
I'm going snowboarding up at Mt . < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! ( ... now if only I knew how to snowboard :P ) 
Woot - finished reading \Lost Christianities\ " ! Excellent Book ! " 
Skiing was fun ! Didn't do so well snowboarding tho :P 
It started snowing in Redding for New Years :D 
just watched Fiddler on the Roof and the Passion of the Christ 
\ho ohn\ " ! = \ " ego eimi\ " ... " 
Yea ! Grades are out ! I got 2 A's and 2 B's and a C ( but it was just an extra class that I took for fun - so meh ) . 
Gah ! Those Jerks ! They turned my online Philosopy 102 class into an in person class - at 8am in the morning ! -_-' 
As in many instances under similar conditions in the later history of religions , Philo found it necessary to restrict the teaching of the philosophic interpretation of Scripture to properly qualified and properly equipped students . 
Felt that earthquake earlier today - in Redding 
Just saw Day Breakers ! One of teh best Vampire movies ever ! 
103 degree fever ! 
I don't wanna talk to you no more , you empty headed animal food trough wiper ! I fart in your general direction ! You mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries ! 
Now we see but a poor reflection as in a mirror ; then we shall see face to face . Now I know in part ; then I shall know fully , even as I am fully known . 
Woot ! Lost Boys on DVD :D 
Ah great - fever seems to be finally going away but nows I've got pneumonia :/ 
Off to watch the Book of < PROPMALE > 
Woot - heading back to Chico tomorrow ! 
TO CHICO !!! 
freaking school ... stop dropping the classes I need ! 
NOOOO !!! I killed teh Companion Cube :( 
This is going to be a busy semester 0 . o ' 
Ok simplified my schedule . Now I've got 16 units instead of 20 , lol . 
Yea for 3D Modeling ! 
It is interesting how many super seniors are in my Hebrew Bible class ... hmmm ... 
It's interesting to note that Judaism , Christianity , and Islam are independantly the three largest religions in the world - and while they have some fundamental theological differences , they all worship the same God - the God of < PROPMALE > . 
I am considering doing Honors in Religious Studies ... I'd have to spend 2 semesters studying a topic ( development of the < PROPFEMALE > in the early church ? ) and write a 40 < PROPFEMALE > report on it . Sounds fun :) 
and the Thunder Rolls ... 
Someone said I look like < PROPMALE > Pullman so I'm using him for my doppelganger :P 
Finally started Greek back up on friday - this'll be my 3rd semester of Attic Greek :) 
Started reading Eusebius ' Ecclesiastical History and got through book I . Shouldn't take too long to finish :) 
Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 Bioshock 2 
Woot - four day weekend :) 
Gonna go visit a monestary tomorrow - should be fun :) 
The Monestary visit was fun . Wish I had brought my camera though :( 
Woot - first beer club meeting tonight at teh Newman Center :P 
Ruination & Leinenkugel Sunset Wheat FTW !!! 
3D modeling is fun , but very tedious and time consuming 
took about 11 hrs - but I finally finished modeling my fan :P Now to do the monitor , bookshelf , chair , a glass , and a lamp ... 
Woot ! Looks like my Greek-English Septuigant and Ante-Nicene Fathers series have arrived :D 
Gonna go see Wolfman today ! 
The Documentary Hypothesis , at least upon first glance , is pretty compelling 
I wonder if I can get into a Jewish Seminary ... 
Almost finished Eusebius ' Ecclesiastical History 
Now to go home - cram for my 8 am midterm - and get up for the 8am midterm :P Bring it ! 
Shalom mi amigo ! Wie geht's ? 
Why does it have to take so long to render 3D scenes .... :/ 
well I think I've finally got all the modeling , texturing , and lighting done - now just to wait for these 10+min renders to complete and I'll be done !!! 
I'm gonna go to celebrate Purim today :) 
Woot - finished Eusebius ' Ecclesiastical History ! :D 
I can see !!! 
Blast you 8am class ! 
Going on a retreat tomorrow with teh Newman Center 
That was a fun retreat 
I'm surprised < PROPFIRST > Martyr is considered Orthodox - he is a straight up polytheist ! 
I keep falling asleep when I try to study for my midterm ... 
Hebrew Bible Midterm was pretty easy :) . Now just to get through a couple classes tomorrow and onto spring break ! 
Woot - spring break ! 
Just finished < PROPFIRST > Martyr's Dialogue with Trypho ! That thing is long ! He's either an Arian or a Polytheist , hard to say . Of course , he holds Christ as being a created being either way - so perhaps Polytheistic Arianism ? 
Case settled : < PROPFIRST > Martyr was most definitely an Arian and not a Polytheist . Or perhaps it is better to say Arius was a < PROPFIRST > ian ? 
that new < PROPFEMALE > was pretty good 
Ponyo was a weird movie lol 
Woot - only 100 pages from finishing the first book in my 10 volume series : The Ante-Nicene Fathers 
Finished the first book ! Now to move onto the second one as soon as I get back to UV :P 
Just got back to Chico , and I got my replacement IPod in the mail :D 
Food and then Catan ! 
Gotta get back on me morning schedule :P 
Need to have a movie night or something ... 
hmmmm - what to put for my status .... 
I seem to have misplaced my student ID card ... :/ 
Freaking 3D Computer Modeling ... They do NOT give us enough time to complete those assignments ! 
As iron sharpens iron , so one man sharpens another . Prov 27:17 
so much < PROPMALE > to catch up on :( 
Anyone want to go to the bar ? :P 
bored 
Fun night ! :) 
Gah ! Forgot to do my online quiz yesterday :/ Hate those things ... 
Send me a message if you want to hangout or go to the bars or something ! :P 
Something tells me tomorrow is going to be a long day ... 
Hate getting sick :/ 
Now to take all the change that has been collecting around my desk and put it into the coin machine :D 
Hates being sick -.- 
The weather today is perfect ! Why can't it stay like this all year ? 
Gah- the rains back :/ 
LOL at making a mistake while drawing and thinking \Ctrl-z\ " :P " 
* Sigh * I seem to have developed a bad habit recently of drawing peoples heads too large for their bodies ... I mean , I did it on purpose ! It is stylized ! >.> 
Awesome - I can plug my Rockband 2 mic into my USB drive on my computer and use it :P 
Hmmm .... My phone doesn't want to recharge ... I think the rain has killed my phone ! -.-' 
Ug - next semesters gonna suck ... EECE 320 System Architec/Performance , MATH 217 Discrete Math , and PHYS 204A Mechanics ... Do to time conflicts couldn't get any of the APCG or RELS classes I wanted to do :/ Maybe I'll take Video Game Design or < PROPMALE > II so I can at least have 13 units ... 
Yep ... my phone seems to be permanently dead ... I'll bring it in see if it needs a new battery or something , but for now looks like no cell :/ So , if you need to contact me - send me a msg on facebook . 
Trying to model Guerren Lagann's Head ... how do I go about this ? hm ... 
Got my midterm on Christianity in an hour - should be easy :P 
Looks like , if all goes according to plan , I will graduate in two years time with my BS in Computer Science ( Graphics Option ) , my BA in Religious Studies , a minor in Modern Israeli Studies , and another minor in Classic Civilizations :P 
Wow ... anyone ever try to print screen images from Windows Media Player and copy the image into Photoshop ? You get weird results ... If you press play after you've done this , you can continue to watch the movie inside of Photoshop 0 . o ' 
Alright - I was able to fit one more class into my schedule for next semester to put me at 16 units . My classes are : EECE 320 System Architecture/Performance , ENG 354 Classic Literature , MATH 217 Discrete Mathematics , PHYS 204A Mechanics , and RELS 204 Judaism 
Theological Debates are fun :P 
I had nearly forgotten I had a Wacom Tablet :P 
Ew ... I have to write a paper in < PROPMALE > for me final and then read it out loud :/ 
WOOT ! I decided to skip my < PROPMALE > class and then it ended up being canceled :P 
Scratched my old Gurren Lagann head , got some better references from the show itself , and the my new head is coming along nicely . Should be able to post something tomorrow :) 
Rain's back :P 
Gah ! Too much homework ! :/ 
GAHHasjdfklajsldfj ; ladf ! My Gurren Lagann head keeps losing its shader connections ! WDF ! >.< 
Finished my Gurren Lagann Head :) Now to start on the body >.> 
We didn't have enough people to finish the free keg :( 
The Theology On Tap tonight was awesome - glad I got to go to one this semester :) 
Yea - the RENT play is next week :) Anyone else going ? 
The rain's back ! 
Grrr - I get free summer rent , but I couldn't keep my same room - so now I have to move everything >.> 
Got me tickets for the RENT play :D 
Gah ! Writing essays in foreign languages is hard ! And by essay I mean 150 words >.> 
I went to school without a jacket . Then , after I came out from the BMU it was raining :/ And then , as I was hurrying to the bus stop - it started hailing on me ! -.-' 
* Sigh * I hate it when < PROPFEMALE > crashes >.> 
GRRRR ! I got 99/100 on my Christianity midterm because ' she would have liked to see one more sentence on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE >.' -.- 
LOL http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lYoAwfh4QOU 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PN2HAroA12w&feature=channel 
Lazy Day * yawn * 
Why do we have to take HIST 130 ? Can't we watch this instead ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egSx5m5MFLk&playnext_from=TL&videos=z0o26PzinE0&feature=rec-rev-rn-1r-2-HM :P 
Of all the days to fall back asleep after my alarm clock goes off ... 
Woot ! Almost done with my Gurren Lagann model :D ( and then I have to build a really simple scene to put him in and turn it all in by this next Wed . >.>) 
Seeing RENT tonight ! :) 
RENT was awesome ! :D 
Ugh\ 
- I can't find any books on Pardes or Traditional Catholic methods of\ 
exegesis :/ I'm gonna have to think of a new topic to do my Hebrew\ 
Bible essay on ... 
I hate packing and moving >.> 
Cell Shading is cool :) 
Curse 8am classes !!!! 
Stupid Housing Department ... They haven't contacted me ' cause they don't have my phone number and they \didn't know how to contact me\ " - even though all of my communication with them this semester has been via email ... Incompetence !!!! " 
Iron Man 2 was good :) 
\I ... I am the banana king ! \"" 
Today is the first time the fire alarm has gone off while I was in class during college :P 
I need one of those burst of energies to get all of my finals stuff done 0 . o ' 
Just remembered I completely forgot to show up to an event I volunteered to help at ... :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > keeps running out of memory whenever I try to render my scene - and the scene isn't even completed yet 0 . o ' 
Tonight was awesome !!! It's like being between a mountain and a river :P 
I got stuck in an elevator today >.> 
I need to find a decent and free 360deg panorama of a city from a rooftop for my scene ... 
Why won't transperancy work in < PROPFEMALE > ? GRRRRRR 
\Em-Oh-Oh-En\ " that spells \ " Moon ! \"" 
* Hates waiting for things to render * 
I'm taking up 4 computers in the lab - 3 for rendering , and 1 for surfing the web/playing games :P 
< PROPFEMALE > just doesn't want to render ... alkajsgkjasdfkgjalsdkgklasdjgkla 
I don't know why < PROPFEMALE > started working again , but it did - and I'm finally done !!!!!! 
Finals week is the worst >.> 
Whoot ! Do to a twist , I might be able to get the same room I'm in now for next year after all :P 
Really London ? Really ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KatN365jaBg&feature=player_embedded 
Must stay awake and motivated to finish take home finals - and then show up to my remaining two finals tomorrow - er , today ... 
Whoot ! Finished my take home finals ( it is now 4:30 am ... ) Now to get some sleep so I can get to my two finals later today >.> 
The semester is finally over ! 
< PROPMALE>'s Inferno was intense ! I gotta read the book now :P 
Woot - my computer is back up and has internet , the most important part of moving :P 
Ugh - moving is exhausting work 
Almost finished moving ... Just gotta pack and move some dishes and do a bit of cleaning tomorrow . I'm done for today ! 
Back in Redding for teh summer 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s \The Last Stand\ " is definately one of my favorite movies :D " 
Might get to do a Software Internship this summer :D 
How did I get a B in < PROPMALE > ? I didn't do the homework in that class for like a month :P 
If anyone has material possessions , and sees his brother in need , but has no pity on him , how can the love of God be in him ? Dear children , let us not love with words or tongue , but with actions and in truth . 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:17 -18 
Time to review Visual Basic . NET and get ready for my interview for the Software Internship next week :) 
WDF ?! They left entire books in my Ante Nicene Father series in Latin ?! -.-' 
I hate Java Applet Security Exceptions .... 
Sweet - I wrote my first media streaming program :) 
The Gnostic avails himself of branches of learning as auxiliary preparatory exercises , in order to the accurate communication of the truth ... He will not then be deficient in what contributes to proficiency in the curriculum of studies and the Hellenic philosophy ; but not principally , but necessarily , secondarily , and on account of circumstances 
I've got a 3 to 4 hour interview on wed/thur this week with Finisar for a Software Internship position - wish me luck ! 
The interview went really well I think . Hopefully I'll be able to start early next week ! 
Gah ! They are treating this like a full on hire rather than an Internship . I can't start till they've confirmed all of my references >.> 
Pong is an excellent program to make as an exercise for any given Programming Language . I'm working on one in VB . NET right now - should be dont tomorrow ... er , today :P 
Woot ! Looks like I should start my Internship on Wed ( finally ! ) . :D 
Happy Salvation From Taxation Day ! 
Programming a Graph is a lot of work 
Still love the first one , but I think Full Metal Alchemist : Brotherhood comes out on top . A lot more thought out , lot more detail , and a surprisingly pious/humbling ending . 
Whoot ! I start my Internship Thursday ! :D :D :D :D 
That was scary . I had to email/fax back some signed forms so I can start working for ' em . So - I went to print them out , but then the printer went and failed on me and I couldn't fix it . :/ BUT then I remebered I have a Wacom Tablet !!! :P 
I got orientation at work tomorrow at 9:30 am :) 
Hmm ... I built some really cool class libraries while I was waiting for me Internship to start , and I built them to address some of the projects they were telling me I was going to be working on and made them super powerful . For example , I made a programmable ParseEngine . Now the question is , do I want to use these for the Internship like I was planning - and thus surrender my Intellectual Property Rights over them ? 
First day of work went well ( although I gotta have my boss get the Tech guy to give me my Desktop rather than this crappy laptop >.>) . Lots to do , I gotta learn a huge library of code that I'll be working with . Hopefully I'll be familiar with it enough to help them restructure it by the end of the summer , cause it needs it lol . Promises to be a fun job though :) 
Second day of work was awesome ! Only two days and I was upgraded to a window cubical :P lol . I had lots of fun digging through the code and correcting errors/suggesting improvements . Got all the tech stuff setup and working now . Fun job :) 
ah its the weekend ... I want to go to work >.> lol 
Why can I only work 40 hrs a week ? D: 
Woot ! Got me first paycheck ! :) 
To Redding for the weekend and then back to work . And Bocce ball on tuesday/wed , whatever that is :P 
Super < PROPFIRST > RPG - best < PROPFIRST > game ever ! :P 
Got Basketball @ 12 and then Bocce Ball + Pizza & Beer @ 3 . Finisar rocks :) 
WOOT ! My uncle gave me his old playstation 2 :D I can play all my old games again ! Breath of Fire III here I come ! 
Went and saw Sorcerer's Apprentice today and had Sushi :) 
Silly wannabe American Buddhists - Buddhism isn't Atheistic ( debating Buddhism is amusing :P ) 
Lousy under-documented Visual Studios 2010 ... 
Watched the first two remake movies of Evangelion . Pretty good - can't wait to see the third and fourth when they come out . They had better make a new ending though >.> 
Woot ! Beat the Visual Studios Designer again ! Muahahahahaha 
August already ? Dang summers going by fast . 
Sweeny < PROPMALE > - best musical ever ! :P 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s Kellerweis Hefeweizen is freaking delicious 
is studying some basics electronics ( I taught myself programming , I can teach myself electronics :P ) 
Just spent the entire day studying diodes and solving a bunch of electronic math problems >.> Zener diodes are pretty cool actually . 
Oh cool . I just realized I have a 4.0 in my Religious Studies < PROPMALE > :D 
Current Gain = The Current Of The Collector Divided By The Current Of The Base ... 
One more week of work and then back to Chico :) 
Capitilism : A Love Story - Good Documentary 
Check out me rant on Capitilism :P 
Looking forward to heading back to Chico :) 
Documentation is the worst part of programming ... I've gotta do like 100 pages worth of documentation this week on everything I've been working on at my internship - NOT fun ! 
Come on time - speed up ! I want it to hurry up and get to Monday already ! 
Excellent day at work . I got taken out to lunch with a small group to DishDash - a fancy Meditaranian Restaraunt and they were extremely happy with my work this summer . Just for the documentation I did ( 54 pages long >.>) I was told I had shown expertise years above my age . Another said my work was my \legacy\ " there at Finisar and that it would be used for a long time . :P " 
Last day of my internship today and then back to Redding :) 
Heading back to Chico later tonight :) 
Whoot I'm officially back in Chico ! 
I think this is the most books I've ever had for a given semester - or at least the most expensive >.> 
its is far to hot out there ... 
My reading list for Classic Literature : The Iliad ( < PROPMALE > ) , The Oresteia ( Aeschylus ) , The Three Theban Plays ( Sophocles ) , 5 Dialogues ( Plato ) , Introductory Readings ( Aristotle ) , Alcestis , Medea , Hippolytus ( Euripides ) , Four Plays ( Aristophanes ) , The Aeneid ( < PROPFIRST > ) , and Metamorphoses ( Ovid ) . 
Gah - 5 hrs of class back-to-back ( 4 of which is phys 204A ) is NOT fun ! 
I need a new computer ... this 1/2 Gig of RAM ain't cutting it 
Gonna go see the Outlaws game tonight . I don't think I've ever actually watched an an actual baseball game before ... lol 
I have more reading to do this semester than like any 2 given previous semesters combined - maybe even 3 or 4 ... >.> 
Whoot- getting my english copy of the Mishnah , tr . < PROPMALE > Danby , in a few days :) 
Trying to do Physics homework last minute = bad idea >.> * brain fried * 
Whoot - got my Mishnah :D 
Took me like 6 months - but I finally got around to finishing the last level on BioShock 2 :P 
The < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Brewery Restraunt is awesome ! I'll have to take a tour there sometime . 
I think my Xbox is dead D: There's no ring of death or anything , and I can hear all of the sounds when I turn it on - but my tv doesn't seem to detect any kind of visual image from it . And it doesn't seem to turn off properly - you can hear it keep going long after the light goes out ... :( 
Yea for vectors ! Makes for easy Physics homework :D 
I need to start doing my physics homework earlier in the week so that I don't have to keep staying up till 5/6am to finish it the morning before class >.> 
Whoot ! It took me a week , but I was able to prove the Law of Sines without looking it up :P 
Today is Rosh Hashanah ! 
Theological Debates are fun :) 
Doing physics homework with the built in Windows Calculator is not fun .... >.> 
Freaking Macs ... Our group used the lab software to record our graph data , then we emailed the pictures of the graphs to everyone as part of a Word Document . We could open the Word Document , but no one could see the pictures ... 
I have to do mandatory advising for next semester in a couple weeks ? Wdf ? Seems like we just started this semester . 
Whoot ! I've figured out how to turn 3D into 2D - without looking anything up . :D 
Whoot ! Just got Supernatural Season 5 ! :P 
Now to see if I can't finish the Illiad this weekend ... Stop going off on tangents < PROPMALE > !!! 
Sweet , made my own rotating 3D cube :) The math seems so simple now . 
I crashed when I got back from class today . Then I woke up at about 6:30 . Of course , I went and thought that it was 6:30 am and was scrambling to try to finish my homework >.> 
“For practical purposes we have agreed that sanity consists in sharing the hallucinations of our neighbours . ” - < PROPFEMALE > Underhill 
Sweet - found a Mediterranean food place next to campus :D 
I was one outta 10 ppl who was actually given a grade for the last lab write up - outta about 90 ppl 0 . o ' 
Looks like my classes for next semester will be : Electricity and Magnetism , Computer Animation , Library Research Methods ( boo ... ) , Brain Mind And Behavior , and the New Testament 
12+ hrs of sleep ! :P 
WOOT ! I got the high score in my Computer Architecture course on the midterm . I got an 86/100 . The Average Score was 47.3 with a Standard Deviation of 17.78 lolz :P 
They are going to start filming The Hobbit !!! 
I hate these lab write ups ! 
Hurray for curved physics exams :P 
Why can't my class schedule ever work out like I plan it ? Oh well , I think I actually prefer my new line up . Now , for next semester , I am taking 17 units : PHYS 204B , MJIS 253 The Holocaust , < PROPMALE > 370 The Philosophy of Science , RELS 480 Theories & Criticisms of Religion , MJIS 418 Government & Politics of < PROPMALE > , and RELS 281 Library Research Methods . I'm also gonna try to knock out HIST 130 over Christmas break . 
I keep misplacing my glasses >.< Where are they this time ?... 
is bald ? 
Fun weekend down in < PROPMALE > and up in Redding ! Now to do all of the school work I should have been doing in that time >.> 
Discrete Mathematics Midterm in the morn - bahumbug ! 
While it is true that the sky is ' up ' if we define you as the origin and map the axises according to your orientation - why does everything have to revolve around you ? :P 
If actions speak louder than words - why is the pen mightier than the sword ? 
another all nighter to complete me physics hw last minute >.> 
Very fun night ! Not productive , but fun :P 
Thanks for the bday wishes ! :D 
Monks Wine Lounge has the best ribs ! 
freaking hail ! -.- 
Huh , Paper < PROPFIRST > s not bad - that's pretty cool flipping between 2D and 3D like that . Still - Super < PROPFIRST > RPG is better . 
Why are there FOUR Midterms for Physics -.-' 
How the heck do I find the groups I've joined on here .... 
And finals grow ever closer >.> 
Lolz - I turned in a half finished lab write up and got 100% on it :P Yea for relative grading ! 
I already beat both of my Wii games ... bahumbug ! 
The Chosen is a very good book - you all should give it a read 
The new < PROPMALE > Potter Movie was quite good :) 
I'm so glad I have this week to get all of this finals work done - I really need it 0 . o ' 
I was able to figure out the proof for calculating the area under a curve w/o looking it up :P 
Happy Turkey Day 
Back in Chico - back to work >.> 
I've finally gotten to sit down and make progress in reading my way through the Ante-Nicene Fathers series ! Bought time , I haven't had time to read it all semester . I'm gonna have to make a lot of progress over xmas break 
I'm set to finish the third book of the Ante-Nicene Father series this weekend . I'm 1/3 of the way through it now :) only 6 more books to go ! 
Woot - I have officially completed the lab portion of PHYS 204A ! Now I just gotta pass the 4th midterm and the final and I'm < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Just started reading Origen ... That guy uses rhetoric like there is no tomorrow ! I want to slap him ! On the bright side I'm half way through the fourth book of the Ante-Nicene Fathers Series . 
Sweet ! Someone turned in my Wildcat Card to the office and I got it back :) I can use the computers and print again ! 
One more day to study and then finals ... 
Finals Tomorrow ... >.> 
That Physics Final was brutal T.T 
Pretty sure I aced my Judaism final ! Now to take my Computer Architecture Final in a few minutes and I'll officially be done with the semester ! 
I'm pretty sure I aced both of my finals today ! And now I am officially on break - Woot ! 
Woot ! Got an A- in Computer Architecture . Still waiting for the rest of my grades though . Have a good Xmas y'all! 
I got Aquinas ' Summa Theologica for xmas ! My library is growing :D 
Season of the Witch was an excellent movie ! 
Only 30 pages away from completing the 4th book in the Ante-Nicene Fathers series ! Only 5 more to go ! 
Internet Explorer is the bane of web design ! -.-' 
I'm probably going to regret it - but I added Plant Science onto my class list for this semester . So now I have 20 units this semester >.> 
Crud . I just realized the lab for Plant Science is out on the University Farm - wherever that is ... Anyone know how long it takes to bike down there from campus ? 
Hippolytus ' Refutation of All Heresies is really interesting . He demonstrates how all of the various heresies in the early church are derived from Greek Philosophy and he continually notes how these sects should not be considered Christian because they derive their views from Greek Philosophy vs Scripture . 
Stupid financial aid not coming till next week despite Direct Deposit ! * grumble grumble * 
Heading back to Chico tonight :) 
I can't believe they doubled tuition and didn't give any more financial aid ... oh wait , yes I can -.- 
Yea for tax returns :D 
Added Religion In < PROPFEMALE > to my class list - so now I'm at 20 units . Fortunately , the lab write ups for PHYS 204B look to be a TON easier than PHYS 204A :D 
I really like my Philosophy of Science and Theories & Criticisms of Religion classes :) I have em back to back too . 
The Holocaust was interesting tonight - we had a guest speaker , a rabbinical student , come in and give a talk about the Jewish people and why they were targeted . Although I made a reference to a passage in the Tanakh and she didn't know what I was talking about :P 
I'm getting paid to tutor a seminary student in Koine Greek :) 
Ugh this semester is tiring . I'm never signing up for 8am + 7 to 10pm classes on the same day ever again ! 
There is not enough time in the week to get all my homework done >.> I've read three books today , I'm gonna try to start a fourth before I go to bed , and I've gotta write a paper on Freud and his views on religion . 
I hate when I have to come up with a thesis statement for a topic that I'm not interested in . 
Woot ! Just ordered a new computer with 16 GB of RAM and 2 TB of Harddrive space ! 
The weekend ! It has come ! 
It looks like I won't get my new computer until the Monday AFTER break :/ 
One more class tomorrow and then break ! 
Woot ! I get my new computer tomorrow !!!! 
My new comp is awesome ! Now I just gotta get me some internets setup ... 
Awesomeness ! I got a USB Wireless Adapter that allows me to get Wifi on my desktop :) 
They need to stop changing the GUI on facebook - I hate having to relocate everything -.- 
Ok , how do I get the old facebook message system back ?! -.- 
Why is Spring Break already over ?! T.T 
I accidentally played foreheads with the corner of my kitchen cabinet door ... The Cabinet won ... 
Professor : \So hows the take-home midterm that's due friday coming along ? \ " Me :\ " ... What midterm ? \ " T.T " 
Reunion today with a some of my Chico friends :) 
Gotta send in my iPod to get fixed :/ The headphone < PROPFIRST > is screwed up 
