Damn my head hurts really bad right now 

Ok so i have been home cleaning all day and i dont want to say that im bored cause only boring ppl get bored ..... but im so close to it ... grrrrrrr 
Going Bowling with my bestriend ......... My MOM ..... and Damonique 
online Bowling is easy .... i wish all the classes i take at skool were this easy .... 
late start tommorw dont have to be at skool until 10:00 ...... :D 
This weekend went so GREAT .... so sad that its over though ...... I miss him so badly already :( 
cleaning how much more fun can that be 
sick this suxz :( 
Tired and Sick ..... I cant stand not being able to breath out of my nose grrrrr 
:/ not feeling any better today then i did yesterday 
2/13/08 Forever and Always ;D 
Miss my friends like crazy ...... you know who you hoes are lol 
missin my love 
cant wait for this day to be over grrrrr its going by so slow :( 
skool is so boring right now ugh ...... 
I know we just saw him yesterday but i miss him so much :( 
hopfully my babe gets to come down again this weekend 
cant wait to see him again ....... He is my everything 
i miss him so much and i love him so much 
I love him 
Just 10 more minutes and i can go home and be lazy 
homecoming should i go or not ? 
Might have a job by the end of this month hope that i can still go to homecoming 
no one trully understtands how much i need them love you so much babies 
feeling so much better .... I know hes the onlyy one for me ..... I love you baby :) 
early release today just bout 2 n a hhalf hrs left 
Ugh :( 
whats your oppinion on what true love is ? 
happy to be around the family .......... There is just one person missing that would make my night so mcuh better 
Omg cant wait to get home and talk to my babe :) 
i miss my friends 
2/13/08 
Death is such a sad thing i hate it so much ...... but a least they are no longer in any kind of pain anymore 
Cant wait for this year to end :/ 
feeling a little better i guess ........ :/ 
ughhhhhhhh ...... 
my love is taking his GED placement test im so proud of him :) 
i wish that i was with him right now i miss him so badly ......... 2/13/08 always and forever ..... 
@ >---%----- I like roses 
whats wrong with me 
grr skool it was so hard to wake up this moring 
so hard to stay awake during class after a week break ugh 
i am so F'ing tired right now ..... When i get home im so taking a nap ...... After i buy a new purse lolz 
might be starting my first job sometime this week or next 
What is the meaning of true friendship anymore ? 
homecoming this weekend cant wait :) 
this weekend came and passed so sad its over but cant wait till next time to see his face 
GRRRRR ..................... i hate doing catch up work 
When im not with him i feel a big peice of me missin :/ 
Orgeon , California , Washington , Flordia , New Mexico , or Arizona ........ Were should i go to college ? ugh decission decissions grrrrr ..... 
holy sh*t there was some chinese dude from < PROPFIRST > kong descized as a flippin old man . he went into the bathroom as an old man then when when he came out he was a chinese dude ( no offence to chinese people ) thats some scary sh*t to think about in was on ABC news i thought that sh*t only happened in mission impossible that leaves me wondering how many others there are out there that are in descize as other people :/ 
Going to start my first day of work tomorrow ........ i have to say im pretty excited 
They Called Them CRAZY when they started out , said 17's to young to know what LOVES about . They've been together 58 yrs now ..... Thats CRAZY !!!!!! <3 I LOVE HIM <3 
I cant wait for this weekend thats when my love is going to be coming down ...... i cant wait to see him ......... Holy $h*t we have been together 3 yrs on Feb . 13th i cant believe three yrs has gone by so fast cant wait to spend many more yrs with him this is only the beginning <3 2/13/08 
Cant wait to graduate cause after graduation im moving to california 
I hate getting sick 
walking the dog poor mamas I think shes getting sick 
Filling out my FASFA information with my love on the other line doing the same thing cant wait to go to college . 
Cant wait i hope that this month and the next few months go by quick i just want to be done with school i feel like high school is getting old ..... maybe its cause its late and im bored lol 
Ugh I need money .... Then again everyone needs money :( 
Loved you once , love you still , always have , and always will 
Love is the sweetest emotion , that springs in my heart . Love is like that tender kiss , you gave me at the start . Love is to see that special smile , appear on your face . Love is like a bouquet , with its trimmings and lace . Love is like sunshine strong and true love is all that i feel so deeply for you . 
\ love never fails . \"" 
Its Going to be 3 yrs on feb 13 ..... 2/13/08 <3 
MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM k 
I cant fall asleep cause I miss him so much ........ I miss u baby :( 
My baby is going to build a house for us yay ....... :) 
i miss my love so badly ugh i wish time would go by just a little faster 
Pink , Purple , Blue ?????????? HUH ????????????? 
Its going to be hella hard but im afraid I might have to do it ffforr the better 
whats the thought about people that are bisexual ....... any answers ?????? ( not hating just wondering ) 
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ........................... why do i feel this way ..... i cant figure it out ..... 
AGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So frustrated GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR ........ Screw this im going to bed im done thinking about this ...... at least for tonight im so happy tomorrow is friday staying with me bestie tommorow night yay lolz 
:/ damn and I thought it would work out ...... Grrrrrrr 
:( 
I wish I knew what was going on .... 
Well today is going to be a blast ;) 
Having fun with the family 
Wish my love was with me to complete the family 
Tomorrow is my loves 18 th birthday ... Then in a week our 3yr anniverssery :) yay 
today is my loves birthday ..... Happy birthday love 
Answer ur damn phone ugh lol 
18 in exactly one week from now 
Now its a count down .... 4 more days 
Tuesdays right around the corner :) 
OMG we have been together for 3 yrs today ...... 
3yr anniversary 2/13/11 , valentines day2/14/11 , and my birthday2/15/11 ....... damn this week is going good :) 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes 
This sucks I hate it when he leaves even if its just for a week or to man I can't wait to get a place with him . 
I have been sick for a month straight now ugh I should go to the doctor 
packing to move ..... hate it but love it :) 
Late start in school its pointless for me to even go its going to be 1 and schools out at 3 I only have 2 classes today sweet 
Grrr ... The music in this doctors office is making me tired lol 
its so nice outside I love this weather today 
