Auld < PROPFEMALE > Syne ... Cheers 2010 . 

officially graduates in 5 months , 8 days ... 
has a headache .... 
is feeling better and making some corn muffins ... 
is listening to 8 hours worth of Gackt ... 
has three more days ... 
' s sister cat just had her litter ... joy ... 
went to Piedmont Regional Jail while it was on lock down .... 
is done her internship .... 
is stressed out ... I need to move somewhere far away ... 
is feeling better ! 
\Summer breeze makes me feel fine ... \"" 
is playing the ultimate boredom buster .... The Sims ... plus all the expansions . 
is trying to find some life out here ... 
is watching the \Moon Child\ " . Yay Gackt-san and Hyde-san ! " 
' s life is no longer what it was .... 
is finally going on a family vacation .... 
just got called a cow ... wtf ! 
is all good now ... 
is two things .... sushi and the Hampton Inn .... 
is getting another ferret ! 
is trying to enjoy her holiday weekend ... 
is wedding planning ... 
is helping her mother plan her wedding ... Italy here I come ... 
is waiting for the return of Winchester \Wazzy\ " Wazchet .... " 
is worried about his well-being .... 
is fml .... 
First Phelan , now Kelley .... come on Longwood ... seriously ! 
respectfully requests that people keep their belief systems to themselves and not preach the superiority of their own everyday on Facebook . I find it highly offensive . 
needs some chocolate ... 
is going out this weekend .... 
made some cheese wontons ... the recipe was suprisingly simple and delicious ... 
just walk three < PROPMALE > to the store under the hot summer sun ... 
has st < PROPMALE > ed a new < PROPMALE > project .... the hiatus is officially over . Now taking requests ... 
exists .... 
is playing < PROPFEMALE > Khemia : Alchemists of Al-Revis Academy .... 
had no starter fluid to ignite the grill , but somehow ignited the coals with a combination of toilet paper and cooking oil .. 
is woot ... 
getting ready for the upcoming week .... excitement .... 
is to cut or not to cut .... that is the question ..... hmmm ... 
is to cut her hair or not to .... that is the question ... hmm ... 
is excited because the day has finally arrived .... Watchmen : The Director's Cut is in stores ! 
got Watchmen : The Director's Cut and discovered that she received a coupon for 10.00 off the Final Cut version releasing in December ... 
is excited about tomorrow ! 
feels like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s lace swaying in the wind ... 
has feelings of intense euphoria ... 
is ecstatic that < PROPFIRST > is in town .... 
is like a plain-view search warrant , what you see is what you get ... 
is in Va Beach for the next week ! 
is still in Va Beach ... going to the beach today , maybe the zoo , but most definitely going to < PROPFEMALE > with the boys ... 
is goodbye Modo ... you will be missed dearly ... 
is back home in Farmville ... 
is still sad about losing Modo ferret but happy that her family adopted a new ferret named Tonk . 
has found her once lost wireless card ... after she received a new one .. 
Hellsing OVA 6 = Amazing ! 
knows he didn't mean to lie to me but it still hurts all the same . The only thing we can do is to continue marching towards eternity ... 
is not having a good day already .... 
made some crepes ! 
is taking a risk ... hopefully it will work out . 
is knitting ... you know what that means ... 
is Nolle Prosequi ... 
is not having a good day ... 
is making door decs ... 
feels exhausted after arguing all day ... 
is \Let it Burn ... \"" 
is going to see G.I. < PROPFIRST > ... 
G.I. < PROPFIRST > = Awesome movie . 
is still knitting ... 
finished with the knitting project and on the hunt for another ... 
is goodbye grandpa ... it's always better on the other side ... 
is \housesitting\ " while the rest of the family go attend the wake in NJ ... " 
is final viewing before cremation today ... seeing it via photo doesn't make the sorrow any less excruciating . I'm ready for it ... 
is packing for her return to Longwood . 
is funeral then move in at Longwood .... 
is FTLW .... joy . 
is halfway through FTLW ... RCRs ... still need to unpack and finish 2 BB and 30 door decs ... 
finished her RCRs last night ... still in FTLW .... still unpacking ... the list gets shorter ... 
is snuggling up in the bed ... long day tomorrow ... errr .... I mean today ... 
is still FTLW ... heavy emotional stuff today ... door decs and bulletin boards later ... 
is FTLW ... door decs/duty boards done ... all that's left to do is the 2 bulletin boards ... 
has one more day left of FTLW ... hall prep complete ... BCD tomorrow ... 
is done FTLW .... check-ins all weekend .... 
had a blast tonight ! 
is unpacking and mentally steeling herself for the rush tomorrow ... 
is curling up in bed and watching a movie ... 
is check-ins 1.45 -5pm French Lobby ... 
is who wants to < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? 
is relaxing in bed .... 
is relaxing the rest of the day ... 
is classes tomorrow ... 
is Burger at 9 .... English 400 at 11 and History of < PROPFEMALE > at 1 ... 
is done classes for the day ... Whitney was too hilarious in History of < PROPFEMALE > . Desk duty 7-10 and then midnight round . 
last round of the night is done .... sleep til whenever ... class at 2 ... 
Does anyone have the English 400 books ? I just need to borrow them until my books come in .... 
is sleep then three classes tomorrow . Anyone want to do lunch at 12 ? 
is relaxing for the night ... 
finally got her new phone . Message me if you want the digits ... 
is free this entire weekend .... 
is cleaning ... feel free to drop by ! 
NERDS !!!! Haha ... watching Revenge of the Nerds ... 
is mmm .... ghost shows .... 
is on the prowl ... 
< PROPFIRST > Constantine ... * sighs * 
is taking it easy today ... 
is preparing for week two of classes ... 
missed two very important phone calls ... way to go for going to class and being a good student ... 
says it's going to be a good day ... 
just found out her one class of the day was cancelled . Meetings @ 3.30 and 5.30 
has no quiz because apparently Burger didn't post it ... On a better note , I was elected RAMs President ... 
is watching History of the World pt . 1 .... 
is such a beautiful day .... 
is on duty with B Witty backin ' me up ... go Nades ... 
can't wait for last round ... no more surprises please ... 
last round is over . Time for sleep . * claps and lights cut off * 
is relaxing today ... feel free to stop by ... 
is serving as backup tonight . Sitting desk from 7-10pm in So . Ruff . 
wishes she had some ramen ... 
is excited because B Dubs is open today !!!! 
is back home after a long day hanging out with her bestie ... 
is considering taking a cruise during spring break ... 
has a headache ... 
still has a splitting headache and now has to break a fever ... 
' s fever has broken and her headache is gone . Still feeling lethargic but better that before . Things are really looking up ... 
is feeling much better ! Yay ! 
is finishing up some work then sleep .... 
is friday ..... 
is hanging out with KAH for the night .... 
is weekend .... 
is curled up in bed watching a movie .... 
is completely unmotivated today .... 
is glad at least one person out there sees me for who I really am ... thank you . 
Oh Kanye ... when will you cease your boorishness ? 
Schindler's List = Gold .... 
is if you are the Cheshire Cat , then I am the Mad Hatter .... 
has recieved a blessing in disguise ... 
agrees with < PROPFIRST > when he says his couch is laughing at him ... 
just sent Yahoo ! a scathing email ... 
is exhausted .... 
feels relief like a cool autumn breeze ... 
is stressed out .... 
' s stress is gone .... I can finally continue life with a sense of normalcy ... 
v . Yahoo ! Billing round two results : I was victorious ... 
Goodnight Dr. < PROPFIRST > . May you have sweet dreams forever . 
' s AC does not work for the time being .... and her window does not open . 
got her room window to open finally .... the AC is still not functioning ... 
is reading the comments section of the Richmond Times while having tea ... the debate is highly amusing and offensive at the same time ... 
is moody ... 
is goodnight Dr. < PROPFIRST > and family . May you all dream sweet dreams forever ... 
is busy today .... 
just bought a top hat ... 20/20 indeed ... 
fell down today on some stairs ... 
has a huge bruise on her left leg :o ( 
is watching Interview with the Vampire . :o ) 
is cleaning the old fashioned way because her singing does not summon animals and the furniture does not move ... 
recieved a package ! 
is studying and relaxing ... 
Heck Yes ! We Are Heroes is ABDC Champs ! 
is going for it ! 
is on duty tonight ... working on the bulletin board for the month of October .... 
is stressed out ... 
is ready for the Job and Internship Fair ... 
recieved props from the feds ... 
had an amazing program with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is feeling a long day ahead .... 
\Man of quality is not threatened by a woman of equality . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Allbright ... I think this is a most appropriate quote for < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ... donate please ! " 
is Oktoberfest weekend .... 
is attending a housewarming ... 
Traci : \No ! I'm not okay ! My friends are over there getting mauled by the media and the service starts now ! \"" 
is feeling better .... 
is writing an outline for her English 400 research project and trying to figure out what to study/write for the upcoming class period ... 
\We're men ... We're men in tights ... we roam around the < PROPMALE > looking for fights ... We're men ... We're men in tights ... we robbed from the < PROPMALE > and give to the poor that's right ! \ " XD " 
is writing her research paper on prisoner reentry ... 
just finished her research paper ... bleh ... 
thinks Sunshine has brightened her day ... 
is curled up in the bed ... 
missed Gangland .... 
is playing Dark Kingdom with Kevin ... beware of the asassin .... 
is feeling really good ... 
is working on her cosplay costume and jamming to GPKISM ... 
has decided to scrap her costume and make another from scratch ... sewing marathon begins tomorrow ... 
had a wonderful workout ... 
is trying her hand at wig styling ... 
is bored ... please provide entertainment .... 
is relaxing in solace .... 
is midday workout ... 
is feeling the burn ! 
is bored ... 
has a lunch date tomorrow ! 
found her LED wands ... glorious .... 
feels great after working out .... 
is relaxing .... 
just learned how to do a helicopter properly ... now to master it .... 
' s top hat came today ! 
had a great mock interview , dropped another resume into the hands of a fed , and is now working on a memo about prisoner reentry ... 
is wtf Blackboard .... I can't log on ! 
is still writing that memo ... 
is going out tonight ... hit the cell ... 
is curled up in bed reading < PROPFIRST > Koontz's \Frankenstein : Dead Or Alive\ " .... I've been waiting forever for this book to come out ! " 
is learning advanced finger isos .... anti-spins ! Merlin : Glowsticks OMG ! 
thinks her bed is soft ... 
is sitting desk .... 
is curling up in bed .... 
monday .... 
feels like < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > Lace blowing in the wind ... 
E nomine patris in spiritus sancti ... 
recieved her LED wands and they are glorious ... 
Hetalia ! 
is having her own personal 80s day in her room ... 
is sitting desk tonight and loves the breeze coming from the window ! 
is relaxing in the room ... scary movies tonight ! 
is sewing again this afternoon ... 
' s wig is done drying , now working on the sleeves and playing with elastic ... the things we do for cosplay greatness ... 
is going to class ... 
is going to clean her room , go to class , lunch , class again ... 
is relaxing for the rest of the night ... 
lost 1\ off her waistline ... it's a start ... " 
is a driven and intelligent woman . She is not perfect by any standard , but it's her imperfections that make her special ... 
is carving a pumpkin ... 
finished carving her pumpkin and it is glorious . Give me 3.5 hours and you get a masterpiece . 
is relaxing after a long day ... 
is severely pissed off ... 
rage has subsided .... now to work on my paper . 
has succumbed to Morpheus's will ... 
is surfing the web for makeup ideas .... 
found a makeup design for tomorrow ... now sketching it out .... 
Happy All Hallow's < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had the best Hallow's < PROPFEMALE > ever ! 
is cleaning and creating a bulletin board ... 
is making snowflakes .... 
is relaxing around the room ... all RCL assigned tasks done for the evening . 
survived registration ... 
is working on another sewing project .... 
is relaxing ... 
has the tools .... now all she needs to do is use the talent . Practice tonight . 
is extremely stressed . I'm seriously over it . 
is feeling good ... tonight is going to be a good night . 
is work , food , class/home , meeting , another meeting , on the road to Hampton .... long day . 
is in Newport News . 
is currently putting on 15 pounds of makeup for her first round of Nekocon ... pics and Con Report will be uploaded later . Stay tuned . 
finished first day of Nekocon ! < PROPMALE > Ayers kicked < PROPFEMALE > much butt in the rave ... 
getting ready for the second round of Nekocon ... 
Rave Round 2 : Freaking epic ! 
Nekocon final day .... 
is back in Farmvegas . Nekocon was freaking awesome . I got my CD autographed by Echoscream and a hug from guitarist Tomo ! 
wonders why someone would say that she wanted their \hard-earned cash\ " when she has her own money and it is so much sweeter because it's hers . It was just a joke . Period . " 
feels today is going to be a great day despite her allergies and throat soreness ... 
' s sinuses have cleared up but her sore throat still persists .... 
is feeling better ... throat still a little sore .... 
is jamming to Echostream .... 
lost the game . 
salutes the nation's veterans and those currently serving . I have the utmost respect for you all . 
cannot decide what to watch ! Interview with the Vampire ... Disorder in the Court ... The Ruins ... Top Chef ... Keith Olberman ... decisions , decisions ... 
just finished her < PROPMALE > piece entitled \Desolation\ " .... hopefully people will support me ! " 
wishes her mother , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , a happy birthday ! I wouldn't be here without you mom ... 
hope today will be a much drier day ... 
is settling in for a nice cozy evening of writing after spending the afternoon drinking tea with her best lady-friend . 
\Can you meet me halfway ? \"" 
has alot on her mind ... 
sees sunlight !!! 
just got a surprise visit from her mom ... 
is relaxing in her room watching some good stuff ... while on duty . 
\Cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of Meatballs\ " ... cutest movie ever . " 
Oh Monday .... 
studying for the MFAT ... 
has MFATs today ... wish me luck ! 
decimated the MFATs ... 
is enjoying hard earned relaxation .... 
\aa hitofude de ... \"" 
Sealand .... something to ponder .... 
is listening to 80s hits ... 
has finished cleaning her room after being inspired by 80s music ... love it . 
is curled up in bed and watching some tv ... 
Dear Forces of Nature , I like rain ... just not all the time . Love , Autumn . 
Dear Longwood , thank you for acknowledging winter solstice/yule/neopaganism . It is most appreciated . Love , Autumn . 
is snuggled up in bed .... 
Friday .... finally ! 
finds it interesting how a really good day can become really sour . The night is ruined for me . 
is relaxing in bed and watching her shows ... 
thinks it's abnormally bright outside ... * squints eyes * 
is dealing with grief ... 
is back home , curled up in bed ... 
Sunday frolicking ! 
is relaxing and enjoying the evening frost ... 
is doing research for a paper ... 
doesn't know what to say ... 
Spiritualist Principle #5 : Personal Responsibility . 
Rain .... 
PLUR ... 
Peace , Love , Unity , and Respect/Responsibility ... PLUR . Live it . Love it always . 
is work then home .... 
is home ... 
is embarking on a mission of epic proportions . Today she will be marinating the turkeys , baking apple crumb pie , pumpkin pie , red < PROPFEMALE > cake , apple cinnamon muffins , and preparing rice pudding and bread pudding . Bring it on . 
is loving every moment of baking . 
is thankful for the people in her life and the experiences that she has had , both negative and positive . Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
is burned out . 
is baking some brownies ... 
is working on senior sem paper and Eng 400 proposal ... 
is irritated she got nothing done ... 
wants to make a gingerbread house with a matching gingerbread tree , but one of her uncles keeps eating the roof ... 
is going back to LU ... joy . 
is back at LU ... in the cave . 
is working on her papers ... again . 
Soup .... mmmm ..... 
Desk duty ... two more duties to go for the semester ... 
is curled up in bed ... dreaming those dreams .... 
is hanging with her fave LAE brothers tonight .... 
is being productive ... 
is completely thrilled about all she accomplished within the time frame , and has decided to reward herself with sleep . 
is \ein neuer tag \"...." 
is writing her senior thesis ... Burger better like it . 
Senior Thesis Presentation today ... Happy National Hug Your RA Day ! 
thinks her thesis presentation went well ... 
is watching the premiere of Lawman ... Steven Segal went from kicking butt in movies to kicking butt on the streets ... 
recieved hugs from her residents , non-residents , friends , professors .. feels the love . 
feels significantly better after yesterday ... one more < PROPMALE > hurdle . 
working on her English 400 proposal . 
Infantile love follows the principle : \I love because I am loved . \ " Mature love follows the principle : \ " I am loved because I love . \ " Immature love says : \ " I love you because I need you . \ " Mature love says : \ " I need you because I love you . \ " -- < PROPMALE > Fromm " 
is making bracelets .... 
“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do . ” -- Walter Bagehot 
Syfy's dark adaptation to < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland = epic . Ready for part two tonight ! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > on Syfy ... Jack of Hearts is MINE ! 
finished watching all of Alice ... Very good adaptation and < PROPFIRST > Heart is my lover ... Charlotte Trant claims Hatter ... 
is in a very good mood ... 
is on her last duty for the semester ... 
has a short day ahead ... 
is relaxing in the room ... the day was longer than anticipated . 
December 10 , 1948 > Universal Declaration of Human Rights adopted by < PROPFEMALE > . Happy Human Rights Day ! 
is playing < PROPFIRST > Kart with < PROPFIRST > Heard . 
is watching the < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show with < PROPFIRST > Heard . 
is playing < PROPFIRST > Kart with < PROPFIRST > ! 
is closing the building then home for break ... 
is at home ... 
is cooking dinner ... oh how I have missed you stove .... 
wants to know what love is ... like Foreigner ... 
is watching Tin Man on Syfy .. yay ... 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! 
recieved a 90 on her Senior Thesis ! I got an A in the class !!! 
is relaxing around the house ... 
is 3.5 this semester ... 
feels used ... severely used . 
Reality check for those who feel the world revolves them . It does not . No one owes you anything . You are nothing more than a carbon-based lifeform occupying space that could be better used for something else . The only thing you are guarenteed is to live and to take in air . Everything else , you must earn just like the rest of us on this planet . 
is finding the quiet place in her soul ... 
is paid . 
is having a decent day today ... 
is counting down the days .... 
dislikes being avoided . Be direct . 
lost a glass slipper ... that's what I get for trying to go through the back door . 
Nani wa ? 
It's snowing here ... 
is relaxing ... probably going out in the winter wonderland later to get some food ... because my body needs it ... 
* sips tea * Exactly .... 
watched some people ride by her house on snowmobiles ... 
is venturing out into the snow to retrieve food and supplies ... * hops on the sleigh and looks at the barking dogs * Ready ? Mush ! Mush ! Mush ! 
is trying to keep warm as best she can ... 
Happy Yule and Winter Solstice ! The celebration begins at sunset ... 
recieved the best solstice gift ever ... an hour phone call . 
baking some cookies with the mom today ... 
baking cookies with the mom today .... oh and happy birthday Seifer Almasy ... 
Two things : Chicken and Waffles .... exactly . 
is still baking with mom and now < PROPFIRST > Heard has joined the party ... I'm making peanut brittle . 
is cooking the evening meal ... chicken < PROPMALE > with garlic bread ... 
is waiting for the peanut brittle to cool ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all that celebrate ... 
' s birthday is today . Put some 22s on it . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all who celebrate . 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes everyone ! I hope you all have a nice Christmas , for the ones that celebrate . 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! Happy Boxing Day ! 
doesn't even know anymore ... 
just made a homemade pot pie .... 
exists ... 
finally finished installing patches for Sims and now is playing with her new and improved inventory ... 
is bangin ' on a trashcan ... 
is dreading the day already .... 
Neckbones and beans .... yum . 
' s life is average . 
is drinking hot chocolate with a good read in hand ... 
is totally feeling \Diamond Dust\ " by DJ KaKuMei and DJ FuLon " 
Iron Chef ! 
is listening to Gackt once more ... I love j-rock . 
Thrillseekers-Dreaming of You ( Above and Beyond remix ) ... exactly . 
is watching some internet tv ... 
is out at the store with the mom ... 
is relaxing one last day before training begins again ... 
is returning to < PROPFEMALE > today ... 
is going out with the < PROPFEMALE > peeps for some R & R .... 
had a great time and now is curling up the bed to get some sleep . Long day of training tomorrow ... 
will be in training today ... again . 
was productive today . Finished all door decs for the halls and gathered all the supplies and info needed to put the bulletin boards together . Last and final day of RA training tomorrow ... ever . 
is in her last day of RA Training ... ever . 
is working on her second bulletin board . 
is finished with her second bulletin board . It glows in the dark . Relaxing and whatnot until sleeptime . Black lace on purple . 
is relaxing in the room with some Dew . 
fell head over heels in love this afternoon ... 
thinking about that special person brings a smile to her face even in the worst of situations . It's like retaining hope in the pouring rain , even though they are an hour late because you know they will be there for you . It's bliss ... 
is euphoric ... 
is roaming around Farmville ... 
wonders what happened to the suave gentleman in the 21st century ... 
had a productive first day of classes . Now to relax the night away ... 
finished with work and class .... now relaxing for the evening .... 
Sociology of Religion @ 11 and Race , Class , and Gender @ 12.30 .... good times ... 
is hanging out with < PROPFIRST > Heard ... 
is poking < PROPFIRST > Heard in real time ... 
believes it is way too early to be getting ready for the day . Hanging around Farmvegas with the military cop today ... 
was supposed to have a nice day today but that never happened ... hopefully I can salvage the night . 
is trying the awesome day again ... 
is relaxing before duty tonight ... maybe get the < PROPMALE > project done .... maybe . 
is sitting desk and watching Super Milk < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is watching Super Milk < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is doing work , watching Milk < PROPFEMALE > and playing MouseHunt . :O ) 
is relaxing the rest of the evening ... 
is ready for < PROPMALE > class , then FFA Tourney on MouseHunt . Let's bring on the noise Cat Bureau ! 
is relaxing , working on a sketch for < PROPMALE > , and trying to bring the noise on . 
didn't bring the noise but will in the morning before class ... 
is in a sour mood ... 
wonders who in the hell thought that a college student could live off of 286.00 for the entire semester ... 
is hanging with her best lady friend :o ) 
is going to need her rest for the battle tomorrow morning ... 
is victorious in the battle ... me for the win . 
spent that day with her best lady friend and saw her favorite District 24 PPOs today at walmart . Now to relax for the rest of the night ... 
is spending the day relaxing in the room ... 
is resting after her long night out ... 
is still floating on the weekend high ... Like < PROPMALE > Mardones , I went into the night .. 
is the weekend high is gone ... reality just slapped me across the face ... fml . 
rejects this reality and replaces it with her own ... 
is hanging out with < PROPFIRST > Heard and playing wii ... 
approves of her new reality ... 
appreciates snow . A sweeping calm envelopes nature into silence . Allows for solitude and reflection . 
is arctic brunch with < PROPMALE > Axson . 
is curled up in bed and enjoying the snow .... 
is curled up in bed thinking of a special someone ... 
is painting the Tokyo skyline at night ... 
is not pleased because her money has not arrived . Care to answer Longwood ? 
is relaxing in her cozy bed ... 
is not a pleasant person today . You have been forewarned . 
Go to UrbanDictionary.com and search your first name . Then post the FIRST response as a comment after posting this as your status . 
is snuggled up in her bed .... 
thinks the fates are out to get her ... 
believes the weekend will be better .... 
feels the butterflies fluttering ... 
is suffering from insomnia ... fml . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . < PROPFIRST > Walken . Alucard . Hellsing OVA day ... 
is RA Interviews ... 
is done interviewing and will spend the rest of the day relaxing .... 
hopes the commercials do not fail her ... 
has \Shinto Shite\ " by Suilen stuck in her head .... ugh . " 
has her money ... finally . 
had a good day and is determined to have a good night ... 
is chilling at the front desk .... 
is looking up geometric patterns for her next < PROPMALE > assignment ... yay . 
got a haircut :o ) 
loves her new haircut and all its layers ... 
has a newfound appreciation for her mother after today's class activity . She was raising two kids on a much less income than my group had . 
is watching B Japanese zombie movies with < PROPFIRST > Heard . 
is playing < PROPFIRST > Kart ! 
is back from dinner and a movie :o ) 
is cleaning the room ... 
is attending the Vagina Monologues ... excitement . 
is back from the Vagina Monologues was amazing ! Now relaxing for the rest of the night . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day : For all who you love not just who you are with ... 
is curled up in bed ... 
is Muggy Monday ... 
is Mardi Gras :o ) 
is back to the daily grind ... 
is sitting desk ... 
is relaxing in the room ... 
is relaxing all day ... 
is griding a picture to be painted :o ) 
is sitting desk and working on the March bulletin board . Residents approve . 
has accomplished much tonight . Rewarding herself with relaxation and sleep . 
is finishing up the board ... 
is finished the board and now relaxing in the room ... 
is listening to some MJ before bed ... \Rock With You \"." 
is curled up in her cozy bed ... 
is at work ... facebooking it again ... 
doesn't feel good ... 
still feels horrible ... 
thanks everyone for the well wishes ! I'm feeling better than yesterday but I still have a long way to go .. 
is feeling better ... 
can finally relax ... 
is in bulletin board construction mode ... 
is relaxing in the room for the rest of the night ... 
needs to feed ... 
is enjoying the quiet of desk ... 
is Monday ... 
is doing some work at the desk ... 
is relaxing after an action packed night ... 
is watching it snow ... 
is writing a paper and finishing a midterm ... 
is finally relaxing .... 
is spending the weekend in Farmvegas and then traveling back to the 757 . 
is playing Samba de Amigo in the room ... cha cha cha ! 
is speechless after that phone call ... 
is curled up in bed ... breakfast with mother in the morning . 
' s order at Burger King : 1 Double Cheeseburger , 1 Large Onion Ring with a side of SmackDown .... 
is leaving for the 757 in the morning ... 
is returning to the 757 today ... hit the cell if you want to < PROPFEMALE > . 
is shopping and going to the zoo ... 
is hotel rave then night out with the MP ... 
is tired of drama-llama ... seriously . 
is done raving and now is searching for food ... 
is relaxing the rest of the night ... 
is going to the mall with < PROPFIRST > Heard and Gio-kunz .... 
felt the death of something beautiful last night ... 
is attending a wedding . Congrats < PROPFIRST > Shields ! 
is back in Farmvegas and doing some spring cleaning ... 
As if my life couldn't get any freaking worse ...! 
life is like a Maury show at the moment . Never-ending stupidity and all ... 
is trying to get some peace ... 
is the tall < PROPFEMALE > of her family ... 
is relaxing in the room and watching Solitary for the rest of the night .... 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
is enjoying the nice weather .... 
Sustainability ... because the < PROPFEMALE > and Mars aren't options and we have to preserve what we have left of our planet ... 
' s foot is swollen . Some bug must've stung me . :o ( 
is relaxing in the room and resting the foot ... 
is painting with some watercolors today ... 
is enjoying the night breeze coming through her window ... 
is enjoying the spring breeze ... 
is getting some fresh air ... 
is still waiting for his arrival ... 
is trying to accomplish all of the little domestic things before things become hectic again . 
is watching Little Shop of Horrors ... 
is doing a little reading before relaxing the rest of the night .... 
has so much to do and little time to do it ... 
is physically and mentally exhausted .... 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood ... 
has hay fever ... eww . 
is trying to relax ... but failing miserably . 
is on Spring Weekend duty ... getting it out of the way early . 
is enjoying the fresh spring air ... 
is enjoying Spring Weekend ... support RA Mentors by pieing RAs ! 
Great job to everyone who worked the booth today ! You rock ! Relaxing for the rest of the night ... 
Waay too many people in the store today ! Glad I have tomorrow off ! 
is home and relaxing .... 
is going to finish Project Infinity ... 
Project Infinity is 98% complete ... waiting for the other 2% to wake up lol ... 
is having a wonderful day ... 
is waiting for Kevie to get home so he can harass me ... his harassment always brings me out of a bad mood ... 
is tired of the constant rejection from the establishment . I think it's time I stop trying and cut my own path to success . Their loss is my gain . 
is currently writing a business plan ... let's see how this works out :p 
is finished the model ... hanging out in BN until work at 5 .... 
is off to work .... 
is home relaxing ... 
OMG ! Just found Kev's stash of Sailor < PROPFEMALE > CDs ... guess who's making a Yule Log DVD this year ... 
changed her FB language to pirate ... kinda badass ... 
is doing some research before work ... 
is home from work ... bleh . 
is off to another long day of work ... 
is home from work and extremely sick ... gross . :o ( 
is still feeling gross .. nausea is gone for now ... 
is doing a bit better today ... well enough to work this nine hour shift I guess ... 
is finally back home ... having a coolers and pub food night with Kev ... 
is off to another day of work 11-5 ... then nap time ! 
is home from work . That place was an animal house .... 
has to work today then freedom .... 
Freedom tastes so good ... 
is relaxing ... working on some pieces ... 
got called into work ... 2-5 ... bleh . 
is off work and relaxing ... planning out my next project ... 
is working ... 12-8 ... then freedom . 
is looking for a new job . Nekocon uncertain as of now .... 
is getting dressed so she can acquire < PROPFIRST > Nanbara Negron . +50 awesomeness ... level up ! 
has acquired Vanny ... party tonight at the apt ! 
feeling a bit lost right now ... 
CNC is a go tonight ! OGs in the house tonight ! 
enjoyed hilarious commentary on the Last Dragon with the CNC tonight ... 
is still hanging out with Vanny lol ... 
Sooo ... apparently Vanny wants me to dress up as Roxy .... hmmmm ... 
is having a Mystery Science Theater moment with < PROPFIRST > Nanbara Negron ... lmfao ! 
had an amazing weekend visit from < PROPFIRST > Nanbara Negron . I haven't laughed so hard in months ! Something I definitely needed ... 
is doing some crafts today ! 
just found her universal spool holder for her sewing machine after three years .... YESSSSS ! 
is hanging out at the local BN before work ... having lunch , doing stuff ... 
is off to work ... 
is home relaxing ... working on some macrame ... 
BEAD REAMER !!!!! 
is off to work ! 
is home from work ... relaxing for the rest of the night ... 
is up bright and early to work the midday shift ... 11-7 bleh . 
is off work and hanging out at BN ... 
is off to work ... 12- 6.30 ... 
is hanging out around the apartment ... trying to motivate self to cook dinner ... failing miserably ... 
realizes there's a fine line between customer service and indentured servitude .... 
is relaxing ... probably going to reaming beads later on ... big projects this weekend ! 
Last day today ... bittersweet for sure . 
Is at work ... visits are cool cause it's slow ... 
is official a free agent .... 
Is out to lunch with kevie ... 
is in hippie mode ... braiding some hemp ... reaming beads ... the norm . 
Jungle DnB .... yesssssssssss .... * jams * 
is fiddling with some hemp and seashells ... 
is considering working for a non-profit organization .... hmm .... 
is trying to stay positive in these dark times ... I need a miracle and fast ... 
is trying to motivate self to finish this awesome bracelet ... 
is relaxing ... harassing Kev ... 
No job application should take 2.5 hours to fill out ... seriously . 
is finally finished the job application and can relax ! 
has lost 30 lbs since the journey began ... 
just got an interview tomorrow .... best morning EVER . 
has a phone interview in 30 .... * thinking good thoughts * 
Phone interview went well ... hopefully , I can pass the background check ... 
Whoa whoa WHOA ... rave in Farmville ?! WTF ! 
is hosting the last CNC with OG Darien Aybar tonight in the beach apt at 7pm . Throwing down some serious flicks and holding nothing back ! 
has Ferry Corsten on blast .... 
is jamming out to some 80s goodness ... thank you Darien Aybar . 
is fiddling around with some bass ... 
