Nothing like ringing in the New Year with randoms at the Coney ...... sorry < PROPMALE > you can not sleep on my floor . 

There's just not enough time to slummber ! 
Who keeps a miscarriage in the freezer next to the peas and the hungry man diners ? 
poo in a shoe ....... just not mine 
I had a fantastic time at the Polish Riviera ....... 
I love the whores at this bar ! I maen do you look at the slob your about to fuck ? 
I've been trying to wash the Sully off me for 2hrs . 
crap , I kicked my shoe into the lake an now it's floating away ! 
The world is filled with twunts ! 
got a lot of go getters over here ! 
Thank god for the class of 84 ........ 
is as serious as a < PROPFIRST > Penn movie ....... I enjoy dipping things into other things ! 
Share a popcorn ball with the apostle < PROPFIRST > 
I'm a burrower < PROPFIRST > ......... 
Has to travel to < PROPMALE > for doctors appt . anyone want to go for a ride ? 
Will a blow job with gobstoppers leave a wiener with colorful stripes ? 
Ahhh the giggles of the bar ! 
Grrrrrrrr ....... Love having people talk at me . 
Do all computer nerds drive gray ford fusions ? 
I need to start a taxi/b&b ..... for the left over drunks I find at the bar . 
Um , I just heard nine inch nails on wcsx ..... fuck does that mean I'm old ? 
NASA getting involved with the leg ....... 
well the ice chunk has taken a hold of a few things .......... 
Is using her dog voice to make new friends 
Was just told that at times I can be a breath of fresh air ........... hahahaha Nat ! 
Just scared to poo out of the roomie , nothing like cleaning ass splatter in the a.m. ! 
I hate insurance company's and my dumb leg ! 
Love bouncing Derfs out of the bar ! 
I'm about to be invaded by Big Brother Dorks ! 
Plotting to steal Eddie ..... I heart him ! J/K Nat . 
need another bathroom in this house ! I have to work folks ... not that I want to 
Don't be tardy for the party ......... 
Can a dog be a douche ? 
There are reasons why I don't drink ! 
I maybe dunking my roomie by removing the toilet seat tonight after the kids get dropped off ........ heart ya ! 
Logs on the couch ! 
I'm wondering if I'm now a Pulaski monkey ?!? 
Glitter and sludge ...... always make a great adventure ! 
why don't the dogs understand they need a bath ? 
I should start a moving company ! 
GGGGGGRRRRRRRR to no home ! 
Does the homeless guy come with the house ? 
What's going to happen today ? 
Nothing like a nice piece of hickory in the house ...... 
It's a sea of douche out there ! 
HELLO FRIENDS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
If your < PROPFEMALE > is destroyed by a stuffed bone it wasn't sturdy to being with 
It's sad when you don't know if someone is pre-op or post-op .... 
This is NOT something that a person should post about themselves ........... Everybody hates me because I am an obsessive , angry , judgemental , insecure bitch !!! Oh yeah , don't forget CRAZY !!!!! But I LOVE JESUS !!! God Bless you all =) Perhaps you should seek help within the medical profession and get tested for syphilis , just a friendly suggestion . 
Randazzel thank-you for babysitting the hot mess in the bar last night ! 
Was just told by my roomie \I'm going to punch you in your birthing canal\ " feel the love ! " 
Since when do folks start naming their children after Alcohol JAGER ????!!!!!! Really , really jager ? Come here Jager and while your at it bring me a shot of your namesake and that guy walking by the house you need a sibling . 
Nothing says \Happy Holidays\ " like getting smash in the face . " 
quite and mean these are my people .. 
my roommates gopher is heading to Florida .... she needs a stand in . 
How did my craigslist post get flagged ? 
Holy Ball sack Batman !! 
I have a < PROPFEMALE > pie and I will throw it at you ! 
Ugggggggggggggg ! 
Why is every white trash event amplified in < PROPFEMALE > Tucky ? 
I'm in the mood to take people down ! Down to < PROPFEMALE > town that is . 
Ugg I'm never drinking again ! 
Rule #1 Cardio ... 
what happened ? 
I feel the need to punch many people ! 
For a milkshake my roommate will open the door to the house , otherwise stay off our porch .... thanks 
Rehearse for life ! 
When I was 14 I was murdered ........... heehee 
I enjoy the sounds of classic bon jovi .. it truly warms my soul ... it's bitch'n 
I should NOT be allowed to drink ! Ugg what happened ? 
Why do I have scratches on my face ? Anyone ? 
If anyone needs tickets to the first 2 home games for the red wings let me know . 
My leg hacking will be June 21th , goodtimes to be had . 
Don't drown , turn around ! 
You sound like a fortune cookie 
Wow I own a lot of stuff ! Thank god for U-Haul and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So my parking space is in a lake , not a puddle but a lake . 
I love this weekend ! good baseball , good freinds and lets not forget beer ! 
Yep I still hate hippies ! Stupid douche bags ! 
Why are people douche bags ? Don't get pissed when I speak to you like you speak to me ........ hint : you suck ! 
I hurt ! why does the sun curse me with it's rays of anger ? 
Sad tomorrow is my last day bartending at tops :( 
ok everyone I am home , but sooooo tired ! I'm good it went well but I'm going to bed . 
Ok I'm bored , wheeling around my apartment is only fun the first 50 laps 
Have you had an Idaho potato come out of your arse ? 
Percocet makes one have bizarrely lovely dreams ... 
I was stalked once , by a dog ...... 
Surgery < PROPMALE > just came in , $ 16,068 . Can't wait for the hospital stay < PROPMALE > ! 
Quote of the day ; He loved the solid , comfortable ugliness .... 
Would anyone like to guess how much my 1st doctor's visit was ? Clue I almost pissed myself . 
I wish they made big wheels for adults ! 
Riding a bike can really tucker a gal out ! ( chill out it was stationary ) 
Glad to know my Dr. laughed at me driving . 
Put my nipple rings back in now damn it !....... ha funny drunks 
3 months down , who knows how many more to go .......... ugh I'm over it 
Gorilla juice head ......... 
I'm sorry Sir but you are a send back . 
I like to park in handicap spaces , while handicap people make handicapped faces 
Is it wrong to say that midgets are like purse dogs ? 
25 more days until my trap maybe removed ........ and yes i will be taping it ! 
From the look I was given when getting my Turkey Trot package they don't have a lot of cripples running or walking this year . 
hmmm tequlia and sprite sound about right 
This time next week I will be free from the bear trap !!!! 
Longest 3 days of my life ..... 
15 hours and counting !!!! 
BREAKING NEWS : Bear trap free ! The surgery went well , I was awake and it was kinda cool . Sore as hell and I'm now couch bound for the next few days . 
huh , frog !? FROG ! 
There is a God !!!! Midget tossing in March !!!! 
Never toss your midget to far , you'll lose them ! 
No you can not toss a midget 30ft in the air ! they're not like < PROPFEMALE > beattle , they can't go that high and land , they lack a hardcandy shell .... quote from < PROPFIRST > 
