where do they come up with this stuff ? 

Now there's one I like . This weather is making me cranky 
Things that make you go hmmmmmmmmmmm ............... Young kids playing ball in 97 degree weather . I was about to have a heat stroke just watching them . 
I'm thinking that if welfare paid a little more , I might be interested . Working every day is for the birds . I've gotten kind of spoiled being laid off . I can't work .... I need a pedicure :) 
Oh never mind the pedicure . < PROPMALE > wants a house payment . Damn the bad luck ! 
< PROPFIRST > Phillips is on vacation but her husband is home waiting by the door with a loaded something or other !!!! There < PROPFIRST > .... Looking out for you girl . Remember , You got broke into the last time you mentioned leaving town on this lovely site :) 
Nothing is on my mind . What could that possibly mean ???? 
I learned a lot about friendships this weekend . True friends are worth their weight in gold .... not so true friends just weigh you down . 
If a first you don't succeed , try , try again ! Who would have known that those would be words to live by . I thought it was just some dorky thing my parents said to make me feel better as a kid . Those words are more important to me now than they have < PROPFEMALE > 
It was my gut to vote yes on that poll . Michigan is a tough economy , but we all know it's easier to land a job if you have clean pee ! The negative side of testing is the the children of the drugies are adversely affected . They didn't choose to be born 
I wanna know who spiked the punch ? :) 
I don't know what the heck I'm doing . I was trying to change my profile picture and ended up posting this . Just ignore me . I'm facebook challenged . 
she has taught me to never ever quit , even when the going gets tough . Because of her , my glass is usually \half full\ " . I don't know what I would do without the positive influence she has had on my life . Thanks Girls ! I love you all . " 
I'm sitting here feeling really grateful for my closest girl friends-For < PROPFEMALE > because I can tell her ANYTHING & know that it stays w/ < PROPFEMALE > . We smile just because we are together -for < PROPFEMALE > because our 20 yr , friendship has been so easy . We can pick up where we left off & never miss a beat-For < PROPFIRST > because we laugh our asses off about stuff that no one else thinks is funny . She is like a sis -& for < PROPFEMALE > because 
Gosh I'm mushy tonight . I better get to bed . This is getting out of hand !!! Goodnight peeps :) 
Well behaved women rarely make history ! ( Written by someone really smart ... just can't remember who ) 
Headed to the crotch doctor ( everyone else writes their every move on this site .... thought I would test it and see how it works for me . Is this too much information ? :) 
Thanks to all of you who donated to MDA this weekend !! Our youngest son has a form of MD that makes it difficult for him to walk like normal people . I hope I live long enough to to see the day that MD doesn't exist . He starts middle school today and gets braces on his legs in two weeks . God help the kid that calls him < PROPMALE > Gump . It's going to be a case of Rambo meets white trash . You'll see me in the papers :) 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
My < PROPMALE > got his leg braces yesterday . They have a very cool design on them , which he picked out . He says \I feel sorry for the \ " normal\ " kids who don't have these . \ " Now there's some positive thinking ...... That's my boy !!!! It's so awesome to watch him walk the way he's supposed to . I could watch him walk all day ! :) " 
I'm going to be soooooo much prettier tomorrow . I'm losing a very ugly gallbladder ..... OUCH ! Someone please tell me that the recovery is QUICK ! I've got places to go and things to do ! :) 
I hate it when people use the emergency room to find out the sex of their baby . Ultrasound techs need sleep too ! Yawn ! Goodnight friends :) 
This is the time for giving ... if you have a stamp and a Christmas card lying around , please send it out . < PROPMALE > Biorkman is a 5yr old boy who is in his last stages of neuroblastoma cancer after a 2 1/2 year battle . His family is celebrating Christmas next week and all he wants are Christmas cards . His address is 1141 Fountain View Circle South Lyon MI 48178 . 
It's the prettiest Saturday in November and I'm studying phyics . I just want to go on record as saying .... I have waaay too much personality for this ! I think I'd chose a yeast infection over this ! :) 
Anyone interested in going to Boogie Fever Friday night ? It's a bar in Ferndale that plays 70s and 80s music .... and Yup .... There's a disco ball . :) We are taking a limo bus from Flint at 8:00 p.m. and will be back at 2:00 a.m. The cost is $30 a piece if we have 20 girls . We have 16 confirmed right now so we have room for 4 more . If you are interested let me know . Should be lots of fun !! 
I'm also thankful for the great friends who \babysat\ " me last night after I got hit by the < PROPFEMALE > truck . I promise to be on my best behavior on the next girls trip . " 
Today I'm thankful for pain medicine . I started a dance class last night with < PROPFIRST > and every muscle in my body hurts . This color outside of the lines .... stepping outside of the box thing is painful . All I want for Christmas is a little mojo and a little rhythm . I don't want to embarrass us all when it comes to our performance !!!! 
Today I'm thankful for pain medicine 4 a different reason . I fractured my ankle on Fri . I was at a black Friday sale & this old lady tried to snatch the last < PROPFIRST > Simmons tape out of my hand . I punched her in the face & made her mouth bleed , but not before she got a good shot at my ankle w/her brand new cowboy boots . Gosh it was ugly ! Really , I was just being clumsy & fell , but I like that other story way better :) 
For all of you who wore your pajamas backwards and did the snow dance last night .... it worked ! Although there isn't a lot of accumulation , the roads are treacherous . It took me 2 hours to go 40 < PROPMALE > last night when I got called into work . Next time please start your snow dance around 3 a.m. o.k. ? Thank you for your cooperation in this manner :) Be safe out there today ! Nightie night 
What's up with all the colors ? I'm in the dark ~ 
Leopard 
Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future . Give so much time to the improvement of yourself that you have no time to criticize others . Live in the faith that the whole world is on your side so long as you are true to the best that is in you !!!! Christian D . Larson 
< PROPFEMALE > this is for you , but I think everyone will benefit from it . I love this .... Promise yourself to be strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind . Look at the < PROPFEMALE > side of everything & make optimism come true . Think only the best , work only for the best , and expect only the best . 
I just got back from the Symphony and now I'm all caught up on the sleep I missed this week . I was there because I didn't know any better , but people really go there knowing full well what they are in for . That's one of things that make you go hmmmmmm . So , I don't have any class ..... Big Deal ! :) 
Made my way back to Genesys Athletic Club today . Just walking through the doors sure makes you feel like royalty . What a nice gym . Looking at my bank statement isn't quite as exciting . You pay like you're royalty too ...... I'm just hoping that pretty gym gives me a prettier body STAT !!!!! :) 
12 years ago today I gave birth to one of the coolest kids on the face of this planet . I feel like the luckiest girl in the world to be his mom . Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
I had the best conversation with an old friend today . Although memory < PROPFIRST > can be a lot like Terror trail .... sometimes it's just good old belly laughing fun . I appreciate the friends I've made in my life . 
I'm kicking myself for not going to school to be a teacher !!!!! Unfortunately , people still get sick when there is 8 feet of snow on the ground . Ugh ! 
Today is my baby girl's 6th birthday . Where oh where has time gone ? Hold on to your babies tonight - they'll be graduating before you know it ! Happy birthday to < PROPFEMALE > ..... my favorite girl in the whole wide world !!!! 
Just when you thought it was safe ......... I'M BACK !!!!! 
Tonsillectomy , adenoidectomy ..... what the hecktomy ! My < PROPMALE > is wishing he had his tonsils back right now and I'm wishing he wasn't in such pain ! 
STATE ROCKS !!!!! 
My dream job is to drive the < PROPFEMALE > bus ! :) 
Homecoming night was much more fun when I was the kid instead of the parent . Hoping the girls stay warm without the help of the boys ! 
Reading my little book \Charging The Human Battery\ " and came across a great quote ..... \ " The brick walls are not there to keep us out ; the brick walls are there to give us a < PROPMALE > to show how badly we want something . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Pausch ..... LOVE IT !!!!! " 
¡ ???? ??? s ??? ?? ? ooq ???? ? sn pu ? pu ?? spu ?? ? op ???? u ?? u ?? 
Had a great time last night with the Haugers and the Snieders and some nice peeps we didn't even know ..... Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for having us over ! 
My future's so bright .... I gotta wear shades ! :) 
Just in case you were wondering ....... Transvaginal Ultrasound is a MEDICAL EXAM . Ultrasound techs do not do this because we are attracted to your wife/girlfriend . Please do not comment on how hot you think it is if you're in the room while this exam is being performed . As soon as someone starts having fun .... MY JOB IS DONE ! Thank you for your cooperation in this matter ! :) 
Does anyone know of a family who has a child with a disability that can't provide toys for their children for Christmas ? I got a call today from a woman who has $ 1,000 worth of new toys for kids age 2-12 that she wants to donate . She was very specific about the fact that she wanted them to go to families that have financial need & a child with a disability . Does anyone know of a family that fits that description ? 
