is upset with Oregon's loss in The < PROPFEMALE > Bowl 

is tired , and feelin kinda lonely 
is excited for his birthday on monday , but kinda wants to take an extremely early morning drive right now too ... 
heard that those redboxes are gonna have wii titles ! yay ! Also , he is gonna upload new pics ... 
took a cat nap and is ready to go do ... something ... 
is gonna crash , if you ABSOLUTELY need to talk to him between now and tomorrow morning , go cry about it to someone other than him ... or call him if you have free cookies ... 
got his new licence ... its kinda lame looking ... 
wished he was relaxin on a beach at Cabo San < PROPMALE > after he ate dinner at that mexican resturant ! 
had a great weekend , and a lovely Labor Day cookout . His storybook weekend , must close , so that non-fiction may rule his life once again and restore balance and order to the world . 
is more tired than you can imagine ! GOOD NIGHT ! 
just saved a bunch of money by not switching to GEICO ... too bad pay day is like 3 days away ... 
watched Kanye make a FOOL out of himself at the VMAs ! Yes , Beyonce's video was better , but it wasn't his choice or place to embaress < PROPFIRST > Swift live in front of MILLIONS of people ! 
is thinking about breakfast already ... 
has that empty feeling inside ... 
seems to be the only person in the world without anybody to love tonight ... * sigh * 
knows that the devil is a liar ! 
knows what he must do ... Arnold Palmers anyone ? 
is just chillin , anyone wanna talk to him ?? 
kissed a girl for the first time tonight ... 
is suave and in love 
didnt go to the concert :( 
just cant believe how cheap and poorly constructed cellphones are ... 
doesnt like payday , because the money never touches his hand for more than a day or two ... 
is getting ready for bed ! 
doesnt have a beneficiary for his IRA ... oh well , on to the < PROPFEMALE > Classic ! 
bought his first lotto ticket !!! too bad he lost ... 
knows that its gonna be hard sometimes , but life's only for a second so why sweat it ? oh , because it hurts ... duh ... 
is so ready for something good to happen right about now ! 
is looking for a reasonably priced vacation spot along the coast ! 
needs to find a house and some tuition money !!! 
is sittin at home on date night ... time to turn on the xbox , play some fallout 3 , then flash the drive !!! 
really wants some chinese food !!!!!! 
is glad that the flu has passed from him ! 
can't wait for a < PROPMALE > to take a sunday strole in the south ... in four days ... 
is taking it easy this weekend . anybody wanna text ? 
ate too much pizza ... 
had a long day , spoke at an expo , had meetings all after that , p&w practice , co-writting a cookbook , proofing the cookbook , printing the cookbook , organizing the pages , binding the book , and finally eating chinese food , ready to hit the sack ! 
is sad that they arrested the hot sauce packet at the new taco < PROPFEMALE > ... 
had quite the vacation ! It was too bad that he didnt have cellphone reception ... or a laptop to post thousands of updates and feeds on the internet ! 
wishes he had taken his camera out while he was on vacation ! 
just got back from a revival . nothing like a little bit of word to calm the soul . 
just got back in from the wedding ... and doesnt really want to take off the tux ... 
just realized that he looks a lot like Kool Moe < PROPFIRST > ... A lot like Kool Moe < PROPFIRST > ... 
is filling out scholarship applications ! 
is now officially a Titan ! hooray for FINALLY getting into school ! and hooray for in-state tuition status ! 
is ok with the snow , as long as there's food in the fridge and electricity in the xbox ... 
had a truely < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Lots of good food , family , friends , and good gifts . the best gift being the gift of life , love , and everlasting joy 
can't wait for the new year ! 
Woot !! Ringing in the new year at ihop !!!! 2011 bring on the challenge and bring on rewards !! 
everyone in my church is trying to get on facebook from their phones !! Lol 
Oh lord , \ 
Oh lord I gotta go ... \ 
Back there , \ 
Back there , I gotta go ... 
Loves his new android !!!!! 
had to re-register for classes ... not good :( 
just got back from the dentist ... 
is buying textbooks ... thank you amazon.com! 
wants some Taco Bell ... or Kyoto Express ... He just wants some food ... 
is trying to find a good laptop for college ... and video games :P 
is kinda nervous about school on Monday ... 
is in love with all you can eat pancakes at IHOP !!!! yumm !!! :P 
has his first day of school tomorrow ... any words of encouragement ? 
is waiting for CIS 110 to start ... 
said \wow ... $80 for a code to log onto a class online ... \"" 
is on a 5min class break 
had a great day overall ! school , work , and the basics ... couldnt get much better than that ! 
survived school by the way ! lol 
almost got new glasses today ! soon though ... 
is in a love/hate relationship with Amazon.com 
hates it when you plan to take a quick little power nap before class , but then everything in the world comes to mind and prevents said nap ... 
lost his train of thought ... 
is picking up his new glasses today !! :D 
hates how difficult facebook is being tonight ! 
was looking at the snow earlier , and is now getting ready to look at the back of his eyelids ... 
doesnt think he has this doppelgänger everyone is talking about ... three cheers for individuality !!! 
is glad that < PROPFIRST>'s Day is over ! 
is the C-A-S-A , the N-O-V-A , And the rest is F-L-Y ! 
likes the new Microsoft Office 2010 Beta 
thinks tax time is one of the most confusing times ever ! 
is trying to study for mid-term tests for tomorrow ! 
wants to be a billionare , so freaking bad ... 
wants to say happy mothers day to any and all mothers , future mothers , grandmothers , great grandmothers , and any other kind of mother on facebook ! yall are great and we love and appreciate you all , but my mom < PROPFEMALE > Phelps McGirt is the best !!! :) 
has a fine looking car !!!!! 
Has saved the world until next month ... 
ran a 5k this morning for the Guilford Heart and Stroke Walk 2010 ! well , it was part run part walk lol 
There is a national moment of prayer ( or silence ) at 3pm on this Memorial Day to honor our soldiers , past and present , at home and abroad , alive and killed in the line of duty . Please thank a soldier for their selfless service and sacrifice that was made for you . 
should be called McGrill ... :D 
is restringing that bass ... its been too long since it was done last 
got home-made jam in the mail today ! yummm ! Thanks Gram ! 
hahaha I wanna be able to move like this when I get older ! \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pHzAMMDvdqg&feature=player_embedded 
has not posted a new picture in a while ... will be changing that soon 
knows that when it rains , it poors . But God . \ 
Job 23:10 
Bored and home alone on a saturday night ... what should i do ? Hmmm ... 
has to save the world again this weekend ? O_o \ 
\Didn't I just do that last month ? \"" 
Left a note on the wall ... it reads :\ 
\Out saving the world 
Has saved the world yet again until next month ... now where is the Icy Hot ? 
wants to know who would put a facebook fanpage on facebook ? oh , facebook did it ? can you say vain ? last time i checked , if you post on here , you like facebook do you not ? >.< 
is proud that he can sew a button on a shirt , and fix a rip too . But will they stay fixed for long ...? 
would like some bandwidth from TWC .. And a cookie would be nice too :) 
knew it should have been him , but also knew and knows that God blocked it 
got a car finally . ' 92 Accord 
has installed the car stereo .. and will reinstall the center console .. Tomorrow lol\ 
BTW , The count down has begun ! 16 DAYS !! :O 
Leaves for MEPS in 2 weeks , then reports for duty that next day . HOOAH ! 
saw on the news last night where two bands from Oregon had their vans crash ... Way to go Pacific Northwest , You make news acrossed the nation for being stupid ... 
has posted pics of the new ride in the \Recent Pics\ " album .. Go take a look ! " 
Has single digits left ... 9 days until i start my orders 
Hates cricket mobile with a pssion 
Also hates their phones with a PASSION ! 
is back from the beach by the way . Been at Tybee Island for the weekend , had a great time and will post pictures sometime :) 
has eight days left ... time flies too fast ... 
L is for Loyalty\ 
D is for Duty\ 
R is for Respect\ 
S is for Selfless Service\ 
H is for Honor\ 
I is for Integrity\ 
P is for Personal Courage\ 
\ 
The Army Values 
found out that he will probably be taking a plane to Ft . Jackson ... first class hopefully ? lol 
put a note on his wall saying :\ 
\ 
' Dear world . I am going to be saving you this weekend . This will be the last time that I will save you for six whole months or more . Do not be upset though , there are many other heros who will take over while I am gone . When I come back , I will be an American Soldier . \ 
Yours truely , \ 
- < PROPMALE > ' 
has 70.5 hours left . nerves are freaking out . can't sleep . ugh .. 
has 48 hours left ... last call for addresses , or anything important that you want to say ! 
... 23.5 hours until MEPS ! then 45.5 until < PROPMALE > ! 
Official update :\ 
12.75 hours until i board the shuttle bus that will take me to MEPS . Thanks everyone for all of your support ! Here I go , and I'll see you on the other side ! 
left a note on his wall that said , \ 
\Dear Everybody 
is SOOOOOO glad that he survived Basic Combat Training with very little trouble ! AIT is a totally different beast , but after doing what all he has done , there should be NOTHING that he cant do ! ( pictures and more information to follow in the next few weeks ) 
wants to wish everybody a safe evening ! I don't get to go out tonight . Bed checks are in 2 hours . I STILL need to get stuff from the PX , maybe they'll let us go tomorrow . E-Co . 2/39 is sticking together ! 2nd and 4th platoons united ! 
might get fast tracked on his training ! Janurary 11th is the possible graduation date ! yay ! 
Fireguard ... at 12:30 ? ughhh 
Sleep ! for like 3 more hours ... Thats the army life for me ! Going to the range maybe tomorrow morning . yay ! 
has finished week one of AIT . Too easy . 17 weeks left . Still too easy . Runing up and down a 1/4 mile hill with an incline of over 60% with gorilla drills thrown in going up the hill . I'll get back with you tomorrow and tell you if it was too easy or not ! lol 
has an EIGHT HOUR breifing tomorrow ......... surviving this was NOT covered in basic training ... 
wants to thank all those who have gone before him to serve the people of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > . I am proud to know that I am numbered among the few who were/are willing to give everything possible to protect the things that are they hold near and dear to them . Thank you Veterans and fellow current armed service members ! 
loves wearing his ASUs ( Dress Uniform ) and gets to wear them again on saturday ! yay ! Morale Event on saturday at some church . Love going on these details and representing < PROPFEMALE > Company and the 369 ! HOOAH ! 
is talking to his homie/battle buddie on messenger , who happens to be like 3 bunks away ! wow ... :P 
didnt have a good evening .. at all ... but tomorrow will be better right ? 
J'ai ton amour et je veux ton revenge .., \ 
... Sorta 
Ughh , yet ANOTHER detail ! \Masking of the flag . \ " what is it ? No idea . Fun ....... NOT ! " 
is tired ! ugh . too much getting up at 4:00 just to stand around for 2 hours and do nothing ! 
has a three day work week ! woot ! 
wants to wish all the people he knows a Happy Thanksgiving ! Spend time with your families , and be thankful for all that you have , especially the young people . There may come a day , when you're away from it all , and you have to just pray to God that you'll see them again soon just as you left them ! I'm thankful for all my friends and family , and for all the freedoms that I have been given . 
likes MJ , but isnt it kind of odd that he has a NEW CD coming out with NEW tracks , featuring duets with artists like Akon < PROPMALE > Kravitz , and 50 Cent ? 
Only got three hours of sleep . Thanks drunken battle buddies who come back to the bay at 11pm while the MPs are roaming . Guess that's the life of a PG/Bay Boss ... 
cant wait to go home ! 17 days ! technically the day is over , so its 16 days ! yes !!! 
AIT Tip #1 :\ 
Sleep when and where you can , even if its in a clothes hamper in a closet . \ 
AIT Tip #2 :\ 
Get a battle < PROPMALE > who will remember to wake you up for chow . \ 
AIT Tip #3 :\ 
Buy extra EVERYTHING . \ 
AIT Tip #4 :\ 
Sound off and everything will be alright 
\We're Commo Guys ... basically we're a bunch of geeks with guns ... really cool geeks with guns ... \ " \ 
\its just one of those days in the land of AIT \"" 
watched it snow for a little bit today ! wow ! 
Packing !!! Won't be online much until I get home ! It's so close ! Holiday block leave !!!!! Yay ! Excited ! 
Has gotten no sleep in the last 24 hours ! Ugh ! Can't wait to get home ! Too much drama here ! 
Will be getting on that bus in 27 hours ... Or so he thinks ... Either way , home awaits ! 
Got an early Christmas gift ! Earlier bus ! 0730 ! Hooah ! 
is home at last ... 8 hours ago . now , some well deserved sleep for this tired soldier 
Wow .. It's hard NOT being a soldier ! I almost bought an MRE for lunch while getting new dogtags made at the army-navy store ... plus I saw a SSG at the mall and went to parade rest ... Wow ... 
Has finished making cookies with his little sisters ! Time for a break ! 
Wants to wish all his brothers and sisters in arms over at Camp Phoenix and < PROPFEMALE > ry other inch of Afghanistan , Iraq , and < PROPFEMALE > rywhere else ! May God bless you and your family with safety and peace on this joyful < PROPFEMALE > and joyful day and joyful time of year ! 
By the way , all I wanted for Christmas was a Ranger Tab ... \ 
( Inside joke ) 
Is planning on going for an Airborne Shuffle tomorrow , who else is game for a zero dark thirty PT session ? Where's CSM White when you need him ? 
Is watching Lifetime with his mom ... who wants to do something ????? Please ? Lol 
Thinks everybody he knows is asleep ! 
wants to be like Will Smith in Independence Day ... Minus the whole < PROPFEMALE > thing . 
Heads up to the Dawg Pound , if you bought the Signal School patch ( 15th Signal Brigade ) we were overcharged ... $3 online at :\ 
http://www.eaglesofwar.com/c-3241-u-s-army-signal-school.aspx 
Was doing laundry at the laundromat , and had a conversation that melted his heart : \ 
Young boy : \Are you in the Army ? \ " \ 
Ok , 16 and pregnant season finale . They ask a girl what kind of b c she's using now . She said IUD , but the host said IED ... Soldiers beware ! O_o 
Is going for a run 
Is conducting AAR ... never run with your keys in the velcro pocket on your PT shorts ! Attach them to your tags ! 
Is cold !!!!! 
Is out of the cold ! Thanks Mom !!! 
Knows that the took < PROPMALE > of the clock us painful , all same and logical . He wants to year it off the wall . Goin back in 9 hours and 34 minutes ... hooah ? 
Just got on the bus .. here we go ! 
Said \Without me 
Im on a bus ... thats broken ... smh ... 
Is sitting to the coolest person on Ft . < PROPMALE > , Mz . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , on the bus at Ft . < PROPMALE > ... Saw E2/39 today , almost cried 
OMG !!!! a bus with wi-fi !!!! High speed !!!! 
Is watching Top Gun with Truly ! Battles all the way ! Hooah ! 
is chillin in the bay with his homeboi Truly 
\Combatives ! GO ! \"" 
Snow , MPs , sore muscles , big fluffy pillows and awesome chinese food ... AIT at Ft . Gordon , GA 
is in an army that has snow days ... thats army strong ... 
