Back to church ! Get there at 10 , leave at noon , get back at 1 , leave at 8 ... Could be elsewhere doing not such good things ... lol {= ^P 

home ... again at last ... sleep , well thats an option ... Text me ! {= ^)^ =} 
is thinking ... what's another few months ? I've been waiting All My Life ! 
is heading out to meet some friends from Imperial , MO and St. < PROPFIRST > ... heading out on their boat . Won't be back til tonite so don't get mad if I don't respond to texts ! God Bless ! 
just got home from a fun day with some friends ... sleep ? (optional ) lol 
is going to bed ... busy day ahead ! 
has found the PERFECT college that in a good price range and has EXACTLY what I'm looking for ! God is sooo amazing ! 
will be at church by 8am ... hope all goes well today(tomorrow ) lol 
had a reallly good day today ! Didn't get to spend time with a certain someone but other than that it was a great day ! I got my Social Security Card and on Tuesday of next week Im going to get my license !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Much better than yesterday :) 
spending new years with the best !! Get outta your mind . . . trick get out the way ! its my dancefloor ! goodnight to the haters ! 
had fun last night . . . and year !! Can't decide if i'm making changes or not !! WOrk in a few hours . . . <3 
Watching toy story three 
Actually , i'm watching toy story two bc i was talking to some friends about home alone three lol smh ¡ maself 
I saw your face in a crowded place and i sat to stare . You glanced at me and thats how it all began . I looked her in the eyes . That's when i did a happy cry cuz i found you . Again . I don't want to loose you . Again . Kiss me , love me , take my hand . We'll see the world , just go with me{ =^) 
yay ! Not only is it friday but my nine < PROPFEMALE > paper for english is done :) just finished so super stoked for the rest of today ! Work tonight but htc until four pm ! 
Who's the elephant now mom ? That's one hell of a long way for all that orange koolaid to go lmao . Stopthf 
that was like my 15th wind ... make that 14 ,,, i just passed one lmao you rock mom 
thats pretty frickin goat mom 
walrus face that cant hear or see or breathe . jumping bouncing starting with R 
Now that We're done playing musical lights , its time to be a bed bunnie . Mom quit stomping like a horse . I'm tryin to sleep and flicking my side doesn't help . Craving peanut butter and jelly with regular potato chips . Great night ! Up for an appt at eight 
goin to bed ... packing and leave tommoro til wed night . Goin back home !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -Loving Life- 
I would really love to see how God is taking care of all of this ... First had to get the car fixed . done . $1200 . BMW that I backed over in my truck this evening ... way expensive . My car literally went up and on top of this car . It was really low to the ground and I couldn't see it behind me . I was attempting to avoid an accident in front of me by going in reverse but no . I backed on top of a nice little BMW . FML SFL 
tired lol and i'm thinkin after all the crap that i've delt with today that it's time for bed .. night all . htc in the am before noon :) 
so i guess i'm a jerk because i was unhappy in a relationship and thats my fault that I never heard back from her but yet she was too busy for me ,, whatever ! I have a hundred other people that would appreciate my love and you're not worth my time . goddnight :) 
just got back from indy ! had fun now its time to work ... !! noon til ten next four days ! < PROPFEMALE > in the am ?? htc 
really missing some very special people tonight ... love ya guys but met a really awesome girl last night and we've been talking all day !! Too tired to sleep and need to talk ........ tomorrow(it's past my bedtime lol ) 
chilin on my day off . gotta find somethin to do tonight !!! htc 
givn a huge shoutout to one of the mostamazing strong women in the world !! Been through a lot but still fightin strong ! Way to go mom( < PROPFEMALE > Wells-owner and producer of < PROPFEMALE>'s Model Group and cancer survivor ) you rock -your favorite son 
way way tired . had an amazing time today and I don't regret a thing :) :) :) :) :) :) :) work tomorrow :) and only 3K for car repairs left to pay !!!! great day !! :) 
tired and its my month !! i feel real stupid right now lol 
well . it was a good night . going to bed again lol goodnight all 
so i'm a playa haha .. Maybe I ain't bad and Just a Bad Day hahahaha . peace 
well having a 4 inch needle poked into your arm and moved around for almost 3 < PROPFEMALE > was no fun at all .. three nerves were hit and I am in some extreme pain . o well ,,, the result of three lives being saved is a blessing tho :) DONATE BLOOD because this hasn't happened in illinois for 12 years so it is very rare that it will ever be painful . other than that it was a great night and had fun with my best friend magz . 
you know those times when you haven't cried in a while and all the anger and frustration and sadness and helplessness and crap pile up and then disappear after a good cry ? thats tonight but really needin my mom right now ... Big shout out to the most amazing woman in the world !! love you .. 
had a good night . work tomorrow ! off possibly friday but for sure sometime next week so ... htc . 
work open til idk when but off for celebration and probably doin something amazing tomorrow ... idk goin to bed soooooon !! 
so it's time for bed now !!!!!!! why can't i sleep ????? NEED SLEEP ! 
goodnight everyone .. work open to close tomorrow then an awesome meeting with a very respected friend :) 
so i would realy love to know why headaches hurt so extremely bad and seem tonever go away and only get worse but when your heart breaks you only feel the pain for a little while ?? maybe thats backwards ? idk ... extreme pain in the mental cavity tonight !!!! luckily no work tomorrow :) i work wed tho :) 
had an amazing time tonight at the bonfire ........ lost my car ........ and new clothes money ........ but met new people ........ and kinda tired ........ work in a few hours ........ and I LOVED being able to go out since i've worked all my summer away and I always get in trouble because i'm just stupid !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! goodnight everybody {: -) 
lol life .... 
dinner with magswag , bswag , laynaswag . Than bonfire . 
got home . layin in bed . prob goin tosleep for realz but gotplans tomorrw so get ready illinois !!!! here we come 
and had a really great time with B . , Mag . , and La ....... a lot more of these night when we visit !!! 
i just heard gun shots outside our hotel ... curious me looks out the window ... two cars drive off and they look at me .... how great is that ... they probably know me or something lol had a great night hanging out with both of my sisters .. M&M 
bored and Chillin at the hotel til they all get back . Htc !.! 
usually there are around forty to fifty people to chat with ... right now there are three and two fell asleep . lol 
sleeping !!! goodnight world :) 
swam 3 times today and goin to bed soon ! great day tho .. work < PROPMALE > then school the next day !!! how soon it came ... ugh lol 
Life aint always easy and everyday we're survivors\ 
So forget the day\ 
Its all about tonight act a fool and start a riot , a riot be rebel\ 
Bottles poppin til we cant stand\ 
We keep it rockn til 6 am New York to London over to Japan\ 
We gonna party like\ 
Party like it's the end of the world\ 
We gonna party like , like it's 2012\ 
You know that it doesn't matter as long as we got each other\ 
CLASS OF 2012 , START MAKING HISTORY !!! 
Just so everyone knows , starting up a dance crew for the best dancers in DECATUR/FORSYTH/MAROA . Anyone interested please contact me and we need ideas for a name ... working on getting a studio right now and should be up and practicing in november ... Competitions and Dance offs will soon follow so please join and a < PROPFEMALE > should be up tonight !!! 
two years ago ( tomorrow ) I became a freshman .... two years from tomorrow I will be a freshman in college ... hopefully at SIUC !!!!! Lovin my life :) :) 
sllllleeeeeeeeppppp !!!! work open to close tomorrow . 
so thirteen hours is a long time to be on your feet lol its all worth it tho .. had fun today . worked with two new people and that was interesting .... didnt get home until ten twenty but thats alright lol still got my 35 hours this week during school :) good night all 
I GOT MY CAR BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WAY SUPER EXTREMELY EXCITED !! I got 101 at seven < PROPMALE > morning then tech til end of school but free < PROPMALE > night after studying !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! htc for sure !! night all 
lol so i just realized i have school tomorrow . luckily no homework !!!! sleepy time so world , i will now be sleeping on your face lol kinda weird huh ? o well ... work tomorrow but wed i'm off after school til church !!! 
I am really excited to get my tat ... its going to be down the side of my abs like on the side but its gonna be sick nasty so .... got a question . What should it say ??????? Please I need your input/ideas ! 
got 101 in the morning ... luckily another day off < PROPMALE > from work .... tech then errands for class prep con mi padre . goingto sleep !!!! lastnight I slept soooo well . Love ya'll who helped find my phone lol 
went and got my tb test today ( part one of two ) and in a week i'll still know that i don't have tb lol ... got to talk to a couple of people today :) talking to her is really cool . we're a lot alike :) 
work < PROPMALE > early , get off late !! goodnight all :) I love dancing hiphop when a random song comes on ..... like the club can't even handle me right now ,,,,,,,,,, i just get movin cuz i came to win :) hahahaaa 
after thirteen hours of work i believe its time to go to bed now . church in the morning !!!! then work then homework/studying then free !!!!! htc when i get up lol night all :) 
Need something to do tonight !!! Htc ! 
I know where i'm goin and where I've been so don't be hatin cuz im always gonna win = ) take my love i give it free , don't break my heart , its all of me\\n-August 
took some benadryl tryin to get out from under the weather .. and super tired so going to bed . school then work tomorrow ... night all :) 
Just got hacked ! Caution all friends . Do not open any message or friend request from < PROPMALE > perez ! Tried to add me and got my info from email account ! \\n-August 
just got home from the movies ... watched piranha 3D with < PROPFEMALE > and had a great night !! :) 
Listening to a very inspirational song with my best friend swag 
getting off facebook . took some quizzes and got seven am class tomorrow so should def sleep now . night everyone :) 
still can't sleep !! ugh . 
so very truly tired and really upset about some things so work tomorrow and my arm still hasn't stopped bleeding yet . I had this tumor looking thing and i pushed it and it popped and won't stop bleeding so ..................................................................... g'night . 
so offically got promoted at work :) and pay increase to follow . rest of life not great at all but passing all of my classes with b's or better :) htc !! 
when you burn the candle at both ends it usually burns up really fast lol don't recommend it to anyone !! sleep then more to come 
so if i hadn't jumped the gun and gotten a phone that is huge and flip phone and old but it WORKS ,, i could have a brand new phone ... all i had to do was be home . what the hell ?? and was extremely sick this morning and was late for school .... getting sick doesn't count as an excuse unless you drive home , be more late , then get a note and return ... how dumb lol ... life 
everybody needs to be loved . making fun of people isn't cool because everyone that you may pass has to live their life just as you do yours . so next time you start to say something about someone think first and decide not too . and listen to friends because they may be going through something that they can't get over and need someone to care . just sayin so .. good night . -August 
got to see some amazing friends on my day off :) and I realized that not everyone deals with things the same way and whatever way that works for them is fine . So signing off for tonight but updates tomorrow :) 
Out of school :-) \\n-August 
def tired but bored school < PROPMALE > with all kinds of homework due . sleep , maybe what else to do 
huge shout out to my very best friend that has my heart forever and always . Sleep good < PROPMALE > <3 
goodnight . huge fml . i don't even care anymore ,, 
So I've been really depressed lately but today i feel like a million bucks ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > <3 \\n-August 
so i realized today that a lot of people love me and i appreciate everyone of you . everyone i've met has had an impact on my life . Sleep tonight then awake to face another long , hard battle of a day but I will come out on top because i have the support of thousands of people . Thank you , Love , August 
extremely good day today and bonfire friday night will be awesome and homecoming will be amazing !!! so htc anytime bc i'm off for the next three days !!!!!!!!!!!!!! peace . 
love life cuz it too short to be hatin . goin 2 bed 
so the rave was awesome ... homecoming was cool ... and a lot of people went to and from and rode in my car tonight .... applebee's was great . thanks dad for making all this happen with your support . going to sleep now .... work tmorrow . Love my life !!!! 
Watch your face < PROPFEMALE > 
had a great night with the fire and others things .... < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > rock my world like dutty dutty dutty dah ..... hahahaha 
great night at work ... and school wasn't too bad ... saw a lot of people i must have seen on saturday night .... ya lol night all :) 
just wants somebody to love and love me back 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > garden with the family :-) 
so had a great ( short ) night but that's alright . worked all day saturday ... what to do today ??? htc !! 
so going to bed now after a night texting her ... she is super awesome and you know exactly who you are ;) good night . 101 in the morning and then work ! 
again , found something(actually someone ) that makes me happy . Been looking for a while but i hope it's true and I won't wake up and it all be a dream ... but a dream come true . 
i think i died tonight with my swag family and some friends ... found out about an Anatomy test on tuesday . work ALL day tomorrow ... but no 101 until like wed so life is good :) sleep good world 
day was ok . . . . . . . . . . work all day tomorrow then my grandma is coming up through sunday !! 
no matter what i'm going through i always know that God is on my side and even though the devil throws stuff my way i know that my God protects me . He protects you too if you let Him ! Good night all and remember you ain't gon tie me down 
sick today . no school or work . no moving cuz that hurts . wants somebody to make me some soup and i'll go back to sleep now . sorry to my friend < PROPFIRST > bc she is covering for me at work .. <3 
feeling better than this morning . still not at 100% but life goes on . God is the healer and my protector so nothing can ever get me down with HIM shining through me !! 
wasn't feeling good this morning but amazing after school and work went well ! Goodnight all ! Remember : God can make miracles happen through YOU if you let Him :) <3 ' N JESUS !! 
amazing day today . pay day . Had fun with friends tonight . . . time for sleep cuz my grandparents are coming tomorrow !!! i work all day so if i don't text back it's cuz i'm there lol goodnight !!!! 
God moved me tonight in a huge way ! He can change your life for the better ; He did mine :) God Bless !! Goodnight 
Not even worth putting up a status 
sooo much better today so far . Headed to the gym in about ten < PROPFEMALE > :) I have my phone back now so htc if you need anything ! :) 
Nothing to do tonight ! Htc Let's < PROPFEMALE > 
amazing start to my birthday !!! start my new job today . switched from panda to Pretzel Twister .. Love ya'll!! 
spent an amazing night with my lovely beautiful best friend < PROPFEMALE > . She made my birthday so perfect :) Luv ya sis 
well there are an extremely lot of you that wished me a Happy birthday ! Thanks to each and every one of you !! New job is amazing . . . actually God is amazing !!! good night :) 
If you're reading this , even if we don't talk a lot , post a comment of a memory of you and I . When you've finished , post this on your own status . You'll be surprised what people remember about you 
School , tech , then mom's house in indiana ! lovin it ! 
extremely tired but i get to work tomorrow !! :) and saturday . and sunday . but free at night so ttc lol night !! 
so a really amazing friend walked by tonight and we talked for a second and i realized how happy that person makes me . . . =] 
why does love suck so freakin much ? You love them with all you've got , then one day it's all gone away . someone else gets them and leaves you with nothing to do but pray . Pray for comfort and for joy . I shouldn't be thrown away , i'm not a toy . </3 o well that's life . move on , stand up , the battle's bigger than just one fight . 
why on God's green earth can i not sleep ??? had a great night but it's five in the morning and I can't sleep !!! workuntil eleven tonight so probably going to take a power nap on that break lol htc if you wannahang before four pm . . . 
being out of school rocks !!! 
so love , ya . My babydoll doesn't have a facebook but just so you know I love everything about you . The way you smile and take my breath away . The way when I hold you in the pouring rain , you tell me to never let you go . You make my life happily complete <3 
Wow . Was hoping that would turn out differently . Sleep then work and family coming in tomorrow . Night all . Going to need some serious support tomorrow :) 
hahahahahahahahahaha so thanks to my friend W ( who made my night very happy ) . . . and i still made it home and work was a real bitty today . work almost elven hours but its late and im home in bed finally and thats a lot for one sentence but my friend W and that ice cold winter night got me home nice and on timeish . bahahaha super happy though :) good night ( morning ) and it all starts again soon !!!! 
Not waking up tomorrow morning . Be up in time for church at six thirty . . . Night 
Dinner and a movie with my Dd . . . i love bein Jt sometimes ;) 
work 11- 6:30 . Hoping to see my babydoll later today . . . thanks for an amazing evening last night and we rode in the swagger wagon bahahahaha sleep good !! 
what a night . went from boring to adventurous to trying tofigure out this facebook at 10.25 at night thanks to an indian guy and my best friend bahahaha :) how did I get three for what the price was ? wow tired . work in the am early i think . . . lol 
Weedz with the best <3 
been up and down for the past three hours . up for the day !! wayyyy too early but life goes on . . . work til nine thirty tonight with < PROPFEMALE > Espy and < PROPFEMALE > =] 
church was good/ love having a sunday off ! meeting tonight then school < PROPMALE > . . . 
Today sucks so frikin bad !!!!!! 
Done at tech , now huntington and teen court and get paid !! o how a car would make life easier ! lol ttc\\n-August 
work @ five . plans after ?? 
No plans for tomorrow yet . No work . Sleep til noon or later ? Lol i think so :) nite 
woke up at 7:01 . on a weekday that's alarming . Today , that was annoying . \ 
went to the gym and now enjoying my favorite drink : diet mountain dew =] \ 
today = accomplished\ 
* no plans made for 2nite so ttc 
got my idea approved by < PROPFEMALE > Wells and after the 30th , everyone can see it !!! <3 
gonna get a hair cut today ! huntington ( act prep ) 9-11 then mah hur then work 5-close !! thanks to a great time working last night : R , C , and H . 
today = fantastic\ 
* seen friends all day long\ 
* worked a lil longer = more money\ 
* was putting two and two together a lot today ! -I figured out some things !! 
got my hair cut . . . not exactly what i wanted but close . more of it'll change when i get paid !! :) 
“Meeting you was fate , becoming your friend was a choice , but falling in love with you I had no control over . ” L ? nie Skggz 
wow . . . times change and that changes people . . . you do you and ima do me =] 
had fun . made money . church later this mornin bahaha\ 
\ 
loving my life , check ! =] 
Get to see my mom this weekend !!! Super excited ! work tonight = grades are better :) happy all around 
so i kindof left my phone at work . . . so dttc . and school in the a.m. then act prep and $check !!! 
Baking a cinnamon strusel cake while eating homemade taco chili bean dip :) work tonight and brother's bday 
Btown today <3 bahaHahaha 
Tried lloking out the window to see what it was like . It was completely white . I could see the bush that almost touches the window . Thats all folks 
had a great day with my boo . . . =] 
must be hard to ground someone when they have nothing left to take away but to each their own . Found someone that finally makes me happy :) no school again tomorrow and now grounded til next wednesday bahahahahahahahahahahahaha night all !! :) 
Who's gon B my < PROPFIRST > ?? lol no idea yet !! another day on the calendar ?? hope not . . . 
Thank you for my 17 dollar return this year uncle < PROPFIRST > lol 
finished an english lesson online , ran a mile , showered now bed . . . great plans this weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Keep my wonderful mom in your prayers today !!! possible brain surgery today so needin a lot of love and prayer for her ! thanks 
tomorrow will be amazing !! :) one , it's friday . two , it's friday . three , gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with some cool peeps b4 tech and talk about a few things ;) four , i DO NOT have to work . five , i forgot but it'll be friday . lol :) 
If we was living in water I'll be a shark . . . tech tomorrow then nothin ! ttc fo sho ! bahahaha 
Burn so many trees , Smokey Bear doesn't like me . . . Tha Joker\ 
alllll dayy today !!!! haha :) <3 
i guess it's time to get out of bed . . . in a few hours lol well we all made it through friday night so we doin jus fine ! 
Work at church , work at pretzel twister , work on homework , work on getting up out the bed in the morning lol today will be accomplishing :) 
i love sleep ! school < PROPMALE > but then more sleep ! :) ( : 
You know you're special when someone drive's back from target to get your number at the mall lol 
Class til six ! and after ?? hahaha 
Activity period , no tests and work tonight :) today = gooooooood dayyy = 
have an AMAZING date for prom . had fun at work tonight . shortened classes tomorrow and no school fri/sat/sun/mon !!!! and i'm finally ungrounded sooo ... ttc 4 plans this weekend :) hahaha 
Don't you love it when God places something inside your heart and you want nothing more than to praise Him forever ?? I was actually excited to be woken up because I knew that my God loves me and will never let me go !! \ 
(: My heart just got restarted and filled with love and life :) 
came home late , woke up late , fun ? i think so lol tech then no plans so let's make some for tonight again !! 
couldn't fall asleep if i wanted too !! lol 
Work in a few hours . . . That'll be ummm interesting ? Ya !!! Lmao great night :) 
Well < PROPFEMALE > , how's that weather ?? 
Just got my phone back !!! a night without was sooooooo not fun . ttc but had bunches of messages 
had an amazing weekend in indiana !! now for a week of illinois , then off to missouri for a few days !! let's make plans this week friends for some awesome spring break nights =) 
Brown butter and mizithra cheese spaghetti , spimoni ice cream , and salad with creamy pesto dressing made my stomach like me even more =) 
half days all week ! lovin the sunshine and the gym :) class 4-6 then sleep . . great day ! 2moro act then class ( 12:30 -6 ) 
I passed third quarter !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! work tonight til close .. maybe it'll be snowing after work ?? 
get paid tomorrow , don't work , find out my ACT results ( p . o . ) , hopefully sit outside in the sun and go to the gym !! great day ( hopefully ;) 
eh , today was alright . first time taking an ACT and got a 23 .. not too shabby but that'll be at least a 29 after prep which starts soon !! my weekend starts at 11:25 am tomorrow :) #livin_it_up =) 
Keep your face to the sunshine and you will never see shadows =) 
I'm glad God forgives .. Church tomorrow morning . Night 
This status is just a tribute to a friend we lost over a year ago . An awesome guy and great friend . This is to you nic england .. miss ya bro 
Bye phone and car . See you when it's convenient 
Gave all of my sins and addictions to God tonight ! God is good , and i'm never going back to where I was . :) 
Dear God , \ 
Thank you for everything I have . It may not always be much but it is blessed . \ 
Love , \ 
August =) 
needs something to do !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! msg me back 
everyone is home &/or in bed and it is time for some sleep :) church in a few hours ! 
