What to do now ? 

is waitng for 9 to come around so I can wake up Jakeykins . 
Nyx or bed ... Hmm ... Not sure .... 
My compy's mean to me and doesn't give me things until way after . 
Is wanting chocolate muffins .... So I ish getting chocolate muffins . Teehee 
Anyone else going to be home alone tonight ? 
Getting ready to shoot my neighbors .... They keep aiming fireworks at my house ... Hoping I can sleep tonight as well ... Have to get up when the sun does ... 
Have to shower and get ready for work soon ... Fuuun . 
Getting ready for work ,.. 
2010 ... Can ya believe it ? 
Is waiting for it to be 8ish so can wake Jakeykins .... 
Just got back from hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > . I <3 her and our adventure . 
Need to find a way to relax , kill time , and not to be bored before I go to work tonight . 
Is wanting to do something , but not sure what . 
Sitting in my chair goofing off . 
Talking to my old \husband \"." 
Trying to kill a little time before having to wake up < PROPMALE > . 
Waiting until late tonight to buy < PROPMALE > his stuff . Mainly because my ride deceided to go somewhere . 
Sitting on the couch with my Jakeykins and my lil bro . And debating when to go to bed in order to get up for work in the morning . 
Is in love with the pearls < PROPMALE > got me . I loves you , my < PROPMALE > ykins ! <3 
Tryin g to rest for a little before getting < PROPMALE > up . Work sucks butt . Seriously , if I drop anything else else I'm gonna scream . I'm still pissed that I broke a gallon of milk and got it all over this one lady's kid . Seriously WTH ?!?!?!?!?! 
Ish glad taht we had sun today and that I was able to go out without a jacket . 
Doesn't get to go bowling with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Pooey . 
Wondering what to do today since I have free time . 
I'm up .... What more do you want ? 
Is excited for tomorrow night . I hope I have another fun adventure with < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
Is completely pooped , but LOVEd my adventure with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Eatting Life ceral ... YAYS !! 
Crackers and gator juice .... Yummm ! 
What would you call a pretzel and a cracker ? A preacker or a cratzel ? 
I loves me some Hot Fries ... But ... OMG !!! MY POOR LITTLE MOUTH !!! 
What to do .... What to do ... What to do .... No clue what to do .... 
No more ... I don't need or want it anymore ... 
Wondering what to eat before I have to go get ready for work . DX I don't wanna gooooo ! 
I wish he was home so he can tuck me in bed . I hate not having him with me ... 
I ate too much ..... Blehh .... 
Happy Bunny-Pooping-Eggs Day !! 
Sitting outside trying to enjoy the sun ... And watching the half dressed workers at theend of my driveway . 
Gonna go out with Jakeykins . Can't belive it's been a year already . I'm so uber happy . 
* munches of a sweet potato fries * 
* squees * 
Not really wanting to go to work today , but wondering how it will go . 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3 kg . The length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than a man's . Women blink twice as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . THANK YOU < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
You do not see me for I am a squiggle . 
I feel soooo uber dead right now .... I wonder if it's because it's late ... Maybe . 
Going night night now .... zZzZzZzZz 
Is everyone I know interconnected ? 
I dyed my hair . Can anyone guess what color it is right now ??????? 
Just caught up with a old friend , now I feel a little sad . But all will be better soon . 
Wanting to pass out , but body won't fully let me . 
Hoping I get to see my < PROPFEMALE > sis today . 
HEY LADY !!! Guess what ??? It's you and me on your BIRTHDAY !!! 
Antibacterial underwear for men ???? 
Wondering what to do now ... 
Thanks for everyone who wished me a happy birthday . I loves you all . 
Gah , I hate work sometimes . Though , there are times when I do enjoy it . 
I don't wanna work another week straight without a day off .... 
* sighs * We really need to fix the washer so it stops walking across the room ........ I wanna do something today ... 
Soooooooooooooooo humgry and bored ...... 
Meh .... 
I loves < PROPFEMALE > !! 
I loves my snuggle < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > . 
Scetty Os !!!! 
I got a spoon and a bowl of icecream and I'm not afraid to use it . 
Wondering what to do before work tonight . What's with all the midnights ? Seriously ? I'd rather be in bed sleeping . I'm better at morning shifts than I am with midnight ones . I'm just happy that I get to see the fireworks on Saturday . 
About to get ready for work . Luckly tonight's not a too late of night . I'll actaully be able to go to bed on time . 
I'm soooo looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow . 
Slept in and now taking a break from cleaning .... And trying not to kill one of the cats that keep attatching itself to me . 
Had a good few days off . Not really looking forward to work tomorrow . But atleast it's payday and I'll have some money in the bank . 
Nighty night world .... 
Hi world ... 
FUDGE BAR !!! 
Lalalalalalala Night 
I need food and a shower .... I'm not looking forward to work tonight . 
* dies * My feet are killing me . Can I blow work up now ? 
Gonna be working a lot . Don't get a day off until Thursday ... Just wanting a day where I can relax and not have to worry over every little thing .... But I guess I won't get that day ... Or moment for that factor .... Just have to remember to bite my tonuge and smile a lot ... 
Good world . Maybe I'll be able to see you for a little longer tomorrow ... 
No Fluffy , you can't eat the penguin . 
Night 
No Whitey , my phone is not a chew toy or a snuggle < PROPMALE > for you . So please stop drooling all over it . 
I LOVED hanging out with my < PROPFEMALE > Doll tonight . I hope I get to see her more in the future . LOVES YOU < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Soooo tired and < PROPFEMALE > glad I get to sleep in . 
What the heck ? since when to cats like tea ? Seriously , I can't keep this cat out of my hot tea cup . Even after smacking her a few times . * sighs * I guess I'll just have to deal with it . 
* sighs * Night ..... 
I miss you already , Jakeykins . <3 
Gonna sleep hard tonight and can't wait until tomorrow evening . 
Stiil waiting for < PROPMALE > .... 
Sooooo glad that Jakeykins is home now . 
My tummy is telling me that it's time to eat ... 
Sadly getting ready for work .. I wonder how today's gonna be ... 
I miss my sisters ..... 
Good night world . See you when the sun is at some random point in the sky .... 
MEH !!! 
Once again , good night world . I'll be able to enjoy you tomorrow .... Hoepfully . 
Home from woek now I'm bored . I want something to dooooooo !!!! 
Is it time to relax yet ? 
Nope ... < PROPFIRST > , you were right ... I can't rest ... I just spent the last half hour outside digging a grave and putting what was left of my cat to rest .... Now , I can't rest .... 
Finished my book . On to the next one . 
Trying to get Jakey out of bed , but failing ..... More like epic failing ..... 
Anyone notice I was gone ? 
Night world . 
I don't wanna clean house today .... I'd rather curl up and read my book . 
Sooo ..... What about now ? 
I'm not sure what to do anymore .... 
Getting ready for work . I have a feeling that it's going to be a very long day . 
Gonna go to bed soon ... I guess ... Probably watch a movie first then crash ..... 
* yawns * 
Am I addicted to KH ? 
Woners what I'm going to do today . 
I miss goofing off . 
Everytime I see your face , I smile . Everytime you touch my hand , my heart jumps a beat . Everytime you hold me close , the rest of the world fades away . And everytime you say my name , my heart yells how much it and I love you . 
Got bored with KH ( weird , I know ) , gonna wrap things up and go to bed . 
I ate potatoes . Now , I need something to drink . 
I LOVES MY NEW PHONE ! IT'S AWESOMENESS !!! 
at dinner with my jakeykins and lovein ' in ! 
Nighty night world . 
Had an okay day off , watching < PROPMALE > play KH2 , and was able to catch up on some reading while inbetween things . 
Just got home from work a little bit ago . Relaxing with Jakey and watching him play KH2 . It's fun but my body's ready for bed , and my mind wants to stay up and read . Which to do ? 
Guess what < PROPMALE > and I did ? 
For once I had a really good day at work . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for letting me help ya . 
Work sounds sorta night right now ... After I eat my toast and jam . 
at work , eatting lunch . day's going by fast . that's a good sign , right ? 
Have a day off and I think I'm going to relax all day . Probably not though . 
my work day's almost over . been taking my breaks outside . it feels wonderful out here . i hope it's like this for a good while . i love the weather between summer and fall . 
Tummy feels weird after eatting chinese ..... 
* curls up in bed * Time for a nap .... * yawns * 
I miss the people I miss . I love the people I love . And I need the people I need . Which are you ? 
I guess I'm going to be birthing babies tonight ... Oh how wonderful ......... 
It's offical .... Amberlyn and I are weird .... Plus , I can't wait for the weekend . 
tired and ready for bed ...... * passes out * x.x 
Trying to relax . Still tired from the trip and from work today . 
My phone has been REALLY quiet today . 
I need updated < PROPFIRST > for people .... Seriously ... 
Trying to stay up , so I can sleep in , so I can stay up for work ... Fuuun ..... 
Ever feel like your voice is never heard and that you're being over looked or stepped on all the time ? 
How lovely .... 
My arm is blue !!!!! 
Ever wonder what happens to your memories ? 
No ... More ... Flowers ..... J/k But my hand is killing me . 
I miss ........ 
Hey , who turned on the cold ? 
I had something really awesome and cool to say , but I forgot it . Yays for short term memory !! 
Watching < PROPMALE > get his butt kicked in God of War ... 
Super happy right now . I got to see my < PROPFEMALE > Doll and I'mma < PROPFEMALE > out with a friend tonight . YAYS ! 
I'm tired . I gots a full tummy and I can hear my bed screaming my name ... But I'm too lazy to walk down the steps ... 
Happy that I work a short shift today . Atleast I get to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > for those few hours . Can still feel sleep tugging at me . But I guess that's what I get for being up so late worrying about the cats . 
Sooo super sleepy ... I'mma head to bed soon .... Well , after Jakey leaves for work ... 
GOOD MORNING SUNSHINE !!!!! THE EARTH SAYS HELLO !!!!! 
It's offical .... I'm OBSESSED with Descedants of Darkness ... Too bad it's only 13 episodes . They NEED to make more . 
< PROPFEMALE > ... Yea ... It's gonna suck washing buckets tomorrow ... Thanks Frisky for the scratched up hands . I love you too . 
Ever so slowly getting ready for work . Luckly I work a short shift . I dunno if my hands could take it ... Frisky , you better be happy I love you .... 
Fooooooooood ..... 
Booooored .... Waiting until the right time to get < PROPMALE > up so we can go eat . Yay mexican food . Ateast I hope that's what we get . 
I ate my cupcake and not time to relax after work . 
All because you can , doesn't mean you should . 
Ahhhh ... The sounds of arguments are the sounds of childhood to me . Bring on the pain and memories . 
Good night ? 
Been trying to get < PROPMALE > up for 2 hours now ... I guess he's going to be up all night when he should be in bed . 
I MADE COOKIES !!!!!!!! 
GUESS WHAT ?????? Jakey and I found a place and are moving out within the next week or so .... SOOOOOO HAPPY AND EXCITED !!!! 
It's weird that the things that you own can come down to a number of boxes . But is it a good or bad thing that a lot of those boxes are books or have books in them ? ...... Or those that don't know already , I'm moving out within the next couple of days . I get my keys to my new place tomorrow and going to move a lot of stuff over tomorrow and hopefully the rest on Saturday . 
Loving my new place , but still trying to make it feel like home . Yea , I'm scared poopless , but I believe everything will be alright .... On that thought , got weirded out when Mom came by saying she picked up food for me . How odd is that ? 
Thankies Jakeykins for not making me do laundry all by myself today . I can always use the extra giggles . 
Relaxing before bed . 
Simi long day . Gonna have another ... Night ... 
Heading to bed soon and gonna do laundry in the morning before work ... 
Doing laundry is always fun ... Yea , okays ... 
YAYS !! I got my wireless now . 
Dishes are done .... Now gonna start making some fried chicken ... 
Wait ... Change that ... I need company . 
Jakey just left for work ... So ... I'm allone for the next 9 hours ... Luckly I'll be alseep for most of them . 
Morning/afternoon peoples . I gots a couple of hours before I have to get ready for work . Yays !?... 
My tummy is full .... Yays for food . 
\A single standard postage stamp contains 5.9 calories and Special or Commemorative stamps 14.5 calories . \ " <~~~~~~ Who knew that ? Not me !! " 
Hello peoples . Gotta love have strangers talk outside your back door and scaring to poop out of you . * sniffles * I spilt coffee all over the floor . 
I love my days off this coming week . How awesome ! 
I need someone to rant and rave with .... While I try not to burn dinner .... Nothing like burnt dinner ... Or worse ... The smell of burnt dinner .... 
Nighty night Jakeykins and the rest of the world . 
I don't want to do laundry . Thanks < PROPMALE > for saying you'll do it instead . 
* streches toes * Feels good to sit down and get off of my feet . I love work , but dang . It kills my feet . And my lower back . Oh wells . 
Hurry up oven and warm up so I can eat pizza . 
If you saw me in 7 years with a ring on , who do you think I would be married to ? If you're not scared post this as your status 
YAYS FOR BEING BLOATED !!!! Even hours after you ate ... Blah .... 
* sighs * Boys and their video games . 
Mmmmm .... Coffee ..... And the smell of blooming irises ... What could be better ? 
Yummy ... Leftover chinese food . What could be better ? 
\Apparently I'm addicted to cream cheese . \ " ~ Foamy " 
I loves me some apples . 
Wanting to do something , but not sure what . Hmm ... What to do ?.... 
Filling out Christmas cards . If you want one , send me your address . I hope I get to fill out a ton . SEND ME ADDRESSES !! lol 
Gonna do some blowling with Jakey then head to bed .... I'm still waiting to see if addresses pop up in my inbox .... 
Hello peoples . The sun is shining and it's lying . The air is freezing . The house is freezing ........ If you want a card , I need your address !! 
I want a fating hippo for Christmas . Is that too much to ask ? 
I'mma eat and then relax . Works sucks butt . \ 
\ 
I STILL NEED ADDRESSES !!! 
There's nothing better than waking up to a nose bleed . 
Watching \Alice in Wonderland\ " with Jakeykins . My tummy's full and I think I need a nap ... \ 
Gonna head to bed soon once \Drity Jobs\ " is over . Still waiting to see if anyone sends me their address so I can send them Christmas cards . I guess I'll mbe waiting for awhile . " 
I got up sooooo late today . Thanks for those who sent me your address ... But I'm still wait for more . So , if you want a card , please send me it ! 
Sitting at home bored out of my mind . Can't do laundry until tomorrow ... Stuipd quarters .... < PROPMALE > in bed for the next few hours .... I need something to do .... 
Gonna watch an episode or two of \Bones\ " then head to bed . \ 
Going to get ready for work soon ... If anyone wants a Christmas card , please send me your address ... I'm about to send them all out and be done with trying to get addresses for people . But I love you all and please send me addresses . 
Gonna head to bed soon . I have a very long day at work tomorrow to look forward to .... yays .... * dies * 
Trying to relax after a long day at work . Have a kinda early shift tomorrow , not looking forward to it . Can Wensday get here sooner ? I need a day off ... 
Trying to wake up before I have to get ready for work . I hate feeling like I can't function . Luckly today is a somewhat short shift . Last night was kinda funny though . One of the floor guys was wearing a thong . I'm sad to say I saw it but it was sooooooo funny ! 
* dances * IT\S SNOWING OUTSIDE !!!!! WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
Still watching \Bone\ " ..... I'm horrible .... " 
I chopped most of my bangs off , now I don't have to keep eatting my hair . Now I can't even tuck them it behind my ears . < PROPMALE > said it looks cute , but we'll see .... 
Got up really late .... Mainly because I couldn't put down my book . Evil black hole of bookness .... grrr ... 
60 .... We had fun times working together . You were there when I needed a really good laugh . I'm sorry that we weren't able to get to know eachother more . But hopefully we will be able to . I also want you to know that I'm always here if you need anything . 
What should I make for dinner ? 
Wish people would be straight forward . If you don't like me , say so . Don't be nice to my face and mean to my back . Seriously , how many people these days are actually true to others ? I wish I could meet atleast one . 
Slept really hard last night . I feel all heavy and weird .... 
Relaxing with \Bones\ " . I took my night night meds and hopefully I'll be able to sleep all happy . " 
Going to figure out what to eat then relax . Gotta do some cleaning tomorrow . How fun ... 
Pizza for dinner sounds yummy .... YAYS P.J. !!! 
Sitting here , bored out of my mind , and making tator rounds .... 
No ... More ... CTFxC .... * dies * 
It's been snowing since early this morning and in a few minutes it will be Monday ... YAYS FOR SNOW !!! I miss it greatly . It's gotten to the point where we have to keep brushing off our front door . lol 
* pouts * Snow's melting . 
Relaxing with some yuummy food and a nice warm drink . YAYS !!! Soooo happy I'm off tomorrow . 
Got up super late today .... Woke up to an ice cold house . Thank the higher power for my weird blanket addiction . Making < PROPMALE > and cheese then gonna hide back under my blanket and watch \Bones \"." 
Baking a cake , hoping it comes out right . Needs about ten for minutes before I can pull it out to cool so I can decorate it . YAYS ! 
The cake turned out a lot better than I thought . I got Jakey to giggle a little when he saw it , so it was worth it . YAYS !! 
Gonna eat seom french toast and then shower for work . Fun fun . 
Gotta love me some chinese . 
Slowly doing dishes and slwoly down for the night . My brain has been telling me for hours that it's time for bed , but my body wants to stay awake . I wonder who will win .... 
Gonna see mom and Amberlyn for a few today . That should be fun . 
I got Amberlyn staying the night . It's gonna be fun . She's finishing up some cake then she'll head to bed . 
Amberlyn's playing the wii and < PROPMALE>'s passed out in his chair . I'm trying sooo hard not to laugh out loud at her or him . Darn my weirdness ... 
Not really looking forward to work today ... Still trying to wake up fully ... And need food in my tummy .... Blah .... 
Jakey's making dinner ... YAYS !!!!!!!!! 
Bored , hungry , have a tummy ache , and will need to get ready for work soon .... 
Watching Amberlyn watching < PROPMALE > play his games . I'm happy to have her over . Maybe mom will FINALLY get some stuff done ... I already got everything wrapped up . YAYS ! 
Amberlyn and I got most of my books put up . Three boxes down ... Not sure how many left ... YAYS ! 
I have a frosty and I know how to use it !!! 
I keep staring under the tree wondering what else < PROPMALE > got me ... But he ruined the surprise ... What did he tell me I got books ? Meanie .... * mumbles * 
Thanks to this fortune and my bother I became a hooker : \You are sociable and entertaining . \ " And thanks to this fortune and my mother I became an escort : \ " You will travel far and wide for bother pleasure and business . \ " ---- Thanks < PROPFIRST > and Mom . Love you both . " 
Freezing my butt off , clinging to my cup of hot tea , and hiding under my blanket ... Do I have to leave ? The floral shop can take care of itself , right ?.... Jakey says it can't , so I better go ... I'm just sooooo cold .... 
Still cold ... Been drinking hot drinks and hiding under my blankey since I've been home ... 
* yawns and streches * I have to stop watching shows while laying on my couch , it makes me want to sleep . So , I better head to bed ... Which I probably won't really sleep in .... Oh wells ... 
Sooo glad I got today off ... Still trying to find a way to fix my glasses .... We lost all the screws we bought ... Why do they have to be sooooo small ? Right now I have a part of a paper clip holding it together . Hopefully it can last for a little while . 
Bored out of my mind . I was told to not do dishes because he was going to do them . Okays ... What about laundry ?... Nopes , was all done Sunday .... I guess I'll put up the tree and everything ... Mainly so I can get to the closet ... 
I have been trying to figure out for the past 5 hours why my house smells like an ash tray ... If < PROPMALE > smoked in here , I'mma kick his butt ! 
Was having a good day until I found out about < PROPMALE > . I'm going to miss you , < PROPMALE > . 
Cheesey chicken rice for supper . Yummy !! 
Sitting here , debating what to do ... 
Just relaized that < PROPMALE > the last of the bread ysterday , and I REALLY want some toast .... 
AHHHH !!! MY EYE !!!! STUPID ONION FUMES !!! 
Anyone want to keep me company as I dismantle my tree and fold laundry ?? 
Sitting here smelling < PROPMALE>'s burnt food .... He forgets that the pizza pan has holes and crumbs fall through onto the burner ... * sighs * Oh wells ... Oh yea , he forgot to pick up bread as well . Looks like I'll be eatting a little heavy this morning and going to have an upset tummy .... 
Home ... Now I can die happ with my pop chips . 
Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > , for the awesome cocoa . 
Cold and lonely ... Anyone want to keep me compnay ?? 
What to make for dinner tonight ? 
Fixing my pants and trying to wake up enough so I can eat and get ready for work . 
Getting ready for work ... For some reason I keep coughing and have woken up with migrains the past few days ... 
Work was crazy .... Gotta love senior citizen day .... Bought me some popchips ( yes , I'm addicted to them ) and now I can relax for a few hours before making supper . 
Anyone want to keep me company today ? I hate having the house so quite ... 
I just finished all the dishes and it took just over two hours to do everything . Inculding wiping down the stove , counters , and the skin , as well as chagning the foil on the stove . Fun fun . 
\Go put on your bus pants . \ " - Lenord " 
Getting ready for work , fun fun . I'm not even sure if I slept .... 
Eatting supper . YUMMY !!! 
It looks like a blizzard outside ... Kinda scary looking .... 
Aitting here , debating what to eat , and a little too lazy to go make some hot tea ... 
I just had the warmth sucked out of my body .... 
Drinking coffee and watching Rugrats ... Nothing could be better right now ... 
Dear People Who Love Me , \ 
I know what you can get for me . A new black zip up hoodie ... I don't think I can wear mine for much logger . I've ripped the sleeves to many times to count , to the point there's almost no material . * sighs * I will miss it when I have to get rid of it . I think three years on almost nonstop wear was wonderful . But seriously , I need a new one . 
There's snow on the ground , so that means work will either be super , crazy busy or super , crazy slow .... 
Seriously , google the directions from New York to < PROPFEMALE > and look at number 31 . Soooo funny !! 
Coffee always smells best in the morning . 
Kinda lonely ... 
Debating what to make for dinner .... 
Getting ready for work ... yays ...... 
Bored , hungry , tired , and having some serious lower back pain .... What a wonderful combo ... 
Hungry .... * hides under blankey * 
Not sure what to do ... 
Bored and not sure yet what I'm going to do .... I'm suppose to be hearing from mom , but I doubt it .... 
Trying to wake up enough to eat then get ready for work .... 
I need company as < PROPMALE > plays his game .... 
Coffee hasn't taken effect yet ... Still too tired and lazy to make something to eat . Luckly I still have almost 3 hours to eat before I have to shower . Yays .... 
A little tired and looking forward to doing dishes tomorrow ... Yays ..... 
Looking forward to cleaning .... Not .... 
Got most of the dishes done and going to do laundry ..... And waiting to see if < PROPFEMALE > will be coming over . 
Waking up enough to eat then shower for work ..... And I still think that < PROPFIRST > was more wolf than malamute . He was waaaay bigger than he should have been . Oh wells ... I miss and love him still . 
Getting ready for bed . Got to get up early for work . yays ... 
Having your Gram Gram love you is like having your favorite cookies all the time . And sometimes , you'll have those cookies thanks to your Gram Gram . I loves my Gram Gram and I miss her . 
Food makes my tummy happy and keeps the monsters away . 
Watching cartoons and rinking coffee beofre I have to get ready for work . yays ... 
I feel like the only things I say on here are hello and goodnight .... I feel like I don't have time for anything else anymore . 
The only reason I stayed up was for < PROPMALE > Burnham .... I LOVES HIM !! He's soooo funny and musical . 
Been feeling sick all day today and haven't gotten anything done . Need to find something to nibble on before I make dinner tonight . 
Eatting dinner . Yays ! 
So , yea ... Got up late this morning . Goota force myself to nibble on something before have to take a quick shower . Yays .... 
I am not looking foward to working outside today ... Can't I stay inside where it's warm ?? 
Jakey left for work about 20 minutes ago ... Time for sleep I guess .... 
I slept in really late .... Kinda crazy ..... Going to try and get my hair cut today since it's been since September since I cut it . < PROPFEMALE > is going to be so mad at me when she sees my hair . She might actually beat me up this time . lol 
One of the stray kitties have been hanging around our house once again while it snowing ... Is it a sign that I should take him in ? I dunno . But what I do know is that I'm not looking forward to the drive to work today .... 
Oh , and making fried potatoes for breakfast . YUMMY !!! 
Trying to wind down some . Don't feel like eating , but I know I have to .... I'd rather be sleeping ... 
Sooooo cooooooooooooooooollllllllllllldddddddd !! What the heck ! Did my body temp just turn itself off ? 
So ... Yea .... 
What to eat .... What to eat ... What to eat .... 
Going to be making some dinner soon and maybe stay up a little tonight . I get to sleep in the next couple of days . Yays ! 
Got my hair all pretty now ... Kinda wish it was a little darker . Oh wellz ... Got stuff to do today , just a little lonely ... Oh wellz ... 
Bored and kinda hungry .... 
Dinner was yummy , if I do say so myslef . And I'm not a big fan of dirty rice , so that must mean it was good .... Or atleast I hope so . 
There's nothing like killing a bunch of zombies to put your mind at ease and make you relax . 
I'm up and I have coffee in my hand . Everything's going good so far . 
I got another free giggle today ... Another customer asked me out . In the past six months that makes seven ( if I'm counting right ) . This guy said he liked my eyes and wanted to write my number in his bible ... WEIRD .... Please keep them coming . I love getting the laughter . 
Trying to wake up enough to eat something and then shower for work . Yays ... 
My hands are still blue , pink , green , orange , and purple and smell like flower food ... Weird .... 
There's nothing like waking up to a wood chipper right next to your window ... 
Talkign to Amberlyn on the phone . I miss her sooo much . I hope Mom will let her stay over Friday night . 
About to eat breakfast before jumping into the shower for work .... yays ... 
Coffee and yogurt ... YUMMMmmm ..... 
I made a really yummy supper and now I'm relaxing a bit and watching tv with Jakeykins before I pass out . 
Trying to wake up , but I think I'm failing .... 
Tummy full and happy now ... 
Waking up and watching < PROPMALE > watch a weird show .... What is with this boy and weird shows ? Who knows .... 
Still have < PROPFIRST > and Amberlyn over . Today has been a little unusual .... 
MORNING SUNSHINE , THE EARTH SAYS HELLO !!! 
Debating what to make for dinner and have to keep asking < PROPMALE > to change the channel so I can check the score . You'd think he'd hate football ... lol 
Looking out at the snow and soooooo happy that I don't have to work the next couple of days . I'mma curl up with my book and read ro watch a few movies .... Oh wait .... I still have to clean ... Poopie ... 
Trying to get < PROPMALE > up .... Been trying to for a while now .... 
Went out and bought a new crockpot so we could make a meal we've been trying to have for a while now . Yea I know we're starting it late but we got up late then we found out that the crockpot mom gave us was rusted out to the point that the insert won't even come out . YAY for living right across from WalMart . We still have earrands to run today and hopefully everything will turn out to be super yummy tonight . 
Trying to wake up , drinking some hot tea , debating what to eat for breakfast .... 
Attention FB ...... SNOW .... That is all .... 
Hot tea and poptarts ... AWESOMENESS !! 
In the past couple of days I've been hit on the head , had to deal with suicide birds , almost burned dinner , had to birds run into inm window because they were fighting , and tripped down the stairs this morning . Awesome , right ? 
I feel like my brain is being fried .... Thank you random video games and tv shows .... 
Hot tea ?.... Check .... Poptarts ?.... Check ..... Cartoons ?..... Check ... Now , time to relax before working late tonight . 
Not sure if I'm really looking forward to tomorrow or not ... 
I woke up to find roses with lilies , a box of chocolates , and a card . I love you , < PROPFEMALE > and thank you for everything you do . 
Thank you Jakey for doing most of the cleaning yesterday while I was at work . Now we just have to finish the rest and go grocery shopping . YAYS !..... 
Who needs a cuddle < PROPMALE > ? THIS PERSON !! I'm freezing my butt off and I dunno why .... 
I gots me a washer and dryer ... But I can't use them because my hookups are too old ... Poo .... 
Trying to wake up and all I can think about is jumping back under the covers . But slowly this time . I don't want to pull another muscle getting into bed ... Yea , don't ask how I did it the first time ' cause I have no clue how I did it . 
Gonna make tacos tonight ... 
Had Shawny over tonight . Trying to get through some of his math stuff and can't really figure it out ... It's been waaaay too long since I've done any of it .... Almost six years for me ... Hopefully we'll get through a couple more lessons in the morning ... 
Gotta love it when you hear voices that tell you to wake up and scare the poop out of you when noone's there . 
I had a late night at work , and now I have an early morning in it too . How fun is that going to be ? 
Slowly passing out ... Looong day and almost no sleep ... 
It was nice catching up on some sleep . 
I want something sweet .... 
Lots and lots of cleaning to do today . Anyone want to help and keep me company ? 
I gots a headache ... * pouts * Oh well ... I still got dishes and a load of laundry to do . That's it for cleaning ... I just have to deceid what do make for dinner ... Hmm ... 
Sooo sleepy . Toss and turned all night and couldn't really sleep for some reason . Hopefully it won't effect me too much at work .... 
Long day and time for sleep . 
Gotta love it when you wake up with a headache . Ain't it wonderful ? 
This rainy day just got worse ... I found out that Christoffer < PROPMALE > passed away ... He was a good friend in high school and I'm sorry that I didn't keep in contact with him . He will be greatly missed by everyone . 
It's offical .... < PROPMALE>'s a bed and cover hog . There's nothing like waking up to knees and elbows in your back or hitting your in the face , while trying to stay on the bed and not falling off ... But I loves him . 
Jakey's getting me coffee and donuts ... I LOVES YOU JAKEY !! 
I smell dinner cooking and it's making me hungry .... 
Trying to wake up enough to actaully eat something before having to get ready for work .... Sooo sleeepy .... I wanna head back to bed ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > sleepy ... Been having a really off day all day today ... 
Oh yays ! What fun today is going to be having to work in the rain ! 
Waiting for the timer to go off so I can eat ... SOoo hungry .... 
I feel like I need a nap ... 
Drinking tea and waking up . So glad I'm only working a few hours today .... 
All alone and bored . Listening to the washer and dryer work their magic , it makes me sleepy ... zZzZz ..... 
Still bored and alone .... I feel like I'm gonna explode .... 
* yawns * I like watching the sunrise , but I would rather be in bed . 
Waiting for Jakey to make dinner . I ish hungry ! MAKE ME MY FOOD , BOY !! * runs and hides * 
Waiting for < PROPMALE > to get home then I ; m off to getting ready for work . How fun . Atleast I have Friday and Saturday off . 
I saw my dream truck today . That was pretty awesome . Now I'm munching on crackers trying to make my tummy happy . 
Have the children over ... Yea ... Not sure if that was a very wise idea ... 
Messed my back up last night somehow , still trying to work it out and not wince in pain everytime I move .... I feel like I'm getting so old ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ... Umm .... Yea .... 
I feel like I haven't gotten anything done in the past few days . I did catch up on some long over due laundry , so I guess that counts for something ... Now time to figure out what to do for the next couple of hours ... Hmmm ..... 
Soooo sleepy .... Hopefully work will pass quickly today . 
Made a very yummy supper with loys of leftovers . Which means I'm set for lunch for the next couple of days . Watching a movie with Jakey and enjoying the time I get with him today . 
Sipping coffee and trying to wake up . 
Eatting supper and playing \draw my thing \"." 
Tofu zombies ??? HECK YEA !!! 
Jakey's passing out in the chair and is trying to stay awake to watch his show . It's sooo funny ! 
* pouts * I burned my lunch !! 
What to eat for breakfast ?.... Hmm .... 
Gonna make breakfast for Shawny and Jakey . 
Sooo sleepy and I smell my coffee brewing ... Now I just gotta decied what to eat ... Hmm ... 
.... I smell like flower food .... 
Where'd all the sun go ? I miss it so ... 
< PROPFEMALE > sleepy still ... Debating if I should pick up a little more before our inspection ... 
Wow ... That was a super quick inspection ... They were seriosuly here for about 5 seconds ... 
Beef stew for supper tonight . Awesomeness !! Now I need some girl talk ... 
Would you rather wear a sux or a tuit ? 
What to do today ? What to do ? 
Sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep ......... 
Yuumm .... Poptarts ... 
< PROPFIRST > went home a little while ago and now I'm lonely . Oh wells .... Jakey should be getting up soon and I can bug the poopey out of him for a few hours . YAYS ! 
freezing yet buring up at the same time ... Weird ... 
< PROPFEMALE > 
I feel like I have missed something .... Is that true ? 
I love me some \Bones \"." 
Do I have to work today ? 
\Aww ... I wanted to e'splode .... \"" 
So , < PROPMALE > has been laughing for over 10 minutes now ... all because I farted on him ... 
More than ready for bed ... 
Who's ready ? 
I'm hungry , but I don't feel like eatting .... 
I have yet to eat anything .... What's wrong with me ?? 
Really ? Facebook has spam now ? What the heck ?! 
I am at lost for words ... 
I loved the sun today and the little warmth that came with it . But seriously , why is it gonna get cold again ? It's almost April and I want the sun shinning and brighting up my day . Thank you . 
Clean , clean , take to mom for almost 2 1/2 hours while cleaning , clean , clean , and clean some more today ..... YAYS FOR CLEANING !!! ..... or not .... You're choice . 
I ish sooooo happy ! I am talking to my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > !! I MISS AND LOVE HER SOOOOOO MUCH !!! 
I feel like an old married couple sometimes . I tend to laugh now when he complains when something smells of mine . * shrugs * Oh wells . I have to smell his stink all the time , by the time he smells some of mine . ~~~~ Yes , I know , weird . But what else do you expect of me ? 
Bored and hungry .... Mehhh ...... 
Getting off work early today and then going to be bored out of my mind afterward . How fun ... 
* sniffs * I smell like bleach .... Bleh ..... 
The subs were awesome . Definitely worth the wait . 
Waiting for the ovent o warm up so I can eat ... And then getting ready for work . 
Relaxing a little before heading to bed . 
YAYS FOR BEING SPOILED !! lol Not really , but somehow Jakey's making me dinner . Awesome no matter how ya look at it . 
Woke up to having a knee in the middle of my back . Yays for < PROPMALE > being a bed hog . 
I have done absolutely nothing today and for once it felt nice . Yea , I got a ton of chores to do after work tomorrow , but it was worth it . 
I'm loving the sun , but I wish it would warm up a little so I can have my windows open . It will be warm enough tomorrow , but I'll be at work all day ... Hmm ... 
Listening to screamo while doing the dishes ... What could be better ? 
