ha fixed my internet :D take that virus !!! 

another reason why highschool blows . snow nazis . ur sitting in ur class , you look out the window , you see snow ! u jump up and run outof the class . you play in the snow , SNOW NAZI ATTACK !! mean old rent-a-cop calls a real cop and try to lure u into the back seat . then they begin shoveling snow in thier furnaces . fawk skool 
fauk skool . 
never seen them in my life but with 34 mutual friends . who the fuck is this kid ?! 
upon a burning body was amazing last night . blew my mind .... 
shit happens . we make the best of what gets thrown in our faces . 
Love is the answer , but while you're waiting for the answer , sex raises some pretty good questions . 
There will be a rain dance Friday night , weather permitting . 
bad drivers piss the fuck right outa me . damn old man minivan driver doesnt know u take turns at stopsigns and decided to keep on truckin like a little bitch . almost hit me >.> totaly was gonna follow him to his house and scare him but was too lazy . 
alright . im bored out of my mind . somone save me 
ate a whole box of thin mints . i dont feel so good :( 
i really didnt expect it to start snowing O.o 
There is no greater sorrow than to recall in misery the time when we were happy 
Never take life seriously . Nobody gets out alive anyway . 
is tired of the drama that seems to folo him . 
well , im bored . 
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work . I want to achieve it through not dying . 
after reviewing how my life has been going as of late all i can say is FUCK IT ALL ! 
It's the heart afraid of breaking that never learns to dance . It is the dream afraid of waking that never takes the < PROPMALE > . It is the one who won't be taken who cannot seem to give . And the soul afraid of dying that never learns to live . 
sucks when u find out the girl u love is just toying with you . lol and then trys to say that it was you playing with her . this world we live in is a fucked up one for sure . 
haveing the intellegince to over think things and make a dumb decision . would u really call that intellegince or just being a dumbass ? 
I intend to live forever - so far so good . 
I am a nobody , and nobody is perfect ; therefore I am perfect . 
good news on my quest for immortality . im still alive so im making progress !! 
The more I live , the more I learn . The more I learn , the more I realize , the less I know . 
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . 
fuck you , job . 
The number of people watching you is directly proportional to the stupidity of your action . 
last day of freedom . it feels like such a waste to me :( 
A fine is a tax for doing wrong . A tax is a fine for doing well . 
When I die , I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did , in his sleep -- not screaming , like the passengers in his car 
picked up my guitar for the first time in about a year . yup ... still suck ... was fun tho 
Love never dies a natural death . It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source . It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals . It dies of illness and wounds ; it dies of weariness , of witherings , of tarnishings . 
yeah .. i now shred at guitar . im so awesome i shred in my sleep ...... cuz im dreaming ..... yeah .... 
Don't find the time to cry for me , don't find the words to speak for me , don't find the nerve to feel for me , just get the fuck away from me 
has nothing to do today :( 
fuck skool 
lakdfnpajosdvgupaieja ' , sndfajkbv-9ueaytpkjdgtp 
obstacles are there to test how badly you want something . and they piss you off as a nice little side effect . 
so uhhh < PROPFEMALE > ... wanna help me out bro ? been doing good .... shouldnt something good happen to me before to long ? hurry the fauk up !! 
fuck it all . i need to get shitfaced . 
wants something good to happen 
there will be times when you wish you can go back to how things used to be but you just can't because things have changed so much . 
Take chances . Tell the truth . Date someone totally wrong for you . Say no . Spend all your cash ! Fall in love . Get to know someone random . Be random . Say I love you . Sing out loud . Laugh at a stupid joke . Cry . Get revenge . Apologize . Tell someone how much they mean to you . Tell the asshole what you feel . just fuckin do it . 
I've had many cases of love that were just infatuation , but this hate I feel for you is the real thing . 
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret . 
to have the nerve to come up to me and preach about how horrible i am because i create drama after you tell me to leave u alone , and i do leave u alone .... what a fucking joke . if u really want it to die ... then let it 
got my tux . not gonna lie i look pretty sexy :D 
my mind is corroding . nothing is clear anymore . there is no blacks and whites . everything is a shade of grey :/ 
is wondering if things really will turn out ok . 
is really kinda bored . 
fuck yuuuuu job !!!! 
Don't listen to me , if you're not ready cuz bravery means more to me \ 
than just fighting 
This is past the point of words , so grab your guns and follow me ... 
It seems like I try so hard\ 
\ 
But now I don't know what to do\ 
I can't find someone else who cares\ 
Because I care too much for you . 
so ... anyone wanna take the pain away ? 
this is one part of me , that ill never be able to set free . 
graduateing tomorrow . more annoyed than excited tho . 
slip n slide at one in the morning ?! i think so !!!! water was a little cold tho :O 
work at 10 in the morning after an ihop adventure that lasted till 3 ... today should be amazing ... D; 
toy story 3 was amazing !!!!! :DDDD 
all i gots < PROPFEMALE > say is my pay check is gonna be phat ! XD 
about 2 minutes ago my heart nearly exploded . i thot i lost my ipod ... scariest moment of my life !!!! 
People often say that this or that person has not yet found himself . But the self is not something one finds , it is something one creates . ~ Thomas Szasz 
i am bored . and hungry . 
hey , hey job ... fuck you . 
i find it hilarious when shallow people try to be deep . and you can tell they are trying so hard because they say and use words they would never usualy consider useing . it makes me giggle . a very manly giggle ... but a giggle none the less 
as the days melt togather time should lose its hold\ 
yet i see these seconds stretch to hours\ 
and the continual jepordy of what to fill my day with struggles on and on \ 
this existance is begining to bore me 
saw despicable me . it was amazeing !!!! ? :{ D 
do a barrel roll ! 
off to work yet again . and if anyone wants my tuesday shift just hit me up cuz i got things to see and people to do that day . 
amazing party . im still waiting on the video . im kindof scared to see what i was like last night :O 
just got back from the guadallalalalaupe river ..... yeah that sounds about right ... 
i find myself thinking of one person in particular and its driveing me insane . 
iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiss bored . 
and so sayith the lawrd , \ does this shit look infected ?... no .. ok . \"" 
\One should always play fairly when one has the winning cards . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
oh what the eff ... 
anyone wanna see the midnight of inception with me ? 
never really watched the show < PROPMALE > . jeez it is so good . so twisted ;O 
inception . wow . if u dont watch it u might as well shoot yourself for missing out on something this amazeing . 
Power corrupts . Knowledge is power . Study hard . Be evil . 
and when your mind becomes the labyrinth of conflicting morals and obligations only then will you understad where im comeing from . 
when you break up cuz u dont put out for him he never loved you to begin with . dont pretend like he did its only gonna make it hurt more intense . next time tho dont fuckin tell me i dont know what im talkin about . payment for my services in the future will be much steeper 
what now ... 
its awesome to know how alone i am :/ 
an den ? an den ? an den ? aaaan den ? 
Well let's go back to the middle of the day that starts it all\ 
I can't begin to let you know just what I'm feeling\ 
And now the red ones make me fly\ 
And the blue ones help me fall\ 
And I think I'll blow my brains against the ceiling\ 
And as the fragments of my skull begin to fall\ 
Fall on your tongue like pixie dust just think happy thoughts 
A true friend stabs you in the front . - < PROPFIRST > Wilde 
and when the world looks its bleakest . smile . and remember ... \ 
< PROPFIRST > could make it alot worse <3 
a mind is a terrible thing 
; lkasrfaxhvugzadjagdpfgtuatepldrtjayd ! ! 
bleh . 
driving to six flags fiesta texas tomorrow !!! should be an interesting ride :P 
finaly home ! six flags was awesome but its good to be back 
realllly tired and meh face is reallly sunburned :/ < PROPMALE > sunscreen that didnt want to work 
lone < PROPFEMALE > pisses me right the fuck off . they need to get their shit together . 
hard to get along with ? nah ... i can just see thru ur guise . i wont be fooled so easily . false frienship is no friendship . 
finaly home after a pretty awesome night . i think its about time i got some sleepz 
praying for things to happen is for the weak . your god gave you everything you need to make things go your way . stop being lazy , i feel no sympathy for you . 
no sleepz once again 
well thats pretty lame . i can never find the tabs to songs i acutualy WANT to play . 
just one of those nights where nothing feels right . when u feel like \fuck ... i shouldnt be here alone again ... \"" 
is bored and has nothing to do ... hit me up if u wanna < PROPFEMALE > . 
well .... 2 hours on the guitar and im still just as horrid as i was before :P 
is lacking new music . comment artists for me to listen to plz 
and when the world yelled to me \you're just not good enough\ " \ 
if it wasnt for physics and law enforcement , id be unstoppable . 
god damn ... my whole family is so fucking racist . its amazeing the things people will say behind closed doors . you think someone is one way and they show u how they are so different . 
is currently getting his ass handed to him at blazblue . 
when the shit hits the fan ... you can always fan the shit ? o.O 
i remember when i didnt know my limits at parties . 
Life is a waste of time . \ 
Time is a waste of life . \ 
So get wasted all the time .. \ 
and have the time of your life ! 
damn overachievers raiseing the bars that i worked so hard to lower ..... :/ 
The problem with common sense is that most people are morons 
midnight trip to ihop ? i think yes ! 
go away ya stupid notification ! 
woooooh ! procratinated past the due date once again ! i am so fuckn pro at this ! 
CHOOM choom choom chom ..... CHOOOM choom choom chom .... 
writing a 4 < PROPFEMALE > essay in one night that i havent even started which is due tomorrow in class at 10 am . so pro ... 
\Your future depends on your dreams\ " \ 
I work hard because millions on welfare depend on me 
We American's , we're a simple people ... but piss us off , and we'll bomb your cities 
The funniest thing about this message is that by the time you realize it doesn't say anything its too late for you to stop reading 
How far east can you go before you're heading west ? 
Do prison buses have emergency exits ? 
If a guy that was about to die in the electric chair had a heart attack should they save him ? 
Why are there interstate highways in Hawaii ? 
How do you handcuff a one-armed man ? 
If a < PROPFEMALE > is allergic to pollen would it get the hives ? 
When sign makers go on strike , is anything written on their signs ? 
Do stuttering people stutter when they're thinking to themselves ? 
What is another word for \thesaurus \"?" 
these questions need answers people . get to it ! 
i need new music . comment some bands . if theres a specific song put that too . 
I've stopped careing so why don't you just hop off my < PROPMALE > , and go fuck yo self . <3 
bleh bored as fauk 
back form oni-con . that shit was fun . austen is a party animal LOL . 
booooooorrrrreeeeddddd . someone hit me up 
just had a war with my 6th grade bro and his friend . the fort still stands . little punks think they're something :P 
send me a question in my inbox and i will ignore and/or delete it , while pretending it was never there . 
http://www.youtube.com/tippexperience\ 
do it 
lookin back and seeing the shit u missed out on . sucks < PROPMALE > . big O ' < PROPMALE > 
if ur status has no entertainment value nobody cares . so stop posting boring shit yo . we dont care what u had for lunch unless it was served to you by an elephant on a unicycle wearing a tophat and purple hot pants . 
bored . 
neeed mooore bassss ! 
PUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDIPUDDI 
ooh your so pretty when they photoshop your face ! 
preeeeety sure im high off paint fumes >.> 
and then we asked ourselfs . what are we fighting for ? 
wanna hurry up and get the fuck outa here 
sweet . facebook is determained to give me a virus . whats up with all these spam messeges . 
oh joy , i get to work all christmas day . 
my stomach just \bree'd\ " the fuck ? i just fed you . " 
huh ... yeah .... uh .. feelin this beat ... bout to bust a flow ... \ 
just kidding fuck all a you . 
im posting all my tHoTz on FB CuZ i tInK i matter . \ 
stfu already . 
need new music . post a band and song if u feel like it . 
well . surprise surprise , im color blind . so there went most technical jobs with the navy . so they gonna teach me another language instead and im gonna be a translator . got a nice score too . to bad it pretty much didnt matter >.> 
i got nothin ... somone hit me up . 
this week . is gonna be a good week . 
facebook : a place where everyone can see your failures at picking up chicks . \ 
for real do that in real life . you just look lazy and/or lame over the interwebs . 
feels like seeing the 7:00 eagle . anyone wanna go ? 
facebook . you bore me . 
im tired . lights out . cut the cord , shut it down . go to bed . 
muahahahaha ! spyware and malware you are no match for me !!! 
30 days till i ship out . 
sucsessfuly got a rate change . now i dont ship out till october . 
someone plz take my saturday and/or sunday . im not showing up for them . straight up . this is my last spring break fuck management . 
crazy ass dreams man .... crazy . ass . dreams . 
