im in love and dont wanna go :( 

I dont know why but i find myself in those situations i say i will never be in .. 
how do people walk in like 7 inch heals ?? I can barley walk in 1inch heals and wat makes matters worse < PROPFEMALE > it turned around i realizzed it was a dude in them heals .. 
If you got a phone txt ( aar ) to 79922 and vote .. 
It is so damn hard to fight for someone if your not sure if thhey will fight for you too .. 
who da f**k wears socks and flip flops anymore ?? thats been played out a long time ago ... and never wear small brightly colored underware that can show through your pants .. thats just nasty .. people arnt your friends if they let you out the house like that .. ughhhh ... 
cant stop thinking about it .... 
famous in my own little world 
On my way to atlanta !! 
Bout to go home and wash this nappy head of mine ... 
ready to eat luunch .... um so hungry ... 
Ready to leave this place called school ... Cant wait till the end !!! 
Today is gonna be a fun and hot day !! Hope i can keep uup with it .. 
Notice how the \small\ " things you hate that others do are the same \ " small\ " things that you do !! " 
My weekend is oficiialy comming to an end !!! And all i gotta say is that i had alot ove fun and will never forget this ... An if you know wat um talkin bout umm still laughin at the \you know watt \"!!!!" 
Sis just did my nails .. and now um talkin to the best man alive !! So i will see yall later so i can finish my nails and talk to my boo ... 
Recently got home .. Today was crazy !! I was a complete iidiot annd um hungry and cant wait till my < PROPFEMALE > brings me some food .. Still debating on what i want to do with my saturday .. I might see all yall later < PROPFEMALE > i figure wat i wana do ... 
Cookout at my house !! Dont come unless i call you cuz you wont get any food ... ( if your family you can come . ) 
My day was great .. Too many weeks of testing cant wait till school is out and i can sleep in almost every day !! 
Today i had to go to the docter ; tomorrow i got a test and a banquit .. So ill see yall later .. 
my skin is still red !!!!! omg it needs to hurry up and go away .... UGH !! 
Wat do you do < PROPFEMALE > your stomach hurts and you feel woozy .. ive tried everything and nothing works .. I think that im gonna slapp it earlier than usual ( insider ) .. 
They say that the best thing to do is wait , but how long can a person wait before they want more out of the situation .. 
Why is it that everything you \want\ " comes with a price ? Is this gods message ; telling us not to \ " want\ " any more !! Well what if i dont \ " want\ " anymore ? Will everything still be the same ? " 
Life is confusing !!! Why does there got to be so many paths that are constantly changing .. Why cant there be just one that stays the same ... UGH !!! 
so gladd to get out of school so early .. cant wait for the summer to slapp me across the face ..... excited yet man at the world ... 
On my own in mi mind .. Cant help myself .. Gotta do wat i gota do . 
Schools out finally ... So excited for the summer .. Uma put some pictures upp next week or so well wenver get the < PROPMALE > .. But ill see yall wenever an jjust know you will be missed ... 
my summa is just gettin started !!! cant wait till tomorrow even though i have no clue what i am doing ... im still excited ... 
cant wait to get my hair done ... yeah !!! 
finally got my hair done ... well a few hours ago but still i m loving these curls ... 
my curls just got destroyed by the rain :( \ 
idk if i should put them back in ... or is this a sign that im not supposted to have them .. 
I decided to take the curls out which seems like a bad idea because i am supposed to be running this week and all to follow ... oh well .. 
Cant wait for saturday !!! 
goin to my friends house later on today . and a party on saturday .. my summer may not be all that bad after all ... 
The movie \just right\ " was amazing .. Well i figured that < PROPFEMALE > latifa and common were gonna get together but it was still great . But anyways good night persons . Off to eat then bed cuz i gotta get up early so i an run b4 the sun omes out .. And then i will party the rest of the day .. :) " 
Celtics dominated tonight ... Awsome .. And i just got home from anotha party .. Now back to another week of summer followed by another awsome weekend .. 
Peach jello s the best flavor ever .. And i am offiicially a sophmore .. So 3 more years of high school and then i am out .. Time is going by so fast . 
waiting .................... 
another day the same .... summa :( 
Celtics from begining < PROPFEMALE > end ... 
talking ( not to myself cuz im known for that .. but its not wierd unless you answer your self back which i dont do . ) ... but on the other hand i had 3 big cups of coffee and um still sleepy . wat is wrong with < PROPFEMALE > ??? ( dont aznswer rhat question . its retorical . ) 
Came back from another awsome weekend but now i got to go back to work ! 
today im wondering .. 
Why do fast food places have you drrive arround the whle place before you can get to the window .. 
got my hair done !!!! would take pics but i dont feel like it .. maybe later .. but it can finally reach my back .. 
why are ppl < PROPFEMALE > get wit me or < PROPFEMALE > tell me that we together !! if i wanted you you would already know by now !! sum of yall lil kids need to stop flexin , and fix ya face cuz it dont look right .. 
Lookin for Sharks !! 
I change my mind . I am no longer looking or sharks cuz they hard too nd down here where i liive .. Ugh .. This sucks . 
Boondocks !! No homo . 
I hate when \older\ " people esp . Men stare at me forever and a day . But its like i dont wan2 look back but for some reason i do and then i get \ " those eyes \".." 
me and my mom ran 4 < PROPMALE > today !!!! we did it in less than 50 minutes and now i am kinda sleepy .. 
All i got to say is \old town morrow \"" 
Just watched the BET awards !! Now watchen the boondocks .. 
Who eats fried oreos and pickles ?? That sounds sik and looks sik .. Ugh !! 
honestly .. Do i look like i care ?? 
enjoying myself 
I had no idea you could call ppl on facebook . 
I love my hair .. 
bordumm ... 
Txting ppl .. And i want my leggs to tan cuz they are just white . Ugh !! 
Hersheys cookies & cream chocolate . Love it .. 
almost finished !!!!!!!! CANT WAIT !!!!! 
p.c.b. Was awesome ! 
Cant wait for monday . 
Ugh ! im not done with my summer yet !! 
got more red !! 
Got to go back . ahhh . 
Why antt everybody just make up their mind . This is just wierd and conusing .. 
All my days of being in school ive never seen it so frikkin crowded .. It waasnnt like this last yr . If it gets worse uma leave cuz dis aint funni .. 
Got through the week and now i dont wana go back .. 
Today was awesome !!! Wish every day was like this . 
I wish i knew how it wulda been .. Aah .. 
I might go . But idk . 
the game was awesome and i got to see ppl i didnt se in a long time . Glad we won .. But one thing i dont get is why do guys walk up to me expeting to get my number ?? If thats all you have to say thenn dont talk to me . Its that simple goodness not even a hello !! And to make it worse he used soomeone elses phone !! Let me stop .. 
i hate peeling a orange and the skin is like 3inches thick an the orange itself is smaller than my thumb .. Smh . 
All in my mind .. 
6 months and a week from now is gonnna be the day !! 
dont kno why sum ppl try to abbreviate words .. Its like wat < PROPFEMALE > you put s longer than the actual word .. Omg jus put the word cuz its aggrivating !! 
Hard times are the stairs leadiing up to a palace .. 
Justt watched the best movie < PROPFEMALE > \brown suger\ " now im waiting on my hair to dry . :( " 
make up your mind silly !! 
Bottoms up ! My new fav . Song . 
I feel as if i dont have a say in anything anymore !! 
Seven dollars went to waste today . 
I had a fun a exciting day today !! I bet tomorrow isnt gonna be . 
This bus needs too hurry up and get here !!! All my patients is gone .. 
No hands !! 
I am so hot !! An dk wat to do with myself .. 
Resident evil 3D is the movie to see .. It was awesome .. 
2 late nights in a row ! im still not home yet . 
My long night has come to an end .. i finally made it home so goodnight !! 
VMA's .. Um lovin it so far .. cant wait to see usher , he better sing my song !! 
Man i love drake !!! But why is kanye makin a apperence ? He kno nobody wanna see him .. 
Why do kanye think he da best an why he got a red suit on . He dont look good .. He shoulda stayed home .. i wish i could jump through the screen .. An watt in da world is he singin .. 
Yall should try the strawberry-mango limonata from < PROPFEMALE > garden 
AHH ! im a bear :) 
ugh !! 
Im cold !! 
Movie night wit my sister :D 
Ahh ! Relaxed :) 
went blind bout 2 hours ago haha :D 
Why is it that you say you came frm da nail salon and yo toes look like dat ?? Its not attractive an looks a hot mess . : C 
Ugh :( 
Finally found my car !! 
Cards anyone ?? Finna go out in a < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Cannt sleep . Cant even close my eyes .. American pie is pretty good so far . Wonder why i dont see black ppl lmao .. 
Imy . 
Why does life have to be so compliated . :( 
There are some ppl that shouldnt be allowed to wrute songs cuz its embarrising to listen to some of these .. 
By holding onto unneeded bagage i fail to grab the things that are really important me .. 
yesterday was awesome .. I wonnder how today is gonna end up .. 
I hate the fact that flys can fly but i cant :( 
:( 
LSU TIGERS !!!!!!!!! 
brah !!! 
cant stop thinking 
their is always that one person that is lost in a convo .. haha and i hate when its me :) 
LSU @ Auburn !! 
? On everything ? 
I thought i knew but i guess i dont anymore 
I really want a pineapple !!! 
Cant wait any longer . 
Dk how i should feel right now .. 
Im reppin theta's!!! 
Had a great day today !! Happy my team won against alabama !!!!! Now im just chillin wit my friends :) 
Half on :/ 
LSU wins again !! Lsu and ole miss 43-36 
counting !!! 
hope you guys have a good thanksgiving like i am !!! 
I think i need to change things up some :/ 
Tomorrow was awesome and i cant wait see what yesterday feels like .. 
Cant sleep :( 
If only i had a apple :D 
Romans Revenge !! 
I am in love with this game !! 
Dont want to take exams iin the mornin so im wathin a movie .. TTM :D 
Sometimes the best choice is not to choose at all .. 
i love stuff that smell like febreze :) 
NO !! i dont want any < PROPFEMALE > .... :( lol just kidding ! gimmie . 
Only 1 more hour :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! 
ha ... ha ... ha ... that wasn't funny at all !!!!! 
Bye jersey .. Hi again < PROPFEMALE > :( 
I swear . The regular show is stupid funny !!! 
Always boring . 
I feel like i could be doing more . but i cant do anything .. :( 
Is so excited ... Cant believe the game's gonna start in a < PROPFEMALE > :D 
I cannt wait to see what < PROPFEMALE > is gonna do next .. They shoulda made two episodesbecause now i gotta wait till next week . :D 
STUCK ! ( not on ppl but on myself ) 
The ladies man = lmvo stupidd !!! 
BLINDFURRY !!!! he know he bbe killin it !!! :D 
UGHHH !!! ii cant sleep :( 
Bumble < PROPFEMALE > rocks ! 
Today was so funny .. 
almost there ! 
Skittles :) 
glad the week is over . CHEERS !!! 
Ilove comedy central !! 
Eliot < PROPFIRST > is killin me .. ( In a good way ! ) . I swear im just on the floor crying .. 
For the first time im glad to dream :) 
excited !!! 
my hair is red again :) 
Today was a good day :) 
The day after is starting to feel really good . 
i wish i knew when :( 
All i need right now is me and my music :) 
had too much fun today !!! watched the funniest movie with my tamf and i dont want today to end :D 
just go with it is the movie !!! i think im in love with it 
:( i couldnt laugh all day :( i want to but at the same time i dont want to suffer the consequences . 
i cant believe im still awake :( 
The hair show is awesome !! Cant wait to see the hair battle i a lil bit .. 
Man do wanna sleep .. But i cant cuz i gotta fiinish these notes .. #i really need sum to keep me awake right now !! -_- 
my eye hurts :( 
On my way home from the track meet .. And i gotta say that UG did awesome !! :) 
i need to sleeep so i can run tomorrow but thee is something keeping me up and idk what it is !! 
time to chill hopefully :) 
bord and tired :( so tired that i cant even sleep .. 
50 , 50 .. 100 
The sign on the soor clearly says pull but yet im looking at a man who keeps pushing .. Smh !! 
Its easier to < PROPFEMALE > the cat out of the bag then trying to put it back in later on --- fortune cookie . 
im craving animal crackers .. 
dk watt to put on my status so this is it :) 
Weeds is like my new show now .. I just cant stop watching it !! 
Bulls did pretty good :) ii just hope my lakers do better :D 
ima be a rapper !! lmao 
