part 2 I don't know where things may go , weather we just stay friend or become romantic . I just hope and will do my best to keep her and her children in my life forever . It's such a gift to have people in your life like them and such a tragedy to ever lose them . For all my friends that hoped and wished I would find happiness , I would like to gladly report FOUND !, and her name is < PROPFIRST > . 

I love the way she pushes that string of hair back over her ear and her smile . She got the most beautiful smile . I could stare at her for hours and never loss interest . She is a highly energetic person whom is comfortable in her own skin . She is sweet , kind , outspoken , fun , intelligent , attractive ( OK beautiful ) and real . She's a great mom to children and not just her own . She is truly One in a Million . ;) 
I think this is the first entry from me . I had the greatest weekend . I meet the great person and her two great kids . Our children bonded like glue while the two of us talked for hours . The conversation never lulled and was entertaining , informative and comfortable . With every word she spoke and every mannerism she used during the conversations , I felt the chains breaking free from my hart . 
Now I know why I don't use facebook . You can't add more than 420 characters in a single thought . That blows donkey balls . 
I need to get a new pic . I mean I love < PROPFIRST > and all but now that < PROPMALE > has had his way with him , I just need to move on . :o I'll work on finding something better to change it out to . 
Is it just me or does the air smell fresh today . I think I need to change my nickname from Gravy to Thicky pudding . :) 
Quote of the day . This came to me via a friend some of you may know , Eastern57 . \Sometimes all it takes to open you eyes is something to look at . \"" 
I found a bunch of old photos I will try to scan and load tonight . You guys will get to see Stoner < PROPFIRST > and Cowboy < PROPFIRST > . Sound like characters from In living color don't they ? 
WOW ! Just WOW ! 
Life is a sand castle . We build our walls and sculpt our buildings only to have the waves of life rip through and clean everything away so we have to build it all again . 
Itr's the darkness that warms not the light , Because in the darkness you can not see the plight . There is no anger or fear because there is nothing there . No moment of choice , no shouting voice , No hatred , no betrayal , no feeling of fail . In the light your exposed for all te see it the darkness that truly blankets the . 
Yeah the sun is out . Time to recharge , bring it on . 
It's so fraking slow at work , I'm going out of my mind . I think the clock is broke , should it be going backwards ? 
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY ! I signed my divorce papers today . Come on 6/1/10 . 
WHo's ready for the weekend ? I know I am . 
Stop pokking me ! My ribs are killing me now . I hope you have a swore finger from all your poking you , you , poker . LOL 
Off to the show I go . Don't you all have to much fun without me now . 
I have been experienced by the Hendrix experience . Great show . 
If you think life is bad . How would you like to be an egg ? * You only get laid once . * You only get eaten once . * It takes 4 minutes to get hard . Only 2 minutes to get soft . * You share your box with 11 other guys . * But worst of all .... The only chick that ever sat on your face was your mother . 
I love my friends , you all rock . 
My ex signed the divorce papers . Yay come 6/1/10 it will be finalized . My life just got a reboot . ;) 
It's a beautiful day peeps . Take life by the horns and live it like there is no tomorrow . 
I'm on a roll . No not a dinner roll . I have been going home at lunch have an apple or yogart and working out . 
some days the simplest shit just aint so simple . FUCKGODAMNITSHITFIREFUCKSTICKS ! Stupid IP address . 
Is it beer thirty yet .? 
GOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD MOOOOOOOORRRRRRRNNNNNIIIIIINNNNNGGGG Facebook Peeps . 
New profile song and it's not Metallica or headbanger ball stuff . Love this song from Alanis , I don't know why but I have always loved this song . 
Just went roller blading . First time in years . My dogs are killing me , but it was fun . :) 
Who's your daddy ? 
Gravy's got new daily plan . Go to work , pick up kids , roller blade around the hood , make/eat dinner , Work on back bedroom ( fuck yeah ) , put kids to sleep , Workout , go to bed , repeat . Sat and Sun party play part play . I went down one pant size . I'm feeling good and loveing it . :) 
Fuck hunger . Hunger is my bitch . I have that hunger feeling and I just drove right through fast food hell . Did I stop ? Oh I wanted to but I told hunger to stop being a whinny little bitch and suck it up . Note : I'm not starving my self I'm just being more in control of of what , when and how much I eat . 190 - 200 is my goal . current 220 . started 255 . 
Got some more done on my room tonight . Just keep swiming just keep swiming . Oops wrong song . Breath in breath out , wait that's not it either ..... Stay on target , stay on target . OK that works . ;) 
I'm in a rear mode tonight , Is the < PROPFEMALE > full . I think I'll go watch some porn . Thanks God for Porn . 
I just became a fan of VAGINE . Uh I mean I have always been a VAGINA fan . I like it when Vagina asks me to cum over and play . ;) 
Now I'm a fan of titties and beer too . Maybe me VAGINA , titties and beer can all get together and play spin the bottle . ;) 
Wow . I love facebook . All my life has been waisted until now . I have become a fan of VAGINA , ass holes :) and Tiites and beer all in the same day . Who know ? 
What is the worl cuming to . VAGINA , Titties and beer , ass holes :) and now BLOW JOBS :D all in the same day . Is this candid camera . OK who's there I see you . Now if only I can become a fan of Midget Asian in latex Porn . 
For Fucksake is it Fryday yet . Well I guess being today is payday makes Thursdays better . 
Today I became a fan , no a big fan of Masturbation . It just seamed to be fitting . almost like a gloove . I would actualy say I'm more of a groupy than just a fan . I mean fan wouldn't do the things for Masturbation that I would . Actually I think I might be the president of the Masturbation Fan club . 
Yay 20 minuets left in the work day . Get kids , roller blade , eat left over spaghetti , Workout , do shot or two before bed . 
My vission is getting worse . Can you really go blind by masturbating to much ? 
What to say ? For once I got nothing . 
Yay 30 to go until the end of my day . Fuck Yeah . 
I have no Kids for the next 13 hrs . What to do ? what to do ? ;) 
Kicked some < PROPFEMALE > ass lastnight . Video at 11 . A Long Long Time from now , In a web < PROPFEMALE > far far away . 
Gravys ' dieing sllllllllloooooooooooowwwwwwlllllllyyyyyyyyyy . Being sick sucks ass . Just checked my temp . One ear is 101 the other is 99.9 . See you all on the other side of this shit . Fuck work tomarrow I have a grave to dig . ;( 
Gravy Just eat som chicken noodle soup . I hope it helps because I still feel like shit . 
Feeling a litle better today . Nappind and cleaning house is todays schedule . I also need to try and work out some today before I start going backwards . 
kicked ass on my cold today . Cleand up the house some , did the dishes , laundry and threw in some of my work out . even went out later in the day and bought some new threads . 
I need a life ! I think I'll go get one ..... in about 5-7 years ! Went up to the Tower last night with the kids for dinner . It was happening , but could dad stay and play , flirt , or scam ? Oh no the kids won't have any of that now will they ! That's OK the Boy gets more winks than his old man does anyway . Punk . 
Such is life . 
HOLY SHIT !! I have a penis . I mean I guess it could be a mushroom as I am usually in the dark and fed bullshit , but I think it's a penis . Iw as just getting ready for a shower and looked down . I didn't bend over I simply looked down and there it was my long lost penis . All I saw was the head but it was there . You know how long it's been since I've had that kind of visual verification that I actually had a penis ?.... 
This shit anit right . When does dad get a spring break . I love my kids , but I was ready for a weekend of \do WTF I want to do \"." 
Easter is about rebirth right ? Good I need one . My kids are driving me nuts today . Tonight After I put them down , I will hide eggs , set out their baskets and drink until I pass out . Tomorrow if/when I awaken ;) I hope to have rebooted . 
Ham dinner in 30 . Yummmmmm 
I got my May pants today . 34/32 . I will be in them by the end of May . Gravy hasn't been in a 34/32 in about 13 years . I need to satrt running or something more physicaly demanding though . I have hit the 220 plato . pfft 
I wish i could get read of this damn sinus shit it's killing me . I thought i was going to die after my work out last night . I couldn't breath worth a shit . Fucksticks and shit . 
Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Bored . Hey it's 11:11 . well actually now it's 11:12 . Hey It's 11:12 . :) 
it's almost the end of my work day ... well it's almost the end of my day at work anyways . Yay 4:00 
I just became a fan of \ How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop ? \ " I want to take the test . I really like the < PROPFEMALE > ones . ;) " 
You ever have that feeling like you just need to unplug for awhile ? I remember a day when going online was boring and took forever . Life seamed less unoccupied then . I've been using the F5 key and Cnt , Alt , Delete when all along I should have just pulled the plug , if not just for a few days . Bye . 
Just road in from biker bash in Madera . I'm soaking wet . It's amazing how wet you get doing 80 in the rain :) Had a great time last night . The best of company , great meal , few drinks , cool bar , nice walk and a good conversations . I even provided a SAFE tuck-in service . ;) 
Yeah it's fucking lunch time . 
THE SUN WILL COME OUT TOMORROW ! I love the sun . 
Out of the office and on a job site today , Fuck yeah ! 
WTF up to all my FB peeps . Is it just me or does life just kick ass ? I hope every body has or had a great day . To all you beautiful ladies thanks for always looking so good . We know you put a lot into even though you don't need to . All you gents treat your beautiful lady , she deservis it . 
Just found out this morning a freind of mine and his girlfriend are on life support . :( Afte we all left last night from starbucks they were hit while at a stop light . The car hit them from behind . it was doing over 100 mph . < PROPFEMALE > in ther < PROPMALE > . 
It's a new week and a beautiful day , live it because no one else is going to do it for you . TIme is short get what you can out of it . ;) 
When life gives you soup , don't try to make a sandwhich out of it . because nothing is more fucked up than a soup sandwich . Just enjoy the soup . :) 
Four days until 48 hours of FREEDOM . I can feel the hangover already . Sweet ! http://chatter.com/a/5a7ve?ref=nf 
Mmmmmmmmm coffee good . 
I like to move it move it . I like to move it move it . I like to move it move it . I like to ............. MOVE IT ! 
Damn it to hell , Weekend foiled AGAIN ! I will try to recover some of my Sat night . Shit fire fuck sticks on a sunday parade . 
Fuck yeah it's Fryday . 
I need to report a hit and rum . Anyone get the licens plate of the bus that hit me last night ? What a night , I needed that . ;) Ready for round two , well almost . 
I am so fuckup right now . What a fucking night . Yea ha bitches . meet lots of cool party people . 
I survived yet another night . I woke up not in handcuffs or in jail or in a barn cudled up to a pig . I call this weekend a win ! ;) 
empty space 
Two days until my kids come home . :) 
I get to see my kids tonight . YAY . Thanks to my friends for helping me get through missing them . You are awesome . ;) 
I love you Sunday . 
Each new day is another to live , let today be Great . ;) 
It can take a long time to get back what we so freely give away . 
Saying yay just becuase I can . YAY . 
My house needs a douching bad . 
Clean house , dirty mind . Party at mikes ' anyone in ? :) 
Tower dog night , Fuck Yeah ! 
Another great night out at the Tower . Nothing but love for my two dancing queens . I woke up this morning with a smile even though I have a slight hangover . :) 
\And I feel and I feel if the dogs begain to smell her 
My daughter turns 8 this weekend . Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > , daddy loves you . 
I have lick my wonds and feel 1000 times better . My Daughters B-day kicked my ass but I took it back . :) 
I am all hopped up on caffeine and sugar , or maybe it's just my H again . Either way , look what I can do . 
I R OLD . you just know it when it hits you . Don't mean I ain't fighting the good fight , just takes longer for the wonds to heal . 
WOW ! what a weekend . One wedding 15 hours ofroad time on the bike and two grreat days of camping . 
I think one more day of flushing out the liver with\ 
cranberry juice will do it . Where’s that liver vending machine anyway . 
Time to catch up on Judge < PROPFEMALE > today . The daughter is staying home sick . 
Just got back from the 1st annual NA'ers toy run . Nice ride . 
Got a new 12 string acustic . Luv'n the sound . 
I need to open a can of \Fuck it already\ " and get my shit right . " 
I'm loving haveing my kids . They are keeping my buisy . Just hading out to ride our bikes at the park , then shoping , then dinner , then .... Maybe some daddy time . maybe even a Martini tonight . :) 
Well we killed 1 and 1/2 bottles of Vodka last night . I think someone really liked the grape Three Olives vodka . I think my son had more fun than anyone of us though . < PROPMALE > he talked about this morning was being tickled to death . :) 
Is finding peace . 
Just keep swiming , Just keep swiming . 
Thank whatever there is to thank that my Bday is\ 
past . Can we just call it quits and say I don't have a Bday anymore ? \ 
I'll just celebrate everyones elses . They are always way more fun . 
Part of moving on is letting go right ? To let go\ 
one must throw all to the wind . With that said I throw this out . This \ 
was how I dealt with falling for someone I shouldn't have . http://www.your-poetry.com/modules.php?name=Your_Account&op=userinfo&username=gravy 
. 
Here we go . Divorce take two . She filed a change on the 11th hour . SHe's only hurting the kids and herself . Some people alwasy have to ice skate uphill . 
If I\ 
was earth you would not have moved me . If I was fire you would not have\ 
snuffed me . If I was water you would not have dammed me . If I was wind\ 
you would not have stoped me . But I am only man and you have forsaken me . 
My boy came home early this week . He wanted his dad . :)) So it's just me and the boy until my daughter comes home on Friday . 
Sorry all , I'm man caving really bad right now . I'm just having a harder time then I though getting on with things . Some shit you just never get over . And NO I'm not talking about my ex-wife , that was a piece of cake compared to this . 
Je \ 
voudrais vendre mon âme au souffle dans ses soupirs 
Fuck anyone\ 
who says \it's better to love and lost then never love at all\ " . That's\ 
Good day , How do ? and I send a smile to you . \ 
\ 
I have lifted my head out of the ashes of my cremated heart . And with my eyes I saw a light so bright it drove away the darkest of clouds that loomed over my head . and that light was my new life with no regret waiting for me . :) 
What a great weekend . I hope every one had an as equally\ 
great weekend as . :) \ 
Pour le\ 
regard sur elle est de se prélasser dans sa beaut . 
best movie quote ever . \ 
\A squirrel walks up to a tree and says 
Yeah it's 6am . I'm off to take a piss test for work . SHHHHHHHHHHHHHH don't tell them , I'm an old pro . I've been pissing for like 40 years , I'm so good I can do it in my sleep . :O 
I went to Table moutain Casino today and won , or at least the company I work for did . \ 
They should call it Zombie land . \ 
Also I'm getting my new ink today , Yeah me . 
would like another dance with one very special beautiful lady . ;) \ 
?? ?? ???????? ????? ???? ??? ????? ???, ????????? ??? ??????? ??? ????? ???. 
I love watching the TV show cops . There are some dumb-ass people out there . Makes my tarded ass look brilliant . 
Is looking forward to cooking dinner Thursday for < PROPFIRST > and really hopes she like my cooking . ;) I'm also making brownies . 
Well I got 13thed . First from the ex then from the records of \when simple jobs go bad\ " . 10 hours to the 14th and counting . I hope the 13th ends as good as it started though . ;) " 
Engine over heats a little what to check ? \ 
Coolant , Check\ 
Air flow , Check\ 
Thermostat opens , Check . \ 
Hummmmm IDk \ 
OK Check Oil ............................ \ 
Oops , didn't even register on the dip stick . \ 
That's a way to use your dip stick < PROPFIRST > . 
Why does the weekend have to end ? I did make brownies though . ;) 
It's the simple thing that make a night so special . \ 
Like being told to \Stay back\ " or being talked to in foreign tongues . ;) \ 
had another great evening . I have also found that a cold bike ride in the morning is more effective than a cold shower . 
Some morning you just don't want to get out of bed . ;) \ 
Good morning . 
note to self : Listen to < PROPFIRST > , she may be smart after all . \ 
I didn't think she meant that rubber container left on stove top would catch fire and burn house down . I'm just thankful that I saw the bellows of smoke coming from my house from outside . I did get the fire out before it did < PROPMALE > damage . 
My name if < PROPFIRST > and sometimes I tend to leave my brains in strange places ! 
Just had the greats five days in a row . Spent all of it with the greatest woman . Me so happy . \ 
How could we have lived so close to each other , know some of the same people and never met until now . I feel as though I was cheated out of time . I will waste no more of that I tell you . ;) 
I need a nap bad , good thing I'm at work . Night night . :) \ 
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Hopes his Girl Friend doesn't forget who he is while he's gone . :) \ 
All though it could be like meeting me all over again , Second < PROPMALE > at better first meeting . ;) 
What a great way to end the weekend . :D I really enjoyed seeing all my frieds from a far and had a good time this weekend , but loved seeing My Girl after getting back . ;) 
Note to self : Stop makeing bets with < PROPFIRST > . Or better yet stop giving < PROPFIRST > answers and betting they are wrong later . 
Is so lucky to have such am Awesome Girlfreind . \ 
She a wind in my sail , the warmth on my face and the smile in my heart . \ 
Life is always good but now it's great . :D 
What a beautiful day . I get my kids back tonight and get to see my Girlfriend too . Only winning the lottery could improve my life . ;) ;) Oh I guess I need to play it first . 
missed you talking lastnight and kissing you good bye this morning . \ 
I hope to see you tonight . 
needs to stop snoring in his girlfriends ear at night . The poor girl can't put up with that for too much longer . 
And good morning to you . I got to wake up to dog puke on the floor and the dog standing guard over it . Damn I'm hungry now I feel like chilly and scrambled eggs . 
My dog got her-self some Leg last night . It appears that she really really likes my GF . :) 
is obviously a dumb ass and just don't get it . 
WOW ! just did this from my TV through my wii . and it only took 10 < PROPFEMALE > . : 0 
Ok so it's been 68 hours since my daughter got her first ever cell phone . It's a pay as you go . I just got a call from school that she can't find it and it's not in her backpack . Could this be a new world record ? LOL 
I love how some drivers just make up driving rules as they go . Sure you can turn left from the far right < PROPFIRST > , not a problem . Dumb-Ass . 
What a great weekend . Shamu ( that would be me ) got to spend some time in the Ocean . < PROPFIRST > got to see me in my natural habitat . 
There is no place like home , There is no place like home , There is no place ..... wrong hole , WRONG HOLE ! \ 
I hope this is not how my day turns out . 
I hat it when you wake up with the great idea to go get donuts , then get there and all the donuts stores are wiped out . nothing like a dozen glazed donuts . :( 
Went roller-skating this weekend . Yay I have pain in places on my body I didn't even know could feel pain . We all had fun , yes even the kids . :) 
I need to take more Dayquil . I hate fucking cold season . I think my GF is going to kill me before it's over . 
Can't wait until Halloween . Lot's of things to do between now and then . Come on Thursday , I mean Saturday . ;) 
Halloween is almost here . Fuck yeah !!!! 
Yay it's almost Saturday . I'm taking my GF out for dinner and a show . Gilmore < PROPMALE > , A Pink < PROPMALE > tribute band . Can't wait , It's a great ending to a long week . :) 
could this day go any fucking slower ??? How can one day seam to go slower than an entire weekend ? It's just isn't right . Two things I would just love to kick the shit out of , Time and gravity . Thy both suck . :P 
Gilmore < PROPMALE > rocked . If I was a blind person I would have thought it was actually Pink < PROPMALE > on the stage . It was one great show . 
It was great this weekend to wake uo to snow again . Been a really long time since I've done that . Also got my Christmas tree up . 
Just fucking packing up 11 years of my life . I'm 5 boxes in of who knows how many . I'll hopefully be all packed in the nest two weeks . I bet it will take me two years to unpack . OK brake time over back on your heads , As the Devil said . 
Somebody Spank me . \ 
;) 
I'm feeling very ADHD today . Monster isn't even slowing me down a bit . \ 
I LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK it . :) 
Ok so I moved right . I liked my Dishwasher from my house better than the one at the new place , No big right just change them out right ? NOT ! got it all changed hooked up and no work , Pull out the tools time . Tear it all down ( now it just worked fine a week ago ) the main board is fried . Some how mice were living in it . \ 
:( 
Warning . I feel like running through the streets NAKE'D . \ 
It's Friday !!!!!! 
Not to all fathers with young daughters . kids Pink nail polish is the most durable substance on earth . It laughs in the face of polish remover . It will wear-down all your sanding disks . I fear I will now have Pink toe's for life . Thank god it's winter . ;) 
OK so the utility company sent me an invoice from my recently closed account stating that I owed - $180.00 and I had a $180.00 credit , but they sent me no check . WTF was that a thank you letter ? 
Sitting at home got a fire in the fireplace and a drink in my hand . Oh my . 
Yeah I should have my surrond sound done tonight . Speakers are all < PROPMALE > , just need to run the wires . \ 
Look at me pictures and speakers < PROPMALE > , I'm all moved in now . It don't get more donw than that . ;) 
I'm going to bed early tonight . I feel old . Anyone want to feel me to verify ? LOL 
Turn the < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
I'm love'n the English pirate thing . RRRRRR Two thumbs up matey . ;) 
you got poked in FB English pirate . \ 
Ahoy there Mike , \ 
< PROPFIRST > skewered ye . \ 
T ' sink th ' skewer or to skewer right back , stab th ' link below :\ 
ROFLOL 
I got to go pee on something , I mean cook dinner . 
Sweet I just finished my boys X-mass present . His first ever full metal hilt lightsaber with a PC sound card . I will add pictures later . I be tired . \ 
Now I have to finish the daughters , Then a little something for a friend of mine to take to the club with her , The a Lightsaber I promised to my EX-gfs daughter and then maybe one or two of my old projects I'll finish . 
Hey Michael , \ 
We've missed you at Myspace lately . Plain and simple , we think you should come back . And here's why . The new Myspace provides the best social entertainment experience on Earth . . The new Myspace gives you custom recommendations so you can discover more of what you love and connect with new like-minded friends . 
Broken , lonely , and out of love 
It’s a well know fact that pushing the cross walk button 200 times consecutively puts the street light into “holy fuck there is a large group of well organized impatient people wanting to cross” mode . \ 
There is also a “skip all floors and hurry for the shit load of people that all pushed the up button on floor (?) ” mode for elevators 
Is it just me or has the fast < PROPFIRST > in life turned into a parking lot ? \ 
Post this in your status if you know someone who might know someone else . Even if you don't know anyone , maybe you've heard of someone who DOES know someone else ... post this anyway . Oh and the hearts ! ???? For the love of GOD , don't forget the hearts ! ????????? 
Missing Persons torrow night , Sweet can't wait . I just have no words for it . :) 
Missing Persons was MIA but I still got to stop the world and melt with you . \ 
Fuck MP and Ozzy , we still have a blast even when you don't show up . We'er Fres-mother-fucking-no , the drunkest city in the USA Bitch . :P 
I don't want to grow up no more , It's cost to much . I get my Blazer back today . New radiator , Shifter fixed , Half a new dash ( to fix my light control panel that was causeing electrical short ) , oil change and badly need tires . I was told I need something on my front end fixed , new struts and I know I need new rotors . That will have to wait . By by tax return . It's like they know what you have with out asking . : .. ( 
Well that sucks . FB won't let me be in a relationship with my-self . That's just wrong . :( 
The Actor , Clown and Fool . That's the new Me , My-self and I . 
The show \teen mom\ " has it all wrong . Kids are easy up until the age of 5 when school and sports start . Lets show them teen girls that want to have babies what it's like to have kids from 6 through 16 . Fuck I prey for death just so I can get some alone and sleep time . " 
Batting cages with the boy tonight . ;) 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste to your status , so I may comment on yours as well ... be a good sport and play along .. four words is harder then you think 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour 
I sad . :( We ( the A's little league team I coach ) won another game today . Great right ? Not when your ex-wife won't let your son play the weeks she has him . To of our best games and he was not there to share in the fun . takes the win right out of me . 
Iz got the supper funk . Has to be . If you want to delete your profile just have me send you an < PROPMALE > and it will happen . ;) Batting 100 peeps . LOL 
Say what ?? this for for Gemini today on Yahoo . 
OK today we have Batting cadges , Bike riding and then swimming . 
I met a really hot woman tonight and she gave me her number . Actually she called my house with her phone so I would have her number . BFFet says it's a good sign . I think if it's good it's to good to be true , so I'm left waiting for the puck line or the sucker punch . I'll post when happens , the sucker punch . ;) 
I now have 69 FB friends . I am somebody .. LOL 
I have this feeling it's going to be a long year . 
FB is pissing me off or pissing on me , either way I'm not liking it . :\\ 
It is Friday . Time to pull the bike back out . < PROPFEMALE > Fuck Yeah . :) 
I think life is my new Girlfriend , because I fucking the loving shit out of it . :D 
Is it Friday yet ? No Not yet ? How about now ? Now ? Nooooooooow ? \ 
Fuck sticks ! OK I'll wait . 
My last night as a free and able man ....... until next Friday . I feel a sad because I have not gotten into any trouble all week , I'm slipping . 
Wow I got to like Japanese sluts and free midget porn all in one day . Long live Facebook . 
So I met what I thought would have been a perfect match for me , and then just like that she was gone . We talked and had a good time and I some how managed to run her off with out getting her number . :( 
I so just got boned by the fucking vending machine . Dug through the truck to find $1 in change , put it all in hit the < PROPFIRST > for the last package of cupcakes only to watch it turn side ways instead of fall out . Even rocking the dam thing won't work . \ 
shit sticks . :| 
Oh my god , this speaker sucks ass . It's a show and tell asshole not a training class . U lost us a hello . 
Hurt'n for certain . Last night , I mean five hours ago was ruff . 
Much better now after breakfast . :) \ 
Tonight's doing to be a good night . ;) 
Love me some hot Sak'e . ;D 
I got the letter M\ 
Something I like : Martini's\ 
Something I dislike : maggots\ 
Someone : < PROPFIRST > , my ninja\ 
Something sad : My last Marriage\ 
Like and I will give you a letter :) 
I think its late but I'm not tired just yet . :( 
when life gives you lemons , Add vodka it mixes with everything . :) 
So there I was sleeping in my bed when I was woken by my daughter who tells me \ daddy I just got sick on the floor in my bed room \"." 
Happy fathers day to all :) 
What's worse than waking up to cleaning ur daughter vomit off her floor at 4am ? Cleaning ur sons off ur own bed at 12:30 am . :( 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKWWyEP7Xaw&feature=youtube_gdata_playe 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKWWyEP7Xaw&feature=youtube_gdata_player 
Is it over yet ? This is a long week and the work day is just dragging on . :( 
Yeah it's almost time to go home . four days off bitches . 
Going to the island water park . Yay me . :D 
One of these day's I'll learn to keep my mouth shut . Either that or I'll be to old and talk gibberish and no one will understand me anyways . Prey for the day . :) 
Rum and coke at the pool , good times . :) 
Don't judge , I just watch the new < PROPFIRST > . Loved it , but I like the original too . Yes I'm a hopeless romantic . :P 
Come on A's , 3 run lead and u load the bases with only only 1 out and ur about to walk one in . Really ?? 
Taking the kids to the water park . :) 
Spent and tired it's going to be a long day . 
F.R.I.E.N.D.S. : ( F)ight for you . ( R)espect you . ( I)nvolve you . ( E)ncourage you . \ 
( N)eed you . ( D)eserve you and ( S)tand by you .......... Post this if you Agree ? 
Who the fuck designs this shit anyway ? U have to be a midget to work on my American car . 
My head hurts , My stomach is yelling at me and yet all I can think how great life is . :) 
A new day will rise from the ashes of yesterday and the winds of change shall < PROPFEMALE > apron it the last ember of hope to tomorrow where it shall restart the fire of life . 
yum yum yum . That's what I say about < PROPFIRST > in the box tacos . :D 
Had the best nights sleep since like forever . Man I feel like a million bucks . Hello Wednesday :) 
Maybe I'm a different breed , Maybe I'm not listening , So blame it on my A.D.D. baby ........................ Sail . \ 
I love this song . I can't stop singing it in my head . :) 
Happy Friday , Lets get this Zombie apocalypse under way already . :D 
I want to go dancing tonight , anyone up for shaking your groove thing ? 
I have no game , but I just don't give a shit . 
Ohhhhh < PROPFEMALE > u got some splaying to do . 
So I go to take the trash out and what do I see ? Fresno PD and a crime scene lab < PROPFIRST > . Second time here in the last six months . 
Must reboot life . I know how to on my computer but what do I do to reboot me ? Finger in each ear and blow hard with lips closed tight ? 
Come on Friday . Manamana :) 
Cooking Ribeye's and drinking rum and coke . Yummmmmm :D 
Can't wait to get my dance on tomorrow night . It's 80's night at Fulton 55 :) \Some dance to member some dance to forget . \"" 
Sail :( 
OMG is it 4:00 yet ???? 
I just got my first NSA sex hook up request from some girl off an on line dating sit . Lol pass , not into that . 
Water park , check . Work out , check . Next nap . Later , 80's night . Drink and dance . :) 
I want some food . Me hungry . 
I just ordered pizza from my Iphone via a Pizza-hut app . I am so 21 century now . 
It's amazzzzzzzing , you can teach an old dog new tricks . And tricks aren't just for kids anymore . :) 
Next time I'm going to ask just where my doctor thinks she's going to use that . 
I need a new story . ;) 
BBQing at BFF's 
Nobody stores cotton < PROPFEMALE > like this . 
Some times you feel like a nut . :) 
Is feeling like himself again . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > :D . Watch out world , I'm back . Lock up your midgets , and barn animals . heh heh heh ;) 
It puts the lotion in the basket . :) 
Blaze fest in four days , Fuck yeah . 
Love some Awol . 
Cheap trick kicked ass last night . Blazefest rocked . :) 
where's the rum matey ? 
Time to go get the kids and make them walk the plank . Arrrrrrrrr . 
Here we go again , face book changing my shit all around . it's like coming home and find all your furniture moved around . 
Why did I decide to become my sons soccer coach ? I had a 5 hour on field coaches class that kicked my ass today . I hurt in places I didn't even no I could hurt . 
