has to write a 2page paper about someone influential in my life ..... i wonder who that could be ??? 

my ear is ringing wtf ? 
has an interview at best buy !!! wish me luck lol 
now has to wait a few days to recieve a call for his second interview at Best Buy !!! 
got skype add me ... davidmarquez1991 ... fools 
found out that Rush , < PROPFIRST > eat world , and some other band are going to my Best Buy in the near future .... wooo !! 
Happy new year people !!!!!!!! 
When oppurtunity comes knocking it's best to open the door ..... well oppurtunity has just knocked for our family : ) 
is following live blogs on the apple tablet officially known as the \Ipad\ " btw it almost has a 10 inch screen " 
The Ipad is fucking epic ..... $499 for 16gb ... 599 32gb .... 699 for 64gb .... also wifi and 3g models will cost $130 more than the original wifi only price ..... first Ipads will be available in 60 day ( wifi only ) and the 3g+wifi 30 days after that ..... Freaking A 
is feeling sorry for the losers who bought iphones recently because i just seen the new Iphone with a front facing camera for VIDEO CHAT !!!!!! 
Just finished watching American Psycho and was left like WTF lol 
BIG BYFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FTWWWWWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!! 
GET THE BROOMS OUTTTTTTTTT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKS 
HAWKS !!!!!!!!! WIN !!!!! SWEEP !!!! 
Any one want to join me for the live via satellite BIG FOUR concert on June 22 featuring Metallica , Anthrax , Slayer , and Megadeth tickets are 18 bucks at the Addison Movie Theater 
HAWKS WIN !!!! 
hawks win !!!!!!! 
Hawks win !!!!! 
Damn Ref dont see shit when it happens to the Hawks 
HAWKS WIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
HAWKSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS WINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN !!!!!!!!!!!! 
STANELY CUP IS COMING HOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
BRAZIL . 
BRAZIL . do do do BRAZIL do do do BRAZIL FTW KAKA and < PROPFIRST > FABIANO FTW 
< PROPFIRST > is coming back after 7years ..... might have to keep my wii after all 
loves how there is a bird sitting on the goal netting . by Algerias goalie during the England match . greatest bird ever lol 
currently listening to techno in his house while putting away the dishes ... i feel like im a dishwasher in a club lol 
transformers 3 is gunna be filmed downtown 
Just got off work from < PROPFIRST > we got like 7 refrigeration trucks full of shit I'm not gunna answer my phone if they try to call me in again 
RIP MJ greatest Singer/songwriter ever . Long live the < PROPMALE > of Pop 
The Nike football rewrite the future curse is complete , all players featured in the video either didnt do well or their entire team didnt make it thru the world cup ..... bogus 
wants to thank everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
looks like lbj is going to miami .... 
My birthday party was pretty damn fun bare foot soccer while stepping on sticks getting stabbed in the foot and breaking some awesome ass pinatas pics to come 
just booked a 4star hotel in downtown Minneapolis with 2 rooms for 60 bucks a night ...... Fucking A !!!! 
My house has diarrhea lol 
fuck you piece of shit rain I'm Gunna piss skyward so hard imma flood the sky and go through the god damn atmosphere .... and I thought Jesus was my home boy lol 
to bad bp killed spongebob we really could have used him now 
Is so fucking bored and like fuuuuuuuuuuuuuccccccccckkkkkkkkk this shit 
So my dad left the house in a quiet angry drunken rage because my mom didn't want to talk to him cuz he was drunk an he thought she had someone in the basement cuz she was doing laundry .... Alcohol is bad for ya kids ... especially when your father sleeps with a loading glock 9 in his bedside drawer 
has walked all four floors of the mall of < PROPFEMALE > and found nothing quite of interest 
is finding that fashion is quite repetitive 
rest in peace Abuelito .... you fought hard 
just noticed that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was in Starship Troopers . lol 
Holy shit Mexico won miss universe lol and I missed it the fuck 
Netflix on my iPod Hells YeaHhhh !!!!!! 
If anyone has an hour and a half to waste I suggest you go to video.google.com and search up ( earthlings ) to get a mouthful of how fucked up we are as a human race .... Material Is graphic but I suggest you watch and learn a \little\ " bit . " 
is itchy under this beard 
Report : Kinect Doesn't Speak Spanish ( It Speaks Mexican ) [ Xbox 360 ] ...... I lol'd\ 
\ 
http://kotaku.com/5627036/report-kinect-doesnt-speak-spanish-it-speaks-mexican 
Saw a p90 at the gun shop .... Want !!! 
Briggs with the turnover !!!! Woo now a TD please 
Bears FTW !!!!! 
Bears !!!!!!! 
Was just watching < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s super humans on history channel and saw a guy named yves rossy achieve flight only using his body and 4 mini jet engines .... EPIC !!! 
Bears WINNNN !!!!!!! 
Is playing crash bandicoot 
Cutlers in the locker room 
At least it's not a shut out Now ... God damn bears 
Go Hawks !!!! 
Just added all 4 seasons of Psych to his netflix instant queue ... Woo 
Just got off work ... Back just started to hurt ... Gunna take out the garbage and then sleep for a few hours ... but seeing the sunrise and the < PROPFEMALE > set in a blend of navy blue , and green to create a seafoamy green was pretty sweet 
who can remind me how to play spoons again ??? 
Won't be buying shit today for black Friday but will wait to see what cyber Monday has in store hopefully better stuff than what's out there today 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Nielsen ... I fucking loved you man 
dark as hell in these woods sitting next to a fire though 
Has bought a nice selection of blu < PROPFIRST > movies for the winter which includes fight club 10th anniversary edition , reservoir dogs 15th anniversary edition , LIFE from the makers of Planet earth , the entire Dirty < PROPMALE > collection set , Fantasia and fantasia 2000 , and to round it all out just received Inception .... So if any1 wants to have a movie night hit me up lol 
Red dead redemption game of the year !! 
power is out 
well I guess the pack is In 
Needs a job who the fuck is hiring ? 
Jugando domino 
People don't worry about your zodiac signs it was a astronomer who decided this change not an astrologer they have different views on the sun , the stars , and the universe you know all that space shit ... 
patriots are out 
I know the social network is a good movie but I really like it because < PROPFIRST > Fincher directed it because he directed Fight Club ... so it's cool it's winning a bunch of awards besides Inception 
Halle Fucking < PROPFIRST > lookin fine as ever !!!!!! 
Good job Pack cuz the bears played like shit today 
Jesus needs to use head and shoulders to many flakes coming down 
snowpocalypse 2011 
Super bowl halftimes need more tits bring < PROPFEMALE > back !!!! And the titties !!!! Please 
The green hornet is on sci fi ... The OG Kato was < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... epic 
court in the morning 
< PROPFIRST > bieber has a line of nail polish I think he really is Girl 
Lady gaga arrived in a egg literally inside of a fucking egg 
staring at a MILF that's on Caso Cerrado :) 
Bought The Bourne Trilogy today :) 
Wishes that dragons really existed :( 
Go bulls don't fuck up like last time 
Today was quite a shitty day 
Bulls sweeping the Heat 
Got a call from Carmax interview on Wednesday 
Got a letter from carmax saying I'm cool but they gunna hire some one else even though the position entails taking pics of cars when i told them I've done alot of photo stuff .... 
meet an Australian last night cool peoples 
Usher has a sex tape out in the wild that was with his ex wife and companies are shopping for it lol 
Come on d < PROPFEMALE > make all three 
AT&T is buying T mobile 
Bulls 2 games ahead of Boston .... doing work 
The Oxford English Dictionary has declared <3 Is officially a word . 
I can watch the Fifth Element a million times I love that movie .... Milla Jovavich is a goddess in it 
Has had 5 job interviews in the past month and still no fucking job .... fucking ass 
