Morning meeting then out to make that paper 

about to go car shopping with the woman ! Taking the Z3 fun fun 
Had a Hard time waking up . Hates how there is no sunlight in my room 
about to go discing if ya wanna join in the fun text the cell 614-746-8792 
Chillen over at < PROPFIRST>' house . 
ah i see to bad im still a baby 
Yeah < PROPMALE > !!! rollin like a big shot ! chevy tuned up like a nascar pitstop ! 
About to clean the all the shit out of my car and detail the mofo !!! 
Chillen like a villian about to go discin i think 
going out to work . 
Bored . Cleaning then Idk what ! 
Think you can cook ? I got a grabling hook . Lets make this quick cause im booked ! 
Sitting at home sick . Bored !!!!! 
Chillen out with The < PROPMALE > Effect . 
Watching the game . GO BUCKS !!!! 
Sooo effin tired Nighty Night Everyone !! 
So has anyone heard of this thing on the internets ( yeah meaning more than one ) called I-doser its pretty crazy . Take a look into it . 
Going to see my baby and get some foods ! 
Finishing up applications to jewlery places and then getting dress to support the Tigers !!!!! 
Worst called game in Central History !!!! And why the fuck were we running the damn ball with a < PROPFEMALE > on the clock ... 
Bored out of my mind . Going to see the girl tonight . 
Here we go Steelers !! Let's get another W . 
3-2-1 Blast off you bastards . Spaceship doors my garage is NASA 
so fucking bored i hate mondays !! 
Evebtful day to say the least . 
Event * my b 
Another sleepless night ! Ugh i hate not being able to sleep at all . 
Getting ready for the sleepy time what movie should i watch ? Im thinking Step Brothers . 
Playing X Box 
Can't Sleep watching X-men wolverine with the cousins . 
Bored going thru and listening to every Taking Back Sunday and From First to Last song i can find on my computer 
Bored as hell ! Once again . 
I hate not being loved by the person i love most . 
27 and counting Yankees are the shit and will always be the shit !! 
If it a broke dont break it ! 
Listening to Nirvana's Nevermind . Prolly the best cd ever ! 
Waiting at home for dad to get home from < PROPFEMALE > .. 
I don't know what to think anymore . :( 
Sitten at home bored ! 
Sitting at home . Then to pick up the father from work and go get my tags renewed and lisencse cause of the getting older day tomorrow 
huh i wonder ? how much does zombie brain vomit really burn ?? 
Pop Punk is dead and Hip hop is the way of the future . 
i love feeling like pacman eating little magical pills in a dark room that make you eat all the monsters 
Booked my flight to go down to < PROPFEMALE > Beach to make some BONES !!! Never been on an airplane let alone one for business ...... NIIIICE ? 
Sitting at the office on the beach !!!! Nice 
Making amazing money down here in < PROPFEMALE > Beach . And its only the first week . NIIIIICE 
Back at the hotel relaxing after a rough start to my day . Just keeping the head up and making more money !! 
Heading to the office to start the grind . Need one more job to get my bonus should be easy but I'm gonna expect a rough road . 
Back at the hotel . Im sick of this shitty weather here . Its hard to make more money when people feel poopy cause of all the damn snow . 
Sitting at the office about to start my work day . 
Yay , I just got two roofs bought onto number three ! two more and i get my fricken bonus ... Exciting !! 
Sitting at the office hoping the rain will hold off . 
GRRRRR ANGRY FACE > : Z tired of inmature fucking 30 year old that i work with . Their fucking up my grind and my money . Its all good tho their just upset that a 21 year old young gun is gonna kick their ass in sales . 
Rain Rain go away . 
god damn snow fuck you go away 
Canceling my plane ticket to Ohio . No need to go back yet . 
Yeah the sky is the limit and if you look up high you see that im gonna be in it . 
Back on the beach and in < PROPFIRST > bum 
Sleepy time 
Big day today :) Collecting two checks , Turning in one job , and Three inspections . Is you Rollin' ? 
Rise and shine and give me my money money 
Getting ready for an adjuster appointment . About to make mo Money woot . 
Playing Xbox at the office ? I love my job haha 
Put some water on the track , Fresh for all his frame Wear a helmet when you bang it man and guard yo brain Cuz the flow is spasmatic what they call insane That aint even a muthafuckin aim I get dough boy And you already know that pimpin 18 how I'm livin young'n show that Bentley Stunna my < PROPFEMALE > so you know that's in me < PROPFIRST > Sampson my mentor so don't go there wit me 
At the office . Then going out to work . 
At the Office , Bored as shit , and have nothing to do ! 
Crazy night ! No more going out with the boss he plays to hard for my taste lol 
Idk what to do anymore with you ! 
I give up . 
Time to get on my papa bear shit . And make a lot more pourage . Back in this bitch and a lot more < PROPMALE > . 
Picked up checks today from homeowners and making that money . Now its just time to chill :D 
Longest meeting ever but the morale is up in the office and everything is running smooth 
Working on all this paperwork that has been piled up and getting the boss organized ... he needs it . lol 
Had sooooo much fun at the beach at midnight running away from the waves ! Going again tonight . 
Busy busy day . I got three contract just today tho . I was on a hot streak !!! if i cap these out thats around 3 grand NIIIIICE 
Drinking a Corona with the boss at the office . I love my job . 
Slow day today . Hopefully i can get more shit started tomorrow 
I dont understand you . 
Stu ! STU ! I'm fucking a tiger . 
About to watch anchorman with my second favorite mexican < PROPFEMALE > 
Talking to the woman on BBM . Oh and if you have a blackberry my pin number is 30984c6c add me 
The sun is shining its a beautiful day on the beach .. 
Tell me how i successfully got an Architectural shingle bought in a wind storm when the shingle has a 130 mph wind rating .... To pro as a salesman 
Tomando Cervesa pendahoe !... 
Waiting at the office for the boss to get here to help me fill out a siding and gutter work order . Gonna make a good amount of this job :) 
Hey everyone it hailed in central ohio last night > If you saw it at your house please do me a favor and send me your street name and zip code . It would be a great help . 
I be that man on the < PROPFEMALE > I'm that man on the < PROPFEMALE > And imma do what I do so Do you hey hey I be posted with my blunt and a brew my dude I'm that man on the < PROPFEMALE > I'm up up on the < PROPFEMALE > 
Long ass drive back to the beach ... ill be coming home for good here soon to work NIIIICE 
Crush it up , little bit , roll it up , take a hit . Working out in Grove city today . Signing up more people to meet with their adjusters 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold I'll be fine once I get it , I'll be good . 
The game never changes ... But the players do 
Ready for the weekend 
Hanging out with Rakeen . Chillen i guess idk whats going on haha 
Can't wait to hit the sack . Long , long day . Relaxing now :) 
I tripping like Jesus in the desert when he fasted 
Tonight's your last < PROPMALE > to do exactly what you want to . And this could be my night . This is what makes me feel alive , makes you feel alive 
So i can leave for North < PROPFEMALE > anytime now but i dont know if i really want too ... Lots of money there but no one to talk to or stay here and make hardly shit and have all my friends ? 
Ok everyone I just had my first sweet freestyle with my boys Rakeen and < PROPMALE > on Wakkas beat that < PROPMALE > killed 
Good to see people can buy shit for their cars when they owe others money . Friends or stuff hmmm ? I know where my loyalty is . Do you ? 
Slowly starting to pack for NC . Im leaving Thursday so hit me up before i go so we can < PROPFEMALE > out and do whatever . 
Getting everything ready for the long drive tomorrow to NC .... 
All packed up and ready for my 7 hours drive tomorrow to NC to work for a few months ... 
Ugh its to early . Off to pitch a job at seven in the morning half asleep ... Wish me luck 
I've got so much to say , I know I've came so far . If you want to understand my swag , then you should just look up in the stars . 
Woot three inspections today . Time to agree on a price with prices with the homeowners and start building some jobs . Looking forward to my first check here . It should be Niiice ... 
Good work day . Time to get more rolling this week . Just wondering who my real friends really are . 
No work today . Its just to poopy of a day here in < PROPFEMALE > 
Working on the compuuuta today . Exactimate is friend not foe 
At the office doing some estimates . Looking forward to that $$$ . 
My cousin had a life changing four wheeler accident . Please keep him in your prayers and thoughts . 
Back in < PROPFEMALE > . Working in Manassas 
Going back to the spot to relax after a long ass day 
Just found my Gold Mine here in < PROPFEMALE > . Aluminum siding and 30 year roofs all smoked by 3\ hail ... STOKED " 
Had three inspections today and set up two more ! About to finish up my last one of the day and then go home . Can't wait to see the family this weekend . Pray for cousin < PROPMALE > for a full recovery 
FUCK DC traffic . This is ridiculous 
All-state better put a claim on it ! 
Awesome work day today signed two ppl and got both claim < PROPFIRST > . Two signed contracts a day keeps the wallet healthy 
Loves when people try to make a point by using facebook when they are mad at someone by removing them as a friend . LOL GROW UP 
go Celtics . 
Waiting at the Vienna Metro station for my door knocker . He's set me four more appointments in two days . :) 
Picking out siding type/color with homeowners today . then we start to build 
Hoodie Ninjas UNITE 
Sitting at the base of the lincon memorial getting ready for DCs fireworks 
Laughing on the inside feels so good 
Office , Knock-doors , go home , sleep , wake up and repeat ! 
Office , Phone calls , knock doors , workout , eat , and sleep . Routine of champions . 
You want sympathy ? Look ? in the dictionary between shit and syphilis ! That's where you will find my sympathy . 
Another job approved around 30000 dollars work of work for the company prolly 7000 for me 
Bored . I need a new xbox game any suggestions . RPG or shooter please 
Watching the siding crew finish up for tonight . Have to come back tomorrow to finish the gutters and deck . Prolly going home soon I'm beat 
Work is drianing me of all my enegry ... But i quit smoking yesterday the nicotine patches give you crazy sweet night terrors . 
Day three and no smoking even though im cheating with the patch the oral fixation part isnt all that hard to break . 
Can't Find my phone . Kinda need that for work . I'd lose my balls if they weren't attached . 
Counted my patches left and i have 7 . That means today was the first week i haven't smoked a single smoke in like i don't even know how long . Feel good and full of energy . A notable differance . :D 
Waiting on < PROPMALE > to hit the DC area . I gotta go buy some tarps now to use for some roofs . 500 dollars a tarp in my pocket 
Found three new inspections to do today . Big steep nasty mother effers 
Going to run an inspections with Nate here in Manassas . then to the store to get some BBQ must . 
I dont know what to think anymore . 
In the office playing with Gustavos youngest girl . Even she laughs at me when i dance . 
Just got my new drips x this thing is so nice 
Off to count up material and put on some gutter guards 
Home time . Building another job in the morning . 
Off to my build sight . 
Excited its that special time of the year finally 
Busy sunday night time 
Playing ncaa 11 
Inspection down , now to my first job of two today , after that into the office to do more paperwork , and last but not the least some < PROPMALE > labor s io can cap out a job 
Not to happy today . 
Just got another job for 28000 
Finish up on three jobs tomorrow . Then I collect checks . 
Out at classics . 
Going to Quacker Steak for unlimited wings 
Boring day ... Hope tomorrow goes better . 
Final Invoicing three jobs today . Making customer contact calls . Hopefully collect a check or two and cap out these jobs by the end of the week/beggining of next week . Should be an easy day today . 
Working on getting an answer from Gieko insurance company . Quite probable that they are the worst homeowners insurance company ever ever . 
Really sweet ... Not really 
October is cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has or had cancer . In memory of < PROPFEMALE > McComas ( love you grandma ) 
Signed another build contract today and should be recieving another via fax . Found two more customers today as well . Good day in the land of the contractor . 
< PROPMALE > is fresh off his suspension and one win under his belt . Great day . 
The people I've met , and the places I've bern makes me the man I proudly am . - Kid Cudi 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s ... Down on the farm . 
Just finished watching Zombieland . So glad the main character was from < PROPMALE > , OH . That made the movie < PROPFEMALE > much better . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday yesterday . Thank you so much !!! 
Here we go Steelers !!! You know what it is !! Black and yellow ! 
Glad to see the Ravens die along with all the other birds in the world right now . 
Loves going to the bearhouse at five a.m. 
Skrillex last night blew my mind . Best show by far . Good job < PROPMALE > 
Just slept from 9 last night til noon . I'm so ready for today to happen 
I don't know what to do or say to make you less mad at me . Sorry is all I've got right now . 
Bobs gor breakfast 
Bobs for breakfast 
Congrats to my baby sister and the squad for your OCC cheer win ! 
Mmm nothing like driving in the rain half blind and half awake . 
Ready to get home and clean out < PROPFEMALE > and maybe give her a bath . 
< PROPFEMALE > wars on spike ! Very nice 
First Night in Hawaii ! Walked the boardwalk . Met some of the locals . Learning to surf tomorrow . 
I sure do enjoy people watching . 
Listing to the waves crashing . Watching the local fisherman cast his lines . Missing my baby @ < PROPFEMALE > Cooper . 
