has had a wonderful week of Safaris and is off to the beach south of Mombasa tomorrow , thanks for all the birthday wishes , had a blast and saw lots of animals :) 

RIP < PROPFIRST > 
is about to begin her long journey back to Angola and then will be packing for her long journey to Tampa :) 
had a great time for the 4th of July :) 
is getting herself organized :) 
is enjoying St. < PROPMALE > with her family and friends :) 
is excited to go to Jacksonville tomorrow 
is heading to the beach for a few hours :) 
is getting packed for her trip to Portugal , then back to Luanda :) 
is heading to Lisbon today and Angola tomorrow night :) 
has arrived back to Angola , rather smoothly as well :) 
can not believe tomorrow is the first day of school ! 
has had a wonderful weekend :) 
wishes Friday would come early this week , feeling a bit distracted and unfocused , which i think could be cured by a nice weekend :) 
has had a fantastic weekend and it's not even over yet :) 
is very happy to have an extra day off this week :) 
had another full weekend , so many parties I still could not check out the new club , life is so difficult :) 
is getting ready for another party :) I gotta feelin ' ..... that tonight's gonna be a good night !! 
is very tired today :/ 
is ready to go home in a week in a half :) see ya'll soon 
had another fantastic weekend , but possibly a few too many drinks ;) 
one down , 4 to go , then i am headin ' home =) 
is leaving for home this time tomorrow :) 
is in joburg , 2 more flights tomorrow and i will be home :) 
has made it home :) my number here is 813-850-2124 
is excited to celebrate < PROPFEMALE>'s 5th birthday with her :) 
enjoyed the < PROPFEMALE > Tea Party for < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday :) 
is back in Angola !!! Miss you guys back home ! 
is definitely feeling the effects of jet lag today :/ 
is very annoyed about the internet this weekend !! 
less than 4 weeks until holiday :) 
has been feeling slightly disoriented the past few days : , 
had a great Friday night ! 
has finally finished reports !!! 
is having a very lazy day :) 
had a good night at the staff party :) 
It's the last day of school !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) :) :) 
Is packing for cape town !! Don't like packing but I am ready to go :) 
is exhausted , but had a great first day in cape town ! My cell here for anyone around is 079-227-1551 , for my fam , if you need to call me then dial first 27 then 792271551 . :) 
wishes she could stay in bed and read on this rainy day 
have only worked one day and it is already Wednesday :) 
I love weeks with two Fridays :) No school Thursday , so Wednesday is like an extra Friday ! 
Friday !! :) 
The weekend is quickly coming to an end , but it was very nice :) 
Monday , and we have to work all 5 days this week :/ 
feels like tomorrow should be Sunday , after going out last night . 3 days , 3 days :) 
I want one more day this weekend !! When is our next 3 day weekend ? :/ 
Monday , and I still feel like sleeping in til noon . 
OK , my energy is finally starting to return :) I do think we should have permanant 4 day weeks and 3 day weekends , should we really work more days than we play ?? 
What a great weekend :) 
2 more mondays working until the holiday with next monday off :) 
FRIDAY !!!!! 
Another great weekend ! 
is ready for the holdiays and we still have 2 weeks left !! 
8 real work days until Mozambique :) 
one week from today is the last day of teaching :) 
5 
3 days of work and 5 til I fly to Mozambique !!!! :) 
2 days from now I will be in Mozambique !!!!! Woo Hoo :) 
is feeling very impatient for tomorrow to be here , how can I pass the time . . . 
is leaving for the airport in less than 3 hours !!!! :D 
Is loving Mozambique , just saw two whale sharks and two manta rays !!! Love it :) 
is not ready to return to reality just yet , wish I had another week :/ 
has had a very lazy day and may just be ready to return to school tomorrow :) 
survived the first week back to school , 8 to go :) 
Happy Earth Day ! 
would like to welcome her new niece Jordyn < PROPFEMALE > to the world :) 
Can not believe it is already May , wow ! 
realized today that there are only 25 more work days until school is out !! I love summer :) 
23 !!! 
Tomorrow's FRIDAY :D 
Is so not happy that I am awake at 5:45 am , this is not right !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is having a fantastic weekend :) 
17 1/2 work days :D 
16 1/2 
11 1/2 days of work , and one is a sports day !! 
Malaria is no fun at all !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
8 days of work !!!!!!! 2 weeks and I am home :) 
Friday , then 4 more days !!! 
so ready for Friday , 4 days then 2 months off !!!!!!!!!!!! 
3 days of work !! Can't go fast enough :) 
2 days , one after today which is pool party and movie day !!!!!!!!!!! 
last day of schoot tomorrow , think I may be a bit < PROPMALE > over !! Oh well , on my way home in 2 days !!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
flying tomorrow !! 
needs to pack , but having trouble getting motivated :/ 
is in Portugal , getting ready for an all nighter !! Then heading to the airport to come home , see ya'll soon :) 
missed my flight , apparently staying up all night was not the best idea . Missed check-in by 5 freakin ' minutes . Had a great night though !! Don't worry , I will be there tomorrow night ;) 
is home :) 
Thanks all for my birthday wishes !! If you are around Tampa , having a little party at my mom's to celebrate !! My new cell number here is 813-514-7909 , though the coverage at my mom's is not the best . Peace ya'll! :) 
had a great birthday party , even though I had jet lag ! Thanks everyone for coming :) 
Go USA , next round :) 
can't believe I have this much energy with 2 hours sleep after a night out . Oh well , I'll take it :) 
had a wonderful day at adventure island with my niece :) 
is tired 
Happy 4th of July , hope everyone has a blast !! 
had a wonderful 4th with old friends :) Good times , good times ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > !! 
On my way to my grandmother's house for the weekend , will probably be out of touch until I come back :) 
less than a week til Colombia !!!! 
Go Spain ! 
has made it to Colombia , a little late , but here !!!! :) 
recovering from my first big night out in Colombia , celebrating las fiestas de Sogamoso , had a blast and remember most of it ;) 
Is back in Bogota , ready for part 2 of the Colombia trip :) 
won a few bucks at poker , but had to take a few shots losing at shithead , good balance right ? 
big night out last night , went to bed after the sun came up and gonna do it again tonight !! My last night in Colombia , will be in Miami tomorrow night , then back to Tampa Monday . 
Had a blast in Colomnbia . Living there could be my future . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > , for everything !!! 
Is so not ready to go back to Angola , been enjoying my friends way too much !! 
tomorrow is my last weekend night here , who is down for going out ? Any suggestions for where to go ? I was thinking Ybor :) 
Had a wonderful day 4-wheeling with my nephew , < PROPMALE > , was covered head to toe in mud by the end and loving it ! Getting ready to go out tonight , anyone who wants to join , we will be at the LA Hangout :) 
on her way back to Angola :( .. 
So , I managed to catch my flight to Lisbon after being delayed leaving Tampa . Had to run and barely made it , they closed the doors right behind me . My luggage unfortunately is still in Philly :( But at least I won't get stuck in Dubai this time with a seat on a cargo plane :) Spent my day today at the spa , got a massage and took a 4 hour nap in the lobby !! 
has made it back to Angola ! 
is exhausted and has a ton of work left to do !! :( 
has had a much needed lazy day in pajamas :) 
is definitely back in Angola , kids started today , spent almost $200 on 4 bags of groceries and is exhausted from the first day back playing soccer :) 
Tomorrow is Friday :) 
I know I shouldn't be so excited for Friday the first week of school , but dang it , it's Friday !!!!!!!! :) 
is trying out her greenish thumb in Angola :) Wish me luck ! 
is getting excited to go to the R . < PROPFIRST > concert this weekend in Angola :) 
Is getting ready for the R . < PROPFIRST > concert tonight , this should be interesting :) 
Off to Uganda one week from tomorrow , look out gorillas :) 
TGIF !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Off to Uganda tomorrow !!!!! 
Is having a blast in Uganda !! 
is aching , sore and has a few minor wounds from trekking the Gorillas , but it was SOOOOOO worth it !!! It was amazing seeing these wonderful creatures in their natural habitat :D 
only 7 short weeks til Christmas holidays , with 2 bank holidays in those weeks , life is good :D 
so excited ! last day of school tomorrow before a 4 day weekend !! :D 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone , wish I was able to celebrate :) 
9 more work days til holidays !!! :) 
great day hanging by the pool with some nice cocktails :D 
7 more days of work , woo hoo !! nearly there !!! :D 
4 days and I am on my way home :) Ready or not , here I come ! 
2 more days !! :D 
1 more day !!! 
LAST DAY , LAST DAY !!!!!!!! 
In Atlanta , waiting on flight to Tampa !! I totally forgot my phone , so email me your < PROPFIRST > if you want me to call :) ( turns out going out the night before a flight still doesn't work for me , think I will learn my lesson ?? NOOOO :)) 
Jetlags a bitch , fell asleep just after 6 pm , woke up about an hour ago , 2:30 am ! To bad I dont know which friends are out right now :( And with no phone , can't call anyways :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
Happy New Years !! Will be away camping til after , so I gotta say it early !! Make sure to bring in 2011 with a bang !! 
in Joburg , a few hours from my flight back to Angola . Not sure that I am ready to return to reality :/ 
so annoyed , 4am and wide awake !! I HATE jetlag !! 
Yeps , got Malaria again :/ But am feeling much better now , dont worry :) 
Halfway to friday and rhena's bday weekend at the beach :D 
