keeping focus and spreading knowledge 

Goin to IA to get A = certification to work on computers . Applied for ivtech today . Wish me luck for a wealthy and prosperous future ! Luv yall , < PROPFIRST > 
Just because I haven't been around doesn't mean you're not on my mind all the time . Im sure u could say the same well i hope ! I love my family So Dont worry when i get this edu I'll break everybody off when that cash flow rolls in but to get to that point i have to focus on me . I love my family and wish i could be around more often . If u want my # write in my messages you do . love you , < PROPFIRST > 
Anybody need good tatoos for cheap ? All lagit $30 < PROPFEMALE > and you can check out his < PROPMALE > on myspace under my tops look for tat2 clown 
Getting a tattoo on my chest for my father that has a scull in the middle of my breasts and two shot guns with his dates in the handle it says daddies little girl on top its almost finished then im gettin aunt treys < PROPFEMALE > yeah !! ne one need sometatts let mekno good quality 
Gettin moneys 
be back on later g2g take my final exam 
did well on final exam and i go to court tomarrow hope everything goes well . 
check out the tea pot store on the circle youll be supprised . There herbal brain tea is amazing !!! 
I hope to c my family today happy fourth as u all kno i got a new place off < PROPFEMALE > and keystone so drop by and if u know ne one gettin rid of a dresser and intables let me know 
went o angiesand now am chillin with the day family . Anyone needs a piercing ask me 10 < PROPMALE > 
How does this create list thing work ? 
If you were to start your own buisness what would it be ? Ide like to open my own hair salon that does tats and piercings . What do u think can it be done ? 
Introducing Clean sweep ! You can get your home and computer cleaned at an affordable price . We work on a sliding scale and have several working packages to fit your budget , call us 2day , we will send our professionals out to your home to not only clean your house but work on your computer giving your life style a clean sweap 24 hrs a day 
Got my new place and excited to get my new dressers tonight thanx uncle Jimbo !! 
Probably going to the mad hatters open mic tonight . Free admission at bookmamas n irvington . Have a great weekend all !! 
I woke up one day and realised I wasnt living my life to its full potential and I thought for the rest of my life I will NOT Down play myself because Im worth more than A million ! 
Tuesday , Pay Day !... Or not ! They forgot to pay me this week uhg ! I might have to wait to get paid next week . Hows everyones week so far ? 
Thanx to everyone who replied today or yesterday . i will get back to you but as for now Im goin out on a technological quest ! Love yuhz , Ray 
Sorry for anyone who got the multi message deal but dont send me rude comments just like your lifes < PROPFEMALE > much more lavishing than mine ! Life has its ups and downs and its sad facebook is on the top priorities of my people ! I should send yall another one ! If you dont like me delete me . Hello ! 
Hello my facebook friends I hope everyone has a great weekend and ill be seeing some of you . Hopefully by nxt wknd ill have a phone turned on . Yes im with a man and ive never been happier . love yuhz , < PROPFIRST > 
Just on here for a sec . i might not be on here to much this week so hit me up . I love my family !! 
< PROPFEMALE > catchings came in today who plays for the fever , she was inspirational and was scary muscular !! I need to work out !! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Im reading a new book ive been trying to for awhile and finally have the time sence im not out creating havoc its called Darkness visible by < PROPMALE > haven and < PROPMALE > buxton . A must read ! 
Hope to have a phone soon !! 
Goin home early from work 
\We come to God in bits 
\One thing that comes out in the myths is that at the bootemof the abyss comes the voice of salvation . The blackmoment is the moment when the real message of transformation is going to come . At the darkest moment comes the light . \ " \ 
“My most sublime < PROPFEMALE > is that every human being should put as much attention as they can into knowledge of plants because they are the greatest healers of all ... A shaman has in his mind and heart the attitude of conserving Nature because he knows that life is for enjoying this world’s countless delights . ”\ 
< PROPMALE > Amaringo 
The Shamans wisdom is not thin like water but thin like blood . Close your eyes and embrace all that is living around and through you . I hope everyone had a drama free relaxing weekend ! 
The Shamans wisdom is not thin like water but thick like blood . Close your eyes and embrace all that is living around and through you . I hope everyone had a drama free relaxing weekend ! 
I take my A+ Certification test on friday ! Wish me luck ! 
Need a roomate anybody interested let me know ! 
need a roomate rent only $240 let me know !! 
need a roomate ? $200 a month and if you know of anyone hiring let me kno i need a second job ! 
my hair is blounde woo hoo but i still need a roomate ! come check out the apartment 
awe u where such a cute little baby what happened ? 
Feelin ' sick today :( :: Must study :: 
Dude ! Why am I sick ??!! Its the middle of friggin summer 
I miss those good old days . Ill be 23 in November who wouldve thought Ide even live this long ! < PROPFEMALE > and here I am talkin like Im old ! I miss and love you all Bowlings , Dyers and some Reeces who have all been apart of those loving memories . Ill never forget the times ... 
\Often we find atheism both in individual and society a necessary passage to deeper religious and spiritual truth : One has sometimes to deny God in order to find Him . \ " \ 
If any one needs a house pet or babysitter Im up for grabs :) 
An angel came to me today and showed me everything is going to be alright . Thank you 
n e one want any Jordans size 6 and 6 1/2 10 < PROPMALE > barley used hit me up on face book 
expand your mind people !! 
As we press upon one another with our intentions , From our hearts fly luminous butterflies , That intermingle and crossover to be absorbed . In abeyance our hearts await . 
Home alone what a night ! 
Help a chik out with the laundry . Will ne body let me come over to do some . You know I'm broke . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > love yahz , < PROPFIRST > 
I filled out the app for Well Point let me know the news < PROPFEMALE > and thanx for the lead ! 
Theres a time and a place for everything right ? Takein things one step at a time . Its times like these I know someones watchin over me . :) 
Feelin a little under the weather today . Stressed and theres so much to do with so little time . 
Things should be lookin up soon I have orientation monday ! Pray for me wish me luck . I love my family ! 
Things should be lookin up I have aorientation Monday . I hope to get the job ! 
Livin life by the minute ! Who wants to come ? 
hey if anyone needs a job theres a building off washington and park building 603 3rd floor tell the security guard your looking to apply at citizens action coalition and wahla youll get hired on the spot ! 
hey if anyone needs a job theres a building off washington and park building 603 3rd floor tell the security guard your looking to apply at citizens action coalition and wahla youll get hired on the spot use me as a referance . :) 
Bored someone save me !! 
Chillin at the house haven a good time Ill have you know ! Nosey 
I start work October 11th at a pretty decent paying company thanx < PROPFEMALE > for the heads up . Hope every one hide an exciting weekend I did ! 
What goes ariound comes around ! I sure hope to get mine sooner than later . 
LISTENING TO MUSIC SAVES SOULS SO SOUND CLICK SOON !! 
Listen to Astroid < PROPMALE > on myspace !! He kicks Ass ! 
Waiting to start this job been going through some background garbage so im still applying . Argh !! 
Job huntin and finishing paper work for another . I know im a lamo 
What are your Favorite things to discuss with people ? 
Do you think my boyfriends sexy 1-10 ? 
Ready to go home ! 
This Saturday should be a reuniun . < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > you all must come to the abode 
Just got home bored :( 
u GUYS ARE gAY .... 
Just Another Day . I wish I had a keyboard I need to sooth my soul 
I so badly want a keyboard for my Bday but i dont have enough moneys . :( 
changed my hair again ill be posten new pics soon . Im workin at blondies cookies now mmhhhmmm ... 
Itd be nice if someone thought of me on my bithday this year considering Im gettin old and depressed because of it ! 
If everyone gave me a dollar I'de be that much closer to buying that keyboard for my birthday . :: cheeses :: I love facebook 
PRAISE THE LORD !! 
Golly its me you guyees ! U Wanted A pic now you got it :) I'm at home bored as a that guy surrounded by nunz !! entertaining myself . 
tryin to keep my headup . These days are hard for me . Need like three jobs . 
Just got off and already stressed ! 
I love my life !! 
My baby's so awesome I woke up to class of nukem high . TROMA RULES 
I met a really groovy chik last week on the bus .. She used to be a lessy and andnow shes with a guy we had a conversation and we both been hurt by women to much . It really doesnt matter weather your with a male or a female its just how that one person makes you feel i guess . 
I had a fantastic night with an old friend hope they feel the same . Went to work today bus broke down but met more groovy cats ... 
< PROPMALE > and me have time alone YES !! 
Going to work blondies cookies at keystone at the crossing woo hoo im the cookie < PROPFEMALE > ! THE PASTRYQUIST !! mmmwahahahaAny one going to hallowicked I need a ride ! 
Its Party time !! 
Goin to Wessleys < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ha ha ha ! 
Good Morning Facebook . Happy Halloween 
Tonight we sIiIiIINg !! 
Taake a Picture it lasts longer 
I hope this lasts forever .... 
Headachessux 
Shamans know about energy and how it works both is the environment and in thehuman body . They recognize the inherent power in all the nature 
halloween I was a hermaphrodite in a corsette ! funny funny 
Nov . 4 , 2010Today \ 
When your heart is gently touched , it feels loving , generous , and supportive of everyone , Scorpio . If your heart is lonely , it feels deserted by everyone . It would be impossible to try to make sense of why things need to be so extreme for you , but the fact of the matter is that you don't need to figure it out rationally . You only need to accept that this is how you feel 
Im trying to find my inner power through energy practices . Ide like to go to peru and go to a shaman retreat . Ive beeen writing more music latly so if anyones interested in jammin out let me know and dont forget to check out my mans myspace astroid < PROPMALE > he makes kick ass music . 
About to go to work at keytone at the crossing come bye some cookies at blondies cookies I work there next to the way over priced store called Sacks . Great name you < PROPMALE > losers . I saw pants in saks for $995 < PROPMALE > and a scarf for $60 WTF is wrong with you peop ; le thats not class thats stupidity give back to school education you < PROPFIRST > ass's! This makes me question the intellagence of people with collage educations .. 
Being ignored by < PROPMALE > : Sad Face :: 
Scar Tissue 
I need to find my power land . Adventure time ! 
I want to go to a retreat sometime in the near future to be initiated . I want to be a shaman healer . Shamans no whats up . My whole life perspective is different < PROPMALE > haven you changed my life . Im working on a new book now called the secrets of shamanism . Kick ass ! 
Jammin out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
Pissed off at your non snececle babble . Screw you Im going to work so you can think of more ways to offend me . 
My Day of Birth is tomarrow wooohoo I work from 830 to 4 then I get to cash my check !! 
Hey yall my new # is 3174920823 nhit me up i have no plans . Just another day 
Off work today back to work tomarrow at 5 . Turkey day is comeing what is everyone dooin ? 
Playing middle kingdom at < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s house !!!! 
Why Do I Deserve To Live Like This I Wish My Dad Was Here 
If we are not the same as we were in the past that must make who we were in the past a completely different person . So why do we so often look to the past to find ourselves ? Is that person we remember truely who we are or who we were ? I believe were looking at a different person with the same soul no longer numerical to who we are now . What do you think ? I do believe this is an interesting look into the past . 
< PROPFIRST > Reece Lives Through Me U Ever Seen Terminater Ppl Who Kno Us Both Will Find This Ironic 
There Aint No Rest For The Wicked 
Ide Like To Go To The < PROPMALE > Horror Show Tonight I Get Off Work At Ten 
To many dicks on the dance floor ... 
< PROPFEMALE > x-mas too all my friends and family including those in fla and texas oh and in the pin . I'm sorry for those I couldn't get things for I did my best . I hope everyone has a lovely holiday . Love always . 
Do what ur heart tells u 2 , don't forget 2 listen 2 ur brain , ur souls the most important part , do 1 thing that scares u every day , u live ur life like ur last don't ever let it bring u down 
Havin ' the BEST time of my life ! Thank you baby for all that you do . :) 
You are what makes Life worth Living .. 
You are what makes life worth living and the mistakes worth going through .. 
Universal message of the week : \At least one foot on the ground is key to manifesting your dreams . \"" 
I love cheese 
If it aint broke dont break it and if he aint shook Im gonna shake em . Yeah , I hope I dont look weak cause when the wolf cries wolf you can still see the wolves teeth M*tha F*cka**beep-beep ** U can not reach me on my samsung , Im to busy F*ckin the world and giving the universe my damn tongue . Yeah ... Thank my sis for givin me this Ipod :: chuckles :: 
At home with Caig F*cking Christ 
Breezin through life .. 
Ide like to go home 
Its nice to say , I'm ok , I'm still living , and I love it ! 
Cant wait to start traveling , I hate staying still in life . Someone give me a glass of < PROPFEMALE > plz 
About to enter the cold outdoors once again , not even a blizzard can stop me ! Talk about a survivalist ? Ask me about something Ive been through . Im a flippin survivor ! 
ooo baby I love your way everyday , i want to tell you I love your way I want to be with you night and day . Three birds wispered to me that everything is gonna be alright . :: Bob marley :: 
My soul was meant for you . How much you got ? 
Welcome to the new dark ages , I hope your living right because the world might very well end tonight ! 
Its Friday night !! Im out with my lover ... The freaks come out at night ... 
Now thats classy .. :P 
FTW 
Sunday !? :( Blah ha ha ha ha 
Anyone want to go Job huntin with me today ? 
Dont wanna be anything when my lifes an open book , A dream its true but , Ide see it through , If I could be ... If I could be wastin my time with you .. 
your a homo bookface 
Dang its cold ... SOoo .. Lets build a snow man we can make him our best friend , we can build him tall or we can build him not so tall .. snow man 
Just got off the phone with my family . I love you . Yall always make me feel special . :) 
Im in trouble Im an addict Im addicted to this guy hes got my heart tied up in nots and my stomach in a whirl ... 
Is this the real life is this just fantasy ? caught in a land slide , escape from reality . Open your eyes , look up to the skys and seeeeee .... 
There needs to be a FU-Q button for those who dont comment on your status ! No really . Ive never been addicted to such a monstrausity and you people are the ones who did it to me where are the comments people ? :: points fingers :: Bi polar moment still love you all . :: under breathe muffles :: 
ladat data ladat data DA 
SOooo Lets build a snow man .. 
One more status for all uz mindless beings out there:Don't feel guilty if you don't know what you want to do with your life . The most interest people I know didnt know at TWENTY-TWO what they wanted to do with thier lives ; Some of the most interesting FOURTY YEAR OLDS I know still don't . my name is < PROPFEMALE > Dyer .. Getting the F*ge out of here ;D 
Long hard day of rockin .. gonna slip off my shoes streETch and do a little bend tip my toes to the jakoozy babay 
I cant wait to c the best lover in the universe when I get home ! Love you sexy . mmmwwwah ! :: happier than I've ever been or new possible :: ;P 
I hate being sik this sux !! 
Still sick I watched dead alive 3 times 
I'm so sick I hate it ! Atleast my sexy man beast is taken care of me :p when I feel better I think I've got some insperation for some new songs just want to sleep now ,,, 
Starting Feb 2nd its open mic night every Tuesday at lizards !! Come support ur local Indy bands ! 
Hellooo people of facebook u r the scum beneath my toes stop reading this message or ur butt will b plagues with a thousand fleas thank u facebook fiends yes u I kno ur reading this like ur life doesn't revolve around getting in other peoples buisness senserrlly urs < PROPFEMALE > dyer 
I had an epic dream of the end of the world last night ,.. :: shruggs shoulders :: just sayin 
Lazy sunday 
Doin it and doin it well ... :P 
If you need to study math go to purplemath.com good site to brush up . Im studyin for my math test at ivtech . Passed english with flyin colors a few points off on math wish me luck !! 
Goin to be going home soon to get ready for orientation . Woo Hooo Loads of fun !! I hope all is well in the virtual book world . 
Look a bug ... Ha Like taken < PROPFEMALE > from a baby 
Open up 
What ever happened to the telephone , this is what peoplel call communication ? 
First day at the new place of work ,., y did a lady ask me if I was a lesbian ? I've got hurt feelings ,.. 
I Love u in the morning and in the afternoon , I love u in the evening and under neath the < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I love you 
I want the world and I'll have it ! ;P 
Sometimes I feel the need to delete people with annoying facebook status's ... 
Who doesn't long for that so called other who's presence relaxs you into yourself who allows you to stop searching and come home to your multiple selves 
This is how we dooo it 
Taking my defensive driving test . Woopeeeeee 
He says he feels the fullness of eternity as scattered as the glistening stars . Changing our lives by the moment the downtown stench has since become familiar . Night after long felt night I held these words spoken close and still deep in my heart . Take me to a hole in this sinful soil and Ill fill it with laghter on such a ironic day . 
Passed my driving test now time to study for iv tech so I can start in June . Goin to work today . cant wait to be with the greatest man in the world . I love you baby 
Ask yourself what you want people to say about you after you're gone . Get back on track to a fulfilled life by taking steps toward your desires . 
I hate not having < PROPFEMALE > .... 
This is how we do it ... 
I love my baby mmmwah 
STREEEEEETCH !!!! 
Wierd dream last night . I was in my old neighborhood chillin with old friend and my little brother < PROPFIRST > . I had left town and came back which is rather usual for me . Party at Drews but it was goin to slow so i desided to take a walk 
Craziness all in your face !! woopsh * 
Romantic partnerships should uplift and support your dreams , they shouldnt be something you make personal sacrifices for just to maintain . 
Put this is your Bowl and Smoke it 
Well I just noticed that everything I say to anybody is posted on everybodies wall . This is sick !! I have to change that setting if I can 
Ur shoes untied * wak * hahahahaha 
You never really know what you've got till its gone 
< PROPFEMALE > the ones you love give someone a hug today . 
Man Ive got too much energy 
NOOOoooooooo 
I keep tryin to change my name on here to prevent my actual name bein on here but I cant I might delete my profile soon . Just sayin ... 
What's next ? 
Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind and fills it with a steady and perpetual serinity 
I know most of you wont believe this ... But .. You better believe it ... I woke up to a ghost this morning !! No .. really 
Goin to pick up < PROPMALE > from work I wonder what the night has in store us ? 
Damn facebook 
Im starting a timeline can someone tell me what happened in 1988 ? 
can anyone tell me what happened in 1989 ? 
What were you doing in 1999 ? 
This is creepy stalker space I mean who do u know that doesn't have a facebook 
I will be comitting facebook suicide ' recommend we all do this . I feel sucked in everyday by this addicting site no longer will I be on the map . Have a great facebook life 
Damn facebook why did I get suckered in to this ? Social conformity bastards ! I will be deleteing this profile soon so if anyone wants to get real and enjoy Life . You should too . Get ahold of me so we can write letters and send them to each other if your lazy use your cellulart devices and call . Stop by and what not . 
