Im gonna give facebook a try . 

ha ha thank you to everyone who has accepted me today !!! 
I need new photos . Someone take pics of/with/for me 
Newish pics . Still need new ones 
New pics hah comments greatly appreciated 
Emptiness brought on by my own actions . no regrets , just learn from it . no longer unemployed no longer dating 
So cling to what you know and never let go . You should know , things aren't always what they seem . 
Fun ass night . Groggy as shit though . Lake < PROPMALE > today ! 
Chillen in the dorms watchin the tube ..... At least the rain stopped . 
Chillen in the dorm . Whatsuppp 
Pretty legit night last night . Rostafarian music fest today ! 
I miss my vehicles .... :/ 
Show me the answers ive been looking for , where did they come from ? Nothing seems real anymore . I am no stranger to all this bullshit . 
I I I dont giva DAMN !!!!!! 
And it was her voice i longed to hear . Hold so close so near . The only one i wanted to see . She would be the one to bring me to my knees 
Some new shit up . Back in the whee !! 
Crazy weekend . Cant wait for halloWHEEn !!! haha 
Crazy ass night . Party hardy in the Whee !!! hahahaha\ 
Bitches learned dont FUX wit us too 
At last you will not stand to me . I am bringer of Misery . Demoralizer of sanity . 
New south park ! watch it 
Its friday son ! \ 
Lets party and party and par and par and party !!! 
Fuck Shit Up bitchesssss !!!!! 
Not a thing goin on 
Too much lonliness . Sadness is the new happiness . No longer living but longing to live . Isolation leads to devastation . It takes one to dig a hole but another to fill it . Only then does everything become worth something . Where are you ? 
One hectic week . Last night was de shiiit 
Did notttt snow enough last night !! 
Chillen at the crib . Alittle too much last night hahahaha . 
Black ops bitches get on it 
Lets get fucked uppp !!!! Alcohol my only friendd !! 
Feb 12th Whitechapel , Acacia Strain , < PROPFEMALE > Grin , I Declare War . At < PROPMALE > be there bitches 
