and now I have to work .. 

What's worse ? Drunk adults or drunk teenie boppers ? 
Oh Chelan ! You pulled me back again you tricky bitch ! 
Can't wait for ' Arry Pottah ! 
It's < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday today ! 
doesn't have to work today !! 
wants to run away to < PROPFEMALE > . 
hiking today ! Woo hoo ! 
conquered that 2000 ft . elevation ! woo ! 
wishes her parents ( primarily her mother ) would realize how much harder they are making it for everyone else ( primarily myself ) by refusing any type of communication with each other . Kids are not meant to be middle men !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is hyped on the future . hahaa 
is going job hunting today ! 
dislikes her manager very much , but will use that as motivation to get a better job , get out on her own and move on with her life ! Suck on that man . 
Oh , and now I'm sleeping because my < PROPMALE > manager scheduled a 6am meeting and I had to wake up at five . Ridiculous ! 
is done with quizzes now . 
loveessss her new laptop ! :D 
Oh and District 9 was great ! hahaa 
LOVES her plans for tonight ( 90's dance party ) and LOVESS her outfit for it ! Like totally ! hahaa 
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeedsssssss !! 
just got the most perfect dress ! Hyyyyped 
wants to level up ! grrrrrrrrrr 
leveled up aaaaand has an interview Monday ! heeeeyyyyy !!! 
can't decide if she wants to go to bed or watch another episode of Lost . 
fuck it , I'm watching Lost . hahahahaha 
watching Lost may have been a mistake . I bawled my eyes out half the time and the other half blew my mind so hard I want to watch another . R.I.P. Chaarlie , you were my favorite . Man , I suck . hahahaha 
I finally got my scanner working ! New pictures ! 
< PROPFEMALE > sad I have to wait for season five . Lost what are you doing to my brain ?! 
can't .... stop .... eating ... almonds ? 
Dentist this morning ! booooo 
has had a good week and is excited for a relaxing day tomorrow . 
* weekend , haha Maltby pictures up ! \GHOST HUNTAAS ! \"" 
gaaahhhhhhhh homework . My brain won't focus ! 
is NOT becoming a fan of dancing with the stars . 
has become a fan of The Wackness . 
bitch , I'm broke . 
gets to see Wicked tomorrow ! woo hooo !!! 
needs to start working out again . 
just applied at this bomb cafe , interviewed on the spot and I'm pretty sure I just rocked it . yesssssssssssssssssssssss !!!!!! 
is off to see Wicked ! :D 
had one of the best days she has had in a while . :) 
DO NOT QUESTION SENOR < PROPFIRST > ! DO NOT ! haha Community is pretty good so far . 
is making cookies ! 
my freshbaked cookies bring all the boys the the yard , and they're like , it's better than yours . Damn right , it's better than yours I could teach you , but I'd have to charge . 
loooooooovesssss GLEE 
is kickin ' it with her best in Bellingham toniiiiiight . 
misses < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > already ! Can't waitfor next weeeeknddd . 
got ' er ska on with tonight , haha . Excited for all day study sesh with < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! 
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep 
is gettin ' down on some homework today . 
is dying and hates being so siiiiiiiick . 
hates her life at the moment . fuck the siiiiiick !!!!!! :( 
is feeling much better . Keeping busy with homework . 
wants to play < PROPFIRST > Hawk . 
space wars ! 
Omg , the day has finally come . New Backstreet Boys album in stores now . 
is hyped on Zombieland . 
for your health ! 
wants company . 
wants soup . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > , Please stop bitching about your job . I would kill to be in your shoes working for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , thanks . Love your leather , < PROPFEMALE > 
homework overload . Sweet dreams world ! 
I just knocked about 50% of the homework load out ! wooo Time to watch some Weeds . :D 
< PROPMALE > might be my dream boy , hahaa . Seriously . 
is having a hard time concentrating on chemistry . ugghhh 
Saw Whip It tonight . Only made me more sure that I'm destined to be a derby < PROPFEMALE > . Seriously , where's the underage roller derby happening ? 
insomniaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
is seriously obsessed with 30 rock . 
is really excited for her day today ! car fixing , job hunting , haunted house going and hanging out with < PROPMALE > ? lovesss ittt . 
watching Seven Wonders of the World on History . :) 
omgomgogmogmgomgmomgomg Rodriguez is making Machete !!!!! 
day ' ook iz jahhb ! 
is soooo excited for the day . Job interview soon , pre-Halloween party later , and Halloweeeeeeeeeeen tomorrow !! 
has decided the best sleep remedy is a slice of pizza and another episode of The Office . woo hoo for job interview tomorrow !!! 
You can feel jedi if you have a braid . 
has a job again !! woooooooo hhooooooo !!!!!!!!! 
is brunette again ! 
is going to the library to work on the homework she's been ignoring for a week . ( spellcheck ! haha ) 
is loving the Clash of the Gods marathon on History . woo hoo for Fourth Kind today with < PROPFIRST > ! 
The funky fresh is back in the flesh with avengence homes ! 
Great day ! Work went well , I cleaned my room , Tay come over and Cam found my ring ! :D Now for more texting and Lost watching , goodbye world . 
just found out she's working 18 hours this weekend and is hyped ! :D 
is laying in bed for the first time since 7am and is very happy about it ! :) Now Lost and sleep to get myself ready for another long day tomorrow . 
What a day , what a day .. 
ahhhh !!! I spilled water on my phone a couple days ago .. Now it won't turn on . Start sending me your < PROPFIRST > people !! Hopefully I'll have a new phone by friday .. 
Black Friday is over ! I don't have to worry about that dreadful day for a whole year . woohooo ! Now to go get my new phone , and work 3-midnight . blahh 
I fucking love this phone . haha 
can hardly wait for thurrsdayyy .. 
misses her maaaan . haha and loves having a great man to miss ! :) 
bomb night . I love my friends . work early tomorrow . and I need to floss . 
watching Lost . finishing the fifth season tonight ! 
Season five is finished ! Now I get to wait two months for season six .. haha this is going to suck . Day off tomorrow , woo ! 
Why is it so impossible for me to do homework ? I know I need to do it , it's all I've been thinking about for the past two days , I have my tea and my music and my laptop all set up and I keep finding ways to get around it . fml . grow up < PROPFEMALE > . 
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep 
is a creeper ... hahahhahahaa . and can hardly wait to get off work tomorrow night and not only arrive at < PROPMALE>'s to see five of the best friends a girl could ever have , but Mr. < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > as well . :D tomorrow night is going to be a great night . 
I want to be a modellll . haha I've successfully wasted two hours instead of watching the laramie project .. now I'm going to sleep to dream of pretty little things and ... seahorses ? 
annoyed .. 
Leesha is a gamerrrr !!!!!! 
waiting for < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > to arrive ! 
and I don't think you're beautiful , I think you're beyond it 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > at the Key Arena ? I wish ! 
once upon a time I was falling in love , now I'm only falling apart .. 
Muder City Devil's with < PROPMALE > and Leesha tongiht ! :D I'm excited , thank you Leesha !! 
finally home , so sore , so tired , almost got kicked out . Great fucking show . 
you know the answer so why do you ask , I am only being nice because I want someone , something , you're like a kitten with a ball of yarn , and it's doing me in , doing me in , doing me in , doing me in , doing me in .. 
Going to Bellingham today ! I can't wait to spend some quality time with my < PROPFEMALE > and Cammewammie , hahaha ( Mad and Cam , I tried more baby talk for the sake of a laugh , but I just couldn't bring myself to do it , Cammiewammie is where it ends :)) . Anyway , so excitedd ! I need to get out of this town ! 
bangs . 
I've been sitting in the same spot in my couch all day . ohwell , atleast I feel somewhat like a normal human being again .. bored though , watched all my netflix . :/ 
hot yoga is one of my new favorite things ! haha 
is giving herself a manicure and watching Breakfast at < PROPFEMALE>'s . 
Leesha is a tard , but I love her like no other , hahaha . Now < PROPFEMALE > and breakfast scrambles while watching Breakfast at < PROPFEMALE>'s again ! :D Real life starts tomorrow !! 
has an interview tomorrow !! wooo !! 
to call for hands of above to leean onn wouldn't be goood enough for < PROPFEMALE > , no .. 
I could watch true blood for days .. hot yoga tonight ! wooo 
right now I'm craving my favorite pizza , some blue < PROPFEMALE > and some kung fu . Just thought I would throw that out there . 
scratch that , I just want to get drunk with my best and have a dance party . haha that is all . 
ugh , I hate < PROPMALE > kids .. hahaha 
has decided that in a years time I will start courses to become a yoga instructor !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > - Beautiful and perfect in every way . haha loveessss itt !! 
HEY BEST FRIENDS !! I would like to take this time to point out that I can't wait to see < PROPMALE > of < PROPFIRST > , Animal Collective , Devotchka , Doves , TV on the Radio , Murder City Devils , Erykah Badu , Santigold , Mos Def , Sun Kil < PROPFEMALE > , Of Montreal , Airborne Toxic Event , < PROPFEMALE > Voce and < PROPFEMALE > Castles among many other great bands , AND laugh my ass off to < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > and ZACH GALIFIANAKIS over all three days at Sasquach !! 
is going to deep clean her room before yoga . Today is a day for healing and getting my life back in order . I'm excited . :) 
and the perfect way to top it off ? A little magic and the oc ! hahaa gooodnighttt . 
Attention < PROPFEMALE > Gang ! I scanned the pictures , they are on my myspace in their own album . Just thought you might like to know . For the rest of you , I have a few new great pictures ! haha 
came here with my < PROPMALE > in my hand , don't make me leave with my foot in yo ass , be cool . 
is getting wayy too anixous about pulling out the summer dresses . 
just applied at four places downtown and have two to visit in person tomorrow ! Seattle here I come ! haha 
foot you ! 
Where have all the cowboys gone ? 
kittens ! 
is enrolled at EvCC for the third and final time ! woohoooo ! 
Hot Yoga Inc . Facebook Fans Only - One day ONLY April 1 , 2010 buy 1 month for $88 ! Don't be FOOLED this is NO JOKE ! Also , Get Healthy , Get Fit our next 30 day challenge starts April 1 ! Don't miss out ! Copy and Paste the message in your status ! Forward to your friends- Let's get fit & joyful for our beautiful upcoming summer . 
loves her horoscope today , haha . 
I believe everything happens for a reason . people change so you can learn to let go , things go wrong so you can appreciate them when they're right , you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
can someone please tell me how < PROPMALE > cage keeps getting work ? seriously . 
Yoga time ! 
got lots of great beach glass today ! thanks < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
one new hair color , four new shirts and my rings are repaired at waiting for me , I'm liking this day already . 
trampoline jumpin ' time ! 
hmm .. green sparks shooting out of my blow dryer might not be a good thing . 
I'd rather live in my dreams . 
thinks it is the perfect day for a rainy day in . 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know , everything that shine ain't always gonna be gold . I'll be fine once I get it , I'll be goooood . 
awhooooooooooo !!!!!!! 
My abs are still sore from yoga two days ago . :( but on the bright side , look how gorgeous it is ! Today is going to be a gooood day . 
tell me what you know about dreams , dreams . Tell me what you know about night terrors , nothin ' . 
You're a sonofabitch , but I love you . 
today is the day ! I finally get to start working in my tan . :D 
Crazy catfight going on outside my window . :/ 
somehow every things gonna fall right into place , if we only had a way to make it all fall faster everyday . 
I think it might be time to finally fold the three loads of laundry on my bed .. This is the problem with a < PROPFEMALE > sized mattress , too much room than you know what to do with so you fill it up with laundry and let it sit for a week , haha . Ohwell , happy four twenty ! 
mm long day , sleepy time . 
INSTANT gratification . 
ATTN : < PROPFEMALE > GANG - get huuurrrrr . < PROPMALE > - you suck ! But I still love you . 
finally got my ihome ! :D happy early early birthday tooo < PROPFEMALE > ! 
haha , my breath literally smells like < PROPFEMALE > petals . :D 
can I tell you that you are the purple in me ? can I call you just to hear you , would you care ? when I saw you put your purple finger on me , there's a feeling in your bottle , found your bottle , found your heart , gives a feeling from your bottled little part . 
has anyone else ever noticed that when seen from higher ground , at night marsh road looks a lot like the banshee boardwalk track on < PROPFIRST > kart ? 
fishing with my pops today ! haha Who wants to see < PROPMALE > Wonka and the Chocolate Factory with me at SIFF on friday ? 
spent a perfect day with my dad , and got to see amazing views of this beautiful state today . :) loves it . 
it never ceases to amaze me that I can forget to get gas somewhere between my driveway and hwy 2 . I mean really , that's a two minute time frame , come on short term memory ! here's to hoping I don't run out of gas on the tressel , hahaa . 
well I never ran out of gas but the power is out at my house . Thank you storm ! 
Ugh , so bored with life . 
an hour of power yoga and now Repulsion by Polanski . happy cinco de mayo everyone ! 
at some point in the next four to seven months I will be seeing Machete . sooooo stoked . :D 
I'm really trying to stay my positive sweet self , but the older I get the more I can't help hating people . 
Catching up on my Lost ! :) 
come back . 
Wtf cop ? Pulling me over for a broken headlight , messin ' up my < PROPFIRST > singing and shyte . Isn't there a drunk driver or something you could be wasting your precious time on ? 
Only one more week until Folklife ! :) 
woke up at seven so I could be in bothell by eight , only to realize my appointment is next monday .. fml . 
Why am I being punished now for the things I didn't know then ? 
red wine , hummus and pita , the office and a little pup named < PROPMALE > . finally , a little peace after this crazy day ! 
I've got some issues that nobody can see , and all these emotions are pouring out of me . I bring them to the light for you , it's only right . this is the soundtrack to my life , the soundtrack to me life . 
F you Wells Fargo ! You can take your service fees and shove it ! 
finally feels like she has a clean state and a < PROPMALE > at a fresh start . Thanks life , I'm gonna run with it . 
Don't grieve for what doesn't come . Some things that don't happen keep disasters from happening . - Rumi 
Ponyo ! :) 
finally got the boys to sleep , now for some haagen-dazs and season two of True Blood . :D 
what am I doin' ? what am I doin' ? oh yeah , that's right , I'm doin ' me , I'm doin ' me . I'm livin ' the life right now mayne , and this is what I'ma do ' til it's over , ' til it's over . but it's far from over . 
Bellingham tomorrow !!! I'm gonna spend some quality time with my besfrennnnn . :) Can't wait !! 
I need to know where you can get phad thai at 10 o'clock in the morning . 
did anybody else know m . night shyamalan was a screenwriter for < PROPMALE > Little ?? 
you can't ground me ! for I am neither living nor dead ! how can thy ground that which is , ungroundable ? 
workin ' on my taaaannn , maaaannn . 
is excited to spend the day in my favorite city with my bff < PROPFIRST > ! 
It's too early for flowers right now . 
ughh I wanna have more fun ! I want to be blonde ! but now I'm getting impatient and thinking black ... I need a change ! 
Best day ever ! I got my raybans and won tickets to Shine !! :D 
the cuss you are ! the cuss am I ? are you cussin ' at me ?! 
had a poifect night with her besfrennn . :) 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Pekar 
is kind of sad the barefoot bandit got himself caught . I thought he had a nice little thing going . 
I can't sing , but I got soul . 
ughh sushi overload ! 
It's my best friend's birthday today ! Everyone go tell her how amazing she is and happy 21st ! :) I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
holy crap , it's only noon ? longest morning of my liiiiiife . 
True Blood really is seriously amazing . Thank yooouuu < PROPMALE > Ball ! 
bacon fried bacon 
goodbye dark < PROPFEMALE > brown , hellooo jet black ! 
why are there so many < PROPMALE > Kruger references in rap right now ? 
giggin ' 
is jonesin ' for a quality dance party . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , car why won't you start ?! 
It's muggy as shit , night swimming anybody ?? 
Wanted : somebody to help me crack open this friggen coconut ! 
Wine , Radiohead and a clean house . Not a bad saturday night , ifidosaysomyself . 
Gooooooooodnight . :) 
Today's the day ! Started gauging my ears . Woohooo ! :D 
Mmmnom nom nom . Sleeping in ' til noon feels gooooood . Haven't done this in a while . :) nomnomnomnom 
Getting stuck behind a garbage truck in downtown traffic is not a pleasant experience . 
Yoga , Rilo < PROPFEMALE > and freshly made hummus make < PROPFEMALE > a happy girl . :) 
MmMmmm ! Do I love me some < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Jones circa ' 77 . 
I do not get paid enough for this . 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > , tip your flower delivery girl ! 
is overheating ! Why can't I cool off ?! Ughhh 
I have come to terms with my height , and most times I am proud of it , but my heart still breaks a little when I see a girl in heels I know I can never wear . :( 
I feel like with every passing moment I'm going a little bit crazier . I'm going insane from lack of mental stimulation . I need some excitment , I need some adventure . I need some seriously intense something or I'm gonna rip my hair out . 
What will grow crooked you can't make straight , it's the price that you gotta pay . do yourself a favor and pack your bags , buy a ticket and get on a train . 
I am a colossal fuck up . 
Alright life , I'm taking back the reigns . No more of this , I'm in control now and I'm not losing it ever again . Heart of a lion ! 
Billowing smoke , speeding traffic , no starbucks , and creepy men in vans . Oh the joys of being broken down on I-5 with my < PROPFEMALE > . Hahaa ! 
Purple or teal ? 
Cheers ! 
What has two thunbs and went house hunting with her sissy simpson today ? This girl ! 
ahhhh the leaves are already changing in port gamble !! 
one of < PROPFEMALE>'s new favorite things : iced coffee with cream , blink-182 and the wide open 101 ! hahaa lovin ' life . 
deffffinitely just bought Aqua - Aquarium , hahaha yesss !!! 
you said , ' my life's like a bad movie . ' I said , ' it's true of all of us . you said , and you said , ' I gotta wake up so fucking early . ' and I said , ' maybe the director's turned on us . ' outside the five sounds like the ocean . relax , don't keep your eyes open . 
Great weekend . :) 
I JUST GOT MY HAWTHORNES !!!!! I get them in 5-8 business days , coming from the east coast , hahaa . my perfect brown boots will be here soon ! ahh Nordstroms I love you . 
This is officially the best day ever ! < PROPFEMALE > is picking up the key to our new mill creek apartment within the hour !! 
Are we really living or just walking dead now ? Or dreaming of a hope riding the wings of angels . The way we live , the way we die , what a tragedy , I'm so terrified . Day dreamers please wake up , we can't sleep no more . 
Hey friends , my beautiful and lovely momma has a birthday today ! Go give her some love . :) Happy happy birthday mom ! I love you !! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Body and I Love You , Man ... I approve . Laterz on the menjay ! 
I loooooveee waking up to good news ! 
Drunk on a boat in the middle of Lake Union . 
Update : dancing my ass off drunk on a boat in the middle of Lake Union . 
My life is seriously awesome right now . :) 
Tonight is not my night . 
Reorganized my closet for winter ! I think I'm actually ready for it this year .. hyyyped . 
Laying in the park with the Darrinz listening to GaGa . :) 
Pain , pain go away , and never ever come back to stay . Movie marathon today ! First up ; The Fearless Vampire Killers . 
All dressed up and no where to go .. someone please come kill my boredom . 
got a ten dollar tip today for making this guy laugh . Bomb ! 
Too early for flowers ! 
aztec chocolate donut + 12oz drip + 89.5 = me not minding this downtown seattle delivery so much . :) 
is shakin ' it down to the boogie nights soundtrack on lowell-lamer . 
my head feels like it's going to explooode ! ugh , why does this happen every time I get a new job ? 
Hot bath , cold grapefruit juice and the Wizard of Oz . Having a cold never felt so good , hahaa . 
Oh hello < PROPFEMALE > autumn sunshine pouring into my room . Oh no , no I don't mind waking up and basking in all your beauty and loveliness . Good morning to you too sunshine , it's going to be a good day . 
This morning is not as magical as yesterday's . Thanks to the stupid PUD men and their big trucks making wayy too much noise right outside my window . Ughh at least I'm feeling MUCH better today and Tay is coming over after work ! :) also ; woohoo textured nails ! Haha 
Quad venti toasted walnut iced americano , new mani/pedi , new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and some much needed time with Tay . Loves it ! 
Haha I'm not gonna lie , the new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is pretty awesome . 
Me ; '' omg , I feel like a shit ton of bricks just fell on my soul . '' Mom ; '' hmm , sounds like an Alanis Morrisette song . '' 
Back to basics , and I'm happy about it . I feel this scary new rush coming on , but I'm excited by it . I think things are going to be different from now on . I love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! You girls really made my day today , among the other company I enjoyed today . I love you all , you really make life good . Goodnight everybody . 
is there any better way to end a night spent with your best than with a choco taco ? no , there is not . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , someone come over and paint my nails for me ? Haha , I do not feel like polishing tonight . 
In bed with peppermint tea and < PROPFIRST > Bukowski , a perfect end to a tiresome day at work . 
Movie madness tonight ! First Midnight Express , then Freeway , and now The Philadelphia Story ! That quad americano from earlier just won't quit . 
is super stoked for her day off tomorrow . New gauges , new hair , I'm ready for friday , hahaha . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hall on kcts . :) 
Here we go .. 
Awesome day in Bellingham with Mad and Laur , followed by fun movie with dad . Re-dyed my pink and now in bed with cookies milk , haha . Goooooodnight ! 
Crithisth averthed !! 
It's soooooo awesome when I lay in bed for three hours and can't sleep worth a damn . Ughh caffeine cut it out ! 
Criminy ! It's wednesday and I haven't even started the finishing touches on my costume . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > time flies when your living . 
I don't want to get out of bed . :( 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > tonight !! 
Not being able to breathe through your nose is such an awesome feeling . 
is so tired she could lay down on the floor of this restaurant and happily fall asleep . I need home . :( 
if life's not beautiful without the pain , well , I'd just rather never ever even see beauty again . well , as life gets longer awful feels softer , and it feels pretty soft to me . 
Shut it down and the staish solo tonight , holy crap I'm tired . Work at noon tomorrow , woo ! 
Finally home , now laundry , cleaning , then in bed early so I can open in the morning . Haha wooooooo friday ! 
Laundry folded , room cleaned , bed made and hair washed . Feels goood . Tomorrow's gonna suck but I can't wait to see my bestie < PROPFEMALE > ! Tomorrow night is gonna be a blast . 
Four hours of sleep , eight hours of work ( so far ) , one double tall americano and two red bulls later .. I think I'm crashing . 
Work work work , all I do is work . 
Three red bull deep ! 
Good morning sun ! 
' Just stay in charge girl ! You'll be a boss one day if you just stay in charge . '' Thanks mr. crazy man , I'm gonna keep that in mind . 
Makin ' money , payin ' billz . Today was day one of my new grown up life , and I think it went wonderfully ! 
Having a blown tire on the side of hwy 2 , not awesome . The view I have while I wait for < PROPMALE > schwab to come fix my shyte , super awesome . Sweet trade , I had been wanting a < PROPMALE > to enjoy this clear blue sky . 
Is sooooooo excited to spend the weekend with her best frennnn in bellingham !! :) 
Was it pooomas ? 
Laying in < PROPFEMALE>'s bed , watching the colors in the sky change . I don't think I could have had a better weekend . :) 
Listening to Portugal with < PROPFEMALE > on < PROPMALE>'s bed . Ugly sweater party was a success , time with my besties is all I ever need . EG for life . 
Just slept for like 18 hours . Haha wow I feel like going back for more . 
It's really amazing how one experience can put so many things in perspective . 
So apparently I have lost my cell phone somewhere in my house .. I have no house phone to call it from . Will someone please call me so I can find it ? And maybe keep calling ' til I do ? haha thanks . 
Found it ! :) 
Are you cussin ' with me ? 
Had a dream last night I actually remembered for the first time in months , unfortunately I don't want to remember it at all . 
Egg steaks ! 
yoga tiiiiiimeee !! 
mmmmystery science theater . 
\Those who find ugly meanings in beautiful things are corrupt without being charming . This is a fault . those who find beautiful meanings in beautiful things are the cultivated . For these there is hope . They are the elect to whom beautiful things mean only beauty . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Wilde " 
This might be one of those mediocre days .. 
Looking to add some instant awesome to your day ? Throw in Death Race 2000 with < PROPFIRST > Carradine and you're set ! 
Alright , time for change . I'm sick of feeling like I'm not good enough . I'm fucking awesome and the people that matter in my life know it . Things are changing , no more wasting time on useless endeavors . I'm making things happen and I'm not taking no for an answer . Hello world ! You are now my oyster . 
A lovely night in spent with my pals Rumi and < PROPMALE > . Supes stoked for the bomb vip dance party tomorrow night with my < PROPFEMALE > ! :) sweetdreams world , see you in the am . 
Everything , except love of the Most\ 
Beautiful , is really agony . \ 
It's agony to move toward death and not\ 
drink the water of life . -Rumi 
Rocked my interview ! And now I'm suuuuper stoked about school . Eee I'm so excited I had to make a fb post ! 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > 
had a really amazing day despite the bullshit . Taking care of shyte feels really good . Work tomorrow , woo ! And now some public programming about elephants .. Groodnight worlds . 
' Tis the month for taking care of business . 
Best . Salad . Ever . 
I just love how parents just end the conversation when they know they are wrong . Grow up . But I love even more that it doesn't bother me anymore . Yay for me growing up ! 
Children wake up , hold your mistake up , \ 
before they turn the summer into dust . If the children don’t grow up , our bodies get bigger but our hearts get torn up . We’re just a million little god’s causin rain storms turnin’ every good thing to rust . 
Fuck < PROPFIRST>'s . Happy < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Shaw day everyone ! Hahaa 
Breakfast at < PROPFEMALE>'s , indian food and a bottle of wine . Goooooooooooood night ! 
The weather in this city is insane , I friggen love it . Waiting for < PROPFIRST > off eastlake , watching some goons play soccer . Haha I love my life . 
I woke up this early on my own ?? Weird things happen when you go to bed before midnight .. 
Heart of a lion ! 
Let's get one thing straight right now . I won't let any person on this earth tie me down . Not one . 
can't decide if she wants to be a redhead or a brunette .... 
Whoa . The < PROPFEMALE > is so bright I can see the snow caps on the mountains . I love this world . 
First test down ! Four more to go . :) 
Don't be a drag , just be a < PROPFEMALE > . 
The next 48 hours will be absolute hell . Wish me luck and hope I make it out alive !! 
I need to get out of this place . 
1970 Newport Jazz Festival on kcts . :) 
I got ninety nine problems but a bitch ain't one . 
needs to stop wasting her days off being lazy . Going for a run and finishing my book today ! 
RUGRAATTSSSS :D 
Is supes annoyed about going a fifth week without a paycheck .. at least the tips are great , bahh . 
I have a serious nip/tuck addiction . 
Holy giants hail balls batman , is this a thunderstorm or what ?! 
New hair , new nails , new music . Life is gooood . 
< PROPFEMALE > Gully and sweet , sweetdreams . 
It's officially my weekend ! 
Is ready for cabooo . 
A wonderful morning spent with The Shins and < PROPFIRST > Wilde . I have a feeling today will be a very good day . 
