is going to watch Paranormal Activity , i hope is not cheesey , i hate cheesey movies ... 

see if i cant come up with an interesting status 
As wicked as you are , You're beautiful to me , You're the darkest burning < PROPFEMALE > , You're my perfect disease ... 
be reading 
be still reading 
novel after novel ... 
Stand in the corner and scream with me !! A body full of empty , A head that's full of rage , better believe it !! 
got lost while reading today , where did the past 5 hours go ? 
new books ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Koontz ... 1,601 pages of relentless pulse pounding action HA ! 
Preserve me from the enemy who has something to gain , and from the friend who has something to lose ... 
< PROPFIRST > Koontz's Frankenstien- Book I- Prodigal Son heeeere we go ! As wicked as you are , You're beautiful to me , You're the darkest burning < PROPFEMALE > , You're my perfect disease ... 
... 
cant shake this feeling ... 
i think you got the rhyming flu , im spittin A's right on cue , you mutter C's and its hard for you , not only does it suck but its confusing too ! can you take a hint or maybe a clue ? listen up close cause heres what you got to do , take a step back , look at my shoe , HA i just kicked your ass with my verbal kung-fu !! 
Over thinking , over analyzing separates the body from the mind . Withering my intuition , missing opportunities and I must Feed my will to feel my moment drawing way outside the lines . 
Over thinking , over analyzing separates the body from the mind . Withering my intuition , missing opportunities and I must feed my will to feel my moment drawing way outside the lines . 
This body holding me reminds me of my own mortality . Embrace this moment , remember , we are eternal . All this pain is an illusion . 
All work no play makes for a very productive yet boring day ... :( 
Too much , too far , too late to lie down now . I must arm myself to fight you by making weapons out of my imperfections . It's all I have left . There's no other choice ... 
uh , i have to read 75 pages of text for my American Government class and then take a 40 question quiz over it .... 
You should know that the lies won't hide your flaws , No sense in hiding all of yours , You gave up on your dreams along the way ... 
is going to set up the studio and lay down some tracks 
shines on borrowed light ... 
Hold the S because I am an AINT ... 
\A Discrete Transition to Advanced Mathematics\ " HA ! what a joke ! " 
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind ... 
Got a par t-t ime job !! 
trying to get amped up by consuming large ammounts of green and black tea ... 
ginko 
Gladiator !! 
can speak braille 
Long hair dont even care .... 
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good ... oh , please don't let me be misunderstood ... 
I'm just a soul whose intentions are good ... oh , please don't let me be misunderstood ... Since I am human , I am good and bad as well , But I try my hardest to stay good and some of the things I do and say may be bad , or just not too good But I do try ... So with that said , I don't fault you , I mean , you're only human ... 
wants to take a picture 
aww mannn 
the sky is the limit ... 
AAAAHH photoshop just kicked my ass ! 
id much rather you talk to me first and see if you can learn an opinion before you make one ... 
work work study work study study ... play ! 
OVERRATED !!! 
and thats what the monkey said ... 
and so ends another chapter , even more alone than before .... 
think think think think think think think 
searching for something that does not exist ... 
GSTID ! 
can read whats written in the clear ink ... 
Feeling undone , What have I become ? When I turned my back on you I turned my back on myself and became this machine .... 
L is for LOVE , baby/ O is for OH yes I do/ V is for VIRTUE , so I ain't gonna hurt you/ E is for EVEN if you want me to/ R is for RENDER unto me , baby/ M is for that which is MINE and/ A is for ANY old how , darling and/ N is for ANY old time ... Loverman ! Till the bitter end/ While the empires burn down/ Forever and ever and ever , ever , amen/ I'm your loverman ... 
excuse me while i kiss the sky ... 
blind to the world , born into sleep , torn into pieces , and yet still i try to stand , nothing to gain , everything to prove , i will not admit defeat ... 
just woke up , yeahhhh 
is workin workin workin 
has to get his tire fixed today 
Define your meaning of fun/ To me it's when we're gettin ' it done/ I feel the heat comin ' off of the blacktop/ So get ready for another one/ Let's take a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > / The words circling in my brain/ You can treat this like another all the same/ But don't cry like a bitch when you feel the pain ... 
Fight for your honesty/ Fight for integrity !!!! 
All your mental armor drags me down / nothing hurts like your mouth ... 
must have done something wrong , hell if i know ... 
is working 
wants < PROPFEMALE > go skate it up 
is going to rock out with my .. haha you kno ! 
Blisters on my fingertips ... i played the bass till it was out of tune ... 
Keep it//Dont want it//Think ill just go away//Away from here//away from you 
gave up the brush on 4/3/2010 
our cat is havving its kittins 
yeaa i got my Edgefest tickets fo ' sho ! 
didnt think he would meet someone like her ... 
is really tired , but it was worth every second 
isss sooooo glad its friday 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > and friends , and edge fest is just around the corner 
Dear God the only thing I ask of you is to hold her when I'm not around when I'm much too far away .... -- A7X 
and thats why i dont make plans 
thinks he's found the best one ever !! 
is at edgefest with < PROPFEMALE > and friends , is going to rock !! 
dosent feel good today , cant wait to get this last test done and be done with school , just want to spend the day with my baby 
schooooooools out . for . summuh !!!!! 
