is WAY excited from a grand champ win yesterday !! :D 

Woo !! another win for waconia ! 
is gonna head to baileys in a while 
WOOO !! WACONIA MARCHING BAND IS #1 !!!! 
is leaving for Tennessee tomorrow ! 
Ugh ... has to pack ... BORING ... Text ME ! 
is VERY very bored ... someone should text me haha :P 
is finally home :) 
is really very tired 
going up north today :) 
hmm ... what to do today ... any ideas ? 
wants to have some fun tonight ! 
is gonna clean today . Then probably goin to nats ! 
is headin over to natalies :) 
is listening to some techno stuff 
had fun being \kiss\ " haha . pictures soon to come :) " 
is going to carissas tonight ! and is going to be an elephant handler with < PROPFEMALE > :D 
is pretty bored . Dance meeting tonight . Text Me :) 
no one from my family is going . sorry :/ 
is tired from dance 
is gonna head to < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight :) text me ! 
crap ! go to the store NOW !!! 
played wii fit for a while today ... it was fun 
is excited for dance camp ! 
had a blast at camp this year ! 
Where's my milk . i don't know so forget it . i'll snatch it myself and put it on the shelf :) 
Jump , push Pause . Jump , push play . Roll it out and dance all day :) 
< PROPFEMALE > brown is NOT my elephant trainer anymore . we both have very different opinions on how to train and i think hers are absolutly ridiclious . i will be training alone . let me know if you would like to train elephants with me !!! :DD 
I am Soooooo glad my room didn't flood last night . that was a nasty storm ! 
BEACH FOR CONDITIONING !!! :D 
\Is this water sanitary ? it looks questionable to < PROPFEMALE > !! But what about bacteria ?!?! \ " :D " 
Finally ! its my Sweet 16 ! 
Wow , I never thought my calves could hurt this bad 
is tired and burnt lol 
is bored ... text me :) 
another good day of dance :) 
Yepp . Im having a good day :) 
Colores Coloooorreeesss ! 
Colores Colooorreeeeeessss !!! goodness . it won't leave my brain ! 
well that was an eventful day ! 
people at taco < PROPFEMALE > are stupid 
is hangin with nat :/ 
is tired and bored 
Homecoming today !!!!!! :D 
Jai Ho !!!! :D 
just learned how to partially play like 5 songs on the piano ! 
is possibly going to be able to do something ... hopefully 
Coreography today ! :D 
just found out that i was not grounded today ... so i sat through a 5 hour marathon of songs for no stinking good reason ... UGH 
TP . Forks . Jam . Ketechup . Mustard . Mayonaise . Flour . Pumpkins . Haha stupid boys got caught and had to clean it up !! 
Im pretty sure this was not the best MEA ever 
just got a reminder of the wonderful conversation me and < PROPFEMALE > had the other day :) DANCE TONIGHT ! :D 
woo hoo ! half day ! 
well those dresses were just darling ! 
smart music .... fuuuunnnnn 
Yay ! Its rachels birthday tomorrow ! so now i just hafta figure out what im gonna get her ! lol 
Woo ! Halloween ! 
woo hoo ! Car for me !! :D 
Spanish ... good times .. gooood times :) 
YES ! ElfYourself is Back !! 
Family Birthday Party today ! Fun Stuff ! 
stupid quilting class 
Woop Woop ! Go Lakettes !! Yummy Spaghetti Dinner ! 
Woo ! First at Conference ! Way to go Ladies ! Lets keep it up ! 
Heck yes ! Were gettin to the top ! Way to go Lakettes !!! :D 
we wish you a < PROPFEMALE > christmas and a happy new year !! 
Woo Hoo !!! First at Prior Lake !! :D Nice Job lakettes ! lets keep this up !! 
AHH !!! You have no idea how excited i am !! Second today ladies !!!!! Lets keep on truckin !!! :D 
oh yes . paper due tomorrow . forgot how to cite my sources ... greeaaatt 
Ugh . Marley & Me is a real tear jerker . me n rach had a moment 
Leaving for STATE today !!!!!! Holy crap im going to be on that floor tomorrow !!!! AHHH !!! excited much ! please come and support the dance team at the target center ! our category starts around 2 ! 
Beaver 1 , Beaver all . Lets all do the beaver crawl ! Beaver 2 , Beaver 3 . Lets all climb the Beaver Tree ! Beaver 4 , Beaver 5 . Lets all do the Beaver Jive ! Beaver 6 , Beaver 7 . Lets all go to Beaver Heaven ! Beaver 8 , Beaver 9 . STOP !!! ITS BEAVER TIME ! go beaver ! go beaver ! 
put that thing back where it came from or so help me ! so help me ! so help me ! and cut . 
Every Villain Is Lemons = EVIL !!! 
This city needs to be destroyed !! Or at least painted a different color ... 
OMG !!! my chicken tender looks like a Dodo bird !!! and hey theres a bird on my cup !! im thinkin they should mate :) 
I wish ... there would be an infestation of koalas ... it would be the cutest infestation ever ... they would come in through your window ... sit on your bed ... you'd walk up to them and they'd run away and you'd say \Wait ! don't go ... i wanna hold you .. and feed you a leaf . " 
Hmmm ... Lots of thinking . 
I said i don't want to walk this earth if I gotta do it solo . LOVE THAT SONG !! 
I am the type of person who turns up the volume in my car ONLY when im by myself and im listening to the song \never gonna be alone\ " :) " 
Dont you just love it when you come home from a long day to find out your sister and her friends messed up your whole room when you were gone ?! I know i do .. 
haha i love listening to old school music .. Nsync , backstreet boys , and < PROPFEMALE > spears :) some may say FAIL but i say AWESOME !! 
I NEED GAGA TICKETS !!! I DONT THINK YOU UNDERSTAND !!!! :D < PROPFEMALE > Weiland understands !! 
Awesome bonfire !!! It was a blast !! :D 
I wumbo , you wumbo , he she we wumbo , wumboing , wumbology , they study of wumbo ... come on Spongebob , this is first grade ! 
Its violent AND educational ! But mostly violent . Yay violence ! 
OH FOR PETE'S SAKE !!! * deep in thought * hmm .... I wonder if < PROPMALE>'s a nice guy .. 
let me get this straight . you know her . she knows you . but she wants to eat him . and everybody's ok with this ? Did i miss something ?! 
I think I need to work on my texting skills .. 
Haha oh wow .. Didnt think id burn that much ! Well , hope it turns to a tan ! 
Ooh ... the bend and snap ! I did that last night naked . I broke a window though 
Im not happy < PROPMALE > . Not .. Happy .. 
They are popping outta the snow !!! Like daisies !!! ( mulan ) 
Today i realized something ... I am a complete and total dork ! But im glad i have ppl around me that except me for who i am .. And laugh with me , not at me :) 
Roz , my tender , oozing < PROPFEMALE > , you're looking fabulous today . Is that a new haircut ? Tell me it's a new haircut . It's got to be a new haircut . New makeup ? You had a lift ? You had a tuck ? You had something ? Something has been inserted in in you that makes you look ... Listen , I need a favor . 
Haha i would not catch a frisbee and let it hit me in the face so it feels like a bruise lol . Total B.S. ( becca shirk ) move right there !! 
Had fun hangin with < PROPFEMALE > Christensen tonight !!! Fun stuff right thur !!! :) 
oofedy doofy ... i have a cold :\\ 
Yup .. thinkin a bike ride with < PROPFEMALE > Gorghuber and < PROPFEMALE > Ebako !!! Should < PROPFEMALE > good !! :D 
Pretty sure NSYNC is the bomb-dig and is AWESOME !!! haha :) 
Once there was a magical elf who lived in a rainbow treeee . He lived downstairs from a flatulent dwarf who was constantly having to peee . one day the elf could take no more so he went to bang on the rude dwarfs doooor . And what do you know , they suddenly both were maaaarried ! :) 
Mom , are you sure this waters sanitary ?! it looks Questionable to meee !!!!! 
Es-cap-ay .. thats funny , it's spelled just like Escape ! :D 
Goodness ! Prom day already ?! 
Last night taught me something ... Sleep is a good thing . Mixing that with three energy drinks and a mountain dew is a bad thing . But tatooing youre whole stomach and riding bikes at 4AM is pretty freakin sweet !!! :D 
Help ! I’m drowning , I’ve got butt cramps , I want ice cream , and now it’s dark !!!!! 
Let's take a look-see . Hate your hair . Not likely . Yikes . Yikes . Yikes . And , let me guess , you have a great personality 
Seaweed : 50% sea , 50% weed . Plankton : 1% evil , 99% hot gas . :) 
The drop off ?! They're going to the drop off ?! What are you insane ?! Why dont we just fry them up now and serve them with chips ?!?!?! :) 
Inspector , do you know if the killer was a man or a woman ?? Well of course i know that , what else is there ?! A KITTEN ?!?! :)) 
OIII !!!! 10,000 YEARSSS !!!... Will give you such a crick in the neck !! 
What if < PROPMALE > gets another dinosaur ? A mean one ? I just don't think I can take that kind of rejection !! 
Im pretty sure \Spending All My Time\ " by < PROPFIRST > Fresh is like my new favorite song/music video of all time !!!! :D " 
-We are talkin ' about the greather good !! -Greater good ?! I am yo ' wife !! I am the greatest goood you are evah gonna get !!!! 
We were so close ! So close , we tripped at the finish line !! Why ?! Because our little * nut*-Meg has to go all < PROPMALE > !! -hercules 
Haha jump for it < PROPFIRST > ! Leap for it < PROPMALE > ! Oh come on becca just jump ! I CANT !!! :P 
I would be sick :(( 
Goodness .. Why do things that shouldnt make me ssuper pisssed , make me ssuper pisssed ?!?! 
Hangin with my chicas , < PROPFEMALE > Gorghuber and < PROPFEMALE > Ebako 
I am a nice shark , not a mindless eating machine . If I am to change this image , I must first change myself . Fish are friends , not food !! 
Gingers do have souls !!! 
I like ' em BIG ! I like ' em CHUNKY !! haha Tem < PROPFEMALE > 
Marching band , boating , hangin with < PROPFIRST > and rach ... Id say it was a pretty successful day !! :)) 
Its a beautiful disa .... Could we pretend that airplanes in the ni .... Im on a boat !!! Jeeezz < PROPFEMALE > stop changing the song !! 
Five grad parties then charlies party !!! Should be a long and fun day !! 
They wonder WHY i am never home ? 
Its because im GREEN isn't it ?! - Grinch :) haha < PROPFEMALE > Shirk 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is the new < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Band camp here we come !!! :D 
Um yeah ... Ok ... Cool . 
Momma had a chicken . Momma had a cow . Dad was proud . He didn't care how !! 
Beefy calves .. Like a cow !!!! Haha 
Random thought of the day : i love the short old guy on the aristocats movie that sings \ta ra ra boom de-ay\ " :) " 
The Waconia High School Marching Band won best winds , peoples choice , first place , and GRAND CHAMP !!!!! Thats what im talkin about !! :D 
Wooo !!!!! WMB is #1 !!!! best drumline , colorgaurd , winds , marching and maneuvering , peoples choice , first place , and GRAND !!!! 
What ! What ! I knit sweaters yo ! what ! what ! don't test me * BLEEP * ... she .. she didn't even swear ! Hangin with < PROPFEMALE > Sutherland :) 
Toy Story 3 was amazing !!! 
oof we lost ... i hate losing ... we better kick butt tomorrow !! 
We are warriors , born from the light . An army for freedom , defenders of life . Warriors , euphoria will rise . Returning from darkness we bury all lies . Lets kick but today Waconia Marching Band !!!! 
Waconia high school marching band won first in our class , best winds , best drumline , and best color gaurd . All this just tops off a perfect weekend ! * cough cough * :/ 
Now thats what i call a break down 
Just when i think things cant get any worse ... 
Excited for a much needed vacation to the east coast !!! 
Saw niagara falls today !!!! It was sweet ! :D 
-For the last time ! I did NOT order a giant trampoline !! -well you shoulda told me that BEFORE i set it up !!!!! -- emperors new groove :) 
You cant feed a fish tuna !!! It would be an abomination !!!!!!! - lilo and stitch :) 
oh good ! my dog found the chainsaw !! - lilo and stitch :) 
Minnesota girls we're unforgettable ! waterproof boots and flannel on top ! 
A.G.L.E.T. Aglet ! Don't forget it !!! We're gonna tie the world together !! 
Uptown , downtown , All around the world . we gonna jump now , jump now . Everybody come because we need , more , POPCORN ! Mayday , mayday , Ravers in the UK !!! 
Pudge controls the weather - lilo and stitch 
I'll take you to the ball < PROPFEMALE > manatee !! - < PROPFIRST > the cucumber :) 
Wow ! That was really scary and if you don't mind me saying , if that don't work , your breath will certainly get the job done , ' cause you definitely need some Tic Tacs or something ' cause your breath STINKS !!! - Shrek 
-i swear he just farted -nuh uh -rewind it !!!! * farting sound * OH MY GOSH HE JUST FARTED !!!!! LOL -lord of the rings 
Everybodys got a water buffalo !!! So tell me ... Whar color is your water buffalo ?? :) 
UGH !!! THEY TOOK THE DIP !!!! - < PROPFEMALE > Sutherland 
It's no secret that the best part of a secret is secretly telling someone your secret they're by secretly adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets ... secretly - spongebob .. Confusing , i know :) 
Holy crap !! Dance camp is kicking my butt ... But its so much fun and < PROPFEMALE > worth it !!! :D 
Drop it , hit it , jump it , split it . Dont stop , get it , get it !! 
Got my senior pics back today !! 
Went on the boat ( perfect day for it ) , got the tan ive been waiting for , got the job at pizza ranch , celebrating with pizza ( of course ) , and now a bonfire with smores !!! Could this day get any better ?!?! :D 
Oh ! Im picking out a thermos for you ! Not an ordinary thermos for you ! But the extra best thermos you can buy , with vinyl and stripes and a cup built right in ! - the jerk 
Oof ! Nervous for my first day on the job :P 
Gotta shake , shake , shake my sillies out ! Shake , shake , shake my sillies out ! Shake , shake , shake my sillies out ! And wiggle my waggles away !!! :D 
Oh-my-gosh . I almost commited murder today ! That poor squirrel almost didnt make it alive ! What if i had hit it ?!?! He probably saw his life flash before his eyes !! He probably had a wife and kids waiting for him at home . Poor squirrel .. I would have cried and had a funeral . 
Well i for one am starting to get bored . And boredom is something up of which i will not put ! - phineas and ferb ! 
If you like to talk to tomatoes . If a squash can make you smile . If you like to waltz with potatoes , up and down the produce aisle . Have we got a show for you ! Veggie tales !!! 
Ohana means family , and family means nobody gets left behind . Or forgotten . -lilo and stitch 
Hey you .. Yeah you .. scratch here ?????????????? to see my status :) 
Who was born on Friday , August 13th , 1993 in room 13 , who is now 17 , AND has two thumbs ??? THIS GIRL !!!! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! I had an awesome birthday on my ONLY lucky day this year ! Pretty sure i saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > too ! Woo !! 
Breezy point !!!!!! Yessssss !!! :D 
I was supposedly the entertainment of the night at karaoke tonight haha :) i mean i only tried to have some fun :P 
There was a farmer had a dog and bingo was his name-o !!! B-I-N-G-O !! B-I-N-G-O !!! B-I-N-G-O !! And bingo was his name-o !! 
< PROPFEMALE > won a pizza at the comander !!!!! Woo !!! Shirks win grand 2 weeks in a row !!! 
Oh the stench of wet butt on a hamster ... - < PROPFEMALE > Shirk :) 
Note to self : dont handle a jalepeno pepper and then put your contacts in . Eyes will water for 15 < PROPFEMALE > and you wont be able to see for 10 . 
First REAL paycheck today !!! Yipee !!! 
-Hey Mr. can i have some < PROPFEMALE > ? -No . These arent < PROPFEMALE > . These are for adult consumers in adult consumption situations . 
Ladies and gentlemen . Please fasten your seatbelts and pull them tight . We hope you have a very pleasant stay on board . Check your seatbelts . We are ready for take off . 
I am like pro at solitare ... You dont even know :) 
Touch it . Bring it back . Watch it . Turn it . Leave it . Stop . Format it ! 
< PROPFEMALE > close !!! 
My life is complete . Watch the new video !! \Touch \"!!!!" 
Yepp .. Pretty sure you should watch the video \Touch\ " . Let us know what you think !! :) " 
Oh .. it's not the first time I was tossed out of a window , and it won't be the last . What can I say ?!? I'm a rebel . - The Emperor's New Groove 
Gonna make a new video with < PROPFEMALE > Sutherland today !!! Watch our first one !!! its called \Touch \"!!" 
Belly button !! Uh huh !!! You say your belly button's missing ? Theres no reason for alarm ! Its a common thing for gourds ! It wont do you any harm !! - veggie tales !! :) 
Ice bath ? I think so ! Conditioning was BRUTAL !!! I feel so accomplished haha :) 
\its like the nazis .. Every time you kill em they just keep coming back\ " - < PROPMALE > shirk . Sometimes i just dont know what is running thru this boys head ! " 
If you ever need any help with procrastination or SHIRKing your responsibilities , come to me . Im pro . 
I hate writing freakin papers . especially about leadership ... makes me think of female dogs .. and makes me just wanna yell , WELL EFF !!!! 
Scuttle : I haven't seen this in years , this is * wonderful* ! < PROPFIRST > : What is it ? Scuttle : A banded , bulbous snarfblatt . < PROPFIRST > , Flounder : Ohhh . - The Little Mermaid ! 
Just downloaded like 35 Glee songs ... NBD 
Yupp . I am TOTALLY wearing my unitard on wednesday !! HAHA :D 
I like it in the back hallway ! 
I am sooo sick of getting these moles taken off of my head .. It hurts reeeally bad right now .. But hey . Better safe then sorry considering they were pre-cancerous :/ 
Had an awesome time at Brittley Sealy ' s quinceanera ! Happy 15th ! 
Just had a pretty emotional moment with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > .. About me leaving for college .. Its only first tri .. Wooo ! 
Jiw ! Jiw Go ! Your gonna be late fo wook ! Go NOW ! AAAAAAAAAAAAH ! excuse me ! that was a bad one ! COOCH ! hahahaha oh < PROPFEMALE > Sutherland you make my day haha 
Had an awesome day today ! < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! And the best part is it was me and my best friend < PROPFEMALE > SUTHERLANDS six month friend-aversary !!! Love u cheeks !! 
Finishing High kick with my lovely lakettes !!! It looks AWESOME !! We need more POPCORN mayday mayday ravers in the UK !!!! 
I whip my hair back and forth ! 
Ouch . Thats gonna hurt tomorrow 
I'd say it was a pretty awesome Halloween !! I even saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > !! :D 
Don't look at me !! Im just a lonely tuba !!! XD haha good times with turi !! 
It sounds like the sucky thing at the doctor !!! Hahaahaha oh math class :) 
Haha I'd hafta agree with that lol 
Oh I'm picking out a thermos for you !!!! ... No really .. I am 
Now Woody , he's been my pal for as long as I can remember . He's brave , like a cowboy should be . And kind , and smart . But the thing that makes Woody special , is he'll never give up on you ... ever . He'll be there for you , no matter what . - Toy Story 3 :) 
I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN ! I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN !!! 
F.A.O. my Schwartz !!! - Toy Story 3 :) 
does ANYONE have any good ideas for a culutural investigation ?!?! IDK what to do !!! haha 
Made my day watching the AMA's and seeing Casper dancing with pink and seeing NKOTBSB !!!!!! Pretty much had a heart attack when I saw the backstreet boys perform again !!! :D 
-Did you know you are ABCDEFGHIJK ??? Awesome , Brave , Crazy , Daring , Exciting , Fabulous , Great , and Happy !!! - but what's the IJK ??? - I'm Just Kidding !!!!!! Hahahaha !!!!!! 
Jeepers !! If I didn't have dance I don't know what I would do !! Love you girls !! We did awesome yesterday ! :)) 
Ouchies !!!! My head hurts oober bad :( stinkin cancer moles >:[ 
Yupp ! Definately just got tickets to the TRANS-SIBERIAN ORCHESTRA concert on December 27 !!!!.. NBD :))) 
Im pretty sure im in an awesome mood . partly because WE JUST GOT SECOND AT OUR COMPETITION and partly because the girls i dance with are just awesome haha ! love you ladies !! great job tonight !!! 
I feel like a cool person . got skype .. and a shake weight lol 
AAAAAHHHHHH !!! THE TRANS-SIBERIAN ORCHESTRA TICKETS CAME IN THE MAIL TODAY !!! :D 
\Sounds of the Season : Becca's Version\ " :) one of my best ideas :) " 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > !! I can't wait for you to come , I just can't wait for you to come ! And I have cookies ! 3 yummy cookies ! Just for you for when you come , only for you for when you come !! Because its Chriiiistmaaaas !!!! - Veggie Tales :) 
\Noodle is greater than a circle ... because the word noodle has 2 circles ! \ " and \ " Turtle is greater than life ... because turtle has more letters\ " :) haha family christmas games are awesome !! \ " It takes a shirk to perk ! \"" 
I , < PROPFEMALE > Shirk , love < PROPFEMALE > so so so so sooooooo very much , and I don't know what I would do without her . Love ya sis (: 
Boom . Get on that . 
Well , obviously we have a rapist in < PROPMALE > park . He's climbin in yo window , snatchin yo people up . Tryna rape em so y'all need to hide ya kids , hide ya wife , and hide ya husband cuz they're rapin erybody out here . 
I feel like our dance team has really turned around !! :)) great job this weekend ladies ! Let's keep this up ! :D 
Yesterday was a pretty good day :) got tickets to the BACKSTREET BOYS CONCERT !!! I'm an all conference dancer , AND I had a blast with my lakettes at the after party !! Too bad we got jipped at the competition !!! 
I STILL don't get it ... 
The waconia lakettes dance team is in fact GOING TO THE HIGH SCHOOL STATE DANCE TEAM TOURNAMENT !!! 
State is in two weeks so we need tooo ... Practice Hard ! Point our Toes ! Do your Hair ! Be Sharp ! Head Up ! Smile Big ! aaaannnnndddd ..... Shave your pits ! Shave your Legs ! and put on deoderant so we dont smell yoooouuuuuuu !!! haha gotta love danceline cheers :) 
is it bad for you to smile to much ? like to the point of your face twitching ??? cuz that seems to happen everytime im done performing . And right now :)) 
So glad i got to spend my valentines day with one of the coolest people i know :) Nbd . 
I have had 6 wonderful years with the lakettes ! I can't believe it's already over ! I will miss all of the laughs , the tears , the hard work , and all of my sisters :) thank you girls for making my years on the team the best they could be !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
\What's on your mind monkey butt ?? \ " - the parrot from home alone :) this is what the little status bar is really saying ... " 
I can't believe i just dropped my camera on the original < PROPFIRST > nixon copy of the declaration of independence ... wow im cool 
\push your lips forward and up . And then smell . Does yours smell funny ? cuz mine does\ " - my lovely sister " 
I'm done . im done . for the 40 millionth time , im done . LOOK AT ME WHEN IM TALKING TO YOU !!! ~ WAAAAAAH ! did you see my cooka ?! wheres crocadilly ?!?!?! 
Its Friday ! Friday ! Gotta get down on Friday ! Partyin Partyin YEAH ! Partyin Partyin YEAH ! Fun ! Fun ! Fun ! Fun ! lookin forward to the weekend !! 
