Football Pick ups tonight ! finally my gear ! 

Number 87 what now !!! 
Waiting for highschool ! and can't wait for basketball and football . 
our basketball game cancelled B.S. !!!! 
is waiting for football to start up 
Mini camp for football starts tomorrow ! 
Mini Camp at 6 tonight 
is sore from mini camp 
Day 2 of Mini Camp is over ... easier ... but still sore 
Mini Camp is over .... practice next wed ... just helmets and jerseys 
is back from Scituate 
is chillin with Zac 
is back from the dentist 
Is waiting for Monday 
practice was friggin hot 
practice was pretty easy today 
leaving for football camp at 6:30 tomorrow morning can't bring my phone =/ its gonna rock though 
wants winter to come so he can snowboard 
just remembered he has football practice at 2:00 
thinks if people are gonna dis somebody they shouldn't need an audiance 
G'night Peoples !!!!! chillin at < PROPFEMALE>'s party tomorrow text it up ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s party today ! lol basement woot ! lol 
is going to Maine for the weekend ! possibly kayaking 
is looking forward to the next game 
bruised his mcl and should be able to play next week 
can't wait till next weekend ! 
wants to snowboard on the 30th 
uh oh a wizard ? no one told me there would be a wizard ! I'm alergic ! 
is AWESOME !!! 
Fork in a blender 
The only easy day was yesterday . sore from basketball . ton of fun . did well . 
Awesome work out day . woke up early for highschool workout then yardwork and finally basketball 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . working out tomorrow . then leaving early to doctors and lastly chillin at the lake with Zac 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . nothing today . fireworks tonight . win . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . fireworks were cool . < PROPMALE > with people ; ) 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . played 8 ten minute games at conval today for basketball . generally sore . workout tomorrow 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Bst tonight , < PROPMALE > Pierce on the weekend . win 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . beat < PROPFIRST > . next game Wednesday at SNHU . but practice also . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Tough loss versus < PROPFEMALE > today . got myself a shiner on my left eye . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . A little sore from practice . every step makes me stronger . Practice from 3-6 today then a scrimmage tomorrow morning . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Football practice from 8-10 tomorrow morning . Then waking up at 5:00 the next morning to leave for Camp Winaukee . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Morning practice is finished . Packing for camp and getting ready to wake up at 5ish . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Got back from camp . Sore , looking forward to sleeping 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Jamboree at Spaulding today . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Nothing Today something with the Fam tomorrow . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . At the beach . Text it . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Beach is sick . massive waves . cut my foot up boogie boarding all the way to where we were sitting . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Practice at 3 . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . \ basically . It's deep how you can be so shallow . I'm afraid b/c i have no fear . and I didn't believe in magic . untill I watched you dissapear . I wish you were here\ " -Gnarles Barkley " 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Tough loss against Memorial . Good thing it doesn't count against our record . Most of you guys did good work . Others . Step up . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Great win versus Pembroke , showed them who the real Spartans are . Good job Boys 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . good win versus Bedford . keep up the intensity for next week boys . Get well soon < PROPMALE > 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . good practice today . keep up the intensity this week . souhegan this friday . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Souhegan Friday . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Can't wait to Destroy Souhegan Tomorrow . Pasta Party tonight . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . < PROPFEMALE > is sore . Tough loss . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Sore , tired . Enter new date , repeat . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Ah stress , for something so fimiliar i never know quite how to handle you . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . \ 
Where \ 
there is no vision , the people perish . \ 
Proverbs 29:18 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday.it was my pleasure to play with all the seniors . love you all . we'll get them next year . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Keep on hating me , it reminds me how much better than you I am . 
The Easy Day was Yesterday\ 
That doesn't mean what happened yesterday won't happen today or tomorrow , it means that no matter what you do you have to keep pushing yourself and breaking down barriers that you thought weren't possible to pass , building up on yourself day to day trying new things . Failure is always an option , this doesn't mean if you fail stop trying but to try and try until you get it right and it works 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . \ 
I'm tired of it , play me like a puppet and you won't exist to me anymore . I'm < PROPMALE > Smith , not a pushover . I'm above it all , the lies and the hate . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Coming to realize that this doesn't only apply to me anymore , We got this . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Even though JV lost , I feel like we won . Double-double . Get on my level . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Yeup , it's official , studying for finals sucks 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Practice 2-4 , lame , better work hard for game tomorrow . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . If only we had all the time in the world . Life would be perfect . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . I should have been named Atlas . Things would make more sense . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . They say I make it look easy . Maybe that's why everyone takes it for granted . Try to pick it up but it's too hot . They try to strike it before the iron's hot . They can't keep up , I'm going too fast . They say how , and I say because I'm dedicated , I work until it's done , I can't slow down , and I won't stop . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . I can't help it . I keep thinking myself into a fury . I'm not mad at anybody but myself . I don't get it . I know it's my fault but I don't know what to do this time . I guess it's never anybody's fault but your own . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Fight for it , you will come out on top . 
< PROPFIRST > Kennedy : What's you girlfriend's name ? \ 
Me : < PROPFEMALE > White , but dude . she is right here . Why didn't you ask her ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > : uhh . \ 
Me : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ..... \ 
\ 
Oh goodness < PROPFIRST > what is wrong with you 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Oh my . She's gonna kill me hahahaha . Totally worth it . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Pelham tomorrow . let's go ! 
Sick , just got rear ended . beautiful . everyone is fine . no damage . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Last JV game . Beasted it . Senior night . Dropped six . Had fun . So sore right now . Headed to Five Guys with my dad . Good night tonight . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Bad Morning already . Not feeling great . Head is killing me . Today , Please get better . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . One Universe , Nine planets , Two-Hundred-Four countries , Eight-Hundred-Nine islands , Seven seas , Eight-Hundred-Billion people ,... and YOU ... you are still , and always will be , the only One I want . ;) <3 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Nothing matters to me more . I don't always understand the reasons , but I try . Nothing matters to me more . I don't always agree , but I won't stop you from doing what you think is right . Nothing matters to me more . I can't understand , why you don't understand . Nothing matters to me more . I won't stop believing in this , not now , not ever , and that is a promise . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . Try and stop me now . I've got all I need . I'm ready . 
put this on ur Status && see what people rate you : 1 . Crazy 2 . I'd kiss you . 3 . Hyper !... 4 . Jerk ... 5 . I miss you ... 6 . Best friend ... 7 . Pretty .... 8 . Smart .. 9 . Dumb ... 10 . I would date you ... 11 . Random ... 12 . Hot ... 13 . Funny ... 14 . Huggable ... 15 . Amazing ... 16 . ... Tough .. 17 . Cute ... 18 . Beautiful ... 19 .. Loud ... 20 . Awesome 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . 
The Only Easy Day was Yesterday . It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything . - Fight club 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for soldiers starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down all congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why should we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? REPOST if you support troops 
