\I'm starting to warm up to the idea of cuttin ' you . \"" 

So while transfering my photos from my camera to my computer , the program froze up , afterwards , all of my photos were already deleted from the camera , but some how didn't transfer to the computer . So everything from New Years is gone . I'm slightly upset , but I've still got memories . :( 
Rediscovered Blessid Union of Souls . One of my most favorite bands ever ! Remember them < PROPFEMALE > DuBois ?? 
Drunk girl trying to beat up on a grown man while bawlin ' hysterically .... man .... that sh*t ain't cute . 
woot for letters and e-mails ! 
called it quits . 5 years , down the drain . ha . You would think I'd feel better now , but I don't . I can never do anything right . Maybe someone's looking for Mr. Wrong . I'm your guy . 
feels like death . I hate being sick . And what is it about being sick that makes you want soup ? Soup sounds delicious . 
so much to do . I have totally been slacking off the past couple of weeks . It is coming back to get me . 
rehearsals yay ! I've totally gotta buckle down and learn my lines . cutting it close . PLus 2 monologues for my audition for the CSU theatre department . So much learning . ahhhhh ! 
thinks having to pay $20 finance charge even after paying off $3000 on a credit card is ridiculous . I hate finance charges and APRs . blah 
drinks with an old friend ? hopefully its not weird . 
blah . hates printer ink , and printers . 
hope its worth the wait . 
is going on a bourbon binge and responsibility purge . 
job hunting . not sure how the bright orange clothes is supposed to help ? ha 
is trying to start anew today . Time to knock some homework and cleaning outta the way , then back to class tomorrow , followed by continuing my job hunting . blah . 
My transitivity would like to express a doable action directly or indirectly to your object . 
My past tense has been ungrammatical . Since there is no future tense , maybe the syntax of my life should focus on the present perfect progressive . 
It is 4 in the morning . Do you know where your kids are ? 
brings nothing to the table . 
Unmask yourself . You're not fooling anybody . 
well tonight turned out to be a very interesting night . I am still jacked up off coffee . Will totally have to do it again . Thanks for the trip to paradise . : D 
thinks I'm ready for a catastrophic malfunction . 
Remember the Titans is such a great movie . Still up . 7 more hours til class . woo ! 
has no idea what my \skills\ " are . Resumes suck . " 
still going strong . Coffee and I are on good terms again . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > just laid on top of Kimbo Slice and hit him in the head with sissy punches . Kimbo was not even hurt , but couldn't move with < PROPMALE>'s belly smothering him . Completely disappointing fight . I hope Kimbo gets another < PROPMALE > . 
Anyone watch Cougar Town on ABC ? < PROPFIRST > Cox and < PROPFEMALE > Miller are hilliarious ... and totally cougars . rawrr . 
overslept and missed two classes this morning . Luckily both of the classes were just reviewing for exams coming up on Tuesday . Blah . I hate oversleeping . 
feels inadequate looking at other people's profiles with their vast amounts of photos and such . Trying to decide if I am just not very photogenic or maybe I just don't take many pictures . Is it sad that I have never owned a camera in my life ? 
no money and nothing to do on a Friday . boo . 
The form , meaning , and function of negation in English grammar . What an exciting way to spend my Friday night . Party animal ! Woot ! 
decided to give up on grammar for the evening . Never will I not go downtown tonight . haha . Thank you < PROPFIRST > Lowth and your likening english grammar to mathematics . You get the point . Delicious drinks , here I come . 
This negation presentation is kicking my arse . I Think it is about time to give it up for the evening and enjoy some football with a couple cold ones . 
This negation presentation is almost complete . Woot ! Normally , I wouldn't put so much work into a presentation , but I really want to go to Korea next summer , and if that means I have to wow my professor , then I intend on wowing . 
Has no idea why I am still awake . I suppose this will be another involuntary all nighter . Its almost time to brew up some coffee . This best part of wakin ' up ... without the bother of the whole going to sleep . Woot . 
Why doesn't Facebook have a \dislike\ " button ? Cross-Stitching at 7 a.m. woot woot . I don't believe I'll be hemming any pants anytime soon . ha " 
It's Thursday . You know what's up . Roadhouse tonight . Do it . You know you wanna . On the prowl for my < PROPFEMALE > . woot ! 
The beginning of my nothing to do holiday . woot . Freetime till Wednesday . Whats up ? Let's < PROPFEMALE > . 
bored 
R . < PROPFIRST > Ermey is totally b.a. 
wants a < PROPFEMALE > to call his own . : D 
Bleh . 
woke up at 8 this morning for no reason at all . Looks like my coffee intake is going to be super high today . haha . Nothing to do again today . I am the Prime Minister of lameness . woot ! 
Cigarettes and Coffee . Part of my balanced diet . hahaha . mmmmm breakfast . 
< PROPFIRST > Swindell 
Anyone interested in joining < PROPFEMALE > Joy Gill and myself along with our big talking dog and sweet < PROPFIRST > while we solve mysteries ? You shall not regret your choice , unless you choose not to become a meddling kid . Don't miss out . 
Workin ' on my third pot of coffee for the day . If I had the money , I would've switched over to beer by now , but since I don't , guess I'm stickin ' with the coffee . Tastes delicious . Anyone doing anything tonight ? I'm bored outta my mind !! 
coffee overload I am sure . Its pretty sad that I am looking forward to class tomorrow , being that I have been bored outta my mind for the past few days , at last , something to do . Even if it is sewing , I am ready to sew sew sew ... soooo yeah . 
my head won't stop pounding . I should proably stop shoveling so much knowledge in it . Cut it out < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Just literally laughed out loud because of someone's explanation of citation and grammar . I am such a freakin ' English nerd . I need a life . Seriously . 
\I'm a loser baby . So why don't you kill me ? '" 
Should probably go to sleep now , but it is impossible . I have had too much coffee for the day . Maybe a hot shower and some tylenol PMs and I can call it a night . 
Goodnight FB , and thanks < PROPFEMALE > Joy Gill for your fountain of knowledge . :) 
HUNGRY ! Last day of rest before a busy day tomorrow . Bleh . 
We're going to have to leave it there ... 
likes doing homework ... in bed . 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Baggett for getting me sticky and sweaty . Now I must shower again . ;) 
Thinkin ' about giving myself a mohawk , or maybe even an iron cross . Haven't decided yet . Something will be done tonight with my head , of this I am sure . Any thoughts ? 
Should be doing work , but I find myself starring at my computer screen . 
Gives up on homework for the night . About to go mohawk it up . Pictures up when I'm done . Hope everyone's having a great night . Woot ! 
I have no idea why I am still awake . :( 
No Roadhouse tonight , just my house and my bed . Goodnight FB . 
Standin ' on a street corner all freakin ' day . Still not sure what purpose I am serving . I think someone is trying to punish me for something . I'll be on 9 and Broadway this morning , moving to 10 and Broadway this afternoon . Come holler at me . 
Cheesesteak omlet = delicious Hashbrowns = complete failure At least I tried . Now to finish my coffee , hop in the shower , and get ready for some adult beverages and full contact sports . Woot for Saturdays ! 
I'm tired of the grind , too . I wanna smell like a vault . 
thinks I have forgotten what a cudd < PROPFEMALE > , snugg < PROPFEMALE > , or any other - < PROPFEMALE > feels like . \It is always easy when the who < PROPFEMALE > world fits inside of your arms . \"" 
pooh ! 
Townhouse Flipside cheddar flavored pretzel crackers = best idea ever . It is a pretzel , and a cracker ! Cheddar flavored . mmmmmm 
just got my headshot back , and it is frightful . haha . Funny how a month can change things . 
Just realized that I have over 100 credit hours to complete in order to get my degree in Theatre Education and my english minor with TESOL certificate and that will probably take me another 3 years from this point . If only I had known what I wanted to do at CVCC I probably wouldn't be in this position . I just hope the money doesn't run out . That's really my only concern . Blah 
ever wanna talk to someone , but was too affraid to because you thought they might think you were a total creep or something ? I hate that . It is a blah night . 
Just found out I should be starting my new job this Saturday at Picasso's Pizza . Woot for finally having some money coming in again . 
Needs to make a big change ... 
Learning how to survive a nuclear fallout = not suckish 
Coffee , NCIS , The Ultimate Fighter , and studying for a Biology Exam . I really need to get back on my herbal supplements . = I 
New to USA NCIS . Best news of the night . :) 
Emphasize the text ?! Structuralists , Post-Structuralists , and Deconstructionists , I hate your school of thought and method of literary analysis . Let's keep criticisim new , or put emphasis on something else . Thanks . 
Who cuts your hair , and why are they so angry with you ? 
If you love someone , let them go . If they don't come back , then it was never meant to be . But if they do come back , you should probably shoot them in the head because they're a zombie ... Goodnight FB 
< PROPMALE > Cottonmouths hockey tonight ! Season opener no less . You can't beat free . Followed by a little party action , you know how we do . If you see me , and you know me , come talk to me , you'll enjoy what follows ... :) 
Gotta renew the hawk . 
Fresh shave , smooth as a baby's bottom . Feels nice . 
Well tonight was a complete waste of make-up ...... and clean clothes . 
A lil Alabama football , then my first night at my new job . It's about time I start gettin ' some money coming in again . Picassos , you know the place . Do it . 
Has gotten into the profession of always wanting what I can never have . In my opinion , everything tastes/looks/smells/sounds/feels better when it isn't yours . 
Yeah , it's 6am and I just got home from work . At least I'm gettin paid . I'm in the mood for a forbidden fruit salad .... 
Work at 6 tonight . Someone come to Picassos and see me . :) Still thinkin ' about that forbidden fruit salad . =/ 
Should be asleep , or at least writing out my 3 year plan . blah . 
damnit FB ! I do NOT want to become a fan of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is in the bed , and not the club . Self control won out this evening . Go me . 
Arts and crafts time ! yay ! 
There's nothing better than cutting into a fresh , crispy piece of construction paper ... 
Drove home from work , and saw not one single car on the road . Ridiculous . I hate having someone on my mind , especially when I know I shouldn't . Maybe it's time I just give it up . Time to turn in , day of rest tomorrow , sweet . G'nite FB 
< PROPMALE > Millan , you are awesome . I wanna be a pack leader . 
Had a very interesting night . Jager bombs are always popular . Watching Pumpkin Head : Blood Feud . < PROPMALE > Henriksen made the movie , but , how do you bring him back as a ghost ? Disappointing . Halloween tomorrow , and I'll be at Picassos all night . Some people should come see me . You know who you are ... 
Woke up about ... 30 minutes ago . Slept like a baby , which is a good thing , considering I will be at Picassos all night tonight . I think it is funny that I've noticed quite a few gentlemen using Halloween as an excuse to dress like women .... women of loose morals , no less . Why is it when guys dress up like women , they never dress like a business woman , or an old woman ? 
If you can count on someone to flake out , does that make them a flake , or someone you can count on ? haha < PROPFEMALE > Jones 
Thanks to Daylight Savings Time , I had to work an extra hour . It was fun watching all the drunkards downtown , first Halloween sober in quite some time , haha . Costumes keep getting smaller , I'm waiting for the nudists to come out next year , jeeez . Sleep awaits me , football and cold beer all day tomorrow ... nice . G'nite FB 
Hey < PROPFIRST > Davila , < PROPMALE > Young , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Wolfgang , Stevi Earwood , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Hill , < PROPMALE > Fenimore : Do we have anything to turn in for First Year Sem tomorrow ? Thanks . :) 
Is not feelin ' today ... blah 
Has a terrible , no good , very bad head ache . Blah . Tylenol PMs and bed here I come . 
So yes , today is my birthday , and I managed to sleep through all my classes today . I almost feel bad , almost . The party started last night , and shall last til Sunday . Hope to see plenty of friendly and beautiful faces out this weekend . I do except drinks , gift , and gropes of all kinds . We can party together ! :) 
To : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , you are the best ! Thanks for last night . You know you're one of my bestests . I Love you !! Round Three Tonight . :) 
Fear the Bearded ... 
Is trying to get stuff done . Blah for the rain . Hooray for ponchos ! 
Loves putting off doing homework . Looks like I'll be up til at least 6 this morning , so I can register for classes . Damn you theatre freshmen ! Not really , but it does suck . Oh well . Meeting at the Springer friday to see about doing work . Time for some serious change around here . < PROPFEMALE > Jones , I <3 your motivation . :) 
Signed up for classes , taking all 19 credit hours next semester . Pretty busy schedule , but I hope to get more involved next semester . Big things are a'comin ' . Hope everyone has a wonderful morning . 
Oh Darrius Rucker , why did you have to leave Hootie and the Blowfish ? 
Is absolutely in love with my Ipod Touch . I have no idea how I got along without it for all this time . 
Dunno what I'm going to make of this day . Gotta work tonight , still plenty of time to get into some mischief . Too bad I spent most of my money last night . blah . You ! We should < PROPFEMALE > out , and soon . Let's make it happen . :) 
breakfast in bed . what a treat . too bad you weren't here . Good morning Everyone ! It's such a beautiful day today , and I am in an unusually chipper mood today . Go figure . 
Just woke from a nice night time nap . Yep , a nap , not sleep , considering I woke up at 5:30 this afternoon . Now to prepare for my monday . It should be reather exceptional , at least that's what I'm going for . Goodmorning FB ! 
woke up feeling rather spectacular today . It shall be a good day . I'm totally chipper . 
\Why don't you stay here with us in this fantasy ass fantasy land ? \"" 
I think I went to sleep at like 6:30 last night ? Not sure . I know I woke up at 11 , thinking it was 11am and was aboutt og et ready when I realized it was 11pm , so I went back to sleep . Now , here I am , I woke up at 5:30 am . Pretty ridiculous . Feeling pretty good however , it shall be a wonderful day . Let's all be chipper ! :) 
Has had these 3 disposable cameras for ... years . Not even sure how many years at this point . But I have decided that today is the day that I shall take them to get them all developed and see what is on them . I am super curious . It's like going back in time , if I find anything interesting , I'll post it . < PROPFEMALE > Jones and < PROPFEMALE > Bowens I think at least one is from prom ... maybe my < PROPMALE > prom ? 
has become used to being discarded . Today just feels like a crap day . I've gotta get some homework done , and I need to find something worth fighting for ... 
I think at this point , I hate poetry , and the analysis of it , and writing papers on it . Damn you poststructuralists , feminists , and queer theorists . Blah . Mid December can't come fast enough . Sadly , spending another holiday season alone will still be better than this semester has been , it seems . I'm in a rutt , and I don't like it . :( 
Ever read something that made you wanna vomit ? I just did . bleck . I am now reading poetry and watching the Antiques Roadshow . What a wonderful day . ha . Wednesday can't come fast enough ... 
This poetry analysis finally seems to be coming together , only after I think I've read a majority of the poems contained in The Norton Introduction to Poetry . I've learned something about myself in the process , poetry over a < PROPFEMALE > long , cannot contain my interests . Post Colonialism thank you for saving me . 
Is trapped at my house without water and has no way of leaving at the moment , unless I walked through the woods for a ways , and then walked to where ever it is I might want to go , or if someone came and picked me up . Our dead end road was apparently collapsing , and now they must fix it , trapping everyone on our side of the road . Ridiculous day . 
is salivating uncontrollably at the moment , for some reason or another . 
is a dirty little secret . :) 
I'm one of those guys that doesn't sell back his college text books . Does that make me weird ? On another note , < PROPMALE > Matthews Band makes excellent paper writing music , slowly moving forward . We've all got our own dirty little secrets . :) 
I can breathe now . RTR ! 
thinks that I wanna learn how to play the guitar . 
is cold , tired , lonely , and has a secret to tell . And I must say , it is a very amazing and wonderful secret . If I knew of a roof top , I'd love to do a little shouting .... <3 
\I don't wanna hear you say say say say say say it ... \"" 
Say what you mean , and mean what you say . And what you say better be worth enough to cover the silence that you broke . Because silence is < PROPFEMALE > , and hearing nothing at all can quite often be better than hearing everything there is . Ignorance is bliss and normally painfree . Once you give those words away , you can never have them back . 
1 amazing week out of 52 isn't that bad of odds for me . The pain in my chest is very familar one ... and it's not heartburn . 
I've been asked why I drink so much , I've realized , it's to fill this void in my chest . It's been so long , I think I've forgotten what used to be there in the first place . Jager and beer are flowing through my veins , sublimation at its finest . 
It feels good to be lied to ... because the truth hurts . 
wine and homework . a more wonderful combo there has never been ... 
Had a wonderful night last night . I think I'll be watching musicals regularly before I know it . haha . I blame it on the company I keep . I <3 my secret delicious friend ! ;) 
Is wide awake and it's not even 7am yet . Oh well . Spent most of my day yesterday napping , and it was fabulous ! Guess I'll be hanging out until it's time to go take my last final of the semester . Just realized how broke I was , makes me sad ... oh well . 
Yay for reward points ! Last final of the semester coming up quickly . Ready to get it over with . \My words pour ... like children to the playground ... children to the playground . You make me smile . \ " :) " 
FINALLY done for the semester ! YAY !! Overall , I'm thinking my grades are going to look pretty good for this semester . Got my term paper back from Norwood , and I did pretty well on it . As I figured , he's a pretty harsh grader , but it's all over now . Yay for relaxation , too bad I don't have any money . :-| 
Really wishes my professors would post my grades already ! The anticipation is killing me . < PROPFIRST > Pan tonight , 7:30 , do it ! Followed by the Roadhouse with The Unsung and Stereomonster . Freakin ' do it ! Come join me , buy me a beer . :) 
Feels like everyone has their grades but me , I'm about to go crazy !! On a positive note , spent another lovely night with a beautiful lady , doesn't get much better than that . < PROPFIRST > Pan tonight at Springer Opera House at 7:30 followed by some shamelessness at NO SHAME THEATER perhaps ? It'll be a good day , despite the rain . Woot ! 
Finally got my grades !! Yay ! Did rather well , I'm pretty excited about it . One disappointing grade in Intro to Poetry , lost a letter grade because I missed too many classes , super lame , other than that , super sweet ! No more core classes ever ! Now on to only theatre , education , and linguistic courses , my passion is good and my education will only get better ! :) 
< PROPFIRST > Pan tonight ! Followed by a little work at Picasso Pizza . Everyone who's anyone will be there , and buy me a drink . Yay for 24 hour days and being up for all of ' em !! Waitin ' for my treat tomorrow night . ;) 
I don't remember falling asleep and have no idea why I'm up right now . Waiting for a text from someone special , feel like it's been forever . :-| 
just cooked some of the most delicious burgers ever ! It's kinda sad though , cooking for one . I miss cooking for all my friends . I'm a lot like my < PROPFEMALE > in the sense that I like to show my love through food and cooking . Nothing says \I love you\ " more than than a scrumptious home cooked meal sometimes . :) " 
It's amazing what a fresh shave can do to one's day . I'm feeling fabulous . Getting ready for PAN ! Only two more shows , oh no ! :) 
PAN IS OVER !!! Woot ! Can't believe I'm about to go out to the stores today , but this time , it's totally not my fault . I got mine taken care of yesterday . Haha . Hope everyone is having a wonderful day . Maybe the chick with the cane can defend me , too bad we still can't use the handicapped parking . Oh well . <3 
Well beerpong was an excellent idea . Feeling surprisingly chipper this afternoon , gotta try and clean up a bit and find new homes for my new stuff and get up a collection of stuff to take to Goodwill . I'm thinkin ' about you ... yea ... YOU ! Picasso Pizza tonight , do it , you know you wanna come see me ! :) 
\There's no such thing as a projector phone . \ " \ " Tada\ " \ " What ? \ " \ " The man said ' Tada'\ "" 
Needs motivation to start cleaning ..... blah . 
Damn you illness ! Your existence right now is completely unacceptable . I require that you exit the premises immediately , before you inhibit my snuggle time any further ! BOO ! 
BORED !! Someone entertain me !! I want something to do damnit ! 
Learned today , why it's never a good idea to < PROPFEMALE > family members money . Oh well , live and you learn I suppose . Hope everyone is having a wonderful day . Hopefully with me well wishing and use of my wishing well my wish can come true today .... we'll have to wait and see . ;) 
Yay for Tuesdays ! ha . 
If only being awesome was a paying gig , I'd be freakin ' rollin ' in dough . Too bad really . Looks like I'm going to have to find a real paying gig doing work I probably don't wanna do . Oh well . Great night last night , let's see if we can have a redeux tonight . :) 
Yeah , I drink coffee with my lunch , so what ? 
Twilight Zone marathon ? Super Sweet !! It's getting about that time to kick ' 09 in the can and bring in 2010 with a much better sense of the man I wanna be , and what I've gotta do to be it . All in all , 2009 wasn't all that bad . 2010 shall be so much better . :) 
Well it's about that time . If I don't see you guys for the rest of 2009 , good afternoon , good evening , goodnight , and have a safe and happy freakin ' new year !! 2010 ... here I come ! :) 
Technological hiatus . 
is awkward . 
Just realized last night that class starts back in ONE WEEK . Holy Crap ! Oh well , I'm totally ready for it , despite the fact that I'm broke as a joke and have no idea how I'm going to pay for books this semester . We'll see how things work out I suppose . Still having a wonderful day , another night with a beautiful lady ! yay ! :) 
Cookin ' dinner for one .... again . Steak , baked potato , and some delicious green beans . Maybe one night I'll cook for two . We'll see . 
Had a very wonderful night with a very lovely lady . Time to snack out and then hit the sack , constructin ' some props bright and early in the morning . Woot for < PROPFEMALE > B . Jones ! ha . G'nite FB 
Gonna miss hangin ' out with my sexy witch tonight . :( On the bright side , a little college football does the body good . I'm tired of hearing about hookers , ROLL TIDE ! 
Gotta feel bad for Colt , < PROPMALE > did a great job for a freshman ... regardless .... ROLL TIDE ROLL ! National Champs ! Woot ! Now to get some sleep so I can build and paint some stuff for ole < PROPFEMALE > B . Jones , a little theatre convo , then an evening with my sexy witch ;) . G'night FB ! 
\Call me < PROPFIRST > Byrd from the way I'm droppin ' Hamiltons . \ " :D . G'nite . " 
If this whole school and theatre or teacher thing doesn't work out , I think I'm going to become a logger . I mean , I already have the mouth and the wardrobe for it , I figure that's half the battle . :D 
K-Mart feet ..... that sh*t ain't cute . But I'll still rub ' em . Gimme your tippy toes ! Classes start back tomorrow , yay for not so much free time . G'nite FB ! 
Strawberry muffin ... delicious . :D 
A wonderful night with a beautiful woman is a good way to ensure a wonderful day . I'm feeling fabulous ! Yay for school and homework and presentations already !! :D 
So , Friday night spent drinking coffee , watching the History channel , and working on my World History homework . Wow , I think growing up is quite boring . Oh well , not a bad night , just missin ' a certain beautiful lady . Back to an exciting night of reading ! 
\No opinion is worth burning your neighbor for ... \ " -Voltaire " 
Glad she likes ' em a little doughy in the middle . :) 
Somehow I find myself enthralled in my Linguistics text book . It's a rather interesting read , despite the highly technical nature of it . hmmm . We'll see . I'm hungry . We'll have to wait and see what's for lunch . mmmm . Missin ' my M.I.L.L.O. ( mom I like to love on ) ;^D 
There's a M.I.L.L.O. on my pillow , and I like it . :) 
Voluntarily sleeping on the floor = <3 It couldn't be anything else , because I know of no other reason I would give up the comfort of a bed , let alone , my bed , or even a couch for that matter . Oh well . Apparently , I serve as an excellent trampoline to a almost 2 year old , slept right through it . Ha . Homework ... Yay ! 
3 little words make a journey . I'm packed and ready to go ! :) <3 
I'm a velociraptor ! I will eat you !!! : ^E 
With a sick truck , I am learning to love the shuttle even more . I especially enjoy hitchin ' a ride with a sexy lady , what a great way to start a day . Too bad that won't be the case tomorrow . Tomorrow night won't get here fast enough !!! 
Anyone know where I can find a trained bear ? Preferrably , one that works well with children . 
The Secret Life of an American Teen and Make it or Break it are much better seen when in the company of a wonderful and beautiful woman rubbin ' on your tosies . :D Apparently this will be every a Monday thing now ... I'm ok with that . ;-) 
If it feels good ... do it . If it feels great ... and makes you happier than you've ever been ... keep on doing it and don't let anything stop you . :) 
\I'm going to go out with a BANG ! \"" 
Yes , homework is the opposite of sex . 
Lover+Snow+Wild Turkey+Friends = Wonderful Evening ! 
I'm not good at games . Boo ! 
\You just can't look bad ass pulling your pants up . \"" 
\Do rattlesnakes kiss carefully ? \ " ( it's rhetorical btw ) " 
PUT YOUR PANTS ON !! 
Creative Dramatics midterm in 3 hours . I'm not ready ! We'll see how it goes . Catch ya later FB ! 
Creative Dramatics was not as bad as I thought . I let everyone else in the class freak me out , worrying and such . I'm just that good . :D Now to finish up this exam for my stupid concepts of fitness class that I'll never have to do again after today , then some food , then some time with a sexy lady ! woot ! 
I'm free !! Partying today ... and maybe tomorrow . Followed by a week filled with homework , and a beautiful woman . :) 
Going to pick up some lunch , because < PROPFEMALE > Jones apparently missed school on the days they discussed sharing . Hmmmm .... what shall I eat ? We'll see . 
Intergrated lesson plans , and lesson plans in general are hard work . I'm starting to gain more appreciation for the hard work and time all of my teachers through out the years put into my education . Things are starting to come together , slowly , but nonetheless . Hope to fnish the lion's share of it today . Wish me luck ! 
Back with my beautiful , wonderful , and slightly hairy girlfriend . ;-D What a wonderful evening . The weekend is looking good . If you need me , you know where to find me . And if you don't know where to find me , then let's just keep it that way . Thanks . :D 
My mom has a tattoo that says \Son\ " . I am the most interesting man alive . Thanks . " 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Snyder is making babies in the computer lab . Woot ! 
Integrated lesson plan , lesson plans for 6 days of teaching a kindergarten class , a detailed write up of a story dramatization , taught to the entire class , an essay and a presentation on the speech relations between southern blacks and whites and decreolization ... All within the next 4 days . I'm about to lose my head . Sexy lady countdown begins ..... RIGHT NOW ! 
Government Integrated Lesson Plan !! ya !! Followed by polishing off my lesson plan for teaching kindergarteners . Frightening !! Hopefully this day will redeem itself once I see my <3 .... We'll see . Smile , it looks good on you . :-) 
Doin ' work ! After tomorrow , the only things I'll have to worry about are finals and my resource file . Super excited ! :-D Also , sidenote , I'm in love with the most amazingly wonderful woman in the world , you should be jealous <3 . Smile , it looks good on you . :) 
I am pompadoreable . :-) 
Finds it humorous that everyone I have seen or talked to today has talked about how terrible the pollen is , and how it is making them feel awful , with headaches , and sneezes , and whatever comes along with allergies . I am fortunate enough to not have these allergies , as I feel fabulous . I've got those good genes ! :-) Sadly ... I am allergic to < PROPFEMALE > rabbits ... but that is all ... not < PROPFEMALE > Jones though . ;-D 
I am in luck , in a great mood , in good time , in your face , in focus , enthused , in place , and most importantly in love with the most beautiful amazin woman ever . It's a good day . :-) smile , it looks good on you . 
Of all the things I've done , I think bein in charge of a classroom full of kindergarteners frightens me the most . Wish me luck . At least it isn't for the whole day ! : -0 
So the kindergarteners weren't too terribly bad . It was still quite frightening . Now that first day jitters are out of the way , the next 2 and a half weeks shouldn't be too bad . Still not to sure about this whole ordeal . Sadly it's 1/5 of my entire grade ... :-/ ( sidenote : seeing my baby tonight ... woot ! ) 
The realization just hit me that I'll be going on three months before a free day . Meaning , a day that doesn't have any work or school . No wonder I'm staring to feel so tired and lonely ... I miss my lover ... :-/ hopefully it'll all be worth it in the end . Smile , it looks good on you . 
Tomorrow : class , Picking up my scholarship check , working on my resource file , picking up my new glasses AND prescription shades , and finally spending some time awake with the most beautiful amazing woman I know . It should be a good day . 
How I manage to seemingly fall more in love with you as each day goes by is a mystery to me . One that I hope to spend the rest of my life solving ... :-) Smile , it looks good on you . 
Madly in love ... life is good . Goodnight fb ! 
Blue October , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , coffee , Marlboro menthols , and my resource file ... I'll sleep when I don't have to look at this thing again without it having a grade on it . 90% done ... c'mon last 10% !! 
Ate too many brownies ... terrible tummy ache !! 2pm tomorrow won't get here fast enough !! 
DONE WITH MY RESOURCE FILE !!!! Or as I'd like to call it , as done as I'm gonna be . :-D I can breathe a sigh of relief , at least for tonight . It feels good , real good . The end is near and in sight , and I'm looking forward to it ... 
If only I were < PROPMALE > , I wouldn't have to work all weekend every weekend , and if only I wasn't such an over achiever I wouldn't have to spend so much time doing school work ... Missin ' my sexy lady . :-/ hopefully this break will get here very soon ... 
I think sometimes I try too hard ... 
I am restricting myself from FB until I finish what I have planned on finishing for this evening . Wish me luck !! 
Lovin ' some crispy vanilla wafers and coffee ... almost done with one paper , then to update my portfolio for my < PROPMALE > profeciency on Tuesday . The end is near ... I can taste it !! 
resume and portfolio ... finished . makeup worksheet ... done . character/makeup analysis and sociolinguistics final still to go , I'm gettin ' ready to cross that finish line , and it feels FABULOUS !! 
Meeting with < PROPFEMALE > today for my < PROPMALE > proficiency and going over my portfolio and resume as it stands today , then one more paper , one more makeup lab , and one final , and then I get to enjoy a week off , until Maymester starts . I'm feelin ' pretty good about it . Can't wait to be able to spend some quality time with the love of my life < PROPFEMALE > Jones . :-) WOOT ! 
So I have a sombrero , and a willingness and want to injest mulitple cervezas and/or margaritas , but I also have a paper to write . I'm really hoping to complete it within the next two hours , but to do so , I must leave FB alone , so until then ... adios ! 
Taking my final final of this semester ... yay !! Work afterwards , off tomorrow , gonna spend the day with some of my favorite moms . Then starting my week at Veterans Memorial Middle School . One more month then it's a vacation for real !! :-D 
Another day at the middle school , forgot how crazy middle schoolers were ... hard to believe I was once where they are . haha . Teacher gossip is a funny thing , I've been privy to some juicy bits , mainly just because I'm an insignificant orbserving college student . It's still hilarious though . Some time with a beautiful lady tonight ... yeah ... I'm stoked ... and you should be jealous . :-) Smile , it looks good on you . 
As proof to the constant changing nature of all things ... \No one can step into the same river twice . \ " - Heraclitus Now I'll let you all noodle that one over . Hooray for being able to read for fun again !! :-) " 
So I just discovered how to look at my grades other thank looking at final grades , 6 A's and 1 B ( freakin ' stage makeup !! ) In any case , I'm feelin ' pretty stoked . I feel that this calls for a delicious adult beverage this evening . That'll happen once I finish gettin ' my room together ... who knows when that'll be . Oh well . Things are lookin ' good ! 
Suffered the repercussions today from celebrating my good grades last night ... Finishing up my hours at VMMS tomorrow , followed by workin ' all weekend , then back to class on Monday ... yay ! :-/ Missing my beautiful girlfriend ... hopefully she'll feel better soon , I'm feeling quite lonely today ... 
All these people going to the beach , river , lake , any sorta body of water ... enjoying a little vacation ... I'm jealous . Today's as close to a vacation I've had in a long time , which involves sitting around til work tonight . Korea's only 2 months away ... I'm super stoked !! 
It becomes frustrating when the only person you wanna talk , pretty much ever , seems to be the hardest person to reach . Only < PROPMALE > away , and sometimes it seems like lightyears ... slightly bummed out :-/ 
Going home , sleepin ' , and gettin ' ready for class in the morning . I really hope the next 3 weeks fly by , so I can get down to the business of lovin ' on the most wonderfully amazing girl in the world * fingerscrossed * Smile , it looks good on you :-) 
Done with my SPED observation journal and paper , now to shower and go to class . Followed by picking up my check and possibly enjoying some delicious adult beverages , as well as basking in the fact that I have NOTHING TO DO TOMORROW !!! First time since February . Go me ! Hopefully I'll be able to spend that free time with the most beautiful amazing and wonderful girl in the world , < PROPFEMALE > Jones :-) 
So last night I had every intention of gettin ' slightly inebriated drinkin ' beer , instead I end up home and in bed by 9:30 with a stomach ache from eating too much ice cream . Not sure what has happened to me or when I became such a square . Oh well . Lookin ' forward to seein ' the sexiest woman I know today :-) Smile , it looks good on you . 
Shower , dinner , hopefully a little time with the love of my life , followed by a night filled with work . It's gonna be a good night ... it's gonna be a good night ... it's gonna be a good night . Hopefully if I keep telling myself that it'll be true . Picasso tonight , friends come see me , just don't eat ... less work for me . 
Well today is off to a rip roarin ' start . I should still be asleep ... but some messages received can make that a hard thing to manage . You'd figured I'd have learned by now ... some things will never be easy ... my life for example . Hope to see the most wonderful girl I know in a few , hopefully that'll improve today's outlook . 
In love ... and it's marvelous ! Lookin ' forward to fannin ' the flames some more tomorrow :-) Smile , it looks good on you . 
Gettin ' ready for class , found out last night I have a little knack for upholstry . Maybe I'll dabble a little more . We'll see . Finally Picasso Pizza is almost done ! Now hopefully I can spend some time with my beautiful gurlfran who I miss terribly !! 
\Prior planning prevents piss poor performance . \"" 
Missing my lover ... looks like it'll be an early night . Haven't had one of those in while . Ha . G'nite FB ! 
You never appreciate your stove until it's broken . Everything we have to eat here must be cooked using a stovetop or oven , and ours is broke . So I'm sittin ' here hungry , surrounded by food . That totally isn't cool . Hopefully eatin ' , then seein ' my hunny bunni :-D , then a nice night at work is what's instore for me . We'll see ... 
It's very possible that I'll be getting a puppy soon ... I'm excited ! 
Might do comedy night tonight ? Idaknow . Don't feel like being held up in this house for another night ... but I don't wanna go out alone . I'm really starting to hate this pattern of behavior . Sadly it seems , without class my life is pretty boring . Lame ! 
Doesn't want tonight to come ... but it'll be here soon enough . I hate my head sometimes . Hopefully this is all for the best ... \the road to hell is paved with good intentions ... \"" 
The thought of leaving the country for a few weeks is beginning to look more and more appealing . I need a break from real life , and I'm in dire need of a vacation . South Korea won't get here fast enough . First meeting and orientation tomorrow ... bring it . 
So five priests walk into Picasso Pizza ... 
I don't know who I am , or where I'm going anymore . Luckily I have a passport and a plane ticket that'll sort out those problems , at least for a few weeks ... 
Did some things and some stuff today . All and all , it was a pretty good day . I'm not gonna be stressed out . By now , I should be pretty good at this ... I'm growing a mane , and it's ferocious . Smile , It looks good on you . :-D 
It's better to be a fleeting memory than a thorn in your side ... it's always for the best . Smile , it looks good on you . :-D 
Oh I will be seeing more of you mr. swinging futon ! What an awesome idea ! Time to get some sleep , tomorrow is my last scheduled day of work until I get back from S . Korea , let's make it a good one !! If it hurts , you're doing it wrong !! :-D 
Why does high gravity always tingle more ? Hmmm ... 
I'm a lion , and I'm ferocious ! 
Is tired of things never coming together , tired of never seeing things through , tired of never finishing what I started . For once , I want to see something through to the end , and my time is drawing nigh . 
Why hello disappointment , no need for introductions , we've met before ... 
\It can't rain all the time ... \ " 12 more days ! " 
Is really starting to hate this mood I constantly find myself in ... I really need a big change ... soon ... preferably , before I explode . 
I really hope tomorrow will be a better day ... matter of fact , I'm counting on it . Don't worry , I'm gentle , besides , I play a doctor on tv . :-D ... 11 more days ! 
< PROPMALE > Texas Ranger marathon on Spike ... don't mind if I do . It's gonna be a good day . 11 more days ! 
< PROPMALE > , Texas Ranger and NCIS marathons at the same time ?! Nice ! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Harmon for president and VP 2012 !! I'm writtin ' in my candidates this go around . :-D 
Stereomonster and the Unsung return to the Roadhouse ?! I'll be there , PBR in hand . If you're not there , you might as well be dead !! 
A saturday nightt spent with 2 rambunctious puppies ... not my idea of a normal saturday night , but it sure as hell is waaayyy cheaper . haha . I should probably catch up on my rest , the next week shall be busy , preparing to leave the country and all ... 6 more days ! 
13 hours of work ... at least this will be my last day for a month . Ha . A couple classes this week , then gearing up for S . Korea ! 5 more days ! 
Puppies , English language instruction texts , wormholes , and < PROPFIRST > Freeman ... what has my life become ? Very busy next 3 days , and I need some sleep ! ... 3 more days ! 
And how , here's something you'll really enjoy ! 
On the way to Atl airport . In less than 7 hours I'll be on my first plane ever , flying half way around the world to S . Korea . Kinda freakin'!! 
Through security , sittin ' in the designated smokin ' area staring at this huge plane I'm about to get out . Oddly , I'm pretty calm at this point ... 
I'm safely in Busan , S . Korea ! Today is my second day teaching , and it's a blast ! If only it weren't so hot ! Sorry no pictures as of now , I just got to a computer ! Hope every one's gettin ' by without me ! I miss you all , and I'll be back soon , more updates to come ! Smile , it looks good on you ! :-) 
At it again today , speeding english to little summer campers . First subway experience last night as we roamed the city . There are many sights to see for sure . Many pictures to come ! 
Teaching again , yay for English ! Went out on the town last night , having a great time . Some awesome pics to come ! Hope you all are missing me ! 
Trip to the world's largest mall this afternoon ? I think so ! And yes , you should be jealous . 
Uploaded a few pictures , in between classes right now on a break . Having a blast , going out partying tonight , maybe some kareoke ? Then I think we're going to tour the town some and < PROPFEMALE > out by the beach . Coolest thing so far ? Drinking beer on the streets ! Ha , I'm a man of simple pleasures . Miss you all !! 
I'm alive ! Back to another day of teaching , yay ! Did some sight seeing yesterday with the kids , ridiculous , it's hard to enjoy it when you have 200+ running rambunctious children . ha . I miss everyone ! I'll put up more pictures some time . In the mean time ... yogurt shooter with a beer chaser ! woo ! 
Starting to get a little tired , these long days and teaching all of these crazy kids is very exhausting !! I am however considering staying another week , and this time actually getting paid for it , depends on whether or not the school meets our demands , we shall see ! Hope everyone's well ! Miss you all ! S . Korea still isn't ready ! hahaha 
Korean bars are where it's at ! Last night was a good night , slightly paying for it today , the kids are just going to have to deal , naptime might be coming up real soon ! haha . Gonna make it an easrly night tonight , well , back to another class of kids ! I miss everyone ! I'm partying for all of us !! 
Just spent the past 4 hours walking around shopping in the open market . Quite fun , but my dogs are barkin'! At least I got most of my shopping done , now I can relax for the last week and a day . ha . 2nd summer camp starts tomorrow ! Yay for ESOL ! 
Went to a club called Foxy , with some of our group and some of the teachers from BGV , had a blast ! These Koreans know how to party ! Even though they don't really know how to dance , had to drop some knowledge on some of ' em . ha . Half day tomorrow , followed by some museum action , then a beach party !! Yeah , you're jealous , I understand ... 
Day off ? Don't mind if I do ! Some museum action , followed by some beach shananigans ? Oh yes please ! 
Well other than dinner ... tonight was a complete waste of time , I knew I should've stuck with my gut instinct , you live and you learn . I'm in a bad mood and wish I was home right now ... oh well . Time for bed , at least there's no teaching tomorrow ... 
I'm pretty sure that I really do not like Mega Mart , it's like the Walmart of Busan apparently , but it's ridiculous . < PROPMALE > out outside for the last few hours of my day , now getting ready for bed and for a brand new camp with brand new kids tomorrow ... yay ! :-/ 
Tomorrow my friends ... will be my last full day in Korea . We begin our journey back home at 4am Saturday here , which will be 3pm Friday where most of you are . I must say , I'm pretty excited to be going home ... but I'll miss Korea , I'll be back for sure ! 
I'm home safe and some back in the good ole US of A ! I miss Korea already though ... oh well . Now to finish up homework and such , and prepare for school starting back on Monday , hopefully fitting in some work and play too , it's gonna be a busy one !! 
Almost done with journals from our trip , then off to lesson plans and my teaching philosophy , finally putting it all together in my portfolio , and I will be done , hopefully this will be completed today ... here's hoping ! 
Journals ... done . Lesson Plans ... done . Resume ... done . I'm getting there ! Now if only I can finish the rest of my work today , I could enjoy the next 2 days before I dive back into work and then class on Monday ... ahhh ! I think I can ... I think I can ! I wish I was back in Korea ! 
I'm not sure how I feel about this whole having only a part of my leg smoothly shaven , without there being any new ink added ... thanks a lot < PROPFIRST > Cotney 
My teaching philosophy ... you are going down !! Followed by a little party time tonight ... Players ... Roadhouse ... House Party ... I'll be there ! 
May\ 
the best ye've ever seen\ 
Be the warst ye'll ever see . \ 
May the moose ne'er < PROPFEMALE>' < PROPFEMALE > aumrie\ 
Wi ' a tear-drap in his e'e . \ 
May ye aye keep hail an ' hertie\ 
Till ye're auld eneuch tae dee . \ 
May ye aye be jist as happy\ 
As we wiss ye noo tae be . 
Lost my phone somewhere last night ... so if you've tried to reach me ... sorry . Hopefully I'll find it soon , sucky thing is that I think it is probably dead ... soooo ... I guess I'm going to be scavenger hunting . 
Thank goodness for FB , so now instead of talking out problems and issues , one can just unfriend someone , and skip the whole communication middle man . Ha . 
First day of class tomorrow ... and it's time for change . I'm done carrying people , feelings , and things that aren't advantageous to me and my happiness . < PROPFEMALE > your own weight , and maybe you can keep up ... 
Cannot find motivation to finish my teaching philosophy right now ... bleh . Maybe some pong will fix this ? Here's hopin'! :-) What's the start of a new school year without a little procrastination ? 
I'm in the thick of it !! Woo ! 
Thanks < PROPMALE > Graver ! There's nothing I'd rather be doing bright and early Friday morning then working on a design project ! It's gonna be a good day ! ha . Bring on the rain tonight !! 
< PROPMALE > Young , < PROPFEMALE > Maggart , < PROPMALE > Carrier , < PROPFEMALE > Chatfield , Zach Tittel , Johno Bringmann : Question , Have you started your design project ? And if so , is it driving you to murder ? Also , any hints would be great , because mine is about to end in flames if it continues as it has been going ... 
Interesting statistic of the day : For every 100 single women in the U.S. , there are 88 single men . I suppose that means the odds are in our favor ?? ha 
Linga ' < PROPFEMALE > Aquarius ' , < PROPFEMALE > Burkhardt , Sharayah < PROPMALE > , Seon Jeon : Slide show competition for Study Abroad ... who wants to join up with me ? I've been told we need a group of at least 3 , and it will take care of all service hours needed , faculty members count ... let me know if you want to do it ! 
I miss having someone to talk to about my day ... It was long and lonely ... thanks for listening ... G'nite 
Joined the throngs of unemployed about 15 minutes ago , and it feels pretty good . 
So I'm in the market for new job opportunities ... anyone have any juicy prospects ? On another note ... I miss you , you should call me sometime ... yes ... you . Do it ! 
Shame on you . Where's the FYL.com? I've got a few stories for that one ... cause my life is grand . Thanks for your falsified concern . G'nite FB 
What to do for the next 3 hours until my next class ... hmmm .... 
I've got homework up to my eyeballs and two ... count it ... 2 broke down computers . Should be an interesting next couple of weeks . 
Pizza and beer ... the lunch of champions ! This homework will get done yet ! 
Needs someone to come out with me tonight , I wanna do some drinkin ' downtown . I need a P.I.C. Text it ! 
Is the newest employee of the RiverCenter ... sweet . 
I've got the magic ... in me . Magic ... magic ... magic . 
I'm done playing with silly girls , they don't play fair . 
Think I might shave my head tonight ... like smooth . I haven't decided for sure yet though . Any thoughts ? 
3 plays , a preproduction analysis , a presentation on language acquisition , and a white model ... and it's only Tuesday . It's gonna be a long week ... but brightside ... it'll also be a long weekend ! woo ! 
I'm thinkin ' mixx ultra lounge tonight . Who's with me ? Text it ! 
At 2:45 I'll be free for 4 days with minimal homework ! Woot ! Also , I have poison < PROPFEMALE > thanks to my puppies , and that's just no fun at all ! 
\Don't cost nothin ' to be a man of your word . \"" 
\What's a turnover ? \ " \ " That's when you steal the ball from the other team . \ " \ " Don't you go to hell for stealin' ? \ " \ " Not against Yankees -- it's in the Bible . \"" 
Single and lookin ' ... I've forgotten how this work ... damn . 
I wanna do something tonight ... go out or something , but apparently I have no P.I.C. Any suggestions ? Text me ! 
Let's party tonight ! Text me ! 
But seriously , let's < PROPFEMALE > out tonight . We can party ... Or something similar to ... Real talk . RTR ! 
homework ... might be a little difficult today ... 
Presenting on Interlanguage data in an hour and a half , followed by a night of creating my proscenium stage white model , bleh . At least after tonight , I'll be able to rest for a little . Goin ' on 1 1/2 hours of sleep right now , and there's still a ton of day left ! 
Women want me . Men want to be me . And animals want to learn how to talk so they can < PROPFEMALE > out with me . 
In describing a playwright's use of forwards : \what stripper does not know that the promise of nudity more excites an audience than does nudity itself ? \ " ... nice " 
Needs a job . Help ? :-/ 
Canceled on ... lame . Now to find something else to do ... any ideas ? We could party ?? :-) 
Doesn't wanna go out on the town solo another night ... and I don't wanna sit at home an do nothing . This sucks . 
Tonight , we should < PROPFEMALE > out . Yes , that means YOU . Text me :-) 
Swamp People does sound better than homework . Thanks History Channel . 
What's up tonight friends ? Let's < PROPFEMALE > out ! Hit me up ... real talk . 
Good night ... yeah . :-D 
I'm done wantin ' silly girls that don't want me . Want some ?... come get some . Otherwise , stay outta my face . 
49 colors down , 49 to go . This project is a pain in my butt , but I'm making progress . Now for some delicious adult beverages to celebrate progress . :-D hit me up , let's < PROPFEMALE > out . 
98 color project , done ! Booyah ! Now let's party . Phone's not working , might be going to get a new one today . Bam ! 
Good riddance . 
New phone , no numbers ... help me out ? Msg me those digits ! 
My battery in my truck is dead . Stuck . Lame . 
Maybe it's less a matter of old or new , but more of good and better . Nevermind the rhetoric , it's time to focus on , for , and towards the best . Also , toys are for boys , excuses get old quick , and if you're talking about me , you're thinking about me , and I love being on your mind :-D 
I feel that without of the anxiety of trying to please a woman , I might actually start to get things done ... nice . I'll find her when I'm ready . 
I appreciate the fact that my professor chose to confirm or deny the size of < PROPFIRST > Law's penis . Ha . 
Oh textures made out of paper ... you can wait til later . Time for a little party . Booyah ! 
So , instead of homework ... or even partying ... I'm stuck dealing with drunk women ... and their drama . Damn . Guess maybe I should've stayed home . 
There's a place downtown ... where the freaks all come around ... 
Feelin ' kinda lonely today . Maybe homework will take my mind off of that ... too bad you can't cuddle a rehearsal report ... 
I like coats ... 
You're beautiful ... that's why we could never work out . I tend to destroy beautiful things ... 
Life altering discovery of the day : chocolate covered bacon = delicious . Real talk . 
I burn bridges because it seems to me the divide was originally there for a reason . Real talk . 
Thank goodness you're a good liar ... I was startin ' to wonder what you were good for ... hahaha . 
Something about being surrounded by old friends , beautiful women , and cheap drinks is very uplifting to my mood ... hmmm . Good day . 
Dry this morning ... wet this afternoon ... then hopefull loose this evening ... ooohhhh yeahhh . :-) 
Needs something to do today ... 
This whole being unemployed but not even having time to get or work a job due to school is getting old quick ... even more so next month when my savings runs out . 
Side note to my previous status ... I'd take a job scrubing toilets in the theatre just to have a theatre job ... is that good or bad ? 
Needs something to do tonight ... any ideas ? We should < PROPFEMALE > out . Yes you ! Text me ! 
I'll be at Daily's tonight to watch The Unsung . Where will you be ? 
Let's party . You know the number . 
I burn bridges because I have no intentions of going back ... 
Well my night went to crap ... much like my means of transportation ... super lame . But my broke down truck won't stop me from enjoying the silver lining ... 
I hate not having a vehicle ... there are things I would like to do today ... oh well . 
It's one of those days where it's hard to find the bright side ... 
I'm done trying ... I sure hope this haze gets lifted ... I hate being stuck anywhere , especially when I feel like this ... blah . TTFN 
Let's < PROPFEMALE > out ? Absolutely ! 
Time to show the Springer's warehouse who's boss !! 
I have so much work to do ... but no motivation to do it . It's been a rough couple of weeks ... I'm tired of strugglin ' . Maybe I'll feel better after a nap ... 
Mandatory voting in < PROPFEMALE > ...? I'd be ok with that . 
Maybe some day I'll learn ... 
I know some beautiful women ... you know who you are ... it's been a great night ... it's ok , we can pretend you're 21 . :-) 
I do not appreciate the fact that these grey hairs continue to multiply ... 
Voting Dem in < PROPMALE > is like pissing in the ocean . Sure , you feel warm for a minute ... but did you really change the sea level ? GO OUT AND VOTE !! 
24 ... here I come ! But first , bed . 
Also , if anyone's partyin ' tonight , holla at me !! 
Being productive at 6:30 in the AM ?! Oh yeah , who's gettin ' stuff done ? This guy !! 
I'm a sucker for a pretty girl with a big smile ... 
I really hope one day I'll be old and mature enough to stop being so awkward and shy at times when I shouldn't ... here's hopin ' . I'm such a sucker . Haha 
Let's < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Laughs at < PROPFEMALE > Carey , and is not sorry about it ... cause it feels good . :-P 
Can I be serious for a moment people ? ... \I think it be the cows . \ " ... real talk " 
I wanna party with you tonight ! And you and you and you !! Let's make that happen ! 
Really wants to do it big somehow tonight ... anyone wanna help make that happen ? 
< PROPFIRST > this !! 
Apparently ... I am an interesting character . Real talk ? 
Will be needing someone to chill with tonight following my 6:30 class , a good time is sure to be had ... someone holla at me ! Real talk ... 
So no one wants to hangout apparently ... I am hurt . What a lame evening ... 
The Unsung at Dailey's . Tonight . Be there . Buy me a beer . We'll have a great time ... Real talk 
One day I'll learn to follow my own rules ... 
\[Don't go lookin ' inside yourself ] there ain't nothin ' in there but organs and farts . \"" 
No Shame ? 
So all the people I had planned on hanging with have decided not to hit me up ... lame . let's make plans !! 
Coffee : check . Computer : check . Smokes : check . Playlist : check . The will and motivation to get this work done : ... this is gonna be rough . 
If anyone has some motivation to spare ... I would love to have some . Here's to another long night ... only 1 more week ! 
A Place Called Christmas ( Aka lunch with < PROPFEMALE > ) opens tomorrow . I'm dead tired , but I can see the end . Just pushed my truck 40ft up a slope ... by myself . I'm being punished for something I think ... :-( 
Days like these I could really use a cuddle < PROPMALE > . I need to feel human again ... 
Just developed a hatred for research papers , statistics , sampling , degrees of freedom , and whatever the chi-square test is . Still trying to figure it all out ... 
I had almost forgotten how much I hate feeling alone ... the poisonous green icing on my big cake of frustrations and disappointment . Something's gotta give ... 
Basic design final project ... prepare to be conquered . 
I'm upset all my friends have the time to play this # game . How about instead of sending me #s , send me some free time , thanks ... 
Done ... for a little while . 
has a crush . This is new ... good or bad ? I haven't yet decided . Although , experience tells me it always ends badly . Here's to being old and lonely ! Ha . 
This month's epiphany : exgirlfriends are EXgirlfriends for a reason . I think I've finally learned that . Here's to new beginnings ! 
Disappointed at how this evening turned out ... guess I'll finish up my work for children's theatre and officially complete this semester ... blah . 
Almost done with children's theatre stuff ... now just to finish my final , then I can finally enjoy some tv in my underpants time ... the night shows promise ! 
Officially done with this semester ! Woo ! Now time to let the A's start rolling in ... 3 down , 3 to go ! Booyah ! TV in underpants time , here I come ! 
This semester's books-shelved , assignments and paper work-filed , emails-saved or deleted . Satisfaction only a college education can buy ... 
\A heart will never be practical until it is made to be unbreakable . \"" 
So now my mom's cell phone , which I was using because mine was turned off , is now turned off . Yay Christmas ... 
Deep and reflective status update ... 2011 . 
\ ... and I'll wear out the words ' I love you ' ... and ' You're beautiful ' . \"" 
Dracula = life this week . \ 
It's good . 
Time to go make a baby bleed , and then get my neck broke a couple times . I love my job ! :-D 
Let's add in some blood on Tuesday ! Oh yeah ! 
Dracula is about to start gettin ' a little bloody today ! I hope the Springer Opera House bought some more mops !! :-D 
\I should brood and think of sporadic killings ! \"" 
Salvadore < PROPFEMALE > has been born to be devoured . Yay ! 
' He who gives me more caresses than usual has betrayed me or\ 
wishes to betray me . ' 
It's taken me a while to realize that often times seemingly good things end for the purpose of obviously greater things to come along ... 
Final dress of Dracula was great ! I'm super excited about this show , and everyone else should be too ! Such\ 
Sidenote : I would be the guy to hurt himself ... at the curtain call ... stupid shoes . 
Now it starts ... is anyone free on Feb 15 from 1:30 -3 that would be willing to do a directing scene for me ? I need a guy and a girl , I can supply treats ! :-) 
Directing analysis , cigarettes , and coffee ... this is gonna be a long night ... I'll sleep when I'm dead ! 
If you would've asked me 2 years ago if I could see myself 2 years later up late doing homework listening to showtunes ... I would've called you crazy ... life . 
( 0 )(0 ) < PROPFEMALE > Metcalfe ... :-D 
What's up tonight people ? Let's < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
One good thing to say about < PROPFIRST>'s day ... \ 
\ 
It ends at midnight ... 
\[So why don't we just make out ? ] ... I can tell by your lack of interest I was kidding . \"" 
One-act auditions today ... it's been a while since I've auditioned for anything ... let's see how this goes ... 
If I didn't look for love in all the wrong places ... where else would I look ? 
Is awkward ... 
One day , I'll be the love interest , instead of the bad or/and funny guy .... 
I have this issue where I see a pretty girl ... and immediately insert a foot in my mouth . I need a connection ... 
So my 2 most recent ex-girlfriends have both recently ( within the last month ) moved out of state ... so does this speak volumes as to my character as a boyfriend ? Maybe . If you can't stand the heat ... 
High School Musical at Springer Opera House opens tonight !! It's gonna be awesome !! You should probably get your tickets soon ... or now . 
Just paid my dues to be inducted into 2 collegiate honor societies ... now I'm just waiting to hear from one more ... All I do is win ! :-D 
Does anyone know where I can find a set of unmounted deer antlers for cheap or free ... preferably free . 
has to stop needin ' what he wants . 
Will be spending my Spring Break catching up on school work and working on props in the shop . Anyone wanna come by ? You should . 
Anyone have a copy of Glass Menagerie I can borrow ? 
In the end you'll find , it's always been me versus the world . 
Directing analysis , Structural analysis , High School Musical , Portfolio renovation , Props for As You Like It , props for 8 one-acts , scene rehearsals , theatre manifesto , production meeting . Yeah ... I don't see sleep on that list either ... :-/ 
So there's this girl ... and it's complicated ... and I'm sure it involves barking and a tree ... story of my life . 
I am obviously busy trying to do 5 things at once , you would assume people would notice this and feel I wouldn't be interested in idle chit-chat . You'd be wrong 
Breaks are an important part of the day . 
Today WILL be a good day . And that's a promise . 
I've been called trouble in paradise ... 
So there's this girl ... she's \no < PROPFEMALE > ; just a kid from the suburbs with a knack for words and a bad attitude . \ " And I'm all about it . Haha < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > :-D " 
Is terribly uncooperative and awkward , especially recently . Sorry ' bout it . 
I should really look into translating all this awesome into not being single .. it's getting kinda cumbersome ... and lonely . 
Officially changing my major ... this should be exciting ... and frightening ... adding an extra semester to my college career , but that's not necessarily a bad thing is it ? 
should really shut up sometimes . 
