So here I am , late to the party as always when it comes to currently popular trends . We'll see how this works out as I am extremely lazy at maintaining my profile at these social sites . 

Ugh , I'm going through computer hardware withdrawls again . I'm getting the itch to build something again . o_O 
Lunch has to be the least exciting meal of the day . There's just not enough time to make an awesome meal . Sandwiches are meh . 
Just seven hours and twenty minutes before the premiere of Lost . :D 
Remember when Wednesday night was just awesome for tv ? Now , Wednesday+Television = Fail O_o . Oh well , we still have Thursday . :p 
I'm liking the new homepage layout . The layout is a lot cleaner looking , in my opinion . 
4 8 15 16 23 42 
There is no spoon ... 
WonderCon was pretty fun . It was nice to be around my own kind . :p 
To any of my gaming friends ( other than < PROPFIRST > ) , I have two PC license keys left for Borderlands on Steam . If anyone wants one , let me know and I'll send one to you . 
Who are you calling scruffy looking !? 
These aren't the droids you're looking for . 
It was a \Jump to Conclusions\ " mat . You see 
It's all in the hips . It's all in the hips . It's all in the hips . It's all in the hips . 
Oh , internet how I have missed you . A day without you is a day too long ! 
is loving his new Razer Naga 17 button mouse . :D 
Wow , solid state drives are everything they claim to be ! I just finished reinstalling Windows 7 and it only took 10 seconds from boot up to my desktop with all program loaded . My old hard drive took 30 seconds to boot and an additional 20 to load my programs and services . :D 
Note to self : Don't do landscaping again , allergies are annoying ... 
is getting a little homesick . :P 
I'm currently assisting in eating a 28\ pizza comprised of 50 pieces . :D " 
I really hate nocturnal leg cramps . I had one earlier this week and ever since then , I haven't had a decent night's sleep . Every time I start to feel my calf tighten , I immediately waken and get up in fear that it will happen again . It's definitely going to be a long day . I've been up since 3 AM . 
Just saw Tron Legacy on an impulse . I must say , it was very well done . Definitely worth watching ! 
Bah , I really don't want to be at work today ... more so than usual . :p New Year's weekend , get here faster ! 
So I finished enrolling at Heald today . After 11 years of procrastinating , I'm finally back in school part time and I'm determined to get my AS degree with focus in accounting this time . :D 
Just wanted to say I have the coolest wife in the world . I couldn't have asked for a better companion to go through life with ! 
11 days before Dragon Age II comes out . I haven't been this excited for a game since Final Fantasy XIII . I thought the demo would help me chill out but now I want it even more . xD 
Loving the new Firefox interface . :D 
So I got to work from home today . I feel like I accomplished way more than I usually do when I do office work at my usual location . Not to mention , I don't feel the exhaustion I usually do , just a clarity and peace of mind . Today was a good day . :) 
Just got The Witcher 2 . Too bad I won't be able to play it until after school . :( 
Atheists are hilarious . We were driving through SF yesterday and the silly end of days billboards were on one side and then an atheists response was on the other . I'm so thankful the atheists felt the need to argue this on a billboard . I would've never known that the end of the world wasn't really coming . * rolls eyes * 
Just finished my first PowerPoint presentation for class . I discovered a lot about myself while making it . 1 ) I suck at PowerPoint presentations and 2 ) I hate PowerPoint presentations . For the first time ever , I think I would've rather wrote an essay on the exciting world of debits and credits . :p 
I hate being left in suspense . Am I going to have to wait until midnight to get my final graded ? xD 
Woot ! I got 195/200 on my final exam and 475/500 on my project ! Another A for this quarter ! :D 
Dear Hollywood , \ 
\ 
Not everything has to be in 3-D . I know < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > told you it did , but it really doesn't . I assure you , I will still go see movies if you go back to a 2-D majority . 
Oh yay , the neighbors still haven't exhausted their fireworks . :( 
5:50 - 9:50 PM for class is really starting to wear on me . I just feel exhausted all of the time . I may very well considering doing the next quarter online until I can go back to my 8:00 - 9:50 PM schedule again . 
Eating Sorrento leftovers . Yummy ! :D 
Learning about LIFO , FIFO , and averaging inventory ... exciting . xD 
I guess my kitties only want to observe the outside , not actually go outside . I got a harness for Ember today , took her outside and she ran back and started pawing at the screen door . I guess its my baby's choice to be an indoor < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
Sometimes I wish I had taken the red pill . :p 
Test time is the worst time to have stomach problems . It's so quiet in here that you could hear a pin drop . :p 
I just helped my grandpa set up < PROPFIRST > Beck tv . I feel dirty . :p 
Just got back from my dear extended family's home . Uncle < PROPMALE > made Marlaina's white chicken enchiladas . :D I had a nice time , all in all . :D 
This Friday is < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > vs . Castiel , our new God . Can't wait . :D 
