Am currently suffering the hangover from hell . So Much Alcohol .. Oh , yeah , am keeping new years resolution strong . i am placing a tripwire on the 2nd to the last stairstep . Right in front of the < PROPFEMALE>'s litterbox . MU HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA !!!! 

My evil plan has been thwarted . damn facebook 
2010 Feels Like 2009 . Everyone , you've been ripped off 
i'm nothing 
Gwozzle 
i'm bored . minions , give me your undivided worship , or just give me a call . lol 
I look In The Mirror Sometimes and wonder Who Is The Reflection ?... 
Know ye not ( Have ye forgotten ? ) your place in the earth ? We know ( as we've always known ) ( that ) there can be no place for such as ye upon our blameless , benighted earth 
The breath of the dead fills the stagnant breeze : now , the world is perfect ( and ) those left behind still weep 
( And ) should the question of terror arise we'll draw our hate down from the skies 
We live beneath a carcass < PROPFEMALE > that makes a horror of all days for on this battlefield even the wicked get worse than they deserve 
« But then , it is the curse of the great to have to walk over the corpses . » « Es war schon immer der fluch der mächtigen über leichen schreiten zu müssen . » 
With our deeds of carnage we hail bloodshed our immortal < PROPMALE > 
They said they only wanted well behaved boys , Do they think guitars and microphones are just fucking toys ? Fuck ' em , I chosen to make my stand , Against what I feel is wrong with this land . They just sit there on their overfed arses , Feeding off the sweat of less fortunate classes . They keep their fucking power cause their finger's on the button 
They've got control and won't let it be forgotten . The truth of their reality is at the wrong end of a gun , The proof of that is Belfast and that's no fucking fun . Seeing the squaddy lying in the front yard , Seeing the machine guns resting on the fence . Finding the entrance to your own front door is barred And they've got the fucking nerve to call it defence . Seems their defence is just the threat of strength , 
The < PROPMALE > and the fortunate chaining up the door . Afraid that the people may ask for a little more Than the shit they get . The shit they get . The shit they get . The shit they get . The shit they get . The shit they get . The shit they get . The shit they get . DEFENCE ? SHIT , IT'S NOTHING LESS THEN WAR AND NO ONE BUT THE GOVERNMENT KNOWS WHAT THE FUCK IT'S FOR . 
Oh yes they say it's defence , they say it's decency , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , Hiroshima , know what I mean ? The same fucking lies with depressing frequency , They say \We had to do it to keep our lives clean\ " Well whose like ? Whose fucking life ? Who the fuck are they talking to ? Whose life ? Whose fucking life ? " 
I tell you one thing , it ain't me and you . And their system , christ , they're everywhere , School , army , church , corporation deal . A fucked up reality based on fear , A fucking conspiracy to stop you feeling real . Well ain't got me , I'd say their fucking wrong , I ain't quite ready with my gun , but I've got my song ... Banned from the < PROPFEMALE > , well O.K. I never much liked playing there anyway . GUNS . 
Crass ' Banned From The < PROPFEMALE>' 
accept no bullshit 
When I'm in my bed at night , i dont wanna grow up , nothing ever seems to turn out right and i dont wanna wanna grow up . 
How do you move in a world of fog that's always changing things Makes wish that I could be a dog When I see the price that you pay I don't wanna grow up I don't ever want to be that way I don't wanna grow up 
Seems that folks turn into things that they never want The only thing to live for is today ... I'm gonna put a hole in my T.V. set I don't wanna grow up Open up the medicine chest I don't wanna grow up I don't wanna have to shout it out I don't want my hair to fall out I don't wanna be filled with doubt I don't wanna be a good boy scout I don't wanna have to learn to count I don't wanna have the biggest am 
I'm Making Monsters For My Friends 
IS GOING TO SEE FUCKING SLAYER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I Can't Beleve How fucking AWESOME I am 
Pobody's Nerfect 
a good friend stole then lied to me 
< PROPMALE > Says We Gotta Go , Gotta Go To Idaho , But We Can't Go Surfing ' cause It's Twenty Below ... 
Paintball : get them before they get you 
Am No Longer Single 
A Bitter Shell of the person i once was . black sorrow now consumes every fiber of my being . goodbye friends 
As Of Now im declaring self imposed exile . Everyone go away 
And im also deleting everyone who poses a threat to me and solitude 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT ~ if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you are finished , post this paragraph to your own status , you'll be surprised what people remember about you 
Life , for me is a poison nearly unbearable , everyday reminding me of the soul-crushing futility of trying to push on . A single instant of time is like mirror of my imploding faith in the human race as a whole . I do not expect to live much longer . 
The Human Condition , Such as It Is , is finite , locked in a screaming death spiral to oblivion , yet firmly believing that everything will get better . Human Emotions are frail and weak , with love being the weakest of them all . 
Why Anyone would put any stock by a blatantly contrived travesty is beyond my admittedly great intellect . ( modesty was never a strong suit . ) Love is a foul wimpering disease that only fools believe in . The color of love is black , it's cousin sorrow . I Spit on Love And On you Pathetic human filth . 
I am Not as I Once was .. Where did i go ? 
Can't Believe how many versions of my self i go through in a single instant . The Pretender dilutes the Whole ... 
leaving my body behind , my mind transcends my many limitatations and races toward the cosmos that is my true home 
If all i can do is fault myself , maybe i'm flawless ? 
Mos Of Diabolus , Tyrannus Of Nex praesieo super ancient ritus Samhain 
incompertus atrox recubo profundus wthin niger laxamentum of nex 
Obscurum Futurus In Putus Animus 
I Just Got Mugged Today and im pissed as fuck 
Bring on The GWARnage 
Starroids Must Die . 
Pumped with fluid , inside your brain Pressure in your skull begins pushing through your eyes Burning flesh , drips away Test of heat burns your skin , your mind starts to boil Frigid cold , cracks your limbs How long can you last In this frozen water burial ? Sewn together , joining heads Just a matter of time til you rip yourselves apart 
-Angel Of Death , Slayer 1986 
Revelation , Revolution , I See Through Your Christ Illusion 
Soaked in blood the mask you wear Haunting cries the dead scream for me Staring eyes invoke no guilt I can taste your mind your lifeless 
R.I.P. Normalcy . I Never Knew You 
If anyone wants to know what its like to interact with a bunch of rigid elitist condescending pricks , Play Halo 3 With your friends .. 
Mutually Assured Destruction , Three Words That Truly Warm Warm My Chest Cavity 
the pulsing of necrotic flesh in my limbs pushes me towards warmth .. and blood 
im having a traditional halloween . a very traditional halloween 
hail satanas 
The Function Of Music Is To Free Us From The Tyranny Of Conscious Thought 
Ours was spirit ... Raped Intellegence .. We exist ... all ... to awaken and save us from war ! 
All have abandoned any pretense of comraderie . false allies reveal themselves .. an attack is imminent .. i trust no one 
got a new phone and a new number 419-606-1724 
is bored 
Is Pushing Through the Layers Of My Mind , All The While Gripping The Frail Thread That will Lead Me Back To The Realm Of The Sane 
girls are stupid 
self-immolation is looking awful tempting today . better that than enduring the colossal idiots i must put up with ... 
Ah , Bucolic Monday , so peaceful .. Not 
Tenaciously feral , ferrous metal drug here , a molecule at a time in plastic contraptionsof marble when viewed through plywood , appears as a puppy begging for dynamite- excerpt from my poem \untitled \"" 
November Can Blow Me 
stumbling thru the frigid mist that is the barely concealed hostility of my peers , i know with certainty i will crush those that oppose me .. 
War Is Stupid 
November can still blow me 
Through My Anatomy , dwells another being , rooted in my cortex .... 
November can STILL blow me 
is in a new relationship at last 
december can wither and die 
she cheated on me with a guy from sweeden then dumped me i honestly and literally want to end myself .. 
now she's blaming me for breaking off our friendship . 
i've begun my most ambitious and pointless endeavour yet : writing a list of everything i hate . i believe this will take me the rest of my putrid existence on this filthy mudball planet . 
Things that make my blood boil #2 : < PROPFIRST > from that god-awful abomination Twilight . Since when is a sparkling sexual pervert considered cool ? Seriously , the glitterdouche is a fucking pedophile who would get his shit kicked in by < PROPFIRST > . you know , a REAL vampire . 
Things that make my blood boil #3 : Fucking Tingle .. : If you've played < PROPFEMALE > before , you most likely share my pain . Stupid pansy-ass ugly < PROPFEMALE > 
Things that make my blood boil #4 : People's passive aggressive bullshit . If you have to be a pussy with no sack and can't say whats on your mind to my fucking face , get the hell out my sight and out of my life and don't come back till you've found your spine . 
Things that make my blood boil #5 : Stupid holiday commercials . A Constant Reminder of why i hate the holidays and that the mass media is entirely composed of soul-less sociopaths . 
hmm ? 
DO THE HAMMERLOCK YOU TURKEYNECKS !!!! 
Piling the bodies Burn them in the night Skin grows black and withered Decayed smell will rise Existence fading Into ashes Burn those bodies To Infernal death 
Screams and nightmares Of a life I want Can't see living this lie no A world I haunt You've lost all control of my Heart and soul Satan holds my future Watch it unfold 
I Hereby resolve To be a bigger bastard then ever before . To be nastier , more sarcastic and vulgar , and all around meaner than ever . So it's a new year , whoop-de-fuckin'-do . seriously though , everyone have fun . Get Trashed , have a party , whatever . happy *$#&* &@ new year 
i resolve to be a nice guy ... in the next life 
I will alienate all 
I am so god damn pisssed off , its unlikely that ill ever feel anything other than siiently smouldering rage . 
Things that make my blood boil #7 : Sega . How many lame ass games do you have to release before you realize that a franchise is dead . Please , Let Sonic die with some dignity . 
Things that make my blood boil #8 : < PROPMALE > Rathbone , a partaker of the most heinous atrocity since world war two , is playing varg vikernes , a man i admire who was sentenced to life for stabbing his bandmate and setting fire to three chuches , in a movie . TWILIGHT AND BLACK METAL SHOULD NOT EVER FU**ING MIX !!!!!!!!!! 
Im going to exact revenge on my friends . never leave facebook unattended 
If people are avoiding me , i believe i have the right to know why . Im not mad , just a < PROPMALE > confused . 
\Break the circle and all hell comes loose the well of souls must stay sealed Ancient force of light against the dark the well of souls must stay sealed\ " Black wind turns out the candles the air grows cold and threatening Dark shadows wicked laughter brings darkness to your heart Behold the goat of Mendes red burning evil eyes " 
up at a decent hour finally 
I am sick of people using me to get what they want . no more . i'm done 
I'm happy , suprisingly 
Someone finally gets whats coming to them , in the form of an ass whippin'! fun to see 
I LOST THE GAME , NOT GUDA !!!!!!! 
New Facebook design SUCKS !!! 
It's the feel of your blood As it flows smoothly down my skin Intoxicating my soul Immortality , seducing me 
I Hate the snow for it conspires to drive an icy wedge between me and my ultimate goal . 
I Have conquered winter's wrath ! Stupid Snow ! Hulk Smash Puny Winter ! 
I drown in ashes you've enshrined , Of blissful days long gone by , Concealed behind my dying eyes , This hell of anger and weary lies . 
A frame of mind , a dismal soul . My final womb , this flesh turned cold , You held me down and let me bleed . My love , it died , along with me . 
another day wasted staring at the ceiling waiting to wake up from this dream of life 
will save the day .. one day 
Everything i touch , i ruin . I really dont deserve to live . < PROPFEMALE > Thompson , if you are reading this , I am Truly sorry for what i said . good luck . i mean that . 
My friends Are hijacking my facebook again 
What are your final thoughts ? Do you want to kill me or die in shame ? From my point of view Justified action , the enemy burns 
Swirling deeper and deeper into the pit of despair , nothing more than the ebon manifistation of the dark intentions of my friend turned enemy .. and i don't believe i want to crawl out of this well of soul-madness anymore .. just leave me in hell . 
WARNING : I'M ON A MASSIVE KISS BINGE RIGHT NOW !! THEIR NEW ALBUM IS AMAZING !!! 
Heaven's On Fire , And There Ain't Nothin ' You Can Do , Heaven's On Fire , When You Die You'll Go There Too . 
Morbid Musings Manifested Musically , Melodically , and Maliciously : Heavy Metal finds its place in alliteration . My Inner Nerd is placated . 
Heaven's On Fire , And There Ain't Nothin ' You Can Do , Heaven's On Fire , When You Die You'll Go There Too . 
If Life Gives you lemons , Punch life in the face , shove the lemons down it's throat , and steal its wallet . 
Rip , tear , crush , cut . Destruction is a language everyone understands . 
H . umanity E . nthusiastically A . nd V . iolently Y . elling M . urderous E . motions T.o A . ll L . isteners 
I CURSE THE SNOW !!!!!!! 
I hide the pain which burns ever stronger through my multi-faceted psyche . pretending to be sane and happy is childs play . i envy amnesiacs . only the memories bring hurt . 
OMG !! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > DIO HAS CANCER !!! GET BETTER DIO !!!! FIGHT THE EVIL SUPER CANCER !!! 
Perversions of pain Seep from my eyes Into your brain Visualize 
Apparition From The Pits Of Hell , Death Plaques The Streets In Which They Dwell , Demented Lust , Secrets They Must Keep , Addicted To Your Blood , At < PROPFEMALE > They Sleep ... 
My Laptop is acting up ... it may die soon ... 
my laptop battery bit the dust . and power keeps randomly cutting out with out warning . any ideas what i can do ? 
Religion is hate , religion is pain , religion is war , religion is rape , religion's obscene , religion's a whore 
loves the warm weather . suck a lemon , winter 
So bored .. 
i need to be recycled 
Grudgingly , the beast rolls out of bed . 
squeegee 
( ninja message ) 
Alone all weekend . yay or nay ? time will tell . 
If it was possible to kick my life in the nuts , it stiill could not get any worse . Edgy towards people without any real reason .. 
There are people that in an ideal world i would forge a deeper connection with if only i could . But such things are for someone who is meant to be happy . 
I Started Writing on here again . I am currently busy blending my combination of science , societal critique , metaphysical musings , and my constantly changing emotional state 
I Started Writing on here again . I am currently busy blending my combination of science , societal critique , metaphysical musings , and my constantly changing emotional state . check me notes and tell me what you think 
I steadfastly refuse to be sucked in by Muse . I just cannot bring myself to listen to such pedestrian material . 
Underlying cotton fibers entwine the cosmic string on which we crawl , a piece of superdense invisibility , rendering the soul as free floating electrons on a postcard addressed from the theological inferno . If we're the joke , does that make me the punchline ? 
today i shall attempt to strangulate reality because it annoys me 
Your last breath the sword comes down She dies first speaking death to me Philosophy , the vision , the view within Duty , science , abstract cruelty 
Disease spreading death entire population dies dead before you're born massive suicide vicious game of fear it's all extermination now poison in your veins global genocide 
I have decided to despise every 589th molecule in my body 
Qui a coupé < PROPFEMALE > fromage ? 
\I'm off to do evil .. and .. stuff . Pchoo ! \"* flies away * chowder is clearly a true successor to 90's cartoons . " 
please enjoy this blank and irrelevant message 
stupid writer's block 
Am i Boring ? a chilling thought . great , now i'm paranoid . 
are human women worth persuing ? I am heavily considering persuing alien ones instead . P.S. : I'm officially Insane now . 
Playing guitar seems to be losing its luster , like everything else . The dischordant noise just isn't as charming as it used to be . and that seriously scares me . 
Report : Most College Males Admit To Regularly Getting Stoked 
Three day weekend ! I shall leave a bloody trail of carnage and destruction in my wake ! HAIL ME !!!!! 
im bored again 
Steel Panther Rules !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
disapointed .. oh well 
fucking bored 
just your plain old psychotic break 
Have you heard that entropy isn't what it used to be ? 
One last perfect night of Life on Earth , I saw a pestilence descend on wings plague black , as it rode the ancient < PROPFEMALE > Wind : there are things more horrible than death 
A step away the dark abyss looms , sad whispers issuing from the obsidian maw . As i gaze down , i cannot decide what terrifiies me most : What is so horrifying that the gods must hide their shame with oblivion , or why it exudes a sense of overwhelming familiarity ? 
< PROPMALE>'s lame-ass broke his leg . now i have no one to pull shenanigans with . nored as hell . 
< PROPFIRST > Segal : Most Unintentionally hilarious man to ever walk the planet . 
warning : bookstores may be hazardous to your paycheck . 
If everyone everywhere dropped dead simulaneosuly , i wouldn't complain . 
Fields of haar-megiddo lay in ruin , choked with the dismembered , where blood flows like a river of the damned , deep red and sluggish as it congeals around a wretched figure swathed in darkness and sorrow .. 
What a cruel joke love is . nothing means anything anymore .... 
Go away and stay there for awhile 
Got Jumped last night . phone and wallet stolen . ignore all messages from me until this status changes . i'm a mess . 
new phone today ! < PROPFIRST > please 
De Mysteris Dom Sathanas 
wants to see nightmare on elm street . anyone want to go ? 
Thug Aim . Say it out loud . 
TWENTY ONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
anyone want to do something ? 
Most boring birthday ever . 
stuff happened 
vodka and grape kool-aid . i call it the Purple Nurple 
http://uncyclopedia.wikia.com/wiki/File:Russia_mario.jpg 
Thine ancient gods in\ 
their pantheons\ 
Will cease to be utterly\ 
And\ 
the stars in thy firmament :\ 
All will die\ 
And be one in a nucleon\ 
... Reductio\ 
ad Absurdum ... 
Blue variability swirls \ 
through my dormant carbonated head , i see stars . And They \ 
Waltz on corpuscles heeding the new god-fruit'sinane \ 
command , taking it's dubious offering . With no tether anymore , solidity\ 
is fleeting , preferringa spitual colloidal structure \ 
sublimated by dark thoughts , dark matter , if it matters at all , antimatter . 
It's Cold Gin time Again ! 
In the name of the infernal flaming lord's forsaken left testicle , I need something to occupy my time 
Forgot to log off and is lucky this person is being nice . 
Just Found out ... Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio ( July 10 , 1942 – May 16 , 2010 ) 
today i have edited my first wikipedia < PROPFEMALE > 
nothing lasts forever , and nothing stays the same , feeling numb all over , and totally deranged , when you finally make your mind up , i'll be buried in my grave . 
Chowder was made with the assistance of ADD 
i have never heard \ 
his voice nor have I ever seen his form . Yet still he casts his \ 
dark shadow on the light of my being . Death -- Negation of being . Wraith\ 
of inner sanctum .... Apparition of my amorphousness . Solemnity \ 
of my disembodiment . Death -- Decay . Creator of corpses . Principle\ 
of annihilation . Secret of negativity . Unspeakable silence . Despairing\ 
monologue . 
scrutiny of one's soul precipiates the negation of being . what lies in wait deep in our minds holds more terror than all the ravages of war , such that we cease to be upon beholding them . 
crush the spineless , silence those without courage , for if they do not \ 
stand under their own will , they forfeit the right to live 
< PROPFIRST > Burgess was punk before it was even a word . 
philosophical discussions on free will and society and large quantities of rum don't go well . this public service anouncement was brought to you by my impending hangover and the letter p-i-s-s . 
bizarro am not hungry . 
Silence , silence , which screams chromatic oblivion , that inky black void of the soul . no fun , my babe ... indeed , no fun at all . 
Death To Normies ! 
Injured my guitar strumming hand for the forseeable future . Now i have even less to do . 
Bizarro fucking rules 
Kinda bummed i had to leave to convention early . but lack of money to eat with and sheer exhaustion forced my hand . it was fun though . 
International National Fucking DAY OF SLAYER !!! Show Your heavy metal pride and crank some slayer , you pants pissing sissies ! 
SLAYER !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wanting to do something 
I don't have any illusions anymore , and i've done all that i can do . into the pit i descend . 
how can i trust you if you are just like all the others ? 
It's rather sad that i'm used to being dumped . 
It is a blurred line that lies at the edge of Godhood and \ 
Insanity . Guess which side of it I am on . \ 
Feeling lucky ? 
It is a blurred line that lies at the edge of Godhood and Insanity . Guess which side of it I am on . \ 
\ 
I've had the strangest dreams lately - raging seas , howling \ 
beasts , a Demon folded in black clouds . I believe I know what it guards , \ 
and I will have it , to the chagrin of the faith-blinded zealots that \ 
challenge me . Don't waste your pity on them ; I don't think they would \ 
like you much anyway . 
looking for people to < PROPFEMALE > out with 
Grip the blade , smash the ether . the onslaught of awareness cannot be far off . might as well enjoy the last precious seconds of sunlight . 
You ask if I detest myself\ 
Sometimes , yes I do\ 
I try so hard to love myself\ 
but mostly I hate you 
The proper church of your empty shell\ 
There is no wrong in staying\ 
Home is where you < PROPFEMALE > yourself\ 
Where you end the pain 
It seems to me , i could live my life a lot better than i think i am . 
Officialy protesting the twitards and their cult 
I have the cape , I make the whoosh noises ! 
Listenin ' to the Space Duck ... Such a majestic creature .. 
in order to save myself from paranoid fears\ 
i alienated a friend . 
i wish i was oblivious 
If anyone asks , you didn't see me 
IMMA CHARGIN MAH LAZOR !! 
http://www.deviantart.com/download/88650729/Dr__Octagonapus_by_WhiteCrowXV.jpg 
The < PROPMALE > Of apathy , exaultant in its mastery , beckons the monolith to crush my spirit . I dont you anymore ... i won't stop myself , too many bad memories between us .. we bicker like an old couple , me and i .. 
existence is fragile , my friends .. 
radder , faster , more adequate 
Hordes of the goatlord :\ 
Our mayhemic , bloody steel\ 
With the \ 
thunders of the drums\ 
Wil crush the weak holyness 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slV5MNuKYcY&feature=related 
curse my lack of wheels 
* sigh * 
So , anyone want to do something ? 
Post bath kitty : utterly hilarious . 
NWOBHM = Now We Orcs Break Heads , Motherfucker ! 
............ * sigh * 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BiTKsUi5QrI&feature=related 
anyone want to do something 
Fuck all of you if you have something to do . legions of the bored as hell unite ! 
Q : what time is it ? A : Too damn early 
Black Metal Rule #2 : Be TR00 ( True ) Don't ask me waht it means . they don't even know . 
Be Grim . Be Necro . Be simulataneously GRIM and NECRO at the same time if at all possible . 
Law of black metal# 13 : Don't play with fuzzy things , excepting that by \play\ " you mean \ " burn \"." 
law of Black metal #14 : Don't be < PROPFEMALE > Filth 
Law of black metal number 15 : don't be < PROPFEMALE > filth 
hooray for violance . violins are bad . violins . 
emotions are insubtantial , people are unreliable . love is false and disapointing . 
something screams , someone whispers , and no one is listening . parlay the problem into obsession , hurtle towards the ultimate deconstuction of sanity at that which cannot be understood when the stars are right . 
i see it , in all its fabled ruined < PROPFEMALE > , beckoning to travellers to take refuge . It , like me , yearns for better days . ruins are like souls . it takes another to make it whole again . 
the unconcious mind is drawn to unfathomable depths to the twisted city where a god slumbers where one ceases to be , which is truly merciful . 
someone one should do something 
IMMA FIRIN ' MAH LAZOR 
last night was the worst yet . the fact that im still breathing minions , is due to the timely intervention of a very selfless person . 
need to find something to do . anyone up for mayhem ? or odd jobs ? 
bizarro am not bored 
i got a haircut , people . the apocalypse is upon us 
I have added a new target in my war against everything that lives : This stupid laggy-ass pc . 
bizarro love getting up early for meaningful classes . 
And the void , ever cryptic , beckons to me once more .. its ' song is sweetly melancholic , touching my solitary spirit . the madness in my methods takes a stronger hold day by day 
New Laptop bitches ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zey8567bcg&feature=related 
am i to be avoided like the plague ? to those who do , have the balls to actually tell me , delete me , and then go fuck yourselves 
When the Dragon Breath finally fades \ 
And you look into The Eye at the End of Days , \ 
And those that “just are” spin you round and around \ 
Can you honestly say your soul is unbound ? 
behind closed eyes , dreams are spun like tangled webs 
As death tends to whisper defiance \ 
Thinks it's surprising , fully expected \ 
Heavily unwelcomed , purposely unhidden \ 
There to accomodate \ 
A more sensible whiskey warmth \ 
Had my fills of somber hearts and lost souls 
Got my < PROPFEMALE > back 
An ominous disembowelment ... \ 
The soothslayer is blinded , such is fate ; \ 
Abomination to damn the eyes ... \ 
For the righteous , a test of faith . 
fight those who oppress for any reason , those addicts of blatant , undiluted power with no care , no soul . undo theose whose < PROPMALE > vestments are a tie and suit . topple the warlords who hide behind glass and steel and concrete . fight the power , friends . we are so many , and they are but few . 
damn saturday classes 
Black Metal rule #28 : Never write songs less than 15 minutes long and containing less than 15 adjectives in the title . 
i can't remember being so disrespected at a party . that fucker deserves what he got 
again , massive fights ensue . 
What Dragonball Z Character Are You ? -- My Result : Trunks . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/159363/referrals/status?aid=1529584766 
A frame of mind , a dismal soul . \ 
My final womb , this flesh turned cold . \ 
You held me down and let me bleed . \ 
My love , it died , along with me . 
if anyone wants to chill or do something let me know 
seriously , anyone up to do stuff tonight ? possibly involving large quantites of hard liquor ? 
can anyone suggest a possible topic for an essay ? 
Violent pacification\ 
we'll force to be nice to each other\ 
kill you before you kill each other\ 
violent pacification 
speaking to my online friends , i'll be in < PROPMALE > in january . i'll enjoy meeting homies whose locales are too far to walk to 
where did everyone go 
happily deleting people who just can't bring themselves to talk to me . 
the first culling is over . more shall follow until only the true remain 
Going to see FUCKING GWAR !!!! 
The Mentors are quite possibly the most offensive and inept band i've ever heard . and yet strangely awesome 
Need a bassist for a punk band . if you enjoy crass , the clash , the stooges , the Ramones , etc ., i want to hear from you 
what do you do when you realize that you never had anything in common with someone . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IbLRf0j80wU&feature=related\ 
here i am showing you people the good stuff , and do i ever get thanks ? i don't care , just as long as you cretins listen 
my cat ran into a window trying to catch a bat . she is currently struggling to understand glass . 
is it just me or do the divinyls kick ass 
Life is compiled of cheating , stealing , fighting , and drinkin . If you cheat , cheat death . If you steal , steal a womans heart . If you fight , fight for a brother . And if you drink , drink with me . 
The sky is red as I watch you fall \ 
I know that you belong \ 
In a green and pink room of plastic walls \ 
where no light is on 
So , i can't turn my neck , the left side of my body has no sensation , my elbow hurts from bashing some dudes face with it , and i'm more hungover than i've ever been . Best damn Gwar show ever . 
successfully healed from my injuries 
What it looks like , I care not ; I just hope it kills a lot 
I Still See The Black is so .. chilling .. that keyboardist makes that song 
With this guitar , i make my stand . With fury and passion i scream at the world how it really is . With my aural ammunition , I WILL change the world . whether it wants to or not 
people are uptight today . 
Drifting from the prison planet\ 
I fell into the 13th sun\ 
Way beyond all superscience known\ 
Surfing through space and mantra\ 
God of time and mercury\ 
Our love will live inside the elephant < PROPFEMALE > 
i hope to not exist by 2012 . that'll show those fuckers 
I read your palm in a bowl of spit\ 
It's not looking good\ 
Spirits low , yes life is shit\ 
I thought you understood 
i didn't vote ! free yourselves from the false dilemma ! 
talks to me ? 
talks to me ? im bored 
like this if it\s fucking cold out " 
i feel like leaving the state again . 
you wouldn't understand , this is a limit near breaking . i am eons from being like you . and it's killing me . 
best ep of southpark ever 
a friend just got burned relationship wise . a familiar place and , one i totally saw coming . however , this information will in no way help said person . man , people suck . except for my friends 
going to bed to dream about not waking up . such a tease 
Stopping grannies at the a & p , steal their money buy something for me : a six of blatts and a pack of butts , to rendezvous with the other three nuts 
the 15 minute war with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Hasse is over . 
I need not your puppet government , nor crave the drug of religion , nor the allure of the flesh . I stand alone , strong in my fierceness of spirit , which not one of you can match . I will never be broken for my will is unbreakable . Bring . It . On . the weakness of this world shall be dominated by me . 
after two days away , < PROPFEMALE > is purring and shedding with a vengeance 
anyone feel like hanging out 
It's cold gin time again . 
we fall upon you , \ 
prepare to meet your fate . \ 
mankind is an insect , \ 
we must exterminate 
Might and Lust my work \ 
No trust is for man \ 
Father of unholy damnation light \ 
rewarding assistance for an ended life 
i believe i want to leave this country , perhaps the planet 
I trust nobody , not even me . i'm not myself half the time , so why should i ? 
Movements are systems and systems kill . \ 
Movements are expressions of the public will . \ 
Punk became a movement cos we all felt lost , \ 
But the leaders sold out and now we all pay the cost . \ 
Punk narcissism was social napalm , \ 
< PROPMALE > Jones started doing real harm . \ 
Preaching revolution , anarchy and change\ 
As he sucked from the system that had given him his name . 
MUHAHAHAHAHA !! my red-black unhinged deck of ultimate Troll is compleeeeeete ahahahahahhahahahhahaha !!!!!!! 
GOT BLOODY PIT OF HORROR ?!?!?!?!? I FUCKING DO !!!!!!!!! BE JEALOUS !!!! 
:/ 
mmmmmm ..... bourbony goodnesss 
My Mind Still Functions\ 
But My Body's In Pieces\ 
Somehow I Live\ 
I Can Feel Them\ 
Tearing Flesh\ 
Ripping Skin\ 
Gnawing Bones\ 
Eating Me\ 
Why Won't This End 
Do we own our own bodies or does the State ? If we do , then we have the right to choose our own time and manner of death . If the State does , then are we just pieces of national property ? 
why don't you go away ? it's not worth it afterl all 
kinda pissed . i mean more than usual 
im bored 
i stand before you , a self sufficient being . 
i dream of deleting this account and withdrawing from the internet 
leaving town . got to disappear 
phenomenally smashed in some random bar 
HP 7 WAS SWEEETTT !! 
i guess i win after all 
goodbye 
if anyone wants to reach me , leave me something here . otherwise those with my number can reach me that way . when school resumes , i won't be at the coffee house . 
i hate the holidays 
It might be illegal to be this happy 
the game 
missing people sucks 
She is amazing . 
phone dead . miss my devynn :( 
Missing my devynn , missing my elf 
She makes my heart spin like a tilt-a-whirl , \ 
Yea , yea , yea , she's my kind of girl 
miss my devynn 
gf's mom is being a bitch 
ha ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVpJZDnsPpQ&feature=related 
why do i always get sucked into first season power rangers ? 
I am .. electroll 
finals : round 1 complete . Take that Existentialism ! 
Finals : round 2 compete , long but easy . 
i hate being bored 
once again i get sucked into watching power rangers 
fucked up my laptop . infuriated 
it's just a jump to the left , and then a step to the right . put your hands on your hips and bring your knees in tight . 
people of the interwebs , up yours . that is all 
has made a fucking commitment to improve his goddamn language 
Attention holiday types . Overly festive people people will be temporarily deleted until after christmas . that way i don't have to hear crappy christmas songs , and you don't have to hear my creatively obscene versions . win-win . 
pissed off . cant have a nice conversation i guess 
Gwar will Serve The Master .. Or GWAR WILL DIE !!! 
so , i've been thinking of pushing this writing thing .. maybe take a few requests . i'm not charging anything , and i'd like to see my friends take an interest in my work . 
who doesn't love blues in the key of E ? 
I got gas and oil flowing through my veins\ 
I got wire and plastic in my brain\ 
I'm Techno Destructo ! \ 
TECHNO DESTRUCTO ! 
people of facebook . fuck you . you get on to interact with people , and then when i try to talk or share some lulz , youu freak the hell out . don't want to talk to me ? dont be my fucking friend . simple as that . or maybe not , as half of you are fucking retarded . decide where you stand or get the hell off my bloody chat list . thank you 
Excitement about , I almost can't wait\ 
Relax , I don’t want your baby , I already ate 
You , The masses , the worthless canker that crawls on this earth , bother me no more lest I crush you with no more thought than scratching my nose . It sickens me the way you pretend to be my friend . 
Anyone else hate christmas ? 
i kind of miss the fluffy retard 
DECK THE HALLS WITH SOUNDS OF METAL !!!!!!! \ 
TIS THE SEASON TO BE BRUTAL ! Have a Br00tal Christmas everyone . 
Perhaps it was the noid that should've avoided me ... 
piss off 
I was driving down the freeway in the fastlane with a rabid wolverine in my underwear . 
don't take it personally , but i hate all of you deeply . 
i . made . goat tokens . 
i need a drink 
fuck you can of soup , i gots my keyboard fixed . :D 
doodely doodely 
Well , my annual nevrous breakdown has come and gone . I drank an unhealthy amount of alcohol , and curled in the fetal position with a loaded 9mm . Good Times , i guess . 
Our lager , \ 
Which < PROPMALE > in barrels , \ 
Hallowed be Thy drink , \ 
Thy will be drunk , \ 
( I will be drunk ) , \ 
At home as I am in the tavern . \ 
Give us this day our foamy mead , \ 
And forgive us our spillages , \ 
As we forgive those who spill against us , \ 
And lead us not to incarceration , \ 
But deliver us from hangovers , \ 
For thine is the beer , \ 
The bitter and the lager , \ 
Forever and ever , \ 
Barmen . 
I'm Writing again ... 
dance for your crystalline god of metal and glass , and steel . pray for their false electronic blessings . all shall pass in the next cycle . As for Me , I dance for the Void . for the Un-death . 
Wellll kids , it's that time again . 90% of the people on here are egotistical soul sucking douchebags . Let the culling of the idiots commence . 
hope is only the delusion of yourself on purpose 
Your mom 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower , armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 1% are awesome , and will re-post this . Will you ? 
your mom 
despise the the new youtube format 
The Game 
bored 
Blitzkrieg , \ 
the crystaline lattice of modern suburbia shudders under repulsive homogeneity , \ 
the fungus among us , we , they\ 
rushes toward self anihilation , with smug grins . The comma brings your death , numbered unit #283393 , serial number CBU5389 . Blandness , conformity is all encompassing , inescapable . 
Two months wednesday >:3 > 
Im thinking of a game .... that you just lost 
THe Game 
My < PROPMALE > Senses Are Tingling ... 
OHAYOCON FREAKING ROCKED !!! 
And you don't understand it ' cause your not supposed to\ 
Like a < PROPFEMALE > cane snake in a jealous cartoon\ 
And I'm gonna leave soon but first I need to\ 
Drink a Chevy < PROPMALE > face and rape Robo-Cop 2 
Ahem . The Game 
Feel like shit . i can barely move . 
the elf is sick . shit . 
bored and bummed . 
going drinkin with my boy and his girl . drunken revelry 
bored as hell again 
Problem , sobriety ? > : > 
The High Forum Moderator met the enemy with grim determination . He would hold his ideals steadfast to destroy the powerful infidel . 
fed up with this poke shit . where's the smack upside the head button ? 
breaking down . 
that kind of day . 
about to get very drunk 
The End . 
is there any reason to wake up tomorrow ? 
Did you hear about the < PROPMALE > fire in South East Asia ? \ 
The headline was IMA ? FIRIN MALASIA !!! 
so this ring accidently found it's way onto the elf's finger . 
i hope to write a song as awesome as \Bambi Sandwich \"" 
weird lump on my left armpit . that is all . 
Too much alcohol lol . but ggod times 
Nothing on this planet is more lethal than beer farts . 
victory is to survive and death is defeat 
youtube just got less fun 
absurdly discordian . long live eris 
go to school in gang attire , \ 
let beavis and butthead preach to the youth about fire . 
i'm hiding any status i see that i deem overtly attention seeking . keep your sensationalist bullshit to yourself . we're mature people here . 
finish this song : \Meat \"..." 
Either some wall pissed me off enough to headbutt it , or its the worst hangover yet . why do you wound me so , alcohol ? we get along so well and then you stab me in the back . in all probabilty though i probably ran into a wall . 
be warned , if you , like myself , delight in trolling your significant other . it gets painful when they realize what's going on . 
now that i'm home , my cat will not leave me the fuck alone . 
I summon .... The Reaganator 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X70VMrH3yBg&feature=related 
damn it . 
Some days , you just have to scream SLAYER !! 
been playing bass , and it feels good to have a working amp in the house after 5 months . i've got an ungodly amount of practice to put in 
My Name is Will . Not < PROPFIRST > , not < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > bob(might let that one slide ) . get it fucking right , or i swear to me , i'll delete your putrescent carcass off my damn profile . 
