Thank God .. the Emergencies have ended .. for a day anyway . LOL 

Photos of my trip with Grandma to Ireland are finally posted , but you'll have to wait some more for the info . LOL . 
I hope there are no ER calls so I can sleep tonight . 
Has been crabby all day ... but not so much anymore . 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ...... 
Just finished making a GAZILLION Gallons of fresh apple cider ! 
I'm tired ! 
Dr. < PROPFEMALE > - 1 , Upper right wisdom tooth - 0 
woot , woot ... Happy New Year ! 
salmon BLT for lunch ... and chicken enchilada suizas and green rice for dinner !!! MMmmmm ! 
If there is NO such thing as Global Warming ........... will someone please explain to me WHY it is raining in December and January ??..... in north-central Wisconsin ?... cuz I'm not convinced ! 
is enjoying every second spent with < PROPFIRST > this weekend ! :) 
is having a great day so far except for a couple close calls with Arabs and their hooves ! One client even made me some brownies !!...... Only ONE thing could make the day better . :) 
Ok ... so ... 2.5 hours of nonstop rectal ultrasounds , accidental ingestion of GnRH and still have 3 mares to breed ! 
Finally done with work for the day ........ maybe I'll rent New < PROPFEMALE > and chill . 
is nursing an aching thumb that was nearly removed by a 4month old lab today . :( 
is looking forward to tonight ! 
is having a good day so far and hopes there aren't a lot of ER calls this weekend . 
Just watched Rabbit Proof Fence again ! Such a sad story . :( 
Is making Chicken Tikka Masala tonight for dinner in honor of the BEST college housemate EVER ! :) .... < PROPFEMALE > Rozario 
Can't wait to have dinner at HuHot with someone special and friends ! :) 
is ROFL about tonight's < PROPFEMALE > Silverman show . 
Clash of the Titans gets 2 thumbs up !! 
Happy Easter Everyone ! :) 
is very excited about going camping at Devil's Lake for his birthday ! 
Steak and veggies for dinner ....... New < PROPFEMALE > on blu-ray ... and Ziggy by my side . :) 
is as busy as a one legged man in a butt-kicking contest cuz the boss is gone and the other doctor didn't come to work today because of the blizzard ! 
It's just past midnight ..... I spent the last 2 hours doing a GDV surgery on a post-parturient Great < PROPMALE > . She walked out of the clinic to go home and nurse her pups . 
thinks the staff at the clinic has gotten into some catnip or SOMETHING ! :) 
hates EVIL Parvovirus and owners/people who don't vaccinate puppies . :( 
???????? ?? ????????? ????? ???! Phone calls through the night ..... C-section at 4am .... REMIND me why I spent so many thousands of $ to do this . LOL . 
Had an amazing time with < PROPFIRST > tonight . 
Next Friday Brewers Game + < PROPFIRST > Cone and < PROPFEMALE > Schmiel and < PROPMALE > Schmiel = A LOT OF FUN ! :) 
is picking the rubber and dirt out from his teeth from having been thrown under the bus at work today by < PROPFIRST > Schultz LOL . :) 
Brewers game tonight with my boo and some friends !! Woooo whooooo ! 
STUPID BREWERS ! 
has removed rotting fetal membranes from a mare , 4 large boulders from a cats bladder , performed rountine spays and neuters ..... and the day is just warming up ! 
Had a perfect start to the day until I got the call to help catch a fugitive black lab . After about 1.5 hours of nearly non-stop running through swamps , marsh , and tilled fields , I finally \cowboyed up\ " with my lasso that I had been carrying/dragging behind the whole time to catch the beast !... and I haven't even had breakfast yet . Not bad for a 30 yr old man !! ha ha ha . " 
The IMPOSSIBLE task was not so IMPOSSIBLE for ME !! :) 
was just asked to be a motivational speaker at his highschool for the National Honor Society !!! How exciting ! 
is just really frustrated at the moment . 
is feeling much better now that he got the sand out of his crack LOL . 
is working hard today .... but got his venison hotdogs and sticks from great clients !! :) 
I LOVE IT WHEN THERE IS SNOW IN MAY !!!..... NOT ! 
just found out that my godfather passed away overnight and I just saw him 2 days ago . :( 
Can't wait to see Iron Man 2 tonight !! 
Peanut butter and strawberry/rhubarb sandwich for lunch today !! yum . 
is about to explode with excitement for the camping trip with < PROPFIRST > Cone , < PROPFEMALE > Schmiel , and < PROPMALE > Schmiel this weekend . 
Thank you all for reminding me that I'm getting older !.... now I'm going to leave for a great weekend camping , hiking , kayaking , and other fun things that apparently YOUNG people do . LOL . :) 
needs to change his digits so SOMEONE from his PAST will leave him the F alone . 
is excited to have < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > working with us at our hospital for the summer . WELCOME BACK < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
I LOVE HEAT !... but not having to work in this humidity . :( 
wishes he was out in his kayak today ! 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; courage to change the things I can ; and wisdom to know the difference . If anyone knows of a clinic in need of a mixed animal practitioner please contact me cuz I've all but had it with my current employment situation . 
wierd !?... I was having a nightmare about a mini with a dystocia and got an ER call for ... yep ! a mini with dystocia . thank God the real thing was a success , not a nightmare . 
Is happy that my family got to meet < PROPFIRST > yesterday .... and that they like him !! :) 
can't wait to watch dear < PROPFIRST > with a great friend tonight ! :) 
eventhough dinner wasn't so good , I had a great time with @ < PROPFIRST > Cone 
had a great time with < PROPFIRST > and his family and friends ... even learned how to rope a calf lol . 
so I was bowling and had a premature release and the ball hit the guard and rolled all the way back up to me lol 
is so HAPPY ! My boo had lunch ready for me when I got home and is making dinner for later as well ! I <3 you < PROPFIRST > Cone 
< PROPFIRST > and I are about to see < PROPFEMALE > Griffon at Pride !!! 
cascada at the rave tonight 
Cascada was amazing ! I had so much fun ! 
me and my boo are just chillin at the zoo ! :) 
back in gb at Justins house after a good weekend in milwaukee . 
has some really big decisions to make in the next several days . 
what a day today !... and its only half past . 
its raining and I'm getting wet in my tent :( 
Eclipse was AMAZING ! 
Manawa rodeo is done for tonight and went well ! now 2 more times tomorrow and once on sunday ... hope the animals stay safe on my watch ! 
I had a great day with < PROPFIRST > and family today ! 
Can't wait for tomorrow ! 
went kayaking for a couple hours today ! :) 
Missing someone ... 
Had a wonderful time at the O'Neil wedding yesterday with < PROPFIRST > and his family . 
Had a nightmare last night that < PROPFEMALE > Palin , GW , and < PROPFIRST > McCain showed up at my wedding with their guns , protesting . Silly me , I thought Republicans wanted the government OUT of our private lives . Perhaps they are too narrow-minded to even see that . Anyway , there is SEPARATION of CHURCH and STATE for a reason . 
made eggs < PROPMALE > for a special someone today ! now going to get a movie and then cut wood when < PROPFIRST > goes to work . 
done with surgeries ...... now off to cut wood . 
The expoendables was a GREAT movie ! 
There are NO crab legs left at the chinese buffet cuz my friend < PROPFEMALE > ate them all lol ! 
Just sitting here watching Avatar ... alone :( 
praying for anything to take his mind off something ... 
wishes he lived on Pandora ... 
very sleepy today . 
I have to go exam a 3wk old yak calf ......... WHAT ????? 
needs a pair of those < PROPFEMALE > colored glasses ... 
I love the song little lion man by mumford and sons 
its my day off and its raining ... guess I'll just sit at home all day and bake lol . 
3 1/2 hrs of rectal exams ... I'm pooped ! 
TGIF !!! 
done for the day ... hopefully ! :) 
just finished watching 27 dresses ha ha 
uterine torsions ... fun !! NOT !!! 
FRIDAY !!!! and < PROPFIRST > doesn't work tonight ! Finally we can spend some time together !!! :D 
just feel blah . 
just finished pressing a bunch of apples for fresh cider . YUM !!! 
sitting next to thumbkin twitchy tyu$kJ 
IT'S FRIDAY !!!!! 
happy sweetest day everyone ! 
This waiting is driving me crazy ! 
Put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . A wish that people will SOON understand , that being gay is not a disease nor a choice ! People who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE & EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your ..... status for at least one hour ? Promote LOVE and Acceptance ?. 
Why does a domestic partnership registration cost the same amount as a marriage fee ??? 
< PROPFIRST > wants us to be ketchup and mustard for halloween but I want us to be < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > LOL 
well I guess we could be a priest and alter boy LMFAO . 
paranormal 2 was ok 
just saw RED and it was great ! 
fat kid : \trick r treat ? \ " Me : hello ! fat kid :\ " ew I don't like those ! \ " (mixed < PROPFEMALE > ) Me(thinking ): good cuz you're fat enough !!.. now get off my steps lol . I gave him 1 small snickers bar and said happy halloween ha ha ha " 
Not happy with all the red in the voting results .... America is in for some MORE tough times unfortunately . 
I wish the ER's would just stop already 
what a crappy day , I just want a hot bath and go to bed ! 
Can't wait for happy hour tonight ! 
OMG ! I just had the most amazingly delcious dinner : venison wrapped in bacon with some secret cone family recipe . 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
excited about having vegetarian dinner with my friend < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 
I need a long vacation from EVERYTHING before I go insane ! 
well I'm off to a good start . I have a 7am herd check and just found out that I locked the only set of keys in the fucking truck overnight . 
I should have put on more layers today . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Hiaku from quelf tonight : My armpits are deep - look at them my little sweet- do not smell , or weep . 
wow the Packers really suck . 
Leg of lamb ordered from the butcher shop for Christmas .... now all I have to do is make some fresh mint jelly to go with it ! 
hates temptation and wishes it would go away . 
Can't wait until the weekend ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a good .... 
????????? ???????????? ??? ???? ?????? 
Manuia < PROPFEMALE > Karisimasi ! 
Mele Kalikimaka ! 
new phone number today ... more to follow ... 
just finished making Pastel de tres leches ( y mas ) for desert after dinner tomorrow with a wonderful family ! :) 
You know why boys are better than girls ? Cuz we have < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and they have < PROPFEMALE > Palin . 
< PROPFEMALE > palin is as evil as the Devil himself . 
really not feeling well today :( 
hopes for quiet night so I can watch a movie with someone special . 
OMG !!!!!! 
... I've got a feeling .... that tonight is NOT gonna be a good night ... 
well the Packers got lucky after all . 
Already not having a good day and it's just begun . :( 
good friends are always there when you need them ! I had a great time tonight . :) 
I hate u red lobster ! 
Over-stressed , Over-weight , Under-slept and sick of people ! I need a new life or a long solitary vacation .... I guess today will have to do . 
Just want to let anyone that interested know that I am going to delete my FB account sometime soon . If you would like to stay in contact with me feel free to email me your info . 
So I've decided not to delete my account . I'm just really struggling to deal with the loneliness and emptyness from having recently lost the love of my life and our 4 month engagement forever . 
“When things are bad , we take comfort in the thought that they could always be worse . And when they are , we find hope in the thought that things are so bad they have to get better . ” - Unknown 
Spent the last couple hours teaching 3rd graders .... I'm exhausted !!! 
