oh god , the amc flight got delayed . one more days stuck on bahrain . all i can do now is wait ..... 

im in nas naples right now , left souda bay 1hr and 30min ago . sooo tierd ... one more stop ; almost there !!! my cat so far has survied this trip . 
woke up . sleeping in a bed felt wonderful after 2 days on sitting in a plane . cat more mellow until the next plane ride , hoho . its good to be back in the states , yay !!! 
mmm 
the day has come , my end is here , as i sit in the amc waiting on the flight in norfolk . had fun , went mad , stayed calm with family and friends . got bored sometimes but it was good . cat still crazy ;p 
i hate the amc !!!! untill tomorrow . night 
a week has gone by and so far its not bad . indoc is long , but very insitefull about what to do here . started looking at places to live . the housing has a cool system on the computers , where you can look for places ; boy i wish theyed had this when i was in bahrain looking for apartment it would had been easier on everyones pockets . : l 
oh my god , today's tour of the city Cantania was amazing . Good sight seeing monuments , loved the stores-expensive of course . Ate at a family restaurant , and afterwards had a snack at the bar with my sight seeing < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . My feet are still sore from all that walking . And since tomorrow is a holiday the base is mostly closed : to Catania we go . look for some nice funiture for my new place . yay !!! 
tired ... 
happy holidays everybody !!!! much love from me . Be safe and happy for me 
Christmas dinner was wonderful ; < PROPMALE > made it loved it . My awesome man . yay happy holidays everyone . 
finally off ... 4 days of relaxation yay !... not . got to fix a lot of stuff tomorrow . busy , busy . 
to all that i know , a happy New Year . May we all be thankful for what we have and will have soon . Now go party and get wasted for me :p , i unfortunately have to work on the day of celebration so yeah . ( rock on !!! ) 
My dame car was acting funny yesterday after work . Good thing i was still on base because , coming back from the gym it would not start . Today i started the car , it worked but there was a delay in it . so now , it's with the Auto port people . Hopefully nothing serious . 
need a new starter for the car they say . And now , my service engine soon light is on . 
finally got my part for the car ! soon my pretty will start ... soon ... 
car is running ! 
Going to Africa with my opposite- hopefully where there be some action in this deployment . 
finished eating with my tormentor , he'll be doing the dishes . now just cuddling with him . 
to sleep soon 
So no Djibouti i guess . sad about it , i really did want to go . well , now i can concentrait on important stuff to do . 
Forgot my cell at home , so cant call my guy or call anyone for that matter . Cant live without technology , thank man for internet . 
want cookies ! 
Another year added to my life today , on this day of independance ... from my mom's womb ! (lol ) Wish there were fireworks to see :( 
Happy freedom everybody ! (not . ) We heve our independance , yea !! 
a tired week . lets see how work goes tommorow . :o 
Things will be changing soon , the trajedy ! 
still sick uhh :( 
