yay !!!! club was a blast ! and was nice bringing in a new yr with my bf and good friend bubba ! 

lifes a beoch along with BREAKUPS ! 
another day at home by myself ..... bored as all can be 
few .... feel a bit better . took a 3 hour nap after church lol 
dreading the thought of goin into dennys and working . already did my full time job . and now i have to go in at 6 :( 
tired from the club . & black and white party wasnt to bad at the chart . love those hot lesi bartenders lol 
oh and im goin to gay brunch today i guess at 11 in mt p ... 
cant wait to see a certain somebody again ! 
well im goin to bed ... and wakin up a yr older ... Yay Me 
THANK YOU ALL for the wonderful wishes and happy bday messages . loved them lol . had a great day btw and cant wait to do my bday dinner tomm at myabis ! 
jus got back from the club .... and found out that the 1 person i that i liked i was buggin the hell out of ............ lifes a bitch ............ and its hard as hell to read pp . :( 
oh wow . been forever since ive been on here . been so damn busy 
so im hoping pantheon is hoppin 2nite ! fingers r crossed cause its < PROPMALE > day tomm ! hope to see some of u guys out 
few . back from the club . was droppin it like it was hot fo sho ! loved it along with all the attention lol 
fuck this shit . tired of ppl playin games . and i fuckin have bronchitus on top of this BS 
i went 2 the doc yest & found out i have the swine flu ! feel like poo & i have 2 be off work 4 a wk ! cant wait till bills come ard . just makes me miss my ex . i so miss cuddlin & some1 2 always b there . and 2 come home 2 . speacially in times like this when i so could use some tlc ! what makes a relationship all the more better . makes u miss what u had . & makes me wonder y any1 in there right mind would want 2 be single . 
any1 know any1 that is looking for a place to stay ? roomy is moving out 
whats evey gettin into tonight ? 
Ok happy new year blah blah ... WHO WAS YOUR FIRST KISS OF 2011 !?!? 
well im bored here waiting for a certain some1 to get done with hmwk ! but i love u < PROPFIRST > ! lol 
cant go to sleep ...... and fell bad bc my bf is sick :( 
hope u feel better < PROPFIRST > miles-sturey ! love u 
i just wanna say FUCK LIFE 
u take 2 freakin steps forward and 10 backwards ! hate it ! 
glad to be off work ! god bless yall workin at chenega now ! lol 
5:45 am pls come slower thank quicker lol . if any1 one is up b4 that and wants to give me a call to get me up i'd love ya ! 
chilin at home before i have to work again :( 
God , had a great night with my bf < PROPMALE > . and ate so much damn shit at early bird with < PROPMALE > , and damn < PROPFEMALE > lol .. glad to see some ya bithces out tonight 
so glad to see my ex with a diffrent trick every night . make ya so glad not to be with them . luv ya < PROPMALE > ;) 
Bored b4 next class ! gettin in the swing of summer classes suck ! late for my first class today : 0 
Whoever said keep your friends close and your enemies closer is a pure genius ! 
i love you baby 
at home studying for 3 tests ! and had a good time at gay beach day 
FEW ! done with my business law test ! think i did really good ! 
i dont think its a good thing when ur bank account is balanced at 911 :/ 
ok so every1 knows we were joking yest . and i didnt realize it would show engaged if < PROPFIRST > didnt accept it 
So peeps if you know me and we are friends and you haven't already received a text from me then send me an email with your number 
Few took my test for the secret service hope it went well 
So I was just thinking there is this one coworker I used to be on the same shift with but I've never seen any1 with so much arm hair . Its like they could make a couple blankets at once from all the arm hair . If any1 is interested a blanket let me know . I'll cut off some hair while he's sleeping on post 
three things : 1 I'm still waiting to hear back from the SS . 2 work is crazy . I don't look at my sched more than one day at a time , its to disappointing . 3 if you wake up at chenega its time to go home , if you wake up at home its time to go to chenega . ( motto per smith ) 
Ok so I don't know who da hell convinced me to go to the chart , the biggest lesi bar on a fri night ! What was I thinking 
Yay pantheon 
save the 50 questions , we've been broke up for a good minute now , it was mutual and it was due . looking for friends and thats about it . \ 
thanks\ 
tls 
few , j is out and we can start moving on and heal 
ok so i've been waiting and waiting and finaly-\ 
\ 
Dear < PROPFIRST > STUREY , \ 
You have passed the Police Officer Selection Test ( POST ) , administered by the United States Secret Service 
Patricks for pool anyone ? 
Went to red orchids last night and it was the bomb , thinking about going there for my bday 
What's everyone doing tonight ????? \ 
first sun I don't have to work in the morn and everyone is busy ot going out of town 
Is it bad when the only thing keeping you afloat & not going insane is knowing that some bastard has < PROPFEMALE > coming to him ??? ¿¿¿ ??? 
Ok so I'm at the best job that could ever be this morn ....... I'm standing there talking to a coworker and a < PROPFEMALE > tries to go up my nose , and ends up stinging the tip of my nose !! And then leaves the stinger in , for real < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Chart tonight anyone ? Wanna shoot some pool here 
Just wanted to day good morning all , hope you have a good day . I'll be stuck at chenega for 12hrs ... 
Another great day at chenega . Ofc MAY decides to run to chief like a lil bitch cause I said \are you fucking kidding me\ " to him . So I get written up for disrespecting an officer ... When I was up there to relieve him per chief and he wasn't listening to me . " 
Just wanted to THANK YOU ALL for the birthdays wishes and love !!! Kinda going through a bit right now and y'all defanatly made my day ! \ 
Thanks again , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
Thanks again for all the bay wishes , never had so many before ! Had a great day ! 
SOOOOOOOOO i got some good news today , continuing on with the secret service , i have an interview oct 12th at 10am !!!!!! time to go buy a suite i suppose ....... 
Few , interview only took 2.5 hrs ! But hopefully it will be worth it . Will find out approximately 45days 
I wish some ppl would grow the hell up , and give to shits abt there significant other ! 
YAY for me !!!!!!!!!!!! just had the worst day in a long long long time !!!!!!!!!!! thank you OCT 26 ! 
Feeling like a nut 
Can't wait ! Less than two days ! 
6 hrs to go ! Then I'll vfw off work and ?!?! 
this weekend went by way to fast !!! but i had an amazing amazing amazing weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
All good things must cone to an end , sucks when you didn't even see it coming 
Fuck ppl who think they are your friends ! aka LM !!!!!!!!!! 
So I was just told : if I had a pussy , I'd put a ring on your finger and marry you . You can freaking cook . Lmao 
I really shouldnt leave my phone with a stranger 
Anyone going to patricks tonight that it will make it worth while ?? Oh wait I'm going , that will suffice 
