happy new years to those of you in my life that i've carried over to 2010 with me , and to those who are no longer present in my life uhhh ... sucks to be you :-) 

wants to go on a road trip somewhere far far away .... anyone wanna join ? 
some ppl drink at the fountain of knowledge , others just gargle ... 
is confused ... 
is close to removing her braces herself ! 
just washed my car all by myself !!! well ... i had just a little help but good enough :) 
If we meet and you forget me you have lost nothing , but if you meet Jesus Christ and forget him , you have lost everything ~ George Winborne ~ 
needs to learn how to manage money ... gosh i need a job ! 
is starting to dislike his ways more and more everyday ... ride is over ! get off my plane i'm flying solo :P 
is so ready for school to start ... 
disagree's with all the ppl who think i'm old fashioned ... ( gee ) ... just not wild like you other ppl ha 
school starts monday .... was anxious to go , now i wanna stay home !!! 
school is not so bad , well at least not yet ... 
is heartbroken :~( 
has decided to no longer pursue psychology ... don't know what i'm gonna do ... 
is going to ignore this female's little antics ... besides , she is below me .... poor child :) 
wishes there was a cure for stupidity .... 
Just found out i made an \A\ " on my biology test and a \ " B\ " on my psychology test ... feeling really good right now :) " 
thinking about doing some homework ... only thinking about it :) 
is with family laughing , exchanging jokes and stories , eating , and eating and eatings ... oh and did i mention eating 
has one class on tuesday's which is at 8:00 a.m. , got out of that class at 8:05 .... sweet ! 
is excited ! i got another scholarship ! 
is so tired of being treated like i'm a little child ... come on ppl ( parents ) i'm very responsible just give me a little trust and space gosh ! is that too much to ask ?! I regret not getting away while i had the < PROPMALE > ... 
was going to see brookhaven play < PROPFIRST > county .... but ..... rain and good hair don't mix .... 
hates when ppl act so dramatic over stupid things ... gosh get over yourself !.. it's really annnoying ... 
should be studying for that american history test tomorrow ... but .... i'm not ... well not yet 
is thinking about getting a piercing w/o my mother's consent ... besides , what can she do about it ?.... nothing ! :) 
it's a shame how ppl try to use you when no one else is around to \entertain\ " them .. well sorry < PROPMALE > that's all over with ... maybe you should get a life or something :) " 
question fb : how do i get several slide shows to print in small boxes on one < PROPFEMALE > ? 
well everything happens for a reason ... it's just not always for the best .. well it may seem like that until i get over it .... 
think i'm going to the homecoming production and game tomorrow ... 
has a new record . got out of class today at 8:03 , we turned in papers and were dismissed .. i'm wondering ... e-mail maybe ? would save time , energy and gas !... 
was told by my mama that i'm going to be cut off financially ... lmbo ! yea right ! she must've forgotten that there's this guy i know named dad ! 
' s mind is set to believe that everything happens for a reason and that everything is predestined by God . Just gotta try to catch what life throws at you ... 
is just waiting for dr. < PROPMALE > to come on .... 
continuously runs into guys unworthy of my time ... wth ? 
thinks she's a very nice person and easy to get along with , and for those of you who i do not get along with , it is obvious that something is wrong with you ... 
thinking about skipping psychology tomorrow , i'm so not ready for that test . 
is like don't say it if you don't mean it because it's lying , you're just too dumb to realize it ... 
sharonica and < PROPFEMALE > are not going to be here saturday , rare !... what shall i do to pass the lovely time of being siblingless lol ? 
omg ! just googled my name and there is one other person in the US that has the same name as me ! how fascinating is that ? ( ok well probably not to you ) 
is in deep deep thought , so deep my head is hurting . It's amazing how small things such as him never fail to stress me , and we don't even converse anymore , so why are these feelings still here ? hmm .... 
has been sneezing all day , my freaking head hurts so bad , i can't breathe through my right nostril , but just one more day until i can sleep all i want ... 
is having a bitter/sweet moment .... 
ok i think i'm done eating for tonight .... i think ... 
has been studying since last friday and won't be finished until sunday ... i'm exhausted 
is telling ya'll to pray that i pass all three midterms tomorrow , thanks in advance ! 
is just waking up from a three hour nap , now i feel horrible ... but glad my last final was today :-) 
Believe little of what you hear but believe all that you see ! SN : mama didn't raise a fool ! 
has just waken up from a three hour nap and has the worst headache 
well ... it's about that time ( school ) , i'm ready to go back and get it over with 
never fails to find amusement and humor in every situation , whether good or bad 
when life hands you lemons , make lemonade , sell it and become < PROPMALE > :~) 
hard work and prayer ain't never hurt nobody 
just saw a lady get her purse taken and several people < PROPMALE > the man in wal mart's parking lot , now that's something i've never seen before ... 
is watching dr. oz and it's .... ummm ... interesting 
according to some people i act stuck up , well .... i'm not acting , it's the real me ... don't get mad if i'm not one of your many \groupies or fans\ " because nothing you do is beneficial to me " 
well ... my < PROPFIRST > will be who it usually is ... JESUS , he's definitely better than the rest 
Sharonica Henderson , as of now ..... i disown you ! 
went to the hair shop today =) ... so i'm feeling normal again !!! 
if you dwell on the past you'll never move forward ; when there is no progress there is no success ... hmm ... 
There's an important difference between giving up and letting go- < PROPFEMALE > Hatchigan 
Ahh .... Trey Songz ... a new fav . 
midterm grades are looking oh so nice ... what could be better than being a beautiful and smart girl ?... umm nothing ha ..... 
Forgive your enemies , but never forget their names . -JFK 
love-one of the most misused words in the english vocab . -don't say it if you don't mean it because it's a lot of power behind it .... 
is about to ATTEMPT to write this research paper .... gosh .... i really don't want to 
has come to the conclusion that i can't function without my daily nap .... 
is gonna try not to get on facebook for like five days starting tomorrow ha .... seems nearly impossible ... 
anything worth having isn't gonna be easy to obtain ... SN : didn't even make it through the first day lol ... 
some people put entirely too much info on fb ... this is not maury , dr. < PROPMALE > , or < PROPFIRST > springer .... smh SN : has just waken up from a five hour nap , literally five hours 
watching one of my favorite movies of all time-Boyz N the Hood ... 
just got home and glad that the besties are doing a little better ... 
some things that seem bad at first can really be a blessing in disguise .... * E . D . C . * 
i'm so bored ..... no homework , sisters are at school , read my book , dad is out and about , mama is working , somebody save me before i resort to food for comfort and entertainment ..... 
I'm ready to wash my car ! it's not black anymore .... it's yellow . when will this pollen stop falling ? 
thinks you are not worthy enough to be in my thoughts ... i . i wish your laugh , smile , and face would leave my brain 
just got home , had fun at the festival but so sore and didn't even walk that much .... 
ugh .... darn MathXL !!!! 
so yea , you've told me all the bad about him and no good ... think i'll form my own opinion whether you're right or not SN : still gonna do what i want to , regardless ... 
If it ain't one thing it's another ..... 
If it's not meant to be it'll come to an end and if it is , it will fall back in place ... oh well , never been the type to stress over a guy 
knows that she does not match today , but i dress how i feel ... SN : these sinuses are kicking my butt 
wants some chinese food like really bad and some < PROPFEMALE > barbecue wings from pizza hut ..... just saying 
my little cousin just told me i looked like a barbie .... he's only four and is now my favorite little person 
Life isn't about finding yourself . Life is about creating yourself . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Shaw 
Love- the source of the greatest joy and greatest pain 
\You are a waste of sperm and egg . \"- Bronté Pimpshawtyb < PROPFEMALE > " 
still laughing at this guy for calling me stuck up and telling me to come off my pedestal .... psssh , if he wants me he'll climb up it lmao .... SN : i lower my standards for no one ; i only expect the best ... smh 
Done rode four wheelers and ate crawfish all day .... that's what i call a good day 
Finals ..... 
prayed my butt off and the Lord came through , as usual , and blessed me with my A in bio2 ... Hallelujah !!! SN : I can't stand hot weather ! 
is so sore i swear these new wires weigh about 25lbs each , my head and teeth hurt .... 
Is thanking God for blessing me to make all A's .... SN : i'm bored , what shall i do today ??? 
If one more person pulls out in front of the mazda or almost hits me , they're getting the finger ... 
Random Question : Is it Y'all or Ya'll ??? i think it's y'all .... 
honestly , couldn't care less because if it ain't about me then i don't care .... yep , selfish .... 
OMG ! Y'all need to be watching grey's anatomy 
Can not sit beside sharonica henderson during weddings funerals or any other gatherings anymore because she plays/jokes entirely too much ... just rude ! 
Thought this was Facebook not eHarmony , so ..... stay out of my inbox and off my chat because all of you young , unattractive , bad grammar using boys annoy me 
is there anyone willing to take on the challenge of micro braiding my real hair , if that is possible ? 
it's interesting how people act like your bestfriend when they need something then when they make a little improvement for themselves they do a 360 on you and barely wanna speak when they see you , but that's fine because they'll need me before i need them , and that's a fact ! 
Is sooooo bored and I miss my sister , Sharonica Henderson SN : guess i'll pay the library a visit tomorrow because I've seen just about everything on Dish .... 
Don't be a nickel out here looking for a dime lol 
some people can't handle a break-up ha , he thinks he's crazy .... 
Is thanking God for letting me live to see 19 because many didn't make it this far SN : thanks again to everyone who wished me a happy birthday .... 
Enjoying myself at the beach 
you need God , he doesn't need you . - my mama 
so this is Sharonica hacking into my sisters facebook < PROPFEMALE > lol ... wonder what kind of interesting things i will see in her inbox .. hmm lol 
i'm so effin ' bored , i'm about to start taking applications for new friends 
is really happy today :-) SN : it's a shame i have to turn off my chat just to avoid talking to some people ... 
the lakers are so overrated .... 
in three words i can sum up everything i've learned about life : It Goes On- < PROPFIRST > frost 
Is so bored , i'm ready to go back to school ! SN : times like this i wish i had a boyfriend to entertain me lol 
some of y'all are taking the game a little too serious , i mean c'mon , are you gonna benefit from the win ( other than financially , because i know some of y'all bet on it) ? smh .... anyway , it's starting to get annoying .... 
Your rewards in life are always in direct proportion to your contribution SN : what you get is what you deserve 
don't keep running back to the one person that you need to walk away from ... just saying , makes you look ..... foolish ? 
Is still up ! Is anyone else ? 
Wishes she could read minds .... 
is about to delete all of my friends who are laker fans ..... 
People are so ignorant and don't even realize it . I wish there was a cure for it , but since it's not , i'll just pray for them all . SN : with all this drama going on , i'm sure i could host a talk show strictly about fb ... OAN : looks like it'll be another sleepless night ... ugh ! 
Is about to do Sharonica Henderson's powerpoint , yes HER homework .... 
ugh .... i hate this weather ! I so prefer the winter ..... 
saw an old friend tonight and it brought back so many memories ..... good times , good times , but his lost ... 
So glad to have < PROPMALE > g . henderson as a dad , he's a great provider , treats my mama right , and gives me and my sisters just about anything we want .... 
At alcorn , walking this darn campus i've probably lost a couple of lbs but i need it ..... 
is tired of kissing frogs , when will i get my < PROPMALE > ?! ppssshh .... a joker or something , lol ..... 
some of us should spend more time thinking , observing , and analyzing than talking carelessly and without thinking while among others , you never know who is listening ..... 
Is feeling better thanks to prayer , the < PROPFEMALE > of family and friends , and these unbelievable meds i mean they are something serious :-) 
I don't know if it's the medicine i'm taking , but i've been having some crazy dreams lately , sorta like action movies , adrenaline still rushing when i wake up 
The best way to escape from a problem is to solve it .... 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > keys ! 
Lawd it's < PROPMALE > ! Now that's a fine young man .... 
Honestly , i think the BET awards get worse every year ..... 
wants to learn to play the piano Sn : guess i'll read a book or something since i can't do anything else , for now ..... 
Felt the worse pain i've ever felt in my life today , i hate going to the doctor 
Is annoyed , people annoy me period , which probably explains why i stay to myself and do my own thing ...... 
well ..... family reunion kicks off later on today i'm excited but bummed because of the condition i'm in ..... 
Attitudes are contagious . Make yours worth catching . :-) <3 
i flip the middle finger and the index finger follows .... Dueces ! 
thinking about my future and where i'll be in the next few years (???) Sn : back to square 1 :( 
nap time :) 
Trying to see eye to eye but it's like we both blind ... 
is hungry , bored , and annoyed . Not a good combination . 
up watching the boondocks , i love this show . 
get's so sad when Sharonica PrettyGirl Henderson has to go back to school . well , i guess another boring week at home ... SN : I'm ready to go back to school .... now ! 
is like i need someone to wash my car 
So my daddy finally gave in to letting me paint my room lime green :-) , happier than a little kid . 
sleeping schedule so thrown off . still up and will be for a few more hours ... 
is only focused on two things at the time : school and getting closer to God . Friends&Guys ; irrelevant and come&go ... 
is thinking we sit here and complain about everything BUT the things that really matter . Life is too short to stress out over nonsense and give it too much attention . Live everyday as if it's your last ( not meaning to party ) , but as if you're preparing for your final destination ; heaven . 
wishes the past would stop tapping me on my shoulder because i have no intentions of turning around to greet or mingle with it . SN : church was just lovely <3 
honestly , if you were to leave this world today , where would you go ? heaven or hell ?.... think about it . 
up . listening to music . can't sleep . i'm so bored . darn liar didn't call me back , hope he sees this too >:( 
lays in bed , turns up ipod , closes eyes . Nap time :) 
ahhh dumb people ! not gonna say anything i'm trying to be nice .... 
is about to make a few changes to self SN : what was i thinking ?! i could do so much better ! 
Ugh ! Stupid females ! i can't help it if me and sharonica are pretty ! Your bad genes are your problem ! 
seems like the closer you get to God , the more the devil throws at you . 
orthodontist yesterday and dentist today . Ugh , not cool . 
is thinking i'm 19 and still getting an allowance . that's pretty bad , huh ? 
If you love something let it go , and if it comes back - that doesn't mean a damn thing ; it can just leave you again later . 
if Lazerich Gause logs into my fb one more time i'm going to hurt him , severely 
Received a financial blessing today from the mother , hallelujah ! 
Is highly upset ! I hate when people lie and get my hopes up . 
Has some of the best friends/family :-) <3 <3 <3 ! 
smh .... some people will settle for anything . 
If you don't wanna know the truth then don't ask me . 
Man .... i'm so ready to go to school and get this last year at < PROPMALE > out the way ! 
has said it before and will say it again , i don't like people ! Their ignorance annoys me . smh ;( 
Hmm .... so many men , so few who deserve me . 
is bored so i guess i'll ...... wash my hair ? SN : fb is something else ! 
is feeling really pretty right now ...... just saying 
listening to Sharonica PrettyGirl Henderson talk to one of her many men . this girl's game is amazing , it's like they have scheduled times ; when she gets off the phone with one another one calls hahaha ! 
my mama is showing out ! she cooked today , ha ... 
Pray for me because i'm riding with sharonica and she can't drive ! I'll probably have whiplash before the day is over with .... 
Went to bed at three got up at six . As soon as i get to the loop i'm giving some good head to all six of my pillows 
Happy Birthday to my best friends/sisters/confidants/etc . , < PROPFEMALE > Thebeautiful < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Lovingeric < PROPMALE > !!! Love you guys so much ! 
hmm .... school starts monday , so ready to get this over with ...... 
Time goes by so slow when you're under the dryer . glad my hour and forty five almost up ...... * sigh * 
needs someone to take me out to eat asap because it's been a minute SN : Sharonica PrettyGirl Henderson beats children ! 
There's always a little truth behind every \just kidding\ " . A little knowledge behind every \ " I don't know\ " . A little emotion behind every \ " I don't care\ " and a little pain behind every \ " it's okay \"" 
First day of my last year at < PROPMALE > , then off to study speech pathology at usm , sweet ! 
intends on changing this schedule tomorrow , i hope everything goes as planned . SN : not having kids until i'm 304 , don't have the < PROPFEMALE > .... 
is not mean nor stuck up , i just refuse to settle for less . That is what's wrong with women today , they don't know their worth . SN : who's taking me to see lottery ticket next weekend ? 
It's hard to settle for anything after you've had the best <3 .... just saying ... 
well after 15 glorious months of running the castle , i was soon sharing power with Sharonica PrettyGirl Henderson , she came into the world Aug . 25 , and i'm glad she did . Although i really didn't care for her that much when she arrived , as the years have gone on , she has become my bestie , round , right hand chick , partner in crime , etc . and i just wanna wish her a HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! YOU'RE A BIG KID NOW ( legal ) .... 
has one class today and visiting the hair shop afterwards :) . A lovely day it will be . SN : Sharonica PrettyGirl Henderson has sticky fingers , so watch her .... 
seems like when you try to avoid people , they pop up everywhere ... geesh ! SN : will be on the loop tonight , but not tomorrow :) ...... 
If it ain't about money why we wasting time ....? 
hasn't heard from you in a while .... and that's nice .... really nice . 
has finally realized that i work better under pressure or with stress .... just saying , it's looking like another straight A semester 
Has been doing school/homework since 8 . Am i finished ? Nope ! 
Paramore and chinese food :) 
just got home . enjoyed myself tonight , especially since it will be the only night i'm not studying this weekend .... 
i swear this crap on my head called hair scares me ten times a day , has me thinking spiders are crawling on me or something ... just random 
is wondering if i ever cross your mind .... 
wants another piercing and something different done to my hair SN : one more test to study for :) 
Wants to learn how to speak french . 
I'm soooo ..... sleepy . I don't think i'm going to make it in human growth and development . It's going to be a long day :( 
Dear God , \ 
PUHLEEZ bless me with a job ... because Calvin&Hazel Henderson are slowly cutting me off . \ 
Amen . <3 
he probably robbed the bank to buy a car , lol 
When you're down to nothing , God is up to something .... 
at this very moment some annoying guy is trying to talk to me , and it's hilarious * giggles * and he keeps referring to me as baby after i told him tj ... twice ! 
Gotta be selfish these days because no one seems to care about you but YOU ... smh 
Something told me to skip this class .... and what am i doing ? Sitting in this muthafudgin desk ... fml ! 
is playing < PROPFEMALE > today . Mama and sisters are at the hair shop , my daddy is MIA , and i'm home ...... cleaning . 
Fall weather means hair like feathers :) <3 
Should have hit that little dog and kept rolling ... 
NEVER says anything that she won't repeat :p 
In fayette attending all homecoming festivities and the game . Must say i'm enjoying myself . next weekend will be at alcorn ! 
seems like everyone on fb is talking about the same things ; who's real or fake , people being messy , love , the football game , women/men , etc .... 
fb , should i get my hair colored or keep it the same ? 
second < PROPMALE > ? na , hon .... i don't believe in second < PROPMALE > s . you screw up once , most likely you'll do it again and it's obvious you're not that smart because smart people don't fail , even in relationships :) 
I like it on the floor and in the car .... 
I hate when ppl stand over/behind me and expect me to move out of their way without them saying \excuse me\ " . I just sit there and look as clueless as they do ... " 
I wish i could eat at burger < PROPMALE > everyday , but .... i wanna live long . 
riding four wheelers with < PROPFEMALE > Henderson . Nothing else to do .... 
Nothing like a nap on a beautiful sunday , after church :) 
diggy is so cute ! 
has four A's and two B's :-( i need all A's!!! 
doesn't put anything pass anyone .... OAN : someone is always waiting for you to ' eff up but i'm Tejerria , so it's not happening .... 
one thing that's more worse than a messy female is a messy male ! 
We always believe our first love is our last , and our last love our first . -George < PROPFIRST > Whyte-Melville 
i love you more than i love myself ... 
sleepy isn't the word ... i'm sooo exhausted !! 
Need to get my number changed ... too many that don't need it have ... 
um , some of y'all need to learn how to spell . we haven't been in school since we were 3 and 4 for no reason ... makes me want to delete y'all .... 
ugh ! another weekend of looking at computers , worksheets , and books , with a few headaches ..... i hate school with a passion ..... i should quit , marry some old < PROPMALE > guy , become a housewife , and plan tea parties and < PROPFEMALE > events with other housewives ... NOT ! ha 
just gotta be prayed up at all times ... 
the world is coming to an end but you never know when YOUR end will come and when it does I hope you know where your final destination is . The sad thing about it is that some of y'all will go back to doing what you were doing before .... shouldn't be calling on God whenever you go through something , but at all times .... 
wishing my main man , < PROPMALE > g . henderson a happy birthday !!! love him ssooo much .... 
mmmm .... 25 inches !!! ;-) 
glad the little bro , < PROPMALE > D . McCoy washed my car , because i wasn't doing it ..... 
good things don't always last ... on that note , homework then off to bed 
stressed is desserts spelled backwards .... wow .... i learn something new everyday 
is thanking God everyday for this amazing life of mines ; it's definitely one of a kind .... 
on the verge of cussing a handful of ppl out if they keep testing my gangsta .... and i don't even cuss OAN : lord , keep me near the cross . the devil is on me ... 
is so freakin ' frustrated ! ugh ! i hate school with a passion !!!!! 
\why isn't < PROPMALE > songz in our history books ? He invented sex . \"- funniest \ " like\ " i've seen all day " 
sssoooo .... why what's up ??? * like * 
Inbox me a question and i'll answer on my status ... 
Q : Do you regret anything you've done in the past ? A : yea only one thing and that's not hugging grandma when i had that < PROPMALE > before she left .... everything else has been a lesson learned ... 
Q : why do you act funny with me ? A : i don't act funny with you , niqqa .... i'm just busy and phones do work both ways , cuz ... 
Q : are you single ? A : nope , was taken off the market today 
Q : no offence but iz dat your real hair ? A : lol yes , ma'am ... no tracks here 
Q : why am i your friend ? A : ha what kinda question is this ? but , because you keep me laughing 
Q : are you gettin taller or am i gettin shorter ?? A : lmbo ... you're shrinking 
bad girls club reunion !!! 
this is not the best day .... my darn window on my car won't work and i need a job . but god is still good so i'll be fine 
I am not here to determine who is unreal ; I am here to make sure \I\ " am not a counterfeit .... " 
gonna try to do all of my homework today so that i can relax the rest of the week ... smh @ inconsiderate teachers ..... 
ssooo .... thanksgiving is out the way , so christmas break can roll in anytime now ! 
it's cold outside and it feels sooo goood ! 
what you DO speaks so loud , i can't hear what you SAY .... 
Thank god for blessing me with good hair .... when a mess or in a rush , you just wet it and it curls up ! 
is wishing the lady that gave me birth , whoopings , advice , prayed for me , and who gives me her last ; the woman who has helped mold me into the young lady i am today a Happy Birthday , i love my mama ! 
never depend on man because he'll forever fail you .... 
inbox me a number 1-999 
23-you are sooo nice .... w/o you actually listening in class and keeping me informed of work , i'd be in deep ish . we need to stay in touch when the semester ends 
72.974 - i miss you soooo much ! remember those songs we used to sing at lunch ? when you come home i'd like your see your face . we need to < PROPFEMALE > out .... seriously .... and you inspire me .... really 
25-seeing a number from you actually surprised me , idk why . i think you're a really good/cool person and we should definitely keep in touch when we depart copiah university . 
12.20012336 - now you know you're my bestie , simple as that ! but i <3 you to the < PROPMALE > hon ; you're like a sister to me and i admire how outgoing you are ! 
29-i consider you as a friend ... i feel like we can talk about everything and everbody for days lol , and you need to call me asap .... 
998-hahahaha .... you ever get permission from your girlfriend to < PROPFEMALE > out with me ?? anyhu stop acting funny and text me sometimes , sir ... 
38- i miss you !!! i wish i could have came to see you sing yesterday , but you know that you're a good friend of mines and i'm always here for you ... remeber all those fun and random moments in choir ? 
6- you are so sweet and i think that you're a very mature person with a good head on your shoulders and i love that you are one of the very few people who is shorter than me lol 
21.5 - you have been such a help since i've been at co-lin , you're definitely in the \friend\ " category and i'm going to miss you so much when you leave this month :( but i'll see you shortly :) and if you need anything let me know .... and when we have time we need to < PROPFEMALE > out and not just say we will " 
333.3 -i miss you and although you're younger than me i kinda looked up to you because you're so smart and set big goals ... i honestly wish you the best in whatever you do and don't forget the little people like me ... <3 you hon ! 
1904-I specifically said 1-999 but we still ain't cool niqqa j/k ..... you cool ppl and why haven't i heard from you lately ? 
20-now you greedy child you and ronica keep me rolling but you're one silly good friend ... but you need to lay off the permanent markers , i found you some help for that 
7654321- i miss you chick ! In high school i looked up to you because you were and still are smart , classy , sassy ! and you're always dressed cute and i know you're gonna go far in life ... 
i need more < PROPFIRST > 
1313- don't really know you that well but you are very cute 
45132- better see you over the break .... and i wish you and my sister would have lasted , you were always my favorite of her picks 
27-my sneaky cousin with the crazy and violent chirren ... i visit y'all just to annoy your kids sometimes .... remember when you were into it with that female shaped like a cone ? 
793-don't really know you but i like your style .... you cute too 
8694-a very beautiful and strong young woman .... you should get with that guy who plays the drums , girl he is cute ... ( you know < PROPFEMALE > told me ) 
32-I miss your goofy behind so much ! and forget these ppl and what they saying .... know that i love you much ! we hanging out before this break ends too so look for a call .... remember when you used to piss sanders off in choir sometimes ? too funny 
400-don't know you too well but you seem really cool , you alright with me 
767-you actually remind me of myself when i was younger lol .... but you're a very pretty and nice girl with a great voice too ! and don't be talking to no little boys ... and i hope everything is great with you and text/call me so we can stay in touch ... 
23-the really cool/goofy guy in my speech class ... you seem to get along with everyone too ... stay in touch when the semester ends 
16- you are a very good person and even though i have only met your child once , i love him and he's my new bf ... he's one of the few children to ever give me a smile , lol ... but i wish the best in life . stay sweet and beautiful 
13-you have an adorable daughter , she is too cute . whenever i go to the hair shop i be hoping y'all pop up . i think it's funny that mrs. < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > be trying to gang up on you 
5150-don't really know you but i've seen you around and you seem cool to me .... 
33- the last time i saw you , it seemed like you had matured a lot because you used to work my nerves in spanish class lol , but i liked the attention and as soon as the break starts , you'll be hearing from me ... 
999-we had so much fun volunteering at kdmc , we never did any work . we just sat under the tree talking , in the cafeteria , constantly went to get slushes , or harassing < PROPMALE > and i still have your badge . you have a beautiful little one ! 
i'm supposed to be studying for this final but it's sssoooo boring , Lord give me the strength to focus on this stupid ish that will not help me in any way in the future 
about to take this Human Growth and Development final .... keep me in your prayers ! 
you notice that whenever there is a group of pretty girls or handsome guys , there is always one ugly duckling amongst them , lol ... with that being said , i'm taking my hyper behind to bed ! 
four A's and two B's , aahhh ... i can finally relax .... 
so , i kinda wanna get my hair cut but i'm too chicken to do it ! 
Sharica < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Thebeautiful < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Lovingeric < PROPMALE > , remember when i was walking in < PROPFIRST>'s and i fell ...... on air !! lol too funny .... 
when one door closes another one opens , but sometimes we're too busy staring at the closed door that we don't notice the new and better things god has blessed us with 
i would not be letting some old fat guy take credit for the presents i purchase . the only < PROPFEMALE > my children will know is me .... 
guess who was diagnosed with strep throat today and is still going to eat a lot tomorrow no matter how much it hurts my severely infected throat ??? me , duh ... 
has not been in the christmas spirit at all this month . I guess the older i get the less exciting it is ... 
truth is ... we hide because we want to be found , we walk away to see who follows , we cry to see who wipes away the tears , and we let our hearts be broken to see who comes and fixes them .... 
is so bored .... thank god for dish , guess i'll watch the seed of chucky ... 
is watching good hair and it makes me wanna stop getting relaxers 
needs a job .... anybody know who is hiring ??? 
I pray for only success and no losses in 2011 . Instead of telling my resolution(s ) i'll just show you ; actions do speak louder than words . SN : y'all partying the new years in but i'll be praying it in . 
it's 4:34 a.m. and i'm still up with my sisters watching house ... anybody still up ? 
Is really ready to go back to copiah university , especially knowing that it'll be my last and easiest semester there ! 
ugh , can't stand arrogant/cocky ppl .... you're the only one who thinks so highly of yourself , everyone else couldn't care less about you .... 
Each generation gets more ignorant and incompetent than the one before it ... 
Is so stressed right now that all i can think to do to even solve this problem is pray ! 
if you like or want something , pursue it before someone else beats you to it ..... 
needs a spanish , college study skills , and cpr book , so .... if you have them let me know ... 
If someone you love hurts you cry a river , build a bridge , and get over it . 
Has an 8 o'clock and has to get up at 6 , but unfortunately i cannot sleep ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is not a virtue , it's a waste of time 
Love is like quicksand , the deeper you fall in the harder it is to get out ... 
Never realized how many obese or \chunky\ " children there were until i went in wal mart today ... like seriously " 
Never regret anything because at one time it was exactly what you wanted ... 
There is no such thing as acting white or black but there is a such thing as being/acting educated or ignorant .... i'm just saying 
God , if I can’t have what I want , let me want what I have . 
if you love someone put their name in a circle instead of a heart because hearts break and circles go on forever ..... 
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance . 
< PROPMALE > needs to get some heat ! 
Never be sad for what is over , just be glad that it was once yours . 
Things could always be better , then again they could be much worse . SN : not lucky but blessed ... 
Is wishing my baby sister , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Henderson a happy 16th birthday !!!!! I always liked you a little more than the middle child , Sharonica Henderson lol j/k ! SN : little boys you better stay away from her until she's 30 
can't believe what i just found out .... really hurt ! SN : this will be last time i put my all into another one .... 
But i say unto you , love your enemies , bless them that curse you , do good to them that hate you , and pray for them which despitefully use , and persecute you ... -Mathew 5:44 
It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool , than to open one’s mouth and remove all doubt . 
Just wants the people who blast their music loud enough for everyone to hear to know that one day .... you WILL wear hearing aids and probably before age 30 
As we grow up , we don't lose friends ..... we just find out who the real ones are ... 
J . T . W 
Never underestimate a woman's ability to find things out . 
Lmao and smh at these girls .... sweetheart , no one takes your man , he always leaves willingly ... 
Jealousy is the main reason people are having problems with one another ... smh 
Finally found me a good book ! Call me a nerd but it feels like christmas whenever i do .... 
When you know better you do better , well .... some of us do .... 
Tired of being nice to everyone , it's getting me absolutely nowhere .... 
so ... i finally made a twitter and y'all should follow me @TheLovelyTj .... 
Speechless .... already feel a long night coming in ..... r.i.p. Carlton ... god knows what's best .... 
Will always say what I need to ... because i'll never know if it's the last time i'll see you ... 
Don't you just hate having that family member who is always in your business but can't even keep their own children on the right path ? 
I officially hate cold weather . Winter is no longer my favorite season ! I can't feel my hands :( 
This is the first time in my life that i actually have a significant other to share this stupid day with ha 
Opportunity is missed by most people because it's dressed in overalls and looks like work . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Had a wonderful day with my love and my friends , but about to call it a night because tomorrow i'm doing it all over again :) 
Guess who has a job ? :) 
Gas is so high ! I refuse to put my last few dollars the mazda 
So < PROPMALE > is making me go to summer school for being an over achiever . I took two 3hr health classes instead of two 1hr p.e. classes ... smh 
Excited about starting my new job tomorrow ! SN : no summer school or graduating for me ... guess i'll just transfer :) < PROPMALE > won't get another < PROPFEMALE > from me 
So overwhelmed ..... the Lord just keeps on blessing me when i know i don't deserve any of it .... 
Everything ain't for everybody ha 
Misery loves company but i ain't trying to make new friends .... 
Sometimes , you just have to smile , pretend everything's okay , hold back the tears and walk away . If you want to see the rainbow you must go through the rain . If you want TRUE LOVE you must go through the pain . Women were made from a man's rib , not from his head to be superior , not from his feet to be walked on , but from his side to be equal , from under the arm to be protected , and from next to the heart to be loved . 
Can't wait for the day when i have my own stuff and the only person i'll have to call on for help is God and no other . 
I tell you the truth ! You give someone an inch and they take a mile ... and keep traveling ! About to let go of some extra \baggage \"" 
Looks like i'll be graduating from Co-Lin after all woohoo !!! Thank God ! 
Don't go looking for something that's gonna hurt your feelings , especially if you can't handle the truth 
Well ... got all A's for midterm , but that ain't nothing new . 
Finally home from work and i'm so tired . Working at wal mart reminds me why i'm going to school-so i can sit in a rolling chair instead of walking all day . 
Got a new phone and number so i'm good ... 
If you love me ? ( comment on this status ) If you think I'm a good friend ? ( like the status ) If you hate me ? ( message me and tell me why ) If you ever had a crush on me ? ( poke me ) If you're not scared ? ( make this your status ) 
First sharonica brought home a puppy , tonight she came home with a baby ... wtf is next ? 
haven't been this bored in a while . Need to find somebody to talk to , I already know this is gonna be a long night for me ... hmu 
God is so good ! 
Taking an extra day out from school I wasn't quite ready to go back 
IDGAF !!! * throws up middle finger and sticks out tongue * Wish y'all would realize that I couldn't care less ... 
At work aching like an old person ... 
Hates working but I love money .... 
No classes today , off from work and chinese at 4 with justin .... sounds like a plan to me 
Just ate an entire personal pan pizza ... Ugh , I feel so fat , but full :) oan : < PROPMALE > trell < PROPMALE > , don't play with me ... 
let me clarify something .... no sin is bigger than another , they're all equally wrong , so stop pointing fingers . 
Finally home from work and my feet are killing me ! Guess i'll do some last minute studying for this test in the morning , ugh ..... pray for me fb 
My bed is calling my name !!! Thank God i'm off today .... 
He's not the smartest , not the most handsome , nor the richest , but he'd give his all just to make me happy , so that's good enough for me ! He's perfectly imperfect . J.T.W. 
I just couldn't go out in public with rollers in my hair nor a wrap cap on ... 
At home finally ! sick as a .......... newborn baby w/o it's shots and work didn't make it any better ... i hate summer colds 
Man every time I turn around someone is dying but i'm just gonna pray even harder that no one get's taken away from me and form an even stronger relationship with god 
Chilli cheese tots and a large strawberry slush .... and having the slush for half off makes it taste even better , umm umm good ! I love happy hour 
Am I the only person who thinks your house should look better than your vehicle ? Because it's vice versa these days 
I hate when someome says , \ I see your mama at wal mart all the time\ " i'm like well she does work there " 
Went to the strawberry festival with my love anf friends today and i've never seen so much weave and cellulite at one time in my life 
At work bored as h-e-(double hockey sticks ) somebody fwm 
Seriously considering a tattoo .... 
Don't go looking for something you already have ..... 
If it seems too good to be true , well .... most likely it is 
Same old sh*t , just a different day sn : work 2-11 it's gonna be a long day .... 
did you know it's impossible to lick your elbow ?............................. * like if you tried after reading this 
So bored actually wish I was at work ..... someone hmu 
taking < PROPFIRST > on a date tonight ... guess we're trading places 
still up bored and hungry , need someone to entertain me with a good convo 
Oh yea ...... i'm prettier and smarter than you that's why you talk about me .... sad females 
Proud to say that I haven't had a soda in over two weeks and there are two cases at home in the pantry now that's self control 
Another long night ... ugh 
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing-Socrates 
Crawfish and barbeque tomorrow with the love ans his fam :) SN : hope my mama makes me an easter basket for tomorrow 
Done made some mistakes in my life but I never make the same mistake twice SN : it's gonna be a great day , I can feel it ... 
In a few more weeks i'll be done with co-lin .... hallelujah !!!!!!!!!!! 
Laying in bed , eating < PROPFEMALE > , watching < PROPFIRST > lopez .... so pissed off I can't even sleep 
No more nice TJ ... too many ppl testing my < PROPFEMALE > at one time ... idgaf anymore 
Aahhh .... retail therapy will make any girl happy again .... 
You never stop loving someone , you just learn to live without them and eventually find someone who you love so much more than the last few ppl 
Hope you remember my perfume ..... on you .... SN : all smiles this way 
You are only young once , but you can stay immature indefinitely . 
If you feel your circulation being cut off or see a lot of loose skin and the exposed areas jiggle but feels restrained at the same time , then maybe you shouldn't have put it on 
Every time i get up to get dressed i find myself back in bed sometimes with a new article of clothing on smh SN : lazy 
Feels good to be bad , especially when people don't know anything that's going on .... 
Up \studying\ " hmu " 
so the doctor took me off sodas and tea for a month , it's been four days so far and I don't think i'm going to make it 
Is off all next weekend ... i'm thinking shopping and dinner . Who wants to go ? 
Happy Mothers day to all of the women who take care of their children long after their birth and happy mothers day to the grandma who takes care of her grands when the mama won't! 
I'm dealing with this love affair it used to be just physical , but now it's just too emotional for me ... love that song 
It's good to know that you're not in love alone .... sn : just had a heart to heart moment ... things are slowly getting better 
is gonna be a < PROPMALE > when I start usm in the fall ..... thanking no one but God , he's walked with me and carried me when I fell and thanks to him I haven't failed at anything in life 
Today i graduated from Co-Lin after 2 long years/67 class hours , with a gpa of 3.7 and the honor of being a member of Phi Theta Kappa , Sigma Kappa < PROPFEMALE > , and Student Voices ..... i'm truly blessed .... congrats to everyone else ..... 
Ugh .... work today :( 
Has a place to live in the fall , finally ! 
Sick and I can't sleep and I work later .... fml :( 
at home lmbo off at < PROPFEMALE > and my cuz , but sooooo happy right now ..... anyhu fwm if I fwu 
About to get up , wash my hair , and start my day ..... 
Just had to delete and block a stupid young man on fb b/c he doesn't take rejection too well , excuse me for having a boyfriend and not wanting friends .... fb is crazy 
Really enjoyed my two days off , i really hate to go back today :( 
Sad when your own family hate to see you doing good but i'm only gonna get better because success is all i've ever known , so they can either be apart of my success or they can just stand on the sidelines and watch ... 
If one more old man comes in here trying to become my sugar daddy ..... i'm snapping out , or maybe i'll just take his money and run 
wants some breakfast ... anyhu hmu , so bored 
Got the sunday off and spending it with my big head and his family 
Up watching pootie tang with my sisters lol this movie is crazy 
It's about that time to change up my hair again .... any suggestions ? 
Wants to be an actress , speech pathologist , music producer , dancer , singer , and pediatrician ..... 
This whole \shopping when mad\ " phase needs to pass before i'm broke " 
Trials keep you strong , sorrows keep you human , failures keep you humble success keeps you glowing , but only God keeps you going 
Still up knowing I got a hair appt . in a few hours 
Thanking God for letting me make 20 , many don't and won't make it and thanks everyone for the birthday wishes I feel so special * tear * 
Had a great birthday weekend , but back to the money tomorrow SN : my mama needs to hurry home i'm starving !! 
Lord knows I can't ride with sharonica she has a full tank of gas but can't spare me and < PROPFEMALE > any air 
Tired of seeing more a**es and shoes than statuses in my news feed 
Going to bed with a smile from ear to ear and nobody knows why SN : too happy 
Everything happens for a reason and the result of the situation is usually a blessing or lesson learned 
Trying to make everyone happy is a hard and impossible job , which is why I quit a few days ago ... SN : hate to be disliked by so many ppl , but my happiness comes first 
God never ceases to amaze me , right when I get close to giving up he comes through ... i know he won't let me fail SN : if he brings you to it , he'll bring you through it #fact 
Who's number is 6018796408 ? They're playing on me and sharonica's phone someone find out for me please ! Lol 
Wants chinese food now !!!! 
Sometimes I wonder why I still hold on , knowing I can do better ,........ and when you know better you do better , right ? 
Funny how ppl try to make your business theirs too .... 
Anybody know where I can get some good hot wings because i'm craving some !!! 
ugh .... fml . I'm 20 , still in school with great grades , no kids , I have a job , never got a ticket , never been suspended or in after school ..... for some odd reason i'm still being treated like i'm 12 . Is a little freedom too much to ask for ? 
At work so sleepy , feel like I might even start sleep walking around wal mart in a few SN : I need an energy drink ! 
:) :) :) :) :) is how i'm feeling now , anyhu hmu if you're up .... 
And I will always be the .... best thing you never had- beyonce 
time to cut off some of this hair ... layers , a bob ,.... suggestions ??? 
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew . 
Follow me on twitter @TheLovelyTj ..... i follow back ... 
At work bored , let's play the color game !!!!! Inbox me ..... 
Lime blue-my wal mart husband .... everybody wanna have a relationship like ours lol 
Chocolate-my right hand chick simple as that 
Pink- my fav . little sis in the entire universe imy !!!! 
Red & gold- my little bro who try to keep me in line but I love you !!!! 
Hot pink-my cuzzo !!! Fell off at one point but glad we getting it back right 
Green- my fav person in a our lil clique who get's an invite to everything 
Dookie blue- only you < PROPFEMALE > ! I like you more than ronica ! The fighter and rapper ! 
Gray blue- my sister's sweet crush ! 
black- the cutest young man in my friend's list :) if only you were legal lol 
Chocolate latte/ gold- my fav . big cousin ( don't tell the others ) but I can tell you anything and know you won't repeat it 
Wolfprivatepartyellow-the most random unique guy I know and imy , dreadhead ! 
Nike Orange- was a slacker in our class lol and never was on time but I used to have a crush on you 
Sky blue- funny acting a ** cuzzo who only call me when he need a favor or something 
Baby blue/pink glitter- you need to hmu girl I haven't seen you in ages ... 
been in hattiesburg doing some < PROPMALE > retail therapy now i'm about to eat at t . g . i . friday !!!! It's been a productive day :) 
been in wal mart parking lot for 10 minutes looking for my car !!! #embarrassing 
Lately ...... i've been feeling like eff everybody , no one is really making me happy these days SN : dfwm 
Orientation at USM today !!!! Am I excited ?? NOPE ! Rather be in my bed watching spongebob and eating fruit roll-ups or something 
Well got my schedule out the way , kinda excited now SN : about to pass out in this heat my darn head hurts ... 
Is in need of a mini road trip before school ... who wants to go and where ???? 
And when you're in her I know i'm in your head .... 
Bored AF !!! Tbh * like * ( inbox only :-) 
Wants to go see transformers friday ( hint hint ) anyhu hmu i'm bored 
Everyone's definition of love is different which is why it can't be defined ..... #thinking 
hasn't played the Q&A game in a while so hmu ... 
Q : ready fa us to start talkin ... oh and do u still have that crush on me A : ha i don't it was never anything < PROPMALE > to act on 
messy females are bff with misery and misery loves company but i ain't trying to make new friends ? 
Rotel and hot wings ? 
If you're up * like * fwm ? 
can't turn a h*e into a housewife ??? can't turn a h*e into a husband either , right ?...... just saying 
Visiting my bronte´ until something comes up .... 
males being messier than females ... what is the world coming to ?? But i'm gonna continue to smile in your face as you do mines ? lame a ** 
Never argue with a stupid person because the people who are watching can never tell who is who 
first impression anyone ? * like * 
about to pour down outside but i am determined to go eat !!! 
so much is going on , so i think i'll just sit back and watch SN : making no attachments , ppl lie too much nowadays 
at work sleepy AF ! five o'clock needs to hurry up ..... 
sitting in the break room listening to these old women talk about dentures , knee cartilage and dead husbands .... what a combination of convos 
off tomorrow so someone needs to take me on a date , i'd love to see transformers .... just saying 
just realized something .... i'm too good for you ! Sn : never settling for less 
Sometimes I think I'll leave the doctor's office sicker than before because of all the sick ppl here 
I want my lip pierced 
If you love something let it go , and if it comes back , that doesn't mean a d*mn thing , it can leave again 
I feel like if your guy is cheating CHECK HIM not the female ! Just saying ..... silly girls be fighting over a liar/cheater 
Came home , got in trouble , but still going to bed with a big a ** smile on my face SN : 21 days left 
What goes up must come down , and what goes around comes back around ... karma 
In college , beautiful , smart , gotta job , a car , and an awesome family .... so much to be thankful for , too blessed 
If I lose about 10 more lbs I'll be satisfied .... who wants to work out ? 
Tattoos+muscles+educated = a very happy me ..... just being honest 
Looking at my calendar and I see that I have two more weeks and one day before I leave my messy job and my lovely family for school ..... bittersweet moment 
Has never wanted something this bad before ... funny how one person can make you change your mind in a matter of seconds 
I wanna play the q&a game hmu i'm too bored 
Q : what do you think about me think we would work out if we start talking A : you're nice but no i'm head over heels for someone else .... 
For 10 likes I'll give 10 confessions about the lovely me * like * 
Confession 1 : i'm afraid of the dark , I sleep with my TV on every night ! And I can't walk outside alone at my house at night 
Confession 2 : the only things I really fear in life are failure and going to hell 
Confession 3 : I'm not social I don't like speaking to ppl unless I feel like it .... 
Confession 4 : I have kissed someone else's boyfriend before lol 
Confession 5 : I've never been to a club , I'd rather see a movie , eat , and be boo-ed up with someone 
Confession 6 : I've never smoked , lips just too pretty for that but I have drank some stuff ;) 
Confession 7 : I love me some tattoos , muscles , and pretty teeth .... just does something to me 
Confession 8 : I can sing really good I just have this terrible case of stage fright 
Confession 9 : I love school ! I like being smarter than the next person 
Confession 10 : I didn't realize how beautiful I was until this year , I was always insecure but now you can't tell me nothing ! 
Better to believe in something ( God ) than nothing at all .... just saying 
I think i'm falling just hope he catches me .... 
Moves to hattiesburg Saturday , gonna be a bittersweet moment because I'll be leaving him and my friends :( but finally out the house :) 
Wants to see colombiana ... 
Braces coming off in two weeks ! So happy !!! 
Almost put something on fb but had to remember that my daddy is my friend and I know he be creeping on my < PROPFEMALE > sometimes 
Man what a day ! Started off horribly but ended amazingly ! SN : yea , he's a keeper 
Stfu !!! Saturday ain't coming fast enough eff coming back home they'll see me Christmas , maybe ! 
Had a dream last night that my daddy told me he wasn't paying for me to go to college ... I woke up crying lol 
If you're having problems , fix them ! They're your problems , therefore your solution can solve them ... and stfu and stop complaining , others have it worse than you but make the best of it #annoyed 
On the way to my new home in hattiesburg ! 
If you wouldn't make her your wife , don't make her a mother ... 
An attitude is like a flat tire , you can't go anywhere until you change it ... 
Got a bright future ahead of me , I can see the sun rising already #blessedbeyondbelief 
Is sad cause i'm way in hattiesburg and can't hook up my own tv , somebody hmu i'm beyond bored 
Strangers ---> best friends ----> crush ---> dated ---> broke up ---> back to strangers ..... #unfortunately 
Just had an epiphany ! I can do better ! And when you know better you do better ! 
At applebee's about to do what people do here , eat ! 
At work and they got me on the register #MadAF 
is done with black men ! where the white/mixed guys at ? now taking applications ( taken from Talashia Fells ) 
Car dead #beyondpissed 
well my braces are off , just thought i'd share it with y'all #bored hmu 
blessed to have a cousin like < PROPFEMALE > Smith-Fields , she always comes through .... SN : i owe you ( bunches ) <3 ya ! 
First day of speech school at USM and i'm nervous , anxious , and excited ! Praying that God will guide me through these classes all year long .... 
I just wanna be loved .... 
just wanna take the time to wish one of my favorite people and best friend in the world a HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!! To my sister , Sharonica Henderson , words can't explain how much i love you and how much i'm proud of you in becoming a young lady ! <3 ya ! 
would just like to wish < PROPMALE > D . Parkman a happy 20th birthday . R.I.P. we miss you ... 
Off tomorrow , no hmwk , guess I'll go to < PROPFEMALE>'s house party ;) this should be interesting lol 
Pissed off , as usual though .... 
Bored AF somebody hmu .... 
Respect is earned , honesty is appreciated , trust is gained , and loyalty is returned .... know this 
You should let me love you .... i'm just saying ... 
You need God , he doesn't need you . - w.o.w. from my mama 
I hate working and going to school , it's like i'm running around from 7:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. everyday ! Fml ... 
Really wants to go shopping ! Who wanna give me the funds to do so ? 
Be thankful for the breathe you're now breathing , because someone has Just taken their last ..... thanking God for another day ! 
So tired of chasing him , but I've never wanted someone so bad :-( 
Just gonna start expecting the lowest out of every person and not set high expectations for them , that way they can never let me down 
Somebody hmu i'm bored 
This dru hill station on Pandora is the ish ! 
Guess who parents came over and made them groceries ? MINES !!! SN : happy 
#whyimsingle cause niggas cuffing h*es and not ladies ! Lol follow me on twitter @BrownSugar6491 i'm a great leader ! I follow back :) 
* singing * I get my hair done friday and it'll be a roller wrap cause it's now cool enough and it won't frizz up ! La la la la laaaa !!! 
I really hate my job with a passion but starting tonight I'll be looking for a new one ! I gotta make it through school cause this ish ain't for me .... 
Has the sexist roommate name Talashia Fells .... #Hacked by yours truly !!! ** :) 
Getting my hair done :) #relaxation 
Up early about to take a practice test for graduate school #success 
Been on the cash register today and i'm actually starting to like it 
Don't < PROPMALE > someone who doesn't wanna be caught ... SN : coming to my senses 
Went to the doctor friday and i'm getting fat , I will be in that clubhouse or the payne center starting this week ! Gotta look sexy in my winter attire ... 
I hate this class , I'll be going to sleep in 3 ..... 2 ...... 1 zzzzzzzz 
Woke up this morning feeling myself , but I have every right to , so ...... starting today i'm forgiving and forgetting . I'm too beautiful and got too much going for me to be stressing over minor ish . wtbs good day , everyone ! 
wants someone to < PROPMALE > my hair , i want some little curls .... who wanna do them ? i'll wash it myself ... 
So talked to my daddy tonight and he said he'd cook steaks , potatoes , and make a salad for me , Sunday , when his little girl gets home .... spoiled is an understatement WTBS : I wanna man like my daddy , someone who would spoil me 
been feeling really good lately , got all my homework done , caught up on my studying , grades still amazingly high , great roomies/friends , stress free , i'm alive and ..... God is still good ! 
\I'm a speech language pathologist with a minor in psychology\ " .... that's what I'll be telling people in about four more years .... you simple minded ppl can start hating now :) " 
my great roommate , Talashia Fells , cooked spaghetti , fried chicken , and garlic bread . It's a shame i get fed more here than i did when i was at home lmbo ! 
Just saw someone with a car tag saying \6figurz\ " they were driving a cobalt .... I don't get it " 
I wanna be a hair model , like for real . Long as they don't cut my hair or we gone have some problems 
I'm done ! I think .... 
If you ask me i'm ready ..... matter of fact , I been ready . Waiting on you . Ugh !!!! Going to sleep happy but upset too ! 
it went live at the snappy turtle this weekend , especially saturday . I had tons of fun with < PROPFEMALE > Dodd , Talashia Fells , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Henderson , < PROPFEMALE > Topp , aria and our multiple visitors lol . We gotta do that again ! 
Three test within the next two weeks , don't call or text me unless I contact you ( unless family or emergency ) . A girl trying to get in grad school . Study/Nerd mode to the < PROPMALE > ! 
Pray for me , fb family . All this week and next week I have a language and development , child psychology , audiology , and speech a&p tests and half of my teachers suck . Thanks in advance 
•If u DON'T like me ..... inbox me & tell me why , \ 
•if you think I'm nice ... like my status . \ 
•if you think I'm a good friend ... comment on this status . \ 
•if you ever liked me ... Poke me , i wont tell . \ 
•if you think im cute ... inbox me a heart . \ 
•if you would date me ... inbox me ' wasssup ' , i wont tell . \ 
•if you are BRAVE ... set this as your status ? 
Taking an innocent or guilty person's life NEVER solves anything . Revenge isn't the answer . No one walking this earth is God nor is anyone as powerful as him , so what gives us the right to take any man's life ? Absolutely Nothing . Murder is murder , therefore it's a sin . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Never give someone the satisfaction of knowing they've upset or offended you , then they automatically have power over you and win ! 
Slightly pissed but not gonna let it mess up my night , which is going pretty smooth 
FB is NOT about to start charging , so chill out and stfu ! Tired of seeing y'all repost that ish 
Study mode again this week , well until Wednesday . Being afraid of failure will do that to you .... 
I wanna play the number game !!! Inbox me 
5- too cute ! had a \crush\ " on me if you would've pursued it probably would've gotten somewhere " 
0000- really don't know much about you except that we went to school together but you seem cool and laid back 
23- my friend !!! You're like one of the coolest guys I know . We gotta < PROPFEMALE > out more especially when I quit my job and have time 
43- don't know much about you but I know you used to talk to my sister all the time , I think you liked her 
12- got MY name ... well rounded guy who I never see around but I used to have a crush on you years ago 
69- my first boo , you had something good but oh well , i'm glad to see you're happy with your girl . 
449-i don't know you but you seem cool . Stop being a stranger and make yourself known :) 
28- girl I miss you ! How's my boyfriend ? We used to talk about everything under the sun but I hope you're doing well I'll start checking in on you , and believe it or not you crossed my mind last week . Love ya ! 
6- I know you're from or near the area I stay I just don't know you 
25- long story short Idk why you even sent a number you know you're my best friend/ brother all that good stuff been with me during my lowest and highest points 
6993-we had a class together in high school you were really nice . Used to talk to my sister friend 
317- don't know much about you except you were in the same grade as my sister . You cute too 
88987799276 etc . SOOO DIFFICULT lol but my cuz who I haven't seen in ages . So when will I ? 
25st- lol my wanna be juvie let me know when you hit 18 lmao ! 
1009- ain't seen you since high school ! You used to be the class clown and only came to economics on Thursday ! Lol 
12-my God brother man where you been ? I gotta come to uc just to see you ? Hmu 
25- my sister's ditz silly friend , where you been hiding ? 
702-my cuz girl who is < PROPFEMALE > pretty ! 
256- don't know much about you except that you and my friend fell out hope y'all done with that mess , anyhu overall you seem cool 
3- don't know you but i know your sis . and she's really pretty and nice 
7777- goofy as ever and always ready for whatever , man i miss hanging out with you at the < PROPFEMALE > ! i remember you stayed at my house and we acted goofy all night and that next morning , i miss you girl ! 
44- you're < PROPFEMALE > handsome and your statuses are such an inspiration and so true ! there needs to be more men like you around .... you're gonna make some young lady very happy one day and be patient she'll come :) 
1824- don't know you but i know that you know my brother from another mother , but you seem cool 
1727- my old co-worker , so nice and goofy 
9696956- got the silliest statuses i don't care what anyone says , they're all funny ! cute too umm haven't ran across you since i've been in hattiesburg either , might wanna change that 
551-one of bronte's many children , what i can remeber you were nice and you can dance , hope you're doing well at state 
1000- < PROPFEMALE > sweet , gotta crush on me haha ! but you're cool , i like you , you can stick around :) 
2413- simply handsome ! if only you were legal , lol ! 
08- you've become one of my closest friends since i've been down here , and i'm glad ! we have so much fun together and ppl are so jealous of us , i like that even more ! and all we do ever talk about is n*ggas and *** ( you know my daddy on my fb lol ) but you so cool and goofy is an understatement . and i love your whole idgaf attitude ! 
1021- when i first met you you were so friendly i can tell you don't meet a stranger ! you're so cool can't believe you're related to mook , lol j/k 
992212- you seem like cool ppl , your mama was talking to me about you friday , glad to see you're doing something positive with your life 
99- my little brother who i never hear from , gotta do better , me and you both . hope all is good on your end though love ya ! 
2007-cool young lady we should < PROPFEMALE > out more when everyone is home i enjoyed that time in broma's 
66600- the sick lady be jealous of you , my sister , and mook lol , y'all need to leave that lady alone ! but i miss you and playing in wal mart with you guys 
123545909548900544455666555555563666536666993333326999666655- i had to copy and paste this crap ! but you're an awesome roomie ! we've had so much fun in the snap and have became so close and it hasn't even been two months yet ... and i can say i love you like a sister ! we've been through things already from boys to minor car crashes ... and always manage to give each other advice when we have the same problem lol .. but you're a great person , you'll be in my wedding lol ( now that's friendship ) 
6005- we're pratically best friends now , i remember we met on the first day of school , i automatically knew you were friend girl material ! you practically stay at the snap now lol which is fine ! i hope our friendship continues to grow and we stay as close as we already are .... we are so much alike and i've never heard you complain or be negative about anything ... i've already shared secrets with you and you didn't judged me and stuck around , i really appreciate that ... love ya ! 
333333333333333333333- when i first met you i thought you were < PROPFEMALE > quiet but since we stay at the snap together now i know that's a lie ! i think we're the two rowdiest ppl in the house lol , and you messy be encouraging me to do bad things , video me when i'm under the influence but it's cool , you my girl . you'll be in line with talashia and jas in my wedding , if i ever find him lol . but good luck to you and forensics :) 
1234- my bro who i hardly ever get to hear from , but look for me when homecoming comes up , i'll be in your area 
11-you're so nice i wished you and my friend could've gotten somewhere with what was going on but i hope you're doing well and god is still blessing you , i know he is ! 
30-don't know you , sorry 
4- you used to converse with my sister haven't seen you in a while 
225- we done fell off , i done fell off lol but i used to always wanna tell you that i didn't wanna be your girl , i'm not happy where i'm at but it's where i wanna be but you're a cool guy but i see you as just a friend 
00- my cousin who is trying to come back around sending me \good morning\ " texts with incorrect vocabulary lol but you try but you are slow but you know i love you :) " 
7-don't know you but you're very handsome :) 
459- we had a full conversation on fb a while back and don't even know each other ha ! But you're a pretty cool guy 
700- I think you first started going to school in brookhaven during the 6th grade I used to have a crush on you then 
999- my sister's cute juvie , well used to be . Remember we were at the car wash that day playing with that mace ? Lol and you and < PROPMALE > used to try to put me on soulja boy ? Lol 
0987- don't know you but looked at you profile .... and you go to full sail ? Cool but you're cute too 
10000-we ain't gone never get anywhere until you ask me out on that date ole some-timing behind kml 
24- so pretty much everyone liked you in high school , but I never talked to you much idk why you seem cool 
Praying that I pass my audiology test today and speech and hearing a&p test tomorrow 
I love the things about him , but i don't love him 
oh how i dread my speech and hearing a&p test i have at 12 . Pray for me ... 
Made a B on my a&p test and i'm satisfied . It was four points from an A though :( 
I want some chinese , backyard burger , some bacon , and strawberry cake with a strawberry lemonade ..... starving is an understatement 
Remember when a guy sweeps you off your feet he is in the perfect position to drop you on your butt ! 
I loves me some cool/cold weather ! 
Usually I have an answer for everything , school related ha , but I suck at this life crap so I don't care anymore wtbs : such a beautiful day guess I'll take advantage of it , when I get off ! 
Work , study , eat , sleep ; the life of a college student 
Having a pretty good day , hoping no one or anything messes it up 
Relationships are so overrated 
Never lead a girl on , make it clear from the beginning where you're trying to go with her , keeps confusion down and saves her from hurt feelings .... just saying 
When you got something good hold on to it , because someone else is waiting for you to slip up and take your spot 
If i don't get some strawberry cake from somewhere soon , i'm gonna act a fool !!! Anybody wanna make me one ? 
Lord knows I dread to wash this hair of mines , but I gotta do it 
Be careful what you take for granted , someone else is waiting to appreciate it ..... 
Freaking hate c-spire wireless !!!!! About to switch over 
Doing a little retail therapy ahh .... no longer upset :) 
My car needs to be washed Sunday , any takers ? 
Ugh .... might be leaving back for hattiesburg tomorrow the way people getting on my nerves . Ain't been here two days yet 
My favorite thing to put on everyday is confidence and a smile , kills em every time ! 
Still haven't ran across anyone worthy of me but the ones I know are convenient and entertaining #men .... OAN : had so much fun at the fair with the fam but about to take my tired behind to sleep 
I don't know about these other females but I don't wanna be somebody's baby mama , wifey , main chick , side chick .... I better be the ONLY chick .... and I'd rather be \the wife\ " or \ " Mrs. \"" 
Never take relationship advice from single friends .... just keep them out of your business altogether 
About to go to this clubhouse and pop it 4 pimp ( workout ) lol 
Yaay !!! Cold weather means hair like feathers ! Back to the roller wrap I go ! 
Beautiful , smart , and confident ... hard to come by ... catch me while you can ... just saying 
it's raining men ? well i think i'm experiencing a drought ... 
Mind and heart in the same place ... but trying to separate them ... 
USM homecoming today . SMTTT !!!!!! #proudstudent 
Not happy where I'm at , but its where I wanna be .... 
Holding on until I find something better 
I don't really wanna stay , I don't really wanna go , but I really need to know ... can we get it together ?.... 
Me and jas still up like its the weekend or something but we don't have class until 11 ... if you're up hmu 
Yea , I'm stressed out thanks to school so I'm just gonna pray and try my best 
I'm so tired of school , I'm just ready to get it over with and start working 
i would just like to take the time out to wish the most important man in my life ( next to God ) a HAPPY BIRTHDAY ..... to my daddy , < PROPMALE > Henderson !!!! Love you ! 
I'm getting my hair done tomorrow and I'm so happy lalalalalaaaa !!!!! And now I'm singing :) 
Funny how I always try to help ppl but they can never do anything for me , not even the simplest things , so I'm about to stop , about to be one selfish female 
Guess I'll study and work on my paper this weekend .... the joy of school 
So used to getting what I want , I don't know how to react when I'm told no #pissed 
Woke up feeling great ! Thank God ! and i'm giving nobody the power to mess up my day :) 
Being a little less of tejerria and a little more of Tj ... and I love it 
It'd be a blessing if someone cooked Sunday dinner and invited me over , so I won't have to leave home on an empty stomach 
Haunted house tonight with friends ! But studying first ... 
Scared money don't make no money , if I ever go broke i'ma take yo ' money .. i'ma boss ! lol 
Wanna say a very special Happy Birthday to my best burg friend , < PROPFEMALE > Topp !!!! You're 21 !!!! Can't wait for the celebration Saturday ! 
In a really good mood :) 
People who get in relationships and act like they're married are setting themselves up for failure 
two days really happy , back to back ! thanks to one particular person , bet he sees this too :) 
just found $5 in my pocket , day starting off good already ! 
No one has relationships anymore , just relations 
I hate for this weekend to end , had so much fun ! 
Did my absentee vote Friday and voted \no\ " on Initiative 26 . If you're smart you'll do the same tomorrow ! " 
Got my hot wings !!!! 
Seriously thinking about going to grad school at ole miss or jsu , but crossing fingers for ole miss 
Treating ppl how they treat me . If you don't give a * u*k , I don't give a flying , ducking , swimming , tossing nor swerving * u*k 
