Does anybody out there have any throw back pics with me in them . Not that I want to be reminded how \IN\ " I was not . Im gonna go threw mine soon . Cant wait to post them on all yall . " 

Just getting over a very rough weekend . We lost my closest uncle on Wednesday . just getting ready for another week . Will be downloading throw back pics after I finish going through all my boxes . 
Fightin these sinuses . This pollen has got me messed up . Lookin forward to church Sunday . God is good . 
FYI I'm condensing my friend list . If I delete u & u want to stay on just request me again . Sorry no hard feelings . 
TGIF !!! Looking forward 2 a beautiful , family fun filled weekend . If I weren't so family oriented I would be checkin out what they r callin freaknic 2010 . If anybody goes please post info , pics , & videos . Also if anybody knows of any animal organization , vets , or the like ; looking to fill ANY position in metro ATL please hit me up . I'm looking 2 make a career change , probably gonna go 2 school for it . 
Anybody know of a good school 2 go 2 4 the field of workin w/ animals please hit me up . I get on hear religiously checkin out erbody else w/o updating much . I'm now gonna stay more updated . If I delete u when a condense my friend list & u want @ return let me know . Hope ya'll have a great & blessed 1 !!! 
Home from procoring the CRCT's . 1 more day . Thank u rain wash all that stuff away . I'm soooo ready 2 b done with allergy season . 
Getting ready for my youngest 6th b-day party and 2 end of year parties for my children . Got to love bein a mom . Bein a room mom 4 both my children isn't bad either . Still lookin for a job . Let me know if u ne know where thats hiring . 
My youngest 6th b-day party was a hit . Now to plan 2 end of year parties . Bein a room mom is great but bein a mom is REALLY great . Have a blessed one fb fam . 
Had a great last week of school with the girls , but glad all the hustle & bustle is over . Adreniline still hasn't came down . But thats a good thing : came home & been geetin things done every since . I hope this energy lasts . Got a lot of spring cleaning to do . Have a blessed weekend facebook fam & friends . 
This in fromFACEBOOK .. There are many complaints that Facebook has becomeunacceptably slow . The report shows that Facebook has a number ofnonactive members . They want us to re-post this message to see who areactive and who are not . If you don't post this message within 2 weeks ... you will be removed in order to get more space . Post this on your wallto show that you are active in the facebook· . 
Disregard last post it looks like its just a hoaq . Also 2 ne1 that has religion & prays ; please pray for me . I had an interview last week at a vet . ( been trying to change profession 4 more than a year now . ) They gave me a working interview on Thursday since it will be my 1st time n this profession . Pray I get the job & can stomach nething I may come across . I REALLY WANT & NEED THIS . Happy hump day FB fam & friends . 
Just made it back from a great weekend spent with my fam . My niece had her 17th b-day party , drove 2 Alabama 2 attend . Working interview at Vet's office went well . Have a good feeling bout it . Have 2 wait 2 here back 1st part of next week . Thanks 4 all the prayers and good wishes on that , Keep it up . HAPPY FATHER\S DAY @ ALL THE REAL FATHERS OUT THERE . " 
Be anxious for nothing , but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God . And the peace of God , which surpasses all comprehension , will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus . \ 
\ 
Philippians 4:6 , 7 NASB 
By the way , if any body local 2 Atlanta area is looking 4 a motorcycle we may be considering selling ours . Will post pics if so . If any1 interested or knows any1 who may b interested let me know , 4 further info . 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him \ 
master . Had no degree , yet they called him teacher . Had no medicine , yet\ 
they called him healer . Had no army , yet kings feared him . He won no \ 
military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet\ 
... they crucified him . He was burried in a tomb , yet he lives today ! \ 
Repost if you believe in your heart to be true ... See More 
I wanted to thank every1 4 their best wishes & prayers about me getting the job . UPDATE : I GOT THE JOB !!!! Not only that but I'll be working as a receptionist so I don't have 2 be as concerned w/ stomaching the medical stuff . Thank u Lord . Patience has payed off . I start next week . Happy Friday er1 . Going swimming then skating . Have a great & blessed Friday & weekend er1 . 
Getting up & ready for my first day at work . Wish me luck . Hope erbody has a good Monday . 
Getting ready 4 day 3 . Goin well so far . It's gonna be a long 1 . We have alot on our plate 2day . Soooo happy I'm off 4 this weekend/ holiday . Happy FRIDAY FB fam & friends . Hope u have a blessed 1 . 
Hey everyone . I'm back on . Internet's bn down for almost a month . Hope every1's bn well . Have a blessed 1 . 
Happy Monday to all . I just want to say thank u God for my life , loved ones , and new found career . Have a good 1 fb fam and friends . 
Well here we go . School Day # 1 . Open house went well last night . Lets see how the lil princesses do this morning . Soooo glad I was off yesterday & today . Busy day . Lots to do . Have a blessed 1 facebook fam & friends 
Good morning facebook . Hope erbody has a blessed 1 . This is my Friday this week . YEAH !!! Long week , but thoroughly loving my job . 
1 of the worst days ever . I freakin hate Friday the 13th . I woke up and went out to check on my dogs and found 1 of my dogs dead . My oldest daughter found him hanging from the steps . He's been like this at least 9-12 months with no problem . How the hell today he fell but poor baby legs just didn't catch the ground . 
I cried most of today . Luckily I now work at a vet and thanks to my great employer I can get him creamated & ashes returned 2 me ( without charge , thank the LORD ) . We didn't expect him 2 last much longer as a 15 yr . old Shih Tzu . But DEAR LORD not like this . RIP < PROPFIRST > I'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU . 
They say a true friend can go long periods of time without speaking & never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live and don’t hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , ...... but ... that you will always love them ... Re-post if you have at least one of these friends . I am privileged to say I do ! 
God will never drop you any farther than your knees and that is the perfect position to be in . P.R.A.Y. = Praise , Repent , Ask , Yield\ " , 201 0-0 9-01 18:22:25 " 
Saw you pass away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me , he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you miss every day ! 
To all my friends and fam . I'd like to witness how good God is . Be it whatever religion . God accepts everyone , all shapes , sizes , ages , backgrounds & colors . Always remember we as people are not the Judge , God is . We should never turn away from people because we don't agree with their thoughts , ideas , choices , or lifestyles . That should be all the more reason to witness to them . 
To every1 alike , regardless of religion or belief , witnessing to someone is not pushing your religion on them . It is simply letting HIS light shine through you . 
If any1 would like to visit with no pressure or obligation . I'm putting out an open invitation to come to < PROPFEMALE > Chapel Church of God located on Macland Rd , Powdersprings , Ga . They are based on LOVE , ACCEPTANCE , and FORGIVNESS . Come as you are . Services on Wednesday nights 7pm & Sundays at 9am & 11am . We would love to have you . Any questions or need directions , reply or mess . me . 
Winding down a week w/ the kids out of school . Can't believe I'm up this late . I'm finished submitting my inventory for consignment . To erbody , KEEP GOD 1ST IN UR LIFE . The rest will fall n2 place . Always truelly blessed and thankful . Have a good Monday FB fam & friends . 
Ughh upset stomach , throwing up . Guess I'm going 2 the doctor . 
Copy this to your status and see what people rate you ( 1 ) ghetto ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) i want you ( 8 ) spoiled ( 9 ) great person ( 10 ) wild ( 11 ) funny ( 12 ) beautiful ( 13 ) mature ( 14 ) i'd take u home to mom ( 15 ) wish i had your number ( 16 ) . weird ( 17 ) honest ... ( 18 ) cute ( 19 ... ) best ... fri ... end .. see what ur friends say 
If any1 has extra time this Saturday coming up , 10/9 . My job Butler Creek Animal Hospital is having there open house from 9-4 . Free giveaways , food , jumpie , and fun . 3180 Acworth Due West Rd . Kennesaw , Ga . 30152 PLEASE COME SEE WHAT WE HAVE TO OFFER . 
Also my girls ' school fall festival is 4-7 and still in need of volunteers(only 30 < PROPFEMALE > slots ) . We need help running games , booths , jumpies , set-up , & break down . Please respond or message me if you think your interested for directions and details to both . If you know anyone , teenage children , or anyone of the like WE NEED VOLNTEERS . 
1994 Honda Magna Motorcycle F7C-Red -$3000(Metro Atlanta)For sale-If u or if u know any1 interested pls contact me via mess or email shellybug80@aol.com . Clean , immaculate shape , never dropped , good tires&chain , original paint , chrome in great condition , 3rd owner , doesn't leak oil , 31,000 miles , garage kept since new , 4 cylinder , shield , well worth asking price , can deliver locally metro Atlanta area , see pics on profile 
If any one has free time or is willing my girls ' school needs volunteers for their fall festival Sat . 10/9/10 4pm-7pm . Please reply or message me if you or you know of anyone interested or able . Also please view my profile if you or anyone you know may be interested in a motorcylce . 
Also to all Metro ATL friends and family , my job Butler Creek Animal Hospital ( 3180 Acworth Due West Rd . Kennesaw , Ga . 30152 ) , is having their open house tomorrow Sat . 10/9/10 9am-4pm . They will be having give-aways , free food , bounce house , and more . Looking for veterinary , groom , boarding services come see what we have to offer . Look forward to seeing ya'll there . 
Thank God it's Sunday . Church was great , got the girls ' costumes , all the craziness of planning and preparing for open house & fall festival is over , and fixin 2 eat GOOD . Let go & let GOD , & praise & thank him at all times . Have a great week FB fam & friends . Please c profile about motorcyle for sale , if u or any1 may b interested . 
THANK YOU TO ALL MY PRAYER WARRIORS ON FB ....... WHEN PRAISES GO UP ........ BLESSING COME DOWN .. LORD IM THANKING AND PRAISING YOU IN ADVANCE FOR WHAT YOU ARE BOUT TO DO , THANKING YOU FOR WHAT YOU HAVE DONE ... AND FOR WHAT YOU ARE DOING IN MY LIFE RIGHT NOW ... AMEN .. GM FB FAM 
Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are ... and if they are paying attention . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name , No repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you !!!! This should be interesting !!!! 
Time to start another week . So enjoyed my weekend off . Enjoyed my Family dinner & 2nd anniversary . Happy Monday FB fam & friends hope ya'll have a great start to the week . I'll keep erbody in my prayers . 
What a day came home 2 my oldest w/ 104 temp . Didn't know how long she'd had a temp . Winded up at ER . W/ antibiotics/fluids/rest she'll be alright . Have a blessed Sunday fb fam & friends . 
In memory of our moms , dads , brothers and sisters , friends and loved ones . Friday is world cancer day -I'd appreciate it if you will forward this . Dear God , I pray for a cure for cancer . Amen . All you are asked to do is keep this circulating , even if it's only to one more person . In memory of anyone you know who has been .. struck down by cancer or is still living with it . A Candle Loses Nothing by Lighting Another Candle . 
When U < PROPFEMALE > the Bible , satan gets a headache , when U open it , he collapses . When he sees you reading it , he faints , and when you are about to repost this message , he will try and discourage you . I defeated him , I reposted ........ 
I'm now an Avon Representative . If u know any1 or u urself would like a catalog please inbox me will get back to u . 
Do any of us really know everybody on our FaceBook friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get , this could get crazy ! 
WHO ACTUALLY KNOWS ME ? \ 
First name ____ Last name ____ Age ____ Birthday ____ Nickname ____ Favorite Color ____ Pet Peeve ____ Favorite Thing To Do ____ Who do i like ? ____ ( Put this as your status to see who knows you best ! ) 
Long day off , preparing for family 4 the holidays , started Christmas decorating . Gonna be a short but long week . Hope erbody has a great Monday . Erbody be safe , and keep God 1st . Inbox me if ur interested in Avon . I am now an official sales women . 
What a day . Woke up 2 clean up vomit made me late 4 work . Daughter seems 2 b ok . I guess her tummy was just upset last night . Hope I dont get a call from daycare . have a great Monday FB fam & friends . 
3 WORDS : WHAT A DAY !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all . Be thankful 4 all u have even if u ain't got no big plans . There are people that would give nething 2 have a pinch of what u got . Have a great time w/ family & friends . 
Great weekend w/ the family . Be headin back 2 the \A\ " shortly . The wedding was beautiful . Congrats 2 < PROPFEMALE > & John . I'm so happy 4 yall . " 
? put ? this ? as ? your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? know ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? prayer ? is ? that ? in ? 2011 ? a ? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? Will ? you ? post ? it ? for ? just ? one ? hour ? ? 
TGIF ! Hope erbody has a blessed weekend . If any1 is interested I am now an Avon sales rep. Inbox me 4 a brochure . Lots of holiday options & gifts . < PROPFEMALE > I'll be droppin 1 of 4 u . 
CHANGE YOUR PROFILE PICTURE to a cartoon or cartoon character from your childhood to join the fight against CHILD ABUSE . The goal ? Not to see a human face until Dec . 6 . Join the fun ! Copy & paste as your status & invite your friends to do the same 
To every1 that prays & has faith , please pray for me , enuf said . 
Please feel free to share my link for Avon so that any of your friends that may be interested can see . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . 
Still not quite done w/ Christmas shopping , but got some done today . And feel much better . Now just gotta get em wrapped while the kids are at my parents . So I won't be up all night on my birthday again wrapping gifts . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . It really means alot . I'm surprised too have so many birthday wishes . Good to know so many people remember me & cared enough to take take the time to tell me Happy B-day . To all of you & all other FB fam & friends hope you all have a blessed & < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
Does any1 in the < PROPFIRST > , Ga area know of any low income homes or where do search to find them ? 
To everyone who is calling for more strict gun laws in light of the tragedy in Tucson , may I offer this little tidbit : If guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons made Oprah fat ! Remember : Hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they chose !!! ( Reposted from another friend's status message . Feel free to do the same . ) Guns don't pull their own triggers . 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is part of LIFE , getting back up is LIVING ~ Re-post if you agree 
I have carried children within my body . Slept with babies on my chest . I've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts . I've been puked on , peed on , and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a MOM , and there is no greater honor or blessing !! Post this as your status if you are proud to be a Mom !!! 
What a great church service . To any & all in metro ATL Ga . We have guest speakers at < PROPFEMALE > CHAPEL CHURCH OF GOD off Macland Rd , in Powdersprings , borderline < PROPMALE > , 2morrow Thurs . 1/20 & Fri . 1/21 at 7pm . We would love 2 have u . If u need further info , please ask . 
Please put this as your status for at least one hour if you , or someone you know has or had , an invisible illness ( Crohn's , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , Fibromyalgia , MS , COPD , LUPUS , Diabetes ) . My one wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Do it for all who have an invisible illness ... it's a daily struggle 
Is EXPECTING AGAIN !! I know , I know , it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here because it will soon be obvious but wanted to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that we are expecting !! \ 
Yup it's official .. We are expecting snow again Wednesday Night and Thursday Morning !! ** Re-post if ... you have any sense of humor**See More 
I pray , When it's time for me to say goodbye\ 
I'll never forget looking in your eyes , \ 
I pray , That I feel your touch\ 
And that God doesn't forget our love , I pray , \ 
When I close my eyes , I can still see visions of you on my mind . \ 
... I pray , That I see you in another life , \ 
I pray that you still by my side . Oh I pray .? See More 
why is it good things never last or they are too good to be true i mean really i havent asked for much lately 
