playing catch up = Sucky-town . 

Takin a little napper , then findin somethin to do . 
about to get rained on . 
Hittin the hay 
is Bored lately . Time to mix it up ! 
Get your ass to the Cove for karaoke before it starts raining ! 
needs to get healthitized 
is so 3008 
I miss the days when I could sleep til noon .... 
Caffeine is sooo heavenly .. 
Going running . Honk if you see me . 
Kinda hot in these rhino's ....... warrrrmmm 
YOU'VE BEEN ....... THUNDERSTRUCK !!! 
On the bright side , MJ was practically embalmed while he was alive , so he will look exactly the same when they lay him to rest . 
Gettin my Friday on . 
FML ! 
Is under alot of stress and not feeling 100% because of it ........... 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Mays , < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett , MJ , < PROPMALE > McMahon , [ insert name here ] ... 
Umm ... Hookie anyone ??? 
Sugar-Free Red Bull , you are my vice .... 
Karaoke --- The Cove --- 144th and < PROPFEMALE > ... You in ??? 
If a man who cannot count finds a four-leaf clover , is he lucky ? 
Some people walk in the rain , others just get wet ... 
Wants to take a 50 year vacation . 
Has a sore throat . Is it irony to get a cold in the summer ? 
has a case of the Tuesdays . 
Is thinking Piano Bar tonight . Yeah , that sounds good . 
And I need you now tonight . I ( F'n ) need you more than < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My stomach is eating itself . What are some good ideas for lunch ? 
Isn't on a boat . 
Umm .. Did that really happen ??? 
One of these days ... 
Made a discovery . You CAN have too much red bull . 
' scuse me while I kiss the Sky . 
Feeling good . Recovered faster than I thought . Phoenix tonight . 
Out and about . And you should be too ! 
Has a case of the Weekdays . 
On lunch , nom-ing . 
Life is too important to be taken seriously ... 
Starrrrrrrving ! 
Ummm ... I need you to use your outside voices please . 
Diet pops give me a headache ! Frick n Frack . 
Well .. Minus the sunshine I guess its nice inside the building too . Ah , who am I kidding I wanna go outside ! 
Hmm . What to do today ? 
Just doing some things ... And stuff . 
But I know in time we'll find this is no suprise . 
Back in Omaha . But still on vacation . 
shaken not stirred please . 
Closes in three weeks . Excited , aint gunna lie . 
Yearbooked himself . Some of the photos are almost too good . Check em out . 
is apparently an odd bird .... hmm . 
is back in it . 
Random message . 
FML 
Should become a hermit . 
Wants to move already . 
Thats the last time I fill my car up at midnight . I've never been assaulted by so many moths and undiscovered species of bug in my life . 
Destination unknown . Ruby-ruby-ruby-ruby soho . 
Doin some stuff ... And things . Ya know what I'm sayin ? 
Is quite the tired lad 
Sitting at home on a Friday night . Kinda lame , but I'm OK with it . 
is Sweltering . And in Search of lemonade . 
Mother Nature has a fever . Does anyone have any cowbell ??? 50mg chewables are preferred . 
Anxiously awaiting 5 O'clock so I can go home and take a nap . 
I can feel it comin ' in the air tonight ... Oh Lord . 
could use some caffeine . 
< PROPMALE > + Caffiene = Reunited and it feels so good . Reunited ' cause we understood ... 
Workin tonight . Come up and get qualified for Septemberfest < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > of Karaoke . $1000 could be yours . Location : The Cove 144th n < PROPFEMALE > . Be there or be ?. 
Life's a garden . Dig it ! 
Relaxing at home . Nothin wrong with that . 
ain't no geek off the street . 
Was homeless for about an hour . No big deal . 
As long as it rains while I'm indoors at work , I'm fine with it . 
Holy Busy Day ! 
Taking a nap 
Just closed on my house . Another normal day ... No big deal . 
so stoked about the house . Lots of ideas of what to do . 
movin and groovin 
Has been so busy lately with work and moving that I need to take a break and grab a drink . Who's up for it ? 
Dreaming of your mom . Just kidding . Actually ... I take that back , not kidding . 
This is too early . 
\We're both looking for something ; that we've been afraid to find . It's easier to be broken ; it's easier to hide \"" 
Like the Phoenix who rises above ; Like the Frog < PROPMALE > when he finds love . Its like a car that I can't steer ; I get these feelings when your near ... 
This comment has been deleted . 
Has a crush on Colbie Caillat . I wonder if it is reciprocated .?? ... Probably . 
Wants to sit in the steamroom for the rest of the day . 
Has a brainache 
Is thinking Mics for some Happy Hour Karaoke ... 
Had the best night of my life . It was totally random , but what I've been waiting for . 
So last night , I think I finally realized that I like pirates more than ninjas . 
Likes where this is going 
Lookin at all the ppl that are currently on facebook and wondering why they arent at the Cove ... hmm ? 
Thinkin about testing out the new grill tomorrow . Who wants a burger ?... or better yet a burger topped with bacon ! 
I love going to bed early . 
Hit with a huge wave of tiredness ... Callin it a day . 
Thinkin about going to the gym early today ... I dont like fighting with the crowds , but I also dont like being there until midnight . 
I can feel it coming back again ; Like a rolling thunder chasing the wind . Forces pulling from the center of the Earth again ; I can feel it . 
\You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take .... \"" 
Friday = Bliss 
So we lost by a point .... Yeah it sucks , but I still think that we have a team that can take the conference 
Ran the Corporate Cup today . Lung Cancer , you can shove it ! 
DJing Karaoke @ Colliseum tonight . You're invited ... Lucky you ! 
Is so jealous of Rip < PROPFIRST > Winkle . I wish I could take a nap that long . 
Ohhh , ya know . 
Today is a Foo Fighters kind of day 
Could think of about a bajillion things that I'd rather do than be working on this b-e-a-utiful Friday . 
Fook mi ?? No Fook < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is getting bored . I need a new challenge in life . Ideas ? 
hmmmm . Yep thats it . 
Interesting ... yep , interesting 
I got a notion to say what doesnt feel right ... 
Cravin da sweets .... mmmm 
Where should I go tonight for delicious libations ? Ideas please ? 
Hates what came of this ... loves what's opened up 
I think R . < PROPFIRST > said it best -- It's the freakin weekend baby I'm about to have me some fun ... 
@ the Cove . Nuff Said ! 
Up and atom 
The NFL game sux tonight , so make your way to the Coloseum for a refreshing beverage and kick ass music 
Dearest Alcohol , I love you tonight . I'll probably hate you tomorrow . But only in the morning . I swear ... 
I want to be a Rockstar when I grow up ! 
new favorite word of the day ... \Bequeathed \"" 
I can remember everything up until the Champagne . That sh*t is evil . 
Up early , time to go to the gym 
7 more hours til the freakin weekend 
Has workitis . 
Most likely going to end up at Mics tonight . See ya there . 
What's the world record for longest text string with a wrong number ? I think I just broke it . 
Is completely burned out . 
I don't recall seeing as much publicity on prostate cancer awareness last month . Where was the cool-colored NFL gear , awareness ribbons , and cryptic facebook statuses for that cause ? 
Pieces tonight anyone ? 
is entertaining ideas for the game tonight . What's goin on ? 
Hahaha ! The best study ever\ 
\ 
http://www.theonion.com/video/study-americans-get-majority-of-exercise-while-dru,18198/ 
OK . Now Monday , please try to be on your best behavior . I dont wanna have to discipline you in public . 
Paid off my truck today . Take that bank bitches ! 
Has the day off . 
Hates new pillows and the neck kinks that they bring . 
Maybe I'm a dreamer\ 
Maybe I'm misunderstood\ 
Maybe you're not seeing the side of me you should\ 
Maybe I'm crazy\ 
Maybe I'm the only one\ 
Maybe I'm just out of touch\ 
Maybe I've just had enough 
Friday , where have you been all my life ? 
For all those who took Mrs Calantoni's Chemistry class , don't forget tomorrow is Mole day . 
Nothing changes , except perception . 
If names were < PROPFIRST > , I'd sure as hell remember them better . 
Had an epiphany on the greatest costume ever . The benefits of being bald are abundant . 
Dear Burger < PROPMALE > Croissant Sandwich , you may be filling my arteries with cholesterol , but you fill my heart with joy . Keep up the good work ! 
Totally uncoordinated today . If you find my brain , please call me . 
Is totally gunna bust ass today . Lots of work to be done . 
Has his ticket for the Sick Puppies concert . If you want to go , you better get your ticket fast . The lady at < PROPMALE>'s said there are only a couple hundred left . 
I'm gunna go dominate this day really quick . 
Finally winding down from this lonngg day 
So this is what it feels like to be fully rested . 
After 21 years of school , I am relieved that I have less than a month left . And I only need to get a 40% on my final in order to graduate . Can't wait til the school shackles come off . 
If I had a dollar for every time I was told I look like < PROPFIRST > Daughtry , I'd probably have more money than < PROPFIRST > Daughtry . 
Had hotdogs and wine for dinner . Life is about balancing trashy with sophistication . 
I would like to give thanks to all of the turkeys out there who have given their lives for us . You have served our country well , and because of that I can proudly say that I support our turkeys . 
Needs ideas for stuff to do so I can procrastinate on doing homework . 
God , please < PROPMALE > me some < PROPFEMALE > ... Right Now ! 
I just want to sleep . 
I need a new horizon 
Hoping for a Husker win tonight . Get ' em Pelini 
Bring summer back please . 
Ahh class , you are the thorn in my side ; the rock in my shoe ; the knife in my back ; the piss in my cheerios . I will be happy when we part ways in one week's time , never to see each other again . I bid you adieu . 
And I still haven't found what I'm looking for ? 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . I hope you all have a swell day . 
50 degrees in mid December . I'll take it . 
Common sense isn't common ... at all . If you are brave enough to drive on the streets in this weather , and happen to be driving a white vehicle , please turn your lights on . 
I cant wait for the holidays to be over , strictly so those annoying Hyundai commercials will go away . 
I am totally looking forward to turning in my book tomorrow . The bad news : I may only get $ . 10 for every dollar I spent on it . The good news : I'll never have to step foot on campus again . 
Got my last final tonight . Following it up with Sick Puppies . Oh yeah ! 
I swear the dishes in my sink are breeding . There is no other way I can justify it filling up daily . 
I got a B . Pleasantly suprised . 
Today has been a bizarro day ; everything has turned out the opposite of what I wanted/hoped 
I hate shopping during non-Christmas times of the year , so today is going to be hell 
So if you were to vacation in Mexico , would you go to the Baja side or the Yucatan side ? 
I wish I had a hellified gangsta < PROPFEMALE > . Oh well . I guess you deal with the cards you're dealt . 
Yawn 
Taking a post Christmas dinner nap , then heading out on the town . 
Bring on 2011 
If anyone goes to 24-Hour , please let me know if the resolutioners have started to arrive . I want to go to the gym tonight , but don't feel like waiting for equipment to free up . 
Everyone's goal today should be to talk to a friend you haven't seen all year . 
I've have a ton of great friends and I have accomplished alot of awesome things in my life , but for some reason I can't help but feeling completely unfulfilled . I don't get it . 
Going for a much needed run after work . 
I'm addicted to the show Intervention . Talk about irony . 
And . home . 
My furnace is operable once again . Score ! 
In this world , you have to take chances to make advances . 
11:11 on 1/11/11 
I'm gunna get off work at noon tomorrow and take a little stay-cation . 
Circumstances are not negative or positive , circumstances are neutral . It is our thinking , our mental state , our perspective that make a circumstance seem positive or negative . 
My knee is totally jacked up . Not sure if its the weather or if I strained it at the gym . It would be cool if I had a killer gangster < PROPFEMALE > , but sadly I look like I have polio . 
Signing up for a soccer league . This should be interesting as I havent played soccer since I was knee high to a grasshopper . 
Rock those granny pants girl ! 
And the plot thickens .... 
Is the juice worth the squeeze ... In my opinion , yes . 
Snow is pretty -- pretty effin annoying . 
Go Pack Go ! 
Sick . 
This day is mine . Anybody that tries to take it better be willing and ready to take a bat to the face . 
Last night was awful -- awefully amazing . To say the least 
Last night was full of amazing memories . It was also full of patron shots , so I cant remember any one of them 
Strap on your ice skates 
Well rested . Feelin amazing . 
Playing my first ever soccer game tonight . Kinda anxious 
Absolutely cannot wait for the weather to warm up so I can start running outside again . 
Go pack Go 
Teachin myself how to dougie . 
Today is National Recovery Day . I didnt drink enough to participate this year . And I'm OK with that . 
Anyone wanna take a roadtrip ? 
I've been looking forward to this weekend since last weekend . Finally ! 
The sauna is calling my name . Time to get Schwetty 
Pretty sure my redbull intake from last night reached an unhealthy level . 
Going for a run outside . Gunna be sloppy . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day and tonight I have a super hot date . . . with the sauna . 
Stepping it up a bit . 
Operation : gain 10 lbs in 2 months commences today 
Today has been an amazing Friday thus far . \ 
[ x ] Gym\ 
[ x ] Tan ( which was free , even better)\ 
[ ] Laundry . This can wait 
<----- This guy will be wearing Sex Panther cologne tonight . How's he gunna keep the ladies off him ? 
Caffeine headache 
I really need a nap . This weekend took it out of me . 
Excited for soccer tonight . Is that victory I smell ? 
When in Rome . 
I'm really static-y today . I can't imagine what you folks with hair are going through . 
Ahh weekend . Where have you been all my life ? 
Caffeine pill injested . Will KC be able to handle this tonight ?? 
Complimentary hotel downtown KC -- yes please ! 
Before you swim , you've gotta be OK to sink . 
This past week has been incredible . You'd be crazy to think I'm stoppin now . 
Off to the dentist to get my snagglies polished . 
Wow , its March already ??? 
There are the normal boobs ( . )( . ) , the silicone boobs ( + )( + ) , the perfect boobs ( o)(o ) . Some boobs are cold (^) (^) , and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\./\\./ And let’s not forget the very large boobs ( o Y o ) , and the very small boobs (.) (.) , and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•) (.) We love them all ! Post this message on your wall and say ??? (_) ??? to BREAST CANCER ... 
Another day , another dollar 
Get down wit'cha bad self 
gym time 
Love isn't always on time 
Feels great this morning . And I attribute that to yesterday being leg-day at the gym . 
Punxsuwtawny < PROPMALE > is a piece of shit . Where's my early spring ?? 
Soccer tonight 
Needs -- To -- Get -- Outside 
Mama said knock you out . 
\Nobody will ever win the battle of the sexes . There's too much fraternizing with the enemy \"" 
Got a new phone yesterday , and lets just say Angry Birds has taken over my life . 
In honor of Nate Dogg's death , I'm gunna keep it real real gangster today . Or is it gangsta ? 
Its my Friday . This could be dangerous . but you'd be pessimistic for thinking that . Lets do this ! 
.. and visions of < PROPFEMALE > car bombs danced in their heads . 
Went running this afternoon . Never really noticed how much trash is on the side of the roads . C'mon people ! 
Music as a Weapon concert -- on The River's tab . Yes please ! 
Mother Nature needs to stop whoring around with Old Man Winter 
I have completely forgotten what it feels like to be warm . 
Maybe I'm behind the times , but I just heard that \Friday\ " song . WTF ?? Seriously ?? " 
Staying in on a Friday night . Not an April fools day joke . This sore throat is a joke though . 
Getting the gym out of the way before it gets nice out 
Going out to play 
Can't wait to get off my lazy ass and play some soccer tonight . 
Sprained wrists are hardly convenient 
<--- thinks that the punching bag games are a stupid idea in a bar or really anywhere . You can show your masculinity better by being a gentleman than punching some bag and having a computer arbitrarily pick a number for you to base your strength on 
Has yet to have a good morning after a night including GoldSchlager 
DJing at the Cabin . Come out 
Wasn't asked at all about my black eye today . So either people assume I'm naturally rowdy or I wear black eye's well . Both of which worry me . 
Needs to go to the gym , but it is really nice out . Someone needs to open an outdoor gym and resolve this problem . 
So if this weather forecast is right , we might get snow on Friday ??? What's the date again ? 
This day is draggggging 
To get something you've never had , you have to do something you've never done . 
hmmm 
Thank you Mother Nature for the free car wash . The free shower was unnecessary though . 
Friday . Friday . Gettin down on Friday . 
Power & light 
Tailfeather shaking skills would come in handy right about now . ~~~ At Elite Lounge . 
Daylight come and me < PROPFEMALE>' go home . 
<----- Needs a stiff drink 
Omaha . Is . Boring . 
<---- would kill for a run in the warm sun . 
Is anyone taking a vacation sayyy within the next two weeks that I can tag along with . Cost and PTO are not an issue , just somebody give me an excuse to leave this town . 
Hope everyone is having a snappy Easter . 
Headin to the Phoenix for some pre-Monday Funday 
aahhh , the pungent aroma of worms . 
Soccer time 
Bin Laden is dead - Now bring our troops home 
The two benefits of Bin Laden being dead :\ 
1 ) Bin Laden is dead\ 
2 ) The < PROPMALE > Wedding is out of the headlines\ 
It's a great Monday . 
Just realized today is Cinco de Mayo , and I have tomorrow off -- Bonus ! 
I WANNA ROCK !!! 
Jealousy levels are peaking after seeing people jog while on my lunch break . 
Life pretty much has come full circle 
<--- hopes that all of the people bitchin about the heat last week are happy . Enjoy your lack of sun . 
Somebody needs to invent a Rumpleminze patch 
Anybody taking applications for stalkers ? I need something to do with my free time . 
I have a stinger in my neck , which is making it very difficult for me to rock out to Pandora . It's gunna be a long day . 
Wishes my highschool advisor would have steered me into a career of selling seashell necklaces to beach tourists . Kinda getting tired of the corporate grind and being landlocked . 
I kinda want to splurge and have a fancy \End of the world\ " Dinner tomorrow ... Followed by a \ " I survived the end of the world\ " breakfast Sunday morning . Who's in ?? " 
Watching the dirt track races at Eagle Raceway . 
Alive and ready to thrive 
A lot to do ... no motivation . 
Two wrongs don't make a right , but three rights make a left . 
Countdown to my 4-day weekend in T-minus 4 hours . 
So who's goin out to play tonight ? 
All the mosquitoes that bite me have to be alcoholics ... 
Tonight has definitely been the most random night of the year . Leave it up to < PROPMALE > Ne . 
< PROPMALE>'s awkward moment of the day : Changing clothes at the gym when a half naked old guy strolls up ... wearing a man bra . 
Saw pretty much every beautiful person I wanted to see tonight . Well ... there were a couple more I wouldn't mind seeing . 
Caffeine's a helluva drug . 
Its thirsty Monday !! 
Pretty much almost died this morning because of some bitch ass text-driver . A little wired right now . 
In other news , its a great day outside and I can't wait to get off work . 
Freedom !!!! 
Going to the gym .... on a Saturday night . I don't think I've done this since I was 20 . 
This weather is fantastic .... if you're a duck . 
Cant sing --- Ross pissed 
Scotty-thon at the Slowdown . Which is where you should be . 
meh 
Driving range 
This summer needs to slow down .... Starting tomorrow . 
Really needs a vacation . Any one up to go somewhere ? ( preferably further than Kansas city ) 
Has a little spare cash , what to do with it ... \ 
* Ultra Responsible choice -- Put it in my retirement account\ 
* Responsible choice -- Pay off my credit card\ 
* Less responsible choice -- Take a bomb ass vacation\ 
* The \Bad boy\ " choice -- buy a motorcycle\ 
In Detroit . Don't ask . 
4 flights in 36 hours = one tuckered out < PROPMALE > 
We'll stand on top of the world and look down 
Hi ! 
Chillin poolside . At Vanderbilt Apts . 
Gunna rock out to some Journey . Who else is here ? 
Oh the weather outside is weather ?? 
Phew ! All this relaxing at the pool is wearing me out 
When did dressing like trash and acting like a retard become trendy ?? 
<----- is craving a Redbull . 
<--- hopes you are having a Dyn-Oh-Mite Friday 
I got enough Vitamin D today to last me til I'm 90 
12 hours of sleep -- Check 
I wasn't smart enough to be born < PROPMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s on a vacation far away ... 
History doesn't repeat , but it often rhymes . 
Needs to start training for Corporate Cup . 
Today is pretty much stellar . No big deal . 
I passed the Nebraska Motorcycle class . Now on the look out for a sweet ride . 
Today would be a fantastic day to drink on a patio . 
\I wonder if Whole Foods sells organic cigarettes\ " . Quote from part of a conversation I was in . " 
Yeah , pretty effin stoked about this weather ! Start the football now !! 
What's all this chatter about a storm rolling through town last night ? I slept through it thanks to the constant hum of the fan in my room . 
Helping The Cove get its freshness back with a new paint job . 
Hey everyone ! If you are looking for a job or want a change of pace , Hayneedle is hiring full and PT positions in our call center . Interviews are being held on the spot at our career fair *** TODAY *** from 2 - 7pm --- 13831 Chalco Valley Parkway , 3rd Floor . Message me if you have any Q's . Oh and tell them I mentioned it to you . \ 
Have a Stellar day ! 
Bringin home the bacon . 
I've had quite a few < PROPFEMALE > Vu experiences lately . I'm gunna start dreaming about winning the lottery just to see how far I can take this . 
It is extremely difficult to not go out and rent a convertible on a day like this . 
It's early . I'm up . Gym time . 
Hates telling the truth and knowing that it may cause a friendship to be broken ... 
Closing down , single-handedly , one of the best days of my life . 
Workin .... it . 
<---- Is pretty much high on life , and does not want an intervention . 
<----- wears white after labor day . 
Mmmm Pop Rocks . 
Hoodie weather is goodie weather . 
Early to bed , early to rise 
I need to relearn how to sleep , because apparently I've forgotten . 
What is with all the new BMW's and Audi's in our parking lot ? I must not have gotten the memo .... or the pay raise .... 
All these updates and facebook still doesn't have a \dislike\ " button ... " 
Is anyone else playing the Million Dollar Challenge that CNBC is hosting ? How are you doing so far ? 
I'd definitely make out with this weather . 
Sleep . 
Quite a few snafu's this morning . WTH ? 
What an amazing day 
Note to self #1 : Eat before drinking . \ 
Note to self #2 : Don't forget note #1 
\Sunday is the day of rest . \ " -- I'm taking total advantage of this statement . " 
I haven't had caffiene in 3 days . So yeah ... 
< PROPMALE>'s pet peeve #493302 -- having to attend meetings on productivity , when clearly I am not able to do my work while in said meeting . 
4 mile run - check . 
This rain is somewhat refreshing . Aaaahhhh .... 
I really want to just fast forward two weeks . 
I don't feel very good . 
Watchin RepoGames . I wonder how real it is , because that is actually a great idea for a game . 
Apparently my body is in fasting mode without my permission . 
\A closed mouth doesn't get fed . \"" 
Aahh Friday , thank you for saving me from this crazy ass week . 
Love truth , pardon error . 
Was baptized this morning . The most peaceful feeling I have ever had . 
9 days til < PROPFEMALE > San < PROPMALE > . Super pumped ! 
Who invented the 40 hour work week again ? They are banished to my hate list for all eternity ! 
I'm going to be shutting down FB in the next couple of days . It's becoming a distraction and I need to focus on getting through our busiest time of year at work . Message me your info if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out sometime , otherwise I'll see you guys around !! 
Back home . I didn't lose any appendages . And ... I didn't grow any either . 
Morning jog anyone ? 
