Back to where I belong ... good old EMU . 

I need sleep for this boring ass week . 
God ! Is it the 27th yet ? 
10 ... more ... days ... 
Going to sub week tomorrow . Should be good considering I get to sleep in then ride on a plane . 
Loaded some pictures , and now I am getting ready to jump on that plane to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Having a good day during sub week . Finally , a week with the Navy that I thoroughly enjoy so far . 
Back from the sub after 27hrs of being awake , I took a 3hr nap and I feel good . 
Can I go home now ? 
Wow , I'm home . How anticlimactic ... 
It's going to be a weekend for the books ... 
I need to shave , shower , and get a haircut hardcore . 
Had a good last couple of days . This weekend promises to be good too . My picks for UFC 100 : GSP will win , < PROPMALE > Lesnar will win , and Bisping is going down !!! 
8 mile run was good . Week 3 complete . 
For some reason I can't sign into my . emich . I've tried changing the password and everything . Anyone else having this problem ? 
It's going to be a good day for 6-7 < PROPMALE > . 
One weekend and 19 < PROPMALE > later , I'm feeling pretty good . 
Summer is ending quickly ... it's about damn time . 
Has stuff to do today . 
I'm back to Ypsi in 11 days . 
Just registered for the Crim Festival of Races . I am so pumped !!! 
Change of plans , apparently I am not going to Ypsi until the 22 or 23rd . 
My cellphone is lost and gone forever . Don't call it . 
Back to Ypsi after the Crim tomorrow . It's been fun Gladwin County ... 
I just ran 10 < PROPMALE > in 59:42 . Another running goal down . Yes ! 
First day of staff week was sweet . I screamed and got screamed at , but I'm really looking forward to getting my brief squared away . 
Left my labtop at North Hall , crap . 
I have a new cell phone ! Same number , but friends , send me your < PROPFIRST > again ! 
Tomorrow is where it all begins . Hope they're ready , because we are . 
I just ran 19 < PROPMALE > and feel like dying right now ... 
I'm tired as hell . The new freshmen are here and my job is done . However , I can't go home and chill this weekend . I'm pissed . 
I just had one of the best weekends ever . I can't wait for the year to kick off . 
And so it begins again ... 
This situation better get sorted out . I have things to do . 
Time to do it again . 
Let me rephrase , Time for another \wonderful\ " Thursday . " 
Is having serious thoughts about quitting this desk job . I don't need the money this bad . 
And I'm all better now . lol 
12 < PROPMALE > just for fun . 
Things are about to become rather busy . 
Looks like going home on Friday is not happening ... hopefully I can get back on Saturday . 
Why is it that all my dreams are nightmares anymore ? 
Going home tomorrow around 10 am , missing the party of my life right now , but you know ? It's worth it now . 
Time to head back to EMU . Things are alright . 
Running , and running , and running , and running ... 
0500 is my favorite time of day , every day . 
I wish it was just Friday right now , but that would be way too easy . 
Tomorrow is going to be one of those days that I remember for the rest of my life . 
Well , we all get what's coming to us . 
Back to this shit . 
October is looming ... it will be a month of trial . 
Can't wait for this weekend . I'm tired of this week . 
I'm going to make this plan , and it's a pure shot in the dark . Hopefully , it works . 
Turned out better than expected ... 
We all have good days and bad days , it's all in how we recover . Thanks Klenke . 
U of M , you are the reason I have to go kill myself now .... thanks . 
That run tired me out more than I expected ... 
Does everyone just absolutely hate my endurance challenge team ? 
The weekend brings the challenge . We'll be ready . 
So we're rolling our sleeves up huh ? Wierd . 
Wisconsin for the weekend . 
Back to the usual grind , however , now I get more sleep . YES !!! 
Easy 6 < PROPMALE > , and now I'm getting ahead of the whole \study game . \"" 
So , my sister is in some serious trouble . 
We are young , but we have heart , born in this world as it all falls apart . 
Alright , maybe I'm an optimist , but I think Buell Hall Co-ed football team is going to take the league ! 
I can't keep telling myself what I want to believe , because it's poisoning the best of me . Let me tell you more about the life I lead . 
This weekend definitely cut into the study time . Worth it ? Dunno yet . 
I just went for an eight mile run to clear my mind . It didn't work . 
6 days until < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I have to do this creative writing work before my game tonight ! 
Got some serious flag football to take care of tonight . Not long until that big 26.2 . This time I will destroy it , not the other way around . 
The weekend was excellent ! Just ran a 3:06:52 marathon time , which qualifies me for the Boston Marathon . Looks like I have to do another one now . 
Recovery is going great , I'll be running strong again by the end of the week for sure . Short and easy run tomorrow . IN A COSTUME !!! 
I will never play for dorm teams like that again . 
I feel sweet now . Awesome drill period , awesome night , and I'm going home tomorrow . Best weekend ever . 
Car is broke , but it's okay . Things tend to work out . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sigma Phi , we are finally putting the rubber to the road ! 
Can't believe how dark it is at 1800 now . Jeez ... 
Holy Shit ... 
Sunday , I'm just letting you know , we are not friends . 
Just got a 98% on my creative writing mid term . Things went much better than expected . 
I just had to submit my first class override ever . Hopefully it goes alright . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Zeta ! Don't worry , we'll make up for it on the 22nd . I promise . 
I have my girlfriend with me ! 
And now she is gone again ... 
I love the gear I get from my battalion . Especially when I find dried blood in it . 
My GSI just told me I need to stop writing like I'm writing an English paper , and start writing Psychology papers . Shit . 
Just figured out who I want my big brother to be . This is sweet shit . 
UP IN THE MORNING WAY TOO SOON !!! 
There better be something awesome going on this weekend !!! 
2 MORE DAYS !!! 
Getting ... the hell ... out ... of here .... tomorrow ! 
I feel well fed and accomplished . Let's get some homework done . 
My shoulders are in a lot of pain right now . 
It's going to be a little chilly in the field this weekend . Better bring some extra snuggle gear ... 
My worst nightmare has turned into my best creative writing paper ever ! 
Choice of vehicles is now narrowed down to 3 . 2002 Impala , 2005 Malibu , 2001 Smart Nubira . Gotta think this one through . 
Time to face the freezing field tomorrow . 
Pretty sure that I just received my first little bit of frostbite ... at least it isn't too bad . 
Finals week is next week . I'm so glad that these assignments are finally going to be over . 
Just spent the last three hours on Sociology 336 . How ' bout a swim ? 
This is going to be a damn good weekend . Sunday is going to be the best Arctic Plunge you have ever seen ! 
And the ass-chewing contines ... guess I deserve it . 
I am jumping into frigid waters in a little over eight hours . It's going to be amazing . 
POLAR PLUNGE TEAM ASSEMBLE !!!! 
One final Tuesday , Two finals on Wednesday , and my last final on Thursday . I'M GONNA MAKE IT !!! 
A break I could've done without ... 
Haircut , shaven , and a sweet workout . Today was good . 
Cumulative GPA is now at a 3.5 . It's about damn time . 
And then they go and change the MMA schedule on me last minute . What the hell ? 
Tired ... bored ... the week just needs to start . 
Monday turned out pretty decent for once . 
Book stipend needs to hurry the hell up ! 
Morning PT , five mile run , MMA practice tonight . It's all in a day's work ! 
Regroup and push forward . That's how we're going to do Delt Sigs ... 
Going to die of boredom . Tomorrow will be better . 
Holy shit night . 
Eyes wide open , time to go . 
I'm thinking a night run is in order . Peace . 
Getting my truck this weekend . Finally ! 
Slow < PROPFEMALE > I will have you some day ! 
Bought the insurance , now I just have to go get the truck . 
Found my phone , got my truck , life is good . 
Now that I finally have some wheels I can go home this weekend . 5 days ... 
The 15 minute rule just went into play . I was a good kid and waited 20 , what the hell ? 
I just spent more than six hours writing up an excellent rough draft for the Delt Sig by-laws . We better use it ... 
I get to go home today . 
3 year anniversary was good . Time to go back to Ypsi tomorrow . 
Got a seriously good month ahead of me . 
My situation is kindof odd being both a Sergeant at Arms and part of recruiting comittee . On one hand I am getting rid of pledges , and on the other I'm attempting to bring them in . Weird ... 
It's been a low day to be sure . Tomorrow is another day . 
PT IS GOOD FOR YOU AND GOOD FOR ME ! 
Finally , this was a good time to be had by all . 
Another weekend draws to a close . 
Knocked out two exams today . 
Leaving for Louisiana tomorrow ! 
Damn .... long weekend . 
Longest day of the week is over . I was definitely right about February being a good month . 
Things are feeling a little < PROPMALE > , but I know it's going to be good . 
Much ... soreness ... in the body . 
Just learned how to waltz with the DZ girls tonight . Well at least I know one way to dance . 
Headed out to GVSU for the weekend . Peace ! 
11 < PROPMALE > down today . Long night ahead . 
So , why didn't anyone tell me that GVSU was 100 times better than EMU ? 
It's snowing harder than our snow day two weeks ago , but we still have class . Hmmm ? Who's the damn genius in charge of this ? 
A wonderful day , draws to a close . Only four more until I go home . 
Finished class for the week . Drill tomorrow , PT on Friday , and then it's time to head home . 
Waking up at 3 tomorrow . At least I'll be home soon . 
I jumped right out to shout < PROPFEMALE > CORPS !!! 
I'm back home . Not sure how I feel about it yet . 
Poker night fools !!! 
Should probably do some homework today . 
Back to EMU . Damn . 
I hate these feelings . Ugh ... 
Look at the past and consider how much different it could've been . 
I am seeing lots of people out running . Bout time . 
Yeah < PROPFIRST > 1 ! That's how it's done ! 
I hope this weekend's thoughts will resolve the conflict . 
I just want to be free ! 
Fighting , never very fun , but usually necessary . 
A run usually helps , 12 < PROPMALE > later , it really didn't this time . 
It's on !!! 
Watching , waiting . 
15 minute rule in effect . I was a good kid and waited 20 again . What is this professor's deal ? 
Yesterday was good , now it's back to work . 
Nobody told me I was going to be going to class all weekend !!! 
Back from Notre Dame . Great , another school that I wished that I went to instead . 
Just a couple more days until the shit hits the fan . 
Here we go ! 
Ever feel like it would just feel better if parts of your body would fall off ? 
Today I am 20 . Time to leave the teenage years behind . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone . They meant a lot to me . 
I will find something to do tomorrow night . Suggestions ? 
28 days until I return to that town hidden by all the woods .... Beaverton . 
Most ... lame ... weekend ... ever ... 
17 days remaining until I am finished with this hole in the ground called EMU . 
Hopefully a run will wake me up for my final class of the day . 
15 days til I'm out for summer . Gotta < PROPFEMALE > on ... 
After 5 < PROPMALE > I have concluded that it is a little bit wet outside . 
13 days to go till I'm done with school . 22 days till home . 
Staying strong . DSP ! 
Longest day of the week comes to a close . Now it's time to finish strong ! 
Donated blood yesterday and I just couldn't run well at all today ... 
Classes are all done for the semester . Two finals and I'm out of here on Thursday ! 
Motivate . 
Initiation ... it's happening . Go time . 
Has been welcomed into the land of < PROPFEMALE > Sigma Phi . It feels good . 
I don't know if I've ever been more frustrated . I'm gonna start breaking stuff ... 
One roomie out and two more to go . One final left to go , I'll knock that out at 3 . 
Good brainstorm Delt Sigs . That's what I like to see ! 
Well Ypsi , can't say it has all been bad , but there were some pretty shitty moments . See you in the fall . 
6 days until the return home . Count it . 
I have received the first C+ of my college career today . Let's make sure it doesn't happen again . Fuck Astronomy . 
A Monday with nothing to do at all feels kindof nice . 
2 more days until the return home . 
Packed up and headed out in the morning for < PROPFEMALE > Arbor , and then home . Less than 24 hours now . 
Home is turning out better than I thought it would be originally . We'll see if this lasts . 
10 mile boots and utes . My back hurts now . 
And my life feels 100% normal today . Thank god that's over . 
Hiding indoors , waiting for it to cool down so I can run . 
6 mile day . What a boring Saturday ... 
When all you have to do is run and work out , you tend to get a lot stronger and faster . Oh yeah it's happening . 
A lazy day after a crazy night ... 
Finally some work to do . 
It just hit me that I want to be back in Ypsi and not this < PROPFEMALE > town anymore . 
Gotta get it together , only about two weeks remaining until I hit the mountain ! 
Less than two weeks until the mountain ! 
2 more days and it will be time to hit the mountain . 
Tomorrow begins MWTC . See everyone again on the 11th . 
Back from the mountains now . 
I just want to get back to where I belong !!! Not too much longer now . 
Well , that went well ... 
I can't wait to get back to Ypsi where people actually do stuff on the weekend . This place is getting rediculous . 
I love days off of work . 
Why are trick bikes less expensive than snowboards ? 
10 more days of work left . Summer is closing . 
Damn ... 
Bout time to sleep here in DC . I'll be in Ypsi on Sunday . 
Back in Ypsi . It's good to be back . 
Put in a good work day , let's get some more tomorrow and Friday . Sunday is coming ... 
Well , Prep Week was fun , but now it's time for some fun outside of the battalion . 
The beginning of the end is tomorrow candidates ... 
Epic weekend over ... 
Got my refund today , it was amazing . 
Time for some rock climbing and a good start to a good weekend . 
Mondays are going to be long days this semester . 
Done with this homework business for today . 
The homework business begins again today . 
1 more class and I have survived another Monday . 
Tuesday is the easy day . Wednesday , Thursday , and then I have Friday off . It's going to be a good week and an even better weekend . 
Excellent event Delt Sigs , a special thanks goes out to the ladies of Sigma Kappa ! 
The end of today marks the end of my week . Finally . 
The week begins again . 
Miriah is leaving now . I am very sad ... 
TUESDAY !!! 
If the eighth man for my endurance challenge team would stop looking at the PT plan and bailing out , that would be great . Thanks . 
The big push to end Thursday . Let's do this . 
Some serious rock climbing was done today . 
Glad that this weekend is drawing to a close . 
Let's get this week started right ! 
So , I found a pair of running shoes I want ... but I know I don't need them . I'm stuck here ... 
Week , you are officially over for me in about seven hours . Hell yes . 
The weekend begins again . 
These weeks seem to be blending together . Already week six ? Damn ... 
... So I think it's raining outside ... 
Alright Thursday , let's get you out of the way . 
At GVSU with the girl . See everyone Sunday . 
Monday begins now . 
Alright everyone playing McDonalds monopoly , I have the Park Place piece . If anyone has the boardwalk I will gladly split the million with you . 
Maybe I didn't read this right , but Endurance Challenge is worth 25% of Wisconsin's DRILL meet ..... again . ( Do I need to emphasize drill again ? ) 
Just keep on running ... 
Gotta get up in about 5 hours . Yeah for being early for being early . 
Hello Wisco ! 
Really sore . Sorry next two classes , you have no pressing issues . 
This week is flying . Good weekend ahead , I can feel it . 
Returning to Gladwin County tomorrow . Should be a good weekend . 
Returning to the home front now . 
Coming back to Ypsi . Good fun weekend . 
Feeling those angry feelings coming back again ... 
Strange dreams ... people that I haven't spoken to since high school showed up . 
It was a good night last night with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . You know who you are . 
Nice day for a run . It'll probably be the last for a long time . 
Another excellent run on another excellent day . 5k this weekend . 
Happy birthday United States < PROPFEMALE > Corps 
And now , Happy Veteran's Day ! 
Really , really ? Guess it was my turn right ? Damn ... 
Not feeling well . Ugh ... 
MORTAL COMBAT !!! 
Really bad nightmare last night . Weird ... 
Sooooo who's doing something tonight ? 
Very successful night last night . 
Break , too bad you won't really be a break and I have work to do the whole time . Oh well , at least I won't have to work on it around here . 
Got through Monday easy . Two classes today and I can get the hell out of here tomorrow . 
See you when I get back from Indiana tonight . 
I just have to hold on for a few more weeks . Then this semester ends and next semester will be a breeze . 
Glad break is over so I can get this crap over with . 
I never thought I would say this but ... DBZ is ruining my life right now . 
Yoga has successfully changed me from a very stressed and angry person , to a very calm , relaxed , and tired person tonight . 
Things are coming together now that the paper is done . 
Heading out for a field exercise tomorrow . See everyone again around midnight on Saturday . 
Now I'm back , what's going on ? 
Just successfully slept 11 hours . It was nice . 
Turns out that I will be done with everything next Tuesday . Not stressing at all . 
SOCL 333 , your paper is done son ! I'm finished with you . 
Just drove over 4 hours to get back to EMU when it should've only taken 2 . Now in the library the rest of the night . 
Studying at the library complete . I'm done . 
I wish the difficult issues would just take care of themselves ... 
Boarding tomorrow ! 
DESTROY EVERYTHING ! 
It's going to be another day of running and lifting some weights . I don't know if you heard me counting yesterday , but I did over a thousand . 
Time to celebrate new years . Have fun , and I hope to see some of you ! 
Headed back to Ypsi today . Let's get back to it . 
Let's get back to it . 
Another Monday down , about 14 to go . 
You ever have one of those dreams that you never want to wake up from ? Yeah ... 
Gents , just know that night is noted . 
So I just bought some sweet kicks , and to try them out I went for a great five mile run . 
Rock climbing tonight . Time to get back to the lead . 
It's going to be a good day followed by a good weekend in Chicago ! 
It better be there ... 
These weekends will be the death of me . 
Doors were just made to be broken ... 
Maybe if people would wear regular shoes with traction , I wouldn't be forced to laugh as they land on their damn face . BTW fuck UGGs . 
I'M SO PISSED !!! WHO DID IT ? 
Forgot how awesome swimming was . That was a lot of fun ! 
University of Michigan is about to be full of MCninjas . 
Did anyone ever consider that the Mayans just didn't feel like adding more to their calendar ? Damn . 
HYPE THAT STORM TO THE < PROPMALE > !!! 
I still can't make phone calls or text . This sucks . 
Another day without cell phone service ... Sprint what the fuck ? Get that tower back up or something . 
Life is good my friends . 
Just tore up a five mile race in < PROPFIRST > . 3rd place overall , 1st in the age group 19-24 . There were parts of the course that had over a foot of snow ! 
The middle of the week ... it's all down hill from here . 
Crisis averted . 
This whole snow day off thing is really working out for me . 
This week is just a whirlwind of stuff moving and c < PROPFEMALE > ing . Exams , paper , and transmission . Just gotta < PROPFEMALE > in there until the end of the week . 
The hardest day is over . Easy day tomorrow and Friday . Then hopefully home if my truck is fixed . 
Goin home ! 
Home is quiet . Quiet is good . 
Taxes and FAFSA done . Getting a pretty good chunk from both . 
Dumped some serious cash on a new set of cammies and boots . Expenses pile up again . 
You know that feeling you get when an exam gets canceled tomorrow ? Oh yeah , I do . 
This week is pretty easy . Too easy .... 
That's why I say hey man nice shot . 
Good fight , good night ... 
Run far and run fast 
Got chased by a crazy leprechaun with a hammer around the diag this morning . Weird . 
Sometimes man .... sometimes .... 
Got no choice anyway . HIYATT ! 
Decimate the weak ! 
Back to the final push for endurance . Rest week next week . 10 days left . 
When there is no choice , it becomes very clear what you have to do . 
Bad day , fuck . 
Even though I do it all the time , it is still pretty cool to watch the sun go up . 
A restful Saturday . This weekend is going to be a calm one . 
Gotta stretch that money ! 
So , uh , three more days until I turn 21 . No big deal or anything , just sayin . 
Gotta keep an iron grip on my money for a while . 2 days remain . 
Really busy day , but that's fine I'll be 21 in about ten hours . 
Happy 21 ! lol 
