yay Scooby-Doo :) 

LOL ! I love the Blue Collar Comedy Tour movies ! I'm constantly giggling ! 
never read The Aeneid ..... it's boring !!!!!! 
I need the motivation to work on my Sociology paper ! 
HA HA HA ... I love Ralphie May's Austin-Tatious !!!! 
POKE WAR !!!! :-D 
* giggles * poking is so much fun 
I have my < PROPFEMALE > on my lap :-D 
Anybody know of 3 to 4 < PROPMALE > changes in the character Aeneas from the Aeneid ? lol 
Sitting in my comfy robe trying to write this stupid essay due tomorrow 
WOO ! the essay that was due tomorrow has been extended to the 9th . excitement ! 
SWEET !!!!!! I GOT A 99 ON MY SOCIOLOGY RESEARCH PAPER !!!!!!!!!! 
I'm excited . I'm watching my favorite Christmas special on ABC Family .... Jack Frost ! I can't believe it was made in 1979 ! 
YUM ! phish food ice cream !!!!! 
Is it May 15 , 2010 yet ? 
I get to spend more money on school books soon . Woo ! 
6 more days :) .... but it hardly feels like christmas is so near 
I should stop procrastinating lol 
WOO ! finished the exam with 3 hours to spare ! 
If my calculations are correct , I should be getting < PROPFIRST>'s List again ! Sweet ! :) 
My grades were finally posted on WebAdvisor ..... I'm SUPER happy !! :) 
I will be so mad if my body decides to get sick 2 DAYS before Christmas ! 
boo being sick 
I have a Lunabug on my lap , making typing difficult lol 
Let's do the Time Warp again !!!!! lol 
i'm actually enjoying Pineapple Express lol 
I sang to a surfer at the dinner table because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . LOL 
i love < PROPFEMALE>'s Funniest Home Videos LOL . how can people be this retarded ? 
not looking forward to tuesday 
So far I like my Marriage and the Family class .... despite having to be there by 8 a.m. At 5 p.m. I get to see what my Creative Writing class will be like . Hopefully I don't get an annoying teacher . 
* sighs * my only class today is from 6- 9:15 pm . i hope it is at least enjoyable 
I hate when people try to be buddy-buddy with me when they hurt my friends . Thank god for the delete function . 
I've been ready for a nap since 7:30 a.m. lol 
still excited about my Nightmare Before Christmas laptop skin :) 
Why do I love the movie Girls Just Want to have Fun ?? 
Grr .. I hate having class at 5 
I hate it when I really really want to read but have a headache :( 
I'm trying to figure out how to critique Group 1's poems for my Creative Writing class . I've never been good at this lol . Plus I have to write a discussion post for my Business Communications class . I wish I felt like doing any of this . 
why is chicken lo mein so delicious ? 
Go to Urbandictionary.com and enter your first name into the search . Copy and paste the FIRST entry and put it as a comment to your status update . 
Why does the snow falling look so pretty ? :) 
I REALLY hope that they cancel my class for tuesday night . 
This weather offers the perfect < PROPMALE > for some reading :) 
* sighs * I don't feel like doing my assignment for my Business Communications class 
I should probably catch up on my reading for school 
I can't wait for baked ziti :) 
I hate when I'm sleepy and I know that if I go to bed I won't fall asleep . 
I hope I never have to write another Literary Journal Review again lol 
I get to receive my take-home midterm tonight 
I'm such a dork ! I got my take-home midterm at class tonight . I've been home for about an hour and a half and it is already done . It isn't even due until the 24th . 
GRR ! my stupid mouse for my laptop decided it doesn't want to work anymore 
yum ! salt & vinegar potato chips :) 
* sighs * I have a sociology paper due in one week and I am having MUCH difficulty writing it . I HATE having to write about myself . It never works . 
Part I of my Sociology paper is done .... now it's time to figure out Part II . 
WOO ! I finished my Sociology paper last night and got to turn it in a day early :) 
In a way , I'm glad for BCC's SUMMA evals .... maybe tomorrow night I will get to spend more than barely an hour in my class that is supposed to be 3 hours long . 
I already want more sea shell flowers from the Barnegat Lighthouse Gift Shop lol ... I will eventually make a bouqet of them :) After all , they combine two things I love : sea shells and flowers 
I'm feeling a little lazy right now lol 
hmm ... I wonder what movie I want to watch 
I really don't feel like doing this one assignment right now lol 
Well , my assignment is done ..... it took me 4 hours lol . I think it sucks so that probably means I did well on it lol 
?????? o ? ??? o ? ???? ? p ??? p ?, u ?? ? ? sn ??? q ?? uo ????? o ? ? u ????? os s ?? ????? ? s ?? ? 
Is it sad that my Business Communications class is my easiest one but I don't want to do anything for it ? lol 
yumm .... starbucks passion iced tea :) 
i'm soooooooo excited !!!!!! i managed to get a 100 on one of my papers for my Social Problems class :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
so my final for marriage and the family class took me barely 15 minutes to complete this morning lol and tonight was my last creative writing class meeting :( I'm really going to miss my creative writing class 
LOL i love the show \World's Dumbest ... \"" 
yummmm .... i made steak , mashed tatoes and broccoli :) 
My poor Lunabug is going to hate me tomorrow 
I'm super happy :) .... My Marriage and the Family teacher e-mailed me and told me I got a 40 out of 40 on my final :) :) :) :) ... I'm still doing a little dance lol 
grrr .... i hate how the few times my internet decides to go stupid and slow is when i am on facebook . 
Hope everyone has a happy mommy's day :) 
I'm so glad I finished my paper in time . Of course it was difficult to do because my Lunabug kept trying to eat my pen while I was writing and then would try to lay on my paper lol 
yummm ..... fruit loops :) 
\My name is Dug . I just met you and I love you . \ " LOL " 
True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship ..... and pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ........ REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one 
why is spaghetti the best food ever ?? 
yummm ... strawberries :) 
I am not looking forward to my Public Speaking class this Friday :( 
I think Lunabug knows my feet are ticklish because she keeps nuzzling and licking my feet lol 
Thank god for the wind today or else < PROPFEMALE>'s party would've been extra hot lol :) 
I love how I forget that I can fast-forward through commercials when I'm watching something recorded lol 
I should be writing my Introduction of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Gogh speech but I keep procrastinating lol 
My cat is crazy !!!! She keeps trying to eat my hand LOL 
WOO ! got a B on my first speech and an A on my first quiz !!! my teacher told me that i'm definitely getting an A on the speech i did tonight :) and i'm pretty confident about the quiz i took today 
I can't believe I have to kill the fly first so that Lunabug doesn't go leaping around my room lol 
WOO ! just had my Barnes & < PROPMALE > Day with my < PROPFEMALE > Belly :) \ 
P.S. the fudge double chocolate cupcakes from Starbucks are super delicious ! :) 
My cat is trying to annoy me to death ! She just attacked my lamp and knocked it over just because she was chasing a DUST PARTICLE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
grr ... I have a headache and I REALLY need to write my speech . It's on Ramses II and I don't know what I want to say >_< 
I just read \The Giver\ " in a few hours .... how strange lol " 
yum ..... cheese omelette and tadoes ! :) 
according to my niece < PROPFEMALE > , my mom is \the best mom-mom ever in the world\ " and i'm \ " the best aunt ever\ " LOL ... i even have the notes to prove it .... kids can be so cute :) " 
is it strange that they are playing \Enchanted\ " on the Syfy channel ???? " 
I just noticed that I have different friend's birthday on almost every single day in July lol 
WOO ! Got an A in my Public Speaking class ! So my final GPA for BCC is a 3.859 ... I feel pretty awesome right now :) 
Gotta love shark week :) 
I'm kind of glad we are finally getting some rain . Maybe now the trees and grass won't look all dead lol 
I love how I'm listening to other music but I still have Iron Man stuck in my head lol 
It would be nice to know why Lunabug is obsessed with my purse ! lol ... She is always trying to go through it 
LOL my niece keeps asking me how to do things on dfferent video games and I have not idea .... I keep telling her that I don't know because I don't play video games and then she's like \why not ??? \"" 
HAHAHAHA .... I'M SITTING HERE LISTENING TO < PROPFEMALE > ( who's almost 6 years old ) GOING \NA NA NA NA NA ... I WON !!! \ " to the video game " 
I'm so glad I'm supposed to get colder weather on my birthday :) 
I still feel soooo full from my Tour of Italy from < PROPFEMALE > Garden and my home made birthday cake :) 
woo !!!! 1 trick-or-treater !!!! lol 
Boy I cannot wait for all these campaign commericals and crap to be over with ! lol 
grrr ... i hate when i have a headache but i don't feel like getting off the computer lol ... i really should go back to the eye dr and get glasses again 
* POKES * to everybody !!!! :) 
\life is no nintendo game\ " .... only eminem can get away with putting a video game reference into a serious song lol " 
i'm so tired but i can't fall asleep !.... why am i watching < PROPFIRST > rock ? lol 
\I'm Mr. White Christmas . I'm Mr. Snow ! \ " lol I'm such a kid but I love watching these Christmas specials . " 
woo ! 6 more days ! 
I can't believe I just had to open my window . My room needs to stop being the warmest room in the house lol 
I hope I'm not sick on Christmas because I think I feel a cold coming on . 
having fun playing with my nook :) 
Why does Lunabug think every hoodie I own is hers ? 
I know it hasn't happened yet , but HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!!!! :) 
Macintosh Apple candle + candle warmer = awesome smelling room :) 
Peanut butter sandwich ..... yummm :) 
\It's so fluffly I'm gonna die !!!!! \"" 
I just watched the two hour special \ < PROPMALE >\" on the history channel . Dr. < PROPMALE>'s speeches still give me chills when they play them on tv . " 
I think I'm going to be getting an interview for a job soon .... WOO ! :) 
WOO !!! I've got an interview tomorrow afternoon ! :) I can't tell if I'm nervous or excited lol 
So I get a call this afternoon from one of the owners of the company I was interviewed at yesterday . He said he heard from Mr. Fairchild ( my interviewer ) that I seem more suited for the position he was interviewing people for . I now have an interview on friday ! Awesome ! :) 
Here's a task for you . I want my FB friends to comment on\ 
this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this as your\ 
status so I can do the same . 
Can we skip the rain and just have the snow ? That way it will be SLIGHTLY easier to deal with tomorrow instead of slush/snow/ice stuff 
Getting a little nervous about my interview tomorrow . The funny part is that I'm not too nervous about the interview itself . I'm actually nervous about the fact that one of the owners is going to be the one who will be interviewing me . lol 
WOOO !!!!!! So I meant to put this up yesterday but I didn't go on my computer lol . I got the job ! I start on Monday :) 
at least < PROPFIRST > White is on tv lol 
Day 2 was a good day :) 
Fergie is too sparkly for my liking lol 
GOOD GOD ! slash playing with the black eyed peas = NO !!!! 
I'm thinking about getting a skin from skinit.com for nook but I don't know what to get a picture of 
\Flours ........ I brought you flours\ " LOL " 
Why is it that being at work today felt like a wednesday , thursday and friday combined ? lol 
i'm not looking forward to tonight .... it's going to be a difficult night . :( 
Like I told < PROPFEMALE > Owens yesterday , I'll never be able to look at < PROPFEMALE > the Pooh the same way ever again lol 
I really wish this grilled chicken marinara steamer tasted better lol 
I miss my extra hour of sleep lol 
I cannot wait till I get my glasses . 
I really want to watch the Boondock Saints right now lol 
Ok , this is weird . According to Wells Fargo , there was a cash deposit of $100 made to my account on Friday , March 11 , 2011 . The thing is , I didn't make the deposit . I can view the deposit slip online and it's definitely not my handwriting . Also , I don't even recognize the handwriting . 
Why does it have to be in the 70's on a day when I have to work ? It sucks since tomorrow is supposed to be in the 50's with rain . 
I hate how I don't feel good and it's getting worse because I don't have my glasses yet . 
yay ! got my glasses ! :) no i don't have a huge headache 
* pokes * to everyone :) 
i need a nap lol 
Why is Criminal Minds so interesting ? lol 
Woo ! Free Fridays for the nook :) 
I hate the fact that I get such bad sleep . lol I'm so tired . 
One minute the day is going by fast . The next , it's going be slow . This day needs to make up it's mind lol 
boo 4 more hours 
yay ! got my hair cut :) no more hair sitting on the back of my neck 
May 2 = the end of my first 90 days ! :) 
In Honor of the < PROPMALE > Wedding , use your < PROPMALE > name . \ 
Start with Lord or Lady , \ 
Then a grandparent's first name , \ 
Surname = Name of your first pet\ 
Add the word \of\ " - and the street you were you grew up . " 
I thought that singing the song that's stuck in your head out loud was supposed to help get rid of it ..... so why do I have this song still in my head ? LOL 
I got my photo id badge today at work ... so that makes it official lol 
