Exhausted from the past few days of work ! Hockey fans can drink !! 

Packing , then off to Maine for my 10th HS Reunion !! OMG , I'm old !! 
< PROPFEMALE > has returned from her time warp to 1999 . 
The sun finally comes out for the first time in a month , and I'm sick and won't leave the couch ... 
This game is starting to annoy me ... 
2:30 am ... finally home from work ... gotta leave at 8am to go back ... I will sleep well tomorrow ! 
I stayed awake to watch the Red Sox lose like this ??? 
Back from Maine ! :( I've never been happier to have a sunburn - proof that I was on vacation ! 
believes that no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day . This country must decide whether it is a right or a privilege to have access to health care . 
Mmmm ... I love lobster !! 
< PROPMALE > somehow managed to convince me to go to a truck festival during my birthday weekend , but I'm now actually looking forward to the weekend . 
Back from the Vineyard !! Ahhh ... couch ! 
< PROPMALE > was right and I was wrong . < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Back from a great ( but tiring ) weekend in < PROPFEMALE > . Thanks for the birthday wishes ! 
Heading to Maine today !! Those of you in the area , I will probably be found at the Cup tonight . 
So good to see everyone !! ( < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE >...) We need to do that more often ! 
I spend the weekend in Maine , and then drive home to Mass in snow ?? 
Very bummed my DVR didn't catch all of House ! At least I saw the Angels beat NY instead ! 
OK , I guess I'm not cool . What is Glee ?????? 
Had a great time visiting with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today ! 
Cranberries concert tonight - and hopefully some < PROPFEMALE > food . 
Looking to move ... Anyone know someone who needs a transliterator ? I need a job ! 
Reason #3 Maine's not so bad : Liquid Sugar at DD's , and employees who speak English and know how to make a cup of coffee . 
Okay , all of you in Maine : I'm officially welcoming myself back to this state Thursday night at the Cup . Reason #2 why Maine's not so bad ( see former post ) is knowing I have a lot of friends and family here ( #1 is the Cup ) , so please prove that and come drink with me on Thursday ! 
Headed to the Cup ... 
Maine is seriously kicking my ass - and my car's ass ! 
Maine still doesn't like me . Got stuck in the snow and ice Sunday night and couldn't make it out to work the next day . I tried to register my car in Maine today , but I'm missing a piece of paperwork that's still in mass . Maybe then Maine will learn to accept my car . 
So glad it's vacation ! Caught up on a month's worth of sleep yesterday . Now off to the gym with < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I think I undid everything from the gym yesterday in Hallowell last night . 
Vacation's over . :( Back to getting up at 5am , and then Cues on Tap in Boston tomorrow night . 
Out of work early . Cup it is ! 
Making bruschetta ! Yum ! Had a craving ... 
Heading to the Cup with my sister ! 
Shopping and gym with my sister . And maybe walk the Rail Trail - It's so nice outside ! Then Cup ?? 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and NEVER ... question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend . 
I have my baby girl back !!! She's settling in , and even has an admirer ! 
A real bed and my own shower !!! 
Sick of being sick !! Now , Nyquil and bed ... 
Opening Night on Easter Sunday is horrible idea ! Nothing I can do about it now , except find a bar that's open , and some friends to watch it with me . So - who's in ? 
Yay Sox !!!!! Way to start the season !! Seriously dissapointed by the lack of Sox fans in Maine though ! Haven't been this homesick for Mass for a while ... 
Sick of being sick !!! 
Ahh ... Vacation ! So much to do , so little motivation ... 
Working on my resume ... Thought I'd be drinking hours ago ! 
Fenway !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mission : Retrieve Car a success ! With a bonus 3 mile walk on a gorgeous day !! 
After a long conversation about good beers and bloody marys , I'm wondering why I'm not sitting outside somewhere drinking one ... 
Getting up at 5:30 am after a week of vacation was painful ... On the plus side , I'll sleep well tonight ! 
Officially a Wannabe ! 
One Act Plays and Cup 
Gorgeous day for a BBQ ! 
Finally made it back to the gym ! Thanks for the motivation < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Gym ... 
Great weekend so far : Boston ( thanks < PROPFEMALE > ) , spending time with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , seeing old friends , visiting my Grammy , mimosas and music . It's not quite over yet ... 
#250 tonight !! Join me at the Cup !! 
5 1/2 day vacation and it's been great so far ! Got my mug , had lobster , got in the ocean and lake , played wiffle ball , and most importantly : spent time with some amazing friends ! And the weekend's not over yet ... 
Hallowell is a lot further way when running than by driving ! 
Where are the tornados and hail ? I'm a little let down ... 
I would've traded tornados and hail yesterday for some sun today , but I still had a great day . 
They finally accepted my blood ! 
Those of you in Mass : Looks like I'll have some free time between 4 and 7 , or so , on Friday . Anyone care to grab a coffee or beer with me ? 
I will not be sick for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ... I will not be sick for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ... I will not be sick for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ... 
I've finally started to settle into Maine , but the need to go dress , shoe , and jewelry shopping this week has reminded me that I miss Mass . The new Kohls and Target just doesn't cut it . 
Practiced walking in a straight line and succeeded ! Also had two lobsters ! ;) Successful evening . Looking forward to tommorrow ...!! 
Despite an uncooperative Mother Nature , it was a perfect day ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
4-6 hours of sleep every night for the past 4 nights , with very eventful days . I'm sleeping til noon tommorrow . Do not disturb . 
Survived two nights of Old Hallowell Days ! Sleeping well tonight ... 
Not in the sun long enough today , but I did get to drink a beer while lying on a floatie in the lake . Good day off so far . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I love when I go to a bar , and after asking what IPAs they have , learn that they have three microbrewed IPAs on cask . Thank you Sebago . 
Why did I agree to work an Open-Double on a Monday ? :( 
It's an akward situation when you run into someone that looks familiar , but you can't figure out how you know them , and learn later it's actually an exboyfriend . 
A Monday straight through double close . Why do I do this to myself ?? But I have the next two days off !!! 
Massachusetts !!!!! 
GSM/Crash Kings concert , hanging out with Kat , drinks in Boston , visit with my grandmother , visit with < PROPFEMALE > ( and her two young children ) , swimming in the lake ... I'm exhausted , but I have thoroughly enjoyed my two days off ! 
Home and back to work . :( 
An 11 hour shift after less than 4 hours of sleep was not fun . But I am taking tomorrow off as a mental health day ! So many things that need to get done that I have neglected to do the past few weeks ( including sleep ) ... 
Three doubles , and then a mini-vacation in Mass ... 
Being sick sucks ! Yay for DVR and Netflix Instant Watch ! 
I'll be in Framingham hanging out for a while this Sunday . Call or text me if you're in the area and free ... 
Great weekend , but still fighting my cold . Yay bed ... 
I meant to be so much more productive today , but it is just too hot out for me ! 89 degrees in my room makes paying bills and filling out forms near impossible ! 
I like it on the floor as soon as I get home ... 
\There's a game called circle and I don't know how\ 
\And I just can't keep living this way\ 
In Mass/NH for my birthday vacation ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! Great birthday so far - dinner last night with < PROPFEMALE > Sansone , lunch today with < PROPMALE > Malo , afternoon visit with < PROPFEMALE > McAuley and her cute kids , and soon , dinner with my mom . Enjoying my day ! 
Moving to DC ! In two days !! 
Safely in < PROPFEMALE > ! Wasn't a bad drive . The GW bridge is so much nicer on a Sat night than a Fri afternoon ! Sleeping well tonight ... 
I'm a Craigslist Junkie ! 
Found a Dogfish Head bar in my soon-to-be new town . Actually , there's two . Already made a few friends . I think I'll like it here ... :) 
I've finally experienced PF Changs . Full , tired , and ready for a nap ... 
Completely restructuring my resume , and I'm getting very stressed ! 
Took advantage of the gorgeous 70 degree < PROPFEMALE > day and went for a run . About to undo all the good work with some pizza ... 
Are there any roads in No . VA that they're NOT doing construction on ? 
More apartment searching tonight ... Getting time to choose one ! 
Exhausted ! I picked a crazy first day to venture into the city after moving here , but I had an awesome time at the Rally and hanging out with < PROPMALE > Scanlon after . 
So much to do ... but enjoying a lazy day ! 
Forget flip flops , bears , and spiders ... I'm scared of crickets !! 
Finally saw < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show tonight for the first time ( I know , I know , I should've seen it a long time ago , and many times by now ... ) . What a strange movie !! I have a strong urge to see Clue right now though ... 
Raking leaves is a lot more fun when you're a kid and get to jump in them when you're finished and not bag them after . 
I can't vote where I live , and I don't live where I can vote . And the last time I voted , it was in a third state . As much as I would like to do my patriotic duty today , I am going to have to refrain due to my complicated life . But the rest of you vote ! 
Longest day I've had at work in a while , but it was a great day , and so far I'm so thankful that I've had the courage to move down here , and that everything has worked out so well so far ... 
So I CAN use FB on my phone ... It`s not such a \dumb\ " phone after all ... " 
After two full days of training , and Cues on Tap last night , what did I do when I got home ? Went for a run . Because of my busy weekend , I will forgive myself for the fact that I still haven't unpacked my suitcases from my move last week ... 
I love that the captioning on my TV automatically turns on when I hit the mute button . Sometimes the little things amuse me ... 
I have never looked up a bus schedule in my life . After going through multiple websites , and staring at < PROPFEMALE > maps on my computers screen , public transportation options are making my brain and eyes hurt . 
I made it successfully to DC and back tonight on my own via public transportation . Still so much to learn about this area ... 
So beautiful outside today !!! Now , off to Baltimore for < PROPFEMALE > Winter's BDay ! 
I did do a lot this weekend , but I also did a lot of nothing . And I'm glad , because that hasn't happened in weeks , and won't happen again for weeks . I'm a busy girl and everyone needs a little down time ... Oh , but I won a t-shirt and water bottle tonight ! :) 
It turned into a beautiful afternoon . Went for a run after work and discovered the coolest running trail alongside a < PROPFEMALE > ( thank you < PROPFEMALE > , random stranger I ran into last time I went for a run , for telling me about it ) . 
OK , I leave VA at noon tomorrow , and hope to make it to < PROPFEMALE > by 1am . I think I know the route I'm going to take . Any brilliant pieces of advice ? It's one of the worst traffic days of the year , and I'm driving a cargo < PROPFIRST > rental . There's no fun way to do this ... :( 
I made it ! I love where I moved , but it's nice to be home and see friends and family . I hate New Jersey !!! And I have a new found love for Delaware . 
Snow ??? 
I have a lot of crap ! Everything in my storage unit is organized , and the things I want to take with me are in my < PROPFIRST > . Yay ! Still SO much to clean and pack at my dad's house tomorrow ... :( 
A quick visit to the OG to see some friends , and then off to the Cup !! Hope to see many of you there ... 
My baby girl is finally home with me !!! 
Yay ! The cargo < PROPFIRST > is unloaded and returned ! Moving is so much easier when you have help . Thank you < PROPFIRST > for helping me at the storage unit Friday . Thank you < PROPFIRST > for helping me unload the < PROPFIRST > tonight . And thank you < PROPFEMALE > for offering to help tonight . Now I just need to put it all away ... First , sleep !! 
I should be in bed ... After a crazy debate/discussion , I have been googling the definition of a commonwealth , the difference between a city and a town , and the political importance of a county vs . a town . ( Yes , I do have a life ) Apparantly < PROPFEMALE > is just weird in some of its political divisions . Anyone care to shed any light on this matter ? I'm going to bed finally ! 
Ok , some of you have heard the classic math riddle where you choose door #1 , door 3 is revealed to be empty , and you have the < PROPMALE > to switch to door #2 . why does door #2 have a greater < PROPMALE > ?? i don`t get it !! no one`s explanation has helped to sway my opinion on this matter , but i`d love to see you try ! 
I love that < PROPFIRST > has much better airport bars than dulles . i am annnoyed however that i`ve had to spend so much time in one . ( thank you beer works for contributing to society ;) ) i just want to go home though ! 
I had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! Soon , off to Hallowell ... 
It's so pretty outside - like snowglobe snow ! 
Headed to SC ! 
Yay i have GPS again ! Thank you to the nice man at the car parts store for helping a girl who clearly has no mechanical skills . 
a fast food stand on the highway with topless service and an adult toy store ... well isn`t that convenient . now one needn`t be bothered with an extra stop . 
I`ve heard of South of the Border and have now witnessed it . Fireworks and tequila-interesting combo ... 
Made it to Charleston ! Shopping at the Piggly Wiggly ... 
It`s so beautiful out today ! 55 degrees ! Got my < PROPMALE > jersey on . Go Pats !! 
Hooray for an extra day off today ! 
Is the owl a fowl ? 
A long but great day ! Cueing murder mystery today , and some wine and Game Night tonight . I will sleep well tonight ... 
Mmmm ... Japanese Habachi tonight ! 
Yay another snow day ! 
Being from Maine , the weather did not seem so bad today looking outside my window . After reading some FB reports , I am now glad that I did not have to work today . I can drive in snow , but I'm used to other people who can and roads that are plowed/sanded/salted . I wonder what my commute will be like tomorrow ?? 
Just got a text that one school is cancelled tomorrow from the weather . But , I am supposed to work at another school tomorrow , which is actually further away . Grr ... Can they cancel too please ?? If I have to work , I'd rather not know about the snow day I COULD have had ... 
Red Sox/Orioles tickets went on private sale today . They are playing in April , July , and September . I have no idea what I'm doing in July or September so it's kind of a scary thing to purchase these tickets . Anyone want to go to a game with me ?? 
Day #2 off today . Maybe I'll actually be a bit more productive for this one ... 
Now I have tomorrow off too ! I'm not quite sure what to do with all this free time ... 
Dinner and martinis . Now off to play darts ! 
I have no problem meeting and flirting with new guys . Why do proper dinner dates scare the crap out of me ? Psych majors out there , or anyone who's watched an Oprah show before , feel free to psychoanalyze me ... 
Home cooked Indian dinner , wine , and good conversation ... a good night ! Now bed ... 
Had a great night ! Still confus < PROPMALE > on the cosmic events that brought people together tonight ... My conversation of New England weather l < PROPMALE > to learning that two strangers at the bar were both from the bustling city of Wilbraham , < PROPFEMALE > , which l < PROPMALE > to more conversations of New England prep schools , special < PROPMALE > , Cu < PROPMALE > Speech , and the culture of Punjab Sikh , which in turn made three female strangers into friends . 
I think I just witnessed the worlds smallest snowflakes ... 
I think my cat has OCD - or she's just neurotic . While I was at work , she found a plastic bag I had balled up and covered her water dish with it . After I gave her the juice from a tuna can , she moved the plastic bag from the water dish and completely covered her tuna bowl with it . She removed it an hour later to take a few more sips , and then recovered it . 
Working 8-5 in MD , and then girls night at the comedy club ! 
It's almost 70 degrees !! Why am I inside responding to emails , when I should be lying in the sun reading a book before I have to go back to work ? That's what I'm off to do now ... 
What a busy weekend ! Great visit with < PROPFEMALE > Friday night , discovered Belvedere Market ( wish there was something similar near me ! ) , worked a bit Saturday afternoon , and attended an ASL comedy show Sat night with some cool chicks . Wish I had another day off tomorrow to finish - OK , OK , start ... ;) - my chores/errands and sleep a bit more . 
I had a fun day at the casino ! And I won !!! Off to bed ... 
I have a brand new futon ( assembled in my living room , no longer in a box on my front lawn ) , and my DVD player is finally hooked up . Hooray !! 
I am now officially a resident of < PROPFEMALE > ! ( took me long enough ... ) 
Spring is right around the corner !! How do I know that ? Is it because I saw daffodils on my commute to work last week ? Because of daylight savings time ? Because it's going to be 75 degrees this weekend ? No , it's because I spent the night drinking Aprihop watching the Sox/Yankees spring training game . :) 
My car charger fuse blew again ! :( But I figured out how to fix it myself ! < PROPFIRST > Laptewicz and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , aren't you proud of me ?? :) 
It`s 75 degrees here in Tampa . Of course , it was also 75 degrees back in DC , but I spent the day at work or in an airport . :( 
I'm back in < PROPFEMALE > ! My phone however is still in Florida . :( I'm having withdrawel pains . If anyone needs to get in touch with me in the next few days , use FB or email . 
The game is now officially starting ... and I am now officially boarding my plane . :( This was not well planned ... 
What is this white stuff on the ground here ? 
Having a few drinks in Framingham before my flight home if anyone`s around ... 
Flight`s delayed .... :( found the boston beer works at the terminal though ... 
I should do more banking in person from now on . The branch manager is quite cute ! ;) 
