chillin with the kids and keepin my head up in this new year , damn this one better start get better !! 

Sometimes it just feels good .... 
still gettin used to this facebook thing i was always on myspace . it's amazing what some people can write on here and get away with it . guess as long as those worthless people stay off my stuff this will be an alright place to connect with old friends and it's amazing how fast that happens !! 
amazing how when you've about givin up the phone rings ..... 
OMG the snow !! Damn actually like when i was a kid , whats that they said bout global warming ? 
told him he was addicted to sweets , said that's why he's addicted to me . Damn I feel like a school girl ! 
fun night last night got to go to little rodneys going away party , he's heading to the army . today not so good two of my three kids puking , damn . 
1 . A word that describes me is ________ . 2 . If you really know me then you know that I love ________ . 3 . But I cant stand ________ . Copy and Paste this in your status to see what people have to say . 
play along : if you seen me in the back of a police cruiser what would you think i had been arrested for ? 
in the bath , in the bed 
play along : you see me in the back of a police cruiser , what do you think i was arrested for ? 
in the bath 
ready for friday !!!!!!!!! 
omg i know the feeling , come august 19th < PROPMALE > will be 7 and 4 days later on the 23rd < PROPFEMALE > will be 5 then september 15th a.j. will be 8 and i feel like i just had them !! every birthday all i can see when i look at them is the first time i held them ! 
ready for the weekend !! < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > and spend some time with my < PROPMALE > !!! 
DAMN , MONDAY !?!?!? 
everyone watches the sunset , anyone ever turn around to watch the < PROPFEMALE > rise ? 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > went to rodeo last night ... my first time ... definately goin again ... hope they got more than 8 seconds in em .... lol 
A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if your home is tidy or not , if your car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect ... A true friend just loves you for you ! ( Repost this if you have at least one true friend . ) I love you all ogf my friends 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE ... copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 . Talkative . 4 : sarcastic . 5 : loveable . 6 : cool . 7 : moody . 8 : dumb . 9 : spoiled . 10 : mouthy . 11 : random . 12 : hot . 13 : funny . 14 : fit . 15 : amazing . 16 : beatuiful . 17 : cute . 
wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms ,... I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in Heaven . 
is having very naughty thoughts about one of her facebook friends .. bet ya can't guess who !! 
Wanted ... Single man ... Description ... Talk , Dark , handsome and has to come with a < PROPMALE > not be one x 
hey parking lot party at am vets in < PROPMALE > tomorrow .... food , band ( < PROPMALE > p and the family tree ) , games , and celebrating turning the big 3-0 ... open to public ... so come on out and help me get trashed !!! starts at 6 
Holy Crap Guys .... Brought 30 in the Right Way for Sure ..... 
is not feeling herself to today .... anyone else wanna try ????.. 
is rocking a level of awesomeness rarely before seen in humans . 
friends and condoms have something in common . . . they both protect you when things get hard . 
wonders what blind people think about when they masturbate ??? 
POKEme if u ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if u think im a good friend . INBOX me if u ever wanted a relationship with me . Comment on this if we have had good memories .... Now lets see who's brave enough to copy and paste this on their status 
Sometimes things in life r hard 2 swallow .... like eatin a shit sandwich .... and people will expect u 2 smile like it's tasty .... and keep feedin it 2 u .... damn it I'm full !!!! 
Happy Fathers Day to the real Daddys out there .... Whether u made em or just raised em like my Daddy ..... Cause we all know makin em don't make u a Daddy .... 
has just found out that dwarfs cannot use tampons because they trip over the string : L 
Gonna ride in a poke run 2morrow .... then < PROPMALE > P and The Family Tree at am vets after ..... woohooo .... what a day planned .... can't wait .... so excited !!!! 
has recently learned u can fire a bottle rocket from ur but cheeks so long as u don't clench them ... that can cause burns ..... 
PLACEOF\ 
BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to knowwhere\ 
your FB friends were born . Copy & paste this on your profile , then\ 
put your place of birth at the end of this sentence .... defiance ohio 
Had my wisdom teeth extracted today and the skin that goes from under the tongue to the bottom of my mouth removed so if next time u c me I am senseless and my tongues hanging like a dogs u know what happened .... seriously folks even with the good drugs ... my tongue is killing me !!! 
this onto your wall and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy ( 2 ) Wish we\ 
went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) loveable ( 6 ) sexy ( 7 ) strong \ 
( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11 ) wild ( 12 ) goofy ( 13 ) funny ( 14 ) \ 
awesome ( 15 ) amazing ( 16 ) beautiful ( 17 ) cute(18 ) best friend ( 19 ) silly\ 
... ( 20 ) I want to get to know you better :) :P Come on show me what you think of me !!!!!! If you dare .. lol ????? 
My mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me \ 
succeed , seen me fall , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and DROVE ME\ 
CRAZY at times ... Moms are a promise from God that you will have a \ 
friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your mom , whether \ 
she is here with you , or in Heaven . 
on the washer ! 
Everyone coming against me in one fn week !!!! WTF ? Try to be good 2 people and they shit in ur fn face ..... best off bein the hermit I think .... so if you dont c me out for a while .... guess u know I've lost my cool .... thats best off not seen to the public !!!! 
kinda stuck between whiskey and redbull ! 
Caught somewhere between a memory and a dream ........ 
sick of u and ur bull ... kinda makes me wanna hurl ... hermit life her i come .... stupid shit yeah im done .... 
face fears and overcome demons ...... yup what an agenda for a day ... damn horoscope ... 
11:11 you are one of my fav people in the world cuz yup we do think alike and damn thats awesome and scary at the same time ... u know how to make me smile and pick me up when u didnt know I was down .. if not for you and your family I dont know where I'd b today .... Yes Ive always got ur back and I love you dearly ..... 
K so I was checkin out peoples shit and the whole leave a number in my messages and I'll tell ya what I think of ya actually was gettin fun .... so leave a number between 1 and 1000 in mine and I will tell ya on my wall what I think of ya ! Are ya brave enough ? 
500 : Damn I've known u had an interest in me but sorry I'm kinda wrapped up in something ... well , someone at the moment . 
8 : < PROPFEMALE > shit the things I could put on here ! Damn what boring years Id have had without you ! Had my back but was always willing to put me in my place when I needed it to and for that I thank you more than you'll ever know ! I dont care how long we go without talkin or seein each other we can pick up where we left off like we just seen each other the day b4 . I love you girl ... thanks for being u ! 
! 24 : funny Im thinkin of sneakin smokes and some special gum in the cafeteria lunch line !! Do you remember that ... taste like chicken ? Funny 2 think of FV u always said if u got outta there ud be somethin ... congrats u did it ! You was always a great laugh and a lotta fun .... miss ya 
69 : ha ha ha remember the prank I tried to pull with the sex survey and u knew my voice ? 2 fn funny ! Now u take me back to jr high ! Always liked bullshittin with u ! we were both good at it ! And 1 of the few trustworthy people in that hole ! 
88 : Funny I think more of Martys than FV . My big quiet < PROPMALE > who danced with me and never left his bar stool , u r fuckin great ! 
7878 u r the shit ! NO ONE makes a drink like you , hangs like you and still kicks like you . U R one of my fave people .... miss ya ! 
If u take a crotch shot and send it is it considered junk mail ? 
77 : Sonic Sonic Sonic and bout the sweetest person in that hole ! Miss hollerin at ya ! 
Something's gotten into you today , Gemini . An iconoclastic imp inside you is determined to tear down every convention , especially in the < PROPMALE > world . Why are you so furious with orthodoxy ? Did you dream that an imitator stole one of your ideas and made a fortune with it ? If you were an < PROPMALE > critic , we would expect you to sing the praises of the vanguard . hahahahaha 
10 years 2mrw nite ! Damn Im ready ! 
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine . - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > - 
ever wonder why ur worst decisions make ur best stories ? 
what was once a happy set of encounters leaves a thorn in my side and a biter taste in my mouth ...... 
u ever needed something real ? something there ? something to feel and all you grab is air ? have u ever felt rejection ? have u ever felt real pain ? can u change ur souls direction ? can u really know ur sane ? 
I'm not afraid 2 live I'm not afraid 2 die and I can only give what I see inside and u can only take what I give of me and u can only win when I'm not afraid 2 lose .... \ 
--- days of the new-whimsical --- 
Its a great thing when u can spill ur guts 2 some1 and still wake up smilin cuz u know they dont look at u any differently than before they heard your reall story 
Damn what a weekend ... A decent Friday ... an excellent saturday .... and a rocked out Sunday watchin Taproot and some other damn good bands in Toledo at Headliners ... Who could ask for more ? 
a bird with clipped wings can sing but can no longer fly .... 
the thing that gets to me is you'll never really see and the thing that freaks me out is I'll always be in doubt so take my hands and come with me and we'll change reallity ......... Cranberries , Animal Instinct 
Someone told me today that they appreciate me .... funny ... I didn't realize how bad I needed to hear it ... 
my thought r so fleeting my mind should be arrested for speeding .... the scarriest parts the fall through the funnel ... theres got to be light at the end of the tunnel 
im sure i found myself again and it feels great .... i cant believe i had ever lost control of my fate 
Amazing how many haters there are and how many people have lashed out at me on christmas < PROPFEMALE > ... guess if all u got is hate its all u got 2 give in the season of giving eh ? no matter ... they dont get me down .... just give me something to laugh at ! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS BITCHES !!!!!! 
Funny u just want to make it through the holidays and really Y ? I was happy to see them come and then it hit me that it seems its a lot of struggle for something people just dont appreciate anymore because theyve forgot what the holidays are about ! At least I have 1 person in my life who was their to just be there and cared enough to look at me and say < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS and MEAN IT !!! Thanks I know u Know who U r !!!!! 
Everytime I c a mattress on a car roof I think a hooker must be making a house call 
WOOOHOOO ! Just got started on my new laptop ! My mom is AWESOME ! I think I gotta be the most spoiled 30 year old I know ! Thanks mom ! 
Ever just want 2 disapear ? Think Im about 2 . Come on Friday . After that I'll catch u all on the flip side :\\ 
Poof be gone 2010 , Im ready to make a new start again ! 
What a New Years ! So glad I seen U < PROPFIRST > ! And as usual always get to run n2 some haters ! HaHa LUV IT ! Nothin lasts 4ever tho and 2day was shit ..... least I got those who can make me smile even on days like 2day ! 4 the rest of ya ... Bring it on ! 
some people watch things happen , some people make things happen , me , I can't figure out what the hell happened ..... 
Tired of nobodies thinkin they have any say n my life + tryin 2 affect me + my somebodies .... keep tryin u accomplish nothin but givin me somethin 2 laugh about :) 
story of my life ... i didnt plan it ... it just happened 
anyplace is better , starting from zero , got nothin 2 lose , maybe we'll make something , but me myself I got nothin to prove ..... we gotta make a decision leave tonight or live and die this way ..... I had a feeling I belonged , a feeling I could be someone ...... 
now watch me rise up and leave all the ashes u made out of me when you said that we were wrong , life goes on just look how wrong I could be 
I couldnt tell fact from fiction or if the dream was true , my only sure prediction in this world was you , I'd touch your features inchlyl Beard love and dared the cost , The sented spiel reeled me unreal and I found my senses lost 
all my life I've been searchin for somethin , somethin never comes , never leads to nothing . nothing satifiesbut Im getting close , closer to the prize at the end of the rope . All night long I dream of the day , when it comes around , then its taken away . Leaves me with the feeling I feel the most . The feeling comes to life when I see your ghost . 
someday im finally gonna let go , ' cause I know there's a better way . and I wanna know whats over that rainbow , I wanna get outta here someday ,,,, 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone 
so I got to listen to my bro spend the night and morning puking ..... I swear if he shares I'll kill him ! 
Im done trying , Im done fighting , whatever will be will be , gotta accept that or Im never gonna be free .... 
everything thats coming n2 ur life u r attracting n2 ur life . and its attracted 2 u by virtue of the images ur holding n ur mind . whatever is going on n ur mind u r attracting 2 u .... Every thought of urs iis a real thing-a force 
Ok so I was heading to < PROPMALE > with my daughter and felt something a little odd in the car , barely pull in the drive and the whole car kinda lurches and stops , I take a look and my front drivers tire is completely sideways . I think if we'd have been going down the road we would have wrecked and been seriously injured or worse . Thank God for keeping a hand on us . Now I just gotta figure out what to do about my car ! 
whomever called THE < PROPMALE > about yesterdays post , he will not allow me to have his number and therefore does not get the priviledge off a phone call for anything whether the kids are involved or not . I take care of me and mine just fine with the help of my family ( thank God ) . I've had enough harrassment for a lifetime . don't give him a door people . don't I deserve some peace after all this time ? 
and the only hand that reaches is the one alone . you've been cheating my friend , tell me whos heart is bleeding again ? cause once n a while you'd b better off listening to the fool for a change ..... 
Darkness is a harsh term dont u think and yet it dominates all I see . Its not the calm or long that'll change this heart but the welcome I recieve with the restart 
got my avett brothers tickets ! YEAH ! cant wait ! 
If you love me ; comment my status . \ 
If you think im a good friend ; like this . \ 
If you have ever had a crush on me ; poke me . \ 
If you hate me ; message me and tell me why . \ 
Copy this to your status ; if your not scared 
I jumped on < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > in your bathroom because thats how I roll . 
Today might be one of the most fortunate days of your life , Gemini . Everything you've been striving for - romance , money , creative fulfillment - could fall into place at various times today . Expect exciting calls bringing good news . A lover could offer congratulations . The only downside is that all the stimulation could leave you exhausted . Never mind . You will sleep well ! 
Avett Brothers , Here I come ! 
Avett Brothers was FKN AMAZING ! Only dissappointment . Did not play weight of lies 
Seeing the Avett Brothers last night was absolutely amazing ! < PROPFIRST > Mayfield Parade put on quite a show 2 ! One of My Fave Bands with one of My Fave Friends .... what an adventure ! That's the way 2 do it ! Can't wait 4 my next adventure ..... 
......... I AM A HANDFUL ......... I am Strong Willed , I Am Independent , I Am Outspoken , I Tell It Like It Is . I Make Mistakes , I Am Sometimes Out Of Control , I Am At Times Hard To Handle , I Give And Love With All My Heart ... If You Can't Accept Me At My Worst Then You Most Definitely Do Not Deserve Me At My Best ... Ladies If You Are A Handful And Not Afraid To Admit It I Will See This As Your Status ? 
crazy is not talking to yourself or even answering yourself ... it's asking yourself to repeat yourself because you weren't paying attention 
Yeah gotta work ! Gonna be a fun drive ! Wish me luck ! Gonna have a good time after ! Can't wait ! Works worth it when you the right person is coming in 2 c u ! 
One of those days were u wake up and realize I shoulda been listening to my friends ( OG ) . Yup u were right . Dont worry . Im not wrapped anymore ..... cuz u know I was . My eyes were opened and Im not sad . Actually a great experience . And if I cant keep what I got now .... well hell new always comes along ..... 
WTF ? how you send a 5 year old GIRL to there dads , get them back , and he's decided to take scissors to her bangs ? Isn't the girls hair on the MOTHER ? So pissed right now , all that growing time and pain in the ass between stage all over again ! Guess she's gonna get that short do I talked her out of . 
damn , stress about more than I can handle , somethings gotta give , gota find a place for me and kids 2 move and finding something I can afford seems impossible ! UGH ! 
somedays you're the windshield , somedays you're the bug ............. 
Yoga ! 
oooohhh its warmed up the moons big as hell Im in a mood and me and my girls headin out ..... watch out people , watch out .... 
STOP ALL 
funny sometimes how things turn around when u least expect it ...... 
