Mad that I could've been driving my car . O well . Now to get some work done to it . 

its funny how ppl use the 4 letter L word , any yet it really doesn't have much meaning anymore ....... 
is like hmmm ......... maybe the single life is really meant for him . Maybe he is suppose i be alone in life . Maybe he should just focus on doing him and not worry bout anyone else .......... 
Why have a heart when ppl just take advantage of it ? 
is trying to force himself to believe that everything is going ok , but knows that in reality everything isn't . if pretending was just so much easier to make believable to everybody else , he would be ok . if ppl actually listened and understood what I am going threw instead of pretending like they cared , maybe my life wouldn't be so bad . just really shows me who is there for me and who actually cares about me ...... 
is like turning my back on everything and everybody is just so easy and simple for me to do , but its not going to solve anything , just make things worst . Like my grandma use to me , where there's a will , theres a way . Just have to < PROPFEMALE > in there and keep believing ..... 
bout to take my ass to bed . Only way to escape reality at the moment that I can think of right now . Hmmm .... guess I will fall back in place with reality and the people that make it so difficult later ...... 
hmmm .... does it matter wats on my mind ? Does it matter if I open up and tell you how I truly feel about you ? Would you care if I turned my back and walked out on you now ? Is wat I say to you important to you at all ? Hm .... didn't think so , all just lies that I made myself believe ...... 
bored , listening to my favorite song .... kinda odd that the song is having me ask myself a question on how I feel ...... 
is like .... everyone says that I can do better than the person I am with or that I deserve better than the person I have .... which is true , I aint gonna lie , because I can do better , and I do deserve better , but .... why do better if I am content with what I have ? 
is having a so many emotions and feelings run thru him today that its not even funny .... * sigh * .... wish i could find a balance between everyone and everything but that wont happen ...... 
bored .... actually found a use for my phone besides for the time lol ...... 
is like .... hmmm .... some ppl are just a trip ...... 
bout to pull some tricks out my sleeves for some ppl for the new year ...... 
New phone comes tomorrow . So glad .... tired of this old sorry ass phone lol ...... 
blah blah blah 
having a ball here by myself 
bored someone talk lol 
Lets see how well ya'll really no me ..... come on , take my quiz ..... 
21:10:22 
cant wait til next week } S . N{ -- } 21:6:22 { 
is really worried about himself , something is wrong ...... 
ugh .... I think I am really losing my mind ..... 
so homesick .... well just miss the fam really .... so depressed ...... 
is so sick and tired of being sick and tired ...... 
ugh .... allergies ...... 
I am .... getting so hot .... ima take my clothes all off ...... 
.... roflmao ...... 
9 days , and I will be all on my own .... HELLZ YEAH !!!!!! 
bout to get beasted by this pollen ...... 
had a good time out today even tho it was hot 
does it really matter wats on my mind ? 
and u no if I had to choose between the two .... I choose me ...... 
lord please give me the strength to not do anything that I no I will regret ...... 
save me ! 
si 
suppose to be happy cuz I am movin in 4 days but so damn stressed an depressed 
do u think of me , like I think of u ? 
tryin to figure out y the fuck management is so fucken ass backwards ...... 
uunnnnnn .... less than 3 days to go til I move .... HELLZ YEAH !!!! 
its sad when u can fit ur life all into 1 overnight bag lmao ...... 
one day til move-in day 
bout to go take care of some business , then going to sign my lease and get these keys ...... 
ahhh snap .... they gave me my keys .... hellz yeah ...... 
pretty much been on the bus all day .... it would be some shit if they told me I couldn't use my all day bus pass anymore lmao ...... 
their aint nothing u cant do .... I just wanna be with u .... an I hope u feel it 2 .... u my .... u my .... u my ...... 
party at my place tonight .... sadly ur not invited ...... 
peace an quiet peace fb 
is sad because signal here sucks ass , but glad to be able to make wi-fi calls .... go blackberry go ...... 
how is it that u can be having a wonderful day , be out with someone u really like and really enjoy being around and one phone call fucks it all up ? 
I thank god for the friends that I have in my life . without them , I wud have nothing . 
Why is it that ppl want you to apologize for your mistakes , but can't apologize for their own ? 
ppl are so predictable ...... 
ahhh .... peace and quiet .... just how I like it ! 
when will ppl learn that playing in the lion's den will get u hurt ? 
let's see .... hmmm .... let's have a drink ! 
fuck wit it .... cnt promise u won't get ur feelings hurt right nwow 
damn alcohol drained all my energy .... at least it felt good while it lasted 
up listening to Aaliyah ...... 
wishes Aaliyah would pull a Tupac and come out with some more songs lol ...... 
is me being so miserable and depressed all the time so important to you ? Does that really make you feel good on the inside knowing that you are putting me thru pure hell ? Just remember .... the shoe will always fit on the others foot , hope you are ready to wear it ! 
dnt no y but I feel like some shit bout to go down 
out in da rain waiting on the bus ...... 
hmmm .... I dream of sleep ! 
finally freedom .... if u need me txt it or bbm .... cnt reach me then its not meant for u 2 ...... 
feels so good to see the small things u do for a person , put a smile on their face :) 
wat the hell is so special about twitter ? 
hell I need a drink lol 
damn its friday and it dnt even seem like it or is it just me ? 
can u live with it , loving me for life , to have and hold ever ? 
slowly dying from boredom 
overworked and under paid .... they need to raise mininum wage asap ! 
dnt force me up steps that I am not ready to take yet . if I was meant to climb them , it will happen when it is suppose to , not when u want it 2 ! 
not even in the mood at all ! 
wishes some ppl wud learn to shut the fuck up .... aint nobody wanna hear dat shit ...... 
let's put ur logics to the test .... if I dnt ask , do I really care ? 
mad dat dis bitch had an attitude cuz it was busy .... she betta be glad I didn't go into my bag lmao ...... 
ima have me a drank ...... 
hell I am out of it .... 
ugh I feel so shit faced right now 
bout to go play in wendover traffic 
and the point of it alll .... and the reason for it all .... and the point of it all is that I love u .... randomly on my mind y idk lol 
now entering hell : population to many 
damn my whole crew left me all by myself tonight . damn its so boring here at hell-mart ...... 
bout to start amping out on ppl left an right 
happy mothers day to all and to all a good day 
lemonade straight , let's see if I can down this watermelon 
I am leaning like the tower somewhere ...... 
can someone fucking explain to me how fuck a bus driver goes right by a fucking bus stop wit someone fucking standing there ? 
right now I am bout to be real X-rated , so come on baby into my sanctuary , and r u ready for wat we bout 2 do , come on let me < PROPFIRST > my territory , u coming to my after party , I got all in my sex room ! 
a lot on my mind right now and a lot of stuff that aint sitting right with me right now . I no that people go thru changes , cuz I have been as well , just tryin to adapt myself to a lot of new and different situations . I can read your mind , I see it all , you aint gotta say a word . just no ima be there when you need me most ....... 
lmfao how about this homeless bitch said she make more money than me ...... 
after the incident that just transpired about an hour ago , its time for me to go ahead and go loko ! 
y is it dat everybody wanna fuck wit me on my day off ? 10 minutes , I aint gonna be sober so if u get ya feeling hurts dats on u ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > leelee go find a pole and tie me 2 it so I can stop leaning lmfao 
thru all my ups and downs to the people that come and go , I look around and say to their dismay , I am still standing and no matter what I am going to continue to believe in me . 
wishes this old man wud stfu ! aint nobody wanna talk to yo ass ! 
to all my fb friends and stalkers or wateva u classify urself as lol .... follow me on twitter @ala06 and I will follow u back ! 
I am just so confused ...... 
from shaking ppl off to the standing ovation given to the ex , I think I see why things are the way they are . SN : emotions are on edge . think twice . on how u approach me ! 
woot no power at wal-mart 
ugh they got power back on but my < PROPFIRST > are stuck in the system .... hellz yea 
I want ...... 
not been to long woke up and the alcohol is talkin 
singing in da rain at the bus stop lol 
on the highway to hell .... now taking reservations ! you are free after 8 hours lmao 
dnt u love it when ppl try to play ur face , but end up playing their own face lmao ....... 
cuddle time wid da sheets .... txt it , might get back atcha ya later ...... 
I can make ya bedrock lmao ...... 
funniest shit I've heard all night : \who turned the air on out here ? \"" 
sometimes u can want something so bad and still know there not right for u ? 
attitude : really fuckin rude . best advice-fuck off 
come on now , I mean seriously , wat da fuck was you thinking ? I forgot , you wasn't! No seriously .... you really wasn't! 
ugh ...... 
so sleepy 
too early in da fuckin morning to be coming with some bullshit ...... 
yay I used a new register at wal-mart 
girl u betta hold yo weave while I am weavin thru traffic ! 
this lazy nosey as fuck .... damn mind yo own damn business shit 
damn .... y is it everybody I call I always get the vm ? 
missing da boo like so bad ...... 
suppose to be sleep but had to check out this fight outside 
I <3 my baby :) 
stayed with my bae til he fell asleep . wish I cud have crawl back in da bed with him but gotta go get this night ova with 
Home bored missin the boo ...... 
feels like raising hell ! 
bitch yahhh bitch , bitch yahhh bitch , yahhh yahhh ayahhh yahhh yahhhh ...... 
I miss playing the op Nightwing * sigh * 
one more night and then off .... so ready for it ...... 
having a ball in da mountains !!! :D 
leaving da mountains , but had a blast ! Already planning a second trip back . 
nerves so very fucked up ...... 
* sigh * .... time to disappear ...... 
INBOX ONLY ! Tell me something that you always wanted to tell me or wanted me to know . I'll keep it between us . Use this as your post and see what you get . 
how da hell u gonna tell me I gotta pay for a damn paper when I asked u can I have one ? 
bout to go get these books for school .... damn didn't realize the first day was just around the corner ...... 
lol just watched dis parking enforcement officer write dis nigga a ticket for parking in a handicap spot ...... sadly she just wasting her breath lmao ...... 
how about dis dude said he wanna be a doctor and his girl said how u gonna be a doctor if they only way u can stay focused is if u r high .... of course he got hush mouth ...... 
cnt sleep at all :( 
the pain .... so horrible .... kill me now ...... 
yummm .... triple stacker and chicken fries .... the damn bus needs to hurry up so I can get home and demolish it ...... 
* being impatient * come on 10:50 
free day .... well besides sleep and hw ...... 
hmmmm ...... 
I love it when I see ppl that I no and they act like they dnt see u or they cnt speak .... fake ass muthafuckas .... no wonder u and my ex are best friends ! 
an asshole to many .... but an angel to one .... luv u bae 
so sleepy .... last class of da day .... I hear da bed calling me 
is trying to figure out y dis girl like me ...... 
stupid math test 
is like ..... y r they so obsessed with me ? 
you dnt care so y the hell should I ? 
omg they have a gay club at gtcc .... wtf ...... 
oh noes .... low battery .... S/N : damn ppl u r in college , wear some damn deodorant 
how do u hit a parked car ? 
Hush .... the bed is calling my name . Here I come ! 
mood-dnt really feel like being bothered with nobody , like that is really gonna happen tho 
my head hurts , my ear is aching , my wisdom teeth are coming in , and my throat hurts .... will u please leave me the fuck alone , before I cuss u the fuck ? 
how da hell u gonna give everybody an all or nothing quiz on something , knowing that not everyone was here the day before 
keep ur friends close and ur enemies closer 
do not disturb ! 
omg , I hate computer illiterate ppl .... especially when they breath always have a foul odor to it and asking for damn help 
can someone please explain wat da hell dis teacher talkin bout , cuz wat she saying dnt make no damn sense at all 
I have < PROPFEMALE > been as confused as much as I am now 
lmfao I just had my laugh for the morning , and wat a good one 
one month down , 3 more 2 go 
u can't plan out ur life to be exactly how you want it , things happen for a reason and u choose to let them happen by choice-whether u want it to or not 
calm , cool , and collective . notice : I reserve the right to flip out at any given time for any reason on anybody that gets on my bad side .... if u dnt like it , then dnt fuck wit me ! 
ha ha .... omg .... lol .... kit .... :) .... xoxo .... lm .. fao ! 
so far for the semester I have 3 As and a B , let's see how long that will last 
ima be too upset if it rains today 
debating on if I want to sell this blackberry .... if u interested --> inbox me 
so ready for the bed .... but instead I gotta head to class 
attitude real pissy -- these teachers got one more time to say something out the way to me and imma show out 
done with classes home I head 
damn keyboarding class done went from 30 to 12 
feeling really down right now ...... 
ugh .... wat a load of bullshit this is ...... 
.... delete .... delete .... delete .... that button is my best friend lol 
lol this man gettin upset cuz the bus driver won't let him off and now he gotta walk back across the highway 
I don't wanna ...... 
big dudes and skinny jeans is a big negative 
its so hilarious to see wat ppl put on and come 2 class in 
had a ball this a.m. watching ppl jump the river @ gtcc . luckily we were able to save the one old man who fell into it and almost got swept away by da rushing waters 
ppl are so pathetic 
feeling good right now .... just won $125 
hmmm .... let's go play some < PROPFIRST > and push my luck some more 
was about to play my favorite game in class cuz dis bitch done lost her damn mind 
dnt think I am gonna make it ...... 
So out of it ....... 
there's a blessing coming thru .... for me ...... 
think it is about to make some big changes and its gonna be for the greater good ! 
omg sams club is about to become my favorite place to grocery shop 
these damn rugrats getting on my damn nerves ...... 
I dnt know why customers come in here and think that they can talk to you any kind of way and expect you not to say anything at all ...... 
finish cleaning fa da day , time to do wat I do best 
smh its such a shame ..... u can't depend on nobody to do a damn thang but urself ...... 
I can't sleep without you , think without you , \ 
Eat without you , speak without you , be without you , \ 
I can't even breathe without you\ 
I can't feel without , deal without you , spend without you\ 
My whole world is upside down\ 
Don't wanna go out cause I can't ride without you , \ 
Feels like I'm gonna die without you\ 
Wat is a boy suppose to do ? \ 
When I spend my last dime , to be in your life .... \ 
I don't wanna be without you ...... 
yet he makes me a way , out of no way .... and thank god for that ! 
part of me is hoping and wait for u to come back , while the other part of me is dying , telling me that ur not ....... 
is like .... so tired of ppl asking to see my damn work so they can do theirs . If I can find the time to do my work , why in the hell can't yo lazy ass do the same ? 
I wonder wat the final saw is gonna be like since it is 3D 
I need a prayer , my life on da line in dis car and a non-driver 
I am like so done with it all . time to put that change into game . if u call me or text me and I dnt get back to u .... that means I am not fuckin wit u no more at all . I am so tired of fake ppl . I am fed up with it . 
doesn't want it 2 rain until I get home 
how low can u go ? 
is debating on wat days to go to class for second semester . 
torn between the two ..... cuz I really dnt no wat to do .... let me listen to my heart and see what he says ...... 
u gotta pay da cost to be da boss ...... 
yo fake ass wants yo skinny ass to stay ova cuz yo black ass didn't show up .... wtf ...... 
nowadays , everybody wants to talk , like they got something to say , but nothing comes out when they move their lips , nothing but a bunch of gibberish .... nobody really gives a fuck about what u got to say ...... 
so ready for this math test in the am 
its yo friend , yo closest friend that u will probably ever have .... now go make friends with it cuz yo ass stinks ...... 
sittin here at da house bored out of my mind .... save me ...... 
scary movie night .... ur not invited ! 
bout to get ready for work , laugh at some ppl with yo cheap ass , get on yo fat ass nerves , and call it a night lol 
Q : Why u gotta be so difficult ? A : Because its me , what do u expect ? 
if you need to reach me , hit me up on facebook cuz my phone is off for the moment ...... 
have u every tried sleeping with a broken heart ? Maybe u should try sleeping in my bed ...... 
last class of da day , hoping dat dis dragon doesnt blow his hot ass breath at me 
I really miss him .... baby I need you to come on back home ...... 
taking my fat ass to english and finish off wats left of dis big bag of rice cakes 
Q : How do u eat all night long at work and not gain any weight ? A : Cuz I actually work .... duh isn't it obvious lol 
another night , another dollar .... hope dis night go by fast ! 
wtf .... it wud start to rain when I get to the bus stop ...... 
ugh .... my make-up is running LOL ..... j/k but on a serious note , I am soakn wet from da rain and gotta go to school ...... 
debating on wat career path I want to take .... computer programming or web designer ...... 
i hate it when ppl i dnt no come telling me their problems as if i really care .... got my own to worry bout , dnt care bout urs at all ...... 
mad my bag just broke when I was gettin off da bus , dropping my laptop .... ugh ...... 
when everything else fails , u gotta walk with faith and pray that it will get better ...... 
omg .... BGC was so wild .... neva thought I would see those 2 fight ...... 
ima hit dis black and finish wats left of my homework 
yay .... cartpusher machine battery died .... no more freezing my ass off for now ...... 
needs anger management before he snaps ...... 
lord give me the strength to make thru the night ...... 
after thinking about everything thats happened to me in my lifetime , I am glad I experienced it .... at the end of the day , it makes me who I am ...... 
hell yea .... all my classes gonna be online next semester .... 
wtf .... some girl run hit da damn power pole , split the muthafucka and she out ...... 
goodnite ! 
today has been such a good day , that I refuse to let anyone take my joy away 
yay my phone back on ...... 
omg ppl need to learn how to take a damn bath .... period ! 
BBM : pin : 21657096 
getting ready for another nightmare on west wendover 
headed to da house 
yay I get to go home a hour early 
Some ppl that come into ur life are meant to break and destroy you .... \ 
While others come in to repair the damage that was caused .... \ 
So when you sit back and wonder why is this person there .... \ 
Just sit back and weigh the good and the bad .... \ 
And you will find your answer ...... 
ok .... wats up with all these questions on the news feed ? 
ok .... still dnt know wats up wit all the Q&A , but I know that no one has any for me so I am going to sleep ...... 
Q*a : LMAO .... Do you think we will ever have good sex ? \ 
\ 
A : If I changed teams hell yea 
Q : How the hell did we stop speaking ? \ 
A : easy .... I didn't have nothing else to say , and neither did u .... so why keep talking ? 
so ready to hit da bed ...... 
so ready for my next 3 nights off 
ppl need to learn how to make they kids listen .... dnt make no damn since ...... 
just waking up .... damn ...... 
just got finish watching the first part of the BGC reunion , and dat shit crazy as hell 
grocery shoppin time I guess ...... 
to go to wal-mart and get in and out in 15 minutes , and still catch the bus on its way back says a hell of a lot 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Mays for sending me Café Cash . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/cvRLNF 
damn I could've sworn that they banned slavery a long time ago ...... 
screw math class .... I am headed to the house ...... 
thinks that at times I am way to nice , and shouldn't be ...... 
class free .... now if only I was work free as well and still got paid .... dat wud be nice 
I'm sorry .... but the person you are trying to reach is currently not available , either because his eyes are close or he really doesn't give a damn about what you have to say right now .... please try your call again later ...... 
can someone please wake me up so < PROPMALE > dnt kill me again tonight lol 
wish dat having to work was only a dream 
wish my dad and grandma and aunt was still here .... I feel an emotional breakdown coming ...... 
my phobia is getting the best of me right now ...... 
I am thankful that I get off @ 6 and that I am off tomorrow lol 
damn the black friday for making me broke 
I fuckin hate public transportation 
believe I have lost my mind , if u find it , can u take it to the lost and found at walmart ...... 
its time to upgrade 
can someone please turn the lights off outside so I can sleep ? 
da BB is off for da moment , if u need me , nbox me or hit me up on yim 
nap time ! 
its friday .... time to start popping bottles .... 
making friends with wateva the hell will hold me the hell up for the time being .... before long , ima make friends with the ground , and be there til wheneva i wake up 
hangover is a bitch ...... 
wow ... really ? snow ? wats really going on ? 
can someone please call out for me tonight , cuz i aint gonna make it to work lol 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To \ 
not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight \ 
against child abuse and copy or paste this to your status to be \ 
encouraging ... your friends can do the same 
omg .... i am trying to make myself go to sleep and cnt ...... its gonna be one of those nights i can tell 
ooooo numbers .... I wanna play ...... 
2 days til da semester is ova 
#187 : let's see .... hmmm .... u goofy as hell and fun to be around .... you can stop cussing me out tho lol 
222 : ur are pretty fun to be around . dnt really know u like dat but one day that may change 
#7432 : u have a good heart . only downside I have is the way our paths crossed 
1279 : omg u r like the bestest .... when I needed someone to talk 2 u were there just a txt message away lol .... I dnt no what I wud have done if I had flipped out if u hadn't stopped me .... wish it was the same as it was before though .... 
88 : fun to be around . always have a smile on ur face even when things aren't going your way . u really change the mood of everyone around u in a good way . when it comes to doing things that will cause us to get in trouble , u got a partner in crime right here 
673 : OMG LOL .... working with you was so off the chain . omg so many memories . those were the days . one thing we can agree on .... cudnt nobody talk shit better than either one of us .... I think that's why they didn't like us working together . but I miss the old crew tho 
5 : hmm .... damn its been a long as time been around u . But they were fun as hell especially laughing @ da drunk one lol . I think ur one of the few that dnt act any different when I was around . but u r the only one I hear from on that side that every blue < PROPFEMALE > . that I am glad for . at least I no someone cares 
#32 : U need to come back we miss u(mostly me lol ) i miss the random hugs and someone grabbing my tail lol .... 
1981 : I really dnt no wat to say . I just wish things didn't happen the way it did between us . But you will always have a place in my heart no matter what . 
336 : although I am the most difficult to get alone with , I can say that its been one hell of a ride between us . though we both dnt see eye to eye 99% of the time , it is wat it is . although u have my back when no one else does , I am gladly appreciative of that . but dnt take dis as a sign of me opening up tho 
007 : lol u a cool person . when we did talk on da phone u have the tendency to get quiet all da time . I use to like u a lot back when we first started talkin-like wat 4 years ago-but I see us better off just as friends 
850 : I remember growing up I called u something that I shouldn't have and u really want to dig into my ass lol . But you are the best sis anyone can have . one thing I like about u is that u dnt hold back how u felt . I have learned a lot just by watching u . there for me when I needed u . just by seeing u go back to school and have far u have gotten has really motivated me to go back . miss u big sis an I love u a lot ! 
#777 : to see us come as far as we have is quite amazing . u r one of the few who actually know and understand me . bestest friend anyone could have . wudnt trade u for nothing at all . u real as they come . a very good person . always looking out for me . just remember I got yo back no matta wat . 
one more day an da semester is ova 
2 A's , 1 B , and 1 C for da semester 
finally got madea's play from da redbox 
o well .... removing dead weight from my friends list once again . 
its snowing 
not feeling good at all today .... dnt think I am going to make it through the night at work 
once again .... snow ..... 
I've seen so many things happen in my life this year and thankfully its been for the better . From leaving the absolute worst person in my life along , with help from the best person that has came into my life this year , I just wanna say .... Thank You .... you really help open my mind to things that I would never possibly think about . 
at work .... have a headache .... and surrounded by stupid people .... I feel a cuss out coming 
time to have a chat with 3 long time best friends of mine ..... the bed , pillow , and dis cover .... 
psp or ps3 .... hmmm ...... 
its the most wonderful time of the year .... to be single lol 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to me ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all and to all a blessed day ! 
let's see .... been chillin wit da boo past few days .... took him with me back home for Christmas < PROPFEMALE > and we both had a blast wit my mom's side of da fam . Today chilled with his side of da fam and its been all fun . Plenty of laughs for the holidays . Only wish I could have seen my big sis and my nephews . 
ice , slush , snow = high possibility of me not going to work 
its bs that u have to come to work just to get holiday pay 
aint gotta go to work til next year 
sittin here waitin on dis nyquil to kick in 
almost finish with my runs for the day .... then tomorrow , more running to do ...... 
one extra trip dat wasn't planned @ all ... sleepy and pissed and in pain .... time to nyquil myself up ...... 
ok ... so I go to walmart an grocery shop , not in uniform at all .... and a customer asks me where's the < PROPMALE > and cheese is 
fml day 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . Forget about the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . \ 
* Re-post if you agree . * 
wth .... police pulling ova school buses now 
MIA til further noticed 
OMG .... crack is falling from the sky again ...... 
finally they put up my classes for this semester .... not to bad .... all my classes online and don't have to worry bout going to the campus for any reason at all 
o well .... no excitement going on at the moment .... time to catch some zzzzs and think about going in to work tonight ...... 
bored .... but at least my homework is done for the week :) 
nap time 
someone should go wash my car for me lol 
in this long ass line @ gtcc for one damn textbook 
Tired of giving people the benefit of the doubt that they gonna do right .... so .... from now on .... I'm not . Tired of people taking advantage of my generosity . I don't care if it benefits me or not , I don't care if it decides whether you live or die .... I refuse to help you because its not my problem . If you have my back , then and only then , will I have your back . 
This is so true :\ 
Traits of an Pisces :\ 
* Shy\ 
* Romantic\ 
* Trustworthy\ 
* Aloof\ 
* Dreamy\ 
* Creative\ 
* Understanding\ 
* Unrealistic\ 
* Impractical\ 
Likes ... \ 
* Romance\ 
* Nature\ 
* Ambient music\ 
* Poetry\ 
* Mystical settings\ 
* Being loved / wanted\ 
* Freedom\ 
* Privacy\ 
Dislikes ... \ 
* Noise\ 
* Crowds\ 
* Dirt & ugliness\ 
* Garish objects\ 
* Being reminded\ 
* Tight spaces\ 
* Authority\ 
* Revealing private life 
time to move on 
dis wind going hard .... ima be locked in for a while 
so .... does anyone want to volunteer to write this 500 word paper for me .... lets not all volunteer at once tho 
dnt need no hypnosis to put me to sleep .... later 
bottle open .... mind loose .... anything I say cannot be used against me when I sober up 
just had the worst experience ever 
o hell yeah .... pouring rain .... bout to sleep my ass off .... DnD 
they say more money , more problems .... i beg to differ .... less money , still the same problems 
I love it when a plan comes together 
its a fuckin fairground on wendover 
its a fuckin fairground on wendover .... dnt make no damn sense 
feeling some type of way bout going back to work after being out a week ...... 
funny thing happened to me at work last night .... I was ringing out a customer and dis dude comes into my line and stretches back and I notice something else stretched as well .... all I cud do was laugh and shake my head 
I am so bored ...... 
out of the shadows of gso back to shelby ..... now dis long ass drive back to da boro 
right now , all I can think about is laying the hell down , BUT .... then I won't go to work tonight .... damn can a bunch of snow just be on the ground right now as I speak ? 
on da highway from < PROPMALE > city ..... had to be a geek for the day an had a blast ..... be a while before I go back tho 
I dnt y everyone wait til < PROPFIRST>' day to show love and buy gifts and shit .... yo u can do that everyday .. dnt have to wait til one special day .... makes me wonder how the hell am I single lol 
just bought < PROPFEMALE > vs capcom 3 .... I am sick time to go home lol 
how bout I took my car to the mazda dealership because I have an AT light on .... they look at me like I am crazy and tell me they don't know what I am talking bout 
beatin ass in MvC 3 
gone with the wind and out with the lights ..... that boy is gone and is nowhere in sight !!!! 
Upgraded to the epic .... so loving it 
Its saturday night and everybody and they mama is at wal-mart .... wat da fuck ...... 
Back at the wendover zoo 
video chatting over 4G :) 
So ready for this week to be over .... better yet .... can it be Sunday ...... 
So ready for next week .... FYI its my week and ain't nobody gonna ruin it without getting there feelings hurtFYI 
Looking at all the wild animals at wal-mart 
So spring break has officially began and just so happens to fall on the week of my birthday .... can you ask for anything more .... along with the fact I pretty much have the whole week off as well ! 
Been sleep all day .... finally deciding to wake my ass up .... still wanna lay here and not do anything at all 
I hate to say I told you so but .... I told you so 
The night needs to pick up the pace .... I am do ready to go 
Damn .... the rain is ruining my birthday :( 
I thought about getting souvenirs for everybody but changed my mind at the last minute but then I realized I don't like y'all like that .... 
I would like to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday .... really had fun here in the mountains .... got one more stop then back to the boro ...... 
Out with the dysfunctional family lol 
They party u are trying to reach is fukked up .... please try again later ...... 
Ugh .... why does one class have so much homework ...... 
Homework done .... have a headache .... cleaning up some , cook for the boo , then sleeping til time to go to work ...... 
Don't think I am going to sleep no time soon even though I need to .... but having to much fun beating < PROPFIRST > in words with friends lol 
These no driving ppl out here on wendover bout to get pushed off the damn road .... let them keep cutting me off .... they gona find out the hard way 
Mirror Mirror on the wall .... whose the laziest of them all ? 
my work is done for the day .... just deleted 70 ppl from my friends list .... take that facebook and your lame ass games too ! 
Wish I could find a job with the same pay or better and not be third shift ...... 
I see the light .... and it's all over the sky 
how is it that I can throw 3 pallets of dog and cat food in 2 hours , but 1 person spends all night working box freight ? 
I am stressed out 
May god bless her in his kingdom ... r.i.p. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Phillips 
Stuck in stop and go traffic 
greensboro bound ...... 
Been home for a lil bit .... getting ready to go see scream 4 
Its sad they celebrated the holiday on the radio 
Home stretch .... almost there 
So for the first time in a tournament I played horribly .... ugh ...... 
Yeah .... I know .... I am rude , but no point in holding in how u feel 
Tell me wh dis dude out @ 12:30 at night cutting grass ...... 
Damn wat a beautiful day .... first time it hasn't rained on Easter . 
Wow .... the freaks really do come out at night at walmart 
So it turns out that today seems like it is going to be the worst day of my life ...... 
So they finally change me from a cashier to a stocker , with the weekend off .... finally 
So I went to precision on west market and wait 40 minutes for an oil change for them to tell me that they don't have the equipment to do it 
