beer in my hair , body is sore and bruise on my face ..... yepp it was a good night ! 

what a great way to start off the new year .... with strep throat . ugh . 
Is it summer yet ? 
vdjhdkhfjahflkg ; khl ; kblfdfssyryhfjh <------ that's how I feel right now . 
hungover . now I have to clean . and then maybe bake some cookies . =] 
cookies were disappointing . =/ Going out with my sister for a bit now . 
workkk . 
happy spring !!! 
I wanna go hiking ! 
Todays Plans : Getting my hair done . Cleaning my house . Going to the Caboose with my sister . =] && then picking her friend up from the airport . Sounds like a good day . Bonus : looks like the weather is going to be nice . 
=] 
hmm . I don't even feel hungover . I am bummed though because my sister is leaving today . =/ 
allergies are already kicking my butt . blahh . 
ohhh I am sore . 
Before you go and lecture me about my life try and not be such a piece of shit yourself , < PROPFEMALE > thanks . 
I just spilled a lemonade on TWO pairs of shoes and all over my floor . ugh . 
wegmans sub . mmmm . =] 
I really hate when I start thinking . Sometimes it just makes me more confused . 
fried raviolis are probably better when they aren't baked fried ravioils . still quite delicious though . 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , you're slightly mental at times , you can keep a secret , your house is a mess , or your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . True friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . Repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend 
watching sunset daze . old people make me laugh . =] 
rain , thunder and lightning .... it's like an exciting lullaby . 
Watching < PROPMALE > and rae-lynn . Love them . 
Lovely Bones ! Finally . 
I feel a cold coming on ..... 
Today was kinda sucky and to top it off my internet and cable are out so no < PROPFEMALE > white on snl . =/ I'm taking some nyquil and hoping tomorrow is better . 
I hate being sick.my head is pounding , I can't breathe and my chest hurts from coughing . I'm going back to bed . 
it's 4 in the am I can't sleep so what do I do .... eat of course . suuuch a\ 
fat ass . 
cleaning . yay me ! 
I kinda miss when someone else used to do my dishes . haha . BUT at least I have a clean house . relaxing now . 
never ever in palmyra will you see a guy wearing a pink argyle collared shirt . haha . oh canandaigua you are quite douchy . 
I really need to start walking more . 
okay the new time < PROPMALE > is making me really angry . it's not letting me record some shows like two different ones at a time . what the hell ! 
I really wanna punch some customers in the face when they ask me a question and I tell them we don't have it and then they ask if one of the guys can help them because I'm a girl and obvioulsy know nothing . Seriously makes me sooo angry . 
I want waffles . 
I like the way you walk ..... yes that line was used on me today . 
I'm too hot and I can't sleep . Plus too much on my mind . 
why allergies why ???? 
ohhh it's going to be a long day . 
soooo I just ate an entire box of cereal in two bowls . in my defense it was only a 7oz box compared to the normal 12.5 oz boxes . 
< PROPFEMALE > White is the last < PROPFEMALE > Girl still alive . RIP Rue McClanahan . 
Summer Jam tonight ! Yay ! 
Just got back from summer jam- while there I was pushed , bumped into and felt up more times than I can count . Also got into a verbal fight with some douchy guy . Oh and sone creepy old guy was up on us . But all and all it was super fun ! 
I feel like I need motivation to clean . I currently have none . 
There is definitely something wrong with my sleeping patterns . I really wish I knew how to fix it . 
I never want kids . I have noooo < PROPFEMALE > for them . 
So I was awake for 32 hours and then slept for 15 . 
I really hate when random guys come up to me at the bar and expect me to recognize them . Sorry dude . 
Happy first day of Summer ! 
why be normal when you can be special ? 
Can't believe nik is 21 today . and then next year < PROPFEMALE > will be . so weird . 
the days are just going by waaay too fast . 
Ah beer in a bottle .... Now that's class . =) 
Days like today should happen more often . Last night/this morning was hella fun too . 
umm ..... yeah it's kinda hot . 
so I bought milk ..... but I didn't have cereal . =/ so depressing . 
Root beer cookies .... not what I thought they would be but quite interesting . 
Oh my . 
I think laying in the sun for a little bit before I get ready for work sounds like a wonderful idea . 
doing some cleaning .... house , clothes , car . 
everytime I walk by the cows on my road one always stares at me . I don't think it's the exact same one everytime but still .... little creepy . 
dear < PROPMALE > carell , chili's is waaaay better than outback . that is all . 
So apparently I look Turkish on top of everything else people think I am . I learned this because some old dude came up to me in the food court and started speaking Turkish to me . 
You may not be the sharpest tool in the shed .... but you're still a tool . 
blahhh . 
I feel like I'm hungry more than I should be . I also think about and talk about food more than is normal . Haha . I don't have enough money to support this kind of habit . =/ 
I love rain and hail .... As long as I'm not driving in it . Little scary . 
Ugh I hate my computer . 
Home-made macaroni and cheese is the BEST . 
I am soooooo ready for a few drinks . Definitely glad today is over . 
There should only be allowed so much stupid in one weekend . I feel like the quota has already been filled and there's still one more day . 
ugh . 
feeling so out of it lately . 
one bad thing about living alone- spiders that don't die and then get lost . =/ 
Some lady just told her daughter she couldn't get buffalo bills silly bandz because \they're a boy thing . \ " I'm all for not buying bills stuff cuz they suck but not because you're a girl . Some people are so ignorant . " 
I really hate being in a mad mood for no reason . 
I think someone should send me In ' n Out and tri tip . Mhmm . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Favre , I'll believe it once the season actually starts . 
Beeeeeeeeer !!!!! =) 
I love finding drink chips in my pockets .... almost as good as finding money ! 
That ' 70s show is the best . 
bed I think . this early is like a first . ha . 
today is my half sister < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday . I'm pretty sure she's 15 but we haven't seen her in probably 12 years because people suck . so happy birthday < PROPMALE > , love&miss you . 
I don't even know . 
Got my tattoo !!! Love it ! 
sooo somebody put a packers favre jersey on my porch ..... no idea who it was and kinda freaks me out . 
lost another live spider . =/ 
Guys always become less attractive when they assume I know nothing about sports . Kinda sad . 
sometimes I feel a lot shorter than I really am . 
my phone is laaaaame . 
I hope today goes fast so I can climb back into bed . 
Really ? First my phone and now my computer ? Really ?? I hate electronics . 
< PROPFEMALE > to get my phone fixed[I hope ] and Chipotle ! 
My legs itch soooo bad . 
I don't think I've ever seen the pineapple on Psych ... 
why did it get sooo cold sooo fast ? I'm freezing . 
Road trip to Mexico ..... New York for the day ! =] 
Fuuuun day . But hella tired . 
fantasy draft . 
Finally FOOTBALL ! Wooo ! 
Kanye would sing about toasting himself . - “Let's have a toast for the douchebags . Let's have a toast for the assholes . \ " , 201 0-0 9-13 06:02:01 " 
I really hate when I can't tell if it's allergies or a cold making me miserable . Ughh . 
Ahhh I can't believe it's officially Fall ! 
Food keeps me alive .... beer keeps me sane . 
MNF ! Go PACKERS !!!! 
I blame the penalties . ridiculous . get it together guys . 
ughh . 5 in the morning and I can't sleep at all . something is wroooong with me . 
Bonus of being up right now ... Saved by the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Listening to/watching the Giants game &&& baking cookies . 
You make less than no sense . 
I can't wait to be back in California ..... 55 degrees here today and 90 in Roseville ! so not fair . 
.... which translates to \shpaghetti the way a hoe would make it\ " Bitchin ' Kitchen&hearts ;." 
today kinda sucked . sleeping until tuesday ? 
Kinda feel like I need to snap outta it . Blahh . 
I hate waking up hungry . 
I gotta admit that game made me hella nervous ... but we finally beat the vikings !!!! 
I keep remembering things from last night ..... 
GIANTS !!!! 
I finally won a fantasy game ! 2-6 now =] sorry < PROPFIRST > . haha . 
I definitely think I'm getting sick . 
Cowboys should've just gone home during half time . =] 
Cleaning , laundry , cleaning out my car and baking cookies . Sounds fun . 
TILT + < PROPFIRST>'s= hella fun night . =] 
sooo is it a coincidence that after the cowboys get rid of phillips and loose romo they win a game ? hmm . 
Love when I go in the liquor store and the owner says \oh hey I haven't seen you in a while what's been up ? \ " hahahaha . " 
And that's twice .... Suckas . =] 
howwww is it already friday ??? 
I wonder how much it would cost to hire a chauffeur for the rest of winter ? 
I think it's time I invest in a shovel .... just cleared snow away from and off of my car my with a dustpan . At least I'm resourceful right ? 
I & hearts ; Wegman's Subs . 
woke up thinking today was sunday . 
Juuuust leaving work . Wooo ! 
hahahaha . \ 
( 336 ): They're watching TV in bed . The < PROPFEMALE > Girls to be exact . Aaaand I just heard them singing along with the theme song . I love living with gays . 
I don't have enough < PROPFEMALE > for the level of stupidity I have to deal with sometimes . 
ho ho-rendous . 
Annual christmas < PROPFEMALE > getting drunkness . 
I actually get to watch a packers game ! hella excited . 
Suck it giants . Bears are next ! 
Tell the devil I said , hey , when you get back to where you're from . 
PLAYOFFS !!!!! YAY !!!!! 
\Most dangerous team in the playoffs . \ " Yeah that would be the PACKERS ! " 
wooooo !!!!!!!!!! that's how we do ! 
My horoscope today told me \to think more and say less right now\ " . Ha . Apparently it doesn't know me very well . " 
Apparently they only play country music at newark bowl . Haha . 
Hell yeahhhhh !!!! Greeeeen bayyyyyy !!!! One more game bithes ! 
mmm chicken tortilla soup&hearts ; . 
Super bowl !!!!!!! Woooo ! ! 
< PROPFEMALE > McDonald bugs me . 
It's weird being outta work this early on a saturday . Haha . Definitely not complaining though . 
Not really sure how I feel about the pro bowl ... kinda weird watching rivals getting along . 
More people need to come in and buy packers stuff ! There's too many Steelers fans . 
I wonder how illegal it is to flash your brights and honk your horn at the person in front of you going 15 under the freaking speed limit ? 
PACKERS WOOOOONNNNNN !!!!!!! 
McDonald's just told me I'm fancy . :) 
isn't a sex doll just a doll until you do something weird to it ? 
I am so over winter . 
Ughh . 
If you have a best friend who has made you laugh .. stuck up for you .. drove you crazy .. watched you succeed .. saw you fall .. picked you back up .. cheered you on .. had your back .. ready to fight the person who pissed you off or made you mad .. and all these things made your friendship stronger , and you don't know what you'll do without their friendship .. paste this to your status and see if they know who they are !! 
How sad ..... I just had a dream about in n out . And I woke up before I was able to eat it . 
Not feeling well . My whole body feels sick . Medicine and bed ? Yes please . 
If I was a country my flag would be a big fist giving the rest of the world the finger . 
I hate not being able to taste my food . 
The wind feels like an earthquake . 
Can you imagine no love , pride , deep-fried chicken Your best friend always sticking up for you Even when I know you're wrong ? 
I kinda really want a shamrock shake right now . 
last day at eastview . =/ 
I feel so productive today . =D 
Out of work and the sun is still out ..... I could get used to this . Haha . 
I can't believe its been 5 years since I said peace out to california . and even though I miss almost everything out there especially my sisters I would probably do it all again . I have a job that I love , met some pretty awesome people including the bestest friend ever and grew up ( a little =]) . 
Hey , I'm a wildflower , growin ' in the sunshine , soakin'\ 
up the way of life I was raised in , \ 
runnin ' barefoot bloomin ' in a summer shower , ponytail\ 
dancin ' I can't help it . I'm a wildflower . 
fast times at ridgemont high&hearts ; . 
I feel like if your day starts off bad it should end at least a little good right ? But maybe not . 
Crazy is sometimes the basis for genius . 
Customer just told me this joke .... Favre set a new record last year , he was the first quarterback to record his own sack . Hahahaha . 
Negative of living alone .... closing the bottle too tight and not being able to open it . 
I like how they wait til it's practically dark outside to do a power out so they can repair something . Way to use your brain outlet mall . 
We live like there ain't no tomorrow No regrets , no time for the sorrow Keep movin one foot in front of the other We all looking for something Hey , hey , hey 
Ughh . Bed early I think . 
Damn thoughts and naps ... wide awake . 
I think it might just be slightly nice enough for a jog . 
I've gotten the same story on my cup the last three times at chipotle . Very upsetting . 
It's so nice out . 
Dumb people make me laugh . 
Lemon cake batter makes me want fruit loops . 
I think I might go home and take a nap til tomorrow morning . 
Pork chops and pasta salad . I miss cooking . =/ 
I think too much when I should be sleeping . Good thing I can sleep all day tomorrow ... well today . If I want . 
I hate snow . I hate my car . And I hate the person that DOESN'T plow my damn driveway ! 
Ain't no mountain high enough \ 
Ain't no valley low enough \ 
Ain't no river wide enough\ 
To keep me from getting to you babe&hearts ;.\ 
Makes me cry everytime . 
Does anyone know when the caboose in Lyons opens ? 
The rule is don't you ever even talk about forever . But , you never say never in life . 
Oh how I love being hit on by weird old guys this early in the day . Such a confidence booster . Haha . 
For such a big place its a small world\ 
For such a rat race I still got faith \ 
And anything goes still I got to say life has its up downs but I love it anyway 
Kinda wanting a corn dog right now . Half frozen with syrup of course . 
