Is so excited for the new year to start . Going to be kissing my sweetheart at midnight ? 

Hate is easy . Love takes courage . 
Everytime I sneeze , my eye starts twitching 
Working 12- 8:30 pm today . Got an 86 on my Business Law test this morning ! 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > ate an entire Boston Creme Cake at work today , we regret nothing . 
Please stop raining 
Saw The Book of < PROPMALE > with my boyfriend , awesome movie btw ! 
Closing with < PROPFEMALE > tonight !! 
Teach only love , for that is what you are 
Has to work 1:30 to 9:30 , thank you Publix for killing my day 
Stop being cold immediately ! 
Watching The Tudors before going to bed 
Just read the new secrets on Postsecret.com 
I'm trying to catch up on some lecture videos before class tonight 
I'm making a cake for girls night tonight ! Everything from scratch ! 
Misti : What's imaginary ? Me : My friends lol 
Test today at 1pm , then working 2:30 until closing . 
You and me could write a bad romance 
is working tonight 1pm until closing time . 
Today was not as good as it should have been 
When I was coming home not too long ago , I was driving down US1 in T-ville , and I hit a heart balloon with my car ... 
is staying up late to watch Moulin Rouge . 
Needs to stop staying up so late 
working 3pm until closing time today ! 
Roadtripping to Carvel tomorrow ( Vero Beach ) . Then a little girl's night dinner ! 
Going to Carvel , be there in about an 1 hour and 45 < PROPFEMALE > 
Saw Shutter Island tonight with my boyfriend . It was an awesome movie , I wasn't too excited to see it at first , but I am so glad that I did . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for my flannel pajamas because without them , I would have froze last night 
Going to bed , I have to be back to work at 9am 
loves A Knight's Tale , it has to be one of my favorite movies . 
It's March already 
Hate is easy , Love takes courage 
Started off scheduled 34 hours , and I am going to end up with almost 40 , I'm pretty excited 
Had a goodnight at work :) , tomorrow I have a day off 
made pancakes 
Hooray for having a 6:30 - 9:30 shift that I have to revolve my day around 
Got called in early to work , now I'm working 3:00 - 9:30 
< PROPFEMALE > was a no go because Cobb did not have a midnight showing :( But I'm seeing it tomorrow with my sweetheart after work 
Working 10-7pm tonight , then the Strawberry Festival is this weekend . And that's where I'll be ... all weekend 
Has to be at the Cocoa campus at 6:20 am ... Strawberry Festival all day ... I'm not looking forward to it . 
I am burnt and tired and I would love to sleep in , but I have to work 6am until 3pm tomorrow 
Working 10-7 today , hopefully I'll get to see my sweetheart when I get off work 
I don't know what happened , I should be happy , but I don't think I am 
I don't even know what to think right now 
Had a wonderful day yesterday with my boyfriend , and today I feel so much better . Working 2pm until closing tonight . 
Just watched the new Lady Gada music video , Telephone . I must say I am in love with her 
Today is the start of a very long work week . Working today 3pm until closing with < PROPFEMALE > !! 
This is day 2 of a very busy work week . Closing tonight and have to be back at 6am tomorrow . 
Going into work at 6am . And even though my c/s managers said I could leave at 10pm , I still got crap for why I was leaving at 10pm . Isn't there supposed to be 10 hours between shifts anyways ?? 
I decided on Wed , when I work . I am wearing my St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day < PROPFEMALE > that says \Kiss me I'm Irish \"." 
Going out on a date tonight with Mr. < PROPFIRST > Harmon , and we're going to see a movie . And perhaps afterwards Ihop with some friends 
is working from 6pm until closing tonight 
Closing again tonight , hoping it goes as well as it did last night . 
My amazing boyfriend just dropped by to see me before I had to go to work . Today is going to be a good day . 
has a headache and has to study for her test tomorrow at 8am 
I hate my stupid phone , it keeps resetting itself and I am just done with it 
The weather is affecting my mood . I'm not liking it at all . 
I just watched Moulin Rouge again , my favorite song is the Bolero that plays during the credits . 
is working 1pm until closing tonight , I love being the only office part timer available to work Sundays 
is not very tired but is going to get into bed anyways 
Wants summer to happen immediately 
I want your love and I want your revenge . You and me could write a bad romance . 
Has to work from 2pm until closing tonight , even though I can think of at least 6 other things I'd rather be doing . 
Let's have some fun , this beat is sick , I wanna take a ride on your disco stick . Don't think too much , just bust that thick . I wanna take a ride on your disco stick . 
Got called into work today , working 5pm until closing ( Yay for my 2nd 6 day work week in a row ) . And ticketmaster needs to stop being a douche and mail the tickets already . Seinfeld is in 9 days and I still don't have the tickets 
I love that lavender blonde , the way she moves , the way she walks . I touch myself , can't get enough . 
I can tell the next couple of days are not going to be fun . 
is working 6pm until closing tonight . 
can't sleep , but I'm glad I don't have anywhere to be until 6pm . 
it feels like my whole day has been building up for me to work at 6pm 
My work day did not seem as long as it really was , and the Seinfeld tickets finally came today . Church in the morning , and working 2pm until closing . 
is hungry 
I won't tell you that I love you , kiss or hug you . Cause I'm bluffin ' with my muffin . I'm not lying I'm just stunnin ' with my love-glue-gunning 
Watching season 2 of How I Met Your Mother :) 
going to sleep , and hopefully when I wake up , it will be a good day between cashiering , then the Easter Egg hunt at Publix , and hopefully seeing my boyfriend 
had an amazing evening with the boyfriend tonight . I love the nights where you stay at home , cuddle up , and watch tv , sometimes it's the perfect date . 
can't wait until Friday when I have date night with my sweetheart , and we're going to see Seinfeld 
really wants pretzels for some reason 
Had an amazing day with my boyfriend . Seinfeld was funnier than I thought , and I was wearing a pretty dress 
I hope everyone had a nice Easter . I know I did because I got to spend the whole day with my sweetheart 
Just had a bite of < PROPFEMALE>'s chewy ice cream . Weird but good . 
Totally forgot that I have a test tomorrow . Haha , I'm amazing 
It's bad enough hearing coworkers complain at work all day , but when I just get off work , home trying to catch up on the dvr , please stop talking . I don't care about what you have to say because you say the same thing every day . 
Working until closing and getting a new male csm tomorrow . 
is working 3pm until closing . It should go by fast tonight , hopefully . 
I'm a T-rex ! Rawr !! 
La lune trop pale , caresse l'opale , de tes yeux blases . Princesse de la rue soit la bienvenue dans mon coeur brise . 
just woke up and it feels so good to sleep in . Now I have to get ready to work 1pm until closing time . 
just had Waffle House with my boyfriend and my big sis < PROPFEMALE > . Oh , how I love that boy ? 
Got called in early for work today , so now I'm working 4pm until closing time . 
is watching Monsters , Inc . before work ! 
There is no reason for a pair of pants to require 5 buttons on them to take them off ... 
Did not get very good sleep last night . 
is going to sleep , I don't get to sleep in , but I guess I have Saturday morning to look forward to . And Thursday can't come soon enough 
The whole house smells like beef stew and deliciousness 
has no business speaking in public 
Got called into work today , working til 4pm , class at 5pm 
Going out with < PROPFEMALE > tonight to get some dinner . Sunday needs to be here immediately ! 
Put that thing back where it came from , or so help me 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > built a blanket fort in the living room . I don't want to go to work 
Is having a boyfriend filled day today , minus the 3ish hours he is in class . Seeing Anberlin at the FMF tonight . 
At the Florida Music Festival with my wonderful boyfriend . Anberlin on at 10:30 , we're pretty excited 
Dear Publix , please stop calling me before 10 am . 
I was going to wake up at 11ish , but thank you Publix for calling at 9:30 am to make sure I didn't over sleep 
So warn the villages because here comes the cuddle monster . 
I don't know why I'm still up , I have to work at 6am ... 
wants to bake !! 
is going to take my 1st exam now . I'm really anxious :( 
wants to go to bed because I was up at 5:15 am , but I have to study some more for my final tomorrow . I am so tired of sitting still and staring at the screen trying to retain information . 
I'm in the bathroom and there are a mother and daughter playing a word association game ... kind of weird 
Working today , 2pm until closing time . Hopefully it will be a fun and easy night ! 
Today is going to be my fifth night closing in a row , and working my seventh day in a row . 1pm until closing time . Monday is a day off which I will do absolutely nothing that day 
Working 1 pm until closing today . I'm not as happy as I should be , and some part of me is hoping work will make it better . 
Just bought a loaf of Tomato < PROPMALE > bread at Panera . I have never been so excited to make sandwiches 
I'll be in my room , painting ... homo things 
is working from 6pm until closing tonight . I love that I have music to keep me entertained , but I need to get some new music because the shuffle is getting a bit over played 
is working 3pm until closing time . I am so excited for tomorrow and spending the day with my amazing boyfriend 
It's hard to have a fun day when it's raining :( 
Iron Man 2 was an awesome movie , and I had an amazing day with my boyfriend ! 
Arabian Nights tonight with my boyfriend and big sis ! 
Why must my actions have consequences ?? Working 6am - 3pm . Had a wonderful past 2 days with my love , but did not get to sleep that much :( 
I'm at my Grandma's house and it's like 80 degrees and it's so effing hot 
loves Thursdays because that's the day she gets to spend with her amazing boyfriend ? 
is working 3pm until 11pm today . Oh , and 22 days until my 21st birthday ! 
21 days until my 21st birthday . June 6th ! I'm pretty excited ! 
can't sleep yet :( My mind won't stop running long enough for me to relax and go to sleep 
wants a vacation ... 
Yay for a work meeting at 11am , then picking up my boyfriend and spending the day with him ? 
Had a fantastic time at the Aquarium , and seeing an otter and dolphins !! Just got back from < PROPFIRST > from eating at the Mellow Mushroom with my Mom and new daddy . 
Thank you HBO for having the entire 6th season of Sex and the City on demand . 
So , my 21st birthday is coming up in June 6th , and I'm thinking dinner at Chilis . Let me know if you want to go and I'll let you know the details ! 
Working tonight 3pm until closing in the front office with my bff < PROPFEMALE > in the back office ! 
is working today 2pm until closing time tonight . I have a feeling it's going to be a good night . 
Don't worry about it , no matter how it looks ... it still tastes the same . -Waiter at Carrabbas 
Working today 12:30 until 8:30 today . Hopefully today will be a good day 
I'm so excited for my 21st birthday on Sunday !!! 
Working 6:30 pm until closing . Hopefully tonight will go be quick ! 
is in a weird mood . 
Loved Get Him to the Greek , it was hilarious ! 
My 21st Birthday is tomorrow !! 
It's my birthday !! Thank you for all the birthday wishes so far . And remember tonight for those who are going 7pm ! 
Thank you for everybody who wished me a happy birthday today , and everybody who came to dinner . And thanks to my amazing boyfriend for spending the day with me 
Working 1:30 pm until closing . Please let tonight be a good night ! 
< PROPFEMALE > posted that ... I took it down immeidately as soon as I saw it . I apologize ... < PROPFEMALE > , you are not okay lol 
Working 3pm until closing tonight . Had an awesome time yesterday with my boyfriend ? 
Working 10am until 7pm . I'm tired , and I hope I can make it through the day . 
Booked the cruise ! On August 8th , my boyfriend and I will be on our way to the Bahamas ! 
Got to see the boyfriend before work ? Working tonight 4pm until closing time . 
At Kobes with my boyfriend before we leave for home from Tampa :) 
Our server's name is \sweeeet TEA\ " and our cook is named \ " Jet Li\ " . It's going to be a good meal " 
Saw Toy Story 3 today before work with my sweetheart . Working until closing time . 
Working Saturday 10am until 7pm . I need to get into bed 
I'm pretty sure I asked for today off . But I got scheduled working it anyways ... 
Going to see the Comics of < PROPFEMALE > Lately tonight with my big sis < PROPFEMALE > . And I'm feeling much better today , and I am so lucky to have such a wonderful boyfriend to take care of me last night ? 
I'm thankful for Chinese takeout . It never fails to be delicious . 
40 days until the cruise . I am so excited !!! 
is working tonight from 4pm until closing time . I'm not too excited , but I did get to see my boyfriend today ? 
I wonder what percentage of people like me , don't actually want to be at Eclipse , but are here anyways ... 
< PROPFEMALE > smells like onions 
Working 9am until 7pm on the 4th . Hopefully I can get out to see some fireworks ! 
It is dragging at work today . I need to get off soon ! 
Working today 2pm until closing as the fec . Hoping all goes well tonight 
Is so excited for her cruise in a month . August 8th can't come soon enough 
Saw Predators tonight and it was so very good . I recommend that everyone see it immediately ! 
is working today from 11 until 7:30 and I am feeling kind of blah today . I hope there are awesome people working to cheer me up . 
< PROPFEMALE > is my favorite 
Had an amazing day with my amazing boyfriend for our two year together . I am so lucky to have such a wonderful boyfriend . 
Hopefully it's an easy day today . Picked up a 9-6 shift , fec . 
Had an amazing day yesterday with the boyfriend . And I am working 3pm until closing tonight 
Had an awesome day yesterday at Rock Springs with < PROPFEMALE > and her kids . Working until closing tonight , so I'm hoping it goes by fast . 
18 days until the cruise with my boyfriend , I'm so excited !! 
On my lunch break with < PROPFIRST > at Kelseys ! 
vagina 
Girls night tonight ! But I can't wait until tomorrow when I get to spend the day with my boyfriend ? 
I'm tired of spiders , I have had 4 encounters within a 3 day period . I'm not happy ... 
Nine days until the cruise , I am so excited , and so ready for an actual vacation ! 
5pm until closing tonight as a cashier , hoping I can make it these last 6 days ! 
Working 9-4pm today , then two days off to spend with my boyfriend :) 
I ? Monsters , Inc . 
Work today 6am-3pm , nap , then I'm finishing packing for the cruise . I just have to make it through today and tomorrow is the cruise with my boyfriend !! I'm so excited ! 
On my way to the port , even though it is raining nothing can bring down my excitement . Be back Thursday :) 
Back home ! I had so much fun with my sweetheart ? 
Picked up an 11- 4:30 shift today . I'm hoping it goes by fast 
Going to church with my boyfriend today , then working 4pm until closing . 
Working tonight 2pm untili closing time . We close at 9pm tonight , so hopefully I'll be out by 10pm :) 
I can already tell I'm going to have a hard time getting out of bed tomorrow 
is sick , and does not want to go to work tonight . I did get really good sleep last night though . 
I really want tonight to hurry up . I feel so miserable with this cold :( 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE>'s puppies , they're all sleeping and < PROPMALE > is snoring lol 
In class , hopefully it doesn't last until 9:50 like it's supposed to 
I have UCF silly bands ! 
I feel like I'm ready for another vacation already . 
Loved that I got to see my boyfriend tonight :) 
It's a lazy study day today with class at 6pm . 
Watched The Dark Knight with my boyfriend . I'm so happy that I got to see him tonight ? 
Working 2pm until closing tonight with < PROPMALE > !! I know what I am doing tonight , so hopefully everything will go right 
Work 9am until 6pm today . I am so tired , I do not prefer to work morning shifts . 
Had an awesome girl's night at applebees tonight !! 
wants something exciting to happen 
Just got tickets for < PROPFIRST > Seinfeld !!! 
At Durangos with < PROPMALE > !! 
I want Kobes so bad ! 
is working today from 10- 6:30 . I'm really tired and I bet we're going to be really busy today . But I got to see my boyfriend last night :) 
is closing tonight , and I really hope it goes by fast 
Cannot wait for the new season of House to start on Monday ! 
Watching a How I Met Your Mother marathon , not exactly how I planned to spend my evening , but it's probably the next best thing . 
Boyfriend time <3 
What is wrong with customers today ?? Granted we work in the service industry , but we're people too . 
I want to see Easy A soooooo bad !! 
Working 3pm until closing tonight with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > si I'm pretty excited . Hoping work goes better today than it did yesterday . 
There's nothing like good music to make a bad day better 
Dear world , when I wake up tomorrow , please be a better day . 
Baking a cake for United Way !! 
Mr. Riendeau is transferring to Garden Street . I don't want him to go :( 
I don't have to work until Friday , but will be in Tampa Wed and Thurs , so nothing I need to do is going to get done ... 
PostSecret always makes me feel better , even if it just makes me feel less alone . 
Had a decent 3 days off , now it's time to work again . 3pm until closing tonight , and I'm not so excited . 
Got my flu shot on my break today ! 
Home from work , and I have to be back at 9am . I don't like mornings , but it's better then closing both weekend days 
Needs to go to bed , but I can't stop watching < PROPFEMALE > Griffin ! Completely worth it though lol 
Just got back from seeing You Again with Miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! 
Studying until work at 3pm . 
Had an amazing night with my boyfriend , dinner at Outback and saw Easy A . I love him so much :) 
working tonight , 3pm until 8:30 I believe . I'm really hoping time goes by fast , I'm pretty sure I have to study for something 
Working 3pm until closing tonight . I love closing Tursday , Friday , Saturday and Sunday ! < end sarcasm > 
Not closing tonight !! I believe I get off at 8:30 :) 
Time to go to bed , I really need to study when I wake up . 
Good morning , today seems like it's going to be a good day :) 
I want to go to the zoo tomorrow . 
Day off today , I got to sleep in without an alarm , and now I am going to do some relaxing and studying . 
Working 10am-1pm for a dear friend of mine today , then a Finance test at 2pm , and probably studying , relaxing , and missing my boyfriend for the rest of the day . 
Working today from 11- 4:30 . Oh , and I have an hour break , it's one those shifts that just waste your time . 
Test tomorrow morning at Palm Bay , I'm not looking forward to the drive . 
Going to take that test now , going to get there early for some last minute studying . I've been kind of anxious lately and this isn't helping ... 
Working 2pm until closing . Yesterday sucked , I know today will be better though . 
lost the happy :/ 
Working today 3pm until closing time . At least I'm not closing tomorrow :) 
Had an amazing night last night with my amazing boyfriend ? Work 10- 6:30 today and then < PROPMALE > Horror with some awesome people ! 
At the late night ( early morning ) double feature ( < PROPMALE > Horror ) Picture Show . 
Had so much fun last night , < PROPMALE > Horror was awesome . Now back to reality , working 3pm until closing time . 
Going to the movies with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , seeing Jackass ! 
Don't be sad when the sun goes down , You'll wake up and I'm not around . I've got to go . 
Day 3 of closing six nights in a row , I get to come in a bit late so I don't go over 40 hours . Next friday will be so much better though :) 
I am so excited for tomorrow I get to spend the day with my wonderful boyfriend , and I get to see < PROPFIRST > Seinfeld again . 
At the House of Blues with my sweetheart , waiting to see Anberlin ! 
Working today , 3pm until closing time . It probably won't be fun :( 
Something about November makes me feel lost 
I just want to stay asleep until the week is over 
< PROPFIRST > is my best friend , I like him almost as much as I like chipotle . 
Dinner and movies with < PROPMALE > ! I love him so much <3 
FIN 3403 test today , and hoping to go see < PROPMALE > Potter tonight 
< PROPMALE > Potter was so good ! 
Baking a \High Five\ " Cake for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ! " 
Working 11-7pm event planning . Come order some platters and turkey dinners ! 
My lashes are dry , purple tears drops I cry . It don't have a price , loving you is < PROPFEMALE > pie . 
I just heard a Christmas song on the radio . I don't know how I feel about it yet 
My sleep schedule is screwed up , I'm just now crawling into bed . I'm not even that tired 
Working today 3pm until closing time . I can't wait until black friday shopping . I found this beautiful necklace , but too bad Kohls isn't on my shopping plan . 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone ! I'm thankful for my amazing boyfriend , my friends , my family , and that Publix is closed today :) 
Got the $298 tv from Target !!! My black friday shopping is done because it can't get better than that . 
Concert yesterday was good , long but good . I would have enjoyed it more if I had gotten more sleep , but yesterday the tv was more important than sleep . My ears are still ringing and I have to work at 3pm 
Is in need of a smile . I'm going to bed hoping to wake up in a better mood . I was hoping PostSecret would've put up the Sunday secrets already . 
It fits that it's raining 
I ordered a dress on 9-21-10 , and it still hasn't shipped yet ... 
show your\ 
support in fighting violence against children ! change your facebook \ 
profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . through monday dec . 6th , there should be nohuman faces on facebook , but a nostalgic invasion of memories . 
Put that thing back where it came from or so help me ! 
banana is banana . son of a bitch 
Send me a number to my inbox and I'll tell you how I feel about you ... why not try this out , I'm honest lol 
625 : You are a very lovely lady and always fun to be around . You always have a smile on your face and I'm glad you're my friend 
005 : I haven't seen you in so long my friend ! I'm not going to lie , I miss squidman , and all the randomness that you come along with . 
3 : It's a bit weird when you go from seeing someone everyday and then not seeing them that much at all . I miss hanging out with you in class . And when(if ) I get married , you'll be the only one allowed to call me < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
7321 : I really haven't < PROPMALE > out with you all that much , but you're always so nice to me . It is appreciated especially since event planning is starting again for december so I'll be in the deli on weekends again . 
Oh 204 : You are definately my favorite of the gang . Especially when you drive through medians . I love your jokes , but I miss not having you here at work ! Can I have a water for my otter ? 
Working 3pm until closing . It's too cold to leave the house though 
Exam at 7:30 am . It's my last one . And I hate waking up so early when I am up this late . 
Work at 6pm today , my whole day will be building up to that moment . 
This is it , working 6pm until closing time . I already can't wait until I get off . 
I hate being unhappy , I'm hoping work will make it better . I have the cool shift today 4-7 event planning , so I'll be hanging by the deli . 
I think today should be bring your blanket to work day . 
It's like a bad dream , something from the back of a magazine . Black and white and cheaply put together . Like a slasher film , I'm torn in opposite directions . The plot sucks but the killings are gorgeous . 
She never looked in the mirror . She never liked what she would see . 
I don't work until 6pm , I'm hoping to sleep in late 
I have 2 days off in a row and I don't know what to do with myself . 
I really want a bagel with cream cheese right now . 
Is going to finish up on Christmas shopping today , heading to Waterford Lakes and perhaps a Hollister because 40% off the whole store sounds good to me . Then coming home and finishing this laundry ... 
I spent more time and money shopping today than I should have ... 
Is this a moment to remember , or just a cold day in December ? 
Work today 10-6 , then going out for my dad's birthday . 
The 29th needs to get here faster . 
Going to Target with my big sis < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! I hope everyone has a wonderful day ? 
Watching A Knight's Tale with the family . Hooray for new tv , and a ps3 to play blu-ray ! 
I don't know where all these clothes come from , I feel like I've been doing laundry for days 
At Mellow Mushroom with my boyfriend . I'm so happy he's home :) 
I got a new phone ! I'm so excited 
I'm so excited for Jersey Shore !!! 
I need to go to sleep but I can't stop watching Criminal Minds . 
Church today with my sweetheart and then closing the front office tonight . 
Thank you Zicam , without you today would not have been fun 
I'm glad my classes are online , but I'm still not excited for this semester . 
At the Cheesecake Factory celebrating two and a half years with my sweetheart . I love him so much <3 
Had an amazing night last night ! Working now until closing time . 
Doctor doctor , you don't have to cure me . 
Another good day at the East Coast Christian Center , and it will be a good day at work 
Working today , 10:30 until 6pm . Then I'm going to try to do a bit of studying 
Going to an < PROPMALE > museum with < PROPFIRST > today , and I'm hoping for some Chipotle Mexican Grill when we're done 
Had a good night last night with my sweetheart . I have the day off today so I'm going to get some studying done 
Studying all day for my test at six . 
Can't find the motivation to get out of bed . 
Baking cookies !! <3 
Has the best boyfriend ever <3 
Taking a shift today 11-3pm , worst decision I've made in the past 24 hours 
Merp . 
At Kelseys with my boyfriend for my break <3 
Just got home from date night with my boyfriend . Saw No Strings Attached , it was so good . 
At Disney for the day with my boyfriend and his family 
At Kobes with my love for a late < PROPFIRST>'s Day dinner <3 
Working 10- 6:30 pm . It doesn't even feel like I slept last night :( 
Working tonight 2pm until closing time . It's going to be a good day . 
I'm so excited for girl's night tonight after work !! 
Merp ! 
My Jersey Shore did not record last night . So now I have to wait until tonight to see it . 
On my way to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > y with my boyfriend , sister < PROPFEMALE > , and her friend < PROPFEMALE > !! 
At Seaworld with my wonderful boyfriend !! 
Amazing day today with my amazing boyfriend <3 
Working today 2pm until 8pm . Then getting to bed early so I can be back at work tomorrow at 6am . 
I love Mondays . At Kobes with my sweetheart and then the movies . 
Working today . 3pm until closing time . It should be a good day today . 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > !!!!! 
I <3 We The Kings 
Waiting for Anberlin to play . I'm pretty excited 
Zumba always makes the day better 
Working 2pm until closing tonight as fec <3 
Work today , 3pm until closing time . Hopefully it goes by fast 
Working 3pm until closing time . Then my big 10am until 11pm shift tomorrow ! 
Big day today . Working 10am-11pm , and I'm hoping it goes by fast 
I'm so excited for the next two days . I just have to wait for today to be over 
Had a surprisingly good day at work . 
Cleaned out my car today , and getting my oil changed soon . I'm so excited for tonight 
I hate it when people make it a family affair going to get an oil change , and don't bring anything to entertain the kids who are yelling and running around 
I need someone to cover my 5-8 cashier shift friday April 8th . It would be greatly appreciated . 
Had an amazing time at the House of Blues tonight . Yellowcard and All Time Low put on a good show 
Thank you 45 < PROPFEMALE > of Zumba for completely kicking my ass today , but in a good way . 
Driving home and there was a spider in my car . I hate spiders :( 
Studying all day for my test tomorrow . I hate studying when I know I have other things that need to be done too . 
Going to Nest Fest today with my wonderful boyfriend <3 
The drive was already completely worth it . I <3 < PROPFIRST>'s Mannequin . 
Studying until work at 2:30 pm . I can't wait until this semester is over 
6:30 pm can't come soon enough . 
Going to see Lady Gaga tonight with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! I'm so excited !!! 
Lady Gaga put on such a good show . I will definately see her again . 
Opening this morning . I can't wait until 3pm so I can get off and sleep : / 
Just had Sonnys with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for break . Now back to work . 
Happy Easter ! Hope everyone has a blessed day ! 
Just baked a Coca Cola Cake ! 
Good night last night with my sweetheart , now working 10:30 - 2:30 and studying for finals until bowling . 
