is going to Food City for some free menúdo ! 

is happy that 2009 and the holiday season are over and is looking forward to a great 2010 . 
just got back from Tucson an hour and a half ago . I asked someone over there if El Taco is still around and she told me that I have \low standards\ " for restaurants . " 
doesn't have to go to work for another three days ! 
is enjoying some < PROPFEMALE > Nut Goodies , a Slim < PROPMALE > , and a grape soda . 
is looking forward to the mandatory barbecue/meeting at work today . 
is disgusted by the flying cockroaches outside . 
is on his way to < PROPMALE>'s Fish & Chips . 
just finished his 1/3lb . Monster Burger & fries from < PROPMALE>'s Fish & Chips . < PROPMALE > had to remind me of this place today , but the trip was well worth it ! 
is burned out and needs a vacation ! 
is happy he did not get laid off today ! :) The urgent conference call this morning really had him nervous . 
is enjoying a vodka and soda and is glad the week is over . Cheers ! 
F'ing < PROPMALE > ! He wiped out one of my RX servers and I got stuck reimaging it , so I had to work late . I was on track to go home early today so I could < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > and look at houses ; so much for that . Ugh ! 
saw Funny People earlier today . It's a good movie -- something for everyone . 
has been working in northern AZ all week . I'm returning Friday . 
is happy to be off for 5 days after working in northern AZ all week and driving over 1,200 < PROPMALE > . 
is working out of < PROPFEMALE > Vista . I forgot how green the scenerey is in southern AZ . 
is back from his last day of work in Tucson . I had just enough time to eat at Eegee's and an old-school Dunkin ' Donuts ( much better than the ones in PHX ) . I would have gotten something from El Taco , but they were closed ( And their big sign was missing ?!?! ) . I enjoyed it while I could . 
just got home after driving across town , only to realize that the \24-hour\ " Dunkin ' Donuts is no longer open 24 hours . Son of a b^+$# ! " 
is back from Hawai'i . 
is happy that it's Halloween . Too bad I didn't get home until 7:30 ... 
I love sleeping in on Black Friday . 
Got stuck going to Wickenburg today and is finally back home . Time to have a few beers and let the weekend begin ! 
is excited about looking at ghetto-Christmas lights again this year . 
Holiday Regards ! 
is enjoying some tasty goodies from the gift baskets he got from < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Yum ! 
Ugh , I have to work in Thatcher today . I was hoping I'd never have to go there again . 
Nothing like ending a long day of work + driving 216 < PROPMALE > by watching a beautiful sunset , eating a prime rib dinner , and catching up on Lost reruns . 
While I was sleeping , Dunkin ' opened up a closet , found < PROPMALE > ( stuffed-animal dog from when I was 2 ) on a shelf , and somehow carried him over to the greatroom . I'm puzzled at what goes on in his little mind . That cat is both smart and weird ! 
is on vacation and doesn't have to show up for work until 1/25 . I'll be staying home and enjoying every minute of avoiding the outside world ! 
is listening to < PROPFIRST > Murphy - Delirious from 1983 . Hilarious ! 
Driving through snow storms SUCKS ! 
Time to indulge ... 
The roast should be ready by 10:20 . Cheers to eating dinner super-late , just like Uncle Walt ! 
is watching his favorite movie , Falling Down , in Spanish ! It's even funnier when translated . Lost is on in seven minutes . This is why I need a DVR ... 
can't wait for his review at work tomorrow . 
had an awesome day at work . My review was excellent and so was the raise !!! 
is enjoying a vodka soda and watching Lost . 
is working on fitting ten pounds of sh*t in a five pound bag while keeping everything organized . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
is enjoying a Guinness and some < PROPFEMALE > soda bread . 
is done cleaning for today and can fit three cars in his garage again ! 
Free food at work today ! 
is still full from all the Indian food last night . 
is working out of Tucson this week . :) 
hates insomnia . 
< PROPFIRST > Daniels burger and a Guinness . What a great end to my workday . 
Tonight , it was prime rib , garlic mashed potatoes , and Guinness . 
Slow-roasted beef machaca , green corn tamale , cornbread muffins , AND a Guinness . 
is back in PHX . 
< PROPMALE>'s Monster Burger , fries , and a Guinness . 
< PROPFEMALE > breakfast ( black pudding , white pudding , sausage , bacon eggs , baked beans , soda bread , tomato wedges ) and a Harp . Mexican Coke a few hours later . 
Slower traffic keep right ; ARS 28-721(b ) 
tried making a dipping sauce for naan and failed miserably ! 
needs to stop leaving snide comments on the collab spreadsheets at work , as a means of releasing frustrations with his coworkers , so that he doesn't get in trouble . 
' s neighbors across the street with the gaudy x-mas decorations , quads , trailers , and multiple cars parked everywhere are moving today !!! 
' s homemade avocado and bacon soup was surprisingly very good . 
can't sleep . 
needs a vacation . 
is off for three days ! 
is watching Eurotrip . 
feels great after 11+ hours of sleep ! 
is now able to use the FB app on his BlackBerry . Corporate doesn't block it anymore ?? Weird ... 
Why are the police and a K-9 unit outside my house ?? 
missed out on free food at work yesterday . :( 
has been up since 5:45 and feels great after sleeping all day Sunday . 
How can Souper Salad be out of salad ? :/ 
hopes this week doesn't suck as bad as the last two . 
is enjoying a Guinness at Lyzzard's Lounge in Prescott . 
is enjoying the cool weather in Show Low . 
wasted finite resources today . 
hopes he doesn't get caught wasting finite resources on his way back to PHX today . 
Free food at work today . :) 
doesn't have to show up for work today . 
Go España ! 
is the only customer in a family-owned Polish deli , sitting alone eating lunch . The mother and daughter are shouting at each other in Polish , having some sort of argument about 15 feet away from me . I don't think they know/care I'm here . Good times ! :) 
really needs a vacation ! 
has to get up for work at 3:30 and can't fall asleep . Ugh ... 
got pulled over by DPS , again ... 
is in Kingman ! 
is drinking an < PROPFEMALE > coffee with his < PROPFEMALE > breakfast and listening to Flogging < PROPFEMALE > . 
is driving through Kingman ! :-) 
Groomin ' the backyard , or whackin ' a weed ... The contemporary < PROPFIRST > Appleseed 
Dunkin ' Donuts this morning , rain , free lunch , and I got to work in Tucson this morning . It's been an awesome day so far ! 
has gone two days without making someone cry . 
All I want is a Pepsi ... 
It's vodka soda time ! 
didn't sleep well because his f'ing neighbor's damn dog has been barking all morning . I know my neighbor was home , because I just saw him walk outside , so there is no way he could have not heard his barking dog . I've talked to him before about this . How can anyone think it's okay to leave their barking dog(s ) outside for several hours ? 
If I like their race , how can that be racist ? 
' s ground beef shepherd's pie turned out well . I haven't made this in a long time . 
Jesus Christ ! What is this , the last stand at Fiji ?? 
It's time to clean house ! 
will be working along the Colorado river all next week ! 
Awesome game , Wildcats ! 
The Costco at 44th Street and < PROPFIRST > is the most understaffed and ghetto warehouse I've ever been to . Holy crap ! I won't be returning to that location ever again . 
Let the road trip begin . Time to break open the < PROPFEMALE > Nut Goodies , Slim Jims , and grape soda . :) 
It's Harrah's Buffet time ! Old and decrepit , get out of my way ! 
is working in KINGMAN today ! 
Prime rib and Guinness ! 
is back in Phx . 
One more week until Seattle ! 
just finished his leftovers from < PROPFEMALE>'s Asian Kitchen . Their green curry chicken is delicious and also makes a good midnight snack . 
is packing his bags for Seattle !! 
made it to Seattle ! I'm loving all the green everywhere and the weather is awesome - cool and humid . 
High of 61 today in Seattle and it's REALLY cloudy . This is perfect weather ! 
is at Safeco Field watching the Mariners vs . Oakland A's . 
pulled pork barbecue sandwich , coleslaw , and Pike XXXXX Extra Stout lager at The Pike Brewing Co . 
is in the Space Needle . 
Clams w/ thin sliced chorizo and chips , and Piles Brewing Kilt Lifter beer . Warm apple pie w/ nutmeg ice cream . 
is about to take a one hour harbor tour . I haven't eaten or drank anything since breakfast and I don't smell bio-diesel exhaust fumes , so hopefully I don't barf this time . 
Good news , I didn't get seasick . In fact , I really enjoyed this tour and our guide was not annoying . Good times . :) 
it's finally raining in Seattle ! 
is on the S-Link to SeaTac . :( I already want to return to Seattle . 
is back in Phx . Seattle was awesome and I can't wait to go back . BTW , go Huskies ! 
is trying not to get killed in Apache Junction . 
is having beef brisket for dinner ! 
it's free sample time ! 
Go Seahawks ! 
22-10 . Way to go Seahawks , way to go ! 
has to drive to Nogales for work today . At least I'll be able to grab some lunch from Eegee's while I drive through Tucson . :) 
Well , Nogales was fun . Something that could have been a < PROPMALE > ordeal turned out to be a simple fix . I got some OT and the change in scenery was nice , too . 
enjoyed a delicious cheeseburger and fries from < PROPFIRST>'s Farm Grill in < PROPMALE > . They were serving free lunch today until 3PM . 
just saw Due Date ! 
had a good time celebrating my cousin < PROPMALE>'s birthday with my brother , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . We saw Due Date and went to The Sandbar , Fleming's Steakhouse , and Grimaldi's - what an awesome day ! 
Mmm . Sounds like a good night for steak and fries . 
is seriously considering hosting a steak night at his house . 
Let's go Seahawks ! 
36-18 Job well done . Way to go Seahawks !!! 
can't stop listening to Evil < PROPMALE > Letterman ! 
sounds like a good day for some Sonic Youth . 
is waiting to get called so they can take his blood sample . I haven't eaten since yesterday . 
needs a drink , or a few ... It's been a rough week . I'm finally going home ! 
Pacific cod , rice pilaf , and an Alaskan < PROPFEMALE > . Not bad ... 
Listening to someone play Christmas songs on a trumpet , WAY off-tune brings a smile to my face . Okay , maybe a smirk ... 
Potlucks everywhere today ! You know what that means -- FREE FOOD . 
If every instinct you have is wrong , then the opposite would have to be right . 
Grandmaster Flash ! 
slept for ten hours and woke up before seven , on a weekday . I can't remember the last time that's happened . 
Go Eagles !!! 
Go Wildcats ! 
Eagles 34 , Texans 24 . Good job Eagles ! 
Huskies rock !!! 
is finished taping drywall in the garage . Now it's time for steak and shrimp ! 
is working in Tucson next week ! 
< PROPMALE > Stern signed a contract with Sirius for another five years ! Stern rules !!! Baba Booey ! 
The propane exchange kiosk at Home Depot tried giving me four propane tanks for the price of one . It would have kept on going if had a clerk not have intervened . 
is happy to see Phx in his rearview mirror . :) 
is back in Phx . :( I had fun working in Tucson . 
Sweet ! I look outside my window and it's like I'm in the Pacific NW ! :D 
So I finally got some Xmas shopping done . I haven't . completed getting presents for everyone on my list , but as usual , I found stuff I can use . So I ended up with a whole bunch of stuff for me , too . Now I'm off to a brewery ... 
Will be looking at ghetto Xmas lights in four days ! 
Damn clouds ! 
forgot that most people will be having their holiday potlucks today . You know what that means , FREE FOOD ! XD 
is enjoying tamales at work ! XD 
Two Dunkin ' Donuts gift cards ! Score !!! 
How about this breeze ? I'm loving the rain , too . 
:( No snow in Scottsdale . 
I guess I'll go have some menudo ... 
Awesome game Seahawks !!! 
