Needs to go to verizon . blahhh 

has a new phone . :) its all pretty and shinny and new !! 
gonna go to bed now . Blahhhhhh I'm tired 
Smells like < PROPFIRST > :) 
needs to go to bed . has to wake up early . gonna spend tomorrow with my younger siblings . :) 
is at home . Wants to work at Lorikeet !! 
going to the cheese cake place in Va beach :) needs to pack for Florida BLAH ! 
Headed off to Wal mart . :) 
Might be going to the movies later ! :) yayyy !!! 
is at my dad . still sad about peanut's death today .... she will be missed 
Is gonna go to Aquatica tomorrow with \the big kids \"" 
last day in florida . Tomorrow road trip to SC . Then Sat . VA . Gonna stop by south of the boarder 
is gonna go to bed soon 
Hopes Ry gets better soon !!! I don't like see him like this !!! 
is mad and sad . Mom's < PROPFIRST > got broken into . They took her MP3 player . I hope they listen to it and be like \What the hell ? \ " :( Sorry mommy . " 
Is going to the store . >.< 
is on my way to OH ! :) 
Is chillin at nanny's . Dinner with family later !!! I'm so happy to be up here , I feel right at home . :) 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak or see each other often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you . 
going to the beach !!! :) 
Going to busch for the day . 
Drawing is a great way to vent ! LOL 
Going to Crue Fest ! :) Taco < PROPFEMALE > after .. I hopppeeee . lmaoo 
Going back to school shopping today ! 
Powerpuff girls then bed 
Got to do a lot today ! I have to go get my classes changed , get breakfast , then get my eyes checked , get glassed , go to work for 2 hours for orentation(sp ) then eat lunch , then some more school shopping in Wilamsburg and finally get hom . yayyyy !!! not enough hours in a dayyyy !!!! XP thank you mommy for driving me all over the place todayy !!!!!! 
I'm supperrrr lucky to have < PROPFIRST > as my boyfriend . :) after a long hard stressful day he gave me a back rubb and bought me < PROPFEMALE > !!! ^-^ so happpyyyyyy !!!! 
RANDOM DANCINGG !!! RANDOM DANCING !!! 
Blahhhh so bored . THANK GOD this kid is asleep 
At < PROPFIRST>'s!!!!! Can't wait tell later !!!! Gonna help her move shit around for tonight !!!! :DDDD 
Wants some mother fucking gummy bears now !!!!! 
\I shall not Strip for your monopoly money ! \"" 
I win the game !!!! 
\I have to stop talking so I can hear it ring ! \ " I love you cece Haha " 
Playing with the new < PROPMALE > . =DDDDDD man FUCK HP !!!! 
Grrrrrr .... gayyyyy ass rules ! Just like the mother fucking lab ! getting kicked off the puter . Text me and keep me entertained . ppplllllleeeeeaaaaassseeee ???? 
DOMO !! 
FUCK MY LIFE !!!!!! Its to cold for this shit !!!!! 
Just got voted off the island ! Lost the game ! Was the weakest link ! Was NOT the biggest loser ! And I'm NOT smarter then a fifth grader ! FUCK MY LIFE ! I can't win to safe my life ! 
Music , < PROPMALE > , Friends and Family ; the only things I need in this world anymore . But of course food , sleep and a shower could be up here too . :) 
This storm will pass , just like always . I will see the rainbow at the end of this . I will feel the sun on my face again . I just have to get threw this darkness . 
OH MY GOD A TALKING MUFFIN !!!!.... I want a muffin now ! 
Has nothing better to do with my live then take a nap ... then school work ; JOY ! ughhhhh ... 
... I can't get you off my mind . I miss you so . The past is haunting me again . But I feel so safe in thought of you . I'm gonna wait for the blessed day I get one of your hugs again . Your gone , but not forgotten ... 
RAWWWRRRR !!!! I'm a dinosaur ! Aren't i scawwwyyy ?!?!? :) 
Gonna go make some coffee . Then go get the back pack ready and eat an ice cream cone ! :) 
:DDDDD TOMORROW AT 8 ON < PROPMALE > THEY ARE PLAYING THE GOOD BURGER MOVIE !!!!! I wanna see that movie again !!!!! :DDDDDDDDD 
Bitch I don't make it rain ! I make the sun come out and smile to the world ! TOP THAT ! lmao :) 
Is not Feeling the rain today . its rather lame . err .. oh well . 
Is really happy I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with Amandaboo the last two days ! :) 
OH SHIT A TALKING MUFFIN !!!! 
My mom just said \You will die when a chair explodes very unexpectedly\ " Funniest way to die ! :) " 
I'm gonna live forever ! So far so good ! :) 
Top of the morning to you mate ! =) 
Just saw mayhem fest list !! Zombies gonna be there ! Saw him last time he came to town ! I'm so going again !!!!! :DDDD YES I AM HYPE ABOUT THIS !!!! 
Time to go to school . blahhhh .... I want to go to sleep . But I can't sleep in study hall any more . :( DAMN UNO !!!! 
My mouth has been taped together , my eyes have been sewn shut , my ears cover , my body bound to the floor , but my heart is still free to rome this cruel dark planet we call home . 
Can't wait for summer !!! No lie dude . It's gonna be killer ! 
Is epically bored ! Ughhhh ... today has been a fail 
\Help I'm twisted and can't get up ! \"" 
Ha ha . Its funny how no one is a fan of Indian Ink , but like 2 people . * not lying . look it up * 
Is gonna go dance on the < PROPFEMALE > with my boo . Anyone else wanna join ? :) your welcome to ! 
Gov't is killing me . But I shall finish this study guide .... I hope ... ughhh 
Today has sucked balls . ughhh .... 
Going mudding before school . I hope we don't get stuck . lol . Today shall be epic ! :) 
Wants some Burger < PROPMALE > now ! THANKS CECE ! 
is a skittle today . :) 
Happy today is a half day ! 
A.F.D.A. today and < PROPMALE > . today is going to be a good day ! :) 
\ ... I have nothing to say . But I feel like my mouth is wide open . Everything that is real . Comes around . Comes around ... \"" 
My toes are crossed for snow tomorrow ! I want to play in snow ! I'm starting to think its not real . It never snows in Suffolk . :( 
ohhh you just have to love the mental breakdowns in my family . 
I believe in snow once again ! :) All cuz < PROPFIRST > Cash was on vacation ! 
Always is in your eyes ... 
HAPPY HAPPY JOY JOY HAPPY HAPPY JOY JOY !!!! :) 
Cause we like having fun at other peoples expense and Cutting people down is just a minor offence then , It's none of your concern , I guess I'll never learn . I'm sick of being told to wait my turn 
Dear snow , MELT FASTER PLEASE ! I want to go to school tomorrow ! I want to see what < PROPMALE > got in , eat free pizza and < PROPFEMALE > out with my boo and < PROPMALE > crew ! XoXo < PROPFEMALE > 
ce . ce- i hacked < PROPFEMALE>'s facebook !!!!!! 
WE'VE GOT CABIN FEVER ! AND WE'RE ALL GOING MAD !!! 
WTF ? The day I want to go to school , they close it ! I'm so sad now ! :( 
EVERYWHERE I GO BITCHES ALWAYS KNOW !!! ... thanks mexican now I go that song stuck in my head !!!! LOL 
Yet an other boring day . -_- 
It's down to this . I've got to make this life make sense . 
just watched Step brothers . I though the movie would have been better . -_- 
' Cause I'd get a thousand hugs , From ten thousand lightning bugs . As they tried to teach me how to dance . 
Snow again ? Really ??? Blah humbug !! 
My upper left leg is killing me ... ughhhhhh !!! FAIL !!!! 
Its snowing . oh well . Can't wait tell spring to see the sun again . 
is strong like Hulk . ^_^ 
Some people need to act there age and not there shoe size . ha i guess its just to much to ask for . ^_^ 
My Cajun boys did me proud ! First time ever being into Football , I see why so many are . ^_^ 
Gives strangers great big hugs !! 
Love sucks eat pancakes !! True story !! :) 
Well that was shirt lived . :( 
A nap sounds good right about now . ^_^ 
Can't wait for the day after tomorrow : free pizza , lunch with boo , AND a field trip dealing with < PROPMALE > . I can't wait to see who won , and I bet I know the people who did ! But < PROPMALE > tomorrow witch is always good ! :) 
IN THE JUNGLE THE MIGHTY JUNGLE THE LION SLEEPS TONIGHT !!! =) 
Feels really proud ! No F's so far this year ! ^_^ And I'm gonna keep it that way . My next step is no D's . lol . 
\Its easier to hate . \"" 
Get to skip 5th block to go on an < PROPMALE > trip . :) I still hope boos stuff got in . 
Wrote LOVE on her arms ! 
Had a pretty ballin day . Still has \Happy\ " by NevershoutNever and \ " Weightless\ " by all time low stuck in my head !! THANK YOU < PROPFIRST > !!! lol " 
Smile , it confuses people . :) 
I wonder if you ever think of me . <3 
I wanna kiss you , but if I do then I might miss you , babe . It's complicated and stupid . Got my ass squeezed by sexy cupid . Guess he wants to play , wants to play , a lovegame , a lovegame 
Yayyyy pizza box for dinner . Wish my boo was here to eat it with me . lol . 
What else is there to say any more ? 
Manage me , I'm a mess . Turn a < PROPFEMALE > , I'm a book Half unread I wanna be laughed at . Laughed with , just because . I wanna feel weightless . And that should be enough . 
All I can say is \7th block\ " my new goal in life ! This will happen ! Just watch and you will see baby !! (: " 
I'll keep you my dirty little secret . :) 
HAPPY PANCAKE DAY ! I get my ice cream shoes today ! :D Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! * happy dance * 
Whats up with all this damn drama going on lately ? 
Needs to go clean her room ... must get off the computer ! -_- 
Getting lost in music . 
Two more days tell the little monster turns 3 . (: Wonders what the day will bring . 
You may not get it from me , or even anyone I know . But trust me , friend , you will get your just desserts : someday , somehow , and someway ! Because < PROPFEMALE>'s not nice to people who do things like you ! 
Life is to short to deal with people who act a fool . So I'm say forget you . I have more important things to waste my time on . (: 
Radda radda radda !! That's all I have to say . (: 
Nap time !!!! 
Dear text from last night , thank you for making me laugh so hard I fall out of the rolly chair . :) 
\I'm always wrapped up in things I cannot win . You are the antidote that gets me by . Somethin ' strong like a drug that gets me ... High . \ " -crossfade . " 
HAPPY 3RD BIRTHDAY RYLEE < PROPMALE > !!!!! My baby is growing up . lol . ^_^ Can't wait to go to Chuck-E-Cheeses tonight !! 
I can't wait tell March 5 !!! I want to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland SO BADLY !!! The music on the cd is so epic ; and all the trailers just tease me !!! ughhh !!!! So going to a midnight showing !!! ^_^ 
Good morning monday . We have a busy week ahead of us , lets make it a good week . (: 
trip to the store . 
I get to talk to strangers today ! Maybe they will give me < PROPFEMALE > ?!!?! :DD Burg after < PROPMALE > with mommy and boo . 
Still sad about Domo leaving . And kinda ticked off about whats happened to < PROPFEMALE > . And don't get me started about the budget cuts at school . SCHOOL WHY DO YOU HAVE TO CAUSE SO MUCH STRESS ??? and I just lost the game . oh well . 
\Put a smile on your face it makes the world a better place ! \"" 
I see you I smile . I see you I cry . I'm not mixed up . I just miss you . I can't wait to see you again . 
I'm seeing stars . These kids are going to do big things someday . Just you watch ! 
Chillin with < PROPFIRST > . 
Disney is mean ... they always get songs stuck in my head !!! -_- 
Can't wait tell 8 !!!! I want to see Twiztid so badly !! 
Deuces up , Deuces down . This is how we run this town . Going to burg for the rest of the day , making money again feels good . lol . 
Goals in life ( as of March-April ) Learn to swim and learn how to drive . Wish me luck cuz I can't even push a stupid button just think of how I'd be behind the wheel . lol . 
My bed is still asleep ... I wish I was . 
I wanna feel reckless , I wanna live it up , just because . I wanna feel weightless , Cause that would be enough . If I could just find the time , Then I would never let another day go by . I'm over , getting old . 
Facebook Experiment- if you are reading this , no matter if we talk to each other often or not , write down in the comment box what is the first memory you have with me or about me . Then make this your status too , you will be surprised what people remember .. so give it a try ! (: 
Dance , Dance . 
Scar tissue that I wish you saw . Sarcastic mister know it all . Close your eyes and I'll kiss you . ' cause With the birds , I'll share With the birds . I'll share This lonely view . 
If we have to make up this day is saturday school , they wont see me . I have to work . 
does anyone know the IT number for mydiscoverinfo ? They locked me out . 
\How do you say ' No way I'm doing this ' in crazy ??? \"" 
.... is really , really , really over drama .... for real .... ughhhhhhhhh 
woke up late . off to school . blahhhhhhh 
I hope you always find a reason to smile ! 
You know I can't smile without you . I can't smile without you , I can't laugh and I can't sing . I'm finding it hard to do anything . You see I feel sad when you're sad . I feel glad when you're glad . If you only knew what I'm going through . I just can't smile without you !! 
has a blue bird on her shoulder , its the truth . 
The adventure for today is over , tomorrows will start same as everyday 5 o'clock . ^_^ Hoping for a good day tomorrow . 
Is hoping for a good day at work . ^_^ 
\I'm sinking slowly So hurry hold me Your hand is all I have to keep me hanging on Please can you tell me So I can finally see Where you go when you're gone . \"" 
Its so hard not to smile , when you listen to \Smile\ " by Uncle Kracker . " 
Blahhh monday already ??? -_- 
I'm loving this warm weather ; now if only it would stay this way ! It would make a little girl VERY happy ! ^_^ 
Thank you for hearing me , thank you for seeing me , thank you for believing in me , thank you for helping me ! 
My Horroscope said I was a super hero today ! :DD Today is gonna be AAAHHHMAZZINGGG !!! 
Jamming to my music ! And yes , thats right I said jamming ! 
Writes sins not tragedies . 
I have to say , I hate to see our friendship end like this . But Shit happens , I will still live and so will you . I just got to keep my head up and so do you . May fate be kind to you . 
People change , and people fade away . I'll fade out like a < PROPFEMALE > in the sky in the day time , but I will never change back . I must say , I have the best friends around . I love them and I owe them my happiness . Thank you for the smile , its all for you . <3 
Is putting holes in happiness . 
\Only the strongest will survive . Lead me to heaven when we die . I am a shadow on the wall . I'll be the one to save us all . \"" 
Hates having two odd days in a row !! Thank god today is friday ! Working again this weekend . Hoping for a good end to this crazy week !! 
This is 10% luck , 20% skill , 15% concentrated power of will , 5% pleasure , 50% pain , And 100% reason to remember the name ! 
Going to go bust into my brothers room and play COD . (: 
Back to work today . I NEED that monster today ... why did I drink it yesterday ??? ( FML ... respawn ) Gonna hit up 7-11 again I need my suicide coffee . Work is gonna be fun today !!! (: 
What a weekend ?? Ugghhhh .... I don't like odd days ! oh well . 
ha ha ha ha mom's roller skating in the house . (: Today for being an odd day was pretty good . lol . 
Make a fool of myself when you < PROPFEMALE > around When you're gone I'm a match that's burning out Could have been , should've done , what I said I was going to do ( Said that I would do ) But I never promised you ( But I never promised you , promised you ) 
About time its even ! Can't wait tell < PROPMALE > !!! =DDD 
The worst thing you could do ... is read this . 
=D 
Has the luck of the < PROPFEMALE > ! (: 
Mom just put in Fluffy and < PROPMALE > is cooking me some chicken . Today has been a good day ! 
My cupcake taste like violence !!! And theres nothing you can do about it . lol . 
I don't know what to say in this . So I will say \PASS THE TACOS ! \"" 
Has a pocketful of sunshine ! =D 
Has now been deemed the skittles lady at busch gardens , I love my friends even when they joke on me . But then again it is fun to joke on me , even I do it . =D 
Today is going to be laid back , tomorrow is going to be fun . (= 
Heart attack and sadness is over !! Don't scare me like that !! lol . 
I'm super stocked on this season !! I know I'm gonna miss Howl-O-Scream crew !!!! 
Today is going to be a good day !! =D 
\I'm gonna Quick-Stop that ass ! \"" 
The start of a new week ... joy ? =DD HAPPY HAPPY JOY JOY !! 
... Just wants things to go back to the way things where ... \Senior year will be the best year of high school\ " ... yea my butt !! Whatever ... less then 9 weeks away from getting out .... I just want everyone to be happy again ... " 
Field trip today !!! Going to NSU then see a play then going to the mall ! With my 7th block crew !! Dude today is going to be a good day ... but I am still worried about those two ... -_- 
What a day !! 
Hoping once I drink my coffee my mood will change ... 
I'm sneezing like mad its not cool . lol . I almost hit my head on the desk last time . ughhhh . lol . 
I hope you always find a reason to smile my dear friend . (= 
I do believe it is nap time . 
I hope everyone in the house is ok ... just woke up to fire trucks looked out the window saw smoke and fire . They are in my prayers . 
I must say , this status sucks ! lol . 
Thank god its friday . 
Today is going to be an adventure !! 
I hope you know , I can't get you off my mind . 
Really wants to go on a road trip ... Might help if I could drive and had a car . ha I fail . 
radda . 
Hoping for a good day . 
DO NOT PASS GO ! DO NOT COLLECT $200 !! 
\I gotta feeling that tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good night That tonight's gonna be a good good night \"" 
Wants to do something fun soon . 
\Good feelings gone \"" 
How many people really know all of the people on your friends list ? I mean personally know . Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how they met me , you know our very first encounter . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . :) 
All I can say is .... what a day ? 
I want to live in your radio . 
Is sick of this bull . I don't want to play with you anymore . 
Today was one HELL of a day !! But tonight was so funny !!! I was rollin . 
So glad I got today off . but has to get up and go to work tomorrow , what a break ha ha . I just spieled to my little sister . REALLY ??? 
Is still me . I just changed my out look and attitude . thats it . (= 
So i just found out my three year old nephew free balls . should i be proud or scared ? \\n\Monstar \"" 
So yesterday < PROPMALE > Butler made my day with that BIGGG HUG !! =D Then Mashell Gotterup made my night ! And thats why I love what I do ! 
.... stress its a killer .... 
NOTE TO SELF : Somedays you just want to give up , but just remember there is always a new start tomorrow . So don't give up just keep going . Something good might come out of it . 
Hoping for a good day . No scrap that ! It IS going to be a good day ! 
Its kinda weird how i always miss you after i see you . 
Shit happenes . 
I'm not letting you get to me . I'm gonna have a good day at work ! 
What can i say ? I love my job . (= 
I hoping everything is ok with the guys at the team store . My heart goes out to both of them and I hope they are doing fine . Working on the last day of spring break . Can't wait for tomorrow I'm gonna jump people when I see em . 
Back to school . I can't wait to see my crew !!! =DD 
Hmmm .... i want to go do something fun . 
I was never here to begain with . 
Time to get back in it . Gotta keep my head straight . I can't mess up the end of this nine weeks or even next ones . Cuz I'm GONNA graduate ! =) 
Looks like someone just their tooth < PROPFEMALE > money for a canon ! 
... I hope he is okay .... please god help him ... please make him strong again !!! help him get better !! please ... thats my only wish ... 
Fingers crossed . I hope he is doing better , no updates yet . Hoping today in school will be a good one . 
Must get this research paper done !! Time to get started . Does anyone know anything about Busch Garden's history ?? XD 
So doing a research project on Busch Gardens has turned out to be a BAD idea !!! I can't find the information . This is a FAIL !!! FML !!! ughhhhhh 
My eyes are killing me . I give up . BED COME TO ME !!! 
Good morning world . Hoping for a good day . So day you should make it a good one for me . ^_^ 
Welcome back Friday ! I have missed you . =) 
... I want Cheese its now ... 
Sometimes a person needs a hand to hold and a heart to understand . <3 
Like the little school mate in the school yard , We'll play jacks and uno cards . I'll be your best friend and you'll be mine , < PROPFIRST > . Yes , you can hold my hand if you want to , Cause I want to hold yours too . We'll be playmates and lovers and share our secret worlds . 
Finally a day off . And I'm not playing in the park . ha . Home being lazy . ^_^ 
I'm half way there . I can almost see it . Yea , i'm half way there . 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would it say ? ( Copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get ) 
If you ever feel like letting go . I wont let you fall . 
& We'll be dead if they catch us . 
Has the most bad ass phone ! =DDD 
You don't have to WIN someones heart ... just ask for it . 
All I can do is laugh . 
Is in a cuddly mood ... with no one to cuddle . This kinda sucks . Care bear come here . ha ha 
My what a small world this turn out to be . 
Everything's falling apart , we can't rebuild this . Lets start something new , and forget this place . Lets run and never look back . Cause all I need is you . 
This is the best part about the ride . Just < PROPFEMALE > on and watch it go . 
I think I'm getting sick . Well this suckss 
A child of three can work this ... give me a child of three !! 
I feel like today will either be crazy or lazy . 
The drama crew of WONDERLAND was AMAZING !!! If you haven't seen it , go today !! GO TODAY ! =) Or you will be missing out on something so mind blowing you will NEVER KNOW what you missed out on . 
Today has been crazy so far 
Oh my god ! The pants troll needs to hand over my pants ! Ughhhhh 
And so .... This week begins . ^_^ 
Dancing , walking , Clock keeps on talking . They sing , they sing , La la la la la !! 
YOU CAN ASK ME 1 QUESTION ? (TO MY INBOX ) AND I WILL ANSWER TRUTHFULY , BUT I DARE YOU TO COPY THIS TO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE ASK 
So it just hit me , this is really happening . I must say this is weird ! 
I must say , being sick blows !! 
Tomorrow I'll be back in the game . Two days off is enough for me . 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you ... This should be interesting :) 
I want to be the type of person the mirror is proud to call me its owner . 
Going to the movies later , this is gonna be fun ! =) 
Boyyy , watch out . That's all I'm saying ; is just watch out bitch ! 
I think I will do what I do every weekend and go to Busch Gardens , and bug people all day ! =) 
Dude , yesterday was intense . I don't even know what I'm hoping for today . XD 
This is great ! I should have done this years ago !! 
I know I'm loud ... but I was surprised to hear how loud I really am on stage . Hahaha so much fun being silly . XD 
Ahhhh ... I'm excited !! I want to see what part everyone got . There was a lot of good people yesterday . ^_^ 
\Don't bite your friends \"" 
Is so stoked on life . I have so many things I can't wait for . Life is looking so good . Bad times come on ! Bring it ! Cuz you can't keep me down . =) 
I don't know what to put here !!! XD 
I hate being so small . =( I can't find a dress i like that will fit me ... this is a fail . 
Best morning EVER ! French Toast with whipped cream while watching old school cartoons !! =DD 
Today seems like its an \All time low\ " type of day . " 
I want to be like < PROPFIRST > Starks when I grow up ! 
Good morning Sun , I woke up before you today so I will say Good Morning first . 
Off work , what a day . Got my prom dress , going to kill time tell eight so we can go home . Lol . Love you boo 
Happy unbirthday to all , and to the mom's happy giving birth to us for countless hours , putting up with us , not killing us , raising us and loving us day ... that's a mouth full . Haha 
Great day , tell I got home ... Can I go back to work now ??? 
Weekend down , aka work week down . School week I'm the morning . Yaaawwwnn . Good nigh < PROPFEMALE > . 
Time to start an other week and I'm dragging ass . blahhh . 
cuz in the morning I'm making waffles !! lol . 
Just found out I forgot my coke ... I is sad now . =( 
Come , sisters cheer we up his sprites ! I'll charm the air and ..... I just forgot the rest of my lines . I want to watch Hocus Pocus now . XD 
Open your eyes ! And see life is beautiful ! (: 
Errr .... what to say ; what to say ?? 
I must say my new favorite song is All the right moves by One Republic . ^_^ 
In Kings Fork , gonna watch a play . =) 
Besides a few minor things the play at Kings Fork was amazing . Great job guys !!! =) 
my work day starts . (: 
Is about to run threw the team store acting like a witch ... but I don't want to get out of the comfy chair . XD 
Adults are just kids who owe money ! 
I'm flying high , I'm flying underwater , I'm flying on land . Yea I'm flying , flying without a care . 
\Aye sir all this is so ! But why does Macbeth stand thou amazedly ? \"" 
I just don't know whats wrong with me today . But I hope it goes away !! 
I think I am going to school covered in mud today ... I think I will jump mud puddles and dance in the rain this morning . =) 
yawnnn . its only 6:28 am ... can i just go back to bed ? XD 
I think I need to clean my room . 
She's got a target painted on her back , And keeps a list of the qualities a good girl lacks . She bites her lip and tips her bottle , I take a drink cause the truth is hard to swallow . 
Can't wait to have some ice cream cake !! 
Have you ever gotten to the point when you are so excited about something , but once you almost get there you want to go run back hold onto a door frame and not want to move ??? 
\I feel like I'm riding a dragon ! \"" 
I hope you know , you confuse me ... when I think I'm done you bring things back up ... * sigh * 
To much on my mind to sleep . Better try to go to bed soon . But whats the point ?? sigh 
I can't ride rapids without getting all the falls . Lmao . Ohhh well . 
OCing today . Drama tomorrow . 
Today is not my fucking day ... 
Naps make life so much better !! 
Maybe I'm crazy , What did I fall into ? Lookin ' for a key to a door that I can't get through . Just maybe , I'm crazy . Don't you know , don't you know I'm going under . Just maybeIn a world of wonder . 
kinda feel lost inside ... don't know why . 
I give up , I won't fucking sleep tonight ! 
Is this even worth it ?? 
In the broken hearts parade And I putting my heart out on display there's no Masquerade , Just a funeral march for love today The band strikes up and they're playing our song Dressed in black and we're singing along , to the Broken hearts parade And I've never been better then I am today 
You can't keep me down . 
When I grow up I want to make it on the Muppet show !!! (= 
So . Prom tonight . 4 school days left in school . 3 school days tell the first play . And 14 school days left tell graduation . Nooo I'm not keeping count . What can I say I'm kinda nervous . lol . 
All dolled up . Tonight is gonna be killer . :) 
I swear , I will never go on an exalter without shoes on again ... or in heels . lol 
back to \The real world\ " working a 12 hour + shift . PLEASE BE A GOOD DAY !!! " 
ahhhaa !!!! Four more days left !!! Four more daysss !!! =DDD 
Next time I need to use the mic . Lol . But I really hope < PROPMALE > is doing better , he had so many people worried . 
So , I have a feeling schools gonna be dead today . Maybe today will be a good thing on that note ! (= 
Don't worry it will all buff out soon . =) 
Only two days left !! =) 
Today is going to be an epic day ! =) Games , chill time , movies , then party and wrap it all up with some drama . 
\if today was your last day & tomorrow was too late . could you say goodbye to yesterday ? would you live each moment like your last ? leave old pictures in the past ? donate every dime you had ? if today was your last day ... \"" 
What a waste , Where does the time go ? Where did our minds go ? 
Good day sir ... I SAID GOOD DAY , SIR ! 
\What is this thing you call ' normal' ? Is it contagious ?! OH MY GOODNESS ! Don't touch me ! I might catch your ' Normal'!!\ "" 
Moo ... I'm a fish ! (= 
Last day of school . Government test then coming home to clean and baby sit . 
High School is done and over with !! Cleaning house , watching Nemo with Ry . XD in the words of Jr & < PROPFIRST > \Don't Judge me ! \"" 
Working on a bucket list . Any good ideas I should add ?? 
Cleaning today . 
this child is going to be the death of me !!! 
-_- I'm so bored ... ughhh 
I like that boulder ... that's a nice boulder !! =) 
I'm hungry . Nap time in a little . -_- zzzZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzZZZZzzz 
What says you ???? 
Home sick ... and feels bad about not going to work ... -_- 
Lets play a game . [= 
Saturday is going to great !! =) class of 2010 time to bounce out ! 
I live in toon town . You should come visit me sometime . =) 
People throw \I love you\ " around to easily these days . " 
has a lot of work ahead of me today . =/ Please Ry let me clean today 
La sigh ! 
Is lost in stereo . 
this kid knows when my head is killing me and thats when he gets loud as hell !! ughhh ... -_- 
RAWRRRR !! I scawy . <3 
Today is gonna be a good day . =) 
Tomorrow I will be free . AKA A bum for good .... tell college starts up ... well a bum with a seasonal job ! =) 
Today has finally came . Bitter sweet , bitter sweet . 
I might get to go see toy story 3 soon . =D 
Lazy day . Gotta love em . =) 
May how time has flown . I think its about time to let go of the past and move onto new things . 
The ferry is the closest thing to a cruise is I'm ever going to get . And I'm happy with it . (= 
Thank god I get off at 4 today I might be able to sleep tonight . 
To do list : get permit , get car , learn to swim , get lisions(sp ) , get second job , get an apartment , go to community college . I have a year to do all ... I hope hahahahaaaa 
>=[ 
I think tomorrow I will sit in a kiddy pool all day and sip on some adult drink and watch ry and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > play in the slip n side . And forget about today . 
Todays a new day : I'm off I'm getting a kiddy pool to sit and relax in . and hopefully go to work tomorrow happy as a clam . 
Just keep swimming 
Last night was the best ! All my international girls have left it's so sad . About time to go back and doing it again . bbuuuttttttt I got a LEMUR !!!! And it's so FFFLLLUUFFFFFFFFFFFYYYYYYY !!!!!!! 
is a zombie . 
I am so happy now !!! 4 to close isn't that bad 
I can't wait to have more oh that lemonade !!! It was so good !!! 4 o'clock tomorrow i will get some ^_^ 
half asleep cooking potato skins . today was a good day 
\I had a dog and his name was BINGO ! \"" 
Looking up apartments . I don't think I can get one off of BGW pay checks .... fml 
I'm ready ! For this long day !! Bring on the day !!! 
Up yet again super early to do what again ... oh yea work . fml . I'm freezing . 
Doing what baby bear said . I'm doing my job and nothing more . I'm not a lead so I'm not gonna worry about it . 
heading into Norfolk for a little while . bye . 
Rubbing the sleep from my eyes . Work soon . 
Another day at work . I hope it will be a good day , no it will be an adventure . =) 
Haven't stepped foot outside today ... and nor do i wish to . 
Is a big fat bold Asian man , like Buddah . :) 
Lets do this . =) 
I have ADOS . Attention deficit ..... ooohhh shiny !!! 
Dear All of Festa : Help me with a mission . If we get 12 guest complements for July we get to play at splash wars with each other . Festa Rides already has one down . 11 wont be that hard , we can do this , WE GOT THIS . =) 
I wish I didn't have feelings ... I wish I was the tin man ... 
Has no status today . 
So home boys made my day . Lmao . Today was a good day after all . (: 
is ready for an other day ! =) 
So I was weak today . The ride to the parking lot was so funny , retarded seal much . And all I have to say is cat walk . You thought you would get out of it , yea you tried hard too . But in the end you did it . and it was funny . Just admit it , you had fun cutting up and letting loose . lol . 
Its been to long ... two years ... just thought of it ... my day is gone down hill ... 
Dear storm , your about two hours late . Thanks . Love the girls stuck in a hot < PROPFIRST > . 
I ... need to find my sun glasses . Mission set . Lets go ! 
Fat lip . 
Yawwwnnnn . Today will be better . 
Trying to upload pix . Facebook is froze . Those I was talking to in chat sorry guys . Uggghhhhh ... 
The sun's up , and so am I . :) 
One day ... I will make it to Water Country USA ... one day . 
My heros for today are : < PROPFIRST > McDonnell , < PROPFIRST > Lindstam , < PROPFIRST > from First Aid , and < PROPFEMALE > Dever . ^_^ 
I think I hear my bed calling my name . Should I answer that call ??? I think I should . Good night and good morning all . 
Looking forward to a good day ! Bring on the sun ! 
Mannnn ... its gonna be HOT again today . ughh 
Had a really good day , for it being so hot , well tell i got home . then < PROPMALE > wanted to like my sparkles off . haha thanks dog i needed to smile . 
I'm digging this cold front and these grey clouds . Its a nice change . Now please rain while I'm on the turn table today . (= 
Fuck . August 5th is gonna kill me . -_- 
Today is the free ice cream day ! That makes me happy . heehee 
Sometimes I wonder ... \why the Furbee getting bigger\ " ... then it hits me . " 
.... fuck ..... this sucks .... 
I don't like being up before the sun is .... oh , well . 10-11 training , then water country !!!! 
I am so excited !!! I'm on the scare squad this year !!! I'm gonna be a skeleton !! I can't wait !!! 
I think I will call it a day . 
Is thinking to much again ... 
DEAR , FESTA !!! We got ALL 12 guest complements !!! Are 4 has 28 guest complements !!! Yea we run this ! lol . I'm so excited !!! 
La la la . Let's go . 
MAYHEM !! Tomorrow I can't wait !!!!!!! Ahhhhhhh !!!!! 
Mayhem ! Here I come !! Taco < PROPFEMALE > after win all around . =) 
My neck and arms are so sore . I have no anger left after yesterday . I love Mayhem !!!! 
Take two getting to work ... 
Yawn . Lets go start a new day . 
Sometime , you just have to give in and let people win . :) 
What if I say I'm not like the other ones ? 
I'm not flying . I'm falling with style . Gotta love toy story 
Just four more hours .... fuck today ... it sucks .... 
I'm ready to start this day , Let my day be horrible ! Let it happen ! Cuz my night is gonna be great ! :) 
\Steven would like that \"" 
=) 
An other stressfulled day that I need a cigarette ... bad thing is I don't smoke 
Is eating purple fish ! Haha 
Dear lord , please give me the strength not to slap someone stupid today , and just smile and laugh it off .... ahem . 
I love the rain . Gonna go clean my room , watch the hangover then go play in the rain if it is still raining when I am done . 
The journies half the fun . 
If only there was something that I say to make the sun come out and the rain go away . If there was something I could do-it hurts me to think you are so blue . So , I'll be your umbrella , together we'll stand , to wether the storm , I'll be holding your hand . 
... duck ... duck ... duck ... FLYING FISH !!! 
Cake for breakfast , and mixed matched socks ... I'm a rebal !! :D 
\Look here lady gaga ... I need you to stop stealing my shit ! \"" 
Watching a girly show called : bad girls club . Then I think I will go run for a bit . Just to change things up 
My heart is racing , I can barely breath . Running felt great , but tell my gym teachers and i will hurt you . (: 
Is really ready for howl o scream . End of story . (: 
10:30 to 4 .... I can do this ... 
I would kill for an < PROPMALE > class ... I can't wait tell I have money . Winter I'm going to school , I want my < PROPMALE > class man !! 
Hot tears are running down my face as you laugh ... you don't know , no you just don't know ... my heart is breaking more and more as the days go by ... I know what's on its way ... you changed my life , you don't know what you mean to me boy ... no , you just don't know ... 
I'll stand tall , I won't back down , I won't give in . I won't show this pain . But I will let you know , I love you . I will stand tall for you . 
The strom will pass , it can't rain forever . Life is all about making you stronger , this will make me the strongest and weakest I've ever been . 
Closing at seven is a good thing , people suck today . 
I need a sharpie , a water mellon , and a sun flower hat . Let's go do work . 
Note to self : do not stay up tell almost six in the morning , when you have work the next day . Just don't . 
Boring take nap 
This sleeping alone thing is weird to me now . Thanks babe for that one . Haha 
You know the feeling you just want to crawl into the wall and just stay there forever ?? I has that feeling at the moment . 
Never wanted this day to come ... let alone without a good bye . 
I love how you can make my rain clouds go away , and bring out the sun . 
Kinda glad not to have to go to school today , but misses everyone . 
Don't I look like an ass . 
Let's go saints !! Let's kick some ass tonight ! 
I was made for chasing dreams . 
Almost time to go make new scary friends . I can't wait , this is gonna be fun !! 
I remember the day . Thank you for what you have done , and those who gave there lives , you will NEVER be forgotten . 
Is dead ish ... 
Happy face 
The problem is I either over think ... or under think . 
I will fallow in your foot steps , < PROPFIRST > skeleton , I will be the next pumpkin < PROPMALE > !! 
ce . ce-ah ha ha i hacked < PROPFEMALE>'s face book for god knows what reason . probably the sugar and caffeine . well night 
Time to do choresss . Fun stuff . But I'm eating ice cream and GETTING CHOCOLATE WASTED after ! (: 
Man , have things changed since last year . 
time to go clean joy ! 
Good day sir ! I SAID GOOD DAY !! Bah !!! Humbug !! 
Hi ho , hi ho it's off to work I go ! 
Bad day . End of story . Bed I want you . Hug I need you . 
I just can't win !!!!! No matter what I do , or say , or think it over I just can't win ! 
Were off to see the wizard !! 
How I met your mother , best show ever ! 
I think its time for me to go . Pointer finger , Middle finger ! 
I wanna go do something fun . I wanna hit up the beach . 
From now on , Friday threw Sunday starting at 5 I am a REAL skeleton !! Booh yaa !!! 
I'm just gonna roll with the punches , Take life as it comes , and cross bridges once I get to them . Thats the kinda life I'm living . 
Team night soon . This is gonna be fun !!! I'm gonna scream like a little girl !! 
Back to work I go . Gotta go in and get my stuff straight . Game plan : Rapids open and closing the maze . I get to scare people today .. hopefully . haha 
Great night . Que line was BEAST ! Get up and do it all over again tomorrow . 
I wonder how many people can make it past the Que line tonight . 
Energy level : low ! 
I got the magic in me , Everytime I touch that track it turns into gold . Everybody knows , I've got the magic in me . When I hit the flow the girls come snappin ' at me , Now everybody wants some presto magic . 
how did we meet ? ( copy and paste this to your status and see who remembers ) 
I see the world differently . 
Mission excepted !! 
Dear rain , Please do not flood us in . I would really like to go to work Friday . thank you for listening . much love , \LALA\ " girl . " 
I get to bug < PROPMALE > Kenttoday !!! =DDD 
\Lord Voldemort would look cute holding a puppy ! \"" 
Scaring people all day . Love it ! 
Even tho its cold and rainning ; I miss rapids , and my que line . 
Is an Ompa Lompa , so get over it ! 
I miss my crew at lakeland !! I miss my hugs from you guys !! 
I wish he was happy . I wish he would sleep . I wish he would eat . I'm heart broken knowing this . 
Isn't going to peanut fest this year . Only shrimp fest . 
I like it in a bucket . 
At lunar golf at Chesapeake sq mall . It is amazingggg haha 
o.O theres a tent in my living room . O.o 
Back to work I go . Funny how everyone elses Friday is my Monday . Haha 
ITS GODZILLA !!! Run ... 
Has anger issues at the momment . 
la la la la la ... 
Come home . Please ?? 
Your the only one that makes me feel like this . (: 
is back on gaia . 
Please , No rain this weekend . (: 
Forgot today was pay day . Busch you made my day !! (: 
Everytime I touch that track it turns into gold . Everybody knows I've got the magic in me . 
Tell me something sweet to get me by . 
Your words are sweet , sweet poison ... that will not make me better . 
Who are you , when I'm not looking ? 
My bed is swaying me with her kind words . I want to listen but I must go . I'm sorry , bed , I'm sorry . 
Another day is going by , I'm thinking about you all the time . But you're out there , and I'm here waiting . I'd do anything , just to hold you in my arms . To try to make you laugh , cuz somehow I can't put you in the past . 
Has the best friends in the world . Thank you guys so much !! 
Still can't draw while wearing her shoes . 
Not feeling good ... I hate being sick .. 
Even superman has in off day one in awhile . 
BED I HAVE MISSED YOU !!!! To bad this is a short visit ... 
Why do I have a feeling today will be my last at rapids ?? 
NOM NOM NOM 
I dropped my fun , I is sad , I want to cry . ): 
I miss < PROPMALE > class ... 
I can't wait to dress up today !!! 
\I make talk ! \"" 
La sigh . 
Bad day . Whatever . Life goes on . 
-_- 
Life is beautiful 
° ^_^ ° 
Just leveled up to 20 . Bitch I'm awesome ! 
So i have to stop at thanking people , so tonight or tomorrow I will properly thank all of you . (: 
There's just something about stealing goldfish from a four year old , that makes them taste so much better !!! 
You never know , how many ways there are to play just one game , tell you try and explan the rules ... thank you Uno for being so diffacult . 
You make me smile . (: 
\And I'm gonna be like Fuck you bitch ! Remember facebook ?!?! \"" 
Goal for this week : Clean house ! Facebook , please let me do this !! 
The Claw !!! 
\College is an expensive adult day care ! \"- Rocky Horror Double picture show ! " 
I really want to play Epic Micky . 
Drawing , I think its time to . (: 
To the makers of < PROPMALE > Potter , PLEASE ! PLEASE ! Be as close to the book as it can get it ! If you don't I swear I will get kicked out of the theater when I go . Thanks , oh and , ps THIS MEANS PEEVES IS IN IT !!! 
Is one lucky chick ! Yea , I have a good life . Its not perfect , but its still a good life to have . (: 
Its funny how things never work out the way we want it to . Because god wants something better to happen to us . 
Was brought into the Q&A game . Q : I gotta question :D Why don't you come back one day with < PROPFIRST > so we can have more pizza with ms. Holland ? :) \ 
A : Just tell Me the day and I'll be there . And I shall bring Other Man with me . ^_^ 
Q : Have u every messed wit a blck guy . \ 
A : I have not . 
Dear Christmas Town ; I can't believe I'm asking this , but can you please hurry up and get here ? I would really like to go back to work . I miss my park . Yours truely , < PROPFEMALE > J . 
Really wants to go to Disney right now . Sigh . 
From November 15-20 , change your profile picture to your favorite cartoon from when you were a kid and invite your friends to do the same . The goal of this game is to not see a human picture on Facebook but an invasion of childhood memories until Monday7 
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a villain . 
What is there left to loose ? We'll never be this young again . Why wait forever ? We'll never be this close again . 
Yes we have no bananas today ! 
All I can say right now is : I'm living the good life . Yea , I truely am . 
I want to work for Disney Pixar . That would be amazing . <3 
Somedays I really wish I didn't look like a 12 year old boy . >.< 
Wants to have a massive hind n go seek party thing haha 
Why i facebook act so gay right now ?? Thank you for making me randomly click on things I don't mean to then shut off . It was really nice of you to do so . >.< 
Will you be my < PROPFEMALE > plate ?? 
I don't know what it is about suicidal bunnies , but I love them ! I find them to be very entertaining . 
This doesnt feel right . 
I am thankful for all I have . 
First day of Christmas Town is tomorrow . And Iget to work it !! I'm gonna be in Germany . A new adventure awaits tomorrow . and no I am not brave enough to shop tomorrow . Sorry . 
... is really confused now ... 
The truth is hard to swallow , But it needs to be said . 
New adventures awaits . Work soon . Time to go make new friends . 
Faith , trust , and pixie dust ! (: 
Well it was just a dream , Just a moment ago . I was up so high , Lookin down at the sky . Don’t let me fall . I was shooting for stars , On a Saturday night . They say what goes up , Must come down , But don’t let me fall . 
Walking threw festa made me very sad . All I can think of is all the fun times . 
Watching my favorite movie as a kid . Snow white . (: 
Things have really changed since last year . Wow dude . It's crazy how that always happens . 
You must meet my fat boys ! FAT BOYS !! 
A day to remember , best quote-able band ever . 
Really needs to stay offline . I really need to clean . sigh . 
So I think , I want to join the circus . 
Spirit level : low . 
When I see your smile , Tears run down my face . I can't replace . 
< PROPFEMALE > , Snow White , and Sleeping Beauty are all gonna be pretty ticked when they find out they all married < PROPMALE > Charming ! 
I really want to make a gingerbread house and drink hot chocolate while watching the old classic Christmas movies . 
I wish I could wear my slippers to work . sigh . 
Dear confetti , By the end of Christmas Town I will hate you worse then I do Pop Corn . Thank you for making my life hell tonight . Yours truly , < PROPFEMALE > L . Jardell . Ps North Pole , I will miss you . 
Gets to play in park for Christmas town . Over staffing is sometimes a good thing . (: 
All you can do is hope for the best and expect the worse out of life . 
I will never let you fall\ 
I'll stand up with you forever\ 
I'll be there for you through it all\ 
Even if saving you sends me to Heaven 
I think its time to do some < PROPMALE > . 
.... i need a hug .... 
OH NO !!! A sleeping Pokemon has blocked the path !!! D: 
Click\ 
on the \like\ " button if I have ever made you smile in your life . Then 
< PROPFIRST > , you know the drill . Give me something to do . Haha 
32 ) You are awesome ! You have always made my day with your hug when I go into work . Your a great guy and I'm so glad I got to met you and work with you . oh and ps still one of the only people that can scare me . (: 
98745 ) I miss your stupid butt !!! You are so cool . haha Your a good friend and I'm glad i found you again on here . 
#8008 ) I LOVE YOU TO DEATH GIRL !!! I miss you so much . You made jail for kids worth going eeryday . You will always be my daughter don't forget that !!! 
2087 ) you are really good at making people run into maps . Haha you are an amazing person , and I like hearing about your girls . You make good brownies haha I'm glad I got to work some what with you at howl o scream this year . ^_^ 
8 ) you mean so much to me . I love you to death and I would die for you . You are a great friend and you make lakeland so much fun . Your a great wifey <3 
369 ) we have had a bummpy ride . We've had good and bad times . Your like a sister me and it sucks we never talk anymore because were never on myspace the only place we would talk unless we were fighting . I'm glad I met you . And I hope we can be friends still . 
77 ) baby girl where do I start ? Your so pretty even tho you don't see it . Your a great friend and that smile is so cute on you . I've seen you at your worest and best and I love you to death . Your simply amazing . 
0227 ) your so cute ! You have an epic personality and you can really cook . You made sitting in the green room fun as hell just chillin before we closed . I'm really glad I did catacombs and I got to met you . 
099 ) I really miss hanging out in the eba with you . Your really funny and super cool . You made me want to be like I want to work apollo ! The water balloon fight was epic , and by far I'm am really glad I got to met you , you are awesome !!! 
256 ) your a bitch , my bitch . Haha nah , your really cool , and have a twisted sence of hummor . You made last year a blast . And thanks for the hot chocolate , I was only messing with you haha . Thank you for being my friend . 
Dear box of chocolates , I may not be able to see you , but if you don't talking all this smack I will EAT YOU ALL ! Exepct for the coconut , you can live . Yours truly megans sweet tooth . 
< PROPFIRST > !! You should send them . (: 
2468 ) Girl , you are so cute and so much fun ! I had so much fun with you in Floyds with you . I miss you like crazy !!! Your an awesome friend and a great person . I love you . 
122122122 ) You made Lakeland a blast . You are smart , you just don't do work . You have an amazing way of thinking . I miss you . You made giving Wodley hell so much fun !!! ^_^ SUGAR RUSH DAY !!!! 
-355872)MY ICE CREAM BUDDY !!! You are the most random , crazy , fun and outgoing person I have ever met . No converstaion with you has EVER been boring . You are so awesome . and I really miss the bus rides with you !! 
676 ) Your really chill . I don't know you that well , but I'm glad I met you . 
21 ) Mr Emo < PROPMALE > bear . You are so funny when you do talk . haha You are so cool , super chill . 7th block with you was so much fun . and human janga was AWESOME !! Thank you for being my friend and sorry i would bug the hell out of you . I miss your crazzy butt !! 
1115 ) To start this off : I really don't know you that well , but what i can tell that you are really chill and really cool . and you became awesome when I saw you had a shinney Charizard for your photo . 
6666789)You are my partener in crime , my jail mate . We have seen the WORST and seen the BEST ! You have been there for me threw a lot . I'm gonna miss having you at work and in va . But I know your gonna go do better things . I love you to death and I'm so glad im friends with you !! I love you to the < PROPFEMALE > and back . 
420 ) My favorite fat man !!! You are so funny !! You are so awesome and really chill . You really was the reason why I din't skip out on that supid woman's class . You ahve style . I miss you so much !!! 
9-Your really cool . Pretty funny . I don't know you all that well , but what i can tell your a good friend and a cool person . You just confuse me sometimes . 
This smile I wear is made by you . 
I really miss < PROPMALE > . I think this means I should go back to school . 
I love the movie \Grown Up's\ " just saying . " 
42 ) You are an awesome person . I MISS MY FAT BOY !!! Your one of my closest friends , Your really funny and the second biggest man whore around . I'm glad you found love with Domo . 
0470 ) Chicka , you are amazing . Your funny and witty . You have a good head on your shoulders , and really cool . I just wish I got to talk to you more in school . Thank you for putting up with my random poping in . haha 
5433 ) you are really cool . Super cute and sweet . I'm glad I met you threw your two best friends . ^_^ 
Really wants some Hot Chocolate right about now . 
color my world pretty . 
Mission for the day : Get some \in park\ " Hot Chocolate !!! (: " 
13 ) your awesome I had a blast with you during prom . Your really cool and a fun person . 
365 ) my original big brother !!! You made summers so much fun ! You are so cool , sweet , caring and awesome . I miss you so much !!! I love you . 
592 ) You made this summer so much fun . You are so sweet , the sweetest person I have ever met . Your really fun . I really glad I met you ^_^ 
Life is just one big joke . And I am the ring master . 
Dear comedy central , I have to be up in like six hours ... thank you for putting on my favorite movie when it's bed time . No sleep , < PROPFIRST > and silent < PROPMALE > is more important . 
I take back all the stuff I have said about snuggies ... they are so warm !! 
First aid guy man my night . Reading maxim on his break . You have me weak . 
( 267 ) so before we go on this mission how reliable are you for bailing people out of jail ? 
\I think we should Duck Tape the Ornaments to the tree and be done with it . Remember ' make it easy ' . \"" 
Mission accomplished . 
Really wants to have a bonfire and make some smores while drinking some nice hot chocolate ! (: 
Every word that has ever fallen out of your lips where lies . 
Lets put a smile on that face ! 
You'll never be alone . When darkness comes I'll light the night with stars . 
We know nothing in life is perfect , then why do we still spend our lives looking for something that is perfect ?? I just don't get it . 
Smile , Your still alive . No matter how bad thing get , just smile and thank god your alive . ( this is what I tell myself ) 
Evil plan set into play . Wish me luck ! (: 
Thanks mom . Now I'm in \cleaning mode\ " gonna try and attack my room . Wish me luck . haha " 
No ! You'll never be alone ! When darkness comes I'll light the night with stars . <3 
Lets go to the beach !! 
I wish I had some pop corn right about now . (: 
Your life is how YOU make it out to be , make it out to be good . You only get one . 
What kinda of choas can we create tonight ? Let's do this ! (: 
Dear god , please make this night not suck ... ughhhhh . I'm done with all this drama . 
Every day brings something new . 
I ate the chicken :( 
Your the first thing and the last thing I think of everyday . All I can say is : I miss you . 
POKE ] me if u ever had a crush on me .. \ 
[ LIKE ] this if u think imma good friend .. \ 
[ MESSEGE ] me if u ever wanted to date me .. \ 
[ COMMENT ] if we share any memories now lets see whos brave enough to repost ? 
I've seen < PROPFEMALE>'s funniest home videos !! I don't trust these animals !!! 
You know what : fuck all the drama , the bull shit , the morons , the dumb ass , and all the other bad crap . I'm sick of it . I'm not letting you guys get me down any more . I'm gonna have a good time . I don't care what you say about it . After all girls just want to have fun . :P 
Does anyone know who to call or ask for a copy of a Florida birth certificate ?? I need to get a permit and I lost my other one . 
Is in a really playfull mood . Its kinda weird , haven't been like this in a while . Haha . 
You are my greatest strength , you are my greatest weakness . 
So just got tripped by the dog . He stepped on my snuggie as I was trying to go down the steps . haha Note to self : Don't wear the snuggie backwards ! Oh and < PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone . 
is waiting on it to snow so i can tie dye my yard . Tell then Epic Micky !! 
FUCK THIS GOD DAMN PHONE !!! THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I WANT TO THROW THIS STUPID ASS PHONE !!!!!! Fucking droid . 
Fuck your snow man ! My snow Turtle is better !!! 
Go ahead , show me who's boss and delete me from your facebook . That'll show me !! (: 
Have a good life . I wash my hands of you and your negativity . Good day , I said GOOD DAY ! 
That butt munch ate all the cookies !!!! ): 
Oh god . My road is iced over ! Still heading up to work ... god please watch over us today . 
Looking back , It really is crazy how so much can change in just one year . I will be lying if I said I wasn't looking forward to what 2011 will bring . 
Why do I always check my phone when I know I never got a text ? Hopeless , < PROPFEMALE > , hopeless ... 
Just smile . Your still living . Just smile . Things will be better . Just smile . You are loved . Just smile . Just smile . 
I think it's time to change . (: 
Rednecks amuse me . haha (: 
Afv how I love thee . <3 
Does anyone know any good temp . Agency's ?? Or where you go to aply for a FAFSA ?? or a place with scholarships ??? 
You are my last thought as I fall asleep each night , you are my first thought ever morning . Babe you mean a lot to me . 
I can no longer send text . So if you text me and I don't text back that is why . if you need me , Just facebook me . -_- 
No matter what everything is going to be alright , Life is just one big joke . I mean after all no one gets out alive . <3 
\A\ " is for Awesome ! And hun I'm an \ " A\ " (: " 
Epic < PROPFIRST > time !!! I WILL kick this games ass ... stupid mouse ! 
oh my god !!! Mentos + Diet soda = pixie sticks + wine cooler .... LIFE LEASON !! 
Yet again Lakeland's ghetto asses is on the news ! BUT NOT FOR DRUGS !! Thanks for the change . Way to step up the classiness . 
All I have to say is , god I really miss him right now . <3 
Causing Chaos is just in my nature . I'm crazy , I love the mayhem . 
I just found a sharpie !!! ohhhh the possibilities just one pen can do . :DD 
I'll make my stand , right here with my friends . 
If you could have any superpower , but you can only have one , what would it be ? * yes < PROPFIRST > I took your status * =P 
I suddenly want to watch Resident Evil movies . 
Fuck my life . I just made it so I can't log onto facebook anymore . Way to fuck yourself over < PROPFEMALE > . -_- 
\I've never seen a smile that can light the room like yours . \"" 
Having Facebook set to Pirate is so AWESOME ! And rather amusing . (: 
\You had me at hello\ " by a day to remember . <3 " 
Epic < PROPFIRST > for the win !! <3 
This is my lame status update on how much I miss my boyfriend . 
* palmface * 
\Keep your hopes up high and your head down low \"- a day to remember . " 
\If you knew you where gonna lose your leg tomorrow would you sit on the couch and cry about it or will you run and jump and do awesome air kicks ? \"" 
\What the hell do you think you're doing ? \"- gilbert \ " watching midgets . \"- kyle . \ " Get you're monkey ass outside ! \"- gilbert . " 
:D 
I really feel like their is nothing wrong in the world right now . I am that mellow right now , and it is awesome !! (: 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Peterson I want Tropical Smoothie now . haha and so does she . :P 
I just saw the time \ 11:11 \ " I have nothing to wish for . All I need is his love and I'm set for life . We will make it work !! <3 " 
Dear CeCe Tharps , Boo today your journey starts . You are going to do great things ! I love you and I hope you will be safe . My heart goes out to you . Go kick some ass in school boo . Send me pictures !! (: 
Looking threw old pictures , remembering all the good times and a few bad . All the old faces , and some of the new faces . Time is a funny thing . It really is . 
Phones a paper weight again , oh yea ! 
I hope you know , I miss you . I love you to death , I would do anything for you . You make my world go round , and even though you're not by my side ... you will always be in my heart . I love you Rylee < PROPFIRST > . <3 
I will take over the world ... Just wait and see , which world I take over ! (: 
It's so funny how life works . Fate thank you for being so kind to me . 
\Regardless of warnings the future doesn't scare me at all . \ " <3 " 
If you love me , comment this status . \ 
If you think I am a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
If you hate me , message me why . \ 
If your not scared , post this on your wall and see what you get . 
Nags head ? I think so . haha (: 
Has lil < PROPMALE>'s Green and yellow stuck in my head . Fuck it lets go green and yellow !!! 
Dear Steelers , Step up your game . This is getting boring . -_- 
Finally going to DMV tomorrow to try and get my permit . Sigh . Time to study up some . haha 
I got my permit (: 
For the record , I have the best boyfriend . K so enough ladies . Haha (: 
Is a Knight of the round table . (: 
Stressed . Looking up ideas them I'm gonna paint this white hat , draw up a few tattoos and paint the dresser . 
Why do we celebrate a holiday we know nothing about ?? 
Just roll the dice and have some faith . 
(: smile for life is good , hey at least you're alive :) 
Road trip . <3 my boyfriend is gonna met my baby <3 
Is very grateful . <3 
If tomorrow never comes , I hope you know how much I love you . 
Just made my boyfriend relapse into playing video games again , Good girlfriend award goes to ... someone else . haha 
Strawberries <3 
Why can't people just leave the past in the past ? No they just have to bring back all the hurt . If its in the past that means I don't want it in my future . So drop it already !!! 
Banana , I mean < PROPFEMALE > ... Yea < PROPFEMALE > hahaha 
1 ) I think some people just need to grow up and be an adult . and 2 ) I think I'm gonna save up and buy a tattoo gun , ink and fake skin . Hell why not . (: 
Everyday is a gift . Live each one like theres no tomorrow and forget about yesterday . 
So putting off any and all tattoos , tattoo gun stuff and unneeded bs . For a little bit ... I need to save up for this truck !!! <3 
Dearest mother nature , SUCK IT !!! Xoxo the females of the world . 
If you ever want to make god laugh , just tell him your plans . (: 
Found something new out this morning . The ghost busters cartoon has an ape in it . Never knew that ... I'm so late ! >.< 
:D finally next week I get to go to work ! 
Kids with special needs aren't weird or odd . They only want what anyone else wants ... to be accepted . Can i make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Do this in honor of all children and adults made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it . 
So today is fat Tuesday aka Mardi Gras . Next year so going to new Orleans . And of course tomorrow is ash Wednesday , gonna give up Facebook for lent . 
Broke lent . FAIL !!! 
But I need Tacos ... I need them or I will explode . That happens to me sometimes ! I <3 Gir . 
Sonic and knuckles for the Sega < PROPFEMALE > is still bad ass and so much fun :D 
Next pay check I'm getting a tattoo starter < PROPFEMALE > . I really want to start tattooing . 
Festa rides tomorrow . Its gonna be fun ... cause I'll make it fun !! (: Haha 
Dear Verizon , if this is your April fools prank on us ... you're not funny . No hugs and kisses , A very disappointed customer . 
Is really sick of chidish ass people . FOR THE LOVE OF GOD ACT YOUR AGE PEOPLE !! 
Job searching wensday . Does anyone know ANY place that's hiring in suffolk or Chesapeake ?? 
Who needs a gym when you work at Busch gardens ?? 
