what's on my mind ? well I don't know , i guess just what i'm typing now . 

why is facebook probing my mind ? i told u i dnt kno !!!! 
everybody sounds depressed , so i will 2 , oh im so sad :'( 
saw avatar for < PROPFEMALE > 2nd time , tis a very good movie :) 
GUESS WHAT ?.... Once you start reading this you can not stop or something very bad will happen to you(what happen to me ) . I am 10 years old i died today at 11:00 . I was hit by a car . I have very many scars . I am invisible so you can not see me !! If you dont post this on 10 statuses you will die in the middle of the night tonight !!! If you dont do this you will die !!! YOUR DEATH TIME STARTS ....... NOW sorrrrry No SEND BACks 
dreams r falling without the courtesy of calling it rain 
omnomnom !!!! 
just played don't shoot the puppy , luckily , i didn't shoot the puppy 
:P bla bla bla !!!! i wnt pizza ! 
at my dads house , tis rly dirty , i feel grody . 
went snow mobilin wit my dad . snow mobi < PROPFEMALE > id < PROPFEMALE > d in < PROPFEMALE > woods . dads in jeep gettin it out o ' < PROPFEMALE > woods . ): 
weekend , happy (: 
bla , bla , bla . rly bored ..... 
im very bored , very , very , bored . :/ 
compassionate towards lobsters . i mean , come on , u put em in the boiling water , head first , alive ! :'( 
with wht ??? 
so , u give me anything i wnt , but when i ask 4 something BASIC , its on , apparently . 
fan-freackin-tastic ! ( sarcasm ) 
goin bowling later , seein a concert . grades r good , friends r plentiful , internets available , life's good . 
saw the concert , went bowling till ' 11:45 , got pulled over by the cops , crazy saturday night . 
On the framshous day I will futter wagon , vigorously . 
apparently , im religious , conservative , and tired . Do i really give off that attitude ? 
popcorn kernels ALL over < PROPFEMALE > bed . 
so lets get this straight , there are an infinite amount of mebrane universes curled up in every point of space in the eleventh demension , and every possible outcome of your life has happened in one of those infinite universes , savvy ? 
DREADING going back to school monday .... = p but , at least im back home from up north ! cleaned that place a bunch ..... dad promised he'd keep it clean .... but i don't know .... 
im tired and im hungry and im a bit confused ....... my hair's frizzy and my shirts ripped and i just want 2 eat some biscuits and gravy =] 
short shorts + AFV + computer = happy livi . 
going to a movie later , having medeoker time now , school 2morrow , blach . 
its hard making conversation when half the people in your grade are yet to reach your intellectual level . 
nothing 2 do , at aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s , gettin chickens 2 morrow !!!! 
if i get one more farmville request i will poison ur crops and slaughter ur livestock . 
so excited 4 9:00 !!!! into the universe with < PROPFIRST > Hawking !!!! fun ....! 
sick , not at school , bored , hungry , need more advil ! 
at my dads ! huge hottub ! 
can i just punch all racists ? wouldn't that be nice ? 
its 11:11 make a wish ! 
21 days till the band trip :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
night club hottub !!!!! ( disco music ) 
drugs- worst idea ever , it makes u dumb , it makes you dull , and it most certainly DOESN'T make you \cool \"" 
i gots a boo boo .... but , it should be better since i kissed it =) 
absolutely nothing makes me happier than watchin phillyd , even in nsfw . 
i have nothing to say , but , if u vote 4 me , all of ur wildest dreams will come true . ~ pedro 
is it wrong that i consider myself one of the exceptional few ? 
want 2 see kick ass even more now that iv'e seen snipets of the comics on you tube . it looks SOOOOOOOO B.A. 
i have a crazy idea . so crazy , its possible . i dnt know wht u all will think if i make it happen . just know im not insane . 
i don't know if i have the guts 2 do it , but it feels right . if i want 2 make a difference , maybe i should < PROPFEMALE > out my crazy plan . but what if i get hurt , what if i DIE ? 
i think im crazy now . now im sure of it . 
very uneventful day/ weekend . but , itll pass soon . 
i don't want to just sit around and , exist . i want to DO something , i want to use these years ! 
i have nothing 2 say today , and i'm sick of that feeling . 
theres nothing to do , and the children r over :/ 
im such a geek , more than the typical . 
a blank piece of paper is beautiful to me :) 
goin 2 the movies with < PROPFIRST > 2morrow , Kick Ass here we come ! p.s. , im paying :( 
Fire be the energy , jesus come and swindle me :) 
always something comin ' u can hear it in the ground , it swells into the air with the rising , rising sound , and never comes but shakes the boards and rattles all the doors . what are we waiting for ? 
WHERES MY I MESH !!!!!!!! WHAT HAPPENED TO IT !!!!!!!! > = [ 
Band trip Saturday ! Gone be lots o ' fun !!!! 
i feel like a vegetable , sort of like , broccoli . ever felt like that ? is it just me ? 
BAND TRIP SATURDAY !!!!! WHOOP ! = P 
Cant wait 4 the band trip 2morrow ! Its gone be lots o fun :) 
couldn't even im . agine going to school today , so tired , aaaaaaahhhhhh . 
fancy fancy fancy day , in day glo :) 
I gots a pool n ur zealous jealous ! ooooooooooooooh ( burn ) 
i feel better knowing i've saved a life from the awful death of drowning :) 
ive had a good day 2day , n thats kind o rare 4 me :) 
small children are making their presence known at my house , most of them accompanied by young mothers with a lack of experience . to complement this , the cable isn't working in my living room , i think i'll divert power from the internet :) 
I AM SO ANGRY AND SO IRRATIBLE AND SO ANNOYED I FEEL SORRY FOR ANYONE WHO CROSSES MY PATH !!!!!!!! AAAAAAAAHHHH !!!! @#$*&% 
oh stylo , go forth < PROPFEMALE > in your soul , when u know your heart is light , electric is the love :) 
can we have 1 , maybe 2 more days of school ? just so i can say goodbye to everybody ? i dont know what im gonna do without you guys :/ 
lets sit back and watch the sky , it'll be like this for a while . 
i just enabled a thingy on my personality so all of u can answer a questionnare about me ! i would be very much obliged if you took it ! 
seriously , just look in my links and take the quiz thingy . it'll make my day mk ? 
Im much more deep and interesting than people seem to perceive me to be . The one person who took my quiz ( WHICH U SHOULD ALL STILL TAKE ! ) said i was enthusiastic and bubbly when really , i love lying and i hate people :) 
6 MINS 11 SEC . ON TETRIS D !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GOLD METAL SCORE ( IM NUMBER 6 ON THE LEADER BOARD !!!!!!! 
What hope is there , if any , for the gulf coast ? What is going to happen ? This is awful , worse than a catastrophe , more harshly punishable than an accident . 
Do you have any < PROPFEMALE > syrup human beatbox ? 
I just got reminded how badly i want to see Kick-Ass . it should be out on dvd soon . 
Storm passed us , wanted to see it , upset :( 
going to the beach , happy as a clam <3 
I'm torn , completely in two :( 
I haven't < PROPMALE > out with any of my friends yet this summer , I ache for a sleep over and a movie marathon :/ 
Dear Dad , Just because u put it in the fridge , doesn't mean it can't mold . 
I still can't believe im going into 8th grade , u all r lying to me . 
I'm celebrating today day . Happy today day , in fact , it's today . Don't act so surprised , i saw it on ur calendar . <3 
Cuz ' u are my medicine when you're close to me <3 
I think that all the people who joke about nazis and call black people the n word like it's funny , should really brush up on there history , that stuff is nothing to kid about . 
Found a way to socialize , even up north !!! 
Bonjourno . 
< PROPFIRST>'s microwave speeks french , bon appetite <3 
I am < PROPFIRST>'s surprised confusion . 
is longing for a friend who doesn't want to talk about texting or guys or movies or anything trivial like that . Doesn't anyone think anymore ??? 
Haven't < PROPMALE > out with anbody but < PROPFIRST > this summer , any takers ?? 
August 3rd here i come !!!! 
I have a super good feeling about this year ! Excited , most certainly . 
Excited to see my bro 2morrow , excitede 2 go shopping next week , excited 2 see < PROPFIRST > friday . generally- EXCITED !!!!!! 
IM BLONDE AGAIN !!!!!!! <3 
OK SOBE LIFE WATER ! NEXT TIME I WIN SOMETHING , IT BETTER NOT BE ANOTHER SOBE ! that was a HUGE rip off >:( 
Wow < PROPFEMALE > , now my mom has now idea how she's going to get the money 4 those 20 hours u cost her 4 no reason . But hey , how were u supposed 2 know where we were right ? i thought < PROPFIRST > was so smart , why didn't she know ? Anyway , if i had been in the room when it happened , i probably would've slapped u uncontrolably . Rot in hell\ 
~ Olivia 
Im going to scream i miss everybody sooooooo much i cant wait 4 school just cuz i wnt 2 see everybody ! 
When yallz gonna go get yallz picter taken ?????? I'n ecsited 4 Friday fo sho ( tats when I'n goin :P ) 
NEW CLOTHES !!! LOOK PRETTY !!! YARG ! 
Ok , heres my school info , locker # 155 classes-\ 
1 algebra 8 owen\ 
2 L.A. 8th grade Radoye\ 
3 Band Hill\ 
4 Science 8th Hubbard\ 
5 Soc . St. 8th Baker\ 
6 Res/Spn (?) Briggs\ 
Bye the way , whts res/spn ???? 
No movies , unless , can u drive ? 
Im a secret nerd , it happens . 
Football game 2night . Not going . Not upset . 
Okay , this year is our last year in SMS , and nobodys too cool to do anything , so at Jamfest , you better dance , and you better dance good . 
IM NOT FRIENDS WIT < PROPFIRST > , ANYMORE !!! 
hide ur kids , hide ur wife , hide ur kids , hide ur wife , and hide ur husband cuz they are rapin errybody out there . <3 
Mad about VMAs , lady gaga won , like , everything . On the bright side , MGMT nominated 4 best rock video , and Deadmau5 dg'd :) 
You have no idea the real threat behind arevueir . 
Just found out when Degrassi returns , feel cliche , but i can't help it <3 
LOST MY BOOK , SPECIALS IN THE HALLWAY AT SCHOOL . ITS NOT MINE ITS THE < PROPFEMALE > LIBRARY'S , IF YOU'VE SEEN IT , STOLEN IT , OR TURNED IT IN PLEASE TELL ME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > the movie , SOOOOO funny !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
CEDAR POINT NEXT YEAR , WITH < PROPFIRST > , AND THE WHOLE BAND , SOOOOOOOOO EXCITED :P 
Clean up on isle Jesus . 
Pj day ?????? YES !!!!!!!!! Best beleive :) 
To homecoming game , or not to homecoming game , that is the question . 
< PROPFEMALE > tails always end up with people getting married , marriage is so serious , they like , just met , grab a coffee , hangout , talk it over a bit first , mkay ? 
I'm bored , and boring . 
Ok , im havin this b-day partay , nov 12 , i hate passing out invitations so if u want to come to the partay just send me a message , and if i want u to come over , ill send u back a message and the details 4 the party when i get that all worked out :) 
Peas and carrots ? 
Haunted hayride anyone ?????? 
I have a feeling Monster High is going to be my new guilty pleasure :) 
Im absolutely sure that school has been canceled 4 my birthday :) 
Leave me alone fortune cookie and new ads !!!!!! 
The crabs are lost on the beach ! Catch them and u get a free $500 deduction from your bank acount !!! 
I don't want to brag or anything , but ............... TOMORROWS MY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My b-day has tought me 2 things , paranormal activity 2 is the scariest movie in forever , and margaritas are delicious :) 
Got a new Mp3 playa !!!!!! Touch screen awesomeness . 
Soooooooo excite 4 < PROPMALE > potter at midnight , cant hardly contain it !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
HAAAAAAAPPPPPPYYYYYYYY BIIIIIRRRRRRRRRRTTTHHHDAAAAAAYYYYYYYYY ! you're 13 , so how about that ; you're 13 , you have a crippled cat ; you're 13 , that's where it's at ; 13 13 THIIIIIRRRRRRRRRRRTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNN-NUH !!!! ( set to music , it's really not as cheesey ) ( well , yes , it actually is ) have fun today ! \ 
\ 
I just had to see it again :) love u < PROPFIRST > 
I most definately am not changing my profile pic to a cartoon , sorry , but no . 
Holla back , holla back , holla back . 
gettin real bored o ' facebook . 
< PROPFIRST > , it's unfortuanate that you made a video about uniformitarianism . 
Facebook , now my background is packmen , and I didn't do it ....... Que ? 
Two snow days in a row ???? I think so :) 
Can we just block my black hair times out of our memories please ????? thanksssss . 
So i definately love christmas , my new chair , video camera , design studio , gel pens , pad o ' paper , giraffe cup , pillow , blanket , gift cards , money , box w/ lock , canvas , pomegranate mints , < PROPFEMALE > , coat , and probably lots o ' other stuff , but i can't remember it now , isn't that sad ????? 
is now a proud owner of Plastic Beach which is , by the way , the best album ever created by anyone , ever . If i was a different album , i would just forget about platinum . 
Trying to think of something interesting as my status , not workin out so well , I murdered that math test though ! Haha . 
Up North is boring , so im chillin at the Luzerne Express . Nice , right ?? 
Extremely bored , got a new computer , and a coke zero at the gas station ....... Raise the roof . 
