Currently wondering why on earth her meal plan assumes that she skips meals on weekends 

waiting for homework to magically do itself ... not much success yet 
8:30 class ? Naptime ? It's probably one or the other ... zzzz ... 
Decided to pursue love IRL instead of over the internet for a change . It worked out about the same anyways . 
for some reason , computer is 10x as distracting as video games . Going to watch people play video games so I can finish my Calculus homework already 
is becoming increasingly frustraited with the inability of 90% of people her own age and gender to hold a conversation on a single topic long enough for it to actually become interesting . 
Rainy days are good for doing homework ~ Much less temptation to frolic 
why are 99% of the quizzes that i get referred to after completing one like \What kind of prostitute are you ? \ " It kinda pisses me off ... " 
compulsively organizing friends into groups . Does it make a difference to anyone but me ? 
got her first ever #1 online in osu ! only to find out that no one cares :'( 
is going to be performing onstage in about two hours ... brb having a nervous breakdown T_T ; 
Friday = sacred time when homework does not matter and you can enjoy yourself ~ <3 
Just watched her computer go over limits . How on earth does something take up 140% of cpu that normally uses closer to 40% 
shouldn't be on facebook when she has homework she is utterly failing to concentrate on . whoops ... 
got her test back only to find out that she made the same stupid mistake on every single problem and thus did not do nearly as well as she thought she had :'( 
WIFOM is win 
Hell week coming up and I'm already ( sort of ) behind . I'd best get to work ASAP 
loves aleatory music ~ Its so much fun to write ! 
Latin has some of the best insults of all . time . 
is vaguely wondering what the rest of her hall does while she is downstairs . 
went into fangirl mode about a new favorite pairing for Ouran Host Club ~ Haruhi x Kasanoda forever :D 
What should I be for Halloween ? 
hates Calculus with a fiery passion 
Why do the children run away when i walk down the hallway ? All I asked was if they would like to pet my skull ... 
is very frightened of her upcoming Calculus test 
:) Thank you guys for all of your wonderful birthday wishes that I just now was able to check ~ <3 College life is so busy D8 
I never go online here anymore . 
Just found out that the channel that is supposed to be showing Lost RIGHT NOW is all static-y and silent . Now she can't even watch Lost , let alone share it with anyone ... 
Welcome to summer\ 
Its hot outside , so sunny\ 
Makes pruning hard work 
For some strange reason , waiting for something to happen doesn't actually make it happen any faster ... if anything , the opposite . 
Almost done surviving finals , yayyyyy 
<3 Thanks for the birthday well wishes everyone ! I <3 you all ~ 
