It is HOT !!! 

bored ! 
Loving my new iPhone 4 !! 
Just found two poor , dead little frogs in the pool skimmer ! < PROPFEMALE > - at least they won't be swimming with you anymore ! :) 
At a scary 1950s , < PROPFEMALE > Lake-like resort place ... You know < PROPFEMALE > lake as in < PROPFIRST > ! Why can't the state department afford nicer places for us to stay ???? That's what I get for working in public education I guess . 
Is AT&T 3G now in Quapaw ? My iphone says 3G . It seems faster . Anyone else say that ? Or is my iPhone jacked up ? 
Wishing everyone a Happy and Safe Thanksgiving day !!! 
EAT for EDUCATION\ 
Tuesday , January 18 , 4 to 9 p.m. Dine at Stonehill Grill from 4 to 9 p.m. on Tuesday , January 18 , and 10% of sales for the evening will be donated to Rockdale Elementary . Encourage your family and friends to come support your school . Last year , the program raised over $ 1,500 for area schools . \ 
Come EAT for EDUCATION ! 
Well ... We have started packing stuff up to move . Haven't even made a dent in this house but have many many boxes full already . This is not going to be fun !!! 
Trying to get the kids to clean up the playroom is like trying to make fire from ice !!! 
Dine at Stonehill Grill from 4 to 9 p.m. on\ 
Tuesday , January 18 , and 10% of sales for\ 
the evening will be donated to Rockdale\ 
Elementary . Encourage your family and friends\ 
to come support your school . Last year , the\ 
program raised over $ 1,500 for area schools . \ 
Wishes I would have brought some firewood in . A fire sounds good . Too bad it is covered in snow now !!!! :( 
Well ... Peanut butter really does get gum out of hair !!! Learned the hard way . No more gum for < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Has cabin fever !!! 
Thanks to everyone for all the bday wishes !! 
What the snow storm taught me ... Buying groceries and eating at home costs just as much , if not more , than eating out !!!! 
Hey Rockdale parents , I just received a call from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > studios and we are not having pics tomorrow . Please pass along ... I know it is late and I apologize . 
Miami folks ... No school tomorrow . Parent teacher conferences will be rescheduled and still out Friday as planned . Have a warm and safe weekend !! 
Playing outside with the kids ! It's a beautiful day . 
Needs to be inside working on his dissertation , but there is always tomorrow !!! 
Moving is not fun !!! Well , the packing part anyway !!! 
Most of our large stuff is moved and we are spending first night in our new house !!! Moving is not fun . Thanks to all our wonderful friends and family who helped out today , we appreciate it !!! 
Does anyone know if there are any 3 year old tball teams in Miami ? Callin really wants to play this year . He will be 4 in May . 
Almost have everything put where it goes . Just a few more boxes in the garage . Tomorrow going to tackle getting the hot tub going . Wish us luck !! 
I forgot how nice it is to live in town !! Going to walmart is no longer a cross-country endeavor . :) 
We can park the navigator in the garage now ! Thats a huge milestone !! Now just need to get the rest of the stuff unpacked so we can fit the truck in there too . 
Thursday almost there , but Friday , Friday ... 
