I finally did it ! I signed up for facebook to look up some job information , and found myself really popular with friend requests . I decided to explore the facebook world while watching the NCAA basketball games . Being a Duke fan , I am happy to be watching the games . 

Well now that I am officially on facebook , what shall we write about . I am thrilled that Duke made it to the finally four ! As far as the family contest goes , Gabbie and I are ahead of < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . We have unofficially won , by at least one point . 
what's with the word limit - ugh , this so doesn't work for me ! 
Duke won the NCAA championship ! Yeah ! 
We had a great double header soccer game yesterday ! Beautiful weather , happy players , and we are still undefeated . One more to go , and we get two months of rest to prepare for coaching two teams . 
Doing good today ! < PROPFIRST > will be officially employed tomorrow . We only had two weeks left of unemployment . Now if I could only find something part time . 
One of our neighbors was murdered a few days ago by her son . It is really disturbing and sad . The woman was in her 70s and has lived in the area for years . 
Had a great interview yesterday for an employment consultant/counselor position . Hopefully will have another interview Monday . 
I have a second interview on Monday . Yay ! Should know by that evening if I am employed or get the summer off . 
I think the interview went well . The people in the panel were great . It is always a bit strange being the focus of so many questions . Now just waiting and waiting and waiting . 
I am officially employed now . Feeling a bit shocked , and happy . They even negotiated the hours so I can work part time :) 
C < PROPFEMALE > e in plans . I start work tomorrow . Great day to < PROPFEMALE > out at home , and bring out the baby pool . I am hoping to get the big pool up this weekend even if its cold ! 
Ready for round 2 of the World Cup . Go USA . Not sure whether to vote for Germany or England .... hmm . I am leaning towards Germany . 
Great camping and concert adventure . Finally got to see my favorite band Switchfoot ! Now back to work tomorrow . 
I just got my first job placement ( helping someone with a disability find work ) . Pretty cool being part of this proces and watching someone gain skills and confidence . 
Had two great soccer games yesterday ! Great group of girls and supportive parents . Look forward to more of the same ! 
Busy day saying goodby to our family in London , and 2 difficult soccer games . The girls all did great . Way to go Cougars and Flaming Rubber Duckies of Doom . 
My brain is fried . Having a hard time working when my brain and body are constantly shutting down . The coffee isn't working either . Ugh . 
Great day yesterday with family and friends . < PROPFIRST>'s soccer team had some great teamwork and < PROPFIRST > scored a goal . Gabbie played two games ( subed for < PROPFIRST>'s team ) with great stamina and ball control and her team kept going in the heat . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > came to watch and have DQ , and < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > came over for < PROPMALE > night . My body is exhausted , but my spirit is alive :) 
Wow , Nothing like learning who gets up early to wish me a happy birthday . Thanks for the wishes . I started my celebration with a nice dinner at my sister < PROPFEMALE>'s house Sunday . Off to work , and soccer practice tonight . :) I feel happy to have great family and friends , and sad that my mother isn't here to celebrate . 
Thanks for all the warm wishes . We will celebrate more over the weekend . Tonight I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with some great kids so that will be fun . 
Great Game Aloha Warriers ! Way to be Champions . Grateful for ESPN3 ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone . I think this would be a good day to attempt some holiday baking before the celebrations . 
Looking for doctor recommendations near Aloha . My doctor is friendly and knowledgable , but hard to see and not too active . I need a doctor with a good understanding or < PROPFEMALE > to understand chronic pain . 
I just had an interview with a Time Magazine reporter . Hopefully I am chosen to be in the article on chronic pain ! 
Go Orange for Leukemia Week -- Change your profile pic to orange to raise awareness about this blood cancer . The goal is to change Facebook orange during 
Less than fiver weeks before soccer begins . Putting myself on a fitness plan , or I won't be able to keep up . Coaching keeps me in shape for sure ! 
Anyone able to recommend a good pharmacy ? Hagaans is closing , they had amazing people , knowledgable , consistent and helpful . 
