crushing on a boy and wishing he be at the same party on thursday 

I am so bored , can't wait for party 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is gone :( may he rest in peace 
party's poppin but can't stay for whole thing :( work at zoo tomorrow 
Leave for < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > in a week and freaking out because I still don't have a ride to the JFK airport 
Got a 3 on my ap english exam , yay , but the best part of my day was seeing the < PROPMALE > potter movie ! 
leaving for < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > on friday . 
I leave tomorrow morning for the airport to go to < PROPFEMALE > . Now I'm nervous . 
I am in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and it is wonderful ! 
I officially work today and it's not in the baths so I am so happy . 
Another pilgramage returned from < PROPFEMALE > a few days ago . One of the pilgrims received the news at the airport from his parents that his sister died in a car accident while he was in < PROPFEMALE > . May God be with them during this their time of need . 
FINALLY !!! < PROPFEMALE > and I have internet . It took forever to get our laptops but that's okay . We're happy . 
Was workin on a paper that's due tomorrow and then I went on Facebook , story of my life 
Tried walking to my class , but the rain and wind did not want me to go . 
Math final canceled and is to resheduled . Good because I need to study more , but that means i woke up at 6:30 am for nothing 
Chemistry is the worst subject in the world . I'll be lucky if I get a D 
Welcoming new years with a snow storm . Hope it dies soon so I can go party tonight 
First day back on campus and < PROPFEMALE > made italian chicken , broccoli w/ cheese , and rice . . . life is good 
First night alone and we have gained a new roomate on the other side of the suite . It's name is Tank and he has four legs , beady eyes , and is grey . . . life sucks at times . 
Made schedule just to change it to something else and now I have to change it back and classes are tomorrow , ugh 
loves her life 
Got service in my room , wonder how long that's going to last 
I love my life and the people in my life no matter how bad things get or how annoying those people can become . I guess not matter how much I whine and complain I have to thank God for them and if I had a choice to choose who my parents and family are I would choose the ones I have so I can live this life over again . 
So my computer at work had about twenty six viruses on it making it impossible for me to finish my work for the day . . . where's Isioma when you need him 
Good morning everyone ! Hope you have a wonderful day ! 
Snowing hard here in NY , no classes and no real option of leaving . What's a girl to do ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Simpson excuse me if I try to save your soul from the firey pits of hell . 
< PROPFEMALE > Simpson i'm bored and the food makes everything i smell make me feel nausous 
is in Tennessee with her brother , sister-in-law , and nephew who she hasn't seen in two years , she couldn't be happier . 
CHICAMAUGA !!!!!! 
My nephew and sister-in-law are so crazy , I love being here 
I put facebook in spanish let's see how long this lasts 
< PROPFEMALE > Simpson Shilea Pinkett < PROPFEMALE > has ricandar , she can spot a puertorican a mile away 
Flipping through channels when I noticed the power rangers show just starting , and not any power rangers , but the orginal original power rangers . Makes me happy to know good shows are still on 
< PROPFEMALE > Simpson chillin on the great lawn because it is so beautiful outside . 
< PROPMALE > just ran to home . One , nothing Mets , THIS IS A GAME OF A LIFE TIME !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This game has been going on for six hours and twenty minutes and still going . Unbelievable . 
2 TO 1 METS WINNING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MAN THIS IS SO AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE GOTTA WIN , WE JUST GOTTA 
This game started at 4:10 and has lasted 20 innings . Now at 11:08 the game is over and METS WON !!!!!!!!!!!!!! That is a baseball game . 
Suite 303 is fool of insane people who need to be visited by the people with the butterfly nets ( I'm one of them ) . 
Finals are next week , I just gotta suffer one more week and then I get to go HOME !!!!! Yay me ! Real food , my own bed , my own room , my bathroom , AND NO DIRTY PEOPLE !!!! A girl can't ask for anything more , oh wait , a car , I want a car . 
The girls are arguing about who brought in our new roommate , < PROPFIRST > , in . They are complaing about he doesn't pay rent , gets free food ( cause he's eating theirs ) , and doesn't have to go to school . He's living the life . Life is suite 303 is never a bore . 
I will definetly have dorming next semester with < PROPFEMALE > Simpson next semester so we won't have to commute from CT to Queens , though our housing is in Manhattan while classes are in Queens . . . brightside the two of us can party longer and harder 
\Are you tired\ 
Belongings are getting picked up tomorrow , one step closer to being home for summerbreak . . . I need a job . 
< PROPFEMALE > Colon , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Burgos happy mother's day . Hope your kids do something wonderful for you ! 
I should be studying but I can't focus , no worries my final is tomorrow afternoon , I have time to study then after . . . HOME SWEET HOME . . . I just have to pack and take a bus , a train , and then another train home . 
Rice , beans , and chicken , this is what makes me miss home . Thank you for the meal daddy ! 
visited Beardsley Zoo today . I love that place it's so much fun . 
So I just got invited to prom by my best friend because her date may bail on her , lucky me I have two dresses : the expensive black one from < PROPMALE > prom and the white one that I was saving for my other best friend's birthday party . Choices , choices , guess I'm eanie , meanie , minie , moing it tonight on which dress . 
When I was a young girl my teacher once asked the class what would we choose if we had to choos between being blind or being deaf . Years later I can finally answer that question : I would be blind . Without sight I can truly see people for who they really are not judge them by how good looking they are or how wealthy they appear . What I see can fool me but what I hear is all truth . 
going to the zoo tomorrow and like always I'm excited . I love spending my day in the Beardsley Zoo , it never gets old . 
is happy < PROPFIRST > Mojito is back from his vacation . 
worked at the zoo from eight am to a little after ten pm . I'm exhausted and my feet are throbbing but man was it a good day . 
I mop just to end up with i splinter in my hand . Only me . 
Fantastic work day today can't wait for tomorrow ! 
misses Deven L ., Lexy < PROPMALE > , Kiah Lash , and the rest of suite 303 except < PROPFEMALE > Simpson because she lives right around the corner :) 
drove with my mother in the passenger seat with her yelling at me the entire time and telling me to slow down , I WAS BARELY GOING 20 
I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > for ten days . Departure is at the end of the month and I'm pretty excited . Had no idea I was going . Can't wait to go back to the place I love and feel closest to our Mother < PROPFIRST > . 
No matter how bad , or horrible , how lonely you feel at the end of the day family is there to make it all better just by saying they love you . 
Watchin Kangaroo < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFIRST > Mojito and my parents . Totally not awkward ! 
< PROPFIRST > Mojito owns me and i jus admitted it and he will forever 
Now watchin Killer Clowns from Outer Space with < PROPFEMALE > Simpson . How come everyone else dies when the get shot with the gun but the white girl just get's stuck in a bubble ? 
Hello everyone from < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My faith has been strengthened I return with a new hope and a new practice . The Holy Mother has been my comfort in < PROPFEMALE > and I shall continue on that path , finding God and strengthening my relationship with Jesus through the Virgin < PROPFIRST > . 
So the group was praying the rosary you know the whole five decades shabang . I fell asleep during the beginning of the third decade and woke up in the middle of the fourth , I think that's impressive since no one noticed . 
I had a revelation today . I have realized I cannot make someone convert nor can I make someone believe in God and accept him . I found God on my own time in my own way with the help of no one other than for transportation . So from now on I will pray for those who haven't found God but I'll do nothing else to assist them . They have to find him on their own like I did , but I will be waiting for them when they are ready . 
I made an Italian friend today , Giuse , and she's going to New York in March . I got to drop a class so I can take up Italian so I can talk more to her . 
Very weird question : Does anyone know what store sells lard ? 
Missin my big brother 
I have successfully made biscuits !!!!! 
Food for thought : Love is the world's greatest antidepressant so it's impossible to ever say your happy when you have no one to love or love you back . 
7.8% children is school are diagnosed with ADHD and put on medication . When I was a child parents just beat the kids instead of medicating them and we turned out just fine . 
Two hour naps make the world go round 
You know work was great when you come home smelling like every last animal you worked with :D 
Aunt got a splinter thanks to eashy off ! 
I got my mom to slap herself !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s gonna take the vcr player to work so she can play dvds ( hint the vcr doesn't play dvds ) 
Last day at the zoo and feeling pretty upset . I'm gonna miss them all !!!!! Especially the Best < PROPFIRST > 
Eating dinner with roommate and girls two doors down . We made a wonderful mean and they are having an interesting conversation . I thought they did a mentality check before they let someone in ? 
Got tickets for Lion < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > Simpson for the 15th . We excited . 
Quoting < PROPFEMALE > Simpson \Facebook is the devil ! \"" 
Sometimes life is so hectic we forget what really matters . All the problems we have take up our time making us neglect the things that are truly important . School , money , and love are important things in life but family means so much more . Whether family by blood or bond you have to remember they are the most important thing in you life and that they should never be forgotten . I love you all . 
I can't do chemistry I need a chemistry genius to be my savior . 
There is nothing greater in the world than a father ! 
The best way to remember what the organs in the human body produces is to remember what doesn't work in < PROPFEMALE > Simpson's body . 
I need to buy a new gi so I can do judo in school . One class and I'm already lovin the whole flipping people . 
Love is a constant thing , once you love somebody you will always love them . Sometimes anger can see past the love , sometimes the anger runs so deep that it will always see past the love but you'll never truly stop loving the person . And if you believe stop loving someone then you never loved them to begin with . 
listening to < PROPFEMALE > Simpson singing the Push-Pop theme song while Kiah Lash is singing the Pop-Tart theme song , and I'm the one that lacks sense ? love you girls 
After today I'm just going to forget medical school , go to graduate school , and then work for the government . Plan C is become a teacher . 
on my vanity 
My mother offered to make me ensalada de papa and I get mashed potatoes instead . Apparently it's the same thing ! 
Dollar bet with my father that I don't like the movie Machete . This is going to be interesting . 
Loving life 
Why is it always bad coffee with the breakfast specials ? Can't someone out there be nice and make a breakfast special with a cup of coffee you'd actually finish drinking without grimacing at every sip ? 
Hey family , love you ! 
I saw a fancy poodle walking down a fancy street with its fancy owner and I have realized something very important : my mother didn't lie , poodles are ugly . 
Lord , how come me helping find < PROPFEMALE > Simpson a prayer for < PROPFEMALE > requires me to pray for < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Life is like a roller coaster , it has it's ups and downs . Hopefully you have the right people on the ride with you so that when life goes down they are there with you and willing to wait until it goes back up . 
I hate Thanksgiving . Messed up on Brit's cake last now so planned on remaking it this morning , how come the kitchen is stocked with evaporated milk but we don't have condensed when I asked my mother to buy some yesterday ? And we don't have the apples to make the apple pie yet which means I need my mother to wake up so we can go shopping for these ingredients putting me behind in baking . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone , hope it's a joyous holiday for all 
There is nothing better than being reunited with your favorite pair of black heels 
At nineteen I can gamble with my life but I can't gamble with my money 
loves Deven L . more . 
Where's by Scooby Snack 
Apparently I'm an adork so says < PROPFEMALE > De Castro-Lopez which means I'm an adorable dork ! I'm alright with that . 
Remember the good old days when you wrote out your Christmas list and what you wanted miraculously appeared under the tree , those were the good old days 
So I get my Christmas gift and my father literally takes it out of my hands to play with it , how does that work ? 
should not be operating heavy machinery at this very moment 
My mother is sick and driving me crazy !!!!! 
Just spent an hour in lab check-in when it should have been twenty minutes to half an hour tops . I feel like I lost thirty minutes of my life for no reason whatsoever . 
I hate mornings 
I love my family 
Beauty of the skin isn't everything , beauty of the soul is the true gift . 
Morning classes = evil !!!!!! 
Had dinner with the ladies tonight and remembered why I came to care for them so much , they are fabulous ! 
doing nails and watchin a marathon of Criminal Mind with the girls , a perfect night to the end of the weekend . 
Books don't tell children that dragons exist , children already know they exist , books tell children they can be killed . 
Someone stole a three 3 1/2 foot alligator from a pet store , who the hell would steal an alligator !!! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone !!!! 
Three individual young men gave three older women roses one by one , who says chivalry is dead 
Ugh , sleepy . . . would anyone like to take my 7:40 am class for me , I'm not in the mood to deal with the professor who lectures far too long , don't wanna mix chemicals together , don't wanna do the calculation . I just wanna sleep . 
Had a wonderful night out with < PROPFEMALE > Simpson and Deven L . Danced with cute men , got molested and saved by the girls , and got a friend down from the bar after she hit her head on the ceiling fan . Great night girls , gotta do this again soon . 
I'm a being of love , whether you love me doesn't matter but know I do love you 
What makes you think I need you , or even want you ? I have my own baggage to < PROPFEMALE > and I don't need yours too . I got what I need , I got love , family , and a future . I don't need your love , I don't need you to be my family , and I don't need you to be in my future . So how about this , you go your way and I go mine and maybe one day , when you've grown up , we can pick up where we left off . Till then goodbye . 
< PROPFEMALE > Simpson is going to go home to get some fresh farm cow eggs and buy some chicken milk 
Sexual intercourse is a beautiful thing that should not be defiled by human urges . It should always be sought as a way to express true love . It should be held with high regards and not something just to do . You should never feel as if you have to have sex with someone or just feel like doing it because he/she is hot . First fall in love with someone before you decide to be physical with them . 
YOU AND I WAKE UP IN JAIL TOGETHER(Yeah right ) .... USING only 4 words , what would you say to me ? NOTE : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , So I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... and 4 words is hard to come up with ... 
I have a new phone and now have internet ! 
A fantastic day today . I passed both my micro exam and my micro lab exam with a solid B and found out the lab report I was rushing to finish isn't due till next week . What could make this day any better ? :D 
Okay mother dearest I won't get a tattoo , how about I suspend myself in the air by hooks going through my back ? * wink wink * 
Men in NY can't dance at all ! 
To everyone that said I wasn't goin to wake up , I went to bed at 4:15 and I still woke up to catch the 6:30 shuttle bus so I can go to my classes :) 
Thank you everyone who has wished me a happy birthday so far 
:( what a hideous day 
What is music ? 
It's horrible outside , I want good weather !!!! 
Go to lab at 7:40 in the morning , follow the procedure to the t just to Leave with a few Burns and no yield . I hate Thursdays 
It's one of those days where nothing goes your way and you just wanna scream at everyone and everything . Lord , please make this day end quickly . 
