mmm < PROPFEMALE > coke 

Im here 
O , I am out of breath in this fond < PROPMALE > ! The more my prayer the lesser is my grace . happy is hermia , whereso'er she lies , for sge hath blessed and attractive eyes . How came her eyes so bright ? not with salt if so my eyes are oftener wash'd than hers . no , no i am as ugky as a bear ; what wicked and dissembling glass of mine made me compare with hermia's spheryene ? 
who will not change a < PROPFEMALE > for a dove ? the will of man is by his reason sway'd; And reason says you are the worthier maid . Things growing are not ripe until their season ; so i being young , till now ripe not to reason ; And touchin now of human skill , reason becomes the marshal to my will , And leads me to your eyes 
What a dream was here ! I'll still be here . 
My Love is strenghten'd though more weak in seeming : I love not less the show appear ; That love is merchandiz'd whose < PROPMALE > esteeming . The owners tongue doth publish everywhere . Our love was new , And then but in the spring when I was wont to greet it with my lays ; as philomel in summers front doth sing , and stops her pipe in growth of riper days ; 
When I consider everything That grows holds in perfection but a little moment , That this huge state presenteth nought but shows whereon the stars in secret influence comment : When I perceive that men as plants increase , cheered and check'd even by the self-same sky ; vaunt in their youthful sap , at height decrease , and war their brave state out of memory ; 
is confused ... meanwhile .. doing laundry and enjoying his day off . 
going to do something productive ... l8r . 
.. thinking about the word \now \"" 
ye are the light of the world . A city , that is set on an hill cannot be hid . neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel , but on a candlestick and it giveth light unto all that are in the house . let your light so shine before men , that they may s 
paranoid by anything that smells like bacon ! ahh i so gared ! 
uber happy about books thanks mom and dad love ya ! 
wants to fly . 
in idaho chillin with the fam for weekend . love ya all ! * I am ninja material !... -even if i have to duck through things and takes extra second to squezz in small places :P 
oo oo ah ah mwhaha fireworks ! 
yellowcard . look at the stars , fireworks look how they shine for you . stuck in my head . 
had wonderful time in idaho . 
Well , I'm a runnin ' down the road , tryin ' to loosen my load , got a world of trouble on my mind . Lookin ' for a lover who won't blow my cover , she's so hard to find . Take it easy , take it easy , don't let the sound of your own wheels drive you crazy . Come on 
So give me reason To prove me wrong To wash this memory clean Let the floods cross The distance in your eyes Give me reason To fill this hole Connect this space between Let it be enough to reach the truth that lies Across this new divide 
I wont let you down , if I'm not around and you will be free , and I will be myself I wont fill your eyes with tears , if I lose all my fears but who would I be ? and would you recognize me ? tell me who would you see ? when you say ... that I would be ours 
Smiling :D 
like ive never seen the sky before . 
frustrated that nobody tells me anything . geez 
Breathing 
call me if going to need/want to talk to me . 
she said yes ! I said wow , she said when i said howabout right now . love cant wait ... lala laa :D 
I can’t make the sun keep smiling , Or blow away the clouds , There’s some things in this old world girl , I can’t do nothing bout , But I can love you , Like I’ve always done , And when the hard times come a knocking , < PROPFEMALE > you won’t ever see me ru 
proving myself . here i go :D 
happy . 
....... 
rain is to be danced in . * kneels down * /*extends hand * 
I believe in a brown eyed girl , That could change the world and me , Don't it make it seem like suddenly , Everything is so surreal Like the color in her eyes , Takes me far away , She came suddenly 
She never lets me fall too far behind , I won't walk ahead of her I won't , Two notes of a chord side by side , Two steps down a path between the vine . I feel the magic of a girl who who'll bring the best of me out through , I think I'd rather be close to you 
drying those brown eyes . this is the way i need to wake I wake to you . Open my eyes i see skys . 
.............. 
whistling . 
< PROPFIRST > ?!?! 
Singing 
possibly down . 
rain 
siliently screaming 
Friday- Its going to be a blast- Come ! 
Happy :D 
\a face without freckles is a sky without stars\ " \ " all he could think of was her freckles as his world went dark . \ " -my moms book . \ " three < PROPFEMALE > treasure \"" 
\the obstacles in front of us are never greater than the power behind us . god will help us bear whatever we must \"- doc . three < PROPFEMALE > treasure\ " - < PROPFEMALE > cheever " 
holding on 
Shadow heart 
looking at the stars 
we will fight till the angel sings a song 
when i look at the stars i feel like myself 
is possibly addicted to music 
Average :P ahahaha :P haaaaaaaa 
live a life less ordinary 
iM BEING SUSTAINED AS AN ELDER TODAY ! :D 
singing . mom made goooooooooooood < PROPFEMALE > bread ... yummmmmmmmmm 
Ordination today ! HaS A headache . 
is a Elder :) 
mmmmusic . 
i lied . 
addicted to music .. again 
is in idaho 
Thinking 
Sky 
salt , smallville , rice , dark , rain ... 
sittin here 
the world . 
the question is ... what do we write next ? 
DO NOT DONATE NEWBORN KITTYS AND DEAD CATS AT THE D.I. !!!! 
Loves His family , friends and hawaian punch ! 
in the water clinging onto the ledge searching his soul for last bit of hope of strength to reach trusting feeling where to hold on each second of the climb . 
climbing 
not feeling good . 
:) 
I know what ryhmes with woman 
* typing * 
mmmm bacon cheeseburger donut 
liked uchdorfs talk in priesthood . 
CONFERENCE ! :D 
I guess i should stop chewing my pen .... taste like ink 
striving to be my name manly < PROPMALE > bright son of heavenly father 
YELLOW ! 
:( blue ..... NO YELLLLOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW :D 
Tacos 
Yawning 
loves his family 
cant get on his profile < PROPFEMALE > . has pink freckles that the layer of skin i scrubbed off missed . but being home and seeing my awesome family and ooo bread pudding yumm ... makes me happy nothing can get me down .. :P ok ( i strive so atleast ) stay awesome . 
haha got high at the D.I. exploding spray paint :) 
hurts . 
is good 
summer . 
Revenge to the piggy flu .. even tho I dont have it(i think ) EAT BACON !!!! :P 
allah darnit ! 
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep :) yay 
ask me in two years and a couple o months . 
Realheroposters.com -awesome 
back to floating . * float * * float * 
had a beer and sheppards pie at a < PROPFEMALE > pub -YUMMMM :) 
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
ya ..... about that .... 
< PROPFIRST > is right that Nicks right about < PROPMALE > having the greatest friends !!! 
yaa ... about that ... 
when you put your lips like that YOUR GOING TO GET PUNCHED 
sometimes hates fb 
is in love !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hates mustard juice ! Laughs when the hot dog squeels in the < PROPFIRST > ! Is twitching from unpatientness . Happy he went to church today ... currently rocking out to some muzic !!!!!! 
twitching from impatience , mm jam in toast . thinking about the stars . will have another go-heres to the next 3 . likes talking and questions night . scared of seatbelts , pillows and such-tho i shouldnt .. i cant hide from them forever . Fighting on thin ice . daydreaming and heartaching . am fighting . deciding ..... sailing away from this lonely dock its time to have a destination and sunset . 
wondering 
is sad for a few reasons . i usually hide it and act happy . but i need to tell that i am sad . 
likes the name aria/arya ( AIR-REE-UH ) for a girl . 
haha whhhat ? 
kiakaha 
When the road gets crazy And tries to break me And I've had all I can stand I can close my eyes no matter where I am And just be stillThere's a place I need to go Where stained glass windows glow Every part of me is known Thank God I can go there Thank God I can go there Still 
HIS FIRST MELCHEZEDEK PRIESTHOOD BLESSING ! - I ANOINTED ! IT WAS SOOO AWESOME ! 
:) lee ........... 
Yeah gotta start Looking at the hand of the time we’ve been given here This is all we got and we gotta start thinkin’ it Every second counts on a clock that’s tickin Gotta live like we’re dying We only got 86 400 seconds in a day To turn it all around or throw it all away We gotta tell ‘em that we love ‘em while we got the < PROPMALE > to say , Gotta live like we’re dying 
There's a place where I go to take the edge of the day , when the radios up your face fades away , flicker flicker dim and fade to black . With a back pack packed , and a < PROPFIRST > on the map . Gonna drive too fast , Gonna not look back , light the night with a blow torch and a match . Got no time reason or rime , not gonna stop , gonna ride all night 
shrek :D wanting to see yesman . since im on movies ... went to new < PROPFEMALE > with the family it was ..... iight ... great time with fam . lets just say I have a vampire to kill ...... or maybe a werewolf ... 
happy !!!!!!!! 
whoo hoo 
tired of old woman hitting on me . Im going to take kung fu and kick your . my parents are the best . \I hope they call me on a mission\ " i guess I can tell people why i waited is to grow a foot or two so I can be taller than my Bros .. sadly that still did not work . ooo music . Singing playing being me . Really wants these months to go fast . Proving the world wrongo . ITS FREEZO !!!! well then .... later - < PROPFIRST > " 
Does not like the cold . wants to go snowboarding . my answer is warm . ufc fights ohhh YA ! feels loved . thanks . * high five * Does not like late nights . CARBON LEAF !!!!! * ooo capeoria . pick me pick me pick me ! PICK MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE ! 
Tired , text me ay ? really wants to go snowboarding . 
why do I always get sick the day before hometeaching ?!? ha . 
happy Night facebook and all@ ! 
Happy night ! 
mm blue dew I wanna be like youhoohoo 
:) ly 
The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them . Evil prevails when good men fail to act . 
Is very happy . Is very lucky . Is very excited . 
IS the luckiest and happiest ! 
Breathe in the night Let it know just who you are Connecting < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > I'm glad to see you're taking flight I'll spot the brightest one So breathe , breathe , breathe in the night Your journey's just begun You're a lullaby For the Texas sky tonight Your heroes and < PROPFEMALE > s are bright So hey lone < PROPFEMALE > there you are Shining bright in the dark Don't wait for your heroes and < PROPFEMALE > s To save your day 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Love you all ! 
:) So I was thinkin ........ 
mmm ? hmmMMM !? mmm ... :) MMMHMMM ! :D 
There's so much time , to figure out the rest of my lifeAnd you've already got me coming undone 
Unfortunately , 97% of Facebook users won't repost this . When Jesus died on the cross He was thinking of you . If you are one of the 3% who will stand up for Him , just repost this . I'm one of the 3% < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!! 
35 DAYS ! Till A Big Day That is supporting a BIGGER DAY ! WOOOOOOOOHOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
well best be gettin to bed ... 9 o clock hour past your bed time ... 
best be playin :D And bein with my woman ! 
mmmhm 
Bueno Noches 
just chill . daybyday . MUSIC ! IN Your face .. sorry but yaa ... 112 cars by myself . woo were following the leader(i was leader today :D ) - ha my end parenthisis made it into a me smilee with meee nosee :P You really need to watch alladin , saturdays warrior and walktoremember . woo 33ish days ! woo 2 yrs and ishamount of days . woo YOU ! .. woo just to woo ! woo me going to bed woo ! 
( Gone to my quiet place ) 
Happy new years !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bishop has Advised me to stretch out my hands and words for finnacial aid For my mission witch I will be submitting my papers February 1st(ish ) If ANYONE Can Contribute anything It will be greatly appreciated ! any if its $5 , $10 , $15 , $ anything you will be helping greatly ! I will and can work/serve for $ aswell ! Thank you and with love - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Cheever 
Thank You so very much whoever you are for the money !!!! :D god bless you ! 
Heeey heeeey heeeeey :) 
love days off :) 
my phone is charging upstairs and i need to talk to them .. people get on fb !!! 
ah i need to break myself away from fb so i can do something productive .. and get my phone . good day fb and all 
stand off ... * glare * eye to eye .... sizing up eyes saying \I will kill you\ " < PROPFEMALE > glaring .. Giant steps close/fighting distance/inches away ready to crush .. anne says \ " wait .. where did you go !? \ " then we bust out laughing . :D " 
\There's a hope There's a light And I see it in your eyes And I hope you can see it in mine ( There's a secret held inside ) There's a < PROPMALE > and a time That the sky could fall tonight And I will be here at your side \"" 
It was Bigfoots cat ! ;P ! Cheese makes all veggies yummier ! mm ants on a log craving satisfied . \Stars are never out of reach for you just dream Hold out your hand and touch the sky Just dream Tonight\ " something about blacking out from a choke makes you appreciate air and water more . jello punching gloves-best ! good job on that one ! smile ! :D " 
Jello 
Is sore from handstands and faceplanting lol ... fun wannabe breakdancing at the union station ! 
mmm Zingers . eww twinkies .. twinkie alternative-to be shoved up your nosee cuz its sickee . 
I guess I look like < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > dyke . what do you think ? change your profile pic to an famous musicain artist actor actress that you have been told or think you look like/act like .. this week !!!! 
bien < PROPFEMALE > y bueno noches ! yo <3 est/esta/estae Madre ! Padre ! Harmana ! hermano ! < PROPFEMALE > ! Tio ! Abuelo ! abuela ! nephews ! niece ! Amigos ! I think im going to stay away from falling asleep to a spanish game . 
wow facebook .. creepishly .. knows alot .. 
not crazy .. just a little unwell ;P 
hello shiny sharp needle ! :D . :( owww .. ooo shiny medal keychain ! -yay ! oo shiny key .. need to wear my shiny sharp pointy kaniffee ! shiny caffeti ! shiny !!!!!!! SHINY !! SHINY !!!!!! 
How can I help it if I think you're funny when you're mad Trying hard not to smile though I feel bad I'm the kind of guy who laughs at a funeral Can't understand what I mean ? Well , you soon will I have a tendency to wear my mind on my sleeve I have a history of taking off my shirt 
Let the walls break down 
Success builds character , failure reveals it . 
Nothing is predestined : The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings . \The end is where I begin \"- The script " 
Happiness is the best face lift . -lol 
Music . Handstands . Food . Love you family and friends . Life . 
my stomache hurts . I think there is brain juice . would my life be a 10 piece puzzle or a 1000 piece ? wait who stole a piece !? why is this one not fitting anywhere !! whoa ... what is that connecting creation !? im puzzled :( ha . 
Come on superbowl commercials ! Woo ! 
Had more fun with an MariJo !!! ;P looking forward to brand new days filled with breathtaking smile ! 
ALLAH !!!!!!!!!!! FETCHIN !!!!!!! GRRR !!!! hmm .. breath ... go to my crazy place ... 
a missionary slapped me in my face . my instructers wife slapped me in the face(lol fun times ) ... AND my monkey slapped me in the face ! what the heck ? lol 
Happy Valintines day ! :D 
sometimes what you want isnt what you need and def not what you always get . 
quite litteraly .. Insides hurt . Music Is my friend . excited for family to come over-i'll get my favorate workout .. tossin my nephew . step 1 -achieved , now step 2 .. working on it . monkeys on thin ice . needs mcees night . Misses My wallets name . when called will go . 
word 
Has the best parents ever ! currently fascinated about shiny pennies nickels and dimes .. Penguin . Music :D Im hitting the hard stuff : Blue Dew .. ya .. its been missed . D.I. makes me chuckle . 
hapeeed from carbon leaf and family :) 
The more you live , the less you will die . 
Fight or die 
Iron man in may !!! -OOO ! and toystory in june !!! Schweet !!!!!!! 
MISSES SUMMER !!!!!! 
wow ... texting ... F.B. Chatting and talking to my parents ! Too much at once ! 
* refreshed awwwwww * Music . fruit . thoughts of summer . cleanness . brand new day ! water ! Handstands ! Family ! scriptures ! 11 more weeks ! playing ! working ! hugging ! And sticking my tongue at YOU ! ;) 
mmm coke . 
sippin on a coke . gazing at summer stars . dreaming away ... 
Wants someone to talk to . thirsty . tired . needs some good music . doesnt want to talk . wants to fight . Not going to get what he wants . doesnt know . throwing gummybears at the wall . 
needs gummybears to throw at people . 
Love . Loss . Hope . Repeat . I saw you saw me ! I miss my ex but my aim is improving . LIFE !!! -YAY ! .. I just tasted blue dew when i said life .. whoa . just a little more .. one more round .. one more day .. I Love you family and friends . 
what about .................? 
mmmmmmmmmmmmm supersize my coke . jk .. ish . supersize my kick A Ninja skillz ;P 
IS HAPPY ! LOVES HIS AMAZING PARENTS ! IS BREATHING ! HOLDING ON ! SEE !! LOOK ! IM DOING A HANDSTAND ! 
ITS SATURDAY ! 
always loves weird dreams 
TI ME . 
ADVENTURE :D 
86400 Seconds , FAMILY ! ADVENTURE ! WOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
FLYING ! 
It didnt Come Quickly But with < PROPFEMALE > It came 
christmasss ... christmas .. christmass timmmeee laaaaaa laaaaaa laaaaaa . 
Toy story makes me happy . 
Does not understand but loves the masochist gym . Doesnt Like People . Loves some people . hm Love , happy , eyes , time , day , woo , away , shiny , night , family , music , sky , stars . I said it all according to fb . I LOVE HAPPY EYES it makes the TIME fly AWAY and the DAY full of MUSIC . In my NIGHT SKY the STARS are my FAMILY ! WOO SHINY ! 
I LOVE HAPPY EYES it makes the TIME fly AWAY and the DAY full of MUSIC . In my NIGHT SKY the STARS are my FAMILY ! WOO SHINY ! 
WAR Its the moment of truth and the moment to lie The moment to live and the moment to die The moment to Fight Fight Fight To the Right To the Left We will fight to the death To the Edge of the Earth It's a brave new world from the last to the first ! 
Pause Is The Kill . Happy eyes :) ! Sore . Smiles at the thought of kicking a door to pieces . your looking through stained glass I cleaned my fingerprints on myside . Summer ;) haha climbing a tree and falling out awaiting streched out arms that are now above .. wait a minute ? what happened . lol . darn branch . 80ish days ! woo ! Love you fam and friends 
Smile ! :D 
EarthQuake ! Woo ! 
Job Interview today ! 
woooooooooooooooo 
\Want to be a creepy stalker but not appear as one ? .. well .... FACEBOOK ! \"" 
crushed oreos . Choc Pudding . Gummy Worms . 
had a great weekend WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS ! :) ! I GOT THE JOB ! WOOOO !!! 
Needs a poke all button .. or somehow overlook it and control the urge to poke people . 
mmmm yummy . 
Lets do something crazy :D 
Chillin with the fam :) 
Take a step now Get up on your feet Gotta be brave No clouds above thee Follow your heart And then you’ll see There’s always a way Hold on tight Tomorrow will bring Every key to every locked dream It ain’t hard as it seems 
Take OFF YOUR SHOES ! why ? Its disrespectfull ! - You werent born with shoes were ya ! Running around shoeless :D 
loves toothless grizzlys ! 
sore throught . cardboard cut between my fingers . sore bod . kung fu chaos and crimson skies withdrawals . Going without soda and swoooERDS . Wants a nerf sword . excited for work . tired eyes ... blah .... good day ! I said GOOD DAY ! 
Brand new day 
< PROPFEMALE > Cobler ! Yum ! :) Love you family and friends 
wooo .... work today ! 
blue skys 
Just finished gathering Blue now onto Messenger ! 
Is HELLOing YOU ! And wants to Jello you ... ooo ... I really really really Want to JELLO someone NOW ! 
Grr annnd Yay but mostly Grr ! 
My day early friend ? 
MY BELLY BUTTON IS BETTER ! Gummy bears be Afraid ! I know right now Im here but its where I want to be so I can Be THERE . I love you Family and friends . 
Hug your monkee ! If not You will have gummy bears thrown at you or tackled ! Either or its a win-win situation for me . 
Happy Mom day ! 
Monday .... Brings Friday ... and friday ... Im in love with friday . 
As my wise awesome dad put it ... Im going to go to work , where most of my time i just look for beer :D ! haha ......... * looking for beer * brb to my happy place hopefully soon ! 
yay back to my happy place ! I love you mom and dad ! ooo oatmeal cookies ! rain rain go away today I just want to play ! 
BAZINGA !!! 
is happily happy . 
alot . 
an ancient creature said to dazzle any woman who looks into his green\ 
eyes . extremly attractive , egotistical , and friendly . but dont be\ 
fooled when this ancient creature holds you in his arms , you will never\ 
be able to fall out of love with him . beware . 
* WALL ! * 
Yay < PROPFEMALE > Today !!!!!!!!!! 
so I was/ am feelin blue so I Started singing . laaaa laaaaa laaaaaaa 
\What Holds Your attention Holds YOU \"" 
mmm danish Puff 
CAntchya see what your love has made of me ? I love you Im sorry Im working on it . all I do is in the shadow of you .. I want to stand tall and be worthy of that shadow and create my own . Thank you for all your < PROPFEMALE > and love . Dont give up on me . thank you for all you do .. It really helps and I MEAN EVERYTHING ! I love you . 
WOOOOOO BLACK NINJA PANTS FROM AWESOME SIFU . -Thank YOU :) 
Heads We will ! Tails We'll Try Again ! :D 
Im not excited for kung fu ! Cuz everytime I am apparently I have a bad night ! -so Im not excited but secretly .. ninjaee I AM UBER FETCHIN EXCITED ! 
It was great . now im going to eat bloody meat .. I hope I dont die . Love ya 
I have to learn how to do multiple things at once in many different situations ..... Its going to be very frustrating . 
squeekee noises bug me 
hmm what to do with the left over danish puff frosting ....... hmmm Mix it with granola cereal and cranberrys ! - Yum ! 
group then work then bed :) 
listening to the beat inside 
Babada babada \ 
Babadadaba\ 
Babada babada\ 
Babadababa ! My head hurts . 
WOO ! My Inter was viewed ! 
through the thunder and lightening ! 
I need a furry wall 
Thanks for --> :D 
Rainy summer ......... cant we just say its april ? 
:D -ING 
stretching ankles helps doing crazy things 
loves his family ! 
Excited ............ I need to get Buff ! 
Rushed It . :( next time Ace it ! :) 
YAY ! 
I Love you ! * hug * 
I left and found My heart . You all have it :D Today drove to texas with < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > fam just got here . I have an amazing family that blesses me and amazing friends that make me smile ! This is for The better ! Love you all Keep in touch and in the loop ! Happy Dreams :) 
haha well It was an heck of an amazing BIRTHDAY ! Thank You for all the posts and your love I miss and love you ! I spent the day with my niece nephew < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and all YOU in heart ! haha AND I WAS EMBARRESSED AT CHILIS !!! haha < PROPFEMALE > asked them to sing happy bday to me .... Im sure < PROPFEMALE > can say how I looked ... 
happy !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Jumped on the Hot trampoline leaving my glasses on the outside table ... Put them on and HOTT !!!! haha gotta be careful what I leave in the sun ... I was prayin that my flip flops wouldnt melt to my feet ! 
I got a job :) and also I might have another better job option . 
Texas lightening and thunder is awesome ! And what !? Its raining ! I thought I was going to be burned lol its nice and cool . 
3 stitches in hand . Inneed of better job . miss and love you all . 
:D 
Hero Band Was fun ! love and yall ! 
You make me :D Thank YOU ! :D Love and miss yall ! 
work . Litterally is sweet and gets me sugar coated .. note to self dont put hand in HOTTT Sugar ! hmm life ... happy . need sleep sleep . love Yall ! 
Insanity 
Your < PROPFIRST > System Is currently On Standby For modifications and updates . We Thank you for patiently waiting . Do not be alarmed of random twitching and punches , gnashing teeth , Grinning , Crying , laughing and singing . 21 % complete remaining time : Forever . Warning : Symptoms may include Pain of smile muscles . White Hairs . Urges to Smack , Hugs . pokes . And a feeling to sing along-please feel free to do so . 
Happy 4th of july ! 
Happy Day 
read my mind 
If your happy and you know it clap your hands ! * clap-clap * 
If you LIKE this status , I'll write on your wall and tell you exactly what I think of you (: and I'll be completely honest (: but if you don't like what I write , deal with it . You asked for it (: put this as you're status if you're brave 
Ohhhh yeah :D * hug * 
wants to watch sesame street in spanish . excited not to be covered in sugar and have sundays to rest and beed churchin . I miss and love you all ! btw I have a licence to thrill . Have a happy one :D 
just Working . Learning . Growing . Singing . Not worrying my life away . saving . thinking . breathing . missing . loving . eating :D inneed of excercising . sleeeeeeping . smiling helloing , cyaing . 
so I learned how to duck ... now I just need to Duck FASTER ! ( been smacking my head on bars :( ) work is challenging and good ! very excited and happy for life ! Smile ! :D 
at work we are painting NONSTOP . Ha and if you know me you know how I feel about that . Paint is everywhere on me and I had a huge headache from fumes . tho tonight was happy . went and socialized .. went to a dance and village inn ! It was nice . gotta waking up in 3 hours . bye bye miss american pie drove my chevy to the < PROPMALE > . * hug * love and miss you all ! text message call me ! 
mmmmmm mouthwash 
hmm facebook has added that you can like comments that others make wait till we can like other peoples likes ! 
need minty taste in mouth . 
halfway there to the weekend ! :D brand new day . mm ice cream . 
work : As Im sweating and doing things less than 13 seconds They said I am going to have to be FASTER ! Atleast I have a licence to run with scissors now ! Happy : SEPTEMBER Dont hesitate to come ! YOU ! :D Grinning ! YAY ! hmm more :D -ing . 
YAY WEEKEND ! :D 
Thoughts 
\Luck Is when Preparation meets opportunity ! \"" 
mr throught why are you cranky at me ? 
Love yall 
come on friday 
almost blacked out 6 times ... had hiccups from hadies ! Had them for a hour and everyone felt like a stab to my heart . throat :( nose :( stomach . friday must come and bring wellness :D yess yess . ( p.s. I am drinking water nonstop no worries . ) 
lets do this 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ITS FRIDAY ! :D YAY ! now Crossing my fingers on not working on saturday-please please please ! 
woo 
j-e-l-l-owwwwwwwwwwwwwww :D Does not like painting . saturday night ! :D Love yall ! :D 
TIME :D YAY ! FUN ! FRIENDS ! PEOPLE ! MOVIE ! FOOD ! DEODARANT ! CHEESE ! YAY ! 
not much of a update . just in the middle of a journey ... I feel like its still A beggining .... but I know its going to be a happy ending .... and do my best to make it a happy journey too . 
Been Watching the < PROPFEMALE > :D 
'' Those Old navy jeans make your butt smile from cheek to cheek ! \ LOL ! " 
:D :D ;D :D :D :D :D :D 
goodnight 
Goodmorning :D 
People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes . -Abigail < PROPFIRST > Buren \ 
You cannot love a thing without wanting to fight for it . -G . K . Chesterton \ 
My address is like my shoes . It travels with me . I abide where there is a fight against wrong . -Mother Jones 
He who is not impatient is not in love . -Italian proverb . \ 
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get , it's what you are expected to give -Anon . \ 
Where there is love there is life . -Mahatma Gandhi 
I dont know 
Smalllllllllllllvillle !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 26 !!!! FAMILY ! FRIENDS ! THE JOURNEY ! Smells like jello .. Have not done a handstand in a month :( wow . does pull ups for downtime at work at 3 am . dew bubbles in nosee ! statis needs a :D . hmm and such ! I love you all ! 
Dios tarda pero no olvida !!! 
\if your life had a face I woul . d punch it ! \"" 
cinnnnnnnnamonnnnnn rolllllllllllllllllllssssssssssssssss !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D YUM YUM YUM ! 
sorry monday my heart is cheating on you with friday ... I guess we have to break up and Im sure it will be a very happy break up ! 
Well Monday took it well .. now for a late tuesday and a rebound wednesday 
awh the middle :D The top part of the rollar coaster yay ! wednesday !!!!! mAKES me feel so much better getting over with monday and tuesday .. good memorys .. good days ! 
mmm sleep 
When I do good , I feel good . When I do bad , I feel bad . And that's my religion . \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
\Friday Im In Love !!! \"" 
heaven : Horchata and brownies .. OM !!!! < PROPFEMALE > your the bomb . very yummy . HAIRCUT !!!!!!!!!! sunday !! YAY ! I lovesees yous all ! 
this iron < PROPMALE > goes upside down ? can I grind it ? lol went out with the transformer missionarys ! 
jaja I love my hour long work meetings that are in spanish .. 
I'll Hold on too :D Its nice and cool today . ahhhhh ! hmm :) happy days ! 
oh im a moovin groovin jammin singing gummy bear ! 
FRIDAY !!!!!!!! YAY ! I SILLY WORD YOU SILLY FACE :D 11 ! 
The world's battlefields have been in the heart chiefly ; more heroism has been displayed in the household and the closet , than on the most memorable battlefields in history . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Beecher 
breathing ! Forward ! 
the lord is preparing me for something and I DONT know what it is but I have to trust him and do be his will because no other will is the best or happiest nor the right way ! 
If you wish for peace be ready for war . 
Updates : Upcoming sunday I am going to be called As The youngmens secretary ! so Excited for Utah Visit ! I dont remember < PROPMALE > being this long ! Work IS going very well ! Likes to jog home under the big < PROPFEMALE > and stars . Likes nephi for having faith courage doing the lords will when he had no idea what he was going to do ! Time for a very happy week ! with love - < PROPFIRST > 
when i look at the sky i see the reason why i know 
Inspector < PROPFIRST > Cheever :D I like the sound of that ! 
I have a 11 day weekend :D 
blue dew + cookies & cream = Yummy ! :D going to white sands :D excited for utah ! 
Had a BLAST at whitesands ! 
His Friends and Family Is awesome ! 
\good choices don't make life easy ... just easier ! \ " smarter not harder ! HAPPY ! " 
world ... Its not going to go your way I AM HAPPY ! :D 
Uncomprehendably Over Explodingly Awesomely UBER HAPPY ! Thank You and I love You my toria ! :D Love you my friends and family ! 
Good Sigh :D 
7 WEEKS- :) 9 WEEKS-YAY ! 11 WEEKS ! - :D 14 WEEKS- MMMMHMM ! 
Gr .... ? ...! 
Dust on the bottle ! Going crazy !!!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D :D I love my Amazing Toria ! Love you fam and friends :) 
quiting soda . growing Fuzz . does glow in the dark T.P. make your bum glow ? Should I Listen to my heart ? If I did more id be dancing . i dont want to disolve , I really dont . SWEARWORDS ! Pumpkins smell good . SNOWBOARDING ! missing :( amazed how quickly dark fades when your light shines even from afar .. I love you so much my Toria . 
well well well 
never put your twinkies on your pizza ! 
Lets do this :D 
hawaii please . Monday please be kind ! I love you Toria ! llllife :( :) :/ :D :P :s !!!! 
gives up on trying to get all the glue out of his arm hair and hands .. and glasses .. eyelashes .. sigh . well It was fun blowing up glue cans up at the time . heart is going crazy . 
MMMmmmmmmHMMM ! :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D 
Has The best Toria Ever :D Yay General conference ! 
Monday ! mm Loves His Toria :D 
Yawn 
Mwhaha 
Really Has the best < PROPFEMALE > EVER ! 
Remember tonight .. for it is the beginning of always 
adventure . Love :D Toria :D Crazy silliness . Forward . Service . Impact . 
So come on and it's all on the line but I'm still gone ' shine I'm not gone let it go \ 
Hey \ 
Slow it down for a minute while I capture the sky \ 
Surfing the clouds wind surfin ' through a deep sea dive \ 
The devil's tryin ' to get up in my soul but I'm not gone let it go \ 
So come on and I'm drinkin ' this spiritual wine so he can't < PROPMALE > with my flow 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM ! ;D 
What should I be for halloween ? 
Looking to buy a vehicle that can get me from point a to b . 
Saved a boob . 
Im In ! 
Call me 
When his candle shined upon my head , and when by his light I walked through darkness 
I love It when past moments are revealed as guiding and preparing stars pointing to happiness :D life is just so awesome . Gospel/God is great My < PROPFEMALE > Is truelly beautiful inside and out and rootbeer is Yummy :D 
Wow :D 
\ring ring ..... hello . Rrring Rrring ... Hello . Rrring rring Ugh gosh you have a bad connection ! \ " \ " why Does your belly button have a beard ? \"" 
Gets to be with my Toria Soon :D I love you ! Is Sssssore ! Haircut-yay ! 
Crazy :D 
Flying ;D 
Is Home . I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! Rain !!!!!! & Woooooooooo ! 
CHILL ! 
soooooo Dizzy ! 
cant put it in words 
Forward :D I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
MmmHM ! Very blessed . Thank you and love you family & friends and I love you my Heavenly < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Updates : I start work at fat cats next week and am very excited ! I have an awesome family and friends that I love ! I love my Heavenly < PROPFEMALE > ! Cant wait for pumpkins to be shot . looking forward to Boarding ! Friends , Family , Gym , Scriptures , and my < PROPFEMALE > make me so very happy ! Smiling :D 
Happy :D Loves his Wonderful < PROPFEMALE > ! SMILE :D 
\Baby Its cold outside \"" 
Is Happy :D Always Good to be with < PROPFEMALE > . Family . and Friends :D 
Looking forward and Very happy with life . What I see In her eyes . What I feel in my heart and from spirit ! < PROPFEMALE > Happy Going to get reccomend soon ! Work Is a fun happy environment . Family is wonderful friends are great < PROPFEMALE > is such a Blessing . Happy Happy Happy ! 
Is the Luckiest and most Blessed ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! work , learn , play , pray and love like crazy ! 
in need of a few hairs to be cut . happy Holidays Everyone ! I love you My < PROPFEMALE > ! a spring fall december-interesting . cant wait for snowwwww ! 
Thinking ..... 
Growing older Is weird . SNOWWWWWWW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY ! 
Happy Christmas Everyone ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Happilly Forward !!! I love you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Come what May I will be 100% In love With My < PROPFEMALE > ! Smiling Worthy Prepared and making the most of every Brand new day ! 
Brand new day :) 
Speed Street Was sooo Much FUN !!! I love You < PROPFEMALE > ! 
be sure you have my one and only phone number way to go Idaho area code . I Love you family and friends . I love you Forever and all eternity my beautiful my love my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
wants to go to speedstreet . Loves his girl . needs to < PROPFEMALE > out with friends . check info for my new phone number . 
very happily luckily blessed by my beautiful wonderful < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you sooo much !!! loves his awesome family ! friends are saweet ! stay awesome ! 
I am number 9 ! 
why < PROPFEMALE > tirrred blah . Happy ! love you < PROPFEMALE > love you family and friends ! 
< PROPFEMALE > spoils me so much ! < PROPFIRST > radin concert was amazing ! Work and life is going and Im Happy ! 
happily Forward ! 
:) i love my < PROPFEMALE > 
yay Toria and i are going to make it throught the whole enchallada ! 
being at front desk is a good change . Working out is great ! I love Victoria . Family and friends ! brand new day ! Kiakaha ! 
