HAPPY NEW YEARS ! Be safe because it is amature night . take care peeps . 

making the most epic elecentric music list ever . work on monday and its back to ssdd . < same shit different day > and let this year be a good one . 
Has absolutely nothing to do ... 
listening to MJ on VH1 
Going camping tomorrow . Won't be back till the 8th . If you have my number hit me up ! 
is too frigging warm GAH ! 
yay today was birthday , could have went a bit better ... 
laughed at my < PROPMALE > for no apparent reason on the phone , probably thinks I'm nuts 
Need coffee and to write . Too much on mind as of late . 
Really should get some sleep , but really don't want to . 
I just can't wait till my aunt moves out . that would make me the happiest person on earth once she does . 
My heart feels like it is about to explode ... 
2am and all is quiet . That will last till 5pm today :\\ 
Loves Dr. Who , wish he was on more often . 
Thinking about going to Pennsic . Need to figure out if I can go . 
Raising a beer to almost the end of the summer and for no more stress in my household . 
Is pretty damn strong . Moved my mum's bed with help from my bro . Might get bitched out at by my chiropractor come monday ..... 
had to put my dog to sleep today . will miss her dearly 
needs some inspiration to hit me like a ton of bricks . short story has been on the back burner for a while . 
what a day 
Starting work come Monday , don't know what I will be doing yet all I know is that it is back to the 5am wake-up call . 
This morning started out with a bang or more like a putt . Bus broke down before second stop and ran horribly late . 
need for my back to ease up because I don't want to see my chiropractor . 
lol just found out that < PROPFIRST > Depp is going to be Tonto in the Lone Ranger movie . 
felt like crap the past 24 hours . feeling a little better now . hopefully I will get some sleep tonight . 
omg payday ! 
Needs a break in the cycle . 
Is so frigging excited that KISS is coming to Pittsburgh . Need to get tickets when they go on sale . 
Close your eyes , open your heart , expand your mind . 
Waiting for the damn pizza man to arrive . Had to trade fridges tonight in the frigging cold . 
hating my damn cell phone right now.it worked fine yesterday ... 
Doing pretty good . weekend went by way too damn fast . 
Creativity backup is a pain in the head . 
is hoping for some good dreams tonight ... 
Damn came down with whatever in the hell my mother and brother got . 
feeling a little better 
wants to crawl into a cave and hide . sick of being sick . 
Dentist Saturday .... 
Nothing is better than a clean house . 
yesterday was one of those \F me\ " days . at least today was way better . :) " 
dear me . went to the dentist today and feels like I should just cut out the middle man and start eating money . Waiting for dentist- one hour Getting the rundown of work you need- five minuets Being told shit that you already know- priceless 
Would like to thank those who served this country . 
damn steelers ... just damn ... 
time to do some chores before I go back out . Need to do a few phone calls too . 
going to be cutting the grass hopefully as the last time until spring . 
got most of my stuff done yesterday before the rain . 
thankfully today is friday . week has been strange for sure . 
eeeewww rain ! 
hope everyone had or is having a great turkey day !! 
Hopes that everyone will have a great weekend . 
Going back to work tomorrow , better fire up the coffee pot . 
back to the grind . not looking forward to the weather on friday . 
kids , such adorable germ carrying critters . 
so what happens if you run out of sick days ? you call in dead . 
feels completely out of it . and has the damn \Fraiser\ " song stuck in her head . " 
Found a way to get past my shellfish allergy . Gloves :) 
removing some of the bulk from my computer . Hopefully this will make her run a ton better . funny how I call my laptop a boy and this one a girl . hmm interesting .... 
funny how something that uninstalls programs refuses to run ... 
too warm ... bleh 
switched my dr appointment because she had an emergency , hopefully I can beat this cold myself . 
You may never know what tomorrow may bring So always wake up with a grin Even though the winds may be cold Always have a warm spot in your soul Be grateful that you are awake Be thankful for every breath you take For the world may end And your heart will break In your final thought remember The warm gentle breeze of that September And how tightly I held your hand Stood before a sunset so grand 
freezing cold man . hate the snow because that means I have to use the shovel . 
RIP < PROPMALE > 
no idea how I am going to feel tomorrow all I know is the fact that I feel okay for now . 
feeling okay but dang it doesn't have to be this cold in my opinion . 
gonna be missing my < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . No sugar tonight in my coffee No sugar tonight in my tea Yeah got the \Guess Who\ " song in my head . " 
attempting to make home made spagetti sauce . it came out super thick so far . 
problem solved now it is the waiting game 
basement sink decided to flood . just biding my time till I have to go down and bail it out again . 
hopefully the basement will quit being an ahole . 
basment sink is still acting up , need some drano to clean it out . 
shit shit shit a damn bug is trying to invade my computer 
stomped that virus right in its tracks . now the epic battle with the basement sink continues . 
hungry as all hell dunno what the heck to eat . probably some fruit and head over to either youtube or aol online and listen to some music . 
found out that my phone card has been screwed with . that the cashier did not activate it . isn't that just frigging wonderful ? 
broken promises broken dreams is it all what it seems to be ? 
Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer ! ? ( 93% of you will not copy & paste this ) if you know someone who had cancer please paste this to your wall 
Shame that all the good tv shows are going to be on in the spring . Going to catch some \Fringe\ " in an hour . I frigging love that show . " 
irritated with the mailman . got a phone on its way in the mail and it was suppose to be here by now . this sucks . 
my new phone just arrived ! had to be delivered by a different mailman . 
gah too cold . I feel bad for people who have to drive in this mess . 
is pissed about who won \Survivor\ " < PROPFIRST > should have won in my opinion . " 
gonna see what's on tv before work . 
gonna be hitting up the craft store in a little bit to make a bitchin scarf . if anyone wants one just hit me up on here . 
just got done washing my dog ( if she can be called that ) and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
was over at a friend's place and had a great time . 
knows that < PROPFEMALE > is a two way street . you get what you give . 
isn't it amazing how it takes just one week for a person to change ? 
Two days till the new year decends upon us . I hope that everyone who will be going out on that night will have a safe one . :) 
got a good feeling about this year . :) 
Three Stooges marathon :) 
got our little shit-n-get car today thanks to my cousin . the car rides nice . can't wait till spring to make it shine :) 
playing some wow . not wanting to go back to work tomorrow but heck no money = no food 
man never knew that I had so many cds . haha guess I'm a music nut . 
Got my fave < PROPFEMALE > song on ! 
Feeling pretty good , getting over my freakouts at the dentist . 
snow is nice to look at but not fun to deal with . 
Time to do some cleaning . 
The Doors , WoW and snow . hmmm what a friday night 
Wishing that she lived somewhere warmer . 
Dear me , shopping on the weekend isn't a good idea at all . 
omg dentist . can't eat to save my life . 
Made some awesome chicken salad . doing some housekeeping before I head on back out . 
realized that her mailman doesn't know wtf a sidewalk is . 
hoping that tonight will be the last night for the dentist . feels like I've spent more time in the dentist chair than anywhere else as of late . 
Got a new computer mouse today . got to get use to it haha . 
The touch you once had now has faded . Was it your or I who has become jaded ? My heart was once yours for the taking but I really do think I was mistaking . Opened my mouth and blew it apart . Que sera sera is what they may say and it is a due which I have to pay . 
Has the reverse Midas touch , instead of gold it turns to shit . But the day is still new . 
Realized that ' The Doors ' had it right - people are strange 
Should have taken my < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > book ' Under the Dome ' to work with me since I forgot that I didn't have part of my run today . 
This month has just gone in a flash it seems . Getting all my fave songs onto my mp3 player to have something drown out my coworkers . 
apparently I have too many songs for my mp3 player :( 
Go me . Irritated my darn sciatic nerve from house cleaning . Need to call Doc and get an appt . Guess its going to be heat on ... heat off . 
Feels like I'm living in a green house with how many plants I have . I also discovered a valuable lesson today , never leave potting soil outside . it turns into iced earth . 
computer monitor shat the bed last night had to blow some of my savings for a new one . guy at work grabbed my bad knee , it may meet his balls soon because it is throbbing like nobody's buisness . I just want to crawl into a cave and hide . 
Where did this week go ? Seemed like it was Monday only yesterday . 
Might have finally perfected my spagetti sauce now it taste like how grandpa use to make . :) 
enjoying the snow . hoping for at least a delay or no work tomorrow . my poor dog about drowned in the snow rofl 
shovling snow is not my idea of fun , but watching my dog in the snow is . :) 
nothing like listening to russians talk at 2am 
can you be frigging serious ? more snow ?!? whomever wished for more snow needs a punch right in the kisser ! 
there are people out there who shouldn't be driving in this weather . almost got into a pile up this morning because some fool had to back into their driveway on the hill to the jr high . 
I've come to realize that the past few years have gone by so fast that every day is precious . Will have to find somewhere to live in 5 months thanks to my ' wonderful ' aunt . Uncle < PROPMALE > I wish you knew what all has happened but I know you are watching out for us . 
got Lady Gaga stuck in my head ... yay lol 
how hard can it be for someone to come into work or at least call off ? I hate it when people screw me over and make me late . 
woot ! monday night RAW is coming to Mellon arena May 10 ! 
Can't wait for spring to come so I can finally wash the car again . Nobody cleans a car better than I do . :) 
finally warming up around here . can't wait till the St. < PROPFIRST>'s parade this weekend . Gonna bust out the camera again :) 
Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . You can't choose family but you can choose friends . 
Looking for a new place to live in . holy crap what a dissappointment D: 
at least this pay wasn't joke of the week this time . 
had 4 cups of coffee today wooohooo lol 
Found a new place yesterday , gonna be moving over Easter . 
When I need to print something very important my printer flips out but when it is just checking the new ink it prints fine . Oh how I wish I had a sledgehammer . 
Find me on Last.fm as raziel660 . check out my tunes :) 
need a new pic . may post one sooner or later 
Moving is going smoothly . Will need some man power come Saturday . So if anyone is interested in helping me out , message me for my numer and I'll get a 24pack . We can kick some ass and crack open a cold one afterwards . 
Just realized that moving the critters is going to be very interesting . 
got moved in and everything . in pain from using the < PROPFEMALE > for something taller than me on Sunday . 
on my second cup of coffee nothing can stop me . :) 
finally back home . had a blast this weekend . 
gonna be hitting the laundrymat soon since the new place cannot accomodate the gas dryer which we had . 
loving my new place . especially since I can walk the dog only thing is she doesn't know how to walk on a leash . :( 
When you think that everything is going down the tubes , remember that you are here for a purpose , you may not have any frigging idea what it might be for but you are here and live it to the fullest . Look back only to compare to where you have been to where you are now don't dwell on the past my dears . So smile and remember that someone somewhere loves you . :) 
TGIF get to sleep in tomorrow woooot ! And < PROPFIRST > chica I want to see the pics that you and < PROPMALE > took last weekend :D 
computer screen is ticking me off . what doesn't help is the fact that where the screen plugs into the tower is a bit bent . grrrr . 
Got creative for my bird cage . using old chinchilla cage for them . Now they are happy as can be . Can't believe it is May already . 
Feeling miserable . if anyone finds the truck that ran me over please pop its tires for me . 
Happy Mother's day to all the amazing mothers out there . 
Scanning the computer , hoping that lastfm stops screwing up . 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't copyand paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding ? We all need a little extra help and understanding sometimes 
Last night I saw the episode of SNL with < PROPFEMALE > White . It is a must watch in my opinion . :) 
One thing I miss about my old place ? Central air ... 
watching some law and order on this rainy monday 
Went to an honors dinner for my bro . pretty proud of him . I forgot my camera tho D: 
Have you ever noticed that when you are busy everyone and I mean everyone decides to call you but when you have nothing going on the phone doesn't ring ? 
Is it a fault to care too much ? To truly give a damn about other people ? If so then that's my fault . 
2am should go to bed but don't feel like it 
Got new headset finally . Now my ears will be pain free . And I can now have my music on my speakers :D ! 
omg just found out KISS is coming back to Pittsburgh ! 
Re potted my cacti and discovered that my gloves are not thick enough . They are spiny little suckers . 
Feels like North < PROPFEMALE > again at least my plants are loving it 
sucks trying to open a file and the program doesn't want to respond D: 
nothing like trying to feed Pepper and Sundance and have my dog trying to eat them . ah the food chain at its finest . 
Three day weekend everyone be safe in your travels wherever the road may lead you this weekend . 
had the birds outside in their cage today . lets say it calmed them down phenomenally . :D 
to those who are serving in the military and have served , thank you . 
ah rain ! make the garden happy :D hope the tomatoes will come in nice and plump . 
ergh too damn warm , got an epic headache pain pills do not help :( 
well missed a tornado thank goodness . heard it hit raccoon state park tho . hope all is well out there . 
dog barking at the birds outside . darn thing thinks it is a cat . 
I am in search of new music . I have a last.fm < PROPFEMALE > and I am in need of some new awesome tunes . So leave a comment if anyone wants to suggest me something . 
knows that early morning does strange things to the human mind . I have a sudden need to listen to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s \Rocket Man \"" 
every time I want to clean out the truck it rains . I swear nature knows when I want to accomplish something . 
finally cleaned out the car , just need to vacuum it now . 
checked the garden this afternoon , getting some lettuce coming up and < PROPFIRST > brought home some fennel , so the garden is 30% complete . going to plant more on friday . :D 
Just saw the most interesting performance on \America's Got Talent\ " < PROPMALE > Poppycock . I have a feeling if he doesn't win he will at least go far . " 
I feel like a damn camel , so damn thirsty it isn't funny . Mouth feels like a desert and all I do is drink water . :( 
has been hearing a kitten for the past two hours out front of the house went out to look for it and found nothing . D: 
is the kind of girl who if she sees a campfire she must make it into a huge bonfire . Respond with what kind of person you are and then post this in your profile . 
gonna catch some ren and stimpy woot 
just had the dog out , she spotted a rabbit and just about ripped my arm off in pursuit of it . 
my computer freaked out this afternoon . turned it on and a ton of binary flew across a blue screen .... great way to start a Monday . 
saw one of the three kittens hanging out on my porch as cool as can be , that was until my dog scared him 
might reorganize a couple of things . \ 
hmmm , I need a new facebook pic . any ideas ? 
hitting up last.fm for new music yay :D 
finally got photoshop back on the computer . gonna fix some pics . 
finally some much needed rain . now if only the power will stay on then everything will be great . 
finally got some a/c for the place . had to rig the unit so hot air would not get in because the accordion wings were too big for the window . 
can someone remind me no more granola before bed ? had some strange as hell dreams . 
went for a jog today . wonder why people deem it necessary to drive on the complete opposite side of the road when they see a jogger when in fact the person is not even on the road . wtf is up with that ? 
I think I've finally got last.fm figured out yay ! 
hoping that my neighbors won't shoot off their bottle rockets tonight . getting a bit sick of it because dog freaks out and so do the rest of my critters . 
I thought of the perfect bumper sticker for me . \ 
\If you don't like my driving ... close your eyes because I do\ " :) " 
went out on the river today . makes me miss the ocean . 
Why does it seem like the weight of a dog increases when it sits on your lap ? 
Happy Fourth of July everyone ! Don't be a casualty so please be sober when driving and operating fireworks :) 
had a great picnic with good friends . remembered the sunscreen today . hope everyone is having a safe and happy fourth and thank you to the people who made it all possible . 
too warm can't sleep 
damn who ordered 90+ weather here ? wasn't me that's for sure ! 
how can it possibly be this damn late yet again ? seems to me what I am hunting for does not exist anymore . * headdesk * 
you know it is bad when even your dog doesn't want to walk outside . 
just finished something up , wish me luck my friends . \big money no whammies ! \"" 
hoping to go to bed earlier than five in the morning 
< PROPMALE > Morrison has such a beautiful voice 
Sometimes I feel like I got TB syndrome . Two brains . One is lost and the other one is out looking for it . 
We come in peace ... don't take the beer tho 
finally got a hair cut . and thankfully the person knew what they were doing so I do not feel bald . 
wondering if some dried ice in front of a fan will make an awesome air conditioner ... 
needs to find her fukitall bottle . 
should be getting some rain today finally 
well got the Beatles stuck in my head all of a sudden . 
damn shame that \The Darkness\ " broke up a couple of years ago . Even though they were a little cheesy I still like them . " 
Needs to catch up on House . Missing my favorite cantankerous , sarcastic and pill popping doctor . 
next weekend my father will be up here and he is bringing the best duct tape in the world . once you use this kind of stuff nothing else will work . :) 
seems to have turned mildly insomniac . I hear my bed calling yet I choose to ignore it . 
Got < PROPMALE > Potter on in the background , messed around with the garden earlier . need a swift kick in the ass to get out of the mood I've been in lately . 
how can a bear fit through a dog door ? Animal Extractors . 
Spork , the utensil drawer's Platypus . It is there for a reason but you don't know why . 
Thanks to those of you who wished me a happy birthday . :) 
Stress is that condition created when the mind overrides the body's basic < PROPFEMALE > to choke the living shit out of some asshole who desperately needs it . 
!!!!!!!! ~ INBOXONLY : inbox me something you've always wanted to tell me but couldn't do it face to face . I'll keep it between us I promise !!!!! Put this as your status and see what people have always wanted to tell you !!!!! 
went crazy and cleaned the bathroom this afternoon , living room is tomorrow . 
My heart is in your hands I hope you know it 
ergh need to see my chiropractor sometime soon . 
Dad should be here about 2 or 3am . going to install the little A/C unit at that time too . 
Dad arrived here about 4am . got the a/c unit in and the house feels amazing now . 
Just got home from visiting with relatives . And I am trying to find the dial to turn down the heat here in < PROPFEMALE > . 
had a job interview today . hope I get it . then going to be working 2 jobs . just need coffee then I'd be rockin ! 
was inches from shooting her printer ... it does not want to print my favorite photo . 
ok really is today be a goddamn idiot day ? why on earth do we let idiots breed ? 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me .. LIKE this status if you think im a good friend .. MESSAGE me if you ever wanted a date with me & COMMENT if you want a new friendship ! ? 
let me say if I ever posted a picture of my computer desk they would probably say \that's < PROPFEMALE > for sure \"" 
finally got some picture frames today . and getting sick of my anti virus popping up . 
rummages for her old Duck Hunt gun and goes \pew pew\ " at her computer " 
speakers on computer is acting up . strangely enough my headphones work . 
took forever it seems but yes I have music now . hate when last.fm acts up on me . 
to be totally honest this is the quietest that this house has been for a week . no phone ringing no nothing . 
< PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s Strawberry Cheesecake ice cream .... nuff said 
Invaded the garden and got some sizable hot peppers . 
I would give anything to have you here\ 
Just to hold you close hold you near\ 
To watch the stars across the sky\ 
To me you are a natural high 
going to put some tunes on and clean this place . 
argh computer monitor is screwed up yet again . at least the house is clean . 
catching lord of the rings on t.v damn was it that long ago it was in theaters ? 
Law & Order , computer scanning and watching my neighbors mow their lawn in sync ... kind of creepy if you ask me . Hmm wonder if < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > wrote anything like this yet . lol 
Check out my notes ! bringing some of my writings on deviant < PROPMALE > to here . so check them out . Feedback would be greatly appreciated . 
gah it sucks being hungry at 12:30 in the am . Some nachos sound epic right now ... 
You & I wakeup in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say tome ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things yourfriends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in yourstatus . Fair is fair . ) 
Torchwood is on . gotta love BBC . 
Oh crap there's a couple of concerts I'd do anything to see but they are either sold out or not coming to pittsburgh . 
the written word is enticing me once more . feels great to write again . 
There's a few people to thank for this resurgence of writing . Pathosray gets a shout out courtesy of their music and the others well , they will know who they are . 
Discovered one way to forget about my back issues , walk a mile in this beautiful weather and concentrate on my favorite music . 
if music could be considered an addiction , consider me addicted . 
You can tell that you've been watching too much Food Network when you think you are on Iron Chef and trying to cook like that . 
My dog knows how to spell , now if it was able to talk then we'd be in trouble . 
MacGuyvered cable to my brother's room and realized that his stations are completely fubar . seriously who needs like 5 different stations for Fox ? 
24 hours in a day ... 24 beers in a case ... coincidence ? 
If the universe is indeed insane , who is the asylum keeper ? 
hmmm left shoulder and back is having a race to see which can be a bigger pain . right now shoulder is winning . hoping that Excedrin kicks in soon enough once that does it is blissful sleep . 
Went to a farm market today got some beautiful produce . Can't wait till some of our stuff is ready . 
can't get comfortable at all gah . 
If you want to make people angry , lie to them . If you want to make them absolutely livid , then tell ' em the truth . 
Just remember , if the world didn't suck , we'd all fall off . 
When shooting a mime , don't use a silencer or his friends will hear you . 
everything happens for a reason . to you it might not be the right time or season in your mind so pick yourself off up the floor and go back for more . 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are ! A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . REPOST if you are blessed ...... with at least one true friend . They will know who ... they are . ? HUGS 
idiots don't beep when I am walking near a highway . 
got some green beans out of the garden today . now if the tomatoes can stop their invasion ... 
Feeling a lot better , saw my chiropractor today and got realigned . amazing what it does to ones psyche . 
excited ... going to hopefully see the Perseid's this year . No town lights blocking it out finally . 
got home a little bit ago from a night out with friends and saw some things in traffic that made me realize how much I despise this state sometimes . 
Pheasant ... the other tasty little bird . Thanks a ton < PROPFEMALE > for sharing it with us . :-) 
Paying for the roller-coasters last night . but it was totally worth it . 
How I wish I could be sleeping but that feeling is oh so fleeting . 
it is that time of the night again . kind of like wwe smackdown . Insomnia in one corner , her bed in the other . at this time of the night bed should win but seems like insomnia is victorious again . 
Well I can safely say that my brother is not going to like the new wallpaper on the computer .... 
is gonna miss her walk today but will make up for it in other ways . 
Really wants to rent \Eastern Promises \"" 
in the mighty tomato jungle I found a very few peppers . I need to figure out a way to wrangle the darn tomatoes . Cannot find my lettuce let alone any peppers . 
is slowly getting addicted to < PROPMALE > the Conquerer . How can that man go on half of those roller coasters ? 
hoping that I don't have to wake up early friday morning . I want to catch the meteor shower tomorrow night . 
Uncle < PROPMALE > , today you would have been 70 yet the Lord had other plans and called you home . Some people may say that 70 is old but in my opinion it is young . Eventually we will meet up again but until then I'll < PROPFEMALE > you in my heart . 
Friday the 13th . hmm sounds like a good time to buy a lotto card with my luck lol 
Missed the meteors this morning gonna try and catch them again tonight . 
better head outside those who are awake . meteor shower is underway . 
saw a decent amount of meteors last night . pretty happy that I stayed up and caught them . 
got 2 ripe tomatoes out of the garden . can't wait to have a taste . wonder if I can use those bad boys to make homemade spaghetti sauce . 
Had my fill of < PROPFEMALE > Wars today . nothing can beat the originals . 
Got wrestling on the tv 
You know that saying \dance like nobody is watching ? \ " well darling you better be dancing while dressed or else everyone will be watching ! lol " 
House clean , dog calm and more tomatoes . 
a bit bummed that this friday will be the season finale of Dual Survival . 
Cannot wait until the truck is finally fixed then I can finally give it the cleaning it deserves . 
Chinchilla tried to make the great escape tonight , surprised he even got his chubby ass up to where he was . 
Been in the process of trying to find a different job these past few weeks . I've put in so many applications that I have lost count . Seems like a better paying job is too much to ask for ... fml 
\Grave digger when you dig my grave can you make it shallow so I can feel the rain ? \ " DMB \ 
wants to dance in the rain 
The Roast of < PROPFIRST > Hasselhoff . pretty funny . 
did a tomato delivery to some good friends out at the campground . straightened up the house some too . 
It is much easier to control the mind than it is to control the heart . With the mind you can place things into the darkest recess where you don't have to worry , yet with the heart everything is out in the open . 
Some things in life are free and then some cost you dearly . 
shoulder bruised , got attacked by the laundry mat door . 
< PROPFEMALE > Got Talent is on ... waiting for my favorite performer to grace the stage with his presence . 
At 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom really doesn't know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn't know a thing ! At 16 : Mom who ? At 18 : that's old school ! ... At 25 : maybe mom knows about this . At 35 : Let's ask mom before deciding . ...... At 45 : I wonder what mom would think about this ?. At 75 : I wish I could ask mom about this ! Post this if you have/had the best mom in the world ! 
These past few years have been trying and I'd like to thank all of my friends for sticking by my side . You all know who you are and I thank you from the bottom of my heart . Love you guys and gals . 
yay ! three of my favorite acts moved on in < PROPFEMALE>'s Got Talent . I was on the edge of my seat for a minuet there . 
wonders what makes some people tick . 
Dog = depends on breed \ 
Lazer pointer = $2 \ 
Entertainment value = priceless 
just caught Eastern Promises ... good movie 
If I sill lived in the south I'd be at the beach right about now with a cold beer in one hand and the radio dial in the other . 
it is never too late to tempt < PROPFEMALE > for a desirable turnabout . 
an IV of coffee will make me feel amazing right about now . 
hopefully tonight I can find the \off\ " switch for the thought process . running on hardly any sleep is far from fun . " 
Woke up at 5:30 this morning with another restless night . I hate it when my mind puts stuff on replay . 
I got a short story that has been in the works for a while that I am going to start working on again . It is mostly a noir type story . I was wondering if I decide to post it in my notes if anyone would read it . 
Patiently waiting for Blind Guardian to announce their US tour dates . Sadly I got a while to wait because the announcement will be on the 8th of this month . :-\\ I hope that there is a < PROPFEMALE > date . 
Ok people I know that today begins the holiday weekend . Please drive safely . 
Sometimes I wonder why I even try when I know it will lead to destruction . Guess I am persistent . Which is a good thing right ? 
had a great afternoon . picnic with my favorite people and got to see my little dudes Braedyn and < PROPFIRST > . 
the four cups of coffee from earlier happens to be leaving me . how can I tell ? falling asleep to Dimmu Borgir . lol 
well my mum is happy now with the computer background lol 
What goes around comes around ? Really ? So how come I am a good person ; in many ways , but yet < PROPFEMALE > deems it necessary that I get treated like crap and have terrible luck . Can someone please explain this phenomenon to me ? 
tomorrow I will find out if Blind Guardian is coming around Pittsburgh , if they do that will totally make my day . 
is feeling pretty damn good tonight . 
crazy morning ... come home and find out no Pitt or < PROPMALE > dates for Blind Guardian . /sigh .... Hope that today gets better . 
epiphany .... I got a feeling the < PROPFIRST > pool needs cleaning . anyone want to help ? 
looked at my mum and said someone's getting old and she said \what did I leave something sitting out ? \ " I said no ... it's your birthday :) " 
need to buy a new phone . when I do whomever wants the new number just message me . might be this week that I get the phone or next week . just bear with me . 
much thanks to a good friend of mine for giving us their dryer . 
Since I am not a guy I cannot call myself a \Jack of all trades\ " so I shall call myself a \ " Jill of all trades . \ " Connected the washer & dryer after wrestling said dryer into the house . \ 
had a great night tonight going to catch the air show tomorrow with my bro < PROPMALE > and his girl . :) 
came home from the air show and wow the Thunderbirds are frigging amazing ! just the precision of how they fly amazes me . 
damn computer monitor decides to screw up . ergh ... 
getting ready to head back out . got my bottle of < PROPMALE > Grey and ready to kick this day's ass . 
gah when I think everything is going ok something has to crop up ... fml 
can't wait for tomorrow night's results on AGT . hoping my favorite wins . 
I hope I can pull a miracle out of thin air right now . damn bank screwed me over every which way to Sunday . * headdesk repeatedly * 
found < PROPMALE > Poppycock here on facebook poor guy has too many friend requests already lol . 
.... not cool 4th place for Poppycock ? he should have gotten first ! 
computer was acting up sometimes I wonder why I even have the darn thing . 
not feeling good at all ... 
hooray ! season two of Dual Survivor has been picked up ! I love that show . 
just got some good news this morning . it always helps to let everything go and let things take their natural course . 
nothing like having some random person add you on Skype , then they don't tell you who the hell they are . 
Que sera sera , what happens happens ... 
today is the best day of the week . for one it is Friday and two it is payday . when they combine nothing can bring me down . :) 
Isn't it fun when brain and mouth don't connect ? 
sometimes sleep doesn't do a body good ... 
If you're brave . Copy this status & see what people pick for you ! \ 
( 1 ) Crazy\ 
( 2 ) Wish we went out\ 
( 3 ) Talkative\ 
( 4 ) Sarcastic\ 
( 5 ) Lovable\ 
( 6 ) Sexy\ 
( 7 ) Strong\ 
( 8 ) Dumb\ 
( 9 ) Dumb\ 
( 10 ) Mouthy\ 
( 11 ) Wild\ 
( 12 ) Goofy\ 
( 13 ) Awesomely awesome\ 
( 14 ) Kiss \ 
( 15 ) Beautiful\ 
( 16 ) Weird\ 
( 17 ) Love you\ 
( 18 ) Random\ 
( 19 ) Best friend\ 
( 20 ) Amazing ;) 
hoping my mum feels better soon . I hate it when she feels miserable . 
finally found some awesome nacho cheese . then it is off to straighten up the house . 
It makes me crack up like hell when people talk about stuff that they have no idea of whatsoever . seriously if you have a problem with me tell it to my face . don't be going behind my back and dragging others into it . thank you and have a blessed day . 
A politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed soldier once in 6 months . A politician flies 1st class ; a soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's pension is not reduced ; a soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys an expense account ; a soldier must justify extra ......... rations . A politician vows to defend their country ; a soldier ... actually keeps that promise . RE-POST IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS 
feeling like meh . 
Migraine making me feel like total crap . nauseated to the stomach . sipping peppermint tea hoping that it helps me . 
I see it on the horizon , I smell it in the air , it is almost here it's the weekend ! and boy do I need it . two days to sleep in and try not to feel miserable . 
f my brain ... family is watching \Just Desserts\ " and someone said \ " whoopee pie\ " and I swear they said \ " wookie pie \"..." 
is it sad that sometimes I feel more of a man than a man ? y'all might know who I am talking about . I've grown as a person in the past few months and I don't need people acting like children in my life . 
Took < PROPFEMALE>'s advice and now I feel like a human . hooray ! 
I got a feeling that a visit to the doctor might be in order on Monday . not too excited but it has to be done . 
got an idea on how to rearrange the house :D 
Learned something awesome today thanks to Terry ... I am a damn good shot :D 
dining room chair\ 
sometimes the floor 
AAAAAhhhhh SHooooooo ?.... Ifyou're allergic to bullshit , drama queens , head games , liars , two faced fake people , keep this sneeze going ..... I can't wait to see who reposts !!! 
ok this damn rain needs to stop . it makes me feel miserable and want to sleep all the time . plus I need to gather up the tomatoes that remain in the garden . and kidnap my aloe < PROPFEMALE > babies haha . 
nothing like a flat tire to start off this beautiful day ... 
A 13yr old boy in Texas shot himself in the head after years of bullying for supposedly being gay . < PROPMALE > Walsh 13 , < PROPMALE > himself from a tree after relentless bullying for being gay . < PROPFIRST > Clementi 18 , a freshman at Rutgers , jumped off the GW Bridge after his roommate broadcasted a video of < PROPFIRST > w/ another guy . Today , I STAND UP TO THOSE BULLIES in their honor . If you care to stand up with me , repost this as your status 
sneezing can be detrimental to your health .... 
ok why the hell the im on here isn't working ? 
is a straight ally and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and the government's failure to recognize LGBT families for immigration purposes tears bi-national couples and families apart . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/dABysy . 
happy that there's no work tomorrow that gives me time to work on the house . 
is a straight ally and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and almost 90% of LGBT youth experience harassment in school , and too many lives have been lost . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/dABysy . 
went shopping and forgot 2 key components to the buttermilk ranch dressing that I was planning on making today . 
Gandalf ! Dumbledore ! who's from what ? lol ah I just love my friends :3 
first attempt at the ranch dressing . turned out great almost perfect . :) 
finally figured out the issue with my computer monitor . I am looking into buying a new graphics card so it can take some of the strain off of the monitor . Then maybe ... just maybe it will stop freaking out on me . 
ergh not feeling good 
Put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice-people who are gay are not looking for a cure but , ACCEPTANCE andEQUALRIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you ... make it your status for at least one hour ? Promote LOVE & Acceptance ! NOT hate ! 
ok who invited a truck to run my ass over today ? feeling like crap . 
feels like curling into fetal position but I gotta do what I gotta do . 
STOP ! Lookto your right . Whatever object you see there is your designated weapon in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse ! Comment on this post to tell me what it is , then repost to spread the zombie virus . 
feels like she actually coughed up a lung . 
finally Friday , now if I could only kick this nagging cough ... 
Has started to knit again . making a hat right now . at least it takes my mind off of this constant cough . 
Interesting how certain things can make you think of people . It can be a smell , it can be a taste or a sound . Feeling a little sentimental tonight . 
I am glad that I got the friends I do at work . Let's just say someone just cannot keep my name out of their mouth . Hate me , call me a bitch but get one thing right < PROPFEMALE > I am HBIC . Not my fault you are bitter and that I've moved on . 
pretty pumped up about tomorrow night . :) 
had a great night tonight . alot of people recognized my costume didn't win a prize tho but the memories are the prize :D 
Possibly heading out to Phantom Fright Nights tonight with a couple of my buddies . Can't wait to get the last roller-coaster ride of the season in . 
well Kennywood is out of the question now . One of the people I was going with ended up staying at work till late . 
Looked in my wallet to see if I could return today and get a Friday or Saturday instead . Sadly there is no receipt to be found . 
I found my guardian angel . he is sitting in the corner with a cigarette dangling from his lips and watching the smoke rise to the air . caring less and less every day about trivial matters . I try to get his attention , motioning and beckoning him over yet he brushes me away like an errant child . 
this new font on facebook is highly annoying and a little hard on the eyes . 
Finally tomorrow is Friday and Saturday is my bro's birthday . He already knows what he is getting from me for his b-day . 
1 . Go to Google maps . 2 . Go to directions 3 . Type Japan as the start location . 4 . Type < PROPFEMALE > as the end location . 5 . Go todirection #43 . 6 . Laugh , and repost . 
my dog acts like a child I swear . pay attention to someone or something else for a moment and she sulks 
Saw Toy Story 3 today ... Disney and Pixar did a good job of making me miss my childhood toys . 
tomorrow is the best day of the month .... payday 
knows that tomorrow will be spent cleaning seeing as I got home with only an hr to spare then back to the yellow box that nobody can see . 
Thank you to all the Veterans out there . 
Am I the only one who is getting sick and tired of hearing about poor defenseless dogs and cats being left in abandoned houses as the owners make up miserable excuses as to why they could not take care of said pets ? One excuse was from a cop ( who should know better ) saying that the dogs were his wives ... 
wow got some wild winds here today 
Has found out that 200 is the < PROPMALE > allowed for a youtube playlist 
Thanks a ton < PROPFIRST > for coming over . Tv works wonderful and the living room looks great . :) 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANTED YOU THERE ! I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS , BUT ALSO AS FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ON MY FRIENDS LIST ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY & PASTE THIS AS ... YOUR ... STATUS . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY&FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE :) 
RaShawn R . I . P\ 
Another young life full of promise has been taken away from us . 
holy shit finally got the computer back after two week hiatus . lets just say I had enough horses to fill a barn :( so I am back ... feel my wrath lol ! 
Going shopping around Christmas time is the bane of my existence . I absolutely hate doing it . It's not all the Christmas music , just the sheer fact that people about run you over when they are shopping . 
happy I got my music playing . liking this snow seeing my dog play in it makes me crack up . 
message me a # any number I'll post a blurb about you//you and I . 
#52 you and I we go way back haha . you've grown up into a really amazing person and when you are back here in Penna we will have to < PROPFEMALE > out somehow 
ok not fair ... back is killing because of either weather or needing an adjustment . Got National Lampoon Christmas on and just staying in tonight 
okay who invited grimlins to play kickball in my head ? got a migraine . 
Let me get this straight : < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55-hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ?! \ 
Feel free to repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree . Proud to support equal rights for ALL ! 
had enough of this frozen wasteland which is outdoors . just because my ancestors came from where it was cold does not mean I enjoy it . 
everyone in my house is sick with the exception of me for now . I don't want to get a cold especially with Christmas right around the corner . 
Feeling adventurous in my cooking foray . Going to make some fudge with pieces of fireballs in it will let everyone knows how it turns out once I make it . And whoot for Christmas break . 
well today started off with a bang * literally * 
Well time to get my bake and cook on . Have safe travels tonight for those who are going out . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
seems like next year is going to be the year of weddings . Four different people I know are engaged so congrats to them all . 
cell phone dead ... fml 
Verizon is actually pretty awesome with customer support . New phone will be here tomorrow . 
ok some asshole needs to stop spreading hate on my bro or else I'd bring some hate to them . don't tread on my family . 
Every time I hear a Kamelot song , the more I love < PROPFIRST > Khan . 
back to the daily grind going back to work was made easier thanks to my friends :) 
hip hurting feeling like Dr. House 
There are very few human comforts that make me happy but having a good cup of tea and having < PROPFIRST > Khan sing is two of my favorite things . Oh yeah and today being Friday makes it three :) 
[ POKE ] me if you've ever had a crush on me or still do . :) \ 
[ LIKE ] this status if you think I'm a good friend . :) \ 
[ MESSAGE ] me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . :) \ 
[ COMMENT ] on this if we have had good memories . :) \ 
[ COPY & PASTE TO YOUR STATUS ] if you're brave :) 
nothing like going outside in your pjs with a dog in the snow . 
I'm not superstitious , but this year July has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy ,... will be without money 
guess I have to make some phone calls tomorrow to get something settled . hate when things get complicated . 
whiteness blinding everywhere\ 
going by without care\ 
dark of night embraces all 
damnit refs you know where the flags can go ... 
Stairway to 7 ! 
made chili that came out good . had to get a new mouse today and it is wireless . loving it :) 
made a redneck freezer last night because the fridge shit the bed . got new fridge today thanks to my amazing landlord :) 
TGIF ! 
tonight going to pick adopt a kitten expect a blast of cat photos in your newsfeed :) 
found some interesting music on youtube . techno of all things and I am laughing because it is so funny yet serious at the same time ... 
wrestled my neighbor's trashcans then grabbed mine and slid all the way down to my house . oh what joy . no idea what the wind speed is but if I wanted to fly I could just stick my arms out and flap lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > is sick going to take her to the vet after work . I feel bad because there is no way for me to help her out poor thing is snotty . 
come on Steelers bring 7 home ! 
my cat loves our toilet . she sits in front of it yowling . > < 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone 
Feeling like I am on cloud 9 ! 
got to love when a cat has catnip and attacks the dog 
first off who ordered snow and two I swear I might have saw a dog sled team on my way home tonight ... 
Cat is doing a whole lot better , she's gained a pound and a 1/2 and is now very active . 
remember you do not own the cat ... the cat owns you 
< PROPFEMALE > ... 
got some songs stuck in my head . happy that the sun is finally out for once . can't wait till it warms up and I can finally enjoy the outdoors again . 
today someone asked me if I was going to wear all green on St. < PROPFIRST>'s day . Now don't get me wrong I like green yet the idea of wearing green from head to toe does not appeal to me . 
was just getting use to seeing the ground again but apparently nature had other ideas . 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
finally installed a tension < PROPMALE > in the shower . would have been easier if the cat was not trying to imitate me . 
OMG ! I just realized ... We sit and stare at a screen , We have imaginary farms , cities and fake animals . We poke people and its ok . OMG we even write on walls . Think about it ... Facebook is a mental hospital ... and we are all patients . \ 
No wonder we are all so happy here ! \ 
Feel free to steal . I did ! LOL 
I just love the rain and watching my hair poof out . 
Put this dog on\ 
. //^ ^\\\\ your status\ 
(/ (_•_) \\) to show\ 
. _/''*''\\_ that you are\ 
(,,,) ^ (,,,) Against Animal Cruelty 
TGIF !! let this weekend not go as fast as the others . 
got into a rare mood to work on a short story . hopefully I will be able to end this one . and does anyone know any good < PROPFEMALE > rock bands ? in the mood for < PROPFEMALE > rock & roll . 
strange isn't it how we can look to where we were at a year ago and see how much we've changed ? how much one can grow within that time span ? 
might have had too much coffee this a.m but then again it is never too much 
guess buying the cat toys is useless , she much rather play with bottle caps . 
I did the Macarena with a fireman sliding down a hill because that's how I roll 
went out to eat dinner tonight and let me tell you the service sucked horribly . the man completely ignored my table and forgot the other part of my order . and to top it all off when I went to pay the < PROPMALE > he looked at me like I had 2 heads and said \wow you look different standing up\ " seriously dude are you that big of an idiot ? smh . " 
reconnecting my scanner still need to find one more of the connectors . 
can't believe it is sunday already 
