At a family gathering with my cousin 

First day of summer school ... 
is going to summer school ... 
Finally Thursday , a week closer until I'm done 
Studying for History Exam 
KEEGAN !!!!! 
is about to head off to class 
no school tomorrow , feels good =P 
1 more week until summer school over ! 
is watching anime =P 
Finally back on Summer break no more summer school !!! 
Cousin is visiting for the weekend 
First day at school was interesting 
English 1A was interesting , a lot of freshmen in my class 
Oh man one more day until our trip to < PROPFIRST > Cal 
WOOT ! oh ya finally 19 years old 
Blizzcon !!!!! Finally at cousin place !!! 
Back in school again after my trip to Blizzcon 09 ..... 
is finally home from long day of school 
got to go to the shooting range this weekend , it was fun did pretty good 
man I'm very bored with Chem reading right now 
is hungry right now and want FOOD !! 
Cousin over at my place for the weekend 
is doing homework on Labor Day =( 
Chem Lab felt very long today , just got out , tired .... 
Went to Mall with Cousin 
studying for Chem test !!! 
Finally Thursday 
is study for Chem and Food & Nutrition 
gotta take little brother to school ....... tired .... zzzz 
is writing an English Essay ..... almost done =) 
Finally Thursday ! 
studying for Food and Nutrient Exam for tomorrow 
studying for Chem Exam coming up soon 
Alright new anime season are out woot 
tired from all that studying .... 
Hmmmm .... Finally Thursday .... this week went back so fast 
going to play some tennis with cousin 
Studying for Chem Exam 
is still studying for Chem Exam ...... 
Finally done with studying for today .. woot 
Woot no English class today ! 
is going to Movies 
had long day helping out my church Viet culture event 
Law Abiding Citizen was a great movie ! 
Man today was long , time for some Chem studying ..... it never ends ... school 
saw the new Starcraft 2 battle report #4 awesome ! 
bored ... 
Tired from practice the steps for culture night coming up 
studying for Chem Exam 
Finally done with studying for tonight ... it was long 
is watching anime until his next class at 1 
Chem lab today felt so long ..... so glad it finally done 
you know I really want to play some starcraft today ! for some reason lol 
Another day of study for exams .... this time its Food and Nutrition 
Studying for Food and Nutrition Exam 
Modeling practice for the upcoming Vietnamese Culture event was long and tiring .... 
Studying for Food and Nutrition 
1 exam down , 1 more exam and a essay to go 
OK time for more Chem studying 
Finally done with lab and Chem exam ! 
Alright almost done for the week 
Finally can relax .... done with all those exam and that essay ! 
The Vietnamese Culture Event was a blast , tired from all the performance 
Doesn't feel like going to Chem class today , but I have to ...... 
class starting again after a good 5 days of no school 
Man , can not believe I got up this morning without a problem , must be back in school mode after this long break 
Woke up later for Chem class , made it to class with 1 minute to spare ... man what a crazy morning 
Having early pre-family gathering for Thankgiving 
going to be a busy week 
Almost done with classes for the week , just Chem lab than I am done 
Oh man so much to do tonight , got to get everything done ! 
Back from Go-karting and Movies ... it was fun now time to get ready for a long drive to LA 
Oh man so tired finally back from LA and now in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
So much to study for Chem Exam Wednesday , I am so stress .... 
Time for some studying ...... the Phu was great , I am charged now ! 
Time to head off to English class 
Time for an all nighter for Chem Exam 
Oh man the Chem Exam was a killer .... 
Finally the week is over , time to relax for a bit now 
two more weeks until winter break 
Last night of relaxing than tomorrrow massive studying for upcoming finals 
So much info to remeber ...... 
Need to focus on my final studies 
Studying for chem final , what a great way to spend my Saturday -_- 
Oh man last day to study for my Chem Final ..... O.O 
Finally done with Chem 60 ! WOOT ! I totally Ace that final , oh ya ! 
Feels good with no more finals 
Time for Christmas shoppping 
Chilling with my cousin 
Feels good that I have no school 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! 
A new year is coming up soon , this year has gone by so fast , it hasn't felt like a year has past 
Got to meet a family of mines that is here in < PROPFEMALE > to go to school 
School starting once again , I guess I must get ready for school Monday 
Been playing Borderlands for the past week , good game but man it was too short > < 
So glad there no school tomorrow =) 
So tired from studying all day ........ time to go home ! 
Studying for Psych Exam ...... tired -_- 
Still at school ...... in the library studying for my Psych Exam still .... must focus !! 
Studying for Physio Exam coming up this week 
What the ..... it was just < PROPFEMALE > this morning and afternoon , and now its raining .... 
WOOT !!! Finally Starcraft 2 Beta is coming soon this month !!! 
The Vietnamese New Year Culture Event was fun ........ help with the games =) 
The day has finally come for me to step on the field of space and fight of these evil aliens ! 
Starcraft 2 beta is finally here woot ! > < when will they e-mail me for my < PROPMALE > to play the beta ........ come on ! FOR THE TERRAN EMPIRE !! 
I so want to play Starcraft 2 beta right now but can't , I have class and a lab after .......... why !!! 
Alright done with Psych exam studying , now on to physio 
Studying for the Physio Quiz tomorrow ........ 
Feel so much more relax after the Physio quiz =) 
Doing homework now , lets get things done ! 
Long day of studying for upcoming exams 
So tired .... been at school since 8am .. now its 9pm wow ... man I'm tired .. but I got some good studying done 
Writing my Psych Paper ..... 5 pages so far ...... 
Paper finally done , time for some history studying ! 
I'm cold ...... 
so tired .............. -_- .. zzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Finally done with EXAMS !!! 
I am so not tired after my 11 hours sleep O.O 
Feels good to have a break from school , after a crazy 2 weeks of studying ! 
Time to get some homework done today 
Nice got another Beta key woot ! 
Just saw Repo Men , it was very interesting , had so good laughs 
Off to family gathering of the day my grandfather died , time to pay some respects for once that has pass on to the after life 
Back to school again ...... not in the school mode yet ..... 
Long day of school 
Had a good day , got to < PROPFEMALE > out with friend =) 
Time finish up my research paper !!! 
Studying for Physio quiz tomorrow ....... focus !! 
Almost time for my Psych Exam ....... I'm ready let get it over with =) 
So I got Killing FLoor over the weekend , now I'm getting bored of kill zombie/monster-humanoids , so much death ....... so far in the death of 1,000 s ....... oh well ... hehe 
Its a Monday once again , this week going to be a long one ......... 
Whats up with this weather , first it was raining , then it < PROPFEMALE > , and now it rainy again ....... 
Finally done with < PROPMALE > Exam , feeling so much better getting it over with 
Studying for Psych Exam 
Heading out for Tennis class , look like a nice day to play 
Getting ready to go to a wedding 
Finally done with todays Exam , WOOT ! 
Man , having such a bad headache ....... 
So awesome that Starcraft 2 is releasing in stores July 27 !!!! 
Worst day ever in long time , massive headache from tired eyes from too much reading ............ had stuff I wanted to do today too dam > < 
Just finish seeing all of season 1 of Bones ! 
Saw Iron Man 2 last night it was awesome !! 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY ! 
Had a productive day today , got some good studying done today , feeling good . 
That nap felt good , time to get back to studying 
Got in a car accident last night ......... dam those deers !!!! 
Studying for finals this week ....... focus ... 
alright one exam down , two more to go 
WOOT ! my injuries on my left hand is healing nicely , come on be good for tennis final Friday ! 
BlizzCon 2010 Tickets on \ 
Sale June 2 and June 5 ! WOOT ! 
Finally done with 2nd exam , one more to go than I'm free 
Finally done with all my exam woot !! 
So far this week my summer break has been boring .... 
Feel so proud I'm my little brother from graduationg from Middle School and his epic speech he presented . 
Got my new car yesterday , its pretty awesome , finally I'll be able to drive again 
Oh man Blizzcon tickets go on sale tomorrow at 7pm 
Damit , failed on getting the blizzcon ticket today , hopefully can get some on the 5th . 
In < PROPMALE > , got to < PROPFEMALE > with Keegan , been a good for me . 
Finally got back from < PROPMALE > 
Time to run some errand for parents , going to be a busy day . 
Last day until summer school class starts . 
Back to school once again for the summer . 
Just got out of class , first day of political science wasn't so bad 
Today was a warm day , fell asleep reading .......... 
Man didn't get any sleep last night , I'm going to be so tired today . 
First week of summer school finally over 
OMG , new DS 3D , all I have to say is WOW !! Man tech is advancing in gaming are doing well , now I want a virtual mmorpg that feel like you are really there , you think it does it , like a dream of amazing reality . When that tech comes I'll be a happy person . 
Today is my brother confirmation to the church , I am now his brother a go-father , lol . 
Family Confirmation Party was great fun , got to see family that I haven't seen in long time . 
Nice ! new Blizzard Battle.net Real ID engine is finally up and running for all feature Blizzard games . Cross realm and game chat , AWESOME ! 
Studying for my first exam of the summer . 
Feels good , my first exam is finally over . 
Writing my research paper for my political science class . 
Feels good that I'm finally done with my research paper , now just got to get the teacher to review my paper , that I'm all set =) 
WOOT , finally the final copy of my research paper is done ! 
Saw The Avater the Last Airbender last night at midnight in 3D , was so disappointed ..... 
Get to see family that I haven't seen in sometime it is going to be awesome . 
So tired from the congrats party for cousin ....... dam headache , time for sleep =) 
Time for a family party on July 4th . 
Family BBQ and watched fireworks at night with family , it was great lots of fun ... tired now need to sleep . 
Time to catch up on homework . 
Been feeling tired these last few days , can't wait until weekend starts to get more sleep . 
Feel so much better with enough sleep last night =) 
Alright time to get some homework done today . 
Finally got done with my Midterm , feels so much better now . 
1 more week of summer school , almost oh ya ! 
Had a good day , got to < PROPFEMALE > out with friends all day , that I haven't got to < PROPFEMALE > for so long . 
Studying for final , almost done with summer class , must focus . 
Dam .... Starcraft 2 beta is final over .... 
One more day until I'm done with summer classes ! 
Felt good that I don't have summer classes anymore , 3 weeks off until Fall semester , got two make the best of it until then . 
Had a awesome day at the Vietnamese Community Event . So tired now ..... catcher the flag was great ! 
Starcraft 2 release TONIGHT , at 12:00 am , its going to be so awesome , its going to be Zerg and Protess HUNTING TIME !!! 
Downloading Starcraft 2 right now , almost there until combat !! 
Had good day , got to < PROPFEMALE > with friends that I haven't < PROPFEMALE > out in so long . 
Went airsofting with friends it was so much fun since I last played like 2 years ago , sucks that my gun broke though ........ 
School tomorrow , man this summer really went by so quickly ...... 
Oh man haven't woken this early in so long , so not use to it yet .... 
First day in Micro 5 wasn't so bad , time really flew by for me today . 
Having my first quiz for this fall semester , should be easy , study enough for it . 
Thank you to everyone that wish me a Happy Birthday !!! 
Had a great time hanging out with my cousin < PROPFIRST > in SF , that came up here from < PROPFIRST > Cal !! 
Time to do some homework now ....... going to be long day . 
Another week of school , feels like it going to be a long week ..... 
Its so hot today once again ..... 
So glad I'm at school in the liberary with AC on ! 
Doing homework on a Saturday ....... oh man so much fun .... 
Got my first Speech today for speech class , I can do it !!! so ready !! 
Done with my first Micro Exam this semester , it wasn't so bad but I'm so tired and lazy now though ....... 
Time to study for my Micro exam again ..... 
OMG been studying all day ...... need a break now . 
Finally finish my lecture exam for micro 5 , so tired now but got an 86% on my lab exam , so lets keep this high grade exam score train going !! 
Just figure out that my micro exams are on a curve grading , have a A- now =) 
OMG was so ready when power went out , come you zombies you will die !!! 
Last minute review before my lab exam for micro lets do it !!!! 
1 more week until Blizzcon 2010 !!!! 
At school on a Saturday studying , feels so weird being at school on the weekend . 
Got to finish all these essays and go super crazy on studying before going to BLIZZCON 2010 !!! It be so worth it when Thursday come ! 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is neither a disease nor achoice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure , but for acceptance and equal rights . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make ... this your status for at least one hour ? 
BIZZCON 2010 !!!!!! NUCLEAR LAUNCH DETECTED !!! 
First day of BLIZZCON 2010 done , can't wait until I get back there again ! 
Blizzcon 2010 was awesome had a lot of fun with friends ! But now I'm back and need to study now for Exam tomorrow . 
So I got to say Diablo 3 is awesome , loving the PvP aspect of the game =) . Also the new Blizzard made Starcraft 2 DOTA is also amazing !! 
Finally done with my Micro Exam man I'm mentally tired now . 
Here at school on a Saturday again ..... must study , focus !!! 
Another day at school , on a Saturday studying for midterm . 
Can't wait for this day to end , NO SCHOOL TOMORROW WOOT !! 
Studying for Midterm at school like a good student =) 
Finally done with my Micro Midterm so glad that it is finally over !! 
OMG finally done with my Disease Report WOOT !!!! 
Time to go crazy on all the homework that needs to be done before final's week !! 
WoW expansion in 1 hour and 27 minute !!! Going to be so awesome , lets get ready to stealth my way to victory as a < PROPMALE > at lvl 85 !! 
Bah , I'm tired from that midnight launch for WoW expansion with friends , well at least I'm lvl 81 now , 4 more lvls to go , going to be a long day today .... 
Man this year is going by so fast , have only 1 more day after this 1 then I'm finally done with normal classes , then on to the finals . 
I wish everyone good luck with there finals this week ! Lets finish this semester with a bang !! 
Hi everyone from from the country of Taiwan , man the 14 hour trip to SF to here was a killer .... 
WOOT !!! In Vietnam now ! it is so fun seeing family I haven't seen in so long ! Only day 2 of my trip too ! 
Day 7 , so far everything is going awesome , met with some very lovely girls on my trip so far . Life is good right now , I wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!! Hope all my friends that are still in the USA are missing me =P 
So I just met my most favorite relative in Vietnam , hes own a internet/PC business , free usage of the computer and internet ! 
WOOT ! Coming back to < PROPFEMALE > ! At Taiwan airport now , see everyone soon also with photos of my trip =) 
Feels good to have some sleep after coming back to < PROPFEMALE > , still have to got use to the timezone change ..... 
First day of the spring semester .... going to be a busy semester too . 
Almost time for my Anat 1 class , going to be a interesting day . 
Played Magic with bro's , it was awesome , dam you < PROPMALE > , -_- 
Got second place at the Magic pre-release tournment today =) 
Third week of school and I already got two exam already ...... Oh well I'll just have to Ace them all . 
So tired from all that studying .... time to go to bed and Ace my Anatomy Exam the next day !! 
HAPPY VIETNAMESE/CHINESE NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!!!! 
Feeling so lazy today .... still have a three hour lab too ... 
Blizzcon 2011 has been an announce , Oct 21-22 !!!!! 
Almost time for my < PROPMALE > 11 exam , lets do this I'm ready ! =) 
Studying for class , 62 pages down ..... 44 more pages to go ! 
Feeling so tired today , but I must get some homework done today ..... 
Its studying time !! Lets get this done so I can play some League of Legends with bros 
Just finish with my < PROPMALE > 8 Midterm , ace that test !! 
Writing up my essay for < PROPMALE > 11 class , have to write about a Asian disicpline so I'm writing it on my Judo class , oh ya so easy =) 
Just got back from church , prayed for me RIP aunt that died 2/28/11 . I would like thank the support of all the people of my church for attending the pray for a time of lost for my family . 
Once this week is over its Spring Break !!! But before that I must study for my midterms !!! 
SPRING BREAK !!!! 
Feels good to know there is no school tomorrow because its spring break !!!! 
Back to school again when I wake up .... so sad that it has to end . 
