I love to love and dream to dream . 

Stumbling into brain land from a drunken stupor . 
I might be melting into a flower scented candle stick 
studying my essence 
I'm moving to Seattle ! Join me for some drinks at the Chug tomorrow night people ! 
Maybe a little bit of goodbyes on Tuesday night too ! I forgot the girls are leaving for the weekend ! I'm getting sad sad sad about saying goodbye to the chug and SF :( . 
I'm hot , sticky , packing , and going in and out of sanity . TEARS ! 
A Budget truck is my home , thank the skies for friends and I haven't showered in 3 days ... but Seattle is effing worth it ! Come visit when have home that doesn't move . <3 
Home sweet home ! 
Thank you for my birthday wishes loves ! Miss everyone and hope all are well . xoxo .... I dance with flowers that never wilt . 
Seattle makes me sleepy . 
imagine . dream . discover . live . learn . teach . stand when you have fallen . believe in the power of love , passion and courage . remember who you are . build a friendship with yourself . laugh , laugh and laugh . 
Intelligence cries within the heart . 
Boys , a big heart is more powerful than a wallet full of cash , a black book full of < PROPFIRST > and a garage full of toys . And ladies , why are we talking about makeup , broken nails and reality Television ? We have a beautiful world crying for our help . Please , pause the tivo , put down the beer , take a break from youporn and sit . Let's have conversations about how to use our differences to fight for a better world . 
passion lives for peace . 
\Only sinners pee . Non-sinners urinate . \"- Chelsea Haddock " 
\Knowledgeable people know facts . Successful and prosperous people know people . \"- John Demartini " 
I've decided . I'm in love with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Must get to L.A. to tell him that I too sniff roofies with < PROPFIRST > Clooney . 
Watching the leaves fall . I'm in awe of such simple beauty . It's wonderful to be in a mysterious world and its a gift to experience it with others . Love as much as you can and live as you please . A gift can only live so long and the < PROPFEMALE > can change in an instant . Be brilliant . Look for beauty where it waits . 
Maybe time , isn't about time . 
I feel like a blotted line . 
In love with my paint brush , pen , Orangina , pizza , MOVIES and life . MOVIES ! 
Life is fucking brilliant . 
\How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before beginning to improve the world . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > " 
Let the tender crash of innocence step within . I'm in a dream and so are you . With strength , sweetness grows . Let it nestle in . Get cozy with your damn self . ;p 
Change starts with us ! 
< PROPFEMALE > petals are falling from my mind . 
Pretty organs are wrapped in pretty bows ! 
Super d duper stoked ! Good < PROPMALE > coming into town , loving Seattle and it's fine folks , boyfriend coming home , finally have a garbage can , and a little peace of mind . Time to create madness while balancing on one toe . 
Life plays hard . Fight back with love . 
Beauty and light sleeps within all . We must open our hearts and minds to feel . We must love and respect one another . Our beauty cries to be felt . Peace waits with our light . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! And Happy Holidays ! xoxo 
Looking into the eyes of nature . 
an old wound is bleeding to be felt 
What a cackle the foolish soul has and what beauty a silent < PROPFEMALE > holds . How wonderful to observe . 
BLACK . 
I keep having this nightmare : Im in my 40's with a bad haircut , a fat husband and a family all dressed in matching tacky hawaii t-shirts and to top it off , I drive a mini < PROPFIRST > and all we do is sing one hit wonders . Help ! 
My little Peanut is having a baby boy ! Yes ! Finally a glimmer of hope for humanity to improve ! A < PROPMALE > for a real woman to experience a real man . A little boy with a big heart and a little ego , is it possible ? We're getting closer ladies , we are getting closer . 
Yum yum yum ! 
Why fear a dream , we are the dream . Do not fear oneself . Seek out what you feel . At the end of a feeling is an image of beauty , and that itself is a dream . 
I’m a dreamer , what are you ? I live life through and through , could I be crazy ? Sure , but so could you . 
Seeking : a giant tub of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s half baked , endless funny movies , an adult onesy , and brain removal . Found : a rabid squirrel . 
New York , Vancouver , < PROPFEMALE > Arbor or Vegas ? Where oh where shall I go ? 
I am pleasantly falling in love with the world inside . 
Help the world and it will help you . 
Silly little puppet , just laugh , and welcome life . Laugh , and truly live . 
I've been sick for flipping 2 months and finally know the effing culprit ! ATTACK OF THE CHRONIC SINUS INFECTION ! Presently seeking : HOME . 
I like dog biscuits . 
That was an accident ! 
My immune system has it out for me ! But today I shall send it love , despite its cruel intentions . Happy LOVE day everyone ! 
Boyfriend cooking . Movie being prepped . Nephew on the way . Sun came out for longer than an hour . Life is good . 
This world needs us , just as much as we need it . Rise to this occassion . Act from the heart . Promote change . 
Balonie . Ewww . 
Peace and love . 
How can someone get angry with you for being sick ? Its not like you ask for the germs to have a party , and get your immune system drunk for weeks . Silly little humans , the heart isn't just for pumping blood :) . 
Oh Happy day ! 
Gave a bath to my cat , not a great idea . Firemen had to come , I had to have a beer , and I'm pretty sure she's a little upset with me . 
I miss SF's bus system , hearing the word dude , tan people , music being played on street corners , dutch crunch bread , < PROPMALE>'s sandwiches , my boys , my fam , and Chug Pub ! 
to be blonde or not to be blonde , that is the question ? 
Garlic . Yum . 
Recycled knowledge is awesome . 
I am a bird , And I have young I am here to feed , But first I must become . 
My boyfriend is pretty awesome . Film , warm < PROPFEMALE > days , nights filled with writing , laughs with friends , painting naked , jumping waves under the < PROPFEMALE > , being alive , awesome stuff . What do you find awesome ? 
March is going to give me a belly . 
Home sick . 
Twinkies . Not a fan . 
Loving life ! 
We can't wish upon stars to stop wars , we have to change , we have to learn how to love and play nicely . The people , all of us , need to find ways to grow and be at peace . 
Happy happy joy joy ! 
My lil sis just had a healthy baby boy named Brody !!! Sooooo excited to be an Aunty ! 
Windows with pretty thoughts and spectacular views , are shinning brave lights upon my dreams . 
I need an editor ! 
Evansly . 
We bloom after we stand from a fall , and flowers bloom as petals fall . 
Ninja I am ! 
Hiiiiiiiiii-yah ! 
I love I love I love !!! 
Silence is a sweet gift . 
I'm getting the heebie jeebies from my own work ! Ahhhhhhhh ! Gulp . 
Alright Bay Area , I am finally coming home ! But not until June 23-30 ! I know I pushed back the dates , but I'll be there longer now :) . Can't wait to see you bitches ! Haha xoxo ! 
I really like wearing different colored socks . 
Music is the purest drug for the soul . Gets my ass to work out , clean , write , dance and smile ! 
I'm in love I'm in love I'm in love ! 
The soul is an excellent source of knowledge . 
Today is a most excellent day my friends ! Today is excellent . 
Why is there a business that sells women's used panties for $150 a pop ? To me , that says , there is a shit ton of guys trying real hard , not to be a sex offender ... or their X-Box is broken . 
I'm craving a sit down with greasy food , beers , awesome music and some old school Mortal Kombat . 
Sugar laced shoe laces and kung fu koolaid ! 
CHUG PUB , CHUG PUB , CHUUUUG PUB !!! Saturday ? < PROPFEMALE > Bombs ? Bug < PROPMALE > ? 
OK , Chug Pub , will have to wait . I sadly have killed my phone this evening :( R.I.P. 
LOVE for USA , even though we lost , we played well and with heart . 
OK . False alarm , rice , actually saved my phone ! CHUG PUB RUN IS ON !!! 
Chug Pub happened ... lots of fun , but I had far too many < PROPFEMALE > Bombs , and the result ... I look and feel like death and I didn't take enough pictures ! Damn't Hieu , you put the nail in the coffin lol . Love everyone ! 
< PROPFIRST > is the name . 
Going back to the rainy city tomorrow ( tear ) , so thankful for all of my wonderful friends and family . Thanks for the fun , love , inspiration , support and good times . 
Write write write ! Love ! 
Music plays and plays , while life wrestles my brain . 
My passion grows as my fears flicker , and as I dive , I return to the dream inside . 
Is it sick , that I find the murderers in my musical , to be the most entertaining ? 
tired . 
I love Sunday ! 
Having queries at the surface of ones mind enables cognition , and in return we express the knowledge that we accumulate with our experiences , which in the big scheme of things , is the most plausible example of knowledge . And since probability of truth is all we have , we have an underlying need to understand more . Maybe the means to reach the desires of the heart and mind , lives within the quest for knowledge . 
Both reason and sensation , engage in a before and after method of action . Rationalizing a sensation though , drowns out our dreams , senses , & feelings . Because they are intangible , we reason with ourselves that they will fail us . We argue that there are certain truths , but how can we , when we do not have a knowing of what it is know , isn’t it than , more connected in reason not to know ? 
If passion for a dream , suffocates within the heart , the mind can not\ 
evolve , and the soul ends up pointing a gun at the entire being . 
Love is awesome . 
Embrace life , embrace love , embrace your dreams . Live . 
Life is a game . Play hard , play well , and have fun . 
I <3 foreign films . 
I miss the classics : Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , Tale Spin , Darwing Duck , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and the Chipmunks , Rainbow Brite , Snorks ... ahh , how I miss them . 
Going home tomorrow for McBain's Wedding ! Yay ! But all I want to do right now is sleep . 
So happy for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > and had too much fun ! 
Last night\ 
in the Bay , if I haven't spoken to you already , holla atcha girl and \ 
get your ass up and at em ... after the 49ers game of course , even though I hope they lose MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA :p ?! 
I have the BEST friends in the WORLD ! I LOVE LOVE LOVE you all ! Thank you everyone for coming out and being awesome , already miss you all <3 peace and chicken grease . 
My boyfriend is awesome ! 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday Love ;p ! You all rock ! <3 
Presently perplexed . 
HAPPY HAPPY , JOY JOY !!! 
Life is S-P-E-C-T-A-C-U-L-A-R . 
Its hard to be a < PROPFEMALE > and not think of how it once was , to be a seed . 
My life is inside my brain , my heart is the breath of my being , and my soul runs the show . 
This world's problems , are OUR problems . Through communication , respect , creative expression and love , our world has a < PROPMALE > for change . Be a part of the change . 
Bay areeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaa ... I'm home . 
It's too effin hot here . 
Can passion make you dry with madness ? 
In love with life . The whole shabang . 
I actually truly miss Seattle ! The rain , the gloomy comforting sky , people everywhere with coffee cups in hand , the trees and creative vibe . There's a lot of life and positive energy in Seattle . \ 
\ 
Not to say that Cali isn't amazing , its just that Seattle feels more like home now , so you people better sack up & come visit me soon or I'll get in my ninja gear ... and its not that cold you pussies ... ehem < PROPFEMALE > & company :p 
I miss nerf gun wars . 
DREAM . 
Smells like a good day ! 
Hey my people , come to Chug Pub ! I'll be there from 12-6 ... Bartending :) ! 
San < PROPFIRST > is beautiful and brilliant , but so is my boyfriend ... I'm starting to REALLY feel \The Itch . \"" 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . In honor of someone you know that has died , or is fighting , or has survived cancer , please copy and paste . 
Rainy Sundays and philosophical conversations rock my world . 
Hey my loves ! Come to Chug ! I will be there bartending from 4-9 . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Loves ! 
Bartending at the Chug NYE from 4-9 ! Come say HI ! 
I want to be BLONDE again dag nagget , and I'm dreading the process . I need a magical stylist/fairy godmother that can make this happen in a one stop shop . 
The rainy city and I have a date January 24-28 ! 
I need to gain 10-15 lbs ! What should I eat people ? I'm tired of being told to eat rice . 
I want to be next to my boyfriend , in pjs , with good grub and a movie . 
I am a victim of GERMS dag nagget ! 
This weather blows . 
I finally have a place to call home and I get to share it with one my best friends ! Yay for me ! 
I have thoughts that < PROPFEMALE > like pictures , and walls that comfortably hide my many drawers . 
