singalong my armageddon get it on my sweet surrender . surviving is not living . but damn is it fun 

and now ... the boredom sets in . 
gotta job ... now i need a home . 
starting work monday ... good stuff on the horizon . jeez , i hope i didnt just jinx it . 
it's times like these .... :D 
leavin 2morrow morning after work , goin to ocala , then leesburg ... $42 .. gotta love Greyhound . 
worried about < PROPFEMALE > . drunk . misses ppl . needs . 
GO < PROPFIRST > SHEPHERD !! 
I'm counting bodies like sheep to the rhythm of the war-drums . 
and now we wait ..... 
so ... what's next ? body blows optional , not necessary . 
If < PROPFIRST>'s gato eats my tobacco plants again , I'm going to put its burnt flesh down the garbage disposal . 
a year older ... but am I any wiser ? YOU DECIDE !!! 
new phone ! WOOT !! 
i love my new phone .... I head out on the first of the month . I'd ask you to wish me luck , but i don't really need it . The world awaits . The road beckons . And i shall heed its call . 
heading to altamonte 
so totally in ohio . 
Cincinnati storms rock my socks off .... and hit me with fans . 
It's odd to be useful and useless at the same time . But guess what ? For a cause like that I'd sober up just as fast , even right now . Definitely whiskey time though . 
the world is a beautiful place ... Even though it's a sauna outside . 
for the WAAAUUUGH !! 
Now boredom strikes .... 
ahhh ... the weather up here is just ... delicious . it's 51 degrees outside , and it's just ... good . 
Remember , remember the Fifth of November / The gunpowder treason and plot . / I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason / Should ever be forgot ... \ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > V !! 
OH NOOOOO !!!! \ 
I'M GETTING BORED !! 1 ! 
I need more pics of myself that don't look crappy . 
That was the most polite \Screw you 
Good morning Starshine ! The Earth says \Hello ! \"!" 
Yummy raspberry tea ... Thank you Aunt < PROPFIRST > ! Nothing like a good cup of strong tea to get you moving in the morning ... 
STAND BY YOUR LION !! Baby < PROPFIRST>'s words of wisdom . 
Anyone else homesick for the easier days ? For simplicity ? It's strange how you don't really understand how good things are until much later . Still , it's a good thing life has no rewind button . 
If I don't get something or someone to distract me shortly , I will end up stuck on here for many many hours ... :/ 
Let's see ... I wonder what would have happened if I had gone walking one day , and just journeyed . You know , the original plan . No regrets , ever . Just curiosity . 
\Chaos\ " is another name for an order so complex that we cannot understand it . \ " Mystery\ " is just a word for the unknown . " 
Time to play some mind-numbingly repetitive game until I feel tired . 
I think it'd be easier if I was truly as apathetic as I appeared . Unfortunately , despite my arrogance and virve , I am but a mortal man . But all people have a spark of divinity ... Let's see how this all plays out . 
There's a storm on its way . I looove the shock and rain . 
I love the taste of electric rain , tempered witha hint of lightning and a dash of nicotine . :p 
Kung Fu Panda = AMAZING 
According to the Norse , today is Frigga's Day , or Friggsdagr . English-speaking folk adapted it to friday . Lady Frigga is the goddess of love and sensuality and celebration . Tell me , when do most people go on dates ? Friggsdagr . 
Want to see a magic trick ..? This'll be ... Interesting . 
The Breakfast Club . \ 
Respect . 
Today just doesn't want to be fun for me .... Eh , better luck tomorrow , I suppose . 
my cellphone is now disconnected . 
seriously , this phone thing suuuucks ... anyone know a good , free online text messaging service that doesn't require getting another username ? I wants to texts from my computersss on the interwebs . 
\Aaagh ! Don't you realize how much of a ________ you are ?! \ " \ 
Off we go , I think . Phone time . 
Ok , then .... New phone to be delivered tomorrow sometime ... False alarm :p 
my head hurts ... :( 
Today in the Norse times was called Thorsdagr , or Thor's Day . Thor is the god of battle , virility , and thunder . A storm god of battle and lust . Cool stuff , no ? 
Of all the things I've lost .... I'm sure glad my mind went first ! :p 
And thus I clothe my naked villainy\ 
With old odd ends , stol'n forth of holy writ ;\ 
And seem a saint , when most I play the devil . 
So when you call up that shrink in < PROPFEMALE > Hills , you know the one , Dr. Everything'll be alright ... Instead of asking him how much of your time is left , ask him how much of your mind , baby ... ' Cause in this life things are much harder than in the afterworld . in this life you're on your own . 
God's dammit but I feel pissed off tonight . For no reason ! What the hell ! Aaaagh . 
Wednesday ..... Wotansdagr in Norse . Wotan's Day , if you dig it . Wotan is an old form of Odin , the Allfather , Grimnr ... God of divination , insight , selfishness , sacrifice , bargains ... The psycho-pomp of Norse Lore . \ 
Not a guy to mess with lightly , a grave dude . 
SHAKESPEARE 
If any of you dumbasses are up to shop THIS EARLY ... you . are . in . SANE !! \ 
Dump out the coffee , go back to bed , and RELAX . 
I despise Spongebob . The kiddies wont let me watch House ..... 
I love The Seatbelts . \ 
Seriously . I gotta get my jazz/blues fix somewhere . 
this night just got not so good . \ 
BUT !!! \ 
drama is not for facebook . \ 
hasta luego amigos/amigas . 
Wow , I almost posted something a little too inflammatory . \ 
Signing off now . g'night . 
I calmed down ... And got bored . Now we deal with this ... BORING shit . bleh . 
Dizzy Gillespie is amazing . 
OMGS COWBOY BEBOP IS ON !!!! \ 
SCORE ! 
Despite the present , my eye lies further forwards .... And yet , I see nothing bright just yet . \ 
Still , must be optimistic ... I can do that . 
If only this game had a rule book , right ? Ahahhaa .... 
Saturday comes from the name of the < PROPMALE > god , Saturn . God of the harvest , among other things . \ 
The Norse analog of Saturn would be the Vanir god Ing .... \ 
However , the name that the Norse used for what we call Saturday was Laugardagr , or \Laundry Day\ " \ 
So wired ... can't sleep . 
\Fearlessness is better than a faint-heart for any man who puts his nose out of doors . The length of my life and the day of my death were fated long ago . \ " \ 
I feel a little ... off . 
If I were to sing the music I hear in my head , I'd probly be classified as completely insane . 
Holidays\ 
are tough ....... wish heaven had a phone .... so I could hear your voice \ 
again . I thought of you today ... bu that's nothing new . I thought of you \ 
yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence and often \ 
speak your name . All I have are memories and pictures in a frame . \ 
re-post if you have someone in heaven that you miss on earth .... \ 
earth .... 
COOOOOLLLLDD 
You people brag about the oddest things sometimes ... :P 
The world has passed on ... Become a brand new creature , born of bureaucracy and fear . Distraction , everywhere ... This place has changed , even in just my time ... \ 
But ! If it can change once , it can change again . and it will . 
That was a straaaange dream ... Of people I haven't seen for many years . 
Time .... Is fleeting . ENGAGE ME IN A CONVERSATION !!! OPEN YOUR EYES WHILE WE STILL HAVE TIME !! 
ok ... time to eat . gettin dizzy . 
So , which is worse : Boredom , or depression ? 
I am mentally exhausted . 
Has anyone but me seen Six-String Samurai ? 
Have you ever killed time ? Not just waited for it to die , but actively hacked and beat it until it died ? A murder of minutes . An end of hours . Moments , not passing , but destroyed . 
Bwahhahaha .... The eclecticism of my musical taste is ... astounding sometimes . Switching between Eminem , Manchester Orchestra , < PROPFEMALE > Spektor , and Against Me ! all at a rather rapid rate . 
man ... I do NOT wanna wash all these dishes . 
Facebook won't let me share a song from you tube because it's been tweeted exactly 666 times . \ 
w ; okejrhalkjxhclkasjdhlfjashdoisuahjbvjhzxfyxvolksanh 
So , I guess I'm in High School again . Taking the graduation tests the week of the fourteenth . 
