Birth day is on monday 

I don't understand , these old people come into the Grand Vista , get free breakfast and still don't leave a tip and the statistics say one out of four people staying in the building have over half a million dollars in the bank . 
IM FREE !!!!!! 
Feels good to be free !!! 
fuck the judicial system 
I , d rather be a could-be if I cannot be an are ; because a could-be is a maybe who is reaching for a < PROPFEMALE > . I'd rather be a has-been than a might-have-been , by far ; for a might have-been has never been , but a has was once an are 
Bitterness is like cancer . It eats upon the host . But anger is like fire . For every minute you remain angry , you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind . Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone but you are the one who gets burned . If a small thing has the power to make you angry , does that not indicate something about your size ? He who angers you conquers you !!! 
As your faith is strengthened you will find that there is no longer the need to have a sense of control , that things will flow as they will , and that you will flow with them , to your great delight and benefit . Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother . 
wish me luck and prey for me i leave tomorow for court on thursday in jacksonville . 
Done with this court shit tomorrow the state said no to my counter offer of probation but yes to my counter offer of time served . dosent make any since they will let me go with nothing but not with probation when theyr original offer was 60 days . Oh well cant be pissed about that . Just more proof of how FUCKED UP THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM IS . Glad to be done withe this shit . 
its crazy how muck bullshit life can throw at you and right when you think things cant get any worse everything gets better and then some basically I FUCKING LOVE BEING ME 
CASE CLOSED im so happy i dont know what to do with myself maby i will ... actually who knows what the fuck ima do 
Im the shit and yall just poop stains 
wants to go to the beach 
still ridin clean makin cheez and get my < PROPMALE > sucked , still makin cheez riden clean and get my < PROPMALE > sucked 
Im getting tired of this pussy shit , its time for me to get gangsta on these cake ass high five'n mother fuckers , ima step up to the plate and show these weak ass , ky jelly packin ass , bitch ass , < PROPMALE > in the booty ass , old steroid fucks how to get right , when im done doin what ima do youll see the real OG .... shits straight cashews . 
gonna be off wed need something to do 
just spoke to stepdads lawyer they said take 10 or fight to win , so as usual failure is not an option , illegal search good thing JSO is fucking retarded 
A man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled , but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy . 
The only language i speak is F**k you pay me 
If there are no stupid questions , then what kind of questions do stupid people ask ? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions ? 
Without accepting the fact that everything changes , we cannot find perfect composure . But unfortunately , although it is true , it is difficult for us to accept it . Because we cannot accept the truth of transience , we suffer . 
No Yurp ? Im out ! 
got a cigarillo and no one to smoke it with :( 
Everything that is new or uncommon raises a pleasure in the imagination , because it fills the soul with an agreeable surprise , gratifies its curiosity , and gives it an idea of which it was not before possessed . 
sometimes i dont understand why i do half the shit i do maby im just nuts 
it sucks to ALMOST have what what you want more than anything in the world , but at the same time its awsome to be as close as you are to having it . 
Confidence ... thrives on honesty , on honor , on the sacredness of obligations , on faithful protection and on unselfish performance . Without them it cannot live . \ 
( it sucks to know people(plural ) are dishonest with me for no reason , or maby there is a reason . I guess ill never know . I'd rather hear the hurtful truth than a comforting lie . people dont realize how easy it is to see through the their bull shit . 
DAMN , I GOTTA GET MY MIND RIGHT 
Put my < PROPMALE > in their mouth , so i guess its fuck what they say 
just at the most awesome sandwich bread , cream chz , tomato , Parmesan ranch , bacon , sausage , egg , ham , chz , salt , peper and yes toasted 
going to work and leaving the best girl in the world here . Sucks , i should be leaving work and going to the best girl in the world . I guess sometimes the only option is to do the exact opposite of what you wanna do . 
O . M . G !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Everyone !!!! what the fuck is there to do right now ???????!!!!!!!!! 
I MEAN SHIT !!! 
going to an interview for a 2nd job a camillia grill so my mornings are ocupied too 
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down . Contempt is the weapon of the weak and a defense against one's own despised and unwanted feelings . I always felt that the great high privilege , relief and comfort of friendship was that one had to explain nothing . 
People tell me slow my role and i tell them FUCK THAT ! 
has the best girlfriend in the world 
so what the fuck is going on tonight its my fucking b day 
HEY BABY ! Every have your ass hole licked by a fat man in an overcoat . 
IF YOU HAVE A FARM-VILLE PLEASE BE MY NEIGHBOR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
IT ONLY TAKES A FEW BUTTON CLICKS JOIN ME !!!!!!!!!!! 
has the best most amazing fiancé in the entire world so top that bitches 
lonely on christmas < PROPFEMALE > wishin i was with my baby its only been one day and it feels like a lifetime 
cant wait for the holidays to be over 
FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I feel like the biggest loser in the world 
im the shit and yall just poop stains 
All the kings horses and all the kings men couldn't put Humpty together again 
smoke by myself , drink by myself ... 
never been good at making decicions hopefully i make the right one 
no respect 
sometimes i just dont get it 
I HATE DRUGS 
ughh why cant i sleep dont understand , im tired but not sleepy , fucking gay 
hope is what u fight with when u have nothing else left so dont give it up 
fuck all the bullshit , no more games . Get it make it take it whatever it takes its time to make shit happen so get right or get the fuck out of my way . 
i understand people not knowing what to say but people definately should know what not to say . 
its days like this that make me remember why i love being me 
why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why why 
