Had an awsome time last night and was glad to meet everyone that I've heard about for so long :P They are real , lol . 

Suffering from my glow in the dark status sun burn . I just can't half ass anything lol . 
Hmm , trying to plan for the 4th of July weekend . Have a date Sunday but have to work this weekend .... I LOVE time management :P 
Preparing myself for work tonight .... no fireworks for me just the kind of social ones that my clients explode into :P 
Preparing for school and work tomorrow . I love 16 hour days yippie :P 
Preping for another 16 hour day and packing for a day trip . 
Has completed the dreaded case studies homework :) Yippies . 
Has come up with 3 backup plans to counter my treatment director not being able to supervise my practicum this fall . Not sure how I'm going to be passive aggressive and bitter towards him yet but I'm planning for Monday ... o YES :P 
Getting ready for a loooong 10 hour work day , yippies . I'm also gonna check into that supervisor for the fall because I REALLY need to count my work hours towards school . 
My site for class is a go . Now I just need to figure out how to track down my supervisor once a week for a month . 
Learned this weekend that if your hyperactive < PROPFEMALE > wants your help with putting away the jumbo pool cover . 1 Check for nearby trees or shrubbery that could be potential obstacles . 2 Say ready on your set go before taking off with your end of the cover . Following these simple rules should ensure clean safe fun for all . 
is glad to be home and looking forward to the next two days off . 
Getting ready for work . Can't wait to see my DAP clients and then do some billing yay ! 
Joined KCA and will be attending the conference . 
Done with Treatment homework YAY ! 
Just finished my last assignment for my Treatment & Diagnosis class !!! I have yet to start on my power-point for practicum ... which should be fun since my professor needs to learn about diversity , making assumptions , and generally how to listen to other people . It's gonna be a super Thursday this week :) 
Had a good day today . Retail therapy , dinner with friends and a call from my sweetie . I'm gonna sleep gooood tonight :) 
Had fun at KCA but is glad to be home . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we speak often or not , post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you .... 
Had lots of fun last night with friends but was soooooo glad to get six hours of sleep :P Next time I will have to plan for a friday night . 
A friend calls me\ Do you know what a Yeti is ? \ " I say yes . They say that I remind them of a Yeti because I'm beautiful and foreboding . um okay . Mind you that I got upset over the foreboding part and ignored the Yeti issue . My friend then asks \ " What does foreboding mean ? \ " I said \ " It means you need to use a DICTIONARY before complementing people . \ " I love my friends but mental insanity just seems to creep ever closer . " 
Had a great time with Friends last night at the Funny Bone . Getting ready to head to towards Charleston with my dad to pick up a truck . O the glamours life of a car salesman's son lol . 
Getting ready to watch < PROPFEMALE > the vampire slayer cause it wrong on soooo many levels and I am sick of phone shopping . 
Had fun shopping and eating with friends today . Got just a few more Christmas things to get . I am really thinking about just buying the Motorola < PROPFEMALE > from Walmart instead of dealing with AT&T directly , plus it's a nicer phone . 
is putting off taking my online final in mulitcultural class till Monday morning cause I have waaaay too much to do at work tonight . 
has a new guilty pleasure song . tic toc by < PROPFEMALE > . What can I say , I like the 80's vibe in the music video and the scummy guy she picks up . 
is WORN out . I've spent 4 freaking hours going through old pictures , letters , ect while dusting my room and installing windows 7 on my desktop . I need a break before class tonight . 
Had dinner with good friends last night and am getting ready to have brunch and a movie . Then it's off to the mad house called work . 
Can't wait to have dinner with < PROPFEMALE > in big old H-ton . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I get to eat at my dad's and convince him that < PROPFEMALE > should get me a HDTV for Christmas cause I've been mostly good this year . 
was sad that my 4 day mini vacation came to an end . I revamped my room and ate tons of food so mission accomplished . 
can't wait to head to work for a fun staff meeting and training from the BOP . It should take the usual hour of my life that I can never get back . 
Just finished wrapping presents . I still need just a few more cards for people . 
Had an awsome dinner with friends . Catched up on events . Got my last Christmas card . I just need to mail the thing and I'm DONE with holiday errands . Minus making a pie for a party . 
So I helped a friend put up ANOTHER Christmas tree today , lol . Funny how I've done everyone else's this year but not my own . I did get dinner and two movies with another friend this evening . The\ floor with a door in it\ " I don't reconmmend cause it's ... different with some cougar/miss robinson action but \ " the wedding date\ " was spiffy . I love some < PROPFEMALE > Messing . " 
I have washed clothes and made a pie . Hopefully it turned out ok . My victims ... hm friends will test it out at 7 for dinner . 
Has work at 3 p.m. but I'm off the next two days !!! I can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > Wednesday and then run amuck in Lexington . Look out Lex town :P 
Had a great time in Lexingtion . Now I just wanna be lazy and watch a good Anime . 
Had a fab time with the family . I don't wanna got to work Chirstmas day at 7 a . m ...... to freaking early :( 
Sherlock Holmes was pretty spiffy . Him and Watson may be the next power couple in a movie :P 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE>'s party last night . I almost won American Idol on X box 360 but 1st place was snatched away by < PROPFEMALE>'s hubbie . I knew it was rigged , lol . I walk away with my 2nd place and record deal :) 
Is excited about < PROPFEMALE>'s New Years bash tonight . I must redeem myself in Karaoke for the honor of the family name :P 
Had a fab time shopping and eating with < PROPFEMALE > last night . I can't stand to be in the house all the time . Cabin fever won out over death on ice with crazy drivers , lol . 
Going to see Sherlock Holmes ( again ) with my friends < PROPFEMALE > later , possible dinner and then I have shopping to do plus a hair cut somewhere in there . I really needed these 3 days off before school starts again . 
I don't wanna go to school Friday !!! 
Sigh , long day Friday . Work 7 a.m. to 3 pm . Then school 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. followed by the Funny Bone Comedy Club . I'll be dragging into class Saturday morning for sure ;) 
Hm , apparently < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > got himself into some trouble at 4 a.m. this morning . Comdian last night and future client now , lol . 
According to the Myers Briggs test I'm a ENFJ type . Hurray :) 
Had a very good date tonight :) 
Had a spiffy second date . This could turn into a pattern :) 
Had a terrific third date ;) Nifty just doesn't quite cut it for description . 
So glad to have one final down but another powerpoint due soon and I have a trip to plan . I need more hours in the day :P 
Going to spend the day with my sweetie since they will be in Seattle Washington for the next few weeks . 
Had a great time yesterday :) Newport trip will have to wait till summer . 
Had a good date yesterday . Really don't want to work tonight but I'm off from school and work the next two days :) 
I want to thank everyone for the B day love . The last two weeks of school/work have been super stressful and busy . After finals next week I will contact everyone . Promise :) 
Im not ready for school to start this Friday :( 
Date Sunday to see RobinHood . Yay for < PROPFIRST > Crow :) 
I am 95 percent over my flu plague . 
110 percent over the flu . I will employ the bubble boy suit next time I encounter a carrier :P 
Just have genogram and paper for Dr. Patton and then tests for him . Im putting off Dr. Mays stuff till next week . My overacheiver button is broke this summer :P 
Working on genogram . Have to call my Dad to finish it and then write the paper . Should be Waltons meets < PROPFIRST > Springer fun times :P 
Done with homework . Just a treatment plan and two test next week between me and Freedom !!!! 
Just finsihed my TP for Dr. Mays . I am worried about the test online for Dr. Patton that I took since it was toooooo short . Im thinking it was an error . 
Needs a new job ASAP . Preferably before july 22 so I can do internship 3 there also :) 
Grandmother is still in hosptial from her car collision on Friday :( 
Just got back from breakfast with grandpa . I do not want to go to class tonight . Is it Dec yet :P 
I got the scholarship to KY School at NKU this year ..... which I did not want lol . Now Im stressing on how my grandparents are going to get cared for plus who is gonna feed the kitties for 5 days . I also cracked the hell out of my hubcap by hitting the street curb for the first time ever .... happy days . 
Im HOME !!!! Yay . Trip was fun but I'm sooooo tired . Now on to Grad school and work :( 
I am enjoy my vacation this week :) by washing clothes , checking on grandparents , and doing homework . My trip won't actually be till Friday . Not sure if Im heading to TN or northern KY or both lol . 
Im off to TN at 3 :) Maybe NewPort KY on Saturday too . I love winging things . 
Back from mini vacation . I don't want to work tonight !!! 
I got all my homework done except my resource folder .... which can wait till next week :) 
Im soooo ready for this weekend . No class just work . I only have on final between me and seeing my man . I'm going to desimate it .... Friday after work lol . 
YAY ! My final is done and submitted . 
Whew ... cleaned out gutters in the rain and was grandma's taxi this morning . I'm ready to see my baby for some R&R :) 
Sigh .... Do I have to go back to Grad school this coming Friday . It's the last call baby ;P Im ready to do this and graduate !!!!! 
My baby is leaving Saturday for the ocean and won't be back till next Saturday ...... it's gonna be a long week . At least Grad school will keep me busy . 
I got an A- in Family Systems . Thank you lucky stars :) 
I get to see my special one Sunday finally !!!!!! 
Can't wait to head to class and ..... figure out how to do my projects lol . 
I just sneezed launched a cough drop across the room ..... I hate allergies ! 
So my fever is down from 100 to 99.1 so Im slowly getting better . I just hope it breaks soon . I have sooooo much stuff to do this week ! 
I am well again !!! Yay ! 
Got my Management paper done !!!!! Now I have a client session at 6 , haircut sometime afterwards and dinner with < PROPFEMALE > at 7:30 . I need a personal assistant ASAP lol . 
One more day of work and then I have all day Wed with my baby ! Then a slow Thursday with a documentaryto watch on GLBT and supervison that night . whew ! 
I'm ready to knock the NCE out Friday :) Then stats class this weekend :( Could they double the pain anymore or what lol . 
I'm so worn out from class , work , NCE and all that jazz this weekend . I'll look at homework Wed when I'm off work but before taped session lol . 
Off to workie ..... if I can make it tonight and work again in the morning and take the CPCE Tuesday night then off Wed and Thursday night class ... I need a VACATION lol ! 
Wow . I worked my first double and it was my first midnight to boot ! I got four hours of sleep so I could wash clothes and do yard work .... and change out fall for winter clothes . I need to move south lol . 
Well looks like our Advocacy work is paying off . Front < PROPFEMALE > on election day no less ! It's on the bottom section but hey its there :) 
My printer is R.I.P. offically . Still powers up but causes a short in the USB cord which my USB ports are not crazy about . Blah :( 
Hitting bed . Last weekend of 16 hour days with work and class back to back ! Yay !!!! 
Last offical day of class tonight !!!!! Just a final and paper to go :) 
I passed the NCE with a freaking 116 !!!!!! Yay for 8 months of study time every night lol . P.S. I know I'm a nerd but it paided off :) 
I don't want to go back to work tonight !!!! This is why four day breaks are bad for me . Kills my motivation lol . 
Just saw Burlesque with my baby . It was awsome !!!! 
Loves working everyweek for the last 3 years lol . Would it be evil to not give any notice to said job ;) 
Graduation tonight at 6 p.m. at ACTC in Ashland !!! Hoping the snow doesn't cause problems . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my friends ! Hoping the roads are not slick for work tonight lol . 
Tired from work but going to spend time with the family . Watchng Resident Evil Afterlife in 3D with pizza and salad :) 
LOL . Went to work only to find out I'm off today lol . O well . 
Did well on 1st interview . Number 2 next week :) 
Ugh !!!!! Why did the receptionist lady send me an email with the wrong interview date ! We agreed on 3pm Wed not Monday . She broke the sacred covenant between interviewee and receptionist . 
Yay ! I was right about my interview date and got a new confirmation from the receptionist . Convenat salvaged :) 
Getting ready for my interview finally . Got moved to 2:30 today . Hoping I can find this place lol . 
Whew . < PROPFIRST > has been super sick with a fever . I'll be glad when he gets over it and if I dont get it lol . 
< PROPFIRST > went to the hosptial this moring around 4 am . :( I hope he feels better soon . 
< PROPFIRST > got released at 11 a.m. :) His test came back neg which is good . Only problem is they have no idea what is wrong . I'm think I might have caught the mystery bug too :( 
I somehow have dodged the mystery plague . < PROPFIRST > still has a low grade fever tho :( I'm thinking bacterial infection or sinus since I am unaffected . Any guesses ? 
Hoping to have a new job soon . I love having two places fight over me :) 
Had a good 1 year anniversary and party for < PROPFEMALE > . I got to spend time with most of the people that I love in one day . Pretty darn good I think :) 
Got both jobs I applied for . Ending up taking safe over more money lol . 
Got some yummy cupcakes from Cold Stone . So good :) 
I am apparentely going blind . < PROPFIRST > is still finding OJ stains in the hallway 2 weeks later lol . This is called < PROPMALE > playing doctor at 4 a.m. with no sleep vs . the hallway wall . The wall won ...... ran right to it and I went one way the juice the other . 
One more day till new job ! 
Whew . Helped my grandparents clean their attic . Scary stuff from the 1900's up there lol . 
New job was great . Lots to learn tho . 
is ready for the weekend . Not sure which city yet but I'm hitting up a museum :) 
Got my LPC packet in the mail ! Off to sell school books now . 
Got my NCC status confirmed today !!! Check . LPC provisional license is next :) 
My Dad came through his surgery fine . I'm am < PROPFEMALE > tired . Time for bed . 
Time for a nap !!! My LPC packet is a beast . Going to be a fun weekend filling it out . 
I love my friends . Had a good night dinner and a movie night . The Adjustment bureau is like a more action filled The Forgotten with less drama . I don't love it as much but still a contender . 
Road trip Saturday . Not sure if I'm going north or west .... west looks warmer :) 
Going to have some breakfast with my hunny that they made :) I LOVE waffles ! 
Got my NCC in from the mail today ! Now I need to buy another wall frame :) 
Rushing to get my letters together for LPC packet . So stressed trying to fill this thing out . 
