First round action at kiest !!! Court 1 !!!!! 

Biology is a mind numbing class , so is chemistry . I'm not sure about my < PROPMALE > choice now 
Dying from boredom in chem 
Maverick mania was fun but weather made walking tour unbearable . I think I might be a little sick now . 
San < PROPFIRST > leads 2-1 !!! Great day today !! 
Today better go by fast . 
Can't wait to see spurs win tonight !! 
What's point of being at school for 2 hrs doing nothing ? Can't wait till I get out of here 
Taks week is over . This sucks ! Back to normal schedule :( :( 
Hates spoiled < PROPMALE > girls complaiing about crAp . 
Is grateful for who invented panera's green tea . It really helps to study for Spanish ap exam 
Mouth is hurting like crap 
I'm so proud of how I did on Spanish ap today . Now gotta study for English lit !!! 
Why do we only < PROPFEMALE > our mothers one day a year ? Why do we only buy them gifts on today ? Why don't we hug and kiss our mothers more Often . Shouldn't every day be mothers day ? 
11 days to go .... 
Getting my microphone chipped . Only my sister would get it :) 
Prom was a blast . I'm so thankful for everyone . And the rave party back home was amazing too . Now it's time for graduation 
Two days of school left . Not bad I don't think 
One more day then it's off to college . I'm Anxious and can't wait until i leave the high school scene behind me . I'm actually gonna have good vegeterian lunches at Arlington and no more silly uniforms . 
Last day in school , it went by so quickly , I remember my first day back in\ 
August . 
Had a Blast yesterday , shooting guns and commiting theft with beasley . I even beat him in a shooting game . 
Nothing like a root beer float to cool you down . 
Two more days left of high school crap , I'm so glad it's almost over and done with . Ready for summer trip to Seattle and Vancouver . Then early birthday present to NYC and Boston . 
I'm done!!!' wohoo!!!' 
Rain is an amazing thing , what a pity it comes\ 
With humidty 
It's that special feeling you get when you know something just happened for the last time in your life . I got my last ever report card , but I'm disappointed our transcripts aren't ready till late June . 
What's better for USA , England ties with Algeria or England lose to Algeria ??? 
Go USA !!!!! Wohooooo !! All we need is for Germany to win later today so we don't meet them in next round 
Wimbledon . HDTV . Nadal . Awesome !! 
So glad the Dutch won !!!!! Wohoo . 
My summer obesssion is baaaaack !! 
Pink Eye , sore throat , it's too hot to be sick . 
Had fun time playing tennis with Madyson smith . We\ll keep the score to ourselves lol " 
29 days till Iraq War is over , hopefully Americans think a little harder before invading another nation . 
Don't you love it when you find money you never knew you had inside your clothes ? I sure do !! 
I'm gonna have to not be vegeterian next week so I can enjoy seafood from pacific northwest . But I promise I'll only eat seafood . I'd feel bad devouring cows , chicken , pigs etc 
Saw sunset for first time in years 
Rainy day in Seattle :( 
Delayed flight + 4 hours of sleep = Long day 
Why wasn't I born in Vancouver ???? 
Canadians do it better 
Whatever happened to whole grain bread ? I'm gonna write a letter to mrs. Bairds to make some more . This white whole grain bread is unhealthy !!! 
Why don't people vote according to their income status ? Republicans cut taxes only for wealthy , people making more thAn 250k . Yet middle and low income people vote for them . Don't they know the democrat will probably save them more money ???? 
Last day of freedom !! Gotta go to mavsmeet tonight ! 
Throat hurts so bad it hurts to swallow :( 
< PROPFEMALE > please win a grand slam before you retire . This was your best shot at winning a 3rd US Open . Devastating loss :( 
Come on Nadal , win your first US Open !!! 
There better be a big curve on my chem exam . 
I'm so disgusted right now , and this only reaffirms my view that guns are weapons that have no positive to them . Screw the NRA 
First < PROPMALE > test of my college career !!!! 
Why the Pope and the Vatican are dead wrong :\ 
\ 
\opposing the distribution of condoms and so increasing large families in poor countries and the spread of Aids\ " \ 
At library studying hard for pre cal 2 test on Friday . 
Saturday Night Live is finally back !!!!!! 
I will never look at Bosley Hair products the same lol 
I managed to convert my parents to Pescetarianism . Wohoo 
Don't you hate it when a fantastic song is tied to a horrible movie , then the song loses some of its fantasticness . 
Has anyone gotten their check from AP scores yet ???? 
Shooting at UT < PROPFIRST > !!! Be safe out there 
Laws and enforcement of the laws protect people and keep them safe , not saying a couple words to a deity 
The main song from \Easy A\ " is really cool " 
Wohoo aced my psych exam 
\you cant leave it blank and expect an 80 on it " 
Wohoo finally got my AFDC check !!!! 
Best show ever is on 
CAN'T Stop laughing !!!!!!! This is horrible 
Everyone's rough draft looks ROUGH . 
Cvs has worse pharmacy ever ! 
Wants to < PROPMALE > in psychology over biology 
Got my first ever check !!!! I've never worked\ 
Before so ... 
What makes you think I wanna hear your rap shit ?? What makes you think I wanna inhale your cigarette smoke ? That's right , you aren't thinking . 
Just skipped my univ class wohooo . Now time to study 
Needs another holiday .... soon 
I love central market !! They do sell pizza there too 
Peso setenta-nueve kilos !!! 
It's funny how taking one year off of math can turn a math lover into a math hater . 
Just had some amazing Arroz Con Leche !!!! Now I feel like having tamales and brunelos 
Wohooo got a 91 on my chem midterm !! 
Has cold and is a little dehydrated , but is still having fun at State Fair !!! 
B.o.B. concert was amazing !!! Had such an amazing night . 
8-1-2011 can't come any sooner . 
Going to ER because of intense stomach pain : $423.76 \ 
Getting chest xrays and drinking Barium Mixture : $160.85 \ 
Voting for Democrats to fix healthcare system : Priceless 
My dad doesn't understand that I'm actually busy and don't have free time really . 
if san < PROPFIRST > wins next match , I'm gonna be torn between Rangers and Giants . 
Watching V for vendetta , I love < PROPFEMALE > portman 
Let's go San < PROPFIRST > !!!!! Wohoo 
Is probably going to < PROPMALE > in psychology over biology . Maybe minor in Spanish . 
Wishes he had power to control dreams . I had a great one last night . Lol 
I hate going out to eat with people who take my food , I can't eat their food cause it's meat . It ticks me off . 
Let's go San < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
Wohoooo !!!!! 
Good Job SF !!!!!!! So glad . Gonna be a somber mood tomorrow at UTA lol 
Let's make it 2-0 Giants ! 
It would be amazing for giants to win on Halloween !!!! 
Regrets having chem lab from 1-450 on a friday 
Is tired of texans being stereotyped as ALL country . We don't wear boots , have horses , and speak with an accent 
Is wondering whether going to fright fest on Halloween is a bad idea ... 
My sister is smart , there were no straws so she just popped out a twizzler . Roflmao 
Is going to be a sailor next year for Halloween . 
One more game Giants !!!!! 
Almost ran over dog . Thanks Brakes 
So happy right now !!!! 
So republicans are gonna fix the budget ? How what are they gonna cut . I was watching MSNBC and none of the 5 republicans they had gave them any solid answers on how to cut deficit . If we let tax cuts for wealthy renew it will cost 600 billon dollars . Where are republicans going to cut that amount of money ???? 
became a certified nerd when I waited until midnight to pick my spring classes . 
Wants to thanks Arlington residents who voted against public transportation . I can't think of a better way to pass my days then sitting in 1 hour traffic . 
Mhmm gattiland pizza is the best !! 
Trying to do chemistry homework but computer is being really straight . 
Is it cramming if its done 6 days ahead of exam ?? 
4 weeks of classes left !!! It went by fast !!!! 
OMG !!!! OMG !!! I get to see a pre screening of < PROPMALE > Potter on MONDAY !!!! This is amazing . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!!! So happy !!!! 
Got my bag of chips , salsa < PROPFEMALE > . Ready for Saturday Night Live !!! 
cautiously believes he's ready for chem midterm . 
3hrs 30 mins and 50 people in front of me are in my way of seeing < PROPMALE > potter 7 !! 
Doing teacher evaluations in psychology . This is a waste of 20 mins 
My break has officially started !!! 
This is ridiculous , it's too hot for thanksgiving . 
Thanks to my parents , family , friends , the earth for making food , the sun for keeping me warm . And special thanks to our men and women who are away from their loved ones and in danger for some politicians benefit . Let's bring our troops home , so they can enjoy their holidays with people they love 
First time I've done black Friday in a while . And I can honestly say I'm never doing it again 
Passed by bathrooms at parks , man do they need to clean those suckers 
Omg a < PROPFEMALE > lady confused me for my sisters sweetie . I'm so embarrassed 
Playing hide n seek 
Can't believe < PROPMALE > sleeps with Lumen . Oh my god 
Doesn't have motivation to study for chem test . 
A test of 1 chapter is stressing me out more than a test over 3 chapters 
Instead of an all-nighter , I'm doing a late evening-er and early morning-er 
Wohoo done with chem midterm ... Now time to study for finals :( 
13 days to go .... 
Let's see what my penultimate chem lab has to offer . 
Today has been the longest day of the semester . 
-- Passingthis along ..... everyone change your profile pictures back to yourself because the group that told us all to change our pictures to our favorite cartoon characters were a group of pedophiles . they were doing it because kids would accept their friend requests faster if they saw a cartoon picture .... it has absolutely nothing to do with supporting child violence 
Is eating an apple in the library too loud and rude ? 
Wants today to be over as quickly as possible 
Instead of freshman 15 , I have freshman -10 . 
Like I didn't see that repeal failing 
I can't do anything fun or worthwhile until Wednesday Night . 
Sitting Down for 4 and a Half hours isn't fun 
Some people are born to be evicted . \ 
Some achieve eviction . \ 
And some have eviction thrust upon them . 
Done with semester . 
A good nights rest does wonders for your problems . 
Only took 17 years . But still it's great news 
Aunt : I wanna go eat at that place near your house with the polar bear . \ 
Me : panda express ??? 
Winter Class starts tomorrow , 11 days of 3+ hrs of class action . At least its something interesting ... US Government . 
What time is it going down ?!? 
waiting an hour for the main event . 
I'm going to be sore all day today , I can feel it in my bones 
So the census came out today and whites will no longer be a majority come 2042 . I doubt it will take that long . 
First Semester of college - check\ 
An A in Chem 1 - check\ 
4.0 GPA- check\ 
Stressing over getting an A for POLS winter class - CHECK !!! 
Should have included this in my previous status , I'm a sophomore now . Thank God . Now I want to be a < PROPMALE > before I go to < PROPFIRST > next fall . 
Hopes < PROPFEMALE > ryone has a great Xmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Making enchiladas , beans , and gingerbread cookies with la familia 
Going through withdrawal symptoms isn't a very fun thing to do . 
Lemme try that again , Had a great day with friends , if only every day could be that way . 
La cosa màs dificil de este mundo , es vivir en el . 
is restless and is looking forward to Monday . 
And the wait begins ... 
I'm trying to eat but this stupid Bosley commercial is on . 
So glad I didn't get the little baby from the cake . 
Ever had to do something you don't want to do ? Ugh its been a long time since that's happened to me .. Until today . 
Me : would you ever try drugs ? \ 
Mom : No I'm too old and they are too expensive . 
It's never too early to start reading your textbooks for the spring semester . 
I'm upset that I had no choice over the new facebook thing . 
Primero Los dientes qué Los parientes 
I'm never reading texts while walking down the stairs ... Ow ... 
Nothing like a cold shower to warm yourself up 
Why does < PROPFIRST > have to be 17 hrs ahead of us ? Tennis > sleep . 
You can't beat evil by doing evil 
For the next 15 weeks , I won't have fun . 
Tiempo para < PROPFEMALE > siesta 
Wishes professors would teach instead of showing < PROPFIRST > Strait videos . 
Lets go Spurs ! Lets Go Nadal !! 
alguien me dijo \hace cuatro días que no me bano\ " jajajaja " 
its so rude to pack up your things while the professor is still talking . 
If it wasn't for < PROPFIRST > , Texas could just burn for all I care . 
I'm too tired to eat but too hungry to sleep . 
\ U.S. to Begin Gay Troops Training\ " ( Insert Gag Here ) " 
It's such a beautiful day , I shouldn't be hearing anyone complaining about anything . 
I need to teach my Aunt how to cook , she made < PROPMALE > n cheese and it came out like mashed potatoes . She boiled white rice and it ended up like porridge . 
My mom watches twilight every single day , I kid you not . It's sooooo depressing . 
If you don't like a show , quit moaning about it and don't watch it . Don't try and stop broadcasting of the show . 
After hearing that his grandma is at church , my nephew asks why ? Is she dying soon ? Lol 
This snow makes everything so bright , so bright that I can't take a nap . 
I'm glad Universities don't have bad weather make up days like High School . I know I'm not the only one who got a little bored today , kill me if you want , but I actually wanted to go to class today . 
Saw a cat performing fellatio on a dog , Inter species relationships . Lol 
Wishes my dad would just get it . 
Making tamales 
And we are expecting snow Monday , if we get Monday off , I'm gonna go insane . 
Just put sheets on bed fresh out of the dryer . So warm !!!! 
Remind me not to discuss illegal immigration with my dad . Lol 
I must look so depressed in mornings because my French professor always asks what's wrong . Nothings wrong , I just woke up . 
You know you are a nerd when your nightmares involve bad grades on a report card . 
Can't wait for superbowl to finish so all these people can leave . 
Great news , my family is buying a pig to slaughter for tomorrows festivities . Are you serious !?!?! 
IHOP has overpriced food , not even in Canada was the food this pricy . It's crazy . 
Ran two < PROPMALE > this morning after a week of inactivity . My entire left side is sore !! 
It's your responsibility as a student to come prepared to class , stop trying to mooch off others . 
It's so warm today I'm gonna jog . 
3 months left . 
Wow I can't believe I've never had ambrosia before !!!! It's delicious . 
Here's to hoping old man winter is finally gone for the year . If you haven't gone outside , just go , I'll promise you'll enjoy it . 
Loved Lady Gaga's performance !!! 
The BAFTA's are much funnier than Grammys . Love those British folk 
For next ten years , our federal budget has space for 3.7 TRILLION dollars in tax cuts for < PROPMALE > . But pres . Obama wants to cut 100 BILLION in financial aid for college students . \ 
Why is Obama letting super < PROPMALE > just skate on by ? What ever happened to helping out the little guy ? I'm disappointed 
Better luck next year I guess :) 
Needs to study more for chem2 exam ! 
My parents made flautas for dinner !!! 
< PROPMALE > Nye is SOLD OUT !! So glad I got mine as soon as they were on sale . 
When it's this warm , you don't really need to sleep in much ... 
It should be a crime to have to study on such a beautiful day like this 
enjoying jellybeans from < PROPFEMALE > dispenser my sis bought me . jellybeans are great . so many different flavors that satisfy my every taste < PROPMALE > . yum ! i just spat out a licorice one . 
Nothing ruins a good meal more than a paper plate . 
I find it funny that when times are good , people thank God . But the moment something horrible happens , they don't blame God . 
My mom saw a woman and said she was short , then she realized she was in a wheelchair lol . 
Ugh I missed three problems on my chem test because I mixed up mole fraction with molality , I'm SO disappointed . 
Just ordered my Lady Gaga Tickets !!!!! 
feels like < PROPMALE > Potter in Half Blood < PROPMALE > , my French book has all these scribbles and notes written inside every < PROPFEMALE > , they have really helped me a lot 
Here's a simple solution to today's social dilemmas . \ 
If you don't believe in abortion , don't have an abortion . \ 
If you don't believe in gay marriage , don't marry a person of the same sex . \ 
Same goes for euthanasia , prostitution . \ 
This way of thinking would solve most of social debates . 
I love these gas prices !!! Lets shoot for 4 bucks a gallon !!! 
I love my dentist appointments 
Only good thing about this whole lent thing is people won't be eating animals today 
My metamorphosis began two years ago today . 
I tried giving up swearing for new year but I'm having difficulties with it . 
Had my first caffeinated beverage in months , and I'm burping up a storm . 
Happy Whatever day , great another day for alcoholics to get wasted . 
Shouldn't we hold news networks accountable for their lack of broadcasting actual news ? Who cares about a hollywood loser or overpaid athlete gone crazy ? I feel cheated by these networks . 
To all who have gotten their wisdom teeth removed :\ 
How long did it take you to go back to normal activities ? Like going to class etc . 
Seeing these big SUVs and hummers filling their gas tanks puts a SUV-sized smile on my face . 
Americans have a lot to learn from the Japanese . The way they have handled the devastation is admirable and I only wish yanks could do the same . 
I just discovered how great pepper tastes . 
Looking forward to this little cool down we have waiting for us . If only this change was permanent 
Steps for Getting to Hell :\ 
1 . Donate your time at nearby clinic\ 
2 . Become a < PROPMALE > parent and help raise dozens of at risk children \ 
3 . Adopt badly-abused animals from your nearby SPCA\ 
4 . Any other selfless thing not listed above\ 
6 . Not believing in God\ 
Steps for getting to Heaven :\ 
1 . Commit a heinous crime such as murdering and raping innocent children\ 
2 . Find God in prison and ask for forgiveness . 
So a vasectomy costs about 500 to 1000 bucks , that's a good deal . 
All my wisdoms are out , let's see how next couple days go . 
After watching the victims in Libya in bandages and set up hospitals . I have no right to complain about anything . 
I'm straight .... April Fools !!!!! 
Nothing beats watching HD tennis match on 52 ' screen :) I'm too spoiled 
Needs motivation to get through the last 5 weeks of classes . 
