well i wont be in the USA after the 21st ...... oooo scary . So glad I packed my diapers 

I think after 24 days in Kuwait , I should be considerd permanent party 
May not be on here for a while , have to let things settle and play out 
when it comes to FBCB2 ...... I AM A GOD !!!!! 
Finished with FBCB2/BFT Now working on School ...... i'm thinking UNC-Charlotte 
Got my leave dates changed ....... again ! 
Got the new BrokeNCYDE CD 
Found an original Gameboy ...... then we blew it up ! I really wanted to play < PROPFIRST > :( 
All I want is a little of the good life , all I need is to have a good time !!!! 
Jam !!! Just Jam , Jam it all , Its like a piece of bread and I just .... JAM ! But then theses guys came and were like JAM on the whole loaf ! 
Still no water in the showers ..... this makes day 5 ! Also there seems to be a bad smell around here , i don't know why . 
Won't be home for my birthday .... 
Is it bad if diveing into ditches feels natural ? 
Oh , I am trying this new thing called honesty ! So far I found out it makes people like me less . But it does prove that I can \Be Bold\ " and air-assault !!! " 
hey if you want some videos let me know and I will send you the list . I got over 200 on our share drive . 
\People dont know about the things I say and do They dont understand about the shit that I've been through Its been so long since I've been home I've been gone I've been gone for way 2 long MayB I 4got all things I miss Oh somehow I know thers more 2 life than this I said it 2 many times And I still stand firm So I think I'll keep a walking With my head held high I'll keep moving on and only God knows why\ " Kid Rock " 
My internet runs out on the 16th , just a heads up !! 
Oh , BTW I am stateside ! 
Back in Iraq ! Safe and .... what am I thinking its Iraq , thats not safe 
< PROPFEMALE > fuckin Christmas ! 
Probably just going to sleep through new years ... 
Great last day in NC !!!! Would not change it for the world !!! 
Control Detination my ass !!!! 
I want my purple heart now !!! And while your at it , give me the Medal of Honor too . 
I need more people to talk to me , send me a message . I have 2 much time to think 
ok thats it ... 
Oh Snapple !!! They put me in charge !!! ( insert funny line here ) 
I was told today , to forget the past and look to the future .... Problem is I have never forgotten the past . Thats why I have never forgotten any of you . My Friends here on Facebook . 
I knew life is like a video game ! I put my life on Pause when I deployed . So while all of you are living/PLAYing life . I'm SAVE-ing it . 
Going to wake up at 2am to watch the SUPER BOWL 
Going to wake up at 2am to watch the SUPER BOWL !! and I need a < PROPFIRST > . 
Next on the list is a < PROPFIRST > . BTW < PROPFIRST > s days has the most commited suicides than any other day . 
Mommy got me $3460 on tax returns !!! Just enough to buy a < PROPFIRST > s gift for no one cause I still don't got a < PROPFIRST > ....... Depressing 
New bed !!!! and no back aches or wakeing up in the middle of the nights 
Bad day , just a really bad day 
Love it when everyone complains about \Drama\ " . Hope they never experience \ " Stress \"." 
Woke and knew I was going to get an ass chewin , but I have gotten plenty of Ass chewins in my life . 
big test coming up , and I have not studied since the last one , Good thing I have a Masters in B.S 
JUMBO !!!!!! ( its Swaheelee .... speling ? ) 
So I do the work of 5 different people and I am pretty damn good at all of it ! Maybe even the best ! Yet cause of a miss \coumcinaiton\ " I have done a horrible job this entire time . " 
Thinking of you ...... who ? 
Thats right I'm a BADASS !!! Why ? Cause I can do EVERYTHING !!!!! 
Messaging people next to you .... Dumb ass ! 
When I get out I want to be an underwear inspector . You know on the tag it says inspected by number 5 !!! Ya that job !! 
God Damn it ! It's not rocket surgery ! 
Its the final countdown !! 123 days left ! 
Can barely get on here , email me outlawedpanther@yahoo.com 
I now live in a different part of Iraq , but it's still Iraq !!!! 
Now , I don't want to go on a rant here , but < PROPFEMALE>'s foreign policy makes about as much sense as Beowulf having sex with < PROPFIRST > Fulton at the first Battle of Antietam . I mean , when a neo-conservative defenestrates , it's like Raskolnikov filibuster deoxymonohydroxinate . 
OMG !!! had a pear this morning , it was like an orgy in my mouth ! 
Zionks ! Your right ! We're dealing with one sick son of a bitch Scoobert ! 
Bathroom is 50M away ! There is a thunderstorm outside ! And I have to poop ! YES THERE IS A PROBLEM !!! 
Thats it ! For now on everyone on here will be called Poop-Head ! I will be your leader ... Smart-Ass ! 
Porn ! 
ROFL ! I looovvveee this \Deception\ " ! Brag about leaveing and say \ " I want to work with you\ " and Punish Honesty ! WOOHOO !!! " 
Crap ! I'm late ! 
So I got fired and as punishment I went to a better place !!! Does this make me a masochist ? 
I think I grew up too fast ! Thats why I act like a child ! More importanatly , thats why I just want to have fun ! So go ahead and get serious , cause I haven't even started ! 
Found my Barret ... It doesn't fit any more ! 
Room was broken so I had a sleep over ! 
Ooo Heated toilet seats ! 
On a seriouse note ... I think my mind is broken ! 
This is your life ! And it's ending one minute at a time ! 
HUGE STORM !!!! 
Wants to spend $4544 !! Any thoughts ? 
24hrs of internet left ! 
Are we there yet ? 
Finally being a \V\ " name pays off in the military ! " 
I love this < PROPMALE > breeze ! 
1ST 4-day weekend .... Hanging out with < PROPMALE > !!! 
New 3oh ! 3 CD Kicks Ass ! 
Got a new Droid ! !! 
Meetings all morning 
On to the dentist . :( 
Finally a half day ! Thought these were a myth ! 
Yay for SRP ! 
Congratulations Mr and Mrs Irie McCleave ! 
For the whole team < PROPMALE > and team < PROPFIRST > I'm on team < PROPFIRST > ! 
I think I can survive the fall ! 
Sweaty from basketball ! 
Chilling at the mall ! Movies later ! 
Movies !!!! 
Yesterday = best day ever in Washington ! 
Off to get the Droid X ! 
Award ceremony today ! 
Yay done with the ceremony ! 
I am bat man ! 
With my baby sitter today ! 
May not get to go home ! 
I forgot how cold it was before pt ! 
So much pain from pt ! But damn if i don't love it ! 
I wish i had some ammo for this weapon ! 
Flight in less than 21 hours !!!!! 
Lo led in the airport ! 
It feels so great to wake up every 15 < PROPFEMALE > to hear about bags ! 
Chilling in nc ! 
Argahh then to madii's!! 
I am lost !!! 
I can't fly yet but im getting better at floating ! 
Knocked over ...... ALOT !!! Of people in the airport ! 
Another four day weekend ? !! 
I have lost track of what day it is again ! 
Playing chicken with a striker/tank ! 
So mrs < PROPFEMALE>'s manager lady , how is that career plan working for you ? 
If you can't sleep fake it and shut up ! 
So what is real ? 
Another stupid class ! This time with a feminist point of view ! Skipping rocks seams appealing ! 
I font care tonight is movie night ! 
Other guys ! Fucking great ! 
Think i just witnessed a murder ! Let's go to burger < PROPMALE > ! 
Mmmm bbq ! 
Car guy is now 4hrs late ! 
Damn you truck man with my car ! 
Yay ! It's friday the 13th ! 
Ooo new var smell ! 
Ooo new car smell ! 
Really tired of people acting like children ! 
Warp tour is done but the party is far from over ! 
I don't remember how i got to bed ! 
Wonder who will fall out tomorrow ? Hope i don't! 
Desktop is dead ! Time for a frankinstien build ! 
Watching < PROPFIRST > pilgrim !!! Again ! 
I woke up on the floor ! But i remember climbing on the top bunk ! 
Guffs party tonight !! 
ya ... lets do the errends ! 
Note to self : next time Suttle leads PT , go to sick hall ! 
Damn 13 year olds lapping me with their roller blades ! No respect for the roller skater ! 
Paint ball today ! 
So much pain ! 
Dec . 5th Panthers vs . Seahawks ! 50yrd line ! Who wants to go ? Offers going fast ! 
Swimming in puddles ! 
A day of reckoning ! 
Standby !!! 
Met a new fun drunk ! 
Shake and bake ! 
Birthday party tonight ! 
Umm driving around and there is no one ! Apocalyptic event ? 
Like ! 
Armageddon is still one of the saddest movies ! 
Bowling with < PROPMALE > magic and fng ! 
So i got in WLC ! Less texting in the day ! A whole lot less ! 
Yay for saturday school ! 
Homework session at fitch and hulls ! 
I want a gatorade ! 
Found some cool places to go visit , just need people to come with ! 
People are silly ! hahahhaha 
In the field can't text till 8pm western ! 
Disturbed's 13th song on their new album rocks !!! 
Graduation today ! 
Removing non friends from friends list on here ! 
Ape caves !!!! After ihop ! 
So umm ya ... 
I'm a hero ! Saved someone today ! 
Thought i just won . $ 50,000 !!!! Damn my perception to see and hear what i want ! 
Have a good idea when i am getting restationed !!! 
Got a sad text this morning 
Late night ! 
Think everyone is too angry ! Be happy like me !!! 
At the range so may not text ! 
cant find my phone ... still !!! 
Hahahaha .... bye ! 
Party at andys ? 
Re-enlisting at NYG VS . SEA game !!! 
Portland again ! 
Friday feels like sunday !!!! 
Wants to go out again ! 
Thank you 4am fire alarm ! 
When I turn 21 what should be my first drink ? 
Ska-doosh !!!! 
Hotel party saturday !!! 
Snow and ninja technique ! 
I have prepared my cave for hibernation ! 
High on vallium and perkacets ! 
Independence day , movie , speech gave me goose bumps ! 
I love my mommy and daddy ! 0 :-) 
Just be like that and its fun so try more . for the thing ! Ya i love some ! 
Thanksgiving ! !!! 
Percacets make me goofy and way too honest and emotional ! 
I relize now in a drugged up sense of revelation , I need to take more pictures to remember situations and friends ! So everyone will be taking pictures with me ! 
For my outlook on life , actions taken , words spoken , and situational idiocy ... I could be the younger brother of every character played by < PROPMALE > Galifianakis ! 
Its almost december ! 
4day ? 
Turn it to 11 ! 
Phone dying ! 
Updated his status ! 
Learning about how to attend west point ! 
I want to sing \We're At The Top Of The World\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Theory in the car out loud to ... well they know who ! " 
Wondering why you PARK , in the DRIVE WAY ? 
Christmas party ! 
Dad , you are like a father to me ! 
I learned the easy way im better at driving reverse than i am forward ! 
Milk them chickens and pluck them cows we're the ones who gonna fuck you now ! 
Pisses off at stupid news story that's just going to make people dumber and things harder for everyone ! 
Alot to do before i go ! Who will be awarded my little time ! 
Lost and alone ! 
Shut up nipple head , some of us can't see in the dark ! 
Enjoying last few hours of washington 
If i hear another crying baby i will punch it to sleep ! 
In NC hit me up to hook up , so we may catch up ! 
It's great that no one recognizes me ! It appears like im a stalker for knowing so much ! 
< PROPFEMALE > only gave me a black eye for christmas ! 
Sleep = best way to deal with anger and depression ! 
Snow !!!!! In NC !!!! 
So umm instead of buying presents for xmas ... im going to spend all that money on new years ! 
Found the fountain of youth ! But google earth can't save my location ! 
I'm in lesbians with you ! 
Shots with dad ! 
Back in WA ... that is all ! 
I relized < PROPMALE > Watkins run just like < PROPFEMALE > Kutcher ! Just watch the end of Just Married ! 
Army education center no longer provides SAT or ACT testing in their facility ! Bogus !!! 
Need to study for the SAT in 2 weeks ... ill wing it ! 
Busy 4day week ... have a lot of preparation to do for WP ! 
Snow !!! 
Anyone else notice < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s Fireworks is about a guys orgasm ? Listen to it again ! 
\Applicant academic hold for result processing completion\ " ..... or \ " take a test\ " for the simple minded ! " 
I want things to be fun as it nostalgicly changes !! 
Im < PROPFIRST > Varvel , and I approve this status update ! 
Anyone in Wa have an old T-mobile phone I can borrow ? 
SATs , football , bowling , broken toe ! Ya I'm a boss ! 
Want the jets to win so we can relive history ! 
Its already Monday and I need some plans for this weekend ! 
Toe is fractured , getting X-rays on my chest and getting a blood test without studying ! 
Just saw a guy have a seizure , I saved his life ! 
183 pokes since i went to bed , no wonder I cant sleep ! 
I met the biggest friendliest guy today ! He's an ass ! 
I want mint flavored skittles ! 
Pooping while waiting for facial mask to dry , nothing new ! 
Shiboopy1 
Going to do what the warning label tells me not to do for now on ! 
Group road trip to Ape Caves this weekend ! Whos in ? 
Got my orders to go to 82nd AV REPL BDE Ft Bragg NC !!!! 
Ever get bad news on a good day ? I did , and it's not a good day anymore ! 
Im pregnant ! 
Green bay fan today 
28-17 !!! 
How about them Packers ! 
Car accident . :( 
< PROPMALE > is selling his car for $800 in Wa . let me know if you want detailS ! 
1120 ! \\"" 
3 weeks to finish West Point packet ! 
Situations repeat themselves , at least they are a little less disappointing ! 
Well my < PROPMALE > to get into west point just got really really small ! 
Got friday and monday off 
So much shit to do im just not doing it ! 
615 characters out of 2500 and only worked on it for 15min ! 
DD tomorrow for a friends wedding party ? 
How can you be honest with me when your not honest with yourself ? 
Is sad but I can't explain why ! And I like pop tarts ! 
Got to love broken promises 
Just saw a porno being made in a < PROPFIRST > on I-5 , live ! 
What do you mean you don't want to run in a snow blizzard with only shorts on ! 
I do things for me , not us ! That's how it's supposed to be ! ;P 
Beastiality is having sex with family members !!! 
There's enough of me to go around ladies ! Lol 
Ft < PROPFIRST > has a no snow barrier !!!! 
So much stress disappearing , anticipation setting in ! 
Can someone bring me some toilet paper ... 3rd floor , 3rd stall , closest to the defac ! Thanks in advance !!! 
I've been up since 2 am because of a faulty fire alarm ! 
I'm not full of surprises , my whole life is just surprising ! Now let me show you what I mean ! 
Good investments got me $140 today ! 
Woot woot ! Passed my pt and tape test ! 
Online banking on my droid has saved me from A LOT of bad buying decisions !!!! 
Honor , Integrity , Humility , Compassion 
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers = Racial !!! 
I race down to < PROPFEMALE > and no one that I was supposed to see answered their phone !!! 
Wants to know both outcomes of a choice to help friend make the right one . Even if it sucks for me ! 
Anyone else awake ? 
Going to rock out at @ < PROPMALE > Watkins show !!! 
< PROPMALE > Watkins and Until the Sunrise were fuckin awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So apparently judging is done at the end of the night and half our group left ! Hopefully Until the Sunrise still wins !!! 
< PROPMALE > Watkins and Until the Sunrise are in the finals !!!! 
I rocked out so much to Until This Sunrise I cant get out of bed to pee .... worth it ? Yes ! Problem ? Possibly soon ! 
Watching wrong decisions being made ! 
The field is going to suck ! 
In Yakistan Training till the 7th ..... no phone too 
Yay ! Can use phones ! Still in yakima till the 7th 
Took a shower for the first time since being in yakima ... 12 days 
Bad news = bad day . 
Well dew to rumors I have lost a lot ! I'm back to block one but don’t know how to build again .... If only the truth was truer than rumors ! 
No more reason to ho back to NC .... 
