Chanting circle yesterday was unbelievable ... good friends , inspiring chant , and fabulous food . Does it get any better than that ? I am truly blessed 

Time to toot my own horn again ... but I'm just so happy ..... another few pounds snuck away ..... I'm almost to the 15 pound mark .. ( which on a less thrilling note , leaves another 50 or so to go .... but one day and one pound at a time , yeah ? ) 
Well , as of today , two weeks and counting til school starts for my two kiddos ( my stepdtr started at the end of last month already ... but she goes to school out of mom's house this year ... we'll miss her ... ) . So , bought at least some school supplies today . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday .... I'm really feelin ' the love 
Ok , so I finally got the pictures posted that I promised several people .... enjoy , and try not to laugh too hard . I've got the makings for bisteeya on the stove , and I'm for the shower before going to the Reiki circle . It's a good birthday weekend 
It's been a whirlwind few weeks .... and I'm glad things are settling out again . My car is running , < PROPMALE>'s car has air conditioning ( yay ) , & we have a working dishwasher . All in all , a much better state of being than we've had in months ... And ... we had a lovely trip to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > last weekend .... I have to say ... if we win the lottery , we're moving there ... so gorgeous .... 
Ok , time to put kids to bed , and get back to work ... enough goofing off while they did their night time list ..... 
Today I am consciously choosing to see the bright side ( I'm a little more myopic than usual just now ) . I am blessed to have a job , a comfortable home , and some of the most wonderful people in the world as my friends and family . And that is not in order of importance . Om shreem baby ! 
Well , it was a lovely Thanksgiving . Spent time with family , and friends ... ( and way too many baked goods .... all too yummy ) . The kids had a great time everywhere too .... and are blissfully asleep now . ( as soon I should be ... hmmmm ... bed .... that sounds like the perfect ending . 
what's on my mind ??? Chocolate ( also on my hands , my shirt , my counter and my floor ) . It's truffle making season .... and I've got 10lbs of dark chocolate to chop into wee bitty pieces before I can really start the creation phase ..... 3lbs down too many to go .... 
Good Morning on this New Year's Day . I got a fabulous surprise this morning . Many of you know I've been stressing over paying for Gareth's trip to Washington this Summer . \ 
\ 
Well , this morning I opened mail from the company , and somebody made a lovely gift towards it . I don't know who it is , the account won't seem to give me that information .... but if you see this note ... THANK YOU , whoever you are . 
I am tired of being sick ( does that make me sick and tired ) .... ready to have energy again , and recovering from this cough ..... hoping to feel well enough to go house hunting tomorrow .... ( and hoping to find the \right\ " place ... pray for us ) " 
Hey , I have a computer again ... wheeee ( I've been using my husband's ' puter for a while now .... not my favorite thing .... oddly like sharing a toothbrush ) .... 
It's finally real .... we're moving to Mesa .... such a cool house ... all the paperwork is signed , and we get the keys soon ( oh , then there's the cleaning , and the painting , and the MOVING ........ ) but then there's the living .... and that will be fabulous . So goodbye 1-17 and hello 202 & the 60 ... wheeee 
There is no cure for birth and death , save to enjoy in the interval -- one of my favorite quotes ( but the author escapes me at the moment ... H.L. Meneken ... I think 
Has anybody noticed that deposits for turning on utilities are out of control .... I remember when it was an extra $50.00 ... now it's like $200 . or $300 .... good grief .... 
New phone .... touch screen .... yay ( even better , I can answer the phone with or without my headset .... ) . Funny enough , tho ' I actually ended up with the same phone as my husband ... he has good taste . 
I saw a movie title last night ( available from Netflix ) ... which , I s**t you not , was called the Gay Bed and Breakfast of Terror ... I mean , really .... I don't even know what to say ... so I had to share it with all of you clever folks ... ' cause I'm sure somebody will have something pithy to say . 
Flash aaa aaaah ... Savior of the Universe \ 
Flash aaa aaaah .... He saves every one of us \ 
Flash .... He's a miracle , Flash .... King of the impossible 
I just woke up after ( what was supposed to be ) a 20 minute nap . Laid down at 355p .... hmmm , a triffle longer than 20 minutes .... but I still woke up shaky . I may have to give up donuts ... maybe too much sugar for my system .... ( insert crying noise here ) 
Happy Mother's Day to all you motherly folks out there ... you know who you are ( the one's still getting everything done , despite this supposing to be your day off .... in other words mothers ... ) 
I offer this for myself , all those whom I love , and those that I might love more : \ 
Om shreem namo namaha .... Om shreem namo namaha .... Om shreem namo namaha .... Om guru Ganesha .... Om nama Shivaya .... Om shreem namo namaha .... 
Good morning all , the prayer for today is :\ 
May we abide in well being ; and freedom from hostility\ 
and freedom from ill will ; and freedom from anxiety\ 
And may we maintain well being in ourselves , \ 
and may we be released from all suffering\ 
and may we not be parted from the good fortune we have attained \ 
( repeat as desired , substituting I or all beings for we if you like ) 
Good Morning all , it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood , a beautiful day for a neighbor . Would you be mine , could you be mine ..... 
I just learned a new word ... ectasia .... anybody out there already know what it means ???? 
Ok .... I'm goin ' in ( to the new house ... to clean it , that is ) . I've got a little company/help for the day , and I'm really excited to get started making it into our new home . 
Did you know it was possible to spend 2+ hours just cleaning a kitchen ? Well , it is .... and my new kitchen is REALLY clean now ( tho ' I may need therapy after pulling out the stove and cleaning behind/under it .... grrrrossss ) ... but hey , I know some fabulous therapists .. so I'm all set . 
6 days and counting .... thank goodness < PROPMALE > took next week off work ... ' cause I need to somehow put in 24 hours AND pack/move a 5 person house by next Wednesday .... wish me strength y'all ..... 
we picked out most of the paint for the new house today .... such lovely colors .... Dave is there ( new place ) now .... tsp'ing the walls in preparation ... I'm at the computer ... working from home at it's best ( since he has the kids over there too , cleaning and pulling weeds .... ) 
Another fine morning . Kids getting ready to go to their last Monday of the school year , < PROPMALE > and I are getting ready to go off to the new house to paint something , and perchance to sort out our mailbox issue ( key lost by the last person living there ... we have to go to the post office and get a new one ... grrrrr ) 
thank goodness for ice coffee and show tunes ... now I'm ready to get to work 
Well , it's over ... the kids are home from school for the last time this school year , And for the last time from this school ... when they start next year it'll be in a new school , in a new district , with new friends ... \ 
lots of changes folks .... I took Andi to school this morning , took pictures of her with her friends , and teacher . And when I left to come home ... it was with tears in my eyes .... 
sleep ..... I think I'll have some , thank you ...... 
Ok , another day , another painting project . \ 
The evil wallpaper is down , and all the downstairs painting is done . We're down to the 3 bedrooms .... let's see how much we can get done today 
feeling guilty that I took such a long time to get up today .... but the lazy morning was really really lovely .... ok , now back to painting a cleaning ..... less than a week til moving day 
Well , the big move is this Saturday ..... let the chaos ensue ..... ( btw ... we're accepting all offers of help ... ) 
is happy to have her computer hooked up again . We're installed in the new house ( jury rigged more like .... but hey , ye gotta start somewhere ) .... today ... working computer hooked up to the net ... tomorrow .... bowls for cereal .... yay ! 
Well , before the day is done ( at least here in Arizona ) .... Happy Father's Day to the many dads ( and many kinds of dads ) out there today . We ( Andi/Gareth and I ) are blessed that we could have both dads around yesterday and a bit of today . 
hi ho hi ho , it's off to work we (?) go ...... 
sleep is sounding good , almost religious even ..... \ 
I should go do that ..... 
is contemplating the nature of time passing , and how people grow and change . I am thankful for my truly incredible friends , past , present ( and future ... since time is really an illusion ) . I hope you all know how incredible you are ... Namaste ... 
Just finished watching The Dorkness Rising with my husband , and both daughters ( he and < PROPFEMALE > hadn't seen if before ) . Gods I love that movie .... ( and I so know those people ... and now I miss gaming again ... grrrr ) 
I have two whole kid-free days ( and nights ) .... in a row .... I almost don't know what to do with myself ( hmmm , wait ... yes I do .... ) 
It is a perfect morning following a perfect night .... good friends ( that I haven't seen in way too long ) , good music , a couple of shots , a post gig trip to Dennys ( okay ... not my faborite restaurant ... but what cha gonna do at midnight ) , time alone with < PROPMALE > , and slept til 930 this morning ..... bliss 
Made my 1st clafoutis today ..... think I may have to make another tomorrow ( went way too fast ... but the good news ... they're fast to mix up , too ) . 
Ok , I think this might be fun ... so to copy < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ( who copied someone else ): POKE\ 
me if you ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think I'm\ 
a good friend . MESSAGE me if you ever wanted a relationship with \ 
me . COMMENT on this if we ever had a good memory . Now lets see whos \ 
... brave (?) enough to copy and paste this on their status . 
is now carless ( ok , really , I'm in exactly the same state I've been in for a while ... Dave and I sharing a car .... but the passing ( selling ) of the Pathfinder deserves to be recognized .... and maybe a little mourned ) . It's the end of an era .... and an affirmation that I'm not going to < PROPFEMALE > on to things that don't serve me , but instead leave a void , with faith the universe will bring wonderful things to fill it . 
19 days & counting down for school to start . Going thru the mental list (& spent many hours yesterday shopping with/for Andi to get her ready ) . Still need to register at the new schools ... need immunization records to do that ( prefer fresh ones from dr , IF I can get ' em ) . Gareth needs pants , lunchbox & a haircut ( esp . the haircut ); Andi should be pretty much set ... \ 
oh , & let's not forget , eye appts all around ... 
is ready for bed .... after entering her kids school information ( early releases/breaks/holidays ) , at least thru January , into Outlook where she can keep an eye on it . More complicated than you might imagine , since it involves 3 schools in two districts ... but I am suffused with a feeling or organization and accomplishment ... so that's nice 
ok , enough poking & commenting ..... gotta get my day started ( yes , I know it's almost 1p ... but I was up working til after 5a .... so it's morning to me ) ... and it's a long day ... I have errands ( including , hopefully , getting the kids registered for school ... fun fun ) ... oh , and I have to go bring them back from their dad's place , too ... ( goodbye peace and quiet ) 
is contemplating gluten free living . I heard tonight that my step dtr will be starting ( has started .. that bit isn't clear ) a gluten free diet . If I understand properly from my research and discussions ( pls correct me if I'm wrong , Cinder , ' cause you know more about this than anyone I know ) ... the only way to truly guarantee < PROPFEMALE > is gluten-free is to utterly remove it from our home ( to avoid cross contamination ) . 
Goodnight all , I am off to sleep , perchance to dream . \ 
And I wish you all a gentle rest , to awake truly renewed ; full of energy , joy , love , gratitude & health . May the spirit beings watch over you and yours , and guide us all to our greatest good . \ 
to quote a wise friend , Namaste , y'all 
we're off to the dentist with Andi .... keep good thoughts for us ... this is easily as anxiety provoking for me as it is for her ( and she gets all the good drugs ) ..... but my blessed husband is coming along for moral support ..... some days I'm ESPECIALLY glad I married him . 
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes ... and while I did not , in fact , party nekkid , I did have a very nice day with my family ... good lunch , happy children ... what more can you ask for ... 
Well , as my brother pointed out to me today .... 41 is a prime number .... so I've decided .... 41 is going to be my best year yet .... 
Well , they're off ... 1st day of school ( and the 1st year they're riding a different bus from one another . Gareth texted me ' cause he thought he was on the wrong bus ( it's shared between the high school and jr high ) ... so hopefully he got where he was supposed to be . \ 
Andi threw up & tried to stay home ... but I sent her and her nerves to school ... she was feeling better at the bus stop ... so I'm sure she'll be fine ... 
Well , we survived the 1st day ( back to school ) . Gareth had an adventure with his bus ... Andi had a bigger adventure getting off her bus ... but they both succeeded in meeting the challenges and getting where they needed to be safely and calmly . \ 
You gotta call that a win ... 
The week tootles along .... I've been doing some serious reading about nutrition and health ... hoping it will re-inspire me to ' put my money where my mouth is ' ( as opposed to my fork , for instance .... ok , not literally , but I couldn't resist that joke ) 
following the instructions : A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , when your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies ... They love you for who you are ! A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . REPOST if you are blessed ..... with at least one true friend .... They will know who they are 
Well , we have officially moved into a new < PROPFEMALE > . Gareth brought home a flyer from school today . A class trip to Washington DC next Summer ... his Social Studies teacher takes a group every year . He sooooo wants to go . We're all for it ... but the money is a wee bit scary .... $1728 ... but at least we have 7 months to try to come up with it ... wish us luck ... this is full on rite of passage stuff .... I don't want to say no . 
I am a sore puppy . I gave a friend a reiki treatment in my home office this morning , and it got me all inspired . So what did I do ??? I spent 2 hours in my garage , going thru boxes , reorganizing , restacking , unpacking ... and other gerunds . \ 
End result ... garage-getting better ; belongings-rediscovered ; gabi-sweaty and sore . 
ok , gotta go to bed ... can't find the cat , and my son has been up a dozen time , saying he can't sleep ..... I'm going to make one more try for the < PROPFEMALE > before I give up and leave her for < PROPMALE > ( who should be getting home from work sometime soon ... I hope ) 
Got a wee bit of furniture moved yesterday ... Now I have a new piece of workout equipment right here in house .... yay .... \ 
My home continues to take shape around me .... it's a slow but satisfying process ... 
I spent this morning feeling 17 again ... unfortunately in alternate hell universe of 17 ( my 17 was actually pretty fun , at least some of the time ) 
Time for bed ... my day starts again in less than 5 hours .... and sleep deprivation never made anything easier or better ... 
BTW ... thanks to all my friends who reached out to me today ... your pokes and comments and messages make my world a better place ... I appreciate all of you ... \ 
namaste 
There is an upside to having to get up at 5ish to get my son ready for school .... the temperature ..... it's about 73 degrees out .... I have windows open all over the house trying to take advantage of the cool while it lasts . I love it . 
ah sleep .... tis well past time ..... but , at least the dishes are clean , and my house is tidied ... so I go to bed with a clear mind ( or at least a clear kitchen counter ... which is similar , really ) 
When all else is chaos , no matter what , no matter when , this I can say is true : Cthulu loves me . 
Got my butt kicked ( metaphorically speaking ) by a card reading tonight .... clearly needed it , and I am thankful for the clarity and reminders ... 
Well , my 1st attempt ( in a long time , at least ) at roasting a chicken was interesting ... on the plus side ... flavor was excellent , but note to self --- it takes longer than you think ( and breast temperature isn't a good enough reason to remove from oven ) 
It's been a pretty good week , but I'm glad it's Friday ( well , Saturday in another 8 minutes ) . Now I'm just divided between sleeping in tomorrow , vs getting up when it's still cool and enjoying the morning ... so I'm turning off my alarm , and seeing what happens ... figure either way it's a win . 
Well , another lovely morning in the Burtless casa .... kids off to school ... dog walked ... now it's time for breakfast .... and a pot of tea ... \ 
I feel blessed ... 
stumbled on a great idea for an appetizer : some sort of bread product ( cracker , thinly sliced sourdough , pie crust ) , covered in roasted garlic , slightly smushed , sprinkle of med/coarse salt & a drizzle of honey ... oh gods , heaven .... ( I used a ' British ' cracker ... kind of like a tablewater but fluffier)\ 
discuss ... 
In other news , I had one of those wacky Facebook moments today ... found someone I haven't seen in 23 years ( give or take a couple ) ... talk about a blast from the past ... 
It's actually raining this morning .... I'm lovin ' it ( now if my husbands head wasn't about to explode ... I could open up the house ... but the humidity is killin ' him ( he's fighting a head cold )) .... but I can enjoy it thru the window .... 
has been researching e-readers . Basic considerations ( after cost , of course ... which is always important ) ... I want it to be library compatible , have audio ( MP3 player ) , good battery ( preferably owner changeable ) , good memory ( I don't care whether it's onboard or card/stick type ) , e-ink style screen ( not LCD ) , & some way to search/organize my books ... 
Well , my little(est ) girl turned 9 on Tuesday . Time flies when you're raising kids ..... 
Well , today I ' found ' the source of my 2nd favorite quote :\ 
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience , we are spiritual beings having a human experience -\ 
Teilhard De Chardin\ 
Actually , it was sent to me in one of the newsletters I subscribe to ( online ) 
Happy All Hallows < PROPFEMALE > my friends .... may the night bring whatever you want it to . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Meet .... 
can you say 101.3 fever & an icky icky cough ... yes , I thought you could .... \ 
can you say mega doses of vit C .... yes , yes you can\ 
can you say holy basil .... well , I can , that's for sure\ 
Well , at least it waited til after Halloween with the kids .... 
you know you love someone when you post a picture in which they look better than you ..... gods I love his smile . \ 
Happy 4 years my love 
way past time for bed .... it's been a busy 2 days ( for a sick woman ) ... I went to the doc yesterday ( yay zpak ) , and took both kids today ( now they're on antibiotics too ) . So , hopefully this fever train is turning around soon .... \ 
Now I just have to clean up the dishes and move laundry around on my way to bed .... all in a day's work . 
well , still a coughing family ... but less , I think .... I've been on the abx 24 hrs now , and my kids just started last night .... we'll see what the day brings ( other than competition over the couch ) 
Our poor TV finally went over to the darkside . < PROPMALE > attempted an exorcism ( which involved a new chipset , several resistors , and a lot of soldering ) .... but the pt died ... \ 
So sad . So , now we're using a wee 28 inch tube ( non HD ) TV .... ( it is in these moments that you learn how spoiled you have become ... that TV used to seem really cool ) 
This has been a glorious morning ( well , late morning , and early afternoon ) . I woke up late to find my husband next to me , watching me sleep and smiling at me . \ 
Later , I baked a loaf of banana bread , and made rice & beans in my pressure cooker . My kitchen smells fabulous . 
< PROPFEMALE > MajurWe\ 
are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th \ 
really good beer 
NEW\ 
GAME : Change your profile picture to your favorite cartoon from when \ 
you were a kid . The goal of this game is to not see a human picture on \ 
Facebook but an invasion of childhood memories until Monday . PLAY AND \ 
PASS ALONG ! ( yes , for some of us - this will TOTALLY date us ) 
Sleep ..... it's been a day . I had a wee Andi home sick today ; worked a little over 4 hours , mixed the sponge for the Scottish Sponge bread , as well as premixed the dry ingredients I will add in the morning . Plus the dry mix for a double batch of scones . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my extraordinary friends and family-I am thankful for each and every one of you , and blessings too numerous to name . I wish for you all the kind of love I have ( and have had ) in my life . \ 
Blessed be 
I have had so many amazing teachers in my life . And I don't mean in school ( tho ' I had a few good ones there too ) . Mostly I mean friends , family , sometimes authors & even strangers who illuminated who I might hope to be ( or sometimes who I didn't ) . 
recovering from a fairly wacky , fun office party last night . It's always fun to see those folks out of the office , and last night was no exception ..... 
Time to make the truffles ...... 
ok , Andi's just about ready to leave for school , and it's back into the kitchen for me . I just finished steeping the chile and cinnamon in the heavy cream , and it's time for it to meet the chocolate .... \ 
Then I can scoop the ganache I made last night .... I can't wait to see how the peppermint truffles turn out .... 
finally got some Christmas shopping done . Not a lot ... but everyone will have something to open ( until today , < PROPMALE > was woefully gift free in this house ... very sad ) . 
Oh , and I delivered another order of truffles yesterday , and got another order to deliver today ( followed by a 3rd order on Monday .... ) ... this is going well . Once Christmas is over , I'll total up my receipts minus expenses and see how much I made toward Gareth's Summer Washington trip . ( and a thank you goes out to my sister and her family for the trip contribution ... ) 
Just got home from < PROPFIRST>'s place , the food was epic as always .... beautiful gumbo .... hard to beat good food , good company , and good wine ..... 
Brightest Solstice Blessings to all my friends and family . As the wheel of the year turns and the days grow brighter , may all our lives grow brighter , too . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > meet ..... 
Ah , it is time for bed ... the sponge for tomorrow's bread is meditating in it's bowl , another double batch of ganache is cooling ( to be made into truffles tomorrow ) , and the corned beef is already boiled , and is sitting in it's pan to go into the oven tomorrow 
And in other news ... some amusing statistics . \ 
Since 12/11 , I have purchased 18lbs of dark chocolate and 6 or more lbs of butter . I have also made over 17 dozen truffles ( and have another 8-9 doz to go ) . \ 
I have also produced about 30 dozen pizzelles .... wheee ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all . \ 
For Christmas this year , I got , amongst other things ... a quiet house for several hours this morning . Oh , is there any better present ????? \ 
And in other news , pie crust is chilling in the fridge , waiting for me to decide what kind of pie it will become , and bread is proofing on the stove ... waiting to go forth into the oven .... 
Yesterday was lovely . Day started with excited kids , followed by a quiet house and baking . Followed by great friends , and eating . Followed by falling asleep on the couch watching a movie with Dave . \ 
It doesn't get much better than that . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are .... Leave me a 1- word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy .... that's no fun ! 
If you have a husband who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married ... 11/04/06 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who ... gets it and follows the instructions ) lama < PROPFIRST > lama 
Hey all , Andi is selling Girl Scout Cookies this year .... if anyone here in AZ doesn't already have a local source ... we'd love to be it . \ 
If you want more info , drop me an email . 
Just finished watching Dirty Rotten Scoundrels . Vaguely predictable ... but very very fun and clever ( and fun watching the kids watching it ... ) 
is glad that the Girl Scout Cookie pre-order period is almost over . And even more glad that Andi has done so well . Thank you to all of you who have helped her reach her goals ( and for anyone who hasn't had a < PROPMALE > yet , but who want to place an order ... we still have a couple of days ... so let me know ) 
MY PROMISE TO My kid : I will stalk you , flip out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your worst nightmare , and hunt you down like a bloodhound ... because I LOVE YOU !! When you understand that , I will know you are a responsible adult . You will NEVER find anyone who loves you , prays for you , cares about you , and worries about you more than I do !!! Repost this if you love your children ... 
is ready for lunch . Pretty good day so far , all kinds of getting stuff done . Wishing you all a share of my good vibes today .... 
wants you to comment on this status about how you met me . But I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , copy to your status so I can do the same . ( duly copied from a friend ) 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all . And to all a \good night \"" 
chesty-fantasia silverthong 
Made a batch of Lemon Curd this weekend . Thank you Tamira for sharing your recipe ... it continues to be both easy and the BEST LEMON CURD EVER .... \ 
On a related sidenote ... Trefoil Girlscout cookies dipped in lemon curd are sublime .... 
happy banana 
\It is essential that you find out what procedures your Girl Scout council has set up if you suspect that any girl in your troop/group is in serious trouble . \"" 
And now for something completely different : Go to your profile . The top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? 
You and I wake up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? \ 
If you comment , it's fun to copy and paste this as your status to see what others come up with ( copied from a friend ) 
Dinner this Sunday-roast chicken ( leg quarters ) .... dinner tonight .... turned the leftovers into really nice chicken soup . \ 
Gotta love the efficiency ( and not throwing away leftovers ) .... yay . 
It's been a fun day ... or as Tank Girl said ... \it's been swell 
Happy belated St. < PROPFIRST>'s to you all .... we were in a car for most/all of the day ( started a little after 11a Thursday , and ' landed ' around noon today ) . \ 
So , no corned beef ..... YET ..... it will happen .... soon 
is missing Washington state . Despite getting rained on ( alot ) .... I really felt well there , and I am seriously missing the cool damp at the moment . 
Breaking news : the Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up and Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get the Hell Over It . Any complaints about how we operate can be forwarded to 1-800 waa-whaa . With Dr Sniffle reporting LIVE from Quitchurbitchin ' . If you like this ..., repost it . If you don't , Suck it Up , < PROPFEMALE > 
it was like old times here tonight ... a couple of friends dropped by just before dinner .... turned into an impromptu dinner/chat/movie gathering . I'm tired , but boy , I needed that ..... 
When I was a kid I didn't have home computers internet or cell phones , I had a a yard , imagination and a bike . If I didn't eat what my mom made , - I didn't eat and I dealt with it . I didn't think of telling my parents \No\ " and I got my butt beat if I did . Life wasn't hard 
Ok , it's official .... I never thought I'd say this ... but I LOVE the new Linkin Park album . One of the songs sums up just how I feel about the politics and economy right now .... ( I have no idea if that's what they were trying to comment on ... but it's pretty appropriate if you ask me ) 
