lol . Yeah .... I finally decided to break down and get an account . Its gotten so big that my job even uses it to post important information . Now I just have to figure out how all this works . 

At work , trying to get over the emotional cliffhanger that came with todays work and reminding myself that I choose to do this work no matter how much pain or heartache I see . HIV counseling and testing can really hit you in the heart when you listen and 
Upset and just tired of the bullshit ......... I hate how people refused to figure out what the issue is or choose to ignore it and watch as the people they claim to love are hurt . As highly evolved humans we should want to know if our emotional or mental 
Listening to Drake and trying to mellow out ........... I think that I'm a little bit , a little bit , a little bit in love with you ............ I love this song . Hits home strong . 
UP UP UP . WHY WHY WHY .............. Guess ill try to do some constructive . 
Watching TV . SAD . Shaking my head at the world . Its amazing how we will find any little detail to concentrate on and argue about while the problem continues still unsolved ................... 
< PROPFIRST > is LOVING Black in < PROPFEMALE > and is being inspired even more to help the youth he works with . Giving back to the world and the next generation and in turn really helping the world to become a better place ......... What more could you ask for in life . 
RIP E . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . You were very important in my life and how I came into my sexuality . I will always be happy I had your books to enlighten me and help me to form my own confidence in who I was no matter what everyone around me was saying . You will alwa 
\He said . She said . They said . What do you say . Its your Dreams . Your Choice . Your Time . Your Life . So Dont You . Dont You . Miss It . What are you afraid of ? Dont you know what your made of . One of God's greatest creations . Take this invitation now ......... " 
My mom just joined face book ................. what is the world coming too . lol ( even though I am happy she joined ) If she joined then its official ........... face book is hooking people like crack . If terrorist decided they would attack individuals thro 
I'm Sorry ............... Even Good Guys Are Fools Some Time . 
A little SPARK of encouragement can ignite GREAT endeavors . 
Would Kill for a Home cooked Meal of Fried Catfish and Shrimp ........... Miss being able to go so many places back home and get a meal . 
Trying not to be Sad ........... My partner has gone home for a week and a half . When did I go from being a happy confident loner to someone who has to fight that feeling that you get when your mate leaves your side for an extended period of time . Love can be such a powerful thing . 
Head is hurting from the aspect of his work that he is not most gifted in .............. I would love to be a hermit who just went from place to place touching and speaking with others and helping them to heal their hearts . Without out all the added computer and paper work . But that stuff is needed too so I just need to practice practice practice . 
is walking on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
is finally watching the Real House Wives of Atlanta ........... Now lets see what everybody has been talking about . 
job is so interesting . I'm doing HIV Counseling and Testing at the Bronner Bros Hair show this weekend . My supervisor just pulled me from a meeting to help him set up at the World Congress center . How exciting !!!!! 
is going dancing tonight for the first time in a long time . I must admit I miss the excitement and thrill of the music , dance floor , and me in my own world moving as if no one is in the club but me . I wonder if I can still command the dance floor like I use too ........ 
had a GREAT time out Friday night but was so sick on Saturday he could not move out the bed all day . I think I must be allergic to the club or something ........... or maybe the spirits I consumed that night . * note to self * just because people buy you a drinks does not mean you have to drink them . 
Had a Really good time at work today . I love my job . I always come away feeling those goose bumps I get when I really connect with and help someone . Every day as I learn more , Im feeling more and more fulfilled . Although there is something that my heart is missing at the moment .................. 
is doing a lot of thinking about all the things he heard and experience today . Life and human beings are so complicated . How we feel and think about our lives effect who we are and who we become so much . Find ways to change that and we find ways of changing people's world ................... 
is growing more and more tired of this situation every day . If your family is the entity that is taking you on an emotional roll coaster does that make it okay .................. 
is going to find a new and interesting way to help someone today . 
is EXCITED !! Today is the day people ......... 
IS VERY VERY HAPPY RIGHT NOW !! 
Uhgggggg . I misplaced my phone again ............... Why do I keep setting it down and forgetting and walking away . I need to do better . Well I am on the hunt . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST MOM AND WOMAN IN THE WORLD . YOU HAVE BEEN MY HOPE , MY INSPIRATION , MY LOVE AND MY LIFE . THANKS FOR LOVING ME WITH ALL THE LOVE A WOMAN CAN GIVE HER SON !!!!!!! 
Wow . It's amazing how a storm can change a night into something totally different and mysterious .................. 
VIRGO POWER !!!!!! I LOVE THIS SEASON OF THE YEAR . THE ENERGY MY FELLOW VIRGOS GIVE OFF AS THEY CELBRATE THEIR YEAR FEELS ME WITH SO MUCH EXCITMENT . SHOUTING OUT TO ALL MY FELLOW VIRGOS . GOT TO LOVE YOU ALL . 
Has PRAYED and PRAISED hard about his day in anticipation of God ordering his steps and blessing all his endeavors as well as ALL of the individuals he comes in contact with today . What more is there left to do now but go to work . 
is doing what he does best . Taking Important behavior changing information and turning it into a fun , interactive , and educational workshop . I love to see people learning and having fun . Then walking away with something that can really help jump start some positive change in their life . 
is excited at the possibilities that change may bring into his life . Lord knows I miss home . 
is SUPER SUPER busy this weekend with Pride in the ATL . < PROPFEMALE > . 20$ . Food . 30$ . Seeing the youth come together and enjoy themselves in a positive healthy way . PRICELESS !!! 
Just because individuals have some of the same degrees does not mean they do the same things . I am not just a therapist . I am an Urban Psychologist . Even with three different degrees , I once again see that I need to obtain my doctoral degree ( final one I swear ) for individuals to respect that . 
discovering innovative ways to reach and help individuals to not only change behaviors but recreate themselves into the happy healthy person they were always meant to be . Different concepts , theories , and techniques that will allow African American heterosexual and homosexual individuals to counteract and heal from the traumatic experiences that can negatively impact how we look at and deal with life . 
Implying that all individuals in the field are the same because they have similar degrees is like saying that everyone who went to school for business have the same degree . I have been studying human thoughts , behaviors , and emotions every since I was a kid . Although finances have interrupted my education , I am always researching , analyzing , studying , and gaining experience in my life’s passion . I have and I am sti 
had a very long day and is finally starting to get over his irritation and frustration at a couple of comments that he heard today . Therapy is a very diverse field . Depending on what your interests are you would have studied and learned completely different concepts and skills . 
Somebody busted out my entire back damn window . I don’t know whether to be pissed or reason with myself about being angry over something that cannot be changed . My mom was trying to explain to me about the clear paper you get to go on your back window until you can get it replaced . Any suggestions on where to get it ? 
OMG . Like I was thinking she should not have won either ........ but Kanye damn dude she a kid . new on the scene . and you came out of no where . He probably scared her for the rest of the night . lol . THat man ALWAYS speaks his mind . He dont care where he at . If it feels like an injustice to him he on it . I dont know if i should respect him or shake my head from side to side ................ 
Thanks to everyone for the concern and support that was shown yesterday when my car was Vandalized . And big THANKS to my partner who noticed how overwhelmed and sadden I was from the situation yesterday and told me to sit back and get my head together while he clean up the glass from everywhere , went and bought the materials , and bandage the car . Gotta Love You !!! 
DANG . This is just turning out to be a Bad week for me . Meeting about something I wish I had never stuck my nose in , Bank manage to get 70 in fees but said u don’t understand because that is how the computer system is and Im learning that someone I communicate with every day is passive aggressive and will do anything to make things go his way . Shit . All I can do now is just pray that God's favor picks up from here . 
Thank you God for blessing me to see 29 when I was told I would never see 21 . Thank you for ordering my steps , guiding my heart , and allowing me to touch as many as I have . Although the road has almost never been easy , you have always been by my side and for that I will always feel blessed . You have and will always be the guiding force in all I do and for that on this day I PRAISE you . 
Wow . 29 . Every year my birthday gets more and more wonderful . I feel very blessed . Not only did I have a Great day but I received the next day off as well . I was able to reflect and think with no one else's emotions and energy around but my own . Thank you to everyone who sent me positive energy on my birthday . Big ups to God , my mom , my partner , and my roommate for making me feel extra special that day . 
has to work the entire weekend . Birthday Week good bye . Real World hello . 
is praying . HARD . 
Is anticipating seeing his family ( especially his mom . YES I am a PROUD momma's boy ) this weekend as he helps his cousin < PROPMALE > ( I'm a little jealous too . ) move from Atlanta to Baton Rouge . Its going be a quick trip guys ( basically Friday and Saturday which I hate but I’m staying grateful ) so make sure you see me at the house Fam(this especially means you < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > ) . Send them prayers up for a safe trip please . 
Is LOVING the time he is spending with his family . I cannot explain the feeling I get when I am back home surrounded by my HUGE family that I grew up with . It almost like catching a breath for the first time again . A feeling of calmness and safety from within . Bowling with my Cousins $12 . Taking the nieces and nephew for ice cream 15$ . Quality time with the people I Love the most . PRICELESS !! 
DAMN !!! Bad tropical storm hit Louisiana last night and this morning making my normal hour drive to New Orleans turn into two hours and I missed my train . Since the lady informed me there is only one train that leaves a day it seems I won’t be returning to Atlanta until tomorrow . Love the family but must admit I'm missing you ..... 
I made it home . That was one of the BEST trips home I ever had . I want to thank GOD for that blessing . I was one again reminded of why my heart exists in two places . I LOVE my family . My neices and nephew are so happy , beautiful , and so surrounded by love . That means so much to a guy with a background like me . The train ride home was long but also filled with insightful experiences . Can not wait to do it again . 
is UPSET and PISSED at the way people are rude and disrespectful to the President of the United States . The man just won the Nobel Peace prize and your questioning if he should have gotten it in the same hour . DAMN . When Kanye did that to < PROPFIRST > Swift people were ready to fight . Futher more the PRESIDENT of your country just won a huge WORLD award and your not even celebrating or acting like its a great thing . 
is UPSET and STRESSED that NOONE is donating to his AIDS Walk Fund . =( 
can not catch a break ! Already stressful week took a turn for the worse when his car got towed while on lunch break . DAMN ! My tag just expired last month ( which I did forget needs to be renewed every year ) and I was actually going to go get it today because I got paid(like SERIOUSLY it was my next stop ) but the police officer of course did not care . What ever happen to understanding police that give people warnings ! 
I JUST FEEL LIKE SCREAMING !!!!! 
has been so busy he has not been on here in a while . Yet its been a good , positive , supportive busy especially this weekend . I pray everyone has been happy , healthy , and blessed !!! 
has been feeling off his game ......... 
is happy and please to say you will be surprised at what a talk with God will do for all the confusion in your life . =) I need to make sure I do ALL the things that keep him in my life pointing me in the right direction or I will feel like I’m being pulled off course by all the different wants , motivations , and needs I can sense around me . All I can say is Gotta Love Him !! 
My brother brighten my day by sending : Hope your today is better than your yesterday and that u anticipate your tomorrow .... Smile !!. So I am going to do my BEST to honor those words today . 
Ok . so im really confused now . maybe someone can educate me . what's the difference between news feeds and status updates ? and i have to check two different places for them . was it always like that ? and whats live feed ? whats the simplest way of me seeing what everyone posted so i can keep up with my friends ? 
posting again since noone responded . =( Ok . so im really confused now . maybe someone can educate me . what's the difference between news feeds and status updates ? and i have to check two different places for them . was it always like that ? and whats live feed ? whats the simplest way of me seeing everything everyone posted so i can keep up with my friends ? 
Saw Precious last night . I walked away feeling blessed and inspired . thank God that no matter what I endured as a kid I had a mom who loved her kids more than anything(man)no matter the consequences to her . I connected with the teacher and she reminded me of why I am so passionate about the work I do . We have too many Precious's in the world . Individuals who need someone to remind them of how special they truly are . 
is up early on a Sunday morning . At work at the Deeper Love Retreat . Lot on my mind . My heart goes out to everyone I know who just lost someone . But hey . Read bible . Sent up my prayers to the almighty one . As long as this day is used to do some good in someone's life my early morning is worth it . Be blessed everyone . God loves you !! 
brother is coming into town tomorrow . I am so EXCITED !! I LOVE my family and get HYPED anytime any of them come to visit especially any of my brothers . Thanksgiving this year will be really cool . I have not been with a family member on this holiday in a couple of years . I have a big smile on my face . 
Wow . Being a Grown up on Thanksgiving is a LOT of work . But it was worth it . Thanks to all my friends and brother who spent their holiday with me . I hope everyone's Thanksgiving was filled with love and fellowship . Peace and Blessings to all . 
is EXCITED about the Holiday Social for both of the programs he works with . Excited to be seeing my fellow brothers of Deeper Love and even more excited to be helping to give some Holiday Love , Spirit , and Cheer to the younger brothers of Evolution . Helping others to feel GOOD POSITIVE emotions during the holiday season . What more could you ask for !!! 
CONGRATS to My Aunt < PROPFEMALE > for Graduating from Southern this Fall 2009 with her Masters !!!! 
Is SUPER anxious and nervous about the Big Social event on Wednesday at 6 . I am praying everything comes together as plan and it’s a really nice and magical night for everyone . HEARS ! To PRAY ! 
Dang !! Can not believe it's that time of year again already . Miss you . Have a safe flight . Dont worry or stress . Dont Let ANYONE no matter WHO they are make you feel bad for who you love . Have fun and enjoy your family . See you in Texas . 
Okay . Got the Car . Packing it up and getting ready to head to Baton Rouge . Here i come family . I HATE this eight hour drive but the prize at the end is worth it . I can not wait for our Christmas < PROPFEMALE > party . See you all soon . 
Has Made It home after a VERY Interesting trip . People are funny . I dont know whether to frown or laugh . But at the end of the day hopefully everything worked out for everyone . Now its off to bed . On the way to < PROPMALE > tomorrow . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to Everyone . May your season be filled with Love , Hope , and Joy . 
in < PROPMALE > Texas . When family gets together you never know what surprises will happen . Thats good and bad . But I enjoyed EVERYONE I got to see this holiday ESPECIALLY all my brothers . I had a good time at the Christmas party and seeing my neices and nephew light up a room made every part of this 12 hour drive worth it . Now I just can not wait to see you . One week from today . Hope you feel the same way too . 
is irritated and confused . Moments like this my mischievous brain gets to working in over drive . Somebody pray for me people please =) .......... 
is feeling much much better . I can be so hyper emotional and dramatic sometimes . But at least I know the type of person I am . Which is why I asked for those prayers . Thanks for the support and help friends . 
is wondering why is loving and giving pieces of myself to another person sooo hard . U really have to be ready to trust , feel , and be open to really allow another person into the deep areas of your heart . To allow another person to see u at your most vulnerable moments without feeling weak . But like < PROPFEMALE > said \That's the way Love goes\ " . If I want it I have to be ready to put in the emotional and mental work to keep it " 
Damn Damn Damn . I just got over a cold two weeks ago and now I have caught another one from the sick kids in my family . Now its back to the Day Quil and Night Quil again . Although I hate having a cold i must admit being around them was worth it . Remember sneeze in your elbow !!! 
is up late bored in < PROPMALE > . Why dont I really know a lot of people here ........ who knows . My brother and his room mate have to go to work so everyone in here is knocked out including the dogs . I need to meet more individuals so i can have something to do at night besides stare at the TV and computer screen . Any suggestions Anyone ???? 
is having fun catching up with an old friend . Thanks for having me over < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I am a MAN of integrity , honor , faith , loyalty , courage , compassion , caring , LOVE , and purpose . My VALUES are the most important part of my being . They make up who I am and how I CHOOSE to interact with this world . Anyone WHO truly knows me . Will know that . \I'm to loyal and to focus . to be losing and be hopeless\ " . TYGA " 
had a really good day . Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and Enjoli at the mexican restaurant was fun . Then going to my Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s house with my brother < PROPMALE > was so cool . Now time for rest . BIG day tomorrow . U come into town . Im excited . Hope you are too . I love U . 
Happy New Year to everyone I know . I pray the love in my heart finds each of you as we trasnsition into a new year . Whether we speak often or live afar , I wish u lots of blessings and joy in the upcoming year . Live hard , Laugh often , Love Yourself Always . See u in 2011 . 
is back in ATL after a long Holiday break filled with lots of driving and traveling . I HATE driving but it was worth it to see so many of my family members . Big Shout Out to EVERYONE in TX and LA who me feel at home . I really appreciated it . Now back to the real world or is this part a dream ..... 
I'm Back FB friends . Finally got my Internet right at home(DAMN Comcast lol ) . I Hope everyone has been blessed . I have been . Volunteered for MLK day with good people , saw a old friend on her new start , and got a surpise High-tech phone call from a great friend . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to all my Aquarius folk . ( I know a LOT ) Big Shout Out to all my family , friends , and especially my baby during this time of Birthday Celebrations . I had a REALLY good time at my cousin's wife Charmisa B-Day party last night . Now to figuring out how I am going to afford all these gifts . =) 
Okay so I ran into a issue yesterday . I really wanted to give props to my Home State Team the SAINTS but i also wanted to still celebrate my Aquarius people as well . So I came up with this . GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SAINTS . GREAT JOB . Way to make it to the Super Bowl . And Happy Birthday to ALL my Aquarius folk as well . If your smart and you know like I know you are a SAINTS fan too . =) 
Okay .... Now I am WAY past frustrated and in the angry zone . I thought I was doing a really good and supportive job of handling the situation the way I was . Being understanding . Dealing with the many different things I have been told with a laugh , joke , and smile and not screaming about all the uncomfortable stuff its left me in . Until Im getting questioned and lectured and IT HAS NOT EVEN BEEN TAKING CARE OF YET !!! 
A Clearing of Head , Body , and Soul is what I need . To wash all the stress , anxiety , hurt , and pain I come in contact with on a daily basis(listening to other's issues and helping is rewarding but not always easy ) . I really need to get on the ball and start these yoga classes I said I was going to do in the New Year . 
I just got my new quote for the bulletin board at work from the video game my partner is playing . \Courage Is The Magic To Turn Dreams Into Reality\ " . Wow . Inspiration can sometimes come from the most unexpected of places !!! " 
Is at Work STARVING !!!! Why did I not pack a lunch today and Why is today not pay day !!!! I can not WAIT for the end of the work day ! 
WATCHING THE STATE OF THE UNION . EXCITED !!! FINALLY A PRESIDENT WHO UNDERSTANDS WHAT REALLY HAPPENS IN < PROPFEMALE > . ALL MY DEBT IS STUDENT < PROPFEMALE > S AND MEDICAL BILLS FROM ME PURSUING THE \ < PROPFEMALE > N DREAM\ " . THAT < PROPFEMALE > FORGIVENESS AFTER 10 YEARS FOR WORKING PUBLIC SERVICE SOUNDS WONDERFUL MR . PRESIDENT . " 
Prayed . Read My Bible . Checked In Within . Now its time for Another Deeper Love Retreat Weekend . More Brothers . Hopefully More Epiphanies !!! Have a Blessed Weekend People . 
is trying HARD to get this monthly report done thats due !!! I will get back with everyone as soon as all this work keeps falling out the sky . 
is spending the weekend at a another retreat but this time with the guys of Evolution . This one is overnight . A weekend in the woods with leadership and team building to enhance the guys as individuals . Im looking forward to a productive weekend . See you when i arrive back in ATL . 
is showing some LOUISIANA pride . Gooooooooooooo SAINTS . You can do it . 
watched a foot ball game on TV for one of the first times . And It was a GREAT game . I did not even care about having to have most of it explained to me . All I cared about was watching my home state team the SAINTS win the super bowl . I know they partying in Louisiana tonight . This feels so good after all the things that have happen to New Orleans in the past year . After every rain shower the sun will shine . WHO DAT !! 
My Baby's birthday is coming up . Im so excited . Love to plan a great day for him that leaves him smiling and feeling special . Now if i can just stop worrying about everything going right . lol 
Shopping . Shopping . Shopping . V day and a Birthday three days behind . I stay in the store in February although I hate shopping . But you do what you have to for love . At least I have everything all planned out and written down . I should be able to get in and get OUT . 
Happy V day Everyone . Hope your day is filled with love , hope , and joy !!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY !!! 
is feeling sick and light headed from all the paint fumes at work . Is this safe ???!! Thank God end of the year reports and the birthday/V day events are over . Now I can concentrate on more long term goals . Hey Everyone I have missed Ill get back with you soon ....... 
is getting ready for the future . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > D . Cain . RIP Cuz !!!! 
feels like shit . UGH !!! I can't stand being sick . And then taking meds with my IBS always is tricky . To feel better with one thing makes me feel worse with another . So is life I guess . You take the good with the bad ....... 
is feeling a lot better . It was back to the real world for me today . 
If I came with a warning sign , what would it say ?? Put this on your status , if you're not afraid of what people will say !!!....... I got that from a friend's < PROPFEMALE > . And why have I misplaced my phone AGAIN . Sorry people who are trying to reach me . I need to maybe glue it to my hand or something . 
Does Anyone else remember watching the movie \ The Lost Boys\ " as a kid . Im watching \ " Lost Boys II\ " who would have ever though they would make a part two of this movie . Well lets see what these vampires are up to now ....... " 
is watching her name was < PROPFIRST > . Which has been really interesting and eye opening . Although I am gay I know very little about trangenders ( people for some reason think they go hand in hand and they always dont ) . Hopefully this experience will teach me to be more knowledgable and helpful with those individuals i come into contact with . People are people . LOVE them for who they are and not who you want them to be . 
is thanking God for all the wonderful love and blessings he has allowed my life to be graced with even when I am too deep in all the problems of the world to appreciate it . Thanking him for the people , love , and his grace that touches my life at all times when I am in the midst of doing what I feel he sent me to this earth to do . 
LOVE TO LOVE ...... THAT'S THE KEY !!!! \MAYA \"" 
Watching the President of the United States right now . I never thought the day would come where I would say \I LOVE MY PRESIDENT !! \ " Wow . I have really learned the meaning of never let ANYONE tell you what's impossible . You never know what is possible until it happens . Always dream big . " 
In Grad School at < PROPMALE > Atlanta University I was taught a Motto I keep in my heart . \I'LL FIND A WAY OR MAKE ONE !! \ " For a solution finding never letting ANYONE hold me back brother that was one of the best things < PROPMALE > instilled in me . Never let anyone or thing hold you back . If the answer is not there create it but never believe you will fail . The road to success is filled with moments of never giving up . " 
had the WORST day and night !!!! I can not wait until the middle of the summer gets here . Maybe the summer heat and the change that comes with the seasons will bring more joy and peace into my world . 
Seize and < PROPFEMALE > the moments you have with family , Say the things you should say , Appreciate the time you have to get to know someone and dont let anything stand in your way when you have time to do something about it . Feeling really sad about a family member i lost but never really took the < PROPMALE > to get to know . 
So Today is I CARE DAY for me . Due to my work duties(ALWAYS talking and listening ) , my eccentric personality(detached , loner , etc ) , and my dislike of talking on the phone I dont always get to communicate with the people that mean a lot . So today Im taking time to let individuals know I care . No MATTER how often we talk you are never far from my heart or thoughts . If you need me never forget Im here(text is quicker :) 
is taking that long drive to Baton Rouge for his Grandfather's funeral . It's a sad occasion that brings me home but I will be delighted to see so many family members . I love and miss my family all the time . Well get ready Momma and Jayden . Here i come to be all up in your face befor I have to make it back to life in Atlanta . 
Thank you for all the Prayers , Condolences , and Well wishes for my grandfather's passing . They are greatly appreciated . It is always an amazing and interesting experience when I see so many family members in such a short time . So many personalities , emotions , and experiences . But it's all worth it even if it can be draining . 
can not find the words to express everything he felt yesterday . As my mom said \that was one of the best heartfelt funerals she had ever attended\ " . It was a celebration of his life and his passing into < PROPFEMALE > . I learned so much about my grandfather . I also felt so much LOVE as my family came together to support each other . I felt welcomed and got to know so many more of my father's family . Now its back to the ATL . " 
is working HARD to finish all these reports he got behind on while he was out for the funeral last week . I will respond to and thank everyone who sent me a comment as soon as I am caught up . Quote I read today\ A person's CHARACTER is formed by the obstacles they face and the PERSEVERANCE they choose to use to overcome it . Have a blessed week people . " 
Okay so April has been a month . Death in the family , laptop broken , tooth ache , as well as a host of other things . Yet , I still manage to glorify God through it all . Life is getting better and things can only go up . Thank you lord for the positive spirit you bless me with . I still have a LOT of people to hit back . Now that I have my lap top , Im on it . Happy week everyone . 
So yeah my phone was stolen last night . And before I could disconnect it they had changed my voice mail message and erased ALL my messages . ( SHL ) So if you calling and not getting me that's why . But in every trial God sends a blessing . Thanks again to everyone who supported me last month . I tried to personally answer your message but in case i did not . Thanks again . 
IT'S OFFICIAL . I'LL BE RELOCATING TO < PROPMALE > IN THE BEGINNING OF JULY . SO WISH ME LUCK AND SEND BLESSINGS THAT EVERYTHING FLOWS RIGHT AND ACCORDING TO GOD'S PLAN . ANY GOOD SUGGESTIONS OR ADVICE IS ALWAYS WELCOME . 
is experiencing a LOT of different emotions in reference to his life changing as he packs up to move out his apt . But what I am going to focus on is being positve and having faith . Much love and blessings to everyone . 
is such an EMOTIONAL man like my mom likes to say . lol . Im packing and reminiscing about my last 7 years in atl . I keep so many lil keepsakes from almost everything that happens in my life in a box . So packing is like walking down memory < PROPFIRST > . No matter the hardships I really enjoyed my life here . I grew into a man . I caint believe Im leaving . But my heart is pulling me . Lets see what this new chapter will bring . 
OMG . I thought moving was rough . Relocating is a bit ** . So even wih all the pre planning and organizing I still did not leave on schedule and spent more money then i thought . But I am finally on the road and heading for < PROPMALE > . Wish me luck and blessings on this drive home . 
In < PROPMALE > getting my mind geared up for new beginnings . This move Already is teaching me a lot about myself and other people . Sometimes its not the situation or challenge U face but how U choose to handle(negatively or positively ) it and whether you will use it to grow or let it destroy U and all U may have . Im CHOOSING to grow and excel and use EVERYTHING to move towards my dreams . Will U win or lose ? YOU CHOOSE ! 
time in < PROPMALE > is getting better and better by the moment . The longer I am here the more I feel this may be the place for me . I feel peace in my soul . Can family really be the one thing my heart was missing . I am really hopeful that this move will bless me in many different ways to come . Thanks everyone for all your support as I go through this transition . Much love to everyone . 
in ATL staring at my apt that needs so much cleaning and packing of stuff I might scream . This vacation was more work then anything . Time to breathe and get to work . Thanks to Rashaad Newsom < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dawson Torin L . < PROPFIRST > L < PROPFEMALE > B . Woods for your help . This move would not have been the same without you . 
is happy to say things seem to be going to God's Plan . Although MY plans did not happen the way I thought they should everything still happened . Im glad that I have ALL my old apt things completed and done . Special THANKS to < PROPMALE > Barnes for opening his heart and home to me and mine . It means more then U will ever know . 
so your gone . U were right I do miss u but I'm happy your spending time at home . Now to continue working and praying on my transition to < PROPMALE > especially the job part . And seeing people before I leave the city . And getting my work out on before Disney next week . Much love to everyone . Have a blessed week . 
is thinking there must be something attractive about the situation if I choose to keep dealing even though I think its foolishness . lol . Guess I have learned its best to see how something plays out then to use my keen insight to make a decision before it even happens . I have learned that sometimes people will plesantley surprise you . So here's to the best while I look and just SMHALAS . 
is looking forward to his baby coming home tonight . I also go to Disney this weekend for the first time in MY life with people I really love . So send up blessings and good energy that all goes GREAT . Also keep praying about me and my transition . When the praises and prayers go up the blessings come down . 
is realizing a vacation for him may never be a vacation . seems like it will ALWAYS be something stressing me or keeping my anxiety above normal . I really need to get a handle on ALWAYS caring MORE about what others want or learn how to only be around ME . I always pride myself on being a GOOD(not perfect)man who puts his heart first . it seems the more u strive to be your best others expect u to be perfect . Im not . 
had a GREAT time in < PROPMALE > . No matter what happen the love that people share will ALWAYS pull them together and help them to create wonderful memories . Special Thanks goes to < PROPFIRST > Griffin Jr. < PROPFEMALE > Griffin Rashaad Newsom < PROPMALE > Cobb Charmisa King-Cobb Renard and everyone else who help to make my first vacation great . The time we shared touched my heart and helped to create memories that will be remembered forever . 
back in the ATL . I feel God blessed me because I REALLY enjoyed this trip and the time I spent with loved ones . Special Thanks again to < PROPFIRST > Griffin Jr. < PROPFEMALE > Griffin Rashaad Newsom < PROPMALE > Cobb Charmisa King-Cobb Renard and everyone else that was on this trip . This was the best first vacation . Back to the real world were Im making moves . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > have a baby on CNN tomorrow . I can not wait to see the show . It sounds like its going to be exactly about what i have been working and and praying for all my life . It is the exact process , and issues that I have thoiught about and plan to go through . Its expensive . But The < PROPMALE > to have all my dreams . The < PROPMALE > to have a family and be a father is worth it . 
is watching the days flow by . Wow time seems to move faster as I get older for some reason . The day is almost here . This is a new unchartered path and I have so many mixed feelings but the ones Im trying to focus on is FAITH and POSITIVITY . Thanks so much to everyone that God blessed me with in my life that is helping me in ANY way to make these plans become reality . I APPRECIATE it ALOT . 
REALLY LOVED his going away gift he received yesterday at his farewell job lunch . I was just discussing the mixed emotions I was having about this step of faith with my coworker < PROPFEMALE > Dickens who also has been blessed with a < PROPMALE > to pursue her dreams and the Journey to Success frame and < PROPFEMALE > I received from ASK US really made a difference . 
Although my phone has been dead and I got really sick , I am still having a good time at Camp High Five . Note to self : Check for all bags before leaving the house(or at least the phone charger ) and hyper active sweat glands and sweat soak clothes do not match well inside VERY air conditioned cabins(summer colds ) . See and speak to everyone in the Real world on Friday . 
Last day at camp was really emotional and heart felt . These youth born with HIV through no choice of their own really showed me what u can do with life as long as u have a positive attitude about your situation . Yet it was tarnished by 2 close \friends\ " deceiving me over something I would have gladly let them have then were upset that I was hurt by the deceit ! Then My phone BROKE . LIFE . U take the good with the bad . " 
And so the countdown begins . I can not believe I leave this Thursday . Please Pray with me that everything works according to God's Plan and that everything in this next chapter is successful and blessed . Okay soooo I have a friend who is really super down about the move . Any suggestions on helping me to change the energy into positive energy ?? I am getting excited about God's plan . Who knows whats next !! 
Could not sleep last night at all . The fact that my life is about to COMPLETELY change on tomorrow(Any change is hard)is starting to really hit me emotionally . Then things that I thought I dealt with in advance so I could fully concentrate on the effects of this faith based relocation on ME ! I find Im still handling . U can control how u handle things but OTHERS not so much . Praying for Peace , Blessings , and Strength . 
is no longer a ATL resident . I have made it safe and today begins my first Official day in < PROPMALE > . Now the To Do List and all the things I need to do to start a NEW life here especially finding a job . Yet , besides my natural abnormal anxiety I am starting to feel emotionally and mentally free-er . I realize to do the work I do I have to have balance in my environment or at least not have emotional discord every day . 
Soooo in the midst of week 2 . So many changes and adjustments u would think I was in month 2 but hopefully that means Ill be more settled by then . Have really enjoyed the support of and seeing my family especially my brother in < PROPFIRST > . Im pretty sure i will get to visit Baton Rouge this weekend . Peace and Blessings to everyone . 
No matter the fallout is happy he followed his heart and decided to take his first drive from < PROPMALE > to Baton Rouge for the Family Picnic . It was really good to see so many old and new family faces especially my neices , nephew , and cousins . This is what makes life's path easier . Spending time with people u love . Much love Fam ! 
this has been one of the longest , discouraging , and challenging days since I been here . I feel like emotionally my brain is on fire and i want to scream WTHWYT . Even with my plan there were things I did not consider because I had no clue to begin with . Well as my mom said dnt let the devil steal your joy . Just Endure . Pray for me People . 
was disturbed to find out that a decision in regard to his last employment was denied . Wont go into detail because Im a respectful guy . But it amazes me when people around u can sense/know the ISSUES but want u to pretend their not there along with them . Yet , when the ISSUES get to the point where u can no longer deal and leave they continue to deny the ISSUES to hinder your progress . Well appeal time . 
is having a really rough week in < PROPMALE > . Laptop broke , flat tire , car got towed . I am on the verge of insanity . But I will not let the devil make me feel defeated . Things will get better and I will continue to have faith and be positive . Thanks to Rashaad Newsom and < PROPMALE > Woods for being there for me . Your calmness kept me sane . Its the third week and things can only get better from here . 
is REALLY thankful to God for good family and friends who support and encourage you through ALL trials and situations . I am especially thankful for having a GREAT brother < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > who is really being SUPER with helping his brother transition from Atlanta to < PROPMALE > . Without good family and friends what would I do ......... 
is doing his best to try and stay positive and up beat and not become defeated and down . A break through is just around the corner . Its what i keep telling myself and praying for . No matter what new trials and stresses come my way every week . Gods blessings come to all who stay faithful . 
Three tire blow outs ; one on the highway , car towed again , gps and computer broke but I still choose to focus on the blessings like receiving a job offer and even more interviews . God wants a life filled with love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness , gentleness , and self control for us . I focus on that . 
is really appreciative of the Angels God sent to answer his prayers today . Big thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Cobb < PROPMALE > Barnes L < PROPFEMALE > B . Woods < PROPFIRST > Evans and < PROPMALE > . People who showed that kindness comes when you least expect it and that you can rely on people in this world . Staying focused and positive . things can only get better from here . 
had the WORSE weekend EVER in ATL . arrested for driving with no insurance(although I have it/car towed too ) , spending ALL the money I had to cover the bogos charges , having the police and my insurance company blame each other , to feeling cheated . And I have to go BACK in a week for court and find a lawyer . I wish I NEVER went . Life keeps hitting me but as Teedra says . What dont kill u , makes u stronger . THUG it out ! 
is down . 
is RIGHT BACK UP . Had my day to cry my tears and be depressed about everything that is going on . Luckily my wonderful mom reminded me that U can not focus on whats happened or what your going through but be POSITIVE and focus on your hopes and dreams for tomorrow . Yes Im sad but I can not let my self get defeated . Thanks for all the support guys . 
is back in < PROPMALE > after having to go BACK to Atlanta this week . Now hopefully I want have to go back until November 15 . Car is not starting unless it gets a boost so I pray its just the battery . I have had more issues pop up in a month then i had in a year . hopefully its all a test and not my favor going down hill . on a good note , EXCITED about starting a new job next week . blessings and love to all . 
Had a really GOOD day yesterday hanging out and catching up with his friend < PROPFEMALE > Route and going to his friend < PROPFEMALE > A < PROPMALE > Birthday celebration with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and Rashaad Newsom . A good day with no mishaps or unexpected issues and lots of laughs and fun . Im thanking God for that and Praying for more Good days to come . Happy Birthday again < PROPFEMALE > A < PROPMALE > . Love U Much . 
feels blessed to see a new year and to have so many loved ones . I still can not believe Im 30 . Wow . still wrapping my brain around that . I pray God fills my 30 with even more blessings and love then he filled my 20s with . Thanks for all the birthday wishes . Much love to everyone . 
had a cool birthday(Thanks for hanging with me all day Rashaad ) and first week at work . Working hard reading all this new material so i can be as great as possible at my new job so i did not have a < PROPMALE > to come finish thanking everyone until now . Going out of town for training this weekend while LOVING this Kierra Sheard song \Change\ " . Its gonna come . Blessings to everyone . " 
is in < PROPFIRST > for a training for work for the beginning of the week . I love to Learn new things . Training class here I come . 
Had a really good time hanging with his brothers in < PROPFIRST > for Calleen birthday weekend . I would not let those memories go for nothing . Now its back to my new job . My life is changing . Hopefully for the better . God bless everyone this week . 
scripture of the day : But the wisdom that comes from heaven is first of all pure : then peace-loving , considerate , submissve , full of mercy , and good fruit , impartial and sincere . Thats the kind of wisdom i hope God sends my way . 
is working hard to learn and get acclimated to his new job but I feel sad that i dont always have time to talk or check in on my friends and their lives . So I wanted to send some brotherly LOVE through face book today to ALL the individuals who have touched my life and mean so much to me . I pray God is sending blessings and joy your way . Lost some family today . RIP CUZ . And I just wanted everyone to feel some love . 
is in Atlanta at a conference learning a lot . Brain feels so heavy . lol . But Im enjoying the challenge . 
Saw For Colored Girls and was really moved by the movie . It reminded me of why I take pride in caring about and protecting my sisters . Life can be hard in many ways for our women especially when men who are suppose to protect them are the ones hurting them the most . Much Love to all my Sisters , Keep healing whats missing within and loving , protecting , and respecting yourselfs while searching for your rainbow . 
is in < PROPFIRST > during the beginning of the week for a job training . Lots of new things to learn . 
okay ... so I usually dont jump on the band wagon . But these questions seem like fun . So ill try it even though i doubt I get many questions . So ask away and Ill answer any question asked . 
Q.so like when we were in school together did u ever like me ( as a friend , because u and i shared the same bf ) or was it because we had mutual friends ? A . Yeah I liked u . U were one of the few people I felt really cool with in high school ....... and I REALLY hope bf stands for best friend . 
Q : Do you remember when you were my lil boo !!! LOL !! A . I dont and I feel so bad about that . I keep racking my brain . I was dealing with so much and in my own lil world as usual . Charge it to my head and not my heart . We will have to talk so I can remember those days too . 
Q . have I made a difference in your life ? A . Ever since I met you . You have always been that shining light that I connect too . I dont know how my move to < PROPMALE > would have went without u . 
Q : How come we not as close as we used 2 be ? I really miss u ! A . Only because we are not in the same city . I miss and think about u too . U were a really good part of my highschool years and always made me laugh and i loved to hear u sing . 
Q . how fast can you move your tongue ? REALLY . lol . Who measures that ? IDK . Fast enough to make whoever Im with scream . =) 
Q . What do you think of me ? A . What can I say that will ever put all that u have been to me into words . I Love u . U have always been there for me and always loved hearing from me no matter when I needed u . U show me the true spirit and beauty of friendship . Your special and I ALWAYS want u in my life . 
Q . Have you ever donkey punched someone ? During sex . NO . Im not violent like that . outside of it u dont want to cross me . lol . 
Q . Have you ever ate a female ? A . Hell No . Thank God for blessing me with the ability to figure out what I want without having to try it . I have never had the urge for any of that . 
Q . On a scale of 1-10 ... with 10 being the highest . lol . U know the rest of that question . A . 10 . I have had LOTS of practice . 
is on his last day of training . Have to do my presentation/teach -back then its back to < PROPMALE > tonight . Looking forward to seeing my Baby brother for his birthday . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > . Thank God for a good trip and for a safe flight home . 
Really hopes EVERYONE had a blessed thanksgiving filled with LOTS of moments to feel thanks for ALL that they have been blessed with in life . Now back to work . Going to NY for the 1st time this week for a training . Little nervous . Small city guy in a HUGE city for a week . Any suggestions on things I should visit or see are welcome . 
today was my last day of D Up training in New York . It was GREAT . I learned a LOT and met amazing people in my class . Now to switch hats and become a tourist and try to see some local sites while Im here for the weekend . I really enjoyed being in New York although i never thought i wanted to come . God blesses us with amazing things even when we dont realize were being blessed . 
After NY Im feeling REALLY reflective on my choices in life . Being in a city I would never have dreamed of going to and enjoying it made me look at what i expect for me . I always know i will work hard and achieve my goal but i never think about enjoying it . After losing my cuz to AIDS I came to this field with passion and purpose but i need to remember me . i hope my cuz is proud as I continue to learn on my journey . 
is in DC . So many new places , people , information , and ideas that my brain feels likes its going to bust . Im stepping outside my box in so many ways that sometimes i have to remind myself to breathe . When did the simple helpful small city guy become so much more ? 
had a super sad Christmas . =( Reminded me of most holidays as a kid . Thought once I grew up , became independent , and found someone to love and care about me being happy ALL that would change . starting to wonder if I have that personality that makes others eventually get use to me being there and all i give and stop caring about what makes me happy . 
after spending some time praying and having a heart to heart with my mom , I have decided to throw my grown man back on and do my best to not let lifes issues effect a holiday that is really special to me . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE who i have not text or talk too(new phone so i dont have a lot of < PROPFIRST > anymore ) . I hope your holiday is filled with love , happiness , joy , peace , and good holiday spirit all around u . 
had a really GREAT time seeing his family in B R . even caught up with some great long term from high school friends < PROPFEMALE > Gaines and < PROPFEMALE > Secondchance < PROPMALE > while I was there . Now its on to < PROPFIRST > for New Year to visit my Baby brother . Hope your having a blessed holiday facebook . 
What do you do when you dont know what to do ........... 
Wants to say a HUGE happy birthday to all the wonderful Aquarius he knows especially to < PROPFEMALE > Farmer and < PROPMALE > Barnes Two people who became his friend when he least expected it and needed it the most . I love you guys . Hope your day of birth was wonderful and blessed . 
is confused about whats going on or what to even do ......... Uggh . This place always feels so lonely to me . Guess all I can to do is pray and get help from the one place I have left . 
