Is ready for her back and neck to be pain free ... 

yet again as a semester nears beginning I find myself searching for another apartment ... this is getting old- I hope it isn't going to completely repeat like a broken record . 
Finding apartments sucks ! 
work sucks and currently moving isn't much better 
London in a year and a half .... sounds good to me ! 
I spent this morning prepping everything for my favorite meal of all times and what happens ... the power goes out ... 
There is nothing like a good day in the park and a trip over the < PROPFEMALE > Gate . 
Just cooked and ate the BEST prime rib EVER ! 
Cant find the 4 pieces of paper that will save her butt .... not good ! 
Urban Dictionary : < PROPFEMALE > -This girl that is way cool . 
There is nothing like a day at the beach and taking in all that is the < PROPFEMALE > Gate bridge . 
is really sick and tired of being held souly accountable for everyone else crap ! 
Has found the next inspirational store in SAC ... LOVE the Z Gallery Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
it is going to be a long 8 weeks ..... 
hoping this lunch break will help me get through the next 4 hours ... shoot me please ! 
Just got the possibly one of the coolest intership I could ask for ! 
Learned that she horribly sucks at Disc Golf ... 
\ ... but I was just born too late . \ " AWESOME show yesterday ! Thanks MOM ! " 
Wondering if $145 is worth it to get a business licence ... 
2 hours of sleep isn't enough prior to a day of fishing out at sea . 
LOVE that they are forecasting thunderstorms for today !!! 
may officially hate working Wednesdays .... 
It is FINALLY cold enough to pull out long sleeves and cute jackets ! 
Thanks to class scheduling for next semester goal of May 2011 has been killed ... fingers crossed December 2011 ... 
today might have been the last day of flip flop weather :( 
how does one care for a turtle ...? 
OMG ! They're Flocking .... lmao ... 
Really hate the way my mind currently races on my days off ... 
homemade gluten free chex mix ... not too bad 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > .... NOOooooo ! 
why must it pour on the one day I need to bring all my drafting stuff to school ? 
and with 2 hours to kill on campus my power cord finally dies .... I'm sooo bored ! 
and for my birthday my dad finally tried sushi .... < PROPFEMALE > proud ! Go dad ! 
I can finally wear my capris and flip-flops :) 
wishing my toes were still in the sand ... 
