is wondering if this is all worth her time , or should she move the hell on to something better ! o.O 

Is thinking that some people can be such a pain in the ass . And is it even worth the time to deal with their sorry asses ? 
Fucking hates men . they are assholes . 
is putting in an applicantion with JCFD . I wanna be a fire fighter . Wish me luck . 
is excited about the < PROPMALE > county fair and branson this weekend . Candlebox and Skidrow here i come . lol . 
just wishes that facebook didnt have such a thing as a status because then she wouldnt have to worry about people sticking their noses in her business . 
LOL . Branson here i come . HAHAHA !!!! going to the < PROPFEMALE > stampede . Yay !!! 
can't sleep cuz she has way toooo much shit on her mind right now !!! 
Im off the chain , like outta the loop . -- < PROPFIRST > 
is tryin to figure out if she wants two or just one this time .... cuz 13 was a lil much to deal with and the two are gonna be around at the same time alot .... what to do , what to do ???? 
is thinking that 4-wheeler wrecks really hurt .... 
Cant wait for this weekend ... i get to meet his parents ... Exciting .... 
is thinking that people should not call at 630 in the morning asking for keys ... 
You know your in love when you cant fall asleep because reality is better than you dreams . -- Dr. Suess 
You know your in love when you cant fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams . -- Dr. Seuss 
Enjoyed her weekend with < PROPMALE > and the family ... 
is all bummed . new years < PROPFEMALE > and no one to spend it with . stupid military . 
wants to watch fighter . sounds like a good movie . 
Is upset that the dog chewed her power cord to her laptop .... Dumb dog .... now i gotta go on the website for the company and get new one which is gonna cost an arm and a leg ... 
is disappointed ... 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . Had a great day so far , my < PROPFEMALE > brought me lunch and then made my favorite dessert . yay !!! 
Yo u Tube http://1285814775/671/ 
If anyone got a message from me , my sister , brother or fiancee with YOUTUBE in the subject line . DO NOT OPEN IT . It is a worm . 
stupid youtube virus . it just wont leave me alone . 
okay . this is really getting annoying . all hackers are f ing stupid . if you get a wierd message on your profile or anything from me dont open it . it is probably a virus .... gotta get a new computer cuz of the damn thing . 
grrrrr .... life sucks . 
is getting excited . less than three months for baby and wedding !!!! 
is thinking that car doors + wind = concussion . hehe gotta love the blondes . ;-D 
feel like crap ... stupid allergies . even the rain isnt helping . 
COPY & PASTE : New problem found .... HACKER in door in our friends list !.... We are now listed as friends of ourselves ! You need to delete yourself from your friends list to close the door to hackers . To do this ....... go to edit friends , there search for your name on the list and click the X to get your name removed .. 
is ready for this parasite to be here . lol . gonna love this kid to death . 
needs a home for a dog . Mix breed , real sweet , about a year old . colored like a < PROPMALE > shepherd but the size of a terrier or chihuahua . 
Is ecstatic ... Dialated to a centimeter already and still have 4 1/2 weeks left before the due date . 
is getting ready to take baby < PROPMALE > home ... yay ... 
cant sleep now ... 
is feeding < PROPMALE > right now ... but seriously needs some sleep ... lol .., gotta love the late nights now ... 
wedding in two days and still so much to do ... ugh ... but so excited . 
Just found her new favorite song .... Tennesse Line - DAUGHTRY 
is wishing that her hubby was home already ... not getting to experience much of a married life right now and it kinda sucks .... 
is glad that all that is expected of me is to be the perfect little house with no friends and no life ... perfectly controllable .... 
is wondering why she feels like someone else is more important than her right now .... and why i feel like im being lied too .... 
just bought another horse ... yay .... got a 4 yr old mustang . he is absolutely gorgeous .... spent a pretty < PROPFEMALE > on him but he was worth it ... 
haha ... guess the new horse has some hops on him ... lol ... in the yard and all the gates are closed ... 
is already tired from all the running ... took over an hour to get through Nashville , with a screaming baby in the car ... NOT FUN ! But had a good first night in TN .... 
never thought that a uti could hurt so damn bad .... ouch .... i have a high pain tolerance but damn this feels worse than having < PROPMALE > .... 
is upset with the internet .... since it is choosing not to work correctly right now ... 
is missing my man ... 
is missing her hubby ... :( 
is writing < PROPMALE > his first letter . Which he doesnt get to read until he leaves . I know , im so mean ... but i am also a hopeless romantic . and i think that it is just , idk ... ; - ) 
wonders why life always throws you a curved when you expect it the least ... 
Politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed Soldier once in 1 year . A\ 
politician flies 1st class ; a Soldier flies in a C130 . A politician's \ 
pension is not reduced ; a Soldier's is clawed 65% . A politician enjoys \ 
an expense account ; a Soldier must justify extra rations . A politician \ 
vows to defend their country ... a Soldier ...... actually keeps that \ 
promise . REPOST IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS !!! 
LOVE MY SISTER WEEK ... If you have a Sister who has made you laugh ... Pulled your hair ... Stuck up for you ... Drove you crazy ... Hugged you ... Watched you succeed ... Saw you fall ... Picked you back up ... Cheered you on ... Made you strong ... and u CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT ... ? then ...... Copy and ... paste this into your status\ 
LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Swirling shades of blue\ 
\ 
Slow dancing in your eyes\ 
The sun kisses the earth\ 
And I hush my urge to cry\ 
I wanna be there for you\ 
someone you can come to\ 
runs deeper than my bones\ 
-- There for you By Flyleaf\ 
Awesome song 
Dear personal narrative , \ 
I hate you stinking guts . You should be torn to shreds and burned . \ 
Love , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of ....... 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . Challenge you to post this on your wall 
is sitting on the computer trying to get her homework done , cant stop thinking bout her husband that is several thousand mile away , and praying with all her heart that she made it into the nursing program at < PROPMALE > career center . God life can be so stressful . LOL 
is thinking that she might just write the next letter to her husband in a foreign language just for the hell of it . And just to see if he does the same thing back .... 
Is finishing up a tattoo design for someone . HOPE they like it ?!?! 
is talking to her man right now . YAY !!! 
just finished her stupid analysis paper . Now she gets to do another one on a poem . Yay ! NOT . >_< 
cant wait till elis appt tomorrow . 
I\ 
Loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you\ 
were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were \ 
only a minute old but I knew I would die for you , and to this day I \ 
still would . When you choose to have a child you make a conscious \ 
decision to . allow your heart to walk . around . outside of \ 
your body . Put on your status if you have children you love more than \ 
life 
is watching private practice online , thinking about her husband , downloading music , and planning her next tattoo . 
is missing her husband .... 
is excited because even though she didnt make the top 26 that got accepted into the nursing program , she is the first alternate . So everyone pray that someone either drops , doesnt accept their slot , or gets the boot . ;-D 
is missing < PROPMALE > more and more every day .... 
Is already listening to christmas music ... But at least it is celtic versions of everything . 
is thinking about how much she wished < PROPMALE > was going to IL with her . 
misses her husbands company right now . 
is super excited because < PROPMALE > got his package today .... 
is tired but cant sleep .... too much on my mind ... and the child is still awake anyways .... so tired of being asked for advice then shut down ... so to all ya who use me for advice ... don't ask anymore ... the advice machine has been decommissioned thank you ...! 
thinks its time to find some place new . missing my husband , wish that I was with him . desert wouldn't be so bad . I could handle anything as long as I'm with him . lol . Love you baby . 
is addicted to lemon-berry creamslushes . 
hates being sick ..... 
is super excited because the nursing program that she applied for and got first alternate , now has a seat reserved for her . YAY !!!! School starts january 9th . if I make it through everything , I will be and LPN by the end of next year . Pray for me ! 
Okay , so got an invite to an event on the 25th . the birth of jesus . yeah ill be there . but last i checked jesus didnt come to divide people . he came to unite them . he came to show us compassion . NOT DIVIDE US INTO SIDES . But yeah your either on the side of good or the side of evil . if thats what you believe he came . then all i got to say is that your views are seriously twisted . 
is dreading the drive tomorrow . but looking forward to the next two weeks . 
nice to know that there are still some good people in this world . random guy walked up and offered to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for me so that I could < PROPFEMALE > a tray of food . 
buried treasures ..... LOL ..... ( make sure that they leave the treasure map so that you can share in their bounty . ) LOL .... 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ! 
has decided that she is tired of bullshit . people need to grow . stick to shit when you do you do it don't change your fucking mind at the last fucking minute . 
Can't sleep . and have a long freaking drive in the morning . 
almost home . gees , babies make trips take forever . lol . but I love it . 
forgot how much slap < PROPFIRST > hurts . lol . 
left her favorite cookbook and some key ingredients in TN . Now her hubby is all de/pressed cuz she cant send him the pumpkin cookies without those ingredients . sucky 
just got woken by the damn storm . 
is getting excited . school starts soon . 
is laying in bed and thinking that once she finishes school , she wants to go somewhere new with her husband and < PROPMALE > . and do something different . 
is sitting at jays game . 
is winding down . 
is packing and the headed to IL for the weekend . 
is getting ready to watch a movie with rene'e and < PROPMALE > . 
is watching < PROPFIRST>'s team get slaughtered . its sad . 
just finished a letter to < PROPMALE > . now to wind down with a book and then hopefully a dream or two of < PROPMALE > , with some blissful sleep . goodnight facebook . 
is missing her husband terribly . 
still missing < PROPMALE > . 
feels like a little kid on their first day of school . excited but nervous as hell . this is going to be one crazy year . even have an amish woman in my class 
at el < PROPFIRST>'s with the sis . 
NO SCHOOL TOMORROW ! WOOT , WOOT ! I feel like I'm back in high school ! 
is missing her husband . especially during these cold months . he's my personal heater . lol . 
there is nothing better than sitting and feeding your child and then giving them a bath and watching them play in the water . 
is not looking forward to the drive to < PROPMALE > . taking my little man to < PROPMALE > to see the doc . 
Hates people that think they know what is right and wrong and think that this stupid war is the military's fault . Um , no , its the damn governments fault . Don't blame my father , my grandfather , my brother , my husband for this war . Blame your president , blame your senator that didnt stop it . Blame the terrorist that started it . 
did her good deed for the day . 
Just posted new photos of the little man for his daddy .... 
has officially started he weekend . 
Thinks that her husband is a very sexy man and that she really wishes that he was at home right now . I am tired of going to bed alone . 
beer 
will only be excited about this snow if it hits tonight . 
just watched one of those movies that everyone tells you not to watch while your soldier is gone . The Lost < PROPFIRST > - Hallmark . they make the best movies . cried through the whole movie . 
got her car out of the huge snow drifts for her gma just to have gma ride to work with someone else . freaking awesome all that work for nuthin . lol . sure was fun though . specially when the is up to your running boards . 
\I'm going to find the stairway that goes downward and I'm gonna start walkin . \ " Lol ....... " 
all that it takes for evil to flourish I for men to do nothing ..... 
all that it takes for evil to flourish is for good men to do nothing .... 
reallllyyyy hates nosy people especially when their nosiness is making me cold .... 
another for inches of damn snow last night and it is still coming down . 
superbowl sunday !!!!! 
was highly dissappointed when furgy ruined sweet child o ' mine . 
is done with the homework that is due tomorrow .... now bed time , and work ahead tomorrow .... I think so ..... 
is currently watching ste jv get their butts kicked . 19-23 .... sucky ..... 
is currently baking devil's food cupcakes with werther's caramel centers for her class tomorrow . it just isn't < PROPFIRST>'s day without a little treat . 
misses her hubby . stupid military . 
is spending this < PROPFIRST>'s day by herself .... 
got the best < PROPFIRST>'s day preset ever , < PROPMALE > !!!!! 
hates homework . 
