didn't exacly have a happy new year . 

tries to make amends ... 
needs to get out of this city ... need to travel the world . but for free 
is on the hunt for a new job ... 
is burnt ... 
is moving the drums today ! 
is going to the beach tonight ! 
is looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking and looking ... 
needs a job .... preferably in the sun or in front of a comuter 
cant they just say they wont hire instead of just saying we'll call and then never call ... this isnt highschool . 
remembers California Ave . Memories of model plaines , cinnimon mini buns , Bob-Oscar , < PROPFEMALE > Wood trips , and < PROPMALE > City stops . Playin at the big park and swimmin at the pool . 
will be training for collections once again . Note to self ... 8am- 5pm . 
needs to make $400.00 a week . It can be done . 
is pretty good with a bow staff . 
is on a boat and its going fast and has a nautical themed pashima afhgan . is the < PROPMALE > of the world , on a boat like < PROPFIRST > , if your on the shore then your sure not me , oh ... 
needs a fake name ... any ideas ? 
is actually enjoying life again . 
almost died ... again . 
will hopefully be back on the road tuesday . 
wishes his phone would turn on ... oh and is on an adventure to repair his own brakes . hah . theres a lesson in faith . 
After he , breaks your heart Then you'll be sad And your teardrops start Then you'll know how It hurts to be alone Just because you think that you're so smart Going around breaking lover's hearts Now you're defeated By your own weapon After he , breaks your heart Then you'll be sad And your teardrops start Then you'll know now It hurts to be alone 
... alls i need is two floor jacks . 
wow . never get to see a girl drummer . who you playing ? 
\You fire muskette but I'll run you through ! \"" 
is enjoying a good ol tuna sangwich . 
took the \Which storm are you ? \ " quiz ... im hail and fire storm " 
Oh man it's gonna be a good day . 
you are : incomprehensible , inconceivable , incredible , unbelievable , unimaginable , unthinkable ; extraordinary , phenomenal , rare , sensational , spectacular ; singular , uncommon , unique , unusual , unwonted ; conspicuous , notable , noticeable , outstanding , remarkable ; impressive , striking ; animating , energizing , enlightening , enlivening , exciting , galvanizing , invigorating , stimulating ; alluring , attracting , attractive , begu 
actually went canoeing today . peaceful . 
is going back to work ! 
is frustrated and dosen/t understand why people don't listen . 
is ready for the morning breakfast club ... 
wouldn't mind the whole \no currency thing\ " ... solve alot of my problems " 
just watched < PROPFEMALE > wars IV on VHS ... awsome memories . 
needs to win the powerball ... 
wishes citi bank would call back already ... 
needs the technology for memory wipes to be invented ... today . 
wishes he caught the name of that beauty at sahara's tonight . 
just lost his phone ... and citibank is calling today ! dah ! 
is ready for the weekend ! 
GO VOLS !!!!! 
tenn 7 ga 0 
tenn 7 ga 7 
tenn 14 ga 7 
tenn 14 ga 10 
tenn 21 ga 10 
tenn 21 ga 12 
tenn 24 ga 19 
tenn 31 ga 19 
tenn 38 ga 19 
tenn 45 ga 19 
needs to ride the bike ... 
thinks the Vitamin String Quartet is so awsome . 
is ready to start the week . woohoo ! 
... another day ... another dollar .... or $ . 50 
has discovered hulu ... 
has two new favorite shows : sons of anarchy and ghost lab 
is out to muddy hills ! 
is off to work ... another day of debt mediation . 
just saw paranormal activity and saw 6 . paranormal activity is awsome 
note to self : when about to begin a serious relationship with someone , be sure to inquire about any lifelong demons that just might be following this chic around . its a deal breaker . 
saw paranlromal activity again .... why ?.... i dont know . 
is checking out new stuff at apple 
can't watch \Click\ " anymore ... " 
is more nastalgic than he wishes . 
is scrooged . 
should have thought of that . 
is just not feelin ' it ... 
will be enjoying the Band of Brothers marathon tonight with his movie buddy ... oh crap ... forgot your Fancy Feast ... uh ... do you like turkey ? 
wonders how hard it is to make deviled eggs ... 
... Ok so if anyone sees a small mushroom cloud from the southside area ... it's me . my first attempt at deviled eggs ... 
is gonna stick to rivers and the lakes that he's used to ... Domino's , extra sauce . Jalipenos . 
on the hunt again ... construction this time . 
has decided to be ambitious . 
needs a bigger barn . 
is so excited about the coming release of Coheed and Cambria's new album , \Year of the Black Rainbow \"" 
has a phone interview with Citi tomorrow ! 
has moved on to his 1st face to face with Citi . As well as possibly a traveling salesman ... 
has a new favorite show . Howe & Howe Tech . 
is watching Ren & Stimpy for the first time in 12 years . Wow . 
just made a dork of himself ... 
can't sleep . 
thinks tooth pain is the worst pain ... ever ! 
is up all night ... again ... 
hates the \rollercoaster effect . \"" 
hasen't commented on anyone's photo today ! 
is watching Bear Grylls on Conan . 
was entertained by the prez ... 
needs to go a week in the bush ... this city is annoying . 
is attacking the kitchen ... with paint and a brush . 
is headed to Boston's ... 
has become an expert at screwing up . 
has an interview with Dial < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow at 1:00 ... fingers crossed . 
just sawr \Slumdog Millionaire\ " and thought it was a great picture ... awsome editing . " 
never got to finish \Secret Window\ " ... but I don't mind . < PROPFEMALE > one bit . " 
Is officially a fan of the Avett Bros . 
is eating deviled eggs and watching \The Davinci Code \"." 
wished the colts won ... but had a great time regardless ... gonna have to remember more ice in the smoothie though ... 
is window shopping ... the nikon d5000 is awesome ... as well as this imac ;) 
thinks \Ocean's Eleven\ " is pretty much one of the best bank heist movies of all time . " 
is officially done with probation ! 
isn't sure he likes the idea of having a living , breathing alarm clock that wakes one up by clawing and licking 
is callin it a night . 
is having family dinner at Lanop ! Yeeee Haaaw !... er , I mean , uh ... Ole'! 
will be without a phone until 2/24 ... apparently the government is quick to take but slow to give . 
is going to look at all the cool guitars at Guitar Centre ... 
the silence is so loud i can't sleep ... 
thanks to everyone for the bday wishes .... 
worked the p.m shift . ugh . 
is playing avp on xbox live ! 
just spent saturday night and all day sunday at the < PROPFIRST > Rutherford Hotel . Not what was planned 
hates union meetings ... why do they gots to be in the middle of the week ? 
cant believe they got coheed and cambria on xbox live !! the broken video is so awesome 
is watching \The Pacific\ " . This is as good as \ " Band of Brothers \"" 
needs a abetter job 
just got a new job ... 
is picking up cohee'd new album them headed to the beach ... 
... we were stupid we got caught ! Nothing matters anymore . So what , Here we are juggernaut ! 
is officially going to Texas . The money will be good and the time away from this city will be refreshing . Has to be done . 
um ... scratch the texas trip . turns out it was a farse . super annoying 
feels anti-social for some reason ... 
' s phone is M.I.A. this is not good ... not one bit . 
will be at pirate's cove this weekend for memo day ! be safe ery one ! 
is wide awake ! 
is now employed at Industrial < PROPFEMALE > Paint and Fabrication . Its about time the right one came along . now i can buy things ... like gasoline . 
hates the timing !! 
cant sleep ... 
forgot how fun sandblasting is ... almost as fun as spray painting ... 
ok so i found my phone ... was under the bed the whole time ... wowzers 
cant wait till friday ! 
okokokokokok ... ok so my phone has vanished once again ... why now ? 
once again believes a trip to the beach is in order ... 
sandblasting all day for the next few days ....... sweeeeeeeeeeet 
is in cresent city having a blast ! 
has finally got a new phone ... 904/405-7497 
so lets hope this week goes by as fast as last week ... 
looks like pizza and a movie . then ... to the beach ! 
is taking some time off ... 
pizza+full metal jacket+GTA4 = a good saturday morning . 
wonders why women ( ok maybe just A woman ... ) have to lie about the small things just so they can get some money ? Seriously ! How hard is it just to be honest ? 
wishes he could fast forward the next 8 days . 
Well I ain't first class , but I ain't white trash . Wild and a little crazy , too ... 
online at 12:13 am . 
wishes he could stay here in tennessee and press the reset button . 
has to go back to j-ville tomorrow :( at least i get to break the speed limit w the mustang . 
just saw predators and it was awesome . 
... so that rodeo cheeseburger was worth it ! 
\sometimes i need to take a pill to make this town feel ok . \ " \ 
... \yes thats a smile . no im not sayin why . \"" 
is glad he's not a registered voter . 
CANT SLEEP ! 
starts training tomorrow 
Hysulex and Ion X 2000 makes good water . 
is watching \The Pacific\ " marathon . Thanx to all the vets ! " 
is taking a break from this paper with Halo : Reach and \Granma\ " s Boy \"." 
how the heck does my cat know im troubled ? 
sees the right choice . and it was totally unexpected . 
\It's terrible ! She has beautiful eyes and her hair smells like cinnamon ! \"" 
Some people should have been swallowed at birth . 
had 2 thanxgivings . 
\It's gonna be nice working with proper villians again . \"" 
One day I want to copy soneones status word for word and see if they notice . 
\Unless we plan to do this in Reno ; we're in barney . \"" 
just saw on the news that the Bellagio got taken for $1.5 million in chips . Awesome 
... \I wanna do bad things with you . \"" 
So would wordsmithing count as a job qualification ? 
Interesting fact of the month : Crows have the inteligence of a 17 yo human . 
is going back to Hudson ... again . 
It all comes down to the money . Can't put God in a box . 
So everything is right in the world dispite a couple of areas in which i have no control over . For the first time in two years im able to sleep peacefully without the aid of substance . I have seen sign after sign that confirms my current residency . Someone wrote at the head of my bed this passage in the summer of ' 10 : \For I know the plans i have for you ... Jeremiah 29:11 \"" 
In the fight between grace and pride ; I don't wanna win this time . 
Wont be seeing the jakes any time soon . Praise God ! 
needs to remember to think before he acts . 
is thankful . 
Is DONE WITH FARMVILLE !!!!!!! 
IS NO LONGER PLAYING FARMVILLE .... EVER 
But one thing I do : Forgetting what is behind and straining toward what is ahead\ Phil . 3:13 " 
is going into diabetic shock from these home-made brownies .... 
Thankyou to everyone who wished me a happy bday ! You're all aces in my book . 
Just a reminder : I DON'T PLAY ANY GAMES ON FACEBOOK ENDING WITH \VILLE\ " . Sorry for the inconvenience " 
PLEAS STOP SENDING ME FARM- FRONTIER-CITYVILLE INVITES !!! I DON\T PLAY THOSE GAMES !!!!! " 
