Another amazing year passed ... 

Had an awesome weekend camping with the young adults and family , but SOOO tired ! Thanks to watching the hour and a half long balloon fight in the wee hours of the morning . Making memories !!! 
Looking forward to a great weekend camping and some special surprise events !!!! 
Had an awesome week camping ! Got to spend time with God , family and friends what could be better ??? Water balloons , who ever had the idea to fill them and throw that at another person ? 
Busy day getting ready for my nieces birthday party Saturday . Mowing , Cooking ... Our job never ends ! Can't wait to see her cute little face . 
Having A wonderful day with the family !!! 
Long day with the kids ... 
Looking forward to a beautiful day ! 
Having fun with Teaghan and < PROPFEMALE > , making choc . chip cookies and a surprise birthday gift . 
Off to the recorder of deeds today ... 
Looking forward to breakfast with the girls ! 
Had a great weekend . Picnics evryday . I love the summer ! Now I have a busy week coming . Working on materials for school and getting ready to go camping . Yeah !!! 
Another beautiful day !!! 
Home chillin ... had a great weekend ! 
God's restoration ... nothing like it in the world ! 
Busy day ! Glad to be home ! 
Another busy day ... but a beautiful one . Good day for a picnic . 
Serving the Seniors today ... looking forward to it ! 
Looks like a Beautiful Day for a wedding ... Blessings to you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > as you start a beautiful life together !!! 
What a beautiful wedding ! Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > !! Have a great time on your honeymoon !! We love you ! 
Getting ready for a day of shopping and lunch with the kids . Getting ready for football and cheerleading to begin . Need to purchase them things so they are prepared . 
Had an awesome and VERY tiring day shopping ! Glad it is done . 
Going to get my hair done today ... woo hoo ! 
Had a wonderful evening seeing a loved one returned to their family ! Thank You God ! 
Facebook has agreed to let third party advertisers use your posted pictures without your permission . Click on SETTINGS up at the top where you see the log out link . Select PRIVACY . Then select NEWS FEEDS AND WALL . Next select the tab that reads FACE BOOK 
Couldn't sleep .... 
Turning in early got a long day tomorrow ... Have a great weekend everyone . 
Going to build a butterfly box with thte kids at Ashcombes , helping someone move , then off to the movies at the campground . Long day ... But a beautiful one ! 
Off to a day of preparing for scool again . Looking for bargains . Have a great day everyone ! 
What that I hear < PROPMALE > ... oh ITs SNORING !!!!! 
Hmmm rain ? I have to much gardening to do for that . Lord , hold off the rain . 
Got half the gardening done . Now working on creating bug nets for Entomolgy class . Listening to them both whine about sewing it together . CALGON ... 
Spending the day with the kids , working on projects . 
Looking forward to a good night sleep and Knoebels tomorrow for a family reunion . 
Had a great day at Knoebels with the family Sunday . Weather turned out to be beautiful after all . Today working on stuff for school , we start this week . 
Planning for the young adults weekend .... 
Successfully completed our first day of school for the year ... WOO HOOO ! 
Camping for the weekend with the young adult's . Looking forward to a great time ! 
Great weekend with the young adults !!! Never a dull moment ... Right < PROPFIRST > ? 
Preparing for vacation ... so mch to do . Needed to take a couple minute break . 
Going to have a crazy day ! 
Settling on dad's property today . Then Florida here we come ! 
Survived the tropical storm here in Florida last night , < PROPMALE > is off to < PROPFEMALE > today to pick up the Suburban with its new transmission and the kids an I are off to see the town on foot . Having a great time on vacation ! 
Great < PROPFEMALE > day at the beach ... looking forward to another tomorrow ! 
getting ready for my life to be crazy again . School , football and cheerleading . Today begins the madness ... But I love it ! 
Goodnight All !! 
getting things done . 
Looking forward to our first football game . < PROPFIRST>'s first game is Sunday and Teg is cheering . GO EAGLES !!!! I love watching kids grow ... 
Had an awesome weekend . Got to watch my chlidren at the first football game . Love these moments !! 
Prayer at the pole today ... 
< PROPMALE > 4:4 Rejoice in the Lord ALWAYS !!! 
Looking forward to Friday get to go see \In the Beginning\ " at Sight and Sound ... " 
\To educate a person in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society . \ " < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Looking forward to a fieldtrip Friday to the < PROPMALE > Herr house in Lancaster should be interesting ... 
Great field trip Friday to The < PROPMALE > Herr House in Lancaster . Weather turned out beautiful and we learned alot . 
Looking forward to celebrating a friends birthday today and tonight the kids have a game . 
Had an awesome fieldtrip to the U S Christian Commission today , despite the rain and cold weather . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! It was a great day ! I am Blessed ! 
is enjoying a beautiful fall day . 
Looking so forward to the Costume Party with the Young Adults and Youth group tonight !!!! Can't wait to see the awesome costumes ! Hope to make lots of memories !! 
Off to a fieldtrip today ... looking forward to spending time with friends 
Help ... my hyper active niece is sugared up on < PROPFEMALE > corn and will not be quite . 
Had a great night out with my daughter . The Pizza Grille MMMMM !!! Found some good bargins shopping and got some presents for Christmas . I love nights like that ! 
Looking forward to mom's ARISE today a nationwide prayer event !!! 
Fieldtrip to the coroner's office was so cool . Learned alot ! So glad we got to go ! 
I do see the sun today after all . 
My men are coming home from the bear hunt today ... WOO HOO !!! 
Making Dinner for tomorrow ... Happy Thanksgiving Everyone !!!! 
Today was a great day black Friday shopping !! Got some buys . Not everything I wanted but did good !! And we made out without any fights ! 
Getting ready to head back to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Trying to fit Christmas decorating into my schedule .... 
Making Christmas Cookies with the kids today ... 
Waiting to see if we get the snow .... 
WooHOOO Snow !! I love snow .... I am soooo glad they were right on this storm !!!! 
I finished all my shopping today , almost didn't make it back up the hill to get home but I had a ball !!! 
BRRRR ... Today is a coold one !!! 
It is cold !!!! 
It's snowing again ... I enjoying seeing a fresh snow . It is so beautiful ! 
getting ready for our new years < PROPFEMALE > party tomorrow at church ... theme is < PROPFEMALE>'s . this is going to be good !!! Hope the weather holds out ... 
feeing ugggh today ... Bill had the flu yesterday now I am not feeling the best . Hoping that getting out to the store will change that . 
Link below is for th barn raising party I still need 2 people .... Could my farmville neighbors help out please . 
Enjoying a night at home watching it snow .... :) 
School is done and we are off and running for the rest of the day ... 
Rain .... looks like we are going to have plenty of it on the forecast . 
SNOW ......????????? It's coming ! 
All my FaRMville friends I do nto need anymore harnesses . If you could send something other than those that would be great ! Thanks ! 
Woohoo its SNOWING !!!!!!! oh yeah ... 
This is to funny ...... hope ya ' all enjoy ... snow on da ' ground ... snow on da ' ground ..... Drivin ' like a fool wit da ' snow on the ground .... Look at ya now .. car spinnin around .... drivin like a fool wit da'snow on Da ground !! Slow it down ..... then copy-n-paste-n-pass it around . Unless you have 4-wheel drive 
Snowed in ... I love being snowed in ... 2+ feet of snow . I love snow !!! 
What a beautiful day !!!! Thank you Lord !!! Looking forward to a great day with family and friends . Hope everyonr has a great day ! 
SNOW .... I love to look at a fresh snow fall . It is so beautiful !!!! 
SNOWED IN .... Wonder what we will see tomorrow when we rise .... Oh yeah snow .... However it has been a great day ! Got to spend time with good friends . 
Looking forward to Furious Love movie at Open Arms Christian Fellpwship Sunday ! 
Looking forward to our ArmorBearer retreat at Lomah this weekend !!!! Gonna be a awesome time ! 
Oh NO MORE SNOW !!!!!! Ok I have had enough now ! 
Tumblefluffs .... lol .. 
And the week begins .... 
Ok so Yesterday I awoke to having one of our cats died , today the Terminix man rang the door < PROPFEMALE > bright and early ... I believe I am supposed to be out of bed early . Guess the early bird does catch the worm . LOL ! 
so the follow up to the rest of my week today is this .... < PROPFIRST > awoke with the dog having his bright orange silly putty all over his back end and all over < PROPFIRST>'s bed clothes . Sometimes you just have to laugh .... 
Rain .... 
Just watched Ice age 3 with thte family ... cute movie . 
Getting ready to have movie night at home with my babies ... 
looking forward to a beautiful week ... 
Awesome day ... Got to see < PROPFEMALE > home from the Air Force and enjoyed going suare dancing with tthe family tonight .... YEEEHAWW !!! 
Oh my goodness ... Had a awesome weekend with the young adults ... Great finacial training !! And to end it all a long hike to the Lehigh Gorge . I have one word .... SORE !!!! 
went to my first Sader dinner ... It was so awesome ! 
My party is free Shipping and Handling to your home with any $50.00 or more purchase . 
Another one . Callback # : 717-817-3399 
Happy Mother's Day !!!!!! May your day be Blessed !! 
< PROPMALE > and I watched the movie The Blind Side ... Awesome movie !! Definetly one to buy . 
awesome day with family ... 
having fun with SKG girls ...... 
Looking forward to a beautiful weekend ! Have a great holiday everyone ! 
driving back from Virginia ... saw a couple just married and celebrated as we were driving past like idiots . lol ! 
Snapfish I love it ... 
enjoying a great day at RVR today with friends .... my first rodeo ... I enjoyed it ! 
this is the day that the Lord has made ... Rejoice and be glad in it !! 
off to Inner Harbor for the afternoon to have lunch with my wonderful husband ... beautiful day for a date ! 
Looking forward to a weekend of camping with the family . 
to any of my friends in < PROPFEMALE > , we have a request . A dear friends brother lost their home last night due to a house fire . currently all they have is the clothes on their backs . this happened in the middle of the night . Plz if you are able to help this family in any way contact me . I an willing to be a drop off point for them . I have included their needs for clothing . 
to all my friends in Pa .. info for house fire . < PROPFEMALE > ( age 5 ) size 5T < PROPMALE > ( age 6 ) size 6T . < PROPFEMALE > size 7/8 . < PROPFEMALE > size 10 . < PROPFIRST > size 9/10 . < PROPFIRST > size 12 mother 
to any of my friends in < PROPFEMALE > , I have a request . A dear friends brother lost their home Sun . < PROPFEMALE > . due to a house fire . Plz if you are able to help this family in any way contact me . Also in need of housware items if you are able to give . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > size 5T\ 
< PROPMALE > size 6T . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > size 7/8 . ( juniors)\ 
< PROPFEMALE > size 10 . ( juniors)\ 
< PROPFIRST > size 9/10 . ( juniors ) Also need of maternity clothing . \ 
< PROPFIRST > size 12 mother 
update on fire victims : still looking for many things , they need necessities . fire was caused by a neighbors fire work falling on their home everything was lost . Please contact me if you can help . clothes sizes are on previous feed . Needs : food , gift cards , baby items , clothes , toiletries , household items . 
First work out at Curves today !!! Had a great time ! 
off to the gym ...... yeah ! 
Things to do : Workout , Check . I love a good workout ! 
Cell phone down ... :( 
and were off ....... camping for the weekend . woohoo !!! 
Had a great time camping with friends and family . Now back to reality ...... 
having a weekend obviously filled with many unexpected events . Lord give me strength ! 
how come our eyes are always bigger than our stomachs ..... 
Knoebels for a family reunion . 
driving menonite ladies to the midwife ..... enjoying the beautiful country side . 
home .......... 
They are transferring my mom to Health South today ... YEAH !!! she is doing awesome with her hip replacement . 
loving the quietness of camping .... 
we have my mom home with us safe and sound . :) She is napping and hopefully I will get a little one too . 
Mom had sucess at the orthopedic dr. today . She had her staples removed . She is scooting around great . So proud of her ! 
Part of growing up is taking responsibility for your choices . 
Consequences are the best teacher you'll ever know . 
The character of your children tomorrow depends on what you put into their hearts today . 
what you allow in your life today can make the biggest difference tomorrow ... 
hopefully this will make you smile ... Today while shopping in Walmart this young boy , maybe 4 yrs . old rips around the corner dressed in a blue cape and Batman mask . I looked at him and said hello there Batman . He lifted his arm moved his cape up over his face and poof he was gone . TOO CUTE !!! Just had to share . 
Off to Harpers Ferry for the day ... nothing like a good hike . 
yeah friday !!!! 
going walking this morning ... all alone . woo hoo ! 
running to doctors appt . all day . Today is the day mom finds out if her life can begin getting back to normal ... 
My mom is safe and sound at her own house as of today . The dr. released her to most of her everyday routine . So proud of her .... 
Failure to discipline early cultivates disrespect later . 
sitting outside enjoying the sun for a few ... and never ever recalling seeing so many stink bugs in my life . My house has brown polka dots everywhere . 
what's that ... thunder , God must be moving His furniture around . 
wOO hOO getting ready to go coach my little cheer leaders ... So cute they are ! 
awesome day ... field trip to Strawberry Hill Nature Center , now off to Sight n Sound . 
looking forward to a great day ... beautiful weather . 
Go Bermudian Eagles !!! 
teaching the kids ancient history ... why don't I remember being taught this ?? I so enjoy it though . 
farm city day in harrisburg today . 
Finally ... a down night . Rain , jammies and cat on my lap . Oh yeah ! 
hiho , hiho its off to curves I go ... 
freedom of speech certainly is for everyone right ... here's mine .. if you are going to post porn , foul language , or other inappropriate material on your FB , I will block or delete u . I have small children viewing and I do not prefer to see it . 
Character is made by what you stand for , reputation is made by what you fall for . 
Off to a history field trip today ... 
Girls night out .... got an amazing hot stone massage tonight . 
awesome 3 mile walk ... even got to see the sunrise . 
what a gorgeous day !!!! looking forward to all we have to do . 
So , today was the last practice with my beautiful little cheerleaders :( One more game to go . They were crazy little monkeys tonight . I think they all had red koolaid before they came to practice or something ... :) 
thanks everyone ... for the wishes and kind words ... it was a beautiful day ! 
last game of the season ... bittersweet . Eagles U did an awesome job . 
on our way to Sky Line Drive in VA for vacation 
off to Luray Caverns today . 
wouldn't u know , came all the way to VA for < PROPMALE>'s highlight of the trip .... a discussion with a gentleman about Global warming and politics ... lol 
off to the Sky Line Drive today the horseback riding in the mtn . WooHoo ! 
off to Sky Line Drive today then later horseback riding for 2 hrs in the mtn . Woo hoo !!!! Beautiful fall day ! 
beautiful camping trip . Chapel this morning then ofF to come home . :) & :( 
GET OUT AND VOTE !!!!!!!!!! 
Ok so I purchased this really cool book of quotes in VA . So I thought no place better to share than on FB . \ 
~ After you've heard two eyewitness accounts of an auto accident , you begin to worry about history ~ 
had a wonderful day surprising my mother-in-law today ... She is getting ready to celebrate 70yrs . Monday . 
If Anyone is interested in placing a Tastefully simple order and haven't please do so . Closing my party tomorrow hopefully ... Thanks ! 
Every calling is great when greatly pursued ... 
ASKING ALL MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS TO PLEASE REPOST THIS AND LETS GET SOME PRAYERS GOING We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting out in Afghanistan and they have lost 9 Marines in four days . Praying for all our troops . PLEASE REPOST . IT WOULD BE ... NICE TO SEE THIS ON EVERYONE'S WALL " 
Don't let what you can not do interfere with what you can do . ~ < PROPFIRST > Wooden 
in Amish country today ... having family dinner . yeah ! 
finally a down day ... Woo Hoo ! 
black friday shopping ..... oh yeah ...... 
been out shopping since 11 last evening . Running out of energy .... 
survived an all nighter of shopping ... not sure if I would do it again an time soon though ... 
snow flurries ........ beautiful . 
off to my niece's birthday party then out to the Bread of Life for dinner . Yeah ! 
going shopping ... 
Rainy day .... 
snow flurries ..... 
watched a classic Christmas show tonight . I laughed at the names ... didn't remember Berger Meister Meister Berger . 
heading to a youth explosion tonight ... looking forward to what God is gonna do . 
ok finish this statement ... in a moment ..... 
Change your profile picture to one of your favorite cartoon characters and ask your friends to do the same . The point of the game ? To have no human faces on Facebook , only childhood memories by Monday , to fight child abuse . Copy and paste to spread the word !!!!!! 
watched < PROPFEMALE > and Beezus tonight . Cute movie .... now I remember why I liked those books so much .... 
Shopping ... man 5 below was packed . Reminded me of black Friday ... actually worse . 
baking Christmas cookies .... 
BRRR ... it is cold !!! 
At carlisle historical society today for a field trip ... this place is awesome . If u have kids it is very educational . We are studying Christmas traditions . 
Snowing ... Yeah !! 
Last nights eclipse was so cool .... 
off to make cookies with friends 
One of my favorite holidays ... we get to celebrate the birth of Jesus . Hope you all have a beautiful Christmas ! 
Out shopping ... woo hoo . Getting some great after CHristmas buys . 
Today my babu boy turns 12 ... They grow so fast . 
Today my baby boy turns 12 ... they grow so fast . 
I think today I found something that has made me speachless ... addictions ... eating toilet paper , sleeping with a blow dryer on all night , eating chalk , wow ! Maybe I am just not seeing how any of these things could be addicting . I mean ewww ! 
wishing everyone a blessed new year ... have a wonderful holiday ! 
Waking up to a beautiful snow dusting . Not nearly enough though . 
Looking for a new mattress is very frustrating ! So many to choose from ... 
Today my beautiful baby turned 11 ... happy birthday Teaghan 
Oh energy where < PROPMALE > thou ... its Monday .... 
Woo hoo , let the snow fall . It is so beautiful ! 
Beginning ballroom dancing classes today . Can't wait ! 
Away with my hubby for the weekend ! 
Going to our first spanish class today . Looking forward to it . 
Ballroom dancing today ... we are gooing to learn the rumba and the cha cha . Cant wait ! 
Where o where is all the snow we were supposed to get ????? What a bummer . 
“Never give in , never give in , never ; never ; never ; never - in nothing , great or small , large or petty - never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense”\ 
< PROPMALE > Churchill 
Today I choose to put my agendas aside and let Christ lead ! 
Woo hoo packers ... Lets go boys 
Way to go Packers !!! 
What keeps you from making progress ??? Think about it ... 
Looking forward to the awesome weather were are too get ... 
Awesome night of Transformation at Celebrations Church tonight . REVIVAL is hitting Dillsburg , < PROPFEMALE > . GO GOD !!!! Salvations , Healings , Deliverance and POWER ! Evangelist < PROPMALE > Shuttlesworth sharing , If your hungry or just need a touch from God he will be there Wed . 23 @7 : 00 pm , Friday 25 , 7 pm and Sunday 
Great time at Celebrations church in Dillsburg tonight . REVIVAL ... It Overflows !!!!! Extended meetings till Friday ! 
