at home back in west palm beachi want to go out 

i wanna work out .... < PROPMALE > needs to hurry up 
on my way to < PROPFEMALE > ... staying in < PROPFEMALE > tonight 
About to hit the road to va .... roadtrip 
tired as fuck ... drove to Dam Neck , Va by myself :( 
checking in today 
bored and getting to know Dam Neck ... it sucks 
man im tired of ' work ' i wanna go to school already mondays suck 
1 more day of prevent yay 
Thanks Everybody :) 
im bored ... cant wait till tonight 
Sore as hell from \PT\ " ( boxing/muay thai ) yesterday ... got to go back in an hour dont make me :( " 
lesson for today : Dont ask a white man to do a black man's job 
Lesson for today : Don't have retards help with inventory ... Hooya Zero ! :/ \ 
( Fucking Hate Females ) 
tired ass fuck PT with the kids today ( 0800-1030 ) kindergarden-2nd grade 
< PROPFEMALE > sucks there's nothing to do here and im bored 
Beach ! and Movies ? 
just made E-4 so you can call me GM3 Madiedo bitches !! 
how random is random car inspection ( on base ) i swear the watch set me up ... what a waist of time 
first day of school tomorrow cant wait :) 
Don't drink and canoe you can get a DUI < PROPFEMALE > law .... lol 
so apparently you cant fucking curse in public in < PROPFEMALE > aint the some shit ... its a $50 fine for fucking cursing WHAT THE FUCK !... lmfao 
Boredom ... I'm going out 
What a night ... what a night ... i should be a psychologist and not a GM 
I hate tests 
Can someone explain to me what 25mm has to do with VLS ? 
learning to drive stick ... i hate 1st gear lol 
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads 
On duty , good thing I dont have watch . 
PT tomorrow morning :/ ... good thing its kickball and not a run ... this time 
Who knew horseback riding can make your ass sore the next day lol 
got the day off tomorrow my instructor has watch lol ... wish it was thursday instead 
I Hate 3 mi Run in Formation : l 
I might not go to Fl , they're still debating my request chit . : l 
Staying in Jacksonville all weekend 
I did the Insanity workout today with my class ... epic failure lol , now my instructor wants us to workout tomorrow ( Idk why ) and Friday : l 
Clubbing ?!... Hell yea ! 
Im Hungry ! 
So much for self PT my insturctor is going PT crazy now ... she's prego insanity workout AGAIN ... and 3mi run on wed . FML 
On duty today , and I dont know if I have watch this sucks 
Watch in 30 ... : l ( till 2200 ) 
Lesson For today : Dont laugh at Damger in the face ... he will smack your ass lol Literally ! 
Had a test today and did awsome ! 
Command picnic tomorrow the CO is going in the dunk tank :) cant wait 
Bored out of my mind ! 
The pleasure of what we enjoy is lost by wanting more . 
Couldnt accomplish anything today besides medical ... cant wait till the food gets here so I can take my meds and go to sleep 
What did medical give me ? These drugs are messing me up ! 
Bored as hell !!! and cant do anything ... no car :'( for now . 
so much for motor world ... got a test instead 
I hate people who change their number 12 times a year and get mad at you cause you dont ( as they call it ) halla at them back ... you know what .... GO F@#$ YOURSELF !!!! 
Just got off a 6 hour watch with an ET FML !!!!! 
I'm really craving something salty .... I dont know why lol 
So I definitely hit the door on my way out lol that was embarrassing 
I hate people who follow you in a store , and try to talk to you at the cash register all casual . I'm just saying dont talk to me when im shopping/ dont follow me either ! 
You can never be certain of success , but you can be certain of failure if you never try . 
So I printed the pictures and the class pics came out blurry ... I think we're going to have to do them again lol ..... but seriously 
Your lack of organization does not constitute as my emergency .... so how about you light a charge up someone elses ass 
First day of school again : l ... 
I have a dream .... time to go to bed 
Firday & Monday off i think i might go to D.C. 
One more week and I'm out ... 
Last weekend here , what to do , what to do 
WTF FML ... I give up 
was at the range all day , the happiest I been in a very long time , what a stress reliever 
So I guess I do get sea sick 
525 Damn what to say ... all I can say is thinking about you brings a smile to my face , thinking about the time we spent together I had a lot of fun , too bad it was short lived , I hope we can cross paths again , I really miss it 
\Have a coke and a smile ... \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > I'm home !! lol 
Man , I'm crankin :/ 
Wow epic fail 
\Don't piss on me and call it rain\ " ... some Bullshit * t " 
First time seeing the sun in 5 days Damn its bright 
Ugh I have a roommate now :/ 
UGH , Underway .... Again ! 
