Big game for the Texans today . I think they got a good < PROPMALE > to get the help they need to make the playoffs , assuming they beat the playoffs . With that said , Crush em Patriots ! Sorry < PROPMALE > , my sports loyalties tell me to stick with the Pats no mater what . The best I can say is that I feel slightly dirty about this . 

Congrats Texans ! What a weird game , and I think < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is going to need to put in some work to regain his rep as the best closer in football ... he's been abmissmol this year . It's also disguisting watching my dad whoop around the room , and scream HIT HIM !!!!!! at < PROPMALE > . * shakes head in shame * . 
Blown away again , how God comes through EXACTLY when you need Him , and just how He does it . 
Despite some extreme down moments , I'm getting by with a little help from my friends ( as the poet once said ) , and slowly putting the pieces together . 
First thought on seeing the thunder last night : I'm gonna walk to BK and get me an oreo shake . 
Is tired of this Mickey-Mouse crap , and is going to take back control . 
Getting ready to go to < PROPFIRST > for the weekend , please pray we're able to represent the Lord well ! 
My , the facebook friend group is growing ! < PROPFIRST > was a sweet time , met quite a few good people on the trip and tried to just be a servant as much as possible . Would LOVE to keep up with this sort of work . Also randomly before the trip , the much talked about saxophone finally became a reality ! Yeah < PROPMALE > . 
Gotta say , that despite being packed with tests , and that my phone got wrecked this has been a GREAT week . Meeting cool people is always a good thing , and quite a few have entered my life recently . Thanks guys ! 
Just pulled off the upset of this young century on my speech midterm . Add that with the events of monday and you've got one intriguing week so far . 
Man , I get so worked up sometimes about what's going on or what's not going on , then God reminds me of who He is and than I remember I don't have to worry about the future so much because He's got it under control . Just wish I could always remember that . The possibilities are endless with God guilding the way . 
Sunday afternoon . Pats are on the t.v. in their old school jerseys and it's snowing . This is nice . 
Oh yes , yeah maybe it's the 0-5 Titans ... but with how great the Patriots are playing ( in the snow no less ) ... I think the Patriots are back . 4 TDs in one quater by < PROPFIRST > B ... don't be so mean < PROPMALE > ! 
Oh excuse me , make that 5 TDs !!!. NFL record . You keep on doing what you do < PROPMALE > 
The whole Desrosiers clan is in < PROPMALE > till Thursday , oh yes , Thanksgiving has come early . 
Many decisions have been made over the last week regarding my future ... well the next 6 months or so , which is how I operate . I'm proud to claim my decisions , as my own and look forward making the most out of HBU/Houston till the summertime . On another note , it was a great time with the fam . 
Duke v.s. HBU ( or HB according to ESPN ) .... hmmmmm . Got to hope for the best because man I hate Duke ! Bring em on . 
... and Duke pulls out a nail biter : 104-35 . Oh the carnage , keep your head up girls ! 
After going blind reading up on the Celtics for a speech next week , I'm ready for tonight's football game . Pats-Colts to the death . Always a classic . 
.... I'm going to be sick 
All bandaged up from giving blood . It's a good cause so I'm always down with helping out ... plus there were free cookies . That UT t-shirt on the other hand , is probably never going to be worn , even on laundry day . 
About this Pats-Saints game . Yeah my team is down 14 but I'm cool with it , got no problems with the Saints and just wanted to see what they got . Definitely a good team no matter how this thing ends . < PROPFIRST > Brees and that offense is sick . 
Hats off to the Saints , I'm not sure when the last time I saw the Patriots so badly outplayed . That was dominating Definitely want them to represent the NFC in the Super Bowl . With all due respect to my old comrade < PROPFIRST > on the DWC , my hatred of < PROPMALE > Farve is yankee , and lakeresque . 
Was going to write here summing up the last couple of days , but ran out of space and than switched to a long Note posting . Needless to say , it's been a cool few days ! 
Looking better than I hoped gong into the Finals . Three class grades are set in stone , with two up for grabs inclduing the speech class . If it's still on the table , I'm going to snatch it . 
Aced my psyc test , and final speech , got a fatter pay check than expected and it’s snowing . Yes , it’s a good day in < PROPMALE > . 
Test one is in the bag ( frustrating but irrelevent ) , with number 2 up in half an hour ( piece of cake ) , after that it gets fun . Hope everyone enjoyed the Baugh last night night ! 
Crushed the last two finals to the degree that an A may still be possible for Rev History ( long shot ... but still ) . We'll see if that prayer group comes together at 8 . After that it's studing for the speech test tommorow , than getting reaquainting with my pillow . It's been a long 24 hours but we're pulling through ! 
... so I went out for prayer and ended up swing dancing , who knew ? 
Alright , feel like I did what I needed to on that speech final . Only Psyc left to go . This is actually the one I care the most about and will simultaniously be the easiest/hardest one . It's Friday at 10:45 so I have almost two days too focus on it alone . This ride is almost over ! 
Left the door open with the Psyc test . It was definitely as tough as I feared . Oh well , I don't see the teacher snatching away an A if I kept it close ( which I did ) . In any case , the semester is over and now it's time to go get the best meal of my life and bowl with < PROPFIRST > . The break is here ! 
Hummm .... that last day went a little different than planned ( but still good ) . Been laying low at the folks house for the last few days . Driving test tommorow ! And Christmas shopping is done in record time . Hope everyone else is doing well . 
95ed the written test and had the fingers crossed on dodging the bullet of needing a driving test ( that one back in the day took me out twice ) . No such luck . The license awaits another day after I please some Texas Ranger with my rustly as all heck driving skills ... just need to fool him once ! I think I can do it . 
Grades are in . It started off ugly like none other but ended strong and the grades reflex it : 3 As and 2 Bs good for a 3.6 ... I'm not sure I ever did that at CCBC where all the classes were strictly Bible , and that's something I'd studied for years . Yeah I'll take this . What an interesting 12 months . 
Alright , worked on the driving skills with the family so it's now down to actually passing this thing tomorrow . No worries . Pops is going to owe me a free meal for this . 
Look out world , < PROPMALE > has a driver's license 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Hope everyone is having a great day , and gets to spend it with loved ones . 
Rode around < PROPMALE > looking for the Galleria mall . Should have took 20 minutes , but went closer to 2 hours . Whatever , I'm rolling again . Thanks again go out to my sister-in-law for the wheels , and my brother for being the reason I haven't died yet . 
Just when I thought I couldn't possiblly hate < PROPMALE > Pollard anyone more than I already did ... 
Man do I know campus A LOT better now . Much love to financial aid , and student life . 
... should have worn my Rondo jersey tonight ! 
Really , not that I care for Texas football ( Though I hate < PROPMALE > Saban and therefor Alabama ) but man do I feel sorry for that kid QB they have in now . 
45 Minutes till game time . Ravens are a good team , and the Pats have definitely been better , but I honestly never feel the Patriots are in trouble with the playoffs , they get it done . Monster in the fridge for this one . 
I don't know where to begin with that game . Brutialized by the run to the point the Ravens QB can win with a 10 rating ... and be the better quaterback ? Revolting . This whole team from the coach on down needs to get theirs butts straightened out if they ever want to get back to the Super Bowl . Sickening . Rondo getting a triple double for the Celtics doesn't mellow me out at all after what the Patriots did today . 
For anyone who is interested we'll be having a time of prayer tonight in the Parlor room at 7:30 p.m. All are welcome ! 
About Astronomy ... 
It's < PROPFIRST > Bauer Time ! 
So what's the set-up so far , Old CTU v.s. New CTU ? Not really impressed by anything so far ( except Drucker from Heat running CTU ) but it's early . Tomorrow will be nice with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > jumping into the fray we're going to need her character . 
The Book of < PROPMALE > , worth checking out . 
I've hated < PROPMALE > Farve since the 97 Superbowl , but I got to admit he won my respect by getting the crap kicked out of him all game and yet chugging along . Little bummed the way the game ended for him , but what symmetry . Just don't take 4 months to decide what your going to do , o.k. ? 
Prayer tonight in the Lake House Parlor Room for anyone who is interested . It starts at 7:30 p.m. God bless . 
Worlds have collided : < PROPMALE > from the old CCBC days has now moved in with me at my parent's place in Texas . This will be interesting . 
Getting tired of seeing the Celtics blow 2nd half leads . Sadly , I am happy they lost all three of these important games , instead of going 1-2 . It's good to bottom out to let you know you need to change . Stinks that a beautiful game by Rondo was wasted . 
Good to see the Celtics stepping their game up as of late . Love'n tutoring at the elementary school each day . Doing some ESL work and I think that will be the joy of my morning . Everyone is from a different country and has their own style . As someone who has done a little traveling in my day , this is EXTREMELY exciting ! 
Well that Celtics game was terrible . Bring on the Super Bowl ! Gotta give respect to Peyton , but I'm solidly in the Saints corner . Sure they didn't look good 2 weeks ago , but anyone that can tear the Patriots apart the way they did is a team that knows how to play . Do it for New Orleans . 
Way to go Saints !! Utterly dominated that second quater onward . As a Pats fan it was awesome seeing the old Peyton in the 4th quater , and knowing our status as team of the decade has been protected . Awesome game New Orleans !!! 
Just caught the latest episode of 24 . Loved the knife work with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Overall it seems this season's pace has been really slow and the stoires weak . < PROPFEMALE > has been the only interesting character , everyone at CTU is forgetable , I have no love for the President or her staff , and the bad guys haven't done anything in weeks .. Man do I miss < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and his crew . 
Just got back from < PROPMALE > . I was there over spring break with a crew from HBU partnering with the Center For Student Missions . Awesome , awesome trip . Much love to CSM who are helping all sorts of people and organizations in need . Expect a note in the next few days , but man did God do some work this week ! 
Quitely hit the 100 friend < PROPFIRST > ( thanks < PROPMALE > ) . Will be interesting to look at the break down of where everyone is , and where we met . 
Eating at Chipotles with a crew from the Bible College in California !?!? God does weird stuff sometimes . I LOVE it . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is going to the Basketball Hall of Fame ! Bout freaking time . 
Saturday Service Project at HBU . Among other things is serving the homeless , visiting nursing homes , assisting food banks , and so on . O.k. Huskies : let's see some of Christ's love ! 
Sigh , the Double Down “sandwich” from KFC broke my heart today . Overpriced , and nothing special . 
Season 8 of 24 reminds me of the disappoint I felt when I failed first grade . 
Got to admit , I felt like a million bucks today at Piney Point . I think my kids are ready for the TAKS test on Monday , and I got a lot of love from their teacher in appreciation ( including $30 to Starbucks ) . 
Is wondering why what should be easy is never easy . 
Sweet day thanks to X , and also Financial Aid -- it's to the point where I actually love talking with the people at financial aid since good stuff always happen . Freaky . 
What a day , nearly missed my Poly Sci final and then had a steel caged match with a Sociology one a little later . It was like a bad dream . But everything else in the day was simply awesome . Huskies : Don't forget you can donate old stuff by bringing it -- preferably in a bag , to the front lobby of your dorm residence . < PROPFIRST > Hinnenkamp and < PROPFIRST > Moss will handle the rest . Much respect to those guys and my Pops . 
Farewell semester number 3 . Very interesting ride this time around and was able to settle into a nice grove . Got involved , < PROPMALE > out with teachers ( that's never happened before ) , and loved tutoring at Piney Point . Nice development all the way around ! But now it's off to Cali on Thursday . Any Huskies that are interested in doing a one-way road trip let me know . 
Ra-Jon Rondooooooooooo !!!!! 
1500 < PROPMALE > to Cali and a full tank of gas . The trip begins tomorrow morning , hopfully ending around 9 pm Friday with me at Twin Peaks . Let's make it happen ! 
Settled into Tucson for the night . 2/3 of the way there ! God bless the hammer < PROPFIRST > . 
It took 1500 < PROPMALE > but I'm back at Twin Peaks . I love the crew up here , it's going to be an awesome summer . There are few places like California ! 
For those who know what one of the main reasons for my coming back to Cali for the summer are , it's a big No Go . It went down a couple days ago and I'm 95% cool with everything , God is going to work it out and in many ways this makes sense . That other 5% of me is going to need a while to sort though all the implications . 
Celtics-Lakers round 12 . L.A. , get ready to be Rondo'd 
Well that game sucked , couldn't have been more disappointing all around . The D was Charmin soft , both Allens were in foul trouble and KG was atrocious . The Celtics will be better in game 2 , because they simply can't get much worse . The fire will be there on Sunday . 
Lazy Sunday . It'll either be church or game 2 tonight . Tomorrow will be good for job hunting/studying ... really need something to develop there . 
Celtics convert the split ! Missed the game to go to church .... but God rewarded that with a Rondo triple-double ( and sick block ) , plus 8 3pts by Jesus Shuttlesworth . I'm loving this . 
What a frustating team , probably should have seen that coming . Now I have to wear a Lakers jersey , and sat through hours of abuse from a Lakers crowd . Still , they have to win two more times before it's all over . And atleast KG came alive again ... now about Mr. Jesus Shuttlesworth . 
Alright ! On top of the side gig , I was informed today by the Pastor up here that they'll hire me for three days a week , besides room and board . This is a HUGE turn a round for the summer . 
.. And the good news keeps a rolling : CSM has my application and a phone interview will be taking place shortly . If that goes well , the next step is to go to LA and be a shadow City Host for a week . These are the things I imagined for the summer . Oh , and the Celtics won yesterday . The only thing that went wrong is I didn't buy a lottery ticket , could have been a millionaire with the hot streak I'm on . 
Looking forward to tomorrows game . Up 3-2 going back to LA where we need to win 1 ... I'd be shocked if the Celtics don't get this done . Remember what Rondo did in game 6 in 08 ? Expect that again , especially with Bynum all jacked up . 
Game 7 = War Time . This will be Biblical . 
As per the bet , here is what everyone has been waiting for . On the plus side , it took the guys forever to come up with a shirt ( some fans they are ) . The man in this photo is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , a friend I've known for like 5 years , we met at CCBC and now are both up at Twin Peaks . I'm proud of my team , nothing surprised me about the results of game 7 . The Celtics went down swinging and that's all I wanted . 
What a strange week it's been . Went down memory < PROPFIRST > to CCBC last weekend and saw that the more things change , the more they stay the same . Heck , even after a year and a half of being away I swung by the kitchen and decided to meet the new DWC and work with them for a meal -- all while hiding out from a certain chef . Good times . Big shout out to < PROPFEMALE > for making the weekend happen and being a invaluable friend . 
This photo has like a day left in it before I switch back to something less evil . A 100 showers have not been enough to wash away the stench of it all . 
The long awaited interview with CSM LA finally went down today . Total time : 80 minutes . Gotta say I'm feeling good about the chances of being there when the Fall rolls around . In any case , they know my time table and we'll be in touch over the next two weeks when everything should be official one way or the other . This is ridiculously huge for me . 
Here's < PROPFEMALE > from Boston , in < PROPMALE > Simmon's mailbag summoning up how most of the world now feels about Lebron James : When LeBron arrives in Miami , will it be < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s responsibility to \put him down\ " since he murdered all of < PROPMALE >?" 
It was a sweet day running around the Redlands with most of the crew up here at Twin Peaks . Picked up some new music , hit up a Chipotle , and watched the last episode of Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood . Took longer than I thought , but now we are fully rolling this summer . 
Still awaiting my fate with CSM LA , until than it's Limbo about the future . Learned alot this summer ... and I don't ever want to go through it again for better or worse . 
Extremely encouraging day talking with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > -- really helped to lift this cloud of funk I've been in . Always comes back to prayer and caring for each other . God is so good to send help when we need it ! 
Going to CSM LA on August 1&2 for a trial run as a city host ! We're that much closer to having this gig become a reality and rocking Skid Row . Big thanks for all the prayer from the crew , but especially my boss X who covets this greatly for me . Please keep that up as I'll need it to be of any use to anyone out there -- got to have that heart of love . 
Next Sunday can't come quick enough . Even if it doesn't work out in LA , I'm content with having pushed everything this far . This gig for all intensive purposes would be a dream come true . 
Won an epic game of chess against my roommate < PROPMALE > , dude is good . And for those who are interested , it's LA on Saturday , as me and my boss X will be kicking it there a day in advance of the scheduled meeting with CSM . I have so much love for that man ! 
Tommorow should be the day I find out about CSM LA . God , what a draining summer . I'll try to throw up a note about it sometime in the next few days if possible . 
Forgot to post this , but CSM LA is a no go . Another avenue to serve the homeless , and actually help get that going is opening up out here in California , to which I need to pray about ( and get an answer quick ) in regards to helping with that or going back to < PROPMALE > this week . Ahh the cross roads , such has been my life these past 20 months . 
First facebook update via phone . Still working on my '' Decision '' note . 
The \Decision\ " note is now up to be read . More than anything I want everyone to know in both places that I love them . " 
Got to admit to being a little sad about not being at HBU on the first day of class . Of course I still believe in the path I'm going , but I will be bummed at times for not being at school with the guys . Planning on a new place for the new year if the finances work out -- stay tuned . 
Finished up another wood run ... we're almost ready for winter . Remind me to do this in another country . 
Car rescue number 3 for < PROPFEMALE > ... 
The college search is in full swing -- God willing my butt will be in a university for next semester . Must also admit though I've been to a few places , this is the first real time I've actually sifted through all the options out there . I like this process . 
Sweet dreams of an old friend = day off to a fantastic start . 
Despite the good start , things got pretty funky yesterday and carried into today . It's ended well though , and I think I have a better feel for my main co-worker . The future may be brigthening there . 
Gotta switch the profile picture up . Big changes are coming up here on the mountain , so why not start by bringing back < PROPFIRST > ? Also , I learned a lot today and am in a peaceful place on some big issues . Geezzz that only took a couple of years . 
Well football season is off to a good start . Go Patriots ( and good job Texans) ! 
All week I've been running into people back from the CCBC days , and if there was ever a week I needed that ... 
There are few things more exciting than training a ten year old how to use a chainsaw . Too bad no one else agreed . 
Two firsts today : 1 . Picked up a hitch hiker , and 2 . Got stopped by the cops . Going a little too fast for their liking , but got off with a warning . It was an ok day . 
So much love for the family right now . Pops came through with a move that will allow me to move on with my present/future . It's without a doubt the coolest thing that's happened all summer . Much respect to him for that . Oh , and ran into yet another person from back in the DWC days--it's almost been creepy how much that has happened lately . 
Yet another massive issue that has been lingering all summer got taken care of yesterday , with a favorable outcome . And had WAAAYYYYY to much fun hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > running around Murrieta as well . There is like a 0% < PROPMALE > I would have remained sane ( am I ? ) all these years without her . I'll even forgive that loss in air-hockey while we're at it . 
Finally got to hook up with Operation Provider . Rad time mostly behind the scenes helping pull weeds , < PROPFEMALE > groceries , and learn what they are about as an organization . I'm going to very much enjoy the time with them each week . Very cool group providing help to those struggling up her on the mountain . 
Texans atop the division ? Good job guys ! Side note , thanks for tacking on another loss to the Raiders who give their #1 to the Pats . Also got the first college application in today . It shouldn't take too long to get more done now that I have my information together . It'll be fun to see how this stuff shakes out . 
Rediscovered my love for 12 Stones . Things also continue to be cool with Operation Provider : Day 2 featured running down the hill to pick up a car load of groceries and having a key to the office . Helping out there has fast become a highlite of the week . 
Nother day at O.P. Today was mainly doing some yard work to make the outsider look a little cleaner . Can't sleep on the small stuff . There may also be some potential for the Conference Center up here in Twin Peaks to get a little involved . It would be awesome to see some connections happen ! 
Incredible message tonight at the Packinghouse ! Wanted to listen it again on the drive up the mountain . Nothing beats just teaching through the Word even if it's < PROPFIRST > 11 ... it's in there for a reason ! This also makes me miss my friend who is out of state right now , she would have done backflips for joy at this teaching . 
It's been pretty exciting getting reacquainted with some old friends from YES College Prep . Those days , beginning a decade (!) ago , were pivotal to me believing it was o.k. to trust and open up as a person ... like I had something to offer . Yall did wonders , and those summers will always be special/dreamy to me . Hope life has been what you wanted these past 7 years . Can't wait to hear more ! Love you guys . 
After watching him kick last year for the Texans , there was 0 doubt in my mind < PROPFIRST > Brown was going to miss that game tying field goal , against the Patriots . Thanks < PROPMALE > , you're our secret wepon ! 
Pumped that basketball is back . And my boys the Celtics kicked it off with a great win last night over the overrated Heat . Oh and than my man Rondo drops 17 assists , that's what I'm talking about ! 
God I love Rondo and the Celtics ! 24 assists !?!?!? 
Gruntapocalypse is ridiculously fun on Halo Reach . Nothing like popping off a hundred or so while barely losing a life . 
Missed out on watching mid-term elections . I'm a fan of all the drama though I don't trust either party . Still , it's fun watching the elections unfold and news media freak out . Hopefully today is the start of better times . Good luck < PROPFEMALE > . 
Going to Vegas on Sunday . First time in three years , and this time it isn't going to be for a missions conference . Take that for whatever it's worth . 
Thanks everyone for blowing up my facebook < PROPFEMALE > with birthday wishes ! Love yall . And it has been a good day so far ... but the real fun starts later . 
Those wishes went coast to coast and even international ( thanks < PROPFIRST > ) . This was a big joy of the day ; seeing my phone say someone else hit me up of facebook . Felt loved , thanks all . 
All and all this was pretty much the ideal day for up here -- it had a little bit of everything good and nothing bad . Oh , and the Celtics whopped up on Miami with my boy Rondo continuing his out-of-his-mind play this season . Added bonus was seeing the Lakers get their first L in < PROPMALE > , a city I am very fond of . 
Pats beating the Steelers always makes for good fun -- and is usually the case when they play . 
Nearly ran over Pastor < PROPFIRST > with a golf cart today -- might have been worth it . 
Black Friday ! 
I think yesterday I hit my last unfortunate event up here on the mountain . But a mere two hours after that I finally got word from the Bible Institute of LA : I'm in as of January 26 ! This is my pot of gold at the end of the rainbow ... and it's been a long time coming . Thank you God ! 
45-3 over the Jets ? Love to see my boys in action . < PROPMALE > has to be the MVP of this season if they finish up the way they've been playing the last month . 
Red Sox signing < PROPFIRST > Crawford to go with Gonzalez ? And at their insane prices ? I think it's safe to assume the Sox are gunning for a World Series again . Count me as excited and slightly horrified . 
Very interesting day : Officially got $4500 in transfer student money , a little more help with school , and finally had an overdue get together with someone I've been on the outs with . That went well and we'll see what will happen moving forward , but the time apart definitely helped . 
I've earned my PhD in drama control these past 72 hours , even < PROPFIRST > Bauer would be proud . More on the slate for tomorrow , a funeral for Tuesday , and San < PROPFEMALE > starting Wednesday . Secretly , I am enjoying helpig out with these on going situations and believe I have answers ... or I could melt down soon , either way it'll be must watch t.v. 
San < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . Going to love being up there , taking in the city . It'll also be nce to take a break from the mountain , even though I only have one more month anyways . 
Alcatraz was freaking awesome ... it's definitely the place I would want to be locked up for a 20 year stretch . 
That's right pancakes , fear my butter ! 
Woke up this morning to find a huge chunk of the bathroom ceiling caved in from the rain . I think we can officially declare any drought over in California . 
Photos of San < PROPFIRST > now uploaded . Probably still have to steal Tiff's in a few days . I'm happy with what I got , especially considering the overcast day . 
Love to see the \we will out execute you\ " Patriots are back with a vengence . " 
So a letter from BIOLA's financial < PROPFEMALE > office came in today . $14.4 K for tuition .... 14.6 K in < PROPFEMALE > ! Big ups to God on that one . Still need to handle room and board , but I can't believe I have a full ride somewhere . About passed out like in the profile pic . 
Might need to end a friendship in the next few days . The person is unbelievable in so many ways , and apparently my help is going nowhere . Can't stick around with that , especially considering the stakes . Any advice my friends ? 
Been playing a hero/father role the past week . Got to say it's a role I'm well suited for and have been kicking butt at . One day ... 
Should be nominated for some Nobel prize for the work I'm doing with a family . Love em , but they sure know how to make things difficult . 
DARN YOU ROCKETS !!!!!! \ 
.... and now to unwind with an episode of < PROPMALE > . 
Learning the value of time apart when it comes to conflict , or even relationships . People need room to breath , they will react poorly when they get smothered , but especially in an unhealthy situation . 
One week till BIOLA . The only goal till than is to really get my mind into school mode and mellow out , after spending an extremely stressful week with a particular family . The chaos there has been cut out , and now I can relax . 
Consider the nuclear button offically pushed . 
If I'm the Stellers I throw here and try and win the game . Worst outcome is an incomplete pass , but you end it here and now . 
Thank you . Go Packers . 
Moving in . Room is the coolest thing so far , but the place is a ghost town and 20 < PROPMALE > or more from LA . 
On the plus side , I finally go to a school that has coke in the cafeteria ... and the diversity of food is outstanding . Diversity of campus ? Not so much . 
My little world is growing again . These will be an interesting four months ... but than again they always are . 
Always a good day when the Celtics beat the Lakers . I'm sure my Celtics gear is going to endear me to the students of BIOLA ... 
Congrats to < PROPFIRST > on the victory . Can't hate , they just won that game . 
Watching a heavy amount of Gundam Wing has really mellowed me out . Almost feel poetic on the inside . 
Magic of Facebook strikes again ! Great night caughting up with three friends from the past . 
Alright Packers : I don't care for you , but make me proud ! 
Good to see the Pack win ( Want a mulligan Farve ? ) , and as always I hate the Steelers and their fans ... so annoying during the game . Also won the bet on the final score with the guys on the dorm floor , I went with 31-20 . Oh and big game by Rondo . 
Reconnecting with our old friends at CSM . Trying to be a City Host for the Bay area in the summer . Definitely sending a prayer up to God on that one . Oakland , Frisco ; we've got more work to do ( here's hoping ) . 
It will be fascinating to watch < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > go for the 3pt record tonight . The current/old champ < PROPMALE > Miller will be calling the game on TNT , and Kobe could get immortalized as the guy in the photo who couldn't get to < PROPFIRST > to stop that basket . Oh , and it's a home game . He needs to get two , and boy will this be fun . I say he gets it , and before the fourth quater . 
Well < PROPFIRST > , looks like you'll have to do it without me after all . Joined up with a campus group called : Brown Bag Ministry , and will be out on the streets of Long Beach passing out bagged food . Looking forward to this ... and will still wear my Rondo jersey unless told by a team leader to take it off . 
Knew my boy < PROPFIRST > would knock down those 3s quick , and found it hysterical Kobe didn't even challenge that record shot , He KNEW and didn't want to be THAT guy in the photo . Except he is . The loss means nothing . 
Great ( surprising ) win by the Celtics over the Heat today . Love that they came to compete despite all the injury problems , one game left till the ASG break . Heal up guys ! 
Finally switched over my car insurance from Texas to Cali , and am actually saving about $35 a month . That will come in VERY handy here in college . Also will be joining an underground group on campus that surely would make my parents queasy . It's what I live for . 
Uncle < PROPFIRST > is being good to me this year ... 
Got some leads from Career Development after giving up some blood earlier today . Definitely want to get active in the community . \ 
p.s. Dear God Lakers ! Bobcats AND the Cavilers ? < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > must be spinning in his grave . 
Seriously considering ponying up for a smart phone that will last me forever . Android or iPhone ? Help me out world . 
Pulled a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to help another dorm win the Dodge ball tournament on campus . I want to dedicate that victory to the Rabbi , where ever he is . Taught me what I know . 
Gotta admit it's starting to get \a little\ " fun at BIOLA . " 
Liking the direction of the new season of Kitchen Nightmares . I'm late to the game since its week 5 , but so far it seems a < PROPMALE > more trustworthy ... an issue I've had in the past with it . Love Ramsay though , he could be my life coach . 
Apparemt I'm not the only one at BIOLA with a Rondo jersey ... the thief ! 
Why thank you Uncle < PROPFIRST > , my checking account is VERY happy to have heard from you ! 
It'll still be a few days before my phone is up and running but here is the number : \ 
( 562 ) 236-6688 . I know I have my hangups ( issues ) so I want to put the word out that if your on the friends list I would LOVE for you to use that number . Peace world . 
Just heard < PROPMALE > Perkins got traded from the Celtics to the Thunder . It's depressing . Don't like losing anyone from the team regardless if the players they are getting back are good . That 5 was a brotherhood . At least he's going to a great team . Baron < PROPMALE > on the other hand ... 
Welcome to the world droid . 
Really digging my Droid . I now get to have the theme from : Astyanax alert me when texts are coming in ... it's all I ever wanted . Oh , and GPS is nice too . 
Phone interview with CSM SF next week in regards to the summer . The green light would make me ecstatic . 
Going with a new profile photo for a moment . God I miss the days of blowing the fro out with a tie dye t-shirt . Big ups to Cacie ( girl in photo ) for providing this pic . She's a former co-worker/drama teacher/friend . 
Currently rocking out to Tragic Kingdom by No Doubt .... don't judge me ! 
Pretty soon that shot of me and moms is going to be a profile pic , thus continuing the retro theme . Shout out to Tiff , and < PROPFEMALE > for making that one happen in the summer of 04 . 
Deflating news over the past 24 hours : a person I respect has a brain tumor , and another person I've had love for , and who was struggling to get on the right track is apparently in jail . Asking for prayer for their families . 
Had absolutely no energy or heart today , but just got a MASSIVE boost reading a little comment . The lesson as always : Don't shy away from giving compliments , it may seem unnecessary to you , but be exactly what the other person needs to hear . 
Got a deep glimpse at what will most likely be included in the rest of my life . Painful and ugly ... but I'm glad I'm the one to handle this stuff . There may be some beauty left ... 
Went to Long Beach today hoping to run into < PROPMALE > at the apartments . Oh did it happen , and boy did he caught me napping when I said I liked < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Couldn't name a song besides \Rolling Stone\ " or \ " All Along the Watchtower\ " when put to the test . I'll redeem myself next week when I read : Chronicles I and list twenty songs . Guy is always a bunch of fun . " 
Wait , am I now apart of a crew at BIOLA ? 
In little < PROPFEMALE > 
Connected with the Center for Student Missions : San < PROPFIRST > . Brief talk mostly setting up a lengthier one next week . Praying this works out . 
Counting me that's now 3 Rondo jerseys on campus . Saw a KG one yesterday . 
Calvary Chapel La Harbra was pretty good this morning , but I feel I got to make that pilgrimage to Costa Mecca next week . What services do yall from CCBC go to ? 
2 chapels down 28 to go . Im on my way ! 
A big source of stress is about to go by by , and just in time . I'll take the mulligan on Stats class . Conversely , more flexibility is opened up on Mondays , and Wednesdays . Wish it wasn't so , but it's the smart move at this point . 
Cutting my hair was supposed to be symbolic . Should have waited one more day , CSM SF isn't going to happen . 
