pool with pavel 

another day at school completed 
getting pumped for my b-day on monday . cant wait !!! Also Halo 3 ODST is going to rock !! 
Yea what a wonderful b-day !! 
ODST Came out today . I have been waiting forever for this game . wohooo 
Odst is awesome . Another day completed 
Going to Target soon to buy myself PC Stuff .... 
What a great Halloween ! I hope my < PROPFEMALE > lasts until next year :) 
Modern Warfare 2 is out and im ready to kick some but ! lol 
Left 4 Dead 2 is out too ! November is the best month for video games so far !! 
Having a nice Turkey day with my family in Boston . 
Yea an amazing day of no school ! 
Well almost 3rd day of mid-terms at school . Not as bad as I thought they would be so far ... 
going to an islanders game with pavel tch 
OMG I just got battlefield bad company 2 and it is amazing ! It owns modern warfare 2 . I also wan't District 9 or Avatar to win best picture :) 
Just did scheduling in school today . I ' m going into Honors Social Studies ( Finally ... ) Computer Essentials , Web Wizards and other electives will be Mythology and Film Studies . 
Can't believe that nobody was really exicted about St. Patricks Day . Oh Well . Still a fun holiday ! 
Well 5 days to Spring Break !!! 
( This is for camp friends only ) I WONT Be going back to Driftwood . I don't like the new owners and I think its way TOO overpriced for the kinda summer I had . So I have found a thing called Thrill Coasters Teen Tour . It's only like 3,000 and they go to Cedar Point for two days and early access ! If you don't like the \New\ " Driftwood Day Camp or wan't to try something new talk to me . Thanks for understanding ! " 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > . I didn't know her but you won't be forgotten by all of us ! 
Wrestlemania is Today ! 
Happy Passover ! 
Man its almost school . oh well June is two months away ! then its summer ! 
If anybody plays Counter Strike and or Day of Defeat on steam I'll play you . thanks and my info is under my pic . 
Well about 2 months till summer and I have to say this has been so far one of the best school years of my life . Hoping to get more like this in the years too come ! 
Just got the new Left 4 Dead 2 dlc . I'm lovin it !! 
Also if anybody asks about my profile pic its the symbol for The Order of Byzantine Knights . I know i'm a history nerd :D 
Just started my written rants series . Enjoy ! Note to my firend < PROPFIRST > the rant thing isn't a copy of your \Things that annoy the Hell out of Me \"" 
sooo . 3 days till Reach beta . < PROPFIRST > the date and when next Friday comes I will be playing all nite long !!! 
A huge accident on the southern state ( which is behind my house ) just starteld me . They say that its the most dangerous highway section on Long Island ... 
Just played the Halo Reach Beta . What else can i say beside AWESOME !!! 
Almost Friday ! Paper Airplane Day , Invasion for Halo Reach Beta , and of course the weekend are right around the corner ! 
at a Iron Man 2 imax show ! 
Lol english pirate language ! 
with the class of 2013 < PROPFEMALE > I very much appreciate mayan culture just not the whole 2012 deal . don't sacrafice me please i have much to live for lol . 
We just got the new chevy traverse . it's very nice :D 
I did a powerwalk today from a friends house to target . i'm tired but proud :D , 
Ahh I'm going to love memorial day weekend ! 
Just remember something very very important ... SUMMER IS COMING UP AND MY LAST DAY IS THE 18th HALLELUYAH ! 
Have to wear a stupid retainer for a week :( 
mehh sorry I haven't been replying to anything . finals and regentses next week . anyway last day of school is tommorow ! I hope everybody has a great summer ! I have also been getting back into samurai :) 
I just flew a plane yesterday ! It was a cessna skyhawk . It was in this program called Young Eagles . Today I'm meeting some new people at ThrillCoaster Tours . can't wait for the tour ! 
Today was fun . I met new people today going to ThrillCoasters Teen Tour . It's amazing all of the hotels and amusement parks . TAKE THAT DRIFTWOOD DAY CAMP ! 
Just did my social studies and spanish finals . all too easy ... 
Just did my first regents ever ! Not as very hard as teacher's put it . It was the science regents . 
to think that next week I'll be in Cedar Point . anyway happy summer everybody ! 
I just had the best pizza ever ! 
I'm back from my 2 week tour of the midwest ! I had a great time and I met new people . I even conquered some old fears ! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > of TCT and my parents for making this possible ! 
Sad that I found out that Great American Scream Machine my favorite Arrow Dynamics coaster is going away . I'll miss you and along with thousands of other coaster fanatics like me . Besides that I'm now getting adjusted to everyday normal suburbian life . 
Ahh continuing to unwind even though I'm really sore ... 
Just found out that I'm most likely going to go on North of the Border trip . Can't wait to see all of the people from TCT again ! 
Also my offical coaster count is 101 . I hope to bump it up soon ! 
I just saw The Last Airbender today . It's okay . It's not as bad as a lot of people say and it's not good either . Too many mistakes with the movie that distance it from the show . I also saw Predators last night it was good but not as good as the original . I guess I had high expectations . 
is going to get Recon with Halo Reach :) 
I hate getting friend requests from people I don't know so please stop sending them . Anyway I just ranted about < PROPMALE > . Please watch ! www.youtube.com/user/gamepro217 
Hopefully going to get into a Rush Concert today . If not then Inception . 
No Rush Concert sadly . Oh well in 2 weeks NOTB ! 
Ah have fun beachgoers kids . hope to see some of you on NOTB ! Anyway on wednesday a new < PROPMALE > episode airs about Six Flags New England home of the supposed #1 steel coaster on the planet . not meaning to advertise ... 
Just so people know please no spam on my account ... I don't care about facebook games and all that crap so please no spam ... 
Also I just watched Enemy at the gates . It was good but odd . If you like war films and history you'll like this one . 
Tonight is the episode of < PROPMALE > I have been waiting for ... Six Flags New England ! 
Next week NOTB . Bizzaro #1 lol . Many new memories and coasters next week . Hope to see plenty of new people as well as people from Gateway ! 
Ah my day of house managment complete . So much anxiety for an action-packed coaster adventure ! And happy birthday to my awesome Dad ! 
Had a ok day at Lake Compounce the yellow jacket capital of the world . Today hopefully things will turn out betterat Six Flags New England . Bizzaro baby ! 
After having a lot of awkward moments in Montreal I head on to Canada's Wonderland one of my favorite amusment parks . 
I'm home after a week of non-stop coasters . Hopefully I'll get to see everyone again for reunion ! 
Hopefully going to gadv next week to ride toro and nitro . 2 of my childhood coaster nightmares lol . 
Today Creed Concert tommorow Great Adventure with family and friends ! 
At the Creed concert ! 
Ahhh an amazing day at Great Adventure with family and friends . El Toro , Nitro , and Kingda < PROPFEMALE > have been conquered ! Even an accidental TCT reunion happened to finish the night . 
I just learned more info about Great Adventure's mysterious past . Oh how I'd love to see Lightinin Loops , Viper , Chiller ( Even though I remeber Chiller ) , and Shockwave . There should be a sort of roller coaster safari where coasters of the past can be ridden without the pressure of being torn down 
Just got my schedule for school . I'm very happy that I got the classes I wanted . Tommorow I'm going to the Cradle of Aviation Museum to see classic movie cars and airplanes . 
Going to the cradle of aviation . 
Got the Halo Reach Limited Edition Xbox controller . It's awesome for my Halo nerdness ! Tommorow I'm going to Splish Splash with friends and family . 
September already ... Halo Reach in 13 days and my birthday in 20 days ! 
2 days till school , 9 days till Reach , and 16 days till my birthday . September is a wonderful month isn't it ? 
First Day of School . Good classes with a lot of friends =:) 
Happy Rosh Hashunah all of my jewish friends and family ! 
Can't wait for Reach tommorow . Will post pics of the Legendary Edition in it's splendor . Wish I was in the city at the launch party or hell the small party at gamestop ! 
I got my hands on Reach ! It's awesome ! Other than that nothing else really . 
Just watched the tct dvd I got in the mail . A great summer that I'll never forget ! Thanks for the memories ! New Ghost Adventures too soon ... 
The Best Day of the year in 2 days . My Birthday ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
I wonder about the possible TCT reunion at GADV . Oh well ... Going to GADV on < PROPMALE > Day Weekend for fright fest . Other than that I hope to pre-order Black Ops or Medal of Honor soon . 
Had a great time with friends yesterday . 
have a cold unfourtnatley . I've been through so many of them so it's not that bad . And what's up with the Facebook movie ? If they can make a movie about Facebook why can't they make a Halo movie ... 
Fright Fest hopefully soon at GADV and Fallout New Vegas too coming up in October . 
GADV today . 
Tired oh so very tired and new ghost hunters episode tonight ! 
Back on facebook after my self-blackout on facebook . Halloween soon and hope to get a shit load of < PROPFEMALE > compared to last years dissapointment ... 
No more < PROPFEMALE > Pulosi and Patterson ! I love when election day gets this great . 
Also if I encounter any awesome creepypasta I'll post it under notes . 
Early snowfall like Russia today . Gee lets hope nobody tries to kick our ass . 
My god damn Xbox broke Fallout New Vegas for a second time . I'm done playing it until I get a new Xbox so don't expect me on for a while . Also new creepypasta this time by me . Enjoy ! 
It's times like this when I sit bored at my computer when I fully realize how much school can not be boring ... Also and why in God's name are people obessing Call of Duty a lot I know it's a good game but c'mon people litterly waste their lives with this shit like it's drugs or something . I pray to God that there won't be a noob infestation when I finally do get it ... 
God bless our veterens who fought to protect our freedom and democracy . Thank You vets this day's for you . Also happy anniversery to my parents today too . 
I'm a hawk . According to a hearing and vision test I took I have 20/20 vision and perfect hearing ! 
Hanging out with a friend and playing some minecraft and black ops . 
Beat < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in a Social Studies duel in a European Country matching game ! Good game though 
Apparently North Korea fired artillery shells on South Korean soldiers . Oh < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Il what are you up to now ? 
Can't believe < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died . R.I.P you'll be rembered always 
Happy first night of Hannukah everyone ! 
Black Ops is great ! Great firearms , balancing , campaign , and maps make this most likely game of the year . 
5th night of Hannukah already ? I remeber it as a slow holiday not a fast one . Oh well ... And I'm late for this make your profile pic your favorite cartoon day and Courage The Cowardly Dog was my favorite . 
Just started a \novel\ " . Check out the first chapter below or what is the prototype for it . Enjoy and post feedback ! " 
What a winter wonderland today ... 
Funeral tommorow unfortuanatley for my Grandfather < PROPMALE > Acker . May he enjoy heaven and it's wonders . 
The movie Tron came out . I hope it's a faithful remake of the original . Other that that not much . 
Today was a long day as usual and at least Christmas vacation is coming up but I got nothing to look up too except a long off week . Thank you Christians ! 
Finally going back to school tommorow . A lot of fun in place tommorow . Movie in Math and Risk in Social Studies and god knows what else . And then Christmas Break ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to my friends and have a wonderful holiday ! 
Just wrote a comedic poem if you can call it that . It's called \Happy Holidays\ " and it's under notes . And a boring Christmas Day as usual for me . " 
What a winterwonderland outside ! 
Day two of the blizzard . I wish this was last week though ... 
Having a sleep over with < PROPFIRST > Doherty . Playing Fallout a usual but always fun as hell ! 
Saw three new movies today . Ace Ventura 2 , Paranormal Activity , and < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim v.s the World with my friend today . 
My name in different languages lol . \ 
Japanese : ????? \ 
Russian : ?????? \ 
Arabic : ????? 
Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > everyone ! 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > . Pure awesomness ! 
Got a new haircut today ... 
With < PROPFIRST > Infante 
Apparently the day I choose to go on my normal bus , the bus gets hit by a School District car . Oh the irony ... 
Here's my computer specs in case anyone wants to know . \ 
\ 
Processor : AMD Athlon II X2 250 Processor with 3.00 ghz . \ 
R . A . M : 4.00 gigabites\ 
Video Card : Nvidia GeForce nforce 430\ 
And apparently World of Warcraft : Cataclysm is the fastest selling PC game of all time ... \Creating more addicts everday ! \ " should be Blizzard's new motto lol " 
I hope it snows tommorow and hard . It'd be nice to have a 2 day snow break right ? 
Snow Day ! 
Isn't it just me but didn't it feel like Sunday then Monday today lol . 
Got accepted for SUPA ( Syracuse University Project Advance ) American History ! 
Having a sleepover < PROPFIRST > 
Hey friends I'm holding a group of Urban Explorers called W.I.U.E with my friend < PROPFIRST > Hassel . If anyone is intrested in joining contact one of us . Thanks ! 
Midterms in a couple of days ... 
STEELERS WON !!!! Eventhough I would of like'd the Jets to be there too but oh well . Still STEELERS WON ! 
State of the Union address today . Don't like Barack Obama so I don't give a damn . We are slowly becoming socialist . Time for a new president ... 
Revoultion in Egypt . Gee International news has been < PROPFEMALE > this week . Hopefully the rebels win . Egypt deserves democracy . 
Got hacked on Steam again . Some asswhole with a keylogger . 
Got the Black Ops First Strike map pack . Love the Berlin Wall map ! 
Just played the Crysis 2 multiplayer demo . Awesome . I wish I played the original though ... 
Superbowl Sunday tommorow . Hope the Steelers win ! 
Steelers lost :( . Oh well good season right ? 
Went through < PROPFIRST>'s day fortunatley without emotional trauma . And the U.R.J.R has become the U.S.R after annexing 3 more rooms to our united republic ! Holding positions for the cabinet if anyone is interested . 
Beat Fallout New Vegas fourth time around and this time for Caesar's Legion . Oh what a sick bastard I am lol ! 
Damn Cold ... The Red Army is overeacting to the weather lol . 
I hope my \Red Army\ " is fighting to \ " Berlin\ " by now . Other than that going to kill time by going on Google Earth and finding all the locations of Fallout New Vegas on there . Oh well the price for vacation right ? " 
Just ordered pizza from Papa < PROPFIRST>'s . The operator thought I was a girl ... Do I really sound like a girl or is this guy deaf ? 
Apparently according to the quiz I took below I'm either a Silver tonged dictator who aspires to mass murder or a inventor . Gee I guess I'm all the wrong people aren't I ? 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > 
Nothin like listening to the Red Army Choir to drown out rap . 
Lots of Profile editing mainly under philosophy and activities . Anyway going to make my first you tube video in a while with Minecraft . If anybody's intrested go here to see my videos\ 
www.youtube.com/gamepro217 
Just greeted with news of a 8.9 earthquake and tsunami in Japan . At least they are prepared for that kind of disaster . 
Going to see Footloose at the high school soon ... 
Tsunami in Japan and possible nuclear meltdown . It's hell over there apparently ... 
Fun birthday party with friends today . 
My life is paralleling Rear Window right now . I hear voices outside and I'm stuck in my room right now . < PROPMALE > Hitchcock I'm sure is laughing his ass of right now lol 
Risk tommorow with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
Just came back from seeing Battle : LA . Pretty good in my opinion . Lot's of suspense but pretty shitty acting 
Had fun with friends today 
Airsoft tommorow 
Ugh < PROPFEMALE > Kutcher and < PROPFIRST > Bieber are going to be in a movie . Just why ? 
Came back from seeing < PROPFIRST > . Hilarious that's all I have to say . 
Worst Wrestlemania ever . Eventhough the Undertaker and Triple H match was awesome ! 
Ah gotta love the warm temperatures . It was beautiful today ! 
Going to create a creepypasta soon . Probably going to be something < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland thing or some hidden pictures found . 
My condolences goes to all the students in chorus . If you ever want to talk let me know . 
