If trees could scream , would we be so cavalier about cutting them down ? We might , if they screamed all the time , for no good reason . 

Spent the day in the rain , first at the triathlon ( < PROPMALE > did the kids triathlon and did great , im so proud ! ) and then at Cedar's soft ball tourny , until it got called off because of the rain . What a soggy day ! 
I miss my Dad . 
Probably the earliest fly swatters were nothing more than some sort of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick . 
< PROPMALE > ? < PROPMALE > ! How could she let < PROPMALE > go ?!!!!! 
Volleyball camp is done ! It was fun , but not as fun as if i was the one playing ! 
If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status , and you will be surprised by what people remember about you ! 
Had a great 4th with my Fam ! But i cant believe its July already :( The summer is going by way to fast ! 
I wish outer space guys would conquer the Earth and make people their pets , because I'd like to have one of those little beds with my name on it . 
Just got home from the pool ! Took all 4 of my kids and 2 of my brothers and decided that the pool is a great baby sitter ! 
I guess I kinda lost control , because in the middle of the play I ran up and lit the evil puppet villain on fire . No , I didn't . Just kidding . I just said that to help illustrate one of the human emotions , which is freaking out . Another emotion is greed , a 
Had a great relaxing week at the Cabin . Now we are heading to the Orangeville parade . 
Gonna be a busy week ! Me an sis have a booth in the EC fair all week , doing kids day at the fair Friday as a fund raiser for the volleyball team and a 3 on 3 Volleyball tourny on Sat . If anyone wants to get a team together for the tourny contact me or Kri 
Tryouts are done thank goodness , I hate that part ! 
When I found the skull in the woods , the first thing I did was call the police . But then I got curious about it . I picked it up , and started wondering who this person was , and why he had deer horns . 
Back from Volleyball tourny in Saint < PROPFIRST > . Had a great time , the girls did great , ( NO DRAMA ) I know hard to believe . And i figured out how ppl can stand to live in St < PROPFIRST > in the summer . They make the inside of the building so cold that it actually fills good to go out side into the heat . 
< PROPMALE > and Cedar off to 5th and 3rd grade this morning . We got up and had chocolate syrup and biscuits , they dressed in their new outfits , took pics , and got off to school . Jax starts K on Fri , and my baby starts pre school in a couple of weeks . Who , me old ? 
Off to Park City for Volleyball ! Not looking forward to the long bus ride . 
WANTED ....... Someone to clean and organize my house and life and car and kids . Oh heck just come be me for a few weeks and ill go on vacation ! 
Off to Union , or is it Uintah ? I dont know i get the two mixed up , I hope the bus driver knows . 
Is a little ticked , < PROPMALE > left his New school shoes outside last night after jumping on the tramp , ant this morning one is gone . This is the third time he has done this , the first of school last year too . Last year i was lucky enough to find it in a yard not to far away . No such luck this time . He is saving up money for a DS and i told him he would have to use $40.00 of it to pay me back for the shoes . To harsh ? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s first day of pre school was Tues . It was more of a get to know the class and teacher day , with the parents staying . As soon as we pulled up to the school , < PROPFEMALE > tells me \by mom\ " I say \ " can i walk you in ? \ " she says \ " I guess\ " ( rolling her eyes ) . so we go in and she tells me \ " you can leave now mom\ " ....... Its great to be loved ! " 
When you go in for a job interview , I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges . 
The happiest people don't necessarily have the best of everything .... They just make the best of everything . 
Your Joy can fill you only as deeply as your sorrow has carved you . 
I believe in making the world safe for our children , but not our children's children , because I don't think children should be having sex . 
Let the shopping season begin ! 
26 down 15 to go ! feels great ! 
Going to SL tomorrow , < PROPMALE > is playing on an all < PROPFEMALE > football team and they play up north . I just heard it may snow . HHMMM this should be fun ! 
Had a great time with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > yesterday , even though i froze . The boys played great , even though they were a little out of there league . The other team came on the field with brand new jerseys with each of their names on the back . Our team came on with jerseys im sure < PROPMALE > used when he was that age , and lucky if half of the number was still on . Made me laugh . 
My sis has a friend that buys Laguna beach jeans and True Religion jeans at wholesale and then sales them at partys for $60 , If you guys know these jeans you know they are $200 to $300 at department stores . She said that if i can find enough ppl interested she would do a party down here . So if your interested email me and let me know . 
5 amazing bro in laws who are great fathers and husbands , 4 amazing sis in laws who i couldnt love more if they were blood , and a bunch of amazing , talanted , beautiful nieces and nephews who i love as my own , and amazing aunts , uncles and cousions that i love and wish i saw more of . Life is amazing and i am Thankful ! 
I have an amazing suportive , hard working husband , amazing beautiful children , an amazing loving , giving mom , an amazing dad building our cabin in heaven , amazing in laws who are always ther for us , two amazing sisters who i look up to and admire , an amazing brother who i think the world of 
Just made it home from my Christmas shopping ! I left at 3 am Friday morning , and made it back to the house at 8 pm Sat night , and i almost got it all done . I had a great time with my mom and sisters ! 
Had a great time at the Copinga family christmas party ! I love spending time with my sibs and all of the nieces and nephews , and mom ! My family is amazing , fun , and a little crazy and i eat up every second i have to spend with them . 
Asked < PROPMALE > to go start the car so it would warm up for when i took the kids to school , 20 < PROPFEMALE > later we went out and turns out he didnt start it he just turned the key on , and now the batterie is dead :( Score one for the environment , zero for < PROPFEMALE > . 
my little boy turned 6 yesterday . Why do they have to grow up , I just want to freeze them all at the ages they are today ! 
Off for my last day of shopping ( I HOPE ) got to get all those last < PROPFEMALE > things ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all you ppl in my computer ! Had a great morning . < PROPFEMALE > is playing with her new < PROPFEMALE > kitchen , Jax and < PROPMALE > are playing a new game on the play station . Cedar is trying on new clothes , and < PROPMALE > is playing with jax's new radio control stunt car and singing on Cedar's new karaoke machine ! I am so blessed ! 
Went to the frog < PROPFEMALE > with my girls , we loved it ! On the way home we debated on if it would be a good idea to kiss a frog . Cedar said not if its a boy frog , cuz the only boy she kisses is her dad , < PROPFEMALE > said she would only kiss one if his name was < PROPMALE > . ( she wanted to go see < PROPMALE > and the chipmunks ) 
Missing my Dad , but thankful for my father in law and him wanting to spend time with my kids . He and my boys just left to go to salt lake to pick up a cousion from the air port . So gald we live so close to family , and thankful for all the memories we are making now . You never know how long you have . 
Trying to get my Christmas stuff down and my house clean , but keep getting distracted . I think Im A.D.D 
purple . 
One more day of the cold , going to Vegas and then back to Saint < PROPFIRST > for the week . It better be warm ! 
back from Vegas and St < PROPFIRST > , had a great time ! Shopped , ate , relaxed , and had a great time with < PROPMALE > when he wasnt in classes . Missed my kids though and im glad to be back ! 
I dont like being told what to do so i usually dont repost these , lol , but i cant pass this one up ! love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate , but we can still say THANKS for their love 
driving in a winter wonderland ! 
yay for old chick volleyball ! 
Ok someone has been watching way to much tv . Was just told by my 4 year old that she gets \flusterated when good food goes bad \"" 
Why wont everyone just do what i say ? Is that really to much to ask ? 
When < PROPFEMALE > was President , we had < PROPMALE > Hope and < PROPFIRST > Cash . Now that Obama is President , we have no Hope and no Cash 
You can be as happy as you make up your mind to be . 
Congrats < PROPMALE > Girls !!!!!! 
If your dad is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your dad still with you , or if he has gone to be with the Lord , copy and paste this with his name . Menco Copinga . Love you papa ! 
Happy Birthday to my sweet Cedar who is 9 ! So glad there are still nice girls in the world , and proud i get to raise one ! 
Just finished making 90 heart shaped sugar cookies for three of my children's classes . I am officially a domestic goddess ! 
Going through closest's and boxes today . Found some old pants from High School and decieded to try them on . The cool part is they are to big , but holy heck did we really ware such high waisted pants ? I felt like i had on clown pants ! And talk about baggy I looked like i had on a gunny sack ! Me and < PROPFEMALE > had a good laugh though . You know they are bad when a 4 year old tells ya you look funny ! 
Is gratfull for people who stop to help strangers stuck in snow banks ! 
Almost finished painting < PROPMALE>'s new room , then since Cedar will be moving into his old room im gonna have to paint that one , and then I'll need to repaint Cedar's old room that < PROPFEMALE > will have to herself now , to match her new bedding stuff . Anyone want to help ? Ill let ya ! 
Stuff i hate ! < PROPFEMALE > Sand , Lego's , and Play Doh ! 
Can adults have A.D.D ? Im in the middle of rearanging my front room and iv lost interest . I guess ill go find another project and when i loss interest in that one maybe the front room will be interesting again . 
If you are or were proud of your Daddy for all the things that he has helped you with , taught you how to do , was there whenever you needed him to talk to and is a blessing to you each and everyday , copy this to your status . ? I know I have the best Dad in the whole world !!! 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my h ... eart . Re-post if you have a loved one in Heaven . ? 
Wow ! snow ? what a surprise , and relief . I was so worried it was all going to be gone some time this year ! :( ...... ( < PROPMALE > Gore is such a liar ! ) 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough ppl to make it worth the effort .... 
Its the time of year for shorts and sweat shirts ! Yay ! 
Going jogging with a 4 year old following you on her bike does not work so well ! 
Thanks for the help with the economy Mr President . Thanks to your helth plan , my helth insurance went up $40 a month . &%#$&* 
Any one have a recipe for puff rice balls ? 
If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava , let'em go , because , man , they're gone 
Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights , even if you don't know what your rights are , or who the person is you're talking to . Then on the way out , slam the door . 
I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd like to see more and more planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system . 
headed in the wrong direction , to think highly of her when no one else will , to hold her as she cries , to < PROPFEMALE > her just because she wants to be carried , to give her a strong willful character , to show her that true love is unconditional , because without him she will have less in her life than she deserves . Thanks for teaching me all of this and more daddy , Happy Birthday , I miss you ! 
A Daughter needs a dad to show her how it feels to be loved unselfishley , to be the standard against which she will judge all men , who will influence her life even when hes not with her , to join her journey when she is too afraid to walk alone , who will let her know that while she may not be the center of someone else's world , she is the center of his , to pull her back when she is 
Dear Mother nature , I dont know why your so ticked off , but please go to anger managment ! Thats all . 
Its to cold to be the end of April , I'm heading to Vegas for the weekend ! 
Thanks girls for the fun trip to Vegas , had a blast hanging out with all you guys again . Can't wait tell next time ! 
I love spring . I love the flowers blooming , I love the birds twittering ; I love the squirrels scampering across my yard . I love the sound of werewolves howling in the distance . Oh wait , No just kidding . 
went with Jax on his K field trip today . I love that little man , and the age he is right now . He is so full of mischief and goodness , and not woried about acting COOL , not embarrassed to snuggle with me on my seat on the bus , and then hope over to the seat with his friends and wrestle and ruff house with them . I just want to freeze him at this age ! 
Mom your getting your paybacks . I think the most important lesson you taught me was to not procrastinate , but im really tired so ill finish this post tomorrow ! :) 
Did you know that Iowa is the only state name that starts with two \ 
vowels ? I did , cuz i just finished my 11 year olds state float that is \ 
due tomorrow . I feel so accomplished , its the first school project that I\ 
wasn't sent to bed by my mom before it was completed . 
Went with Cedar on her field trip yesterday . What an absoulutly beautiful kind hearted daughter i have . We went bowling and I had a great time laughing and triping over each other . She has a really fun group of friends . She still wants me around and thats awesome , not sure how long that will last . 
< PROPFEMALE > my 4 year old from the back seat of the car \ I cant wait tell my \ 
Thinking of my great dad today , and praying for some young kids who have just lost theres . 
Thanks for the Bday wishes everyone ! Love ya all ! 
I dont think my outside water is wet enough . 
Had a great day at Lagoon yesterday ! The Kids did awsome and didn't fight once ! < PROPMALE > did good too ! :) < PROPMALE > took the older kids part of the day while I took < PROPFEMALE > on the kiddy rides , then we all went to the water slides . Then I took the older kids on Wicked while < PROPMALE > took < PROPFEMALE > to the kiddy rides again . I did have to trick Jax to get him on the Wicked but he loved it after so I dont feel bad about the little white lie . 
Happy Fathers day to to my great hubby , who is a wonderful father , my daddy who i miss every day , my father in law who makes up for my kids only having one grandpa , and my brother and bro in laws , who all have mad fathering skills . And all the other fathers in my computer . 
Went golfing yeasterday , and apparently I dont have mad golfing skills . I guess everyone has to have something they arn't good at . :) ( Im blaming it on my boobs getting in the way ) 
Can't believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20 something this week . < PROPFIRST > WHO ? Here are a few 20 somethings worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 23 , ...... < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20 somethings ... ... gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support our troops 
My family had so much fun at Orangeville days this week ! So glad people are willing to put some hard work into making it like i remember celabration's being when i was a little girl . 
Had a great time school clothes shopping with my girls , we left the boys at home cuz they \hate shopping\ " . Only had one small melt down when < PROPFEMALE > had a temper tantrum cuz i wouldnt buy her the $40 pair of shoes she wanted . " 
Sigh , So not ready for school to start . The three oldest have gone off for higher education , and left me with the little sister that they spoiled all summer . I think its going to be a long day . Wish me luck ! I'm off for my first < PROPFEMALE > playing , tea party having , bug collecting , littlest pet shop finding , of the day . 
sigh Why do 6th graders HAVE to take band ? 
I hated it ! What an awful end to what started out as such a good series . 
went shopping for wedding dresses with my beautiful niece today . None of the Dresses did her justice but she did find a amazingly beautiful one ( well one that will be amazingly beautiful after its altered to fit the < PROPFEMALE > little thing ) Thanks for inviting me Steph its a memory that i will alwyas < PROPFEMALE > ! P.s good job waring underware that covered your bum . :) 
I love coaching but man am i worn out ! Off to another away game today . 
< PROPMALE > did an amazing job in his football game today , he was so fun to watch ! He had so many good plays . Good job < PROPMALE > ! 
Another win , good job girls ! 
My Baby turned 5 today ! :( took her to Gardner village to the Breakfast with a witch , and had so much fun ! Her and her friends faces were a crack up when the witches came and talked to them . What a < PROPFEMALE > beautiful sassy little thing she is ! 
A family down the street from us had a big fire in a fire pit in there front yard for tricker treaters , the kids could rost hot dogs and get warm by the fire before moving on with there trick er treating . What a cute idea ! 
took the kids trick or treating to my good friends house , she dosn't usually get trick or treaters at her house and they hadn't been home all weekend so she didnt have any < PROPFEMALE > , so she gave my kids a box of < PROPFEMALE > comb cereal ! He < PROPFEMALE > , i laughed and laughed and the kids thought it was pretty cool . 
It's BROTHER'SWEEK . If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuckup for you , drove you CRAZY , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and someone you can't do without , copy and paste this to your status !.... 
I am thankful for all my family , but today ill sing My oldest < PROPMALE>'s praises . < PROPMALE > is 11 and an awesome kid , he is so kind hearted and hates to see injustice . He has had a hard time the last few years watching kids and how mean they can be to others and figureing out how to handle it . 
Today im thankful for my Cedar girl , she is the most loving non drama 9 year old girl i know . She is a true friend , and never playes the i liked you yesterday but today im going to like this other person in stead . 
Today Im thankful for my funny Jax man . This little boy lights up a room when he smiles , and he is almost always smiling . Its his personal mission to make people laugh , and he does the job well . The only thing he is better at then being a little brother is being a big brother . 
Today i am thankful for my beautiful , sassy < PROPFEMALE > girl ! Im not sure how she fits all that spunk , and sass in her tinny little body , but wow how i love that naughty little girl ! She is sweet and loving but if your in trouble she makes sure you know it . 
Happy only one week left tell Black Friday everyone !!!!!! :) 
I really wish someone wouldn't have lied about globel warming , I could really go for some of that right now ! 
For all of you that dont get why anyone would go out on Black Friday i tell you this . The Deals are ok , but getting up at 3 in the morning and spending the day running , grabbing , and laughing with my sisters and mom is a pricless memory that i will have for ever ! 
Missing my daddy tonight , so glad i know that i will see him again someday . I dont know how you could get through life much less a death of a loved one if you thought that you would never be with them again . 
went and got our Christmas tree yesterday , had a great time and got a beautiful tree ! 
so I got some Minwax to put on my wood walls , and i cant get the flippen thing open , iv tried everything , and its really ticken me off , cuz i want to do it NOW ! Do you think its a bad thing to try hitting it with a hammer if it says combustible ? 
Picking < PROPFEMALE > up from pre school today , i over heard a little boy in the next class crying as i was walking out the door . When we got out to the car , him and the teacher came running out crying GRANDPA ! an older man turned and the little boy ran up to him and crying and holding out his arms said \we forgot to give each other a kiss and hug ! \"" 
I love watching my kids play sports ! good job on your bball games < PROPMALE > and Cedar , you both did amazing ! 
I want snow ! 
Love watching my Kids play basketball ! Its amazing how much better i like the sport when my kids do so well at it ! 
If your Dad was a hard working man and was your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER . If you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one DAD ? 
My beautiful Cedar turnes 10 today ! Where did the time go ? I love you sweet girl , im so proud of who you are and who i see you becomeing . Im so lucky that you are mine ! 
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved ! 
< PROPMALE > had his first to games last night in the basketball tourny , they did great and won both . They plaid back to back games so at the end of the secound game they were draggin and it was a close one but they have a great coach and they pulled it out ! Good job boys ! Now for Cedar's games tonight . 
Do things with passion , or not at all . Wherever you go , go with all your Heart . 
Both Cedar and < PROPMALE>'s Basketball teams took first ! And went the whole season undeafeted ! They did amazing and it was so fun to watch ! good job guys ! 
So sad < PROPMALE > isn't playing baseball this year ! :( 
We were visited by a leprechaun last night , and < PROPFEMALE > is really not impressed with what it did . She didnt want green milk and refuses to try it even though i tell her it dosn't taste any diffrant . And she dosn't like the fact that it kissed her ear and left a green spot , cuz she took a bath last night , and now she has to take another one ! 
\Making the decision to have a child is momentous . It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body . \ " \ 
