whoa ... i need to update this thing ... so don't know my way around here ... been myspacing too long .. lol 

aww it was good to see everyone last nite !!! so who's got the group pic tho .. i SOOO want one !!!! lol ... 
lmfao ... dumb gurls just gotta jump into my life , and now with my families lives .... that's when i step in and say something ... glad u recognize tho .. haha 
my babez just got his first bloody nose ... we cried together ... i don't like feeling helpless when my baby is crying cuz he got hurt , he's my heart ! 
i swear i go through < PROPMALE>'s clothes every month and it's so sad to get rid of his cute old clothes .. lol ... i cant believe my baby is a toddler !!! 
chilling at v's ... finally tryin to move past the drama everyone creates just cuz they see us together ... funny shit !!! luvs it !!! 
today was a beautiful day on the flathead rez ... plus me , Tyty , and < PROPFEMALE > went on walk .. made my sis too ... lol 
had a great mornin .... mmhhhhmmmmm ... lol , glad all my boyz are back in my life and i can have my MAN too , this could work lol 
geez i soooo thought we were dunzo with the snow ... ugh ... lol ... i'm goin back to bed then .. lol 
awww i'm startin to realize that he better realize how much i care for him since im dealin with the law that i try to avoid at all times .. hes an awesome man tho lol 
i luv today !!! lol ... guna have a good one just cruzin and luvn it !! WOO HOO !! haha 
sitting wishing waiting hoping .... can't wait to see my lil man dance his lil moccasins off tomorrow !! luvs him 
ugh ... tired , tired , tired , but these dreams i've been havin are crazy !!! too much on my lil mind probably ! lol ... so glad i'm a strong woman and can do everything ON MY OWN !! 
i'm soooo in love with my son , he amazes me everystep of the way every single day !!! hes da bestest !! i'm okay with my decision but having to stand alone can be tough sometimes , at least I have a family that will be here for me to make me feel better !! thankful beyond words 
i want nothing more for my godson < PROPFIRST > than for him to have his mommy til hes grown . my sis . in . law needs prayers for strength , WE JUST CANT LOSE HER !! 
i could really use a wish right now .. wish right now .... * lyn*ern*aust*alex * 
headn to pabz frm zoo , these last couple days hav been tough so im tougher !! < PROPFEMALE > needs prayers for her kidneys , thats all i wish n hope for !! 
YAY .... she's soooo strong and the news is slowly gettn better !!! i just want to hear her her laugh , < PROPFEMALE > has such an amazing laugh !! lol ... * < PROPFEMALE > *ern*aust*alex * 
seeing my dad and aust and ern tonite in that hallway made me realize i better brace myself for whats to come ... LORD PLEASE , we need that miracle , because I'm starting to lose my faith , hope , but not my love !! or my memories ... sooooo empty-like !!! 
Im soooo freaking happy !!!! omg ... < PROPFEMALE > is our miracle !!! Isn't it funny how when you give up hope and feel so helpless , God steps in and gave us our < PROPFEMALE > back !!! Thanks for all the prayers for < PROPFEMALE > , now we need prayers for a speedy recovery !!! < PROPFEMALE > s the strongest person I know ! ~ True Fighter !! luv my sis !!! 
so i guess im jus guna follow my heart in this one ... lol ... its lead me wrong before . but this time .... hmmm i jus dont worry lol 
ugh , cant stand how it seems nothing changes but my ruthlessness , i think i get colder and heartlss once i see just how awful l.i.f.e can be , i need a < PROPFEMALE > disposition to kick in !!! 
awww ... it makes me wanna cry when i look @ my sons swollen head and eyes , @ least he can open his eye now !! im glad i have such a good intuition .. even tho psychos who dont kno anything about kids says im paranoid its glad i know IM RIGHT !! haha 
sitting in msla at the hospital ... wished i could go back in time .. I just want my sis . inlaw to be healthy again , just like when i was a lil girl and she was always so crazy and full of energy , laughing constantly .... lord please ... I COULD REALLY USE A WISH RIGHT NOW , WISH RIGHT NOW , WISH RIGHT NOW !!! * lyn*ern*aust*alex * 
ugh ... my phone ... lol , no charger and no contact with anyone ... oh wells i guess .. BREAKTIME ... but i really just wanna sip and < PROPFIRST > !! uhhh ohhh 
missin that one ... and the one , lol , but i know it will all work out how its meant to be !! yay im so excited to see the next chapter cuz im over this one , oh and fyi in the next chapter < PROPFEMALE > is better , soooo prayers plz , cuz their workin !!! 
my son and i are havin a heart to heart in the middle of the nite lol , hes the bestest babyman in this world and has really changed ME into someone im proud to be ! luv my son and being a mommy !! 
already missing my family as it was ..... thanks for all the prayers for those that did , means a lot to us ... and now just prayers for my brother and my nephews , and that < PROPFEMALE > has a safe journey home ! RIP < PROPFEMALE > moran !! 
My head hurts something bad but it stems from the brokeness of mine and my families hearts I luv u < PROPFEMALE > moran 
ugh ... im finally coming out of the shell ive put around me ... im alive and i will do my best to be the best mommy just like < PROPFEMALE > . whew ... one of the worst weeks EVER .. thanx sharinda , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , n grace ... u guys helpd me thru ur words . luv u guys !! 
i luv my family and closest friends ... glad to get rid of those people i see cud careless bout me .. good riddance bitches lol ... luv . this . life . 
somedays are good n somedays are bad , hate these days cuz i wished more than anything things were different ... luv my family and i cant seem to get over this sadness ... 
mmmm had an awesome dinner with my dads old boss ( before dad became THEboss ) lol frm portland n it makes me wanna move thers .. good to them , theirlike grandparents ... now me n < PROPMALE > watchn upside down show ... luv hims my heart !! 
up n att . em early ... lol ... jealous of who my moms gets to c allday ... lol ... be still my little heart lol , tytys soooo not budging yet ... he luvs sleepn in .. lol 
camping ... luvs sleepn wit fresh air blowin thru my hair lol ... well thru the motorhome that is ... luvs my sun . sun cuz he luvs me so much hes squezzd next to me on a cushion barely big enuf to fit my ass haha 
everytime i see my son , the world makes sense , i luv workn but i miss him sooo much < PROPFEMALE > i hav to work doubles , wheres my sugar daddy , & not like the lastons , i want one i ACTUALLY like haha 
just wished i didnt hav this flu , my poor belly , and i HATE not having ty . ty next to me , cant sleep without my munchkin 
okay , over being sick n over this couch , but im likin losin the lbs cuz i cant eat lol , ugh work tomoro , shud i feed ppl < PROPFEMALE > im this sick ? lol can viruses transfer to foodplates ? 
ugh im so over this flu .... i jus wanna eat , layn on the couch watchn my fam barbeque , not cool , but the hail was awesome ... been yrs ! 
just watchd kort n kloe in miami ... n i dont see y its hard for women to leave ... i ALWAYS do .. at the exact moment i wont accept bullshit , it only hurts a week @ most lol ... then its , ON2thaNEXT1 
hmmm ... so shud i just go for it ... cuz im thinkn those lips look irresistable lol ... mmmhhmm 
that one .... thats pretty much all thats on my mind lol 
yup yup ... i knew i would luv this feeling ... UH OH !! LOL ... 
mmhhmmmm ... luvn this life ... now off boating ... ugh its bad cuz i think bout him ... UGH gotta stay FOCUSED lol .. 
jus bein next to him is amazing ... hes the most beautiful man alive ... 
whoa lol .... i think it was the shooting < PROPFEMALE > we both got to see ... luv makn these memories , scaredjusalilbit 
how can one day be sooo good than the next be icky , ugh , my hearts sad today ... the thing i hate most about losing people close to heart is the days u really wanna see them or talk to them n u CANT , oh but i cud almost hear what u wud tell me lol : } gunamissourtalks tilwemeetagain 
hes about all thats on my mind n hes right here ... lol ... mmmhmm 
k so ive made all the bestest choices , but now im left with sum more lol .... but so far im finally luvn life ... n everyones that come into it ... stoked ! n i luvs this perfect time n place 
yay , on r way to shoot , luvs it , but this fall has been the best , well besides sum messd up decisions ill never let go but my hearts finally happy 
monday .... enough said .. 
y is it jus bein here is the best feeling in the world ? never felt this but i like its consistency lol 
awww ... luv watchn him w . his bff who jus got bak but i MISS .. ashlee like crazy !!! :( gotta luv his smile tho , it will get me thru lol 
lastnite was nice ... jus like everynite i guess ... we need new hobbies lol ... i cant wait for him to get bak so eat , cuddle , sleep 
so much for the sleep .... lol .. @ least i got breakfast lol ... bein the third wheel w . him n his bestie , wheres my girl time ? lol 
xcitd for this wkend ... first time in a looonnngg time , everything is the perfect fit , jus < PROPFEMALE > i became cynical lol 
moody nite lasnite lol ... but i guess thats wats bound to happen < PROPFEMALE > we hav been together ALL the time ... but outa the last month , only one pissy moment , thats sweet ... but afterwards its the bestest lol ... yup yup 
lmao ... had a GREAT nite , besides lack of fundage lol , it was either work or stay in bed w . sexy , well DUH lol ... livn off luv n enjoyin pizza hut in bed , this is y wer inseperable . mmmhhmm yummy 
glad to say good riddance summer 2010 .. luvn my fall . time tho .... lol , gotta luv these best moments of my life after the shittiest summer < PROPFEMALE > 
so apparently ppl luv to make up rumors when their wondering what im really doing , crazy the stories i hear bout my life ... lol WHAT U KNO BOUT THAT 
havn an awesome nite .... mmmm homecookd food ... the bestest !! had a blah day but now .... mmm .. holdn it in as we speak ... luv this life 
yay , were havn an awesome day ... but just wishd every day cud be this good lol 
so loss is somthing u never lose .... we will always < PROPFEMALE > our luvd ones n hate the day we lost them , sooo dont understand life or death .... UGH 
layn on couch watchn movie ... the < PROPFEMALE > went bak to sleep lol hes so crabby w . out good sleep , im starvin , cravn sum banana peppers n hot dog lol 
layn down while lilchuck naps lol , boys r gone n i get a LIL bit of mandy . time then off to msla !! 
yay i got to see my ASH tonite , needed a hug from my bestie , its horrible i needed gas money jus so we cud meet ash ... hate money n need a job or a hustle of sum kind 
relaxn watchn movie while boys get things ready for trip ... yay im happy to hav a change of scenery 
geez im so ready for a change ... god plz answer my prayers ... cant struggle like this nemore ... need to focus on me 
havn an awesoME day w . hottie , surprised we havnt argued lol 24/7 w . sumone can b stressful , but WE glide thru .... gets to see my babyman !! 
i hate apologies yet ive never apologized more in my life ... lookn to my future tho cuz my past has been good but the futures guna define me 
ugh over dumb ppl who just cant realize their problems yet have time to sit around pointing out others 
i don't really feel like letting any assholes ruining this beautiful day ... lmao ... so i know it's guna be a GOOOOD one !!! lol 
layn in bed w . the handsomest native boy EVER ... myTY . TY lol , he just crashd n im still wide awake ... ugh bein a good girl is boring lol 
ugh i soooo wished my itunes workd !!! i need new cd's burned .... n i hav no idea how to go about fixin it ... hmmm .. jus go watch kardashians i guess lol 
Happy Birthday Madre !!!! Thanks for bringin me into this crazy world and enduring these past 30 ... ( no i'm not 30 YET !!!! ) years as the best mommy I cud ever ask for .... even IF !! lol Jokes Luv u audrianne moran !!! 
enjoyin this cloudy day ... lol .. especially when the people in it MAKE me happy !!! 
mmm ... nothin like sum < PROPMALE > harper in the morning .... lol ... luv his voice ... but i wishd there was a beach outside , not the brush of < PROPMALE > lol .... 
ive realized ive made some bad choices , done things i shouldnt have , hurt people i care the most about , @ the same time though , my honesty still stands almost as tall as my pride , and at this point in my life , i wont make promises anymore , im going to prove to my doubters how good of a person i can be ... and \ACTIONS speak louder than words !!!! \"" 
YAY ... my bestie Ash is coming home today !!!! can't wait to see her and < PROPMALE > and ky lol !!! 
m.i.a. and off the rez i go ... :) oh BUT ash , as soon as u touch base CALL lol 
had a good weekend just chilling with my handsome son Tyty ... n thankful Ash came to town ... miss my sanity when she's gone lol 
i hate it when ppl flip out on me , even worse when i didnt do anything to deserve their psycho-ness lol ugh sometimes i wishd i could disappear :( 
finally feelin a lil better lol ... guna veg out w . the fam !! 
if it makes you happy .... it can't be that bad !!! 
i sooooo need a new phone , so if i'm m.i.a. u kno where i can be found .. lol ... and as for this legal system , how can no one at that courthouse know whats REALLY going on ... ugh .. double jeopardy 
cant sleep ... got something on my mind ... ugh lol , tytys snoring away n i wishd my phone wud ring lol 
layn next to my baby realizing hes a toddler ... i want a newborn agn :) 
okay one down ... one more to go ... UGH i hate seeing so many people in uniform in one day !! 
geez already accomplished all i had set out to do today in one stop on one trip NICE !! lol laundry time ... ugh !! 
finger crossed .... plz plz pretty plz ....!!! 
i wonder why i can't just be honest with my self about things , and the things i wished I could say ... i would just say them !!! ugh lol but as for everything else ... at least it's all PERFECTION !! lol guna be a good weekend !! :) 
friday nite and i'm chilln with babyman ... he's such a sweetie , but i sure as hell wanna do SOMEthing tonite ... im FEELING in the mood LOL 
chilln in bed w . sum yummy hot chocolate !! mmmm n watchn a movie ... being a good girl gets boring lol ... but worth knowin i'm stayin out of trouble ... just lonely :( 
at home realizing a lot about people and who is really there for me and who just uses me for their benefit ... fukkemall 
up n at em since six ... like whoa , teach me to go to bed before 7 lol , ive realized im over tryin w . people cuz they do nothing but make me learn to hate !! fukluv lol 
yay .... my music is workn on itunes finally !!!! now i gotta make a badass cd so i can go on a c&b cuz lord knows i need it !! broken hearted ... as always ... grandparents just luv to steal the luvofmylife !!! and then i end up lonely and sad w . out him ~ ~ lol 
yah .... i'm realizing what i REALLY want ... had a great cruise !! :) now chilln w . my babyboy ! 
ugh court ... n if things dont seem better afterwards ... then fukitol ... over this 
i know what it is that i want , now it's just going about getting them , and in the exact way I want them !! lol 
k this is the most irritating thing .... i guess my only choice left is just get back whats mine RIGHT NOW then .... 
glad i got see you one last time last wedns . first time in a long time ended up being the last ... & to kno that old drama does end , my heart breaks for the kiddos but most of all cuz its so wierd knowing your someone i'll never see again ... :( 
hmmm .... to follow my heart ... yupyup stem a'spus ... happybday onna , i remember the day you were born and i got to hold you 2nd ... im such a proud auntie ! 
felt horrible saying my final goodbye then having to go to anger management ( lol ) and walking by where i last seen you .... rest easy , thanx for the memories ... sum of my fave stories lol craziness !!! 
in a better mind frame today ... like WHOA !... but now jus realizn i quess i can't try to pretend w . ones that know me so well .. they jus get the game i'm playn .. hmmm ... happy girl !!! 
geez , we gotta carve those pumpkins today ... papa keeps buyn em and none are carved ... ugh n a i guess meemee wins , < PROPMALE > will be a cowboy ... i really wanted a boxer , next yr i guess ... lol 
lmao ... wow that relieved sum stress ... haha 
its been an experience ... n ive enjoyed it , just rolln wherever the wind takes me .... good times :) 
the rain feels perfect .... 
had an awesome day shoppin .... cept pickn stuff out for my niece sky n my great nephew bummd me out cuz i totally want another baby !! 
ahhhh ... my beds never felt sooo good , thats wat i get for stayn out til 7 this morn lol ... too old ... time to get SERIOUS haha 
i think < PROPMALE><PROPMALE>'s hugs are the bestest medicine !!! i asked if he was mommy's baby < PROPMALE > ? no Toddler < PROPMALE > ? NO MOMMY'S LIL MAN ! he's sooooo cute !!! 
bakin sum pumpkin spice cookies but after this , my dad's eating only HEALTHY !! whippn him back in shape !! cuz i just hearts him sooo much 
tyty got a new horse , not alive , but it sounds like it ... and he's scared to death , runs to the room at the other end of house and slams door shut ! lol gotta get him not so scaredy cat-ish lol 
had a good day w . ALL my favorite people in it somewhere through out the day !! lol but my lil TYTY is the main one who makes me feel like a million bucks ... but geez chasing him around the bleachers at the game ... not so kewl .. lol 
YES !!! the bestest day ... now finally relaxin eatn sum bubblegum ice cream frm the COVE and watchn Mean Girls ... havn't seen it in forever !! mmm n mexican food is on it's way home !! 
The tragedy of life is what dies inside us while we live . 
just luv chillin n listenin to music while tyty FINALLY naps ,.... geez he's a stubborn lil guy ! lol 
FinALLY got A phone that works ... but its takn forever to figure out .... luvs how cute it is tho . Oh yah and YAY BOBCATS 
Today was a good day cuz tyty was the happiest lilman ... he played basketball ALL DAY tho ... lol can't wait until spring already .... ugh snow 
Those roads suck .... EVERYWHERE !!! I actually had to pay attention and use both hands ... 
Using this touchscreen with gloves is not possible ... ugh its too cold . 
So far 2010 has been the worst so of course thanksgiving sucks too ... ugh REALLY ... 
Yah ... so not the way I wanted my Friday night ... stuck in a snowy ditch .... brrrr ... and it totally brought flashbacks of hwy93 wreck .. ugh ... where's my towtruck 
Yum I finally get to eat leftovers ... then nap time w . Tyty he's such my lil heart . The only true love and happiness I've ever felt 
Really ... my back AGAIN .... ugh this is lame .... 
I knew with my family history and with the way I treat my body that I would eventually have to care ... but Im not even 30 ... 
Geez tys only 2 and he kicks my butt at basketball AND golf .... he better realize he best pretend to lose at golf to make mommy happy LOL 
Lmao ... I Think its ironic when people criticize others on here ... talk shit ... etc . when in all reality , they look stupid for even saying anything ... lol 
well .... today calmed my mind a bit .... at least we caught all of this early enough , maybe i won't have to get as bad as my mom and aunties !!! 
Much better ... I guess not following my morning routine wasn't smart ... lol .... 
Well I'm still super full .... good dinner meimei !! I just love my family so much !! Now some ME-TIME lol 
Omg ... just watched teen mom on dvr and Isaiahs family is the worst < PROPFEMALE > . supportive family ever . Especially being that their all women . hateful women 
Awww I love my adorable baby boy ..... he amazes me every day .... my heart 
Yay .... half way done beading tyty s < PROPFIRST > emblem ..... made today go by fast .... mmm .... now some a&w :) 
&& I <3 my life today cuz I'm reminded of what's really important .... my son . son <3 
Finally watching eat . pray . love ..... and < PROPFEMALE > is just snoring away . she's so cute ... my bebegirl is 10 in human yrs but acts like a spoiled pup still 
I havnt eaten all day so dad picked us up McDonald's ... all I wanted was a < PROPFEMALE > pie ... they were out . But mmmmm ... holiday pie is awesome !!! 
Can't sleep ... I was ill all day and now that I feel better I'm amped lol I guess ill bead until I crash 
I feel extremely content today ... tyty just crashed out and time for me to get beautified for < PROPFIRST>'s game , just in case t.l.o.m.l. is there <3 lol 
Awww .. Alex did a great job ... nice 3 pointer after stealing the ball !!! Proud god mommy/ auntie now time for msla !!.. & still lookn 4 t.l.o.m.l. 
Debating on staying up until 3 just to watch ECLIPSE .... wished I lived in msla I'd just go buy it now ... lol I'm sooo excited to see what happens .... team < PROPFIRST > 
Woah ... super lazy today ... shouldn't have stayed up all night ... && I switch to team < PROPMALE > lol ... 
Yay I love lazy days .... made some oatmeal for faja and Ty . Ty and I'm craving a big juicy cheeseburger ... lol ... then a nice hot bath !! 
&& my lil hearts sad again ... 
There's not a lot of people who truly have good intentions with everything they do ... people who are truly GOOD people are rare to find ... much <3 < PROPFIRST > :( 
&& he makes everything better ... EVERYTHING .. <3 myty 
Mmmmm trail mix with raspberries is the shitt !!! I luvs it !! 
Lmao ... cranberries ... 
Went and got Ty . Ty and he says ... mom I want hamburger . Hamburger fries and chocolate milk .... lol ... and I don't have the heart to say no .... lol ... 
Roads are horrible ... black ice scariest thing ever .... omg ... right where we wrecked ... ugh thank God for answering my prayers !! 
Aww ... the best thing is watching my dad tell me a story about Ty . Ty ... his eyes light up with love and admiration ... 
Ugh .. sometimes peoples words hurt me sooo badly . Especially when they come from family . I guess I don't have anyone around this rez . Let's go < PROPMALE > !! Hatemigraines 
<3 live && let live <3 * SHAKE ME DOWN * ... not alota ppl left around*in my past bitterSWEET ... tasted blood ; broken dreams lonely times indeed*even < PROPFEMALE > cloudyday 
Yay .... get a mini vacation ... lol .. need a break from this time & place .... mmm and good food !! 
Fresh out of pool ... Ty . Ty had so much fun swimming ... his happiness and joy on his face during this trip gives me a better Outlook on life ... thanx baby . boy . <3 
What a good weekend .... wished they could all be like this one lol ... I <3 my ty ... he's the bestest !!! 
I wished I lived in a big city where when I go to store and gas station I don't see anyone I recognize . I miss that feeling .... here I'm like \ugh their in here \"" 
I couldn't sleep all night ... I'm so excited for my daddy ... another half hour and he will have one of the biggest stories of his life ... I want a pic of them !!! 
Awww .... tyty used the big potty ..... yay ... now to get packed for a weekend gateway !! Luvn life w . My boy 
Travel prayers for my dad plz .... coming back from D.C. after attending the second ever tribal nations mtg w . President Obama . Very proud of u faja !!! <3 
Swam all night and all morning ... now for some yummy food .... brrrrrrr outside 
Not only was it awesome to have my family all wknd in this suite ... but it felt great never having to worry about time . In fact ... were ALL still up ! <3 
Mmmmm ... a lil taste of pure bliss ... <3 * my*monday 
On my way to get my lil man ... yay !! He cheers me up lol ... but ugh my gas lights come on 3 times today . Hate being broke ... 
Ugh court .... n I forgot bout construction .... yah I'm late 
I guess I knew court wouldn't go good on today .... <3 azeria faith , luv u my heart , and that's where u should stay <3 
Oh my gosh .... so much wrapping to do .... later lol 
Picked < PROPMALE > up and he says .... I wanna see Alex ... yesterday it was colecash . As < PROPMALE > calls him . He must be missing his cousins <3 
Up w . A sick lil man ... just out of e.r. and he's at least keeping things down now ... * fingers crossed * 
Mmmm ... finally eating madres Indian taco .. what a good Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Tyty opened his first present < PROPFEMALE > r on his own .. he's getting so big .. thanx auntie lene n fam 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ... I feel blessed and wish everyone a good day w . Loved ones !! 
Sick ....... n I hate it ..... 
On my way to get babyman n McDonald's , then back to couch . I'm still illin :( 
I sooo want to follow my heart ... it misses him . But my pride always keeps me out of trouble lol 
I thought this was a two day flu ... I don't think I can take this 
Anyone want two dogs ... NOW . I can't stand lookn at them cuz they chewed Ty . tys horses up !! Ugh .. 
Lmao ... I wished I only had brothers .... their all awesome caring people ... so is lene tho . Thanx to the family that has been there !! 
Went to bed at nine hoping to sleep off this illness .... but seriously I'm sick ... I havnt ate since Xmas ... what's the longest anyone's had this flu ?? I'm worried 
Moran Christmas tonite ... hope I start feeling better .. miss all the loved ones that used to share Xmas w . Us 
Still sick ... my nephews are all . guna be here .... awesome first time ever !! <3 u < PROPFEMALE > miss u !! 
I <3 my family .... with all of me !! Now time for Lyns sticky buns recipe .. love seeing u in < PROPFIRST > n Aust tho !! 
Good bye 2010 .... worst year ever ... I have nothing to celebrate til midnite ... then yay .. 2011 !!! 
I guess I'm never supposed to be happy ... n I guess everyone can spout off their opinion ... as if I don't feel bad enough already .. giving up !! 
Ugh ..... a state line or just the other side of the state . Choices lol 
I guess I expected way too much again because 2011 is even worse .. now I have one less family member becuz apparently accidents make me worthless . Fuck everythin 
Awww ... tyty has a way to make me smile no matter what ... my lil <3 
I'm sooo over this ... every bit n piece ... ugh but !!!! 
Mmmmhhmmm ... sooo much better ... that shower was amazing ... tyty < PROPFIRST > a horse in the bath too !! 
Finally had a good day ... watchn some katt Williams ... hilarious !! 
Ugh ... the most gorgeous smile ever ... my lil <3 
Had a good lazy day ... and feel blessed meeting < PROPFEMALE > today !! My bff is the best mommy <3 !! 
Omg ... watching unsolved mysteries and ronan mt is on here .. Crazy 
Blessed w . The sweetest son ever . Without him I'd go crazy cuz I might actually care what people think of me ... but probably not lol 
I'm craving escargot sooo bad .. I can almost taste it lol 
Ugh why can't I get in contact w . These insurance ppl . Seriously im getn frustrated 
Having a nice lazy Friday night at home alone w . Tyty !! It's amazing how good of a team us two make :) 
Searching for the thrill of it ... say that its love , but to me , its fkn counterfeit .. I get done w . One and move right onto another one 
Watching Ponyo w . Tyman n I have no idea what this movies about but he lovers it lol 
I need a change in my life ... NOW . lol ... mmmm but for now mickyds then a nap 
Aww ... thank God for my dad ... who else wud bring me gas when I run out !! Bestest faja ever ! N I think I'm trading this truck in !! Gas !!! 
My baby is sooo sick ... AGAIN !! First time ever he fell asleep watching a movie ... n its only 8 !! Usually he's up til midnite lol 
Mmmmm ... < PROPFEMALE>'s!!! 
Stayed hungry all day so I could pig out at dinner ... Ricciardi's here we come !! I <3 crab !! Lol .... 
Mmmm asparagus ... lol then hopefully some sleep .. 
Music ... <3 <3 <3 heals me in some way ... and my favorite songs will tell u more about me than my own mouth will ... 
Mmmm ... I love bubble gum ice cream from the cove !!! 
Would a b.b. gun kill a cat ? 
Its been a good nite ... Cole playd good , saved a dogs life on hwy , and now w . My SONshine 
Stepping off the rez to get some SHOPPING therapy .. lol .. gotta get tys < PROPFIRST > for school :) luv msla 
These strong winds are keeping me awake ... so guna rent some movies then ... 
Awww ... thanks u guys ... all of u lol ... it made turning 30 easier ... that n shopping in the zoo all day lol ... thanks again !! <3 
How can I order netflix directly to my tv ?? Or it even possible lol 
Yay .... after 8 hrs and two trips to town and 3 almost huge flip outs ... netflix is hooked up n I <3 it .. weeds season 3 here I come 
Bummer ... roads r Shit so no trip to billings today :( 
Ive been up w . My sick baby since early am and now he's snoring but worried so I'm laying here watchn him breathe lol <3 MYty 
If ex's are still friends their either still in love or never were ... 
Yay ... gets to finally watch season 6 of weeds ... and vegg out on Mustard Seed and bubble gum ice cream 
Sad ... my sassycat is missing 2 days now ... 
Me n < PROPMALE > are getn stir crazy ... lol ... 6 days locked up in house .. I think tomorrow he'll b 100% <3 
Upnattem ... watchn < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > w . My lil man <3 
I need prayers for my tyty plz ... bad fall to head 
Me n tyty watching our fave movies ... ALL the Open Seasons !! Gotta take it easy today .... <3 bein lazy w . My B.S.F. lol 
Had a great day w . My family in msla !!! <3 shopping for < PROPMALE > more than I do for me !! Lol . Now to chill n watch Love&other drugs ... 
I want my next vacay spot to be Portland !!! haven't been in ten years !!! My favorite CITY on earth and i'm missing it ! Badly ! Best everything ever !! lol 
Awww . Chattahoochie is on radio . SeB ur always in my <3 
I luv my heating pad ... it does wonders for my back !! Guna watch burlesque n see if its worth buying 
Mmmm ... its been a day where I deserve lots of bubble gum ice cream !! :P 
Just missing you uncle < PROPFIRST > !! And I know ur always watchn over everyone !! <3 u !! Can't believe its 3 yrs . Miss u and luv u uncle ! 
A person can only take so much before they walk away ... after all . Why put up with Shit when NO ONE should have to !! 
Ugh my dish keeps losing signal and its beautiful out . Wishd one of my bffs were here ... lol 
<3 having my SONshine w . me 24/7 ... ordered lunch and now he's watchn chuggington and I rentd The Switch .. cmon satellite plz work lol 
When I finally get done doing something really important like todays paper ... I get an instant migraine ... strangest thing ... but it sucks ... 
Leavn msla FINALLY ... lookd everywhere n nothing stunning anywhere . Lol . I wanna go shop in spokane !! 
Ugh . My head hurts .... too many thoughts lol . Ready for bed ... its been a looonng day 
Omg I'm in love !!!!! \ 
\ 
I swear Starbucks green tea frapp is the bestest !!! 
Falling in love with this iPad . I think i might have to get one this weekend !! I hope the ipad2s are available now .. 
Awww ... my lil man is really my <3 , he's cuddled up super close while we watch < PROPMALE > and the chipmunks lol .. here's to him watching quietly through it all ... haha 
Having a family night watching yogi bear w . < PROPMALE > and glued to this iPad lol 
Watching campus pd's reminding me of 8 yrs in university n skc I never dealt w . Them even all the crap I did . Lol lucky I guess . Thank goodness . The one time they tried to get us I made ash run from them lol memories 
Thank God for honest people .. I hope that random man is rewarded in return . He taught me a lesson ... what's right .. is right ! < PROPFEMALE > works in good ways too !!! <3 
Awww . Tys first words when I grabbed him were I like your hair ... he's the bestest lol 
Crazy how much two months can make me sooo strong and confident in myself . Glad to see who and what is important .. :P 
K I'm ready for bed already ... lol 
I'm getn so excited to go see my family in < PROPFEMALE > !!! Already got tys and my niece alyonna's baskets made <3 
Nothing better than my famous asparagus before bed ... cures my hunger cuz its so yummy lol 
