HOLY CRAP JUST SAW A CAR THAT HAD FLIPPED AND OBLITERATED A MAILBOX THAT WAS CRAZY 

Happy New Year ! Hello 2011 ! 
just finished touring my sister's house . . . again 
just bought a new guitar : ) 
stressing over college auditions tomorrow : ( 
college auditions went well , I think I got in : ) 
just fixed the lawnmower 
have a very Happy Easter , everyone ! : ) 
we had a full symphony orchestra in church today , it was cool : ) 
just went to the Thunder game : ) 
went cello shopping today : ) 
ugh AP calc mock today 
i got the < PROPFIRST>'s scholarship from the college of engineering at OSU !!!! : ) 
no more calc tests !!! : ) 
got a 5 on the Calc mock : ) 
AP calc test in the morning and college final in the afternoon , tomorrow is going to great ... ugh 
ap calc is over !!! : ) 
just got back from the iron man 2 midnight showing and i have a physics test first thing in the morning , that's going to be great 
just finished with my grandmother's 90th Birthday party , time to start cramming for AP physics 
no more AP ! : ) 
is worried about his grandmother , who has been in the hospital since 5:30 
one day left !!! 
graduation is finally here !!!! 
i got ketchup on my bluejeans , i just burned my hand . lord it's hard to be a bachelor man . i got girls that can cook , i got girls that can clean , i got girls that can do anything in between . i gotta get ready , make everything right . ' cause all my rowdy friends are coming over tonight ... er ... this morning ! 
last orchestra concert at north was awesome !!! 
last orchestra banquet at north : ( 
on my way to Stillwater to enroll 
enrollment is done , i'm officially a cowboy : ) 
my dog is freaking out because of the thunderstorm , and her bedroom is right next to mine ... so much for getting any sleep tonight 
went cello shopping today ! : ) 
just found out what happens to a violin when it has been in an attic for 14 years 
yawn ... this is too early for work 
has , \I Walk the Line\ " stuck in his head " 
250 down 450 to go ... ugh 
just found a version of \Desperado\ " by < PROPFIRST > Cash " 
rode in a < PROPFIRST > that was up to its windshield in water , i don't know how we made it out of there without getting stuck 
is sick of crt monitors 
spent 14 hours today helping my sister move , and i have to spend the entire day tomorrow helping her move as well ... ugh 
just got the audition music for orchestra next year 
yes fingers finally healed !! can now play cello again : ) 
today was the best day of work ever !!! : ) 
gonna go buy my cello today !! yes !!!! 
built a fence today 
Happy 4th of July ! 
why can't i find a copy of the Million Dollar Quartet anywhere !! 
no longer do the \majestic\ " Netvista's roam the halls of the < PROPMALE > Public School System . their dying breed has finally gone the way of the 300gl's into extinction . " 
is it wrong that 20% of the songs on my ipod are by < PROPFIRST > Cash ? 
off to Camp Cowboy ! : ) 
camp was a blast , but i'm home now . 
5 on AP calc and 3 on AP physics , yes !! 
decided on the name Pace for my cello , it means peace in Italian 
i'm finding that my cello practice sessions are becoming increasingly short 
You build on failure . You use it as a stepping stone . Close the door on the past . You don't try to forget the mistakes , but you don't dwell on it . You don't let it have any of your energy , or any of your time , or any of your space . If you analyze it as you're moving forward , you'll never fall in the same trap twice . 
today was my last day of work , thank God . now i have just one more day to go through and then it's off to Stillwater !!!!!! : )))) 
yes !!! moving into stillwater today !!!!! 
all moved in and settled , i love stillwater !!! 
watching the dark knight in surround sound , so freaking awesome 
glad the audition is over 
first day of class was today , was neither good nor bad , it just was 
has the worst freaking luck on the face of the damn planet !!! 
so in my chemistry lab there is another person named < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . what are the chances of that happening 
Racquetball tennis is an incredibly fun , potentially hazardous game 
how ' bout them cowboys !!!! 
i forsee problems in my chem lab ... 
GO POKES !!!! 
one of my friends managed to convince another of my friends , not naming names here , that football players eat knives for breakfast 
go away cold , i'm tired of feeling like crap 
i have determined that i shall go to voodoo tomorrow to see if the witch doctors can cure my cold 
thanks to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for washing my laundry for me ! 
my room mates are boring , they left the game in the middle of the third : \\ 
today was the worst sunday that i have ever gone through : ( 
12.5 hours studying in one day is a good way to turn you into a braindead monkey 
was saved by my backup alarm today 
100 on the first chem test , now if i could only do that on the calc and law exams tomorrow 
20 hours over 3 days of studying for law , and I still think I'm doomed 
calc was a breeze , but law was terrible . i knew the answer to each of the questions but i ran out of time on the second half of the second-to-last question and the last question i had to completely rush through . so i won't be to suprised if i don't do well 
I was in the car with some friends , and I asked if anyone wanted to come up to my room and < PROPFEMALE > ortman was all like YES !!!!!!!!!! 
is pissed 
My roommate , < PROPFIRST > , thought < PROPFEMALE>'s last name was obsgood until just now . Bahahahahahahaha 
Ho di hi - hi di ho all over ho ho 
got an 86 on his law essay and a 90 on his law test !!!! : ) 
one of my friends had their status as \standing on the edge of a cliff\ " so i poked him " 
There was banana bread at the market buffet , so I took half a loaf back to my room : ) 
FOOTBALL !!!!!!!! 
we won yay !! way to go < PROPMALE > Young , hero of the game !!!! 
grilled burgers for my friends tonight , or would that be last night ? 
Law video ... must ... resist ...... urge ......... to ............. zzzzzz 
The sound of an alarm clock is such a soul crushing sound 
just had to install a new car battery 
chem exam went better than expected 
< PROPFIRST>'s cups make very good cereal bowls 
FOOTBALL !!! 
ALABAMA LOST !!! 
dear computer , please stop sh ! tting yourself . sincerely , me ? 
Earthquake , fun fun 
yay ! fun dip !!? 
so apparently cad design next semester is going to be a bitch .... wonderful ? 
GO COWBOYS !!! 34-17 OSU 
I love my programming class , lecture lasted all of 15 minutes 
< PROPFIRST > bieber is getting sued for slapping a12 year old bahahahahahahaha 
86 on programming midterm :-/ 
getting ready to go wait in line for FOOTBALL !!!!!? 
I beat my goal . I wanted to get in line at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > . Well I'm in line now and it is still plenty dark out . 
the sooners and longhorns lost . only redeaming features of a terrible weekend .? 
THUNDER !!!? 
97 on calc exam : ) 
how ' bout them cowboys !!!? 
Never seen more golf carts than when I went trick-or-treating in oak tree . That includes the times I've been golfing 
writing a law paper , makes me want to drop-kick a baby :-\\ ? 
qeGwrpoqwuiOyephvwnqegDhbqwpiefgDbApqifbwbMNefpibweTeeHhgtIpagpSahbFgUpaCKibdvINawbGiegLtpiwAvyWbpi PvnApPwiebEhgjfhjRfgqToiqOhpaHshghEadpfLhapohgLpasohgpahgagwqegqww 
Feels like a brain dead monkey 
Is glad he didn't skip chemistry today 
sorry < PROPMALE > potter , you are no longer the number 1 book on my list ? 
I feel lonely . Where'd all the other Big XII South teams go . 
92 on law test and 90 on law paper . Hell yes ! 
85 on chem test :-/ 
gunnmen right next to my dorm ..... awesome 
likes being able to write computer programs to do my calculus homework for me 
tombstone ? hell ya ! 
always nice when you figure something about programming out that event the head < PROPFEMALE > didn't know :-) 
HOW ' BOUT THEM COWBOYS !!!!!!! Winning in < PROPFIRST > for the first time since ' 44 !!!! GO POKES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Loves it when the group next to me in chem lab does the experiment wrong and produces toxic gas 
finally finished my programming code !!!!!!!! :-)))))))) 
is it normal for one's fingertips to be grey ? 
today is going to be long and painful ..... wonderful 
calc was cancelled this week , excellent :-) 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! 
Victory is mine ! Shopping at walmart at midnight is a great way to get good movies for cheap . :-) 
YES !!!!!! BOISE FALLS TO < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Our father who < PROPMALE > in Stillwater , Gundy be thy name . For games we've won , and battles done , on the road as it is at home . Give us this day our weekly win , and forgive us our penalites , as we defeat those who play against us . And lead us not into devastation , but destroy the crimson evil . For thine is the program , the pride , and the orange power forever . Amen ... 
well cowboys , it's hard to win when you don't run your unstoppable offense that you've run all year , it's hard to win when you don't capitalize on picks , it's hard to win when you don't throw to the number 1 reciever in the nation , it's hard to win when you give up two 80+ yard touchdown receptions in the last 3 minutes . as for you sooners , good game , good win , now go kick nebraska's ass ! 
Got a 99 on the law library project in my law class , which brings me up to a 92.6 in the class going into the final !!! 
my essay got canceled ! i got pie in celebration ! :-) 
well for better or for worse the chem test is over 
Ugh worst concert ever :-( 
Change your profile picture to one of your favorite cartoon characters and ask your friends to do the same . The point of the game ? To have no human faces on Facebook , only childhood memories by Monday to fight child abuse . Copy and paste to spread the word . 
Law class ended an hour early ! good day :-) 
finally finished the programming project . thank god 
writing my final law paper ... fun fun 
no more law class for < PROPFIRST > :-) 
dr. spurrier is the most awesome professor ever !!! 
midnight walmart run , what fun 
chemistry is over !!! and it didn't go nearly as bad as expected :-) 
i got an A in law !!!! time to do the happy dance !!! 
mmmm cold pizza and poptarts , breakfast of champions 
well that final goes to show that i shouldn't try and do calculus while 99% asleep 
got an A in chem , don't know how though ... 
Is happy to be home :-) movie night with the fam ! 
Is building a dvd shelf 
just fixed my parents internet 
And the dvd shelf is done 
Playing golf with pops :-) 
all grades are in and i end with a 4-point :-) 
kicked pop's butt at golf again today , hehehe 
Dear osu athletic department , please invest in a new shot clock . Sincerely , the osu student body 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
despicable me is freaking awesome ! one of the best movies i've seen , i almost died laughing !! 
San < PROPFIRST > bound ! Alamo Bowl , here we come ! 
At the riverwalk in san < PROPFIRST > waiting for game time ! 
Way to go cowboys ! 11 wins !! 
Goodbye nebraska ! Don't let the door hit you on the way out . Oh wait , it just did twice . Bahaha !! Way to go Washington Huskies , you made the Big XII proud ! 
Driven around , singing to the radio :-) good day 
headed back to stillwater in about an hour :-) 
On the road again ... 
back in stillwater :-) 
Go Cowboys great win !!! 
Is not feeling to well 
wow it's snowing 
good day :-) 
weeden and blackmon are back ! look out 2011 , it's on 
watching cmt's 40 greatest songs of the decade , good music :-) 
today is going to be a great day , i just know it 
i was right . today , or rather yesterday now , was a great day 
working on cad drawings what fun 
holy crap that was an awesome game ! way to go JP and the Cowboys !! 
Victory is mine ! Cello did not commit suicide this concert !! 
ah , what a good night :-) 
ugh this is to damn early for class !!!! 
ouch 
always remember the 10 
We are talking about vectors in physics , and it keeps making me think of Despicable Me 
The < PROPFEMALE > Bride ? Heck yes ! 
no class tomorrow !!! 
Just saw a couple of people riding horses through campus , only at OSU 
how ' bout them cowboys !!! 
haha victory is mine !! physics homework you are vanquished !!!! 
my physics professor just emailed the class to tell us the homework deadline was extended to monday ... this is information i could have used at oh say noon ... you know before i started my 9 hour physics binge ... ugh 
Go Pokes ! 
HOW ' BOUT THEM COWBOYS !!!! BEDLAM CHAMPS !!!!!! 
bedlam victory yesterday and dinner with < PROPFIRST > today ... can't think of a better weekend 
a winter forecast in oklahoma : 
well on the positive side of things i once again proved that dr. spurrier is the most awesomely amazing professor ever !!! and i got my honor contract in .... on the bad side that contract is not in my sports class like i had hoped but rather in physics ... wonderful ... and to top that off i am like uber sick yay !!! 
Is beginning to like the idea of cutting my lungs out with a dull spork 
ah a wonderful evening spent with my favorite person 
89 on honor calc 2 exam woo ! 
Has the most wonderful girlfriend ever ! Get well soon Baby ! 
Good game Cowboys , ya'll played a great game !!! It's not your fault that you had to play against two teams at once . 
Woo class ends early :-) 
Boom roasted ! Cad lab homework for next week finished in lab !! 
my hat broke :-( 
going to dinner with pops :-) 
the lights went out while we were playing a concert ... 
well this day has started wonderfully , first i hit my head on a counter and then i smash my finger in a drawer ... 
< PROPFIRST > Sutton has finally been inducted into the College Basketball Hall of Fame ! It's about time ! 
one test down , one to go . i hate walrus man with a burning passion for scheduling this test during a basketball game , espicially the last home game of the season . 
is in an extremely bad mood , damn freaking research paper 
i'm once again stuck on my research paper , ugh what else is new 
And the research paper is done ! my outlook on life just went way up :-) 
mmmmmm hot wings and sushi :-) 
I've discovered where hell is , it's on Neptune ! Neptune's solar year is 89,666 Neptune solar days ! Coincidence ? I think not . 
Go Pokes ! Beat Kansas !! 
that test sucked ... ugh my brain hurts 
Rest in Peace Judge Barnes , we're gonna miss you :-(((((( 
my hat got fixed , yay ! :-) 
well , at least i know the cause of my back pain now ... doesn't really change the pain though 
Go Cowboys !! 
How ' bout them cowboys !! 
Watching a knight's tale never gets old : change your stars 
It's tinker time ! 
Go Cowboy Wrestling ! 35 here we come !! 
Izzy , izzy , izzy , izzy , izzy , izzy , izzy , IZZY !! 
Just got back from Tulsa where i had a wonderful evening of mexican food and < PROPMALE > potte with my wonderful girlfriend < PROPFIRST > Foley . 
< PROPFIRST > and i matched today , it was kinda funny cause it wasn't planned or anything 
well i just managed to shoot myself in the eye with the laser from my mouse ... that takes skill ... and sleep deprivation ... 
what is it with me and odd food combinations this semester ? tonight it's sushi and bagel bites 
one more day , i just have to survive one more day then it's the weekend 
Got a 74 on my physics test ! 27 points higher than the class average , hell yeah !! 
Roads ? Where we're going we don't need roads . 
thin mints and cool whip ! how did i not make this delicious discovery sooner !?! 
I don't believe it . I'm on time to calc for the first time this semester ! 
feels kinda like a brain-dead monkey right now ... 
isn't feeling good today . lunch with < PROPFIRST > helped , but i still feel bad :-\\ 
bahaha that was an awesome concert ! 
got use to how easy the honors physics questions were , now i'm back to the insanely difficult regular physics questions ... doesn't that seem a little backwards ? 
Normal people believe that if it ain't broke , don't fix it . Engineers believe that if it ain't broke , it doesn't have enough features yet . 
congrats on the new baby boy to < PROPFIRST > Slagle and < PROPFEMALE > Slagle ! 
mmm nap :-) 
just played 2 never-ending games of racquetball with < PROPMALE > and i managed to roll the crap out of my ankle in the process 
ugh , today has sucked . it's kinda been boom-boom-boom-boom with stuff to do from the moment i woke up this morning . and i'm still not done ... ugh 
