So last night was ... interesting . 

Claires pictures of Greece really make me want to go there again ! Soon . haha . 
I really didn't need this right now . 
I need some coffee ! I'm exhausted 
Does not feel so great today . 
Excited today . :) 
Was determined to get things done today and what do you know ... company . Lots of company . Grr . :/ 
I don't even know what to say right now . 
We are going tubing down the Colorado on Friday and possibly tomorrow too ! Who wants to come ? 
Has a lot to think about ... Ugh . 
< PROPFEMALE > We are going tubing today ... anyone want to come ? We're leaving at 12 ... Call me if you'd like to go 
Tubing anyone ? 
Wishing I was somewhere else . 
Taking my neice swimming ! :) 
happy ! :) 
I love having the house to myself . :D 
O.k. Seriously ... isn't it supposed to be summer ? Why is there cloud coverage EVERYDAY and why am I cold right now ? 
Doesn't feel like doing anything tonight . 
??????? ??? ???? ????????? ?? ????? ???????. ?? ?????? ??? ????. 
Cooking . :) This might not turn out very well . 
When life hands you lemons , say fuck the lemons and bail . 
Meteor Shower ! in half an hour . :) 
Will be in < PROPMALE > tonight ! Yay ! 
Is off to a late start , but has a busy day ! A big ol ' red bull will make it better . :) 
Just left < PROPMALE > this a.m. and now I'm on my way back there ! Ugh . 
Is going for a little run , then the gym ! 
Will be completely moved to < PROPMALE > by tomorrow . :) 
I hate snow ! 
Went second job hunting today . Was very successful . :) 
TGIF !!!! I am so ready for tonight to get here ! 
Signed the lease on my apartment today ! Yay , go me . ;) 
Time seems to drag when you're excited about something that's coming up . Hurry up and get here Sunday !!! 
Brrrr !!!! The only fun thing about winter is going shopping for cute warm winter clothes . :) 
Is super duper anxious ! The coffee I'm drinking is NOT helping my situation !. haha . 
I'm super duper excited for next week ! 
Will be in Eagle next Wednesday . 
I really need a Vacation ... that lasts a few months ... somewhere tropic , Secluded and far far away from my job . LOL . 
Oh Starbucks . You sound so good fantastic right about now . Especially because I'm in dire need of waking up ! 
Can't wait for this week to be over already . Bring on the weekend . Please and thanks . :) 
I suppose I should get back to work now . Ugh . FML . haha . 
Made my coffee a little too strong this a.m. but I feel AWESOME ( and jittery) ! 
UGH !!!!! Is it midnight yet ? I must see New < PROPFEMALE > before I go crazy with anticipation ! 
Thirsty Thursday , Venti zebra mocha @ starbucks and New < PROPFEMALE > . Doesn't get any better than that ! 
AHHHHHH ! It's almost time ! Drinking Rolling Rock and waiting for midnight to roll around so we can go watch NEW < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Is so excited for black Friday . Which is probably not a good thing when you are poor . Oh well . 
Lead the life you want to live . Be the person you want to remember . Make decisions , take chances and make mistakes . If you fall , at least you tried ! 
Is thinking about driving to Eagle today .... I don't have to be to work until Thursday at 11 a.m. HMMMMMM .... tempting . 
Last night was SO much fun ! Let's do it again tonight ! :) 
2010 . We had some good times and bad times . Mostly bad , so I'm not sad to see you go . ;) \ 
\ 
Hope everyone has a wonderful New Years < PROPFEMALE > tonight and be safe out there for yourselves and others . Love you and see ya next year !!!!! HORRAY FOR 2011 ! 
2011 ! Hurry ! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 2011 , I am threatening you since now ! If things dont go my way ....!!!! ;) 
I need to stop playing on FB and get back to school work . haha . 
< PROPFEMALE > is being so attractive right now . MEOW !. LOL . 
I am sleepy . I think I will take a nap , and then I will wake up , and then I will go out . :) And then ...? 
Well , the stress of last week finally caught up to me . Woke up this morning with really bad flu symptoms . Cant miss work now though even if I want to . :( 
< PROPMALE > traffic at 5 p.m. makes me angry . I think the state needs to invest in a highway that only I can use , takes me to any destination and has no speed limit . That would be great . 
Spring Break is almost over . :( 
Its such a nice day . I think I'm gonna lay out in the sun today ! :) 
I ride my horse over a beautiful ranch . The air is wine . On a score of rolling hills are red with autumn flame across Sonoma mountain . Wisps of sea fog are stealing . The afternoon sun smolders in the drowsy sky . I have everything to make me glad , I am alive . ' < PROPFIRST > London ' 1913 < PROPMALE > Elen , California . 
Loving life right now ! 
Dear allergies . Please torture someone else . Sincerly , < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm so excited to get my massage table next week ! Anyone want a free massage ? 
< PROPFEMALE > ! I am scared ! I am in the kitchen !!!!! 
Me : < PROPFEMALE > !!! Its a monster truck ! < PROPFEMALE > : sounds like monter truck ! < PROPFEMALE > : why doesnt my car go ? Me : sounds like cargo . 
Is it bad that Im already wishing it was the weekend ... 
Great . Im stuck at work in the center of a severe tornado warning ! FML . 
Post it , so I can ' like ' it ! 
Sitting in the sun . Loving life right now . It's such a great day . Things are working out for the best right now ! 
The pool is almost open ! I cant wait for summer ! Pool parties and BBQ's! 
I've really got to stop facebooking my friends when they're sitting right next to me . 
I can't wait for tomorrow ! Not so much the work part , but the after work part . :) 
Hot tub and < PROPFIRST > daniels time ! :) 
Insomnia seems to be the common theme for all of my friends tonight 
loving the sun . Not a fan of the wind though ... 
Feeling a little homesick for Eagle when I started thinking about this summer . :( \ 
Camping , hiking , fishing , tubing , four wheeling , etc ... Ugh , summer needs to speed up so I can take a trip out there . 
I had such a great time tonight !!! 
Happy mothers day to all the moms ! 
I just can't wait for summer to finally be here . The weather keeps playing tricks on me . 
I'm about ready to kick some people in their knee right now ! What noisy neighbors I have ! 
I am so na na nervous . :/ 
Going to Central City . Praying , hoping , wishing I win something . But with my luck , thats unlikely . :) 
Can't wait for this weekend to see my friends for the bbq/pool party/girls night out !!! Hopefully it will be < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
I am in desperate need of another weekend . Friday evening better get here fast . 
I'm not going to hold my breath , but this could be a good thing . 
I'm sleepy . I'd like to take a nap , but apparently thats frowned apon here at work . 
Thinking about cutting my hair < PROPFEMALE > Beckham style . Any thoughts ...? 
Why is the sunshine hiding from me now that Im off work ? It should come out and play again . Lol 
drinking mimosas at the pool . What a wonderful day . :) 
bath tub party !!! Cause the hot tub is like ice water . 
I wish I was easy , easy like sunday morning . My chick bad , my chick good . My chick do stuff that your chick wish she could . 
excuse me bartender , Id like a UV vodka grape with vodka and a splash of vodka . 
Ugh . I hate allergies . :( 
If god sends us on strong paths , we are provided strong shoes . 
I guess I have a lot to ponder . 
I am going to sleep like a baby tonight . SO excited to have a day off tomorrow AND one mid term out of the way !!! :) 
Downtown , Why do you always steal me on the weekends ? 
Bahaha ! I know I shouldnt be laughing .... But there's midgets at lodos ! Just made my night . 
They\ 
say a true friend can go for long periods of time without speaking and \ 
never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like \ 
they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how\ 
far away they live ... REPOST \if\ " you are lucky enough to have at least\ 
Life has so many paths to choose from , so if you find yours is bumpy and you fall , just pick yourself up , dust yourself off and hold your head up high until an opportunity presents itself ... A new path . 
Ní féidir liom fanacht go dtí go féidir liom a fháil amach an áit seo . \ 
Far , bhfad i gcéin . I gcroílár na hEorpa . Nuair a d'fhéadfadh a bheith \ 
riamh 
Summer Jam today !!! Can't wait !!! 
myspace.com 
Just finished watching Orphan . WTF . That movie is messed up . Im scared of children now . Lol 
Whoa ! I was not expecting this day to be so busy , and the next few days will be worse . My break from school can't come soon enough . 
Really hoping things start looking up . I've been in Constant stress mode since the end of March and it keeps piling up . At least I can still smile . Most days . lol . 
Lost my keys in all the chaos of moving ... Yikes . Hope I find them before class tonight ... Otherwise I'm going to have to hitch a ride from someone . haha . 
1 more day of moving and 2 days of classes until break ! Cant tell you how excited i am about that . 
The guy at the drive-thru at starbucks sang to me today ... They need to stop letting their employees have free drinks during their shift . 
Last day of classes for a while ! Cant wait to enjoy the summer ! :) 
Im free !!! Well , until the next semester starts . Lol 
In Eagle until Tuesday ! :) Good to be home for a while . 
Eclipse tonight at midnight ! Yes ! 
Road trip tomorrow !!!! 
Can't wait to get this weekend started ! 
Making Fajitas for dinner . I don't cook often , so we'll see how they turn out . 
Glad I decided to come downtown for the night . Happy Birthday MEGGY !!!!! 
Round 2 of birthday weekend ! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
I must say , this is one of the funnest weekends I've had in a long time . 
Back to classes tonight :) \ 
Break was fun while it lasted . 
Hey Eagle/Gypsum people . I'll be in town this weekend for Gyp Daze . Hope to see you all there ! Let me know if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out . :) 
I'm excited to go to Eagle for the weekend . :) 
I met a really hot Zach Efron look alike who just so happens to be named Zach . < PROPFEMALE > thinks he's gay ... I think she's just jealous . LOL . ;p 
Excited for tonight ! 
Is it 10 yet ? 
On our way to the birthday bash concert !!! I'm ecstatic . What an amazing weekend . Glad to be home , but missing everyone in Eagle already . 
I'm at a concert thats not singing to me yet . DISAPPOINTED ! It was supposed to start at 2 . :( 
Might be in Eagle this weekend again to go tubing . Who's with me ? 
If you're in Eagle and want a massage , I'm here . Just lemme know . :) 
Why is it that whenever I come to Eagle I suffer from < PROPMALE > insomnia ? Not even a little tired right now . :/ 
Babysitting is actually kind of fun . Love the screaming contests that me and < PROPFEMALE > are having . Oh and pull auntie < PROPFEMALE>'s hair until she cries is fun too . ;P LOL 
Wahoo ! River time ! Bring your floaties and sippy cup ;) 
teaching my mom how to use facebook . :) 
Hmm , what to do , what to do ? So bored today . 
LOL . South park makes me giggle . :) 
My insomnia drives me up the wall . It's 4 a.m. and I'm still wide awake ... This just isnt fair . What to do , what to do ? 
Its already August ... Thats so sad . My favorite season is almost over . :/ 
Dancing in the rain !!! :D \ 
I love this weather ! 
Someone as OCD as me probably shouldn't watch the show Hoarders . Its freaking me out . Makes me want to scrub every inch of my house . Yikes . Lol 
So excited to get a massage tonight from < PROPFEMALE > . 
Not really sure why Im trying to fall asleep now , when I know I wont pass out until the wee hours of the morning . Fml . 
Really liking this new job .... Worried about payday though . I like to shop . Especially when I get a 20% off discount on all purchases . Yikes . 
I'm beat today . :/ 
Got my sketch pad out of storage . I need to start drawing again . I'm scared that I may have forgotten how . Any ideas on what I should draw ? 
Has decided that TCM is my guilty pleasure . 
I'm not aloud to watch shows like Cold Case Files when I'm home alone . Getting a bit paranoid . 
I'd like for this day to be over now . Please and thank you . 
It would be nice to have a job that didnt include working weekends . I havent had a mon-fri job in 2years . Good news is that Im almost done with school and my schedule will be better by March !!!!! :) 
I want to go to Eagle soon . There , I said it . 
I dont want to work tonight , but I do want money , so I guess I have to . 
Tonight I was about to fall asleep when I heard a noise . It wasnt loud at first , but then it sounded like someone was breaking into the house through the sliding door . So I slowly got up ( so the theif wouldnt hear me ) and was ready to fight , but when I turned the corner I heard the noise coming from the bathroom . 
Had a marvelous day ! Got to see my parents and cute neice . Cleaned the apartment spotless . Got all homework and studying for finals out of the way . Now movie time and pasta with wine ... Minus the wine unless someone wants to come over and bring some . Lol . 
Wtf ??? I'm speechless right now . Lol . 
Needs caffeine pronto !!!! 
Dear next two semesters of school : Please hurry yourself along . For I've grown tired of studying and all the silly labs and soon to be clinics that I've endured on your behalf . Thank you . Yours truly , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Just saw a pigeon sneeze . Weird . 
Had such a great time last night with some wonderful people . 
Is with a hot date tonight after work . :) 
Today is going by soooo slooow ! 
Love the feeling of having another quarter of classes complete with good grades . Almost to the finish line !!! :) 
I have some amazing friends . So thankful to have such wonderful people in my life . Thankyou all ! 
Yay !!!!! ;D 
Hanging out with Pauly D last night reminds me why I still love Vinny more . Too bad he wasn't there . It would have made my day 
Whoa ! Went to bed early last night and actually slept in today . That hasnt happened in months . Makes me want to stay in bed all day ! But I want to enjoy this wonderful day ! Maybe I'll go read a book by our lake . :) 
Is all smiles today ! :D 
I really need a sign !!! Or maybe the lack of signs is a sign . 
It's such a beautiful fall day in < PROPMALE > , but I hear the mountains got a little dusting . Eek ! Need to make a trip home before the snow is blocking my way completely . 
\Shut up ! You dirty little hamster !!! \"" 
Getting my haircut soon . Probably going to do a VERY short cut , seeing how my hair grows like a weed . Any ideas ? I'm having a hard time thinking of the cut I want . 
Don't you just hate it when you're really sleepy , but you just can't seem to fall asleep ? Yea , me too ! 
Absolutely love my new haircut . Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Back to school on Monday . So I'm going to try and make the most out of this weekend . 
Im confused ..... Hmm ? * scratches head * 
Give me a break ! They say bad things come in three ... Im up to what ?.... 7 already in the past 6months !!! HATING and done w/faulty apartments . 
zZZzzzZZZ 
I like it on the couch ... And sometimes the floor . 
Traffic .......... I really hate you . 
Going for a run before it gets too hot , then some yoga . Trying to make some changes for the better , starting today ! 
The fall season is beautiful , but I'm not a fan ! Fall just signifies that winter is right around the corner . :/ 
I only have 30mins to spare at the gym once i get home . Should i do weights or the eliptical ? Hmmm .... 
Determined to make this week fantastic . So far so good . :) 
It's going to be a good day ! 
Its TEE SHIRT time !!! 
Go Avs !!! Someone should buy me tickets to all the home games . I'd love that person long time . 
Pretty Woman ! One of the best movies . :) 
Wind scares me ... Especially when its this loud . 
My heart hurts . :( 
Feel and look like I havent slept for days today . Awesome . Just in time for halloween to get the dead look . Lol 
Aren't you broads a little old to be trick or treating ? \ 
We'll be younger in the morning . \ 
Yea , me too . \ 
Gotta love Hocus Pocus . My favorite movie to watch on Halloween . 
I'm so excited that I get to see my parents and neice tomorrow . Even if its just for a couple hours . tomorrow will be a good day ! :) 
Um , so now I can't wait for January 21st-23rd !!! to get here ! :D 
Cleaning the house then hopefuly relaxing . Seems like it will be a productive Saturday ! And my cold is almost gone !!! Yesss ! 
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past . 
Why do all the sloooowww drivers ( 25mph in a 40mph ) get in front of me in the morning when I'm already borderline grumpy . Just saying . 
Whats all this white stuff falling from the sky ??..... I dont like it ! 
Take a moment today to honor and thank all of the men and women who have served our great country , who have fought for our country . Be thankful and proud that through their bravery and strength we still have many freedoms that are often taken for granted . Remember those who have passed on , those who have been away from their families to defend our nation 
Will be in vail today ! Wahoo ! But only for an hour ! I'll take it tho . I miss home and the mtns . 
Will be available Saturday in Eagle/Gypsum to give free massages . If anyone wants one please let me know ASAP so we can schedule something . \ 
Tips are appreciated . :) 
This time tomorrow I'll be in the beautiful Vail/Eagle Valley . Can't wait to see my wonderful family and friends ! 
Can't wait to see my mountains in a couple hours ! It'll be good to be home . :) 
In Vail !!!! Yes . :) 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I am thankful for each and everyone one of you . 
Making < PROPFEMALE > sing Christmas carols with me .... And we are slowly realizing that there's a lot of christmas songs that I like , but do not know the words to . 
Starbucks is such a good idea right now ! I'm glad I thought of it . 
Ugh , this number game is silly ! When will it be over ? 
NEW FACEBOOK GAME *** Inbox me your bank account or debit card number . ( be sure to enclude your 3digit code and expiration date ) and I will post in my status which of my bills I am letting you pay ! Just like the previous < PROPFIRST > game ! It will be fun ! Let the messages begin ! 
The rest of this year needs to hurry and be done with . I am getting so excited for 2011 ! I have a feeling that its going to be a great year . Good news just keeps coming ! :) Not to mention I'll be Graduating ! 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ryone ! :) 
At midnight I get to open my gifts , cause technically its tomorrow ... Right ? Haha . Jk . No , but seriously ? 
I'm having a wonderful Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Hope < PROPFEMALE > ryone is doing the same ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ! I hope you and your families have a great day . God bless . :) 
Dear 2011 . I have been waiting for you to get here for quite sometime now ( April to be exact ) . So please hurry and get here so I can celebrate already . Please and thanks . :) 
Whoa ! Snow ! 
Did that really just happen ? Was on hold for almost an hour , only to be disconnected . :( 
I'm so lucky to have such a wonderful boyfriend . :) 
Wondering why upstairs neighbor feels the need to vacuum @ 10:15 at night ... All the time .... 
Sleep would be magical right now ! Too bad I'm wide awake . 
' Be careful about reading health books . You might die of a misprint'\ 
< PROPFIRST > Twain 
' The road to success is always under construction ' 
First day back at school after my break and I'm so excited to be back !! :) 
STARBUCKS ? Yes , Please . :) 
Hey woodchucks ! Quit chuckin ' my wood ! 
\Better to light a candle than curse the darkness \"" 
If the only tool you own is a hammer , every problem begins to resemble a nail . 
SOOOO Excited for my birthday celebration tomorrow . Get to spend time with some of my favorite people in the world . Couldn't ask for more . Unless someone wants to give me 1million dollars for my birthday ! ;) 
Happy early birthday to me . My car just broke down . Great ! 
Thankyou everyone for the birthday wishes . And thankyou to everyone who came out last night . I had a wonderful weekend with the BEST people . Tonight , homemade wine , movies , brownies , burritos , scooby snacks and margaritas . Yay ! 
Wow . Thanks American Idol for making me cry like a child with the last guys story ! * sniffle * 
BROTHERS WEEK ! :D If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you are very proud to have in your life , re-post this as your status . 
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth . 
Bored . And slightly worried . 
It's such a beautiful Saturday afternoon at Red Rocks . Enjoying this wonderful weather with < PROPFIRST > and the puppy . I'm in a tshirt and a skirt and it feels like summer !.... In January ! 
Fight Club ! :D 
MY OH MY ! Its slick out today . Be careful on the roads everyone . 
Well , my school is cancelled today . I've never had a ' snow day'! Good day to be in the mountains ! :) 
Brrrrrrr ...... rrrr .... brrr . I can't get warm . :( 
This -degree weather is really making me think about relocating ... Hawaii here I come !!! Oh wait , you need money for that ... Guess I'll have to wait for the summer . :( 
Think I got this cold , from all the cold ! Haha . Does anyone have any natural remedies that help with muscle aches , sore throat and headache ? Cold medicines only makes me want to hibernate and rarely makes me feel better . 
Going to see Black Swan tonight .... Finally ! I can't wait . 
Go Packers ! 
I have an interview ! Yesss ! 
Happy Valentines Day to all of my friends and family . Hope you have someone to share today with . Love you all . :) 
Pauly D is at Beta again tonight . Judging by the near death experience I had last time in the front row at his show , I think I'll pass this time . Good luck to anyone going tonight . I'll pray for you . Lol 
Free day at the < PROPMALE > Zoo today . :) Guess I know what I'ma gonna do-a . 
A day in February like this just intensifies how bad I want summer to be here . Yes , I know I am the worst CO native ever for hating winter . but doesnt sipping a cold drink by the pool sound so much better than digging a car out of the snow . 
I have two interviews today ! Wishing , Praying , Hoping I get one , if not , both of them . Wish me luck . 
I got the Job !!!!!!! Woohooo ! I think I may cry because I'm so happy ! Wow ! Omg ! Fml ... Wait , I take that one back . ;) 
True change and higher human adaption are not made by resistance to the old habits . Change is not a matter of not doing something , it is a matter of doing something else . 
Picking back up with my < PROPMALE > . Currently working on a mural and a couple tattoos for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , but also taking on new projects . My prices are reasonable and I do just about everything , tattoos , murals , drawings , pen and ink , family portraits etc . 
When God leads you to the edge of the < PROPMALE > , trust him fully and let go , only 1 of 2 things will happen , either He'll catch you when you fall , or He will teach you how to fly . 
Well today was a wonderful day . Despite my car breaking down AGAIN ! It was a great day . I'm pretty convinced I love my new job . :) dont think O've ever said that . Lol 
Tomorrow can't come soon enough ! I am SO excited and happy . \ 
I'm gonna miss crazynena though . Lol\ 
Thankyou for everything you've done for me . :) 
Just got the keys to my new apartment !!!!!!! Awesome ! 
Hooray for St. Patricks day ! I dont know about you folks but I'm thinking bar time for a scooby snack and green beer . :) \ 
Happy St Patricks day . 
Only 6 months left of school ! I'm still playing with idea of going for an AOS though . Hmmm .....? 
Hey everyone in the Lakewood area . Tomorrow is our opening day at the new Best Buy in the Belmar area . If any of you want to come check it out , I'll be there all day . :) 
