is ready for more money . 

is happy that the lakers won tonights game . 
is cooking ... 
is eating ice cream from cold stone . 
feels like crying right about now .... 
is thinking ... 
can't believe that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > died today of an heart attack ... o wow . 
is spending time with her mother on her 41st birthday . 
dyed her hair light red and now she is ready to get it styled . 
both of my phones are broken , so just leave me a voice message or contact me on the internet and i will find a way to contact you back . 
is packing . 
is starving .............. 
is still packing ... 
: my cellphone is fixed .... yay !! 
is watching transformers 2 . 
is texting and chillen with the new roommate ... 
is very upset . 
is on the phone .... 
is watching < PROPMALE > potter and the half-blood < PROPMALE > ... 
: man i swear ... niggas ain't shit these days . they are going to end up being by themselves until they are old and fucking crusty . 
is getting ready for bed . 
is mad that the cable in the dorm keeps going off .... ugh . 
is in the library typing up her four < PROPFEMALE > paper . 
is still typing her four < PROPFEMALE > paper ... she is getting very very sleepy and hungry . 
im done with my work ... yay !!! 
: and they wonder why they can't find the right person for them ... they always push the right ones away . 
can't wait to leave < PROPMALE > on wednesday . 
is eating some nasty ass dominio's pizza and cinnamon sticks . she wish she went to papa johns or pizza hut . 
can't sleep . 
is working on her twelve < PROPFEMALE > papers , that is due tomorrow at 9:30 am . 
has two in a half more days left in jackson ... yay !! 
? is packing . 
? is craving for some glazed krispy kreme donuts and a vanilla shake . 
is at home . 
is leaving her past behind in mississippi and < PROPFEMALE > . unfortunately , he was only in the past and present . he never did make it to the future but she will always have feeling for him and care about him . she is out with the old and in with the new . its < PROPMALE > 
is too much of a woman to have less of man as her boyfriend . 
is getting ready for bed and maybe go to ihop in the morning ... yum !! 
: ihop was so nasty ... ugh . 
: im mad that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and eminem are dissing each other in their songs ... like total disrespect . 
: shut up < PROPFIRST > !!! 
wants a blizzard from dairy < PROPFEMALE > . 
doesn't feel good . 
has spent over $600.00 today in the mall ... she won't be doing anymore shopping for a week . 
is helping her little sister pack for her first year in college . 
is thinking if she should perm her hair now or later on tomorrow ? 
is bored . 
has 11 more days in georgia ... yayy !! 
just woke up from a nap . 
is at her grandmother's house . 
is about to cook herself a big breakfast . 
is moving on . 
just finished watching my sisters keeper . that movie was good and sad ... maybe i will watch it again tomorrow . 
and her family are moving out of their house in villa rica tonight . 
hates moving ... 
is chilling with < PROPFEMALE > . 
: lol man ... last night was sooo fucking wild but i still had fun tho . i wonder whats going to happen tonight . 
is getting bored . 
the last two nights was very interesting and fun like ... i wish that it really meant something tho but i guess not . today kinda sucked tho ... it was all his fault but whatever . 
has 4 more days left to be in < PROPFEMALE > , then she's off for school . man ... she is really going to miss her crew . 
free my mother !!! 
just got home and is ready to watch the real < PROPMALE > of love at 2:30 ... she hopes that she won't fall asleep . 
is feeding < PROPFEMALE > and watching < PROPFIRST > springer with my sisters . 
is getting bored and hungry . 
has a huge headache . 
is chilled . 
is sick with a cold , sleepy , hungry for some breakfast , and thinking about \him \"." 
just got back to the hotel . we got rained on and almost fought some dumb bitch in the walgreens ... other than that , today was a great day . im coming home tomorrow . 
just got home ... 
is going back to sleep . 
is about to download bejeweled and finish eating my noodles . 
is getting a little bored and hungry . 
just got home and about to cook some spaghetti . 
is about to get dressed for tonight . 
is on the phone . 
texting the silly dude and talking on the phone again . man !! im so freckn hungry . 
is chilled with jamarey and joyceyln , eating wings , and texting . 
im never drinking again !!! i have a freckn headache and im dizzy as hell . 
man !!! my head still hurts ... where is the aleve when you need it . 
is about to go to the mall and walmart . 
is very bored right now but all of a sudden , she started thinking about everything that happened to her this summer -sigh- . 
why do bad things happen to the good people and good things happen to bad the people ? 
why do bad things happen to the good people and good things happen to the bad people ? 
is tired of these seasonal relationships . she is ready to settle down with that special someone but why is it so freckn hard ? she is not getting any younger . they say that things like this takes time but how much longer does she have to wait ? everybody is not meant to be single -the strange old man said- ... whatever . 
is going back to sleep ... later . 
some people just do some fucked up shit ... aren't you tired of being below greatest ?? i mean , you do the same shit every fucking day but you are still remaining in the same damn spot ... do something better with your fucking life but right now , im not going to say shit else ... or ima really start snapping on that ass , like seriously . this status is dismissed . 
is about to go to sleep => so goodnight facebook . 
=> brb facebook . 
is about to leave to go to her last class of today ... thank god . 
cross your fingers because i might be having a job real soon ... like hopefully tomorrow or sunday . 
just seen the space shuttle in the sky . the astronauts are heading to the moon ... totally wicked awesome . 
is about to leave for the movies . 
just finished eating a ceaser salad and vanilla milkshake from mc donalds . -yum- 
final destination was a good movie but i hate that it was in 3D . man ... im so freckn ' dizzy . 
just came back from church . 
is starting over . she is going to be more focused on her future and less about the past . also , she is going to change some of things she does and make better decisions in life . { welcome to the new beginning } i feel good already . 
just finished eating some quiznos ... baha chicken -yum- 
is chilled with < PROPFIRST > and joyceyln . 
just finished her homework ... so easy . i hope my homework will always be like this lol . 
goodmorning facebook . 
i am so tired but luckily , i only have one more class to go to at 4:10 pm- 5:10 pm . no class tomorrow ... yay !!! 
i hate thunderstorms . 
just woke up . 
everyone and everything that shows up in our life is a reflection of something that is happening inside of us . - < PROPMALE > cohen- 
is tired of being nice to people . 
class at 4:20 ... so bored . 
enjoyed her evening out with the girls . 
is watching the house of pain ... so extremely bored lol . 
is bored for now . 
just got home from the mall . 
is doing homework lol . 
is getting ready to perm her hair . 
im listening to music and doing my hair . 
hopes it stops raining . 
is getting ready for the football game . 
is listening to music and reading quoteable quotes . 
is watching tv . 
is thinking . 
today was so boring ... now im in bed and i can't go to sleep ( i've tried ) . luckily , i only have one class tomorrow at 4:20 pm . 
just got home from the quad . 
has a lot on her mind right now and she really wants to talk to this person about it , because he is the only one with the answers ... besides god . -sigh- 
is about to get in the shower ... brb . 
im back . 
well im getting tired , my evening was wonderful but im mad that it had to end ( for now ) ... so i guess i will call it a night before my DAMN godbrother wake me up for breakfast at 7 am ... so not cool lol . 
today is a lucky day . 
at the house eating some popeyes chicken and boy this chicken is hard as hell . i should have went to churchs lol . 
NO JOYCEYLN LOL J/K . 
just got out of the shower . 
BITCH , KEEP ME AND MY SISTER FUCKING NAME OUT OF YOUR DAMN MOUTH . YOU DONT KNOW WHAT THE HELL YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT AND WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON . IF YOU REALLY BOUT YOUR SHIT , THEN COME SEE BOUT ME BECAUSE IM SICK OF THIS LITTLE SHIT . YOUR ASS AINT BOUT SHIT ANY MUTHAFUCKING WAY . TRUST ME BABY ... YOU HAVE MET YOUR FUCKING BATTLE . KEEP FUCKING WITH IT . IM DONE . ANYMORE I GOTS TO SAY , IMMA SAY IT TO THAT ASS . 
LAUGHING MY MUTHAFUCKING ASS OFF AT THESE HOES . 
FUCK THEM HOES ... IM HAPPY NOW :) 
i cant sleep . 
is about to sing and dance herself to sleep ... but i doubt that will help . i think im going to go take a walk around the quiet neighborhood for a while lol . 
is doing her homework . 
is at the house jamin . 
< PROPFEMALE > RILEY ... IMMA NEED YOU TO PLAY SOMETHING EVERYBODY LIKES . GIRL , WE DONT KNOW THEM SONGS YOU PLAYING LOL . 
i was a little upset that the event at the performing arts center was cancelled . lol i was excited about going . so now im back at the house ... getting ready to eat some spaghetti . 
is reading and writing . 
is finally done with all of her homework . 
is watching lil < PROPMALE > on tv ... afterwards the housewives of atlanta . 
is getting ready to go to bed . 
is in the library . 
lol we got rained on again ... so not cool . 
THEY SHOOTING OUT HERE !!! 
the ambulance and police are out here . someone is really hurt . 
its funny how i thought that everything would change but unfortunately ... it all seems to be the same . unless i am proved wrong . ( today was still a good day ) . 
its funny how A tries to get to B , but it seems like B isn't noticing A or B is trying to push A away ... maybe B is just way too busy for A . who knows ? 
is getting ready to eat some spaghetti . 
this old lady in my house is crazy . 
is in her room ... bored as heck . 
is having stomach pains . 
just came home from dance practice . 
finished her homework and now she is bored ... for right now . 
watching Vh1 . 
the neighbors house is on fire !!!!! 
is watching dream girls with < PROPFEMALE > . 
class at 4:20 pm and maybe the gym later ... today is going to be a very long day ( oh my ) . 
i found a dollar on the sidewalk , on my way home ... lol today is my lucky day . 
is going to the gym around 6:30 or 7pm . 
the world today is hungry not only for bread but hungry for love ; hungry to be wanted , to be loved . 
is patiently waiting .... waiting for everything to fall into its \right\ " place . " 
chilled with the girls . 
just left the library . 
is listening to some < PROPFIRST > valentino and about to start on my homework . :) 
is watching the GAME and doing hella homework . 
more homework , open-mic , dinner , and .... idk whats going to happen after that . 
open mic was cool and now im home with the girls . 
ITS FINALLY MY BIRTHDAY !!! 
math homework , going to the bash , and ... 
oh no ... don't get it twisted . my birthday isn't over until the weekend . im just getting started lol . 
is about to get in the shower ... brb !! 
is out the shower and in the bed ... i guess i will watch some tv for a little while . night facebook !! 
don't forget about the dinner on saturday !!! => this is going to be a lonely weekend ... ima have the whole house to myself :) 
back from walmart . 
im about to clean up my room real quick !! 
is listening to some slow jams ... 
it be the shit like this ... that be pissing me off . 
is warming up some left-over food and continue my online shopping :) 
is watching i can do bad all by myself . 
is watching the cowboys vs . the giants game and listening to music ... alittle bored at the moment . 
them damn giants won ... that sucks :( 
Hello Facebook . im going back to sleep ... class at 11:40 am :) 
is about to go get something to eat .... starving ... brb !! 
MIAMI BETTER WIN TONIGHT !!! 
WTF MAN ... LIKE ARE YOU SERIOUS ?? MIAMI JUST FREAKN LOST !!!! 
is watching are you smarter than a 5th grader . 
class at 4:20 ... im so thinking about not going :( 
nothing is predestined ; the obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings . 
im so freakn mad right now .... GOD PLEASE HELP ME !!! 
live the dream ! everything happens for a reason ! luck and fate are the same thing , it just depends on how you look at life ! 
true love is the person that loves you because you are you , not the male or female next to you ... so never think that you have to change to find him/her !!! the man/woman of your dreams will love you because of who you are . 
another bad day !! 
once i have my mind set to something , i stick to it ... nothing less . 
is ready for all of this stress to be over with . i hope that everything tonight at this meeting goes well ... wish us luck !! 
-nothing makes fucking sense anymore- im tired as hell of lies , broken promises , niggas smiling in my damn face , and bitches talking shit . lord knows im so mad ... too mad at that . 
on skype !! 
in the lab ... bored . 
in the llc . 
back from the llc . 
on the phone . 
MAN WTF !! THIS HE-SHE IN MY FUCKING ROOM SMELLS SO FUCKING BAD !! LIKE OMG ... I NEVER SMELLED OR SEEN ANYTHING SO AWFUL IN MY FREAKN LIFE !! LORD KNOWS I CANT WAIT UNTIL THEY MOVE MY ASS AGAIN ON TUESDAY ... DAMN !! 
you know what ... this is another lesson learned . im not even going to put it on facebook but i am tired of going through this same shit with people ... lord knows im tired , especially tired of fucking trying . ugh !!! this weekend has been nothing but awful for me . i hope next week is BETTER !! 
im putting the past behind me , as of right now and stay more focused on my future ... forget the ones that don't really matter or never matter to me anymore . im going to be alright and im going to remain happy no matter what :) 
is doing homework . 
its the weekend !! im getting the hair done tomorrow morning and going out !!! so excited lol !! 
lol i guess . 
in the llc lab . 
its funny how things just instantly change within a short period of time but hey , i look at it as if god was testing me again . 
< PROPMALE > AT 3:00 PM . 
is back in daytona beach :) 
is in the llc lab singing to some jams ... oooooooooooooooo yeah !! 
i need some attention ... if you know what i mean . its about that time to get it in lol j/k . 
is about to call it a night ... this nigga pissed me off and i do have some regrets . im going to church in the am and hopefully get the hair done ... i look a hot mess :( 
well ... idk what else to say about this situation but i am glad that i have great friends , who give good advice . idk what i would do without them ... thanks :) GoodNight FaceBook !!! 
is doing some homework in the study room :) 
im tired of trying to tell people how i feel ... i mean , whats the point ? im not being heard and it seems like i am wasting my time . i thought it was worth it ... is it ? i dont think you truely understand where i am coming from :( but at least im trying . can i get credit for that ... at least ? 
whats the difference between conditional and real love ?? 
G0ING T0 BED . BREAKFAST AT 8 AM AND M0VING AT 9:30 AM ... T00DLES !! 
is listening to love you gently by usher ... 
in my room ... thinking .... 
all my homework is finally complete ? 
and the truth shall set you free !! ? 
WELL I KN0W THAT I W0NT BE G0ING T0 SLEEP ANYTIME S00N , S0 I GUESS I WILL WATCH A M0VIE AND TEXT UNTIL MY EYES CL0SE !! G00DNIGHT FACEB00K ? 
MY DAY IS G0ING GREAT S0 FAR ... MY 9:10 CLASS IS CANCELLED . 
today must be my lucky day ... both of my classes are cancelled and i get paid later ; cool beans !! 
back in the llc ? 
just woke up from a two hour nap ... im feeling GREAT ? 
i had tons of fun tonight ... i wish it could have lasted alittle longer but there's always the weekend ? 
G0ING T0 BED . BREAKFAST AT 8:00 AM ... G00DNIGHT FACEB00K !! ? 
about to eat lunch and go back to sleep . class at 4:20 :( 
battle of the sexes tonight at 9pm ... after that ... idk . 
in the study room . 
is in the study room ... not feeling good at all :( 
M0RNING FACEB00K !! 0FF T0 CLASS !! TTYL !! 
I AM G0ING T0 KEEP MY HEAD UP HIGH LIKE N0THINGS WR0NG !! WHATEVER IS WR0NG , IDK THE ANSWERS T0 AND PR0LLY NEVER WILL , S0 FUCK IT ... I GUESS !! 
< PROPMALE > SONGZ ?! 
about to order a pizza ... i dont feel good . 
is about to take a shower and head to the computer lab :) 
is in the computer lab ... bored . 
my eyes are getting heavy . i dont think i can stay up any longer to finish my movie . im about to eat a quick snack and go back to sleep . bye facebook :) 
waiting on papa < PROPFIRST>'s . 
in my room singing , rapping , and dancing ... so bored :) 
love is blind ? - < PROPFEMALE > - 
G00DM0RNING FACEB00K !!! 
DANG !! IM MAD THAT I DR0PPED MY PH0NE ... N0W I HAVE T0 0RDER A NEW 0NE !! 
I HAD A G00D DAY . PRACTICE AT 4PM ? 
I THINK I F0UND MY L0NG L0ST C0USINS ?! 
omg , its her !!! i finally found my long lost cousin !!! so excited !! 
is eating a chicken pot pie ... yummy !! 
is chilled ?! 
i can't sleep and someone keeps calling my phone back to back ... its really starting to get on my nerves . 
is not having a good day . 
i feel like ...... ( you already know lol j/k ) but i do have some stress that needs to be released . 
im really getting tired of people lying to me and making up hella excuses for no reason . 
if this slut bucket dont stop stealing my shit ... then ima beat his ass lol . 
on my way to the lab ? 
is bored ? 
in the library .... in a < PROPMALE > hurry to complete my homework and project . ugh !!! 
im almost done with my homework ... 
in the lab ... extra bored . 
G0D FIRST ? 
never judge a book by its cover . 
im about to go take a walk ... i dont feel good :( 
just waking up for the first time today . 
me and the crew are going out for food and come back to play the wii . 
? skype : abby-1989 
about to watch mulan . 
tonight i finally realized that i have made a stupid decision but i don't regret anything . it was just another test . i knew all along what was going on but i didn't want to see it . lesson learned : you can't make someone like , love , or want to be with you . if it happens , then it happens . if it don't , then it don't . you can't change someone . i am well prepared for the next and hopefully the next time won't be a test . 
im ready for the next test ... so prepared - ? - 
im thinking about ....... ? 
im bored ?! 
ugh !!! i can't sleep !!!! ? 
so misunderstood ? 
is having a bad day !! 
is going to take a walk ... brb ? 
i wonder > from the time you met me , how many times have you actually lied to me ? 
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions . All life is an experiment . The more experiments you make , the better . What if they are a little course , and you may get your coat soiled or torn ? What if you do fail , and get fairly rolled in the dirt once or twice . Up again , you should never be so afraid of a tumble . 
in the lab . 
never expect the unexpected . 
<< the sweetest girl ever ? 
all i do is pray , pray that my questions get answered , and to pray that my life gets better for the good ... i hope it does :( 
hoping for a miracle .... but ima keep praying . i have to keep my head up high with a positive attitude :) >>> my day starts ... now . 
>> is it too late to apologize ? there is no need for the both of us to act ignorant towards one another . i think im going to apologize to you and be the bigger person in this situation ... >> im sorry << maybe you not wanting to talk things out is a bad idea but im going to pray about it and hope that things will work out ... >> we should forgive but never forget ... hopefully , there won't be any regrets either . 
im about to watch snow white and the seven dwarfs ? 
sailor < PROPFEMALE > ? 
life's a bitch !! life isn't fair , but all you have to do is pray about it ! 
i had fun with < PROPMALE > tonight . i hope i can make it to church in the morning ... lord knows i need to be there , but as of right now , i think im to chill until i fall asleep ? 
im vibin !! ? 
MAN !! I AM SO FREAKING HUNGRY !! LOL !!! 
N0 REGRETS . 
You cannot be everyone's best friend . in fact , you can't even expect everyone to like you . So today , stop putting so much effort into pleasing someone who clearly cannot be pleased , at least by you . You two are just not compatible , and there's nothing wrong with that . If everyone liked everyone , the world would be a very boring place . Be grateful for your friends and stop worrying about the ones you don't have . 
get clear about what you see . just because illusions aren't real doesn't mean they're not powerful . to get the motivation you need right now , picture your success . imagine what your life will be like once you have reached that summit . visualize the future , and be sure to picture a beautiful one ! sometimes your subconscious needs your conscious mind to provide it with a map . 
i can't sleep . i have a lot on my mind ... i think i miss {} . 
on skype ? 
online shopping and cooking ? 
krispy kreme ? 
online shopping ? ; i need to be looking for a job , apartment , and finish filling out these transfer papers for these colleges . 
is mad at < PROPFIRST > :( 
is listening to the < PROPMALE > songz album ? 
hmm .... this night was very odd . well , i have class at 9:10 am , so i guess i need to go to bed . night facebook . 
its about time ... cookman finally got the internet to work . 
i feel like crying but i have to keep my head up . my tears aren't going to help me solve any of my problems ? 
is in the study room , bored as heck !! 
vibin !! 
-> im on the phone with my little sister . lord knows i miss so much ? 
-----> is bored ? 
<-- is thinking . 
Why does everyone always want what they can't have ? Envy comes easily to you , especially where material possessions are involved . You can't help but take it personally when someone else has a stroke of luck at your expense . Don't worry there is enough to go around . You will get your < PROPMALE > , you have to be patient . Try to focus on something else until you've cleared your mind of negative feelings . 
? my other phone is back on ... yay lol !!! 
<-- eating ice cream ... yum ! 
--> if only people could just get along ... the world would be so much better , i swear . i hope that my home gets better and the people at school ( in general ) . times are hard but dont make it worse than what it is by having your nasty ways and treating people bad . you wonder why a lot of good things dont happen to you . i think you should change that huh ? 
im almost finish with this paper for my debate ... so bored :( and maybe a little hungry . 
hmm ... do i really want to go to my biology class at 12:50 ? i really don't want to . the class is so freaking boring :( 
my back is really sore but besides that , i had a really good day :) 
ugh !!!!!!!!!!!! 
i can't wait to take these braids out of my head ... ugh !! the one thing i hate the most is when someone constantly lies to me . he lost all cool points from me . 
i just finished packing but i am so ready to go home ... i want to forget about bcu and its people for a couple of days . 
my mother finally bought me a new phone ... yay !! 
aw man , im mad that i can't fit into my skirt but i just bought it yesterday . maybe i should lose the weight in my stomach or buy a bigger size ... hmm . 
? im packing , getting ready for my long trip back to < PROPFEMALE > . i thank god that this break has finally come . i really need it . 
? im home !!! 
is about to prep this food for tomorrow :) i cant wait !!! 
lol as much as i dislike being at cookman , i really do miss my cookman family . -this week is going by so fast ... next thing you know , we will be back at boring cookman :( 
ugh !! im still cooking !! 
Happy Thanksgiving !!! 
BLACK FRIDAY !!! 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get !! seriously ! copy and paste and put on your status . 
lol ha ha i guess ... idk what to say about that but im going to keep my business to myself . 
<-- taking my braids out !! 
<-- leaving < PROPFEMALE > at 5:30 in the morning :( 
this damn girl just walked in on me while i was using the bathroom !!! don't people ever knock ... i mean like seriously !! 
dudes are stupid !!!!!!!!!!!! 
the saints better win this game !!! 
ugh !! im still taking these braids out !! my hands and arms are getting tired lol !! 
touchdown !!! 
yay , the saints won ...!!!! :) 
lol tehehehehe , what a night . out the shower . eat a chicken pot pie . watch the little mermaid . off to sleep ... sweet dreams facebook . 
getting my homework and tests done . later , order some papa johns ... yum ! 
this is a memory that i hope to never forget . i don't regret it either and i'm glad that i have actually had this experience . like i said , there is nothing wrong with taking risks :) but right now , i'm very sleepy and trying to finish this work . nighty night facebook !! 
perm !!!!!!!!! yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeooooooooooooooooooooowwwwww !!!! lol !! 
reading . facebook . studying . eating hella food . listening to < PROPMALE > songz . and texting . 
today's exam was a great success !! i still have a lot of work that needs to be completed by tomorrow . this is going to be a long night but i can handle it :) 
? i dropped my new $300.00 phone on the way to my 4:20 class . luckily , it didn't get scratched up or whatever but i need to buy a phone cover asap !! :( 
more homework !!!! ugh !! 
dying my hair ? 
eating papa johns with < PROPFEMALE > . 
how many times does a person have to hurt , until they hurt no more ?? 
i enjoyed my weekend . now its time to take my final exams , pass them , and go home for the break . im going to miss some of my cookman friends ... the ones who are leaving and the ones who are staying . 
omg , this dude just stepped on a baby frog ... so not cool :( 
i kinda wish that i could have changed some of the things that happen here at cookman but i dont regret it . maybe my friend was right , things only happen for a reason . hmm , i wonder what that reason could be but anyways , i enjoyed my evening with my friends and the christmas production . im about to go to bed and pray about this final :) 
i miss you ? 
everybody is leaving me ... im about to cry and its going to be like this when i leave too :( 
i went to chic-fil-a , to mcdonalds , and now sonics & krispy creme ... yum !! 
the worst part of life is leaving someone or when someone you really care about leaves but this isn't goodbye forever , at least i hope not . so , its ... i will see you later and never say goodbye . this is only the beginning of a new journey and it will be successfully great . i believe , have faith , and i will always pray about it . i miss you already :'( 
baking brownies =) 
IS SCREAMING HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO Jazelle Louboutin !!!!!!!! =) 
On my way home ! 
i had sooooooo much fun last night with Jazelle Louboutin , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , and their other friend LaJuan . =) 
Good Morning ! 
I enjoyed my weekend home ... on the way back to statesboro !!! =) 
im relaxing til its time to go to class @5 : 15- 7:20 pm . 
=( 
smh its funny how fast people change . 
I'm very upset and hurt !!! =( 
2 more days til my birthday !!! =) 
On my way home !!!! 
I feel so loved ... Thank you for all the birthday wishes =) 
On my way back to statesboro !!!!! 
i don't feel good but food is the only thing making me happy ... ice cream , fruit snacks , < PROPFEMALE > juice , then bed =) 
I can't sleep !!! =( 
doing homework . 
pizza hut =) 
Now I love my saints but look at my falcons .... I'm so proud lol . 
Wishing my grandmother a happy birthday !! =) 
Watching \teen mom \"." 
I love rainy weather ! =) 
Man ... I'm upset . The frame on my mirror broke =( 
