is the awesomest of the awesomest !! 

was brave enough to open the 401k statement , and was surprised !! Up 19.66% for the quarter ! Still down 29.55% YTD , but we're making baby steps ! 
is FINALLY leaving work ! Yay ! 
loves the internet because < PROPMALE > lives inside of it !! 
finds somethings in life inherently amusing ... like the elevator repair men getting stuck on the elevator ! 
is concerned that < PROPFIRST > has an electric cattle prod ... nothing good can come from this . 
finds LSAT prep very condescending ... I'm feeling pretty dumb right about now . 
is cautiously optimistic ! About to walk on over there and get this done with !! 
survived !!! No idea how I did , but right now I'm not much caring ! It's over is enough to make me happy for now . Celebrations to commence shortly ! Thanks for the wishes of luck and votes of confidence to all of you ! 
is so excited about the prospect of not staying home to study tonight !!!! Yay !! Fun will be had !!! :) 
is awake and ambulatory , though not yet with the greatest celerity .... working on it ! 
is behind the times ... fairly certain that today is not December 31 , 1999 , as my phone would try and have me believe . 
does not find this rain conducive to maintaing high levels of productivity ... 
Monday night ... No class ... Homework situation under control ... I know where I'll be ! :) 
thinks that one more day of this whole \my phone refuses to do anything\ " nonsense might just be enough to push me over the edge into full blown insanity . IRRITATED !! :( " 
Bright spot of the week - the new hard drive for my lap top came in , which means it may actually start working properly ! AND I get to leave work early !! Now , if only my phone would start working ... 
thinks yesterday was positively spectacular ! Fun times all around !!! But , just so you know - I did accidently allow the battery on my phone to die , meaning I lost all of my < PROPFIRST > ( again ) ... so , um , I can't make contact with you ( again , again ) . 
has all ( yes , ALL ) of her phone < PROPFIRST > back !! Now , to figure out how to get them from one phone to the other without losing them all again ... 
is disconnected . 
just filed her first ever complaint with the BBB !!! Fun !! :) 
will be taking the LSAT again in December . :( 
is bad luck for servers 
is wishing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > a happy birthday ! Yay ! You're the best mom I've ever had !!! 
thinks the fog is pretty awesome !!! It goes well with the changing leaves on all the trees . Plus , downtown looks prettier than I've ever seen it ! 
does not like being able to hear crying babies while in my office . It's just not right . 
is working on downloading Skype to make < PROPMALE > happy ! 
is happy to know that there are people willing to fight off hordes of zombies to prove their undying compassion and obsession with my ever growing beauty ! Well at least one person ! :) 
Since so many people have felt the need to mention that today is Friday the 13th , I would like to point out that it is bad luck to be superstitous . 
had a great weekend and expects to have a great week !! 
is ready to be done with school !! Why is it not December already ?!! 
finds certain situations very entertaining and can't help but laugh ... and then I realize I left my phone at home and it's not so funny anymore ! 
Only one month left till graduation !! :) 
needs a nap ... or more caffeine !! Looks like option two is going to have to do for now . 
My Monday is also my Friday ... which means it's going to be a crazy busy day !! Ugh ! So much to do , so very little time !! 
just turned in her last paper EVER for MC !!!! Yay me !! Only two more tests standing between me and graduation !!!! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! I promise not to make any jokes about how incredibly old you are , or how you're older than me , or about you being the oldEST sister ! Love you muchly !!! 
is about to go see Handel's Messiah with the lovely Ms. Kinsey !! 
