I'm lost on this facebook thing ! 

YEAH !!! its striaght ! 
what is wrong with me ? 
yeah yeah yeah ... i know ... its crooked ! 
YES ... I am a legal resident of the United States ... 
Wishing Everyone a Happy New Year . And I wanna thank my friends who stayed with me and helped me struggle through 2010 . Esp , Nessey for being there . And PRD for helping me regain my sanity after a very difficult time . Here's to a bright and HAPPY 2011 ! 
Anorexia Nervosa and Alchoholism Here We Come ! 
is sad . 
ok ... enough of this depression bull shit ... photo shoot tomarow ! even if it kills me . 
nothing like waking up < PROPMALE > over to sirens and panicked kids screaming how they don't wanna die ! 
how do you make this feeling go away ? 
Ich bin überwältigend . Ich brauche nicht niemanden ! 
Stolz , ein spangler zu sein 
is in PAIN !!! Dunno wats worse 2hrs of surfin , 2hrs of gym , or 2hrs of practice ! 
I LOVE MY DERBY LIFE =) 
A check to the face with Chexy's skate couldn't keep me down tonight ! 
I would like to express my sincere condolences to the BLACK TEAM for thier SOON-TO-BE LOSS . 
KNEE ... PAIN ... 
PENALTY : < PROPMALE > on White 777 ! 
Today's The Big Day !!! Im so nervous and excited ! 
25 in 4:34 ... oh yeah ! 
oh , brah ... chexy got me good ... how do you hit someone's head , neck and knee all at the same time ? 
man i sucked at practice last night ! 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? \ 
i could really use a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now ... 
STREET SKATING+METAL ON THE IPOD = BETTER THAN SEX ! 
Today's The Big Day !!!! Go Yellow !!!!!! EXCITED !!! 
is the GERMAN-ATOR !!!! 
Hey FB PeepS !!! Any opinions on my future Piercing ? Think DOWN LOW ! 
ra ra ah ah ah ... ro < PROPFEMALE > ro < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... ga ga ... ooohh la la ... 
is ready to jump into the mosh pit on wheels ... I mean go to practice ... 
HIPPIES vs ROCKERS TODAY !!!!! Power to the People !!! Hippies ROCK !!!! 
I'm only a man\ 
In a silly red sheet\ 
Digging for Kryptonite\ 
On this one way street\ 
Only a man\ 
in a phoney red sheet\ 
Looking for special things\ 
Inside of me ... 
i think im gunna lose a toe nail ! 
why do i always get what i dont want and what i do want always slips away ? 
Let's Go FLYER'S ... Make me proud ! 
life sucks ... im pregnant !!! 
... this use to be a fun house , BUT NOW ITS FILLED WITH EVILS CLOWNS ... time to start the count down ... We're gunna BURN IT DOWN !!! 
buwahahahaha ... yeah ... i know ... im evil 
Today's just one of those AWESOME days ... Loving life ! 
rain rain go away ... i wanna go to practice today ! 
God bless America ... and horny rednecks ! 
testin my bruised front teeth on a apple ... thanks pebz 
GAME DAY !!! 
ready for my after-after party ! 
nervous nervous nervous ! 
I'm goin ' home , gonna load my shotgun\ 
\ 
Wait by the door and light a cigarette\ 
If he wants a fight , well now he's got one\ 
And he ain't seen me crazy yet 
34D ... come on < PROPMALE > . is that too much to ask for ? 
I'm Innocent . 
< PROPFEMALE > ridge here i come ! 
just made the best ratatouille for dinner ... jelios ?!? 
day 5 with out a pack of smokes ! 
craving hot wings ... thanks man vs food ! 
god bless my derby life ! 
don't want to jump the gun here , but ... HAPPY SCREAM !!!!!! 
:( 
Ich bin ausgezeichnet heute !!!! 
I'm only happy when it rains\ 
I'm only happy when it's complicated . \ 
And tho I know you can't appreciate it\ 
I'm only happy when it rains ! 
wanna die my hair red ... wonder how id look as a < PROPFEMALE > ... 
met a really cool old lady in a wheel chair at the women's expo . she actually got the tie between my two tattoos ! 
could really use a massage ... 
is SOOOO ready to move off this rock ! 
oh ... em ... gee ... pain patches and ice ... a derby girls bff's! 
had a very negative , but productive day . here's hoping tomorrow is a little more positive . 
its cause i'm awesome ! 
is it just me , or is derby getting old ? 
sigh ... smells like game day 
is it sad that i got my worst injury trying make it to a decent place to puke and not at the scrimmage ? 
TO MY WONDERFUL DERBY SISTERS and low-life refs that make bad calls against demons : there's no practice today , and i'd like to make a suggestion ... why don't we take the time to wash our pads ? 
is safe for the next three months ! 
sigh ... one a these days , ill get laid ... 
grilled teriyaki mahi mahi over mixed greens for lunch at haus des spangler 
hey everybody ... \ 
Sadly < PROPFEMALE > Noyance will be leaving the league to move on to bigger and better things ( getting a job in texas ) so we are throwing her a good bye bash at HMC Karaoke in < PROPFEMALE > city . the < PROPFEMALE > dig is set for 5-7 THIS sunday-sry for the late notice . pls rsvp to either me or pebblz . preferably pebblz 
all the good ones are FUCKING GAY !!!! 
another sleepless night ... wtf ? 
feeling a little nostalgic watching my son watch the < PROPMALE > series . maybe i should change my derby name . since < PROPMALE>'s already taken maybe club-her lang ... apollo speed ? hmmm ... 
poor poor poor < PROPFIRST > vick ... oh sad day :( 
just cause i couldn't sing it last night ... \ 
I come from a long line of losers\ 
Half outlaw half boozers\ 
I was born with a shot glass in my hand 
oh god , why must you tease me ? 
ugh ... really ? 
NAME CHANGE ? Spangler or ... wait for it ... Lucy Furer ? 
i would give anything i own . \ 
give up my life , my heart , my home\ 
i would give anything i own\ 
just to have you once again\ 
just to touch you once again ... D : 
ok , im done with my cheesey karaoke posts ! hmmm .... or am i ? 
ATTN : Derby Girls !!! \ 
The flux capacitor is playing at the HardRock Cafe this fri at 10pm . Give them some DerbyLove !!! They've also promised to give out Shoutouts to PRD ! 
me laying off the bottle is not really working out 
oh dear god in heaven , \ 
i gave up my whiskey sours when i got into that altercation , and gave up jager and mt dews when i stupidly cut my own hair ... puleeezz dont tell me last night's practice was i sign that i have to give up my dyke and cokes ! i don't think there's a weaker drink out there ! \ 
love , spangler 
Equality March at the Capital ... I will be there with flyers . A-Bomb is outa town , so if you're coming pls find me . I will be in the front at 2 ; 30 . I'll have flyers to hand out . Also , being that we are at the capital , pls dress derby with your PRD shirt , but conservatively . 
Let's see how many people call me EGON today ! 
ALRIGHT ... Lets GO Eagles ! 
seriously need to study up on derby strategies ! any suggestions on where to go ? 
hey guys , sorry for all thee back blocking i did today ! 
day four and five pounds down ! oh yeah ! 
dodododododo , vanilla ice ice baby , dododododododo ... word to yo mama 
spending tonight like a true American ... desensitizing my son to zombies , blood , and guts ! 
Working At The CarWash ... I reserve the right to pose and take pics with any car/motorcycle , left in my procession , that is deemed worthy enough 
Never fails !!! As soon as i get my car washed : RAIN , RAIN , RAIN !!! 
sigh :/ 
just bought the most gorgeous dress ever for $7 ! I love vintage shopping ! 
Why can't more guys come standard like Captain < PROPMALE > Trapp ? Tall , dark , handsome , can sing , a captain , and no problem hiring a nanny . perfection . 
i usually call dibs on snickers today , but after all my hard work and all the weight i lost , i'm gunna pass :( but everyone else can have a happy halloween ! 
mission complete ! i even got treats ! 
is gunna ... take another ride on the sunshine highway\ 
take another ride try and turn it around . 
Getting hit on by a black guy with a full platinum grill ... priceless ! 
just got home from watching my first Basketball game since HS and gots to say i remember y i dont care for the game . no hits , no people flying thru the air , < PROPFEMALE > . and if someone was to steal the ball from me i'd be chasing him down for a shoulder check ! 
wanna thank the guy in waiks for helping out with the crazy homeless drug addict before anything < PROPMALE > happened ! 
and that's why they call me the Führer ! 
found an amazing 1940s inspired vintage dress for 4 bucks ! which leads me to a dilemma ... do i cut my hair to match ? 
in celebration of the new do , i feel like takin some < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > inspired pics at < PROPFEMALE > kai ... nekked . whos with me ? 
ugh . a meeting . in the morning . on a holiday . thats un-american , dude ! 
shocked at the closed mindedness of locals in hawaii . maybe they should get off the rock and get some culture , and i dont mean vegas . 
ride or die ? nope , SKATE or die ! 
as a skater , i hear some funny shit . some memorable quotes from the girlfeast scrimmage : \tighten that gap ! \ " \ " block her pussy ! \ " and my all time fav \ " it feels like a black shoving his cock in your ass ! \"" 
Filming ShakaTalk yesterday , I HAD to give a shout out to the best derby team in Hawaii ... GO MISCHIEVILS !!! 
went to my first real practice in what seems like the longest ! Made me realize how much I missed derby . 
tired of waiting ... 
Marines ? Roller Derby ? Can it get better ? oh , yeah ... right . almost forgot about THAT ! 
Oh , < PROPMALE > . I've been waiting for years and tomorrow is our big date ... the beginning of the end ! 
Giving myself til wed to complete my mission ... get ready , im a woman possessed ! 
dilemma : do i get my wrist looked at by a qualified physician and risk being told not to skate on the 4th ... or do i wait and ignore the new bump and swelling ? 
hurry up christmas ! craving homemade marshmellows and godiva hot chocolate ! 
just found out about the most amazing place EVER ! A sex store run by MIDGETS ! Oh , I'm soooo there ! 
went to walmart and foodland and only got flipped off once . am i losing my touch ? 
No , I didn't get laid tonight , but I had just as much fun ! Buwahahahaha !!! No one's more of an evil clown than me , but < PROPFEMALE > comes close ! 
Happy Thanksgiving EveryBody ! I'm thankful for my family and friends that stuck it out with me through this CRAZY and eventful year ! And I'm thankful for Roller Derby , the greatest sport in < PROPFEMALE > . 
I got the bigger half of the wish bone !!! YAY !!! Thanks , Nessey , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > for the great day ! 
Having some problems with < PROPFEMALE > . not in the mood to mess with her , guess i'll just pay a guy to do it . 
Oh , < PROPFEMALE > , pls don't leave me . I love you ! We've had so many memories together ! Didn't I always keep you topped off with the good stuff ? Didn't I always keep you lubed up ? If you come back , I promise to wash you more often ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , you came back ! We're like soulmates ! But I'm guessin you like how rough I get after a few ! I'll admit , tho , you sure know how to make me feel stupid 
Oh my god . < PROPMALE > on tv today ! It is a good thanksgiving ! 
Burlesque = SMOKIN HOT ! Sigh ... one day I'll find my < PROPFIRST > 
just had the most incredible night . Started with an epic derby battle with the greatest fans cheering me on , had a few drinks , posed on a classic 1950 buick , stole a tank and ended with a caramel brownie . does it get better ? 
I love being a Derby Girl ! 
I'm freezing , my eyes are watery , my hair's one big knot ... but there's nothing like spending the day with a < PROPMALE > between my legs ! 
here we go again ! 
Today , I reached a new level of maturity when I passed a busstop in the rain and did NOT drive though the puddle and spray the people . 
welp ... another one bites the dust 
Great day ! Flew in a B52 ! Almost makes up for the low blow I received last night ... 
Spangler , wont go to heaven\ 
She's just another lost soul about to be mine again\ 
Leave her , We will receive her\ 
It is beyond your control will you ever meet again ... 
Yeah , the guitarist wanted me ... 
One of those days ... and no nessey to vent to :( 
How sad is it to go to a SEETHER concert and be recognized as \The Derby Girls\ " by the people there ? " 
Happy Holidays Everybody ! What ever you celebrate , hope it's a good one ! 
Dirty < PROPFEMALE > is the coolest derby chick ... EVER . 
WAAAHHHH ... Im old . shoot me now ! 
The year is off to a great start . Day SIX and already earning stripes defending my self ! 
i hate being a grown up 
WWII Marines are the hottest guys in history . 
< PROPFIRST > Zimmerman totally CREEPS ME OUT ! 
I forgot how much I truly love being in my skates with my derby sisters . 
ugh ... my third ipod in a year has crapped out 
YAY !!! My mom has agreed to draw the outline for my new ink ! 
yes i clicked it ... IM SORRY !!! IT WAS TEMPTING ! stop yelling at me ! 
Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > for having me over for the Super Bowl ! Awesome food too ! 
is there practice today ? it's raining in < PROPFEMALE > . 
this < PROPMALE > girl is in an < PROPFEMALE > kinda mood , for some reason . 
Calling All Derby wives , widows , and volunteers ! Wanna support PRD at our next scrimmage ? Holla at me ! 
tonight was most definitely a full < PROPFEMALE > 
Watch Out Flyers ... Spangler's going HOCKEY ! 
oh how i love riding a < PROPMALE > ! 
it's been a while ... hope i still remember how to handle my stick ... 
nothing like a hot shower and a bowl of progresso after getting your ass kicked on the track 
you shall not defeat me ... stripper pole ! 
does any one have a husband i can borrow ? For the bbq at the scrimmage ! 
grilled chicken and zucchini , steamed shrimp on baby greens , and now < PROPFEMALE > n garlic pork loin roast ... being on a diet sucks ! 
going on day three of no sleep ... wonder if this is the day i go crazy 
I know heart will never be the same , but I'm telling myself it'll be ok\ 
Even on my weakest days ... I grow a little bit stronger 
why is it that every guy that hits on me is from < PROPFEMALE > ? 
oh god , i hate my classes this semester 
broken hearted ... i think its run its course 
