Having all my old friends on here chatting with me 

Childhood crush\s come back so easy wow .... " 
Wow does a childhood crush happen till this day i guess .... wow < PROPFEMALE > believable too many hotties out here i guess .... hahahaha 
Getting out of the house , and having some kind of fun ....? 
Just got done eating cheeseburger pie hhmmmmmm , tasty ....! ? ! ? 
About to go to sleep .... ughhhh zzzzzzzzz ....? 
About to make dinner soon 
ABOUT TO TRY OUT TWITTER 
SLEEP , SLEEP , AND MORE SLEEP BESIDES CLEANING WHAT CAN I SAY I AM A CLEANING MACHINE ....? 
Thinking about taking a nap 
GOIN TO A COUNTRY BAR TONIGHT .... AND GONNA HAVE ME SOME FUN .... OH YEAH 
GETTIN MY NETFLIX , AND GOING TO ENJOY WATCHING THEM .... 
I finally met someone its about time ....? 
Cant wait to see my boyfriend again ....? 
CANT WAIT TO DYE MY HAIR TOMORROW NIGHT .. REARRANGED FURNITURE TODAY MYSELF .... HOW MUCH FUN ....???? 
Still trying to wake up 
A GOOD MAN 
Going to sleep but games are keeping me up 
Having some me time for once 
going to firehouse for karaoke ;) 
at fireside gonna do karaoke 
I threw the rest of my cigs out I crumbled it up and threw them away 
I AM LEAVING SUNDAY MORNING AT 5:00 AM TO GO TO NEBRASKA I CANT WAIT TO BE THEIR .... ESPECIALLY TO SEE < PROPMALE > AWWW HE IS SO ADORABLE ....! 
SO I MADE SPAGHETTIE FOR DINNER AND WHEN I WAS DOING THE NOODLES I WANTED TO MAKE SURE IT WAS DONE .... AND I THREW IT AT THE CUPBOARD DOOR , AND < PROPFEMALE > ASKS ME WHY I DID IT AND HOW IT GOT THEIR I TOLD HER THATS HOT I MAKE SURE THAT THE NOODLES ARE DONE ....!! LOL HAHAHAHA I THOUGHT IT WAS FUNNY . 
I HAD THE BEST TIME OF MY LIFE TONIGHT I NOW REALIZE I CAN HAVE FUN WITHOUT DRINKING .. WENT TO BOWLING ALLEY PLAYED A GAME BY MYSELF AND SCORED 141 OH YEAH , AND I MET A GUY AND WOW I WAS SO EXCITED MY SWEAT GLANDS GOT THE BEST OF ME , I EVEN BLUSHED A FEW TIMES .... I LOOKED GREAT , AND HE WAS OHH MAN SUCH A GENTLEMEN .. AND DID NOT HAVE 1 DRINK AT ALL \I AM SO PROUD OF MYSELF\ " .. HIS NAME IS MANNY AND WE EXCHANGED < PROPFIRST >.." 
WELL TOMORROW IS MY VERY FIRST DAY WITH \BRADLEY\ " IM A LITTLE NERVOUS BUT I IMAGINE I WILL DO JUST FINE .... " 
Gong to BED here soon so I can get up early .... 5:00 am early but its worth it to be with my adorable nephew .. 
I dont think its me its you .. but I have managed to still be here , and its been a month since I have even seen you , where have the times gone to , where have the reasons gone to , where have I gone into the night , for this light will and forever always be mine , and to be shared with the ones that I love that love me back and in spite .... 
GOODNIGHT ALL HAVE GOOD NIGHT .... IM GOING TO BED 
well well good morning to all 
Ughhh my mouth i wish the pain would go away .... good morning everyone 
Well I slept good I got a phone call from a friend which i dont know which guy it was from I couldnt even answer I fell asleep fast and good I guess me walking on weekends is paying off I fall asleep faster and dont even wake up till my alarm goes off .... what if it were a real man saying hes ready for me .. haha lol 
I just want a life that does not involve \STUPID MEN\ " no offense guys .... " 
Good morning everyone 
Goodnight all 
If you need a shoulder to cry on you can count on me , if you need someone to be their to understand your ups , and downs that will be me , if you need someone to listen that will be me , or if you just need anyone for no reason at all thats me . Just know I am going to always be me so if \YOU\ " \ " Need me\ " I will always be here because \ " YOU CAN COUNT ON ME \"." 
Knowing your true passion for something is only a milestone away , \ 
Knowing you are happy with yourself and the joy you bring to life is only one smile , or teardrop to stay , this girl will always be safe especially if their is no one to harm her in gods way .. 
Well it seems like I get to stay here in Nebraska this is my last and final \DESTINATION \"" 
Im letting my heart , and my soul go free because Ive got my whole entire life ahead of me , and my whole family looking after me no matter where I go I will always have eyes looking back at me .... 
Good morning everyone good to say I woke up in a good mood today and even made < PROPFEMALE > lunch 
Good night everybody him turning in .... have good night 
Their is a really bad \THUNDERSTORM\ " ughhh Bubba is going to bark most the day and wake up little guy if it does not go away .... \ " AND HE IS GOING TO DRIVE ME CRAZY WITH HIS CONSTANT BARKING\ " lets hope lights stay on \ " FOR MY SAKE \"" 
Well the storm finally gone away 
I am watching the movie \REMEMBER ME\ " its been forever and now I get to watch it on big screen tv so sweet " 
Good night everyone Im pooped out no nap with little guy today he only slept for 3 hours today but not at once ughhh have good night .... 
GOOD MORNING EVERYONE BLAHHH BLAHHH 
BA BLAH , BA BLAH , BLA BLAH = BLAH BLAH %% (: :) 
Well I have been working out every other night so I get good sleep waking up refreshed but still tired at first .. I am feeling better about myself each day proving to myself that I can do things that I think I cant do but I really can .... proving to my family .. feels even harder than I think .. I question myself whether if I am right or wrong or if I am just confused 
But I do know I made the right decision other wise I would not have chose this path that I am on today 
Stomach is feeling upset so Im eating TOP RAMEN mmmmm yummy and its beef , BEEF ITS WHATS FOR DINNER .... lol gotta love it 
Do you ever notice what its like being the youngest of girls or boys in your family , I do and most of you should know I am the youngest of 4 girls and it sucks it really does , you get treated differently , and you intend to know more on what to do , or even not to do and you think you can get away with more then it hits you their paying attention and you think oh crap I shouldnt have done that 
My nights are the nights I make the best because its the part where I am spending time with my sister , and my handsome nephew even if I am on here thats what I do , and I do put the laptop away but I cant stay away too long my favorite game \FARKLE\ " oh yeah I love it ..... " 
Good night everyone hope all is well have a great week my week will start as getting up at 5:00 am Tuesday morning , making fried potatoes for breakfast at about 6:15 or so and wait for little < PROPMALE > charming to wake up so I can love on him , and feed him .. 
I made a great dinner angel hair pasta , green beans , and shrimp mmmm yummy it was delicious and dont you wish you were here thats right .... lol 
Good night everyone Going to get ready for bed for the night have good night 
I made Pork chops , with grillin beans bacon already in it , and little red garlic mashed potatoes , mmmm yummy and \CHOCOLATE FEELING PUDDING HHMMMM MMM YUM YUM IN MY TUM TUMS\ " and you dont get any hahaha " 
God night everyone I am going to bed 
Good night everyone 
Ughhh I hate beingsick anyone feel like trading places with me .... I mean \BA BLAH BA BLAH BA BLAH UGHHH MAN \"" 
GOOD NIGHT EVERYONE UGHHH CANT BREATHE 
Good night everyone hopefully I will sleep better tonight I went from the bed to recliner and back to the bed sice Im sick , I could not fall asleep at all this time I have medicine hopefully it helps .... 
I am waching \BRIDE OF CHUCKY THEN I AM GOING TO WATCH SEED OF CHUCKY \"" 
I wish I really had actual scary movies I cant wait to get the newest Halloween movie I heard its a great one .... and yes I am a freak with horror , and thriller movies lol thats me alright 
Well I got to have some time by myself last night not bad I had a couple drinks , and watched scary movies it was cool < PROPFEMALE > was funny when she got home I laughed , and I am thinking how I have changed since I have been here , and how grateful I am for everyone that is in my life .... 
good night everyone 
Good morning everyone I slept like crap , I ended up getting at least a few hours of sleep and ended up getting sick .... ughhh the wonders f sleeping I am so taking a nap when I put < PROPMALE > back down after he wakes 
night all 
I am hoping for everyones support on quitting ....!!!! 
Good night everyone have a good one and have a safe weekend and do not believe what people say the woods are not haunted and their are no beasts , and they wil not come and get you hahaha only I will .... lol 
Long time \NO TALK PEOPLE\ " whats up " 
Good night everyone hope everyone has a good week .... I know I will and as the days go by fast for me 
SRUM-DILLY-UMP-TIOUS-NESS its been in my head all friggin day long I just had to get it out their its finally out of my head thank goodness .... lol 
Well I had an entertaing day , and active but not too bad my mind got lost today but I was in a good mood anyways and keep loving on little guy ...... well lights out for me goodnight everyone shalom for now I will be back on in the morning .... 
Taking one day at a time , and think about what needs done next or myself anyways ....!!!! 
Why do babies have to sleep sooooooo long Iam bored out of my mind .... 
Be very very jealous that I am here with little guy and your not hahaha lol I am so happy to still be here as long as I have been I really love it .... and am enjoying every moment 
Good morning world .... as if the wrold was right here before me .. lol 
Hey people we should play against each other in a game of farkle so can kick some ass I love the game .... so find me and play me 
I saw the mot disturbing things this morning when I took the trash out .... a fat man walking around outside in his underwear ...... lol but it was really gross 
having fun with new friends 
new friends its nice 
Ok everyone your in for a treat I made a video of mesinging last night tellmewhat you think but please dontbe too brutal .... lol 
If you dont have a blackberry torch you should its awesome and I love it its the best phone ever 
Goodnight everyone hope everyone had good weekend 
going to start new Facebook or something better going to say No Family allowed 
goodnight all 
Life seems to go the way people make it out to be , my life goes by the ways I make it all I am happy and grateful for the life that I have and have the people in my family actually know me well enough and know my life .... you people need to move here its the best .... 
I had a great time last night and the guy is at my speed he is sweet , nice , and cute he is 6\2 and stalky my kind of guy " 
eating lunch mmm its good 
I just want to sleep all day sometimes 
can't wait for my sister to be here if only all is girls can be together it would be nice :) 
at the bowling alley doing karaoke when < PROPFIRST > gets here with equipment .... can't wait 
I'm tired I don't want to be awake 
Goodmorning everyone Im sure you heard about my wild weekend well that side of me is done for a while or maybe for good .... but either way I just need to remind myself that I am not like others I am myself and that is why I am one of a kind I will always be the weirdo daughter in the family .... 
Going to take hott bath and then watch Nightmare On elm street awwww the joy and fun of scarry movie to get my adrenaline going .... 
Ok everyone I have gotten used to using my new phone I need < PROPFIRST > so I can add anyone in 
to eat fried potatoes for breakfast and I made it mmmm yummy 
my friend is here yeah 
well < PROPMALE > is sure one of a kind but good guy 
My friend < PROPMALE > carved my pumpkin for me today after watching the football game I took the seeds out and < PROPFEMALE > cooked them for me and their good mmmm I walked to his car with him and he grabbed my hand and swung me in to him for a kiss .... I want more Kisses mmmmuahh 
Liars never prosper , and cheaters never quit !!!! 
My secrets I know are deep inside my true feelings is something I hide , day by day I feel something new for this new life I wish is true 
Just got done eating dinner we had porks chops , baby bakers , corn , and thest ever GREEN BEAN CASSEROLE\ because I am the \ " BEAN OF THE WORLD\ " yes i am yes I am and the chocoate swirl so that makes me the \ " QUEEN OF THE WORLD\ " I know im a dork so watchya going to do about it huh ????....!!!! lol lol " 
Good night everyone I wil be on in the morning 
trying to watch a movie \OUR FAMILY WEDDNG\ " its funny as hell " 
Do you ever feel so suffocated by something or someone that you just want to scream well I do , and I want to but every time I look at < PROPMALE > he gives me smiles , and brings me joy and he lights up my life in every way that a \MAN CANNOT \"" 
I fell for his ways , and I fell for his smiles I fell for his careness and I fell for his dimples , the eyes are blue and his selfless acts , he says they were true but selfless love will take you back to those promised times , that you and that guy have actually had this time its my actions that are turning back you can no longer have this loving special girl beacause she does not want your acts .... 
1 week and 5 days till my birthday woohoo but what am i woohooing for anyway 3 moreyears till im going to be the \30\ " I dont like that # lol " 
1 week and 4 days to go and yes I am still going to count just like anyone else just so I can annoy my family until they say something meaningful :) lol 
Man no bbq baked lays with lunch i also like kettle cooked salt n vinegar too 
just got back from McDonald's yummy 
good night face boogers lol :) : ! 
at karaoke but may not sing I want to take some kind of singing lessons though 
Is their such thing as being a perfect person because if their is I would want to be that kind of person especially one that everyone likes , and wants to be around , and also will understand everything in my life and how things go .. soimetimes im not so sure 
Well their was a room full of people tonight and half the room was making fun of me they starred and laughed as I was singing \BLACK VELVET\ " which is one of moms favorite songs " 
The 11th is almost here but that means 1 age older :( 
So < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > went out last night with friends I got to stay and take care of < PROPMALE > and Ily she didnt even wake up , and < PROPMALE > well I got play the M-O- M this morning at 4:00 and wow now I understand what its like .... 
I love my family and everyone close to me thank you everyone for putting up with me and my weird deranged life . :) 
http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/11594 
goodnight family , friends have a good nights sleep :) 
tomorrow is my birthday yeah yeah , yeah yeah , yeah yeah and yes I may be a dork but Im alloweed to be .... :) :P 
I'm going to have my singing voice ready and get my groove on for tomorrow night ' yeah baby ' 
I can cry if I want to the song . from problem child I love that song lol ;) . : ! 
god bless our country for our men and women are serving I appreciate all the support we have in this world and on this very day . 
Wishing I was anywhere but here for the weekend 
Feeling a little down and depressed I wish it would go away been feeling it for a while 
Well Im coming back to Arizona :) keep your guys locked up ladies im for sure coming lol 
Ie decided California is the place for me last and final decision 
one sister per state I'm for sure going back to California and I can't wait especially so I can watch all my movies 
I'm bowling and I totally suck at it lol ;) 
I just got a strike then a spare lol ;) but I'm serious though I did 
I didn't even take energy pill and I feel energetic wow what a rush 
wow some people suck 
I honestly did not realize I am good singer I showed off and I can shake it too skinny chicks could not move their ass but I can lol 
Im watching DR . Seuss\s How The Grinch Stole Christmas its been forever my favorite part is when little < PROPFEMALE > Luhu comes out of the room and asks the grinch why are you taking the christmas tree .... that would sound like me lol " 
When was the last time you stopped and smelled the roses ? and tell yourself that its ok to be yourself , and if no one can except you for you then know you deserve better than your treated by them because you know you can have better friends than that .... i just feel ashamed 
My mind is playing healthy trick on me I was going to have chips , and salsa but then I noticed apples so I cut one up , and got glass of water too .... lol :) 
Goodnight everyone 
having fun with friends 
Good night everyone and to everyone that has known me since I was real young no I am not going to call you and say I am not calling for you I am calling for someone else lol its an old saying when I was little 
:) :} 
good night everybody can't wait to be in Arizona with family hope to see some friends too . :) 
I have finally got all my things packed up to ship to California , and off to Arizona to No Mans Land .... :) 
I am making biscuits and gravy for dinner with scrambled eggs 
I am excited to be their in arizona but at the same time I am very nervous 
I'm tired feel like I can sleep for days 
wishing I was already their in az so I can go to cali right away 
just bout to the airport going to sleep on the way their 
are we their yet 
finally on the plain to Vegas 
I'm here finally and relaxing and talking catching up with everyone 
is it morning yet ugh I'm tired goodnight everybody 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
I'm out to see if I can find my old friends good exercise though :) 
I am watching Easy A with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and brother < PROPFIRST > 
now were going to watch vampires suck 
I hate being sick ugh man I wish it would go away already that's what I get for coming back to Arizona 
this sucks I can't go online on my laptop its so much easier and I can play more games 
watching twilight saga Eclipse with < PROPFEMALE > my 4th time watching it 
trying to keep in touch with friends 
Why do guys have to be asses 
I CANT WAIT TO BE BACK IN CALIFORNIA 
put it this way who locks themsevles out of their own house ?? well I did it was frustrating and funny at the same time but good thing she came other wise I wouldnt have been able to go to the bathroom after having coffee lol 
sarge's dog devoured my cigarettes Damn thing oh well I have more 
my wrist is sure giving me the business ouch 
hey if u text me I can save it it is 4028066948 
Just got done cleaning now im making lunch and going to relax start packing my stuff and take nap then pick up the kids .... :) wow what a productive day I have lol 
well goodnight everyone gotta be up at 3-30 in morning going to California tomorrow I'm gonna be one tired short shit lol :) 
well Arizona I'm out have fun Facebook friends keep in touch have a good morning 
Well I got in town at 12:30 made safe and sound just checking everything out to see where my things are so I can drag them out just going to wait for mom to get home to do so .... and hopefully we wont be having \PIZZA\ " for dinner ughhh .. " 
Thank you sister for taking me to the airport I know its a pain but I know you still love me haha hope you all have good family fun this weekend .... and thank you for letting me stay as long as I did tell < PROPFIRST > thank you for me too please , and give kids loves I miss them already .... xoxo bean love 
It was nice to see you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is such a doll I love you both very much keep in touch .... xoxo Bean Love 
I so love the BFE everyone has lots of acres and its quiet but little too quiet 
Good morning everyone I am going to see how Mom\s job is I am going to work with her today and hopefully start helping her .... " 
Having fun with Mom trying to help out a little but not much to do .... lol their is always something to do though 
going to make crunchy chicken salad and have game night 
Hopefully going to make a crunchy chicken salad for dinner olives , shredded cheese , chicken , crunchy noodles , salad .... yummy 
I'm tired and bored I need to get stuff done 
good night everyone !! 
I am watching the movie Let Me In .... I sure hope it gets better 
Its snowing here ughhh .... it might as well be christmas all over again 
I have a pair of knock off shape ups shoes , and ot seems like there working I feel the legs burn and the butt well its starting .... lol :) 
Sister is that you in the \YELLOW\ " shirt did M-O-M make us look like dorks .... :) " 
Bring in the mob squad and the miss beauty qeens that can give me make over I really need it .... 
Life is great , then life sucks you never know what its going to be right now it sucks but im very grateful for everything .... 
good night everyone love you family and friends sleep tight .. :) 
No offense to some of you guys but guys stink .... 
Just got done watching the movie \Sick House\ " not bad movie " 
Why is it that guys get the best of you .. I mean why bother keep trying when you just going to hear something you dont want to hear , and also feel like you know what you should do .... 
Good morning everyone BLAH :) ~ 
Good morning everyone have great day :) ~ 
If you are positive than good will things will happen , erase all the negative and turn it into a posotive and you will feel great and accomplished .... :) ~ 
With M-O-M at work then bout 1:00 I am going bowling :) 
I'm out bowling its fun :) 
Just got done cleaning my room , the kitchen after I eat my late lunch \Crunchy salad I am going to do living room .... :) ~ " 
I am having coffee , with grapes , and banana for breakfast 15 minutes of treadmill and 5 minutes of arm reps are really paying off especially my new habits blended with old habits and I am still doin it .... 
Just got done eating crunchy salad like yesterday mmmm cant get enough of it .... and after bit going to work out again I did so this morning for 10 minutes and will do so again tonight .... :) ~ 
I worked out for 1 hour and 10 minutes today Im going back at it after dinner .... I am doing what I thought I couldnt do , and I am eating every 2 to 2 and a half hours .... mission accomplished :) 
Woke up feeling pretty hungry so I am eating grapes with my coffee .... :) 
I finally lost at least 7 pounds in 2 weeks .... :) 
Just got done power cleaning the house it looks amazing .... M-O-M loves it which makes me feel satisfied enough , and good that I did a great job :) 
Well I excercized for a half hour , and sat out and got tan , showered up , and I feel great I will sleep good tonight .... :) 
In about 5 to 10 more pounds off and I can start buying new clothes .. happy new me 
