finally decided to check my facebook after 5 weeks . taking drivers test thursday . 

i just want everyone to know that i am on vacation at the beach . so sorry if i've been ignoring you , i just haven't been on 
< PROPFEMALE > is taking over connors facebook ! ahh . . . not really , but he doesnt know im on it right now . (: 
Lately it seems like , Everybody's sick , Everybody's died . Build myself a wall up on happy highs , Know in my heart that my head is lying , lying . 
1 . Ap English - collier , 2 . Ap U.S. - Kramer , 3 . Newspaper - Marriotte , 4 . Guitar - Anastasio , 5 . Lunch , 6 . Physics - McClay , 7 . Church History - Favier , 8 . H . analysis - Bowman 
just got a new car ! 
just saw trailer for Gamer . figures that the only good movie they could make out of a game was one that doesn't exist yet . 
- if i wake in the morning i'll only need two more miracles to be a saint , everything i promised everyone i'd be well i just ain't . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes !!!! Haven't been on in a while , so need to continue my theme of song lyrics for statuses . Will have to get back to you on that . 
DID EXACTLY THE FUCKING SAME ON THE 2ND APUSH TEST . WHAT THE FUCK . Life sucks . 
AAHHH ! the ' new ' NCIS is a rerun !!!!!! WHAT IS THIS WORLD COMING TO ?!?!?!?!?! 
- Exit Light , Enter Night , Take my hand , Off to Never Never Land - 
still haven't started writing my research paper ..... but i've almost finished my research . the writing i could probably do in two days . 
< PROPFEMALE > dog and Omegalomaniac . 
can someone please tell me what the sheet says for Collier's essay ? 
is anybody going to the pep ralley tonight ? 
Believe me You've never met another one like me Bet you've never seen the things that I've seen Bottled up inside this time I'm taking back my life I'm rising up . I've had enough . 
ATTENTION ALL OF MRS . COLLIER'S AP ENGLISH STUDENTS : i am looking for a group for the english video project . now i know i'm probably not everybody's first choice . but consider this : by this time tomorrow , i will have completely dfinished my script . Just sayin ' , you should think about it . 
Legend of < PROPFEMALE > Marathon Day 2 . Ocarina of Time . Goals for today : Fire < PROPFEMALE > , Water < PROPFEMALE > , possibly Shadow < PROPFEMALE > . Moral high . Rainy , so perfect day for gaming . 
is giving up on the Legend of < PROPFEMALE > marathon . and i didn't even finish ocarina of time ..... why can i never finish what i st 
just saw avatar . Was completely blown away . lived up to all my expectations . I would even dare to say it was epic . however , the preview for the NEW CLASH OF THE TITANS movie was UNDENIABLY epic . 
Tell your kid to get a bit of ettiquette , before he splits his seed to try and spit a little rhetoric . 
w00t 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!! DON\T STOP SNOWING !!!!!!!!! " 
typical ....... its not snowing at my house anymore , but it still is outside of the neighborhood ..... 
All my life i wish i broke mirrors instead of promises , because all i see is a shattered conscience staring right back at me . 
will have his work cut out for him tomorrow morning trying to do math homework and annotate an entire book . plus now after ever zero grade my parents take away one of my games . fucking AWESOME . 
HELP STOP SQUIRREL AIDS . -SQUAIDS . It's some serious shit . 
does anyone know how to get to the blogs for english ? 
Anonymous . 
okay , i've calmed down now 
Every needs to see the spring musical . Now . this is not an option . It is just that amazing . Kudos to everyone who was in it , it was one of the funniest thigns i've seen since ever . 
You can't quit until you try You can't live until you die You can't learn to tell the truth until you learn to lie 
just had someone give me a shoutout on formspring . i made a difference in some stranger's life . this is probably the best i've felt in a good while . maybe spring break won't be so bad after all . 
OH MY GOD < PROPMALE > TURNER WASN'T LYING . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvjgIxuVdo4&playnext_from=TL&videos=T_qOyla6JhQ&feature=grec 
So what's the first thing i get to do after getting my braces off ??? MODES ! DUHHH !! fml . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHmodes . 
i crashed my car . i'm okay . the car's not . 
so , while everyone else was dealing with everything that had to do with prom , i went running , ate ice cream and cookies , watched some mythbusters , and played Mass Effect until two in the morning . I would like to think that i enjoyed myself about as much as the rest of you . 
\Love is just our way of looking out for ourselves when we don't want to live alone . \"" 
\The Right man in the Wrong place can make all the difference in the world . \"" 
i might be winning a guitar and amp ! will be finding out soon ! fingers crossed ! 
still waiting for news about the guitar ....... needs to hurry the fuck up . i kinda want to know if i've won . 
math homework ? yeah , stopped giving a shit . dont care if it means five zero's , i am done with this fucking year . 
Playing < PROPFEMALE > Sun on an extremely well-coded GBA Emulator while surfing Youtube and eating a bagel . Now i remember why being a nerd rocks . 
The loneliness is really starting to get to me . 
would say how i'm feeling , but i've realized that negative statuses are just cries for attention , so nevermind 
Just found the most Blatant Homosexual on Facebook . It hilarious , you have to see it http://www.facebook.com/profile.php?=73322363 
GAAAAAAHHHH !!!!!! Has ANYONE heard from tech yet ?!?!?!? 
I went on the biggest cruise ship in the world , para-sailed in the Caribbean , saw Chicago ( on the ship ) , ate lots of delicious food ( on the ship ) , and went to < PROPMALE > Potter world and subsequently got sick . Oh yeah , and I won $ 6,000 from Bingo on the cruise ship . What did you do this Christmas ? 
Eleven day weekend ! 
