gotta drive to freakin Colorado tommorrow 

About Time i got a Facebook 
I cant figure out how to do anything on facebook ...... I just want to erase the gay app 
why does it take all day to clean TA-50 ?????? 
I do NOT want to get up at 0500 and do PT tommorrow . AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH !!!!! 
Ok So ..... never EVER sneak up on someone with PTSD whilst they are in the shower . I almost punched my wife in the face :( 
mmmmmmmmmmm lunch 
We will have peace with the Arabs when they love their children more than they hate us . -Golda Meir 
Diplomacy is the < PROPMALE > of saying , “Nice doggie , ” until you can find a rock . -Will Rogers 
My fellow Americans , I am pleased to tell you I just signed legislation which outlaws Russia forever . The bombing begins in five minutes . -Ronald < PROPFEMALE > , testing a radio microphone , 1984 haha 
Show me a man with both feet on the ground , and I’ll show you a man who can’t take his pants off 
Ive got CQ Saturday , which is a 24 hour guard shift ..... You get 24 hours off afterwords but since I got it SATURDAY then Sunday is my day off . THERE GOES MY FREAKING WEEKEND !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Playing Oregon trail 
So , go outside and get in my truck , take off to work and hear a wierd rubbing noise . Yeah whatever , get to work do that till lunchtime then go to lunch and theres still a wierd rubbing noise . Im like wtf so I get out and look and some Idiot has done hit my truck and knocked my bumper back into my front tire . I guess they just drove off because there was no note or anything . Whats wrong with ppl these days ?? 
So , I called the MPs about my truck getting hit , they come out and stand around and look important . Then the female asks for my license , registration yadda , yadda . and the guy looks at me and says \are you sure you didnt hit something\ " and Im like \ " yeah dude I would know if I hit something hard enough to do that\ " ( more follows ) " 
and Im all , Yeah man I would know if I hit something . So he comes up with this BS \black box\ " thing in my truck he can plug a magic computer into that will tell him if I was driving and hit something . Then he says \ " if it says the vehicle was running when it was hit I know youre lying\ " So I told him go ahead and it magically doesnt work . ( continued ) " 
( read these from bottom to top ) 
If you read my post that says\(read these from bottom to top)\ " at the bottom click ( see 3 more posts from < PROPFIRST > ) to get the whole story . Thankyou much ! " 
So a priest , a muslim guy , and a Rabbi walk into a bar ...... BOOM ! the muslim had on an S-vest and killed everybody ..... Yeah its not funny is it ? stupid terrorists . 
NA ... PALM ... sticks to kids ! ; NAPALM sticks to kids ! EVERYBODY NOW !! :) 
Stupid Ghillie suit .... WHY DO THEY TAKE SO LONG TO MAKE !? 
Stupid mongoloids ..... stop molding the world to fit your idiotic concept of moral acceptability , ignorance , opinions , all all around idiocy . Its worked fine this long so shut up . 
You know what grinds my gears ? People who wont work , not people who cant , thats a whole other thing , people who can and WONT ! they just ride the wave because they can and no one cares to stop them , just saying my Paw Paw Miller had one leg , got it blown off with a shotgun when he was a kid and he worked everyday of his life . Lazy people irk me 
I love how I cant watch the Alabama game in Colorado . I have to pay 24 dollars to watch it on PPV . So , no football for me today :( 
Halo Reach is the best Halo goam ever made , ODST was horrible . Way yo redeem yourself bungie . 
I love how the bank can pick and choose when to deposit your money to your account . I got insurance money deposited Friday to fix mr truck . well the bank didnt clear it untiil today and charged overdraft fees for every little thing Ive spent . So 1007 dollars turned into 300 and the bank gets to walk away with about 300 dollars of my money . I hate life . 
Cleaning the carpet , ugh . 
I hate the bank , I hate the bank so much i might go up there and ( censored ) ...... 
Class A inspection ..... YEEEESH ! 
Went to the ball , had a good time , stole some 1-67 Armor 2nd Brigade Combat team 4th ID cups , Ready to go to bed now :) 
ROLL ON ROLL ON ROLL TIDE ROLL ON !!!!!! 
Just talked to DirecTV for the past 2 hours trying to get satellite fixed , That was the most rediculous roundabout stupid thing ive evr had to do that had nothing to do with the Army . Whatever I got Sunday ticket and all the movie channels for 50 bucks a month ..... yay me ! 
If I have to get a drug test to get/keep a job , You should have to take a drug test to get Welfare , Because part of my job is paying you . 
Is about to start punchisizing faces ....... 
Really want a < PROPMALE > Shepherd puppy .... But all these hippies in Colorado Springs want me to pay $1000 or more for one .. ITS JUST A FREAKING DOG !!!! I CAN BUY A CHINESE KID FOR CHEAPER !!! Does anyone know where I can get one for reasonable ? Or better yet FREE because its a freaking dog ? 
Wanna hear a good joke ? WOMENS SUFFRAGE ! HAHAHAHAHAHAAH !!! 
I should be president , NO ..... supreme religious ruler of the United States for 3 months ..... Checks and balances are good in theory , but in actuality it puts up enough red tape to allow congress to do what it wants and get paid off ..... to hear how I would help the US , just write me and ask me ! its not what you think , and others have said its excellent and they want me as their emperor ! HOO YEAH ! 
CHOCO TACOS !!!!!!!! 
Last year florida was #1 .... they got beat ... stayed #1 Alabama and Texas went undefeated , Texas was like #2 and < PROPM < PROPM < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > E > E > was #5 ... and then < PROPM < PROPM < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > E > E > beat Florida , went to # 2 Texas got beat , went to #1 and played < PROPM < PROPM < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > E > E > in title game ( or something like that)\ 
SO how the heck does < PROPM < PROPM < PROPM < PROPMALE > E > E > E > lose one game and get ranked #8 and freaking Auburn is #7 ???????? BCS IS RETARDED AND BIAS !! 
Oh and Airforce is ranked and NC state aint ...... someone please decrypt the logic behind the BCS points standings ..... 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH !!!! 
KUNTA KENTAY WONT STOP CALLING ME !!! 
Savy ? 
is in the agonizing process of switching banks , Superior Bank can burn and die . 
just carved pumpkins with the baby . walked outside and caught squirrels eating them . Just set a trap , when I catch em Im gonna knock them in the head with a hatchet .................. stupid squirrels 
So 710 is a pretty good credit score right ? 
Just nailed that squirrel thats been eating my pumpkins with a rock , knocked him out cold and was about to send him beyond till the wife yelled at me . So I left him alone and he woke up and climbed back up the tree ......... Ill have my vengeance . 
Credit is retarded , i was just looking at my credit report and browsing and I dont get how ; You have to have credit to get credit , but you cant get credit without getting a < PROPFEMALE > or something which requires credit in the first place to get . And if you apply for a < PROPFEMALE > and they inquire into your credit it lowers your credit . WTF I DONT UNDERSTAND !!!! 
Long Gun range tommorrow , but for some reason batt . is only authorized 500rds a month . So everyone whos supposed to < PROPFEMALE > a long gun doesnt get to fire it . wtf ? 
So , on top of all the other crap Im going through with my bank , some Douchebag has my wifes debit card info and is spending money like crazy on the internet . canceled the card BUT now the bank is being douchebags nit wanting to give me my money back , not even the 3 overdraft fees . Elkmont bank be forewarned .... 
Coal Chamber , LOCO . Song Im gonna play when I { D . E . S . T . R . O . Y . } the bank .......... 
Sie haben nicht genug versuchen , Schwuler .... tun es JETZT ! 
Headed back to Alabama for a week or so ......... wish it was under better conditions . 
Headed out to Alabama . Lord what a drive ...... 
Made it to Alabama this morning . Still havent slept , as of right now Im going on 38hrs and 12 minutes without sleep .... Thank you Rockstar recovery ! 
has got some running around to do tomorrow . yay ....... 
Youngun has a broken leg :( headed to Huntsville to get a cast . poor little guy , for the record , socks and hardwood floor = bad 
is going hunting in the morning , last < PROPMALE > till I go back to CO . Wish me luck , shot bow about 20X didnt hit crap . Probably gonna get one ;) 
Headed back to CO ............................. yay :/ 
is going to kill the DirecTV guy who hooked up my satellite , oh and also cut all my internet cables outside . had to fix it myself . AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH !! 
watched \MegaShark vs . Giant Octopus earlier on SciFi ..... Dear Lord ................... " 
What did Ol ' < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > say after a 4 day drinking binge ????? \ 
\ 
I FREE'D THE WHAT !?!?!?! \ 
LOL 
Life is good today ..... 
So Barak Obama went out of his way to call the Eagles owner and thanked him for giving < PROPFIRST > Vick a < PROPMALE > to play , GREAT ! :) EXCEPT this guy is taking time out of his day to talk to someone about crap that dont matter when theres a WAR on , the country is in an economic crisis , North Korea is on the point of going crazy . and God knows what else . Good job Obama , for showing us what you think is important . 
So apparently Aliens came and took all the deer in limestone county . there are no more . So be it ... whatever 
Geld verloren , etwas verloren , Ehre verloren , viel verloren , beherzheit verloren- alles verloren . 
Nobody ever comments my pictures :( D-bags .... screw yall 
Lets see , just gave my boy a bubble bath . made him a PB&J , sippy cup of milk , now we are watching some TV . Im loving it :) 
My cell is broke till Thurs . Yall need me call the house 256-712-2343 . Tanky . 
phones fixed . call if you want 
Ok so , If youre using your tailgate on your truck as a saw horse while youre cutting some lumber with a skill saw that just so happens to have a carbide tipped blade . Pay attention to what youre doing .......... whoops 
With the blessing of 2-12 Infantrys SGM , if and when my freaking leg heals , I will be sent to sniper school , Im just wondering whats gonna happen to prevent that this time ..... You better pass with flying colors Liles , or Ill kill you ....... 
So , I am thoroughly convinced that < PROPMALE > Shepherds are smarter than most Privates in the army . Considering everything Ive taught my dog takes about 10 minutes and some treats . And most Privates take a number of months and numerous sessions of correction through physical punishment to learn anything ... 
