Glad I've got < PROPFIRST > Buehrle on my fantasy roster ! 

Is it just me , or does anyone else think that Obama's linking government run healthcare to the Postal Service was an unfortunate comparison ? 
Daily Wisdom : Research is the process of going up allys to see if they are blind . - Marston Bates 
Where the hell was Kanye West when Gaddafi was speaking yesterday ? 
The only reason for the existence of the soldier is to defend the principles that civilian society represents . - Georges Clemenceau Remember our vets and servicemen ( and women ) on this Veteran's Day , and thank them for their courage , sacrifice and service to us and our nation . 
Dems lose governor's races in < PROPFEMALE > and New Jersey , and now Addelson goes down in flames less than an hour after the polls close . Looks like Obama has done to the Dems in one year what it took 8 years for W to do to the Republicans . 
OS Who ? 
Had an interview with Broken Arrow today . I know what Sata can bring me for Christmas tthis year . 
OK , people . Let's get this straight . When you dream of a White Christmas , it's supposed to be gently falling snow , not a blizzard ! 
Life often imitates < PROPMALE > . Right now it's imitating an Ayn Rand novel . - < PROPFIRST > Gibson 
Happy New Year . Happy New Decade , to all of you out there . 2010 was a year to survive . May2011 be a time to thrive . I hope all my friends relations and acquaintances have a wonderful new year and many blessings throughout the coming year . 
Is it ironic that I can't sub a Russian class now because of a Siberian Express ? 
Geaux Saints ! 
My life has more drama in it than the Complete Works of < PROPFIRST > Shakespere . 
O glaube mein Herz , o glaube Es geht dir nichts verloren ! Dein ist , was du gesehrt dein was du geliebt , Was du gestritten ! O glaube , Du wardst nicht umsonst gelebt , Gelitten ! If only I could still believe . 
The world is dark and dangerous , and full of monsters and demons . 
There was before me a mighty hill/ And long days I climbed/ Through regions of snow/ When I had before me the summit-view ? It seemed that my labour/ Had been to see gardens/ Lying at imposssible distances . 
A heightened sense of self-awareness and gun ownership is never a good combination . 
Sometimes the monsters win . Sometimes what we most < PROPFEMALE > must be given up and lost to us for its own protection . Sometimes Faustian bargins must be endured . I accept all of that and can go on with living . But I don't have to bloody well like it . 
No relationship , no matter how dear the person , is worth the lost of one's pride , reputation , finances , freedom or sanity . When it's over , walk away . 
Sometimes you have to walk away from a relationship when it is lo longer viable or within your power to influence . Rather than trying to hold onto something you thought would last , recognize that it has ended , let go , and move on . Grieve if you must . Hold on to the good memories , by all means . But let go . 
For all my politically-minded Facebook homies out there , everyone's invited to come to All Souls Unitarian on Wednesday night at 7PM for a discussion on Conservatism and Liberalism . Hust look for the Great Decisions meeting room . 
Whoever desires to found a state and give it laws , must start with assuming that all men are bad and ever ready to display their vicious nature , whenever they may find occasion for it . - Niccolo Machievelli 
< PROPFEMALE > day with gusts at Hillcrest that would knock you off your feet ( why did they build the Heart Institute to produce a wind tunnel effect ? ) Otherwise , a mild to moderate topical depression . Will need an attitude adjustment this evening . 
I have my books and my poetry to protect me . I am shielded in my armor . 
For me the man who is proud and feels how it stings to be slighted . - Walt Whitman 
I make myself up from everything that I am or could be . - < PROPFIRST > Dunn 
In every adversity of fortune , to have been happy is the most unhappy kind of misfortune . - Boethius 
The job of a citizen is to keep his mouth open - Gunter Grass 
Gone are the days of rushing to get your 1040 postmarked by midnight . I just got back from the Post , and now all tax returns have to go through the biohazard detection process . Guess the fear is that some wingnut from the right or left might take \a pox on the government\ " a bit too literally . " 
Almost back to normal now . Will soon return to der alte Isegrim mode . Introspection . Damage assessment . Reconstruction of defenses . Process nearing completion . 
Great gig . 1st & 7th hours plan , 1st lunch , 4 AP classes , and no class over 19 kids . Oh , and longterm , too . Well worth the 25-30 < PROPMALE > of driving every day . About time something good happened . 
Fun week . Get the APUSH kids ready for their EOI on Monday , THEN get them ready for the AP US History Test on May 7 . At least I've got another week for the AP World classes . 
Only Tuesday and the stress is building . I need some El Guapo's time today . Anybody else in ? About 4 ; 30ish ? 
Had to be at the airport by 7:30 am , arrived at work 50 minutes early , had to cover classes on both my planning periods . One long day , made bearable by mole at El Guapo's . 
The chances of running into a volunteer sub in Tulsa Public Schools are roughly equivalent to encoutering a Hippogriff or Unicorn in the building . 
Increasingly , the poltical battlefield is not contested by the forces of the right or the left , but by those of freedom and tyranny . 
OK , so now the Big Ten will have 12 teams , and the Big 12 will have 10 . Math teachers are pulling out their hair and screaming right now in all corners of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Great . I'm now down 18K in income for 2010 because POTUS browbeat Svendsen into stopping dividend payments . Yesterday my own BP was 140/102 . This doesn't help . At least I have company . 40% of BP stock is owned by Americans , not just individuals like my family , but public sector pension funds , teacher retirement plans and othersuch funds as well . None of those people will get a dime of their money on Monday either . 
Why does polirical discourse in < PROPFEMALE > increasingly seem like a repeat of 1856 ? 
The job of a citizen is to keep his mouth open . - Gunter Grass 
Every successful revolt is termed a revolution , and every unsuccessful one a rebellion . - < PROPFIRST > Priestly 
If there is a witness to my little life , \ 
To my < PROPFEMALE > throes and struggles , \ 
He sees a fool ;\ 
And it is not fine for gods to menace fools . \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > Crane 
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense , reason and intellect has intended us to forgo their use . \ 
Galileo Galilei 
You know you've been on the computer too long when you constantly misspell words on your FB postings because the letters are rubbed off of your keyboard . Ironically , I spelled this all right . 
Down to 1 car now . The ' 88 < PROPMALE > is still needing to be jumped and given a good mechanical checkup , and some damn idiot tried to < PROPFIRST > the Buick last night . When you've got SUVs , and Lexus ' on the parking lot , you'd think a 16 year-old , hoopie with no heat & A/C and a broken driver's seat wouldn't be picked . \ 
Of course , if criminals were smart , they'd find legitimate ways to steal in society rather than steal cars . 
I hate it when some little s -- t pulls the fire alarm during lunch period . Threw the whole schedule off and forced me to take the kids back to detention before I could get my lunch . At least the Bears and Packers can redeem the day . 
Fear not those who argue but those who dodge . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Ebner-Eschenbach 
Just how toxic is that D next to your name ? I got < PROPMALE > Potts ' mailcard today for HD66 . I've noticed Dems haven't been putting many party identifiers on their campaign materials since Oklahoma went 77-0 for the Red team in ' 08 . Until today though , I've never seen a Dem use a quote from the GOP state chairman in an attempt to disguise his affiliation . Unfortunately , that only works until the voter looks at the ballot . 
If you are part of a society that votes , then do so . There may be no candidate and no measure you want to vote for ... but there are certain to be ones you want to vote against . By this rule you will rarely go wrong . - < PROPFIRST > Heinlein 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > to < PROPFIRST > Moss . Touchdown ! Just a thought . 
Friday night , Another Round . La comedia es stupenda . Gotta love the floor show . What will Saturday bring ? 
At least in < PROPFIRST > the lights stay on . 
I think that the last time someone looked this inept in DC , the Brits burned the White House . Glad I don't REALLY need < PROPFIRST > Torain's points this week ! 
WadePhillips , < PROPFEMALE > Pelosi , and < PROPMALE > Childress . Who says good things don't come in threes ? 
Back in town after a wonderful Thanksgiving with the family . I hope everyone else is enjoying time with family and friends , copious amounts of food and libations , and some time to reflect on the blessings we have to really be thankful for . Hope all meine leute have a wonderful holiday and safe journey home . And if you'e flying , get that nice TSA persons name . That sort of thing is so impersonal when it's anonymous . 
Peace on earth , good will toward men . Except for the idiot that pulled out across the parking lot to hit me coming out of Lessons and Carols . 
Another balmy night in < PROPMALE > . Gotta love 65 degree lows at Christmas time . I'll be glad to get back home though . 
I don't know many places other than < PROPMALE > where you can see a pine tree growing next to a palm . 
Back in T-T own finally . Now I just have to get the post-Christmas shopping done . 
With at least 70% of the trucks I passed between < PROPMALE > and Tulsa Thursday and Friday being food trucks , why was Pyramid so low on food last night ? 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to Pitt . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to Michigan ? 
Should I upgrade to my new profile , or just wait until FB does it for me ? 
TU isn't even giving Kragthorpe the time of day ? That's gratitude for you . 
Quoth the Steelers . Nevermore . 
Goodbye Big Apple and Second City . Get ready for the Blue Collar Bowl between the Meatpackers and Steelworkers . Played , of course , in the city that was at the bank when soul was passed around . Love the irony of two teams representing cities priding themselves for hard-working blue collar values playing the Super Bowl in a city where Big D stands for $$ . 
