Im listening to Mumford and Sons cd Sigh no more ... It is amazing :D 

that is so strange and extremely scary 
I hate it when parents think they know everything , and if you prove them wrong they get mad , it annoys me so much !!!! 
I mite be going to Aerospace Academie 
I am at home =( it is so boring ... I left my only pair of shorts at church . i usually change out into jeans at church because i go right after so i left the shorts there so i couldn't go to school 
i go right after school is wut i meant 
i just figured out that < PROPFIRST > Tennant also played on < PROPMALE > Potter and the goblet of fire 
I am confused on wut to do on the application to aerospace 
im sad i have Saturday work detail tomorrow 
I officially love the opening for night of the < PROPMALE > by 30 seconds to mars 
I have had a horrible day , sometimes i just wish that people would not be completely stupid and impulsive .... and i kinda just wish i could end it all 
All Time Low has the weirdest music videos 
I need a new church to go too , do u guys know of anywhere good ( a Christian church ) 
My life sucks :( it seems like nothing goes my way 
I hate how some people , are so full of them selfs , and how people dont care about other people at all 
best pick up line ever ... < PROPFIRST > is red , sonic is blue , will u be my player 2 
i tried the yahoo vs . Google war for the first time , i thought that people where making the stuff up . well i typed in what are in both yahoo and Google , yahoo came up with what are you looking for , Google came up with what are these strawberries doing on my nipples !! 
Listening to my 30 seconds To Mars , This Is War CD ..... :D 
math homework is annoying :( 
working on ms. langs boring project o_O 
Taking a Break from Homework , and I am bored Homework makes me angry 
I am pissed off , I missed the bus this morning and slept in , well my parents didn't bother to wake me up , and today was very important there was a butt load of projects and homework due 
im tired and i have a stomach ache , and i am tired of people who r intolerant of others views and opinions 
< PROPFEMALE > texted between sixth and seventh just to tell me she saw < PROPFIRST > Tennant in sixth ..... Oh < PROPFEMALE > Why ???.... but i cant rly say anyhting cus i probably would have too 
OMG !!!! shirt pants , i am lady gaga 
I am so bored that I can hear the grass growing ..... 
I am so tired I can barely hold my eyes open .... 
totally upset I read on the internet that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > was hacked on twitter .... they stole a private picture of her topless !!! I just can't believe she would do that , why would she need a picture of herself like that ...... I thought she was different than all the other famous people , I just don't know what to think anymore 
I Missed the bus for the second time this week .... I think i have gotten so used to my alarm clock I dont wake up to it anymore =( 
I am not going to Mckeel next year , I will be going to Aerospace 
Im at books a million , and i have a killer headache .... IT SUCKS 
i just realized the song animal by neon trees fits perfectly into twilight ..... 0_0 twilight will ruin the song just like they ruined decode , and neutron < PROPFEMALE > collision . I just hope twilight ends before neon trees gets rly popular and is roped into the tragedy that is known as TWILIGHT .... ( crossed fingers ) 
i am so nervous about going to a new school for highschool , i will miss all of my awesome friends who go to the not so awesome mckeel . When does school start anyways ....? 
I got a Haircut and it looks surprisingly good 
ok evryone who deosnt know alrdy i am not going to mckeel anymore i am going to an aviation/engineering school . 
went to my orientation at CFAA and my earth/space science teacher is a huge < PROPFEMALE > wars fan ... her room has a bunch of < PROPFEMALE > wars cut out posters with quotes from the movies :D so excited ...... \ 
\ 
new obsession with < PROPFIRST > eats world's new single my best theory .... listen to it !!!! 
My schedule even though it doesn't pertain to anyone since im going to a different school , \ 
1 . Algebra 1 honors- Hunt\ 
2 . Team Sports 1- Longa\ 
3 . English honors 1- Gulley\ 
4 . Earth/Space Science Honors- Bradner\ 
5 . Aero ... Science 1- Miller\ 
6 . Advanced Human Geography- Cress\ 
7 . Engineering Technology 1- Bertuska 
there was this weird hello < PROPFEMALE > freak who was flirting with me in wal-mart earlier today o_O it scared me ... 
had to go to the foot doctor today to get my ingrown toenail removed .... the lady who did it said it was the one she has seen in a long time .... and the coolest part is that it had built up so much pressure that when she removed it blood squirted all over her lol 
finally get the resistance cd by Muse :D 
postthis as your status and see what people rate you 1 . Crazy | 2 . I'd marry you | 3 . Talkative | 4 . Sarcastic | 5 . I miss you | 6 . Bad | 7 . Moody |8 . Dumb | 9 . Mouthy | 10 . Spoiled | 11 . Random | 12 . Hot | 13 . Funny|14 . Fit | 15 . Amazing | 16 . tough | 17 . Cute | 18 . Gf/bf type | 19 .. Player | 20 . I love you | 21 . the ... best | 22 . My everything 
i had a rough first day ... but by the end of the day i was as happy as could be .... and i like all my classes other than team sports , i hate sports and dressing out :( .... my favorite teacher so < PROPFEMALE > is my english teacher she is rly kewl 
I survived a < PROPFEMALE > in the morning and on a school bus .... i c it as an accomplishment 
my mom is being tatally controling and MAKING ME !!! go to church .... she says that if i dont i will burn in hell and she wont care if i do cus its my own fault .... I HATE RELIGIONS !!! :(((( 
having fun at CFAA i made an awesome new friend Ludi ... and i am in the process of making even more :D 
Having fun at CFAA i have my friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > my cousin < PROPFIRST > and my new friend ludi , and i am in the process of making even more friends 
Oh , oh \ 
I want some more \ 
What are you waitin ' for ? \ 
Take a bite of my heart tonight \ 
Oh oh \ 
Say goodbye to my heart tonight 
tell me ur top 5 singers/bands , and if u want to u can recommend some ... my top 5\ 
1 . Neon trees\ 
2 . Muse\ 
3 . Three Days Grace\ 
4 . < PROPFIRST > Eat World\ 
5 . U2 
happy its the weekend and that i survived a new school and having to ride < PROPFEMALE > buses ... :D 
Crossfire by < PROPFIRST > Flowers sounds like U2 alot 
Pheonix rockz ! \\m/ ( O_O ) \\m/ 
The one thing about the weekend is the sweet bliss of getting to sleep in . 
I hate my mom so much that i am almost to the point of running away .. in fact the only reason i havent ran away is that i have no where to go .... :( :( :( :( , she is also forcing me talk to our neighbor about religion so she can try an convert me back to christianity :( 
Neon Trees is becoming so populer :) there hit single Animal is now #1 alternative song yay :D 
i love the beggining of i belong to u by muse when he does the girly whooo !!!, it makes me laugh every time 
I am tired of the Question things , there getting on my nerves ... i mean i don't fucking care who answered questions about me , so if u want to answer questions about me DON'T!!!!!! 
well since everyone else is doing this , then i guess i will give into the peer pressure :D ... \Like my status and I'll tell you ' the truth \"." 
I finally got home from camping .... I am so , very tired , lol , at least i survived :D ... though i got a tick :( , it freaked me out !!! 
i totally left my phone on the bus :( :( :( :( 
people amaze me how ignorant and stupid they can be , I am tired of living in this world that is meaningless , and simply annoying , I cant stand PEOPLE !!!! 
I Burst out into song when the car commercial that uses Tighten up by the Black Keys comes on 
OMG !!!!! I might be going to the 97X The Next Big Thing Concert , with my new friends , if anyone is interested tell me so we can all get tickets at the same time\ 
these are the bands playing- the black keys , chevelle , paper tongues , neon trees , sick puppies , against me !, the dirty heads , switchfoot , a day to remember , american bang , cage the elephant , finger eleven 
bored , bored and more bored ..... so if anyone wants too , comment on this telling me the most exciting thing that happened today , it can be anything i dont rly care , just something that isnt boring ...... 
Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , To my security , Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , To every enemy , Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , Were on their property , Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , Na , standing in V formation ...... :D 
raptor jesus became extinct for our sins !!!! 
lets take his leather pants !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
okay i need advice , my mom has no money to get me a Holleween costume , so we were going to come up with a costume from stuff at home , any advice on wut would be a good idea ..... Be creative !!! 
\But somebody told me told you had a boyfriend ? who looked liked a girlfriend \"= < PROPFIRST > Bieber " 
Listening to Sci-Crimes by Chevelle :D 
going deaf listening to music on the loudest setting , but going deaf is worth it 
MGMT doesn't do drugs ..... Drugs do MGMT 
they post-poned the launch AGAIN !!!! >:( 
I have literally done nothing on my Science fair project , I am probably going to fail all of my core classes because of that . :( 
YOUR < PROPFEMALE > WARS NAME ( The first 3 letters of your last name , first 2 letters of your first name , last 3 letters of your mom's maiden name ) 
< PROPMALE > potter the deathly hallows has re-defined EPIC !!!! Plus my awesome friends watched it with me , I screamed as loud as i could at the snake part , and cried when poor little Dobby died , so sad !! 
commas r very important , because with out commas this would happen . would you help your uncle < PROPFIRST > , off an elephant ..... now without the comma . would you help your uncle < PROPFIRST > off an elephant 
I'm falling in Love with My Chemical Romances amazingly brilliant new album :D 
I have the freaking key board cat song thing stuck in my head 
Happy Thanksgiving , be sure to thank all of the native Americans brutally Killed , and massacred simply so we could take the land , so eat all of your delicious food , and stuff your faces , for this Country was built upon taking whatever we wanted from \lesser Humans \"" 
i think im getting sick :( 
Christianity is just another form of Communism 
I am such a nerd , i just got done paying a game of starcraft 2 , that was so intense that after it was over i was shaking andd couldnt breathe because i had so much adrenalin .... But i won the battle :D 
I had a fun day , I got to spend time with my awesome friends , I got to go ice skating , and i finally got to see wut its like being a 3rd wheel :D and its fun climbing on odd little pillars in Ludis neighborhood 
Haha !!! i just realized that i have 69 friends lol , if u dont get y 69 is so funny , then just ignore it , bcus u dont want ot know the answer 
blah !!! blah !!! blah !!! i have the urge to eat a baby :/ 
The world is plagued by ignorance , and greed .... The only peace will ever be possible is if the people of the world realize we are all human beings , and should be treated equal , and put aside are differences . 
Blah !!! I hate being sick , i am so miserable , and feel like i am going to die :( i really hope i feel better by thursday 
SING ! it for the boys , SING ! it for the girls , every time that you lose it SING ! it for the world , SING ! it from the heart , SING ! it till your nuts , SING ! it out for the ones that'll hate your guts , SING ! it for the deaf , SING ! it for the blind , SING ! about everyone that you left behind , SING ! it for the world , SING ! it for the world 
I remember when i was like the only one who knew who Neon Trees was , and now almost everyone does :D they r so popular now 
2 DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS :D , SO HAPPY HOLIDAYS ALL OF U AWESOME PPL !!!!!!! 
i HATE !!! my parents ..... 
I took the stars from my eyes , and then I made a map\ 
And knew that somehow I could find my way back\ 
Then I heard your heart beating , you were in the darkness too\ 
So I stayed in the darkness with you 
\when one person suffers from a delusion it is called insanity . When many people suffer from a delusion it is called religion . \"" 
MGMT has a song about < PROPFIRST > Enno :D < PROPFEMALE > out of all ppl should know who < PROPFIRST > Eno is ... lol 
ok i am bad with money bcus i just bought an album off of itunes for 10.00 and i have no idea if its going to be good O_o , btw the album is brothers by the black keys 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Vanwyngarden r more similar then i once thought 
i have fallen in love with the used , there music is awesome , and original :D 
i cant sleep , and i have no home work done -_- procastinating ..... 
ok so i apparently have to stay home from school tommorow to baby sit .... for 1 the kids not mine so he isnt my responsibility , 2 i have midterms next week , i need to be at school as much as possible so i dont miss anything important .... this officially suckzz :( 
i want to go to the mall this afternoon , and get an awesome hat .... does anyone have an idea of wut type of hat i should get :D 
i had an epiphany .... MGMT is like the scooby doo gang , infact in one of their pics they have a dog that is the same type as scooby :D they r even hippies .... if only MGMT replaced 2 of their band members with girls then my life would be complete , and 2 very different obsessions from different time periods would collide !!!!!! 
\You can tell you've created God in your own image when it turns out that God hates all the same people you do . \ " \ 
went to the mall , and had a blast ... and i realized how awesome i am at syncing songs on my ipod with the radio , even though i couldnt get it to sync to sing by MCR .... 
i finally saw INCEPTiON .... one word AMAZIGNBAESTLYEPICLYAWESOME and i actually understood it the first time i watched it ... though the ending was rather confusing , and i dont i have ever had to pay that much attention to a movie EVER !!! 
i broke my wrist rly bad !! i hate only being able to use one hand ..... 
IN SO MUCH PAIN THIS MORNING !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > , cheez , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > ... when r we going to meet again so we can trade of < PROPFIRST > , and who is next to babysit him .... 
we need to make all of our profile pics the pic of each of us holding < PROPFIRST > 
They said all teenagers scare the living shit out of me , They could care less as long as someone'll bleed , So darken your clothes or strike a violent pose , Maybe they'll leave you alone , but not me 
u never logged out =P 
babies are odd , because they look like aliens , this is a fact\ 
- < PROPMALE > Jernigan 
Welcome to this Tragic Fair !!!! 
i hate having a cast its so annoying !!! 
Watching the grammies :D 
MUSE just performed on the grammies ... they were amazing , so pumped for mumford and sons performance :DDD 
If all your DNA is stretched out , it would reach to the < PROPFEMALE > 6,000 times O_o 
ludi just made me watch glee and they sang sing , and there doing it for there competition thing , i am temped to continue watching ... namely bcus they said they like my chemicl romance and they should !!!! 
are u a rare < PROPFEMALE > , cus i feel a lvl up ! best pokemon pickup line EVER !! 
I am convinced that The Killers may be one of the best bands in all of history !!! 
I Just went to the mall and saw The Movie The Eagle .. it was actually a really good movie :D 
so last nite i got 4 hours of sleep .... The reason is bcus my skool went on a feild trip to c the space shuttle launch .. well it took us like 6 hours to get thar , then we had to wait at the place for 3 hours till it actually launched ...... THEN IT TOOK US LIKE # HOURS JUST TO GET OFF OF NASA PROPERTY !!! and anouther 4-5 HOURS TO GET TO THE SCHOOL !!!! i ended up getting home around 12:30 ish O_o 
music is the embodiment of life , and without it our existense as people would be empty 
WOW i didn't think it would actually happen , and when it did i thought it wouldn't last long but it has .... I HAVE BECOME OBSESSED WITH MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE 
Its official < PROPMALE > O'Reilly is the DUMBEST ! person on Planet Earth , he is literally the most idiotic person i can think of , that includes people like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Sheen , and he is even dumber than < PROPFEMALE > Palin 
Stuck at a stupid doctors office sitting in the back with nothing to do ... I missed the stupid bus this morning so my aunt had tp take me with her to work 
we'll have Halloween on Christmas :D 
Thank God for Blink -182 :D 
i want to know ur top 5 bands/singers :D mine r My chemical romance , MGMT , muse , The used this inst in a particular oder but u can out urs in order if u want 
I get my cast off Wednesday hopefully :D 
CARRRRRRRRRLLLL !!!!!! 
I'm getting my cast off tomorrow morning , SO EXCITED :D 
< PROPMALE > CRISS JUST SAND ANIMAL LIKE ONE OF THE BEST SONGS IN HISTORY BY MY TOP 10 FAVE BAND NEON TREES :DDDDDDDDDD 
SUPERMASSIVE BLACK HOLE !!! 
I GOT MY CAST OFF :D 
Who Walks Among The Famous Living Dead ..... and without You Is How I Disappear !!! 
trying to stay up until 5 in the morning (-_-') this is going to be a little hard 
well today wasnt too bad ... i thk the only bad thing to happen today was my aunt died ... other then that today wasnt that bad 
is it just me or does that commercial for the game night thing with the tombstone pizza , creep u out ... that little kid who dances weird and the mom is rly weird and the little gril dancing in the back ground .... it bothers the hell out of me 
i cant move my neck :( 
Thank Jesus for Armenians .... without them we would not have one of the most amazing bands in the universe .... System of a down :D 
honest to god i will break ur heart , tear u pieces and rip u apart ... one of my favorite lyrics ever . I <3 30stm 
Its alrdy 1 in the morning i am not tired in the slightest and i have to start getting rdy for school at 5:30 wut do i do ????? 
trying to fall asleep but not even close to tried .... even though i havent slept in almost 2 days ... i thk the total amount of sleep is maybe 4-5 hours between both days , i wonder if i will die from sleep deprivation T.T 
i had an epiphany on the bus this morning ... the entertainment industry likes the idea of talking rodents ... have u ever thought about how many movies involve talking mice or ratz or wutever , or books , even tv series O_o 
wow i didnt realize how good a band could be til i listen to the airborne toxic event 
i don't think u trust .. in my self-righteous suicide , I cry when angels deserve to die !! 
today was fun :D and the beautiful weather made things just that much more amazing , i hope all u guys had fun :) 
i am 15 
i officially hate easter ... i went to target so i could buy some red-vines , but of course they didn't have any , instead they had a bunch of stupid bunnies ... :( 
if only i was blessed with ignorance ... for ignorance truly is bliss 
omg i just remembered the sailor song , and how weird i was and my friends when we all used to sing it , haha EPIC !! 
help is on the way !! -rise against- 
I wanna be praised from a New Perspective ... :) 
why dont presidents fight the war ? why do they always send the poor ? lol i love system of a down , thar music is very trustful :) 
thank you , < PROPFIRST > Flowers 
long day ... 
hotdogs ... with BBQ sauce and lots of cheese :) 
when u thk of me wut band comes to mind ? i dont know if this happens to anyone else but thars always that song or band that reminds u of someone for some odd reason ? 
i love to be a little < PROPFEMALE > lol 
i thk i am going to cry ........... 
so my first real break from school and work ... and i have to take care of a 9 month old baby who only wants to be held ... and my aunt cant lift him up bcus she hurt her back 
so i log into to league of legends it says i have to wait bcus the server is full .... and the place where it says ur positon in queue it said ( no joke ) OVER 9000 !!!!!!!! i officially love this game now :D 
rly !! not looking forward to tomorrow :( 
i can live without u but ... Without u i'll be miserable at best ! 
i am in love with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s voice :D 
i dont see wuts so special about the wedding thing tommorow ? 
Its Friday i'm in love :D 
a Unicorn is now called a PWNY !! bcus they pwn newbs everywhere :D 
38 explorations to mars and we have to write about all of them !!!!!!!!!!!! 
My little Sister wants a < PROPFIRST > Beiber doll . FML !!! 
if u were told tomorrow u had 1 day to live , how would u spend that 1 day ? 
ruled by secrecy- Muse ... is an amazing song :D 
this ain't a scene , ITS A GODDAMN ARM RACE !!! 
