Headaches Bite ... 

Facebook is new to me ... its confusing 
Tired as Hell 
Hoping for the best .. 
Expect the unexpected . Can tell you've been neglected . Are you feeling like This could be the night that everything is right it feels so perfect . And we're all we want to hear right now ... This could be the night it feels so perfect . I just hope I'm n 
You're just another < PROPFEMALE > that's burnt out to quickly , But I still see you shining 
is counting the days .... 
Tigers got this 
Woo Tigers kicked ass ! 
Got a new haircut ... it's still weird to me but i kinda like it . 
'' Its a quarter after one im a little drunk and i need you now . '' 
In the moving process and boy .... it really fucking sucks ..... Only a few more days ! 
Aint no sunshine when she's gone . Its not warm when she's away . Aint no sunshine when she's gone , She's always gone too long , Anytime she goes away . 
Almost done !!!!! Cant wait til i get my own bathroom in my new room damnit ! 
No , hard feelings , I still love ya . Sorry for my attitude toward you . 
All my devotion betrayed , I am no longer afraid , I was too blinded to see , How much you've stolen from me . 
It's stranger than fiction how you've decayed .... 
Say nothing , your eyes begin to burn , Lies , hate spewing as you turn . Away you walk our friendship and past forgot , I seen you do it betrayal forever haunts . How could you do this ? Just let me fall , face down my arms against the wall . I'll pick myself up I always do , Thrown it away again how typical of you . 
Gotta work at 1 , fuckin tired , kinda hungry , will i make a mcdonalds run ? 
This week is a hard one and will be forever more ... 
Going to see lady gaga when she comes !!! Can't Wait ! When are tickets on sale ?!?! 
Anyone else going to Mayhem Fest ? 
Take the time to write the rhyme Listen close you'll fall into my Thoughts holding on , the tension ungodly strong , You'll break me I know it , the friend is gone . 
Today has brought us all together , for the passing we'll remember . Think nothing of sadness just of happiness , were here for her as she's watching over . Her presence longs to be forever around us , passionate and caring , strong and uplifting . 
Cancun baby !!!! Ow Ow ! Getting my passport tomorrow ! 
Get my passport in 4 weeks !!!! 
Jagermeister is the key to happiness ! 
Peace , the jager has rested . 
9 more weeks ! Woooooo ! Fuck you waterford I'm out !!! 
\The pen is blue . The pen is blue . The god damn pen is blue ! \"" 
Fucking work at 9 ...... dreading it ... :( 
I hate big boy ...... 
Smoke another then hittin the hay . Gotta get up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > to head to the shit hole ..... ugh . 
I Love Sleep . 
Where I'm at right now , I ain't got no tolerance for somethin stupid , or hatred , or envy . \ 
\ 
If you bringin any one of those , How bout , Leave me alone . 
I'm in love with music . 
Lovin Tech N9ne ! 
Thinkin about writing .... but eating first . 
This headache needs to go away !! 
Circle of Death ! Fun as hell drinking game . Work at 5 til close .. >:( 
What a party :) 
Subway :) 
4 more weeks then Mexico bitches !!! Woo ! 
I'm feelin it . Definately . This is nice , just like old times ! 
Party at my house !!!! 
The simple things in life are the best . :) 
Partied too hard but going to do it again tonight . Taking it easy til then . 
You ask yourself .... why is it always your fault for being honest and truthful ? 
needs some excitement in life . 
Isn't it so aggrivating when you always want what you can't have ? 
Getting the fuck outta here for a week !! 
8 more days !! 
Just got from vacation , it was a blast ! Mucho Cerveza !! 
I'm back in town text or call me . 
Has never been pushed into a pool fully clothed shoes , smokes and all ... until yesterday . 
I love beer . 
\And you know this man .... \"" 
Party at my house on Wednesday at 7 BYOB 
Anyone thats coming , call me an let me know . 
Work was mess , time to relax and enjoy the night . 
Today was blah ... 
I wanna go to cedar point ! 
The weekend is coming and i cant wait ! 
Enjoyin the beer , gonna be a fun night :) 
Another fun night comin my way . Woo ! 
Long ass day at work ... ready to fuckin chill out . 
Anyone wanna drink ? 
< PROPFEMALE > in Chains soon whose goin ? :) 
Don't you just want to rip your hair out sometimes !?? 
\Just wakin up in the mornin gotta thank god . I don't know but today seems kinda odd . \"" 
Work all fuckin day tomorrow ... need that money though . 
I'm not your fool , nobody's fool . 
Eat , Drink and be Marry . 
The hair is freshly cut and dyed . 
Thinkin about doin a mohawk for the concert ... 
Your the fuckin best ... 
\I before E except in Budweiser \"" 
Wow i feel amazing .. 
\I couldn't face a life without your light . \"" 
Don't you hate those people that only talk to you so they can talk shit the next day ! 
Craving that Mcdonalds ... it's like a drug . 
Ugh ... it's too early .... yay work . 
Thinkin about movin out .. 
\Im doin everything i can to get my buzz on \"" 
\There's nothing in this world that can wash you away . \"" 
Im fucked up . Everything is great ! Hahaha 
I'm definitely lovin it . 
Insane in the membrane . 
I FUCKING LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Tipsy an headin up to party with the old crew . 
\Love hates me . I'm fallin down . \"" 
\What is this national whats your fantasy day ? \ " Love you man . lol " 
That just made my fucking day ! Woo ! :) 
Tonight is gonna be trippy ! 
Life is short so live it up !!! 
What's on my mind ? Food ! 
I will not blame you for anything , hard to realize , hard to believe , I know you did the best you could for me . 
Almost Halloween ! 
Feelin fabulous 
What the fuck ??? 
Right now my mind is racing\ 
Pacing through all these changes\ 
Thinking of how to face this\ 
Believe me yes I'm speechless\ 
Unspoken your my weakness 
I'm dying to know .. 
Kiss my motherfucking ass ... 
So lost .... 
You're blind 
Even though we had our fucked up issues i still fuckin love everything you do an howm uch an strong i feel . Wooooow ! Here goes a song that is playing on the radio an it blows my mind becuz i think that for you . 
Baaaaaby Your my aaaaaaangel ! Come an save me tonight .. 
It's the holiday ! ! Woo ! 
This shit is Fuckin awesome ! 
Cant wait for today to be over an it just started .. 
GET OUTTA YOUR MIND ! 
So many things so little time .. 
Bitch I might be .. 
I think my work is haunted .. 
Fml 
\All that shit seems to disappear when im with you . \"" 
Tonight is gonna be a good Fuckin night ! 
I love breakfast !! 
Wooooah < PROPMALE > . Tonight is a good night ! 
I hate this weather .... 
A new chapter has risen .. 
I love music . Especially when it explains everything that's happening or situations i've been and am going through . 
Had a great night , with exceptional interuptions , about to eat and fall asleep . 
Mcdonalds , shit im lovin it , eleven beers later .. 
Go away snow !! Come on spring time ! 
I want this more than anything before . 
Iam the bartender for tonight ! 
Ich liebe dich . 
I got a red wii for xmas !!! Woo ! Its goin to be a looooooooong night ! 
Gettin tipsy an playin the wii . Psh ha cant be more fun . 
Lovin every minute of it ! 
Your not just the bomb , you da mega bomb ! 
So far one day strong . 
Bought some new clothes today ... My pocket was screamin but im lovin the outcome . 
\Trust I seek and I find in you . Every day for us something new . Open mind for a different view . And nothing else matters . \"" 
Sixty bucks in gift cards to subway . Damn im stocked for months ! 
Just figured out what p.s. stands for ... haha 
Locked my keys in the car while its running ... today cant get any fuckin better .. 
'' If life gives you lemons , say fuck the lemons and bail . '' 
My work has to be haunted ... 
Something so little turned out to be enormous . I'm loving every minute of the intensity it brings on me . Only deeper will I fall . 
'' Its like caaaandy . Caaaandy . '' 
\Believe in me . I know you've waited for so long . Believe in me . Sometimes the weak become the strong . \"" 
\Cause I don't wanna come back down from this cloud . \"" 
Im so fuckin happy ! 
All these Disney movies have so many subliminal messages . The old tv shows and there songs backwards are very disturbing . Way to go Walt Disney . 
Blastin Motley Crue with the madre ! 
Taaaccooooo Diiiiip ! 
Despite my anger my heart belongs to you . 
Getting reunited with my siblings . God how I miss them so fucking much ! 
'' Theet!'' 
Don't text 911 to facebook . They will not help you . 
Jubilant ! 
Empty house Friday ! 
Party up or go home ! 
I want to learn how to break dance 
Oh no .... Mariah < PROPFIRST > is playing in my living room . Haha 
Me : You got fantasy on there ? \ 
Mom : Ya lets play it !! \ 
What have i gotten myself into .... 
Why does facebook keep telling me not to text 911 !? Im not texting that ! Wtf .. 
Going through this tragedy can never be easy because it dangles itself in front of your heart teasing . There will come a time for joyful memories and remembering , but for now it's time for gentle , sentimental healing . 
Nymphetamine 
I Love Type O Negative !! 
Just burnt a badass cd ! 
God I love R&B so soothing 
About to be a good ass night ! 
Sonic how i love you ! 
Fuck you . Fuck me ? Oh baby dont threaten me with a good time . ;) 
Nyquil finally kicks in . Ahh going to get good sleep tonight . :) 
Today is a great day ! :) 
It's so fuckin nice out an im stuck working all day ... what a bitch ... 
Cant escape the Riharb ! 
I love this blanket 
\I never really wanted you to see the screwed up side of me that I keep . Locked inside of me so deep . It always seems to get to me . I never really wanted you to go so many things you should have known . \ 
I love jager !!! What a fabulous monday . Hell ya ! 
Wasted driving for an answer . Music saves me . 
'' I think im losing im losing my mind . '' 
\In 7 days my schizophrenia breaks my brain cavity waves . \ 
You'll fucking get yours one day . I pray < PROPFEMALE > eats you alive . 
Just found my package deal for the trip . Woo !! 
Scarface ... Pure mobster legend . :) 
Almost drunk keep it comin 
I love breakfast ! 
