The girls are home with < PROPFIRST > while I work .... I wonder what they are gettin into ... 

OUCH !!!! 
My Friend < PROPFIRST > ! God Bless you < PROPMALE > ! This is < PROPFIRST > not < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Happiness/Calmness/Warmth/Vision/Clarity/Love ! 
My Wonderful Friends and Their Families , Wish we had more time to talk , but there is always Tomorrow !!!! Love All of You !!! 
Jaded 
Starting off the New Year with a BANG 
Anybody know of a good and cheap Massue ( massager person ? ) ?? Im desperate !! 
Temperarily unavailable . Will respond to All posts , messages and texts when I am able to . 
Sooooooooo Sick ......... but soooooooooooo worth it ! 
GeezLouise FB Slow down !! 
Crabs , crazy < PROPMALE > at the bar , LOTS of Patron , stealing beers from Chris ... and top it off with some Scooby Snack from a fine a ** waitress ..... yup , life is good ( and a little weird ) 
\Fortunatly my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of the average human\ " ~ Shrute " 
sick AGAIN !!!! What did I do to deserve this ? :( At least the rain can lull me to sleep .... 
Much to do .... many to see ..... i need me sum vitamin C ! 
Everything is looking a little smokey still 
Ahh , finally , a night for ME ~ im gonna take full advantage of some peace and quite .... 
Good friends are hard to find ... and when they leave .... I wanna shed a tear ..... u know who u are 
Hittin up Tango < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to watch some sexy Brazil Chicas shake it like a salt shaka ~ 
People keep asking me why I'm so happy ...... come on people !!!!! This world and the people in it are BEAUTIFUL ! Life is only as complicated as you wanna make it ~ Drama Free Is The Way To Be ..... THAT'S how I stay happy :) 
Lazy Dazy ..... Gearing up for Tango tonight with my ladies !!!! 
.... in the end ... it looks like I'm the one who got their ass kicked :( One of those days where you just want to fall asleep so that it will just be over already .... 
Ballard's bustin my balls man ! 
°Easter reminds me of my mom and her baskets full of lipgloss for me :) its the little things in life that gives me pleasure ... and when all we have is mem 
I love lazy day weather !! 
Ahhhh ~ poolside is definatly the place to be right now ! 
Loves a good nap !!! Oooo man ! Rested , refreshed and ready for the weekend ! 
Needs a good laugh ..... comedy store here i come ! 
Perfect day for taking the dogs to the park .... 
And im off !!! 
Ugh ! What the heck is one to do on such an ugly day ?! 
ñMmmmmmHmmmmm Ballpark food here I come !! Im going to need a personal trainer by the end of today ..... anybody know of a hot , studly trainer that could who 
ñop my a*s back into shape ?! 
Is still full from yesterday .... barf 
Is FINALLY wiring her harness and realized her soldering gun Just maybe her favorite new toy .... 
Needs food in her tummy pronto !! 
Let the day begin ........ lookin forward to a relaxing weekend ...... 
Is hearing < PROPMALE > music in her head ...... it must be GO Time !!! 
..... must ..... stay ....... awake ...... 
..... in a battle between work time and siesta time , the bed will win everytime ..... 
.... backstage with Redman & Nickatina .... just anutha day ~ 
Hasn't slept yet .... been to entranced by the patter of raindrops .... 
Making fresh tortilla soup for the familia ..... 
Is a Bonafide daddy's girl and proud of it dammit 
31cent scoop day at Baskin Robbins .... everyones going crazy ! How come ive never heard of this ?? 
Nuthin like a good < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > burrito to fill a hungry girl up !! 
Some fool spilled my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > and didnt even offer to replace it ! What happen to gentlemen ? 
Applied my deodorant on Top of my Tshirt ..... hope this doesnt set the pace for the day , cause we're not off to a good start ..... 
Whoa ..... Ludacris & < PROPMALE > Songz , Sex Room ...... i cant remember when just a song got me that hott & bothered ..... Genuine , My Pony perhaps .... 
Yessssss !!! Love wakin up to a tile saw outside the bedroom window first thing in the morning .... 
Laying on a blanket reading at the park while Osita runs amok 
oWalking the dogs down a jetty and there were 21 felines scattered amongst the rocks all just mad doggin the dogs as we walked down the aisle .... that was 
othe scariest pack of cats ive ever seen ! 
Home alone ..... what to do ...... gotta make it something good , this is a rare occurance ! 
Sun bathing with the dogs ..... 5 minutes and i already look like a true puerto rican !! 
Just realized tomorrow is Cinco De Mayo !!!!!! What's poppin San < PROPMALE > ?? Let's party ! 
Anyone who knows the true reason we celebrate Cinco de Mayo gets a prize !!! 
Queer people of color conference at SDSU .... i just report em like i see em ... 
ÚDo I have the right to do physical bodily harm to the man who hit a dog with his car ?? And then honked and yelled at it while he laid yelping and whimper 
Úing in the street ...... like it was the poor dogs fault ??! Humans disgust me 
Beach Bummin .... 
Yesterdays history , tomorrows a mystery ...... Best says it best ..... 
Beach .... check ! Shower .... check ! Next .... Aja's and big hugs from baby bro , ive been waiting too long for this ! No more excuses ! 
Put 10 people together After a game of beerpong and try to decided which club to hit up next ..... we started this descusion a good 15min . Ago ..... 
Dont stop till u get enough ....... 
Sometimes it sux running into peeps from high school ...... unless its < PROPFIRST > carpenter !!!!!! 
Partner assistance stretching desperatly needed after last night ! My body weary ... as the late and great < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would say 
If i could just find a career that requires laying around in the sun in my bikini ...... im kind of a pro at that ....... i think i would make millions 
Im so hungry it hurts ...... literally 
I do believe Papa Johns garlic sauce is one of the best flavors in the world ..... thats just my opinion 
Crappy creepy weather ..... fits my mood 
I love how dogs always know when u just need a little love 
Please make it stop ... 
Good friends are amazing 
Middle aged men and their toyz ..... gotta love em 
4 more hours and ill be sippin margaritas on the beach in La Roca 
We came , we saw , we drank ..... we fell asleep on the beach . LIFE IS GOOD ! 
Home is where the heart is ..... its also where daddy and i lay around reading books all day . Have i mentioned ..... Life is GOOD 
I wanna make love in this club ..... 
I think ..... i need a doctor .... 
Anybody ever have their appendix removed ??!?? 
Dht they had thought of everything .... they go and surprise me ! 
DI think ive discovered the craziest book of all ..... a woman who murders men when shes on her period ! ONLY when shes on her period ! Haha Just when i thoug 
Cant WAIT to see the McGrubber Movie !!!! 
Late night creative juices flowing ... 
Chinese medicine vs traditional doctors ..... thoughts ? 
I just saw a full < PROPFIRST > get raided on the freeway .... dogs and coppers everywhere ! 
God i love the way a Glock feels in my hand .... 
... when in doubt ..... just do it ... 
I love it when i get EXACTLY what i want the second i want it :) 
The little one is off to slumberland ..... why does time fly so fast when we're having fun ??! 
Oh man oh man .... the countdown begins .... 4 days until Memorial River Madness !! 
I like new friends :) 
I bet my Philley could top ur B-La big brutha < PROPMALE > ;) 
Has got rasta maddness !!! 
I NEED NEED NEED the new Shellac nail polishes !!! OmG !!!! 
Loves it when alarms pierce thru the house for no damn reason .... is ot really time to get up ??!! NO !!!! Then why am i ??? 
I slipped a tortilla under my pillow and The < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Fairie left food in my fridge !! 
XOk , im officially mortified . I was in the parking lot trying to stick my key in the door and it wouldnt fit so i start to panic ..... and then the owner of 
X the car approaches and asks me what i'm doing . Not even my car !! Oh man whatta doofus ! 
I just dipped my eggroll in the sweet & sour sauce ..... and it tasted like blood . I've officially lost my appetite .... 
Hot sun ..... cold beer ..... and lots and lots of skin .... im never coming home ! 
In the middle of the river ....... and i STILL managed to find someone who bought the Evans v Jackson ..... good to know I havent lost my touch ;) 
Its not even 8 yet and these savages are making me get up to start partying again !! Swear to buddha .... didnt I just fall asleep ??! They show no mercy ! 
Cameras provide evidence ..... 
I can feel the river taking me over ..... I dont even WANT to wear clothes anymore ..... F**k pants ! 
They want to eat me ALIVE !!!! 
Gotta love daddy and his Raidolitos .... savior ! 
Aww naww hell naw ya'll been up and done it !!! Round 4 here we go ...... 
Movin my hips like yeah ...... theres a party in the USA 
Apparently ..... i've lost a day 
Cant sleep 
Yes ..... i am a professional nut cracker 
Is outta commission .... but is searching for a sexy nurse and will be holding interviews next week . 
I kind of like hangin on El Cajon Blvd on the lower digit streets . You live such shelter lives . 
Wishes she could go to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > show tonight . Im sad . 
Just when i thought it couldnt get any worse 
Post apocolyptic dreams are never a good sign .... especially when I've been having them for over a year every night . 
My dog knows the difference between Going Out clothes and Staying Home and Relaxing clothes and will act accordingly depending upon what i put on ..... dam 
n I love smart doggys !! 
So apparently my lifestyle is hurting my body and i've been told to slow down .... grandma hasn't slowed down , why should I ??!! 
I ate way to much meat last night .... but with J$$ on the grill not even a vegetarian could resist ! 
At home depot with dad .... he has me guarding the soil so no one takes the ones he wants :) 
Anyone needs firewood for bonfires this summer let me know ..... boss is getting rid of scrap wood 
Home depot ..... round two .... dad really wants that bag of soil ! 
About to lay poolside with one of my favorite people in the world 
Anyone know hypnosis ? 
I keep kicking the dogs out and the lil boogers keep opening the door and sneaking back in ! 
Watching Pirate Radio with pops and the dogs ... 
People are changing . Getting harder , less gentle . Our attention span is shortening . We can not concentrate . We do not care unless it directly concerns us . Sex has lost its signifigance . Love is a joke . Violence is a way of life . No respect for the law . Crime DOES pay . Religion is just another cult . I feel sad and sorry for those who fear true emotion and run from their feelings . I do not pray , but I always have hope . 
Ex-wives are handy when you're in a pinch 
Errands for gas money ... i love it ! 
I want to go to the zoo and watch the birds ... 
Down the highway and through the hills , to grandmothers house i go ... family reunion here i come ! 
Just taught the kids Pound Sides Brown .... Sean & < PROPFIRST > would be sooo proud 
Why is it people always feed their dogs hamburgers in books ? 
I fly , he buys .... i can dig it 
Ok people .... anyone need firewood for this weekend let me know . Ill be brining home a large load of scrap wood , perfect for bonfires ! 
Told you so ..... crime pays .... 
Does anybody have an ebay store ? Or know where one is ? 
Watching the fireworks from the upper deck with papa 
Im already up and ready for the day .... feels weird at this hour .... but kinda good 
Ive got the urge to play some video games .... do arcades still exsist ? 
I never noticed that birds chirp and sing all day AND night .... but they do . 
Ive got to wash my hair ..... and No , thats not just an excuse 
Watching the lightening over El Cajon ..... we're in for some weird weather ! 
I smell like wet dog & chlorine ... just nasty in this heat 
My foot has doubled in size and i can not move my toes .... I think something is wrong 
Im renaming my dog Patches ..... i seriously Effed up her haircut ! lol 
Eating < PROPFEMALE > baked beans for a snack .... hope i dont blow a hole in my bedsheets tonight ... who wants to sleep over ?! 
4th Annual Zombie Walk !! Who wants to be undead with me ?! 
Watching a bum piss on the bus stop bench ... fucking disgusting piece of human filth ! 
The time has come my friends ..... siesta ! 
What the f**k is everybody staring at ?! 
As im flying throught the air falling off the top of my jeep , i see < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > in my head and i think to myself , tuck & roll !! 
Waves crashing at Sunset cliffs + city lights at night + Sea World fireworks = I LOVE San < PROPMALE > ! 
2 shades darker in less than half an hour , gotta love the San < PROPMALE > sun :) 
It's Organization Week !! Garage Sale this weekend ! 
It's official ..... starting Home Dayz this week . SPending waaay to much on gas , u wanna see me , u do the legwork 
Eat < PROPFEMALE > roasted peanuts and then drink some milk .... tastes ALMOST as good as a PB&J ! 
Making a blanket .... im not cold yet , but i will be ! 
Cruisen down the 94 bumpin Shade Shiest .... i LOVE my city !! 
Is cookin 
< PROPFEMALE > oreos for breakfast .... cause i'm a bad girl 
Making jelwery and hair extensions with Toriana Costantino 
Anyone need bonfire wood for the weekend hit a sista up ! 
is organizing stuff 
Oreos for breakfast , thanx a lot < PROPFIRST > , this has GOT to stop ! 
Hiccups make me feel like im gonna throw up 
Is Dipped & Fresh ..... not sure what that means , but < PROPMALE > Dre says it all the time and it just feels right 
Oh dear lord i LOVE me sum firemen !! 
Calling all Scotties ..... this < PROPFEMALE > is curious ..... who is < PROPFIRST > West ??!! * insert wolf whistles & cat calls * 
What is the long term effects of waking up with a smile on your face everyday ? 
Flexing my Creative muscles today ... I can't seem to stop ! Calling all bohemian godesses out there .... I'm debating have a Jewelry Party ..... all the girls getting together to combine and trade their creative talents , sound like a good idea ? 
Monday mid afternoon and EVERYONE is on Facebook , lol , I popped on for a second to to some organizing and answers messages and got BAMBOOZLED !! 
Just realized i have a choice !!!! I dont have to freeze my **** off !! Thank the goddess for dual air settings !! 
OK , that's all I can take . I call quits on today , I officially give up .... 
New Goal : Nobel Experiment ..... I WILL find YOU !!! 
LISTEN UP : I have a storage unit that expires in 10 days , EVERYTHING MUST GO ! If there is ANYTHING that anyone needs for a household please contact me . I have everything from furniture to kitchen supplies and random decoration items . ( Couch set , Chaise lounge , bookshelves , wood entertainment center from < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , pyrex cookware , electric can openers , basically , freakin EVERYTHING ) 
A squirrel attempted using my Jeep to commit suicide !! I want NO part of his death mission ! 
Pardon my FB ignorance .... but what does \poking\ " do ... other than piss people off ? " 
Ever attempted blowing your nose with a medium sized jawbreaker in your mouth ? In case you were wondering , the immense size of the jawbreaker streches your cheek , positioning your nose so that snot comes out at a severe < PROPFEMALE > all over your face . In case you were wondering ... 
Cruise control . Another fabulous way to fall asleep at the wheel . No bueno 
LADIES : Just because you're beautiful doesn't give you a free Bitch Pass ..... karma WILL getcha 
Just stepped into the shower with my knee socks on .... this is going to be an interesting day i can tell already 
Gigante Garage Sale Saturday !!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Street La Mesa : Furniture , books , kitchen supplies , holiday decorations and whatever else we can drag out of dad's garage ! 
I woke up to find a Gorgeous boy in my house !!!!! Am i still dreaming ?? Where did he come from ?! 
To all the LAME-O's who delete people from their Facebook when you're mad at them ...... you suck 
A dude just threw his business card into my jeep window as i was parked at a light .... WOW ... u boyz are gettin dangerously creative 
The flow is so butta you could spread it on ya toast 
In honor of Mr Diwa ...... Welcome Home !!!! Missed you like crazy Foo ! 
The sound of my sniffling nose makes me wanna shoot somebody 
Why are my thoughts coming so slow ? Am i getting old ?? 
OMG ! I messed up sooooo big ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > Bloomquist for being the best neighbor ever !! 
Witty sarcasm bordering on rudness kinda turns me on 
The Black Seed & The Black Keyes rocked the house & my world ! Thanx < PROPFIRST > ! Gooney Birds 4 Life ! 
I dont know why I'm on Facebook when Im supposed to be getting ready for work ..... somebody stop me ! 
My doggy is afraid of flies :( i dont know whether to laugh or console her , lol 
To my dear friends who were with me on the EVENTFUL night that began at JT's ( where I lost my keys , the title to my jeep , and several other items from my purse , oh yeah , and picked up a midget and took him with us to Dennys ) ....... I just made the discovery of a LIFETIME ! Apparently even in my drunken stupor I was looking out for myself .... I found the MOTHERLOAD shoved UNDERNEATH and up INSIDE the passanger seat ! 
There is nothing more satisfying than taking care of yourself 
At which point are u supposed to stop watching your temperature rise and go to the hospital ? 
Hand over your heart lets go home 
I like it on the floor 
At work all by my lonely :( 
Why is everybody Poking me ??!! What did I do ??!! 
Ready for some entertainment .... i can barely contain my excitement at the possibilities ! House to myself for a whole week .... let the games .... BEGIN !!! 
Bye Facebook .... off to play with < PROPFIRST > Barksdale ..... enter the Cave of darkness , wonder and mysery .... 
I LOVE the Grossmont Center Panera !! They treat me like a Freakin < PROPFEMALE > !! Gotta love that service with a smile ;) 
Im < PROPFEMALE > gonna see you again so i just had to say Hello there , you are an Angel ..... ugh , gotta love that Aussie charm !!! ALMOST had me at Hello 
Tackle football at the park .... who wants to get muddy ?!!! 
I need a kitten . Anyone have one ? 
Purple Spirit Day .... Support ! 
My dog sees ghosts 
Impromtu photo shoot ..... why , you ask ?.... because we're Female !!! 
What's this \checking in\ " thing ? " 
Its possible ive broken a toe 
I love the relationship status \it's complicated\ " LMAO .... well of Course it is silly ! " 
Just got called a knuckle head by < PROPFIRST > Hunt ..... and it made me laugh , Really hard . Thnx for the smile J :) 
Morning run complete ... now I need a freakin hot pad for these cramps :( I hate how those bitches on the Tampex commercial make swimming , running , yoga , tennis , and even clubbing look so damn easy and painless !!! Effin LIARS !!!!! I wish I had a penis for a week instead of ovaries :( 
Sometimes i wonder how the males species ever stayed in exsistance without us .... im not callin u guys stupid , just saying u need a little help 
Just performed my first army field wound dressing bandage ! We dont need no stinkin ER ..... Because my father is a Man and real men dont go to the doctors , pssh 
I am the master of my fate . The captain of my soul . 
Black Dynamite .... hands Down the best movie around !!!! 
Talib @ Spin , Fluxx , Sting , < PROPFEMALE > , 207 , The W , Monster Bash downtown , Quality Social ........... Too many things going on tonight !!! Somebody help me narrow it down ..... what's poppin in Dego kids ?? 
I'm already over it . Sorry guys , I'm REALLY trying .... but none of this going out isht sounds like fun anymore . Unless you have something to WOW me with , I've seen it all and done it about 7 years ago . 
< PROPFEMALE > the Pooh and the Blustery day 
Im cold , wanna snuggle 
Brave New Voices ...... Like Whoa 
Giant sized grown ass men should NOT be riding childrens razor scooters , and safety is just One of the reasons 
Making breakfast for my sick papa .... blueberry pancakes , bacon and orange slices .... starve a fever feed a cold 
Facebook wont let me add My Etsy to my apps tabs ..... wtf ?? 
Sometimes loves comes around ... and it knocks u down . Just get back up when it knocks u down 
Nothing in my planner .... what will today bring me ? 
... and then i fell down the stairs .... but , at least i did it gracefully ! 
I need a lotion bath , this dry air is Killing my skin :( 
I almost hit a biker . And no , im Not sorry , assholes 
The love and support I get from Grandma and her friends gives me warm & tingly feelings 
Omg !!!! I left my hair straightener on next to the toilet paper .... mini bathroom fire !! Thats a first ! 
On this day this world was graced with the presence of < PROPFIRST > J Shamoo .... and the world was never the same again !!! Happy Birthday Guapo , I KNOW you'll have a good one ;) 
11:11 ..... make a wish 
Gonna bust some ballz down at Jolt & Joes ... or is it Jolt N Joes ? And Who is Jolt ? 
Aftr party at < PROPMALE > & Brents ... holla atcha guurl 
Every woman should use what Mother Nature gave her until Father Time takes it away 
Omg ! Pops is up and in party mode , lol funky jazz is Booming upstairs and he wants to sit out on the balcony and watch the < PROPFEMALE > over some ice cream ... lmao !! 
... and then he went to bed and left me all riled up ! Facebook ... will you stay up with me ? 
Im blind to u haters , cant touch me rumor creators 
Feelin Romantical 
The Constitution only guarantees the American people the \ 
right to pursue happiness . You have to catch it yourself 
What are all these links ?? I never sent these to you guys ... dont open !!! 
The Sun !!! And just in time . Thank u kindly Mother Nature ! 
Please please please just let this day be over already 
Sleep sleep sleep .... not even counting sheep is helping . Tried warm milk too , that was just nasty 
Why does the world want to hurt pretty things ? 
Double Scotch on the rocks .... because i dont wanna give a shit anymore . Please and thank you . 
Ok , just fell down the stairs again .... and Not gracefully this time . Apparently im not supposed to be here at this moment .... im going to bed , where its safe 
Belo tonight ..... I'm not even CLOSE to being done ! 
Caramel apple for breakfast ..... because i deserve it ! 
Damn waterproof makeup 
Eff it , too cold and too bored ... going home and going to bed 
Word UP : I NEVER post links to peoples walls ... if you are recieving them from my < PROPFEMALE > DO NOT OPEN . They are not from me . 
None Shall Pass 
Everybody needs a good woman in their life . My Grandma says so . 
Street walking in downtown La Mesa ... i love my city :) 
Must . Stay . Awake . While im driving at least ...... once i make it home im gonna pass the eff OUT ! 
Happy 420 
Invasion of Memories 
Anyone out there have a pick up truck and big strong hands ? I need some assistance por favor ... 
Black men on crotch rockets , Sexy ! Old ladies who cant see over the wheel , Dangerous ! Texting while driving , also Dangerous ! 
I love Hugs from Thugs 
If u have something of great quality , and u take good care of it , you'll have it forever 
Is it too early to start thinking about New Year's ? Because I am ...... 
Pops is upstairs whining about the Charger game ..... so im about to surprise him with some homemade almond roca ;) shhh , its a Suprise ! 
I cant stop eating Almond Roca , yet as much as i try , i cant seem to see the bad side of this .... sugar for Sugar 
Mondo big garage organizing day with pops ...... The Sugar Shack will be closed until further notice 
Why cant anything ever go Right ? 
Ok ... buck up lil soulja ..... who wants to take me dancing tomorrow night ..... time to sssssshake it off !!! 
Got some agression ..... crackin some nutz 
What the Curse was that ???!! Am i the only one who felt that ??? That did Not feel natural ! 
EWho would have thought a man over 80 and another just barely 20 would be the two people to give me the most peace and love a woman could ever ask for . Yo 
Eu know who u are and that i love and < PROPFEMALE > u dearly . 
< PROPFIRST > Barksdale your mother is freaking amazing !!! LMAO , she had me wantin a baby in less than 5 minutes flat !!! And she says my Roca is PERFECTION , I love a woman with good taste ;) 
If we were in the wild , I would eat you 
No way ! Coolest thing Ever ! I just ate a mouthful of cup o noodles , choked and shot the chewed noodle pieces out of my nose ! Im thinking of joining the circus 
I hate4 this \New\ " facebook layout .... not everyone likes changes man !! " 
A lonely breakfast for one :( 
Going home and going to bed . Fml 
Thank God for my friends because i sure as shit dont get any love & support from my family 
There are creatures moving beneath me , i can hear their little feet as they run . 
All I want is you 
Dear LORDy i Love it when they do the slo-mo play by plays ...... can make a curl sweat !!! And u poor guys think WE are pieces of meat , lol 
Bald tires + Rainy weather = Awesomely Dangerous Fun !! 
I need a freakin danish like its Nobodys business !! And some milk please . 
Crappiest day of many during the holidays . Had a fender bender in the rain and got reamed by someone who apparently hates christmas even more than me 
Comida y siesta 
I wish someone would bring me something hot in bed 
Never been kissed on a New Years countdown 
Come out come out whereever u are !! I will be selling jewelry and blankets at the OB famers Markey today ! 
Come down to BMH Italian Bakery & Deli for the BEST sandwiches , fresh soups and italian breads you've Ever tasted on the West Coast ! Ill be working 10:30 - 2:30 , but doors are open until 5pm !! ( 7970 El Cajon Blvd in La Mesa ) 
Come down to BMH today for lunch ! Ill be here until 230 ! Best authentic italian sandwiches on the west coast ! 
Another gorgeous day in San < PROPMALE > ! Celebrate it by coming down to BMH for a sandwich !! 
Dance Monkey !! 
What the hell do u mean u Dont Understand ??? 
When i bake , i eat , and the only child in me doesnt wanna share ... 
Home Invasions are Real ..... real scary .... i didnt sleep a Wink last night ..... this house is too damn big :( 
Come on out to BMH today for sandwiches and smiles !! :) 
Lovin this San < PROPMALE > Winter 
Do NOT piss off a pregnant chick !!! < PROPFEMALE > McWhirter Griffith .... just breath woman !!!! 
Make me laugh and ill give u a smile ..... for Free ! 
My lunch left me still hungry and wanting more :( 
Day off finally and i dont feel like doing Anything :/ 
I change in my car because its too damn cold in my house ! 
Come out to BMH Italian Deli in La Mesa today until 5pm for a late lunch or grab something to take home for dinner ! 
My favorite time to text is when im in the bathtub ..... its also a Great way lose a phone 
Make a wish .... 
Does this freakin thing even work ?! 
Potted plants are Always better than a bouquet of flowers ... everytime the plant blooms she will think of you ;) 
Taking Kass to her first visit to Joes Crab Shack and a Spike & < PROPFIRST > film showing !! About to rock this chicks World !! 
Jamba makes everything better :) 
I Finally get to watch Runaway with someone who understands & appreciates Kanye the Artist !! 
Are u supposed to push the gas & brake pedals with your Whole foot or just the toes ? sometimes i feel like im to short to reach the pedals :( 
Has the weather got you feeling lazy ? come into BMH and pick up some hot soup and ready made lasagna meals ! 
If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I'm skinny , I don't eat . If I have curves , I'm fat . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything nowadays without being labeled . So what , go ahead and label me , see if I give a shit . Girls , repost this if you're proud of who you are !!! 
Everybody needs to eat ! Come down to BMH for a tasty deli treat !! 
Rain and tears ... wash the earth and cleanse the soul 
Good music can bring tears to my eyes 
It's eatin time again .... you know where to go .... do I really have to say it anymore ? Special thanks to everyone who has come down already , I love to see familiar faces !! :) 
Do It .... Do It .... Do It .... Do It .... Come Get Some !!! BHM .... u know it Baby !! 
I dance in my Jeep like the club cant handle me right now ;p 
Get Ready folks .... BMH will soon have it's very own Facebook !! 
Just found something worse than old people driving .... old people driving while talking on their cell phones !!! Get the OfF the Effin ROAD !!! 
If somebody doesnt take me dancing soon Imma have to do it on my own ..... and thats how < PROPFEMALE > gets snatched up !!! 
Killing is Badong ..... bad wrong 
Just took my shoes off for the first time today and i Swear i could hear angels singing 
Effin neighbors dog !!! Put a damn muzzle on it already !! my One day to sleep in and i cant because these assholes are neglecting their animal ! RUDE 
Just the way Talib says Maserati makes me wanna take my pants off !! Hijole !! 
DontBurn Me MeZ !! He's a Fire Spitten Dragon ..... got me bumpin on the way to work !! Went from half asleep to rockin out in 3seconds Flat !! 
Its friday and i dont even care .... all i want is a bubble bath and a sexy man to rub my feets ;) 
BMH all day long .... come and get some !!! 
Inpromtu Sting stop .... sure , why not 
WHOA !!! 4 hours later ..... somebody get me off Facebook !!! Time didnt just fly , it Warped by ! Either that or someone slipped something in my drink . What am I doing with my life ?! I need some sun .... c u later gators 
At 4am i woke up to my dog vomiting on me .... is This how my day is going to be 
Reflections Eternal 
When someone u love hurts ur feelings it seems to take a long time for the hurt to go away ... makes me feel irrational , but i cant help how i feel 
Talib just made a < PROPMALE > Vonegut reference ..... I am Eternally Impressed with this man ..... stars in my eyes 
Let the curling up and crying commence 
They should make a non-sex related inflatable doll that can spoon and hold u when u need someone 
Holy S**t ! Goldilocks just snipped Snow White in the head !! 
Awesome ..... Still trying to fall asleep and just noticed the sky was lightening .... so much for That night 
Uncomfortably Numb 
Whoa .... I just went from not being able to stomach solid foods for 3 days to craving a Costco polish dog .... I'm going to think long and hard before I put this in my mouth 
Ok kids ... just noticed that i have over 39 messages in my inbox .... if you have ever sent me a mesage in the past year .... you're about to get a response !! Sorry for the delay , < PROPFEMALE > rude :( 
Eek ! Now i cant sleep ! Thanx a Lot < PROPFEMALE > for gettin me all excited !! 
Made a big giant bed on the floor .... tucking my girls .... a good night was had by All ;) 
Awesome .... gotta run thru the carwash ... just threw up down the side of my jeep while i was driving :( my poor sad tummy :( 
Even though I see you Everyday ... it never feels like enough .... i still miss u when ur away from me ... always crave ur touch 
Fire flame ... flame ... fire flame spitta ... 
The War of Yankee Aggression .... otherwise known as The Civil War 
Whose in charge ? Well i guess I am . Why Not ?? Im a Good monkey !! I hardly Ever throw my poop anymore . 
Danger Zone !!! 
Anger , pain , suffering , rage ...... and im left feeling sad & weak .... how am i supposed to save them all ? 
Blue eyed boy meets a brown eyed girl .... 
Inappropriate Rooster !! What the hell ?!? 
143 ..... Toot it & Boot it ... if we can't sleep ... might as well go Harder !!! 
Unless u have something heavy to < PROPFEMALE > , someone please remind me what we even Need men for ?? other than the obvious baby stuff , ive got Nothin ... 
< PROPMALE > Watson thanks so much for coming into and visiting me today !! Way to give the girls some eye < PROPFEMALE > ;p 
Couldnt Sleep .... got up early and painted my nails green and made a hair feather !! I Love St. Pattys Day !! Green all the time Everywhere !! 
The time has come .... Death has been knocking and its rude to not let him in , the man is Only trying to do his job . Better him than me . 
< PROPFEMALE > Aranda ... just reminded me .... they are making Yucatecan Pork Stew .... and Hilaberto is gonna be in the kitchen today , yummy YUM ! Come find out which is better , the stew .... or our cook ;p 
Crap .... napped too much .... Wide awake :/ 
About to go watch a movie on < PROPMALE > Watson's 3D TV !!! Whoop ! A first time for everything .... im excited ! Hurry with ur errands < PROPMALE > Boi , I wanna play !! 
I heard a siren .... pulled over .... then realized it was comin from the song .... LAME !! 
Candles lit , oils burning , the rain as my music .... let the meditation Begin 
Up for an hour now ..... What the HECK does my body feel the need to be awake at this ungodly hour for ?! 
Add Palmspringsliquor La Mesa Ca as your Friend today for updates , promotions and specials ! They have THE Largest selection of Beers ! Even BevMo sends customers to them ! 
Thank you to everybody who has already accepted Palmspringsliquor La Mesa Ca as your friend ! We worked Hard on the site and hope you all enjoy ! Post comments , tag pictures , and come in and Visit !! 
My Favorite part of Birthday Week is the Extra time i get to spend with dad . Starting our morning with a few hours of gardening :) 
A Pefect day for a trip to Long Beach .... we are Aquarium bound !! SUpER excited ! 
We fight Just so we can kiss & make up ..... now how i know she loves me ;p 
Holy Crap ... remember when i last has an alcoholic beverage .... i have No idea where this night will lead .... and that Excites Me !!! 
Dear God i LOVE the smell of mens cologne !!!! the men , eh , whatever 
Ok .... i must admit ..... i am LovingThis !!!! 
Dennys is Packed ?! cant u guys make breakfast for ur lazy ass selves ?! 
Wake me when we get home please DannyBoi .... Sugar is Done ! Donesky !! Done I Said !! 
< PROPFEMALE > is sick .... very very sick :( im canceling laser tag tomorrow , sorry guys ... ill send out a message when i can hop online 
Stop kicking my Head !!! 
Sometimes i wish i could be as cold hearted and uncaring as the rest of the world 
Mushy berries suck 
Day 3 stuck in bed .... dear Lord i need a change of scenery .... heading to the couch 
He holds me when I cry . My own pain makes him suffer . Now THAT is love boys & girls . 
The last time i talked on the phone till i fell asleep was 10th grade with < PROPMALE > Martinez ..... u just One Upped that one Kid ;p ZZzzzz 
I can throw my snotty Kleenex across the room and sink it Everytime ... With my eyes closed . I smile as i hear it hit the trashbag .... and snuggle back into sleep 
Blood doesnt tell . DNA doesnt make us . If we have any guts at all , we make ourselves 
Crimeny !! He makes me Stupid giddy !! oh brother 
Hopelessly romantic . Stupid fool , whats the point 
85 
Oooo Wee !! Super excited to spend my friday with one of my Favorite people .... Lana Loves you Archer ;) 
Ahhh . Satisfied . 
Having a phat girl moment , just me & my cake in the dead of the night .... 
Mother Nature is So effin Bipolar !! 
You could hit a man Upside the head with what you want Women ..... He Still wont get it ... 
BMH .... come Git Some !! 
When Mars Attacks .... movies that dont suck 
At The Barbeque House in OB ... could this day Get any better ?! 
BMH ... come git some !! Its hot and i need entertainment !! 
!! Flowers at work !! I is a Lucky Girl !! ;) 
Nap time before i pass out .... dont let me sleep past 6 !! 
Tea , toast , book , bed .... Shuger is Content :) 
