Wow The Scrimmage was to easy . 

1-1-11 11:11 
Livin . Havin a beautiful ride . 
Sick but , livin well 
Still Sick . But Got 3rd at Madisonville Invitational in 275Ib Group . 
Feelin alot better near 90% . 
Didn't do to good in U.I.L today , but got to < PROPFEMALE > and talk with some really good friends . 
Great Win tonight Groesbeck Boys 67-65 
Feeling great . Ready for tomorrow . 
Getting ready to go to powerlifting . 
Got third in the 275lb class at Mexia Powerlifting meet with a 1230 total . 
Feelin Good . 
Ready for tomorrow . 
Great day w/ snow = Something unplanned . lol 
Not ready for school tomorrow . Kinda wish I could just skip to Saturday , because they're always some kind of good . Well usually . :-) 
Got 4th in Number Sense today . 
About to go to bed . Everyone have a great night . I hope everyone a good MONDAY ! :-P 
Doin Good . 
Tired .... I've had a joyful day . 
Thinkin ' bout anything and everything . 
I wish everyone a goodnight . 
is thinkin ' . 
Had a good day . I'm still living , lol , need I say more ? 
Feel sick . 
Tired , feel kinda bad ??? 
Got regional powerlifting meet tomorrow . 
Hurt my back and shoulder at powerlifting . WTH ? 
“Are you upset little friend ? Have you been lying awake worrying ? Well , don't worry ... I'm here . The flood waters will recede , the famine will end , the sun will shine tomorrow , and I will always be here to take care of you . - < PROPFIRST > Brown to Snoopy” 
“To the world you may be just one person , but to one person you may be the world . ” 
“Love is much like a wild < PROPFEMALE > , beautiful and calm , but willing to draw blood in its defense . ” 
Cause it's you and me and all of the people , with nothing to do , nothing to lose , and it's you and me and all of the people , and I don't know why , I can't keep my eyes off of you . 
Two is better than one . 
“One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter . ” < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jones 
“There are two sorts of affection - the love of a woman you respect , and the love for the woman you love” < PROPFIRST > Wing Pinero 
My breath fogged up the glass and so I < PROPFIRST > a new face and I laughed . I guess what I'd be sayin ' is there ain't no better reason to rid yourself of vanities and just go with the seasons . :-) 
Feel like shit and at that point where I could care a lot less . 
.......... 
Bet you'll never run 26.76 MPH . lol 
You shouldn't worry about what they say , cause they ain't got nothin on you . 
“When the road gets dark - And you can no longer see - Just let my love throw a spark - And have a little faith in me . ” “Friends are a special gift from our Father up above . May we < PROPFEMALE > them with an everlasting love . ” “I feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance . ” 
“One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter . ” “The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love , and to let it come in . ” “Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning . ” “Love is just love , it can never be explained . ” 
“If there is no passion in your life , then have you really lived ? Find your passion , whatever it may be . Become it , and let it become you and you will find great things happen FOR you , TO you and BECAUSE of you . ” 
Got my hair cut . 
Tired , and still got that essay from english to do . Ha 
Playin Madden 03 . Yeah When Bulger , Brees , Vick , Portis , and Houshmanz were all still bad . lol 
Why worry about what people think of us . Do we have more confidence in their opinions than in our own ? 
When it hurts to look back , and you're scared to look ahead , you can look beside you and your best friend will be there 
“I am only one , but I am one . I can't do everything , but I can do something . The something I ought to do , I can do . And by the grace of God , I will . ” “When a team outgrows individual performance and learns team confidence , excellence becomes a reality . ” 
Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason . \ 
\ 
You can't stay mad at somebody who makes you laugh . 
I laugh , I love , I hope , I try , I hurt , I need , I fear , I cry . And I know you do the same things too , So we're really not that different , me and you . 
It is better to be hated for who you are , than to be loved for someone you are not . \ 
I'd rather be hated for who I am , than loved for who I am not . \ 
Because the worse crime is faking it . 
Because the worse crime is faking it . \ 
Good Night my friends . 
Ready for the Zoo . Gonna be a kid with all of my smart friends . \ 
You never go full RETARD !!! 
Zoo : An excellent place to study the habits of human beings . 
Zoo & Bowling Today 
I'm immature ? \ 
Ok . \ 
I could have sworn you were the one that started acting like a little kid . I'm thinking you're just made because I'm having more fun with it . 
Mahatma Gandhi- I offer you peace . I offer you love . I offer you friendship . I see your beauty . I hear your need . I feel your feelings . My wisdom flows from the Highest Source . I salute that Source in you . Let us work together for unity and love . 
\The ' not-giving-a-f* < k ' meter is as far into the red-zone as ever before . \"- Lars Ulrich " 
Philippians 4:13 I Can Do All Things Through Christ , Who Strengthens Me . \ 
Work like you don’t need money , love like you’ve never been hurt , and dance like no one’s watching . \ 
The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win , you’re still a rat . \ 
You must be the change you wish to see in the world . \ 
There’s no next time . It’s now or never . 
I'm not afraid to take a stand\ 
Everybody come take my hand\ 
We'll walk this road together , through the storm\ 
Whatever weather , cold or warm\ 
Just let you know that , you're not alone\ 
Holla if you feel that you've been down the same road 
played some dance game on Wii lol the best game ive played in a while ...................................................................... Goodnight and Goodmoring Yeah 
Be yourself . Above all , let who you are , what you are , what you believe , shine through everything you do . For life is short , don't waste time worrying about what people think of you . 
Life is a challenge , meet it ! Life is a dream , realize it ! Life is a game , play it ! Life is Love , enjoy it ! Life\ 
is full of beauty , notice it ! Live your\ 
life to the fullest potential and fight for your dreams . \ 
May we live in peace without weeping . May our joy outline the lives we touch without ceasing . 
There is no such thing\ 
as a stupid question . Just really ignorant people asking someone who\ 
thinks they should know it already . Also the funny truth is even the\ 
most ignorant people can have a smart pain . 
Alright now , fellas ! \ 
Now what's cooler than bein ' cool ? 
It's so hard to see when your eyes are rolling in the back of your head . \ 
It's even harder to speak when everything you say just comes out wrong ! 
“If every word I said could make you laugh , I'd talk forever . ” 
“The price of success is hard work , \ 
dedication to the job at hand , and the determination that whether we\ 
win or lose , we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand . ” < PROPMALE > Lombardi 
“Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . ”\ 
“Today you are You , that is truer than true . There is no one alive who is Youer than You . ” \ 
“You are you . Now , isn't that pleasant ? ”\ 
Dr. Seuss 
Truly great friends are hard to find , difficult to leave , and impossible to forget . 
Anyone can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . 
“If you are not too long , I will wait here for you all my life . ” 
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment . 
The Big 12 lives on ! 
“Strength does not come from physical capacity . It comes from an indomitable will . ” 
“Sometimes\ 
I lie awake at night , and ask , ' Where have I gone wrong ? ' Then a voice\ 
says to me , ' This is going to take more than one night . ' ” 
“I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying . ” 
I really don't know anymore . But I don't think many do . I wish it was a little easier , but who doesn't . 
................................................................................................................................................ 
“Don't\ 
find the time to cry for me , don't find the words to speak for me , \ 
don't find the nerve to feel for me , just get the fuck away from me” 
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . ”\ 
“One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure its worth watching . ” 
“One\ 
out of four people in this country is mentally unbalanced . Think of\ 
your three closes friends ; if they seem OK , then you're the one . ” 
“Be yourself ; everyone else is already taken . ” 
Read First Comment . 
“In the End , we will remember not the words of our enemies , but the silence of our friends . ” 
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life . It goes on . ” 
I\ 
laugh , I love , I hope , I try , I hurt , I need , I fear , I cry . And I know\ 
you do the same things too , So we're really not that different , me and\ 
you . 
“Laugh at your problems ; everybody else does . ” 
I love ya'll . ( NO HOMO ) 
sure , Why not ?..... like this status and I'll tell you honestly what I like about you , dislike about you , my first impression of you , and a confession about you . 
“Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion . ” 
“Always do right . This will gratify some people and astonish the rest . ” 
Know what ? Screw it . 
“The unreal is more powerful than the real , because nothing is as perfect asyou can imagine it . because its only intangible ideas , concepts , beliefs , fantasies that last . stone crumbles . wood rots . people , well , they die . but things as fragile as a thought , a dream , a legend , they ... can go on and on . ” 
\The hand of the diligent shall bear rule : but the slothful shall be under tribute . \ " ( Proverbs 12:24 )\ 
Speak \ 
softly and < PROPFEMALE > a big stick ; you will go far . 
“Are\ 
you upset little friend ? Have you been lying awake worrying ? Well , \ 
don't worry ... I'm here . The flood waters will recede , the famine will\ 
end , the sun will shine tomorrow , and I will always be here to take\ 
care of you . - < PROPFIRST > Brown to Snoopy” 
I'm kinda get tired of the groups that state something about that I live in the United States , why do I need to ( whatever ) for English . If y'all remember right there is no official language . So until then , get over it . 
Fight till the last gasp . 
If\ 
you've lived a life without hard struggles . Have you really lived at\ 
all ? Do you know who will be there not criticizing you when you hit\ 
rock bottom ? Sometimes the slightest threats can reveal a few of the fakes and\ 
frauds . It's the awfully horrendous times\ 
that will weave out all doubts , and show the people that you mean something to and the people that should mean something to you . 
Pads today . Yeah . 
Like this and I'll tell you what one of my favorite things about you is . 
But sometimes when the sun shines\ 
I wish I could sleep it away\ 
but today I woke up with some strength\ 
counted a couple of blessings\ 
and stepped down from the street\ 
and the sweet smell of victory put my mind at ease\ 
and the breeze told the trees to whisper something to me\ 
and they told me don't worry\ 
I told them never when He is with me . 
Put it behind you , for they know not what they do . 
“A ship is safe in harbor , but that's not what ships are for . ” 
Hakuna Matata 
“God places the heaviest burden on those who can < PROPFEMALE > its weight . ” 
“Promise me you'll never forget me because if I thought you would I'd never leave . ” 
“When suffering comes , we yearn for some sign from God , forgetting we have just had one . ” 
“The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and a lightning bug . ” 
Proud to be a part . 
Like the angel you are laugh creating\ 
A lightness in my chest , \ 
Your eyes they penetrate me , \ 
( your answer's always ' maybe')\ 
That's when I got up and left 
“A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down . ” \ 
< PROPMALE > H . Glasgow 
Why the heck y'all hate On < PROPFIRST > Barron ? I must have been seeing things when I saw Tashard Choice lose the ball for the only Redskins Touchdown . 
The work of the individual still remains the spark that moves mankind ahead even more than teamwork . 
“I don't really care how I am remembered as long as I bring happiness and joy to people . ” 
“That's\ 
the whole trouble . You can't ever find a place that's nice and\ 
peaceful , because there isn't any . You may think there is , but once you\ 
get there , when you're not looking , somebody'll sneak up and write F *** you right under your nose . ”\ 
J . D . Salinger 
“Life is not having been told that the man has just waxed the floor”\ 
Ogden Nash 
\The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow . Life is a crazy ride 
FFUUAAAAAA ******* 
I think someone was playing around with the clock in the third quarter , it was forever . 
Really , Miami ? By 8 ? You got to step it up and do work to match the 72-10 of the 1995-96 Bulls . haha 0-1 Great job Celtics . 
It still wasn't enough ........... Time to get ready for next week . 
“Love what I do and I have no regrets , but the people I care about are by far the most important thing . I would kill for them . They make my life worth living . ”\ 
Liv < PROPFIRST > 
Remember when ____ ???? like the status and I'll tell a good memory we shared 
O.K. We can do this . \ 
Why ? What's Up ? 
Got an iTouch !!! YEAH !!! 
What shall we then say to these things ? If God be for us , who can be against us ? Romans 8:31 
2.75 $ permatue 
Be A Best Friend , Tell The Truth , And Overuse I Love You\ 
Go To Work , Do Your Best , Don't Outsmart Your Common Since\ 
Never Let Your Prayin Knees Get Lazy\ 
And Love Like Crazy\ 
Always Treat Your Woman Like A Lady\ 
Never Get To Old To Call Her Baby 
I think that you should love life , also you should grasped the fact that life can be pretty hard . However after realizing that , you should realize that they have amazing people in your life . Those amazing people will be there for them in many ways . 
Fuck my life 
this is what happens when u leave ur < PROPFEMALE > open for your older brother to get ahold of . i could write all kinds of stuffin here lol but im better than that . ill leave out the time i walked in and u were standing naked in the mirror flexing sayin \man this is what a professional football player looks like\ " cuz there is no reason for anyone to ever know about that . \ 
It's about that time where companies are making million commercializing and selling Christmas . When opening gifts or whatever you plan this year don't forget to give a little prayer , thanking God for the blessing that he bestowed upon the world for all of us . 
Did you ever see a < PROPFIRST > weep\ 
When leaves begin to die\ 
That means he's lost the will to live 
Who's the leader of the club\ 
That's made for you and me ? 
Life 
“Is That You < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? Is This Me ? ” 
I think we are missing the fact Seattle shocked the world yesterday . 8-9 
Well U.I.L was a complete waste of time today , while Kozak got silver and the guy I've beat twice and only lost once to took silver in what would have been my division . FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
Before you start to waste your time . I probably don't care . 
For the first ever UIL was worth coming to . Maybe because the largest classification is 3A 
First in Number Sense , forth in Computer Applications , forth in Computer Science , and I hope the best for Mathematics . 
Well still not 100% in powerlifting but this year is looking good . 
Keep My Name out chya Mouth . 
“The best way to waste your life , ... is by taking notes . The easiest way to avoid living is to just watch . Look for the details . Report . Don't participate . ” < PROPMALE > Palahniuk \ 
Well that sounds like a B in < PROPMALE>'s . haha 
Dang Last week I was told to predict the Superbowl score I said 31-24 Packers I was one point off !!! Just kick the extra point . lol 
You can't make 18 holes in 12 shots . 
