back in ohio ... why did we have to leave florida .... 

doesnt want to go back to ohio 
sadly back from New York 
horse show tomm then to the track on sunday 
why do people have to be assholes ? 
loved the storm while it lasted 
one show down another to go tomm 
< PROPMALE > LOADS AGAIN !!! YAY !!! 
dance then off to < PROPFEMALE>'s 
partying n hopefully watching four of five different firework shows then a horse show the next day 
swimming .. 
sadly not showing 
hopefuuly watching fireworks !!!! 
mall then movies 
is in pain ... and the doctors dont know y so im on happy meds !!!! yay ! fml 
is bored out of her mind \taking it easy\ " ..... grrr " 
can legally drink in Canada !!! :P 
thanks for all the birthday wishes !! 
is wondering why her email account isnt working ... any other findlay ppl having this prob ? 
making sure she has everything for NYC ! 
wants someone to shoot some pool with 
back to NY and then off to < PROPMALE > and finally home for the vet to come out ! 
has to leave for < PROPMALE > sooner than she thought 
NY and < PROPMALE > were crazeee fun ... cant wait to do it all over again 
does the busiest week of the summer never end ???? 
Its the end of the summer , Its the end of it all , Those days are gone its over now were moving on , Its the end of the summer , But we'll see it all again , So hold on till this moment till then , Its the end of the summer 
had a blast last nite and hopefully will catch up on sleep tonite ! 
it just has to be a friggin monday ... stupid computers !!! 
dentist ... then so many calls to make ... but its good to be busy 
riding meeting tonite !!! 
has found a new addiction ..... online poker bad i no 
barn then swim party tonite 
horse shows all weekeend 
is proud of her pony but pissed at how many ppl cut her off at the show !!!! 
is pissed at how the girl cut her hair ... apparently she did not understand the layers concept :( 
a girls nite out was exactly wat she needed 
swimming then off to the barn 
is glad that her phillies are off their losing streak 
track for the weekend .. hopefully the bikes are out :) 
home from the track .. but still soaking wet thanx to a water fight 
out to get her cars oil changed then running errands for the rest of the day 
making cheesecake ... then out 
Say goodbye to the warm breeze . We could be almost anywhere . I'll miss you , ' till the next time , I hope I see you there . I hope I see you back here . It's the end of the summer , it's the end of it all . Those days are gone , it's over now , we're moving on It's the end of the summer , but we'll see it all again 
packing for mental bootcamp and trying to find time for the pony in there somewhere 
leaving in the morning for \mental bootcamp\ " (love that saying for college !! ) " 
is unpacked and finally moved in !!!! 
off to bio , organic chem , and physics ... why was i excited for school again ? 
head over to the gym in a few 
labs then clubbing tonite !!!!! 
ice cream ... chilling ... then CLUBBING .. its gonna be a fun night ! 
< PROPMALE > G was amazing ! 
BLUEBERRY PANCAKES are gonna be o so yummy ! 
finally back from morning barn duty , its gonna be a long day 
starts work tomm ! then tryouts are tuesday ! 
how on earth is week 2 so busy .. hopefully Ill find some down time before this coming monday 
work then classes til five then barn duty at 6 ... :( 
exhausted ... studying o-chem , finalizing stuff for tommorow and hopefully getting to bed at a reasonable time tonite ! but who knows 
had a blast bowling but still didnt break 100 .. lol 
going home for FAIR !.. still have to pack ... grr 
its a good thing i came back .. so much for a stress free weekend .. GAH 
back in class .. 
and so continues the busiest week of the year ..... hoping I have time today to get some groceries 
class from 930 to 900 tonite then sand volleyballl !! 
sAnD VolLEyBall is gonna be beast .. 
On our mission nowhere bound . Inhibitions underground . 
laundry , homework , then working out .. txt me if u wanna go 
missing my shadow already 
Cant believe her pup is really gone 
for every tear shed , a moment of happiness is remembered and charished again 
cant wait for tonite ! 
why , o why do things like to collapse all at once .. is it to make us stronger or just a test to see what we can handle ? 
tonite was exactly wat was needed .. hoping the weekend continues like this 
So much for an easy week ... fml cant wait for september to be over 
wants it to stop being so dark and dreary outside 
you smell like how angels ought to smell , and you look like you're ready to go So hold my hand , I'll take you everywhere , anywhere , you wanna go 
is going to freeze her ass off at sand volleyball tonite ! 
RECYCLED PERCUSSION is tonite .. and so the crazy nonstop weekend begins 
n so the crazy weekend just got even more crazy 
is wondering what went wrong and how these past few weeks happended 
cant wait for thursday !!!! 
is ready to just give up 
Organic Chem was cancelledhopefully the rest of the day will get better as well ... :) 
on my way home ! 
hit 2 hours of construction on her 2 1/2 hour trip home ... and then got to akron and found out her exit was closed ... I forgot it was construction season :( 
figures i go home for break and i wind up sick .. gah 
back in findlay ! 
Movie night @ < PROPFEMALE > Hennings !!!! 
just wants there to be someone to < PROPFEMALE > on 
labs for the rest of the day ... booo 
is pumped for a homework free weekend !!! 
wants to go out tonite ! anyone want to join text it 
doesnt want tommorrow to come 
hoping this week continues this way 
cpb tonite 
where has the day gone ? 
starts the longest day ever ... hopefully it goes by somewhat quickly 
making chocolate peanut butter brownies !!! :) 
* One more class then the weekend starts * 
time to start studying again ... gah 
can it be tommorow already ? 
made stovetop popcorn and didnt burn herself ... then the butter came along 
crazy nonstop day ahead followed by JABALI ACROBATS at 8 tonite in the AMU !!!!!!!!! 
JABALI was pretty much mind blowing ... partially due to kimmie eaken and her Amazing Comments !! 
cant wait for fear factory and paranormal activity !!!! 
loves halloween ! 
doesnt want to wake up today 
Black Light Party TONITE yay !!!! 
thought that this would be the year that the phillies would go all the way ... guess not :( 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Bangable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : God Loving . 22 : Smart . 23 : Loving . 24 : Loyal . 25 : Trustworthy . 26 : Fake 
its always interesting when one goes to BG ... but always a good time as well :) 
why are mondays always busy ? 
does anyone else find it strange that its like short weather outside and its mid november ? 
spending the holiday with the family at Lake Michigan 
back in findlay 
going crazyyy !! 
Rock N Relax tonite !! 9:30 at henderson !!! 
thoroughly misses her bestie !!! < PROPFEMALE > you better come home soon !!! 
what a crazy day .. from freezing with the pony to attempting remove a flat tire on my brothers car to trying to figure out why her checks arent in the mail ... 
started with one crazy pony and one big oaf and ended up with a pony that actually listens and still a big oaf ... got to luv horses 
loves the fact that there is snow on the ground ! 
wants to know why its cold in florida ! 
uhh penguins ... crappy conditions for a winter classic and a sad day for a loss 
with fronds like these who needs anenomes 
finally have windows 7 installed yay ! movie night tonight . 
just found out the autobahn now has a speed limit .... wtf were they thinking ?!?!? 
didnt know that scuba could make one so hungry .... off to make enchiladas ! 
longest day ever .. done with class now off to a office hour 
Take a breath , don't it sound so easy ? Never had a doubt now Im going crazy . 
Time won't let me go If you gave me back those years I'd do it all better I swear 
Cause our days were numbered by nights on too many rooftops . They said we'd burn so bright . We'd burn this city and go . 
baking is done ... now the even more fun part of the night begins !! 
Secret love , my escape . Take me far far away . Secret love , are you there ? 
Turn a < PROPFEMALE > , Im a book half unread . I wanna be laughed at , laughed with just because . I wanna feel weightless and that should be enough . 
had a blast tonight at FRICKERS !!! 
I want to live where soul meets body And let the sun wrap its arms around me And bathe my skin in water cool and cleansing And feel , feel what its like to be new 
quiz , classes , work , dinner , barn duty ... then hopefully time for a friday night ! 
and id give up forever to touch you .. cause i know that you feel me somehow .... your the closest thing to heaven that ill ever be ... and i dont wanna go home right now 
Well I took a walk around the world to ease my troubled mind I left my body lying somewhere in the sands of time But I watched the world float to the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > I feel there is nothing I can do , yeah 
is the day finally over ???? 
A green light , unkind , Nowhere to go on a one track mind , It's a break down at the wrong time , Im catching up but Im still behind 
weekends are for the warriors , all those late nights walking through front doors at day break , raise all of the glasses high , this ones to all us sitting around on a friday night 
working out . shower . internship . Indian Guru !. Comedy Jam ! 
chem lab .. lunch .. scuba 1-5 . txt it 
And I know no matter where life takes me to , a part of me will always be with you . 
People are retarded ... enough said . 
so chem lab was more like volcano explosion but only for my group ... it was interestig to say the least .. 
is according to her roomie a NeOn EsKiMo 
studying physics ... then some supernatural(YAY ) and maybe some genetics ... boo 
so as the weekend begins we start to have snow ... couldnt it wait ? 
so the snow turned into a blizzard while < PROPFEMALE > R . and I were at the track meet .... walked 300ft and couldnt see the car ... evil 
did not realize that it could be so hard to find a box of specific dimensions that is sold by itself ... note to self next time start with photography studios and dont try the post office , ups , or staples 
its just gotta be a monday ... gah 
Could you be everything ? My rise and my fall ? 
down to 1 shower in a house of 12 girls .... someone please fix the upstairs shower already !!!!!!! 
hoping this snow stops so the airport wont be backed up when we fly out 
Sometimes I look at my own face , and I don't know who I am 
internship forms are all sent out .... yay now the game of waiting begins ... boo 
studying but wishing it were the weekend already 
Don't forget , we've got unfinished business , stories yet to unfold , tales that must be retold 
cant wait for tuesday ... 
Before I know what it feels like ? Where To , where do I go ? If you never try , then you'll never know . 
sitting at the airport waiting for the flight ... text it 
Atlanta ... wow .. time flies and its crazy not to have time to get on a computer ... but having a fun time ... anyone have any ideas of what they want on campus text it !! 
exhausted .... flying home tomm to a genetics test , chem lab , english paper , and lots of other work to make up 
I can’t believe I would call this love- Fools & Horses \selfish \"" 
paper , dinner , barn duty , another paper , and lab .... cant wait for break 
going to destress by swimming ... text it if ya wanna go 
Is there anyone left in this little town of Findlay ?? 
Starting to hear back from zoos regarding internships ... YAY !! Now just have to call to set up interviews ! 
Finally back home ! 
Forgot just how amazing a good ride could be ... and to top it off < PROPMALE > hasn't forgotten his flying lead changes !!! 
Taught the lil sis how to drive stick in the snow ... scary 
This time I'm mistaken for handing you a heart worth breaking and I've been wrong , i've been down , been to the bottom of every bottle these five words in my head scream are we having fun yet ? 
packing then back to school 
another reason not to drink and drive : if you throw a beer can out the window it will damage something in this case my front bumper thank you for \being considerate drivers \"!!!!!!" 
Talk , talk is cheap Give me a word you can keep Cause youre halfway gone and Im on way And Im feeling , feelin feelin this way 
loves the fact that its above 40 , and there is still snow on the ground yet I feel like wearing shorts 
so thinking about a new haircut .... but i dont know whether to let it grow longer or cut in a < PROPMALE > style just a little longer ? opinions please !!!!! 
sooooo ready for the weekend !!! 
good end to a never ending week ... relaxing walk by the river w/ < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPFEMALE > , then free movie , and actually going to get some sleep for once 
just found out that espionage is a crime that warrants the death penalty in new mexico ... so dont dress up as a spy on haloween or otherwise 
thank goodness its tuesday now cause its been one of the worst and longest mondays in i dont know how long 
Totally needed the girls night to relax ... hopefully the rest of the weekend will go similarly 
If I could I would do all of this again Travel back in time with you to where this all began We could hide inside ourselves and leave the world behind And make believe there's something left to find 
going old school and watching crocodile dundee !!!!! :P 
why can't it still be sunday ? 
sunshine where did you disappear to ? 
gotta love CPB meeting ... the quotes you find there are amazing !!! 
Apparently my song of the day ( i need you , relient k ) has turned into my song of the week .... gotta love when that happens 
a week of the 50s and 60s followed by rain is normal , but since when does it switch from that kind of weather to snow ?!?!?! O wait ... i forgot this is OHIO .... grr 
just got off the phone with utica zoo for an interview .. cross your fingers !!!! 
had a blast at the ground fighting seminar and now CANT wait until ToNiGhT at 10pm For SaILeSh !!!! the shows going down in the fishbowl(AMU-MPR) ! 
got a call from buffalo zoo !!! this day is starting to look better and better ! 
Can it be Thursday afternoon ??? Please .... 
studying o chem then back to campus for the scavenger hunt ! 
having one of those days where the music is sticking in my head better than the subject im studying ... gah 
All I need is half a < PROPMALE > , a second thought , a second glance I'll prove I got whatever it takes 
is back in findlay , where there is internet even if it doesnt always work ! yay !!! 
studying reproduction , genetics and writing a paper .... text it cause ill most likely need the break ! 
barn duty , casino night , and a paper tonight ... gotta love wednesday nights 
so went for looking for a park , then stumbled upon a sign that said dangerous curves , then played on the playground , and then came upon balsley ave . 
is officially interning at Buffalo zoo this summer ! 
getting ready for one long Monday ... gah 
According to < PROPFEMALE > R ., Guys make you feel/act like a girl !... love the irony 
' Cause I'll be by your side , Wherever you fall , In the dead of night , Whenever you call , And please don't fight , These hands that are holding you , My hands are holding you 
had a blast tonight ! 
Loves the fact that findlay maintenance does not know how to fix a gas leak .... thus leading to a FREEEEEZZZING cold house .. 
Steak N Shake + cool manager dude + < PROPFEMALE > Renz + < PROPFEMALE > R . + < PROPFEMALE > go round + free food = amazing mid night distraction !!!!! 
back from diving in 44 degree water and now going through a diff kind of torture its called O chem 
drive-in movie tonight along w/ passport prizes being given away after the movie !!! Croy gym at 9:30 pm !! 
gotta love playing in thunderstorms ! just watch out for the hail !! 
doesnt understand why I can ace a genetics lab final with barely studying , but then when I turn around and study for Genetics I cant seem to give the teacher what she wants .... GAH so glad that this crazy week is finals !!! 
Late Night Munchies is Tonight at Henderson , don't forget to come and get some comfort food and listen to < PROPFIRST > Silverman at 9:30 pm !!!! 
Thanks to everybody who came to Late Night Munchies and all those behind the scenes people(CPB/Greek Life/Fac/Staff ) , we couldnt have done it without you !!!! And lastly a very special thanks to < PROPFIRST > SILVERMAN for providing an excellent performance ! 
So glad genetics is done and over with !!!!!!!! Now just one more exam < PROPMALE > and a checkout dive for scuba on friday then done for the year !! kaching ! :P 
Finally home from school , now just to figure out where everything goes since my sis took over the closet while i was gone .... this is gonna be interesting ! 
Give it up and just let it go What you had you will never know The reason is right , but the feelings are wrong Now we sing to a different song . 
All the right friends in all the wrong places So yeah , we're going down They got all the right moves in all the right faces So yeah , we're going down 
Off to the track ! 
Just got my scuba license in the mail !!! Now to find somewhere to go ..... sugggestions ? 
SEASON FINALES ... gah They leave you breathless for more yet at the same time manage to make you so full of questions that you dont think you can wait for the next season to start ... why does this have to be ?? 
Trippin out \ 
Spinning around\ 
I'm underground\ 
I fell down 
Destination : Buffalo and Proving Mapquest wrong 
Having one hell of an adventure in Buffalo ... lets just say it started by not being able to get in the apartment I subleased for the summer and now has me looking for other summer housing ! 
Found and moved into another apartment .. job hunting today and starting the internship tomm ! 
See the lines , See the lines ; I start feeling ; When Im Lost , When Im lost ; There's no meaning ; Call it this , Call it this ; Spinning sideways and never stops ... 
What a beautiful smile , Can i stay for a while , On this beautiful night , We'll make everything right 
Another crazy day at the zoo ... but loving it none the less 
When I wake up , \ 
The dream isn't done . \ 
I wanna see your face , \ 
And know I made it home . \ 
If nothing is true , \ 
What more can I do ? \ 
I am still painting flowers for you . 
I wanna feel reckless , wanna live it up , just because 
Anyone interested in a All Time Low , Boys Like Girls , Third Eye Blind , Good < PROPFEMALE > , Simple Plan Concert on June 18 at Tower City in < PROPMALE > ?? 
If this trend of whenever Im bored I go workout keeps up .... Im going to be one sore puppy by tommorrow . 
Having one of those days where I cant stop singing the songs that are popping in and out of my head 
bored out of mi mente ... text it 
Just got done from an awesome day at work thanks to some anteaters ... lol 
Had a blast today .. not just trying to unwind 
When the lights go out . We'll be safe and sound . We'll take control of the world . Like it's all we have to hold on to . And we'll be a dream 
Needs to figure out something to do today .. 
trying to figure out what to have for lunch ... hmm maybe huevos rancheros .. or go to the grocery 
gahhhh ... lost why do this to me . I get all this way and now cant find season 6's early episodes !!! grr 
Online english class issss Boring .... nuf said 
At the airport for the majority of the day ... text it ! 
Does not understand why connection flights go the opposite direction you want to go . 
If airplanes in a night sky are like shooting stars , does that mean I was in a \shooting star\ " last night ? " 
Seriously considering kicking someones ass right now .... gahhhh 
Finally has a job for the summer , but the lady at the hair salon botched my hair so kinda a conflicting mood 
So the world cup today .... crappy crappy calls for the usa game ... but thankfully england tied so we still have a < PROPMALE > at making it into the brackets !!! BUT PLEASE CAN WE PLEASE WIN AT LEAST ONE GAME ????? 
finally done with class for the night working at the zoo tomm and thursday text it ! 
Wide awake my mistake so predictable , You were fake , I was great , Nothing Personal . Im walking whos laughing now . Im wasted wasting time . 
Can someone please text me whats going on in the USA vs Ghana game tomm ??? Im going to miss it because of work and i really dont think ill be able to wait to hear what happens(ed ) ... gahhh evil . 
attempting to make homemade pizza and yes im going to try and throw it ... so this could be interesting 
YAY ! its raining now if it would just thunderstorm ... life would be grand :) 
is in need of a back massage or another form of relaxation 
so today at the zoo i was stalked by a tortoise named Ralphie ... 
Going downtown for a fun night at thursday at the square and pure :) 
Just Shut Up and Kiss Me . 
Just took a quiz that told me im graceful ..... HAHA wow that quiz is soooo wrong .. they obviously dont know im a klutz lol 
If history repeats itself im sooooo getting a dinsoar and naming him fred .... roar :P 
So today at the zoo < PROPFEMALE > Penna and I were serenaded by a guy on a bulldozer , while walking to our building needless to say the day has only gotten better ! :) 
Doesnt like this thing called disease ... its quite annoying :( 
I have to say its weird to say im now in my twenties ! :P Thanks for all the birthday wishes guys !! 
Thanks guys ! I love you all , new friends or old friends just the same ! You all provide me with some sort of crazy fun time , a shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on , a laugh every now and then , pick me up when needed and most importantly just being the person you are !!! Thanks again all ! 
VS party then on my way home for a kick ass couple of days ! ;) 
Is it bad that i still have energy at this time of night ? Text it if you wanna do something . 
goodbye ohio . hello again new york . 
doesnt want to go back to this thing called work ... 
gym time hopefully it will calm me down 
was basically flashed by a 95 yr old lady at work who then defended herself by saying you see worse on tv these days ... yeah 
YAY finally done with English !!!! 
What a beautiful smile , can i stay for a while , on this beautiful night , well make everything right .... 
poolside for the day until work starts .. text it 
Ive been looking for a driver whos qualified , so if you think your the one step into my ride ;) 
Packing and switching cars so i can get everything home in one trip ! Then maybe some shopping , but who knows 
Last week in NY , and its gonna fly . Tomm at the zoo then straight to work ... texts are more than welcome .. :P 
last day in ny . off to work then packing n cleaning . then the drive home ! :) 
had a blast on the rapids today 
Just cant seem to shake this mood off .... hopefully sleep will cure 
so i walk into the guys house to hear them saying dang i cant find those cougars but im finding plenty of beaver .... 
Heres to the being mad busy before my first class has started and hoping that the semester will slow down at some point . 
Finally ran two < PROPMALE > without spraining my stupid ankles and then proceeded to get coldstone with < PROPFEMALE > Renz 
Cant wait to get out and party it up tonight ... gotta love not starting classes on friday til noon ! :D 
Had a blast last night and carrying the fun times over to tonight with < PROPMALE > Pike-Extravaganza at 8pm in Winnebrenner ! 
And thus begins the cooking tour of the states ! YAY ! 
Campus Program Board tonight ! IF you want to get involved on campus come on out to the meeting . Its at 9:30 in the Amu's Endly room ! 
' Cause Im a gypsy , are you coming with me ? I might steal your clothes and wear them if they fit me . 
o findlay email how i loathe thee .. 
just had a blast doing a workout with martial arts and a nice run afterwards ! 
Just got my GUITAR !!!! needless to say im in a good mood 
California and Oregon down : 46 to go ! 
banner making , sga meeting , studying , and learning chords ... hopefully it all gets done 
gahh can this week have an extra 24hrs before thursday so i can have a lil bit of a break at some point ?? 
does anyone know how to unlock a phone when the last four digits dont work ???? 
Glad that hitting random < PROPFIRST > works better than the factory setting when unlocking ones phone !!! 
kicking up a storm at koehler and then off to the vball courts to dig it ... and who said working out couldnt be fun ?? :P 
Oooo the joys of packing , then off to classes and then to Indy for the weekend ! 
Done with first anatomy test !!!! score ! 
Still sick but somehow being covered in paint at the end of the day makes it seem better ... now just to figure out how to remove paint from ones lips ... 
I got your runaway smile in my piggy bank , baby , Gonna cash it right in for a new < PROPFEMALE > . 
Finally getting a < PROPMALE > to practice the guitar ! 
nom nom nom nom nom .... eating baked ziti cant you tell .. i just wish it was not so hot .. bad oven :P 
i dont read the newspapers because they all have ugly print . 
Just realized that in every single class today , sex was a subject of discussion , and I didnt even have anatomy today ... you gotta love how professors get off track 
If I could I would do all of this again\ 
Travel back in time with you to where this all began\ 
We could hide inside ourselves and leave the world behind 
hitting up the park and playground today .. text it if you wanna join the party 
kitchens a mess but the smells coming from it are sooo tempting .... now just waiting for the oven to finish !!! 
southern desserts are amazing .. cant wait to figure out what states to do this weekend ! 
Love the high after a good workout ! Now back to studying .. :( 
Cant wait to get her free coldstone !!!!! 
off to the homecoming game ... now just hoping my orange hair stays orange with this rain ! :) 
Cant believe this weekend is almost done .. but three days and then a nice break ! Yay ! 
I've been thinking about light red/strawberry blonde highlights .. or should i leave it how it is ... thoughts ?? 
Dont settle for a spark .... light a fire instead ... u gotta love doves quotes 
I need to learn the < PROPMALE > of BALANCE . 
I like it on my dresser . 
driving again ... this time for a quick trip to akron and back 
Bored in boardman .... text it if ya wanna do something 
Wishes it could still be fall break but alas all good things must come to an end 
Take me home tonight , \ 
I don't want to let you go till you see the light , \ 
Take me home tonight ! 
Would love to be in Vegas right now and forget this thing called school for the weekend , like some lucky ppl are doing ! 
Busy day .. A and P Exam , classes , meetings and then heading over to < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Great < PROPFEMALE > Talent Show ! 
sleep .. then off to take a double whammy in the forms of cell biology and psychology ooo what fun ! ;) 
Is in desparate need of a back massage .. 
Another 3 states down , Maine , Vermont , and Connecticut ( whoever said that lobster is an aphrodisiac was terribly wrong they are an angerisiac ... stupid shells ) 
loving the wet roads .... although i wish i could have more playtime .. hmm i mean driving time :) 
hoping tomorrow only looks as busy as it does on paper ... cause a day with a break would be nice ! 
at LAZER NIGHT ... 
attempting to finish a paper and write notes for 8 chapters by tonight .. this is gonna be interesting 
off we go internship hunting again ! 
everyday i fight for all my future somethings 
can it please be finals week already ... i think it might be slightly easier to breathe then 
1 paper , 2 exams , 3 finals ... done ... now to finish out the week with 1 final , and 2 meetings . 
Motivation where o where did you go ??? 
headed over to henderson for Late Night Munchies with the Human iTunes ! 
Forgot how entertaining poprocks can be . 
Done with Chemistry forever !!!!! so excited !!! 
Finally home w/ the fam and the new puppy . Text me if ya wanna do something 
fairgrounds check , snow check , cars now covered in snow check 
studying for the stupid gre .. 
whats ammrogenos ? @ < PROPFEMALE > knecht 
Tonight's like a knife\ 
Would you cut me with your kiss ? 
While I missed Findlay , I def . did NOT miss this internet . 
Here we go , \ 
Just lose control and let your body give in , \ 
To the beat 
Almost thru week one !! yay now only 15 more weeks to go .... 
Loving the way yoga just makes everything else disappear 
meetings , office hour , p90x , and then a 3hr class to top off the night ... should be cake compared to yesterday 
There's more to see than can ever be seen\ 
More to do than can ever be done\ 
There's far too much to take in here\ 
More to find than can ever be found 
is pumped for comedy jam ! 
Its now official every comedy show I go to , I get picked on . But at least this year I only had a song about me . 
thank you snow for turning into ice it made driving a blast ! although you could of stopped pelting me in the face that would have been much appreciated ! 
52 thoroughbred horses need homes . Will go to Sugarcreek this Saturday for slaughter . Gentleman died and his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke and some are in foal weanling , yearlings , 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded . FREE and papered . Friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 Barnesvi ... lle , OH . \ 
-- Please pass this along to anyone you know , who can help !! 
finally got my car open and unlocked and almost got backed into/hit by STUPID IGNORANT DRIVERS in the parking lot where i had the right away to be driving not once , or twice but 4 freaking times within less than 30sec !!! I swear People need to learn how to drive !!! 
One completed P90x ab workout and an additional 30 < PROPFEMALE > of pylo ... not to bad for a Monday night .. 
had a very productive morning with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > that started by getting 3 cars unstuck from our drive ... i think we need to start a business with this one 
going back and listening to some old school soundtracks ... only problem is that I now want to go and watch top gun , back to the future , indiana jones , jurassic park , independance day , etc ... why cant movies be made like this anymore ? 
so i was sitting in old main while playing with some wrinkly balls and a prickly stick when a proff came up and started talking about the taxonomic structure of the pokemon family .... gotta love findlay ! 
finally done w/ the craziness of the week ... now to start the even crazier weekend . 
wants to go play in the \puddles\ " that are on the other side of campus ... why cant the other side of campus have some of this lake front property as well " 
feels like a little kid in grade school again .... FIELD TRIP ! 
2 tests , a drive home and then HELLO spring Break ! 
finally home for a little while .. text it you wanna < PROPFEMALE > 
towhat to watch fast and the furious or gone in 60 seconds ? decisions decisions 
hello south < PROPFEMALE > and gorgeous weather !! 
covered in grease , partially deaf , and relaxing in the sun is not a bad way to spend the day 
according to one of my professors nickelback should be used as a torture device for < PROPMALE > qaeda 
karaoke in wts ! just got off stage debating about getting back on 
What a GREAT start to the week .... NOT ... grrrr 
It must be spring cause the number of ricers on the road has exploded 
packing then off to indy for the weekend 
pumped for CASINO NIGHT !!! 
Sometimes I feel like I'm from another world\ 
And everything I want in life seems impossible\ 
' Cause people , they'll tear you apart \ 
but in the bottom of our hearts\ 
The dream's alive inside\ 
and we won't forget 
