Yea ! I finally bought myself a decent computer and am back online ! ( Following a pretty long hiatus ) . So , if anyone has been feeling snubbed , sorry ! 

I HATE housework !!! My new computer is a great diversion , but somehow , while I'm online , the mess seems to reproduce exponentially . Would someone please come clean my house while I play on my computer ? 
Thanks , everybody , for the sweet birthday wishes ! They've really added cheer to my birthday ! Now I'm going to go have something yummy to eat ! 
Roof over bedroom is leaking again . < PROPFIRST > wants to run away from home and let her kids deal with it ( and with themselves ! ) . Anybody in the mood for a long trip ? Preferably someplace < PROPFEMALE > ? I'd even do the driving if I have to .... Anybody ? 
Oh No ... oh no don't let the rain fall down . Oh No ... oh no don't let the rain fall down . Oh No ... oh no don't let the rain fall down .... my roof's got a whole in it and I might drown ... Oh yeah my roof's got a whole in it and I might drown .... 
Hope everyone has a wonderful day tomorrow surrounded by loved ones . Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Whoa ! With this weather forecast , looks like we may be staying put ! Better get to the grocery and video stores quick ! Hope there's some good stuff left . I was NOT expecting or prepared for this ! Except for the cold and the hardships it will cause , the prospect of a white Christmas in Arkansas is kind of exciting ! Everybody stay safe , warm , and surrounded by loved ones . And have a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Happy New Year , Everybody ! 
OMG ! Can < PROPMALE > McClinton still rock out or what !?! I think maybe that performance tied with Spamalot for the most fun I've ever had at WAC ! Just wish he'd perform at a local venue where people can dance ! 
We need help naming our new cat . So far , I'm voting for 
Ok .... anybody got any suggestions for cat names to throw in the hat ? It needs to be rather unique and interesting as he is a unique and interesting cat . I want to name him Schroeder , but Baker doesn't like that 
Wondering if my other FB pals who attended PBHS in the ' 70's and who also may have had some of PBHS's rather frighteningly influential English teachers of that < PROPFEMALE > ( remember them ? ) have as much difficulty as I do spelling yea , \yay\ " ( for example ) . Can't do it . Might get a visit from the Ghost of PBHS past ! " 
Went to < PROPMALE > Halter's rally at Uncle < PROPMALE>'s this evening . Had a good time . < PROPFIRST > and I got to shake his hand and talk to him a bit . Hope all my friends will vote for him ! 
Our wisteria is kinda scraggly due to a case of mistaken identity combined with an unfortunate encounter with some lopers . However , it is in full bloom and a gentle breeze is conveying its wonderful fragrance into the house through an open window . I wish that spring and its moderate temperatures could last until almost fall . Summer would be great if the temp . wouldn't rise above 85 and the humidity would stay low ! 
Just saw my sweet , formerly towheaded , baby boy go through commencement exercises at Fayetteville High School and get his diploma !!! I'm feeling a little bit misty-eyed and a lot proud . CONGRATULATIONS BAKER !!! We love you ! 
If anyone has felt ignored by me , it's probably because I didn't see your comments . I've always depended on email alerts to my fb messages , but recently discovered that they've been getting sent to junk mail instead of my inbox . And I thought nobody loved me anymore ! :( 
It's the annual Bikes , Blues , and BBQ event in Fayetteville . A definite downside to living close to Dickson St. Time to go someplace for some peace and quiet . I think I hear Eureka Springs calling me .... although I'm sure there will be a lot of biker migration over that way , too . I like fall so much , but preferably w/o the constant roar of < PROPMALE > engines ! 
Thanks , everybody , for the warm birthday wishes ! They truly helped soften the harsh reality of being another year older . 
so glad I got to see Spring Awakening ! Wish I could go again tomorrow .... that's how good it is ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! 
Participated in my first horse roundup this morning . Hey , I may get to realize my childhood dream of being a cowgirl yet ! 
