It's 2011 !!! :D I have the best friends in the world ! 

The rain is coming ! :D 
Listening to Mahler's 9th :) 
Feeling much better :D 
Goodnight all :) 
buonanotte a tutti :) 
gonna go for a run . be back later :) 
\It requires wisdom to understand wisdom ; the music is nothing if the audience is deaf . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Lippmann " 
I am photoshopped out !! My eyes are beginning to see things ! lol :P 
rain dance !! lol :D 
Listening to Vangelis ' Mythodea ! :D 
Watching the original < PROPFIRST > Crown Affair with Steeve McQueen ! :D 
boo ! more rain .. : / 
Welcome to mindhead 
Strauss's < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > performed by the New York Philharmonic starting on PBS for those willing to lend an ear . 
Birth till Death , we travel between the eternities .. 
Big Bang Theory !! :D 
Pizza Hut ! :D 
Let's see , what's for dinner .. Ramen again ? Okay .. ;) 
supper time ! ;) 
never use money to measure will 
Loving this weather :) 
With any luck , this weather will stick around for a while . :) 
Lets see who ispaying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend list , as aresult of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only gladto count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friendslist actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status ....... I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life 
putting together an oldies playlist . any suggestions ? 
Big Bang Theory Time !! :D 
Life is beautiful .. Goodnight all :D 
Goodnight to all and to all a goodnight :) 
HOW DID WE MEET ? ( Copy and paste this to see who remembers ) . 
TO NON PET OWNERSwho visit our homes and complain about our pets . 1)They live here ... you don't . 2 ) If you don't want their hair on your clothes , stay offthe furniture . That's why they call it ' fur'-niture . 3)I love my petmore then I like some people . 4)To you ... they are animals , to ... me ......... they are my young'uns , who are hairy , walk on allfours & don't talkback ! Re-post if you love your pet ! 
Back at home . Feels good to be back :) 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of .... 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you :)) 
The creative juices are flowing ! Things are back on track ;) 
I have no idea what you're saying , but I like that it has the word we in it .. lol 
A true friend doesn't care when ur broke , what ur weight is , if your house is a mess , about ur past , or if ur family is filled with a bunch of crazies ! They love you for who you are . They can go long periods of time w/o talking to u & never question the friendship . They would drop anything & everything when you need them . Repost this if you have at least one true friend . They'll know who they are ! 
Live from New York , it's Saturday Night !! 
stomach aches suck ! :/ 
nature laughs last 
It's awfully difficult to play the piano on horseback :P 
just got a buzz . now i'm kicking it at home watching free < PROPMALE > ;) 
watching < PROPMALE > and joon ;) 
granola bars make the world a better place lol 
Me : I didn't say no , I said um . lol :P 
EVERYONE STOP ! Look to your right . Whatever object you see there is your designated weapon in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse ! Comment on this post to tell me what it is , then repost to spread the zombie virus :) 
watching Bullitt 
watching snl and jammin ' on the guitar ;) 
I'm in it to win it . Nothing is gonna drag me down . ;) 
the women of snl ! these women are hilarious lol :D 
just picked up my < PROPFIRST > soap , i believe i'm ready to start painting ;) 
Bones ! :D 
This Rubik's Cube just got owned !! 
Go Spurs Go !! :D 
Wish I could watch Conan . Too bad he's on cable now , but I'm glad he's back on tv , good for him . :) 
I've officially renamed the \Rubik's Cube . \ " It will now be known as \ " The Cube of Rubik . \ " It just has more of an epic flare to it . lol It also sounds like it could be part of the title of an Indiana Jones movie . Indiana Jones and The Cube of Rubik .. lol :P \ 
\I'm a wonderer . \"" 
Can't wait until Thanksgiving and time with the family ! :D 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! :) 
Well , we finished watching the Godfather trilogy , now it's time for some Call of Duty . Not a big gamer , but it is time with the family . :) 
just got back from my christmas shopping , boy is it good to be home . ;) 
perfect outdoor portrait weather . anybody want pictures taken ? lol 
listening to the Braveheart soundtrack ! :) 
Going to try going to bed a little earlier today . Goodnight ladies and gents . 
Had an awesome night . Goodnight ladies and gents . 
Happy New Years ! Have fun and stay safe ! :D 
damn technology's flaws ! lol 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > Postlethwaite - His acting was on the level of genius , great loss . 
Got to see one of my best friends !!! That made my day .. :D 
Let's see how creative my FB friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of ** YOUR FIRST ** Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word not copy , that's no fun !.. 
why do i have to be such an idiot sometimes .. 
raked the front yard today , 9 bags full ! lol 
gots to love some homemade fideo !! :D 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek :) 
mmm pancakes for supper :D 
Glad Christian Bale finally got recognized at the < PROPFEMALE > Globes 
\What we do for ourselves dies with us . What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal . \ " \ 
Watching a flick called The Duchess with my mom and aunt . 
I believe I'm going to have breakfast for supper . Yumsies ;) 
I love when < PROPFEMALE > Fey does that \Julia Roberts laugh\ " on those 30 Rock promos .. lol " 
- \What kind of idiots do you have working here ?! \ " \ 
this year we'll experience 4 unusal dates .. 1/1/11 ; 1/11/11 ; 11/1/11 ; 11/11/11 ... now figure this out ... take the last 2 digits of the year you were born , plus the age you will be this year ... it will add up to 111 
Finally watching Talladega Nights : The Ballad of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > .. for the first time ! 
\What does diablo mean ? \ " \ 
Watching Batman : Mask of the Phantasm . One of the most under-rated movies of the 90s . Animated doesn't mean it's just for kids !!! 
the damn neighbors think we all want to listen to rap through the night !!! must make my voice heard ! 
Woke up to a chorus of howling dogs . It sounded like \All Dogs Go To Heaven\ " outside .. lol " 
The Cape !! Same Cape channel , Same Cape time !!! lol :D 
< PROPMALE>'s Law was awesome ! I hope this show sticks around !! :D 
It's so awesome outside today ! :D 
\The future is not a gift : it is an achievement . Every generation helps make its own future . This is the essential challenge of the present . \ " \ 
Here's how I feel about Elementary Statistics : The word Elementary comforts me , yet the word Statistics frightens me to no end .. lol 
Watching Seinfeld . :) 
I've never been happier , I've never fully understood the phrase , \It feels too good to be true\ " until now . I seriously am in awe .. " 
Listening to Rush while I work out ! It's gonna be an awesome day .. :D 
If it snows , awesome , but I gotta say this cold weather just ain't cutting it ! 
watching The Empire Strikes Back 
i want to thank her for the good times and for the privilege of getting to know her in that light . thanks for all the smiles we shared . 
who lives in a pineapple under the sea ?! come on , you know it ! lol 
watching Superman : The Movie :) 
i'm craving some banana pudding :) 
had a talk with my mom . feeling much better about things . i love you mom :) 
Just saw The Rite , very well done film . Hopkins at his best ! 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right and pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is part of LIFE ... Getting back up is LIVING ......... Re-post if you agree , I just did 
Awesome weather lately . I'm so glad the cold temps are in the rearview . 
Gonna play scrabble with my Mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and Grandma :) 
Got to see one of my best friends ! :D 
Goodnight everybody . 
\If you fall I'll catch 
