just having a little party for myself in my room lol 

is cleaning my room and watching < PROPFEMALE > on DVD 
ugh Zach I probably won't barely even play that mafia wars game thing lol you knowme kid ! 
Wondering why all the deaths lately wow ! < PROPFIRST > Mays , that sucks too 
is really excited about Summerfest on July 4th ! :D 
Summerfest rocked on Saturday ! 
really hates being an adult . I miss being a kid with no bullshit around like nowadays . Yeah I know that's how it goes but geeez ! 
is so happy to have found her < PROPFEMALE > , that is what he is to me 
is bored ughh lol , but excited to go shopping with mom after she gets up from her nap . She said she needs an uplift , hell so do I . Just wish I had more $ lol 
There will never be any other shows that can even compare to < PROPMALE > and Son and All in the Family 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthdays :) 
DO NOT ACCEPT A FRIEND REQUEST FROM A CHRISOPHER DAVIES AND < PROPFEMALE > DAVIES THEY ARE HACKERS . TELL EVERY 1 ON YOUR LIST BECAUSE IF SOMEBODY ON YOUR LIST ADDS HIM , HE'LL BE ON YOUR LIST TOO . HE'LL FIGURE OUT UR COMPUTER'S ID AND ADDRESS , SO COPY & PASTE THIS .... MESSAGE TO EVERYONE EVEN IF U DON'T CARE ! 
is watching Smackdown , and doing some laundry 
is now watching Christmas Vacation and just sorta relaxing 
Playing Resident Evil 3 Nemesis , waiting for Raw to come on . Also looking up really interesting ghost towns ( abandoned cities , etc ) 
feeling yucky lol 
gotta clean my room , dust was building up quite a bit ! LOL 
Spending new years < PROPFEMALE > at home with my Mom and her bf < PROPMALE > 
had a wonderful time with an amazing man :) 
it is so fricken cold outside too damn cold for me I can't stand it lol ! 
goody two goody two goody goody two shoes -don't you just love when a song is stuck in your head ? lol 
gonna go to the library , the mall , who knows where else tomorrow night lol feel like going places lol 
I won't be drinking for quite some time , overdid it the other night , paid for it all day today ughh lol 
been feeling yucky , I think it was from Excedrin I took , irritated my stomach someting fierce 
watching < PROPFEMALE > , waiting for my mom to get up from her nap so I can take a shower 
lol I almost missed the bus , or thought I would , ran like a bat out of hell lol , dropping things in the process , thanks Tiff and < PROPFIRST > for helping me pick up my stuff , caught it just in time lol 
just sitting around , might play some Silent Hill 3 
about to go to bed in a bit 
cleaning my room 
STRESSED 
Use me I'll set you on fire 
Women wonder why men are so fascinated and attracted with the physical attributes with the opposite sex when life is not all about it . This is also the reason why women have a difficult time in trusting and understanding men better . 
I'm not an outgoing social person , and never will be sorry I'm not fucking perfect for this shitty world 
Hope to find a job soon :) 
I miss my mom , she's up north :( 
Wow < PROPMALE > Michaels seems to be everywhere lol 
< PROPFEMALE > in Chains is good music ! 
Been playing Diner Dash 2 and Resident Evil games 
Sorry that I'm not perfect , sorry I have alot of issues , sorry that I'm not exciting , sorry that I'm just me ... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > on Youtube and just relaxing 
Going to bed soon , feeling a little yucky and tired 
I am just hoping to find a job , it is really tough and tight at our house , my mom can barely afford anything , and it's just very stressful . 
is just taking life one day at a time , and trying my very best to pull through and keep looking for a job :) 
you know you're broke when you can't afford the dollar menu lol 
Colposcopy = ( glad it is over =) lol , spelled it wrong before lol 
is watching Full House 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > 
Tired of not having a job and being constantly broke 
has the worst cramps ughh :( 
I am not be the most beautiful , or the \ 
sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's \ 
first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone \ 
I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some \ 
of the things I've done in the past , but ... I'm\ 
proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or , watch me as I walk \ 
away ! Post this to your status if you're proud of being you ! 
doesn't feel too good tonight , woke up sweating and feeling nauseas after my nap . 
is going to bed soon 
I'm back . Ended up going to the mall with < PROPFIRST > , a friend of mine . She was on the bus when I got on . 
Me + Stress = Not a good < PROPFEMALE > :( 
isn't feeling the best yet again :( ..... 
Probably going to the mall or something today I'M BORED 
leaving to catch the bus soon . Going to the mall for a little while , can't sit in this house another day 
Listening to Queensryche's Operation Mindcrime - VERY good album 
has to work tonight at 5pm til between 9:30 - 10:00 at where I used to work when I lived in Random Lake 
Back from working , * woosh * I'm beat , was a busy night doing dishes , probably gonna hit the hay sooner than later tonight 
Ugh , Sundays are sooo boring 
is watching Pretty Woman on TV , just being a lazy ass today lol 
Wish I felt more important 
watching 1408 on Youtube , such a great movie and < PROPFIRST > Cusack is so cute lol 
I do not feel important or appreciated whatsoever 
getting tired but somehow I'm still up lol 
Wish I could get my hair layered and dyed 
ughh our internet and cable were out for hours , finally just got it back 
has alot of running around to do today 
got stung by a < PROPFEMALE > on my forearm . It hurts and stings < PROPFEMALE > much , it's all red and swollen 
Seriously needs to revamp her wardrobe or something cuz ughh 
probably going to the mall later or something after 5 
going to bed soon 
Ugh I think I'm getting heartburn 
listening to Rush . Gotta work tomorrow night at 5 like I did not last Saturday but before it 
Relaxing after a busy night at work . I am beat lol my feet are screaming . Was definitely worth it though . 
wants to have some drinks sometime this week 
GD IT I AM SO SICK OF ALL THIS IT'S ALWAYS THE SAME OLD SAME OLD WHY CAN'T MY LIFE BE BETTER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ARGH I WANNA PULL MY F ****** HAIR OUT AND RUN AWAY 
Just wants to focus on getting a job , then looking into help to have a place of my own 
has to work today at 5pm , and help my fiance's mom pack in the morning 
is home after a long day , now just relaxing 
Might go to Goodwill today , getting frustrated with having nothing to wear , even though I have stuff , ugh lol 
Probably going to bed soon . Such a shitty day Sundays suck ass 
Sick of everyone else getting the fun in life 
I am so worried about one of our cats , Simba , he has not been eating too much lately :( - he is over 10 yrs old 
Simba has an inflamed liver :( 
Staying over and helping pack at < PROPMALE>'s moms place with < PROPMALE > 
People who want to be engaged to someone shouldn't keep secrets and lie to them 
Sometimes I just want to run away 
i love ddddddddddddddddddddddddddddreeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk and i hate my cuz tiff 
annoyed at < PROPMALE > posting stupid crap on my status 
Wish I felt prettier 
has a bad migraine again 
isn't feeling the best , kinda nauseas 
wish I had a laptop , would be so much easier being able to lay down on my bed and still be on the computer 
Accept me for who I am , don't try to change me to fit something you want . 
has to work tonight at 5pm , as well as next Saturday , woo hoo ! 
is beat from working , now relaxing , eating and watching youtube 
watching Rugrats .. ahh to be a kid again I tell ya 
I seriously need more energy , I never feel like doing anything 
Why do most men have to be so selfish , only thinking about themselves , and what THEY want ... 
Why do most BOYS have to be so selfish , only thinking about themselves , and what THEY want ... 
is beat , was so busy at Homefront , and what kinda nut calls the cops cuz someone wouldn't answer their phone ? a drunken sot LOL 
I need to watch where I put my hand in pictures lol 
I have the worst migraine , I don't know why nothing is helping it 
\I was busy\ " gets so annoying to hear arrghh lol " 
Compromise has always been my strong point , I make it a point to be fair ! =) 
I miss when McDonald's had the different flavored twist cones ! the pink ones and the blue ones were my fav 
:( 
BLAH IM SO BORED 
It was such a workout giving little < PROPFEMALE > a bath haha :D 
might take a bath/shower then a little nap 
playing Super < PROPFIRST > All Stars on SNES . Wish I could figure out how to get the sound to come through my stereo though 
has a < PROPMALE > migraine but gonna go to bed eventually 
Oh how I love these daily headaches and migraines , how they never end .. =( 
just sitting at the computer with < PROPFIRST > on my lap , with her paw stretched out 
has a very bad migraine again .. :[ 
tired of not having my own phone I have no f###### way to call anyone ever 
watching Beavis and Butthead Do < PROPFEMALE > , gettin ready to hit the hay 
can't sleep ... 
ugh keep getting the same McDonald's Monopoly pieces at just about every one , I need Mediteranean ugh lol 
I HATE MY CUZIN 
is extremely frustrated . 
my cousin is awesome =) 
I am just me , and that's enough for me , Who cares if I'm no supermodel or social butterfly . I will NEVER change for ANYONE ! :D 
majorly needs a shower ! 
Damn it is freezing cold ! brrrrrrrrrrrrr ... :( 
wish I could at least win ONE of the Monopoly prizes ... 
says well my bed is calling me , even though 3 cats are on it , lol well there's extra warmth :) Good night everyone :) 
it's just too damn cold outside , I need to get a winter jacket ... from Goodwill , don't have the $ to buy a new one 
I don't understand why just about every single day , I get a headache or a migraine , it really makes life harder ! =( 
had a really great time last night ! would definitely do that again , just gotta make sure I drink a glass of water between drinks at least lol 
I am SO beat from work I could collapse 
I'm sorry if my form of joking isn't raunchy and filthy/sexual . I can't help that I am uncomfortable with that , that is me . My form of joking is tamer , yet sometimes a bit morbid . I can't help what makes me upset , I am a sensitive person . 
Post this as your status and see what people love \ 
about you . I love your _____ . 
is tired and gonna hit the hay soon 
is in dire need of money/a GD job , this is getting ridiculous , and also pissing me off when it's suspected that money was taken from MY room 
Step away from the jukebox , Mr. \Renholec\ " :D " 
has a very bad migraine and feeling nauseas gonna go lay down and go to bed 
has an interview @ 1:00 at Family Video tomorrow 
needs a hug 
is wishing I could find a job , it really is very depressing and I don't know what else to do 
going to play Bully for awhile ( a PS2 game ) 
I hate it when he gets that way to my Mom 
going to play some more Bully for a little while , then going to bed 
has an interview at the Sheboygan Humane Society today at 2:00 for cat caregiver :) 
is playing Bully again haha - have to work on Friday at Homefront @ 5 yay :D 
has a migraine and is extremely hungry but there is absolutely nothing to eat and I don't have much for money either 
I guess I'll go take the bus at 7:30 and go downtown , probably bum around with my friend < PROPFIRST > , and get something to eat for supper for myself before that 
I love video games , they are a nice escape from reality sometimes haha 
Can't go back to sleep , have to get up soon anyways 
eating a snack I made and watching Beavis and Butthead episodes on Youtube . Always loved them , grew up watching em haha 
Stupid computer was acting stupid for the last hour + couldn't get on internet ugh I hate that . 
I wish I could go back in time and be a kid again if only for a day , I miss those times so much these days 
taking the 6:30 bus , making sure I am bundled up enough , and then going to the mall for a little while , see if my friend < PROPFIRST > is down there before I go . Gonna get something to eat too 
gotta get up earlier and make the pie I'm making to take to my grandparents for Thanksgiving tomorrow . 
I miss the shows I grew up with , like < PROPFEMALE > Explains It All , Hey < PROPMALE > , Are You Afraid Of the Dark , All That , Kenan and Kel , Salute Your Shorts , I could go on .. \ 
they are so hard to find , and if they are put up on Youtube or something , they get taken down , so I have nowhere to watch them unless they put them on DVD :( 
pie is in the oven , now gonna watch Plains , \ 
Trains , and Automobiles , even if it is on TV , I'd rather watch my DVD \ 
cuz it's uncut haha . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Excited to get my hair dyed tomorrow . My Mom is going to help me , she said it's my birthday present :) and I hope everyone has had a terrific thanksgiving ! 
Darn it I thought my Mom meant we were dying my hair today , not til my b-day lol Holy s *** it is too frickin cold out !!! 
is working on a drawing , then gonna take a break from it and go walk to Kwik Trip to get some stuff to eat . 
Getting annoyed I can't seem to draw right , erasing\ 
erasing erasing ugh I love drawing but I hate when I can't seem to get \ 
eyes right , or the nose is all messed up . argh 
is watching the original Night Of the Living Dead on youtube . It's still pretty good , but I still prefer the 1990 remake 
Just watched ' Frozen ' - Not a bad movie , although I kinda wished they would've showed the aftermath at the end , still good though- watching deleted scenes and behind the filming . There's no gimmicks in this movie at all , they are really there , no CGI and stuff like that , they were really pretty much going through what they did in the movie in a way , pretty cool . 
probably gonna stop at Goodwill today 
sick of how tight things are around here . I can't seem to get a job , we have pretty much no money , my Mom is stressing out and so am I , well everyone is , and it just flat out sucks 
Just wants to veg out at home , maybe bake some cookies or something . It's too cold out and I just want to stay home , listen to some music , watch some Beavis and Butthead and maybe Simpsons .. 
gonna watch some Beavis and Butthead now 
Took EVERYTHING off of my Zune just to get ONE picture off of it , what a pain in the ass , this is going to take awhile now lol oh well at least I can sorta start off fresh 
Thank you everyone for the Happy birthday wishes :) 
head feels like it's going to explode 
argh I can't stand Nickleback's music !! lol 
is going to bed , soooooooo tired 
nothing wrong with long hair on men 
Goodnight 
is watching Flowers in the Attic on Youtube , waiting for my hair dye to rinse it out . Gotta work tonight at Homefront :) 
Sundays suck 
needs to clean my fricken room !! 
is watching part of \Monster\ " on Youtube before Raw comes on - God men can be such f ****** PIGS !! " 
needs a shower , wouldve gotten up earlier like I wanted to if it hadn't been for the GD alarm not going off !!! 
It's too *&^%$#@ cold out !!!!!!!!! 
for some reason , this year , I feel more bah humbug about Christmas . I can't stand most of the music , it's so repetitive , in every store I swear I hear like 500 different versions of one song . Then I wanted to go to Piggly Wiggly the other day , well I get driven out of there cuz of some horrendous accordion player standing next to the < PROPFEMALE > ringer . 
decided to stay up late and go through my jewelry 
MTV should just change their name , Music Television my ass . All they have on there are a bunch of teens being pregnant , dozens of reality shows . Of course if they did have music shows/videos they would have crap on there anyway , from what I've seen , not even Headbanger's Ball is that impressive anymore . 
watching < PROPFEMALE > yay and it's the older season , if I'm not mistaken , the first season , my favorite one ! :D and I'm putting together a Christmas gift I made for the house , it's a sentimental type of gift 
realizes how much happier I am without that anchor in my life , he was just a user anyway 
ugh stupid computer decided to be a piece of crap when making a burned cd for a part of a gift , couldn't copy half the CD , now it will not come out of the drive 
has a headache and kinda just wants to go to bed 
at home relaxing now . Love the gifts that I got . We all also did White Elephant gifting with the family this year lol\ 
After the holidays I am definitely gonna start walking more , I feel like such a pig lol 
needs to find a punch recipe and maybe some snack recipe for my grandparents tonight 
was thinking of making stuff for at my grandparents , but realized that we don't have anything to make with , and can't make a punch with only < PROPFEMALE > ale and vodka yuck , not to mention nothing is open to buy some stuff and besides that lol not much money 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
listening to the new < PROPFEMALE > in Chains CD I got for Christmas , I love it ! 
going downtown for awhile for a walk since I didn't last night lol 
I amuse myself in my very own private hell 
is rockin ' the ' 80s tunes ! 
Going nighty night in a little while , will be thinking of a certain someone :) 
Had a delicious dinner at < PROPFIRST>'s , he is definitely good at what he does :) 
Mom is finally taking down the tree and putting all the other Christmas stuff away 
listening to Type O Negavite and Danzig :D 
Black black black black number one 
well besides Danzig and TON I threw in some great ' 80s songs < PROPFIRST > Ant and Duran Duran and all sorts of great stuff IMHO !!!! 
I am LOVING that song Goody Two Shoes I am serious it is in my head honestly it kicks ass !!!! 
Now I went to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , great singer right there !!!! GREAT music !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > AND THE JETS- GOD I LOVE THAT SONG !!!!!!! - always have honestly - he may be you know , but he seriously kicks ass in my honest opinion , I don't care what you think !! 
My cat < PROPFIRST > obviously likes < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , cuz she is sitting right in front of the speaker with her face RIGHT directly on front of it , I tell no lie ! 
Cannot sleep now and I was gonna sleep in lol 
all of a sudden I feel sluggish , like a zombie 
I hope I don't have another nightmare like last night :( 
going to bed pretty quick here 
Sometimes I feel like someone has a voodoo doll of me that affects me both physically and mentally . This morning I woke up feeling like I had been strangled\ 
and again I wake up just feeling rather down , been feeling that way all week it seems so far . I didn't have any dreams last night , at least any I could remember , and I also was not drinking . Doesn't help seeing that P.O.S. either haha 
wish my Mom would WAKE UP ! 
gonna take the bus for awhile , not sure where I'm gonna go , just to gtfo of here 
Went to K-Mart with my Mom a little while ago , and the < PROPFIRST>'s Day crap is out , ughh , the only good things about it , is the < PROPFEMALE > , and the fact it only lasts one day 
watching Faces Of Death , never seen it before . Realized recently that most of it is only acted out and not real , only some scenes are real , like that one politician shooting himself , that kinda stuff . It is very interesting though either , way , guess I just have always had a morbid curiousity muahaha 
probably gonna hit the hay soon after I finish watching the 2nd FOD movie , as my cat Oreo wants me to go to bed , she's on my lap all purring and looking up at me like , it's late time for bed lol :) 
Yay I got my new Safelink phone now since asshole pulled the plug on the other one 
if it wasn't so damn cold I would bum around downtown and go for a walk , but the cold goes right through my shoes so I can't handle it 
might go to Pick N Save though , I feel more comfortable with places that have self checkouts then people aren't eyeing you or looking down on you cuz you have to use a food card - I'm of the ones who don't take advantage , and who really needs it , it really helps my Mom out as she is barely left with much money , and for me jobs are scarce 
Hmm found something called Traces Of Death , too bad there are no videos of it 
again my Mom is STILL sleeping yet !!!!! 
just sitting watching a < PROPFIRST > Dahmer documentary and drinking a can of Big Red , yummy soda ! did some shopping with Mom at Save a Lot and just got done eating some pizza I got from there 
feeling rather zombie-like , and have a < PROPMALE > migraine , took an Exedrin but feel a bit foggy lol so gonna relax with a cup of hot tea and some < PROPFEMALE > most likely , at least til Mom comes home from Grandma's when she wants to look up ghost pictures of stuff like that . 
is going to bed 
I can't wait til the damn sports crap is off the TV as I cannot hear my music with my Mom's bf's shouting at it !! 
\\m/ Rokken with Dokken \\m/ 
I still and always will hate Sundays , feels like a day of DEATH !!! 
just watching some more < PROPFEMALE > and going to get ready for bed , at least maybe ... possibly ..... try to get to bed earlier hahah 
\OMG it's decaf ! who let that into the house ?! \"" 
feels like the biggest jerk ever today , I didn't mean to forget like I did :( 
has the very worst migraine you could ever imagine , on the right side of my head in and around the eye :/ it hurts so much that I feel nauseas 
thinking I'm gonna be turning in early these waves of nausea are killing me 
feeling much better today thank goodness :) 
gotta meet my job developer then after that gonna come home and catch up on WWE Raw on youtube , haven't watched it in a couple weeks so I wanna see what's happening 
decided to watch < PROPFEMALE > instead >:) I soooo wish I had her powers ! 
SERIOUSLY gets sick of having to deal with my Mom's bf's mutterings ughhh A-hole 
been having an upset stomach today , not sure why . Gonna stop at the mall cuz I have to use this card thing before it won't be valid 
needs her tummy to feel better , not even the Pepto worked - wtf :/ usually it does lol 
gonna be turning in soon , got a few things to run and do tomorrow , including going to the pantry , not to mention another migraine brewing :/ 
another headache grrrr , and had an irritating angering dream which probably didn't help :/ what is with the dreams I have sheesh 
not feeling so great today , violent tummy and head what in the hell is wrong with me lately egads ! :/ 
gonna relax at home , take a bath , and basically relax , then need to set up a dr. appt tomorrow to find out what's wrong . 
Damn cat just takes a crap in the litterbox in here and leaves the room , thanks alot it smells nasty , damn cat ..... 
probably gonna be going to bed soon , have my jacket on the bed yet , as well as 3 cats sleeping on there , but waiting for me to move my rear to the bed under the covers :D 
Well SOMEONE has framed me or something about ordering pizzas to their Dad's house , an officer came to my house to see if I was the one that ordered them . I would REALLY like to know what the hell this is all about cuz I would never do something like that . I am sure you can take a wild guess at who I am talking about hmm ?? ha I would never do something so dumb 
can't wait to get my N64 memory card in the mail so I can finally save Mystical Ninja instead of getting far and having to shut it off and lose it all 
playing Donkey Kong on my SNES ahh nostalgia ! :D 
now playing Super < PROPFIRST > World 
gonna make some popcorn and watch some Unsolved Mysteries DVDs about UFOS/ghost with my Mom ---- sooo cold outside :( -- but my heart is warmed by a certain someone , you know who you are :) 
gonna go to bed soon , another headache , and cold of course brrrrr , food pantry in the am @10 
has to work tonight at 5 at Homefront in Random Lake , probably be home more than likely not til between 10-11 
home and beat , but is worth it . Going to the mall tomorrow to take advantage of a little deal they have . 
is playing Super < PROPFIRST > World 2 Yoshi's Island :) 
Excedrin Menstrual is a miracle for the nasty pain , works fast , thank god ! 
is now playing Mystical Ninja Starring Goemon for Nintendo 64 . got my memory card for it in the mail today so now I can save it , then I'm going to sleep 
Can't wait til the temperature starts getting a little more tolerable ( at least 35deg+) then I can go for my long walks again like when I used to walk to South Pier 
Another Sunday lol >:( but going to make the angel food < PROPFEMALE > stuff , and hopefully this time it doesn't frickin burn like the last 2 times , Mom is going to buy a different < PROPFEMALE > thermometer to see if the one we have is faulty 
