im stationed in < PROPMALE > but reception is in sentennial ? i dont get it 

It sucks when you want to hug someone you miss when all you have is their picture . 
How many peices can my heart tear into ? \ 
How many wishes can I wish it not to ? \ 
I look at the sky and see the stars . \ 
As I rub my body and its battle scars . \ 
I ran so fast that I feel like jello , \ 
Will I give up ? Fucking hell no ! \ 
My will is to strong for my hopes to die . \ 
As we fall into darkness and listen to the world cry . \ 
Follow our ancesters footsteps as we march on . \ 
We dominate our enemies from here to Kingdom Kong . 
It's not only my job as a citizen to protect my neighbors but as a soldier to aid the world's population 
I hate being lazy ... but its so easy to do lol 
my right bicept is sore 
Ok sooooo I was at Water World and this girl said \He has bigger boobs then I do ! \ " pointing to me .... and I was thinking ... she called me fat !!! " 
night guys T2UL 
gtg for now be back soon lol 
If I can make a girl fall in love with one kiss then I don't want her .... \ 
But if she likes me for who I am then thats better ... \ 
Now if she stays with me through all my faults ... thats what im looking for 
Neglected or forgotten ?? 
If she leaves you because she needs space . then she's a bitch ... If you leave her because you need space ... she's probably a bitch lol funny stuff 
How come whenever a cute girl wants to talk to me my younger cousin is with me and I have to ignore the \sighns\ " because im trying to be a \ " role model\ " .... * sigh oh well " 
How come my cousins cant get the concept of if i dont answer their question that means im ignoreing you ... not come closer and ask me again lol 
be back on l8trz chow 
How come when I lived in Cali nobody called to < PROPFEMALE > or said hey what's up ? but now that I live in CO everybody wants me to come visit ? Am I that annoying friends that no one wants around unless they are gone ? 8 *( 
Can someone give me a massage ??.... Please ?? 
I've decided to close my eyes and wish the day to be over .... At least the working part 
* sigh ya ya ya ... you talk to me then you .. you laugh and giggle but in the end you stop ... 
so cute .. so nice .. so far away 8 *( 
Water World Adventures !!!!.... Ok before it closed during the week I went to water world one day ... and some lady came up to me and hugged me !!! she said as she was hugging me ... \awww Good job honey !!! \ " .... I turned around and said woooooow ... lol she freaked out and walked off laughing .... leaving me scarred for life 8 *( " 
What's on YOUR MIND !!!??? 
I'm to lazy to take a shower !!!... In the shower ... I'm to lazy to get out of the shower !!!!... 
Ryan ..... -- ... Ryan ..... -- ... Ryan ..... -- ... Ryan ..... WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAT !!!!!!!!..... XO ..... Good night I love you ... OO .... 8 *( 
I don't hate you for who you are !!! I hate you for being alive !!! > 8O 
A good friend once asked me what would baby jesus say ... during math class ... my reply was \FUK this SHT \"" 
Awww memories .... sweet sweet memories ... and then you pop up > 8O 
Leave me the fuk alone !!!! Can't you be nice about it ? FIne ... Please leave me the fuk alone !!! 
I wonder wht it would be like if I was in my brothers body ? 
Ever had a girl you like soooo much come up to ask you a question ... and your like oh my god oh my god oh my god !!! then she asks if your gay ??? then your like ..... OO W .... T .... F ..... I'm sorry do I know you ? 
When I said I'm going to watch a movie ... I ment I'M going to watch a movie ... as in ME .... ALOOOONE !!! 
Hey sometimes I get bored so don't believe everything on my post 
The power of Love 
Take my breath away 
I don't want to miss a thing 
All my life 
If your not the one 
Just a Dream 
My uncle is a dumbass 
TIIIIIIRRRRRREEEEED .. Just got done playing softball .. from ^p.m to 11:30 pm i'm beat ... well night gotta get up at 4 to get ready for work lol 
Just got bak from dinner with my mom and brother ... I am full !!! 
Can't sleep 
K imma try and go to sleep ... again ... * sigh 
Today was a good day .... after work ate at the aquarium and < PROPMALE > out with my bro ... then chilled and watched movies now .... watch more movie lol 
Today was a bitch !!! 
I close my eyes and let it rain\ 
As I let my body absorb the pain\ 
My heart is sore from all the sorrow\ 
Wonder what lifes got installed for me tomorrow 
Payday !!!.... tomorrow 
Great ... here comes the cold ... and the crybabies 
To fricken hot in the house 
Off to drill I go !! 
now what ? 
Fck it i'm single until I have the following ..... House , the job I want , and at where i want to be for the rest of my life . Game Over 
Night all 
AMERICAAAAA !!!!! 
* sigh 
OO 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VascyLfpNrI 
Told her she would stop talking to me eventually 
I'm tired but don't want to go to sleep !! 
I need a date for tomorrow ... I'm going to the movies by myself on my B-day ... no date :( \ 
.... No family .. :( ... No friends ... :( ... some birthday ... maybe I should just sleep all day 
I'm officially 20 !!!! 
Thx for all the happy B-DAYS !! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A-wK-RLlWKA 
why was my account suspended !?!?!? WTF !!! 
If you thought it was hot today I'm sorry .... I had my shirt off all day 
I'm tired 
I got a new job 
I'm officially going to The < PROPMALE > Institute of Colorado .... classes start monday 
i'm ready to sleep haha ... work at 5am ... just talked to one of my best friends i havn't talked to in a while ... classes start monday .... new job starts tuesday ... I'm a happy camper 
What to do today 
Classes tomorrow 
In class wonder how it's going to go ? 
Long day ahead of me 
I love McChickens . 
That wasn't me ?? 
I'm in the writing poetry kind of mood ... hmmmmmmm what to write 
I belive the unpradictable ... I can see the undetectable ... I can hear the missunderstandable ... I can feel the undeniable ... but my voice can't be perpetual ... it can not be respectable ... because the world is inevitable to most incredible judgmental disrespectfull personal greed to self compatible ecstaical practical need ! 
No matter how many times I say I don't want one my heart begs to differ 
It shouldn't matter where you are for you to be who you want to be ... It should matter who you are to be where you want to be . 
I feel empty 
I have a a surprise that no body will expect buahahahahaha 
cant wait till thursday !!!!! 
2 more dayyyys !!!! 
............... 
If every right has a wrong ... how can i go left ?? XD 
Who is wise ? He that learns from everyone . Who is powerful ? He that governs his passions . Who is < PROPMALE > ? He that is content . Who is that ? Nobody . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
What whispers in the wind and gives you a chill ? What warms your soul and gives you a thrill ? What destroys your thrive to feel alive ? What earns your drive to survive ? What makes you smile when you hurt to much ? What makes your stomach turn by a single touch ? What explains all the above ? Its a simple word strictly know as love 
* sigh boooooooorrrrrreeeeeedddddd 
Life's complications are easy to find ... but the solutions are deep in our minds 
There is a point in time where shock will destroy our emotions ... And the brink of < PROPFEMALE > will evolve our courage to a forward motion ... In the end we learn from our mistakes and cry because of fear ... But then again you see us standing tall , because fear is no longer here . 
Why do I do this to myself ? 
If you let something into your heart make sure it wants to be there ... otherwise it will leave pain in its place 
sup guys !!! i feel like writing poetry so feel free to give me ideas 
I am define\ 
Addicted to individuality\ 
My personality\ 
Demands the reality\ 
Ending in prejudice\ 
Finding the steps i miss\ 
I dismiss the hiss\ 
Never ending bliss\ 
Enter my mind i am define 
im an idiot 
why do i even bother when i should just keep my mouth shut and mind my own buisness 
ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRG IM SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO STUUUUUUUPIIIIIIID !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Well friends I messed up once again ... 2 years I haven't felt like this about a girl and I ruin my rep for being sweet , respectful , and that feeling like you want to be around me , because I over reacted . If I could I would take everything back but I can't and I hurt her . 
I don't know maybe somewhere deep down in her heart she will give me a second chance ... maybe 
Now I can't sleep cuz I feel horrible 
ok friends imma go lay down and try to fall asleep or just stare into space and think of a way to make it up to her 
well still can't sllep 
My 2 biggest fears are hurting someone I love and them not forgiving what I've done ... I will never forgive myself for my actions 
ok ... I'm done being sorry for myself ... I figure she will accept my apology and start talking to me when she is good and ready ... If she never does then it's my loss 
yay !! I think i made her happy ... but i still feel like shit :/ 
I feel great ... 
ok ?? that shocked me but at least i know 
oh ya ......... 
I don't feel great anymore ... imma go cry now 8 *( 
I think imma write poetry all day that will make me feel better !! 
im soooo hungry !!!!!!!!!!! 
im making a huge pot of mac'n'cheese with hotdogs 
great ... i just can't win ... i suck :/ 
I'm starving !! 
Imma go roam the streets maybe go eat something .... DENNY'S!! ?? 
* sigh i didnt go to < PROPFIRST>'s cuz my mom is coming into town and I want to go with her not by myself ... and i didnt want to eat alone :( soooo i got the mcdonalds 50 piece instead with sweet tea 
i got this message saying im someones stalker and i didnt even know i was their friend lol 
well im off to bed night !! 
my mom is coming to town ... no basketball tonight ... sorry 
unless she wants to see adri play 
haha a couple weeks ago I got pissed off at < PROPFIRST > and made a hole in her door with my elbow ... there was a huge splinter so i pulled it out and it made that gross sound from a horror movire right !! well i thought that was that no big deal .. 
well today in the shower i notice white coming out of my muscle .. thought it was puss so i tried popping it ... lol it was more splinters , gross right well i kept squeezing \ 
and more splinters came out lol thank GOD for a good immune system XD 
YAY !! I get to spend the day with the woman who loves me the most !! 
YE ... AHHHH lol my day was great !!... hung out with my mom ... went out to eat ... played zombies with my cuz ... then watched a couple basketball games ... now i start my new job tomorrow ... feeling good REAL good !!! oh and my mom saw the girl i like ... of course she approves ... but ya imma sleep cuz i work from 8 to 5 
Damn i want to celebrate but i have no friends in CO 8 *( ... well i do but they are working ... and the girl i like never wants to < PROPFEMALE > out cuz she is always with her friends ... FML !!!!... guess its gunna be me , myself , and I .... hmmm i think i'll play a little basketball ... maybe see a movie and dinner ... * sigh ALL .... BY .... MYSELF !! 
Fuck it im going to hooters ... ive been craving their wings !! 
Imma see the mechanic 
Daaaaaamn !!! Its paaaaaaaaaaaaacked !!!!!! Good thing i went alone 
Night friends .. today was cool ... went to my new job .. found out for the first 3 weeks i will be working full time ... then part time ... means big check for me lol ... went to the rec to shoot some hoops ... worked out my legs .. did some squats .. surprisingly squatting 315 wasnt to difficult .. guess i was in the moment lol ... saw the mechanic .. pretty good .. went to hooters ate some wings ... delicious !! Well night 
Im going to the jacuzee after work :) 
That was relaxing time to shoot some hoopz 
im addicted to this song right now lol 
Pursuit of Happiness/ kid cudie 
well that settles that oh well my fault ... sometimes my way of doing things isnt the best way 
I told her the truth lets see if she wants to kill me lol 
its official she hates me 
girls are very difficult next time im waiting for a girl to tak to me 
ya so i let my emotions get the best of me 
Night friends have to go to work at 3:30 AM uhhhhhhh FML !!! lol oh well finally got some income coming lol 
As the the world goes round so does my emotions , As the the sun goes down so does my devotions , And when I close my eyes my heart starts to pound as I think how love makes the world go round 
I hate the fact that I counteract my love with insecurity ... its to cruel to find a < PROPFIRST > and treat it with impurity ... Hold my hand as I stand and make the choice of realization ... I'll give you my heart so we will never part from my on proclomation 
Now/ eye dea & abilities ... best rap song ... 
imma have milk and cookies before i go to sleep .. night all 
sooooooooom hungry !!!!!! Frosted flakes anyone ? 
just found out im working from 4am to 1pm on wed , thurs , and friday ... which is good i guess ... no traffic on the way home lol 
pb & j sounds awsome !! but there is no milk in the house !!! > 8O 
I hate the fact that people think the speed limit lowers when it snows ... IT DOESN'T!!!! > 80 GO THE FLIPPIN SPEED LIMIT !!!! ARRRRRRRGGGHHHH !!!! 
FML night guys have to get up in 4 hrs for work > 8O 
Yessss one more day then its the weekend !!! 
I am blind by my own deception ... All I hear is corruption ... I feel no physical pain but the tears of my soul ... I whisper the strands of curiosity as I dream ... The shadow of expectancy is an over cast ... And all hope is lost in the eyes of prejudice ... I ... Am the underdog 
I wish I was in cali ... I should have never left :( 
I close my eyes and pretend to be with my friends and my family ... I embrace the fact that i cannot see the to thin line of reality ... Everyday i have to say how did my life end up this way ? The only true love is from above ... No prejudice no regretfulness no hate one fate ... Thats why i wish upon a < PROPFEMALE > 
I close my eyes and pretend to be with my friends and my family ... I embrace the fact that i cannot see the to thin line of reality ... Everyday i have to say how did my life end up this way ? The only true love is from above ... No prejudice no regretfulness no hate one fate ... Thats why i wish upon the stars to get rid of these scars of the sorrow of tomorrow 
DAMN !! Its snowing a fuck ton where im working at\ 
> 8O 
Hell ya 20% in evergreen > 8O ... 50% in < PROPMALE > 8D 
Ok my peeps .... what is one thing you think i should change about myself and why ? 
yeeeeahhh day off tomorrow and tuesday ... anyone want to hit the clubs ? 
I'm hella bored message me something you don't think i knew about you and i will reply the same 
I love her so much and i get to see her this weekend yay !! 
Just got home from work !!! \Looks at schedule .... 7amto11\ " FUUUUUUUUCK > 8O " 
party to night !! hitten the clubs !! finally havnt been in a long while lol 
well nobody wants to chat sooo night all 
day off today and tomorrow .. lets party !! 
off to bed ... cuz wants me to write a song for her for a talent show ... any suggestions ? 
I feel bleh 
You cant stop the future and you cant prevent the past .. but you CAN keep memories .. things change embrace it ... its life . 
One day I will smile without someone asking me to .. so stop asking 
uhhh I have to work at 4AM soooo guess im out for the night .. sweetdreams folks 
< PROPFEMALE > 
wrote a poem in my notes check it out everybody ! leave a comment too 
got some new kicks and a jacket pics will be up latrz so you can check it out 
The best advice of living your life is actually to LIVE your life 
DAMN !! I promised my bro that if he got a gf i would start trying ... but i'm to shy -- \ 
and i hate talking to girls they make me retarded -- * sigh what to do what to do .. O_O !... I know I will change my name and disappear XD .... O_O ! wait !? I have no where to go and to many people would miss me XO ... DAMN ! 
Cant work cuz im pissed 
FML im stuck in traffic > 8O i just want to go home !! @@ 
Lonely 
Ok cool did 100 push-ups in 2min now to work on my sit-ups 
