2010 lets get it started ......... 365 days of Laughs Smiles And None of your damn business !! 

Vegas stole my voice and hurt my feelings !!!! I'll get you next time VEGAS !! 
Wants to get crazy this weekend ..... TOTALLY INSANE !!! 
Round 2 @ the ala . co . fair . WHOA !! Here's my wallet now give me back my balls ! please ? 
Today is the day I lose my mind ..... and my pants !!!! Now Starts The Revolution !!! 
Promised my daughter we would go camping this summer but I don't know where . 
Has enough sense to not let her be right ALL THE TIME !!! 
When you start gettin extra nostalgic , is that sign you are getting OLD ? 
NOBODY PUTS BABY IN THE CORNER !!!! 
Him who goes to bed with itchy butt wakes up with stinky finger ! 
I am ready for football !!!! Thinkin about going to < PROPFIRST > for Thanksgiving to watch the Raider v Cowboys . Who is ready to cause a ruckus ! 
Freaky Friday !! Super freaky naughty ! 
What ain't no country I ever heard of . Do they speak English in What !?!? 
Is ready for some football !! 
Hot ! Too Hot !! 
Enjoying my only day off this week !! 
Alright If we are posting all pics from back in the day , I gots to get the albums out of storage !! 
Can I have one more month of summer ? 
I think its time to shave the head ! I want to startin rockin some hats . 
Its Showtime !! At the Apollo !!! 
It is goin down this weekend . CRAZINESS FRIENDS !!!! Look for me on the news in some way , shape , or form ! 
RRRAAAIIIDDDEEERRRSSS !!!! Just Win Baby !! 
Friday Nite !! Just Got Paid !! 
Beware !!! This is the week I am unveiling those pics from the our past !!! Yea < PROPMALE > ! 
Who take the sunshine and sprinkle it with dew ?? The Candyman !! 
I think i have made comcast wait long enough for there money . 
It can't be this difficult . I think its a simple procedure of you say something then I say something and we work on a compromised conclusion ... but noooo !!!! I'm exhausted ~ 
Its goin down tonite ....... maybe ! 
I need to lose 30 lbs by December and I am sooo lazy !!!! 
TGIF !! 
Wish you were a MONARCH !!!! 
ITS TOOO DAMN EARLY !! I hate the garbage man !! 
What ever happen to bag snatching !! Ahhh the good old days ..... < PROPFEMALE > , doorbell ditch , and kids crying !!!! ha ha ha J/K 
Gettin ready for a rough 5 days at work . THE CUSTOMER IS FULL OF ......... 
I never thought being myself would get me into so much trouble . I am The Man !! 
AM I MY BROTHER\S KEEPER ? YOU DAMN RIGHT ! " 
Is it friday yet ?? Damn you wednesday !!! 
And now it's time for a break down !!! Never gonna get it , never gonna get it , neeever gonna get it never gonna get it . NEVER GET IT !!! 
I WILL NOY|T WAIT TILL THE LAST MINUTE TO CHRISTMAS SHOP THIS YEAR 
Soooooo the countdown has begun ...... 25 shopping days left !! till my BIRTHDAY ! 
I miss Kwik Way !!! 
These people can't hold me down . I am about my business and business is good . 
If I pace myself till Thanksgiving , I can get at least 4 plates down no problem ! 
Alrighty y'all! Wish me luck . About to head out and see what these black friday sales are all about . Maybe I can make it on the news and get stabbed over and xbox or some jordans !!! 
Whew ! Thats how you shop for everyone on your list in just 12 hours and I still got 4 weeks till Christmas ! 
If I ruled the world , I'd free all my sons . Black Diamonds and Pearls !!..... and outlaw all bras ! 
Bring on the presents !! Birthday Countdown- 9 days and 70 mintes ..... beep . 
1 week to go and I am in training for a crazy birthday EXTRAVAGANZA !!!! ( strike up the marching band ) 
This next week is gonna drag , I know it . Another \CRAZY\ " birthday is definitely in the works ! ( evil laugh here ) " 
Ok I am still unsure where I am goin for my bday . Suggestions ? 
TTTTTWWWWWOOOOOO DAYS LEFT FRIENDS !!! Its gon get outta hand I hope !! 
Feels Good !! 
Thanks for the love y'all!!! 
There is no way this year could have gon by any faster !! Bring on 2010 !! 
What 4 words did < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > say every night before he took the stage ?? Pay Me My Money !!! 
Christmas is here and the goose is gettin fat . Please put a < PROPFEMALE > in the old man's hat . If haven't got a < PROPFEMALE > a half < PROPFEMALE > will do . If you haven't got a half < PROPFEMALE > God Bless You ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Y'all!! Keep it simple today everybody . 
2010 !! Bring it ! 
Startin The New Year's < PROPFEMALE > Celebration tonite ... Who's comin with me ? 
RRRRAAAAAIIIDDDEEERRRSSS !!!!!!! Bring ' em out Bring ' em out Bring ' em out Bring ' em out ! 
Get on the good foot ! 
Alright y'all its time to break open the pocketbooks . My daughter is selling Girl Scout cookies and I`m trying to get her in the record books !!! 4$ a box so everyone has to get at least 5 boxes . Thats only 20$ ... get at me !!! 
Please copy and paste this on your status if you know someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 93% of you are scared , wont post this and deserve a punch in the face 
I got cookies people !! 
Friday Nite ..... Just Got Paid !!! Check the Mirror . Lookin Fly . Call Up my Posse . Jump in my Ride ! Whoa !!! Bout to cause some serious ruckus !!! Watch out East Bay !!! 
I need a vacation ! A.S.A.P. 
Is it me or are some people just bitter ALL THE TIME !!! 
I've just about had it with this situation . Drama at every corner . I need to get outta here ASAP ! Somehow its always MY FAULT ?? BS ... I don't start these incidents but best believe I can finish it ! No Doubt !!! WooooSaaaaa WooooSaaaa !!! Deep Breath ! 
I gotta get away ..... ANYWHERE !!! ASAP ! 
Ahhhhh its time to turn the < PROPFEMALE > . It was a hell of an adventure and so many stories . I can't be mad . New Beginning is right around the corner . Bring It !!! 
This is HOW WE DO IT !!! 
It's just Me , Myself , and I ...... 
When I'm alone in my room sometimes I stare at the wall and from the back of my mind I hear my conscience call . Tellin me I need a girl who is as sweet as a dove and for the first time in my like I see I need love . LL was killin ' back in the day ..... 
I miss my car ! 
Is it football season yet ?? RRRRAAAAIIIDDDEEERRRSSS !!!! 
Why does it take so long to finish a game of Monopoly ! Lazy Saturday afternoon ...... 
So little to do and SOOO much time . 
When is it my turn ? 
This weekend anything goes !!! Bout to cause some trouble and make sure everything is everything . Nothing left to question . I think ..... 
After all these years I still can't find my way to SEASAME STREET ! Doh ! 
I must be backwards cause all this rain is actually makin me smile ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > you were lookin off the chain last nite and I'd appreciate you not steppin on my tongue as you walk across the stage !! 
Another day of watching the sunrise and set ! Gonna be a long one . I love my life ! 
31 years of wanting and wanting and wanting . WOOO ' nough to make ya head pop off . Pop Goes The Weasel ! Pop go da weasel and the weasel go POP ! 
I forgot what i was gonna say ! 
We're going streaking !!! Thru the quad to the gymnasium ! 
There is never sucha thing as TOO BIG !! 
Lets see who is paying attention .... every single one of you is on my friend list as the result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there . I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family !!! Lets see who in my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who really is ... I < PROPFEMALE > friendships :) 
Seriously tho ....... Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar ? 
Thank You Jesus ! 
Its my money and I want it NOW ! 
Tryin to teach this lil lady how to roller skate is hilarious for me !!! LOL But painful for her ! Poor thing 
Is it Friday yet ? 
Looking forward to a great weekend . Trouble here I come ! 
When are shoe stores goin to < PROPFEMALE > more than just 3 pairs of my size . 
It ain't no fun if the homies can't have none !!! True Story ! 
Why is it when you say anything in an english accent it makes you sound smarter ? Weird .... 
Seriously need to get away from the madness ! Is there a vacation on the horizon ? 
< PROPFEMALE > La Revolution !! 
Why would I want to do dishes !? 
Afternoon Delight !! 
Some people are just content with being unhappy . Not me baby ...... 
Sometimes I rhyme slow , sometimes I rhyme quick ... 
Players Holiday !!! Lovely day 
Fingers crossed . Hopefully there aren't any snags . 
All is good in my neck of the woods . 
When will then be now ?? SOON !!! 
Only when you have exhausted every possible option does the path become clear . True that ! 
I need to tryout for that show WIPEOUT ! 
Spending the day doing absolutely nothing ...... BOOOOOOOOOOOO 
What a crazy day . Spent 2 hours in the car and only traveled about 5 < PROPMALE > ... Thank you 580 !! 
thinks that wearing shorts and a hoodie in July makes no sense what so ever ! 
Why is trying to convince me that being an optimistic is giving me false hopes ??? Can't be negative its just not my nature . 
I need to become a < PROPFEMALE > because bein an xtra is just a waste of time and body heat !! 
Go up there and get some waffle fries and a Dr Pepper ..... FOR FREE !!! 
You shut your mouth when you're talkin to me ! 
Hey < PROPMALE > ! I'm ready for some football ! 
1st you < PROPFEMALE > to the side like your legs are broken . Shakin and twitchin kinda like i was smokin 
Cause I'm a Raider ! Oakland Raider ! wwwwhhhhhaaaatttttt !?!?!?!?! Raider Rider ! 
Its ridiculous how much of pride I am shoveling down . Hair loss is just around the corner . 
I will snap crackle and POP you in the piehole ! 
Show me the money 
When is it gonna be my turn ? 
Never can say goodbye to the weekend . 
I want my own slurpee machine ! 
I guess the new summer starts the last week of August now ! 
I'm so broke that if a dude tried to < PROPMALE > me he'd just be practicing ! 
If you can't handle it then bounce 
And you thought you could change me ? You better ask somebody ! 
My grandma gave me that chain !! 
believes in the power of prayer . Gotta keep on PUSHin ! 
Oooooo and then ? AAAANNNNDDD TTTHHHEEENNN !!! 
I know what I like and you know what I like but I want to know what you like . 
Here we go again 
When I'm alone in my room sometimes I stare at the wall and from the back pf my mind I her conscience call . Telling me I need a girl who's as sweet as a dove and for the first time in my life ....... 
Its gonna be a long week ! 
is here all week ! No , seriously , that was my schedule . 
has nothing but blessings in my life ! 
Don't push me cause I'm close to the edge ! I'm tryin not to lose my head ! Uh huh huh huh 
No seriously , WHEN is it gonna be my turn !? 
Thank you < PROPMALE > ! 
So what your sayin is I gotta < PROPMALE > !?!? 
It could ALWAYS be worse ! 
Must be something in the water cause I can't miss right now ! I'm all in !! 
Great googly moogly ! 
Only a man whose heart is pure can will the knife and if mine is such a heart I shall have it ! 
Monday is really not a fun day ! 
Even if it kills me I'm gon get there ! 
\She's your < PROPFEMALE > too beeeee !!! \"" 
A quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog . 
I'm down if you are ! 
So little to do and so much time 
JUST WIN BABY ! 
Raiders Y'all!!! What I say ! Thats right baby RAIDERS !!! 
Simply the best . That's me !! 
Its supposed to be difficult ! If it wasn't then everybody would do it ! 
Cool Beans 
I never thought I'd be cheerin for the Rangers but its time to let some other teams get a ring Yankees ! Does it end today in the ALCS !? 
Imma tell you what I see . I see pride ! I see power ! I see a bad ass mutha who don't take no crap off of no one !!!! 
Who am I ? Its not important , but they call me Brotha to the Night and I'm the blues in your left thigh ; tryin to be the funk in your right . Is that alright ? 
My name is Indigo Montoya ! You killed my father . Prepare to die ! 
I'll < PROPFEMALE > dat ! 
Got to get my mind right !! 
WHAT ain't no country I ever heard of !! They speak english in WHAT ? 
Its set !! Tahoe next weekend Nov 12-14 . Bout to set it off !! Well not like < PROPFIRST > , but its still goin down ! 
I'm a Raider , Oakland Raider\ 
From da bay to L.A. to Las Vegas\ 
' cause I'm a playa , a boss playa\ 
And if you wit me pop ya colla shake dem hatas\ 
I'm a Raider 
Thank you Jacoby ! 
I ain't no easy win . You walkin over but you limpin back ! 
Can it be Friday already cause I'm ready to turn this mutha out ! 
It's the f*cking California Wine Mixer ! 
I keep goin and goin but I'm not the pink < PROPFEMALE > . Instead of beatin on the drum I never stop gettin money ! 
If I had a dog that was as ugly as you , I'd shave its butt and teach it to walk backwards ! LOL I love it ! 
Spoon Street !! 
I ain't no Spooby !! 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid , and their handicap is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and loved . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leaveit as your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education ... Week ,... and this ... is in honor of ALL children who were made in a unique and loving way ( by the hand of God ) 
I'm so bad that if you're on the phone with God and I call , you better click over and see what I want ! 
And that's why its a shortcut . If it were easy then it would just be THE way 
You under estimate my sneakyness ! 
I want party with rooms full of laughter ! Ten Thousand tons of ice cream . And if I don't get the things that I'm after . I'm going to ............ SCREAM !! 
Alibaba and the 40 thieves ! 
A gun rack ? What am I gonna do with a gun rack ? I don't even own A gun , let alone many guns to necesitate an entire rack ! 
And for dessert ........ chilled monkey brains ! HA HA HA 
Who broke my window ? No seriously . Just be glad i wasn't able to catch you cause I'd crack your forehead to the white meat 
1st nite at the Lakeside ! Its feels like forever since I was paid to pour drinks . Gonna be a great nite ! 
So Fresh & So Clean 
12 days till all hell breaks loose !! Get your mind right and be ready to witness greatness ! MUUUUWAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! ( dr evil laugh , i think ? ) 
< PROPFEMALE > LA REVOLUCION ! 
There is no reason not to get outta hand ! 
If its gonna be like that then bounce . That's all I'm sayin . I can do bad all by my lonesome ! 
Shhhh Shhhhh . Ok OK Ok here goes the play . We fake left ! Wait , no , we fake right . No wait , we pretend to fake . We fake a fake . ......... I don't know where I am . 
Man Man Man !! Birthday week and I am ready to burn the MoFo Down ! LOL Ahhh let's just say \Gone Be CRazy\ " is quite the understatement ! " 
Your feet must be tired because you have been running through my mind all day ! 
All I know , is that the rain makes me extremely happy , my mom can probably kick your mom's ass and my birthday is in 4 days ! Oh and 60% of the time , it works everytime ! 
Ready to get wild ! 
55 hours of insane and uncalled for ruckus ! Damn I love being me ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ok I am takin it back to the old school cause Im an old who's so cool . If wanna get down Imma show you the way . 2701 Hooper Drive | San < PROPMALE > , CA 94583 If you are down then get at me . 
YES IT IS HERE !!! 12 short hours until the mayhem is underway ! The < PROPFEMALE > Skate today at 6 . Hit me up . Then tonite I am just gonna be living the DREAM ! 
Thanks for the Birthday shout outs y'all! My birthday was more fun than I could have imagined and I felt sincerely blessed and fortunate to have friends and family that keep me grounded and focused . 
You know that I that you know that you wanna hump me . So when I bend over ( snap snap ) start humpin ! 
No < PROPMALE > I'm bilingual , there's a difference . Pass the wire . Pass the wire . NO MORE LOCK DOORS ! Gracias . 
I'm a grown ass man and I am starting to feel like I'm 10 with Christmas 4 days away ! HEEHEEE HEEHEE ! 
The last 9 days are gonna take forever ! Bring on 2011 ! WOA !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! Much love ! 
I do what I want ! Its a glorious feeling ! 
and can I get a hot tub ? Happy New Year ! 
Its only a week into the new year and I'm starting to feel that urge ! I can do it ! Only 2 more weeks and its a done deal . 
I need to write a paper on a commercial . Whats a good commercial out right now that I can pick apart ? 
If I could turn back the hands of time , 
Please please ! If you NEED somebody to hate on , by all means HATE on me ! LOL 
If it's possible , I'd like to tear the roof this mutha ! 
Everybody says when they get a little money they wouldn't leave the hood . When I get some money best believe ...... I'M GONE ! 
Being on time is overrated ! Words to live by . 
Goodbye week ! Thank you for the stress and worry you brought me for five days . I appreciate the the parking ticket you allowed me to recieve half way through . And most of all I adore the hours of traffic you let me experience . But now your naughty cousin the Weekend is here and we are gonna make the next 2 days unforgetable . No alarm clock ! No morning traffic ! No holding back ! It's time to let it ALL < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
When does playtime begin in 2011 cause I need a break ! 
I have class in 2 hours ..... Let the learning begin ! Might need to take some no-doz for this one . 
Don't let this robe fool you ! Purple was the only color they had left . 
Usually I don't do this but * BLING * , y'all gon head and keep the party goin ! 
Hell yes I would do it all over again , and then some ! 
When you look back there is one phrase that set our entire future spiraling out of control . \I'll show you mine if you show me yours ! \"" 
You can get a good look at a T-bone by sticking your head up a bulls ass but wouldn't you rather just take the butchers word ? 
If I only had a brain ...... ( Don't say it either !!! ) 
Looking forward to a weekend full of finger foods ! 
Saturday morning class feels more like punishment then educational . 
Back to school Back to school . Got my lunch packed right . I got my shoes tied tight . I hope I don't get in a fight . Oh back to school . Like riding a bike ..... a really old bike . 
Ha Ha Ha ha Ha Ha ........ These are the times when it is awesome to be this black man here ! LOL . Cop pulls me over and asks why I am such a hurry . Told him I wanted to grab something to eat . He said what are you goin to eat and I said with a straight face , \Burritos and Slim Jims ! \ " He said burritos and slim jims eh ? Get out of Mr ' Welch and slow down . Yea the boy is a bad Mutha ... shut you mouth ! Can you dig it ! " 
My only regrets are the chances and opportunities I passes up . 
I NEED MONEY !! $$$ 
The single greatest way to get your waiter to hate you ? Ask for hot tea . For some reason , an industry that’s managed to streamline everything else hasn’t been able to streamline that . You've got to get a pot , boil the water , get the lemons , get the < PROPFEMALE > , bring a cup and spoon . It’s a lot of work for little reward . 
Why do insist on using all that extra energy to get upset . Make Love not War ! 
What is love ? What is this longing in our hearts for togetherness ? Is it not the sweetest flower ? Does not this flower of love have the fragrant aroma of fine , fine diamonds ? Does not the wind love the dirt ? Is not love not unlike the unlikely not it is unlikened to ? 
Are you with someone tonight ? Do not question your love . Take your lover by the hand . Release the power within yourself . Your heard me , release the power . Tame the wild cosmos with a whisper . Conquer heaven with one intimate caress . That's right don't be shy . Whip out everything you got and do it in the butt . By < PROPFIRST > Phelps 
Been sorting through the trash and found your chilldhood imagination !! Want it back ? 
What I have learned is there are many things in life I can control but the more at ease I am about the things I can't control then the less my hair will fall out ! Whew . 
Do you want a S'more ? Some more of what ? No No No No . A S'more! I haven't haad anything so how can I have some more of nothing ? Argh !! You're killin me Smalls !!! ( classic ) 
She might be my mate ! That would be so great ! Friday night at 8 ! Great Great Great Great Great ! 
Oh weekend please bring me some relaxing thoughts . I hope you provide some fun and laughs this time through . Its been a long week and I am exhausted . On the real though , I am ready for RECESS ! 
Its goin down tonite ! And then ....... Oooooo ANd THEN ! 
Would like to get out and do the damn thing ! If only I had a car . 
Feelin miserable . Bein sick is NOT the business ! 
Why must I < PROPMALE > the cat ? 
Seriously need some R&R ! If only there were a vacation in my future . Great Googly Moogly 
Not quite what I had in mind ! POOKIE WE GON ' BURN IT DOWN !! They can't catch all of us yo ! 
And can I get a hot tub ? 
I'll take the two piece special ..... lotsa hot sauce .... and all the fries you can give me 
Cakes and Pies ! Cakes and Pies ! 
I want party with rooms full of laughter . Ten thousand tons of ice cream . And If I don't get the things that I'm after , I'm going to ........ SCREAM ! 
Still not gonna do what you tell me ! 
Listen . I know you don't smoke , I know this . But it's Friday , you don't got no job and it ain't shit to do . Imma get you high today !! Bring ' em out Bring ' em out Bring ' em out ! 
Im not kidding ! I NEED A FRIGGIN VACATION YO ! 
Please tell me that there is a better way because I can't live like this 
i quit THIS job ! Is this really my life ? 
I don't know much about the sleeper hold but my anus was really sore the next morning . 
Its gonna go down tonite ! Watch me work ! 
Its official , I am Nucking Futs ! 
I am wide awake and bored . Bad combination for this black man ! 
I ain't no easy win , brotha . You walkin over but please believe , you gon be limpin back ! 
Today is a new beginning ! Mmmmm Ahhhhhh feels gooooood ! 
In my thoughts every 10 minutes . Absolutly amazing ! Thanks for the pic ! 
I would try to not be so kick ass but it comes so naturally ! 
I will not apologize for being myself . Damn man ! I mean seriously , would you respect me if I wasn't myself ? So why should I change ? I have compromised enough and my back is against the wall . Not sure what I am sayin but there it is , I said it ! 
Got to get my cool back ! 
New semester ! Yeah ! more homework ! Hatin it already . The damn text book has 1100 pages ! 
Beef Jerky Time ? 
I may not be a smart man but I know what love is ! and whatever this is , is giving me a headache . 
Opening Day Bitches ! LET'S GO OAKLAND !!! 
Tryin to get on the good foot and do the bad thing ! 
I've got an idea . Lets first pretend I give a damn and then you can tell me whats on your mind ! 
Check Please ! 
