How does one fucking work a fucking Face Book ? Why the fuck's it even called a Face Book ? 

Why ? Question and answer ! 
I still do not understand , do not com ply with this book of faces . 
Too much caffeine when every one else is asleep . Fucking bummer . 
Is nervous . Nervous as hell . 
Days like this make me not hate this holiday as much as usual . So , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , suckas ! 
I really wish I didn't have to go to work for one hour ( and a half ) out of my day off to listen to a moron rant about shit I could learn on my own in five minutes . 
Finally , a day off ! I think I'll spend it with a drink and my new television . 
There was no-thing left to do , so I spent thirty minutes pumping up the tires on < PROPFEMALE > with a near broken bike pump and rode to the store and picked up a six of Bohemia . It was liberating ! And some guys called me the leopard print OG . 
I want a car . 
Those turtles are fucking with me . 
Someone actually wrote something to-night . Or nothing . That certain someone will decipher one way or another when he or she is sober . Tomorrow . 
Why would I go to work , why ? Just have to deal with more drama in one day than all of the years of high school combined . 
Right now , I really hate the internet . . 
I want another spinach and feta wrap . Right .... now . Ish . 
I need respite . 
Apparently , I actually can get sick . Unhappy . 
Does any one notice , that all of these peaople are doing that goddamn first name urban dictionary thing , and not a single one has anything bad said about them ? I mean , really ; am I to believe that everyone who has the free time to do that shit is the coolest , sexiest , most fun , and best person to have around ? ' Cos frankly , that shit don't bite . 
Cough medicine makes me high . Happy day ! Makes me also want to steal < PROPFIRST>'s puppy with a quickness , and hate Starfucksyouover no less . 
Let's all drink to the death of a clown ! 
Yesterday , Birmingham . Wednsday , Tennessee . You've got to love a girl with good ideas . 
Don't try t ' dig what we all s-s-s-say 
We've been served a raw deal . We must deal . 
I let some one down . I'd almost forgotten the feeling of raw failure . 
There's nothing better than listening to < PROPFIRST > and drinking a beer mid-day , I've decided . 
A continuation ! : now it is drinking and Meloncholy & The Infinite Sadness . Good times , no better . 
I thought I was a radical , but apparently I'm just fanatical . Thanks for the fucking pick-me-up , < PROPMALE > . 
Give me a FUCKING BREAK . 
Gah ! 
So , all of the bars in Montgomery suck . However , the amount of Scotch that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > gives you for six dollars is ... unfathomable . 
I'm drunk , and missing my girl . But , I'm dismantling these phantom limbs whilst waiting for Taco < PROPFEMALE > , so I'm all right . Just can't wait for the sax solo . 
Watching Midnight Express , alone , in my spare time ... I've reached a new level of weird . 
< PROPMALE > is mean . 
I'm drinking by myself and listening to < PROPMALE > Smith , because of one bad day at work . I haven't done that since those worthless motherfuckers in St. < PROPFIRST > made me want to die . But , I'm not really feeling THAT bad . 
I'm really , really sick and tired of going home just to freeze my balls off some more . Ouch . 
I hate face book . I've been avoiding it ' cos I'm too much of a sissy to click one part of my life away . 
Today WILL be a much better day for those involved . 
Beer . 
Switching over to Windows 7 is a bitch when you have this much on Itunes . Well , at least I have JW and hours on my Ipod . As well as all four Lethal Weapon movies . 
Lots and lots of wine . I only wish it was Malbec instead of Shiraz . 
It will be mine . Oh yes , it will be mine . 1985 Chevy Celebrity . 
Fuck all of this . 
I'm never pleased . I can't say that in < PROPFIRST > Gourley's voice . That displeases me . 
No alcohol to-day . I mean it this time . 
I win , motherfuckers ! 
I'm so sick and fucking tired of not having a car . Can't go out and do anything . 
Get me out of this fucking place . Please . 
I have it ! Just a day's worth of fuel pump work , and I'll be set to go to Florida . 
Martytrdom has its limits , but I am happy to reach them . Just , when will it be OKAY for me ? ' Cos so far , shit remains shit . 
Now the starter doesn't work . Two windows won't go down . I had to borrow a fucking battery , for fuck's sake . It's like coincidence is trying to keep me from going to St. < PROPFIRST > . 
O , victory ! 
Well , TVC 15 is dead below Dothan . Hopefully it has been saved by now ... but Florida is fun ! I never get hangovers , and now I've had two in a row . 
My friends are married . Crazy . I don't want to go back . Fret not , I will . 
Why am I doing this , again ? 
Thankyou fr the good times and massive quantities of booze in St. a , every one . It was much enjoyed , and I'll be back as soon as humanly possible . 
So ... any one want to give me a ride home from work to-day at six ? I thought I was going to be done with this ... 
Gah ! Humidity , I detest you . 
Starbucks liqueur is too sweet . Though I am thankful to those who let me have some . Sad state of affairs when you can not afford to support your own light alcohol problems . 
Making mix-tapes ( compact discs ) is such a trial . Though , I'm happy to do it . Wouldn't be able to sleep for an hour , any how . 
' Nobody wants to get drunk and get loud , everybody just wants to go back home . ' 
I like hugs . And Sparklehorse . 
The thing I love about having sushi for dinner is that you always feel amazing the next day . 
You were a child crawling from yr knees from it . 
Some of us drank way too much last night . Some of us are really < PROPMALE > over right now . Ow . 
I'm never , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever , ever going to work again . 
I am . So fucking bored . I am almost obliged to say that I hate days off . Counfound no-car situations ! 
So , if I already have a head ache , is that normal ? I never used to be hungover . What a shit day . 
Why , oh , why can't I seem to ever sleep in the mornings any more ? I get no enjoyment being up at six o ' clock AM . 
Since my boss is pretty much fucking me in the ass with shitty shifts , can't he just give me a Saturday off ? Like , tomorrow ? 
I'm going to regret this , and I am VERY loathe to admit , but ... I think I need a haircut . Who knows how to cut hair ? 
Getting drunk and listening to I Am Not Afraid Of You and I Will Beat Your Ass is very , very , very fun . O , Hoboken ! 
Nothing is doing when there's nothing to do . So , I think I'm going to watch all three Godfather movies . 
The last time I heard about everyone having an island party , I was in Brooklyn . This time , I'm in Alabama . I'm going to make it to the next one if I have to hitch-hike . 
All right . At least six more months of immense debt , no car , and a complete lack of intelectual stimulation . Then , MAYBE , I'll move back home . If any one besides < PROPMALE > cares . No offense , < PROPMALE > my . 
!? 
There's a distinct possibility that this may become a long and painful next few weeks . But , it's all for the best . I'd imagine . Right ? 
My Alabama friends are amazing . ' Nuff said . 
I feel really betrayed . I don't like that . 
Oh , hey ! Apparently , a six-pack of pseudo-tallboy PBR gets you drunk ! Ugh , I'm such a lightweight . Featherweight , even . 
All of my friends are gone . All I can possibly afford is a six dollar pint of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Sad life , the one i lead . 
Why does every one in St. < PROPFIRST > seem to think it's so easy to just pick up yourself and everything you own , walk it down to Florida , conjure a place to live out of nothing , find a job , and live like a god damn teenager ? Stop fucking telling me to move back . I had my < PROPMALE > , it's not going to happen . 
I woke up really early , moved a fuckton of furniture , then went to work . I'm exhausted . So , then , why am I still awake ? I'm not actually doing anything . 
Drunken absolution . I am one hundred percent redeemed . As such , may the future burn alight . 
Work all day , keep your rhythm through the night . \ 
\ 
Oh , and House is addictive . 
I win . The government has what they need . All I have to do is give Shoe five hundred dollars and rid myself of the useless hunk of rusted metal that destroyed my finances , and then I'll have a clean slate . 
I really miss those days when I felt like I had a reason to wake up in the morning . 
So . On my way to work there's this huge storm , right ? It's raining to the no-visibility-point all of the way until a mile from work . The clouds are heading straight for the store . The second they get there , they disperse . What the fuck . 
Show of hands if you like to fuck things up . 
To-day is going to be ... interesting . 
The riceboy sleeps ... 
I wrote . 
Evidently , it is not currently possible to adjust the truss < PROPMALE > in my guitar . Why ? Because there is no truss nut . Drum set , I fucking miss you . 
I wish I never started smoking ... 
I need some whiskey and some headphones that work . Stat . 
I have decided at the last minute that it is officially Malt Liquor Day . For me . Walkin ' shoes , here I come . 
Mm ... cheap cab . 
If only I was lying in a bar with my drip feed on ... 
Mm ... cheap merlot . Wait . What !? I am NOT drinking any fucking merlot ! Thankyou , < PROPFIRST > . 
Great , I'm stuck at this horrible place for two hours . All because my current shift is a stuck-up bitch . 
From noir to cab , all levels of wino(-ism ) are to-night to be experienced . Blood Brothers assist in ways < PROPFEMALE > known to me previous . Damn , I miss those crazy fuckers . Thank < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > that I've the day off to-morrow . 
Drunk .... by myself , as usual . However , this time I lost a contact lens . And , I folded my whites in the meantime . Fresh . 
RAGE . Soon , I shall be quit of this madness . 
Well . It's about fucking time . All I have to do is survive ' til it's time . 
Don't you love it when you can not save your hometown on facebook , ' cos the damn thing doesn't recognise Rhinebeck as a place ? 
O ! thank the Lord for High Plains Drifter . The next two weeks do not exi(s)t . 
Does anyone ever get angry at how plane tickets can skyrocket from $139 to $280 in just a couple of days ? \ 
Yes , that's right . Looks like I'm taking a Greyhound all of the way to New York . Fuck . 
To-night , it is Hennessy and Astronautalis . Haven't listened to him in ages . Throwback . \ 
Oh , and\ 
ugh . Hennessy , really ? At least it's VERY SPECIAL cognac . 
DRUNK . ThIS TIME , I DO SweaR . REALLY . I KNOW you all know . 
Flight to New York at 11:38 am on August 24th . Then , it is adios to Alafuckingbama . 
How did I show up at a place brimming with yuppies , have a glass of Scotch and ten beers , and converse with law school students for the better part of a night ? \ 
Luck . 
I absolutely love those reminders that I am NOT the biggest fuck-up that I know . \ 
Ah . La famiglia ! 
Day off = beer and super nintendo . \ 
Also known as : happiness . 
Raise yr glass to the arrival of old friends and the departure of me . 
I do so wish I could get trashed in the middle of a river somewhere in a state that I know nothing about . \ 
Oh , wait . I did . \ 
Wish it didn't have to end ... thankyou to all of those involved . 
Thanks for the memories ... \ 
God , I hate that song . \ 
But , seriously . Fond farewell to the Alabama kids . 
To all New Yorkers , I apologise : you just got a fistful of drunk Eamon . 
Fury . ' Nuff said . 
I've never been so happy . I have my AtD-i collection back ! It is a wondrous day/night . 
Tomorrow , it's off to my actual hometown . I went there once in twenty years , and only for about an hour . \ 
Awkward . 
Yay . I get to go kayaking again . It just won't be the same , though . \ 
Also , it's twenty degrees colder than two weeks ago . Shit . 
Can you dig it ? I can dig it . \ 
As such , it shall be dug . \ 
Oh . Hangover . 
Y ' been had . Hoodwinked . Bamboozled . \ 
I'm sure you get it by now . 
My phone will work again one of these days . \ 
I promise . 
Stuck at my father's house for the day . Well , at least I finally get to take a shower . \ 
Which is a good thing for all humankind . 
Wow . Band practice . Crazy . 
Don't you love it when the bank tells you that you have thirtysomething dollars , and then you check your account online and it says you have six ? \ 
Proper fucked , I am . 
Well . Start work to-morrow at 9:30 am . Wish me luck . 
You know , it isn't always a good idea to chug vodka and red bull when you're so tired you are about to pass out . 
I love me some Manatee . Mm ... tasty ... 
Band practice , again . Evidently , I'm good at harmonica . \ 
A little . 
I think the party I went to last night might have crushed my will to live . \ 
It was that bad . 
Going downtown to wander aimlessly . \ 
Again . \ 
Ring me up if anybody's getting into things to-night . 
Back to the grind . 
To all of those expecting to see me at Rendesvous to-night :\ 
I shall not be present . I'm sure you'll all live . 
So , evidently the answer to the battlefield of love is to adopt a dog . \ 
But , naw ; seriously . Alfie is an amazing movie . Like High Fidelity from the sixties , and on douche bag pills . 
All right . Slept for eleven hours and woke up to fix my bike . \ 
A healthy bicycle is a happy bicycle . \ 
Now , to find somebody to < PROPFEMALE > me a lock so I can ride it to < PROPFEMALE > Fest . 
Let every one know that it's a damn shame when one has no internet . \ 
' Nuff said . 
To all who wished me a happy birthday a week ago ... all thirty-five of you , I say this :\ 
THANKYOU . \ 
I only wish some random decent soul had bought me the internet for my birthday . Yes , the entire internet . 
Anything but Saturday ... 
Who throws a mug ? Honestly . 
So . Both Tron and True Grit are all right movies . \ 
By all right , of course , I mean fucking awesome . 
I ... miss my Alabama friends . Significantly . May they all be doing well . 
Ugh . 
A lot of people are going to be angry with me to-day . \ 
Thems the bends , I guess . 
Mixing gin , whiskey , and Harp with late nights is always a good idea . Waking up for the following day is not . 
Ah , a glass of Jameson and some green tea with < PROPFEMALE > in it is a beautiful way to start the day . 
Tax returns came in ! \ 
Good thing , ' cos I have somehow managed to go out and live like a mad man every fucking night this week . 
Oh , and < PROPMALE > of Limbs , motherfuckers ! Check radiohead.com for the good deal , if any one has not yet . 
Still no sleep . I fucking hate children . 
How one can do something , regardless of the feelings of others , is beyond me . May they all fucking choke . 
Ah , whisky drunk and malediction ! How entertaining . 
Oh , life is grand . Well , kind of . A little . 
Beach ! Finally . 
When I die , won't you bury me in my high-top Stetson hat ? 
I woke up with a small gash on my shoulder and a couple of random cuts on my arm . I was completely sober when I got home in the early morning , and I still could not tell you how the fuck that happened . Am I sleepwalk knife-fighting ? 
These motherfuckers better stop deciding that they want fish and chips right before we are about to close the kitchen . On a slow day . 
All right ! Two jobs now . Goodbye free time , hello capital . 
Here's to whisky and weakness . Cheers . 
Hell of a day . I love it . 
Someone , just .... All right , seriously . You can have my job for one day . Any one . Please . 
I had a dream last night that i was at Rendezvous . it was completely empty . Not even Amadeus , < PROPMALE > , or < PROPMALE > were there to tend bar . I woke up in a sweat . \ 
Ha ! 
I would sacrifice the left arm of every one I know for an Ibuprofen delivery service right now . No offense , guys . 
I actually fell asleep as early as 12:30 last night . Almost eight full hours of sleep . Go me . 
Why am I going out to-night ? I am about to die . 
