happy thanksgiving everyone ! and in the name of shameless self promotion myspace.com/davids_virtual_wall read my blog ! 18+ though ( sorry kids ) 

texas senators and representatives keep complaining about the cost of healthcare reform ... yet the CBO reports ( from the ACTUAL site ) keep talking about a lowered deficit ... 
Happy New Year , nerds ! 
okay ... just because it's 20 degrees outside does not mean it it should be 80 in here and the dog should curl up with me ... 
Heading back to Arlington in two days . Be afraid . Be very afraid . 
I'm convinced that < PROPFIRST > Beck fans are hardcore masochists ... I couldn't even take a full hour of that stuff ! Hats off to their tolerance levels ! 
< PROPFIRST > has been found ! You can all unstamp your pages now lol 
An online episode of Family Guy , a cold can of ravioli , and a pile of clothes in the closet ... Home sweet home 
I've got a date with a hooooottiiiieeee ! Wish me luck , wish me luck ! 
Nothing quite gets you out of that insomnious rut of lethargy like Rage Against the Machine ! 
Rush Limbaugh is an insufferable douche .... 
I'm convinced that cynicism and apathy for the human condition are signs of ignorance and weakness .... 
Looks like tomorrow is the day for filling out my ride along paper work in Oak < PROPMALE > . Considering it's reputation , this should be a fun one :) Let's just hope it doesn't have a dress code ... 
The eternal mystery of life : Why , when I'm completely available , it's almost impossible to land an attractive woman , but when I'm tying myself up with one , it rains them ? Oh mysteries of the universe , how I hate you ! 
New blog is up for those that want to check it out . Fair warning , while humorous , the Big Man might smite you for reading . As always , I appreciate the dedication though ! http://davidsrandompostings.blogspot.com/ and http://www.myspace.com/davids_virtual_wall for those that are interested ! 
meh ...... fuck it .... 
Seriously ? Man this guy needs to rely on the teleprompter a little more . Go figure the same state where a man fornicated with a horse and the Governor fled the country would have an Lt . Governor to say something like this ! http://www.thestate.com/local/story/1125111.html 
thank god for plasma donations ... probably the only thing keeping me from running in the red right now ... 
Freeze , baby ! Freeze ! Daddy hasn't done any homework and needs an extended weekend to catch up !! 
Pardon me while I burst .... 
I need a woman that has a mouth on her and will beat me on occasion . * sigh * 
I'm so bored .... need something to do ... 
Obama must be tired , because he was kicking ass all through that q&a lol . Great stuff ! 
Definitely don't want to study ! 
Some days you don't give a shit . Some days you happily don't give a shit . Those are the good days . 
I finally went to the assassination museum yesterday and was able to personally debunk the myth that Oswald couldn't hit Kennedy from the sniper's nest . Clearly < PROPMALE > Hicks had a selective memory :) 
has not had a pair of pants on , all day long . this is awesome ! 
Saints win superbowl ! Woot ! 
Lost my phone . So if you're trying to reach me you'll have to do so via the web . Not sure when I can get it replaced . 
Finally found my phone again ! 
God I love the crazy snow we've had . Someone beat me to the snowman hood ornament though , so I punched it in the face !! Okay kidding , those sad raisin eyes wouldn't let me . But I wanted too !! 
Ah < PROPFIRST>'s Day . Love , romance , and an unofficial war against diabetics ! I heart this holiday !! 
I really , really , really , need to stop putting off studying until the last two nights before exams . * sigh * 
I hate people that go on and on about how badass or intelligent they are . Go to hell , nobody's buying it . 
I lost almost 200ml's of blood today . Now if I could just get a cool scar to go along with it . 
Democratic primary voting ends soon , and hopefully the fall of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > will occur later this year :) 
Woot ! New Itunes mixes for the trip to west Texas ! Just need one that's insanely heavy , now . You know , something that would make you charge an eighteen wheeler on foot and bite a hole in it's headlight . 
Heeeey ! $500 Dollars just landed in my lap .... Heeeey ! It's going to HSBC .... :( 
hahahahaHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAH !!!!..... Cornflakes . 
I love old school SlipKnot ... you know , the heavy music before it just sounded like a muffled bag of screaming cats ? Oh , and with actual rhythm and bass to guitars ? Yeah , that shit ! 
I'm so going to hell , but God help me if the trip isn't a blast ! I mean , really , this is just too much fun . 
God ... I love realizing I have a test .... at 1am on the morning OF the test . Thank God it's not algebra ! 
Tons of love for < PROPFEMALE > McMillen . Keep that middle finger up . Those guys can all go to hell . 
< PROPFIRST > Beck interview with < PROPFIRST > Massa : Best interview , EVER ! :) 
Windows 7 is pretty cool ! 
Job interview time ! Wish me luck ! 
It's all there !! Look at the words conservative libretarian !! CON : because that's what they're doing ! SERVE : because they want you to be there slave ! LI : they've beeing lying all along !! ARIAN : I know , you're asking yourself why the y isn't there . It's because they don't want you to ask those questions !! lmao .... I love Jon ... I really do ! 
Algebra , tasty chicken , and hanging out with homless people who weild box cutters . Yep , typical Sunday ! 
I love the attitudes of some of these people . Killing thousands for a meaningless war was our patriotic duty , but anything involving healthcare : the holocaust 
Man , lots of bad stuff happened in and around Carthage lately . Please keep those families in your thoughts . You know , it just goes to show you that the next time you're bitching about your bad day , you better take a minute to count your blessings too . Because the truth is , it could always be worse . 
To those wonderfully clever facebook pages : I hate you , I'm not your fan , I hope the < PROPFEMALE > virus eats your soul . That is all . 
From me to chainmail : Not forwarding you . No , I don't care that < PROPFEMALE > is going to tell me she loves me @ 12 AM . I don't like < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > can go love some other guy , get dumped , and develop an eating disorder all on her own ! And NO ! My mommy doesn't die to imaginary people . Shoo ! Silly chainmail ! Shoo ! This message has been brought to you by the Are you Seriously This Retarded ? Foundation . 
Guys ! Guys ! Get this : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is gay ! He said so on his website ! I NEVER saw this coming , like 10 years ago !! 
Coffins on lawns , cut gas lines , and death threats over healthcare . Good to see everyone is being mature about this . Really . 
Dear God : send me a woman with a shred of maturity , an I.Q. above 99 , a vocabulary that consists of real words , who's life isn't a dance club , with a sense of humor , that doesn't need 5 self esteem building pep talks a day , and is somewhat attractive . I know I'm being unreasonable here , but if you could kindly give into my demands this once , I'll forcefully baptize three unsuspecting strangers in your name . Amen . 
WOOT ! I get to see my new pup Sputnik tomorrow ! He comes to live with me after my trip to Palo Duro Canyon ! 
Hahaha ! I just told my Dad I was bisexual , this should be hilarious ! I'm not , but I love pushing a bigot's buttons . Honestly , if I could sontaneously become a spanish speaking mexican for a time as well , I'd totally do it . I'd come visit him with a shirt on that says \It's raining men\ " on the front and \ " I voted for Obama\ " on the back of it . All in time for Easter ! Oh yes ! " 
Here we go again : We're out of our medicine , out of our minds , and we want in yours . LET US IN ! 
Lmao there really are people freaking out about the census . Does anyone realize this has been going on since our country's founding ? 
is tring to come up with a name for this pup . I know I was going with Sputnik , but that was for if I got a pug ... this dog isn't a Sputnik really ... hhmmm ... 
I have a new attack dog , fear me ! 
I think I'll call him \Krypke\ " ( Crip-key ) . " 
Pfft ! Paloma thinks her cat can kick my dog's ass ? My dog will bite that cat's face off and make it look like < PROPMALE > Cage in a horrendously over the top 90's movie ! 
Here's the REAL Easter : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iFfXXuyi2FQ 
Okay , I need to find the mute button on this thing ... where is it ... I know facebook has one ... 
I found it ! I found it ! I found the mute button ! So much better :) 
Back from Palo Duro Canyon . Now to cram for a test that's set for tomorrow morning 
Got the pics of my classmate's \epic\ " trek up the canyon . The last guy that tried this fell ten feet and had to be hauled out . Punk ! " 
Just posted my new cell number on my info as well as sent everyone in my address book a text . If I missed anyone , chances are it was by accident . Hell , I even sent < PROPFIRST > a text , so it's not like I'm easy to irritate or anything . Enjoy ! 
Hey guys , good news : the Civil War is no longer about slavery ! We can all feel better about the confederacy since they no longer consider slavery to be a big issue ! It's true ! All the southern states said so ! After all , if you can't build a time machine and fix things , there's always denial ! We should have tried this YEARS ago !! 
I decided to name him Drizzt . Yes , it's a weird name , but my dog is something odd himself ! 
God I'm indecisive . Let's put this to a vote : Drizzt ( pronounced drist ) , Cooper ( or Mr. Copper cause he looks like he's sporting a tux ) , Fitz , Chaxx , or Krypke ( pronounced crip-key and kryp for short ) . I just figure I'll go by popular consensus because it's taking me forever to stay satisfied with a name . 
Mmmkay . Cooper it is ! It's the only name I've liked for 24 hours . lol 
I think my father's side of the family is fulfilling the final act of imploding on itself . It's kind of sad , but fitting at the same time . Maybe the Bouchard lineage can become a bit more than a mass of dysfunctional , self absorbed , bigoted alcoholics . 
\Are you criticizing < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ? Are you criticizing < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ? Don't touch me ! \ " God I love Colbert ! " 
So , now that Obama is running the war that Bush started ... Fox decides to applyimplement a tex calculator to show us how much this costs . Nice to see people aren't being ungodly partisan and hypocritical :) Nice to see . 
Aaahhh youtube :) 
Brown people in Arizona have a new reason to be harassed . Apparently illegals have a certain \look\ " to them that tells police offcers they are illegal . Kind of like the law makers who wrote this < PROPMALE > have a certain \ " look\ " to them that tells reasonable people they are douchebags . " 
Had to cash in on the refund for Edgefest tickets . Oh well though . The only band I was excited about was the Deftones , and I was promptly leaving as soon as Limp Bizkit got on stage . < PROPFIRST > Durst is a douche . 
Woot ! Registered all through summer for classes at TCC . Finally moving my ass to UTA ! 
Guys ! The healtcare problem has been solved by former < PROPFEMALE > state senator < PROPFEMALE > Lowden . Instead of confusing mandates , we can barter with our doctors instead . For instance , you could use a chicken . I'mglad to say we're thinking outside the box . However , I'm sad to say that I didn't have to make this up first . 
Wow . < PROPMALE > Blackwell is ..... something ... 
I love the song \The Freshmen\ " . Such a classic ! " 
God I'm bored ... 
Do you ever look at your friends list and ask yourself \Who is that ? \"" 
In the news today : What's in the healthcare < PROPMALE > ? Not a clue . Who's really responsible for the oil spill ? Can't say . What should the NYC bomber have done if he really wanted to wreck some havoc ? Stay tuned as we present our indepth report on the material you could have used , the place it could have been , and our proposed blast radius ! We'll be right back ! ( I love the Daily Show ! ) 
Okaaaaay ! If she seems crazy , irrational , and stupid , she probably is !! Good lesson !! 
My pup is the shit ! Which , coincidently , is also what he left on the floor . Such a good doggie ! Yes he is ! .... and now I have to go clean that up .... 
No guys , as much as it pains me to say it , the National Day of Prayer was never facing the threat of cancellation . You can relax now . http://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/presidential-proclamation-national-day-prayer-0 
You know , as I watch a segment over illegal immigration laws that somehow manages to incorporate two hot women making out with each other , I'm reminded of the greatness that is the Daily Show ! 
Glad to see the attention grabbing headline of the Fox News < PROPFEMALE > is a picture of rioting Greeks with the phrase \Could the U.S. be next ? \ " . As if assualt rifle packing town hall protesters weren't enough . " 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there . Yeah , I know I'm early , but I might not remember on Sunday , so I'm getting it out the way now :P 
Nothing says happy Mother's Day like texting someone whom you haven't talked to in ages .... and screwing with their head :) 
Have you ever noticed that the people who label every aspect of themseleves as a sex object are the same people you never wanted to picture having it ? You know , save models , actresses , and porn stars . Other than that though ... WOW . 
Last evening of studying for most of my finals . After Wednesday , my professors can kiss my ASS !! You know , until the summermester where I get a new batch ... but STILL ! 
Woot ! A's and B's so far , now to bring it home with Philosophy ! Looking for an even split in the two letters here . 
Ha !! I just shot Tolstoy's philosophy full of holes , and that guy wrote War and Peace !!! 
One point off from acing my Philosophy final ! Either way , I'll be wrapping up my associate's this year . It's taken me long enough , but better late than never . 
I should be in Carthage-ish for the weekend and afterwards .... ish .... for anyone that cares . Anywho , hit me up if you wanna kick it . 
In Carthage and chillin ' . Hit me up if you're bored . 
People who ask me fifty questions and wonder why I'm not happy five minutes after I wake up annoy me . 
God ... I need summer school to start ... This down time is so boring ... 
You know , I'm fairly happy . Things are looking good ; for the moment at least . Either way , if a moment makes you happy , why waste it by worrying about the next one ? 
From me to Carthage : I'm out , bitch !! 
On only three hours of sleep I woke up singing the Rush Hour version of the song \War\ " . very loudly at my dog and doing kung-fu moves . It's gonna be a good day . I'm like < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in this bitch ! " 
No , I'm not going to see the upside to < PROPFEMALE>'s Got Talent . I cannot pretend to care ... why must people bother me with such things ? I don't like the taste of a gun in my mouth . Thanks . 
Thanks to the Daily Show , we have the actual recorded conversation between Korean leaders that resulted in the potential crisis that entertains us now : Noth Korean leader : \C-5\ " . South Korean leader : \ " Hit ! You sunk my battle ship ! \"" 
The critics that said Seven Pounds sucked can swallow a knife . I've seen it three times and it's still a great film with an awesome soundtrack . Just found the one song by Muse on there . Priceless ! 
First day of working out and I nearly hurled ! Gotta get some stamina back ! 
You know , when you talk like dis wit all da kool mizspellins n stuf , I really just want to start yanking your I.Q. points from you . It just makes me think your test was graded on a generous curve . 
Wow ! Thanks for the numerous birthday posts ! Appreciate it ! 
I'm convinced that BP's PR is made up of delusional morons of the highest quality . It's astounding sometimes ... 
Wow ! I'm debating with people so liberal that I'm actually defending Republicans for once ! All you sinners , pack some warm clothing for the afterlife , hell has offically frozen over ! 
If you cite Wikipedia in an argument , debate , or a paper .... kill yourself . 
I am not PINK dammit ! I'm WHITE ! I imitate a florescent light bulb for Christ's sake ! 
Okay , South < PROPFEMALE > just confirmed it by a 60% majority : there are hordes of common people at the ballot boxes ..... who should NEVER be allowed to vote . Sadly , they're voting democrat this time . 
I find it disturbing how quickly fanaticism spreads ... from the religious to the atheist , the right to the left ... all rail against each other for the same common goal : absurdity . 
Reading is truly a lost < PROPMALE > .... 
When looking back and feeling overwhelmed by repeated failures in life , keep in mind that even great American heroes such as < PROPFIRST > Washington had a losing record . What made the difference between mediocrity and greatness , was that Washington never stopped trying . 
You know , I think we need a new federal law : If anyone compares ANYTHING going on in this country to Nazi Germany , short of ACTUAL concentration camps and systematic MASS MURDER , they get punched in the crotch . No warnings , no second chances . 
They can debate and argue their differences to their heart's content . Bands of unthinking , raving conservatives and bands of unthinking , raving liberals still stand under the same banner of idiocy and as such deserve to be choked by it ; when their idiocy can no longer be heard , the rest will be all the better for it . 
There is nothing worse than the procrastination of homework that you must inevitably do while you're trapped inside your apartment because you're too broke to afford gas ..... ahhh being poor ... 
Did anyone else think that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > was black ? Whoever did , please tell me why . I've always thought he was black ( as a lot of people apparently ) , but this simply isn't so . Any thoughts ? 
Arguing with an extreme conservative is always entertaining ... arguing with an extreme liberal is just hilarious ! 
Lol Colbert was asking the Mayor of San < PROPFIRST > for his I.D. Classic ! 
You know , if Republican politicians want to ban all homosexual acts and the lifestyle entirely , then they might want to stop getting caught with male prostitutes or spending money at lesbian strip clubs , first . I mean , that's just MY thoughts on the matter 
Ha ! Just brushed my dog's teeth ! He needed it ! 
Why is it that everytime a group of people find song lyrics they can't quite decipher , one guy always thinks it's about heroin ? Why does that guy then say that about every single song he doesn't immediately understand ? More importanly , when is he going to overdose ? I'm a little annoyed by this ... 
Jury Duty scam involving scammers who call you and pretend to be jury duty coordinators and ask for your social has hit people in eleven states . Please read : http://www.fbi.gov/page2/june06/jury_scams060206.htm 
The \need\ " to terminate the middle man is a lie ! He resigned in protest ! " 
You know , when I study for hours , I get the old nicotine cravings that drive me nuts ... If I could smoke , I so would ! 
Ha ! Obama has ten millon facebook fans . 
< PROPFIRST > Steele has to be a closet liberal ... Come out < PROPFIRST > ! We'll accept you for who you are ! You don't have to pretend anymore ! 
LMAO Unemployed white guys can be \rented\ " in < PROPFEMALE > provided you do not speak Chineese and pretend that you just got off the plane yesterday " 
You know , you can actually see similarities between Arizona's new immigration law and the Fugitive Slave Laws of the 1850 . Obviously the FSL deal with a more grim topic , and in worse ways . However it's interesting to note that both have no criteria for determining who should be persued , and both give government more incentive to find persons in question guilty than innocent . Glad to see we learn as time goes on ... 
Yes ! Conservative Christians beware : Muslims are taking over !!!! 
Oh crock pot meals , how I love you ! The four hours of waiting was totally worth it ! 
Nothing like a good friend , a delicious meal , and a traveling hooker who carriers an eightball for self defense and is sitting on your front steps ... talking to herself . You just don't have those kind of nights in the quiet little towns , do you ? 
Two hours of gym time ! Woot ! 
I'm not a violent man , but lately there are a couple of people that make me want to bash their face in with a brick . While that seems like a bit much , the upside is that it's therapeutic for me . Because once that's done , I truly learn to appreciate them just the way they are . It's all about finding that path to acceptance , really . 
So , I think I had someone try set me up today . Always a fan of the guy who talks too much while trying that . That and my own paranoia that kicked in just in time . 
Filibuster be damned , unemployment benefits are about to be extended ! Suck it , naysayers ! Now if < PROPFIRST > Beck can just hurry up and go blind so he can't read his teleprompter , that would be great ! 
Idiot : Someone who cheers along with criticism of Obama doing everything from a teleprompter , which comes from a guy on T.V. who does everything from a teleprompter . 
My dog has the most horrible gas .... Seriously ... 
This is ridiculous ! NEVER , EVER start a House binge when you can't sleep ! CAN'T ... STOP !! 
Cooper lost hist testies yesterday and is wearing a cone around his neck . Welcome to the wonderful world of painkillers , little < PROPMALE > ! 
Cooper lost his testes yesterday and is wearing a cone around his neck . Welcome to the wonderful world of painkillers , little < PROPMALE > ! 
A gay federal judge struck down Proposition 8 . Could he be biased ? But , first : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > says he supports the 13th , 14th , and 15th amendments . Is his judgment objective , or is he just playing favorites ? 
For all those that were wondering : NO ! NO ! Country music is NOT a real genre ! I don't care who you name or how many of you like it , it's NOT real music . Much the same way that tons of people love < PROPFIRST > Springer , but that doesn't make it a good show . It doesn't! That's called an under developed sense of taste . Probably why the same people that like both think Keystone is good beer ! The stuff tastes like piss ! 
Oh no!!They're building a mosque at ground zero ! The nerve of these people !! Oh , what's that ? It's actually a couple of blocks away from ground zero ? Oh , you'e saying it's not even a mosque , but a community center ... and there's a mosque four blocks from Ground Zero that predates the World Trade Center ? Oh ... why didn't you say so earlier .. I feel foolish .... 
I love taking full advantage of the fact that there are no A+s or B-s at community college . So I can barely make the letter grade , and get the same GPA as someone who was two points shy of the next one :) Slacking never felt so good . 
I hate people that will preach the word of God and praise Jesus all day long , but know nothing about either . Sorry , but if you're claiming any sort of faith , belief , whatever , and don't take the time to educate yoursef about it ... you're pathetic . End of story . 
I don't know why I keep waking up after only six hours of sleep , well before the sun comes up .... on the bright side , the season six finale of House was awesome . Epic ending ! 
is exhausted ! 
Yesterday , I bought my first smart phone ! I learned how customize it's features , save favorite destinations to the GPS , and even sign onto Facebook with it . But first , I did what every guy does with his new phone when he wants to measure the quality of his purchase : I looked up porn . 
Today I found true religion :) Today I convert to Islam and join my Muslim brothers and sisters in worshiping Allah . Interesting turn of events faith can bring . 
Apparently my gassy , hyperactive dog is becoming the fan favorite around the complex . Half the kids in the neighborhood know me because of him . 
Bumper sticker of the day : Nice truck . Sorry about the small penis . 
People that sit and chat with the cashier when there's a line behind them should be shot 
My dog is like a celebrity , I swear ! 
Don't Ask Don't Tell is being struck down by a federal judge ... finally . At this point , I have to say that if you've got a problem with gay people .... shut your piehole and come out of the closet already . Most of the more vocal opponents usually do anyways . 
Nothing like only attending one day of class , and still having a better grade average than half your peers :) 
Computer literacy courses are retarded . I might as well go back to the eigth grade ... 
God this class is such a waste ! Like most college students don't know how to use the internet ? Seriously , how do you think porn does so well as an induustry ? 
To < PROPMALE > driving in Arlington : watch for flying matresses ! 
I have a new beeeeeeed ! It doesn't sink in the middle or have metal things poking me !! 
Dear Today : thanks for crapping on the delicious sundae that was my plans . Hope you die . 
Sooooo I can't do anything with my phone because Cooper just chewed it all to hell . His days are numbered . 
You know .... I don't know what this is .... this thing right here .... but it's odd , it's going , and I'm just going to have to wait and see what I can make of it . I would be more specific , but I'm not sure that it's possible right now . Plus , I kind of like the vibe . It's sorta groovy . 
Just so everybody knows , I kicked < PROPFIRST > Baker's ASS at Tetris last night , FIVE FREAKING TIMES ! Including by best time of ONE MINUTE AND NINE SECONDS !! BOOM !! That's right , < PROPFIRST > , the world knows now ! You can't hide from the < PROPMALE > , baby ! YEAH ! 
Time to face the dreaded homework ! I shall slay this beast using the standard mechanical pencil , and a scientific calcultor ! Onward !! 
Just contributed more points in a class debate than any other person in the room . That's right bitches , don't aruge with me . And now I need to go something cool and manly to counteract the excessive nerdyness I just displayed . 
I should shave more often .... i look like i'm 14 
Dear VA : I don't mind when you mess up my payments , as I'm getting used to it . But could you PLEASE figure out a contingency plan for when shit goes wrong ? I can wait a day . I cannot wait FIVE without my < PROPMALE > collectors looking at me like this is my fault . 
Is determined to take school more seriously ... you know , after I'm done FaceBooking in class . 
Gotta love Congress . Can they decide on tax cuts ? No . Can they come to a timely conclusion on healthcare ? No . Can they give 9/11 victims healthcare benefits ? No . But can they ensure that TV commercials do NOT exceed the volume of the shows they run on ? Faster than they can call a recess , baby ! Although just barely ! 
Ah memories ! The old farm that I used to live on , the three words of Spanish I learned from our hired hand , the countless times I locked my sister in her room because her doorknob was installed backwards .... Those were the days !! 
Is anyone good with resumes ? I could use some assistance , if someone has a minute . Please actually KNOW what works though . If you're someone like me .... I don't want you giving me advice . Thanks ! 
Woot ! I love online , class syllabussesses ! I'm skipping friday !! 
I never understood why creationists denounced evolution , or evolutionist denounced God . Who decided there was a conflict here ? Remember when you were first told about how babies were made ? Perhaps the stork story comes to mind . There's a reason you tell kids the first one , and then explain cell division later . Just as God would simplify things for humanity when it still thought the world was flat . 
You know , when discussing ideas , it helps NOT to be a moron . Just a thought . 
Hey , how do you unlike a < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Don't Ask Don't Tell was overturned in a California District Court ! Congratulations to the Log Cabin Republicans for their victory ! Granted , this still has to go up to the Supreme Court ( because an appeal will be made ) , but it's a victory none the less ! 
Then she told me she had a gun .... it sounded like she used it once before .... says she wants to use it on me now ... 
We are dirt , we are alone . You know we're far from sober . We are fake , we are afraid . \ 
You know it's far from over 
Does it annoy any of you to know that I get paid to go to school and have the luxery to spend 2/3 of that time on Facebook ? 
Man , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Colbert know how to start a trend . As soon as they came out with their rallies , EVERYONE followed suit . I don't mean they just had rallies too ; I mean they copied their signs , they called it basically he same thing , they copied everything ! It's ridiculous ! 
To all the < PROPFIRST > Cowboy fans : We had the team planting trees at our apartment complex to INCLUDE < PROPFIRST > Smith . Shoulda came to Arlington ! Suck it , losers ! 
Christians , I have a question for you : Why do you believe Jesus ' crucifixion was necessary for humanity to have a hope of entering heaven ? Was it because of original sin ( that we are born short of the grace of God ) or that it's impossible to live perfect lives ( so it was there to wipe away future sins) ? Also , if you believe in original sin , and are a protestant , what do you think about the christening of infants ? 
FINALLY got paid by the VA .... and now it's time to watch that check go to eeeeeeeveryone else ! 
Just one tablet a day keeps you completely cured of whatever you took this for . Side effects may include : angina monologues ,, adult onset infancy , autonomous nipple syndrome , mild kidney explosions , genital migration , and mind of Mencia . Cnnsult somebody's doctor before use . 
For anyone wanting to gain a bit of insight into the actions of the Obama administration ( and to just know what some of the lesser know ones were ) , definitely check out the Daily Show . Great interview with the president , and while it opens with a bit of the typical campaign talking points you've already heard , it does dive deeper and provide answers to some very good questions . 
Please , join me in putting this in your status , if you or someone you love has been eaten by velociraptors . It's time to let silent victims everywhere know that there is no shame in being ripped limb from limb and gobbled up forvicious sport . Velociraptors are , after all , kind of unstoppable . An estimated 93% won't copy and paste this , but let's see that 7% that will . 
I think I'm becoming more and more of a recluse ... 
As the walls come down , and as I look in your eyes , my fear begins to fade ; recalling all of the times I have died , and will die ... It's alright , I don't mind ... 
Anyone else know about the lawsuit against Google ? I'd look it up , but it's at the back of the line right now ... 
And O'Donnell gets beat ! I don't mind < PROPFIRST > beating White as much , knowing this . It means that there's sanity somewhere :) 
Excerpt from the < PROPFIRST > Stewart’s Speech : Because the image of Americans that is reflected back to us by our political and media process is false . It is us through a fun-house mirror , and not the good kind that makes you look slim in the waist and maybe taller , but the kind where you have a giant forehead and an ass shaped like a month-old pumpkin with one eyeball . 
Job interview friday .... i'm going to miss my endless downtime of seclusion .... 
Current FOX News Poll : Do you want Congress to repeal the health care law ? \ 
1 . Yes , get rid of it . \ 
2 . No , that's a waste of time since the president will veto it . 3 . \ 
Sorta , I only want some of it gone . 4 . Some of it's ok and they can keep that . 5 . \ 
Don't know , we gotta have something . \ 
\ 
<--- Totally \fair and balanced\ " . Gotta love these douchebags ... " 
So , for my job interview at Central Market I spent two hours with a group of applicants doing presentations , role playing , food tests , and a little Q&A in front of a panel of managers . I think I did alright , but still have to land a second interview before I'm hired . The insane thing is , I'm applying for a cashier's job lol . Talk about some crazy shit . 
Woot ! I got a second interview before the weekend was even over ! 
You know , in hard economic times it pays to know what to invest your money in . And I have to say , that putting $5 into a 32 pack of mini bags of Act II theater butter popcorn is soooo worth it ! 
< PROPMALE > Maher needs to engage his brain more before speaking like an all-knowing ass . 
Aaaand hired . Wohoo big bucks !! :P 
( < PROPFIRST > Griffin after the lights go out ) \Oh my God ! Is this what black people see all the time ?! \"" 
SO , had orientation from 8am-330pm today , will be conducting three trips to < PROPFIRST > and at least one additional , in-house training session this week . Have to admit though , this company kicks ass so far . Luckily I'm getting paid for everything this week , and I can collect a weekly check on top of my GI < PROPMALE > . Not too shabby . 
To those doing the question and answer game : I'll play along . Send me a question , and I'll mock you relentlessly for it . That is all . 
Much as I hate to admit it , being forced to smile and be sociable isn't all that bad .... you know , if you're getting paid for it . Other than that , it's still total crap . 
Woot ! Payday ! 
Sometimes I wanna copy someone's status , word for word , just to see if they notice . 
I don't mean to be a scrooge , but I really hate people who celebrate christmas as soon as December comes . Seriously , that's right up there with people who change their facebook status to advocate a cause ... which is stupid . 
COD Black Ops Multiplayer , you have bested me for good . * Holds X for coward's way out * 
5 hour energy is a lie .... 
Cooper now has a really cool dog skull holding a bone food bowl . It's truly bitchin ' . 
Oh procrastination .... how I hate to put you off for another night ... 
Conservapedia ? Seriously ? Someone thinks a user contributed encycledpedia is being funded by liberal elites or something ? Controoooooool issuuuuuuues . 
Doing a debate in regards to captialism vs . communism , specifically over the < PROPMALE > Doctrine . If there are any history buffs out there that would know more about it's effect on Greece during the time of their civil war , I'd greatly appreciate any info . Thanks ! 
Some days you just gotta hit the ground running from the moment you wake up and take out the objective improv-style . Naaaaaaiiiiled it . 
Caffeine and Algebra . There's a love/hate relationship for ya . 
You know you're in a community college when you make an 84 on your final and ... it's the first time you've touched the subject in two weeks , you studied the night before ( while playing Starcraft ) , you only studied about 2/3 of the material , your class attendance was bordering a 50/50 ratio ( the other 50% you slept in ) , ..... aaannnddd ... it was a multiple choice test in freaking ALGEBRA !! God I'm gonna miss TCC :) 
I called her on the phone and she touched herself . I laughed myself to sleep . 
Don't Ask , Don't Tell has been repealed ! 
If only could ... make a deal with God .. and get him to swap out places ... 
Not only has Wal-Mart been destroying < PROPFEMALE>'s mom and pop stores , they've been slapping mom's ass on the way out . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on Wal-Mart's sexual discrimination lawsuit : http://www.thedailyshow.com/watch/wed-june-20-2001/headlines---bargain-debasement 
I poked < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and I liked it . 
Hey ! Does anyone know any restaurants that are open Christmas day ? My family of procrastinators and poor planners are trying to find an agreeable solution to this problem . Thanks ! 
People that use the phrase \just sayin'\ " make me wish I had a cattle prod and less distance between us . " 
To my WoW playing friends : Blizzard decided to increase world events in cataclysm . It's true . I , being the every busy researcher of random things , stumbled upon a few : In the Northrend wilderness , Worgen can be shot by < PROPFEMALE > Palin from a helicopter . She's really gaining popularity it seems . 
Not a happy camper . Not at all . Matter of fact , I'm going to shoot a happy camper if I see one . Bastards . 
So it looks more and more like I'm going to have less and less time to spend with Cooper once school starts . After some time of contemplating this dilemma , I've decided to see what my options are should I need to get rid of him ( and get him to a good home ) . If anyone is interested , let me know and we'll see what we can work out . Anyone that already has one dog , and time to play with him , is ideal . 
The Arlington Tax office operates in such secrecy that even Google and half of it's employees are confused about its location ..... 
< PROPMALE > deGrasse < PROPMALE > is just awesome to listen to . I'll have to Google more interviews with him in it . 
I need more money and less time .... 
I became a Congressman the Republican way ! 
Small piece of satire written in my notes . Haven't written anything like this in roughly a year , so let me know if it sucks . Fair warning though , it's about boring media coverage . 
Finally off to bed . When I wake , I will happily feed my inner nerd with science documentaries , then descend into the world of politics ! 
Watched and awesome PBS presentation of < PROPMALE>'s theory on natural selection . Hopefully this next one will go more in-depth on cellular mutation and the process of evolution on a much more technical level :) On a side note , my inner nerd is now raging . 
The idea that we should bear our arms , not for our day to day personal use , but to use in defense of a tyrannical government - is absurd . The idea that private citizens should be so well armed as to defend themselves from the U.S. military , is the most absurd theory I have heard in recent memory . 
sucks at Tetris 
Booooooooooooooooooooorrrrrrrrrrrrrredddddddddd !!!!! 
I swear my political science professor is still living out his pot smoking , < PROPFEMALE > days . Hey , prof , total bummer to toke righteously the night before class , dude ! 
I can't sleeeeeeeeep . 
Any of my CM partners know how to submit ideas for the store ? 
Today I was out grown in facial hair by a woman . I don't know who that says the worst of , but I'm not happy with either of us . 
Oh late nights ... how you seem like so much fun in the evening and so much hell in the morning .... 
< PROPFEMALE > Bachman is expected to give her own response to President Obama's State of the Union address . I can't wait ! Someone pass the popcorn ! I just love a big ol ' bag of bat-shit crazy from time to time ! 
Central Market's guacamole is the sex ! 
This next post is going to be so fun to write :) 
While a leftist ..... I can only hand so much of < PROPMALE > Maher ... like ... 5 minutes ... 
I just out Mexicanned a Mexican ! Mwuahahahaha ! 
Dear VA : Please hire more people , get a faster system , or pull your head out of your ass . Why it takes you more than 17 BUSINESS days to update a system for benefits I have already been using for two years now , I'll never know . Now , I have to figure out how I'm going to pass classes without books . Maybe when I can screw up your paycheck , you'll understand . Until then , you can kindly eat shit . 
What's a fella to do ? 
Waaaaaaay too many chicken nuggets . I feel like a giant fatass .... oh god ! 
Museum time ! Woot ! 
I truly enjoy good conversation and good music . Few things can rival these two . 
So , it looks like I might be able to embark on a new venture into nerdiness with my museum < PROPMALE > and spiritual guru . Fun times , indeed . 
It's always amusing to see someone who is quick to proclaim themselves an \all knowing intellectual\ " reduced to a babbling pile of idiocy during heated debate . " 
To all my friends going through all the crazy shit that you are : keep your < PROPFEMALE > up . I know it sucks , but you're definitely not alone . For what it's worth , you can always call me if you need to vent . For every bad day that always seems to come , remember that regardless of perspective , it will always end . Everything may not get better , but everything surely passes . 
Time to go for a walk . Can't believe I'm spending so much time inside when the whole damn world's frozen outside . You know , besides the fact that's it's actually frozen outside . 
Damn I love this weather ! What other time of year can you throw your soda in the back of your truck and have it cold and ready to drink by the time you get home ? That's what I'm TALKIN ' ABOUT ! 
Woot ! Tax return time ! 
Woot ! Uta is cloooosed for Friday ! 
\Clothes make the man . Naked people have little or\ 
Hey ! To all that viewed the Republican rape legislation post : I took it down because the language of the post ( before you click on it and read the whole thing ) makes it sound like republicans are trying to say what is and isn't rape in and of itself . That's not the full story . It's what kinds of rape are considered rape for federally funded abortions . 
Maaaan I'm calling in today too . These people are morons . Nooooot about to contend with them . 
Man ... how the hell is CM going to schedule me for an hour and a half shift on Wednesday ? it takes me that long just to get there and back !! 
'' A special shout-out to the independent geniuses , who switched sides again because President Chocolate Jesus did not make it rain twenties in two years . You know what , you independents , if you can vote for Bush one year , and then the next election vote for Obama , and then go back to < PROPFIRST > Boehner , you're not independents , you're schizophrenic . 
Never forget to pee before going through a carwash ! 
To my mother : Thank you for keeping me grounded when I'm starting to get lost in left field , for listening when no one else wanted to , for being tougher than anyone else could have asked you to , and for not shooting my son-of-a-bitch father every time the bastard deserved it . Because let's face it : there's no way in hell our family could afford that much ammo . 
Dear God , how much money do Republicans put in to ads on Facebook ?? 
'' We used to hustle over the border for health care we received in Canada . And I think now , isn't that ironic ? '' \ 
—Sarah Palin , admitting that her family used to get treatment in Canada's single-payer health care system , despite having demonized such government-run programs as socialized medicine that will lead to death-panel-like rationing , March 6 , 2010 
Started off the day at the lake with < PROPFIRST > , ate a Subway Italian BMT with Chipotle sauce and jalapeños , and got to relax and play some WOW before work .... great day so far ! 
To anyone trying to call me : I only have a car charger , so my phone tends to die a lot . I'll have a house charger again soon ( Cooper ate the last one ) . If I forget you sent something/called , just hit me back . I'm not trying to ignore anyone , promise ! 
House , season 7 , is getting soooo good . Glad to see they could pull off the House and Cuddy < PROPFEMALE > . Was worried about the series for a second . And Kudos to them for continuing to have great music to add to the awesomeness of each episode . 
If my recent videos aren't proof that evolution is true , and that monkeys and humans are related , I don't know what is . 
I feel good ..... Can't complain , you know ? 
So I wasn't aware of how many videos are on BP's YouTube channel . It turns out , quite a lot . What's worth noting about this ? That their PR campaign is being met with thousands of dislikes per video compared to the few hundred likes . Good to see the investment was worth it :) 
SO , after calling the VA about a letter saying I owe them money ( which turned out to be not true , the system just wasn't catching up to the payment ) I found out a key reason why it takes AGES to get anything done . Apparently , the bigwigs at the top only anticipated 300,000 calls of people trying to collect benefits . What was the actual call volume received ? A freaking MILLION ! 
5 hour energy extra strength is awesome ! 
SO , it appears that if I can raise the money , I have a < PROPMALE > to go to Ecuador to do some humanitarian/conservation work along with some really cool thrill seeking activities for a couple of weeks . I'll have to look into this a over the next month or so .... 
While I'm not a violent person , I would stab a man to death with the shards of a broken plastic spoon for a bag of Juilo's Chips . 
My girlfriend is so adorable :) 
Okay , so I'm about to be without a computer again ..... silly repair people . 
3 minutes ' til the Spanish binge begins .. ugh .. 
My Spanish final takes two days and counts for 20% of my grade . Talk about some heavy stuff ! 
Well , so far we've seen tax cuts to the < PROPMALE > , are now looking at cutting benefits for poorer people , the GITMO situation worse than it was before it was messed with , and a lack of support for the Wisconsin protesters ... I'm really wishing our President was as far left as his supporters that voted him in . Either that or that he didn't run out of juice after the healthcare battles .... 
If you had to eat another human being to survive , do you think they'd taste like their ethnic background ? Do you think Mexicans are spicy ? With Chinese people are you hungry 30 minutes later for more ? Black people ... taste like chicken . White people ? You don't eat white people . I'm sorry , I don't make the rules . - < PROPFIRST > Tosh on cannibalism . 
To all drivers out there : When you're in the left hand turn < PROPFIRST > and the light is green without an arrow , GET IN THE MIDDLE OF THE INTERSECTION ! No on is going to hit you , you little pansies ! You can turn left once the light goes red !! YES , this IS LEGAL ! I even do it in front of cops ALL THE TIME ! You also get one less person out of line for the 3 second green arrow . This helps reduce traffic !! 
Woot ! Got my computer back ! 
And my computer is still messed up .... sooooo back to Best Buy . Don't think this means the war is off < PROPFIRST > , I still have the laptop and just as much time on my hands :) 
Yaaaay ! Computer is back and working ! Thank god for that ! And now , on to my web workings and studyings :) 
\A man was wearing a WWJD bracelet and a < PROPMALE > Armstrong bracelet and he went up to this blind kid and rubbed his eyes and the kid could see . And he wasn't used to the light and it was bright and he walked into traffic and was killed instantly . \ " - Tosh " 
Finally got a new phone .... and naturally have no < PROPFIRST > stored externally .. SO ... 817-874-3228 ... text/call or whatnot if you're one of those people that wants me to know your number . Thanks :) 
Does anyone know if the protests are going strong in < PROPFIRST > ? 
I'll be in Carthage tomorrow ... which means most of you will be working , or in Florida ... sooooo ..... here's to bad timing and short lived visits ! 
Back from Carthage and off to sleep .... Didn't make it to < PROPFIRST > , but the week has been good ... Enjoyed it . 
Have to admit ... I really like my job at CM . Cool people and all that jazz ... 
. Sleep . 
So mentally lazy and emotional stunted is a person who insists on censoring and screaming at someone that doesn't agree with them . 
I have an addiction to debating .... It's on a level of crack addiction at this point .... 
Logical fallacy : Pro small business Republicans defending tax cuts to the < PROPMALE > when those taxes go into government loans used to start up small business . It's like an alcoholic bashing AA while saying he needs help with his drinking problem . Put down the bottle , dude ! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( in honor of our armed forces wherever they may be ) - let's see who gets it . 
I love conservative FaceBook ads . When you want to annoy a conservative , you speak facts . When you want to annoy a liberal ... you give them a deck of cards ? Really ? Obama playing cards ? Isn't that called a \collectible ? \"" 
From Leslie : \I'm getting really annoyed at the people that say ' Pray for Japan ' . Is that really going to help them ?? \ " <--- LMAO " 
You wake up in the morning . Your paint is peeling , your curtains are gone and your water's boiling . Which problem do you deal with first ? NONE of them , you idiot ! The house is on fire !! 
Many times , the person I know or understand the least is myself . Oh what a joy , then , to have found another piece of that puzzle . Clarity is a wonderful thing . 
Recently posted some old blogs that a few people got a kick out of a while back ... Anywho , I figured someone might enjoy them . All but one are meant to be funny , and semi-ish informative on events at the time . My opinions in them may have changed , though ... 
Two trailer park girls go ' round the outside , ' round the outside , ' round the outside ! 
Ever since the day I was born , drugs is what they used to say I was on . They said I never knew which was I was goin , but everywhere I go they keep playin my song . 
You know , I don't mean to sound arrogant , but when will people realize I'm right about everything ? I know my life would be easier . 
When I go out , I'm gonna go out shooting . I don't mean when I die , I mean when I got to the club , stupid !! 
Happy :) 
Cooper is loving his new home ! Such good news ! 
SO , I've been contemplating going into teaching , maybe history ... and I was thinking ... how cool would it be partner up with the drama department to reenact the conflict between Hamilton and Burr to a play with rap battles ?! I mean , two < PROPMALE > playas in American history , words were said , someone got shot . What else would you need ? 
Homosexuality is found in over 450 species . Homophobia is found in only one . Which one seems unnatural now ? Repost if you agree . 
Does anyone have any info or insight into < PROPMALE > Manning's situation ? What he leaked , his living conditions , etc ? 
Remember when teachers , public employees , Planned Parenthood , Public Radio and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Yeah , me neither . Repost if you can't remember , either . 
You know , when < PROPFIRST > Kyl lies , at least he admits that he's lying to you , and never intended it to be the truth . Because when you say that abortions are over 90% of what Planned Parenthood does , when a simple fact check says you're off by about what you initial estimate was , what else can you do ? 
It's gonna be a late night , but I'm gonna get some shit done !! 
Is it too much to ask that I know what my grade is at somepoint during this semester ?! 
SO , I took two tests today ... one being a personality test , one being a career values test ... and the composite score listed a professor ( of varying types , obviously ) in 12 out of the 20 slots for a career ! For some reason , lawyer topped every single chart , no matter how I sliced it . Somehow I didn't like the test after that :P 
A short bit of r and r , and back to spanish . 
Can someone educate me how I-Phone Apps help combat PTSD ? This sounds like the dumbest thing I've heard in the last few years . 
In the words of Tosh : Negus , please ! 
WHY DO ONLINE COMMERCIALS HAVE TO BE SO LOUD AND the programs have to be so quiet ? 
Got a perfect score on my sociology exam . That's right kiddies , there will be no curve in class today . None . Zero . Zilch . Suck it . 
You know , I've gotten to the point that I really despise most conspiracy theories , or the theorists in general . Most of the time , they're so stupid . Sorry guys , Kennedy could have been shot from Dealey Plaza , we landed on the < PROPFEMALE > , and 9/11 wasn't an inside job performed by black ops demolition teams . 
Question : Do you think it would be wise to provide increased financial aid for occupations our country needed , and/or provide job placement ? For example , if we needed more science teachers or scientists in general , the federal government could offer bonuses in financial aid for people seeking degrees for such . 
It always sucks when you see someone you care about , struggling . And I'm sincerely sorry for any and all of my contributions to it . Sometimes shit just doesn't work out the way you hoped . I don't want to butt in where I should stay out , but I hope you'll know that I still care . And I hope the nights get better for you when the lights go out . I'm just hoping you'll be okay and happy , soon . 
A huge thanks to the troops in the region , and the special ops that took Bin Laden out ! You guys are the shit ! 
To my religious friends : I apologize if I have offended you with any of my posts . Please note that I have nothing against you at all for your beliefs , nor do I expect or want you to agree with me on everything involving such subjects . Many of you are the most respectable and important people in my life . None of my posts or jokes are ever a shot at any of you ; just my self expression and humor . Thanks :) 
I've been talking with a few people who are skeptical on the information about Bin Laden's death . Guys , if you'll add a few news sites to your FB feed , you'll have all the info on this at your fingertips while you enjoy commenting on photos and such . Just a helpful hint :) 
Bin Laden , Gaddafi kid - how many Muslims does a black man have to kill in one weekend before the crackers climb down off his ass ? <-- < PROPMALE > Maher 
My good intentions don't typically serve me as well as I'd like . I try , though ... maybe that counts for something . Who knows ... 
Time to get back on my shit ! You know what I'm talkin ' bout ! 
