I am so tired of this friken 100 degree weather 

Wake me when its winter 
Trying to study for the GRE , its a pain in the ass 
trying to get all my stuff together for my trip to texas on thursday 
Trying to wake up , so much stuff i need to get done before Thursday morning 
is enjoying spending time with my dogs and cat ! 
Still trying to wake up . 
is not feeling well . Cant stop coughing 
Got my laptop back today . The hard drive failed , so they had to replace it . 
Tired . Not breathing well , asthma and a stuffy nose doesn't mix . 
Classes start monday ! Is summer really over ? 
grr stressed , so much shit to do , not enough time to get it done 
Not as stressed out . Still trying to get alot of shit done before classes start on Monday . 
Exhausted , but cleaning most of the day , but if you look at my apartment ya can't tell I've done anything ! Trying to get things ready for my first class of the semester ( and of the masters program ) 
Had a long day . Really worried about a friend of mine who is not in good health . I'm afraid that he is not going to be around for much longer with how bad he has been breathing in the last few months . 
Tired . Had class tonight . Ethics ( what fun ) Got my diploma in the mail today ! 
Still trying to get my house cleaned up . I hate cleaning and doing laundry , but it has to get done . Hell , I don't care if my house is perfectly clean , I just want it to look better and organized . 
Enjoying the night , curled up in bed with my boys ! Cisco is curled up behind my head , Chocolate beside me , and Sicker is half on me ( he's so big , only half of him will fit !! LOL ) 
I don't think I am ever going to get caught up on my cleaning . But at least the house is starting to look like I have done something ! 
At school waiting for my class to start . Just had to spend another $60 on a stupid work book for a class . That is more then I paid for the damn book itself ! Err .... 
If its not one thing , its another . I am just tired of dealing with so much of this bs . 
Watching Family Guy and cuddling with my boys 
trying to get too much accomplished in the next 45 minutes before class starts ..... 
not doing too good . My aunt has to have emergency brain surgery in the morning , and I have no way to get up to Milwaukee to be there for her . So I am a wreck . 
My aunt made it through surgery today , she even has feeling in her feet ! 
Tired , still trying to put things away all the thinks that I got while shopping today ... I like shopping , just hate to have to find places for it all .... 
Just talked to my aunt . She is sounding really good considering what she's been through . It just amazes me how she continues to defy the odds . Please keep her in your prayers , the cancer just keeps coming back ... 
just chilling wishing this weekend wasn't already almost over ... Have unfinished homework 
tired ...... Tired of dealing with the Apple Store , they replaced my iPhone last night , but the one they replaced it with was defective so after being there 2 hours today , they gave me another new one . 
On break in class 
Doing homework .... watching WNBA playoffs and trying to keep my cat off of me and the books/papers that I have sprawled all over ... 
Is it possible to have a really long short day when you dont work or have school ? 
Waiting for class to start .. having a weird day , my eyes wont stay focused and are increasingly blurry , so that has thrown my whole day off . 
Irritated .... my computer lost five chapters of work that I have to have ready next week .... I had it all saved , but its not there 
Stressed , Tired of studying and doing homework .. Why cant there be an easy way out ( besides not going to school ) 
waiting for class to start .... hoping it goes quick , and i can go home and try to sleep tonight . 
Ready for class to be over so I can go to Lady's Night with my neighbors !! 
Over slept today .... trying to get ready to leave in like 5 minutes , and its not working that good .... 
Trying to get organized , papers , quiz's , tests , and too much information for me to keep up with . 
Trying to get focused so I can get shit accomplished today , but I just wanna be lazy 
So much to do , so little time and energy . 
Studying for my test tommorror . Errrr ... Can't seem to stay focused on it , but I'm trying 
Been running like a chicken with my head cut off . Ready to go home , take a nice cold bath , and to try to fall asleep early . 
Got to talk to all my nieces and nephew ! Between the 5 of them was on the phone for almost 30 mins . All wishing me a happy birthday ... and telling me everything else they could before they had to hand the phone to the next one in line ! it was awsome !! 
excited , and wore plum out . Been cleaning and parent proofing my house all week , and they got in this afternoon . A 9 yo and 4 yo with unlimited energy ! Got one on my couch in the bedroom and the 4 yo in bed asleep next to me ( who fell asleep with her hand on Chocolates back !! ) 
is doing homework ..... and HATES writing papers :( 
Irritated ... been working on a 12-14 < PROPFEMALE > paper almost nonstop for one of my classes , which is due is two weeks , and tonight she told us she wanted our email so she could send us what she expects our paper to have ....... WTF ... its due in two weeks , she told us of the paper in the first couple class periods , wouldn't it have been better to tell us of her requirements when she gave us the assignment ..... urgh ! 
Tired of working on papers , don't wanna do no more , but I gotta :( 
Going kinda crazy , just got done talking to my dad , my aunt is going to have surgery next week sometime . 
Tired , stressed , and in need of another week to get caught up .... 
13 more days until I fly to Wisconsin !!! 
Sitting in class , working on a paper for another class that was sprung on us last week out of the blue . Dreading finals next week , and not wanting to take the GRE on Thursday :( 
Dreading the next 7 days .... Papers due , GRE tomorrow , Finals Monday and Wednesday , plus having to clean and organize before I fly to Wisconsin a week from tomorrow . 
At the Airport waiting for my 7:45 flight , first stop is < PROPMALE > with a 4 hour layover , an then to Wisconsin . Been awake since 5 am , and just want to close my eyes and go back to sleep . 
So much I want to do while in Wisconsin , and no car of my own to do it . Man I hate having to rely on others for rides everywhere . 
At my cousins house , playing on the internet until my grandma gets off work at 8 pm . 
Over at my cousins watching movies and snowfall 
Watching a bulls game and hanging out with my cousin . Enjoying my night in style !!! 
hot , tired , and just got through security at the airport . Hoping for an uneventful trip home . 
And still waiting .................. 
Expecting to see my nieces next weekend along with my brother . Which will be my bro's first time in OK since I moved here 6 1/2 yrs ago 
Had a busy day . My boys look so cute , they went to the groomers today !!! 
today is a lazy day , just laying around playing spades on pogo 
I am a day behind . I keep thinking that it is Sunday .... So now trying to prepare for my first day of one of my classes . 
Stressed to the < PROPMALE > ....... Waiting for the bottom to fall out and just trying to take it one day at a time . I just am soooooo fuking tired of being on the phone with the government . But atleast my nebulizer will be coming in the mail tomorror 
Tired , been running nonstop for yet another day ! Have a paper due next week and a research paper due in 3 1/2 weeks . 
nothing , absolutly nothing , another day in the paradise of my life . 
Tired of writing this paper , been trying to finish it all week and its due tomoror night . Also irritated with my professor , I lost my outline for the paper and she said she'd email it to me , I have sent her two email reminding her , with no response ... WTF ? Ok i'm done venting , now time to struggle to fall asleep 
At school .... class doesn't start for another 2 hrs , but finally got the finishing touches on my paper and have it printed out . The building is unusually quiet since there is something going on for one of our professors who passed . Trying start work on my research paper that is due in 3 or 4 weeks , but I don't know if my mind can concentrate any more then it already has today . 
Got alot going on .... But was able to catch up on some much needed sleep this weekend :) 
Having a hard time dealing with everything . A friend of mine just went to the hospital and another is going in on Monday . The one that went by ambulance today is not doing very good at all . 
Just got done visiting my friend whose in icu and going to go home and colasp from exhustiin . Wish I felt better but this stupid sinus infection hhas drained all energy 
Still not feeling too good , and stressed with all that's going on so that's not helping too much ..... 
At Micky D's and have been struggling with this stupid sinus infection , and got into one of my coughing spells , and a lady just sat down near me , heard me coughing and moved to across the room !! LOL 
Spent most of the day at the hospital between my two friends . Still dog sitting for a cute little mutt . Ready to watch the bulls play and hopefully get into that 8th spot in the east !! 
One of my friends was released from the hospital Tuesday , the other one died this morning ...... taking it pretty ruff ..... and I feel bad for the pup , Tipper , now she is mommy-less but soon she will have 2 mommys ! 
Struggling with the death of my friend ....... I knew she was sick ( being in ICU for a week and all ) but I'm still taking it hard . 
My minds driving me nutts with what I feel I should have done to help my friend who died . Some regrets . I kNow the thoughts r irrational but the feelings overrun logic 
Musta been wore out from the past couple days cuz I slept til almost 2pm ans fell asleep at like midnight . 
Still trying to put the finishing touches on my research paper ...... 
Waiting for my friend at the dr office . I hate to wait but oh well 
have enjoyed a nice lazy day and am now watching the bulls in round one ! 
Tired , this medication change is killing me in the morning 
Just almost got home . Tired , worn out , exhusted and any other word I can't think of right now that means the same thing 
Studying for finals 
Tired of waiting for my friends in the car ( studying ) while their both in the casino . But I don't have money to gamble with and hate to be the one watching everyone else play . 
My ceiling fan started all by itself . Weird , kinda freaking me out . 
Wore smooth out , man I love my neices and nephew , no matter how crazy tired they get me !!! 
getting ready to go swimming , still waiting to hear back from the insurance on whether they will approve my surgery , which needs to happen soon , got to get it done before school starts back up for the summer . Then hopefully off to get my tattoo . Gotta swim before I get my tat , since I won't be able to for a while afterwards . 
At the tat shop waiting , hoping to get my tat tonight !!!! Can't wait , it's been almost a year since my last one ! 
Just finished working on some paper work type stuff , and am about to go wake my mom up , kids will be home from school soon . Irritated with medicare , called a second time , and I hate getting different answers from different people . ERR 
Heading to water park 
The kids r having a blast at the water park . I'm tired and ready to go home , but it's their day today from their aunt Brina . But I've got some great pictures !! All in all it's been a good day thus far 
How many idiots does it take to get sunburned at an indoor water park on a cloudy day ??? 2 .... Just me and my dad . ( and there were 9 of us ) . 5 kids 10 and under makes Aunt Brina an absolutely exhusted person . 
Almost back home !! About 30 more < PROPMALE > !! Yeah can't wait to c me baby cisco 
I'm just here , kinda in a dase . But atleast I get to sleep in my own bed with all three of my boys , I so miss my two Sicker and Cisco whom of which couldn't make the trip to tx 
Dog ass tired , 300+ < PROPMALE > is alot to dive alone in 1 day . Glad to be home , I luv my AC , cable , and DVR , things I don't have much control of at the parental units house 
Got done with one appointment and waiting for another one , but atleast I had someone that wasn't judging me on my looks and started a conversation with me which helped pass the time since I still have 45 minutes til my appt . 
I am so stressed out right now , about everything , nothing , and anything in between . I'm not sure why , probably because I am so tired , and emotionally exhausted from my time in texas . 
If I'm not waiting for an appointment myself , I'm waiting for a friend at an appointment ...... its a never ending game of waiting .. 
Can't wait for Tuesday !!! I get to go see the WNBA champ play the Tulsa Shock !! Glad T-town finally has a pro basketball team !!! 
Just got home , it's hot , so I'm bitchy . I got my printer cord in the mail today and it fits !! I was worried it wouldn't . 
Have gotten alot accomplished today , but not enough . but I dread changing the sheets on my bed ..... I hate doing that . 
Curled up with my boys watching \The Hangover \"" 
Watching phoenix beat up on Tulsa !!! 
Enjoying a visit with my \other\ " parents and wishing my tv in the livingroom worked !! " 
have had a good but busy day . Having a hard time breathing , but all ready for bed , or atleast my \boys\ " are telling me it is time for bed ! " 
School starts in like 10 days , waiting to hear back from the dr about my lab results to see if i can have my surgery done before classes start . Ready for a nap . This fricken heat just drains the life outa me :( 
I hate summer , I hate summer , I hate summer . It's too hot to function ...... Err 
I have a lot of nervous energy . Want to get out of the house but it's too hot , I have no money , and no where to go . 
Been a long but good day !! 
Tired ! Was awake way too early today and have to wear one of those oxygen sensors on my finger tonight , so it'll probably be a long night ! 
Its gonna be a good weekend !! The boys are at the groomers getting cut . Tulsa Pride Festival/Parade is tomorrow !!!! 
Enjoying a relaxing Sunday , watching TV with my boys , texting my girl ! 
Not ready for classes to start today , but what can I do about it ? NOTHING ! Just gotta grin and bear it . Oh well , today will still be good , as long as it stays overcast skys !! 
At school , waiting for class to start , got about another hour , but making good use of my time ! 
Thank God , this day is finally over !!! This semester is going to f'ing kill me . 
Tired , had a long but good day ! Talked to my Aunt who's in the hospital , she's doing good ! Hoping that this experimental treatment helps her body , which is bombarded with cancer . Also hoping that my mother can come down the week of the 21st for my surgery . I may be a daddy's girl , but not for this surgery !! lol 
Exhausted ! Out in the heat too much today . 
Wore smooth out , this semester is going to kill me . Have class til 10 and have to be up and to the dr by 8 .... I don't like mornings !! 
Been going all morning :( waiting to do my pre op at the hospital . Surgery set for like 10:30 am next Monday . 
Waiting for class to start ..... actually got all my papers that are due today done , so that's good 
God I'm tired , ready to be in bed asleep , but have to wait for class to get over , 45 more minutes ! 
Did not wanna get up this morning . Could hav slept all day if it wouldn't of been for someone and if I didn't hav an appointment at 1030 . 
At incredable pizza with friends son . Having a blast 
Have had a good day . It is just way to frickin hot ! 
Getting ready to leave for the hospital . I'll come back tomorrow a little lighter with less back pain !! 
I'm in alot of pain . Got outta the hospital at like 11 am and trying to sleep off all the meds they gave me 
Still in alot of pain . Happy to be outta the hospital , laying in bed with the boys 
Actually got outta the house for a few hours today , and this is the first that I have gotten on the computer since Sunday ... I'm exhusted and going to be in alot of pain since I have to take a shower tonight ... ( that sounds really gross , like Im not taking showers ... lol ) 
In some serious pain right now , waiting for my mother to get outta the shower so we can go get something to eat so I can take something for pain . Then off to < PROPMALE > world to see about some dressings for the wounds that have padding . Still haven't been released to drive so at my mothers mersey on that . 
Well that was a mistake . Too much too soon . Crying I'm in so much pain 
Tired and wish some of the swelling would go down 
working on papers that I failed to write while I have been recovering from surgery .... 
Just got back from the dr. I can drive again !!! Working on my papers again , ready for a nap 
Getting ready to get back to the life of the living i.e. , going back to class , driving ( yeah !! ) , and finishing homework ...... feel so much better and more comfortable with myself since having the surgery !!! 
Is writing yet another paper and studying for my midterm tomorrow . 
With my boys at my neighbors house . 
Its already been a long , back to my usual Monday and Wednesday routine , go to school early to print of a paper due today , study for midterms , and to get a parking ticket taken care of . Monday at school they gave me a parking ticket for parking in a handicapped spot , the first time I forgot to put up my tag , but atleast didn't have to pay the $50 fine since I do have a tag !! 
I am really confused .... why is it that the people you care about most just don't seem to tell the truth , then try to make you feel bad about it ?? 
About to take the dogs for a walk and then to unload the crap I bought today followed by cleaning out < PROPFEMALE>'s cage and the criket keeper ! What fun 
Is wondering what my mother is doing up so late , and online !?!? 
Is having a shitty day 
Note to self : never go to the casino especially with a debit card . You screw yourself over almost everytime . And in all reality Brina you don't need to be in a casino at all . ( now if I can only remember this note to myself 
has her mind set on having a better day then yesterday , but so far it doesn't seem to be working ..... 
my eyes are going cross and I can't keep up with my thoughts , 2 1/2 hours of doing homework , and I still have 6 hours of classes tonight to look forward to :( Damn school , cancels class on friday for the fourth , yet the campus I go to doesn't even offer classes on friday .... but oh well , Im in grad school , its not suppose to be easy . 
Just got good news , I only have one class tonight , my later class is cancelled !! Yeah ! 
Just got done watching my homework and am ready for a nap ..... 
Waiting for class to start 
Has been doing homework for 3 hrs and am no taking a neighbor to do some running around . I hate being nice sometime !!! 
Ready for a nap , definately not a morning person , and had to be up too early this morning ........ 
Can't wait til august ! Not only will school be over for a couple weeks , but getting to go up to Wisconsin !! 
My Chocolate doesn't feel well . Went to the dog ER with him . He has an absessed tooth , abnormal noise when he either exhales or inhales . I have to take him to his vet in the morning , worried cause I don't know if I'll have to leave him , how long he'll have to be there , or anything . He finally ate what the vet gave him tonight , and I gave him his antibiotic . 
My baby is feeling better today !! He finally ate something with his antibiotic . Took him to the vet and had lab work done . I'll hear back from the vet around 4 . It'll all cost a mint but he's worth it !! 
Chocolate is still not doing too good . He's got his mommy worried sick . Got him laying here right here with me . I'm afraid to go anywhere in fear that I'll come home and he won't b here anymore . He's never really been sick before 
Chocolate has been on antibiotics for almost 22 hrs , and I'm already seeing signs of improvement , he held up his paw for me to scratch his belly !! His lab work also came back ok . If he keeps improving he'll have to go under antiseia next week to take care of his teeth . I'm just so happy he's feeling better . I know he's old , but he's the love of my life 
Tired , but cant seem to fall asleep . Chocolate is doing so much better !! 
Homework , homework , and more homework . 
I just wanted to update everyone . Chocolate is doing so much better !! He has been responding great to antibiotics , and can't get in to have his tooth absess taken care of for another week or so . Thank u so much for ur prayers for him !! He is almost back to his normal self . 
Ready for the semester to be over !!! Wish next semester didn't start so soon , and so ready to go to Wisconsin at the begining of August 
Is sooo ready for winter !! Heat heat go away or you'll end up being the death of me one day 
Fell asleep way too early last night ( about 7:30 ) and have been up since 3:30 and cant seem to fall back to sleep , even though I am tired ..... this may not make for a good day 
I'm already so flipping tired , looks like I will be going to bed early again , or may just sleep the day away .... I'm emotionally exhausted which is making me physically tired . 
In class , got my mind on many other things . Desperately wanting winter to come quickly 
Sitting here watching Friends with my neighbor 
It is fricken hot out side , to miserable to do anything . I feel like I'm neglecting my boys since they don't get to go for walks much ........ Its times like this I wish I had a backyard for them to be able to run and play . Chocolate and Cisco deserve it . 
Last week of classes for about 3 weeks !!! YAY !!! Wisconsin here I come soon !!! However that means I have two papers , a presentation and two finals this week .... :( 
Two finals today , and I'm down with school for a few weeks !! Wish me luck ! 
Getting ready for the first of two finals today :( 30 more minutes of studying . 
Is wishing her breathing would get better !! Been a good day !!! Schools over til the 16 and I leave for Wisconsin either Monday or Tuesday !! :) 
Had alot of fun last night !! Hope to do it again soon !! Lol 
Am enjoying making friends with all the dogs in the complex ! < PROPFIRST > was abused severily before a neighbor got him , I'm the only one other then her he'll let pet him !!! 
Well , my parents will be here tomorrow to pick me up , then we have a 20 some hour drive to Wisconsin !!! Yay ! I can't wait to see my Grandma and the rest of my family ! Hope my mom's sister wants to see me this time cause in December she stood me up . 
Waiting for my parents to get here !! Got up way too early , but couldn't sleep , prolly too excited !! 
Missing my babies all ready !! Just settling in to a hotel in Illinois . Have had a nice drive thus far , and got to have dinner with a friend in St. < PROPFIRST > . Great to see < PROPFIRST > and catch up !! 
I'm finally seeing an end to this long road trip !! I drove almost 250 < PROPMALE > today !! It sure is nice having two other drivers and doing a three person rotation !! Got about another 30 < PROPMALE > to grandmas ( who is at work ) . Woo hoo !!!! 
Spent the day at the beach !! My legs r burned to a chrisp , along with parts of my feet :( it was a nice day , but the water was bone chilling cold and I kept having to get in and push me and my mother in our double tube back to shore !! It was alot of fun !! 
Ah This is the life !!! Air conditioning and wifi !! Man I love McDonalds right now !!! 
Enjoying my vacation thus far , but think I'm driving my parents nuts with how much I text !! 
On vacation and have a stupid rash that I have to get checked out today , whatever the rash is , it covers both my feet , legs , and both hands and working it's way up my arms :( 
Stuck in Belgium , Wisconsin with a number of my crazy family members !! 
Watching < PROPMALE > Wonka and the Chocolate Factory with my cuz !! And it's awesome ! It's been a tradition of ours for the past 14+ years !! Oh ! Those were the days !!! 
Eating breakfast with grandma !! 
I'm miserable :( it's hot , sitting in front of a fan that is just circulating hot air . I desperately miss my ac !! 
2 1/2 day and counting until we go home !! That means I get to see my boys , my friends , my car , ac , net and cable !!! 
McDonalds is becoming my best friend while in WI , air and wifi !!! About to go chill with one of my cuz . Just got a new pair of shoes that I needed to take a 3 hr 2 1/2 mile tour of Kohler with grandma friday and got my hair cut !! 
1 1/2 days and counting !! It's prolly gonna be a miserable day , it's suppose to get to almost 90 , which would be great normally , but without ac means it'll be into the triple digits in grandmas house ............ Bet my mother and I go chill at McDonalds for a few hours !!! 
Just not in a good mood , don't know whether I want to cry or punch something , and I don't know why ......... 
Just spent the last 3 hours walking , Turing the kohler company for the only purpose of keeping grandma happy !! Err thankfully it's Friday !! Leave to go home at 4 am 
Woo hoo !!! We're on our way home !! In Illinois right now ... Been driving since like 445 am !! Can't wait !! 
85 < PROPMALE > to the Oklahoma state line !! So figuring we should be back at home by 8-9 !!!! 
Home at last !!!! 
So not ready for classes to start up already !! Just got home Saturday night and am so not ready for it all to start again , but oh well ... life goes on , 
On my way to pick my baby chocolate up from the vet !! Poor thing ! Had to go under anesthetic for his teeth 
Waiting for class to start . Working on getting my thoughts together ...... 
At my neighbors and procrastinating doing homework !! lol 
Note to self- it is hard to wake up if you dont get out of bed 
Is so ready for a nap ! 
gonna be an early morning , not use to having to be in bed and awake so early 
Wow 5:45 comes early when u don't fall asleep til 11:30 . I hate mornings :( 
Dear People who are annoying me -- Poor planning on your part doesn't constitute an emergency on my part ! So get off your ass and do something ....... 
Well , I'm down for pretty much the remander of the day , my cars in the shop , and the michanics are taking all my money ....... 
hhmmmmmmm .... What to do .... still waiting for firestone to call and tell me my car is ready ...... 
Had my little bit home for the night !! Oh I've missed him , I've woke up several times petting the pillow behind me where he usually sleeps ! Now he's back keeping his girlfriend company 
How is it that I've spent a good majority of the day cleaning , and my house looks worse then when I started ??? 
I hate waiting , first had to wait over an hr to get blood work done and now have to wait at the SSA . Errr 
Wet t-shirt contest anyone ?? Dogs decided they wanted to go for a long walk while it was raining , and the dog who wanted to go hates the rain !! But it was well worth the walk , cause I found a $5 < PROPMALE > !! Go Me !! :) 
I hate it when I can't sleep 
Woo hoo < PROPFIRST > is home !!! :) 
Lets go Chicago !! Kill those Cowboys !!!! 
Can't wait until basketball season starts , guess I gotta settle for football for the time being . Good job chicago ! 
Can't wait til tomorrow at noon !! I get my__ tattoo !!! 
I'm in the process of gettin my ducks in a row !! 
Women are angels ... and when someone breaks our wings ... we simply continue to fly .. on our broomsticks ... we're flexible like that ! 
I hate transcribing !!! 
Some Americans Rank Same-Sex Partners Lower Than the Dog !! WTF ?? 
\Likes it on the bed \"" 
It's gonna be a good night !! 
I love it when I go to my bank to get cash out with a personal check ( with the bank name on it ) and I'm asked if I have an account there !! Lmao 
I hate it when I sleep to much during the day that I can't sleep at night ! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awarenes ... 93% ... won't copy and paste this because they don't know how to copy and paste 
Woo hoo ! High A on one midterm ! :) 
I'm so F*ing tired of putting money into my car . I don't really have the money to fix it , and I can't afford to get a new one , and the damn machinacs like to screw ppl over .... Errr 
I would love to see my mother put this in her status\ 
\ 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease or a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? .? Promote LOVE & Acceptance , not hate ! 
Working on my Case Study , and dying to know how I did on my midterm on monday . 
WooHoo !! Bulls won ! Even overcame a 21 point deficit !! 
My car is broke down again ! WTF ! How much do I have to put into this thing !!?? 
Yea !! Great great score on my midterm !! 
Ever wonder how after 21 years on the air , < PROPFEMALE > Simpson still crawls and sucks on a pacifier ?? \ 
And if cartoons don't age in their world , how the hell has < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > gotten old enough to have the kids ?? \ 
Woah , I think I need sleep if these are the things I'm questioning 
Thanks everyone for the bday wishes 
Got my car back tonight !! Hope it stops breaking down on me . Thanks < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
Life , what is life ?, Life is life , how much does it cost ? a dollar , well i don't have a dollar , well that's life , Life ... what is life ? Life is life , How much does it cost , a dollar , well I don't have a dollar , well thats life ! Life ......... \ 
Boredom+time = annoying people 
Too early to b awake !! Morning people suck , their all talkative and friendly , and me well , im so not !! 
I feel like an 80 year old today ..... 
lets go bulls ! Man I love basketball season !!! 
Finally ! Finished my transcription !! Now time for some farm work ( farmtown that is !! ) And tomorrow well be time to finish my case study that is due wednesday !! 
Got woke up this morning by my phone going nuts with someone calling over and over , and now am on a \date\ " with a 5 year old little boy who \ " loves me because I got him a megamind toy \"" 
Forgot to bring hw with me , so know I'm bored in between appointments . 
Woo hoo !! Paper for tomorrow is finally done , just have to have someone look over it before I turn it in and explain to me what is wrong with it !! Only have one more homework assignment to turn in before finals ! So ready for the winter break !! 
Well , plans to go to texas when I finish finals on the 8th of Dec , Hope to make it in time for Bri Bri's school play !! 
Woo hoo ! Bulls win in double overtime after being down by 23 and never having the lead til the first overtime !! 
Happy Turkey Day All !! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( 12.6.10 ) there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for VIOLENCE AGAINST CHILDREN 
Woo hoo ! Going to see < PROPMALE > potter !! First time at the movies in years !! 
Movie was AWESOME !! My first time seeing one in IMAX ! it rocked !! 
Woo hoo !! Bulls beat OKC !! 
Shows over , time for the 5 hr drive to texas with my boys . It's Ciscos first trip to < PROPFIRST > !! 
Well trip to tx didn't work , got sick 45 mins from the house and had to turn around . Have to try again still don't feel good , but I feel so bad about missing my BB's and Gabes school christmas program , so am trying to will myself to drive again today regardless , but may have to wait til tomorrow 
On the way to < PROPFIRST > , tx with my parents , sis , and 3 kids , ice skating , carriage rides , and lights !! 
I'm done with family , going back home tomorrow , sorry to all those I didn't get to visit . 
Errr .... farmtown .... work for me , stop screwing up !! 
How do I not break a lil 5 yo boys heart when I'm told by his mom that when he grows up he's gonna marry me , and were going to have 5 kids !! 
Keep my parents and sis . Family in thoughts my parents house was robbed sometime today 
Continue to keep my family in ur thoughts ! Thankfully my nieces and nephew will have a good christmas because none of the christmas presents were taken !! 
Thank you so much members of GABC in < PROPFIRST > !! The main thing my nieces and nephew got stolen in the robbery on Saturday was there Wii and the members of my parents sunday school class at GABC bought them a new one for christmas !! TYSVM !!! :) 
Getting ready to take my neighbor to see the show at mavericks . It'll b her first time . 
Dear Cold weather- I love you , but my car doesn't , if you make my car break down I will be very very very mad 
I'm tired ! My eyes dont wanna stay open . 
Getting ready to brave 71st traffic to take my neighbor shopping ...... the traffic is going to be horriendous 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and happy holidays to all ...... hope everyone had a good day shared with loved ones 
What to do ..... What to do ............... what to do ......... what to do ....... 
Its sad when school is out and I am actually flipping through next semesters books and trying to get a head start on the semester . I should be enjoying the break ! 
Trying to figure out what is going on this weekend ......... 
I'm surprisingly getting excited about the prospect of my bro coming , it's been so many years since I've spent any amount of time with him , but in Jr hi and hi school we were relatively close , so this could be fun , and I get to see my baby girl this weekend !! I'm stoked about that :) 
I am really surprised about my reaction about the potential changes that are going to be happening in my life . This is proof that I am growing not only in my sobriety but as a person as a whole . 
The neighbor i sit w isnt doing good at all , please keep him in ur thoughts 
still awake 
Still taking it all in , I miss < PROPFIRST > , it's just hard to believe he's gone . I send my love and condolences to his family and other loved ones . It's so quiet here with only the tv 
It's my first night back home , 
Well , Dad and bro are about half way here , ( wo my baby girls :( ) Got so much to do , but after the last couple of days don't wanna get outta bed 
I have accomplished nothing today nothing at all 
Can someone please teach my 31 yr old normal functioning brother to brush his teeth ??? 
my brother and I finished laying down vinyl tile in my apartment !! Woo Hoo , 3 days of work is finally done !! :) 
Lets go Bears !! 
I love the snow !!! 
Change in inevitable --- execpt from vending machines ! \ 
Life- I think I'm ready for whatever changes u have in store for me 
This game sucks ! I was so hoping for a good close game , and this sucks 
I need a vacation from my mind ! 
Just when i think life can't get any crazier , I get yet another curve ball 
My boys look < PROPFEMALE > cute !!! I love that my groomer know me and my boys by name ( well she knows me by Chocolates and Ciscos mom , so close enough !! ) 
I freakin love my new xbox 360 w kinect ! It soooo rocks 
My new game is EVIL ..... evil , muscles I didn't know I have are sore ! 
I LOVE snow !! Awesome Awesome Awesome !! This so rocks ! Have seen this much snow since i lived in reno 
So not having a good night 
Sometimes I wish life would just slow down ! This year has been full of challenges , and I want eveything to slow back down ! 
I hate the dentist , 4 hours at the dentist is crazy , it didn't take long to get called back , but it took forever for anything to get done , and I don't wanna get a root cannel 
Much too tired , been a long day . But so stoked that I got my Joekim < PROPMALE > bobble head , and jersey in the mail today 
OMG !! Too much homework ! Wow instant stress just add grad school . 
Well got my research homework done ! Now still transcribing , soap notes , self eval etc for wednesday 
but but but ....... I don't wanna do my homework 
Press like if u HATE to transcribe ! Like like like like like like like like , ok i think u get the point 
Please keep my family in ur thoughts , my aunt got put on hospice and is not expected to make it througg the week , me , my brother and my parents are driving to wisconsin tomorrow , and hoping for a safe trip 
My aunt passed about 4 this afternoon . We r on our way to wisconsin , hoping for an uneventful trip . 
Made it to wisconsin , long trip , but i'm here . Im staying w grandma . Waiting to find out more about Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s services 
There's nothing like spending quality time with my grandma , playing cards for 5-6 hours when i should be doing homework ! Even though grandma can be ur worst nightmare , i do love spending time with her ( when shes in a good mood ) 
My aunts services will be friday . Please keep my family in your thoughts on this dau 
Well on our trip home from wisconsin . Am so flipping behind on homework . The service for my aunt went well , it was great seeing so many family members i hadnt seen in years ! I just wish it was under better cercumstances . 
I love it when my 10 yo neice tells my mother she need to pull over and let me drive cause \gandma cant stay on the road\ " lmao . Its pretty < PROPFEMALE > out ! But kids sure do make ya laugh !! TULSA here we come " 
Home at last ! Not everything is put away but It's semi-organized . Sicker is acting like I've been gone for a year . Cant wait to pick up the boys tomorrow !! :) 
Its far too early to have to be awake and functioning ! 
Woo hoo , finished with like 10 loads of laundry , and now working on homework , gotta love that spring break = catch up on everything I've failed to do during the semester ! 
OMG !!! I just realized .... We sit and stare at a screen .... We have imaginary farms , cities and fake animals . We poke people and its ok ......... OMG we even write on walls . Think about it .... Facebook is a mental hospital .... and we are all patients ..... Feel free to share ... I did !!! LOL 
Grad school is kicking my ass !! 
Omg ! Im so in love with my new wireless printer ! I can even print stuff off my iphone this so rocks 
OMFG : Give me a fucking break 
someone needs to knock dr high and mighty off his pedistool 
Still trying to find another adult that is willing to go to school and let me do the wasi and rat on , err too much stuff to get done , so little time 
So much homework to do , so little time to do it 
Woo hoo ! < PROPFIRST > Rodman's jersey number ( 10 ) is being retired in Detroit tonight !! 5 time NBA champ , the best rebounder ever and defensive player of the year oh and Basketball hall of fame canadite !! WTG Worm !! 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > exhausted and sick of doing homework ! I hope i dont hav to give the wisc for a long long time 
Yum ! Just had the best Choicago deep dish pizza !! < PROPFEMALE > good 
