MOVING TO < PROPFEMALE > SOON . 

Whats on my mind ?... Well the samething thats always on my mind sports , money , sex and pot . That sums it up ;-) 
My name is sooo not watson lmao really need to change that i mean come on what kind of mother names her kid watson :\ > " 
In < PROPFEMALE > . wishing it would stop raining 
Nothing like having the house to your self . You get to do things like cook breakfast nude ;-) makes breakfast taste better lol yum . 
It's a beauty outside today . Going to dinner with my sister and her strange boyfriend pray for me . Lol . Im gonna need a glass of wine :-) 
Much love to the jets they deserve this they have a < PROPMALE > to be great . Lets see what they do with it :-) 
Lust ... There can never be love as long as there is lust . Men have become so over powered by lust that love seems to lose it's meaning . 
Amused . So some bull shit news site started telling people that facebook is shuting down on march 15 and people really got upset ! One guy said \how am i supposed to make friends now\ " . Omg what have we become ?. Does he really think these people are friends the internet has changed the meaning of the word friend . Get a life first then maybe you can get a friend . " 
listening to oldies 
Watching football : - ) 
food 
Shopping gettin something cute for tonight . See you there 
The one night stand is classed as fun\ 
\ 
and secrets are kept well\ 
there is an unsigned agreement\ 
there will be no kiss and tell . \ 
No home address is given , \ 
no personal file is kept , \ 
just memories of a nightime\ 
when two strangers never slept . \ 
In the waking morning\ 
I watch you gather clothes\ 
you are pleasing to the eye\ 
and I am glad it was you I chose . 
Relaxing ........... 
It's sad how people are discriminated against because someone with there skin color or someone of there same religion etc did something wrong . why must everyone pay for someone elses faults doings sins whatever you want to call them . Just plain sad i wanna say what it really is FUC *** but i will keep it PG13 . 
And as the rain falls the wind blows and the temperature drops then so does death appear . Never seen or heard but its touch is everlasting . RIP . < PROPFIRST > C . Reeves . 
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY !!!!! love is in the air . 
well guess i will be celebrating valentines today . I better get something good or i'm ready to sign them papers . lol just kidding i know i will get something good always do i'm spoiled :-) 
getting ready for work :-( 
Running on four hours of sleep and three red bulls supposed to be at a party right now I'm gonna nap first 
Perfect day for a couple Margaritas yum ;-) 
Feeling like getting out the house tonight . Haven't been to < PROPFEMALE > in a while . Could use a good apple martini 
I'm always happy when the heat gets blown out . I wonder if that makes me a hater ;-) 
No we cant be friends . I seen the video nasty . Your mouth prob loose lol . I just Call it how i see it wish i never met ya wouldn't wanna be ya better keep it moving we don't want ya Gonorrhea ... Amused .... 
But really who the fuck cares who was crying in the heat locker room ?. I think we all know it was < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
So I think I'm engaged i didn't say yes yet because i was speechless . And all choked up because it was so cute . I'm scared to say yes so i think i will just say .... not right now . Lol . Lord knows I love him but marriage changes people . 
soooo what should my song of the day be ...... i think i will post two because i didn't post one yesterday ..... not that anyone cares . lol . 
Feeling under the weather which should tell you allot seeing how it's storming out . 
The lies men tell are so foolish . You . Can catch them pants down fucking someone else and they will still look you in the eye and tell you . Its not what it seems . 
Somebody loves you baby ooo somebody loves you baby ..... nothing like listening to < PROPFEMALE > on a rainy day . Missing my boo . 
Feeling blessed got a check in the mail for two thousand and can't figure out the who what or why . I cashed it though no return address guess it was from God 
close game . 
GAME TIME !!!!!!!! 
bored playing sim city 4 ................... 
I hate when bitches mumble shit when i walk by . Somebody pass me the Swiffer so i can mop these < PROPFIRST > ass bitches up ;-) hate to have to slap a hoe on a Sunday AMEN . 
sad it's raining .......... Maybe i should blame Obama . why not he gets blamed for everything else . 
i'm sad i miss my baby ....... he cant see me this week cause he's going out of town .... i need a bottle of wine thats right i'm gonna drink my sorrows away lol . 
