Mrrw . Why don't I use this anymore ? xD 

If my memory is correct , today would be the birthday of a friend I lost touch with years ago ... Seems like I should feel sad , but meh . 
I'm finding that drawing is a better use of my downtime ... You can take 30 mins to put something into it , and get something back . Writing ... well , it can take days/weeks to get where you want to be . x-x I still really want to go down that road though ... 
< PROPFEMALE > glad there's no school today . D: Gym sounded fairly miserable ... 
Doctor's note trumps your school . :3 
Checking status for like , the first time in weeks now . xD My excuse ? I don't have one . :D Yays . 
Chilling cold aside , I think I'm gonna miss the snow and ice . PS : It's funny to watch a car struggle up a hill ; its like a giant mechanical hamster trying to climb a slide . :D 
Cute junk is nice and all , but sometimes you just wanna draw something dark . xD 
Last year , it was looking like I was gonna move to Kentucky for awhile , but never happened ... Now it's a possibilty that I might be joining the other half of my family in TX ... Kyah ... 
Change can be alot to take in . \ 
Anyway , posting this from TX ~ Loving the connection here . :D 
Myeh , I miss yall in TN ... ? D: On the plus side , Disturbed . :3 Awesome band . 
For the record , Dead Space is freaking awesome . xD ... No , the movie . :3 Though the game was awesome too . 
Ever have one of those moments where you just turn over how great it is to be human ? xD Even the bad stuff can be taken as a blessing sometimes . \ 
~ Too much to life to hate it . 
Too little sleep ... :D On the plus side , I'm kinda happy about making progress con aprendo español . 
Some days just naturally suck ... D: Hopefully the things I've been thinking about are just due to my mood ~ 
Wuf . Got a new mp3 player as an early b-day prezzi . x3 Courtesy of my college-bro . Nyahaha , it's awesome . ^-^ 
Drawing for people ... It's something I really like to do , but it's kinda depressing when you feel like they don't care . D: Suppose that's what I get for putting myself into something for strangers . 
Anyways , today's been great . :3 My mom's BF hurt himself preparing a barbaque for the family , kinda also as a special thing in honor of my birthday . He also ended up giving me a huge chunk of breast meat , the only boneless piece of the group . I feel cared about ~ 
Thinking about it , drawing might be one of my ways to get to know people . :3 
Pokemon Black and a book on drawing furries . :3 Awesome stuff this year ~ ! :D 
I'm thinking ... You can't let other people be the ones to make you happy , it has to come from your own heart . 
Every now and then I dream about < PROPFIRST > , or a few people there ... ' xD 
Just finished watching How to Train Your Dragon ... Kinda sad , but it gives me ideas . D: Sucks that I have homework ~ 
School wasn't as overwhelming when you had friends to look forward to seeing ... ' x3 Life rolls on though , just have'ta follow it regardless .. 
Early morning ... Just got out of the shower , and it's over an hour before people start waking up . Feels good . :D 
Frustrated with school ... Maybe I should go stand out in the rain . ' xD 
