it's been a long day ..... 

gettin ready for tech camp !! 
Tech Camp !!! b back in 3 days 
I'm back from tech !! 
takin ' it easy this weekend 
band 9-3 vball 4-7 it's gonna b a long week ... 
so i'm pretty sure band camp puts me in a good mood everyday :) 
pool party at logans was awesome !! 
lake then vball at 3 
shopping tomm !!....... then vball at 3 ....... then swimming ...... not cuz i want to ..... cuz i have to ...... 
swimming wasn't all to bad ... haha 
vball at 3 
i love life :) 
stick ur hand in my back pocket light me up like a bottle rockt i just want to free fall for awhile :) 
a lil ' nervous bout tomm . haha 
school was good ... hopefully tomm . will be tha same . :) 
pumped about thurdays game ! 
ahhhhh ..... i feel very good right now . pumped about sat . night 
bed , prac . at 6:30 , parade right after that , nap then haunted house !!! yay 
excited bout haunted house tonight . and i absolutely love marching band !! 
wish it wasn't raining :( 
< PROPMALE > tomm . 
If anybody would like to order a ( on front ) \We Still Pray ... \ " \ " In The Name of Jesus\ " ( on back ) contact < PROPFIRST > DeBoard or u can contact me . They will b $8 and the money is going to b taken up monday Sept . 21 . " 
beat sullivan east !... < PROPFIRST>'s next ! mwahahahaha 
I need a secretary . either that or I need to slow down 
game got canceled . chillin at tha house . :) 
Pack tha House Monday against Central !!!! Be there !!!! 
we lost . i was pissed . i've vented . and now i'm over it . it's just a game . 
We Still Pray Shirts are coming in today !!! They will be handed out Wed . at the Crossroads Community Center at around 5:00 
Proud to be a Christian ! 
i love fall :) 
car show then a corn maze !! 
men's vball is officially my fav . sport 
football game tomm .! Might take on the mighty river with my jeep ... peer pressure is killer . haha 
vball , band competition , then maybe a corn maze 
stayin ' at home and doing homework ... :( 
Yeah ! I can't wait ! I miss you too < PROPFIRST > ! Wat happened to ur ear ? 
P90X , studying for 9 weeks tests , then one of my favorite places in the world .... bed 
practicing my 12 two octave scales that i have to memorize b4 the begining of november 
Senior night was amazing ! thank u underclassmen !! 
it's Football Time in Gate City !! 
cookout and then maybe going to see paranormal activity ! 
so i didn't get to see paranormal activity but zombieland was a cute movie 
home catching up on my to do list 
homework is a necessary evil ... ugh 
paranormal activity is a gooooood movie . :) its a good thing i don't have long fingernails cuz i would have cut < PROPMALE>'s arm . haha 
school then vball 
So I just spent 2 hours and 15 < PROPFEMALE > . workin ' on calculus . 
guess wat ? i have move calculus homework ... :( the weekend is alomost here ! 
got my halloween costume :) had fun shopping for it . bahahaha 
i hate calculus :( 
i'm so tired ........ 
We are regular season district champs ! woohoo . senior night tomm . at football game :) 
So senior night was awesome !! I love marching band 
disappointed that i'm disappointed over something so stupid . 
this week's gonna b awesome ! I can feel it ... 
awesome game tonight ! i love my teamates ! hazasco !!! 
Big game tonight ! < PROPFIRST > Battle's goin down mwahahahahaha ... 
We won !! I love my teamates ! 
Prayers go out to victims at Ft . Hood . 
I wish it was summer again ... I think i'm gonna move somewhere one day where it's warm all the time and close to the beach ... 
Evanescence has one of the greatest voices i've ever herd ... end of story 
Radford ?? pshhhhhhttt .... 
Richmond !!! wow i'm gonna be so behind in calculus and chemistry :( 
BACK TO BACK STATE CHAMPIONS !!!! 
contemplating ... I need to b more self-disciplined 
ohhh food ... y must u taste so good ?? 
my last year of chair tryouts baby !!! woohoo 
Curitosity is gonna get tha best of me :) 
Calculus is no fun ... and I better not have to take it in college ! 
Got my hair cut ! I love it . layin ' around until the Christmas Parade 
Got home at 3 last night . haha . Pretty much finished Mr. Lake's and Froggy's gift :) I'm so proud of all us band seniors . and thanks to < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > for coming to help 
takin ' a very hard chemistry test :( ... then my last chair tryouts ... :) 
did good in chair tryouts ! overall okay day i guess 
doing calculus and wrapping christmas gifts ... 
christmas concert was tonight . it was amazing !! i love Mr. Lake and Mr. Flemming ! 
three more days and i'm half way done with high school career :) 
Calculus final tomorrow ... pray for me :( 
I'm pretty sure I just had the best idea in the whole entire world !! 
ok so about that calc . test ... yeah it took me 3 and half hours ... I think I did ok . haha I'm done with math for the year !!!! 
school today and then it's supposed to pour the snow ... so i'm not makin ' any plans 
snowed in , but lukcily I have a great book to read :) 
snowed in , but luckily I have a great book to read :) 
ahhhhh ! I want to pull my hair out , I hate playing the waiting game 
I have internet !!!! 
goin ' to the gym and checking out < PROPFIRST > Q's new apartment ! 
I really hope we go to school tomorrow . I don't want to get out in June !! 
ohhh high school i'm ready for u to be over :) 
today is one of those days where you just feel like crap for no reason . gah I hate feeling like this :( 
reading Burned by < PROPFEMALE > Hopkins , then workin out I guess 
since my parents r gonna keep me locked up in this house all day i guess im goin to work on an essay for shockley's class ... I hate being told wat to do arghhh 
got my essay for Schockley done !!! 
i'm so bored :( 
Endorphins are my Kryptonite :) 
Endorphins are my Vice haha :) 
school's out ... again ... 
music is a beautiful thing 
just got done writing my Shockley essay again cuz I didn't do it right the first time .... very frustrating 
startin my 18th year off right ;) 
thanks everybody for the bday wishes ! out to eat with my mommy , to the doctor , then off to the Y ! 
well we r on a 2hr . delay tomorrow ... and so life goes on :( 
in a better mood today . haha today is gonna b a good day :) 
The hand you hold the longest is your own 
please pray for < PROPMALE > gardner :'( 
i'm in such a good mood ! words just can't describe my status right now 
sad my three day weekend has came to an end ... 
shew it's been a long day .... 
is it bad that i'm getting excited about playing vball at the YMCA cuz i miss it so much ?? haha 
just got done taking a cycling class at the Y , it kicked my butt , but i'm feeling good ! 
\dreams are a wish your heart makes\ " :) " 
if dreams are a wish your heart makes ... then I must be demented . bahaha gotta love nightmares 
I hope mass prayer at 8:30 will help < PROPMALE > ... shoot it don't have to be 8:30 to pray for him . pray for him right now ! 
finished drawing my poster for english now just have to color it ... ugh . i'm so not creative . haha 
lovin ' life :) 
so i'm hoping that we will get let out early , so that way we still get out of school but doesn't count against us . :) but i don't want to lose power :( 
i love facebook quizes . haha 
snow please go away I don't want to catch cabin fever 
watching miss < PROPFEMALE > 
rah-rah-ah-ah-ah < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > -ma gaga , ooh la la want your bad < PROPFEMALE > nce :) 
rah-rah-ah-ah-ah < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > -ma gaga , ooh la la want your bad < PROPFEMALE > nce ;) 
Shockley essay ... Your goin ' down !!! 
Well boys and girls , my Shockley essay is complete , except for a few minor details that I need to ask Coach Shockley about . ha 
shew ... i'm so tired 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
homecoming game ; vball tournament with my best friend < PROPFEMALE > !! 
had a great weekend , now back to school ... ugh 
back from the Y now bout to study for Shockley's test that is on wed . ha kinda hope it snows :) 
I really really really hope we r out of school tomorrow ... I have a Shockley test and a test on the Canterburry Tales ! 
< PROPFIRST > County Schools are out !! that means an extra day to study for me . Yay !!... seriously 
state pic . maybe ... then gym 
speachless .... 
speechless 
it's gonna be a rough day at school tomorrow ... the whole community is behind the Fugate and Ramey families 
So < PROPFIRST > and Isolde is my favorite movie , and it came on yesterday ... so i watched it ... it was amazing :) ahh 
Vancouver Olympics 2010 !! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s wedding then south game :) exciting day . wear pink tonight r.i.p. < PROPFIRST > ... keep praying for < PROPMALE > as well as < PROPMALE > 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day !! 
had my best < PROPFIRST>'s Day yet :) 
i'm sooo tired .... 
so i got A LOT done today . i'm very happy . haha 
bye bye spring break 
going to the tanning bed , then tha gym , get to see my friend < PROPMALE > ! and we r def . taking pilates . bahaha 
well I feel sick ... Idk wat's wrong with me ... :( 
it's the simple things that matter in life :) 
I want to live a life that is simple ... all I need is God , family , friends , and music ... and i'm set to go 
yay ! no school ! 
goin to run with my bff < PROPFEMALE > in the morning ! then to the library to get some books for a research paper ... ugh 
very very very tired .... 
Hey guess wat ?... I'm a Lady Tornado !!! 
workin ' on Shockley's research paper ... 
Yay !! My computer is fixed !!! 
gah ... I want to be in college already 
wow something just made my day ... ;) 
I've found a way to steal the sun from tha sky . Long live that day when I decided to fly from the inside . :) 
I've realized how much I miss spending time with my family 
God is so great ... Great doesn't even begin to describe him 
well my phone died on me today so if u texted or called , i didn't get it ... 
Hope everybody has a Happy Easter ! 
wow I really don't want to go to school tomorrow ... but hangin ' with the freshman afterwards ! 
\I won't quit to become someone's old lady . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Joplin " 
sooo .... would anyone be interested in going to Capone's with me to see Sick Puppies ?? 
I need some inspiration . I feel like i'm just goin ' through the motions :( 
Today is gonna be a good day ;) 
I'm feelin ' some exercise comin ' on 
so i haven't done anything productive today and i've watched movies all day . wow i feel lazy 
I think it's time for a change , and this time I'm gonna stick with it ! 
I live . I ride . I am . JEEP 
soooo today isn't gonna go exactly as i planned , kinda bummed , but hey i've waited this long wat's a couple more days right ? 
All County tomorrow !! I'm so excited . :) 
I hate shopping !!! 
all county concert today then bball in God's country . hahaha 
( sigh ) here begins another week 
Shockley test tomorrow ... :'( 
I am soooo ready for some HOT weather , the beach , and the pool etc ... Hopefully going tubing this Sunday if it doesn't rain . :) 
I'm sooo tired ... can't wait for the weekend 
have u ever had one of those days where you just don't want to talk to anybody ? it's nothing anybody did but ur just like , ughhh get away ! 
i have no idea what i'm going to do today 
really really tired . but looking forward to this week :) 
i was lookin ' forward to this week ... but it hasn't started out so well 
< PROPMALE > Whitt just made my day better ! 
I LOVE VOLLEYBALL !!! 
It's amazing how music can move your soul . When a song runs through your body like electricity , and you can feel it going through every nerve in your body ... you know it's a BEAUTIFUL work of < PROPMALE > . 
Excited bout tonight , but I hate being rushed to get ready ! 
I really really really hope it doens't rain today 
yep it's official ... I want to become a beach volleyball player 
So I really need to get started on my english research paper .... but i really really really don't want to ... haha 
Happy cinco de mayo ! 
running in the Times News track meet today ... this should be interesting . haha 
Had a great day today ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all of the moms , especially my mommy :) , and all of the expecting ones ! 
I feel the heat comin ' off of the black top/ And it makes me want it more/ Because I'm hyped up , outta control/ If it's a fight I'm ready to go/ I wouldn't put my money on the other guy/ If you know what I already I know - Sick Puppies 
I am done with my english paper !!!! yay me ! to bad im gonna sleep all day tomorrow during class . haha 
just a couple more weeks ... I can see the light at the end of the tunnel 
gah ... why am I up this early ? 
Wow , Oprah Winfrey is def . one of my heros 
very happy right now :) 
:) ... thats all i can say 
wow I so thought we had two more weeks left , i was wrong , we have 3 weeks left plus a day . but thats counting days after awards day ... 
can't wait till the weekend :) 
i'm just gonna stay home today , relax and work on homework . haha . not going to the gym 
I love endorphins !! 
the little pac man thing on google is awesome ! you can actually play it ! 
heading to < PROPMALE>'s house for the weekend :) 
lovin ' life right now 
So I went to open gym at < PROPMALE > today , and it was awesome ! 
8 more days , including today , gah i wish it would hurry 
love workin ' out 
so so so happy :) thanks to Mr. Whitt 
I can't wait till next weekend ! :) 
Going to the lake tomorrow with Chels and laying out of school ! ohhh yeahhh 
ok so i didn't go to the lake cuz it's supposed to rain ... but i still left early anyways . haha 
sang in the talent show today came in third !! 
Last day of highschool ! Summer 2010 here I come ! 
Going to the lake tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > !! then goin ' shopping , hopefully it won't put me in a bad mood . haha 
I can't decide if I want to go shopping today or not ... 
watching Dear < PROPFIRST > :) 
Is it to much , or to cheesy , for a girl to ask why can't a love story like one of the < PROPMALE > Sparks books happen to her ?? 
graduation tonight ... wow I remember the days when I just wanted to make it to the sixth grade . haha 
bball in God's country 
I love being able to stay up late and not having to worry about getting up early :) 
had a great time today !! 
watching < PROPFEMALE > and Nigeria play some hard core soccer . Go < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
headed to the Y in a bit to get the laziness out 
Going to band rehersal . < PROPMALE > , OH I don't think you're ready for the GC Band ! 
Road Trip !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a blast on the band trip . I'm gonna miss all of you guys and Mr. Lake especially :'( 
\Music is a safe kind of high\ " - Jimi Hendrix " 
Let's go USA !!! 
\The less you know the more you believe\ " - Bono " 
Just got back from relay for life . Had a great time ! now im gonna get a few hours of asleep , run some errands , and hit the gym ! 
Happy Father's Day God :) I love you 
open gym this morning , doctor's appointment about my wisdom teeth ..., then more open gym !! haha 
Lesson for the day : Rely solely on God's power and you will make it through anything . Don't rely on yourself , in the long run you will ultimately fail . 
GOAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
well ... getting my wisdom teeth cut out today . So not to much on the ole to do list . haha 
yummm mashed potatoes 
I am sooooo bored ! 
escaped from the house and went to the gym even though i wasn't supposed to ... hehe 
off to play bball in God's country :) 
i wish i had more self-discipline ... i hate sweets ... grrr 
busy busy day 
midnight starts the hard romancing/1 o'clock the truck is rockin/2 is coming still no stoppin/Break to check the clock at 3/They're right on where they wanna b/4 o'clock get up get goin/5 o'clock that rooster's crowing ... love me some < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I wish I could go to sleep 
shew I just don't know anymore , i wish i could straighten my thoughts out 
thank you < PROPMALE > Kinkead for talking some sense into me !! haha 
\I believe that instinct is what makes a genius a genius\ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
I LOVE SPORTS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Music is best written by tortured souls 
I am sooo bored 
Ran the 8K this morning with Nate , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > ! So proud of Nate and < PROPFIRST > . excited about tonight , heading to Fitz fest !!! 
Fitz Fest was awesome as usual , fireworks were amazing !!!! and I am extremely happy :) 
cookout at < PROPFEMALE>'s! then bball in God's country 
\You are not what you own . \ " - Fugazi " 
Gettin ' ready for the All < PROPFEMALE > Games !! Go West side !! So thankful that I have AWESOME friends . :) 
just got back from all < PROPFEMALE > games ! it was fun . had a good time with the SW VA girls ! glad to be home though 
is going to have to bust butt at the gym !! 
gonna run the 8k again this morning , then getting a pedicure !, then going to < PROPFEMALE > garden and a movie with < PROPFIRST > :) its gonna be a good day ! 
had a great day , very busy day , but got to spend it with some very important people :) love my best friend < PROPFIRST > ! and had a great time with < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 
welp ... I just took a three hour nap 
\If I die young bury me in satin\ 
thank you < PROPMALE > kilgore for jump starting my truck !!! 
isn't feeling to well . I hope im not getting sick !! 
going to the gym ! then playing some bball 
going to watch eclipse with my momma :) its a tradition we have we've been to see every twilight movie together 
any ideas on what me and < PROPFEMALE > could do tomorrow ? we are trying to come up with stuff but its so hard cuz it seems there is nothing to do around here ! ur suggestions would be much appreciated :) 
running in the crazy 8's 8k !! then playing co-ed vball in the morning @ 8 ... shew 
Crazy 8's was amazing LOVED the atmosphere , I am once again reminded of how many GREAT friends I have ! Way to go Nate and < PROPFIRST > !! 
sooo played outdoor vball today through the sun and the rain . now im really tired , and really burnt . 
I love the rain :) 
gym then vball 
so I need a running < PROPMALE > to run with me , nate , and < PROPFIRST > through kingsport tomorrow night ... any takers ?? 
so my jeep should be fixed by today !!!! and it cost way less than what i thought it was going to ! yes !!! 
gettin ' ready to go to the gym ... story of my summer . haha 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a challenge for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses youget ... or lack thereof . ( This could get interesting . ) 
taste of the tri-cities then zac brown band concert !!! 
zac brown band concert was awesome ! their music gives me a whole new appreciation for life in the south and our military ! 
......... 
Anybody who knows my taste in music feel free to suggest songs that I should download !! please :) 
headed to the gym ... i love the rain :) 
.......... :'( 
just got my first college textbook !! yay ! i know im a nerd I take pride in it . haha 
shew !!! I am tired ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , gets her name & face all over the news because she went to jail . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , 23 and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are all Marines that gave their lives for you this week . Please Honor THEM by reposting . 
going to the lake with < PROPFEMALE > !!! hope i don't get too burnt haha 
sooo I am officially in love with jet skis :) 
\I get my best ideas in a thunderstorm . I have the power and majesty of nature on my side . \ " - < PROPMALE > Steadman " 
well ... im bored 
watchin ' jersey shore . gah im so glad im not like those girls 
had a pretty productive day today ! 
gettin ' ready to head to the gym then ballin ' @ TS !! 
There's a storm comin ' that the weather man couldn't predict , \ 
I start to ball prick you better flee cuz i get ticked 
At the age of 18 it has been made very clear to me what I was put on this Earth for . Now whether or not I do it , or more importantly how I do it , is up to me ... 
I can't wait to go to college !!! 
Jersey Shore !! 
busy busy day !! 
\Go get ya crew to hype ya up stand behind you like whoooooo !! \ 
all moved into the dorm . ran my mile today in 6:48 ! gettin ' ready to go to church and then off to our retreat !! 
sooo im pretty sure ive gotten in over my head but in a great way !! I can't wait for season to begin 
drill from hell .... 
getting ready to roll newspapers . ooooohhhh yeahhh plus this will be my first nascar race ever 
made it through my first nascar race working concessions ... 
wow is all i can say 
i think i just found my new summer workout . crossfitt ! 
had a great time tonight with my team !! :) 
I wished I would have played better .... 
ate waaayyyy to much tonight . those monster cookies were sooo good . haha 
just got my new laptop . woot woot ! 
had a great time today with launch ! 8am practice in the morning ... yay haha 
i love this place 
thank the lord for cables . i have internet ! yay ! 
Be still , be silent , and listen carefully amidst the loving presence of the one who created the universe . ( Psalm 46:10 ) 
going to class then leaving for the limestone tournament ! ow-owwww !!!! 
i love volleyball :) back in GC for rest of the weekend and doing homework . 
the weather is beautiful today ! I love fall . to bad im stuck inside doing homework ... 
is heading home :) 
facebook is so distracting 
< PROPMALE > Tornado def . dominated Montreat tonight :D 
R.I.P. Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . I'm gonna miss you ... 
is so proud of her vball team . we went undeafeated at our tournament !! \ 
R.I.P. Aunt < PROPFEMALE > 
For tho ' from out our bourne of Time \ 
and Place\ 
The flood may bear me far , \ 
I hope to see my Pilot face to face\ 
When I have crossed the bar 
roids make me antsy . i need to stop and b confident with how strong i am right now ... : / 
home game today !!!!!!!!!!! 
skype is awesome 
i miss < PROPFEMALE > simpson :( 
coffee is my new best friend :) 
packing for D.C. !!! 
shew im a mess today . haha im running around like a chicken with my head cut off 
I hate spanish !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bring it on Tusculum we're waitin for ya ... 
So um i'm really tired , coffee is my life source rigth now , and I have a Spanish test 
V.I. tomorrow ! I love game days 
why am I so messed up ?? I mean I know everybody has their probs . don't get me wrong i don't think the world revolves around me , but gah ... I can honestly say I can't wait until that day that I get to see His face and there will be no more problems , no more pain . That very thought is like the breath of life 
a good long run is what i need 
running = endorphins = me in good mood 
not looking forward to leadership class . on the other hand I get to see my BEST FRIEND today :) 
Just got an A on my paper and finished my presentation ... get to see my BEST FRIEND it's gonna be a good day :D 
I feel so selfish when I think about how much I stress over the things of this earth , when really none of it matters ... Just give it all to God . 
going to Pennsylvania for the weekend ! I get to see New York for the first time 
Atlanta Bread Company ... yummmm :) 
im so bored ... 
We just won our second tournament !! and we beasted 
up and at it going to brooklyn tabernacle church . their choir is famous and i can't wait to hear them ! 
Game Day Baby ! 
im bored ... 
I am sooo ready for the weekend 
so i don't even know what to think about today . I've had my ups and downs all day but overall it was a good experience and to sum it all up God is absolutely amazing and I have never meant that phrase more than when I am saying it now 
is feeling GREAT today :) 
goin ' off one hour of sleep and goin ' strong ! ohhh yeahhh 
hmmm ... it's time for a change , actually it's way over due 
yummmm peanut butter :) 
movies like Steel Magnolias and Gone With the Wind make me glad I live in the South :) 
doing a pussycat doll dance workout with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! woohoo 
GAME ON ! 
working on presentation for leadership ... \ 
:( i'd rather be doing something else 
i love my best friend < PROPFEMALE > spivey :) 
hoootiiee hooooooo !!!!...... run for cover 
\someone get me a priest/to put my mind to rest/this beating in my head/is this a cure or is this a disease\ " Audioslave " 
today has been a great day so far . can't wait to see my my best friend < PROPFEMALE > simpson !!! 
Can't wait for the weekend , its what gets me through every week . haha 
two more weeks till thanksgiving break !!! 
did both of my presentations and turned in my research paper ... I feel sooooo much better now . Happy Veteran's Day ! 
today has been a great day ! 
I love < PROPMALE > Potter !! It puts me in the mood for christmas 
< PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!! i miss you too ! and i wsh so bad that i could make it but i have practice at 6 ... is umm wats his name gonna be there ? you know the really hot guy from vt ? haha anyways good luck ! u can do it ! 
I can't wait unitl break ! 
< PROPMALE > volleyball plays Tennessee < PROPFEMALE > at 9am and Asbury at 5pm on friday ! come out and cheer us on please :) 
Pleaseput this as your status if you know or \ 
are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under \ 
siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order\ 
brings unity , but the Death Eaters continue to < PROPMALE > division and \ 
hatred . Over 50 citizens died in the ........ terrorist attack against Hogwarts . 93% \ 
... of people wont repost this . Repost this if you support Dumbledore's \ 
Army . 
one game down three to go 
two games down two to go 
we are going to florida for nationals !! 
not knowing what the future holds ... makes me ancy 
I would get up at 2 in the morning and not be able to go back to bed ... 
I want to go run ! All this talk of turkey trots and 5k's im jealous ... but i'm sooo thankful for everything , I would make a list , but it would take up way to much room . HAPPY THANKSGIVING !! 
ugh ... whatever 
I hate not knowing ... 
I met the nicest older man on the plane . I love meeting new people :) 
friendship and conversation are two of the most valuable gifts you can give 
I want break to be here sooo bad !! two more days of classes , three exams , and I am DUN ! 
7 : Well I've known you for a little over a year or so now , and from what i've seen you are an amazing guy . You are a man of Christ and you are a great friend . I know that you would be there for me if I ever needed anything . You are a very PASSIONATE person . haha . that isn't always a bad thing though . I don't know what's going to happen in the future but I guess we will find out soon enough ... God Bless !! 
10 : You are an awesome guy ! I've known you for the first semester of my freshman year and you were always so nice to me . thank you . whenever I think of you I will always think of cycling . haha . 
Good Luck GC !!! GO BIG BLUE !! 
Way to bring it home Devils ! Congrats !! GC football state champs 2010 
study study study .... 
first semester of my college career is finished :) 
I'm home !!! 
not going to the gym ... so I guess working out in my room will have to do 
I just thought of something ... I haven't wrapped any of my Christmas presents , and I don't want to ... u think wal-mart bags would be acceptable ? haha 
:) 
class at the ymca this morning kicked my butt ! 
Hope everyone has a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! It's the first white one we've had in awhile . 
“Live for the iron and the fresh air . Punish your body to protect your soul . Only acts undertaken with commitment have meaning . Only your best effort matters . Life is a meritocracy , with death as the auditor . Inconsistency , incompetence and lies are all cut short by that final word . Death will change you if you can’t change yourself . ” 
\I found a way to steal the sun from the sky\ 
can't wait for 2011 to get here . i'm ready for a new year 
im in the mood to get out and do something crazy 
this is getting old ... 
I can't wait to get back to < PROPMALE > ! 
The hand you hold the longest is your own ... 
I love running :) it makes me feel better 
Can't wait to go back to < PROPMALE > so I can get out of this freakin house 
well pretty much done packing . I must say it didn't take as long as I thought it would , but the beast has been tackled . 
I hate it when I'm vulnerable 
Why do I always long for what I can't obtain ? 
so i don't know whats goin ' on right now but whatever it is i don't like it at all :( 
I don't know what to do ... I'm just gonna quit trying 
Today is gonna be a good day :) 
1-0 for the No Names woot woot 
So I need one of those time turner's that Hermoine had 
Here we go , come with me\ 
there's a world out there that we should see 
whatever ... 
I drive an army jeep , my bumper sticker reads , drink till he's cute , that's what I'm gonna do , ain't got no serious thing , don't wear no < PROPFEMALE > ring , I got a new tattoo I think you'll like the view :) 
Had an absolutely wonderful day , thanks to all of awesome friends :) 
Doin ' work ! 
starting anew tomorrow ! yay !!! 
I can't wait to get started with the rest of my life :) 
ran 5 < PROPMALE > would have liked to have done more , but a busy schedule only allows so much 
6 
is finished with bridge to terabithia !!! 
goodnight :) 
well i can't go to sleep ... 
I have no idea ... I'm just kind of here right now , ever felt like that ? haha 
sleep :) 
All my life I've been good but now , I'm thinking what the hell 
so just found out that my dad got an australian sheperd ! I have wanted one my whole entire life ! 
man ... ive been missing out ! haha 
SELF-CONTROL 
Penn State plyometrics ... no wonder they are so good 
I do not want to go back to school this week . If I could go just to play volleyball and dodgeball ... i'd be happy 
today is going to be a good day :) 
What a beautiful day :) 
I do not want to do jump training ... 
please pray for my family ... just received bad news about my papaw , looks like he's got a little less than a year to live 
I love cake boss 
things could get interesting ... hmmmm 
it's crazy how one can bring out the best in you just by being themselves :) 
I don't want to waste time living on the outside , I'm gonna live from the inside out 
praying for all of the vitctims of this earthquake/tsunami . it's unfolding on the news right before my eyes 
it's been a great weekend :) 
get to hangout with my BEST FRIEND < PROPFEMALE > Spivey !!! 
Never thought I'd be like this about somebody 
Life is soooo goood :) so greatful for everything I have . Thank you God for the good times and the bad . Without the bad I wouldn't realize how the great the good really is . 
Had a great time this weekend :) 
so cold mountain is such a good movie . and < PROPFIRST > white is quickly becoming one of my favorite artists 
My boyfriend is simply amazing :) 
well i have a goal , and i WILL reach it ! self discipline is key , something i have problems with sometimes ... 
