Ho boy . Already one of my distant and very nosy relations has tracked me down and tried to add me as a friend . DO NOT WANT . This person is a huge gossip and I don't want my life splattered all over the rest of the family willy-nilly like that . 

Caffeine isn't helping . Quick , get the jumper cables ! 
The Amazing < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > came out of the closet today . I'm happy and my estimation of him just shot through the roof . But I wonder what prompted this . < PROPFEMALE > is 81 , a cancer survivor , and the father of the modern Skeptic movement . 
My horoscope today in the Seattle Times actually said to add a tea party to my day . What . The . Everloving . FFFFFFFUUUUUU --- ?! Sorry . I'm too Liberal to be joining anyone's Teabagger Convention , thankyouverymuch . :) 
I would join the Coffee Party but I don't like coffee . Besides , I'm a black sheep . Or rather I should say a lone wolf . I don't color inside the lines , to mix a whole lot of metaphors . :) 
I love how they put faces of people too attractive to be single on a singles ' website ad . What you see : beautiful & young . What you get : ugly & desperately horny . 
Ouch . Never cross an angry/scared rat who has a different opinion on cooperation than you . * hiss * He just had to scratch me in the right area where using a computer mouse would hurt worse ! 
First attempt at Democracy 2 : I'm an EPIC Liberal , apparently . I overspent my way out of office . LOLz ! 
Mother of Damnation , I forgot what I was about to type here ! Senility ... it's the ... Oh , look ! A < PROPFEMALE > ! * squee * 
Some people complain that < PROPFEMALE > s have thorns . Others are grateful that thorns have < PROPFEMALE > s . As for me , I'm glad to be far away from any kind of < PROPFEMALE > bush right now . :) 
Hey , you can't not vote for a rat for public office . That's discrimination ! 
There is clear , salty fluid seeping from my pores . What is this ? Sweat ? What is that ?! 
I think Kenshi may be depressed . He's done little more than live in that tissue-box apartment for days now . :( I need to find more time with him . 
I don't want to go to bed on a sad note , so here's your half-daily bit of randomness : Liquid FEEM . That is all . :) 
D'oh . Just realized that I don't want * all * my Twitter posts to go on my Facebook wall . I'm a lot more frisky on Twitter than here , esp . since I've got family on Facebook ! 
Oh . Just realized there's a difference between a News Feed and a Wall Post . :/ I'm a Facebook noob . 
Very little pisses me off more than hipocrisy . How someone living in the lap of luxury can sit there & tell everyone else they're wrong for not believing in poverty . ( See my blog for more . ) 
Wait . Is \unlike\ " now a verb ? " 
Currently wearing my rats . Kenshi is shirt-spelunking while Ryu is riding \shotgun\ " on my shoulders . Vice-President Ryu is very active . He's trying to climb down to the computer & type ! " 
Well , created my first sim on Sims 3 . < PROPFIRST > . He's an evil loner who's a bookworm . Hates children . Monday is his lucky day . < PROPMALE > imitates real life sometimes , eh ? 
Valerian < PROPMALE > is wonderful for helping you to fall asleep and stay asleep all night long . However , I've noticed one side effect : It leaves me with a deep feeling of ennui the day after . Life is but woe ! 
Brain is scrambled . Read the Mafia Wars ad as : \Bored ? Kill someone . \ " It's supposed to say \ " Kill some time . \ " Lord . I think I'm becoming a psychopath . \ " HERE'S JOHNNY ! \"" 
Ok , so I listed myself as single . That makes it okay for Failbook to smatter all my webpages with singles dating ads ? What if I don't WANT to look at \happy\ " couples snogging on the beach ? " 
< PROPFEMALE > on . I thought the term \to spank a monkey\ " was a euphemism for masturbation . Erm ... " 
Awake , although not entirely . Had to take antihistamine to get to sleep , then was rudely woken up when my trachea closed up again . :( Mine is not a happy life . 
Don't let the candle burn out It's raining , it's raining , it's raining a lot ( Currently listening to Sleepthief's \Labyrinthine Heart \")" 
In case anyone should happen to care , I'm having kind-of a bad day . I'm slowly realizing that I feel very dead inside . Apathetic . But I don't really care . I'm going to bed since it's the only thing to look forward to . If I don't choke again . 
Living with a persistent headache is a bit like trying to live in an area of the world where there's been an ongoing 4.0 magnitude earthquake for the last 6 months . Nobody knows why it's happening and nothing you do can stop it . :( 
Qwest lied . They told me they'd start my AutoPay in June . They just stole $55 from me . So not only did I get to pay double rent this month , I also paid double phone < PROPMALE > too ! * seething with rage * 
That's adorable . If you have animals on your farm in Farmville , you pet them , they'll jump for joy and little hearts will float up from their heads . Aww ! I've got a chicken and a sheep on my rice farm . ( You knew I'd grow rice ! It's for my curry ! ) 
Mayhap I best be off to slumber ? I have been awake nearly 21 hours . I suppose after sleeping 20 the previous ... night ? day ? ( whatever ! ) I have earned a few extra hours of wakefulness . To sleep ! Perchance to dream a little dream ... :) 
I'm up but not necessarily awake this early A.M. After having got less than 5 hours of sleep , it seems like my body is conspiring to keep me awake against my will . I have fibromyalgia . It's a pain in the arse . 
Ok , Internet Exploder , you don't always have to be on top . Quit hijacking my computer experience ! If I want you in the background , STAY THERE , DAMMIT ! 
Saw a vehicle with a bumpersticker that said : Liberalism is a mental disorder . Of course , this vehicle was a pickup truck driven by a fat white guy who obviously smokes way too many cigarettes . ;) 
Excuse me , but I won't be checking into Facebook for a little while . I'm going off to sob quietly in a dark corner somewhere . 
Hey , Metro employees ! You can't say anything , yea or nay , about religion or God whilst driving a bus ! There's a thing called the Establishment Clause . It sucks * I know , but it's the law . * By the way , that was sarcasm ... it's a VERY good law , in my opinion . 
Rats ! R-A-A-A-ATS ! Oh , yeah , forgot . They're my pets . Ohaio , Kenshi . Ohaio , Ryu . :D 
Why does Failbook chat keep giving me false-positives ? It keeps saying one of my friends is online and available to chat , but when I expand the window , there's no one on ! Liar ! 
Honestly , Jesus , you didn't have to do that . I've never knowingly killed anyone . I've never stolen anything valued over $2 . I have lied but only where doing so would not cause great harm . I just try to live a good life , be kind to others and obey the law of the land . Really , there was no reason to offer yourself as a sacrifice for me . I was born okay the first time . :) 
Kenshi is definitely the glutton . He's asleep in the empty treats cup of their food bowl . Ryu again shot me the WTF look when I checked in on them . He hates being woken up . Like father , like ... pets ? 
BREAKING NEWS : < PROPFIRST > the Chirp goes apoplectic after human explains what an \egg hunt\ " is . " 
Damn ! Anyone seen my brothers today ? 
Wellp , looks like the corporations score another one . The court just threw out the FCC and ' net neutrality . Bottom line : if you are doing business with Comcast , GET OUT NOW . 
Sadly , today's been chock full of typos for me . Either my brain is going through meltdown or I'm becoming dyslexic . Or , I'm just out of typing practice as I haven't written anything intelligible of length for many months . :( 
There are some really , REALLY disturbing things out there . o_O Too frightened to sleep . I may vomit . I'm about to pass out anyway . If I don't have nightmares , I'll be surprised . Also , I want to cry . Hormones must be off . Good night . 
Good news ! < PROPMALE > County Metro actually sent a written response to my complaint about a driver ! This involved a violation of the < PROPMALE > of Rights , so I'm pleased they took it seriously . Now , time will tell if they actually follow through . And thank you , FFRF , for backing me up ! 
If you're religious or not , you SHOULD care about the separation between Church and State . After all , the government could tell you who you have to pray to . What if you don't agree with that religion ? Keep that wall UP ! 
I just gotta say : if you've got tattoos covering more than 2% of your body , I don't find that attractive . When I want to see skin , I want to see skin , not jumbles of color in human shape . If I want to see colors like that I'll go view paintings in a museum . 
For no apparent reason , I'm daydreaming of a holiday in Scotland . Costco Travel has a package including Edinburgh & Dublin for about $900 . SWEET . I need the Law of Attraction to rain some money on me so I can do this . XD 
Dammit . Just because you have a door doesn't mean you have to SLAM it . Stupid neighbors ... 
So Tiger Woods didn't win . Not that I care much for golf ( except mini and Goofy ) but it's too bad he didn't win . Sure , he did some shameful things . But I like to see up-from-the-ashes kinds of stories and not hang-your-head-forever-in-shame deals . He'll probably bounce back from this whole thing . But not now . 
Ooh lovely ! My neighbors are having deep-fried skunk testicles , from the smell of things . Odors from other apartments seep into my bathroom , which is why I keep it shut tighter than Fort Knox . Gee , without my neighbors , my life might actually smell a little bit like roses ! I'd move except that I'm too poor & tired of it . 
Holy shit dude ! Not only is RuneScape down but Twitter is , too ! WHAT THE FECK AM I GOING TO DO WITH MYSELF ?! * contemplates killing neighbors just for fun * Meh heh heh heh ! 
I fail . At pop culture and at LGBT culture . What the hell is Glee ? And why is everyone so ga-ga over it ? 
I'm really kicking butt on FarmVille . But I need more peeps to join me . :D Come be my neighbor ! 
I finally got Sims 3 to load ! Unfortunately , I've got a new problem . The animation is jerky . WTF ? It's not lagging , it's just really jerky . Movement isn't smooth , anims seem to walk back-and-forth during . Hmmm . I'll stick to RuneScape til I feel like tackling this issue ... 
Finally shaved for the first time in 4 months . AAAAAAAAGHBLBLBLBLBL !!!!!! My face is on FIRE ! 
GRRR ! That trick to keep IE from interrupting everything DID NOT WORK ! Fuck this ! 
Check out @unicornbooty to support LGBT business AND enter to win an iPad ! ( Hey , it's free , so GIMME ! ) 
Damn . It is only AFTER all the local grocery stores close up shop that I get a burning < PROPFEMALE > for root beer ! 
As of this moment , 16/04/2010 , I am officially GIVING UP on the whole human race . I've had it . We moron apes are now so dumb that we've damned ourselves to extinction . In a few generations and once we've destroyed the fucking world so completely that we're on a countdown to annihilation , you all can look back at my words today and I can say \I fucking told you so . \"" 
Ah yes , and of course there would be yet another roving band of brainless teenagers standing right out there on 4th Avenue , in the street , car-dodging , yelling at the top of their lungs , acting like the little doucenozzles they are . I really wish they would get hit by another group of teens drag-racing , take a couple out of the < PROPFIRST > pool and send the others where they can get gang-banged in jail . 
I hate everything right now . If I don't ever wake up again , it'll be the best thing that has ever happened to me ... 
If you're tempted to spout anti-gay rhetoric , take a good , honest , open-minded look around you . I'm willing to bet that wherever you climb aboard your soapbox to shout about how gays want special dispensation , you'll find gay people . 
I finally found something that invariably sticks to T-Fal nonstick cookware ! Strong odors ! YUCK ! The failed peanut sauce noodles experiment from the other day has pwned my spaghetti pot ! :( 
WTF Failbook ? Got amnesia ? Alzheimer's ? Forget who I am ? Why the hell have I had to login TWICE today ? Fuck this , everything's making me angry . 
Sweet jumped-up zombie Jesus on a pogo stick ... NOW why the hell can't I have more than one Intardnet Exploder window OR tab open at the same time ?! Cannot multitask ? What the fuck is this , 1974 ?! I'm finally going to break over and get Firefox , goddammit ! 
Bought one small bottle of < PROPFIRST>'s Hard Lemonade tonight . I'm falling off the wagon , baby ! I haven't had a drink of anything alcoholic ( beyond a sip of beer to reaffirm that I hate beer ) since June of last year . Not sure if I'm going to drink it tonight since I'm doing a rollover , but meh . :) 
Just saw mention of a sequel to the Sex and the City movie . * epic headdesk * That's it . There is NO intelligent life left on this planet . < PROPMALE > , beam me the fuck up , NOW ! 
EA Games really dropped the ball on Sims 2 and future sequels & expansions . I just dreamt up a handful of ideas they could've added & made the game a lot richer . Examples to be listed below . 
Uh oes ! I might become a gym rat . I feel so good after workout I may just move in there . 
WIN ! Ryu has finally figured out how to use the rat wheel ! I only needed to coerce him a few times but this morning he's doing it on his own . I'm a happy rat-parent . 
Ugh , high pain today . Not because I overdid it at the gym yesterday ; I barely moved at all . Back started aching even before I made it to the Y . Today I can't stand up without hurting . :( May go back to bed soon . 
Happy Earth Day ! XD Also , it's refreshing to know that my rats ' favorite food is spaghetti . It's also my favorite food . Things sometimes work out perfectly , eh ? 
Fibromyalgia sucks . Lower back started hurting a few days ago for no reason . It's still happening . I can barely stand up ; it hurts to straighten so I have to walk bent over . ( Being bipedal sucks ass . ) Can't leave apt . either but I'll need food soon . 
Additionally , I saw Ryu asleep inside the exercise wheel earlier . FAIL ! I wanted to take a pic and add the caption \exercise wheel ... you're doing it wrong\ " but I knew I wouldn't be able to get close enough to the cage to take a picture without him moving . I think he might be sleeping there not just for novelty but to get away from Kenshi . K-Rat doesn't go near the wheel . " 
Honestly , City of Burien , I'm disappointed . Seems like every time I go down there ( every other day or so ? ) someone opens up a new can of woo . Saw a new chiropractic office . That makes two now within a city block . Srsly , WTF is up with you , Burien ?! 
Damnation . Not interested in lying in bed anymore . Too achy & mind-busy to sleep . Worried about the backlash I may get for telling someone off just now ( a psycho ex-friend . ) Yet too ill-feeling & tired to stay up . Bored . Sick . Life sucks right now for me . 
Just read someone's tweet : [ I ] would be happier if it was a little warmer than 55 this morning . My thought : Be happy it's 55 . Be happy you're here to feel 55 . It could be -55 . It could be 105 . My point is , just be happy . :) 
Fuck . Looks like Facebook is doing its Failbook thing again . Fuck . 
Teenagers are children in adult bodies . Parents of teenagers , of course , think their kids are adults in children's bodies . 
how to make 2 hooded fancy rats turn into 2 Mexican jumping beans ? Just add warm water & a handheld shower head set to fine mist . Result : 2 rats shitting & hopping around trying to get out of the tub . Fun times & clean rats ! :) 
EPIC WIN ! Got my paperwork in today to get the marker changed on my license . Looks like the state has streamlined the process a bit . Now it takes a fill-in form & a doctor's letter . :) 
Day 1.45 of Operation Cold-Turkey Caffeine : * EPIC FAIL * I've been up since 0530 this morning . I won't last til my blood donation appointment tonight . I've got to do something or I'll be asleep before long . Also , how the hell did I ever survive as a Mormon ?! 
I donate blood and what does \karma\ " have in store for me ? Try a full bladder while riding the world's slowest bus with < PROPMALE > Brimley driving . He insisted on not going an inch over 27 MPH the entire way & didn't know how to turn off the heater . " 
Good night everyone . Hope I can sleep more than 4 to 6 broken-up , flopping-like-a-fish-out-of-water hours . I usually function on a good 10 to 12 , but not lately . No wonder my think-meats inside my skull-bone don't work too good lately ... 
I really loathe the fact that when a woman uses self-deprecating humor to describe female habits , other women think it's funny and/or true . However , if a man uttered those same words , they'd rally to have him castrated , sued and/or jailed . 
Bloody hell , but I feel completely and totally hopeless right now . 
Worst . Sound Transit . Driver . Ever . 
Im officially off the wagon & completely drunk from 1 happy hour < PROPFEMALE > . I suck . 
Ah yes , the quintessential Northwest way to commit suicide : get a < PROPFEMALE > or design your own \experimental\ " aircraft . Fly it . ( Doesn't even have to be a < PROPFEMALE > day or anything . ) Your body will be found once your craft goes down & reported about on many news outlets . " 
I was looking for any info online specifically from Northwest Cable News about the item they did about gluten-free food . Saw the report at the bar but couldn't hear it , obviously . They spoke to a naturopath about it . I ROFLed . 
Reason number 694 why I should never drink alcohol ever again : the dreams I had last night . UGH ! 
It's spaghetti night ! Ryu and Kenshi are going to love me more because they LOVE spaghetti ! 
Never tell me animals can't emote . You should have seen the look Kenshi gave me when I showed up with an entire knot ( read : fistfull ) of spaghetti noodles . \Ecstatic\ " is one way to put it . He was like : XD " 
Arguably , pressure migraines are the worst kind of headache . You feel alright so long as you're sitting perfectly still . When you move or cough , your head is filled with nightmarish pain . 
Holy cats ! Kenshi turned a cracker box into a box with a big freakin ' hole in it ! I think he might be a little peeved about me taking the former box out of the cage , also due to the fact that they chewed big holes in it . LOL Rats will be rats , after all . 
I don't like the comparison between today's illegal immigration problem and the white settlers ' arrival and takeover of the New World . Don't blame me for what other peoples ' ancestors did . I won't be held responsible for something I did not do & had no control over . 
It's not my job to change your opinion about me . It's my job to be exactly who I am . If that repels you , that's not my concern . If that attracts you , then call me a friend . 
Charlie : I am God . Because I am God , I'm always right , no matter if it contradicts whatever I've said in the past . Me : ( thinks about it , then shouts ) Then , that really DOES make you God ! Charlie : Yerp . 
Oh yeah , I kinda forgot about all that Manifest < PROPFEMALE > stuff . And , oh yeah , you kinda forgot that I have no control over history , moron . 
Dammit . Is there a way to view other people who like a certain Facebook < PROPFEMALE > ? Other than the < PROPFEMALE > sidebar item that shows you 6 people at a time . Facebook is so piss-poorly designed . 
Another reason why poverty + crime = epic suck . Every weekend , starting late Thursday night , there's a helicopter that buzzes over the apartment here in slummy Bluecollarville . It's loud , it's annoying , & it's probably a phenomenal waste of taxpayer money . Y'know , because the KC Sherriff doesn't do shit . 
Ough ... migraine . Again . Third time this week . This means no workout today . This is inconvenient because it's also grocery day . Might have difficulty doing even that . But I've got to . 
Yes , web ads , I am looking for a boyfriend . But , no , I don't want a boyfriend who takes pictures of himself half naked in front of the bathroom mirror . Can you say \manwhore \"?" 
Cute < PROPFIRST > quote of the day : Dogma should always be free . If you ever have to pay for dogma , then it's probably not worth it . Also , MUNCH ! 
Cute < PROPFIRST > quote of the day :\ 
Me : We all know that flying is simply the act of flinging yourself at the ground and missing . \ 
< PROPFIRST > ( who is a swamp sparrow , ergo , a bird ): Hey ! You mean my kind has been doing it wrong all this time ?! 
:( My teapot died . The bottom broke out when I poured hot water in it . I had it since the < PROPMALE > days , about 10 years . I'm sad now . 
My very special hidden talent : I can duplicate the engine sounds of a circa 1960s VW Beetle & the newer low-floor 40 ' New Flyer Metro buses using only my mouth & throat . ( Only , this morning , I seem to be off a bit . I'm practicing . ) 
I got a letter back from the state Department of Licensing . As of 06 May , 2010 , I am Mr. < PROPFIRST > A . < PROPMALE > . I've been approved for a change of gender designation on my driver license . My reaction was , and I quote : WOO HOO ! EPIC WIN ! 
How the hell do you meet people on Facebook ? I mean , do you have to know a bunch of people already to get invites from others ? That sucks ; why do Facebook at all if you already know a lot of folks ?! 
I've determined , through 12 years of close , personal scientific observation and study , that 99.9998% of my problems stem from not having a personal motorized means of transport . 
Pizza night RAWKed ! Made homemade pizza with a 3-cheese blend . Pepperoni , mushrooms , black olives , bacon pieces , and green < PROPFEMALE > pepper topped by mozzarella , medium cheddar and parmesan . Also added garlic salt to the crust . Oooh good ! Pix forthcoming when I stop being lazy . 
Rumors currently abounding on Facebook ads being loaded with viruses may be painfully true . I just cleaned a trojan downloader off my laptop computer earlier . As a result , I won't be frequenting Failbook as often . 
In just a few minutes , it'll be 18 May 2010 , the 30th anniversary of the \latest\ " eruption of Mt . St. Helens . " 
Please pray for me * because I am stupid enough to dare Wal-Mart again today . (*-denotes sarcasm in the extreme . ) 
If someone made a film about my life , it'd be like a big-screen Where's < PROPMALE > . It'd be a wide-angle shot of a crowd of people passing by on their way to whatever . I'd be the little guy who walks by in the blurry background about 1 hour and 37 minutes into the film . 
So my year and 3/4 wait to get on the queue to get energy assistance goes ever onward . I have literally been trying to get help for 2 years . Two . Fucking . Years . Meanwhile the balance on my power < PROPMALE > is going up and up , with $10 added to each unpaid < PROPMALE > . 
It is not un-American to criticize the government . In fact , it is more un-American to sit back in complacency and let government run amok . 
Ok , cigarette smokers : PROVE to me that you care about anything other than your supposed \right\ " to smoke . " 
Man , shit . I suck at life . I suck even more at relationships . I'm crushing on a guy who's not available . I really , really , REALLY suck . 
Another witty convo starring < PROPFIRST > the Chirp -- \ 
Me : ( looking at a short article on Wikipedia ) Oh , this one's a shorty . \ 
< PROPFIRST > : Are you looking at porn again ? \ 
Me : Not this time . \ 
XD 
< PROPFIRST > the Chirp : professional megalomaniac , professor of delusions of grandeur , would-be ruler and subjugator of Tacoma , rats ' rights advocate ? Yep , he's \adopted\ " Kenshi and Ryu as his \ " children \"" 
Another day , another opportunity to wonder why I continue to live ... 
I'd much rather have all the haters out in the open , expressing free speech rather than suppressed and in hiding . That way , we know where they are , what they're doing , & what they're saying . 
It's 25/05 . Do you know where your towel is ?! ;) 
It's amazing how I went from an average-height , big-waisted , average-foot female-person with small breasts to a short , modestly-meaty guy with < PROPFEMALE > feet just by changing my gender ! 
Wow , the world wide web is chock FULL of geniuses . First I read a comment by a guy who has NO earthly idea what punctuation is for . Then I read another comment who actually says \h-e double hockey sticks . \ " Afraid to type the word \ " hell\ " there ? " 
New law of nature : If you have more than 4 legs , you are NOT allowed to grow larger than an inch . Got it ? * shudders * 
What's really amazing is that we originate from chemicals produced by our sun ; we are literally made of stars ( sorry , Moby . ) Yet the majority of us are content to believe we literally arose from < PROPMALE > based on the word of a < PROPFIRST > Bronze-age tome . Woman originated from a rib bone , no less ! 
I'm about 99.9998% sure I'm being cold-shouldered out of the FTM community in this godforsaken place . 2 new guys showed up to tonight's meeting , they were welcomed in with practically a ticker-tape parade . Meanwhile , I've been totally and blatantly ignored . 
I know I don't have a lot of followers , but I'm curious . Question for the straight guys : Do you feel insulted if a gay guy comes onto you ? I'd like answers . This is purely a question out of curiosity . 
I got problems . I owe at least $700 to the power company . I'm lonely as fuck . I've got < PROPMALE > depression . I'm chronically unemplyable . I'm in love with a guy who's already got a boyfriend . I've got a handful of money to last me til next month . I'm tired . I'm broke . I'm borderline suicidal . So , how's your day so far ? 
Best thing about social networking sites is you can interact with your favorite lesser-known celebrities one-on-one , basically . Love talking with my favorite musicians . ;) 
I really don't get the Failbook news feed order . I'm just now getting notice of an event that happened LAST WEEK on my timeline TODAY . WTF ? Yet another reason Facebook Fails so epically . 
I'm here to wish my friend < PROPFIRST > Royka a very , very happy birthday today . Keep on being awesome ! :) 
Anyone want a pair of spoiled-brat rats ? They fight a lot , knock over their food bowl , eat too much human food , poop & piss everywhere , chew up shit , and only make me more pissed off than I need to be . Free for the asking . >:( 
Remember , kids , as you hit the sales and buy too many shoes and run yourself further into debt today , be sure to pause and lend a kind thought to those who died to defend your country so you could have the freedom to spend and sit on your ass watching TV . Thinking of you , servicemembers , with an especial tip of gratitude towards our LGBT soldiers . Thank you , from the bottom of my heart . 
I think a Buddhist < PROPFEMALE > just moved in next door . Not sure how I feel about this yet . Buddhists are generally one step clsoer to atheism than most other people of faith . Besides , I've visited many Buddhist < PROPFEMALE > s overseas , so I know it's good there . This might be the start of something nice . 
I'm having terrible , nauseating pain in my liver area . Not sure if I should go to the E.D. It woke me out of a rather nice sleep . I might be awake the rest of tonight . If it gets worse , I'm calling 9-1-1 . 
It's free Dunkin ' Donut Day . Also , I've heard through the grapevine that if you show up at the Puyallup Krispy Kreme and prove you listen to 97.3 KIRO radio you'll get free stuff . 
Even in sleep I find no peace , no real rest . Love is a mental illness ; lust is a social disease . If only he wasn't making it so damn hard on me . If only I knew how he felt . If only ... :( 
Just called crisis hotline . Counselor told me , after I explained my situation , \Sometimes you gotta just < PROPFEMALE > in there ! \ " Worst . Motherfucking . Crisis . Counselor . EVER . " 
Wow . Just when I really need my family to support me , I find out my brothers are off having fun with someone I thought was my friend . Gee , and I thought I was suicidal yesterday ... 
You know , with just about every other aspect of my life I can handle things . If something's not ideal , I take it in stride . I evolve pretty easily to new circumstances . I research & keep myself educated . I'm damn good at resourcing & pretty good at looking for help . Yet , when it comes to love & lust matters , I suck HORRIBLY . 
Have been on-hold , literally , since about 11:55 am today waiting for a call-back from Social Security . See , this is why I hate anticipating phone calls . I can't miss this , either , because it could mean $185 I desperately need . 
Lovely . So Twitter's down . Looks like I have to move all my emo shit & senseless drabble over here for the time being . 
A poll asks : If you win a getaway package to see Cirque du Soleil , which city would you rather be sent to ? Montreal , Las Vegas or Barcelona . So far , Las Vegas is winning by a 7% margin over Barcelona . Montreal has 13% of the total vote . WTF ? WHY Las Vegas ?! 
I has < PROPMALE > cracker pie crust . I has sugar-free mousse pudding mix . I has milk . I can shortly has pudding pie . XD 
Who do I have to kill to get some codeine right about now ? My pot-smoking downstairs neighbor ? SWEET . * the voices are talking to me again , evidently * ( Wink ) 
Twitter is ONCE AGAIN over capacity . At 2:28 am PDT . What . The . Everloving . FECK ?! I guess the 6 users are too much for the little TRS-80 they use as a server at Twitter HQ . That and they really need to hire someone over the age of 26 who knows what they're doing . >:( 
Teabagging : Proof that , to some , cold , unfeeling \ 
money is far more important than human rights , dignity and suffering . 
OF COURSE Twitter is over capacity . It wouldn't be Twitter if it actually worked ! 
It's National Man Day . Remember , guys , being a man is more than having the emotional range of a set of plumbing and the maturity that would embarrass a 3 year-old . 
I really wish God hadn't made the area around our fingernail cuticles so damn sensitive . (/sarcasm ) Seriously , when I get hangnails it's like the worst pain ever . 
It's time for another Good Idea , Bad Idea ( TM)\ 
Good Idea : Eating broccoli for health benefits , nutrition , vitamins , fiber and flavor . \ 
Bad Idea : Eating broccoli , and then conveniently forgetting to buy anti-gas medication . D'oh! 
Great . First Twitter gyps me out of an opportunity due to server incompetence . Now it looks like FailBook and Zynga are jumping on the bandwagon . People , get your head out of each other's asses and actually FIX your damn servers ! Jaysus ! 
Man , I get fed up with people taking pics of themselves by shooting the mirror reflection . Dudes , I can see your camera ! Get a tripod and a cam with a timer . Or , better yet , a friend who'll photograph you . Or do what I do : turn on the macro function , hold the cam at arm's length and shoot yourself . 
You know you're addicted to FrontierVille when : you click the heart icon on a Tumblr < PROPFEMALE > and expect to get a Reputation bonus ( true story for me . ) 
Frontierville is experiencing problems on FailBook right now . I'm dead tired ( LONG story ) so I guess my wheat will wither . I'll regift when I get the < PROPMALE > , if I'm still alive tomorrow evening . 
Totally having a heart attack and dying from not-surprise here . Farmville is once again fucking up . It'd be nice if they worked out all of the bugs before they go live with something rather than put it up as-is and slap a nice \BETA ! OMGLOLZ ! \ " label on it . " 
My apologies . I seem to now be having trouble with the gift-giving interface on Frontierville . If I owe you a gift , please respond on my wall or send me a PM with your request . I'll regift when I get the < PROPMALE > . Ugh , computers ! 
Additional apology : I just now realized that most of my new Farmville/Frontierville friends could not see my wall posts and probably weren't getting any of my shared bonuses . I've given permission now , so y'all can bonus up . Sorry . :) 
I live out in the boondocks , about 15 < PROPMALE > from Downtown Seattle . Yet , when there is a damned protest for damned immigration reform , I'm STILL affected by it . Go . The fuck . Home . Idiots . 
I need a vacation from my life . Otherwise I'm going to blow up inside and wake up in a foreign country with no money , no clothes on and a few terminal STDs and unable to speak the language ... and no earthly idea how I got there , where I am or what happened . In any case , I forsee myself ending it all by jumping off a bridge . 
Twitter is having server issues . Again . You'd think that a site that has quickly gone from \niche\ " to \ " mainstream\ " would actually have their crap together by now . >:( " 
I'm so tipsy . All I had was one glass of wine . How do people live like this ? Meep ! XD 
Would you believe this ? On the day before the 20th anniversary of the car crash that nearly killed me I had to go and witness a car wreck ? Woman ran a red light , T-boned a station wagon . Now experiencing flashbacks & PTSD . 
I'm really having trouble with the free gifts < PROPFEMALE > on Frontierville . Anyone else having this problem ? It won't load proper , takes several refreshes , then won't list my friends . I'll gift/regift when this gets straightened out , hopefully in a few hours . Sorry . 
No , that was not an earthquake in Seattle . Apparently a private Cessna entered no-fly zone as President Obama was leaving . 2 jets went supersonic intercepting the Cessna , scaring most of the citizens of South Seattle , including me . Bloody ... LOL 
I am currently going through a < PROPMALE > depressive episode . I'm going tomorrow to ask for help . It only gets worse & I can't live like this . 
Olve Garden's Neverending Pasta Bowl FTW . I also had a variety of pinot grigio I've never tried before . Cold , sweet , mild , perfect . :) Life was good for about half an hour . 
Nooooo ! I can't find that highly addictive word-scramble game I was playing last night ! I thought I could find it on the games < PROPFEMALE > ! I need my CRACK ! :D 
Wow . Sure is nice to know that whenever I'm feeling like killing myself that I can just pick up the phone & call someone . Oh , and did anyone know I just got released from the ER ? Yeah , funny story , that . 
You raise the blade . \ 
You make the change . \ 
You rearrange me ' til I'm sane . \ 
You lock the door . \ 
And throw away the key . \ 
There's someone in my head\ 
But it's not me . 
I don't play well with others . \ 
At all . \ 
Ever . \ 
It's even on my kindergarten report card . 
I gave the rats a bit of food last night on a small ceramic saucer . Later , Kenshi tea-bagged it . I don't know if I want that plate back now . Ugh . If I eat off it later , I'll only be thinking \Rat balls . \ " * barfs * " 
Saw the Christian wallet thief today . She's plumper than ever . Guess she's been finding more stupid < PROPMALE > men's wallets . 
Why are shades of grey so hard for people to understand ? Why can't I be a feminine male ? A nondominant top ? A conservative Liberal ? 
Wow . Metro day of Hell today . No , make that Week of Hell . 
It's that time of year now where I must determine whether or not to embrace Christmas this year . Also , I'm going to need to pick out a Halloween costume . 
I am shocked and appalled to learn that Washington still has a death penalty . They're executing a guy via lethal injection at Midnight tonight . Sickening . 
Beginning to sink into a morass of hopelessness , grief , sadness and suffering . 
I love my country but I will gainsay anyone who calls me a traitor for supporting the \Ground Zero Mosque . \ " Anyone who knows me knows that I became a fire buff after events on 9/11 . " 
I hate to admit it , but the gay community is often a source of great disappointment to me . ( I know this will come back to bite me in the arse one day . Giggety ? ) 
Ever\ 
get the feeling that the world is changing so fast that you're totally \ 
lost without < PROPMALE > of catching up ? I'm starting to FEEL 35 now . 
I hope that if I have to get electroconvulsive therapy , I forget everything . Better yet , I hope something goes horribly wrong and I die . I'm in hell . Utter hell . 
Bellevue . Feels like Im hemorraging money just being here . 
I have never tossed a shot before . Holy shit does it get your head spinning fast ! Captain < PROPFIRST > is bumfucking me HARD right now . And I LOVE it ! 
Atheist , Skeptic , Freethinker , Humanist . Can I also be a misanthropist ? Absolutely . Homo sapiens is just another animal but more dangerous since s/he believes s/he has superiority handed down by the supernatural . 
Did anyone else notice the fail in Wednesday's Seattle Times ? A front-page article , asked Jews & non-Jews to unplug for Yom Kippur . Above the article remainder on A8 , a piece saying kids 6-12 are helped by computers . Fail . 
On the marra ye be callin ' me ye Dead Pirate < PROPFIRST > , yar ! It's 19 September , International Talk Like a Pirate Day , ya-har ! 
Going to attempt to sleep now . I'll check back in on the AM . Hopefully I won't sleep 18 hours like I did the other day . Believe me , I needed it ! 
A flowchart to tell you if Twitter is down : Is the internet working ? --> Yes --> Twitter is fail-whale . 
Once\ 
again , the dinosaurs of the GOP prove what I've been saying for years : \ 
Republicans are the reason Congress is the opposite of Progress . Provision containing DADT repeal failed . 
I think I just got excellent news . The problem neighbor I've been concerned with basically since I moved in here is on the way out . It is said that it will take about 2 months to finalise , but this is very good news . 
\Kyle\ " means \ " from the narrows . \ " \ 
At least religion has dogma , canon that is spelled out , somewhat neat , and easy to digest . The New Agers have dog food . It's mostly filler , 99% of it is complete mystery meat , it does the job for SOME animals but , ultimately , for those of us who aren't conent with eating whatever shit happens to fall in front of our paws , it isn't satisfactory and is quite hard to swallow . 
There are two types of people in this world : People who contemplate homicidal actions towards family/friends/neighbors/strangers/etc . and people who actually follow through on it . 61 year old mentally ill lady just shot & killed 4 people about 1/4 mile from my apartment . 
Seattle . The capitol city of solipsism . If you park your shopping cart in the dead center of the aisle then block the widest space through which I might be able to squeeze , don't act shocked when I say \Excuse me\ " and try to pass . Jeebus . " 
Another unexplained browser crash . Stay classy , Firefox . One day , you too shall be just like Internet Explorer ! 
What is this , impromptu parade of old Metro buses along < PROPMALE > . Then iPod plays Bus Stop by The Hollies . lol 
Ok , so if a guy wears a tutu and face paint during Gay Pride , this is not okay . But if a guy can wear full body paint and a stupidly tacky furry hat during a football game , how is this not a double standard ?! 
Meet the nation of Ursalea . It's a small country that encompasses the greater Seattle area from Edmonds to Tacoma . Its people are of Spanish ethnicity and currently practice the national religion of Shinto . Hmm ... \ 
http://www.cybernations.net/nation_drill_display.asp?Nation_ID=422714 
Getting high off scent of new metro timetable ink . Smells good ! 
That makes two family members now , passed away inside of a week . On top of that I had to do something stupid and try to reconnect with an old flame who's , so far , still acts like everything is my fault . I hate to sound selfish , considering , but see this is why I never sit content when things start to go well . 
This day , so full of fail , sucked ass . Happy motherfucking birthday to me . 
People can't hear what you don't tell them . Yet what if the thing you want or need to tell them will make them so angry they won't talk to you for six months or longer ? 
You know , people go on & on about The Beatles yet , if you think about it , another British Invasion group is more successful . The Moody Blues are still together , still touring , & all of them are alive . Still produce ORIGINAL albums . 
Happy 10/10/10 day everyone ! ( What's that in binary ? ) 
Ow . Toothache still here . Headache still here . I know this means I'm alive but why does living have to mean so much pain ?! I guess ice cream for afters is not a good idea ... 
Public service announcement - Remember , there are three things you never discuss with people : Religion , politics & The Great Pumpkin . :) 
Is Mercury retrograde today ? I swear every Metro bus was a douche-ride from hell . The AM 134 made everyone get off the coach a stop early . The 60 driver didn't know what he was doing . Then 131 got rerouted . :/ 
Today : Wear purple . Say NO to bullying . Remember those who were pushed over the edge . Support LGBT community . 
It's 8:30 am . Time for me to go to bed . :) 
I'm hanging up the \Do Not Disturb\ " sign and going to bed . The first trick-or-treaters to knock on my door or ring my doorbell will be bitten and transformed into SPARKLY ! vampires . Have a happy and safe Halloween . " 
Dear Santa , \ 
Papa needs a new microwave oven . If you see fit to deliver , I promise to not kill any children , elderly persons , annoying dogs , Rednecks or anyone else who ticks me off in 2011 . Spiders , however , are still fair game and always shall be . Thank you . \ 
Love , \ 
Dead Pirate < PROPFIRST > 
All I gotta say is ... \F*CK YEAH 26 OZ BAG OF F*CKIN ' < PROPFEMALE > CORN ! MWAHAHAHA !!! \ " \ 
With religion , if good things happen to you , it's because God decided to bless you , but if bad things happen , it's the devil's fault or God is trying to test you . Without religion , things just happen . The universe is vast and impersonal . That , to me , is more comforting than the belief that I'm just a puppet on a string dancing for supernatural whims . Hooray for atheism ! 
So if Dems take Senate and GOP takes House & we have a middling prez , do they cancel each other out ? Finally ! ANARCHY ! 
How can I always tell it's raining without even going near a window ? \ 
SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAL ! \ 
All the douchenozzles in the neighborhood get in their cars and trucks and go peel around corners . Because there's nothing better to do after your 9-to-5 than shred tires and endanger lives . What else are paychecks for ? 
Why do people follow you on a social networking site then seem to exist only to reblog stuff that you write , adding some backhanded sarcastic or passive-aggressive remark to whatever you say ? I mean , if you got something to say to me , say it to my face . 
I'm just a motherfucking troll magnet today . What makes fucking teenagers think they can harass an adult walking by them on the sidewalk ? 
There's nothing new under the sun , and I just don't get it why the old and passe becomes suddenly so popular . Conan O'Brien has been around for a long time , yet he's the hot topic of the moment . And what's this about the Tron remake ? IIRC , everybody thought the original SUCKED . Why is it cool now , a generation later ? 
I wish I had been in a better mood earlier . I would have appreciated this moment more : on the bus , I saw a kid wearing a pin , white 8-bit text on black that simply read \FTW . \ " Sometimes your day is so damn bleak even the awesome can't get through . I'm going to bed now . " 
Here's to hoping Dr. < PROPMALE > Hershey can help save this poor pain-wracked wretch from his misery . ( Ok , I know chocolate really isn't medicine , but it makes me feel better for a bit . ) 
OMG . My favorite Christmas movie phenomenon is going to become a MUSICAL ! And it's coming to Seattle ! WOOT ! Anyone want to team up with me and go see it ?! 
Why\ 
is it not considered racist when someone says that a white person can't\ 
say anything on combatting racism in the world today ? I guess it's\ 
on par with feminists who say men , especially transsexuals of all \ 
types , can't ever be feminists . Divisions and separations are \ 
SEGREGATION . Didn't we learn years ago that segregation sucks ? 
I'm paying out $20 ( possibly more ) to anyone who will deliver me a Papa Murphy's take-and-bake pizza with pepperoni , sausage and mushrooms and a container of cookie dough . I'm too cold & tired to walk out to get it myself and I must be on my man-period . I've got CRAVINGS . 
I'm kinda-sorta sold on < PROPFIRST>'s Angus mushroom and Swiss burger now . Oh , and a big THANK YOU to the artard who threw his/her fry box out the window without removing the Monopoly stamps first . The sammich was DELICIOUS and completely free . ;) 
Hey , Tumblr . Would you mind getting your shit together finally , please ? \ 
Uber fucktards . 
Ok , I think I'm over my snit . I am in an oddly good mood today . Why do I not completely trust this feeling ? Oh yeah , I'm bipolar . This could just be hypomania . Grrr . Oh well . Don't suffer through insanity ; enjoy the crazy ride til the end ! 
Combination hot apple pie and mulled apple cider : EPIC WIN . \ 
Letting the last little bit of cider get cold and drinking it anyway because you hate waste : EPIC FAIL . \ 
Ok , so maybe it wasn't an EPIC fail because it was not on fire and no one died in the process . But it was still a FAIL nonetheless . 
Alright , let's get one thing clear : it is perfectly fine and mostly sane to start Christmas shopping as early as you like , even as early as July . However , it is NOT acceptable in any way to begin decorating before Thanksgiving ! A neighbor already had a tree up at the beginning of this month . Local bloggers are pointing out all the places that are putting up tinsel . What . The . F$&@ ?! 
We got flurries in White Center . Brr ! 
Going to bed now . 
Since reading a bit about Jewish Kosher laws earlier this year , I've made it a game to seek out the K or U on food items and containers . Today , however , I got a package of Little < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Tree Cakes and found a big K printed on the front . Really ? Kosher Christmas Trees ? 
IT'S SNOWING ! \ 
XD XD XD XD XD 
Ok , since the weather doesn't look like it's going to get warm enough to melt off all this snow and ice til Thursday , I cancelled my appointments for tomorrow . Sheesh . It's pretty stuff coming out of the sky but who said winter could get a jump-start this year ? 
Now experiencing a bit of schadenfreude . Read a remark from female half of a young newly married couple trying to conceive for 1st time . Schmoozing over baby manuals & proper child rearing advice . Believe me , it'll be forgotten after 6 months of diaper changings & 3 am feedings . 
is still weirded out by the MT 60 coaches driving by the apartment . \ 
Though , I do love the sound of the engines on those particular coaches . They make a very specific \purring\ " sound unique to that type of coach . Fun ! And I can almost mimic the sound with my throat ( sort of goes along with my hidden talent of being able to mimic the sound of an old style VW Beetle using my lips . ) " 
Come ON . How can anyone possibly have the energy not only to move out of a place , but also move into a new one AND fecking unpack all night ? By the way , it should be against the law to move a sensory defensive person into an apartment unit where both vibration and noise from other units will make that person overstimulated and homicidal . 
I've officially converted to Boeing Employees Credit Union . \ 
And just in time . I got a notice in the mail that my current bank is eliminating their free checking option . Man , fuck banks and fuck fucking corporatocracy . I'm closing all business with < PROPMALE > before February . Good job I got my savings and my checking accounts started today . I'm part of a collective now and not some faceless peon who hands fatcats my money ! 
Ok , La-Freakin'-Nina ... BRING IT . I got SHOE-CHAINS now . 
If you have not yet lost hope for humanity , you will now : < PROPFIRST > Bieber is coming to the big screen , in 3-D . Good job I already totally lost hope in humanity earlier this year , otherwise this would have utterly crushed me . 
Facebook tendencies that annoy/amuse me : You're having a really bad day . Find someone on your friends list who's having a marginally better day . Reply to their marginally better post . Tell everyone that someone you know is dying . Forget totally that FB has private messaging option . 
Damn . I guess spawning season is over already ? I forgot to make a trip to Renton Library to watch the salmon . :( Now I've got to wait another year . Boo hoo . 
I am having an unnecessarily hard life . Even if things aren't crashing down around me , my own mind makes things more complicated than they need be . Even if there was a god , mental illness is proof that god doesn't give one flying fuck about the things god created . 
Sign online petition ; provide mandatory email address . \ 
Begin getting spam from . org where you signed petition . \ 
Unsubscribe from unsolicited mailers . \ 
Begin getting spam from OTHER groups linked to petition org . \ 
FFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUU -- 
Don't ask : it's a western Washington thing . Once you leave the store ( and this is especially true if you have a huge shopping cart , ) be sure to stop IN THE DOORWAY so people behind you trying to leave get crushed by the automatic door . 
Every < PROPFEMALE > has its thorn\ 
Just like every night has its dawn\ 
Just like every cowboy sings a sad , sad song\ 
( Apropos of nothing , BTW . Thought I'd bust it with a little non-holiday music . Mostly to save my sanity ... what's left of it anyway . ) 
I have literally been trying to get utility assistance since 2008 . On a fluke , I tried to call the 800 number to get an appointment this evening . I go in on 30 December to sign up for a subsidy . OMFG . My latest < PROPMALE > was almost $800 from nonpayment . I will NOT let this happen again ! I promise ! 
A tank just pulled out of Ballard Safeway . Fuck yeah ! 
So , apparently the thing to do on Facebook at the moment is to change your profile pic to a favorite cartoon character from your youth . It's supposed to show that you support the campaign against child abuse . Done and done . My all-time favorite toon hero ? The cross-dressing prankster and American everyman ( every-rabbit ? ) Bugs < PROPFEMALE > . 
Since it's a very real possibility ( however remote ) that I might be relocating to another apartment come the end of this month , I shall put holiday decorating on hiatus until I find out more . Would it be too tacky to put up lights on New Year's Day and light them throughout January ? 
Is it tacky to answer the door wearing your houseclothes when the pizza person arrives ? And by houseclothes I mean sleep pants , old shirt and house slippers ? Coz I'm totally doing that tonight . 
Anyone want to volunteer to help me move ? I'll know for sure one way or another tomorrow , possibly . I pay in booze . And I'm generous with it . 
Quick , someone show me how to do a fantastic and anatomically correct middle finger in ASCII so I can email it over to Tumblr for them being twats worse than Twitter this weekend . 
This day needs to be over sooner rather than later . I've got important things to do tomorrow . Trying to calm my nerves , I tried watching a movie . It didn't help ; turns out it was a psychological thriller . I'm worse off than before the film . Anxiety just simmering under panic levels . I hate this . 
Hey , Tumblr . Thank you for being offline all night . I'm really getting a lot done and things couldn't be more smooth . No , I lied actually ; fuck you royally . 
Twitter isn't working . Tumblr has been down for hours . Facebook has been hit-and-miss for me . This is why I often hate Sundays . \ 
Unrelated : The stress is killing me . I really do feel like crying . Why ? I don't understand this . 
Frustration ! The management person I need to speak to about relocating to another unit won't be in the office until tomorrow ! GRR ! But I do have her email address now . I'm going to write her then go out to print off these . pdf forms from Section 8 just in case . Then downtown to court to get advice . 
I propose that all habitual Tumblr users take this down-time as a real opportunity . A time to rest , to visit friends and family , to ... \ 
... SIKE ! I propose we take this time to write nasty emails to support@tumblr.com and if someone should find a corporate phone number for their office , to inundate them with nasty phone calls as well ! We won't take this lying down ! XD 
LOL I just realized that the \Physician\ " character when you get a score tally at the end of the game on Word Challenge looks just like the ultrasound technician at the OB/GYN office I go to . Disturbingly LOL " 
Among possible security questions you can use on my credit union's website :\ 
Which team do you love to see lose ? \ 
Only in Seattle ... \ 
Also , they're promoting Costco membership . Wonder why ? ;) P.S. : < PROPMALE > , hope you signed up for this credit union ! 
Guess what , Tumblr addicts ? Yep . Tumblr just went down again . \ 
* Headdesk * * Headdesk * * Headdesk * * Headdesk * * Headdesk * * Headdesk * * Headdesk * * Headdesk * * Headdesk * * Headdesk * * Headdesk * * Headdesk * 
Two things that will be easier for humanity to accomplish before I can get my landlord on the phone this week : 1 . ) making contact with intelligent extraterrestrial life , 2 . ) getting Tumblr to stay online for longer than an hour . * headpiano * 
My brain is warped by fatigue and stress . Whilst perusing a website looking for info on diabetic testing coverage for my healthcare plan , I read a link at the bottom : \Cadaver Support Center . \ " It's actually \ " Caregiver Support Center\ " but my mind isn't working well right now . " 
Someone has already applied for the apartment I was seeking . Nobody knows if the apartment will be leased as yet . There might be a slim < PROPMALE > they'll turn down the application , but I doubt it . I should know something by tomorrow . Right now , though , I feel absolutely sick . The stress is killing me . 
In this instance , no news isn't good news . I've got no news at all . Not surprising since the landlord is notorious for not following up on requested call-backs and , apparently now , emails . So as long as my asshole neighbors let me , I'm going back to sleep . Let me not wake up . 
Why , Facebook ? I hit the \home\ " button ( which usually takes you back to the top of a < PROPFEMALE > ) and instead it takes me to the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > ... \ 
DADT repeal is probably lost . Republicans cockblock < PROPMALE > that would provide healthcare for first responders involved in 9/11 . Tax breaks for the < PROPMALE > continue . ( Where are you , Frodo Baggins ? )\ 
Everyone who really knows me understands that I don't say this at all lightly , but :\ 
Fuck you , America . \ 
We could be the great nation that all the patriots claim . But we're not . Not by a long shot . 
Well , no response from leasing office . Matters did not look favorable for me . If by some miracle the renters decide not to take the apartment after all , that would be the only reason I'd get it now . So , regardless , I am out of this fucking loony dormitory next November . Even if I have to get a J-O-B for the first time in 12 years . 
303 is taken now ; I won't be moving after all . Landlord said she'd keep me in mind if/when another upper unit came available . Time will tell ; after all , they did blatantly lie to me that Pothead would be moving out in two months . Next stop : courthouse on Monday . Anyone want to meet me for supper then ? \ 
Also , am having my first < PROPMALE > nosebleed of the season . It is now * OFFICIALLY * Winter . 
One thing I don't like about cold temps ( other than the arthritic aches and pains it brings ) is that by the time you've toasted both bagels and smeared them with cream cheese , one is cold and the other is getting cold . So you eat the cold one giving time for the less-cold bagel to go cold . And cold cheese bagels aren't nearly as pleasant as warm , toasty cheese bagels . :( 
Remember , people . That pedestrian you nearly mowed down probably has a family or someone counting on them to be home this holiday season . Even I , the lonely cumurdgeon , have two rats who depend on me . Slow down and get over yourself . Play safe or you could hurt someone . 
Yes , the new profile pic is deliberately creepy . ;) 
Parenting fail : Taking your small children with you into the liquor store . \ 
Epic parenting fail : Letting your kids run rampant in the liquor store and allowing them to shake an unbought $40 bottle of Goldschlager to watch the pretty gold sparkles fly . \ 
True story this evening . 
Sometimes you pwn the needle and other times the needle pwns you ... wait , that makes no sense . \ 
Which is to say it doesn't make sense that I had to use two needles to inject testosterone this time . This makes twice in two years . Obviously , I suck and should never pursue a medical career ... 
Only thing better than a warm toasted cream cheese bagel is a warm toasted cream cheese bagel dipped in the runny yolk of a freshly fried egg . However , I can't get the over-easy bit down ; 2 of 3 eggs ' yolks broke in the process . I fail at making breakfast . Tho , technically , this was my supper . At 3.00 am . 
Any suggestions as to jobs for someone who's unable to work full-time , can't earn more than $700 a month , and who hasn't worked any sort of continuing job in twelve years ? And , no , flipping Whoppers is not an option ; been there , done that , now the smell of Burger < PROPMALE > makes me nauseous . Serious inquiries only . 
It's 2010 , almost 2011 . They can't even invent laser computer mice whose cursors don't randomly shoot off in an unexpected direction totally at random , and you people are demanding hovercars , jetpacks and giant robots ? 
Mock /b/ and not get haxxored ? Well , you've spoke too soon . \ 
Not that I visit /b/ . Anymore . Well , within the last month . That has to count for something , right ? \ 
* wanders off to hide in shame * 
I bought my boys ( rats ! ) a toy today as an early birthday/Yule/Christmas/Belated Haunukah/really early Kwanzaa/Boxing Day/New Year present . It's a rat ball . It's hollow , plastic , big . I call it The Death < PROPFEMALE > . Ryu took right off in it but he needs to learn the brakes . Kenshi just panicked then lay down in it . * sigh * At least I had fun . 
Awake . \ 
Alive . \ 
DO NOT WANT . 
Well , goodbye disabled folks of Washington . Goodbye non-emergency dental , eye and foot care . Goodbye state historical museums . None of this would have happened if you'd all voted for me . 
Woke this evening to red and blue lights and strobes . Xmas party ? Nope ; just our annual holiday car wreck at the corner of 112 and 4th . Hey , county , any < PROPMALE > of getting a signal there or regulating that intersection ? Heh , no ; who can afford it ? 
Ever have one of those days ( nights ) when you can't sleep because a stupid muscle keeps twitching , jolting you awake just as you drop off ? Yeah . I get that nearly every night . Fibromyalgia sucks . Especially when your doctor doesn't believe you have it . :( 
I'm going to regret this , I'm sure but ... I'm going to Renton today . Today , as in , the last Saturday before Christmas . I'm surely a dead man walking right now . Well , it's been nice knowing all of you ... 
FUCK OFF , DADT . Serve openly , my gay brothers and sisters . And thank you from the bottom of my heart . 
Bit off about an inch of chocolate Pocky biscuit stick for each of my rats . They bit down on them and I swear it looked like I'd given them each a rat-scale cigar . LOL 
Help , I'm scared . There's this HUGE blue dome over south Seattle right now and a big , bright warm ball in it . The light is unbearably bright and the ball makes everything warm to the touch . There's no water coming from the sky . We're all gonna die , I just know it ! AAARGHBLBLBLBL !!! 
Fibromyalgia sucks so hard . 67F is way too cold , yet 70F is way too hot . Earlier , 49F but standing in the sun was Spring-like . Can I trade in this body yet ? It's got 35 years on it and a few hundred-thousand < PROPMALE > but I need a trade-in . Else the road from here on in is going to be a LOT bumpier . :( 
I've earned $0.04 interest with Boeing Employees Credit Union . That's more interest that I had EVER earned with Chase . \ 
Fuck the banks ; join a credit union ! 
Some uber douche decided to park his Hummer H3 tank at the Burien < PROPMALE>'s grocery store so that he took up two parking spaces . Some other kind troll left a wet note on his windshield with a single word scrawled on it in big enough letters that all passers-by could read : \ASSHOLE ! \ " ... Indeed ... This trolling has been Kyle-approved ! " 
I need muscle relaxers . My left calf is trying to ball up . Hmm , I wonder how long I'll have to let a couple of shots of < PROPFEMALE>'s metabolize before I take a muscle relaxer ? I'm not ready for bed yet , though ! I'll try the booze first , see if that doesn't loosen me up . 
Bah , humbug ! 
Ok , just to be different : HAPPY Christmas all you wankers ! ;D 
< PROPFEMALE > has officially entered the United States . 
< PROPMALE > County Metro Trip Planner totally fails ass . It's telling me to go 5 < PROPMALE > out of my way in the wrong direction to catch a completely needless bus route to get to downtown . The bus that goes by my flat goes right to downtown , yet it wants me to head south and catch a redundant route north to downtown . And this was under the filter option \fewest transfers \"!" 
Thank \God\ " for Star < PROPMALE > s ... one of a few \ " heathen\ " places open on the Lord's birthday . Praise Jesus and pass the < PROPMALE > ! ;) " 
I honestly don't know what's worse , people using \your\ " for \ " you're\ " or people who've started using \ " you're\ " instead of \ " your\ " ! < PROPFEMALE > fails at education . " 
What is it about small dogs ( I call \anklebiters \") that appeal to the old and/or infirm ? \ 
This head cold might be survivable if the only medication I have for it didn't expire in June of 2009 . I guess that's a good sign that I don't get sick from head colds that often . The bad news is that , no matter what , I've got to go out tomorrow to buy new medicine . Hopefully stuff that'll knock me out for a year . 
Hmm , < PROPFIRST>'s is advertising their new menu item : Chicken Parmesan . Okay , anyone care to join me at < PROPFIRST>'s in Burien ? Yummy ! I've got to try this ! ( Though I usually go for the pancakes . ) 
Uuuugh , did you get the number of that donkey cart ? \ 
Unrelated , I'm starting to really hate AVG .... 
I'm a little worried . Could be all the booze ... I mean , cold medicine ... lately , but today my eyesight is crap . I'm squinting at my laptop which is literally less than arm's length away . :( Had to wear my glasses at grocery store earlier . Do not want ! 
I'll let you all in on a little personal secret before the big reveal tomorrow : I've always hated New Year's . And a little not-so-secret : I don't watch the Ball drop in Time's Square anymore because I hate to see happy ( always hetero for some reason ) couples snogging on TV . Also , I hope Seattle's Space Needle fireworks rock this year . 
The big reveal : I am transgendered . I am choosing on this day , 31 December , 2010 , to come out of the closet . I want to start 2011 with integrity and I have the full support of my brothers to back me . Please read my \comments\ " below for the rest of the story . " 
Something to keep in mind as everyone ( and their dog ) begins the month-long New Year's resolution to lose that extra 50 pounds : Eat right , exercise , die anyway . I figure that since you only get one shot at life , may as well live it the way you want to , and stop lying to yourself . 
Think I'm about to try out Sound Transit's new fare menu . All prices for reduced fare permit holders reflect < PROPMALE > County's fare rates . So one-zone AND two-zone fares are all $ . 75 . Now if only ALL prices were going down . 
Ah , the empty threats of an ecologically-aware bleeding heart liberal . I said to my computer , when it was starting to act funny upon startup : \You'd better start working properly or I'll recycle you ! \"" 
I'm currently discovering one of the < PROPMALE > drawbacks of facial hair . Sometimes you get a little hair that decides it's going to be a rebel and grow the wrong direction . Not only does it look unsightly but it also tends to tickle your nose hair every time you wiggle your lips or nose . Too bad nobody has really taught me any tricks to taming the wild ' stache yet since my bros are clean-shaven . 
I just came on Facebook to say that I completely forgot what I was about to post here . I really need to go to bed . \ 
Also , on an unrelated note , I'm uberically pissed off that I can't install Ambitions because my video card sucks . \ 
And , yes , when you are awake for longer than 24 hours straight with out a nap you are legally allowed to invent words . < PROPFEMALE > Palin must never sleep . 
my computer is dead so now updating via psp will be back online when i can yeah i need this in my life right now 
If u think u have to swear at your kids to get them to behave then u shouldnt be a parent . 
Especially if u are a man . No real man should swear at children or women . 
great after trying aircan computer still fucked up now tech support wont answer phone what am i going to do without my drug fix tonight 
I really hate being at the mercy of other people they inevitably let you down always 
i fucking hate motherfucking football forever and ever amen 
Never be quick to punish others for their troubles are often punishment enough . 
A real man never balks at a challenge and being in touch with his emotions and integrity is the ultimate challenge . 
Anyone can cry . It takes a real man to cry even when he knows others are judging him . 
Feeling anger doesn't automatically mean feeling hatred towards someone but that's the biggest mistake we all make in our society . 
No one should ever seek power over others for the simple sake of having power . That's the surest sign of weakness . 
Life isn't about seeing who can die with the most toys or who had the most power . It's about helping others and doing the best we can while we're here . That is the meaning of life . 
