had an ... eventful ... day and night . 

just watched the Camp Fox Dvd from 06 and misses camp . 
is disappointed in people . 
has to stop staying up so late when she knows she works on Saturday mornings . 
had an absolutely amazing weekend . Thank you so much Carpenter family . 
likes to eat ice . 
can't sleep . 
just wants to sleep . 
cannot wait to be done with work tomorrow . 
thinks that it is impossible , no matter how much sunscreen she puts on , to go to the beach and not get sun burned . 
is exhausted . 
wishes she could stop time . But don't we all ? 
thinks that some people are just .... unbelievable . And not in a positive way . 
... not being able to sleep really sucks when you have work in the morning . 
is so stressed all the time .... Can't wait to move back to school . 
has a lot on her mind ... 
is watching her favorite show , college edition . :P 
hates packing . But is sure the road trip will make up for it . 
ROAD TRIP ! Be back on Wednesday . =] 
is back from her trip . Exhausted but it was well worth it . 
hates packing with a passion . 
doesn't understand how her things always disappear . Missing : 1 bag of cords , 2 work shirts , 2 towels , 1 washcloth , and 1 pair of shoes . Now off to go shopping for a variety of miscellaneous things ... I hate shopping . 
is all packed and ready to move back to school tomorrow . :D 
is a klutz and now has a broken keyboard because of it . Poor computer . :'( 
is getting sick . :( 
never knows what to put here . Like people actually care ? 
has no motivation . 
is losing her brain power . 
finally finished her paper ! But I get to write another one tomorrow . =/ 
is finally done with her second paper after working for over 10 hours . =/ 
will be computerless for a few days . 
finally has her computer back ! =] 
is distracted . 
You can’t hide a bad mood from people who know you well , but you can always be polite . <- I often need to remember this . 
hopes her weekend will be as productive as she needs it to be . 
just found pictures from ' 98 at JEG . Wowwwww . 
has a love/hate relationship with her theology projects . 
Theology project grand total : 7.5 hours , 9 pages . 
is always making a fool of herself in public . Oh well , I think it was a good thing this time . 
is studyinggggggggg . 
is doomed . 
feels so overwhelmed when she thinks about the future .... 
is Professor Plum in study the with the candlestick . 
is Professor Plum in the study with the candlestick . 
Haha oh man . I'm so pathetic . http://jimspages.com/States.htm 
has a lot on her mind . 
has a ridiculous amount of things to get done this week . 
is going to be in trouble if she keeps straying from her strict schedule . 
is finding it very difficult to be motivated today . 
wants to scream !!!! 
doctrine project #4 grand total : 10.5 hours and 9 pages ( give or take about 2 hours for picking Lahren up at the airport and grocery shopping ) 
doesn't know what she is doing . 
is working on homework . yay ... 
is making delicious cookies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
cannot wait for this week to be over . 
busy being productive . 
thinks she's addicted to first-person tetris . 
music , blanket , a cup of tea , and a book . <3 
car broke , car towed , police < PROPMALE > , intense night . 
does not feel well at all . :( 
loves how you can tell which people are participating in Catch Me If You Can because of their profile pictures . 
. : thankful for extravagant love : . 
why am i upside down ? i shouldnt be upside down should i ? oh well ... penguin feet 
The real pi day was march 14 , 1593 . 
ooogaboobapoopypants 
has no motivation to write this paper . 
is determined to complete one of her papers tonight so that she can enjoy the weekend . Let's hope this motivation outlasts work and book study . 
Thank you so much for all of the birthday wishes . You are all so sweet . :) 
went to physical therapy today . The woman told me my spine is not in the correct position when I sit or stand . ... Now to try to undo 14 years of holding my spine incorrectly . Yay gymnastics ? 
why , when someone tells you to lie still for an MRI , does it become the most difficult thing in the world ? Everything seems to itch . And every muscle wants to twitch . 
i eat all your foods 
i hate doctors . 
I need to get paid NOW 
and the world spins madly on 
not feeling well at all today . =/ 
as if homework wasn't difficult enough already when I didn't feel super sick . 
seriously , what is going on . since when does my back pain hurt so bad that i literally can't walk ? i'm not even doing gymnastics anymore ... 
i guess the nearing of the end of the semester entails spontaneous trips to Disneyland :) 
the 91 freewy is too valuable . When it shuts down , it takes hours to go around because all of the other freeways become chaotic ... 
woke up at 6:30 am due to an annoying cat , drank two cups of coffee while watching Pirates of the Carribean , off to work early to do some cleaning for extra money , more work until 6:15 pm , family friends from up north visiting for the weekend , more friends coming over tonight to < PROPFEMALE > out , eat pizza , and swim ... Sounds like a busy , productive , and enjoyable day to me . 
:'( 
and the winds that blow remind me of what has been and what can never be 
i hate days like today . 
Is attending Centennial's graduation for the 4th year in a row . 
I can't do this all on my own . No , I know , I'm no superman . 
doing laundry , making lists , painting my nails ... so much to do . 3 days . wow . 
ooga 
T minus 12 hours before I have to be at the airport ... Crazy 
is heading to < PROPFEMALE > in the morning . 
off to London in the morning . 5 days til I'm home 
I'm home ! 
fall asleep around 8:30 pm and wake up at 2am . Yay for being off in my sleep schedule for the next few days . 
Just tried to upload photos from my trip and after going through and selecting all the pictures I wanted , it didn't work ... Grrrr I will try again in a little bit 
so after a few hours I FINALLY have all of my pictures uploaded , captioned , and tagged , from my trip to Uganda and < PROPFEMALE > with He Intends Victory and then a 4 day stay in London . WARNING : There are a lot . Have fun . ( And to those who went on the trip , feel free to tag anything else you want ) 
CLEAN CLOTHES !!!!! 
Back to reality ... Back to work I go . 
I have mixed feelings toward lazy days 
played hide-and-seek in a dream last night . Guess I'm just a kid at heart . 
so much to do before school begins . hey Biola people , is anyone getting notifications from school about when we finalize registration and stuff ? I feel like I'm missing something . 
GIVE Event tomorrow : TOMS\ 
Shoes , Krochet Kids , No One Without , Wahoos , Music , \ 
Artists , Irvine Spectrum , ACTIVE Ride Shop : Noon - 10pm 
I have decided I'm going to make it to Camp Fox next year ( well , God willing that is ... ) 
you know you're a nerd when a textbook comes in the mail and you get all giddy to open the package and smell the new pages . 
Disneyland with my little brother . :) 
Shooting stars make my night :) 
called Biola 15 minutes after office hours started and there's already a back up of calls due to it being the down payment deadline . grrrr . 
Today is just not my day . I knew this kind of day was going to happen soon ... 
has a busy weekend ahead . 
I'm pretty sure packing is one of my least favorite things in the world . 
is officially all moved in . 
is definitely NOT going to finish all the Lost episodes on Hulu before they take down the series finale . Bummer . :( 
8 days into the semester and the count for times I've tipped over in my chair is now officially at 1 ... 
Even though I'm gonna be uber tired tomorrow , tonight was pretty great . 
Google's homepage today makes me really excitedddddd . 
i cannot start making a habit of putting off my reading ... 
Lately life's timing just seems off ... 
I <3 Parenthood . 
my day long ( or half day long ) marathon of working on homework begins now ... 
\If swimming were easy we'd call it your mom\ " haha my brain must be dead from reading so much today because I found this hilarious " 
finally starting my paper . cross your fingers I finish by tonight . 
Disney day to relieve some stress :) 
I cannot believe that I haven't seen Toy Story 3 yet ... 
i want ... to take a dance class or something . dang . i shouldn't be this hyper/awake when i have work in the morning ... 
om nom your face 
this paper will be the death of me ... 
is preparing herself for a long day . 
This is not how it should be , this is not how it could be , but this is how it is . And our God is in control 
\Delight yourself in the LORD 
new favorite drink : blended spicy chai bomb :D 
Having an amusing and entertaining professor almost makes having a Friday class enjoyable ... almost . 
3D tv is much too realistic for me . And so , I am stuck watching ABC Family Halloween movies instead of actual horror films . 
I think being in a gym full of people all singing the Veggie Tales theme song in unison is a once in a lifetime event . 
Finishing my paper before the 11:59 pm deadline calls for a celebration . Toy Story 3 !!!! :) I've waited so long for this moment !!! 
this whole figuring out my future thing is really confusing my brain 
I have a lot of energy that I want to put to good use . But not in the way I should ... Instead of doing homework and going to work like I need to ( and will ultimately end up doing ) , I would rather be baking cookies , crocheting a blanket , painting my nails , or having a movie marathon with a good friend . Oh the wonderful world of responsibilities ... 
< PROPFIRST > Pan tonight with the family at the OC Performing Arts Center . I'm so excited !!!! 
One presentation , one final paper , two research papers , a p.e. paper , and 5 finals stand in the way of me and my winter break ... Praying for the motivation to get through this without tears . 
\You know what they say about tortoises with long necks\ " ... \ " Look my neck is so longg \"...\" Seriously Donatello 
Type your name : < PROPFEMALE > Wood\ 
Type you name with your eyes closed : < PROPFEMALE > Wood\ 
Type your name with your elbow : Cherykl wood\ 
Type with your knuckles : < PROPFEMALE > wwood\ 
Type ur name with your nose : Fdfye476o wood \ 
\ 
Copy and Paste , if you dare . 
Glee performing the Dirty Dancing song and < PROPFEMALE > and the Machine = <3 
don't you just hate when you can't , for the life of you , remember someone's name ? ... and you end up spitting out every name you can think of ... then wind up thinking a song title was the name you were looking for ... just me ? oh ok ... 
A free show at my school by < PROPFIRST > Bazan ? Don't mind if I do ... 
Update : 7 days , 4 finals , 3 assignments , 2 readings , 1 final paper , and 1 formation project before winter break . God is on my side and I can do this ! 
For some reason , I think < PROPMALE > is one of the most addicting shows ever . 
< PROPFEMALE > de leche white hot chocolate with mini marshmallows ... and a < PROPFEMALE > cane to make it taste Christmas-y . Yay for midnight cravings ? 
... and count the < PROPFEMALE > of our Lord as salvation ... 2 < PROPFIRST > 3:15 
sorry Biola Bookstore ... there is NO way I'm paying $915 for books this next semester . 
thank you Bank of < PROPFEMALE > Fraud Protection Services from saving me from losing $200 and possibly more ... I guess some times it's a good thing to be a poor student . :P 
Trust in the Lord with all your heart and do not < PROPFEMALE > on your own understanding . In all your ways acknowledge Him , and He will make your paths straight . -Proverbs 3:5 -6 
there's nothing quite like thinking you had assignments due tomorrow night , come to find out , they are due in less than 10 hours . here's to hoping I can crank out 2 papers without too much unnecessary stress . 
