I want my new camera 

I'm not quite sure why Mr. Hill can't get my name right . I'm not a bad student , I've told him how to spell it , I write it on all my papers , i doodle it on my hand randomly , and he still spells it wrong ... oh well , my grandfather spells it wrong too . 
I finally got one ! YES ! 
Grrr I'm still trying to figure this place out 
My bike tried to kill me ... I hate it . 
wants to kill the birds outside her window who woke her up 
there's a little reminder of my cousin's birthday and I'll still manage to forget it ... 
My father posted the dating rules on here for < PROPFIRST > . Everyone thinks he is joking ... my father doens't joke . He means every creepy word of it . 
is sick of being a nice person and helping out with < PROPFIRST>'s baseball team ! 
has decided her tball team is actually very cute and sweet . < PROPMALE>'s the best , he gave me a hug and said he missed me !!!! 
My phone died for maybe three hours and i got 13 messages ... over half were from < PROPFEMALE > . 
got her room clean by her standards , but proably not by mother's 
I'm nobody and nobody is perfect ; therefore , i am perfect . 
has a sore throat and tea doesn't help ! 
had a sore throat and now has an awful cough . 
got a haircut that she regrets getting :( 
finds it funny that facebook thinks she should reconnect with her mother . 
is tired and numb , which is better than being sad in her opinion , but she knows the sadness will come ... maybe 
has decided fictional characters are better than real people and would often make better boyfriends . 
all SKINID has done to my face is make it burn like ... heck ... it's so not worth it . 
isn't a pessimist ... she is a depressed optimist ! 
hates how just seeing him makes me smile , chuckle , and feel guilty . 
wishes her heart and head could agree on something 
listened to her head , not her heart , and doesn't regret it . 
Is terrified of storms and will not sleep tonight . 
Baseball , baseball , baseball , baseball , baseball , that's all I ever hear my family say , watch , or play ... please make it go away 
is going to tie-dye beach towels ! 
my gloves broke while tie-dying ... i now have very colorful hands . 
now has enough tie-dyed shirts to wear one every day of the week ... people shouldn't leave me home alone and bored . I'll tie-dye the whole house . 
loves how much she's managed to change over one school year . 
smile and nod , it's the best you can do . 
can't decide on purple , blue , pink , or all three ... help ! 
is feeling slightly better ... not really , but who cares ? I made cookies ! 
feels bad about upsetting her friends :( 
Can't stop coughing . She feels all sick . 
has a feeling she'll have to study for her exams at the doctor's office ... :( 
is writing a script for her story ... yay ! 
Why am I studying for Spanish when I'm dropping it next year ? 
just got the new Vladimir < PROPMALE > book ! YES ! 
asked ChaCha for adivce on a name that went well with < PROPMALE > and it told her to hula 5 times to the left then to the right and the answer would appear ... 
got eaten by Codzilla . 
followed the crabs that led her to 477 sand dollars ... 
The Game 
is back home 
I took a < PROPMALE > , I took a shot . And you might think I'm bulletproof but I'm not . You took a swing , I took it hard , and down here from the ground , I see who you are . 
doesn't want to go to PE ! 
is waiting for her brother and father to go to BBall so she can watch < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer . God , i'm so addicted 
< PROPFIRST > just turned to me and said \you only see like ten werewolves a year . You know ? Because of there only being like ten full moons a year . \"" 
is wishing she never met him . 
I take a step back , let you go . I told you i'm not bulletproof . Now you know 
is excited for tae kwon do tomorrow ! She hopes she will learn the third form ... though she thinks it's gonna be complicated . 
finds the health class online is really weird . 
And though it's truth you find , it's innocence you lose 
possibly getting a hair cut . Any suggestions ? 
why can't the pain go away ? 
There will always be a ' lie ' in believe . An ' over ' in lover . And an ' end ' in friends . 
Do I have to go to summer school tomorrow ? I don't feel like going through the mental and physical pain ... 
Cant decide which leg hurts more and needs ice first ... 
The itsy bitsy spider likes to kill people in it's sleep . Then it takes the bodies and feeds them to the baby itsy bitsy spiders . ( Bad nightmare ) 
Got a punching bag ! I hurt myself using it , but I hurt my dad too , so it's all good ! 
The world hates me . 
Who thinks my dad should let me get a hermit crab ? 
R . I . P my poor Camera . 
A days- Theatre 1 , Hon . English 10 ( Hill ) , Fund of Marketing ( Elson ) , Latin 3 . \ 
B days- Hon VA/ US Gov't ( < PROPMALE > ) , Lit Mag , Honors Chem ( Novick ) , Honors Pre-Cal & trig ( Vipond ) 
GRRR why don't I have classes with Torizle and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
once upon a time , words never hurt me , change never killed me , love never broke me , fear never shook me and my hopes never faded away ... once upon a time 
Why do people argue with me ? They should just shut up and listen to what I'm saying . 
He wrote more books , he wrote more books , he wrote more books ! * HAPPY DANCE * 
So close , yet so far away , story of my life . Oh well ... I hate school , it needs to get better . 
I don't know what scares me most . The thought I will fail and make a fool of myself or the thought that maybe I will do as good as everyone says and be stuck . 
I didn't dieeeeeeee ! LOL Nor did I totally fail . Go me , go me , go me ... gotta do it again tomorrow 
It's too early to be awake !!!!!!!!!! Can i go back to sleep ? 
might possibly have a date to homecoming ... yay ! 
So sleepy ... 
< PROPMALE > out with little kids today when I really could've been with kids my age ... oh ... I'm so special . 
Dear School , i hate you ... just thought you'd want to know . 
When did you get so confusin , Latin ? 
Ranger actually eats Pop-tarts . Like he came up and bit a huge chunk out of my pop-tart and ran off . Bad cat ! 
is so excited for homecoming ... * sarcasm * Well , it'll be fun , but not the highlight of my year . And the spirit week is just ... odd . 
Really , Deca ? Really ? Why did I take marketing ? I hate this ! 
Sleepy < PROPFEMALE > . Can I sleep until Friday ? 
I refuse , I refuse , I refuse , and I still need shoes , and I'm getting glow in the dark nailpolish ! 
Is going to a dance where she will she make sure her friends all get to dance and look awesome then will sit and watch and smile ... that's the plan . 
I think I've got it all worked out ... if people would stop butting in . So the girls have a pair except for C . B ... okay , I'll find her one at the dance . I lost my < PROPMALE > of asking the uncrush out ... who cares anyways ... so yeah , I've got the majority happy and giddy and homecoming will be okay now . 
There's no kindness in your eyes . The way you look at me , it's just not right . I can tell what's going on this time . There's a stranger in my life . 
doesn't feel well and should probably sleep . 
I finally got to go to Tae Kwon Do and there was only one other person in the class for most of it . Where was everyone lol ? I'm mad at you now , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , but not < PROPMALE > , you showed up . LOL I'm hyper and feel better ! 
No school , I got to sleep in , but my throat hurts ... grrrr ! Oh well , I get to do Tae kwon Do tonight because I don't have play practice . But < PROPFEMALE > won't be at class with me * sob * Maybe it'll only be two people again :p 
when i walk past you i get butterflies , when i look at you i cant look away , and when you talk to me i don't know what to say that's how i know i love you !! <3 
so freaking tired . School is too early ... can it start at noon ? 
off to tae kwon do , praying it's a good class ... meaning I don't get killed or injured . 
I see your name and my heart flutters , then I remember our conversations and how we'll never get together and I yell very bad things at my heart and try to forget you . 
Doesn't want to go to school tomorrow . 
When I think of all the time I've wasted , I could cry ... 
is mad about her grades and the fact that at Tae Kwon Do we are kicking pads not bags and I want to kick a punching bag to relieve my stress so i don't hurt an innocent person ! 
3 classes of Tae Kwon Do today !!! Yay ! And a M.A.C meeting after that ... homework after that ! I'm gonna have a fun afternoon/night :p 
I hurt myself in Tae Kwon Do , but I think I'm okay , my knee feels a little bit better now . I'm still going tomorrow though , even if < PROPFEMALE > and everyone else isn't . 
Uccidimi adesso 
i can unbend my knee now ! I'm still limping , but it's better . I'll be able to do the monday class , yay ! 
I just want to cry everytime I see you . 
feels like a little kid with < PROPFEMALE > braids in her hair <3 
really wants lemonheads !!!!! 
I like it on the counter . 
I managed to hit the target wrong in Tae Kwon Do and ended up bleeding ... lol go me ! 
It bugs me when people say ' oh , do you like me ? It seems like you don't like me . ' Trust me , if I didn't like you , you'd be dead . 
Would rather go to Tae Kwon Do than Coffee House :( 
Really needs a hug 
Drowning my sorrows in < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer ... not really helping 
Why can't you be mine and only mine ? I was never good at sharing things ... 
I missed testing for my green belt because I got sick . I'm so mad and sad and ugh I feel awful . Could somebody just kill me ? The pain would go away ... 
? · ? • ?? ???????? ?? • ? · ? Just Try ? · ? • ?? ???????? ?? • ? · ? 
? I love talking to you because you always make me smile but lately you make me sad because I just want to scream \Notice Me ! \"?" 
Just discovered I left my necklace at Tae Kwon Do in the locker room . Ugh ! I'm never going to find it . 
like this status and ill 1 , tell you something ive learned by looking at your wall , 2 , tell you the colour you remind me of , 3 , tell you my first memory of you , 4 , tell you the animal you remind me of , 5 , ask you something ive always wondered about you , 6 , tell you my favourite thing about you , 7 , give you a weird nickname , 8 , challenge you to post this . (: 
is too sleepy to do C-Crew for Tae Kwon Do ... 
is soooooo sore . I'm gonna hurt tomorrow 
Keeps whispering to herself \He's out there somewhere \"" 
My butt hurts from C-Crew , heart hurts from you , and my head hurts from math . Life is as normal as ever , lol 
I'm supposed to ge out of the past and not look into the future ... but I'm very uncomfortable with living in the now . 
I will manage to get everything to work this week ! Probably not ... but ... I will try ! 
Figured out that it's all pointless and is done caring . 
Hopes CCrew will magically get cancelled on friday 
OW ! My toe hurts ! No Tae Kwon Do for me today . 
It might not matter in ten years but it still hurts right now . 
Has discovered there are different degrees of goodlooking and everyone fits into one . I'm cute . Some of my friends are cute too . Some are pretty some are beautiful . It's like everyone has a different style ... 
I'm about to watch the < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show ... wish me luck . 
Won't have a shoulder to cry on tomorrow ... oh well . 
I made C-Crew ! I'm so happy ! I get to practically live , eat , and breathe martial arts now . 
When you fall the hardest , you find how strong you truly are . I must be pretty strong because I fall all the time and get right back up . 
Needs something to do on her no school day ... 
Mmmmm I'm cooking pumpkin seeds . They are turning out really nice . Aren't you jealous ? 
my foot was feeling better ... then I tripped and hurt myself more 
LOVES CIERR TO DEATH AND THINKS SHES THE COOLEST SMARTEST MOST WONDERFUL PERSON ON EARTH ! 
I'm sleepy , slightly annoyed , worried , and very cold and probably sickkkk ... sounds fun , right ? 
I'm babysitting the diablitos ... 
No one can beat me in < PROPMALE > Potter Scene It ... except Spencer ... but that was just luck . I think I might just have to have a party to figure out who can beat me . Any challengers ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is looking pretty old lately ... :( Maybe it's just because < PROPMALE > looks so young . 
I really want a < PROPMALE > to breathe . I guess I'll get it for a little bit on Friday Night . 
Nobody gets to laugh at me today . I'm dressed up for extra credit in DECA . It's not my fault ... uggggh 
My sore throat got really bad when I got to Tae kwon do so I ended up walking home because I felt sick ... ugh not fun . 
ONE MORE DAY OF BEING INSANE THIS WEEK ! 
? ? ? ? PERFECT SEASON ? ? ? ? 
I bet girlfriend is your song , isn't it , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I don't want to rest for a week !!!!!! But it beats going to the doctor . Oh well , I'll just work on flexibility . Heading off to college tomorrow . ;) 
It's raining , it's pouring , my head is really hurting . I always get headaches when it rains . 
i do not feel well . 
maybe the musical wouldn't be too bad ... 
I'm thinking i should go to bed before I totally snap at you , have a nervous break down , or faint ... night world sweet dreams :p 
Quare non legistis ? 
If i had a < PROPMALE > Potter Off next weekend who would be interested in going ??? ( Basically a party at my house :p ) 
Why can't I sleep ? Oh , right , because i fell asleep after dinner and no one bothered to wake me up so now I'm hyper . I blame my brother ... 
I saw < PROPMALE > Potter today and had my first butterbeer . It was amazing :p 
Hehe only < PROPMALE > my wonderful cousin would tolerate watching Avalon high with me . <3 
Sick today ... guess it'll be a < PROPMALE > Potter marathon . 
I really really hate math . I have no clue what to do ... 
I was feeling better ... now I'm feeling worse . Might be another sick day . I hate missing school though ... 
Any advice on how to make cats get along ? My hands can't handle more scratches . 
Twilight is Voldemort's fault . If he hadn't ordered for < PROPMALE > to be killed he never would've turned into a sparkling vampire ... grrr Voldemort 
PEOPLE ! Go to TropiKool Smoothie tomorrow from 5-9 and buy something ! It's for Diversity ... 
Rumor of a remake of < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer ... interesting and scary thought . 
Okay , 151 cans after going around half of battlefield . Divided between me and Cierra = 75 cans for my class . Meaning I've brought in 79 cans ... I need one more to make it even :p 
I test for my purple belt on Friday ... I'm terrified ! 
Testing wasn't pretty but I got through it . 
This week is not my week !!!!!!! Not allowed to wear eye makeup or contacts , have amazingly hard midterms on Friday , and I'm in pain thanks to Tae Kwon Do . And there's tons of other stuff going on ... grrrrrrr . Why do we even have midterms ? Take those away and it'd be an almost normal week again . 
For my monologue I have to work on big hand motions while i angrily yell at someone ... can anyone help me ? 
Belt Ceremony Today ! I get my purple belt ! 
is watching the wallflower with her kitten Roo 
I want my normal A Day and then a bunch of snow to hit because I can not pass this Chemistry exam ! 
Has no idea what to name her < PROPFEMALE > 
DECA , we've had a love hate relationship for a long time ... but I do believe I've never hated you more than this right now . I know all this stuff , why are you making me fill out a packet ? 
I'm very excited about my gifts from < PROPFEMALE > and the rest of my family :p So far today I've transformed two of my shirts thanks to one of my new books . I feel all special ... 
My new nook will not work because our internet sucks ... ugggggh ! So i've been reading actual paper ... which I'm starting to think is better . 
Is looking to buy a new camera . Do I have anyone who can help me ? I don't need something too fancy , just something that takes pretty good pics and i can < PROPFEMALE > around ... 
Only I can make RAINBOWS look goth 
Doesn't like her dad being on call . I do not enjoy hearing about all these awful things going on . 
Can not yet do three classes of Tae Kwon Do . My legs will not handle it ... damn shins . But hey , two full classes is still pretty good . 
Looks like an adult , not a goth teenager ... thanks DECA 
< PROPFEMALE > Bott's every flavor beans can be very gross but very tasty . Gross = Onion , Sausage , fish , pepper , pizza , cheese , cranberry apple and gravy . Tasty = Pear , marshmallow , peach , pink grapefruit , and lemon . 
< PROPMALE > ate my hard boiled egg this morning . I'm very upset . What kitten likes eggs ?! 
My new camera came in !!!!!!! I'm stalking cats with it now . The dog was smart enough to hide ... 
I might just be coming out of my fog ... quite possibly 
I do not look good white , but do want to go tot he white out dance thing . I have a bright blue dress I look good ? Any opinions on whether wearing the blue dress is okay ? 
Dear Monday , GO TO HELL ! Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Oh , good , it's just all a misconception . I'm still an aquarius ... 
My kitten tried to follow me to tae kwon do today ... 
Is making a mask ... more like failing . 
Dyeing my hair do not disturb . 
I look adorable in my whiteout outfit ! 
so ... sleepy 
I do not feel good at all . 
Going to school even though I feels icky . 
I don't know what I want . 
my mind stays on player agent stuff for only so long . Baseball sucks ! 
No school on my birthday ! 
So yesterday I went sledding and all I could think about was you ... 
Last night was really fun :) 
I'd really rather not have school ... 
I am not a girl who can ever be defined , sorry 
So this summer I might get to shadow my vet . I'm very very excited . 
experimenting with my hair ... could be ugly tomorrow 
< PROPFIRST > told me to write a poem . I do not like poems . I can't write poems . I ended up with this thing called Mirror , Mirror , and IDK what it is or how to make it a poem or what the hell it could also turn into . Guess litmag will be fun tomorrow ... 
I recreated my mom's USTMA shirt . It still needs work , but hey I'm wearing it tomorrow . I've just gotta keep a sweatshirt over it <3 
Everyone dies but not everyone lives . 
I was at Tae Kwon Do for five hours . Go me :p 
lalalalalalalala I'm loving life <3 
Latin was interesting today :p 
All my life i've been good , but now I'm thinking \What the hell ? \ " <3 You better watch out . " 
I hate acne 
I feel like such a girl for saying this but ... I just bought tons of makeup :p Go e.l.f 
I tried to smuggle my kitten to school in my bookbag . It didn't work . 
is in a good mood 
I made cupcakes for Latin class ... 
Is very proud of herself lol . 
hahaha , C-Crew with mouth guards is awesome ! ( sarcasm ) 
Never again ! 
So dried apricots are yummy ... dried mango not as much . 
To wake me up this morning < PROPMALE > jumped onto my bed . He rubbed his head against my cheek and let out a pathetic little mew . I opened one eye , glared at him , and said go away . He mewed again and I reached out to pet him . Then < PROPMALE > proceeded to fiercely attack my poor arm with his claws and kitten teeth . I am not happy . 
My room is a mess :( 
Pretty eyes <3 
< PROPMALE > gets snipped today . Poor thing has no idea ... 
I'm so tired . Can't I skip tae kwon do ? 
Sleeping on the floor isn't fun . 
Dad- < PROPFEMALE > , it's < PROPFEMALE > , right ? \ 
Me- No , father it's < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
Why can't he spell my name ????? 
I'm freezing ! I'm wrapped in two blankets and still cold . 
What's the rumor mill turning out now guys ? 
I'm terrified but loving it all at the same time lol . Go life . 
I lost my phone underneath a mountain of clothes . It's screaming for help but I cant help it * sob * 
If it makes you happy why the hell are you so sad ? 
Tae kwon do competition is the sixteenth of April . I leave on the seventeenth . I wonder how I will work this out . 
Why would you allow me to have nail polish ?? 
< PROPFEMALE > powers = best person in the world . 
I don't reccomend hitting ur knee on your bed ... 
I can be so mean when I wanna be . I am capable of really anything . I can cut you into pieces ... 
Life's really depressing when my dad's on call . Maybe not depressing , just heavy . I don't like hearing about all these awful things happening close to home . But I love that my daddy's making a difference and helping people . I love you dad . <3 
I want a \Kiss me I'm Irish\ " shirt . Anyone know where to find one ? " 
I'm covered in green sparkles ... when did this occur ? 
Kiss me I'm < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
I don't know how I got the bruise on my foot or why my toe on the other foot hurts so badly . All I know is it's annoying . 
< PROPFEMALE > sushi anyone ? 
Watch out I'm making chicken on a stick . 
I can't tell if I'm sick or if I'm tired . I think I'm both , but mostly sick , because i didn't wanna do tae kwon do today and I always wanna do tae kwon do , even if i'm tired . So I must be sick , but if I'm sick tomorrow and don't go to school litmaggers will go hungry without < PROPFEMALE > sushi * gasp * and they might eat the school instead ... 
I miss you . I shouldn't and there's no reason to but I do miss you . 
I might just go see music man tonight and sunday ... hm ... should I ? Is it worth seeing twice ? 
Hm , I think I will be punished tomorrow for staying up so late . 
Head contact with < PROPFIRST > mcgarvey was very fun . I hit his headddd . I'm so proud . 
If < PROPFEMALE > wasn't so annoying I would love Gone With the Wind . 
Life <3 
I . Do . Not . Want . To . Write . This . Report . 
Today is weird 
If you can tell a woman by her hands you must be able to tell a martial artist by their feet :p 
If I didn't have math today I'd be staying home sick . Grr . 
Wanna know a secret ? I bet you do . Boy do I have tons of them to tell also . my secrets , your secrets , their secrets , but I'm not going to tell them . Not until you earn my trust and pass the test and no one has ever passed the test . Hehehehe ( ramblings of a mad sick person ) 
I hate being sick . Hate it . Hate it . Hate it . I have a competition I need to practice for and be healthy for . Grrrr . 
No making fun of my voice . 
Tae kwon do competition tomorrow !!!!!!!! 
Big decision . I must makeup my mind within the hour ... 
Is becoming more and more miserable . Go away disease . 
