I can't stand all this rain . Where is the summer ? One more year of this and I'm in Florida . I can't wait . 

Bored !!! I need a martini . 
The day is wasted if you're not . 
I love days of no traffic . 
TGIF ! It's my Friday ! 
Marchettis last night . Also gonna be for lunch today too . 
Trying to figure out who told my Rotti he was a lap dog . 
Awesome ! According to my credit card company , I am partying and buying stuff in Cancun ... I hope I am having a good time ... 
It is official . I am naming my house \The Freeloader Inn . \"" 
Someone just smacked into the telephone pole outside my house . Ouch ! 
I hate highest and best days . Hope we got the right figure . 
Another tenant to evict . Does anyone pay their rent anymore ??? All I get is \It's gonna take you three months to get rid of me . \"" 
Anyone know the name of a good lawyer for an eviction ??? Just had to call the cops for suspected child abuse on this tenant . 
Eviction complete !!! The apartment is a pig sty though . Do not rent to a < PROPFEMALE > Nadeau . She even stole my fridge !!! Found a crack pipe in the heater . 
Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there . Happy Mother's Day to my mom . We all miss you ! 
My 25th high school reunion today and instead I went to see Marmaduke with my daughter . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . Trying to forget this is the 43rd . Yuck . 
Going to pick up the kids and head to dad's pool . 
Terrible , terrible day . 
< PROPFIRST > and OJ . Two good friends . 
Tenants fridge broke . Waiting for teh delivery guy with the new one . Boring . 
Headed to Narragansett with my daughter to < PROPFEMALE > by the pool . 
Psyched ! Headed to Texas Roadhouse . 
Ex wife's purse got stolen in Providence Last night . Hopefully the cops bag the guy . 
Just found out how crazy my ex is . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Pub tonight . The best martini's around ! 
I am so fried from being out in the sun all day . 
I am very intrigued .?.?. 
Time for a drink . Too many crazy people around . 
Cowesett Inn Makes good Martinis too ... 
All right , going on a bike ride ... Then probably an ambulance ride ... Followed by some time in the emergency room ... But I am keeping fit !!!??? 
The church people are going door to door again preaching ... What a time to misplace my bat ... 
I made cookies today ... I have never baked . And the people who had them actually survived !!! I am shocked !!! No trips to the hospital to have a stomach pumped . 
It's finally over . I'm free !!! Woo Hoo !!! 
It's my daughter < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday today . The little one on the left in my photo . 7 Years old today . 
Pool paryt for < PROPFEMALE > today . Can't believe she is 7 . 
< PROPFEMALE > said it was the best party ever . Could not get her out of the pool . 
< PROPFIRST > has orientaion for middle school today . Growing up too fast . 
Psyched ! Starting new job Monday . 
Another exciting night . Just got done clipping the dogs nails ... Living on the edge ... 
What a bad friggin day . Thank god for Vodka !!! 
You haven't lived if you haven't had a < PROPFIRST>'s Pub martini ... or two ... or three ... or ... What was I saying ??? 
I want the sun back . Rain is too dreary . 
Am I seeing things or did the rain finally stop ??? Guess I should stop building the ark . 
I have to start partying in Providence again . Walking the street the other morning and saw an unattended bra on the sidewalk . 
\I Rather Be In Pain By Honesty Than Pleased By Your Lies \"" 
Had a good day today . Sitting back enjoying an imported beer . Keep thinking about a Scorpion Bowl for some reason ... 
So much for the good day yesterday ... Time to bend over again ... Just bruised 3 fingers in my right hand then picked up an extremely hot steel pan ... Not doing good ... 
C'mon < PROPMALE > ! I love a good storm . 
Is it me or was this years < PROPFEMALE > parade mostly politicians ??? 
Fireworks around here tonight . The chihuahua is hiding under my chair and Spike is asleep . 
Re arrange the house day . Got rid of all the clutter . 
Made an awesome pork loin tonight . Cut like butter . I guess there is nothing to this cooking bit . 
I'm an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN : I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > and to the republic for which it stands ; one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and justice for all . I grew up reciting this every morning in school it is a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending someone . Now , let's see , how many of us < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this & not care about offending anyone 
Why do I have this bad feeling that summer is over ??? 
Someone hacked into my AOL account . Sending out spam e-mails . Not good . JUst changed passwords and doing a complete scan . 
Cleaned the house and making another pork loin . Instructions make life a lot easier . 
I psyched . My newest mid-life crisis is parked in the driveway . Never had a car so small . 
Life's too long to live with regrets . 
Not happy ... Sales meeting at 9 tonight ... Was hoping to kick back for the evening ... 
Bad friggin day so far . Spike is bleed internally somewhere . Already been to the animal hospital . Waiting for the results now . 
Got Spike home . He has 6 medications to take . Still has to go back tonight at 5 and then tomorrow at 9:30 . 
Great ... I'm cooking for my dog tonight and nuking my dinner ... 
Spike is home again . He has to taker 6 medications which consists of 22 pills per day . I am glad he isn't bleeding anymore . Wescott House time !!! 
Maybe it's me but when I make an appointment , I not only show up on time but I show up ... Damn electrician . 
Working 10-6 all weekend at Countrywide on Oaklawn buying gold and silver . I have a feeling its going to be boring with Halloween going on . 
At Countrywide in the South County Commons today ... It's lonely down here . 
Down at South County Commons at Coutrywide today . Lonely down here . 
Spike got a clean < PROPMALE > of health yesterday . He is doing much better . 
AHHH-CHOO !!!.....? (-???•?) ?..... if you're\ 
allergic to bullshit , drama queens , head games , liars , two-faced fake \ 
people , shit stirrers & down-right nasty pieces of work , keep this \ 
sneeze going !! I'm looking forward to seeing who will re-post this ! 
Still trying to breathe after pricing out the things on my daughter's Christmas list . Time for a home < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Ok , I opened the store on time and everything looks good . Now to figure out how to change the radio station from Christmas music to something else ... 
Am I the only one who still can't get onto Farmville ? People keep sending me things so I am guessing they got on . 
I don't like having to scrape ice off the glass on a convertible . The top is meant to be down not frozen . 
Went to the town hall to find out they increased the tax rate on real estate over 50% . We now pay $31.723 per thousand . Personally , I would prefer someone in a mask with a gun to < PROPMALE > me . 
Not happy . I realized my Christmas shopping list was on the kitchen counter when the kids were over . Hope they didn't see it . :-( 
I am seriously thinking about moving to Florida now . This state has become a steaming pile ... 
South Kingstown Animal Control Officer in the Animal Control < PROPFIRST > is down here doing personal business at Cox on town time . You tax dollars at work for you . 
TGIF !!! And pay day !!! The drinks are on me ... Just be sure to bring your wallet ... and cash ... and bail money ... 
Gonna try out that place called Balls Bar and Grill . Someone told me that it's is nuts over there ... 
Great day yesterday . Got a bonus , got paid , got silver coins for change , and went for drinks at Balls Bar and Grill . Supermarket was a mad house today though . 
There should be something in the law books called Justifiable Road Rage . If you are in the passing < PROPFIRST > and everyone is passing you in the slow < PROPFIRST > , you deserve Road Rage . It's called a passing < PROPFIRST > for a reason . It's not called Farting Around < PROPFIRST > . Get the hell over ! 
I just want to take a minute to say ... Bah humbug !!! I feel much better . 
Again Bah Humbug ! First Christmas alone ... Not counting 2 whacky dogs ... 
My daughter is amazing . All the toys she got for Christmas and all she wants to do is read the book I gave her . Unfortunately it is Twilight but at least she likes to read ... 
I'm ready to give two middle fingers up to this past decade . Hopefully 2011 will be better . 
Think I am going to start bringing a pillow to work ... This is boring ... 
Ok so quitting smoking is good for my health ... But what about the health of the person I choke to death cuz I am on edge ... 
Not a bad week . Refi going through , collected the rents , a few good sales , free weekend , and some random girl gave me her number ... This week was not bad at all ... 
Lets all give a standing O to the West Warwick plow guys for the great job they did ... At not scratching the plow blades since they didn't apparently use them . Way to earn your $100.00 per hour ... 
You'd think with the amount of times I've been run through hell that I would have picked up a shot glass souvenier . 
Hoping not to get stopped on the way to Providence Place after work . Have a meeting 20 minutes after I close the South County Commons Store . This is probably going to end in at Traffic Tribunal ... 
Hit the highway with salt on the windshield and then ran out of washer fluid . I had to use the force to get to work today . 
I'm sick of grilling in the snow . I picked up a < PROPFIRST > Foreman grill . Hope it works . 
Prepped and ready for the storm ... Some people get milk and bread ... I got Vodka and < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Someone wake me when it is spring . 
Happy Birthday Spike !! I got him at the shelter 2 years ago . Since he was a stray , I decided his birthday would be this day . Friendliest Rotti you could ever meet . 
Back from the Vet . Spike is cured !!! No more meds . < PROPFEMALE > also had her shots and they say she is a little fat . Isn't 25 Lbs normal for a Chihuahua ??? 
Math Question - My car is approximately 16 feet long and my house is about 40 + feet off the road , now how fast does the inbred redneck plow driver have to be going to not only cover my car from bumper to bumper but also spray my house with road slush ??? 
Looking out in the parking lot at all the SUV's and 4 wheel drives ... Then there is my Spyder ... 
I finally got mail !!! For the past week the mailman has been to afraid to come out with snow on the ground . My walk was shoveled and salted . 
I'm thinking about studying Chinese government and culture . Might as well be prepared for when they take over this country . 
Not happy ... Slipped on the ice and almost busted my a$$ ... I hate snow !!! 
Just watched the movie \The Crazies\ " ... And I thought it was gonna be about ex-wives and ex-girlfriends ... " 
Interesting day today . Worked the mall 1-9 , had some good sales , tried the new Frito Burrito from Taco < PROPFEMALE > , my daughter came to see me , watched my ex-girlfriend go by the store ... twice ... 
This < PROPFIRST>'s Day is gonna suck . I have always gotten flowers for someone . I always got flowers for my mom and if I had a girlfriend , Fiancee , or wife . Not even 11 and I need a drink ... 
Anybody have some Chap Stick ?? I'm at the South County Commons store and it is a dry 75 degrees in here ... Glad I'm not outside though ... 
It's interesting how people with SUV's become < PROPFIRST > Andretti when it snows out . 
Just finished my book ... Not happy ... The Commons is deserted and I still have 4 hours left ... 
Woo Hoo !!! < PROPFIRST>'s Pub here I come . Martini Time !!! 
State Trooper just flew into the Commons driving the State Police Suburban . Apparently the emergency was he had to pay his Cox < PROPMALE > . Your RI tax dollars at work . 
Can't wait to go home and have a nice tall glass of OJ . Of course too much vitamin C is bad for you so you have to dilute it .... with lots of vodka ... 
Why do I have an ad that keeps popping up for \Cougar Date Link\ " ??? I am curious and yet scared at the same time ... " 
Just realized just how much tomorrow is gonna suck ... 
I remember as a kid , you would look up in the sky and there was a nice warm yellow orb out there . If I recall correctly , they used to call it the sun . Oh the memories ... 
Two years have gone by since you passed . We still think about you and miss you every day . You were not only our Mother or grandmother but also our best friend . We love you and miss you Mom . 
My oldest daughter's birthday today . She is not on facebook but I'll say it anyway . Happy 11th Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Woo hoo !!! Working on a Sunday at the Oaklawn store ... Glad I'm bringing a book ... If you're passin by , bring a coffee ... 
So how many people would think I was crazy if I drove home with the top down ... 
It's only 9 AM and I am already looking forward to coming home and having a nice tall glass of ... Uh ... Orange Juice ... Ok Ok orange coloring in Vodka ... 
Bummed ! Having a birthday patry for my daughter at < PROPMALE > and Busters tonight and her younger sister is sick and can't make it . 
Not happy ! Dropped over $100 somewhere at the Providence Place last night . 
I usually ask for someone to bring me a coffee when I am at the Commons . The way my day is going , make it a shot and a beer ... 
I could have sworn that the original Sea < PROPFEMALE > at Quonset Point had a cigar in his mouth about 20 years ago and now he doesn't . I also don't know why I am thinking about this right now ... 
Time to get a coffee and hit BJ's . Living on the edge today ..... 
Black pin-striped suit , white shirt , black shoes , black grey and white tie , neon green bandaids ... Yeah I'm styling today ... 
Got up early with the dogs and made a snow angel ... the hard way ... or you might say I fell on my a$$ ... Or if you were there , you probably would have said \Ah ha ha ha ha ha !!!! \ " and pointed ... " 
I either need a full length mirror or a girlfriend to find out how bruised I am . 
\It's not tipping I believe in . It's over tipping . \ " - Can't remember the movie this came from " 
It seems like yesterday . You stood out over the rest . I brought you home and we had some good times and some bad times . Now we must part . You will take your last ride in the morning . I will bid you a fond farewell with a tear in my eye . Rest in peace my friend .... Ok , now time to open the new bottle of Vodka . 
The worst part about my kids staying for the weekend is when they leave . This house could be filled with 20 people and it would still feel empty . 
I feel like the day looks ... I need a Martini IV ... 
Thank you Commonwealth Ave . I now have a busted belt in my tire due to the crater like pot holes . Where do I send the < PROPMALE > ??? 
Prado has a new e cigarette out and they are offering it for free . This is a scam . The Better Business Bureau already has over 200 complaints filed against them . I say this because they are sending out e-mails to people offering this scam . 
Well I own my own house ... Again ... 
Just came to the realization that all those annoying things my dad did to us as kids , I now do to my kids ... 
Think I'll become a AAA Student Driving Teacher . Just watched the guy roll a stop sign . 
Woo hoo !!! Going to < PROPFIRST>'s Pub for dinner . My favorite ! Can't beat their Martini's! 
I feel itchy and caged . I want to go out and shake the pilars of heaven and scare the sh1t out of the devil . Wish it was a Friday !!! 
For lent I am giving up sarcasm .... Yeah right , like that's gonna happen ... 
100 pound Rotti with an upset stomach ... This night is not going to end well for my nose ... 
Great quote and true about some people - \Stop telling lies about me and I'll stop telling the truth about you . \"" 
Sitting here at Balls on Oaklawn getting my a$$ kicked on these country and western questions in trivia . 
IM-ing my roommate who is just downstairs ... Talk about lazy ... 
Just wondering if the earth went through a cosmic idiot cloud and I was in my lead based painted house and not affected .?.?. 
Top is going down on the ride home tonight . What a day to be stuck working ... 
According to Facebook , it is hug an Italian day . Hopefully my accountant will be hugging me with lots of refund checks ... 
Looks like a rain / snow mix down here ... And I thought this was the first day of spring ??? 
Ok who took the sun ??? It was nice out when I got down here ... 
Heard something odd today . Someone said they had true love today but had to make a deal with the devil . If it is true love , why would you have to make any deal ? True love is a two way street and you fight for one another ... Just really odd ... 
I have to wonder which is scarier . When I was a kid and knocked on the door and said \I'm here for your daughter . \ " or knocking on the door now and saying to the kid \ " I'm here for your mother . \"???" 
Damn Panera Bread ... They stopped by my shop with free cookie samples ... All gone now ... 
Why do I feel so guilty about deleting an app on my IPhone ??? They all start shaking when you are in delete mode ... 
Trying to figure out what died in the store this weekend ... 
General Tso's chicken and Chihuahua don't mix ... 
You know you are addicted to coffee when you bring a travel mug full just in case there is a long line at the Dunkin Donuts drive thru to get a coffee . 
I hope I can find some time in the day so that I can throughly enjoy this raging headache that I woke up with ... 
\I was not the one who stabbed the Captain with the pickle . \"" 
Surrounded by women and my room mate has to mess with his phone for an hour . 
You know it's going to be an interesting night when your roommate picks up a napkin and calls over the waitress and says \Can you smell this for me ? I think it smells like chloroform . \ " And she starts to take a sniff ... " 
Received my refund today . Gonna buy my dad dinner ( if he lets me ) and spoil the kids with toys . 
Just heard that my daughter is going to be reciting something on Cat Country this week . Wish I had a tape deck so I could record it . 
If you don't stand for something , you will fall for anything . 
This is a warning - I'm already having a bad day . Don't give me a friggin reason to buy a Sawzall and Lime today . 
Who wants to go outside with 9 irons with me ??? I could use the friggin rest ... 
Internet keeps going down here at the South County Commons . 
Just got done painting eggs with the kids . First time I have ever painted them . Now have an orange circle on my counter cuz the container leaked . 
My daughter will be on Cat Country tomorrow morning at 7 . She is one amazing kid . 
We have a table with fake $100 bills in front of the store . Kids run up and grab them . The parents just give me a look like I am in a trenchcoat with a sign that says \Free Candy !!! \"" 
I got a date for Friday night ... Going with my daughter to the daddy / daughter dance ... Better bring some excedrin ... 
Not happy ! Daughter was supposed to be on the radio at 7 . They wound up putting her on earlier and I missed it . Listened to Cat Country for nothing this morning ... 
Not happy ! It's been beautiful all day and I was looking forward to putting the top down on the ride home . Now it looks like it is going to down pour . 
Woo hoo !!! Made first tier and closing in on second !!! Two more days to go !!! 
Looking outside and I see someone spent good money for racing wheels for a Prius ... Really ??? What are you thinking ???? 
Daddy / Daughter dance tonight . This should be fun ... Need Excedrin and a flask of < PROPFEMALE > ... 
At daddy / daughter dance ... Standing near fire alarm box ... Hmmmm .... 
Always something . Spike is sick again . 
Running Spike to the vet today . He is still bleeding . I hope this is just an infection and nothing worse . 
Just an update on Spike . He has a bad urinary tract infection . I hope that is all and that he gets better within the three weeks before his next appointment . 
What a fun day . Dog sick and now one of my tenants is leaving . Anybody looking for an apartment in West Warwick ? 
Headed to Balls on Oaklawn ... Should be another interesting night ... Do I hear more bail money ??? 
Keeping a low profile today . Too depressed already . I miss my mom . Need me , call or text . 
