off to dinner at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and then to Northpark for a midnight showing of < PROPMALE > Potter & the Half Blood < PROPMALE > 

is going to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > at Nokia tonight 
is happy that a night out alone turned into a night out with old friends . @ Mr. Malbec drinker ...... come by the store the next time you go to Zeus and I'll introduce you to our wine guy .... he really knows his stuff . 
The Pac-Man game on the Google home < PROPFEMALE > is really helping me have a productive day at work 
doesn't understand why picking up my paycheck on payday has to be such an ordeal . 
has had an interesting weekend . Saturday I was fired for opening a bottle of wine for a tasting that the owner had told my co-worker not to open ( I was never informed of this decision ) . Then today I'm told to show up at my regular time on Monday and I bet nothing will be said about the incident . \ 
On the up side this allowed me to have a much needed and very nice Saturday night off . 
82 degrees inside my apartment .... I think something is wrong with the A/C 
today isn't starting off so well ... woke up to find 5 of my oldest and largest fish dead . 
Ugh ... looks like I'm in for another night without AC 
Got called into work early today . Looks like I get another Friday night off . What to do ? 
Umm ... Shouldn't a liquor store be busy on Saturday ? 
is off to the land of IKEA 
one of the perks of the liquor buisness ... stopping what you're doing in the middle of the day to do 3 shots of < PROPFEMALE > so you can taste a new product . 
Yawn !! 
3 1/2 hours left then 2 days off !!! 
just one more hour to go !! .... not that I'm counting or anything 
I think I'm in for a painfully slow night at work since everyone thinks we're closed today . 
Is it wrong to have a buzz while at work ? 
crap day at work ... I need a drink or ten !!! 
Watching the drunken masses is fun 
A Saturday night where I don't have to close . What to do ? What to do ? 
To all my fellow Grindr users ... I just had an ad for \Pure Life Ministries\ " about curing homosexuality come up while I was using the app . Please email them with your thoughts at help@grindr.com . " 
Sitting in the dark at work ... Been here for less than an hour and we have lost power twice 
Have to say not a big fan of the patio side of the bar at Bolsa 
At work drinking sake 
has the day off after all ! 
is having a painfully slow night at work . I'm guessing everyone got their fill of alcohol during TBRU . 
Kind of sad that I've been on facebook more than I've helped customers tonight but it's just been that slow . 9pm can't get here soon enough 
After 15 months of being back at the liquor store I broke my first bottle tonight and of course I did it right before closing time . I suppose it was going to happen sooner or later . 
Tonight could not have gone better if I had planned it . :) 
