now has a broken phone until thursday . 

is okay . Just need prayers and time . 
has roommates ! 
has nothing to update a status with , but wants to update people . Problem . 
is done with the first day of classes ! 
What's an interesting fact about me ? Quick ! 
is 19 ! 
needs help with amtrak . Is anyone an amtrak master ? 
is having chocolate pudding and nilla wafers . This is the good life . 
hates being blatantly used and discarded . 
is tired , but bursting with happiness . 
You know you're in college when you notice there's a banana hanging from the ceiling of the elevator . 
might have a haunted dorm . :[ 
Does anyone find me funny ? 
Beware the drunk zombies . 
is taking a class called The Vampire Tradition . There's potential of great lols here , I just know it . 
left her heart in Rocklin . 
Just went to do some homework only to find out I already did it last week . I should try this more often . 
is obviously out of her mind . The real < PROPFEMALE > would never clean her room . 
is sick with no meds . Halp . 
Poll : Is it wrong to share songs online ? give reason please . 
shouldn't be allowed to grow plants . I think I planted them upside down . Fail . 
breaking out the fun dip . This could get interesting . 
was unaware that trying to take a summer class was so stressful . 
Today I made my own happiness . 
is accepted ! 
was entertained by a very confused cop car . 
Today is simultaneously 4/20 and a Tuesday . I expect laughable things from you , San < PROPFIRST > . 
I think relationships should be about sweet nothings and tactical support . 
It's funny how hair turns into strawberries sometimes . 
is shaking in her proverbial boots ! 
It's been a day of huge success and crushing defeat . 
How I know my mommy loves me : oatmeal chocolate chip bars . 
I bought milk to cheer me up . :/ 
Just took the happy pills . Zoooooom ! 
Twlilight broke the dvd player . Seriously . 
Seeing the 2010 graduation brings back fond memories and a craving for cereal . 
went on an adventure with the < PROPMALE > family . One word : Amazing . 
might be in a DDR addict phase . Too bad I can't find my dance pad . 
It's easy to fly . Just miss the ground . 
My dad is coming home ! I've missed daddy hugs . 
Go away , clicky app . Nobody likes you . Not even your mother . 
Slow down semi-truck ! You're losing your broccoli . 
I helped rescue a cat today ! 
I suddenly see why college students have no free time ... 
I've been informed that the lump on my arm is called muscle . 
Why , hello there birthday . Nice to see you again . 
The best part about wearing a Gir costume is watching peoples ' faces light up with joy . 
Went to the gym all by myself . It was awesome ! 
Help ! : I need to securely glue small , uneven surfaces of plastic together . Suggestions - go ! 
Let's see if < PROPMALE > Potter gives me interesting dreams tonight ... 
Moo meets the Snow : a comedy . Coming to a screen near you . 
PLEASE \ 
put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in ... the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this . 
Awkward Feeling : waiting for results when you don't know how you want them to turn out 
Performing open heart surgery on my DS . I'm scared . 
First boot up on the DS : Sound works , but something is wrong with the screens .... sigh . 
Doctor's note : Patient has been revived several times on the table , but always with severe brain damage . Future surgery may be attempted - but the risks are fatal . 
