This FaceBook shit is confusing . 

PASSED MY DRIVING TEST , GOT MY LICENSE TODAY !!! 
I'm a little DySfUnCtIoNaL , don't ya know ? 
Mexico was hella fun :) Back to boring old Rocklin , can't wait to visit my mama is Frisco !!! 
Gettin ready fo councilin ! My fav day of the week :D 
First day back to work in 2 weeks . Lame ! Then off to see mama an her new place in the city !! ::: > 
Spent my first night at my mommy's new place in the city , wake up to find my cars been towed .. Great 
I never wanna leave here !! .. so maybe i wont : > 
I wish things were easier ::( 
:) Peanut Butta and Nanners 
Just got back from africa ! sooo much fu , go USA and Spain !! 
Yaaaaaaaaaaay Spain !! 
hanging out with my favorite sister in the whole world =) lol ... i knew thats what < PROPFIRST > would write now so i just put it for her ehehe 
I love my family an my beastie Chey .. They always here when i need them :) 
You can't cloud my vision cause you're see thru 
ahhh what a good night ! \ 
night night 
Rada Radaa rada rada 
I'm Pinky and Rakeem is the brain thats filled with air , i'm smarter :: > 
PAAAAY DAY !! :] 
My phones broken . awsome 
I'm lost :( 
Looking for a room to rent ! Anybody know of any cheap places for rent ? 
FOOOOOOOD ! Im starvin < PROPMALE > man 
I love pay days !! :: > \ 
Filled up my gas tank . Shweeeet 
It's never too late ... 
I wanna burrow into my cave ! 
First day off in over a week . What to do .. hmmm\ 
Starting off the morning with spilling a slushie all over my head . awsome 
I hate guys 
Oooh lazy days ! :] 
Buying a new ipod today . I love when i drop my electronics in the toilet yaay . :( 
are there any good people left in this world 
Oold my aand :] 
Mmmmmm taco pizza for dindin ! Two of my favorites in one 
We all have a weakness , some of ours are easy to identify 
Paranormal activities 2 .. I'm so scared ! 
I wish i was born all knowing , i very much dislike studying ! 
Siick :( 
Just voted for my 1st time ! 
Kickback tonight for our birthday ! text me if u wanna come 916-910-5133 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!!! 
yaaaaaay fatty day !! Happy turkey day everyone 
They need to make seats with butt warmers for the toilet . i hate cold ones ! 
Ew .. ants please go away 
Its freezzy in my room ! I need a nuggle < PROPMALE > 
Ima crazy scorpion :: > 
I have sleeping issues 
laaaaazy days :: > 
I know it feels insane on the train with no love 
Who wants to come with me to watch the < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? 
My little sister just found out < PROPFEMALE > isnt real .. water works :( 
Leavin fo Indonesia tomorow !! Super stoked 
The thunder here sounds like the earth is cracking 
So sun burnt ! Gah 
First day of school an i got a parking ticket . Thank you officer alway 
socks make the best tissues . my nose hurts from blowing it into cardboard paper towels 
Time to go on a loooong drive :: > 
Each head is a world of its own ::: ] 
GIRL SCOUT COOKIES !! mmmmm all fo me 
Mother nature is being a bitch 
Just lookin for whats real 
I guess McDonalds really isnt cool with facial piercings lol who wants to kick it ?? 
my feets are cold . meh 
yaaaay for my day off today ! i lost all my < PROPFIRST > so text me if ya wanna kick it 
shitty . 
With the < PROPFEMALE > i run , far from the carnge of the firey sun 
money tree where are you 
when am i gonna meet someone who understands me 
