Good Morning 2010 ! 

First day of 2010 is closing ... so far so good for this New Year . 
I made 30 bars of soap last night ! The house smells good ! Now I have to go to town to run some errands ... and get supplies . It's an overcast day but I'm feeling sunshiny on the inside ! :) Take Care and God Bless ! 
Its stopped raining for the moment ... but there will be more . Making soap again .. Lavender jojoba and citrus < PROPFEMALE > with green tea ! 
Its a blustery day ! Gonna try my hand at indoor gardening starting today . This will be an experiment to see if I can grow mesclin greens and baby spinach in my window :) . 
Why is it that you know where something is ... until you go to get it . I couldn't find the spinach seed , so mixed lettuces and one green ice loose leaf . I know I will find the spinach now that I am finished ... augh . 
Were did the sun go ? I miss it .... :( 
been feeling lousy ... starting to getting over an ear ache and sinuses ... 
AM NOT ASHAMED !!! Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior . We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > . If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status ! 
Insomnia strikes again ... but a least my ear ache is finally gone ! 
Here we go again ... I can't sleep .... augh ! 
Argugh ... Good morning , I guess . ( Yawn ) My baby boy is back this weekend from NCSU , requesting home cooking ! 
My baby left me again .... :( ... But at least he does his own laundry ! 
Monday , Monday ..... My mom is driving up from Florida . Leaving sunshine for this ?! lol Please , pray for her safety on the road ! Today Momma and Thurdsday ... Gradma's House ! 
Gloomy weather is making me sleepy ! ... Mom left this morning to go to Grandma's ... Just doing laundry ... yada yada . 
Happy day after Thanksgiving ! We had fun at Grandma's House , yesterday . I WILL NOT be shopping today ! ha ! You couldn't get me to the mall , even if you gave me the money ! 
' Tis the season to keep busy ... 
Brrr ... I am cold ! Great day to try a new soup recipe ! Mulligatawny Soup ! 
It has been a lovely day ! :) ... and I want a do over tommorrow ! 
tgif ... off to pay < PROPMALE > ... or peter .... or was that paul .... now who do I hit over the head ? ;) 
It's been nice having < PROPFIRST > home for the weekend .... and a miracle ... no fights between him and < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > helped me make soaps for Christmas orders ! 
Its Monday ... again ... arugh ! 
It's been a buzzzzzy day ... rabbits , chickens , goats ... oh my ... welcome to my farm frenzy ! 
* siffle * cough ** working my way back ... to the land of the living . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas ! Hope you are all having a blessed day ! 
We're having Goat Kids ! Yeah ! :) SO Far one baby girl .... see her first pic ... 
Dinner ?! I almost forgot sbout that .... too busy holding < PROPFEMALE > . I am in love with her .... he he 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are napping together ... she thinks shes a puppy . He's a good big brother ! 
Clean the house , clean the house ... it never is done ! Or at least not for long ...... 
Mama's Bragging .... < PROPFIRST>'s GPA for his 1st semester at NCSU ( School of Engineering ) .... 3.4 .. yeah !!! :) 
WHistle while you work ... yada yada ... forget Spring cleaning were New Years ' cleaning ! Mostly just tired of seeing Christmas stuff ... been seeing it everywhere since October .... Hubby's trying to make our front yard flat again after the pines where cut down ... Maybe we'll have grass this Spring ... please , please , please ... 
one off to school .. one off to work ... two goat babies bottle fed ... collect eggs , feed chickens , rabbits goats , do laundry , clean kitchen , mop the floor , yada yada ... and go to dmv sometime today ?!... I need coffee .... NOW ! 
pink 
No snow at all , and still the schools freaked . 
Friday ... I am ready for the weekend ! Hubby's had tuff week ... lots of heat pumps breaking down ! BRRRR ! < PROPFIRST > goes back to class at NCSU Monday . Having a nice family weekend ! 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will you ? 
bwahahahaha . . . . mom left her < PROPFEMALE > logged in XD 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! Stay off my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I am glad to see the weekend on the horizon ! It's sooo close ! 
I sang to your mom at the dinner table because that's how I roll . 
Is the weekend over already ..... 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! ;~} Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate but they count too ! I love you , Mom ! 
Everyones out of the house ... finally ... nice and quiet ! 
ok ... its rainy and yucky and I'm agrrivated ... and one rant ( yes I know it is not like me but ... ) I am sick of people who say they're gonna do something ... AND THEN NOT DO IT ! And those people usually do it a lot ! I call that a lie people ! Who agrees ? 
It's a dreary Monday , but it's still a happy and blessed day ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are making Mulligatawny Soup and it is delicious ! ( Indian curry soup ) THe house smells wonderful , too ! If anyone's interested , I found the recipe on allrecipes.com \Mulligatawny I\ " but read revies and make it the healthier way ;) ! You will love it ! " 
Good Morning .... BRRRR 
Homework is done .. I am tired and I am going to bed .... 
< PROPFEMALE > stayed home sick with a tummy ache . She just counted my gray hairs for me ... gee thanks ! Then she asked me why only the black ones fall out ... ( sigh *) ... getting old sucks !... But it is better than the alternative . 
On the rug ! 
No snow just freezing rain at best ... maybe before morning . But it sure is cold ! 
OK ... It's white ... there is accumilation ... but it is NOT snow .. tink tink tink . THe low last night was 31° the high today is 32° the low tonight is 16° . I thnk we are going to be home bodies this weekend . 
A Bronco just rolled over next to our drive way . Everyone's ok but they had to get a < PROPFIRST > Deer Tractor to put it out . Tried to upload a pic but facebook is not cooperating ! Will try again later 
YOU HAVE BEEN SAVED BY THE GRACE OF GOD AND KNOW WERE YOU WILL SPEND ETERNITY ... AND YOU ARE NOT ASHAMED TO POST IT ON FACEBOOK THEN COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR PROFILE ,,,,, 
It's Doppelganger week ! Change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) that you've been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status ! 
Go to www.urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy these instructions in your status and then copy & paste what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
Getting ready to milk my first goat ... I am nervous .. at least < PROPFIRST > knows how to milk cows .. 
Insomnia SUCKS ... 
GO SAINTS ! 
Monday , Monday ... 
ughhh ! ( Sniffle , cough , groan ... ) I don't feel good .... 
My nose is acting like a leaky faucet ! I hate colds ! 
I need three harnesses to complete my stable ... please help and let me know if you need nails or horse shoes .. 
sniflles .. sneezes ... and lots of tissues !! Help me pray this cold away ! 
I am going back to bed .... ugh !... 
homeworks done ... games updated ( lol ) family is good ... feeling a little better now that I have my alka seltzer plus cold medicine ! Night y'all! 
ugh .. I am back ... still sniffling , sneezing , eyes watering , achy , ... my nose is sore ! Keep the prayers coming , please ! Plus I have homework to do ... 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other . and make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and paste this to your profile . MARRIED in 1989 and 2006 . 
yeah ! The power is back on ... been out for 45 minutes ! 
Schoolwork is done ... power is staying on ... everyone's asleep and I soon will be ... all is well ... except me . I am still sick ! I hate colds .... 
I have finished my school work for today ... even though my nose hurts , my eyes are watery and I have developed a cough to go along with the sniffles , sneezes and nose blowing ... augh .... 
what a beautiful morning ! The premi babies are doing great ... they are eating much better ! And my cold is finally starting to get better ! 
Bye Bye V-day .... 
It's a lovely day in this neighborhood .... hope eveyone's doing great ! 
Good Night Ya'll ... I am so glad it's almost Friday ! ANd my DH is taking two vacation days for a long weekend ... time to plant those blueberry bushes ! 
Enjoying time with my hubby while he's taking some vacation time ... Today felt like a Saturday ... 
Ok ... Time to get to work on this house .... ugggh ! Don't cha ' love house work , it NEVER ends ! 
Been a long day .... yawn .... 
Had a long weekend with my DH and now he's back to work ... :( But we had a productive weekend ... 9 fruit trees planted , many pine trees cut down , made some nice soaps , too . Still have to put those blueberries raspberries and grapes in the ground , but we'll have fruit ... in a few years ... :\\ Oh and two litters of bunnies . 14 easter babies ! 
I am so glad this day is over .... 
It has been a busy day , but a good day ! Hope everyone is happy and blessed ... Good Night ! 
Week 8 ( out of 9 ) in my classes ... I am still maintaining my A+ averages , but it's getting tougher !! Say a pray for me please !! 
If you have a wonderful husband that works hard to provide for you and would do anything for you and your family , then repost this as your staus to give the honest , well-behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve .... because great men are few and far between , and I have one . 
ok ... new classes ... new stress .. but its all good ... nite y'all . 
I got my final grade in English today .... 98.5 !!! Yeah ! 
HUSBANDS WEEK ! : If you have a husband who is your best friend and who has been with you through thick and thin , who has been a blessing in your life and who you are proud to be married to , post this on your status . 
ok ... a quick hello and off I go .... good night .... 
Too busy to linger here long ... hi everyone ! 
thinks its too hot for May ... is mother nature having a hot flash ???!!! 
Finals ... aurgh ! 
Keep those prayers coming ... its finals time again . I am so tired ... g'nite y'all . 
I'M FINISHED .... All my final projects are in ! Now , the wait ... 
YES ! Final grade CIS/105 : 98/A HAPPY HAPPY JOY JOY !! :) 
My Grades are in !! CIS/105 Final-100 Course-98 ENG/102 Final-98 Course- 94.3 Yeah !!!!! I am so hapy ! :) \ 
< PROPFIRST>'s GPA for freshman Yr at NCSU ( Engineering School ) 3.55 ! Yeah !!!! 
No matter what life hands us , just remember ... Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass - it's about learning how to dance in the rain . \ " , 201 0-0 5-30 18:44:22 " 
Ok FrontierVille ... Why do I have to pay 36 pieces of pie to \buy\ " a \ " light snack\ " ??? Why can't I just eat a piece of pie ?!?! " 
EVERYONE > Please keep my sister-in-law , < PROPFEMALE > Griffin in your prayers today . She is currently having liver transplant surgery , as a liver came available for her this morning . God has already answered our prayers by providing a transplant for her . Now we need to continue to pray for her continued recovery and long life . Thank you Lord for all you have done and continue to do for us daily ! 
YES ! My AED/200 & HUM/205 FINALS ARE OVER !!! I am so relieved !! Now I have to wait for the results of all this work ... Tomorrow I start my new batch of classes ; AED/201 and HIS/135 ... this aught to be fun .... :/ Oh well , no rest for the weary . Night everyone . 
is getting ready to make homemade goat milk yogurt for the very first time . I hope it turns out well . I think I'll make some with regular milk , also ; to compare the differences . 
Final grades AED/200 Final 250/250 and 97.4 for the course . HUM/205 Final 235/250 and 93.4 for the course . I am happy :-) 
I am getting ready to make some soaps ... maybe I'll try a new recipe . Definitely have some new scents I need to try . 
OK , something is wrong here . I am lying on the living room floor with my laptop . I finished my schoolwork , and checked fb and then I hear < PROPMALE > ( Choc . Lab ) snoring on the couch ?! That dog has it too good ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s gone back to NCSU ... :( Knew it was coming but still miss my big baby boy . 
First day of school and the house is so quiet .... 
Its a \where the %$#@ ! is the chocolate\ " kind of day ... " 
If\ 
you believe in God , repost this . Please don't ignore . You are being \ 
tested . For it says in the bible , \Deny me in front of everyone and I \ 
Is unavailable please leave a message after the snore and I'll get back to you when I get up , thanks ... 
I really hate history ... but my homework is done with only 30 minutes to spare ... pushing my luck a bit . Only two more weeks , though . 
-It's a beautiful day , < PROPFEMALE>'s off to school , < PROPMALE>'s about to leave , and soon I will find that last hour of sleep I was missing ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yeah !! I made a perfect score on my HIS/135 Final and a 96.8 final grade ! I am so relieved ! Now I am waiting on the AED/201 class ... say a prayer , that always helps ! 
made some homemade CPOP laundry soap last week which I used to make homemade laundry detergent . It turned out great . Scented with Fresh Linen FO . All natural , and works like a charm . Planning to start selling some if anyone's interested . I have 6 bags , and each is enough ... 
Getting ready to watch the the Season Premier of GLEE ... Yeah . 
Sinuses are giving me a fit today ! I hate fall allergies , but I love fall weather . SO were is the fall weather ?! 
Your\ 
daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your \ 
heart for a lifetime . Its \National Daughters Week\ " so if you have a \ 
My AED/201 class grades are in ... 250/250 on my final paper and a 98.3 final grade ! Yeah ! 
OK . Never thought I'd say this , but ... I have had enough rain , now . We've already had 6+ inches and the news reports are predicting 5 more tonight and tomorrow . Many surrounding counties have closed school tomorrow ; Bladen Co . is on a 2 hr . delay so far . < PROPMALE > ( Choc . Lab ) hates rain and will not go unless we go out first and then has to be severely coaxed . 
I like it on the floor . 
I caught a flounder and < PROPFIRST > caught a flounder and a spot . My first ocean fish , yeah . 
Back to the grindstone with school . I am taking math and history this time ... oh joy . ( sarcasm ) 
This\ 
is cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member &\ 
friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who\ 
continue to conquer ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who has\ 
had cancer .... 
Thanks Everyone for all the Birthday Wishes !!!! I had a great birthday ! 
It's mommy week ! Repost this with the time and date you first became a mommy ; < PROPFIRST > Griffin 4/19/91 9lbs 6oz . 
Does anyone know if the Spots are running yet ?? 
Back to the grind-stone .... I still hate math ... 
My baby girl is 18 today ... where did the time go . And soon a grandma , too . I feel old . 
Gotta watch GLEE !!! 
Finish my homework and now I am going to try and get some sleep .... 
It's 3 in the afternoon and the whole house is asleep ?! < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Eddie ... even the dog and cats are napping . Must be siesta-time .... 
... Inside every older person is a younger person saying , \What the hell happened ?! \"" 
Four New goat kids ! < PROPFEMALE > had them sometime early this morning !! Pics in the hobby album , better pics to come tomorrow . 
thinks that judging others comes from insecurities & misery within yourself . For when you start to be happy , you'll try to see only the good in everyone else . 
you have a Wonderful Man , who helps balance your whole world ... who \ 
isn't perfect , but is perfect to you ... who works ( very ) hard and would \ 
do anything for you ... that makes you laugh and drives you crazy ... who \ 
is your Best Friend ... who you want to grow old with ... and who you are \ 
thankful for every day ... then post this as your status ? 
nytol ... 
heart for a lifetime . It's ~ National Daughters Week ~ so if you have a \ 
beautiful daughter that you love with all your heart , copy and paste \ 
this to your wall . 
Pops , our new male American Guinea Hog is here . He's adorable and checking out his new diggs . 
G'nite .... or G'morning . Depending upon your perspective . It been a long night for me , and a mediocre grade on my algebra quiz ... blahhh ;\\ 
Finals for Algebra and History are over . Made 95 on the algebra final exam , A- for the course . SO glad that's over . yuck . No word on the history final but I feel good that I maintained the A average . Now on to the next algebra class and Biology with lab . This is gonna be fun ( sarcasm ) . Thanks for the prayers guys ! 
Sometimes it help me to remember we are all imperfect humans . We will all disappoint , irritate , and hurt each other from time to time , even when we strive not to . Instead of getting angry , hurt , frustrated , or start to act judgmental , we should offer understanding , love and forgiveness . We have all fallen short of perfection .... 
< PROPFIRST>'s Fried Turkey was a success !! - and grandma's sausage dressing with all the fixin's ! - Duplin Christmas < PROPFEMALE > Wine .... Oh , we are lazy bunch , now ! 
is going to be a grandma . < PROPFEMALE>'s having a baby today . Driving to the hospital through the 4\ of snow . < PROPFEMALE>'s already there and they say it won't be long . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s making an early appearance . She was due to arrive January 27th . Prayers would be greatly appreciated !! " 
6 lbs . 6 oz . all is great ! 
\If you don't like something change it . If you can't change it 
Two more soaps , Citrus < PROPFEMALE > and Scarborough fair ... 
G'night FB 
just bought a new dairy goat ! I am so excited ! Cosmos is a ADGA Registered Alpine that's bred and due to kid in March . She is so sweet and we are looking forward to more goats milk this spring ! Pictures coming tomorrow . 
Mostly a beer girl , but every once in a blue < PROPFEMALE > , it's a liquor night . ;) 
happy my internet is fixed ... but my A average bit the dust ... 
I've carried a child within my body . Slept with a baby on my chest . I've kissed boo boos and mended broken hearts . I've been puked on , peed on , and spent sleepless nights in the rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body isn't magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a MOM , and there is no greater honor ... or blessing !! Post this as your status if you are proud to be a ? Mom ? 
I must say , that was a cool VW Beetle commercial 
Yeah , Green Bay !!! 
Girl Scout Cookies !! Yay ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is getting so mad that she is snorting ... lol . She doesn't want to be burped when it interrupts her feeding . 
< PROPFEMALE > made Russian Potato , mushroom and leek soup and it is wonderful !!! 
Sugar Glitz-shock 
Holding my grand-baby < PROPFEMALE > at 3 in the morning ... she's so adorable . 
Is about to start her algebra final exam ... start praying !! 
Final Grades are in .... MAT/116 = B+ BIO/100 = A- That will do . GPA is still 3.83 . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > has been very colicky but < PROPFEMALE > found something that works to calm her down , Beethoven and dancing . < PROPFEMALE > loves it ; especially the music ! 
Alli has learned to coo and grin and its not just gas ! I love being a grandma !! 
I love having a daughter that cooks so well ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! xoxo 
Come on Bachelor ... enough already with the commercials ! Em and Brad .... Please ! 
I sang to your mom at the dinner table because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . 
Dear Congress ... Last year I mismanaged my funds and this year I cannot decide on a budget . Until I have come to a unified decision that fits all of my needs and interests , I will have to shut down my checkbook and will no longer be able to pay my taxes . I'm sure you'll understand . Thank you very much for setting an example ... we can all follow ... Repost if you agree 
Tornado warning in Northern Bladen Co . until 4:15 pm . Already seeing 37 mph winds . Prayers are welcome !! 
my crazy neighbors in the trailer park across the highway are hanging out on theirfront porch stoop with lots of lighting and high winds .?! nuts !! 
arggh ... classes are getting tougher . But I will make it . Only 25 more credits to go ... 
Planted my < PROPMALE > garden today , including a bay tree bush , dill , < PROPFEMALE > , thyme , Thia < PROPMALE > , regular < PROPMALE > , lemon grass , marjoram , cilantro , parsley , oregano and chives . Some flowers and shrubs are put in the front beds , but more are still to come along with 8 new raised vegetable beds . Spring has sprung !! Pictures later , once everything's in its proper place ;) 
The greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with your heart . ? Happy Easter ! 
Yes , I am going to watch the < PROPMALE > Wedding . It starts in 40 minutes . I watched < PROPFEMALE>'s and I am going to watch < PROPFIRST>'s , too ; AND I AM NOT ASHAMED TO ADMIT IT ! So there . 
My curfew was the street lights . Mom didn't call my cell , she yelled my name . I played outside with friends , not online . If I didn't eat what mom made , I didn't eat . Hand sanitizer didn't exist , but you COULD get your mouth washed out with soap , your butt spanked and it was OK for the other neighborhood mamas to scold you if you did something wrong . ~ Repost if you drank water out of a hose and survived !!! 
In honor of Mother's Day we're trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . I did and so have several others . If you will and like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB . I love you mom !! 
