oh what a lovely day for a sinus headache . 

\You should stock up on your supply of flashlight batteries . \"" 
Almost time to re-enter the 7th circle of hell . 
Aaahhh ... escaped the flames once again . 
Back on the house-hunt again ... I'm not happy . 
Fickle friends I need not ... 
Have a 4 day weekend and I'm home sick ... this sucks ! 
is enjoying having the History Channel again . 
Hoping to hear OFFER ACCEPTED sometime this week ! 
is needing a day to just sit back and relax ... 
So , if anyone hasn't heard ... we will be closing escrow on Nov . 13th ! 
For those of you that might not have heard ... Patty is PREGNANT !!! 
It's official from the Doctor's office ! We are having a BABY !!! 
I made it to the weekend(mine) ! Finally ! 
And like that we are $ 4,000 lighter in our account . Sent the rest of the closing costs out by wire . We should be home owners with keys by Monday !!! 
Tomorrow is keys day !!!! 
Workin on the house . If anyone wants to help , give me a call for directions . 
The house is coming along nicely . Still accepting volunteers tho . 
Feels like the painting will never end ... 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . Can't wait for the sushi ! 
And now for something we think you will really like ! 
is an UNCLE !! WooHoo !!! 
I'm so glad it's my Friday ! I need a couple of days off ! 
Another day of working on the house ... 
Preparing for another day in the salt mines on kessel ... 
Looking forward to thursday at 7:30 pm ... 
Feeling like I just want to stay home and relax ... but I can't . 
It's a boy !!!! 
Bra colors made Facebook news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Firefighters , Police and Paramedics . If you support our Firefighters , Police and Paramedics then please post this on your status . There should be no excuses from anyone !! This ... should appear in everyone's status !.. ( let's salute them and pray we never need to call them ) . 
Just got a fan < PROPFEMALE > up for my beer ! Check it out ! It's called < PROPFIRST>'s Homebrew ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Homebrew is so close to its goal of 100 fans by May 1 !!! Thanks to everone who likes this ! And if you havent liked it yet DOOOOO IT !!!!! 
Nice !!! < PROPFIRST>'s Homebrew is super close to its goal of 100 fans ! Keep suggesting us to friends ! Tasting party when we reach our goal !!! 
Hello weekend ! Been looking forward to this for 6 days ! 
Sitting home with a nice headache ... gotta love it . 
I can hardly wait ! Time to go wait in line in HELL , otherwise known as the DMV ! 
I made it to my weekend ... finally !! 
Wishin my Norco worked better . 
Doc appt in 30 minutes , let's see what he has to say . 
Ready for my back to stop hurting so I can be productive again ! 
3 day weekend ? Yes please ! 
Safety Tip of the Day : Never come between a pregnant woman and her ice cream ... you might lose a limb ! 
Still waiting for my son to arrive ... he needs to get a move on ! 
Went with < PROPFEMALE > to the OB today and scheduled her induction for the 5th ! We are extremely excited ! 
All right ! Next stop on this pregnancy crazy train .... Babytown ! 
Korben < PROPFIRST > arrived at 9:06 pm July 5 , 2010 , 5lbs 13oz and 17 1/2inches ! 
Sitting in the birthing center watching my beautiful wife feed our beautiful son ! 
Hooray for minimal sleep ! 7 hours over the last 3 days is enough right ? 
It's nice to be home with our little guy ! Now we can all nap in peace . 
Hangin at home with < PROPFEMALE > and Korben ! What could be better ? 
Yay ! Korben is officially 6 days old ! 
Wondering what to do for dinner ... 
Sooooo tired ... my son kept me up most of the night . 
I don't want to go back to work tomorrow . I would rather stay home and change diapers ! 
So ... I get to stay home and change diapers after all ! 
Apparently my 17 day old son thinks that daddy doesn't need to sleep ... 
Nice quiet day at home with the family . 
Tore up part of the lawn yesterday , now my back hates me today ! 
Happy 1 month birthday Korben ! 
Sitting at home gaming while Korben and < PROPFEMALE > nap ... 
What I wouldn't give for some uninterrupted sleep ... 
Teen Wolf is on G4 , talk about nastalgic . 
Wondering why there is nothing but crap on my 120+ channels ?! 
For all my friends in the LA area , check out < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Newell performing at The < PROPFEMALE > on Friday the 10th of September around 9 , if you want to hear to some good music ! 
Really wishing I had more vacation to take ... 
Had a great morning with Korben , and now ... nap time . 
Time for bed , receiving training in the morning . 
Ready for Korben to move past his shot fussiness ... 
Sooooooooo tired .... must get sleep ! 
Watching Fraggle Rock with Korben ! 
Korben is napping , so that can only mean one thing ... time to game ! 
Don't wanna go to work today , but at least I get to < PROPFEMALE > out in the dairy box . 
Wondering what I'm gonna have for dinner ... 
Soooooo tired !!! Must get sleep ! 
Stunned by the election results ... and not in a good way . 
Really don't want to go to work today ... 
Today will be a better day at work ... I hope . 
After 9 days of work in a row , I can rest ... 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek while Korben naps . 
Watching The Sorcerer's Apprentice ... 
Made quadruple bypasses on buns tonight ! Cooked bacon , then fried burgers in the bacon grease , then fried eggs in the bacon grease ! 
If you haven't yet , go vote for Korben in the American Baby cover contest . He's in the running to be this week's finalist ! 
Happy 5 month birthday Korben !!!! 
Thank you to all for the birthday wishes ! Today was a good day . 
I can't believe I'm still awake right now ! 
nothing like being bored at work ... 
Wish I could make my little boy feel better . 
Another long \ 
day at work ... feels like torture sometimes . 
Don't want to go to work today ... 
Another day of people watching ... my job is tough . 
Looking for a good lunch suggestion . Anyone ? 
Only 30 minutes left ! 
I have the best wife in the whole world ! 
Sitting at home watching the Korbenator play ... awesome ! 
Feeling like someone slipped Korben and me ipecack ! 
Well , at least Korben seems to be feeling better ... 
I haven't felt this bad ever , without of fever to with everything else ! 
Feel like crap , but I have to drag myself to work today . 
Glad it's my Friday ! Should be a fun day ! 
Officially off light-duty ! 
I'm up early ! Think a nap will be a must later ! 
I'm ready to be off work now ... 
Let the fun begin ! 
Just got < PROPFEMALE>'s car smogged 
I could use a vacation right about now ... 
I need more than 3 hours of sleep ! 
FREEDOM !!! 
It's a madhouse , a madhouse ! 
Frustrated ! 
Feels more like a sunday at work , than a monday ! 
Made pancakes and bacon for dinner ! 
Wonder if today is better schheduled than yesterday ?! 
Too ... early ... need ... sleep ! 
Wish I was in bed already ! 
Starving , stressed and bored ... and a little tired too ! 
I need a 4 day weekend or something ... 
Can't wait to be home with my wife and baby ! 
Just relaxing and enjoying my day off . 
My son is so cute it's not fair ! 
Off work . Now it's time to enjoy the rest of my day . 
I don't need help losing sleep , thanks a lot daylight savings ! 
5 o'clock can't get here fast enough ! 
Waiting for chinese food ! 
Off work ... now what's for dinner . 
Time to start another fun day at work ... 
It's been a semi-productive day , had a massage , and put new wiper blades and headlights on < PROPFEMALE>'s car ! 
Wishing i had the day off ! 
Ready for this day to be over ! 
Time to get the day started early ... too early . 
Mmmm ... lunch ! 
On my way to work ... at least its my friday . 
I just love waking up with heartburn ... 
Slow day at work , and I hate allergies ! 
Time for a massage ! 
I need intraveinous caffeine STAT ! 
