I don't say im maintaining , that's a lame's language . - Nas 

If you're not getting what you want in life , it's time to make a change cuz you'll keep getting what you're getting if you decide to keep doing what you're doing . Stop complaining about your situations if you don't wanna do something different . Stop actin 
If one of your parents just got married and you now had a good looking stepbrother or sister that you never knew b4 the marriage , would you allow yourself to have sex with him or her ??? 
So you got a problem , who the hell cares !! Everybody has their problems so stop tryna bog everyone down with yours . Try this for a change , Shut the hell up , stop worrying about your problems and overcome your problems by doing something different in your life . Make a positive change and you will notice the difference . TRUST ME !!! 
The most precious thing that God has given us all is the CHOICE to do whatever it is we want in life . NOT what someone else wants us to do . I refuse to let someone else control the way I live for the rest of my life . 
Somebody come play dominoes with me and a few others in Duluth . Call me txt me or msg me . Dominoes ! 
There will be a recession for another 10 yrs . You know what that means ? It's gonna be hard to find jobs , more ppl will be laid off , more homes will be foreclosed , and more ppl will struggle for another 10 yrs . So why are ppl still depending on a job ? Open your eyes . Stop looking for jobs and look for a better way . This is madness . I found a way and EVERYBODY needs to pay attention . The recession is no joke ! 
Person : How many was there ? Me : How many what ? Person : Power Consumption . LMFAO . I dont know what the fuck he was talkin bout . He had to be sleepy cuz that wasnt even the subject !! lol 
Black !! 
In the words of < PROPFIRST > Z- Double your money Now make it stack ... 
Ya'll should grow the fuck up . Come here let me coach you !! 
My hands up high , my feet down low and this the way i JIGALOW ... 
Who remembers the singing frog who never sang in front of anyone but one person ??? \Hello my baby . Hello My < PROPFEMALE > . Hello my ragtime Gal ... \ " What happened to < PROPMALE > brothers cartoons ? " 
Back from Cali . There is no place like home . But there is NO place like the ACN Convention . Being there with 18,000 + ppl , all going after the same goals , in such a positive , exciting , environment is amazing . And even better , being trained by multi millionaires and a billionaire , < PROPFIRST > Trump , is absolutely phenomenal . What better way is there to learn to become wealthy than learning from ppl who have already done it ! 
What is there to do in ATL for anyone who is under 21 and doesnt wanna spend a whole lot of money ? 
So , word is that the world will be coming to an end in 2012 . SO , I'm gonna put together a list of things to do by then . Feel free to do the same . Number 1 : Get < PROPMALE > 
Number 2 : Cut my nails cuz they are so uneven !! 
Number 4 : Buy a Bugatti . When I purchase this , that will prove that I deserve the best in life . Cuz not everybody will . Side note : What do you think about this whole \end of the world\ " thing ? " 
Number 5 : Eat a burger from five guy . I heard they have the best burgers . 
Number 5 : Race in a lake on jet skiis . Who wanna race ? 
Number 7 : Slap Akan Ikpe and make him fly . :o ] 
Number 8 : Spend a week in the mountains 
What are some crazy childhood memories you have ? I know i have alot of crazy memories cuz i was a curious ass child and did whatever to satisfy my curiosity . Lol . 
Living in fear is so last season ! If you want to be happy and really live your dream you have to take a stand and just put yourself out there . You might fail , yes indeed - but , you might , you just might succeed too ! Don't you want to find out ? Either way your life will never be the same ... Can you handle it ? - Aunt < PROPFIRST > Stone < PROPMALE > 
I HAVE A MILLIONAIRE MIND !!!! /| \\= $$$ 
PUBLIC OPINION POLL : If you won the lottery today , what would you do with all your money , and would you quit your job ? 
I have ppl to help , lives to save , and I REFUSE to let my children grow and struggle at the age of 18 . So who the hell are YOU to tell me what Im doing wont work and I need to go to school . F**K THAT ! Im gonna work hard at what I do . Im not gonna give up what I do . I am committed to what I do and anyone who tries to step in my way , I'll see you From the top . I dictate my life and nothing else will . /| \\= $ Respect That 
I am so freakin Happy !! The rest of this week , except tomorrow , is predicted to be in the 70's . Warm weather at last . Warm at last , Warm at last , Thank God Almighty we are Warm at last !!!! Well starting tomorrow . lol 
I act in spite of my mood ... I HAVE A MILLIONAIRE MIND !! 
Akan Ikpe 
This is for everybody : Tell me one of your problems you are going though and i PROMISE you , I can give you the number 1 solution for whatever it is . Trust me . And if you don't want everybody knowing your problems , plz dont post it . Everyone has a problem but a lot of ppl don't know the solution to their problems . 
How do ppl expect to get what they truly < PROPFEMALE > in life , if they always limit themselves . If you're gonna limit yourself , don't speak of what you don't have . Appreciate what you do have and stop complaining . 
You have to be a servant before you can become a < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPMALE > . - < PROPFIRST > Zalucki 
12 POINTS OF LIGHT is the goal by the time I get to < PROPMALE > . It's gonna take a lot of hard work , but I have a lot to do in my life and time is ticking ... List - CHECK , Mindset - CHECK , Commitment - CHECK , Don't Give A Damn What Anyone Thinks - CHECK , Bank Account - Check /| \\= $$$ I'M READY !!!! 
I congratulate all weak ppl for being useful in the world . Thank you all for being you . 
Am I missing something ??? Why is it that ppl who are in a bad financial situation always got their hair and nails done , new name brand shoes , new name brand clothes , flat screen tv and all this other unnecessary stuff , but they have a hard time keeping their lights , water , etc . on ??? 
PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME ! PEANUT BUTTER JELLY TIME ! WHERE HE AT ? WHERE HE AT ? WHERE HE AT ? WHERE HE AT ? THERE HE GO ! THERE HE GO ! THERE HE GO ! THERE HE GO ! 
P . O . P : If you had a good job that pays well with good benefits , and they had to stop paying you , but you still had to work , would you continue to work for free or would you quit ??? 
Twist my body like the exorcist 
Can you move one of your toes , other than your big toe , independent of your other toes or without using any outside assistance , like your hand . Akan Ikpe and I were just trying to do it , and it didnt work for us . lol 
“no thought lives in your head rent-free . ” Each thought you have will either be an investment or a cost . It will either move you toward happiness and success or away from it . It will either empower you or disempower you . That’s why it is imperative you choose your thoughts and beliefs wisely . - T . Harv Eker 
I WALKED TO THE TOP OF STONE MOUNTAIN TODAY WITH < PROPFEMALE > Hotbiscuits AND NOW IM EXCITED !!!! I WANNA DO IT AGAIN ! Safiya Najah < PROPFEMALE > , WHERE YOU AT !!! ITS YOUR TURN !! 
I know its a week late , but thanks everybody for all the bday wishes . I havent had access to the internet in a couple of weeks , but I'm back . I'm FINALLY 21 . Now i dont have to sneak into the club anymore !!! YAAAY ME !! 
I absolutely LOVE my new phone !!! I got a droid for FREE !! Anybody who needs a new phone , hit me up . I can help u get the hookup . 
I Love Asians 
We can all learn something from Ticola Jones . \ 
We need to Get away from all the drama in our lives and watch the \ 
sunrise , and be at peace with ourselves . Thank you , Ticola , for posting \ 
that status . I'm sure didn't think it would have an effect on somebody , but it did . 
New HTC EVO with sprint\ 
available again for a limited time and at a discount ! I got the \ 
hookup , contact me by whatever means before they sell out again ! 
\If you want to shrink something 
What is considered a ' date' ? 
Anybody with food stamps that's willing to sell ??? Hit up my inbox plz . 
I know there are people out there who are DYING to see me fail . But , all i can say to those people is this ... DIE !!! Because I refuse to fail in life , and It's time that I check myself because I cant let myself get in the way of myself . My dad needs me right now . 
So I was in Forsyth County the other day . I've never appreciated gwinnett county as much as do now after that experience . lmao 
Fried Chicken , < PROPMALE > n Cheese , Cabbage , and Cornbread for dinner tonight ... I'm kinda having second thoughts though cuz it's only two of us , and I dont have any space to put the leftovers . Anybody wanna join me for dinner ??? 
I REALLY want some Krispy Kreme Doughnuts , BADLY ... with a scoop of ice cream in the middle . Mmmm , that sounds so good right now . I HAVE to have it . 
So , I finally got my Krispy Kreme with a scoop of ice cream on top . ITS DELICIOUS !!! Even though I picked the wrong choice of ice cream , it's still the shit . Next time , just plain vanilla icecream . What was I thinking . 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
What's the big deal with iphones ? Is it just the hype , or is there actually something that makes the phone really special ? I personally believe it's just the hype . But , what would I know ? I don't have an iphone . 
Smucker's Natural CREAMY Peanut Butter with < PROPFEMALE > !!! This is the BEST peanut butter in the world ... But I'm interested in tasting this almond butter I've heard about . Has anybody ever had it ??? 
** ATTN ** : Anybody wanna join a fantasy football league ??? Looking for male and females . Must have football knowledge , and must be willing to play for the whole season . 
Lol . I LOVE listening to < PROPFIRST > Trump speak . He shows that you don't have to be boring to be wealthy . This man is hilarious . 
Need that NFL Sunday Package --- call me ! Need faster internet --- call me ! Need cheaper home phone service --- call me!Don't want to pay for a new cell phone --- call me ! Want to secure your home --- call me ! 
Need EXTRA $$$$ for the Holidays ... My company is giving away up to $200 in Visa Gift Cards ... Inbox me for details 
I miss the looney toons sooooo much . Bugs < PROPFEMALE > used to kick ass !!!! 
It ain't a orange if it ain't orange . Walmart , tighten up !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Timmons , this is my first year of fantasy football and my first time playing you . Tsk Tsk ... And I MURDERED you . Congratulations on your loss against a rookie , and expect the same thing the next time we match up . Until then , Fare well my friend . 
Safiya Najah < PROPFEMALE > 
If < PROPFIRST > Trump runs in the presidential election in 2012 , would you vote for him ? 
I taught < PROPFEMALE > Hotbiscuits how to swing today ! Lmao . Chick , Ima need you to get your life together . 
Get it in < PROPMALE > ! Great job Chicago ! < PROPFIRST > D . McCoy III , Prepare for your beating !!! I don't care how many more points you have than me right now ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Never again will I underestimate you . No matter what injury you have , who you're playing against , or what receiver you have or don't have to throw to , I will never underestimate you again . FAVRE , GET IT TOGETHER . What was i thinking ? 
Peyton Hillis , just because Im trading you doesnt mean I don't love you . It is for the best . I love you unconditionally . Just sprain a toe or something . 
I love a man who washes dishes . Lmao . I'm serious though . :) SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE DISH WASHING MEN !!! WOO HOO !!! 
I was with Tarina Tajh'Wife Jackson-Guillont today when we saw a man walking in the rain with a suitcase . We felt \ 
bad , but wasnt sure about giving him a ride . But we wanted to \ 
help so badly . We pulled to the side , asked if he needed a ride , and took him to the train station so he could go to the \ 
airport to get to his uncle's funeral . Im so glad we took that < PROPMALE > \ 
to help him out . He said we were a blessing and he was so happy 
You know you had nothing to eat in the house if you've ever taken a slice of bread and spread sugar on it . I've even went as far as making a miracle whip and mustard sandwich . 
< PROPFIRST > D . McCoy III , I hope you're watching the game , LOSER !!! 
Ain't nobody like my kaney poo 
Roddy White , I'm in love with u . FANTASTIC JOB FALCONS !!! 
New York Giants , WTF !!! I defended you so hard yesterday when people were saying you had no < PROPMALE > against the Jaguars and this is how you do me !!! Ya'll need to get it together ! SN : GO FALCONS !!! YOU'RE DOING GOOD . KEEP IT UP ! DONT LET GB SCORE A TD ! 
GB , I know you thought this would be an easy win , but not even you can stop the falcons ! They're just too good for you :( . Lmao ! Woop woop . GO FALCONS !!! 
Tearine Hill and Trevena Taylorsworld Seaborn , do you remember when we sang in the McNair Middle School Talent show in 6th or 7th grade and got swept off the stage ? Lmao . We weren't even supposed to do that , but Trevena's partner never showed up and they wouldn't let me and Tearine dance because it was too \inappropriate\ " lmao . Back in the day . " 
Tarina Lovin'life Jackson-Guillont , I wish < PROPMALE > was on here so I could tag him . Remember when Grandma < PROPFEMALE > had the sofa bed , and we folded < PROPMALE > in it and the bed got stuck with him in it . Lmao . What gave us the idea to even do something like that ? Lol . Back in the day . 
Changeyour\ 
FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not \ 
see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against\ 
child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends\ 
to do the same . 
Was I the only one who thought < PROPFEMALE > ( pink ranger ) and < PROPFIRST > ( white/ green ranger ) from power rangers were meant to be together ??? 
What would you attempt to do if you knew you would not fail ? 
Formal education makes you a living . Self education makes you a fortune . - < PROPMALE > Rohn 
... And YOU passed the test 
Believing that you must do something perfectly is a recipe for stress , and you'll associate that stress with the task and thus condition yourself to avoid it . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Pavlina 
Finally !!! I got some chitlins !!! Ooh , I been waiting for this for so long . Thank u mommy !!! 
I need a drink . WTF 
A lot of people say they know who they are , but they really dont . I thought I knew who I was , until I looked deep down inside myself . It was then when I realized I'm not who I want to be . Therefore , < PROPMALE > improvement must be made . Until you've looked deep within yourself , you don't know who you are . And until you know who you are now , and who you really want to be , you will never achieve greatness within yourself . 
People think I'm crazy because I'm skinny and I've decided to eat healthy . I mean , seriously , do you really have to be big in order to eat healthy . Eating healthy is very beneficial in a lot more ways than just weight reasons . The way we eat affects us in many ways you would never know . 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age . Remove yourself by searching your name , copy the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then go to the bottom right corner of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the Privacy button to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your FB friends are aware . 
Well , I tried to enjoy the snow , but I think I'd rather stay in . 
SILK THE SHOCKER WAS SOOOOOOOOO WHACK !!! 
Did Silk the Shocker ever have his own single ? I can't remember hearing anything of his own . I just remember him being featured on a bunch of songs . 
