loves sleeping til noon everyday ! I highly recommend this graduation thing ! 

Why do I watch Extreme Makeover : Home Edition ? < PROPMALE > makes me cry every time ! 
So I think I lost my phone last night . This sucks ! 
Found my phone ! Yay ! 
Anyone down for bingo tomorrow night around 5:30 ? It could be fun !! 
and a couple girl friends are going to see < PROPFEMALE > Lambert at the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > County fair in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . Anyone care to come with ? You just have to pay for admission to the fair ! 
We get the apartment ! The terrible twosome will be at it again . Oh , and our amazing dogs . Oh , and < PROPMALE > ! Jk , I love you < PROPMALE > . YAY us ! 
So still super stoked for the new apartment , but also excited for < PROPFEMALE > Lambert tonight ! Let me know if you wanna join us ! 
So , in the last week I have seen < PROPFEMALE > Lambert , < PROPMALE > McGraw , and Lady Antebellum . All AMAZING ! So why stop there ? < PROPMALE > Turner and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > are play the free stage in Hanford on the 8th for a $5 fair admission ! I am down for a little road trip ! Anyone w 
Not such a great day . Thinking I need some comfort food and a movie date at home with Moo ! 
is convinced if she could go on CMT's singing < PROPFEMALE > , she could win the 10K . I know all these songs they keep F-ing up !!! 
thinks it's time to turn on Notebook or Twilight ( probably both ) and clean the room so the packing can begin ! 
is wasting her life away staying up late and sleeping in , so I think I am gonna start my packing now ! 
STILL working on her room . I think these boxes keep refilling themselves ! AHHHH 
clean room , puppy training , shower , Bakari , then back to the never ending mess in my room !!! 
finally got her roommates to watch twilight , but < PROPMALE > keeps trying to ruin it by trying to make things dirty by saying < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are gonna do it in the back of < PROPFIRST>'s hatchback and saying that < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are wolves ! We're gonna fight ! 
for having four brothers , I sure don't seem to understand boys ! Sheesh , ready to be shipped off to Africa where the only boys I'm worried about are the one's who I'm teaching !!! AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH ! When will I ever learn ? 
Did you ever take the time to think about who I might be ? Where I've been what I'm thinking who I love what I've seen . One more car out on the road there you might pass on your way home . Someone's sister , someones wife or just some bitch who's probably got no life . ( I love love love the Wreckers !!! ) 
needs some good times this week ! 
got a new iPhone and can't begin to wrap her mind around all the cool stuff it can do ! Yay !! 
needs a little help . I think I'm gonna buy one of those mini laptops , but I need to back up all the stuff from my current laptop . I have a desktop so I can do it before I get the new one , but I have no idea how to do that or if it's better to wait til I get the new one . Let me know if you can be of assistance ! 
home sweet home ! 
so even though I am home trying to relax , I had 4 hours of dental work done so my mouth is just feeling good enough to talk normally . Let me know if you wanna do something tonight since I have to leave tomorrow ! 
is in Sac again this weekend ! Last weekend I was in a lot of pain , so if you have time let me know and lets make it happen ! 
WTF ! If you are gonna accept my resume , why do you ask for all of my education and job experience informtain ?!? Some people have been working since they were 15 and rarely only one job at a time ! 
thinks she needs a night out ... karaoke tomorrow anyone ? 
I feel like the flowers in this vase . He just brought them home one day ' Ain't they beautiful ' he said . They've been here in the kitchen and the water's turning gray . They're sittin in the vase but now they're dead . Dead flowers . 
Really needs a pick me up after these last few days/weeks . But I think I am gonna see my mom and < PROPFIRST > AND have an amazing night with the girlies on Saturday . Let's hope that does the trick !! 
I've been going to bed earlier and waking up at a decent hour all week , and not even on purpose ! Does this mean I really am becoming a big girl ? I guess Tuesday will be the real test ... 
Matt : \Let's walk down bubble gum alley just once ! \ " Tash : \ " No ! We'll catch a cold or disease or something ! \"" 
I'm the kinda girl that kisses her dog on the mouth . Yup , that's right ! 
Derick : \DEVIN ! When are we pumpin ' a carvin' ? \"" 
just wached That Thing You Do for the first time in YEARS ! I forgot how much I LOVE that movieeee !!!! 
so , I didn't get the job I was hoping for :( but I have other job offers and more than one other option . Spain for a year ? 
my fucking head hurts !!! 
Anyone going to the soccer game tonight ? 
making the playlist for < PROPFIRST>'s 80's party ! Eeeep !!!! 
Hmmm , what to do today ? Clean up a bit , tutor , pay some bills .... oh , I am cohosting a karaoke show tonight ! Kind of exciting !! 
Excited to head back to SLO tomorrow , but where will I be in a month ? 30 day notice is in ! 
Popcorn , raspberry passion tea , and the sounds of Across the Universe streaming from my tv . What more could a girl ask for ? 
I love SLO , so nice to be home ! A lot of big stuff coming up this week ! Time to see what fate has in store ... 
Can't sleep ! Too much is up in the air right now to slow my brain down ! 
Can't believe these last few days actually happened , but I knew from the beginning how it would turn out , just can't understand why I never trust my first instinct . A new day and new opportunities lie ahead for me , and nothing nor anyone will slow me down ! 
Excited for the new apartment and a fun filled weekend !! 
Time to start packing . Thank goodness I don't have that much stuff this time around ! I really hope this is my last move for a while !!! 
So , < PROPMALE > is adjusting nicely to a nice inside home life with love , but Moo is not so pleased he has to share his mommy's attention ! 
This rainy weather is making being a bum so much easier ! I swear I was on the track to having a regular big-girl sleeping schedule and filling out my aplications again . DANG IT ! 
has pretty much done nothing with her whole day ! Really time to get up and do work ! 
Alrighty , fun weekend ahead , heading home early next week ... things are looking better !! 
So my mom is in the ER waiting to get her appendix out . They don't even have a room for her yet so she's waiting on a gurney near the ambulance entrance BY HERSELF ! I know it's a routine procedure but I feel helpless being so far away from her and pissed that no one stayed with her . She has stayed in the ER with us more than once and no one stayed with her ! 
has to wake up at 6 am tomorrow to take the pups to get fixed ! This is not going to be easy ! Anyone awake at that ungodly hour feel free to give me a little wake up call ! :) 
Spent all day biking in the beautiful weather and shopping ! I don't know how the day could get much better ! :) 
is getting couches tomorrow ! Yay for not having to sit on folding lawn chairs that just had beer spilled on them !!! 
Peace Corps application complete ! Now just need my letters of rec submitted ... kinda scary 
Moo just gave < PROPMALE > kisses !! Today is a good day ! :) 
Had an early morning and it ran a lot smoother thanks to a special very sweet someone ! :) Very good day so far ! 
So the boys played for about 2 hours without incident today ( really played together ! ) before we all fell asleep together ! We're still not perfect but it is getting better everyday and I am so happy I didn't give up < PROPMALE > ! 
Way to start the season Giants ! Anyone want to meet me in SF for Sunday's game ? 
Hates when you buy something from the store , get charged for it , but somehow it does not make it home in your bag !! Looks like two more days without allergy medicine for me :( hmmmph 
Just pulled my first tick off of Moo since becoming a dog mommy . It was scary , but I did it without having to call anyone or even google it ! I feel accomplished . Now I guess I shoud go check myself ... wish me luck ! 
Yesterday was day 5 of no fights for my dogs , I got a very exciting job offer , AND had a lovely ladies night ! I feel great and know good things are coming ! 
My first week as a real adult wore me out !! So excited for good times today !! 
Aw , thanks for all the birthday wishes guys ! I am so blessed ! Can't wait to go home this weekend to see my fam and friends !! 
Really thinks it's a birthday cake and wine kind of night ! Anyone care to join me ? 
\1 . I love sitting on your lap ! 2 . I'm gonna go pee ... not on you . \"" 
is using her one day off to get stuff done around the house . Anyone feel like going to the dog park and playing catch later ? 
So much to do on my day off . Let's get ' er done ! 
What am I supposed to do when you play it so cool and I got the hots for you ?! \ 
Lookie who is stumblin , ooh , you got that something , boy I wanna be where you are ! \ 
And I'm gunnin ' for ya , can't even fall for some other man , cause brother man , you know how to get hip to my heart 
Oh Pride and Prejudice , how I have missed you ! But why do I torture myself so ? 
God works in mysterious ways . Gotta drive to Sac asap to get stuff taken care of . I know I need to be home , but not excited for what awaits me . I love you Big Grandpa and I miss you so much already . 
Wants to run away . Who's coming with me ? 
So baby hold on tight , don't let go\ 
Just hold on to the love we're making\ 
Cause baby when the ground starts shaking\ 
You've got to know\ 
When you've got a good thing 
Had an amazing dream about < PROPMALE > ( not the dog ) last night !! It has put me in such a good mood today ! And no , it was not dirty , totally G-rated ! 
Today my fourtune cookie read , \Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues\ " AKA if men would just keep their mouths shut more often they wouldn't be in trouble as much !! " 
Such an amazing weekend ! I am a blessed girl ! 
Anybody wanna go to bingo tomorrow ? 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Tuesday night + < PROPFIRST > Urban last night x by the giants being on fire = a happy Miss < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is gonna play the free stage in Ventura on Monday . Anyone down to head down there with me ? 
just discovered < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > III and is in love ! 
< PROPFEMALE > tonight !!!!!!!!! EEEEEEEP ! 
( and still ) I don't know what's happening ! 
Had a dream about cuddling with < PROPMALE > Posey last night . What does this mean for < PROPMALE > and I ? 
Got my cleats ! August 30th could not get here quick enough ! Let's just hope I remember how to dribble a soccer ball ! 
need a girls night tonight ! Can someone please come cheer me up ?!? 
well I was supposed to wash my car , but now sushi sounds so good ! Decisions decisions ... 
Live like there is no tomorrow , Love like there is not one second left , and count all your blessings until they're gone . ? 
So much to do these next two days ! Gotta get ready for my game now , so here's to hoping I remember how to play and don't break an ankle !! 
I scored !!! I don't think I've ever even played forward before ! And cause I'm a girl it counted as 2 ! Yippie for me !!! 
Well , as much as I hate to say it , GO DODGERS ! 
WHAT ?!?!? Since when did SLO transit get double decker buses ? 
Just got told I had a \magical smile\ " ! That's a new one !! " 
I know everyone is obsessed with football today , but anyone wanna go to sushyia or laguna grill with me to watch the giants game ? 
really needs to get off her butt and do something productive today , but what to do ? 
Looks like I'm going to the Giants game tomorrow . Anyone else interested ?!? 
Can we please spread these runs out across more of our games so we can stay in 1st ?!? 
Just bought her ticket to Puerto < PROPMALE > !! Thanks < PROPFIRST > R Dunn and < PROPFEMALE > Kilpatrick-Dunn for inviting me along ! 
Honestly guys , I love these hit parades , but please spread out the runs . We should not be dropping games to the brewers or cubs . Especially not this late in the season !!! 
2 games up feels good , real good !!! 
I don't have to worry , ' bout things that I don't have , cause if I ain't got nothin I got nothin to hold me back 
Back from Puerto < PROPMALE > ! Can't wait to get home to see my pups !! 
Netfilx on my phone ? This is sure to take my bum status to a new low ! 
You never lose by loving . You always lose by holding back . 
Just put $400 worth of shoes on Craigslist . That's what I am selling them for , not what they cost , and those are just the ones I don't wear anymore . Hello , my name is < PROPFEMALE > , and I am a shopaholic ! 
Don't count the days , make the days count ! 
Phuck the Phillies ! We're going to the World Series !!! 
Looks like I'm going to be in Sac a lot next month ! Hit me up if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > out/catch up/keep me company while I'm home sweet home ! :) 
Everybody hits tonight ! Even < PROPMALE > !!! 
Ugh , too much anxiety and excitement in too many aspects of my life . I need to start calming things down and getting back to good . 
New day , new best quote : \curvy girls do it better . Only a dog wants a bone\ " well said ! " 
Blue Cue tonight ? I think so ! 
2 AM and I'm still awake , writing a song If I get it all down on paper , it's no longer inside of me , threatening the life it belongs to 
Ladies night tonight ! 
Keak has decided my bathroom is an obstacle course and she doesn't want me to pet her , she just wants to rub her head on my legs in between her acrobatics . Crazy < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I know you haven't made you mind up yet , but I would never do you wrong . I've known it from the moment that we met , no doubt in my mind where you belong ! 
The winds of change are blowing wild and free , you ain't seen nothing like me yet ! I could make you happy make your dreams come true , nothing that I wouldn't do . Go to the ends of the earth for you , to make you feel my love ! 
In every life we have some trouble , but when you worry , you make it double . Don't worry , be happy ! 
Uribe , I will miss you as a Giant , but did you really have to go to the dodgers ? :( 
( while checking out ratcheting wrenches at sears today ) Me : \why would you ever need one that big ? Mine's way smaller and I hardly ever use it . Mine's probably smaller than that one actually .... that's what he said\ " Mike : \ " I don't think he would ever say that \"" 
Was gonna talk shit about the Giants resigning Burrell , but I just read an article about the deal on MLB.com and I love him even more than just for his good looks now ! 
So < PROPMALE > was doing his crazy backwards sneeze today , then made a noise like he was trying to hack something up , then just keeled over to the side all four legs stiff in the air ! I grabbed him and he started kissing me , then he went on a hike , so I guess he's fine . But that was the scariest thing i've ever seen ! 
Looks like rain starting tonight for through the 23rd , so I guess I'm heading home early ! Sac friends , I'll be in town for over a week , so get ready !!! 
So all this rain and wind is making it seem like there is even less to do in Sac . Anyone have any suggestions to keep a girl entertained ? 
I am the luckiest girl in the world ! Not sure what I did to deserve this , but sure glad I did it ! Loving those in my life and all I am blessed with ! 
Is it a bad sign when you spending you lunch hour of your first day at a new job applying for other jobs ? Apparently because today was my third day there and I turned in my notice :/ 
I was being so productive , then my vacuum stopped working . Must . Keep . Cleaning ... 
“Those who do not know how to weep with their whole heart do not know how to laugh either . \ < PROPFEMALE > Meir " 
The preschool found a replacement for me so I don't have to go back !! Yippie ! Interview tonight . Hope it works out !! 
Deryn , you are mean ! You really shouldn't call < PROPFIRST > a retard . It's offensive to people with developmental disabilities . 
What a difference a year can make !! :) 
Anyone interested in going to see < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > at the Ranch tomorrow ? 
For as much as she stumbled she's running . For as much as she runs she's still here . Always hoping to find something quicker than heaven , to make the darkness of her days disappear . 
Off to fan fest !! Eeeep !!!! 
Of course you can disagree with me , everyone is entitled to be wrong . 
Just because somebody doesn't love you the way you want them to , doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have . 
Up already , showered and dressed . Honestly not even sure what to do with myself this early in the day ... 
My aunt just told me I am grounded because I pointed out that I got IDed for wine at Trader < PROPFIRST>'s and she didn't . 
In Sac for the week . Thinking of checking out the Glass Turtle Thursday night with < PROPFIRST > Mcneil . Anyone else interested ? 
Partying in Sac is so different from partying in SLO !!! 
So , is it time for Spring training yet ? I'm feigning ! 
Love me when I least deserve it , because that's when I need it most ! ( thanks < PROPFEMALE >!!) 
How does one get motivated to do anything on a day like this ? 
Has anyone else in SLO seen the grandpa on the red motorized bicycle ? Pretty sure I'm in love ( sorry < PROPFIRST > ) ! 
Just read an article about a farm supervisor taking a plea deal in a case where a pregnant teen working pruning grapes died because the supervisor failed to provide her shade and water . He has to preform 40 hours of community service . Disgusted ! 
Sleeping Beauty is the best < PROPFEMALE > ever . F *** < PROPFEMALE > ! 
On my way to Vegas . Way to stress a girl out !! 
Has anyone else seen < PROPMALE>'s new facial hair and greasy slicked back pony tail look ? If he doesn't clean himself up quick , I may very well be leaving him for < PROPMALE > Sanchez , just sayin ... 
When we're younger , we have friends out of convenience . Now that I am older , I realize my best friends are the ones that are inconvenient , but I bust my butt to be there for them anyway . Funny how things change ... 
Definitely just saw < PROPFIRST > McHale pushing his kid around in his stroller at Disneyland ! 
Woke up to the boys playing in their crate :) Wish I would have taken the divider out sooner !! 
Why'd you call me to day , with nothing new to stay ? You pretend that it's just hello , but you know what it does to me to see your number on the phone . So what do you want , what do you want , what do you want from me ? 
On our way down to SD for the weekend ! So nice to get away for bit :) 
Completely overwhelmed by all of the sweet birthday wishes ! Thank you all so much for adding to my special day . It was an amazing birthday !! 
Just cheered out loud at J Sanchez's RBI and my sleeping pups all jumped in fear . Oops 
I've really been wanting to join a softball team here in SLO . Anyone know of a team that needs a girl ? Or maybe if we can get enough people that want to play we can start our own team with Park and Rec ? 
On my way to the Giants game with my mommy for mother's day . I think she's more excited than I am !! 
