Bah .. i hate the heat .. only got 3 hrs of sleep cause i woke up hot 

sigh .. went to sisters job and all her co-workers thought i was 15 .. on my 22 birthday .. awsome ... cant even buy rated r movie tickets without showing my I . D .. The same I.D where i look wild .. and still 15 .. with UNDER 21 in big red letters on the side .. haha .. bu 
arg ... my brain hurts .. i feel like tetsuo from akira 
sigh .. i really dislike serious conversations .. wellp here we go 
wait wait wait .... did she just curve me .... yep ... lmao .... nice 
Eh .. 
\You can't always get what you want ... But if you try sometime you might find .. You get what you need\ " pfft .. what a bunch of bull " 
Hey ... you can say I'm corny .. but at least im handsome .. lmao 
And the search continues ... 
lets see my check list ... woke up early aka couldnt go to sleep all night .. check .... bored out my mind .. check ..... ps3 still not reading disk ... check ... hit ps3 in frustraton that its not reading disk ... check .. ps3 no longer turns on cause i hit it .. check .... all i need is to get shot in the foot and then ill have the perfect morning (-_-) 
looked in the mirror today ..... realized im a pretty skinny guy lol 
someone said it .. and its now my official title ... you will now refer to me as ... \the beige brotha\ " ... lmao " 
Sigh ..... time to go into my little mental box b4 i go crazy 
When I was younger and saw the last dragon .. i always thought .. i wanna be like leeroy when i get older ... but then i realized i would never be that cool and corny at the same time ... so i just settled with being johnny .. his less cool but less corny freind ... \You got it Johnnnyyy !! \"" 
I think I lost myself somewhere ... now where did I put it .. 
Haha Pacquiao is a beast .. whoever thought cotto was gonna win needs there head examined ... now all pacquiao need to do is beat flloyd 
drawing with a goal in mind is troublesome 
Why is sumone playin spanish music so loud that its making my ceiling vibrate .. good ol bronx .. aint no place like it 
ok ... why is my lil sister sleeping in my bed .. with no intention of getting up ... wellp time to lay a nice well thought out smelly ass fart right on her pillow ... i hope she gets pink eye 
I need a cool pen name for when i draw something ... i was thinking douchebag mgee ... buttttt that just doesnt role of the tounge 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ... yes .. that means you too ... you know who you are .. 
o ... o god why .... lmao ... why are they remaking the karate kid ... with will smiths son .. and < PROPFIRST > chan .. lmao .. he's like 9yrs old .. lmao 
I dont even like coffee that much .. but i need its sweet sweet nectar 
ohh i was gassed for a second -__- .. silly rabbit tricks are for kids 
Kings Of Leon ... word up 
How they said I looked like simba at work ... (>_<) well .. its better than the dude they call blood < PROPFEMALE > 
IIIIIIII really really dont wanna go outside today ... but the ps3 isnt going to buy itself 
...... 
bout to head to work ... looked outside ... sick -__- 
You i was o.d tired .. went to sleep from 1pm to 10 am .. only time i woke up was to get sumthing to eat 
Tryin to bring in the new years like my 1st day .. naked and crying in someones arms 
damn man ... sleep all day .. wellp happy new year .. back to sleep i go 
Mad awake . 
Theres no way Theres no way Theres no way I can get back that girl Cause Im 2 complicated And shes not complicated But Im 2 complicated 
Just a mouse in a maze 
yooo its snowing maaadd brraazzyy outside 
Hmmm ... what random shinanigans am i gonna get into today 
heh .. my day coulda turned out alot different .. no time to ponder about it now .. oooon to the next one i suppose 
smh .. I swear the planets are aligned .. wtf man 
off to work .. sigh 
why did my supervisor ask me if i spoke spanish ... to help a customer .. for the last time ppl .. im not hispanic 
damn it damn it damn it damn it damn it damn it ... why is ff13 comming out so soon 
heh .. had a thought .. \starting monday .. ima start working out again\ " .. but then i realized today was monday .. smh " 
I think i need to start celebrating my < PROPFEMALE > heritage .... yes .. today < PROPFEMALE > pride full blast 
I am on a 24 hour kool-aid diet .. spillin while im stirin I encourage you to try it .. im prolly jus sayin that cause I dont have to buy it .. my grandmother supply it .. boy im that broke S@#$ .. lmao .. this is why I shouldnt be bored smh 
Someone told me \your like the goodest guy\ " .. number 1 .. goodest ?!.. number 2 ... what ?!? " 
what a crappy day this is turning out to be 
someone keeps sendin me text .. but i dont reconize the number lol 
Crrrazy shinanigans tonight ? we shall see ... we shhhaall see 
bah !.. no shinanigans tonight after all ; ; 
I was thinkin .. it would be funny if someone was to jump into a kangaroos pouch .. then i realized its probably mad nasty and wet in there .. and my friend said that might even kill the kangaroo ..... yea ... not so much funny as it is horrible now 
Now i gotta go back to work at 11 tonight instead of 6 tommorow morning ..... yay 
Saw clash of the titans en tresD ... sigh 
I never get paid in gum :( 
\Promiscuous girl ... wherever you are ... I'm all alone and its you that I want \"" 
Yo it is mad nice outside .. I'm feelin like a vampire though .. sun is kinda hurtin my skin lol 
I had this sharp pain in my pinky ... so I look at it .. i got like 2 cuts with blood dripping out ... when the hell did i cut myself ?! smh 
Farmville has takin over my llliifffeee . 
jeez now it jus feels like im playin catch up 
And I'm oofffffiiicciiiaaalllyyyyyyyy over it . 
Okkkkk time to find another job now . 
Tonights gonna be a good night .... tonights gonna be a good good niigghhttt ... I gotta feelin ;) 
I take back my earlier statment . 
I dont have a \Go crazy\ " switch like most ppl do .. damn my upbringing .. made me be what i call the triple c's .. cool calm and collected .. well most of the time at least .. other times its the triple p's ... pissed pessimistic and paranoid lol " 
woowww .. they might get that kid who played < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to play spiderman .. yes the spiderman in highschool of course ... thats actually not bad .. as long as they dont mess up < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > again -_-; 
Cant beleive im getting sick .. how annoying 
I think i gradually became \too nice\ " .. sigh .. gotta work my way back to my douchbagness like in highschool lol " 
I'm goin in .. and ima go hard 
hey im 718502400 seconds old ... awsome 
Bored . 
Yo .. Check out this manga called psyren .. Hot stuff my friends .. hotttt stuff 
yep its official .. they makin a new pokemon .. pokemon black and white .. they really runnin out of colors .. whats next .. pokemon indian red and macaroni and cheese lol 
Hey I am not immature ! Irresponsible .. sure .. indecisive ill take that ... but immature .. the disrespect 
Must draw ... but no motivated = crappy drawings .... time to read some manga for inspiration ! 
why am i home alone .. wellp .. time to run a round naked again 
Gotta stay positive .. then positive things will come my way 
Dear sickness .. nobody likes you go away 
Sigh .. why do I even give advice if your not going to listen .. smh 
So im tryna figure out a workout routine to stick to ... then I had the idea .. hey maybe i should do handstand pushups .. but since i can even do a handstand by myself .. i went to the wall to balance myself ... why are handstands mad hard to do .. and to do a pushup like that .. wtf was I thinking 
yes its official ladies and gents .. fellow videogame nerds ... they are makin < PROPFEMALE > vs capcom 3 .. after 10 longs years they finally makin a sequel .. lol at < PROPFIRST > from resident evil being in the game though .. smh 
Open your eyes .. see what's in front of your face .. and save me my fist full of tears 
What am I doing ? O yeah .. that right .. I'm doin me 
Every week I think bleach is done surprising me .. but that damn tite kubo .. he sure knows how to write em 
\I know way too many ppl here right now that I didnt know last year .. who the f&*^ are y'all ? \ " Why is that the 1st thing I think when I step into work .. lol " 
Cause Im a ninja ... Cowabunga time ! 
sigh .. work < PROPFEMALE > few ... guess i better cook up some breakfast to go with this quart of coffee ima bout to drink 
That coffee had me wired .. I was moving mad quick ... apparently too quick cause someone ran over my foot with a < PROPFIRST > ... 
oh .. oh .. oh .. oh .. oh .. oh .. oh , oh .. oh .. oh .. oh .. oh ... oh .. oh .. oh .. oh ..... oh-my-gosh 
Bad day .. bad day .. bad day ... bad day ... lol good ol < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > adventures .. but seriously today has not been a good day so far 
Balance is needed .. or there would be chaos 
@ work at this ungodly hour .. gotta get this money 
Still at work ... mendokusai 
I walked into work at 4am .... why am I just now walking out 
I hate this weather .... come back coldness .. I miss you 
I swear im the most average looking person in the world .. everytime i meet someone they tell me i look like someone they know .. and ppl i already know always tell me they seen someone that looked like me .. only one explanation i went back in time and had mad kids lol 
Meh . 
Time for a change .. but where to start .... -__- 
The snozberries taste like snozberries . 
Hmm .. maybe I am immature after all 
Wtf man ... back to 9% body fat ... how the hell am I burnin all these calories .. that gainin weight dream is over .. wellp guess I gotta get cut 
Yoo watchin this old power ranger episode .. the evil green ranger was badass .. smh .. what happened to you < PROPFIRST > lmao 
I got a pocket , got a pocketful of sunshine .... it burns 
My dreams have been weird lately .. one dream was fighting vampires .. next dream was fighting mutated zombies in the future ... I need to get in touch with a dream interpreter 
Sleep ? What is this .. sleep .. I've never heard of such a thing . 
Tired ... so ... very tired 
3 more hours till freedom 
Never ending perpetual boredom .. yay 
Hi . 
Someone at work asked me if i took steroids .. ( i be liftin mad stuff at work ) .. my response .. \nope .. only angel dust\ " .. priceless " 
Hmm ... is it fat of me to put peanut butter on oreos .... 
<<< The original situation 
Haha .. Remembering mothers day when my sisters and I sang a mothers day song ( Which we made up on the spot ) for mom dukes ... hilarious 
I know what im missing ... resolve and determination .. all I have to do is move forward 
Why I almost landed on m face commin out the train station .. wild tripped .. hands in my pocket .. i dont know how i avoided falling all together 
Hey ... hey .. you .. you .. get into my car ! Get out of my dreams .. and into my car . 
sigh ... I hate my dreams .. its either a nightmare and I wake up happy cause it was all a dream ... or I have a great dream and get pissed cause I woke up 
Tired of ppls bitchassness .. yes thats one word ... if you are not a G dont act like you are .. be real with yourself and know your place 
My vampire skin can't take this sun .... feels like I'm about to bursts into flames .. ona side note .. seen like 3 fat ppl with hoodies ... wtf is that about 
Even smidacked .. I'm still an old fashion gentleman smh 
why is it 1,000,000,001 degrees outside 
left my phone at my cuz house ....... nice 
somethin somethin somethin ... STACK THAT CHEESE ! mother sister cousin STACK THAT CHEESE ! 
Feels like i cant sit still .... this feeling is annoying as hell 
Heh .. funny story .. so today after I came home from work I went to sleep .. then I woke up .. hilarious i know 
Mad bored .. this is ridiculous 
Go hard , today ... Can’t worry about the past cause that was yesterday 
Had some wild dream I had a son .. crazy .. only persons face in the dream I remembered .. the rest of the dream proceeded to make zero sense 
Another long day -_- 
woorrdd .. ruggedly handsome .. even though i have the face of a 17yr old .. eh .. ill take it 
Mad hot .. was awake for more than 24hrs but could only sleep for 3 hrs 
Im hungry .. whos cookin 
random thought .. whatever happened to sconex .. lmao 
yo who saw that mortal kombat : Rebirth trailer ... yet again < PROPFIRST > cage got the bottom half of the stick .. and where the hell is liu kang 
Yooo my phone be violating me now .. just be turnin off < PROPFEMALE > middle of a convo .. think i need a new battery .. mendokusai -_- 
What a very long day this had been ... tommorow is gonna suck as well ... hurray 
Jus dream chasin .. dont wanna wake up 
: l 
yo the 3ds actually has me amazed .. the graphics are o . d .. kudos nintendo kudos 
cut on my eyelid ... how very annoying .. didnt realize how much I rub my eyes till i got it 
Yo the celtics wild lost that game themselves .. smh .. what the hell was they doin 
lol @ the 2 drunken women that tred talkin to me on my way to work . 
yo why i was half sleep walkin on my way home .. i kept havin mini dreams about this manga im reading .. lol .. almost walked mad close to a stray cat .. and into traffic a couple of times .. im not doing that ever again 
Fathers day was cool .. chillin wit the famz .. grandfather wild scared the hell out me though .. bout to get baptized .. like right now .. lol .. \forever and ever .. \"" 
I never take my sneakers off .. cause i am sneakers o'toole 
Hot . 
yea .. so ran over my foot with a < PROPFIRST > carrying water ... fun times 
I'll see you in another life ... when we are both cats 
Hot .. hot .. hot .. why 
So walkin home from work .. and a pigeon almost flew into my face .. but i dodged it like a ninja .. looked around .. nobody saw my epicness .. smh 
Just thought about all the mistakes Ive made since last year .. came to a realization .. I am stupid lol .. well you live and you learn 
the reviews for the last air bender are horrible .. cross that off my list of movies I want to see 
past couple days been crazy wit the famz .. aint been home < PROPFEMALE > minute .. good times .. good times 
wait wait wait .. why is it so hot .. im wild sweatin jus sitting down 
smh frowning face 
all rrighhgtttt .. im back at my normal weight .. only problem is .. im mad out of shape .. sigh .. cant win 
manga of the day .... Highschool of the Dead ... good read 
\tay ? away from her okay ? chee nod four jew main \"" 
Yo Thanks to everybody for the bday love .. yesterday was fun .. cuzzin spazzin lmao .. good times .. good times 
How part of my psp charger melted .... then my psp fell and it won't turn on .. smh 
chocolate wasted ! 
I reeaalllyyyyy need a new job ... off the craigs list 
Yo why some dude killed a chimpunk at work with a stick with a nail in it .. 
I always find a way to sabotage my own happiness .. smh 
Its an illusion created by my mind to infiltrate your brain . 
Now see ... I like ya .... and I want cha .. now we can do this the easy way ... or the hard way .. the choice is yours 
\Get out the wayyyyyy .... pretty boy commin thoughh ... me and my crew we SWAGIT in the rooom \"" 
\Its a rap for your skin cause im wearing it as a coat ... its a rap for ya ribcage cause im wearing it as a hat\ " lmao " 
Street fighter vs tekken ... looks wild 
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing\ 
Just prayed to a god that I don't believe in \ 
Cause I got time while she got freedom\ 
Cause when a heart breaks no it don't break even 
Oh you fancy huh ? 
Damn ... just realized im really bad with names ... all the people i just met within these 2 weeks ... dont even remeber there names .. that includes the person I just met on saturday lmao 
ok .. its official now ... fmylife.com is the funniest site in the world 
The other day some guy asked me to swipe him in the train .. so i did .. looked how much money was left on my metrocard and was upset .. but thought .. hey .. maybe < PROPFEMALE > will pay me back in another way .. I then proceeded to be an hour late for work cause i missed the last downtown train 
nothing like ghetto homemade snackwraps to start my day 
pfft ... stupid dreams 
Hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooot ... that is all 
Was thinking ... it would take like 7 gerbils to screw in a lightbulb 
Wait ....... they don't love you like I love you 
Up early ... and starving .. wtf am I goona eat (-__-) 
why my ankles wild hurting ... maybe its from drinkin all that coffee .... 
< PROPFEMALE > has led me to a new phone 
I said teellllllll meee whats really goin on . 
But I'm just a soul whose intentions are good . Oh Lord , please don't let me be misunderstood . 
Sometimes its darkest just before < PROPFEMALE > 
People will disapoint you . 
Cant wait to be the king ... young simba 
Im calling out your ridiculousness ... if its ridiculous im gonna let you know ... dont try to defend it ... cause thats just ... well ....... ridiculous 
Why in the middle of a dream I saw < PROPMALE > dicaprio and got scared and yelled \inception !!! A dream within a dream !! \ " ... smh ... i didnt even see the movie " 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh ! Why am I still at work 
I am only still awake because i had black coffee and a 5 hour energy drink at 6 today ..... what a rush 
I love this weather 
actually went to sleep on a bed for once ... and I kept waking up every hour ... dammit I got used to sleeping on the couch 
I hate it when im looking for something for a long time .... find it . \ 
.. just to lose it 
Stronger .. gotta get stronger 
Yea so < PROPFEMALE > rush to go to work I ate one and a half moldy bread sandwiches .. fml 
I am ridiculously tired 
Still tense ... smh 
Wtf ... still got a minor headache .... did I really go in that much on saturday 
I got nothing against < PROPFIRST > beiber ... but if I hear another one of his songs at work I think I might just have to kill him 
I dnt have to say you stole my heart .. cause anything I have I freely give to you .. and I knew right from the vry start that the only place I belong is next to ya 
Its so hot ... i think my blood is evaporating 
Like 20 gallons of water came out my kitchen sink ... landlord had to come and fix it .. kitchen is a mess .. im hungry .. and if i cook sumthing ima just add to the mess ima have to clean fml 
Sudoku ! Time to grow some brain cells 
See if im boring .. you cant be boring too .. its just not gonna work 
Spine ... pain 
Its type chilly outside 
I really am my worst enemy ... now how do I rid myself of that bastard lol 
Wow walking to work actually helped with my lower back pain .. who woulda thought 
Off to work ; ; 
Karaoke ? O god why lmao 
Reboot of dmc ... why ? 
My mind is a puzzlebox .. i have yet to figure it out 
Why did i just see a squirrel tail with 2legs attached on the sidewalk O__O 
Lol what a crazy night .. good times with cool ppl 
damn ... cant do that now .. ill be a douche if I do 
Jeez .. wuts wit ppl actin like they dont know a brother 
Meowth that right . 
Seriously why do still have a little tan .. damn weather needs to get cold so I can look like a twilight vampire 
Cinco ! Cinco ! Cinco ! Cinco ! 
Yo muscles kinda sore ... what a long day 
what do you call cheese that isnt yours ..... notcho cheese ... lmao 
Stop thinking and act .. the answer will come 
Dreaming of revelry . 
Greaat now im sick 
A Fistful of tears I can afford 
Flute solo ! 
I wanna be cool like that guy at the end of scarface with the shotgun and sunglasses 
Huh .. what .. 
This love has taken its toll on me .. she said goodbye too many times before . 
Lets do it sis ... SHAZAM ! 
\Snooki wants smoosh smoosh ! \ " .. lmao .. south park too funny " 
this that good sleepin weather right here 
nande sonnani majime nano ? 
Whats someone like you doing < PROPFEMALE > place like this ? 
They call me cuban < PROPMALE > im the < PROPMALE > of the ramba beat 
I wish I was sleep ... but I guess makin money is a good substitute 
Zzzz 
Only day off and was sleep all day smh 
Sigh ... i hate random dreams 
Why did I have a dream that i was rorschach from watchmen lmao 
even though you may not understand it ... people always have a reason to do the things they do ... if you try to understand them you may find people arnt so different at all .. you know unless they crazy 
Last time I let a barber cut my mustache .. I look strait dominican 
The demon in me was the best of friends from the start . 
What a tease .... smh ... -_- 
Gonna be a long night ... 
Yea ima just keep my mustache like this ... spanish mode ftw 
Maybe its not so bad bein the nice guy 
Wtf .. another crazy ass dream ... this time I had a twin brother that lived in DR who had a learning disability ... where does my mind get this stuff from 
* insert random song quote here * 
So .... tired .... time to get ready for work . 
Yo why some dude crawled through the turnstile so the person in the booth wouldnt see him .. he got up after he turned a corner .. lmao 
Sometimes its hard to realize the progess you made unless you look back 
Would've came back for you .. i just needed time to do what I had to do .. caught in the life I cant let it go .. whether thats right I wont ever know 
-_- 
All I want is you now . 
Yay its frid ... wait i got work tonight .. dammit 
Forever the lone wolf 
\im in the future so my present is the past my presence is a present kiss my ass \"" 
I was mad tired yesterday at this time .... 2 monster energy drinks and 2 mountain dews later im still awake .. wide awake at that .. 
Yooooo this kik is brazy 
Been up for two mother f@ #in days ... time to sleep like a baby .. crappin in my underwear and all 
i might try living for once ... nah maybe another time 
Slowly going insane ... well more insane 
Ahh get out of my brain ! 
Eyes .... on .... fire .. nap b4 work .. lets get it 
Dont know why .. but ive been drinking alot of dr pepper lately .. maybe its because of the smooth 23 flavors that seamlessly mesh into one cohesive taste that tingle my tastebuds ... hmmm .. nah .. guess ill never know why 
Pissed ... slept all day yesterday .. missed the fight .. and missed a party smh 
Have a little growing up to do . 
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww freakout ! 
I swear \blue\ " flavor is the best flavor .. any juice thats blue is crack " 
Damn sleep problems .. cant sleep for more than an hour .. i wanna go to sleep dammit ! 
What ?! Ps3 on deck .. psn : shadowquincy .. you already know what it is 
work was insane .... so tired .. but hey .. OT 
Work work work work work work work 
mannn im too skinny to be walkin round with this heavy heart 
I swear my fams is crazy .. matter of fact i know they are .. but idk where ill be without them 
When and how the hell did I get sick .... 
i have come to the conclusion that i have yamcha swag ... yamcha !? out of all the characters ... not even krillin but yamcha .. sigh ... it is what it is 
People often ask me what im waiting for .. well ill tell you after I find it 
DOODOO ! tryna flush me .. im not diarrhea so you cant rush me 
ah yes .. this cold weather is what i live for 
Why I had a dream that my family and I pop lockin ... wtf 
Pon the floor . 
Moving day is a very dangerous day * rocko voice * 
why did higher ups at work try to hit me with some bullsH^&* why they never allowed me to get overtime .. now they want us to work the whole week with only sat off .... yea time to find a new job 
I missed the eclipse ........ yay money 
\I sit up all night thinkin bout you \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas yall 
mannn i been sick for like 3 weeks ... idk if i should be goin to work in this weather 
who you finna try ? 
Im the last one awake yet again ... smh 
Why does this baby suffer from dunlap . 
Why am I just now getting home from work .. wanna know what time i got to work .. almost exactly 12 hours ago 
Time to pay a visit to smoodle city 
Still kinda sick .. but had to get out the house . 
Bar hoppin 
Eh .. night was ok .. shoulda talked to them 2 asian girls with my cousin .. well you live and you learn 
Lmao .. aw man .. 
Tired .. but can't go to sleep .. alot on my mind 
Only wanna talk to one person but can't get in contact with them .. wtf kinda game god is playin with me lol 
Wtf .. shirt got extra small .. my brolicness must be gettin up tbere .. thanks gfs lmao 
Good times with family and friends .. 
I feel like I came out of an anus .. wtf was I drinking last night .. lmao 
The events of last night are still a blur .. good times .. good times 
Did I just show up for work at 4 am to find out I was supposed to come in yesterday .. yep .. hurray for a wasted train ride and a lower pay check 
Q : You believe a man can change his < PROPFEMALE > ? \ 
A : I think a man does what he can until his < PROPFEMALE > is revealed 
Things can never be easy can they ... well I guess there's no fun unless things are a little bit difficult 
Jeez .. i dont have any superbowl party plans today ... how lame 
Yo just saw goku fight freiza on dragonball kai .. wwttff is this bull .. they messed it up for the new generation 
Ohhhhhhhhhh the playstation phone 
Yo ..... this superbowl is boring as hell 
Lmao lmao greenbay won .. wtf is that 
did i just drink 5 coronas < PROPFEMALE > row ... wait .. * chug * * chug * .. yep 5 .. goodbye liver .. i barely knew ye 
just had the most spiciest lamb n rice ever .. ohhh boy im not lookin forward to that morning smoodle 
Jeez finally saw inception .. good movie .. good movie .. bout to get myself a top .. you know just to make sure this is real 
-__- wtf .. why do I feel like that guy from the notebook .. i don't wanna be that guy 
\Buu make you dead\ " ~ Majin Buu " 
Good times wit my lil sis during her birthday ... happy birthday sis .. hope you had fun 
Happy valentines day everyone ....... Even though my < PROPFIRST>'s day plans went out the window 
MVC3 on deck .. who want to get they ass wooped 
I really need to stop friend requesting random ppl when I'm inebriated 
\I love to Singa\ " ~ owl jolson " 
Can't take all this negative energy here . 
Times moving fast but not fast enough so I'm speeding 
Last night was pretty fun ... you know except for the part where the lounge randomly had gay night or sumthin ... other than that fun times 
Mannnn wtf kinda night 
Why did I have a dream within a dream ...... where's my totem 
To do or not to do that is the question . 
Zetman ... manga .. read it 
I think that's my cue to go to sleep 
Smoodle city 
Let the poke war ....... BEGIN * Shang tsung voice * 
I just poked someone I don't know by an accident ... damn you fb mobile 
A lil mvc3 b4 work ... yessir 
She put a bag on my head .... doesn't matter still counts ! 
I'm uh pretty inebriated ... so if u wanna ask me a question .. I'm pretty sure you'll get 100% honesty lol 
Let the inebriation continue ! 
Wth ... why did the night have to end crazy 
Your either for me or against me 
You can get with this .... or you could get with that .... the choice is yours 
Hmm .. vagrant story or dead space 2 addon 
Tired .. so very tired ... damn after effects of monster ... damn you monster energy drink ... damn you to heck 
Remembering when my cuz and I was drunk ... doing the heal toe on the side walk ... good times good times 
Hall pass was mad funny ... if you didn't see it .. wtf you waiting for 
Oh snap this club is poppin 
Oh they playing < PROPFEMALE > rain 
Uhh ... hangover city ... but it was worth it .. last night was live 
Jeez .. still hungover .. Quintin I blame you for buying cheap vodka 
Eh .. my random ass dreams are back .. yay 
\Do you ever dream of < PROPFEMALE > coated rain drops \"" 
Stuck at home .. yay me 
\Every little thing I do .. your on my mind \"" 
Yo why was I extra strong at work today ... I blame the club lol 
Almost forgot I saved someone's life at work ... i moved with such speed and strength to catch boxes that was about to fall onto this girls head .. everybody gets one * Spiderman voice * 
Random thought # 5746883685 .... selena was a good ass movie 
Had a dream the other day I was the Guy from limitless ... I collected all 7 dragonballs and summoned the dragon who's human form was Perseus human father from clash of the titans .... that was only the beginning of the dream lol 
Off to work I go ... 9 monsters on deck 
Yooooooo .. wut is poppin for St. Patrick's day .... I have to celebrate my < PROPFEMALE > heritage ! 
\Long live the king . \ " ~ Scar " 
Ima bout to go outside and just start walking ... see where life takes me 
Family above all else ... that's just the way I see things 
\I feel ......... aaaaaaallllllllliiiivvvvveeee\ " ~ Johnny 5 " 
Lol another crazy dream ... keep em comming brain 
Ima start a random dreams blog ... write down all the madness ... maybe one could become a movie lol 
\ ..... I know Kung fu\ " ~ Neo " 
I need a kiss me I'm < PROPFEMALE > shirt ... does anyone know where I can acquire one of these 
Im like Chandler from friends ... when he was skinny 
Jeez ... can a brother get a minute to himself 
Today my < PROPFEMALE > blood boils uncontrollably .... yes I'm actually part irish ... and yes I'm getting wasted lol 
White boy wasted . 
Dude ... wtf happened last night ... lol 
\Not my blood ! \ " ~ Crazy Guy from war of the world's " 
\Baby there's a shark in the water . \ " ..... this damn song is stuck in my head ... and I have no idea what she's talking about lol " 
\The way you move ain't fair you know . \"" 
At times like this my thoughts always lead back to you . 
\Your mother is so fat even cows moo at her\ " ~ Goku " 
Damn it ... poking ppl and liking random things on accident ... again ... lol its actually kinda funny 
Why am I getting emails from blizzard saying that my World of Warcraft character is suspected of doing illegal activities on the game and will be deleted if I don't respond .............. I have never played World of Warcraft .... lmfao 
Thats what I love about these high-school girls man ... I get older and they stay the same age heh heh ... 
Jeez am I the only black person who knows who Cat Stevens is ... 
Push ups ... crunches\ 
.. push ups ... crunches ... repeat 
Too much on my mind ... Woooooosah 
Eh ... not feeling good 
Tired .. so very tired ...... leave for work in 30 .. just got in 5 mins ago ... why they started playing the dance music as I was leaving ... damn you calico jacks 
\I can hear your heart ... crying out for me . \"" 
Hmmm maybe I shouldnt have eaten that whole pizza pie ... woke up feeling mad greasy lol 
Dynasty warriors 7 ?!.... online c o-o p ?!... yea .... I'm hype 
\Oh she's a gold digger ... from way over town ... that digs on me . \"" 
Just saw a baby throw up ... a couple of times ... now i feel like ima throw up .. smh ... just like that movie lol 
Juuuuuuuuuuust a little under the influence . 
Sometimes I just don't understand ppl ... if you have a problem with me don't hold it in ... let me know so we can work it out ... and if we can't at least we can agree to disagree .... or if that's not an option I just wont associate myself with you ... its really that simple 
Why my aunt insinuated that I eat most of the food .... the baby here eats more food than I do in here lmfao 
Whats on your mind ? 
Wellp looks like I'm not going anywhere tonight 
