I love my sweet heart , he is so awesome and cute and cuddly . LOL 

Ive decided that I should take control of my own life , and that I should stop wasting my time with what other people think , even if they are my parents . Its past time that I get a grasp . Its time to please myself . I haven't yet told my parents that Ive made the C team ,. Im proud of myself . I need to step it up even more . Maybe now that they aren't on my backs anymore I can actually breath freely for a change . 
Silly people : < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Sora , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Drago , Mom , Sora , Drago , < PROPFEMALE > , Sora , Drago ... 
Ive been having an excellent time with Drago ! <3 
Just finished all my school work . Ill be leaving tomorrow afternoon . 
Babies , I DON'T WANT THEM !! They cry all the time and they smell .... but they are cute when they are sleeping . lol 
So bored , but so stressed . I have a job !! Census crew leader ! At $19/hr . When I get done with the training session , ill have enough money for a car !! OMG yes 
Started my offical first day of work today ! It sucked so bad , I was very unprepared . :( I hope tomorrow is better . 
Waiting for my damn puppy and being stressed in the process . Dads lost his mind and mom fled the state and im sweating my ass off ... 
Has puppy fever . So < PROPFEMALE > , why should i fix my dog ? 
One year physical today . Whoop whoop . 
The next time you open your mouth , ill shove my fist down your throat so deep you cannot swallow . Ill make your body hollow . You will enjoy the abuse cuz you got nothing to lose . I swear ill fistfuck your brains til im smiling again . 
Been a little busy , havent we guys ? Lol and it isnt even halfway thru the day . 
Just a friendly reminder guys , if you are going to screw around with alot of people , get tested after each one . Yes < PROPFIRST > , thats directed towards you . 
Im lying in bed , smelling the intoxicating smell of my bf . He smells so nice ... 
Im having to change my status because some people can't stand to read it . lmao 
Ill try this too . If you like this status , Ill put something I like about you , dislike about you , and a confession ( if I have one ! ) . 
Bitsune 
Hey i got someone who is facebook lonely . Can you befriend him ? His name is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and he's a sweetheart . 
Zoey is adorible ! She's making noises already and she is being a playful puppy . She isnt peeing in the house and she's sneaking food from her dish . Such a skiddish puppy ... 
Credulous at best , your < PROPFEMALE > to believe in angels in the hearts of men . Pull your head on out your hippy haze and give a listen . Shouldnt have to say it all again . The Universe is hostile , so impossible . Devour to survive . So it is , so its always been . 
I got two job interviews tomorrow . One at subways and the other at walmart . Wish me luck 
Watching Sherlock Holmes . Its incredibly awesome ! 
Break this bittersweet spell on me . Lost in the arms of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Keeping my mind occupied with puppies . They are a handful ... 
If im killed by the questions like a cancer , then ill be buried by the silence of the answer by myself . 
Why didnt my status post ? Damn it ... 
Intolerance blows my mind . Im surprised at just how close minded people nowadays are . Its horrible ! Why cant people accept others how they are ? 
I got the stupid song \im a < PROPFEMALE > girl\ " stuck in my damn head ... " 
Do you mind if I gag your knob ? lmao 
Unbelievibly tired ... see its even in my spelling ... -snooze- 
Ive got gallons of blood . Cant remember where its from . Theres clipings on the wall . I guess its stuff ive done .... IM GONNA PAINT THIS TOWN RED !! -Combichrist \Red \"" 
My poor little puppy was mauled by a waterbug today . Shes ok but she was scared out of her little mind . The waterbug didnt fair that well . I had to save her . Thats so damn sad . 
Im pulling my hair out in chunks again . I dont know what to do anymore ... 
The most effective lesson is learned the hard way . It takes willpower to pick yourself up after heartbreak . I have none . I have nothing anymore . 
Im going to work instead of sleeping . I slept like shit last night . Feel like shit too . 
Im so tired and im so tense . I can feel all the stress in my back . This sucks 
The world lies in the hands of Evil . We pray it will last . 
Even the people who never frown eventually break down . No matter what you see you're still so blind to me . 
Anyone who has a problem with witches or witchcraft , please post here . 
Ok people ! Last < PROPMALE > ! If anyone has a problem with witches or witchcraft , comment here . I need to know ! 
Im a witch ! I proudly announce it . I have been for years now . I am not a \black\ " witch but im not a \ " white\ " witch either . I profess that i believe that i should ask before i do anything to anyone and i follow the Rede . I love my religion . " 
\I know the truth . \ " \ " ... Where are you ? \ " \ " You can call it the end of the world . \"" 
Have a blessed Lammas/lughnasadh 
Why make so much turmoil for tomorrows that sound fake ? Why ask trivial questions ? Must we be so dumb ... 
Today is a hard day to get up . 
Went from super depressed this morning to depressed at midday to very depressed now . 
Trying to teach Zoey fetch . She seems more interested in catch . Lol 
Holy bejuezus ! Jesus has taken over my facebook !!! 
If i won $120mil , i would take a trip around the world and go to places like germany and new zeland . Then i would buy a house , a car and a truck . And then i would buy a ton of houses and land to rent out while i go to college for my doctorate in vet medicine . 
So tired ... yet im awake . Oh Gods why ... 
My phone has been shut off . I wont be able to text or call people . Sorry . 
If i dont drop weight soon i have the < PROPMALE > of organ failure . I never knew i weighed so much ... It breaks my heart ... 
Im sitting here on edge and stressed out . The weight of my world is crushing me . I must let it go soon ... 
Im so excited about rit tonight !! I cant wait . Yay !! 
Finally home again . Its hot ... 
Yet another hard day to get up . This shit sucks . 
Today was easier to get up this morning . I had a healthy dinner last night and i feel better today . Wow . 
No matter what people hear they will always find someone else that will tell them what they want to hear instead of the truth . Shit , im tired of people who want quick answers and quick solutions . LIFE IS NOT LIKE THAT !!! 
Dont let your victories go to your head , or your failures to your heart . 
is frustrated . 
Omg my apartment is FINALLY cold ! Three months of paying for almost nonexistant ac has pissed me off . So glad i got the window unit ... 
Im hoping to get a membership today . I want to swim today . 
I have a ton of things floating around my head but i dont know what to do about it ... So blah . 
I had a wonderful time with mom tonight . We went to ymca and did water aerobics ! It was so fun , i want to do it tomorrow ! Hehehe . Who knew excercising was so much fun ? 
You know your tired when ... you see animals and objects in the road that arent really there . And when the highway suddenly ends when its not supposed to ... 
Ive been so blessed by the Goddess these past few days . I hope it continues . 
In florida now . Oh im wondering where this will lead me .. 
is impatient in general . I dont want to deal with this bullshit , ever . I have put up with enough of it to last a lifetime . 
Oh about to go to bed ae . So tired im talking like a Canadian ae ... 
What to do what to do . Im tired of walking around to put in applications ... Florida is bloody hot but its nothing like texas . 
Decided to lay low on the forums for a bit . Third strike in the next three months and im gone . When all else fails , shut your mouth and watch . 
Rain rain go away , and dont bring your hurricane buddies either . 
today is a blah day . 
I am in desperate need of blinker fluid . Anyone know where i can get some ? 
I think i might have got a very good paying job . Im going to set up an interview tomorrow . Oh i so hope i get it ! 
Job probably is a scam ... Mom remind me today to ask about money . 
Going back to walmart today . Ill have proper internet tomorrow . Yay . 
Gonna cook dinner tonight . < PROPMALE > and cheese and peas ... 
Im nice and dry here in florida . Hows it feel Texas ? Lol 
Im surprised not very people has said anything about 9/11 , 9 years ago . 
I had a happy dream about a woman I am deathly afraid of .. :/ I wonder if she'll ever know ... 
Watching the new Resident Evil movie . Then im gonna go to the Castle . Yay ! 
Finally got a job at walmart . Part time , but better than nothing ... 
< PROPMALE > got a job !!! He starts monday . He's going to do security again . Whoo hoo ! 
No wealth , no ruin , no silver , no gold , nothing satisfies me but your soul . Well I am Death , and none can excel , I will open the doors to Heaven or Hell 
It feels good to work but my body hates me for it . 
Its semi offical . Im dyslexic . Now i need to get officially tested . 
Hi ho hi ho its off to work i go ... My goodness when will my break come ?? 
I got a fortune cookie today . It said \Use your instincts now . \ " . Hmm i wonder . " 
Watching NCIS and dogs 101 . Puppies are so cute ! 
I am so tired ... I want to go to sleep ... Zzzzz .... 
Two weeks in and i already hate walmart . I hope i get a car soon , so i can find a better job ... 
Today is National Smacka Twilight Fan day . Im gonna smack you , you know who yall are . Lmao ! 
Fantasizing about the lottery . Id totally buy a brand new car . Then id go to college . And if there is any $ left , id buy a house or four . 
All this hearing of suicide because of bullying has brought up some bad memories . :/ 
Sagittarius , the < PROPFEMALE > to contemplate , to understand , to philosophize . The harvest is stored and hopefully in sufficient abundance to serve the community until Spring . Fires burn brightly in hearths , illuminating the darkness of night and casting pictures upon the wall . Within imagination , visits are made to faraway places . The mind ponders on life's greater purpose . The meaning of existence and its purpose on Earth 
Sitting here , dreading going back to work . I ache all over . Wish i would get used to this crap already ... 
You and me , We used to be together , Everyday together always . I really feel That I'm losing my best friend . I can't believe This could be the end . It looks as though you're letting go And if it's real , Well I don't want to know . Don't speak , I know just what you're saying So please stop explaining . Don't tell me cause it hurts ... 
Oh , oh God , kill me now ! :( 
My mother , my boyfriend , and my best friend all got 65% on my quiz ....... am I really that bad ??? 
Like the status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2 . The color you remind me of 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname 
Oh , oh why ... Sometimes I wonder why you people friend me . Im beginning to think its to pad your friends list . 
Mea < PROPFEMALE > cupla 
mmmm pizza ... 
Saevio Horrendeoa Occasus Nex 
I crept out < PROPFEMALE > Stark tonight . I think I am awesome , esp since it involved mom . hehehehehehe 
Been removing some spammers from my friends . I dont want to read gangsta and I dont read spanish . Ahh my < PROPFEMALE > looks so much cleaner . 
Kyrie Eleison . Quia peccavi nimis cogitatione verbo et opere . Mea culpa , mea culpa . Mea < PROPFEMALE > cupla . Kyrie Eleison . 
< PROPFEMALE > Samhain everyone . Have a blessed and frightful day . 
Watching the haunted marathon on animal planet . Ooo i love it . 
Had a very interesting Samhain . Did a small communication ritual to speak with a few dead . I think I crossed over a young child too . It is such a sobering moment ... 
Mmm thinking about going to get some taco < PROPFEMALE > . Some Volcano Burritos would be a good choice ... ah , im hungry . 
Unless I grip the sword , I cannot protect you . While gripping the sword , I cannot embrace you . 
Yes , we have no < PROPFEMALE > . Only those swallowed up by ignorance and fear who take false steps , shall plunge us into the muddy waters called \ < PROPFEMALE >\"." 
I feel freaking horrible ! I have a bad case of the Ughs . What is wrong with me ? :[ 
The beginning of my day was awesome . I spent the morning with my best friend Sora , her sister < PROPFEMALE > and my brother < PROPMALE > . We went to the farmer's market , then taco < PROPFEMALE > , then we fed and petted some horses , then went to Prairie Paws , then to the horse vet in Lone < PROPFEMALE > Park . It was awesome !! x ) 
Feels like shit again . Its to be expected tho . Doesnt lessen the dull pain tho . 
Cant wait til tonight . Im gonna have some spiritual fun . hehehe 
Who are they ? Where are they ? How can they possibly know all this ? Do you see what I see ? Why do we live like this ? Is it because its true that ignorance is bliss ? Im sorry , so sorry . Im sorry we do this ... 
Then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end of your tunnel was just a freight train coming your way . 
Congrats to those brave ones who wrote in \Ctulhu\ " this past \ 
playing PokeFarm . Hahahaha I never thought I would get back into it ! Thanks Sora . 
Writing a book . Got some great ideas , and will start writing tomorrow . Yay ! :) 
Writing my book . What should the Title be ??? 
I tell my lies and I despise every second Im with you . So I run away and you still stay so what the F ck is wrong with you ? Your feelings , I cant help but rape them . Im sorry , I dont feel the same . My heart inside is constantly hating . Im sorry . 
Noone plans to take the path that brings you know where , and here you \ 
stand before us all and say its over . Its over . It might seem an after \ 
thought , but its my decision . Its My Decision . 
Going to see burlesque ! After Chili's of course ! Lol 
Damn , \ 
dont you hate it when stupid people comment on sh ** they dont even know\ 
about ? And Damn , dont you hate it when people who have no sense of \ 
humor comment on a joke ? Geez , STFU or GTFO ! 
Im sitting up in the middle of the night cuz i cant go to sleep . Thinking about my life and debating on taking some sleeping pills ... 
Why do I always get the scams ?? This sucks ... 
IFHAOY !!!!! ESOoY , GTHAD . 
Getting ready for my TWO job interviews . Woo hoo go me . 
First interview done , and i think it went like crap . It was quick and i was late . But now i'm in plano waiting on the second one .. 
-victory sings- i got a jooob . I got a joooob oh yeah . Training starts tomorrow . Uh huh . In your face ! 
Hey guys , looking for a job ? Have reliable transportation ? ( it doesnt have you be your car , just reliable ) I have a job for you ! Comment on this and Ill shoot you a PM with the information . $8 an hour ! 
Farmville guys !!! Can I remove a plot ? Like , make it go away bc I messed up ?? 
Why does \Ill only stay on for a little bit\ " always end up being hours ? " 
Thank you guys !!!! :') more people said happy birthday than I thought they would . You all have made my day ! <3 
And who do you think you are , running around leaving scars , collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart . Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul . So dont come back for me . Dont come back at all . Who do you think you are ? 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoonfrom your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste this to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
Hi ho hi ho its off to work I go -whistles- hi ho hi ho ... 
A\ 
little game : You and I wake up in a jail together . Using only 4 words , \ 
what doyou say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this\ 
in yourstatus so I can comment on yours too ! Fair is fair ... 
Lol an hour early for my dinner w friends , looking all neat and pretty and im sitting in my car listening to music . Good times good times . 
You make me come . You make me complete . You make me completely miserable . 
You could have have it all , my empire of dirt . I will let you down . I will make you hurt . 
Had an awesome time with my friends tonight . Didnt know having dinner would be so much fun ! And completely vegetarian too !! 
brb guys , Im afk . 
Ok , back , if anyone cares . 
Must . Write . Book .... Gah . 
I WASTED my entire day !! I am so sad . Where did my time go ?? 
I wanted to beat Sora at Snake , but I cant seem to get any higher than 210 in my current sleep deprived state . UNTIL TOMORROW , SORA !!!! 
FINALLY I BEAT SORA !!! Ha TAKE THAT ! 
feels like beat crap . I shouldnt have read that book so late ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Swindell and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , this post is only visible to you two . I am happy that you acknowledge Jesus as your Lord or whatever it may be , but please refrain from asking me to join stuff like that . You two know I am not Christian and am not looking to change . I appreciate your thoughtfulness , however , and thank you two for inviting me to Jesus Awareness Month anyway . 
Cant seem to get in the mood for work . I wish people were nicer ... 
I like work , I hate work . I like it I hate it I like it I hate it I like it I hate it I like it I hate it I like it I hate it I like it I hate it I like it I hate it I like it I hate it I like it I hate it I like it I hate it I like it I hate it ...... I hate mornings ... 
I forgot to eat before work and now im irritable . My stomach is gnawing at me and i have no money to fix it . Damn you payroll cut of date . 
Its not fair . I miss him ... 
Why is everything so fuckin hard for me\ 
Keep me down to what you think I must be\ 
Must you tempt me and provoke the ministry\ 
Keep on trying I won't die so easily\ 
So why wont you die ? 
Being a witch never will be easy . Even if everyone we know accepts us as we are , we will always walk between worlds and in the valley of death , not just the shadow . We are always on the edge of life and death , and no one can understand where we have been and where we are without being right there beside us . Truly , it is a dangerous job . 
Ugh . Just ugh . 
To my friends , am I crazy ? Do you think I am bat shit insane ? Do you think there is something wrong with me ? 
Hey friends , who wants to go out to eat and/or see a movie tonight ? 
I had a great time with < PROPMALE > . We went to see Tangled , which is a good movie . Something nice for the whole family . I cant wait to see Season of The Witch . Yay ! 
You know the world is fucked when they sell pregnant items on a child's station . 
GUYS !! Who all is coming to the party to see Season of the Witch tomorrow ? Come on , sound off ! 
Had an amazing night with < PROPFEMALE > and Joiey ! Season of the Witch was pretty good , but I liked the bullshitting we did afterward at wingstop ! God , I got to go out more !!! 
Overall a great night . I had a couple tradegies happen but no biggie . Goddess i have learned my lesson and i am sorry . I swear to straighten up . 
So , to tell everyone , last night I went to a costume dinner party and had my first Victorian style four course meal ! Everything went great until I went to go home . I started to drive away when I felt something wrong with my tire . I pulled over to check , and my tire was flat . 
What makes a friend ? Is it trust or love or forgiveness or laughter ? What is it that keeps people friends for years ? 
Damn you facebook ! I hate you ! 
Im off to see the Wizard , the Glorious Wizard of Oz . D: the book Wicked really gives you some twisted views of Oz , and never again can I see the Wizard of Oz in the same light again ! 
Yours is not to question why\ 
Yours is to do or die 
? is my nickname ! Take it or leave it . Hahaha . 
My nerves are fried . People are getting under my skin quite easily today , and idk why . Must be because of the nightmare last night . 
So so so excited that my staff is on its way !!! Oh i cant wait !! -Girly squeel- 
The New FB Privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " is now in effect . The new setting shares your data with non-FB sites & it is automatically set to \ " Enabled\ " . Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Apps & Websites > Instant Personalization > edit settings & uncheck \ " Enable\ " . Make sure your friends do this or info will be shared about you through their pages as well . Please copy and repost . " 
I am ok in my delusions . I am happy and comfortable , and I refuse to change that . I refuse to believe anything else . I refuse ... 
Please God , make it stop . 
Don't waste words with me\ 
Here's not the chamber for it\ 
Evil has never loved you\ 
Nobody has ever loved you 
There's no promise of safety with these secondhand wings\ 
But I'm willing to find out what impossible means . \ 
I'll climb through the heavens on feathers and dreams\ 
' Cause the melting point of wax means nothing to me . 
But how will I know limits from lies if I never try ? 
Today i am ok . I am level for the first time in a while . Im moving on . Is this the peace and calm people talk about ? 
The last few nights have been interesting to say the least . Fuck , just GO AWAY !! Whats wrong with you ? 
Oh Goddess , i am so nervous ! What if this thing embarrasses me in from of the whole group ?? I wouldnt be able to show my face again ... ~.~ 
Yay its gone !!! -does a dance- 
I can catch the floating stars they make the darkness brighter\ 
Even though they burn holes in my hand\ 
I can dive into the waters so deep I cant breathe\ 
Cuz there I feel things you wont understand 
< PROPFEMALE>'s funeral is Thursday . Visitation is Wed from 6 to 8pm . I dont know the place yet , but Im hoping to find out later this week . 
@ < PROPFEMALE > Stark , you wanted snow , you got snow . Sorry its a bit late , but better late than never . Lmao 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh I feel happy !! Idk why , but I feel great ! I hope this lasts . 
No , now this is the best compliment !! \and i always enjoy complimenting something pretty . :) \ " Oooo <3 <3 <3 " 
Oh I still have snow in my hair ... Awesome !! 
Best Quote Ever : Death is the new Life . 
Oh God of Migraines , why ? Why did you curse me with your presence ? Please , go away .... Ugh . 
I procrastinate and thats ok because Im ten times less likely to become a serial killer !! <3 :D 
Yay i had an interview today and i think i did great ! I pray that i get this job , for i would be set . Oh Lord and Lady , please bless me with this job !!! 
Can we just pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? Cuz I need a wish right now , wish right now , wish right now . 
What do you mean , evil has never loved you as I do ? 
Going to the park with my brother . bbl . 
Got back from the park and dinner with < PROPMALE > . I feel better being outside . I should do that much more often . 
Ugh , I have the same hatred of < PROPFIRST>'s day as every other single person on my facebook . I always hated that crawling feeling I got when I saw a couple , but this year is punctuated simply by the failed relationship I left behind . I wish I had someone to spend this commercialized holiday with .... 
Already today i've been wished a happy v day . But from this one , i do not mind . <3 * Kitsune * 
I got mom a < PROPFEMALE > for valentines day , and < PROPMALE > got her a little bear . He is such a cute kid . 
My card from Mom : where other people would fall , you rise to the occasion , and where other people would see a problem , you see a possibility . You understand hard times happen but you dont stand back you step in . You help , soothe , and inspire- and probably dont even realize how amazing you are . 
Yay , Job interview ! Thursday morning for Home Depot ! xD <3 
I despise not mornings themselves , but the feeling of having to wake up during them and my general grouchiness for everything . If only i was a morning person . 
I am thoroughly disgusted with my country . I think the top ten percentile should die and actually give the other ninety percent a < PROPMALE > at living like humans should . 
Taking < PROPMALE > to bball practice . 
Omg why are all the texas guys fucking crazy ?!? Dont use zoosk girls , all the psycho use it . 
Watching the Good Witch's Garden , on the Hallmark channel . D: 
< PROPFEMALE>'s a bitch , isnt it ? 
I just realized how absolutely addicted I was to Travian all those years ago . Truly , truly addicted . So addicted , in fact , that I spent every single moment of my life glued to the computer and would get violent if removed . When I was forced to stop , I suffered from withdrawals ... Just , wow . 
OMG Apocalyptica IS PLAYING AT THE HOUSE OF BLUES ON MAR 27th !!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am totally GOING !!!! 
My Horoscope : True love will careen into your life without warning next week , spin you around , take your breath away , dislocate your elbow , shatter your femur , and move on without having noticed you . 
OMG I am so jealous I didnt get to go to PantheaCon !!! I will HAVE to go next year !!! 
@Midas right now . About to go out for lunch , then off to walmart . Busy day . 
Ive got to stop beating myself up . 
So , a few days ago I was accused of identity theft by < PROPFEMALE > Huerta . I know a few of you are her friends , but when someone makes accusations that they cant back up , they usually apologize . Im still waiting for that apology . /super super mad/ 
/watches The Daily Show/ ......... /vomits with anger/ 
< PROPFEMALE > , you are a bitch !!! Dx 
This is what I get for knowing only one side . I should know better than this . I am ashamed of myself . >_> 
Und wir sind < PROPFEMALE > Helden nur diesen Tag . 
At the Biggest Loser casting call . Wish me luck ! Im gonna need it . 
There are levels of fat . I thought i was bad , but i saw a woman and went DAMN !! I'm glad she didn't hear me .... 
OMFG BUBBLE WRAP IS ADDICTIVE !!!!! 1 !!! 11 !! one 
Japan Update : a second volcano has erupted and another nuclear reactor has had a meltdown . I am afraid to ask what else may happen .... :( Please send your thoughts and prayers for these people , and make a donation if you can . 
Exhausted ... My mental capacities have been strained this night , not that I am complaining . This night was very informative , and i have made friends from around the world . I just hope that I see them again . Good night everyone . 
Blurg . 
I am thinking about becoming a politician , and actually doing something about the bullshit we call American politics . What do you think guys ? 
Guys , I need ideas for a video submission to Biggest Loser . I need ideas please !!! Like , how to show off my personality , and be awesome . Anything guys , please . 
OMG I need to make deviled eggs for tonight !!!!! D: Oh oh , busy busy day . 
There is no love in fear . 
I am drinking Silk's PureAlmond Dark Chocolate . Its pretty good actually . 
Via Parie < PROPMALE > , Urgent !!! PLEASE JOIN US ! We are sending Healing Energy & Light to a Friend's 22 month Old Baby Boy ~ He just shot himself in the chest with a < PROPMALE > Nailer ~ It entered & lodged in his Heart . He is in Critical Condition ... Prayers are welcomed too !! 
WTF was that , Dreamworld ? 
Raspberry yall . 
Off to a job interview . Wish me luck . 
I ran over a monster in my car because the voices told me to . 
I have 69 game requests . THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID !!!!!!!! 
Mama , why ? Just why . No more of your bumblebees , misses . 
\To these will I teach things that are yet unknown . \ 
Going to bed now . I wonder what today will have in store for me . Looking forward to my dreams . 
For you , < PROPMALE > Angel Gill : On this day , 1915 , a French aviator flew over a < PROPMALE > camp and dropped what appeared to be a huge bomb . The < PROPMALE > soldiers immediately scattered in all directions , but no explosion followed . After some time , the soldiers crept back and gingerly approached the bomb . They discovered it was actually a large football with a note tied to it that read , \April Fool ! \"" 
Oh , what to do , what to do ! Shall I take over the world today , Pinky ? Indeed I shall ... 
The sun feels so good today , and the wind is making it wonderful . Oh my Lord , i hope you give me a beautiful tan ... 
I know what I am going to do while Im waiting for fall !!! I am going to dive into my pagan stuff , like learning more about herbs and getting my BoS in order . Yes ... :D 
Sitting at a bar , listening to < PROPFEMALE > McGibbins from the very first American Idol . She's really good . 
< PROPFEMALE > opportunity one : pay for a lady's 5 dollar food < PROPMALE > cuz she couldnt - missed :( . Second opportunity : Pick up newspaper pieces and litter a group threw all over the strip mall behind house - done :) 
