thinks ?????? is the best country ever . 

is going to bed because band camp starts too early 
hates the hardness of Raphsody in blue 
hates the hardness of Rhaphsody in Blue . ( CE made me change it ) 
is mad at my GM < PROPMALE > 
hopes no one thinks my profile picture is French ... 
hates the Iliad 
Barnes and < PROPMALE > , my mom just went and got it . 
is watching Wild Russia 
is mad about the Burn Notice Marathon on USA 
is still mad about the Burn Notice marathon that is STILL on 
isnt as mad about the SVU marathon today . 
wasnt nearly as mad about Bond movie Monday today , which also kicked off Discovery channel's Shark Week ! 
is super pumped about the new monk season !!! 
is mad cause WoW is cancelled til tuesday because of a certain ten year old cousin stealing my room 
doesnt want school to start . 
is really mad at mmo champ right now 
thinks my computer needs to stop telling me i have a virus .... cause im completely healthy 
is going to a creepy factory 
is no longer at a creepy factory 
got his 3rd 70 
thinks he should eat dinner at 430 more often 
thinks that the Iliad has some very inappropriate themes 
says demon coach needs to move her < PROPFIRST > out of the classroom , oh wait , thats her ! 
thinks that getting back really late will be EVEN BETTER next week 
BOOM BOOM BOOM , MUFFINS 
is super excited about his first new phone 
doesnt like homework 
is at DCON 
had fun at dcon 
lost his polishing cloth =( 
thinks it wont last much longer 
has started a quote of the week . 
started a quote of the week 
has based his quote of the week on military appreciation night . 
needs more PAH in his life .. according to < PROPFIRST > 
should probably go get sleep for hawkinsville ..... well , maybe not 
is proud of himself and all the band ... mainly himself ... and < PROPFEMALE > , cause i am her minion 
quote of the week updates will now occur on saturdays 
is mad that the little picture cuts off half of vetinari's face . 
fixed his little picture of vetinari 
thinks its sad that there are more people online at ten thirty then at five thirty 
is going to fail the hic/ille quiz tommorow ... big surprise there 
got no points in latin today , on account of us not having a quiz ... 
Corolla 1 , < PROPFIRST > 0 , im winning 
needs 1 more . 
had fun at the Superbowl of Sound , watching < PROPMALE>'s interprative dance 
liked < PROPMALE>'s interrative dance , and changed his quote of the week 
is having a spelling fail day 
is excited about chicken week . 
is ready for the new NCIS 
changed his quote of the week . 
changed his quote of the week and finally got 75 pets 
changed his quote of the week late , and is excited about the start of Hallow's End 
thinks there werent enough Mr. Rodgers jokes in NCIS . 
is it racist that < PROPFEMALE > Zedong can win civ4 more quicly than Gandhi ? Or is it just communist ? 
has just learned that dnepropetrovsk is pronounced dehnehpropertrovs ... k 
went to flash floods(pronounced flewds ) and turned left , and changed the QoW 
THEY KILL COGIDUBNUS !!!! 
wont be changing his quote of the week until he can move . ( courtesy of his secretary CEF ) 
has a very fitting quote of the week 
changed his quote of the week 
needs his fricking latin stuff from fricking < PROPMALE > and fricking haleigh 
has a REAL SWORD 
Best . Timing . Ever . 
changed the quote of the week 
quote of the week is taking a vacation . 
saw Mr. Bridges at Kroger today ... 
has seen more pancake shops , knife stores , and old time photo shops this week , and there are two more days ... 
loves his grandparents < > this much . 
ok .... quote of the week is back on 
tommorow begins our first full week of school ... unless theres more invisible snow 
i really have nothing to say .... I almost got run over today 
why is my life so boring ? 
stupid capitalism economics homework 
don't kill the chickens 
look at the druuuummmmss 
is really tired , but going to bed is for suckers , just like . edu 
hopefully my quote of the week will provide some enlightenment .... i think thats how you spell that 
some people need to realize that there are two diet coke types for a reason .... 
Just because snow is falling doesn't mean that fimbulwinter has begun ... 
who wants a baboon liver !!! 
New Profile Picture , best movie everrrrr . 
had a great day at quiz bowl .. with Admiral Ackbar 
Is it bad for me to think that the Closing Ceremonies reminded me of the < PROPFEMALE > Stampede ? 
what is a virtuoso ? 
sometimes I have nothing to say 
organized plants today . 
honor the fallen , for , well , theyre dead . 
you can always feel good about yourself , you know , very individual and unique , when on your chat list there are three other < PROPMALE > fords online 
I have something to tell you .... I ... AM A WIZARD 
planet earth + oprah = life .. AMAZING 
new quote of the week , words of wisdom from one of my many alter egos 
thank you to all the people who gave me birthday wishes ... 
forgot his english at school .... along with his two < PROPFEMALE > english paper rough draft .... and his english noted on F451 .... 
ughhh bio test 
happy birthday Tchaikovsky ! 
I said , did you find erything you need ? 
GNUHHHHHHHHH 
last double english monday 
There's an online university called Capella University ... In Italian Capella means Chapel . 
\CCCCAAAAAAMMMPP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ " - Dr. Reddick " 
Missed a lot during camp 
has < PROPFEMALE > drops of glaze all over himself 
persepolis is so boring 
Caught a spider and is keeping it in a jar ... Muahahahahahahahahahaha(repeating ) 
Our family has too many books ... my iPod thought that i meant < PROPFEMALE > instead of books 
I dont think my band music could be any harder ... 
Is it possible to add nine cents to an iTunes account ? 
My dog has fleas ... 
I can watch mega shark vs giant octopus AND transmorphers on netflux 
How beautifully blue the sky ... 
Can see ms voss's car .. 
so I changed my laptop's language to hebrew ... and nothing happened . until i went to the internet that is ... Does anyone know how to read hebrew ? 
Is watching < PROPFEMALE > garten 
Beta here I come !!!! 
For once in my life .... there is no one to chat to . 
thinks hes turning into a short haired , clean shaven version of Dr. Reddick 
So little done , so much to do . - < PROPFIRST > Rhodes 
WTB timpani mallets . PST price 
< PROPFEMALE > 18 < PROPFEMALE > 290 : first mention of < PROPFEMALE > 18 
My newspaper article has OSHA in it !!! 
band camp was < PROPFEMALE > tough this week . 
the reason the balkans have so many ghosts is cause everyone killed themselves cause their countries suck so much 
Dear wonderful college neighbor guy , aka DJ Pope- I would appreciate if you would not ' jam ' with your band until 1130 . SOME people enjoy sleep . Thank you 
Today I WMD1 , wet marimba day one , of I hope one , but probably like 25 
Has < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>'s étude number one stuck in my head 
twisted AND shouted tonight ! 
latin = evil . That is all 
is soooo excited about algebra tommorow 
Reasons anyone would be up at 7 on a Sunday : 1 . Church 2 : DRAGONCON 
dear Ap Modern , please die , sincerely , < PROPMALE > 
What the crap is this story supposed to mean mr Paterson ??? 
Dear military , we appreciate you ... So were going to attempt to do two things in one halftime .... 
He who talks incessantly , talks nonsense . - African Proverb 
tyvm CE , for making me watch < PROPFIRST > bieber on the VMAs ... i got to see his bedazzled jacket 
Wishes he had a quena 
Was gonna do my English thing like t 20 minutes ago ... But I made a twitter instead 
just found out that < PROPFEMALE > Massaro has an email address !!! 
Ugggggh band parents ... Ughhhh being a section leader ... Ugggggghh < PROPFEMALE > spangled banner ... Ugggggghh AP modern 
Hates chemistry ..... And niels Bohr and < PROPMALE > shrodinger and jj thomson and all those other idiots 
Dear mother , per request for something positive , I am POSITIVE that tommorow is going to be a sucky AP modern class 
OMG OMG OMG OMG HAWKINSVILLE ... Wait .... Being negative for another hour ... nvm 
Has a cat pack outside his house 
Is reading AP modern about < PROPMALE > Cromwell ... I can't stop thinking about Halloweentown 
< PROPFIRST > of nassau is NOT in the AP modern book ... but he IS in my outline . tyvm Age of Empires III 
\isn't the Kremlin little people ? \ " CEF mixing up Kremlin and Gremlin " 
NC State Latin is very difficult when your teacher has a nervous breakdown 
for the first saturday in a month and a half ... i have no AP modern 
was being stupid and forgot how to turn the shower on .... and felt like Arhum Qazi 
Should probably have started AP before right now ..... 
So last night , I was at Red Lobster , and there was this family of Pakistani people ... and they were really wierd 
Thirteen minutes ago ... I should have gone to bed .... AND Cataclysm was released 
So .... there's no power ... 
2 more Ap essays ... 
so .. i studied AP ... then i took a break ... then i studied AP some more ... and some more ... and then ate dinner and studied some more ... then did some algebra II , then studied some more ... and im still not ready 
Just found out I made the all state cut ! 
loves my new homepage , mmsyo.org 
latin ? what ? 
dear google- the Venezuelan Enlightenment does not involve < PROPMALE > 
the day before school starts , and I'm already stressed 
starbucks changed its logo ... 
has officially decided that the giant white 50 is kinda neo-nazi 
So we can wear jeans ... Doesn't mean I'm going to 
is watching Hot Boyz with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > 
saw a teen mom nursing at Panera ... creepy 
Lol we got a D 
Hates AP modern and the evil book 
Hates chemistry homework 
Is shooting myself in the foot by facebooking instead of studying ... Oh well 
Brilliant idea : turn \I had a Latin moment\ " into I had an AP modern moment . " 
DBQ-done . Chem- ? 
Guess whose throat hurts !!! 
Has no idea what \equilibrium\ " is ... but its so confusing it can't be real " 
apparently Rasputin may or may not have been born 
was gonna start homework ... but then it started raining .... 
so apparently , by using the < PROPFEMALE > in my speech , I am in violation of International Law ... whoops 
Is hiding from the weather in an empty office .. Sounds just a little too much like a horror movie . 
thanks to everyone for my birthday wishes ! 
doesn't understand number 7 ... or any of the rest of them 
Its 6:00 AM ... Why ?!?!? 
