2011 is my year . 

Just Created My Facebook after getting bugged by so many people .... Hope you guys are happy 
4/20 is halarious ! I tried telling my friends , but they just couldn't SEE how .......... 
Mexican Food = World Peace in My Mouth 
O . D . B got me hooked on his stlye ! He likes it RAW and I can see why . 
Steeeeeeeeezy day today sonn 
Sooo stressesd out , so close to finishing school and I am working myself retarted to get these grades up . I don't know if it's even possable !!! WTF !!! 
Pain never felt so good like it did today , I love skateboarding 
Got my Labtop back ! 
Thumbs up for my ugly face ! 
Fell asleep in the back of the short bus , AGAIN ! 
Why are some people so difficult ? I'am not a intimidating person , so look me in the eye when I call your B.S. 
Should I change up my set-up ? 
Skated with the fams all day , rent-a-cops tried and cause trouble but it ended on a good foot 
Had a great weekend , hopefully I can keep this mood up all week long 
I hate public restrooms 
If you want your eyes to bleed blood , read The Great Gatsby , some say it's good , I say don't waste your time , sadly I have to waste mine 
HOTLANTA !!!, I need to get back to NY soon or I am going to die 
Great Gatsby + < PROPMALE > Notes = Passing Final Tommarow 
Wow ........ I checked my grades online and I passed my math class by with a 70.05 , I am buggin out right now , I am so happy right now 
Don't Smoke 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is dead ? What you talk'n bout < PROPMALE > ?!! 
Just got back from < PROPFIRST > County Highs graduation , good to see some famillar faces walk 
First < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , now < PROPFIRST > Hopper , one more celeberty has to die to compleate the conspriacy 
RAINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Skated a bit , but then the rain ......., I hate nature 
It's sounding slightly violent outside 
Just learned \I Hate MY Life\ " by Youth Brigade on guitar " 
Going skating , hopefully I won't destroy myself like yesterday 
I need to go to Hazard today , this rain is such a vibe killer ! 
I might never have to work a 9 to 5 if I play my cards right !! 
Got my report card , I am looking like a senior next year 
Steezy skate day 
Queef 
I am tired of people sreaming out my name when I skate ! Look people your breaking my focus and half the time I don't know who it is you retards . Save your breath for more important things ........... that is all . 
< PROPFEMALE > hyped right now , just joined the Lyftd skate team , first sponser and won't be my last check it out if you want some sick style in your wardrobe 
What !!? 95 degrees ? Time to start heading outside for hours on end 
Going to Hazard , other people should come too 
< PROPMALE > is the funniest movie i've seen in a long time 
Gonna call it a night , chillin with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Dunn tommarow before I leave 
Watching Kung Fu Killer , it is the corniest Kung Fu movie ever , once you see IP Man nothing can compare , thanks < PROPFIRST > Nichols 
I am in Queens University's of < PROPFEMALE>'s computer lab with my cuz , collage life is pretty steezy 
In New York , went to the beach today and skating with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > tommarow in Manhattan . Start of a good week !! 
Skating Midtown , L.E.S , and Harlem today !! Feels good to be back in my home town 
Prob gonna skate down Bronx Park East later and find that new skatepark , if it's anything like mulley imma destroy the makers 
Sooooo Hotttttt , fools in the building are about to cause a blackout , using up all the power to keep cool , so stupid ......... 
Worst day ever , wanted to chill with < PROPMALE > Langstaff and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > in Manhatten today and the 2 and 5 trains decided not to work , I tried to get on the bx9 bus and it starts storming , now I am home , wet , and pissed cause the sun came out and I used up all my money trying to back home . 
How come no one told me about Vietnamese sandwiches ? They are greatness !! 
Bord and baked retarted , it's soooooo hot out and my dad has no AC :/ , I think I should kill myself 
Gonna get my tricks down for the Lyftd skate team vid , Imma strive for the best part but it's gonna be neck and neck with that fool < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
Need to find some punk shows around here !!! Anyone of my New Yorkers know of any good clubs or venues ?! 
No beach today , me and my fams are going to Flushing Meadows park so I can skate Maloof then see my Grandma 
Maloof was a < PROPMALE > dissapointment 
It's so hot out .......... I don't even wanna skate today 
Bord , hot , fan's to my face , the trains are running slow , no one is blasting Reggeton or Hip Hop outside ........... matter fact ....... I can't see not a single person on the streets .......... New York City heat waves are like living on Mars 
There was a four hour blackout last night , It's was so hot inside the building that everyone went outside to cool off ....... and it was still 95 degrees outside even tho it was one in the morning ! 
Finally , the one day out of the week where I don't sweat just from sitting on the couch 
City Island today with my uncle , < PROPMALE > Deare ! 
There's a fire down the street !!!! 
Firefighters are flooding the block right now 
Gonna go skating once my dad get's back and meet with < PROPMALE > Langstaff and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > later in the afteroon 
Feeling good , my mind is Lyftd , gonna destroy the city today 
Last night was so chill , met some new people and I hope that we all keep in contact 
It's gonna suck when I leave New York 
Hospital Trip ! 
I am back in G.A. next week , I need to stay busy untill then 
Don't ever go in Orchad Beach's water , it's not even a natural beach like Joans 
Bout to put up pic's that I looked over for some odd reason ..... check them out when they're up 
Bout to get Lyftd at the wax museum today , then who knows what the world holds 
Autum Bowl was so sick 
Back in G.A. 
Slow day , skated all day in the heat with < PROPFIRST > Cobra and some other heads . Glad to see my krew . 
Now I realize how boring my life is in the south 
I really miss all my New York locals right now . It feels like I am headed for depression . 
Vans hook up 
Gonna go do something productive in life , like eat , read maybe , but skateboarding seems popular these days so imma try that out since < PROPMALE > declared the internet dead a while ago . \ 
\ 
R.I.P. Internet , you will not be missed 
Might start a weekly facebook vlog , who would actually waste their time and watch it every week ? 
Vimeo with Kadane < PROPMALE > 
Might skate with that fool < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > today 
Can I hop a ride with someone to open house ? I'll help pay for gas 
Who's going to open house today ? 
Found my lost summer pic's 
Just got done wacthing XGames pro street and I am so pumped , now it's gonna rain I have all this energy build up ........... why do things have to happen like this ? 
Starting a punk band , who has attitude and wants to get paid ? Need a vocalist and drummer , any takes ? 
Really in the need of a drummer and vocalist . If you have attitude and want to make money , msg or comment . 
Skate and Destroy ? Naw .... Gonna take it easy and Skate and Annoy today . 
Guess imma skate the weekend , getting a case of minor threat right now . 
This punk band thing is taking forever to get off the ground , does anyone at least know a half decent drummer or a vocalist who's voice is being held back by the downers ? If you fit this descripion than you need to call , txt , msg , or comment and get paid for voicing your opinion !! 
Murder City Devils , then much needed rest 
Got done steezen it with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Cobra today , felt pretty good . 
Got all my band members , now I need a name . Any sugestions on a name ? 
$754/mo for a two BR in the slums of the Bronx , who wants in ? 
My friends are the coolest and nothing less . 
Thrash and BBQ at Donnies , gonna get ready . 
Maloof O.C. !! 
It's always < PROPFEMALE > in Philiadelphia , the reason why I love stupidity , hobo's , and drunks . 
If I were to get on Vans flow team how many of you would drive me to contest ? 
Still need a band name , any ideas ? 
Miss my NYC loc's , I hate looking at my summer album and thinking about the fun we had this summer . 
Gonna cook up some brokefest and playing skateboards with some heads later 
Such a gloomy day ........... 
Officialy done skateboarding for awhile 
Get a grip 
I hate the human race 
Practiced and feeling better 
Hazard County ? 
Life sucks in the south without a car ......... 
Yoooo , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a stright killa , good skating fool !!! 
I maked plans yesterday for today , I fell asleep for an hour and everything went out the window . 
Sounds really nice outside 
After the WWIII battle we had tonight , I think it's time to get some rest and hope the weekend is still open . 
Yooooo , I got 14 hours of sleep today 
Filming later , gonna destroy everything !!! 
Great day that ended on a bad note 
Yes , done with another eight hours and no pay 
Bad morning , but a good day 
One of my close friends just got locked up .......... 
Skateboarding ! 
Editing throwaways .......... if that makes since ...... 
Editing is done ...... 
Bangin headache right now ....... gonna rest before I deal with those tards at school tommarow 
This week = College week 
Supa long day today 
is climbing through yo ' windows , snatchin yo ' people up 
Hipster day tommarow , prepare yo'self to look like a complete idiot tommarow !! 
Prolly gonna go get some sleep or whatever it is kids are doing now these days . 
Gonna go skate , I feel like this is gonna be a great skateday even tho it's taking < PROPFIRST > Cobra 3 hours to get here !! 
Remember how I was in the 8th grade .......... that agression is comming back and is gonna be used for good instead of bad this time 
Flo-ri-da bound , next stop TAMPAAA ! 
......... Change of plans ......... going to Florida next week so we can stay longer ........ 
\Can't It Be All So Simple \"" 
Feeling fearless 
Possable Labor Day Sesh at Hazard 
I truly do not feel like going to school tommarow ........ 
Feel like playing in the street with my eyes close 
Can't appeal to everyone and it's not like I'm trying 
Feeling out of step 
Officially Tampa bound 
Please make time dedicated to those who lost their lives nine years ago 
ORLANDOOOOOO 
Chillaxing in < PROPMALE > till Monday , prolly gonna do the tourist thing if the sun doesn't destroy me 
Nowhere near \almost famous \"" 
Truth is ........ none of you should care what I think of you 
Last day in Florida , this has been a chill week . 
Stop complaining , if you want change use affirmative action . 
Long week , not looking forward to seeing most of you guys tommarow 
Sleep rhymes with eat and imma bout to do both , see most of you fools tommarow . 
That \Punk Rock Girl \"" 
Just chill and vibe with me 
It's sad that all people remember about the 90's were shows that came on T.V. , come on people .... 
I wanna get inked but don't wanna conform ......... 
You should never argue with a crazy man 
Don't want to live my life like everybody else 
Doin big things 
So distracted 
Zombie Walk tommarow , who's goin ? 
Gonna step up at everything i'm good at and everything i'm not 
Does Locust Grove really want to get Lyftd ? 
Loud , immature , and obnoxious ? That just sounds like me . 
Project then some sweet music making 
Pay the cost to be the boss 
Gonna go free my mind by destroying something 
\Why do people fear things they don't understand \"" 
is too black for BET 
Fools down here just kill me . 
Death to everything and everyone ignorant 
Skated an abandon hotel today , had fun untill some fools pissed me off , but I am not gonna let it down me . 
Too all my locals and sceners 
Now that I wasted my time in this blackhole called Facebook , I'm going to do something more productive . 
Please tell me that this is some sick joke 
No words can express how I feel 
It breaks my heart that I lost a great friend , but it breaks my heart even more when people that didn't know him act like they did . All of you that knew him as well as I did or even better than me would understand truly what was lost . In the past we may not have realize it , when you understand the full importance of things it's too late . Shemaiyah , you will remain alive in the hearts that truly loved you . R.I.P 
Bangin headache and past memories are putting me in a depression . Gonna sleep it off and hopefully feel better in the morning . Everyday I feel alittle bit better , but it's still not setting in the fact that you are no longer on this earth Shemaiyah . You will always be in my mind mann . 
Long weekend 
Need to change things up 
Give me your stem cells 
After getting punched in the face by my counselor , I turned in my applications for CUNY and signed up for the SAT 
Came back from my friend's memorial only to find out that my cousin lost one of his friend's as well . 
There is no excuse for not chasing your dream , set a goal and make it happen . 
\Our youth is getting dumber \"" 
Great service today . 
School < Skatepark 
Never make things hard on yourself just because everyone else does , if I seem easy going thats because I know there is a solution to every problem . 
\Baby ........ this board is built for two .... \"" 
Yooooo , Superman 1 , 2 , & 3 are on !! My mind is blown . 
Need a getaway driver , who's down ? 
Alot of nothing is going down today . 
Knock Knock , who's there ?, it's me ....... 
California proposition 19 <3 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , can't wait till I get back to NY and see you guys 
I'll show you a good time 
You guys creep me out 
Rainbows and Unicorns <3 
Feed me your tears , I'm parched 
Just wanna push my wood 
Is you Trollin ? 
I see the future in my rear view mirror 
Gonna skate and/or destroy 
Time to lay things out 
You can either be with me or be with me , the choice is yours ...... 
It's 1:00 am , do you know where your children are at ? 
Life pushes you around ? Stop complaining and push back harder . 
Filming today 
Looking for a change up ....... 
Nothing better than performing open heart surgery with a < PROPMALE > screwdriver 
Sitting down doing nothing all day maybe relaxing for some , but I can do that when i'm old and grey . 
If I do another mock S.A.T my eyeballs will frost over ......... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is too awesome for words . 
Steezed and destroyed 
Once apon a time , there was a young man by the name of < PROPFIRST > Coley who so bord he had to tell an even more boring story . THE END . 
Halloween night ..... time to take a trip to the < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Cleared my mind , never felt better 
Tried to go to Amsterdam but the dude said Guantanamo 
No school , endless opportunities 
\Beat your kids \"" 
Who has a Tumblr ? 
Putting plans in action 
Stop looking for plastic , start looking for flesh . 
Shut up with your problems 
Soon the whole english language will be nothing but acronym's 
Locust Grove reminds me of a place i've never heard of . 
What are friends ? 
All of you are mad weird . 
Got 99 problems and my board ain't one 
I'm just another number 
Boardwalk Empire , best show on HBO besides How to Make It In < PROPFEMALE > 
Had a dream I was famous , then I woke up . 
\Most of you can't see me as high as I be \"" 
What ever happend to dignity ? 
Shout out to all you stick up kids . 
Mad grimy sonn 
Take a step forward if you wanna make moves . 
The dirty south is rather clean 
Who want's to live a reckless lifestyle ? 
Reached my limit of tolerance for the year . 
Lyftd Presents : Go Green or Go Home , ATL , Tommarow , 8:00 , need I say more ? 
Lyftd Presents : Go Green or Go Home , come show support Atlanta 
I've seen the world through your eyes , it makes me sick 
The crowd knows what's best 
Get stupid 
Don't fall when things get heavy . 
Hated and misunderstoond , the story of our lives . 
\Bite your lip and take a trip \"" 
Serving my community tommarow . 
Just got done setting up thanksgiving for the homeless 
Skating , might actually be a steezy day . 
Great skateday untill my bearings exploded , you gotta love life sometimes . 
Just went on Myspace to delete my account and now the have a \Myspace/Facebook Mashup \"?" 
Am I gonna have to be the one who kills the jerking movement ? 
Set sail for nowhere 
Lets all stand for the wrong causes . 
Shooting veins and taking names 
< PROPFEMALE > Thanksmas fools 
Steady Mobbin ' 
Follow in my steps and you'll surly be dissapointed 
I got some < PROPFEMALE > in this black < PROPFIRST > . Want some ? 
Self Made 
\No need to be safe in a violante world \"" 
If something looks intimidating , it probably isn't . 
I got's no life , just another low life 
Just kick back and stay chill 
If all my friends turn into Pokemon I am going to destroy myself . 
I still don't understand how changing your profile pic to childhood cartoons is going to help child abuse . Whatever happened to giving donations , community service , or doing the big brother program ? 
People are so stupid . I need a new group of friends . 
I'm a teenager , so I must be misunderstood . The smartest thing i've heard all day . 
I'm like bad milk , drink it 
I only dislike a majority of you 
I'm good , I'm gone 
Contest today and I can't go ........ 
Just when you think facebook couldn't get any nosier it proves you wrong . 
Mad stressed , but i got a plan for tommorow 
Where the snow at ? All I see is < PROPFEMALE > flakes . 
Things are looking up . 
I'm gonna be living on my own in 5 months , I would only like to think that my mom would let me start making my own decisions . 
Most of you need to see that bigger picture 
I have my own opinons on things and how I view life may not always be correct , I am sorry for anything I will or have ever said to my Mom . She won't be around forever and my time is not written in stone ither . Parents won't understand you 100% but let them know that you still love them . 
Just a kid name Coley 
I want to destroy ! 
This break isn't starting off well 
Pan's Labyrinth is trippy 
I destroyed myself 
Hold your own 
Red < PROPFEMALE > later tonight 
It's not possible for this day to get anymore boring . 
Swag 
Ducking sick on a baily dasis 
I hope everyone has an average christmas tommarow , and don't drink the egg-nogg 
Love each and everyone of you . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
Protect what's yours and destroy everything else 
A New Year is comming up , time to drop old habits 
Am I the weird one or are all of you just the same ? 
Nothin's gonna stop me 
I've heard it a thousand times , but not anotherday of this B.S. 
Setting trends baby ....... just trend setting 
\A hero ain't nothin but a sandwich \"" 
We all get a little homesick . 
Please watch American Idol tonight and support my friend < PROPFIRST > throughout his journey . 
Travissssss !!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > you guys make me pround to be from The Bronx . Straight gave me chills dude !! 
I don't think I've ever felt this great . 
I really need a change up in my life . 
Another great day with nothing to do . 
Odd Future is the answer to all your troubles . 
I do alot of dumb stuff for no reason .... 
I'm thinking about being an actor on that Nat Geo show \Lockdown \"" 
Adventure Time ! 
Everything is cruel . So excuse me if I'm cruel . 
I wish I found someone worth my time . 
I hope all you feel really stupid , you should have known who was gonna win . 
If it snows tommorow , there will be hell to pay . 
Humans are animals too 
Unicorns <3 
B.S. is for Bad Seeds 
Makeshift Murder , find it at your nearest liquor store . 
Completely opened up my hand skateboarding today . 
I won most friendliest senior , don't ask me how that happened . 
I've been warned about people like you . 
I have such a odd group of friends 
Slow it D O W N 
How based the human heart must be ; a mirrored pool of swag 
I just wanna be the dopest kid on the block . 
Golf W ? ng 
High off life ...... and the massive amounts of coke injected into my eyes #Winning 
This place isn't for me . 
Going to step up skating and school work . It's possable to do both . 
Intended on change , but yet , no progress has been made . 
No matter how chill I try to be , it's those little things that make me rage . 
\I'd rather have a life of \ " oh well's\ " than a life of \ " what if's . \"" 
One of these days i'll start acting like an adult , just not today . 
These question things are flooding my feed . Back to Myspace I go ...... 
There's a poisonous snake on the loose from the Bronx Zoo ......... Oh Joy !! 
Skateboarding is always fun <3 
I might be going to prom . When , where , and how much is it ? 
It's Friday , Friday , Gotta get down on Friday ! 
Put yourself first . 
