Two things , < PROPFEMALE > and The Frog was on of the most racist disney movies I've ever seen , worse even than dumbo ; and I got a job , at Fry's Electronics ! I start on Monday ! 

im geeked up from the feet up so sick make u wanna throw ur food up get ur cuda up to par i spit crack and this shhh slaps uhhhhhh dont stay logged in at work ur lucky ur my boy or it pwould of been real bad for the cause 
i just taught my self how to calculate square roots by hand ! I'm Sooooo bored at work ... 
hate's his co-workers 
AWW FARKLE !!! ( Olde Tyme Language ) 
Winning the nobel peace prize ... I knew I voted for the right guy ... 
I'M THE < PROPMALE > OF JELLY BEANS !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Harkins Just bought the Imax at Arizona Mills Mall . With a * 4 * Hour heads up , I'm now suddenly without a job . I hate harkins ! 
Going to blanket tempe with applications , not going to let this set back ruin my X-mas ... 
Online applications are sooo TEDIOUS ... 
Anybody want to pay me to be their best friend ? Will Travel ... 
I don't know , but let's find out ... 
don't want ' ya ' cause your feets to big ! mad at ch'a ' cause your feets too big ! i hate ' ya ' cause your feets too big ! 
Hates it when people do asinine things like leave notes in the cupbord for their room mates and then get bitchy when it's thrown back in their face . < PROPFIRST > Bates 
hopes today will be calmer . 
just recieved the worlds worst fake credit card , and my manager still had me accept it ! best of all , this was the second fake card we recieved from this person , in a row ... 
Then bag it up , you got a key , homie that's the recipe . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments . P.S. I'm not making this up ... go ahead and check .. kind of ironic ... 
so how much water is too much in a laptop ? 
Like Jesus , my computer arose from the dead ... 
A friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week or that your family is not perfect . They love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend . 
my physics teacher just referenced magic ... oy . 
just say avatar ... not really worth being fired over ... ' twas just good , not AMAZING ... 
today my physics teacher announced we'll be delving into \wiggly\ " motion ... sigh ... " 
I cannot fail my physics teachers test ! I've now tried twice ... guess he'll throw out a B exam ... 
More options in life don't always make things easier ... 
it's hard to fly like an eagle when you're surrounded by turkeys ... 
bubbles , bubbles everywhere and not a drop to drink ... 
Kix is a highly underated cereal . 
missed my exit ... guess I'm going to tucson ... 
3DS = Virtual Boy 2011 ... 
Ever try to slap-chop a cat ? 
still coughing up drywall dust ... 
is DUNGEON MASTER to a fluffy < PROPFEMALE > ... anybody want a < PROPFEMALE > ? Soft ... Loving ... < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Free cat get ! Get your free cat ! Any takers ? 
my phone died , have to get a new one ... I can't decide which one though ... 
Got the incredible ! 
I think my physics teacher is a witch ... Going to have to build a bridge out of him to prove it though ... 
Compare your life to mine , then kill yourself ! I'm AWESOME ! 
I just fixed my PS3 for $60 , instead of $150 ! I am my own hero ! 
Everyperson\ 
has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one ; to get better . Iknow \ 
97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will bethe 3% \ 
that do , in honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer . 
Missed opportunities , and wasted chances ... 
I'm suddenly realizing my job is a black hole . \ 
No one escapes it , school doesn't help , money doesn't help . \ 
I need to leave before I pass the event horizon . 
I feel like a prisoner in a goulag prison camp . 
< PROPFIRST > plumbing services ... 
Once again ... I'm the plumber tonight . 
Why is life full of hard and terrible decisions ? 
My plans for grand adventure have died . My father is selling his sailboat . 
Being the master of all things adventure , I've formulated new plans for adventure ! \ 
Adventure on my friends ... 
$834 tax return ? Adventure here I come ! 
4 hrs of sleep a night and 1-2 square meals a day . What is going on with me ? 
Can't sleep ... 
I ain't got punch lines , I got kick lines ... 
I can't be your man , it's not you , it's me ... 
Getting hyphie ! 
Turning my phone off , eliminating the trivial stuff . 
I'm going to make a concerted effort to make myself happy . 
You were in my dreams again ... not sure what it means , why can't I just forget you ? 
Never been so objectified .... 
So I cam so I can ! 
Sick ... Ruined today's schemes ... 
