I ran 2 < PROPMALE > today ... 

Mom's in the hospital 
Is working out to get in shape before school get in ... 
I'm tired ... and bored ... 
\Hmm ? \"" 
Just turned in a job application 
Thanks guys 
I want food ... 
It's gonna be a looong week ... 
Mmmmm ... I just ate a peach that was almost impossibly fresh ... it was blissful ... 
They come home soon ... 
They come home soon ... a day and a half 
They be home again 
Had senior pictures yesterday 
School starts tomorrow ... weeeeee ... 
Need my ps2 memory card back ... 3 hours into FFXII and I haven't saved ... 
That thunder made me nervous ... haven't saved yet ... now i'm like , 10 hours into it ... 
I searched the entire house for a memory card , nothing ... 36 hours has this ps2 been on ... it needs a break ... or it will break ... ( but when it's standing upright it doesn't get as hot , which is wonderful ) 
Has saved and at long last , turned off the PS2 ... Huzzah ! 
Woah ... I actually don't have to do anything this weekend ... AMAZING ! 
Dude , I get to jam tomorrow ... 
MY TILL WAS EXACT !! 
* Shaking head * 
Dude ... actually have songs in the making now ... not just concepts ... 
ugh ... ate more than I probably should have ... 
Wow ... 4 months already ... Those were some really fast months ... 
Has discovered the amazingness of Skype ! 
Yay ... The weekend is finally here ... and I don't have any homework ! 
Fun times ... I've got tons of work to do ... 
Good game today 
Weeee ... wake up early tomorrow 
Sitting in O'hare waiting for my plane to come ... and taking advantage of 20 minutes of complimentary wifi for just watching a little video ! =D 
pretty much had the most taxing and greulling day ever ... not at all fun ... bad in so many ways ... glad I even made it home alive 
Don'cha just love filling out college applications and getting ready for the SAT's ? It's SO much fun ... 9_9 
Counting down until I can see her again ... 
I'm having a totally amazing weekend ! :-D 
After such an amazing weekend , sadly , she had to go back to college ... It was the hardest goodbye I've ever experienced ... 
I'm so happy with her ... it's just amazing ! 
I'm loving life right now ... so excited about so much ... 
Downshifted ... great ... 
Long day ... lots of bad ... some good 
HEY , THAT'S MY BIKE !! 
RAWR !!! 
Bad sounding snare + Drum key = Godly drum 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Beautiful . 16 : Cute . 17 : Generous . 18 : Smart 
When you walked away , it made me realize the extreme lack of people who ever really cared ... 
PLAYING FINAL FANTASY XIII ... IT'S AMAZING !!!!! 
when everything seems to go so well , why does it take just the smallest thing to tear it all down ? 
Just finished an Evidence of Learning in less than 5 minutes ... It's gonna be a good day ... busy ... but good ! 
took my paintball gun completely apart and gave it a good cleaning ... tested it and the remote line to see if they still worked ... made sure both my camo and mask still fits me ... all that's left to do is bleed out the tank and weight it because I forgot the weight ... after that , I just need money and I'm ready to go paintballing again ... 
Well , I just finished all 94 pages of my portfolio today ... yeah ... glad that's over ... now I can get ready for Senior Boards ! 
It's official : I have a passing portfolio 
Dude ... I had an amazing day ! 
Weeeee ... finally took my SAT's today ... a bit late in the game but whatever ... 
Got my cap & gown today ... 39 days 
R . I . P : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio ... The world of metal will miss you dearly 
don't you just hate it when you're playing a megadeth song and your e string randomly breaks ?... yeah , i hate it too ... oh well ... at least it wasn't my G string ... 
Dude ... tomorrow ... I'll be an alumnus of Puyallup High School ... that's intense ! 
So like ... I'm now an alumnus of Puyallup High School ... and I am graduating with honors ... Yeah ... life finally decided to like me I guess ... 
Today was an amazing day ... simply put 
It's been a long day ... glad it's over 
dreams are amazing ... ' nough said 
Watched the new-ish iron man today ... epic as hell ... 
Talking , running , stretching , breathing , drinking , eating , sleeping , reading , driving , listening , counting , playing , drumming ... man ... I've been living a day of verbs today . 
... 
I'm looking for someone who can sing with their soul ( while singing in tune ) ... If you have such a voice , please contact me . I need you . 
\HE FAKES A BLUFF !! \"" 
Life insurance agents make me want to punch babies ... Especially when they make the dogs bark and wake me up ! 
is going far away and will not be back for quite some time 
Thanks everyone 
Dude ... I'm totally turning in an application for the Hard Rock Cafe tomorrow ! 
hi 
I fixed my < PROPMALE > !! Oh my god ... She sounds better than she did before she broke ! I'm so happy right now , I could shred that thing all night long ... 
Worked on a song today with < PROPFIRST > , it's coming along very smoothly . We're adding music theory to our songwriting ... finally ... 
Now I know what being plagiarized feels like ... someone stole the tab that I went to great lengths to write . They just took it , added one track , and reposted it in spanish calling it their own ... bastards ... 
Megadeth , Slayer , and Testament ... American Carnage Tour . September 3rd @ WAMU theater . Anybody interested ? 
Playing guitar and reading ... couldn't think of a more relaxing way to multitask ... 
is eagerly awaiting the moment the pressure cooker beeps and his chili is done . 
just found out that once you start singing songs as you play them on guitar , trying to play it without vocals again is really hard . 
American Carnage Tour tomorrow . It's gonna be like , 3 times more metal than Summer Slaughter and Paganfest combined ! 
\\m/ ] V [ E G A D E T ]-[ \\m/ 
Dude ... the concert last night was AMAZING !! 
YAY !! 
Hair 
woot for RHS making finals TOTALLY unexpectedly !!! Good job BOMBERS !!!!!!! and a little shout out to CHENEY who i now love given my new home location . great job to all . \ 
< PROPFIRST > says \WOOT !!! \"" 
finds the air on the back of his neck to be refreshing . 
finally ... decent wireless ! 
had a good weekend ! 
A death metal band ? That's extracurricularriffic ! 
Turned in some more applications in the city today . Things are finally looking up . Some guy wants me to be in his metal band , but that's not a very high priority yet ... I cant wait until < PROPFIRST > Scheideggergets home tomorrow ... I miss her . 
Weeeee 
That's some sexy chicken ! 
< PROPMALE > Potter + Imax + Tonight = WIN 
< PROPMALE > Potter was amazing ! 
A winter storm has blown in from wherever ... went to warm up the car and found about 4 inches of fresh powder ... tomorrow's supposed to have a high of 8 and a low of -11 ... That'll be fun ! 9_9 
There's a foot of fresh snow on the ground , and it's still coming down . Today's forcast is a pleasurable 9 * and a balmy low of -11 * . Tomorrow will be great with a whopping high of 10 * and a low of -2 * . More snow to come . 
I eat , therefore I am . 
! 
Why is \hello\ " such a good word when 4/5ths of it is considered bad ? " 
Yay ! 
Is back in Edgewood visiting family and friends . 
Do the companies that publish college textbooks really have a hard enough time making money that they are forced to scam people by making binder books ? Once that seran wrap-thin layer is breached , it can no longer be sold back to anyone and therefore can only be purchased new . 
is finding his business classes surprisingly interesting ! 
Took my first tests in my business classes ... I'm at 100% ! 
Yay Forex ... 
Banana Bread ... oh hell yes ! 
During his break from homework , < PROPMALE > managed to install < PROPFEMALE > Wars Empire at War : Forces of Corruption on his 64 bit Windows 7 through use of a windows xp virtual machine . Thus , he circumvented the problem in which the system doesn't render the any of the startup menu . After the installation , the game worked flawlessly . Now , it is time to change laundry and finish the last 2 paragraphs of his business homework . 
Why must shoes wear out ? 
It was a nice day this morning , and so I walked over to the college in my t-shirt and vest as usual . A little nippy , but not bad . I would never have guessed that after the trip back would be me walking through a literal blizzard in a t-shirt and vest . 
So , apparently < PROPFIRST > was right to tell me that the weather only gets worse . I woke up to find out that today is my first college snow day due to ' hazardous weather conditions . ' What's more is Eastern is also closed . O_O ( this is crazy stuff ) 
Don't you just hate it when you look at the classes you want to take next quarter , and see that one of the classes has only 8 seats left and you have 3 hours to go until you can sign up for it ? 
is gonna be jammin ' like a salmon tomorrow ! HELL YEAH ! 
I'd kill for an ice cold bottle of Leninade right about now ... the < PROPFIRST > Meyers here doesn't < PROPFEMALE > it , pity . 
\Carry on my wayward son 
OMG ... KIM IS TAKING ME TO MAYHEM FEST FOR MY BIRTHDAY !!! 
Layovers , yay ! 
Homemade bacon cheeseburgers for lunch ... hell yeah ! 
Screw just a bacon cheeseburger , we had California burgers of amazing ! It was delicious ! 
Is exploring the facebook Zune HD app ! 
I love chicken ... so delicious 
I love food ... it's amazing and also life-sustaining ! 
I don't know how long they've been on the market ... but I just tried the Gillette Fusion ProGlide razors ... and they are BOMB !! 
Laundry today ... woohoo ! 
I've never been this excited to be going back to school before ... 
First college party tomorrow ... lord of the rings marathon ... oh hell yes . 
