< PROPFIRST > 1:17 Every good and perfect gift is from above , coming down from the Father ... is a reminder that promotions and blessings come straight from our God , who is good . Life is a trail of trials to build our faith , and when we pass those tests , He and H 

| my birthday wish ... to spend my days praising God for THIS life . To < PROPFEMALE > my cross and STILL be able to share His word and His truth - that is true grace . In Jesus ' Name I praise you Lord God . I hear your commands . And though I am weak , may I become worthy in your sight to fulfill them . This year < PROPMALE > me strength , continually fill me with Your Holy Spirit , and in your mercy hear my prayers . To YOU alone be the glory . Amen . 
Peace out 2010 ... Make way for 2011 . Prayers for all of you for a blessed , and prosperous year ahead . It's gonna be goooood ! Be safe tonight , y'all . :) 
| Thai Tea Boba is a good thing , especially when Vegas heat is slowly emerging ... Winter is FINALLY over !!! :) 
| Not a bad day at all :) 
| HAVE an AMAZING and BLESSED week everyone ! :) 
=) 
| Is it graduation week ? Whoever's graduating , CONGRATULATIONS . Promotions , a new job , a new house , a new friend . Life-changing moments like these come from the LORD God alone , and He alone is worth acknowledging and praising . =) 
| You win some , you lose some ... Just gotta count your blessings and keep goin ' . God , < PROPMALE > me strength ! :) 
| < PROPFEMALE > White on SNL ... This will be good . 
| Happy Mother's Day to every mom out there . God bless and guide your way . To MY Mom , the best of ' em all , I love you and thank you for all you do . 
| Follow one's heart ? Decisions , decisions , hmmm . God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept that which is out of my hands ... Let Your will , not mine be done . 
MICHIGAN . 
| I go to work at 10:00 am today . It's going to be a CRAZY Friday afternoon , but it's so nice to sleeeeeep in for once and just chill in the morning !!! Have an AmAzing Day , everyone ! :) TGIF 
| So my friend text me today that I'm going to be a groomsman at his wedding ... Awesome ! 
| < PROPFEMALE > on A . Idol .... COOL 
is on our way to San Diego ... My first time coming from Vegas . The drive seems longer ! ( as opp to going home to LA ) 
|My last night in SDiego . It was nice to catch up with my family here but I am sure lookin forward to returning home to Vegas ... back to the usual ! Good night ! 
is FINALLY back in Las Vegas . We all know how much I love being in California , but I also very much like being in my own place of comfort , sleeping in my own bed , and eating out of my own fridge . Back to reality ! ( but not before a FUN ge t-t ogether with my favorite Vegas peeps Memorial Day afternoon ! ) :) 
They're installing HiDef Flats , DVD and Dish Network in our breakroom ..... One more reason to love my job ! LoL :) 
had fun at the Lorenzi Park Las Vegas Filipino Festival today with < PROPFIRST > and little Kyla ... It was sooo HOT though ! 107 degrees . Got to spend some quality time with my cousin later in the day too :) 
| \Rebel Without a Cause\ " playing on AMC ... Classic . " 
is bustin ' out the VHS tapes and watching old videos of my Alemany graduation , LMU PCNs , etc ... OH , this should be interesting ! LoL 
went to Target today to get ONE thing , then I end up with a SECOND thing . ( If I would have stayed another minute , there'd be a THIRD thing ) ... Happens every time . 
| Busy weekend ahead starting tomorrow Friday night with Workers ' Appreciation Dinner @ Church , then on Saturday work , then an appointment , PoPoovich's Baby Shower ; and finally church on Sunday .... Just love the full calendar ! :) 
| My car's thermometer reads 112 degrees outside . HOT . 
| TWO < PROPMALE > impersonators came to the bank .... It's Vegas . LoL 
HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY !!! God bless our country . Attention SW Las Vegas , pick up your 4th of July FIREWORKS ! Please support my church ; they're selling the goods on S . RAINBOW / WINDMILL @ the SINCLAIR Gas Station . Booth is open til Midnight . See YOU there ! 
is OFFICIALLY a Las Vegas Southwest-erner as of today . :) Praise God for His blessing and grace . 
| It's sooo HOT in Vegas ! AC 24 7 and I want some halo-halo , lol . 
| 100.6 degrees outside according to weatherbug.com, and it's 10:45 pm ... I wonder if I can just jump into a pool of ice and stay there . 
| iPhone4 users ... Is this antenna/dropped-call issue a big deal ? 
is FINALLY done moving as of tomorrow . :) You'd be amazed how much stuff can fit into an Acura TSX , LoL . Got it done in 2 weeks . 
Finally on vacation ( for 1 week ) , finally finished moving , and finally I have my iPhone ... woohoo ! 
| Back to work tomorrow ... To be honest , being on vacation ( for a whole week ) is more tiring ( than being in a regular routine ) , so I'm actually looking forward to it , harhar ! :) 
| Looking back on good times is nice , but living in the present and looking forward to the future is so much more worth one's time . LIVE and learn . 
| I am blessed knowing that even in the \bad days\ " there are good people with me on a daily basis that are going thru the same that I am and who are supportive of each other . ;) WSR (; " 
iheartradio ..... my favorite iPhone app of them all . 
My friend and sister in Christ < PROPFEMALE > JOY DAYA is graduating in NURSING from the University of < PROPFEMALE > Las Vegas . Love ya < PROPFEMALE > ! CONGRATS !!! 
You ( I ) have to make the most of what God gives you(me ) today , and it's up to only YOU ( me ) to seek happiness in every possible way no matter the circumstance . \Perserverance must finish its work .... \ " Have a great day everybody !!! " 
Thank you to all those who greeted me on my birthday ! Truly you are a blessing in a profound way ! 
Today was a better day than yesterday . Got to meet the bigwig execs and our team showed them our best . Positive attitude is basic key to success , the next is a think outside the box M.O. , a go get'em persistance and a level of consistency ! 
Charice Pempengko on Glee . Freakin cool . LoL I don't even watch this show but happened to flip channels to it ( parden the pun ) . 
at Caesar's Palace celebratin my friend's last weekend as a bachelor ... Wish him all the best ! 
So I hear it's actually HOTTER in L.A. than in Vegas . 
Gettin ready for my fun weekend !!! Partyin with the best friend and the fam Friday for a Vegas birthday bash , < PROPMALE > & Edessa's Wedding in L.A. on Saturday , then some family time with my Ate ( big sis ) in the Valley on Sunday after I spend time in worship at Shepherd of Hills . Felt nostalgic and burnt a CD ( yes I still burn CDs ! ) Check out my playlist .... oldies but goodies . 
I've been waiting to say this all month : WAKE UP everybody ! September ended . lol 
Today : Church , then Sunday afternoon movie fun with the Wells Fargo coworkers ! 
This is I LOVE MYSISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped yourtears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered youon and kept you strong ( or something along these lines ) copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend ... forever ! ... Re-post ... if ... you have an amazing sister ! ( yes , I have 2 of them ! ) 
TGIF 
Have a happy , productive week everybody . G'night . 
is looking forward to Halloween Costume Day at our office this FRIDAY ( Spent all day today making mine ! ) ... Come check out our awesome costumes ! ( Visit Wells Fargo Bank on Warm Springs / Rainbow - Las Vegas ) 
I'm going to the doctor , dentist , and optometrist all in one day ( my day off tomorrow ) ... I just love ( and I'm thankful ) to be employed and insured . :) 
Kik : steviegissuper 
I'm missing Dancing w the Stars , so I'm going downstairs and making some halo-halo and yeah ... sit there and watch . 
I'm thankful for His grace and mercy , for blessing me with this life , for giving me the strength daily to perservere through the hard times , and even for those moments to celebrate the good times . I'm thankful for YOU , because my life somehow was blessed through our knowing each other ! HAPPY THANKSGIVING ! Time to eat ! Bye for Now . 
CDs are burned ( for the drive ) , books are ready ( for my Starbucks sessions ) . All that's left to do is pack and get through 2 more days at the office , then it's 5 days away from Las Vegas to my beloved SF Valley for my last vacation of 2010 ! ( until MARCH of next year ! ) 
( 702 ) 868 4463 Save it . Call it . Share it . Thanks ! Finishing off 2010 HUGE . Ready for 2011 ! :) Current Mood : Determined and Focused . Let's do this !!! 
Sleepy / Lazy Sunday Morning ... Thanks to the cold weather ! 
ochocientos veintitrés 
It's 6:00 am . Happy Sunday . I'm really hungry this morning and I am craving to eat strawberry frosted pop-tarts , some hot chocolate and a glass of orange juice . PS please read my previous post , lol . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS everybody ! 
Just woke up from the most interesting dream . I very much knew that I was dreaming , but I so much wished it was real too . Back to sleep , BYE ! 
It was one of THE most hellish work-weeks in months . Got through it , thank God , and now on to 3 days of pure rest and relaxation . I'm still hoping that dreams come true . 
8:23 
Two things I heard from my friends about relationships ( see below ) are really making me think ! 
Just finished out a better work-week than last . Praise You God for Your strength and protection ! Prayer does pay off ! Now at the 5:00 pm service at SOTHC via www.callonjesus.com / www.theshepherd.org . Check it out ! ( Also 6:30 pm , and Sundays 8:30 , 10:00 , 11:30 , 6:30 ) 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One Facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall . The Bible says , if you deny Me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father . ( < PROPFIRST > 10:33 ) This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this ! 
Just saw the commercial for the iPhone4 for Verizon !!! I can't wait to get one for my Mom ! 
You get out of your life the same that you are willing to offer it . I may not always have the best day , but I'm sure gonna be at my very best . Can't stop , won't stop . Father , God , thank You . Keep me strong ! :) 
I have learned to be content whatever the circumstances . I know what it is to be in need , and I know what it is to have plenty . I have learned the secret of being content in any and every situation , whether well fed or hungry , whether living in plenty or in want . I can do all this through Him who gives me strength . Philippians 4:11 -13 
I get to sleep in an hour tomorrow morning , so I'm gna get started . Good night ! 
Stonefire Grill for dinner tomorrow :) Valley , see you soon ! 
Just thinking about a conversation I was having today : Honest intentions meet poweful results . One's character , words , and actions are of equal measure . | A tree is known by its fruit ... A good man brings good things out of the good stored up in his heart , and an evil man brings evil things out of the evil stored up in his heart . For the mouth speaks what the heart is full of . < PROPMALE > 6:44 -45 
I have the sweetest aunt ! ( Auntie < PROPFEMALE > ) . She attended an < PROPFIRST > Clapton concert last night and today SMSed me audiobit recordings to my iPhone so I can hear it . Thanks ! :) 
Happy Sunday ! :) 
G-Funk , where rhythm is life , and life is rhythm . 
Congratulations to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > on their engagement ! :) 
If anyone from the Valley is driving to Vegas right now , could you bring me a large pan crust pepperoni'n'sausage from Numero Uno ? I'm really cravin ' right now , lol ! 
10 hour day tomorrow ... So , Good Night ! 
God is so good , all the time ! Just got the word today that my promotion is finally official !!! :) Thanks to my family , friends and co-workers for your continued prayers and support ! I am a Personal Banker at Wells Fargo . Contact me for any financial needs you may have ... ( 702)868-4463 Office | ( 818)674-9888 Cell 
