is gettin ' all gussied up and going out with < PROPFEMALE > . Look out ! 

just watched Role Models and it was frickin ' hilarious . 
is eating fresh picked strawberries ... life is good . 
is ugh .... getting dragged out tonight . Must prepare to be hit on by old drunk guys . gag 
can't stop sneezing ! 
is going to listen to the band jam and then going to the fair with my girls ! 
ugh stuffy nose . 
prowling for jobs again . ugh 
Has a second interview on Wednesday ! A whole week from now ! 
is awake too early ! 
is making soup . NO SOUP FOR YOU ! 
is doing employment testing .... bleh . 
is sad we have to put < PROPMALE > down . I love my dog . ugh 
is so thankful for a weekend off . 
mer 
is enjoying a wonderful day . 
is chillin and wishing for the weekend . 
is enjoying the beautiful day . 
can't sleep ugh . 
Long day , lots of sun . yawn . 
ugh just 9 days until I am the big 3-0 . totally depressed . 
is wishing she were home , but looking forward to the weekend . 
is the mayor of Dramaville . 
is so tired . 
Wow thanks for all the Birthday wishes ! 
is a pool lobster . 
is what an adventure last night . 
can't wait until Tuesday ! 
is ready for tomorrow ! 
Just another day , just another day . 
planning to paint with the WallDogs again today ! So much fun . 
house cleaning . ugh 
Isn't it just lovely how you can erase all your mistakes by buying off those you hurt . 
is ready for Fall weather and missing her hoody . Can we just have Fall all year please ?!!! 
Kids having a lemonade stand ... finally they are doing something constructive . lol 
Still recovering from taking the kids to the park yesterday ... that's the last time I invite the neighborhood . lol 
is waiting ... uh bored . 
Crap , my turntable belt broke . Radio Shack doesn't even < PROPFEMALE > replacement parts for their own product . ugh ... so long Beatles albums . How will I ever survive . :( lol 
Had a great weekend , ready for another ! 
ugh ... more online training for work . merrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ! 
ugh bored ... need something to do today . 
is remembering this being a very eerie day not so many years ago . 
so excited about the shiny ring on my finger ! 
TGIF 
looks like someone's got a case of the Mundays . 
I love a rainy day ! 
So glad that the harvest season is finally here ! HAPPY FALL !!! 
Ahhh ... Friday . 
Only 30 more minutes and I can escape to weekend bliss ! 
Gonna sleep like a baby tonight . I love rainy nights . 
Just wants to run and play today . ugh work . 
Making a christmas tree out of a Reader's Digest . Always wanted to try it . I am the epitome of bored . lol 
Ready to start a jam packed weekend . 
ugh headache 
It's about that time of the year to make myself sick off of < PROPFEMALE > corn and then not eat any again until next year . lol 
I can do it , I have superhuman will power !!! 
mmmm .... Charlotte's bless you for your wonderous Chef Salad . 
Had fun last night chillin ' and grillin ' with my homies . lol 
Is it Halloween yet ?!? 
Ahhh yes !!! Off work and free for the weekend !!! I love Halloween , may the festivities begin ! 
meh .... bored . 
re-arranging the kitchen ... that's what happens when I drink coffee kids . lol 
ugh ... raging headache . 
Thinking about a haircut ... too chicken to go short . I always get the same old thing just at different lengths . 
To live and not to breathe , is to die in tragedy . 
My mom and dad went to Arizona and all I got was to take care of their drooly dogs . lol That's ok cuz my family is being a big help . love them ! 
Food for thought . > If you know you have a incurable contagious disease ( like AIDS , for example ) and you act in a manner to pass it on to an unknowing party , shouldn't that be considered attempted murder ? Isn't it just as bad as shooting at someone ? 
<3 
is upset . why do they always cut your hair too short . 
It's finally Friday , mom and dad are home safe from their trip , I returned their drooly dogs , life is good ! 
Monday ... yay . 
It's my daddy's birthday today . So blessed to have such a good one . Love you dad ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . Stay safe and warm . 
Ahh ... ugh . Back to the grind . 
Gotta admit ... the snow is kinda pretty . Now if would just stay off the roads and out of the driveway . 
ahhh .... Friday . Just a few more hours to freedom . 
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear ! 
is so tired of sitting on the couch feeling like crap . 
My rat Lucy(in the sky w/diamonds ) died today . Ironically so did < PROPFIRST > Lennon . 
Can't wait for the Christmas program tonight and to see < PROPMALE > ham it up in his suit while dancing with a girl ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to me , there's a Droid on it's way ! 
is patiently waiting for the Fed Ex man . hurry up man ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , my car died . ugh 
Trying to figure out how to delete contacts on my new droid 
Yay , it's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > can't wait to be off work ! 
Christmas has arrived at my house ! Just like me to be a big kid and wake up every 2 hours to see what time it is ! 
Whoever ordered this round of snow should be < PROPMALE > then drowned . 
