Summertime and the livin's easy . 

Tidal waves couldn't save the world from Californication . 
When nothing's making sense at all , you're not the only one that's afraid of change . 
It's always better when we're together . 
They're all different names for the same place . 
has open eyes and a tired mind . 
is sad to be leaving her house in < PROPFEMALE > . 
All at once , the world can overwhelm me . There's almost nothin ' that you could tell me that could ease my mind . 
To think that one's actions could please the masses is indeed a notion bound in irony ; someone will inevitably find something wrong in almost everything . 
This is the way the world ends , not with a bang , but a whimper . 
More and more , it feels like I'm doing a really bad impersonation of myself . 
Well , shit . I probably should have started this paper earlier . I am the best procrastinator ( what an oxymoron ) . 
I wish I didn't have to go to sociology . Talking to a wall for an hour and a half would be much more entertaining than my professor . 
I'm shoulder high in crap and my water wings are flat . 
Damn , it feels good to be a gangsta . 
I want a part of your crazy love ; it's really all I'm ever thinkin ' of . 
Give me rampant intellectualism as a coping mechanism . 
Everything is all right . 
We're only gonna die from our own arrogance , that's why we might as well take our time . 
Me and my anger sit , folding a paper bird , letting the curtains turn to beating wings . 
The bird is the word . 
Hail the right brain ! 
Beauty's just another word I'm never certain how to spell . 
Choose your future . Choose life . . . But why would I want to do a thing like that ? 
I wanna live in the city with no friends or family . I'm gonna look out the window of my color TV . 
I know that I sound opinionated , maybe biased , and quite possibly jaded ; but sooner or later they'll be throwing quarters at you on stage . 
is laughing from the inside out . 
Nowadays , the songs on the radio all , they all drive me crazy . 
You just gotta keep livin ' , man .. L-I-V-I-N ' . 
It's understood that Hollywood sells Californication . 
is stresssssed . And wondering what I'm doing with myself . 
Wants to feel deserving , but somehow it's just not adding up .. Oh , and 2 tests down , only one more to go ( Thank God ) . 
So , where do we go from here ? Abandon ship now .. My problem is you make me melt , and I don't want to be frozen anymore . 
Looks like a chipmunk .. But not the cute kind , the kind that you probably want to kick because it looks like it has rabies . Yep , that's me . 
Everything's amazing , but only in theory . 
Emptiness is loneliness and loneliness is cleanliness and cleanliness is Godliness and God is empty , just like me . 
Your head will collapse if there is nothing in it , and you'll ask yourself , \Where is my mind ? \"" 
I've been here so long , think that it's time to move . The winter's so cold , summer's over too soon . Let's pack our bags and settle down where palm trees grow . 
To resist is to piss in the wind ; anyone who does will end up smelling . Knowing this , why do I defy ? ' Cause my inner voice is yelling . 
Movin ' to the country , gonna eat a lot of peaches . 
Game shows are designed to make us feel better about the random , useless facts that are all we have left of our education . 
Where'd all the good people go ? I've been changin ' channels , I don't see them on the TV shows .. 
Lately , now , you've been the biggest distraction . 
thinks the Twilight saga is gay . Yeah , I said it . 
wishes her boyfriend would stop playing Grand Theft Auto .. 
has two papers , a project , and a test tomorrow . Ohh , the life of a procrastinator .. 
Mischief , mayhem , soap . 
hasn't been feeling up to par lately . 
God wears camouflage , cries at night , and drives a Dodge . 
Sometimes I feel like I don't have a partner ; sometimes I feel like my only friend . Is the city I live in the city of angels ? Lonely as I am , together we cry . 
Is relieved to be wearing her sock monkey slippers . 
Just keeps getting better at Tetris . I don't know whether to be proud or ashamed . 
Summer's gone ; I overslept and woke up to the chill of fall . Overworked and now I'm all used up . 
These days , these nights are so ordinary . 
I saw you standing in my headlights ( blink , blink , blink ); I thought I'd run you down for the weight you left on me . But then I pressed rewind , reversed , and drove away . Seeing you disappear in my rearview brought to me the word \reciprocity . \"" 
' s soul is a bowl of jokes . 
And I wonder , when I sing along with you , if everything could ever feel this real forever .. If anything could ever be this good again . 
Well , too much silence can be misleading . You're drifting , I can hear it in the way that you're breathing . 
Well , I'm a mushroom-cloud-layin ' motherfucker , motherfucker . Everytime my fingers touch brain , I'm Superfly TNT , I'm the guns of Navarone ! 
I'm drunk by noon , but that's okay .. I'll be president some day . 
Could I push rewind ? All the credits traverse , signifying the end , but I missed the best part . Can we please go back to start ? 
Trouble travels fast when you're specially designed for crash testing . 
Find myself singin ' the same song every day . Ones that make me feel good when things behind the smile ain't okay . 
Doesn't like today . 
I can't breathe this Midwest air tonight . 
I never thought I could I want someone so much , ' cause now you're not here and I'm knee deep in that old fear . 
Always waits ' til the last minute to write a paper . And always regrets it . 
Just became a fan of not becoming a fan of every ri-goddamn-diculous statement Facebook users can think of . 
Wants to watch a Tarantino movie right now . But I don't own any .. Sad . 
Sometimes needs a gentle reminder of why I avoided most people in high school . And after , for that matter . 
The fact that you , you think you can speak to me the way you do leads me to believe that you have never stepped out of the skin you live in . 
Apparently I'm not meant to own Unwritten Law's Hit List . And I'm pretty pissed off about it . 
Is goin ' to the Chula todaaay . And we all know what happens at the Chula . 
My life has become a boring pop song and everyone is singing along . 
That's when you know you've found somebody special . When you can just shut the fuck up for a minute and comfortably enjoy the silence . 
\ ... Never < PROPFEMALE > on the weird . Or they will chop your head off . \"" 
Is going to be so fucking bitter if Lady Gaga headlines at Lollapalooza . Nine Inch Nails headlined when I went two years ago .. and now this ? What a shame . 
It's getting hard to be someone , but it all works out .. It doesn't matter much to me . 
I hope the weather holds , but you don't need the sun to make you shine . 
I don't understand why I sleep all day , and I start to complain when there's no rain . All I can do is read a book to stay awake , and it rips my life away , but it's a great escape . 
Spring cleaning and Modest Mouse . 
You may say I'm a dreamer , but I'm not the only one . 
Yes , I feel emphatic about not being static , and not eating the bullshit that's being fed to me no more , ' cause now I'm full . 
Is enjoying a bottle of Grey Goose . 
Reaaally wants Panera 
I think I saw you in my sleep , darling . I think I saw you in my dreams , you were stitching up the seams of every broken promise that your body couldn't keep . 
The mayor's out killing kids to keep taxes down . 
When I close my eyes , I remember why I smile . Under my umbrella , I'm an accomplished exile . 
I wanna forget how convention fits ; but can I get out from under it ? 
is playing the most intense game of Operation . 
Crack my head open on your kitchen floor to prove to you that I have brains . 
Consequence , you'll see , will be stranger than a gang of drunken mimes . 
Sittin ' outside , writing a story and listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Life is good =] 
I've got a perfect set of blueprints ; I'm gonna build somebody else . Might cost a little more than money , but what's man without his wealth ? 
has 17 pages of paper to write today . Good thing I waited ' til the last minute to do it .. 
Well , you know you got it if it makes you feel good . 
Sorry I'm late , I was out spoiling my liver . I couldn't wait , the sun was up for far too long today .. And I can't see straight , but the two of you look awfully pretty . 
Early in the morning , risin ' to the street .. 
I have measured out my life with coffee spoons . 
Come down and waste away with me .. 
In a world of thieves , the only final sin is stupidity .. 
I'm in need of someone to take care of me tonight ; and as I'm looking out at you , can you see it in my eyes ? 
Father I've sinned , over and over and over and over again .. 
If I held my ground , would you ask me to change ? 
If I hit bottom , must I crawl out alone ? 
Has an extra ticket to an acoustic Lucky Boys Confusion show on the 27th ; anyone care to join ? 
Will you creep into my head again and pick me up off the ground ? Once more , tell me what you're fighting for . 
When your mind is a mess , so is mine . I can't sleep ' cause it hurts when I think . 
Well , I'll see you around . Don't wanna stay and drown , the drama got too thick .. makes me sick . And I don't wanna talk about it , I already thought about it .. stripped down of my pride . 
I can feel the world upon my back , I got sixteen people breathing down my neck . And it's kinda hard to keep your head afloat when the rain won't stop and your face is soaked . \ 
.. But I'm alright , alright . 
Going on a date with my two lovely ladies , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and Abiiii Gee =] 
R.I.P. CC's vibe .. we had some good times . 
I've been losing lots of keys lately ; I don't know what that means , but maybe I'd be better off with things that can't be locked at all . 
Chicken pot pie ... those are my three favorite things . 
I like licking CC's vag .. every night . 
Is jumping out of an airplane today .. and I'm fucking pumped ! 
I'm unconsoled , I'm lonely .. I am so much better than I used to be . 
I want to know my fate if I keep up this way .. And it's hard to want to stay awake when everyone you meet , they all seem to be asleep . And you wonder if you missed your dream .. 
Mother Nature just does not want me to go skydiving . Fuck you , Mother Nature . 
Shwimming with the lovely Abi G .. Come join us =] 
Skydiving today hopefully ? Third time's a charm .. 
Skydiving was the best experience of my life .. can't wait to go again ! =] 
Just got tickets to see < PROPFIRST > Tosh ! =] 
Catching up on some reading and a little Death Cab .. always makes for a pleasant evening . 
The world has its ways to quiet us down . 
Won't have a properly functioning phone ' til tomorrow . Sad . 
You're no Jesus ; yeah , you're no fucking < PROPMALE > . \ 
Wash your hands clean of yourself . 
Make Yourself is the best album to run to . Oh , Incubus , you know me too well . 
I have my books and my poetry to protect me ; I am shielded in my armor . 
I should have been a pair of rugged claws/ Scuttling across the floors of silent seas . 
Going kayaking with my mommy . 
Glitter is the herpes of craft supplies . 
I know what I want , and that's more than you can say . 
Relaxing outside and reading a little Hell's Angels always makes for a good day . 
Happy birthday to my lovely Abi Gomez ! =] 
is craving < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s . It's God's gift to hangovers . 
You keep your riches , I'll sew my stitches . You can't make me think like you , mundane . 
Rock Valley registration makes me want to throw my phone at the wall . 
They're killing me deep , they're killin ' me deep inside . 
is on a Slightly Stoopid binge . I just can't seem to stop myself . 
Casino .. Nothin ' like trying to fall asleep to a good gangster movie . 
Alkaline Trio and Reel Big Fish kicked so much ass today . 
You breathe in soft regrets , and I breathe out a lack of interest ; but the walls , the walls ... they whisper their nostalgic lullabies , the quiet cries of the less than satisfied ; and weep for the mind which wanders for < PROPMALE > , but stops short\ 
... And bounces back . 
Is going to Pittsburgh today =] 
Capitalism : A Love Story 
Someone should buy me tickets to see the Mighty Mighty Boss Tones next Saturday , ' cause that'd be awesome =] . 
Really needs to start taking inventory of everything I own . 
Already predicting that I don't want to go to class tonight . I don't feel like learning . 
You might be crazy , but then again , so am I . They oughta stick me in an institution , just so I can be by your side . 
But I can't stop from just smiling when that damn sun in shining on ; hell , it's just shining down all over me . 
Wants to watch Aristocats .. but everytime I go to the video store , < PROPMALE > won't let me rent it =[ 
Unabashed honesty would be ideal , but a prophet did once say that honesty is a lonely word . 
Just got tickets to see the Gorillaz =] 
You should make ammends with you , if only for better health . But if you really want to live , why not try and make yourself ? 
Should really write a self-help book on all the motivational statuses on Facebook . People love that sort of crap .. \Dance like no one's watching ;\ " I'd probably rather just punch you in the face for saying that . " 
The Gorillaz were fucking incredible ! =] 
Only spent ten dollars on my halloween costume . I'm so proud =] 
Needs to get in school-mode after that long weekend . Unfortunately , I've been very unsuccessful thus far . 
I think that it's brainless to assume that making changes to your window's view will give you a new perspective . 
Smile and take your awkward bow ; turn and stumble off the stage . Let the rain be your applause , every encore soothe your rage . 
So excited to see Tosh tomorrow for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday =] 
I can feel the world upon my back ; I got sixteen people breathin ' down my neck . And it's kinda hard to keep your head afloat when the rain won't stop , and your face is soaked . But I'm alright , alright . 
If I get drunk , well , I'll pass out on the floor now baby , you won't bother me no more . And if you're drinkin ' , well you know that you're my friend and I say , \I think I'll have myself a beer . \"" 
Ugh .. Rock Valley , what are you good for ? 
Why is it that all I want to do is watch old Blink 182 videos and not go to sleep ? 
Named my Sociology paper after a Daft Punk song .. it seemed necessary and appropriate . 
Ugh , so burnt out on school =[ . It definitely doesn't help that I forgot about a paper due tomorrow . I just may punch someone in the face . 
Slightly Stoopid makes life so much better . 
Someone should buy me the book Aristotle : Nicomachean Ethics , because I've recently become obsessed/fascinated =] 
Eggnog and rum .. nothin ' like the holidays =] 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes folks . And for my awesome unicorn pillow pet that < PROPFIRST > and Abi got me ! =] 
Clarity is smothered violently in wishful thinking , you know . 
Footfalls < PROPFEMALE > in the memory , down the passage which we did not take , towards the door we never opened .. into the rose-garden . My words < PROPFEMALE > ; thus , in your mind . 
There's nothing that I love more than the smell of new books and the gratification of filling up my book shelf =] 
There is no feeling , except the extremes of fear and grief , that does not find relief in music . 
\The mind is its own beautiful prisoner . \"" 
Porcelain , are you wasting away in your skin ? 
