I feel accomplished . I managed to get hirigana and katakana on my computer ! And all I had to do was go to system preferences . Derp , I can't believe that took me so long to figure out . 

15 year old girl holds her 1 year old son ; people call her a slut . But no one knows she was raped at 13 . People call a girl fat ; no one knows she has a serious disease that causes her to be overweight . People call an old man ugly ; no one knows he had a serious injury to his face while serving our country in Vietnam . Re-post this if your against bullying and stereotyping . 
I played Portal 1 . Then I played Portal 2 . PORTAL TWO IS BETTERRRRRR . I THOUGHT THAT WAS IMPOSSIBLE . 
My Internet is down ! Oh noes ! 
If I had three wishes , they would be immortality , having the ability to turn into a cat , and a steak . Especially the steak . 
I've been playing DDTank . It's a fun game , but apparently it decided to post absolutely EVERYTHING I've done in this game without even asking me first . I am slightly annoyed by this . 
I just got UTAU on my < PROPMALE > ! Yay ! Now if only I could get past the intro thingy . I'd actually be using the program by now if it weren't in Japanese . I'm just running around clicking stuff and so far it doesn't seem to be working ... Eh . I'll get it eventually . 
UTAU-SYNTH IS A BITCH . All I can use is Defoko ... 
I think Cleverbot might be racist . 
GENTLEMEN . \ 
I PET A MOUNTAIN LION . \ 
Actually , I pet three of them , the fourth wasn't as friendly and sat in an emo corner . There was also a HUGE bobcat , an old blind 20 year old bobcat and her friend Miss Bengal , and a Chaus . Oh yeah , and a REALLY friendly norwegian < PROPMALE > cat . 
I'M SO BORED . And I've already drawn a bunch of pictures today . 
I never post anything on facebook . So here ya go . 
Herpity Derpity sat on a wall . Herpity Derpity had a great fall . 1337score trolls and 1337score more , could not place Herpity as he was before . 
Why do trilobites have to be extinct ? I want one for a pet . 
GUESS WHAT GUESS WHAT . \ 
Tales of Graces ƒ is coming out on the PS3 in North < PROPFEMALE > some time in 2012 . That makes me want to explode from happiness , but I'm also disappointed that I had/have to wait 3 YEARS for it to even be announced . On the bright side , the whole not-having-a-PS3-thing can be fixed . I may have to wait till I'm fifteen I can get a job though . 
I finally got registered for school today and I'll be going tomorrow . I'm gonna post my classes here but mix them up so anyone who sees this won't try to find me while I'm in class . \ 
\ 
So I have :\ 
Geometry Honors\ 
English Honors 1\ 
Drama 1\ 
Stagecraft 1\ 
PE/Health ( They call it HOPE , but I think that's ridiculous . )\ 
Intense Reading B \ 
Biology 1 Honors 
