is totally loving every bit of this weather ! 

knows he should have gone to church , but appreciated the extra sleep instead :) 
had a relaxing day of siting in the pool and watching < PROPMALE > Potter 5 . 
only has one day left of his amazing internship :( 
Is done with his internship , and now has to write his paper and turn in his forms ... 
is working from 12 to 4 today . 
is going to relax and watch Ghostbusters tonight :) 
is up for a pretty awesome time tonight ! 
learned how to play this weird card game called Pinochle last night ... :) 
has a lot to do on his day off ... damn . 
bored out of his freaking mind with this paper ... 
is working from 1130 to 630 and then going out for the night . 
working from 10-3 starting tomorrow morning ; yay extra shifts ! :) 
is wondering how the strawberry peanut butter m&m's will taste .. 
holy crap ; < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is in a coma ?!? 
What ?! < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > AND < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett died ?!? What's going on ?!? 
is excited for Kid Rock and Lynyrd Skynyrd tomorrow night ! 
is heading south for the day to see the concert tonight ! 
is freakin ' busy until Monday . 
is glad to finally have a job with cool managers . 
might actually finish that paper of his tonight ... but probably not :p 
has work 2-7 and then ER from 9-12 tomorrow . Yay ? 
can't sleep , dammit . 
hopes that he doesn't suck at bowling tonight ... it's only been .... a year ? I'm boned :p 
is experiencing revelations in black holes . 
picked up an extra shift tonight . Yay extra cash :) 
wants to see some fireworks tomorrow . 
feels like he can check out any time he likes , but that he can never leave . 
is looking forward to some R&R tomorrow :) 
Just when shit starts looking good , it hits the fan . 
is going hunting for that R&R he never got yesterday ... in the morning ... zzzz 
is heading to campus for a few hours ! 
is going in a coma for the next 8 or so hours . 
had quite an enjoyable day ! God that pool is great in 100 degree weather ! 
is friggin ' beat . 
is sooo glad that he has tomorrow off . 
had a really enjoyable time last night , and is going to enjoy his time off :) 
thought < PROPMALE > Potter 6 was pretty good . 
is thinking : Holy Crap ! I slept in till noon for the first time since April ! 
has a plan : pool , gym , sleep . :) 
is working for the first since last Friday . 
doesn't know how to feel about the fact that Brogan is leaving us . 
is off to work . 
is really looking forward to the bbq tomorrow . 
had a lot of fun grilling and playing volleyball in the rain yesterday ! 
is watching the Number 23 and Zombie Strippers ... let's see how this goes :p 
is enjoying a nice , relaxing day by the pool :) 
is listening to the police for the first time in months . 
is feeling slightly more random than usual today . 
is going to grill something today , even if it rains again dammit ! :p 
is working 5-close today . 
is working 6:30 -close tonight at a store he's never worked at before . 
is going to pass out now ... 
is ugh . 
is ready for school to start again now . 
is glad to have caught up on some family time . 
is going to be alone in the ER tonight and Tuesday :( 
is wondering what he is going to do on his day off . 
hasn't had a movie night with pizza and wings in months ; I missed it :p 
needs to get a lot better at mini golf ... 
is getting ready for a ball game ! 
had fun at the ball game , but wishes his team would win for a change ... 
is hopefully going to get his books ordered sometime tomorrow ... 
is looking forward to some much needed time off soon , and is glad he actually ordered his books ! 
is finally getting a new cell phone ! 
has his new cell phone activated ! Unfortunately , my contacts won't transfer , and I can't turn my old phone on , so message me with your < PROPFIRST > so I can add them . 
Got his contacts transferred ! And now to get to repacking my stuff ... 
is feeling rather productive . 
FINALLY beat Super Punch Out ! Freakin ' Hoy Quarlow ... 
doesn't know what to tell ya . 
is working 4 to close tonight . Hopefully I get some stuff done at home beforehand too . One more week before movein day ! 
is waiting to see what the day brings . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > of the Dead was Awesome ! 
is going to blast some Dragonforce and be productive . 
gets to have one more poker night before school starts ! Ha ! 
is don't stop thinking about tomorrow ... it'll soon be here . And yesterday's gone , yesterday's gone ... 
is going to bed after a long day of helping his sister moving into her new dorm in Boca ; and I get to do it all over again Saturday when I move in ! 
is finally done moving people in . Ha ! 
is already done with his first day of classes , and he knows some people still haven't woken up yet ... you know who you are ... 
COSO meeting , Housing meeting , Volleyball , and then sleep . I forgot how much extra stuff there was to do at college . 
is looking forward to a nice relaxing night of ... homework ... 
Class 11-4 , and then work 5-close . Hopefully I can sneak a meal in there somewhere ... 
is listening to some music before crashing and then waking up to physics lab . 
is hoping the rest of his weekend is as amazing as the beginning of it was :) 
wants to know why Physics hates him so much . What have I ever done to you , Physics ? 
hasn't decided if he's bored or if he's procrastinating . 
Class 11-4 , and then work 5-close . Damn , that sounds awfully familiar ... 
is up for another round of homework all night ... yay ... 
Physics lab in the AM , then heading home for the day :) 
had an awesome start to his holiday weekend ! 
is getting ready for work , then heading back to campus afterword . 
just remembered how much fun Plants Vs . Zombies was ... crap :p 
says happy 09/09/09 ! 
is off to bed . Hopefully my physics homework will finish itself :) 
feels like he doesn't have enough time to finish a complete thou -- 
is going back to bed . 
is working 5-close , and then prepping for the Biochem and Neuroscience exams next week . 
is going to study his ass off and somehow do his physics homework this week . 
is eating , sleeping , and breathing Biochem until 12:30 tomorrow afternoon . 
thoroughly enjoyed his much needed break from studying . 
is off to bed , followed by a day of physics and neuroscience ... 
has class from 11-4 , including a test , work from 5-close , and then a physics lab report due at 10 am . See you all tomorrow afternoon ! 
doesn't want to catch Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis anytime soon . 
thinks its weird how a certain grade in one class makes you feel amazing , but getting that same grade in another class is infuriating ... 
is finally off to bed . 
feels accomplished . 
is off to bed , but is waking up in four hours to get tickets to Universal . 
is wondering how 34 people beat him to universal sign ups at 6:20 in the morning ... 
is sooooo glad his < PROPFEMALE > Bio test got pushed back till next monday :) 
is contemplating leaving school to join the circus . 
was completely unproductive today , but got some much needed rest . 
hasn't felt like this in a long time . I don't like it . 
wants to go to bed , but still has a huge Physics lab report to do . Damn ... 
is soooooo ready for Universal tomorrow ! 
had a freakin ' awesome day ! 
is working 430 to close , then studying for my test tomorrow morning . 
is finally off to bed . Looking forward to the weekend already ... 
is gonna have to pull another all nighter to get shtuff done . Here we go again ... 
like a boss . 
is home for the day . 
randomly decided that he likes The Simpsons and wants to watch all 20 plus years of episodes . 
decided to save his money at the casino tonight , and instead got seasons one and two of the Simpsons for 15 dollars shipped . 
is glad to finally be in the weekend ! 
loved Zombieland ! Brainz . 
is working from 6 to close . 
is going to bed before 3 am for the first time all semester . Yay ! 
just wants everyone to feel better ... 
is off to class from 11 to 4 . 
can't wait for the 16th .... 
would like more hours in a day ; 24 is definately not enough anymore . 
is finally off to bed . 4:30 is the new 2 am anyways :p 
Lab Report due Monday , and Physics and Biochem exams Tuesday . Bye bye weekend ... 
loves taco < PROPFEMALE > . 
is hoping for the best ; thankfully I'll be done with everything in less than 10 hours :) 
is finally going to bed for the first time in 2 days . 
loves his egg creams . Thanks < PROPMALE > Davidson ! 
is sooooooo ready for Halloween Horror Nights ! 
is \girding his loins ... \"" 
HHN tonight !!! 
had a blast , but can't say the same for everyone ... 
is thanking God for Ventrue Bros and Nyquil ! 
is done with physics early today . Booya ! 
is peacing out for the night . 
can't believe he spent his study day watching movies . Day well spent ! 
is working 6 to close , and then hopefully sleep . I'm not counting on it though :p 
is going to be productive for a bit , and then work 6 to close . 
lied about the productive part , but is still working from 6 to close . 
had a nice relaxing day at home . Now to get shtuff done ! 
' s head hurts . Note to self : when going on rides meant for kinds , remember how tall you are ... 
' s head hurts . Note to self : when going on rides meant for kids , remember how tall you are ... 
has a lot of hours next week . Yay ? 
is essentially gone until November . 
Happy Halloween !!!! Brainz . 
is looking forward to sleeping in an extra hour :) 
is studying till the new Venture Bros at midnight . 
is taking 18 credits next semester . This could end badly ... 
is wondering what the hell an umami is ... 
just read all his status updates since August 2008 ... I really haven't changed much :p 
is staring at biochem . Maybe it will help . 
is glad for what he has and is sad for what he has lost . 
thinks Physics Lab should be a < PROPMALE > Rule course :/ 
is working 4 to close , then doing a lot of homework . 
doesn't think it's nice to mess with the mentally retired . 
is closely related to Myeong and Phuc Quach , according to my mitochondrial DNA in Biochem lab ... now that's surprising . 
is OMG ; the konami code works on facebook !!! 
is doing a paper , then going to sleep ... 
is writing a paper ... yay ! 
is breaking out the Police for some paper writing ... and it's amazing :p 
is done with his second-to-last paper of the year ... and is going to bed ... 
did really well at lazer tag , but has nothing on Papa Smurf . 
has his sweet ride back :) 
holy social interview spam ! 
is done with his labs for the semester !!! 
wants to thank < PROPFIRST > Bishop , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Henken , and < PROPFIRST > E . Bruton for an amazing season ! You all were awesome ! And congrats OP , < PROPMALE > Davidson , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Mathieu , and < PROPFIRST > , for winning the intramurals ! We'll give you guys a run for your money next year :p ( My apologies to < PROPFIRST > ; facebook only lets me tag 6 people ... ) 
is ready for some festivities :) 
thinks he would be better off at school right now :/ 
got some awesome black friday deals ! 
missed hanging out with his friends , and is glad he was able to have some fun before cramming for finals . 
Why did finals have to be this week ?!?! 
is studying brainz for the neuroscience final tomorrow . Gotta love that combo ! 
is OMG ! Run from the hypocretins ! They have propenelol ! ( Totally posted for < PROPFIRST > Mathieu and < PROPFEMALE > F-J ) 
can't find his phone :( 
got his phone back . It was totally on the floor by my door when I got back from work ... and all of my texts were deleted ... this will be fun to clean up after :p 
hmm ... I wonder if any one else remembers and is reexperiencing the analogy of the SS GPA . 
wants to know why it's so hard to be productive . 
is so ready to be 5/8 done with college . ugh . 
is 12 hours and counting ... 
is DONE !!!!!!... but for some reason , doesn't feel much better :\\ 
forgot how much fun it was just to play video games and board games with good friends . 
working 5 till whenever , then going home for break ! 
had a good day making good food :) 
is seeing Avatar tonight , and Holmes next week ! 
thought Avatar was frickin ' amazing ! 
working 4 to close , and then 6 to close tomorrow . Only 5 more days till Christmas !!! 
got all of his shopping AND wrapping done in one night ! Booya ! 
just finished getting all the gifts under the tree ; and damn does it look good :) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
is ready for school to start , but doesn't want to get his books . 
is glad he's off tomorrow , but still wanted to shadow Dr. < PROPFIRST > again ; guess I'll have to wait till the summer :/ 
is Happy New Year ! 
hates that you can't put up the statuses that you want because you have too many friends ; o wells . 
just realized he has less than a week till classes , and still hasn't done anything he wanted to do over the break ... oops . 
