really stressed out !!!!!!!!!!!!! 

; Being sick really sucks 
stressed and tired 
bored to death and needs a life outside of school 
I need people to talk to , someone conversate with the girl 
people are so freaking compicated these days . i reckon everybodys favorite question is why 
confsued , really confused 
getting ready for my classes tomorrow and still trying to figure out how to present my speech that im still currently working on . 
i was wondered why i always do the important things last . 
damn im so tired just dont want to go to sleep 
man i am very tired 
I reckon I wont be going to sleep until I get my speech finished , damn 
some ppl just know how to make me really mad 
there are just some things that better left unsaid 
what is a life that is not lived 
Is bueaty seen from the inside out or the outside in 
OMG !!!!! I cannot go to sleep , spring break got my routine all messed up 
it is not true about the saying '' what does not kill a person , only makes them stronger '' 
another day at school , how lovely ............... 
it would be awesome if it could stay night everyday 
'' Don't worry about the people from your past , there's a reason why they never made to your future\ " , 201 0-0 4-03 15:56:54 " 
there really needs to be a pony in tupelo because it is just dead . 
Men are such cry babies 
There is just way too many people in this world that just will not step out of their domain because they are too scared of change whether it is bad good but all I know something is going to have to give ........ 
I don't think I can handle doing another speech , it is just to complicated a person just get straight to the point and say what they have to say .......... This is not politics . 
Men really get on my nerves 
when does depression ever go away ? 
somw times doing the best you can do isnt good enough 
I am so ready to be out for the summer even though I have an intersession class went school lets outs . 
Men say women are nosey when their the ones that are always asking why about everything- 
I am so not creative , my speech is monday and my head literally hurting because of all the things in the world I cannot get creative 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr .... I reckon I am back to square one on banging my head against the wall trying to figure out what my speech is going to be on ... Time is ticking away . :( 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ........ when does that empty feeling ever leave ? :( 
I think it would be also if it everyday remained cloudy . 
How much more worse can my day get ...... 
Every time i hear thay country song \ i pray for you\ " something always bad happens to me . No more listening to that song . " 
back to school beginning the seventeenth ..... Yay me 
today has been along day 
Is it possible to outsmart your common sense ? 
Back to class early Monday morning . 7:30 comes too early ............ 
I think the more i try to get to along with other people the more i get insulted 
< PROPFIRST > are just to difficult to cram these days ................ 
How hard can college algebra really be if intermediate is super easy .......... 
People are just so intertaining to me ....... 
im so happy :-) 
Men are weird , in general 
For some people , I may never understand 
sunlight make me so sick to the point that no one should be able to tan 
Feeling drained but happy :-)) 
very confused 
Im honestly confused and really dont know whhat to believe anymore 
Really sleep deprive 
Does anybody know what schizoaffective is 
Never blink an eye because everything you thought you had will be gone 
men are very terrible people , because they're all the same . All they know is how to come up with sad little excuses . 
I think im starkville bound this weekend to party with my friends 
Why try to have a reltionship when they dont work 
It doesnt matter how much i drink , i still feel sad : -C 
AHH , I THINK MY PAST IS BEGINNING TO HAUNT ME ... 
I just love being mean to people ... LMFAO ......... HAHAHAHAHAHA 
GO ROLL TIDE !!!! 
Finally getting back to where i need to be .... 
friends 
i think the best kind of relationship there is left in this world is friendship 
I think I need to go into hybrination for awhile , lol 
im thinking a case of budlight will be my intertainment tonight 
i think i will put hybrination on hold for a while 
Go rolling tide 
I am < PROPFEMALE > bored :-[ 
Omg .. im past boredom im like below being bored 
I so need to find so excitment in my life cause everything else is getting BORING 
back to school in the mornin and lab at 8 a.m oh how fun 
im doing a study on relationships and i need male opinions . Why do guys prefer to stay with females that treat them like shit ? 
omg a&p is killing me but im not giving up the fight to get the grade i want 
Im so happy i just saved < PROPFEMALE > 
omg ppl dont know how to take jokes these days seriously 
Omg ... I feel sooo f**k *** drained lol 
omg ... I am sooo bored 
< PROPFIRST > fowler 
Wow what a weekend .... But its over now lol 
life's a climb but its a person's choice whether or not to keep climbing 
< PROPFIRST > Instein once quoted '' im a bit hazy , but am i or the others crazy '' ..... Well its something like that . 
