Happy New Years to all my friends and family . I am so blessed to have each one of you in my liife . 

The family reunion was awesome 
is home from Calif . had a wonderful .. but could have stayed to visit much longer . 
Tired and going to bed . 
< PROPFIRST > and the kids made it home today . Vacation is over back to work in the morning . 
Took Lexi shopping with her birthday money and gift card . She bought 3 pairs of shoes and 1 outfit . 
ah the end to another weekend ... back to work in the morning 
Yipeeee !!!! it is my Friday ... Ready for a 3 day weekend 
made a pineapple upside down cake and keylime pie . 
Happy 4th of July Everyone . Let us all remember what this day really is ! 
took the kiddos to gymnastic yesterday and ballet today . 
getting ready for church ...... not looking forward to Monday 
yea i made it through Monday . Boy , am I glad it only comes once a week . 
Whaaaaaahooooooo !!!!!! Its Friday !!!!! oh yeah 
going swimming 
Praying for rain . Hi Ho off to work I go . 
is enjoying the cooler temp . and the much need rain . 
thinking about how blessed I am with friends and family I have 
helloooooooo weekend !!!!! 
My Mom's surgery went good , she should get to come home tomorrow . Pray for a speedy recovery . 
My Mom is home from the hospital . < PROPFIRST > is staying with her . Praise God for < PROPFIRST > . I am back to work in the morning . But on the bright side tomorrow is FRIDAY !!!!! Whoo hoo . 
Mom went to the ER this afternoon . They gave her medicine for nausea and a slight infection . She is doing better . 
We went to < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday/graduation/going off to college party this evening . Can't believe she is all grown up . 
Mom is doing better today . She is in a happy place ... hydrocodone and muscle relaxants ... she will have a good recovery .. 
Tried out my new jeep today for a monday it wasnt to bad 
Waaaaaa hoooo !!!! Its Friday . My jeep is working out awesome . Going to checkout another gymnastics place this evening . 
The kiddos really liked the new gymnastics place . Going to check out one more Monday . Enjoying time with my hubby and kiddos . 
monday morning ... off to work I go . 
Whaaaaa HOOOOOOOO . Iit friday and the start of a 3 day weekend 
Had a great weekend . Hope everyone had a good and safe weekend ..... Back to work . 
Really looking forward to the weekend . This has been a long week . 
WhooHoo I'm a Grandma again !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 8 lb 10oz 20\ " , 2009-09-29 09:40:48 " 
At the Dentist with Lexi ... watching it rain . 
Getting ready for the moggy day ahead . Glad the sun is going to shine . 
Yipee its Friday !!!! On the other hand ..... getting ready to take < PROPMALE > for his surgery this morning . 
off to work to play in the rain . 
Glad its Friday . I think the kiddos and I will make Holloween cookies . 
The kiddos and I made sugar and butter cookies . We played yatzee with Poppa . We had alot of fun . 
Hoping everyone had a safe and happy holloween . I am trying to adjust to the new time . 
Soooo looking forward to the weekend !! Please keep our armed service men , women and their families in your prayers . 
Thank you to all the men and women in our armed forces , who have served and are serving now . I commend and appricate your service to this great crountry . 
Going to play in the rain . yea ..... I am looking forward to the weekend . Spending time with my family . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends and family . I am truly blessed . 
going shopping to day with Mom and < PROPFIRST > . 
< PROPFIRST > an I took the kiddos to Six Flags yesterday . They had a blast . 
We took < PROPFEMALE > with us . Suprisingly Lexi was fearless when it came to riding the rides . < PROPFEMALE > and Lexi rode some of the bigger rides together . 
I am sooooo tired of the cold .. more on the way ... I want my summertime back !! 
The girls and I went to see the lions and tigars tonite . It was really fun . We had a great time . 
We went to kids Christmas party at gymnastics last nite . They did good in thier performance . 
The kids Christmas play went so good this morning ... Will was a Donkey .. he was sooooooo cute . Lexi was an angel and < PROPFEMALE > was < PROPFIRST > . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JESUS !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
Well we have a white Christmas . whoopee .... If its gone tomorrow afternoon it will be wonderful . It gives the kids time to play in it . 
Snowing again .. we had a white christmas ... so stop dreaming . LOL 
It takes faith to free fall with God and know you will be safe --- so LET GO 
Purple 
So looking forward to the warmer weather . Hard to believe I think 40's and 50's as warm . Can't wait for summer ! Have a blessed and wonderful week everyone . 
Lexi and I went shopping today .... Put in my order for Girl Scout cookies . 
you are getting older when you go to bed fine and wake up with an injury . 
Looking forward to the weekend ! 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . ? So love the people who treat you right . ? Forget about the one's who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . Post to your wall if you agree 
If you have a sister who is your best friend , has shared lifes precious blessings with you and has also been there for you through thick and thin , copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without sisters :-) 
If you believe your Daughters are amongst the greatest blessings on the face of this earth , copy and paste this as your status and give them a hug ! WE ? our DAUGHTERS ! 
Oh boy rain Snow and ice . Can hardly wait to go to wrk . At least its Friday !! 
Rennie : participant ( performer or artisan ) at a renaissance festival or fair . Don’t tell your pretender friends about the party , its rennies only . 
oh goody , it's snowing .. neither rain sleet or snow .. off to work I go ... rah . :( 
We got 13.5 inches of snow . At least I have 4wheel drive . Now can we please get on with spring ? I would be greatful to go straight to summer !!!! 
Doubt builds walls but Faith moves Mountains . 
My Dad passed away Sunday . He will be greatly missed ... He impacted so many lives 
A Memorial Service for Dad will be held on April 17 . 
Thank all ofmy friends and family for your love and prayers during this difficult time . I so enjoy everyone thoughts of my Dad . 
< PROPFIRST > starts cosmotology school on Tuesday . I am sooo proud of my beautiful daughter . 
Thank You for all the Birthday wishes . You have all made me feel very loved . I love you all ! 
says : if you love some one put their name in a circle not a heart because a heart can break but a circle keeps on going 
the most precious jewels you will ever wear around your neck are the < PROPFEMALE > arms of your grandchild 
Happy Easter everyone !!!! 
Dad's Memorial Service is Satuday , April 17th @ 11am . The Women's Clubhouse located 88 W Tulare , Tulare , Ca . 
< PROPFIRST > , the kids , and I will be leaving for Ca . Wed . morning . 
Glad to be home .. it was wonderful to see my brothers , sisters and all the rest of the famliy ... just wish it could have been better circumstances . 
A family isn't only what your born into , it's the people you gather along the way . 
Spend time with those you love . One of these days you will say either \I wish I had\ " or \ " I am glad I did \"." 
in loving memory of every cancer patient , family member and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? ? April is cancer month . 
IT'S SON'S WEEK ... Sons outgrow our laps , but never our hearts .. 
Calgon take me away ....... nope not far enough 
whaahooo !! Its Friday ! I am sooo glad to be done with this week . To all my family and friends have a great weekend . 
The most precious sound is the laughter of your grandchildren and to hear them say \I LOVE YOU MiMi \"." 
Happy Mothers Day to my Mom Daughter and all the rest of the Moms 
When the world says you can't , Christ will tell you that you can . 
I can't believe Will turned 5 yesterday . They are growing up so fast . 
Is at the orthodontist having lexi's braces put on . 
Congradulations < PROPFIRST > and to all of the Decatur graduates . Does anyone know who < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is ? 
believes that every person we meet leaves a piece of themselves with us -\ 
to teach us or to guide us , even if we don't realize it right away 
If\ 
yellow roses grow in Heaven , Lord , please pick a bunch for me . Place \ 
them in my Daddy's arms and tell him they're from me . Tell him that I \ 
love and miss him , and when he turns to smile , place a kiss upon his \ 
cheek and hold him for awhile . Because remembering him is easy , I do it \ 
every day , but there's an ache in my heart that will never go away . Copy\ 
and paste this if your Dad is in Heaven . HAPPY FATHERS DAY . DAD 
I got the new Iphone today . Whoohoo 
Just a reminder for the party on Sunday at 2 
There comes a time in your life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it ... andsurround your self with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad , and focus on the good . Life is too short to be any thing but happy . Repost this if you agree . 
Going to the lake for the weekend ! Waaaahooooo ! 
A\ 
daughter will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your \ 
heart for a lifetime . It's \Daughters Week\ " - if you have a daughter(s ) \ 
is thinking if the money added up as quickly as the loads of dirty laundry do ... I'd never have to worry about working again !!! 
My children and my husband are the very reason i get up each morning , the reason that i breathe , and the reason that i pray that god gives me another day ! 
If my memory was any worse , I could plan my own surprise party !! 
You cant change or mold people to what you want them to be ... Accept and love them for who they are you may be surprised on what you find . 
This is such a cool day 10-10-10 . My niece Machela married her best friend , and my other niece , < PROPFEMALE > had her baby . 
wants to ride a go-kart through a crowded mall 
Your\ 
heart for a lifetime . It's national \daughter's week\ " so if you have a \ 
We finally got rain Yea !!! We needed it !! I am so sorry for everyone that have plans for outside . 
hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia : hip-o-pot-o-mon-stro-ses-quip-e-dal-e-o- phobia . \ 
fear of long words . Who's the heck came up with that one !! 
In life U will meet 1 person who is unlike any other . U can talk 2 this person for hours & never get bored . They dont judge u . This person is ur soulmate . 
your Dad is or was your hero , your best friend , or just the best Dad \ 
ever whether you are blessed to still have your Dad with you , or if he \ 
is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let \ 
everyone know you are proud of your Dad and that you love him 
It's\ 
BROTHERS WEEK if you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched \ 
you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , \ 
saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , \ 
someone you can't do without , copy and paste this to your status ! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , what name brand you wear , if your house is a mess , where you live , about your past , or if your family is full of crazies . They love you for who you are . They can go long periods of time without speaking but , NEVER ... questions the friendship . Re-post this if you have .... at least one true friend , THEY will know who they are . 
We are\ 
asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion \ 
We\ 
are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th \ 
The President is looking for ways to cut spending . Rather than penalizes , the retired , homeowners , military , etc . How about cut off all the foreign < PROPFEMALE > or all the uncontrollable giveaways in the last year and a half and the great leader could stay at home . That alone would save billions !! 
Happy Veteran Day to all the men and women who have served or are serving now . Thank you all so much for your service to us . I pray God's blessing on you . 
sometimes I am HONEST to a Fault .. is that a good thing or a bad thing ... at least I am real and don't pretend to be something I'm not 
It's more fun to act like a kid then to be a kid . Go to Wal-mart and \ 
stick plungers to the floor then watch little kids try to pick them \ 
up ... LOL . 
Proverbs 12:15 : Stupid people always think they are right . Wise people listen to advice . 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . Until December 13 there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . To report abuse/neglect of a child call ... 1-800-252-5400 . It ... is our duty to protect those who CAN NOT protect themselves . Repost this and spread the word 
Forgiveness will make you a better person , holding a grudge will make you a bitter person . 
you have to know me to appreciate my humor , sometimes that doesn't even help . 
Everything happens for a reason .. So remember the next time i reach over & hit you .. It was for a good reason (: hahaha 
Happy Birthday Jesus !!!!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of my family and friends !! Whishing you all a New year filled with God's abundant blessings 
I can't believe it's sleeting ! Brrrr !!! Where is summer ! 
Now its snowing !! bah humbug !!! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along .. and 4 words is hard 
Only an Aunt can hug like a mother , keep secrets like a sister , and love like a friend . If you're an Aunt who loves your nieces and nephews , post this as your status ! 
YOUR SONS WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . IT'S SON'S WEEK .... IF YOU HAVE A SON ( or more ) WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND HIM , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON(s ) , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS . 
This year we will experience 4 unusual dates ... 1/1/11 , 1/11/11 , 11/1/11 , 11/11/11 . Now , go figure this out . Take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year . Coincidentally , it will equal to 111 .... how odd is that ???? 
It's Grandchildren week ! If you have beautiful Grandchildren that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your wall . They will hold your hand only a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful , smart , and talented GRANDCHILDREN in the world ... I do < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Lexi , < PROPFEMALE > , Will , Addy and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Ladies if you are a size 20 or more ... spandex pants are not the best choice to wear in public 
Snow and ice again :( Am so tired of it . And NO IT IS NOT PRETTY . Pretty is 80 and sunshine . :) 
A week of ice and snow and more in the forecast for next week ... are you kidding me !!! Come on 100 degree weather ! 
just a thought ~ when you're standing in front of a mirror with your eyes closed , do you ever wonder if your reflection is making faces at you ? :) 
Whoohoo Sunshine all day a whopping 55 degrees ... only in Texas can it be 17 degrees snow and ice the next day sunshine and 55 :) 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have an amazing DAUGHTER'S put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
I figured out why I'm fat ! The shampoo I use in the shower that runs down my body says \for extra volume and body\ " . I'm going to start using \ " Dawn\ " dish soap . It says \ " dissolves fat that is otherwise difficult to remove\ " . Repost if you have the same issue :) " 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and the days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake from which I’ll never part , God has you in ... his arms I have you in my heart . Repost if you love someone in Heaven ... 
Tell me if this makes any sense . I'm still scratching my head at this one . Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits they were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . Have the guts to re-post this . 1% will re-post and 99% won't 
I always hear people complain about going to work , but has anyone ever stopped to thank God that they still have a job to go to at all ? Just sayin ... 
So grateful for the rain . We needed it ! But I am so ready for the warm weather ! Come on Friday !! Blue waters white beaches !!!!! 
WhooHooo !!!!!! I am on my way to fun fun fun !!!! Sun , good food , great company ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes . You have all made my day and make me feel so loved 
On the ship everything is wonderful . Food is great 
