Friday night , bored to death . 

Going to pick up kids from school and take < PROPFEMALE > to pick up her first paycheck . Yeah !!! 
Who invented mornings ? 
Getting ready for interview at State Farm in Ponca today . 
Job interview at State Farm today ... nothing to wear . 
Thanks guys ! 
Happy Fall Ya\ll !!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
Heading to Kaden's soccer practice in a few . Go Tigers ! 
Finally finished helping Kaden with his homework ... Is it supposed to take 2 hours for a 3rd grader ? Ugh ! 
Time to bundle of for Kadens soccer game ... Way too early and way , way too cold ! Have a great day everybody ! 
Glad the weekend is finally over ... drama , drama , drama !!!!! 
Happy B-Day < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just spent 3 hours in the emergency room with < PROPFEMALE > to find out she has a virus . Did you know that 7 out of 10 flu tests will have a negative result but that doesn't necessarily mean you don't have the flu ???? 
And did you know that a rapid result strep test can be negative but you could still be infected ... If you are lucky , they can throw in a throat culture ( just for shits and giggles ) but it takes 24 to 48 hours to get the results and if that tests positive , then you might get a perscription . 
Happy Birtday < PROPMALE > Witman ! 
Well folks , it has taken me 18 years but I am officially enrolled for the spring semester as a full time college student at NOC throught the University Learning Center at Conoco . 
Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Keep it going22 minutes ago · Comment · Like / Unlike 
Thank You all for the Birthday wishes ! 
No preference during summer . After school during school . 
Sometimes its better not to say anything , than to say how you truly feel and make things worse . 
out of the 10 voices in my head 9 are telling me not to kill you , I would be afraid of the one telling me too !! 
If you do not want it done to you , then do not do it to someone else . If you find fault in others , then clean your house first . 
