I get to start the new year at Wal mart so it goes without saying I am less then thrilled 

It hurts but I never show this pain you'll never know if only you could see just how lonely and how cold and frostbit I've become 
Hates that we all live to die 
one of these days i will be strong enough 
Childrenwith special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education Week 
quitting you has never been easy and i lose strength to do it everyday 
just slammed my fingers in my car door ... what a great night :( 
very very tired was woken up way too early needs to leave work and sleep 
just shut a different finger in another car door ... wow i am on a roll this week 
Has been missing jr high basketball a lot lately . :( 
thinking a trip out of town is needed 
loves her a good shower after a night of drinking ... does a lot of good :) 
she's got her spizz on her pants 
Needs to get up and out of bed but doesnt want too ... 
has learned that beer gives her massive heartburn :( 
Finally got macaroni and cheese and got dogs a whole day was too long to wait ! 
Does not want to get out of bed and do anything today 
tonight blows . . . \\n * ... Jenny ... * 
does not like the idea of losing her voice again ... :( ... \\n * ... Jenny ... * 
I do not want to go back to work at all ... tonight is worse than last night 
McDonalds sucks ... they asked if i wanted large or medium and i said large so then they decided to inform me theyare out of large drinks ... what was the point in asking ? 
Isnt even in school and is up at 3:30 doing homework . . . \\n * ... Jenny ... * 
I focus on the pain , the only thing that's real . 
My mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me fail , cheered me on , kept me going strong and drove me crazy !! Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Post this as your status if you love your Mom , whether she's here with you or in Heaven . I Love You Mom 
if you still care don't ever let me know 
I only wish you weren't my friend then I could hurt you in the end 
And when you think you've won in the end , are you okay with hurting a friend ? 
My car cleaned out and washed , check . My sister's car cleaned out and washed , check . My dad's house clean , check . My sister's apartment clean , check . Laundry started , check . Can't wait to sit around and do nothing but watch football tomorrow now . :) 
All the kings horses and all the kings men couldn't put my heart back together again 
how long have I been in this storm 
doesn't see how people can function in the morning 
wow work sucks tonight I don't so much like the first of the month :( 
Just accomplished removing her first lug nuts on her own , they weren't even loosened first lol very proud of myself . I also learned how to change my brakes . Good day . 
oh the memories one simple drink brings back 
needs soup sprite her bed and heating blanket oh and someone to cuddle with and she will be better 
my smile was taken long ago if I can change I hope I never know 
oh its hotter showers and heating blanket time :) 
why can't she be a pretty butch ? 
and somehow I don't miss you like I thought I would 
the modern age ruins everything 
just stapled my finger at work :( 
thinks it is time to get out my Christmas CD's 
watching saw 4 with < PROPFEMALE > yay !! :) 
when you forget how beautiful you are ill be there to remind you and when all you find are lies ill be the truth you need when you need someone to run too you can run to me ill be your shoulder when you need someone to < PROPFEMALE > on when there's nobody else around ill be 
a day off and a horrible headache all day what's up with that 
Won't have my phone until tuesday or wednesday ... stupid hot tub :( 
okay my phone changed its mind ... it is now working whenever it sees fit 
Change your profile picture to one of your favorite cartoon characters and ask your friends to do the same . The point of the game ? To have no human faces on Facebook , only childhood memories by Monday , to fight child abuse . Copy and paste to spread the word ! 
Tell me what you know about dreaming , dreaming . You don't really know about nothing , nothing . Tell me what you know about them night terrors , every night . 5 A.M. cold sweats , waking up to the sky . 
Has officially fallen in love with piano music 
its going to be a long day 
Just found out the world lost a great person yesterday and I lost one of my oldest and best friends ... I hate how quickly the world can change . I will miss you < PROPFEMALE > as we all will . 
somehow having my brother here was something I needed right now to feel a little better 
With heavy hearts many people are off to put to rest a body that can no longer hold the beautiful , smart , kind , generous , loving and simply amazing spirit that touched so many of us . The spirit that was friends to so many and touched the hearts of everyone she met . Rest in peace Becca . I love you and miss you like crazy . 
How do you convince someone to stay when all they want to do is go or better yet how do you let go of all the selfish reasons and be selfless by letting them go ? 
when life decides to be a bitch it doesn't hold back 
I do not want to be afraid 
waiting at the airport is no fun ! 
what a fucking year it's been already :( 
