My little buttercup has the sweetest smile Dear little buttercup , won't you stay awhile Come with me where moonbeams paint the sky And you and I might linger in the sweet by and by , oh ... Dear little buttercup , with your eyes so blue Oh little buttercup , you ' re a dream come true You and I will settle down in a cottage built for two Oh , dear little buttercup , I love you ... Everybody ! 

No one is helping me sing My Little Buttercup . Fail . 
is going to Seattle tomorrow . Coming back Sunday . Don't miss me too much ! 
is sunburnt . It hurts . 
School admins and such dont even know what they are doing . At all . 
is excited for half days till Sept . 21st ! and half days ever Friday ! 
I'm a Goofy Goober !! 
why so much homework ?! 
is done with men . You guys suck . 
You men still suck . 
People are going crazy over this mormal thing . I do not like it . 
is tired of homework . And Im not even half done . Completely dreading winter quarter ..... 
W.W.T.W.T.D. ? 
wants a < PROPMALE > . Suprised at how much she liked the movie . Actually going to have to read the books now .... darn . 
< PROPMALE > : I bought this in a muggle shop ! Muggles wear them ! Ministy Official : Muggle women wear them , < PROPMALE > , not the men . They wear these . < PROPMALE > : I'm not putting them on ! I like a healthy breeze round my privates , thanks ! Ministry Official : Ugh ..... 
Does it ever get easier ? 
Why are guys and girls so different ? Im starting to think that something is extremely wrong . I just dont see how the genders go together .... 
is ready for a change . Not a real big one though .... 
is ready for Christmas to be over . HUMBUG ! 
Boys are dumb . 
wants to relax . 
needs more time !!! 
I've been working all week . I'm tired and I don't want to sleep and I want to have fun . It's time for a good time . 
I am tired of school . 
I just got 90% on my psychology test !!! Be proud ! 
Has anybody ever heard of the National Youth Leadership Forum on Medicine ? They sent me a letter ... well they sent it to my parents . It says I've been nominated to attend whatever it is in < PROPMALE > . I would love to know whatever you guys know about it ! 
is off to read her psychology chapter of the weeeek ! 
Dear heart : Sorry for all the skipped beats and the breaking lately . I'm not the one to blame . It's all his fault . 
JUST GOT 98% ON HER PSYCHOLOGY TEST !!!! 
is getting sick of \We should < PROPFEMALE > out . \ " It NEVER happens . She is also getting sick of waiting on a certain someone to miss his \ " real\ " friends enough to actually < PROPFEMALE > out with them . Wouldn't that be a sight ! She's thinking about just NOT WAITING anymore . Too bad she's such a softie on the inside ... deep inside ... " 
I think it's funny how you guys are all like \Time for homework\ " and I only got out of bed 2 hours ago ... YAY for no homework !! " 
is just absolutely LOVING how NOTHING changed .... 
is tired of school . And life ; mostly because I don't have one though ... 
doesn't want to go to school tomorrow . It's getting old . And yet , I still have like at least 5 more years of it . NONSENSE ! 
is ready to be the girl she used to be again . 
is seriously sick of school . 
wants someone to cuddle with . Besides her pets . 
had an awkward moment with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > after school today ... he ... he TALKED to US ! That fiend ! 
We're men ! ( Manly men ! ) We're men in tights ! 
Why would god do this to girls ?! 
registered for fall 2010 . Closer than she thought she was to her 2 year degree ! Sadly won't graduate high school with it , though . 
If you wanna make the world a better place , take a look at yourself and then make a change . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ( OR whoever wrote his songs .... ) 
is trying to paint her nails . She's failing , to say the least . 
had a fun day doing her spanish project with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Zach ! I'm just not sure what to do with the makeup .... I'm pretty much a masterpiece right now ( thanks to Zach ) , and I don't wanna ruin it . On the other hand , < PROPFEMALE > and I keep on missing each other ..... 
How do I always always always end up saying the WRONG thing ?! 
Why are people so cunfusing ?!? 
I just don't even understand people . They drive me insane . I give up . 
is ready for summer . Right now . C'mon . Hurry . I do believe I deserve a break after the year that I've had .... 
Okay . So I didn't send out \Free iPad Giveaway\ " messages . I'm sorry to whoever got them ! I'm not sure where they came from .... " 
Graduation was fun ! Even though it wasn't mine ... :( Oh well . I'm glad I went . And I need more fun ! Facebook Friends : this is for you ! Get me out and having fun ! After the 17th ( that's my last final at CBC ) . DO IT ! 
So we're talking . He wants it to be about him , then about me . He throws a complete BF about it . So I give it to him . Then after we talk about him , he leaves . WTF ?! Guys say girls are confusing , but they need to look in the freaking mirror !! I seriously do not understand guys ! 
Tomorrow is my last day at RHS for this year !!! 
I'm way excited !! ( Too bad I still have an essay due tomorrow ... ) 
NEVER AGAIN !!!!! 
Okay .... So there's this boy ..... 
I finished chapter three in Government last night ! This morning .... Last night ? I finished chapter 3 at one in the morning ! 
I just finished chapter 4 in government !!!! 
Just finished chapter 5 in Government !!!!! I sleep now ! 
I am halfway done with summer school !! Yay ! 
I never thought that I would say this .... but .... I like the movies waaay more than I am ever going to like the books ! 
Yesterday = Epic Fail . People are stupid and I don't understand them . Enough said . 
I'm seriously considering the possibility that I imagined all of my friends up . They've seemed to disappeared .... Thanks guys . I love you too . 
Well don't I feel loved ? 
was somewhat sad . Then she realized that she shouldn't spend so much time and energy and caring on people that just don't care about her . She quits . Good luck pretending to make up for this one , guys . ( And this is not intended for < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Alaire or < PROPFEMALE > [ Whos name should have a Q in it . Embrace the Q ! ] . I love you four ! ) 
So now , after thinking it over , I just want to know why . 
Maybe I'm letting this get to me way to much , but it hurts . Especially since we were friends since the fifth grade and longer . I wish I understood people . :/ 
I want you guys to be honest with me . Brutally honest . Am I seriously so uncool that half of my friends don't even want to < PROPFEMALE > out with me ? 
I AM DONE WITH SUMMER SCHOOL !!!!!!!!!!!!! I just have to check in once next week to make sure everything is squared away , and then I'M FREE !!! 
What do I want for my birthday ? 
I'll be out of my mind , and you'll be out of ideas pretty soon , so let's spend the afternoon in a cold hot air balloon 
Thank you for all th birthday wishes ! You guys are so sweet ! 
I love rainbow cake !! 
So I've come to the realization that I will never understand people . Never . And I think I'll be very happy with my 10 cats . And 3 dogs . Maybe a couple of fish , too ... 
After everything , I think I'm pretty okay with my life now . I just wish that others would realize that it is , in fact , MY life ... I don't need nor want their approval or permission . They should get that through their thick skulls . ;) 
And I just can't keep living this way | So starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage | I'm standing up , I'm a face my demons | I'm manning up , I'm a hold my ground | I've had enough , now I'm so fed up | Time to put my life back together right now ! 
So . First two days at school , and he didn't even look at me . At all . Walked right past me , too . I really didn't want to believe that our friendship was over , but now there's no denying it . Why do things end like this ? 
I was really disappointed in Hanford the other night ..... My cousins said they were better than that ! 
is freaking out again .... 
I just absolutely love writing !!! 
I just absolutely hate school !!! 
I love posting things when people think it's < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I hate how , because I'm 17 , no one thinks I can make my own decisions . This is a < PROPMALE > one , I'll admit that . But I know what I want . Why do they think that they can run my life for me ? 
It's not even October yet , and I'm already sick of school . 
I am now registered for the SAT . I'm kind of scared for it . 
< PROPFIRST > told me that we're a ninth of the way through this school year . Wooo . 
I wish my friends were better . Or that I had better friends . :| 
Put my two favorite senior pictures up ! Go tell me which one to put on the yearbook ! Please ? 
Halloween fails this year . What a disappointment . 
I can't wait for Christmas break .... I need time to work on my stories . I've been neglecting them . 
Seniors failed . I sat there , freezing , for the whole game . I'm quite disappointed . 
I bought this in a muggle shop ! Muggles wear them ! 
The soul never thinks without a picture . - Aristotle 
Pre-calculus is ruining my life . 
I want more snow ! I want to go sledding again .... 
It's snowing !!!!! We are so going sledding soon !! 
Imagination is more powerful than knowledge . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
I think last night was a success ! But next time , we're going potluck style ! 
School ruins my life . But knitting helps put it back together :) 
I love having fun with friends :) 
I hate Christmas . 
So , I know I complain ( a lot ) , and I know they are a bit crazy , but at the end of the day .... I love my family :) 
I want you all to know thy it sucks to be the only one trying . :( 
I just cried for Dobby . 
School ? Yeah . Officially my enemy . 
Katara to Aang ( while Zuko's attacking Kyoshi Island ): it's not your fault ! \ 
My dad : it IS your fault , because you're the Avatar ... \ 
\ 
WIN . :) 
Mouse traps got me thinking .... Is Disney World a people trap made by < PROPFIRST > Mouse ? 
You make my frown turn upside down , and now my worries are gone :) 
Right now , I hate my life . :( 
I think I'm despairing right now .... Homework is terrible , especially when I've been doing the same assignment the whole weekend because that's just how long it is , and I still have three other assignments . :( 
My skull's so full it's tearing me apart !! 
That boy is a monster .... 
You can whistle really loud , you know that ? 
So ... I just lost a spider in my room and now I can't sleep .... 
You- you fiendish chain you ! 
This is so not worth it . 
< PROPFEMALE > , get out of my laboratory ! 
Someday , I'll be a knight . 
I wish I had friends . 
You have been weighed ; \ 
You have been measured ; \ 
And you absolutely have been found wanting . Welcome to the new world . God save you , if it is right that he should do so . 
I'm tired of 5-7 < PROPFEMALE > papers . 
You're going to need a bigger boat . 
It's party time ! Excellent ! 
I hate being sick . 
I really hate how no one tells me anything , and then I find out through Facebook . 
I'm ready for summer . 
I really hate not knowing what to do . 
I have absolutely no motivation to do all my pre-calc homework . None . I seriously want to drop it . 
You dare use my own spells against me ? 
Officially out of pre-calc !!!!!! Happiest day of my life !!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Learned how to purl ! I'm a happy girl ! 
Big smile , like you mean it :) 
So . Why does Monday have a morning ? 
You make me feel stuffed ... with feelings ! \ 
Plus , I don't need to unbutton my pants ! 
After running start : 6 classes till my two year degree !!!!!! Super excited !!! 
I'm so sick of being so serious \ 
It's makin ' my brain delirious 
I hate how I have no life . 
If I had a world of my own , everything would be nonsense . 
Curse you for breathin ' ya slack-jawed idiot ! 
You owe me a dance 
I officially hate my life more than ever . 
I have no plans to eat anyone . 
Are you staring at me or her ? ' Cause you're starting to freak me out . 
Have you any idea why a < PROPFEMALE > is like a writing desk ? 
Welcome to the war . 
100 days ( including weekends ) til graduation !!! 
I hate it here . 
It was the best 30 seconds of my life ! :) 
Get off my plane . 
Did you just hit me in my neck with a toothpaste cap ? 
Is there like , a point system ? Or is it ... to the death ? 
Twinkle twinkle little bat ... \ 
How I wonder where you're at ... 
Rise and shine ! It's butt whipping time ! 
Now that is a very sensitive subject . 
I wish I knew how to Futterwacken . 
So get your knees flexing and your arms T-rexing and then creep ! Do the creep ! 
My horoscope says \Someone will recommend a good book today . \ " < PROPFEMALE>'s coming over soon to lend me a book . Hah . " 
Don't be a drag , just be a < PROPFEMALE > 
Excellent notion ! 
I GOT A JOB ( FINALLY) !!!!!!! 
Just watched < PROPFIRST > and the Giant Peach . I really want a peach now ... 
I am the shadow on the < PROPFEMALE > at night / Filling your dreams to the brim with fright ! 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > . March 17th , 2011 . 6:52 pm . 
