going to bed sleepy .... nite all 

HAPPY SWEETEST DAY TO ALL MY SWEETIES , YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE !!! 
can't sleep itchy all over , allergies !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Looking forward to another wonderful year with < PROPFIRST > . Happy New year to all my Family , close friends and all my Facebook friends 
thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in His keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have a loved one in Heaven 
Going to pick up my new baby , a new cat , woo hoo !!!!! 
LOOK TWICE -- SAVE A LIFE , MOTORCYCLES ARE EVERYWHERE !! Repost this to your status to remind all of your family/friends that it is motorcycle season , and taking a few extra seconds to take a second look will save lives of our loved ones . Give them their fair share of the roadway . It IS Bike Week - everyone be careful out there ! 
April 24 - May 1st is National Infertility Awareness Week . As you play with your kids today , or tuck them into bed tonight , please take a minute to empathize with the millions of couples out there struggling to achieve what you have . If you or someone you love is affected by infertility , please post this in your status this week to show your support . 
I might not be the most beautiful or the \ 
sexiest ... nor have the most perfect body ... I might not be anyone's first\ 
choice ... but I am a GREAT choice ... I don't pretend to be someone \ 
else ... because I'm too good at being ME , I might not be proud of some of\ 
the things I've done ... but I am proud of who I am today , Take me as \ 
... I am or don't take me at all ~ Copy & post if you love to live \ 
your life being you ! 
I just want to thank everyone who wished me a HB , you all mean more to me than you could ever know . I am very Blessed to have all of you , I love you all . 
Only an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend ! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces & nephews , post this as your status ! 
Unfortunately ... most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on ...... you ... status ... I dare you !! 
Therecomes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if ......... you ......... agree .. null 
To all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , salons cuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , latenights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change it for anything . let's see how many moms repost this . Moms who don't care about about what they gave up but love what they got in return ! repost this if you're a mom and love your children . 
I'm fluent in three languages : English , Sarcasm , and Profanity . 
HAPPY SWEETEST DAY TO ALL MY FB FRIENDS . DON'T FORGET TO SHOW YOUR SWEETIE HE OR SHE IS STILL #1 . 
All of you that Bowl on our Senior League , YES we are bowling on Friday at our usual time . See you all there 
??????????????? ????? ????????????????? It's Nieces ' Week ! If you have a beautiful niece or nieces that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime ! ??????????????? ????? ????????????????? 
My mom made me laugh . . . wiped my tears . . . hugged me tight . . . watched me succeed . . . saw me fall . . . cheered me on . . . kept me going strong . . . and . . . drove me a little crazy at times . . . but moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever !... I love you Mom ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful mom whom you love . 
Going to Louisville for a full body message , Boy do I love it !!!!!! 
HAPPY ST . PATRICKS DAY EVERYONE 
REPOSTING : Attention FB friends ! Some applications are sending not too nice messages under your identity . If you don't want to get in trouble with your friends , copy paste this message ! And if you receive a nasty message from me , rest assured I'm not the one who sent it ! 
