A new year :) time to get to work 

waitin to see the new movie with < PROPFIRST > black lol commercials lookin pretty awesome , back to illinois soon 
wonderin why people keep jumpin in front of bullets thinkin everythin will be okay if they can jus survive the metal .. did they forget about the scars ? (of course its a figure of speech ) 
sooo tired ... lol 
'' Let em be assured we remain strong at heart , No force wieldin the ability to stop what we did not fear to start''--anonymous 
someone get me a big rock 
get your lazy asses to school lol 
bought a car =) gonna spend the day workin on i with my brothers 
=) 
Got no idea what lifes got in store for me an i couldnt care less . No matter what ill be doin what i do best an thats bein me 
sometimes you just gotta keep pushing forward .. literally 
it aint over yet . not even close 
: loving life 
\Falling sucks yet as i struggle to my feet i can see where everyone stands . \"" 
cant reply on facebook messaging so dont bother with it , use the mail if anything 
Day off finally , spendin most of it at the gym 
Indestructable 
Just had the most satisfying workout , shower then work at 5 
off work for the rest of the day , finally =) 
jus got off a 10 to 5 shift .. goin to work again at 9 to midnight . sucks to say ive worked more than that in a day . goin to the gym 
Listenin to the gangster song over an over lol =) . Today's schedule : Reading , Laundry , Gym , Work . 
Gym 
This is exactly why you DONT spend the last 30 on bath towels ... hopefully everyone understand now 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ! you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer it no matter what . You have my FULL honesty , but DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get ... 
my turn =) 
keep thinkin my cell is a touch screen lmao 
Just off work :) morning 
time to finish downloadin for my ipod . couple more hours 
.. im tired ... =) 
Workk I . Three hours . Tired . Fuck 
back from the gym . laundry , shower , relaxing 
going to bed 
great fucking workout ! yes !! haha 
Core is sore as hell .. great workout 
well it was supposed to be my day off 
surprisingly i had alot of fun today after work lol =) lookin forward to doin it again . Just remembered i still havent slept .. lmao 
I think the sky should be green .. but then the grass would have to be blue and If that happened the ocean would be yellow and the sun brown . Before you know it the entire world is upside-down . 
Only working 2 hours tomorrow !! Lmao :) so happy 
Now has a key to the store ... =) 
Jus got through with the workout . Left thinkin now if it was good to get me where I wanna be . 
Just another slow day at subway 
\Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there's footprints on the moon . \"" 
Had the best night ever with my brothers and nilahn .. happy easter everyone :) 
Such a pleasant surprise tonight :) 
Wow ... such a good movie 
Jus back from some light training .. training 6 days a week now and feeling good . Still thinking about what nilahn was telling me . 
Sooo tired .. 
Only my mind would take a pile of laundry and make out to like a viscious tiger . So realistic it scared the $&*% outta me ... goin back to bed . Gotta love your imagination . 
The new store is officially open for business :) . Off to work 
Hahaha no wonder my dream had a soundtrack to it , I left my iPod playing :) 
It All Comes Down To Who's By Your Side . 
Wondering if goin to sleep would even be the best idea considering I have to be up at 5 
Just got the news :) I am officially the assistant manager at my store . Woke up at five an got to work at 6 , just got home ( that's 12 hours ) lol gotta get ready and go party with nilahn . 
Talkin to my momma . Alls good :) 
Happy new year !! 
Tired of all the guess work , of all the what if's and maybes . Things should be straight up and clear but they always have to be made difficult . 
Waitin til 6 Lying down 
sooo tired . great night though =) 
Promotion on Saturday ... and a raise on Monday =] thinks can't possibly get any better lol 
It can be really tough sometimes .. you forget and when you check back things die on you .. life dispersed into nothing after all your hard work and all you can do is try and reclaim what you lost by starting over ... farmville will be the death of me lol ah well , time to work out anyway :) 
Why sleep when I have to be up in three hours anyway ? 
Late for work 
Training again .... tired lol do not wanna get up from this bed 
\you only dislike it if you hate deliciousness . \ " :) " 
Home sweet home until 9 tonight 
Wow .. burning up . fever , headache , cough , stuffy nose ... no idea where this came from but not liking it .. =( 
K .. I know I'm not that sick .. where did i leave my pants ? 
time to pick up < PROPFIRST > then heading home =) 
Feels like my leg is broken in two places 
hate my job more than ever .. 
Old Farm waitin for < PROPFIRST > to get off work 
todays been an eventful one , though not all the ones i would've liked and others missing i would have preferred and yet i'm still grateful ... :) 
So good 
Living beyond my circumstances :) 
Happy 18th birthday little brother :) 
starting the search for my new champaign apartment 
Waking up early was a bad idea . Got nothing to do now :) 
Shadow boxing in the morning :) 
Always finding a way =) 
hi im < PROPFIRST > i like to leave my facebook open on my super cool awesome brothers laptop . im also a tool and not as cool as him . no he didnt write this , it would be foolosh to think such a thought ... def leppard rules .. 
gonna be a good day =) 
going for a run , nothin else to do lol 
Busy day tomorrow , pay day though =) lookin forward to it . 
sooo ready to fall asleep 
another awesome time at work =) home now wanting to do something but nothin planned =( lol 
nothin like a good days sleep =) just woke up 
\It sounds like a brutal sport but it's just a technique . It's just an art \"- Mike < PROPMALE > " 
.. I already know , I'm just waiting for the words\ 
to come outta your mouth and say it yourself . 
goin out , gonna make this a good night . 
Good Morning !! =) Sooo much to do today 
Lunch !! =) 
Dang ... 
Training in 20 minutes , say what you gotta say before i stop messagin back for the next 3 hours =) 
Always enjoys good conversation =) 
I plan on living forever ... So far so good . 
Waitin for my < PROPMALE > =) should be here soon 
Golds gym for another hour or so 
Dammit !! I did it again ! 
Just realized how awesome the lyrics from Three doors down Kryptonite is 
Drivin home . Ill text all you people back soon as I get there . 
finally caught up with everyones messages !! never thought it would be possible haha 
No work until 4 , Layin in bed til then .. sounds like a plan =) 
Tired .. so ready to go home 
Bored . Waitin for my brothers to wake up !! 
Time to hit the gym 
=((((( saddest movie ever ... 
work tomorrow morning .. no idea what time though lol gonna be awesome 
I honestly don't care anymore =) 
\I've risen to heights where noone can touch \ 
Textin , shower , bed . =] 
I love lamp 
=( .... it'a to early to move , why is my fridge so far away ?? Note to self , move fridge next to bed . 
Subway cookies never looked so good ... >=] 
Have not slept since 7 yesterday morning .. pretty sure im gettin tired 
Just realized the im working til 5 today =( 
Man this is hard work .. but it will be worth it . 
Best workout of my entire life !!! 
I am not a fan of one word messages so when you ask me why I stopped replying that's why lol keep it interesting 
Question-\Who are you ? \ " Answer -\" Ask me again in 20 years and I'll be able to tell you . \"" 
Pretty sure the world has sold out of dum dums 
got a tire with my name on it waitin for me , time to get to work . 
Subway then the gym =) 
\The biggest risk in life is not taking one . \"- Enrique De < PROPFIRST > " 
Not a day goes by where I am not improving . 
'' if it aint fixed dont broke it . '' -carlos de < PROPFIRST > . lmao , main reason why people need their sleep haha 
1000 kicks ? Are you serious ? 
Workin til 4 but I don't mind I guess . Alot on my mind 
There's no right , There's no wrong . There is only popular opinion . 
Where is this woman at ! Its so hottt !!! 
leg messed up .. can't train .. can't work .. gonna go crazy just sitting here ! 
stupid leg ... get better already =( 
layin around all day isnt gonna work , gotta atleast try to do something 
stupid orange , let me eat you !! why is the peel so hard to get off ?? =( 
legs killin me but moneys gotta come from somwhere .. back to work 
\Nobody could ever expect more of me than myself . \"" 
Another day sitting at home 
working 6 to 4 tomorrow 
Really wants this day to go well 
So johns leaving to texas .. im going with him 
June 18th 
Going back to training . can't wait anymore 
i hate trust , somehow it always screws you over in the end ! 
watchin the brothers kick each others ass lol always intertaining haha 
ima tool 
Walking to work cause my brother is a moron ... 
Chillin at subway with < PROPFEMALE > an < PROPFIRST > lmao 
I if only I knew it was gonna rain when I started running .. i woulda ran faster haha 
\They can put a man on the < PROPFEMALE > but they can't serve an egg mcmuffin past 10:30 a.m. can't figure it out . ''" 
\DO NOT insult journey \"" 
right now ... there is a single fly flying around and i can hear it ... it must be destroyed 
Another chapter in my life is about to close .. 
The gold of god 
Bubbly !!! 
goin on a run with my cousin =) lovin the weather 
Has been offered a job as a muay Thai instructor .. :) amazing 
well it was fun , talk to u all in another couple days =) 
chillin with my cousin , no idea what day it is ... =) worry free 
=) .. nut said 
:) nuf said 
Dinner with the family 
\well maybe i shouldve dressed up as < PROPFEMALE > claus and shove the beers under my coat . \"- its for the elves . \"\"" 
New number 9562815567 
\lets just begin this whole conversation were about to have with me saying i dont care and get right to the part where i go do something stupid anyway . \ " =) " 
Couldn't possibly be any more pissed than i am right now .. 
Just home from teaching the Muay thai class . A total of 5 hours at the gym and loved every minute 
Great day at the gym . Another class tomorrow . Might be opening our own gym later . 
270 fights , 250 wins , 90 knockouts 
So many licenses needed for a tournament in the valley . Who knew . 
It seems that every gym says that they are the best . Well lets put it to the test for once . Trying to set up something with all the gyms in the area involved . Lets see what happens . 
Why is there a band named rock of ages ( def leppard ) butchering a journey song on tv ? What is the world coming to .. 
Oh come on if you dont laugh it just seems mean 
Has decided to take up fishing 
Nothin funnier than watchin my mom beat up my brother an my dad get after both of em lol 
\Tired of people using religion to justify the terrible things they do \"" 
Tired .. Goin to bed early tonight 
Knee is finally getting better . Thank god . Lessons learned ? Check the kick ! 
Touchdown !!! 
Dang . Mandelas a smart man 
Been waitin for the football game to start just for my brother to tell me the tv was on the wrong channel wtf lol 
< PROPFIRST > 
Great day at the gym today . I couldnt love life more then at this very moment . this is how it feels to have a job you love . 
Over conceited tae kwon do person shoulda known better than to jump in the ring an try an show off . He won't be doing that again .. Some people need to find their place .. But awesome day at the gym lol 
Sittin at the end of a couch with nothin but a lamp an a clock radio that doesn't even have the right time but chill music .. We can all agree life is best when its simple 
\Stop takin pictures of my toes punk ! \"" 
Tired , bored , hungry .. 
Goin for a walk . Gym around 5 . Class starts at 6 . Show at 9 
Exercise in this country should be manditory 
Hit the gym early this morning for a sparring session . Heading back in at the usual time for the regular workout 
Almost morning . Time for bed =) 
Damn im fast lol . Hadn't realised it til they got me on video at the gym . There is a time for modesty but this is not of em haha great mood 
Gym training done . Shower then fight night at buffalos 
Awesome day today . Spent the day with my three cousins who i havent seen in over 5 years . They really grew up lol . 
Not understanding why someone would become a \fan\ " of breast cancer . Evil evil people lol " 
Tv news lady-\Coming up another reason why smoking is a bad habit you should kick . \ " my first thought- \ " yeah cause dying isnt bad enough right \"" 
Life wont wait for you . Stop waiting on everyone else . You want something , make it happen . 
No fate but what we make . 
Hungry as hell .. Sittin on the stove starin at the fridge ... I bet there aint no damn food in there . 
Training starting @ 6 30 today . Dont be late . 
A total of 4 students got hurt in training . One was bleeding from a thai elbow . Today was crazy lol 
This is lookin to be an awesome next three days . Cant wait for tomorrow to get here . 
Never play hangman with someone who spells fried as fride 
Popular ! found it . Dumbass you thought i wasnt gonna find it but i did . - my brother solving a crossword 
The fun officially starts tonight ! Just gotta finish up at the gym then the rest of the day is mine . Saturday just as awesome then headin to the beach sunday 
Missing the intensity 
And yet after all this time i still find myself dreaming of you . 
Really hoping for a completely pointless an random dream tonight . 
Bout ready to go to bed ... yeahhh .. 
Maxed the treadmill at 12.5 < PROPMALE > per hour during training today . Just another day 
\You are the only person who can take hangman and turn into 20 questions . Just pick a f --- ing letter !!! \ " Lmao " 
This sucks so much !!.. Missin my brothers already 
Grow up 
Thanks everyone this day definitely beats every other birthday ever 
Watchin anchorman . Best movie ever lol 
' What are you doing ? \ \ " Trying to think . \ " \ " Oh .. Let me sit down this might take a while .. \"" 
Stranger danger ! Stranger danger ! 
\ Mrs. Tweedy ?.. Your that b ! % #h who tried to kill them chickens . \ " lmao " 
'' That movie blows . \ \ " it was based off some guys life . \ " \ " Well his life blows . \"" 
Got my lucky coin from 1871 in my pocket . No way tonight will be anythin but perfect . 
I just realised i have absolutely no idea what the date is lol alls i know is were in december an its a friday . 
Dont know if i should be taking whats going on as signs .. 
Ive seen all the sites there is to see where im headed . Right now i just want to get there already . 
Weslaco 
\Perspective changes everything . \"" 
San < PROPFIRST > 
7 down , 26 more hours to go 
For a big bus it sure has a gay little horn . Damn thing sounded like the roadrunner . Ah well 7 more hours . 
doogie housins gay ? < PROPFIRST > from everybody loves raymonds dead ... when did this happen 
Is in the process of inventing powdered water . 
Hmm ... whatever kinda look you were goin for .. you missed lol 
isnt worried bout the environment .. itll go away 
< PROPFIRST > Rhoads ... =( 
Is wondering : Since light travels faster than sound , is that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak ? 
gots a new favorite song for now :) 
work at 4 .. its gonna suck lol but not alone tonight 
haha ... spongebob :) 
quick workout , shower , work , home . day off tomorrow hopefully :) 
Another all nighter ?? probably :) 
Time for manswers 
bought some canned food .. realised later when i was hungry i didnt own a CAN OPENER ! 
I CANNOT BE DEFEATED !!! 
< PROPFIRST > and my phone call . beginning : < PROPFIRST > - \Hey man .. \ " me- your an idiot ! \ " Shut up lol\ " me- ... ill be right there\ " haha end of call " 
You can tell when someone is broken mentally because they stop fighting to win and start fighting not to lose-GSP 
There is now living proof that angels do exist . 
\Whats one thing you want to see before you die ? \ " \ " .... Heaven . So i know it's there and i can stop worrying . \"" 
Be yourself , everyone else is taken . 
Seriously cant wait any longer til the package from thailand comes in ... its gonna be awesome :))) 
Time to start the day 
feeling amazing 
The girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The boy you just called stupid ? Has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . \ 
There's a lot more to people than you think . \ 
Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
YUP , did it again . had a dream about you . was it the first ? nope . was it the last ? probably not . 
This is a game of consistency , hard work , and < PROPFEMALE > . The more consistent and dedicated you are the better the results . 
God I wanna - so bad .. 
This night just got extremely interesting ... :) 
So much to say but not the words to express it . :) great day , nuf said 
Some final destination shit just happened to my cell :( i stood up and the cord to the phone charger got pulled and swung it hard as hell into the wall .. how does that happen ??? 
So much for the white girls 
brother to my mom -\get me a beer\ " -mom smacks my brother across the head- \ " oww you son of a bitch ! \ " lmfao " 
There are some things in this world that just arent worth trying to figure out haha 
cashing that check first thing in the mornin :) 
