I hate stupid ppl !! 

jus got outa the field . best field experiance ever , we had SHOWERS !!! 
shaved my mustache .. oh well itll grow back . 
well just incase you ppls is wondering .. i am in kuwait . it is a dust bowl and its hot . no humidity !! so its not too bad . just get tired of the sand storms . but i am doing well , keep me in your prayers and ill keep you in mine ! love yall !! 
Hot , confused .... hydrated though 
In kuwait still ppls ! waiting on one of those fantastic army planes . i guess the classic motto struck again ... \hurry up and wait \"" 
heading to iraq in the morn . ill keep in touch , love yall ! 
going on vacation for a lil bit . be back soon ! looking forward to march 
tired 
chillen in Iraq 
thank yall for the \happy veterans day\ " !! back to ya drink one for me ;) !! " 
working since 1600 local .... bored , dont get off till 0400 .... new job at the airport .. blah ! 
Missing all my peeps . tired .... 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !... iraq is cold , gtg workout soon !!! 
bored , cant sleep ! 
worked out hard almost time for sleep ! 
no i do not wish to translate facebook .!!! 
~ ~ I wanna go FAST !! ~ ~ 
just another day in Iraq . 
Its a cold day in Iraq ! ( i thought this was hell ) :D j/k 
y not Im bored-Copy this into your status and see what people rate you ... 1 : Crazy 2:I'd marry you 3 : Talkative 4 : Sarcastic 5 : Loveable 6 : Clubhead 7 : Moody 8 :D umb 9 : Spolied 10 : Mouthy 11 : Random 12 : Hot 13 : Funny 14 : Fit 15 : Amazing 16 : Tough 17 : Cute 18 : BF/GF Type 19 : Player 20 : The Best 
\Whats on your mind ? \"- nothing " 
Tired .. Sleepy .. Going to Sleep ! 
Worked too hard today . Tired and dirty now , boots falling apart ; overall IM GREAT . ( not even being sarcastic ! ) 
Ready to go home . 
LONG DAY AT WORK ! Glad to be off , 6 more days ! 
OH HELL !!!! THE WORST SANDSTORM YET !! AND I WAS WALKING IN IT ! 
BORED IN BALAD , STUCK WAITING .. forard progress is being made though , no complaints there . 
in germany , the home of pollocks . ( or is that poland ? ) 
back in alasad cant wait to leave 
haven't been on facebook in a while , so HI and bye it might be another couple of months before I stop in again . 
nerviousness . 
loving my baby boy . I cant wait to meet him . 
Tired of shaving everyday , I want my go-tee back . Maybe some different clothes ? WTF I'm not institutionalized . Ready to be home with family and friends , see my son for the first time . And go look at our f*ed up beaches ... Thanks BP any army ppl waanna join in a lawsuit I think we have a case !! 
BLAH 
~ And it won't be long , till I get on back home . ~ 
waiting patiently to get home and see everyone . No offence but I'm tired of seeing you people here in Iraq , maybe you will look better in Florida . 
Love looking at pics of my boy , and fiance waiting for moments to come . 
Me saying I'm ready to get out of Iraq is a understatement . 
~ A couple more hours and we will be through . ~ 
Indiana here I come . Maybe . 
Glad to be home ! 
My new number is 850 631 0475 
Eating in tally happy 4th everyone ! 
WARNING dishwasher may explode ! Contents under pressure ! But don't worry the mess is cleaned up now . 
Back in south florida . Love the weather . 
Love my wife for letting me do my own thing . 
Enjoying my party with family and friends . Awesomest ! 
It's peanut butter and jelly time ! ( dont ask ) 
Thanks all for the bday wishes . 
Back at work still feeling a little dehydrated but I'll be strong 
Sitting in pier park bout to go register for yellow ribbon . Fun stuff . 
Movie time . 
Well I wanted the noles to win . Yet again I'm disapointed n them . Maybe the byu game next week that I'm going to will make me feel better . * sad face * 
4 words- how bout them noles !!!! 
Jimbo fishers age 45 florida state score while dominating maimi 45 me messing with all the upset fans .... Priceless ... Go noles 
Thank you Iraq for introducing me to my wife , the great experience , the pay , and giving me the free xbox 360 . Haha . 
Two gingers don't make a right .... Don't ask ... 
Hey FB Im selling my ' 01 Ford Ranger and ' 03 Honda CBR954 anyone interested hit me up at 8506310475 or on FB ! 
New shower arrangement . 6shower heads on three poles . Kinda crowded . 
