Happy New year everybody ! Enjoy it while it lasts cause it'll only last 365 days ... 

I got new insence ! it's named \Catipilars Dreams\ " .... kinda smells like pot . " 
\I think I should open up a vietnamese restraunt 
Gonna go to bed now ..... night ! 
It's raining ! although you probly didn't need to hear that from facebook to know it . 
Listening to \ Who'll Stop the Rain\ " by CCR ! " 
I'm hungry ..... 
Had a dentist appointment today !!!! * cries 
Damm , gotta go to work for the weekend . 
got a day off from work , don't have to go back till friday ! 
Don't gotta go back to camp till friday ! 
Yea , School is OVER , cept for finals ........ 
schedual for tommarrow- Go to fianl , finsih final , go home , go to dentist , go home again , get packed for < PROPFIRST > , go to < PROPFIRST > , stay at < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
back from < PROPFIRST > ! Now , i sleep .... 
So my new nickname is , < PROPMALE > \ The Iron Poleski\ " Bralynski .... thanks < PROPFIRST > " 
I'mmmmmmmmmm bored ........ 
I got so burnt on Sunday from cannoning without my shirt on ... 
has got to pack for canada soon . 
Good news of the day : Found out i don't have Diabetes ! Also my heart is cholesterol free !! 
Happy 4th of July ! Wish I had people who'd invite me to a party ...... 
is gonna go take a nap . 
Can't sleep , My room is hotter then topica ! I might fall asleep in front of the Fan ... 
I Love Air Conditioning ! 
Ahhhh ! One day till Canada and I'm still not packed ! 
Got a South American < PROPMALE > Person hat for Canada ! 
OMG , Canada Was amazing , their < PROPFEMALE > is so much better then ours ! 
Going up to < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! 
Omg < PROPFIRST > week 2 is OVER ! Tornado passed right over our heads like legit directly over US !!!!!! 
9 Hrs till < PROPFIRST > ..... YEA ! 
Time to go back into Hibernation ! 
Philosophical Thoughts I've had while working at a shooting range at a camp for eight year olds : If you had to choose between being a Nazi or being Gay which would you choose ? 
Going to < PROPFIRST > Tomorrow ! Gonna be Sa-weet ! Bringing up Gears o War 2 !!!!!! 
So tired ....... need sleep . Pissed off about missing Manhunt tho ....... 
Fianlly saw the movie Avatar ..... Not bad . 
Okay back from < PROPFIRST > ... really tired and whats this 99 notifications .... that's a little bit more then usual . 
My little cousins finally left ! Now I can get some well deserved rest ..... 
might be going up to wild wood for two days ! 
Leaving for Wildwood in a few hours ! 
just got home from wildwood ! Had a great time . LOVED waken up at 10 walking to the dinner then getting back and going back to bed ... 
can't wait for school , I mean summers nice and all , but there's only so many times where I can take waken up and doing nothing all day ... 
I'm so bored , anyone wanna do anything ? 
O yea ! School starts tomorrow !!!! I should probably find my binder ... 
Well ain't that a bitch ... 
If thers one thing that'll cheer me up its watching my favorite show It's always Funny in Philadelphia . 
Man this years gonna be long , first day of school and I already hate the place ... 
Just got back from soccer practice , think we got a good team this year ... 
Just sitting here chilling to my music , txt me if you wanna chat .... I'm kinda bored . 
Can't remember what homework I had ... 
Having a Party at my house ! Cept it's just my Parents friends and my two sisters . 
Party was amazing !!! We had a bonfire ... burnt a church cross ... you know the usual .... 
Crazy Night last night ... Well Happy Labor day at least . 
So Bored ! 
Just finished ripping out our old fridge and installing our new fridge ! 
Ugh , Couldn't take the sign ! So depressed .......... jk 
Think I caught a cold from playing shirtless soccer in the middle of the night yesterday ... 
Funny how people can't tell each other how their truly feeling , instead they want you to catch them in the lie and decide for yourself what to do about it , instead of talking it out like civilized people . 
Thinking about the various perspectives of life and how they choose to interact with one another , but mostly I'm just hungry ... 
Chilling out to my new album by the temptations on my dad's old record player ! 
going camping this weekend ! 
Back from camping ! Got me a sweet belt buckle from WWII ! Also lost my soccer game 3-6 ... all in all had a great weekend . 
Finally done homework ! Can't wait for tomorrow tho ... and I got big surprise for everyone I go to school with ... and I mean Big ! 
So done with school , o well at least tomorrow is Friday ... the week went by so slowly ! 
sitting here listening to Techno music , thinking of making brownies ...? 
O SHIT ! Guess who made brownies for school ! Thatz right this kid ! Along with cookies and what i belief was supposed to be chocolate covered strawberry's! 
Going up to < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ... Can't wait to see how awkward it'll be ! 
Man , can't believe we have school tomorrow ... What CB , no love for colum ? 
School was awesome today ... Got to pretend I was a racist plantation owner ! Also intense game of Handball in gym ! 
Day 1 : Parents forgot to come home , must now begin to forage for what little food is available . As winter approaches I fear that without a proper food supply I will starve and die ... To anyone reading this , please pray for me . 
Great day today ! For a Monday . 
Just lost the majority if not all of the faith he's ever had in humanity ! Worst scout meeting ...... ever . 
ugh , long day ... School , stayed after to help out a friend , soccer practice , and now ... Home Work ! 
Bored , but what else is new ? 
BIRTHDAY PARTY TOMORROW !!!!! and guess who's invited , give ya a hint : it won't be any of you people !!! 
Birthday Tomorrow !!!! 
Thanks everyone for wishing me a happy birthday ! Yall come back now ya hear ! 
Camping trip was awesome , time to unpack get cleaned up and ... WHAT SOCCER GAME TOO ! Awwww , man ... 
Forgot to get < PROPFEMALE > for any kids ... Hopefully no one will come . 
is Tired , like really really really tired ... But can't fall asleep . Dam ... 
Just when I thought I got over you , here you are again .... Now what ? 
I just don't know what to think any more ... Plus now I have a stalker !!!! Yay .... me .... 
Rocking out to The Best Band < PROPFEMALE > ! ( aka : Pink < PROPMALE > ) on my 60\ T.V and my 4 2 ' tall surround sound speakers !!!! " 
Bla bla bla ... bla blaa blablablabla ..... BLA ! 
“I think of myself as an intelligent , sensitive human being with the soul of a clown which always forces me to blow it at the most important moments . ” – < PROPMALE > Morrison 
Tired .... Meeting was bad ... not really bad ... just bad .... Can't wait till Saturday ! 
Clear evidence that I do not understand math : Just spent 2 1/2 HOURS on 14 FUCKING QUESTIONS !!!!!! 
2 more days ! 
Camping trip was awesome ... Dope Course ... Ranger < PROPMALE > ..... and crazy lady with gay staff ! \ Ya stupid idiot face ! \ " < PROPFIRST > Cart/ Black Ops . Got sunburn from our fire ! FYI never go to cita scout reservation . " 
\Life is getting tough = God is afraid of your progress . \"- < PROPFIRST > Capitano " 
Chilling out to an old video of a Motley Crew concert ! Best way to spend thanksgiving ? Perhaps ..... 
Happy thanksgiving yalls ! it's snowing ! 
I find it hard to belief ... but , there is .... nothing ... to DO ! ( txt me ? ) 
odd day today ... started out with an odd dream involving Stalin , Churchill , F.D.R , me , and a slice of pizza . Which was then followed by gaming , cleaning my room , more gaming , and getting hit on by a gay hair cutter ! Then Pizza ! 
New hair cut+ New Shampoo+ Hands to feel it wit = UGHHHHHHGfhsdaf !!!!!!! ( Orgasmic sounds ) 
Off to the Scout Meeting I GO ! Also , thinking of getting a different profile pic .. IDEAS ? 
swimming to tomorrow ! Then Soccer practice ! Followed by sleeping !!!!!! 
click ' like ' if i have ever made you smile in your life , set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile : 
Gotta say , the Cartoon thing ... got to me ! Also , Samurai < PROPFIRST > was the best dam cartoon that's < PROPFEMALE > existed ! 
First Soccer game of the SEASON ! Go whatever color I am ... because we haven't had a practice yet ! 
So tiered , think I'll go to bed early , night everyone ! 
Last episode of The Walking Dead ! Then swimming tomorrow ! 
ughhhh , bla .... Scout meeting was fun today though ! Thinking bout wear my new pocket watch tomorrow !!! 
Very tiered ... bad day today , was hoping it would of been better . Tomarrows gonna be great though ! 
Watching Pink < PROPMALE > Vidos on youtube ... Been alive 17 years and this is still the only band that can ever get me out of a slump . 
Soccer today , fianlly know what color I am ! ( Green ) Wish me luck ! 
soccer was ok at best ... my teams not really what you would call the best soccer players inthe world . Although I did stop by a new flee market that opend up near by and got myself 3 antuiqe Katanas for $35 !!!!! along with some indian tea(Actully expencive ! ) and a loaf of chocoleat bread , a pound of peanut brittle , and various other seemingly expencive things for under $10 a pop !!!!!!!! 
Played Pool wit the family ... actually really fun ! 
Funny thing happened today , woke up looked at clock , saw that it was 6:40 ... FREAKED OUT ! Jumped like ten feet to the door , then realized it was Saturday ..... 
got soccer in the morning , team looking like we want a win ! Wish me luck ! 
AHHH ! Six days , till the pagan ritual of yule ! And I have yet to chop down a Yule tree or even get my best friend a wench for which he can marry when the snow falls ! Not to mention I haven't cooked anything for the forty days of St. Martian ! O yea , and the celebration of a fake date in history which marks the birth of the christian savior ! O woe is me ... 
Once again , I find myself at my computer , listing to Pink < PROPMALE > to calm down too , and taking a mental collection of the days events . txt me ? 
DAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK !!!!!!!! A LUNCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bus broke down ... had to wait a half hour in the school for anouther to come and get me .... yay start of break ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Gonna go down to my aunts and unwrap some gifts early ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone , unfortunately ... my family sleeps in REALLY late .... so i have yet to know what i got ... 
What did you dream ? It's alright we told you what to dream . 
All Day Twilight Zone MARATHON !!!!!!!!!! 
finally pulled out my yellow math workbook to study for the final exam ... saw there were 200 questions .... put yellow math workbook in my fireplace and walked away . 
NEW PHONE ! 
i keep forgetting I'm still a teenager and everyone i know actually watched skins ... i literary saw the commercial for that show about a week ago and said , \ Wow I'll bet no one is stupid enough to watch a show like that ! \"" 
For the sake of being original , i shall not describe a delay of any kind , i will in fact simply state that today i was able to get a reasonably good breakfast . 
My heart is being pulled from all directions , my mind in a million different places , but im only one person ... 
BEST NIGHT OF MY LIFE < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! Well sec best , next to the night i was born ... 
AHHHH ! No Finals ... at least until tomorrow ... :) 
YEA ! Go Green ! 1-11 !!!!!!!!!!! 
YEA !!!!! GO STEELERS ! 7-0 !!!!!!!!!! 
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 24-0 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
btw : Miss you babe !!!!!!! 
phew , close game ... but WE WON !!!! WERE GOING TO THE SUPER BOWL !!!!!! 
Feeling down , cause i haven't seen my baby in FIVE DAYS !!!!!! * Cries 
Feeling upset , don't know if it's cause of you or finals tomorrow , I'm thinking it's finals . 
Tosh . 0 , or obama ranting bout nothing ..... thinking tosh .... 
I just had an out of body experience ... I was beside myself ..... 
Talent hits a target no one else can hit , Genius hits a target no one else can see ... 
YEAAAA !!! Klondike Derby !!!! 
Keep you doped with Region , sex , and TV . and you think your so clever and classless and free , but still fucking peasants as far as I can see . 
I HAVE THE POWER !!!! 
If < PROPFEMALE > San < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > got married ... would ANYONE be able to find the wedding ? 
Ok , been noticing a lot of people doing this lately ... so what the fuck ?! Like this for a Truth is ? 
Soccer Game today !!!!! and then TWO DAY PARTY !!!! 
Ahhhh , not even 12 yet and already a crap day ... Question : In what soccer league is it perfectly ok to have one team have 14 people and the other only 7 ? Answer : U.S.H.A !!!!! Well , that aside , just got my hair cut my < PROPFEMALE > the Barber . ( No Joke that was her full name ! ) Hopefully , the rest of the day won't be as bad . 
Scout Sunday went off without one mistake ... think that's a troop 24 first ! 
Me and < PROPFIRST > DeSalvo just came up with the best way to solve the Economy , Over Crowding of Prisons , and give jobs to millions ...... \ 
\ 
EXTREME RED ROVER : CHAINSAW EDITION !!!!! 
... Once again I am reduced to listing to Pink < PROPMALE > and eating some gold fish .... fml 
So I switched my debate topic because there was basically no research info on it .... after now sitting down and researching my new topic I find that there is even less info on this topic then the previous .... and I present tomorrow , and have no work on it or anything .... and we started this project on Tuesday .... 
Writing a speech on the effects of violent media on children ... while listening to The Lonely Island and < PROPFIRST > Lynch ... o the irony !!!!! 
OMG !!!! < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are back together !!!!! AHHHHHHH !!!!! * faints 
Going to the Dentist !!!! Yay ....... 
I'M FIRED UP , AND YOU SHOULD BE TO !!!!!!!!! 
1st person to like my status - Can choose my next status . \ 
2nd person to like my status -I'll write I love you on your wall for 3 days . \ 
3rd person to like my status -I will answer any question . ( inbox Only)\ 
4th person to like my status -Can choose my profile picture .. \ 
Put this as your status if you're brave enough ? 
Best Presidents Day < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Court of Honor Tonight ! Wait sorry ... put the exclamation on the wrong thing ... \ 
FREE FOOD TONIGHT !!!!!! 
Going to Pink < PROPMALE > Experience Tonight !!!!!!!!!!!! 
And after a while , you can work on points for style\ 
Like the club tie , and the firm handshake\ 
A certain look in the eye and an easy smile\ 
You have to be trusted by the people that you lie to\ 
So that when they turn their backs on you\ 
You'll get the < PROPMALE > to put the knife in ... 
If God is willing to prevent evil , but is not able to\ 
Then He is not omnipotent . \ 
\ 
If He is able , but not willing\ 
Then He is malevolent . \ 
\ 
If He is both able and willing\ 
Then whence cometh evil ? \ 
If He is neither able nor willing\ 
Then why call Him God ? 
People are like rain drops , at one time we were together , happy and light , like a cloud . But when we are born we fall and become scattered across the world . We are so separate from each other and scared and lost amongst the mud and darkness . That is why we must sometimes dig through the mud and darkness in order to find another rain drop that makes you happy and light , like a cloud . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Bralynski 
I know a mouse and he hasn't got a house ... I don't know why I call him Jerold . \ 
He's getting rather old , but he's a good mouse ... 
So my dogs getting put down tomorrow ... 
very bored ... txt ? 
was literally just screamed at for not knowing who \Drake\ " is .... upon further inspection of his music ... I've concluded that the individual known as \ " Drake\ " does not posses the musical ability's that are required to be in my long list of artist that I listen to .... " 
Woke up : felt great .... went to school : felt worse .... got to school : on the verge of dieing .... 
Watch out for < PROPFEMALE > Warwick .... she eats her boyfriends alive .... * shudder ... 
< PROPFIRST > today gonna be sweet ! 
