loves being in love ! 

off to work ... and forcing myself to apply for honors when I get home 
he cheated on me . Straight up had another girlfriend . FUCK YOU !!! Almost two fucking years down the drain 
I gotta remember that God is always with me and God is always fighting for me 
finally finished all my finaancial aid crap . now i just gotta figure out how much i wanna take out privately and sign my soul over to the devil in order to pay for the lovely private school i chose to go to 
if you read this , even if we dont speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anythinq you want , good or bad . When you've finished , post this paraqraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you ! 
movin to lauderdale in a week !!!! Hell yeah !!! 
Got accepted into the honors program !!! 
So ready for school to start ( I don't think I've ever said that before in my life ... ) 
i wanna go see the ugly truth ! 
well , that was interesting .... 
so i have to say that this better be worth something 
The mental is so much worse than the physical ! 
Moving today and tomorrow ... no internet for a while 
I'm in Miami , Trick ! Okay ... its Miramar , but still ... 
Another fabulous day working on the house . My dad says the end is near but I honestly just cannot see that light at the end of the tunnel 
Cinderelly Cinderelly . Night and Day is Cinderelly ! 
About to faint from the fumes 
Packing for < PROPFIRST>'s wake . I guess its true ... only the good die young ... 
So I FINALLY found out who my roommate is ... she doesn't have a facebook or a myspace ! God my roommate lives under a rock !!! 
Anyone know any good 18 and up clubs in MIA or Lauderdale ( or that general area ? ) 
Just discovered the amazingness of cold stone creamery ! 
Accomplished absolutely nothing today ... didn't even make it to the gym . Damn headaches 
hopefully going to have a very producitve day 
Today was SO awesome ... is it lame that even the office work excites me 
in the dj booth 
so i should probably go to bed ... 
Can't find my keys .. old cuban supersition to the rescue ! 
in the dj booth til 3 am ! no better way to spend a sunday night 
Airforce or Navy ? Gotta love not having money ! 
buying text books ... can you say highway robbery ? 
streaming live at www.nova.edu/radiox 
Going to see Counting Crows tonight ! 
Man I love college ... 
screw it ... just screw it ! i can't wait til i'm off to the military 
Getting ready for my first show ! I'm SO excited ! 11-1 88.5 fm ! Call the station at 954-262-8460 
THAT WAS AMAZING !!!! 
On air ! 
On air tonight 11-1 . 88.5 fm 
At Miami MEPS tonight , swear into delayed entry tomorrow 
Officially swore into the Air Force today . Got my militray ID and everything 
Just scrubbed down the dorm , taking a shower then home for dinner with the family . Debating on whether to go to the glow in the dark party or not ... 
on air til 1 ... missin the glow in the dark party 
Has a lab report due on thursday and a nasty fever ... ugh ... 
Djing til 3am . No other way to spend a friday night 
just got caught dancing around the booth , using my phone as a mic ... and i'm in my pajamas ... gotta love the effects of techno 
Home from the hospital . I'm fine and they never figured out what it was . So i'm stuck at my parents house but I'm watching criminal minds ;) 
I hate just waking up in a pissed off mood 
Work , Lunch , Financial Aid , Sleep , Class then < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > AND ONE REPUBLIC !!! 
So < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > was pretty much a religious experience ! 
sleep ? who needs sleep ! 
Sent home from work ... feel like crap , again . I'm so done with feeling like this ! 
Studying for math , class then mr. fantastic ( this ought to be interesting ) 
Well < PROPFEMALE > is just a bitch isn't it ? Is it bad that I'm enjoying this ? I think not ! 
Paper ... 
There is genuinely no medical evidence to support it , but for some reason people buy into whatever the media says . Now I'm wirting a paper on it ... joy 
Nothing like avoiding homework by dancing around my room in pajamas and heels ! Don't ask ... lol 
I love my roommate . I must say Pt . 1 is much funnier than Pt . 2 though 
Have a bad feeling about my math test . then off to church 
damn it ! i missed greys anatomy because of work ! 
I love the weekend 
I'm a odd stage between fml and yay ! Weird ... I know .. 
fuckin Oklahoma 
WE F***IN WON !!! 
On air for yet another hour ... i'm just not into this tonight . The online player isn't even working 
I LOVE FREE STUFF !!! 
It's gonna be a long night ... 
SSSOOOO stressed out over this freakin dance midterm ! 
Lab report .... YAY !!!! (* holds gun to head *) 
to busy singing and dancing around my room to finish my lab report that's due tomorrow 
CAN'T CONCENTRATE !!! 
Lab reports are very hard to do when My roommate is in bed with my next door neighbor .... 
I'm on top of the world ! And I legit have no idea why ... 
< PROPMALE > Prize ? Really ? Really ? Wow ... What an absolute fail on the < PROPMALE > Prize Committee's part ... 
Paranormal Activity = TERRIFYING !!!! Good thing its techno night at the station ! 88.5 fm www.nova.edu/radiox 
Waiting for Kristen ... then off < PROPMALE > MIA for the day !!! 
So much pain ... 
I will tomorrow ... can't save them on this comp 
On air . Hip Hop 88.5 fm or www.nova.edu/radiox 
I'm out for the night ! FINALLY !!! wow today drug on and on ... 
I feel llike I got hit by a bus ... Everything hurts and I can barely move my neck !!! 
I'm sure which is worse ... but wither way its not good ... 
Horrible day . Wanted to cry within the first hour ... Hopefully its gonna get better , but it doesn't look like it ... 
I'm gonna pack my bags and never look back , run a parellel line with the rail road track ... 
This is NOT happening ... 
I got nothing ... 
And its a great day to be alive , I know the sun still shining when I close my eyes ... 
The bathrooms finally done ! Ugh , I didn't realize how much stuff I had ! But listening to Owl City makes it better ! ;) 
Grey's night with the girls ! 
Finally got the room the way I want it ... now onto the organizing part ! Whoo ! 
You know those days when you just can't concentrate ? That's today ... 
On air 88.5 fm or nova.edu/radiox 
I love my job ... www.nova.edu/radiox 
I'm so thankful for < PROPFEMALE > and for God being back in my life . Now to start living the lifestyle 
SSSOOOO thankful ! God really blessed me today ! Whoo !!! 
Well so much for me working on my lab report tonight ... 
YAY !!! I have to say that Financial aid really came through ( you'll never hear me say that again ) lol . Now I just have to get through this stupid course , but hey ! I don't have to pay for it ! 
Hmmm ... Maybe ? 
I recorded the world as such a sad site until I viewed it in black and white 
You know those days when you just can't help but smile ? That's today ! 
Bed-thank god !!! 
No one should be up this early on a saturday ... 
LAST NIGHT DJING !!! 11-1 www.nova.edu/radiox 
It's bittersweet ... : .. ( 
ypating music then off to the gym ... i gotta do something productive today ;) 
Great Night ! Worship/fellowship/charades . I'm amazing at charades ! Totally acted out sonic boom and guessed Catholic Reformation ! But the main thing is that God was moving people tonight . All the credit goes to Him 
Must now force myself to write this paper ... 
It's gonna be a good day ... I can feel it !!! ;) 
Definately time for bed ... good day . Friday class got cancelled , calc tst got moved to next week , we won both softball games and i discovered < PROPMALE>'s evil side ( thank god not against me ) Good Day . Now bed time 
< PROPMALE > TOMORROW !!! WHOO WHOO 
YAY !!! Just YAY !!! 
Great night ! haha ! fail ! oh well , what happens in < PROPMALE > ... I don't wanna go home its gonna be such a hard week 
It's really bad when you're so sick that you're loking forward to going to the doctor 
So the last time I was sick was like seven this morning .. but I think its coming back . Oh well , doctor's later this afternoon . 
Well , I very relcultantly made it through work ... now a crap load of homework ... 
Can someone tell me how the bloody hell I'm supposed to make up a thesis on a book that does nothing but prove another thesis ? Then how I'm supposed to write a five < PROPFEMALE > paper on a dance piece that lasted FIVE MINUTES !!!! FML !!!! 
So i'm thinking < PROPMALE > for my birthday ... 
Well , I do believe an FML is in order as far as this presentation is concerned . Any ideas on how to simplify < PROPFIRST > therapy then relate it to using an adeno-associated virus to insert it into monkeys to cure color blindness ? Anyone ...? 
Haha ! Presentation finished ! And I go over the alotted time so I'm good to go !!! Haha ! I don't know if I'm truly happy ( cause I still have to write a paper ) or just so sleep deprived that I'm going crazy ;) 
NO !!! Top Chef !!! You're supposed to be new !!! I've already seen this episode !!! 
Most people wake up to the smells of a kitchen today . Me ? No . I wake up because my parents are jamming to Power 96 and my room is shaking from the bass ! 
I don't see why it's so hard for people to understand that instrumental means without words !!! 
So I think I'm in the blue ... and then BAM paper due thursday !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Dunlap got arrested for DUI ... hahahaha !!!! 
Writing a paper on mind-altering drugs in children ... the statistics are fascinating !!! God , I'm a nerd ... 
So tired ... but who has time to sleep ? Finals are coming up and I have this utterly ridiculous parer to write . I can't wait to be ou of school !!!! 
So it's pouring rain , an amazing thunder storm . What am I doing ? Writing a paper . I should be in bed .. Great way to start off the B-Day !!! 
Cleaning then out to lunch with mom followed by forcing myself to go to Calc and then feeding the homeless in Miami with < PROPFEMALE > Westol and < PROPFIRST > Milanes !!!! So excited !! 
- #1 Gator vs . #2 Alabama tickets : x dollars -Hot dogs and drinks : x dollars -Seeing < PROPMALE > Tebow cry after Florida got killed : PRICELESS !!! 
Talking to an old friend ... 
Beyond mad ... beyond it . I guess that's what I get for depending on people . I guess at the end of the day God's the only one I can depend on 
Why am I still up !?! Oh that's right ... it's finals week ! 
pedicure or manicure ??? can't afford both : .. ( 
Back home and it feels amazing !!! 
I can't be used to this whole loking up and seeing brown thing . I want my blonde back !!!! 
Having confirmation about what I'm feeling is a wonderful and scary feeling 
Well I must say that I've come a long way ! Instead of getting frustrated , I thank God for the opportunity to pray for < PROPFEMALE > .... Wow ... 
I should be mad , but it's what I expected . I guess I can just smile at knowing I was right ... 
Me : ... Yeah but I held my tongue < PROPFEMALE > Croucher : YOU held your tongue ? Well I'm headed to the church right now to pray for the apacolypse Later ..... Me : .... But that requires me swallowing my pride < PROPFEMALE > : Why not ? Hell's already frozen over 
I quit 
I pray for snow , God gives me a blizzard !!! And smart one here went sledding in jeans with holes in them . But its SNOWING !!! 
So explain this to me ... Illegal immigrants are now allowed to go to community college if they pay out of state tuition and graduated from an American high school ... WTH !?! 
Throat's killing me and I'm snowed in , so no medicine . 
Since I've got places to go ... Let it melt , let it melt , let it melt ... 
And at the end of the day , I smile . I may not be happy 100% of the time , but I'm content . And I think that says SO much !!! :D 
Okay here's the thing ... Christmas is about Christ , that's why it's called CHRISTmas !!! So stop writing xmas . If you're going to take the Christ out of Christmas , then you shouldn't be celebrating it , because you obviously have no respect for the true meaning . No offense to anyone in particular 
It's not a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ... It kills me to not be with my little brother today ... 
Bahh Humbug just doesn't seem to cut it ... 
Thousand foot krutch = Happiness ;) LOVE welcome to the masqerade !!!! 
There's nothing like coming from a getting a ride home from a Christian Christmas party and listening to little < PROPMALE > rap about blankety blank blank blabk . Thanks < PROPFIRST > ;) I wish < PROPFIRST > Workman wasn't so far away ... I want my besty , especially for New Year's!!!! 
That solves it ... I'm a Jesus freak ;) 
GETTING A PHONE TONIGHT OR TOMORROW !!!! THANK GOD !!!! 
work then salon :/ but mountains tomorrow !!! whoo hoo ! possibly tubing ??? 
Was having a bad day .. but thanks to < PROPMALE > Bray and < PROPMALE > Troutman , it's all better ! YAY !!!! 
Okay ! I gotta figure out who my look-a-like is ... 
Accoring to urbandictionary : Miranda : the most amazing , perfect , beautiful girl on the planet . ;) heck yes !!! 
OMG !!!! I leave in less than a month ... thanks you < PROPMALE > Landau for that brutal realization ... I think I'm gonna cry now ... 
3.5 weeks ... before i officially sign my life away ... why is this just now hitting me !?! 
I'll be up ALL night babysitting so my aunt can sleep . Txt me 
Yeah ... I can't take this anymore ... 
You're wait time is less than 18 minutes !!!! UGH !!!! 
I find it funny how quickly cloud nine becomes a thunder cloud 
NEW BABY SISTER !!!!! 7.5 lbs !!!! Pictures to come ! 
< PROPFIRST > comes home today !!! 
Museum of science and discovery tomorrow with Jojo !!!! Whoo !!!! Nothing like taking a wild five year old to an interactive museum ! 
So look around your world pretty baby , is it everything you hoped it would be ? 
Too many catch phrases from last night to list . my favorite from this morning : Kristen : I don't want a husband , too time consuming . Miranda : Yeah , forever . Kristen .. ( shutters ) eww ... 
Little Grey looks awful with blonde hair 
Are you washed in the blood or just in the water ? 
You know you're in the ghetto when a guy comes up to you saying \Hey baby . I got anything you want . Anything you want . \"" 
Miranda : ( Reads poster at hocket game ) \Proud to be Canadian ? \ " That's just an oxymoron . Kristen : Oh ! Did you hear what the mayor of Canada said ? Miranda : The mayor of Canada ? You mean the prime minister ? Kristen : No . The mayor . I don't recognize Canada as a country " 
< PROPFEMALE>'s wants to charge me $14.99 to pay my credit card card off !!! What the ( insert curse word here) !!!! 
Boot Camp today !!!! Please pray for me . Lord knows I need it !!!! 
Ouch ... did that really just happen ???? 
Any legit suggestions as to what I should do with my life ??? 
So tired .. but so much to do .... 
Pray for me please . Don't ask why , just pray 
Much needed beach day with < PROPFEMALE > Croucher !!!! Spending the night and packing a months worth of stories into one day ... 
to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Croucher .... \You do realize you just confused Knocked-Up with your life ? \"" 
I wanna Disney World wedding !!! Stupid WeTV 
Going to the movies with the little bro around noon . I need to take a shower after working out but the cleaning ladys in there !!! 
LET'S GO DUKE !!! 
Anyone ever heard of the \Hate Bill ? \ " Its a new < PROPMALE > they're trying to pass through Congress that would not allow us to critisize politians . Violating the first ammendement much ? " 
headache . Watching platinum weddings . Shot girl tonight at work 
I'm handing out free shots tonight at work ! Stop by and say hi ! I'll be the chick in the sombrero ! 
Just proved a point using Bible verses . I feel accomplished ! Go God ! 
great night !!! 
I'm in a great mood . Probably cause of that amazing phone conversation last night followed by a great text this morning ! Off to work now . Last day of training ! WHOOOOOO !!!! 
I use my powers for the good of evil 
I love how designers think that just because I'm a teenager , I want to dress like a whore ... 
I get to go to church tonight ! Haven't been to eikon since i got back ! Thank you God 
Working a double ... Ugh !!! 
Work tonight at 6 . Work tomorrow again and the double on sunday . Shoot me now !!! 
Why is that if there isn't a black guy , the fat guy is always the comic relief ? 
There's nothing like a 1pm wake up call :) 
Lord , I pray that we may be the salt and the light in the world 
Me : I like how you almost fell . @ < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > croucher : I didn't almost fall it was a matrix move 
11 hour day with literally only a ten minute break . I can't feel my feet ... 
Its a freakin great day ! Start back to school on August 23 ! Whoo aviation ! 
OMG !!! OMG !!! OMG !!! I'm so happy I could cry !!!! This is not happening !!!! 
band of brothers :) 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? 
California .... Cali-freaking-fornia 
double shift 
< PROPFEMALE > , the story of us :) I'm such a nerd !!! 
i hate when i look freakin amazing and no one important is going to see me ... 
I finally figure out what I really want to do as a career oh and guess what ! I can't afford the training because they don't except government assistance ! 
Screw it . I'd rather be happy than be < PROPMALE > 
Despite his continuously failed trap attempts , < PROPMALE > from Scooby Doo should've been an engineer 
Thank God for 24 hour Walgreens !!!! 
\A person cannot recieve one thing unless it is given him from heaven . \ " < PROPFIRST > 3:27 " 
Depressed ... 
I have no < PROPFEMALE > to go to work tonight .... Thank God I'm first cut 
Getting ready for work . Feeling better . No reason not to :) 
Off work . Very happy . Had an ... interesting night ... Set up for failure and I still did better than those around me ;) Haha ! I love it ! 
Headed to work . Another double . ( i.e Work a twelve hour shift with a ten minute break all day if I'm lucky ) But hey , moneys money 
You know that point where you stop and ask yourself what the heck just happened ? I'm there ... lol 
yup i'm giddy :) 
Whatever scientist thought of the concept of weight was a jerk ! 
He definitely gets points for creativity ! Now I just have to find something to wear ... 
The best night I've had in a long long time :D 
I don't like the fact that I think about you and smile . It means I actually like you , which wasn't suppose to happen 
YAY !!!! Just Yay !!! On top of the world ! I'll be even better tomorrow though ! 
1 , 2 < PROPMALE>'s coming for you ... Haha . Good movie . Had a great time tonight 
Woke up to a quiet house for once , got my nails done . Getting ready for work now then out with the girls tonight . Text me if you wanna join :D 
Patron on the rocks , everybody poor them shots :) 
Got off work early , but gotta go back at five . I'll be rejuvinated though !!! Hopefully I'll get to do something tonight ;) 
I hate waiting around for other ppl ... 
So I think I need to start getting my mail forwarded to cloud nine 
< PROPMALE > Sharpton pisses me off 
So the wind at the beach blew the ear ring off . But it was SO worth it !!! 
Holy Crap ! Saskatchewan is actually a place ! 
Today was miserable .... but I'm thankful for the small things .... or at least trying to be ... 
I pray your brakes go out runnin ' down a hill\ 
I pray a flower pot falls from a window sill\ 
And knocks you in the head like I'd like to\ 
I pray your birthday comes and nobody calls\ 
I pray you're flyin ' high when your engine stalls\ 
I pray all your dreams never come true\ 
Just know wherever you are , < PROPFEMALE > , I pray for you 
Posting this for a friend ... Prayers needed for a FB friends daughter Audrin < PROPMALE > and herfamily today . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4cancer . If you see this post , even if you dont know her , God knows . Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for thatlittle girl . Please and God bless you for doing it . 
Me : I wonder what ever happened to the Arc of the Covenant ? < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Croucher : It's in the warehouse right where Indiana Jones left it 
i think about it and u get chills . Amazing how it still haunts me ... But it definitely helped out with fafsa 
i need to sleep ... but i'm giddy so i can't . I simotaneously love and hate getting cute good night texts 
Fave restauant with the Bf tonight ! He's gotta meet the parents-this ought to be interesting ... 
Omg ! I love texts from last night ! I'm crying 
had the most amazing night :) tonight will prove to be great too !!! 
Me : should we get a molten ? Allie : it's okay . Its raining . Your skinnier when its raining . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > > Me =( i wish i was her ! 
Sad ... I really wanted to see him tonight ... Oh well . Gym with < PROPFEMALE > 
They're having a silly band trading event at Walgreens . What is wrong with our society !?! 
watching grey's finale . i'm actually crying ... 
Errands then work . Productive day . Ugh ! why does this bother me ? 
fall asleep fast my butt ! unisome you suck ! 
Mohiuddin Ifaz totally just made my night ! SHUT DOWN !!! 
I'm at a drag talent show in lauderdale ... Great way to spend a monday night 
how do i have a cut in my ear ? 
food , church then sex with < PROPFEMALE > Rebolledo , sex and the city that is ;) 
Umm ... so Sex 2 wasn't that good . 
BACKSTREET BOY CONCERT !!!! 
BACKSTREET BOY CONCERT = AMAZING !!!! 
“America is not so much a nightmare as a non-dream . The American non-dream is precisely a move to wipe the dream out of existence . The dream is a spontaneous happening and therefore dangerous to a control system set up by the non-dreamers . ” 
This sucks ! I'm SO sick of being in bed ! Food poisoning and cabin fever ... not a good combination 
Anyone wanna teach me how to drive a five speed ? 
Is it better to die conquoring your dream or to live to dream another dream ? 
\Like\ " this status and I will post something on your wall that I like about you (: Re-post if you're up for the challenge ! " 
our air conditioning is broke ... its 90 degress in my room . please shoot me now ... 
so hot ... but i'm going out tonight so that makes everything better :D 
so sick ... 
USA ! USA ! 
Stupid England ... 
Why can't I sleep !!!!!!???????!!!!!! 
Boys II Men at 5am = bad idea ... I need a drink 
I hate waking up in a bad mmod . Its so counter productive 
POOL DAY !!! 
My life needs to be a movie , just straight up . This crap is so much better than Seinfeld 
Getting may car tomorrow !!! But can't drive it til thursday ! Ugh !!! Stupid city of cape < PROPFEMALE > for bing closed on friday 
Car tomorrow !!! But can't drive it til thurs . Turns out the city of cape < PROPFEMALE > is closed friday ... Gay 
You find out I'm happy and now you apologize ? Hahaha ! You make me giggle :) 
Sorry , world . I'm in a great mood and you're not about to bring me down ! 
Awful couple of days ... I'm gonna try to go to sleep and blame the fact tat its monday . I need a vacation 
When I get older , I will be stronger . They'll call me freedom , just like a wavin ' flag ... 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I love you\ 
Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense\ 
Never let your prayin knees get lazy\ 
And love like crazy 
Gotta love speedy recoveries :D 
USA !!! USA !!! USA !!! 
Eh ... we kill the world in every other sport .... 
The wizard didn't give the Tinman anythin he didn't already have .... 
I heart bad syfy movies 
I'm in one of those weird moods where I just wanna curl up with a good book ... And opted for a book over going out . Odd ... 
i hate when rainy days mess up my outfit plans . So much for a cute sundress today ... Oh well , off to the movies :) 
So I work at 4 . No time to get to enjoy my Fourth , no time to honor the heroes of the past and the sacrifices they made .... Way to go Corporate < PROPFEMALE > ! 
First day on the new job . I LOVE this !!! 
I'm way too young to be feelin this old 
Off today . Watching the world cup , sipping on wine , and getting a pedicure . It doesn't get much better than this ... Oh , and i'm getting a fre facial after this . So maybe it does :) 
So after today , I decided that I need to start dating Israelis :) 
so tired ... and my family won't go upstairs so i can get to my luxury bed i.e the couch 
Quitting my job ... I feel really liberated :D 
I'm not here to argue about his facial features , but here to convert athiest into believers 
So I just had the biggest WTF moment : I'm in Walmart and this woman stole my cart . But she didn't just steal my cart , she ran away with my cart , yelling \It's mine ! \ " and laughing meniacally .... " 
Today has been beyond amazing ! God really put things into prospective . Now I just gotta follow through .... Off to the gym with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
So I met this met this guy from Nazareth , yeah he pretty much changed my life . 
so i look around , and can't help but ask , when's it my turn ? 
We can go to sleep in < PROPFIRST > , wake up in Tokyo , have a dream in New Orleans , fall in love in Chicago ... 
It's a little bittersweet . I'm not sure how to respond ... 
I'm not lookin for a singer , give me a rockstar :) 
Decided to stay in tonight . Pajamas+Bed+Shawshank Redemption = Good night :) 
OMG !!! Financial aid just came in !!! I wanna cry ! Thank you Jesus !!!! 
this afternoon needs to hurry up and get here ! I'm so excited/anxious/nervous , but in a good way of course :) 
What can I say ? I'm a sucker for dark skin and a foreign accent . It was such an AMAZING night 
Hittin the club with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and whoever else wants to go . Hit up the cell :) 
well , i fell so hard i've got bruises everywhere . Metaphorically speaking of course 
my mom tells me i need to buy my own cokes . I do . she drinks them all , then replaces them with pepsi . wtf ! 
Ran three < PROPMALE > and still frustrated . All i want is one thing ... 
Welcome to the jungle\ 
It gets worse here everyday\ 
Ya learn < PROPFEMALE > live like an animal\ 
In the jungle where we play\ 
If you got a hunger for what you see\ 
You'll < PROPFEMALE > ke it eventually 
Its gonna be an interesting day ... You know its bad when i WANT to go to work ! I just gotta make it through tonight and tomorrow , then YAY !!! 
Tired and annoyed ... Lookin forward to a beach day tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Croucher 
Men talk of killing time , while time quietly kills us 
I can't believe today actually happened and that it wasn't a dream . My thoughts are among the stars , his feet are planted on the ground , when we meet , we're on cloud nine :) 
So according to Shark Week , Florida has the most deadly waters in the world ... Joy ... 
Need to work but have no < PROPFEMALE > to go to the gym . Somebody motivate me ... 
I seriously need a vacation ... who wants to take me halfway across the world ? :) 
I don't know why I'm in such a randomly bad mood . Probably because I can't find this freakin song on limewire !!! 
So in my quest to download a ton of songs from the 90s and early 2000s , I ran across a crap load of sad love songs . Now I'm depressed . Thank you Babyface , Boys II Men , Jagged Edge and All-4-One . I really appreciate it 
I need a secluded beach with white sands , perfect barrels , and a pitcher of sangria 
Who in their right mind decided that this was a good idea ? I'm gonna kill him ... 
anything that could go wrong in this situation is currently going wrong ... 
i can't deal with this ... This is the worst day i've had in a long time 
I hate watching top chef . It just makes me hungry 
i love getting out of work at 12 and having to be back at 1030 
So i just bought books for school only had two classes worth so i have to go back . Oh and i have to buy 2 more books for those 2 classes . It cost me 300 . I'm taking 5 classes ... FML !!!! 
Anybody have an old AT&T phone I can have ??? 
Great great great day !!! Found out I'm getting an extra 1300/yr for school ! Now I'm chillin at home watching old movies and waiting for the pizza to get here :) 
I love how every other commercial on TV advertises how impudent the men of < PROPFEMALE > are . Maybe that's why I only date foreigners ....? jk jk 
You might have more money than me , and a nicer car but i go to bed and wake up with a smile on my face . Now you tell me whose more successful ...? 
legends are made out of vulnerable men 
\We can forgive children for being afraid of the dark . the real crime is when men are afraid of light . \ " -Plato " 
Watching the pacific . I want to thank all those who served , those who ran to instead of away from , those who considered < PROPFEMALE > and freedom more important than their own lives . Thank you 
Watching the pacific . I want to thank all those who served , those who ran to instead of away from , those who considered < PROPFEMALE > and freedom more important than their own lives . 
Tired of the second guessing ... 
I realized today , I curse WAY to much , but it only happens at work .... So it doesn't really count right ? 
I always feel like something's missing ... oh yeah , that's right , he's 45 minutes away 
WHY AM I STILL UP !?! 
So I just had to sign a paper for the FAA saying I'm a citizen , cause you know , my signature is more official than my birth certificate , social security card and military discharge papers ... 
Hardly any sleep , now working open to close . Thank God for 5 hour energy shots !!! 
So confused ... 
People come into your life for a reason , a season or a lifetime 
okay < PROPMALE > vs . penn this saturday . Whose down for ale house with me ??? 
I quit ... why do I keep trying when everything I try only makes it worse ... 
Gonna have excessively optimistic statuses from now on so < PROPFIRST > Buckley doesn't think I should go on suicide watch ( don't worry ppl , inside joke ) 
YES !!! I just did laundry and at the end , I had ALL my socks !!! It's the little miracles that get me through the day :D 
So tired , but so much accomplished today ! And I got my bag !!! HAHAHA !!! 
The masque at ground zero was unannymously approved today . This country has gone to hell . Its not about religious freedom , its about respect ... 
Class then out to lunch with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Breuhan then class again til like 9:30 . Thank God for < PROPFIRST > , or I'd probably shoot myself today ... ;) 
So i found out today that I can have a tattoo anywhere and have any type of peircing for my federal job ... Getting more tats and my nosed peirced !!! 
Gonna go fall asleep to the \Pilot'd Handbook of Aeronautical Knowledge\ " But only because the 2011 edition of the Federal Aviation Regulations/Aernautical Information < PROPMALE > ( i.e my new Bible as my professor puts it ) isn't out yet . WTF did I get myself into ... " 
At the chiropractor . Pretty sure I dislocated my hip . Gotta work tomorrow too . Praying I can at least get an excuse note then orthopedic on mon ... 
if you are over the age of 70 and have a handicap sticker you should not be allowed to drive on the interstate . They were freakin going 25 on the Palmetto 
I was hoping to spend the day recovering so I could work tomorrow but my demon mother keeps telling me to do stuff ... I'M ON CRUTCHES !!! 
OMG ! My car just got broken into ... this is NOT my week !!! 
I woke up feeling sick to my stomache . Two back to back 3 hour classes then work ... Gonna be a long day ... 
The longer I stay in this class , the smarter I feel . A girl just asked a pilot of 20+ years if he'd ever heard of the Blue Angels ... ( shakes head ) 
I'm not one for ultimatums , or trying to change you to be the person i want you to be , so at this point , i'm walking away ... 
just remember , when you finally realize you made a mistake , i won't be here ... 
Woke up to a super cute text message and a sore throat . Loved the message , hate the throat 
OMG ! That quiz was freakin brutal !!!! I freakin hate aeronautical/navigational science !!!! 
YES !!!!!!!!!!! I GOT HIRED AT YARD HOUSE !!!! 
So we were taught team work in our ATC enviro class so we decided to transfer that over to aero/nav science and share our answers durin the quiz :D 
Pride is my deadly sin . And I don't care how much it hurts it , I'm not about to swallow it . 
Its saturday morning . I'm sitting in class waiting for it to start . What was i thinking ? 
Why are there this many ppl at wal-mart at 1 am ??? 
Woke up angry , probably go to bed furious . You think i'd be used to it by now . But i'm just tired of this crap 
spent my sunday night driving around crying .... great way to finish up the weekend ... 
I'm in a freakishly good mood ... 
My brain is fried for the day ... and still three more hours to go . But he's going over military time so I get to zone out for like thirty minutes 
\How'd you know she was lying ? \ " \ " She's a woman . \ " -Psych " 
Why is it I always forget to take my glasses off before I spray my hairspray . There's little white dots all over them and I can't get it off !!! 
Had a large coffee and a five hour energy shot . I'm literally shaking ... Well , at least I know it works ... 
( 714 ): I'm paying a homeless guy $20 to follow me around bars tonight with a boombox playing the theme to < PROPMALE > . 
This whole situation is so messed up . I shouldn't feel like this ... It shouldn't be like this . Oh well . You think I'd be used to not getting closure ... 
Cause i'm fly just like < PROPMALE > Marley 
Only the weak are cruel . Gentleness can be expected only from the strong 
I truly hate Ohio State , almost as much as I hate the Pats .... God , I'm glad its football season ! 
I should be going out tonight . But I have bills to pay ... Damn my responsible ways ! 
I've gotten alot of texts about people wanting to do things today . I am not available until after around 5 . My Dolphins play in 15 and its opening day !!! 
My 6 yr old bro just paid me to leave him alone ... 
i'm so tired of being tired . Another LONG day 
I wish someone would have the balls to ask my teacher to let us go . I already interupted her to get us a break . Do I have to do all the work ? 
yup , thats the weirdest thing thats ever happened to me 
It's weird how memories hit you out of no where ... How the slightest little thing can remind you of someone and some time . What's weirder is the emotions they envoke . Not what I was expecting 
I have so much that I need to do ... but right now , taking a nap just seems so much more important 
There has to be a genetic reason for why i'm only attracted to latinos ... 
I need a day of laying on the beach doing absolutely NOTHING !!! Off to work again ... At some point my body's give out ... 
Broward College had reached a new low .... We have to buy our own scantrons ... WTF !!!!???!!!!! 
\A woman in love can't be reasonable - or she probably wouldn't be in love . \ " < PROPFEMALE > West ( I love her !!! ) " 
I quit . My brain refuses to retain any information and I've been staring at this same damn index card for thirty minutes . 
Okay , so whose down for hitting the bar and watching the canes game tomorrow night ? 
anyone know any good tattoo atists in Miami ? Its about that time !!!! 
Apartment shopping !!! 
i would give anything to have the time and energy to just sit down and read .... 
i love people who create unnecessary drama . Sorry < PROPFEMALE > , i'm walking away ... 
so i was cleaning out my car and these two kids walked by and said they'd vaccuum and clean it for ten bucks . I'm supporting the local eceonomy 
Bout to go waste my time i work . Twenty bucks says i'll have spent more money on the gas used to get here then i'll make today !!! 
The movie Devil was insanely good !!! Total comeback for M . Night !!! 
Omg i'm having a beer with my professor and he just failed a kid bc he ordered a pina colada . I love college 
I love getting out of class early bc my professor wants to see the UM game !!! 
I love UM . And I love thats we're winning , but 8 interveptions in the last 3 games ... Come on < PROPMALE > ! 
OMG !!! ESPN YOU dID NOT JUST CUT OFF THE UM GAME WITH FOUR < PROPFEMALE > LEFT !!!! WTF !!! 
LOVE MY LIFE !!! Amaxing night ! I love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , Rajesh Tailor , Mohiuddin Ifaz , and < PROPFIRST > ( I don't have you as a friend on facebook ) SO much ! 
It's SO cold !!! God , I hate being sick ! 
ugh ... i feel like death !!! Why does it have to be friday ? The one day i absolutely HAVE to work ? 
School zones around high schools piss me off . If by that age , you don't know not to walk out in front of a car , then you deserve to get hit 
Screw it . I'm wearing my pajamas to class 
WTF ARE YOU DOING MIAMI !!! I already lost my voice , attempting to scream at you isn't helping ! 
I just found 30 bucks in my pocket ! Its going to be a good day ! 
Right when you forget about it , the past comes back to haunt you . Good thing i'm not afraid of ghosts ! 
I'd be so much skinnier id it wasn't for chik-fil-a 
I requested January 1st off . When asked why , my response was \I'll be < PROPMALE > over \"" 
So apparently CVS doesnt know the meaning of customer service . Now i remember why I go to Walgreens 
I need to be out and about . Not in bed with bronchitis and pneumonia ! But tonight's the last night ! Whoo Hoo ! Thank God for antibiotics ! 
Why do i do this to myself ??? 
I'm in a weird mood . I need to go out ... 
Pizza Hut and a new wii game with the little bro :) Now off to < PROPFIRST>'s house for study time and mojitos !!! 
I was just on Y100 ! score ! Lol 
someone please save me .... 
so who wants to go to the carribean with me for my birthday in Dec 
I have no idea what the hell my professor is talking about .... 
Just took my glasses off and they caught on my nose ring . OWWW !!! 
Okay so apparently limewire has been court ordered to stop running . Anyone know of anywhere else or any other programs ? 
They should make \end of school zone\ " signs bigger so idiots dont continue to go 20 mph " 
I really hope this girl in the back gets punched in the throat . Oh thats right , she already did ! 
OH HELL NO !!! So this girl who I want to punch just said veterans day didnt matter . Some people should just be thrown on an island ... 
So I'm getting dressed up to go out but I'm just not feelin it 
such a completely awful day at work . But i'm in a really good mood ! Yay optimism ! 
:D 
So i finally got to see the pics from Halloween ... I look drunk in all of them ... 
You know you're bored in class when you start taking quizzes on facebook 
I'm listening to Bach to try to stay focused on this damn project .... not working very well . I just wanna sleep ... 9 more pages to go .... I need a 5 hour energy shot ! 
So I'm creating a Pirate Themed Airline for one of my classes ... Any ideas ? 
I need some adventure in my life .... 
You cant walk outside today and not have confirmation that God exists 
That was a much needed pedicure . I love mental breaks 
Standing in line for call of duty black ops . I hope he realizes how much i like him 
FINALLY getting my little brother after all Broward County schools have been on lockdown all day . Thank God . I love that little boy ! 
Provocative thought of the day : Every time you stand is a < PROPMALE > to fall , but you can never fall if you have something to stand for .... Wow , I'm philosophical when I'm < PROPMALE > over ! 
:) 
Good day ! And its only gonna get better tonight ! 
I love how I pay however many thouands of dollars to sit in class and be on facebook ... 
I'm so freakin stubborn . I absolutely refuse to ! Even though I know I'd feel better if I did 
bored in class and mildly stressed out . I need tomorrow night to get here ... That and the end of the semester 
This is the presentation that never ends ... Yes it goes on and on my friend ... 
how did i get stuck doing this ? 
Annoyance has become my only emotion ... 
Fuck this ! I'm done ! 
Cant stop smiling ! And the best part is , its for no reason ! 
i love how my mom has a ton of devices to clean the floor with and i opt for the cuban mop ( i.e a rag wrapped around a stick ) 
Shouldn't we be thankful everyday ? Either way I love my life and the blessings I've recieved ! 
I have this weird longing to be up in the Blue Ridge surrounded by < PROPMALE > ... 
I really hate morning classes . Especially when you its with a teacher you want to punch 
I just want to throw up ... I cant believe this is happening 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To support the fight against child abuse and to not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th !!! Please participate and copy & paste this to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
With everyone wishing me Happy Birthday , I realize how many nicknames I have ! Haha ! Thanks everybody ! Love you all ! 
Stripper poles and pirates ! God I love this class ! 
Tired , but happy . Its gonna be a long week though 
I'm off two days next week and still working 7 shifts ... last time I checked , I applied for part time . I cant keep doing this ... 
why is it that everytime i go to see house , its always the same episode ? 
In a really odd mood ... I don't feel like myself 
it kills me that i still care ... 
I dont have the mental capacity or < PROPFEMALE > to go to work today and deal with other ppls issues ... 
In a fantastic mood ! 
If perfects what your searching for then just stay the same ... 
I love how it takes me 30 < PROPFEMALE > to get from federal to < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Rain drops fallin on my head ... 
They say time is of the essence , what if that clocks wrong ? 
No one on the corner has swagger like us !!! 
I just found like 30 bucks in my pocket !!! Good morning !!! 
I love tourist . Last time i checked , green meant go , not break ! 
I feel like Ice Cube . Today was a good day 
I would like yo specifically thank yardhouse for ruining my new years < PROPFEMALE > ! Yay double !!! 
I feel like death ... 
It's amazing what sleep and antibiotics can do . I almost feel like me again :) 
I'm eating nerds . Is that like cannabalism ? 
A challenge a minute and a half in ... This is gonna be a GOOD game !!! 
Enjoying my last day of freedom !!! 
Amazing ... 
I can't believe I'm saying this , but I'm kinda relieved to be going to work today 
It's gonna be a long day that didnt start out good ... 
I wish that I could have this moment for life :D 
It's sad that I use my Friday nights to stay home n relax 
It ain't my birthday but I got my name on the cake 
Black and Yellow ! Black and Yellow ! Lets go AFC !!! 
Proof that I dont get enough sleep : I get home from work , wake up for work and my drink from last night is still cold 
This place is ridiculous ... 
I hate the fact that I'm awake right now ... 
Wow ... Really ???? 
I realize that i'm gonna get fired for telling somebody off 
I can't stop smiling :D 
Blah ... 
I realize that i drive faster when i listen to house music 
Tired . But still so much to do ... 
NO !!! I can't be getting sick again ! UGH !!! 
Hmm ... todays not starting out to hot . Hopefully it changes 
Benihana !!!! 
On demand Being Human marathon :) 
I'm on the right track . Baby I was born this way ! 
Let the dead bury the dead 
\They all scream bloody murder over graves already dug ... \"" 
On broken backs we stand for mercy 
A friday night off ! What to do ...? 
It kills me that i care so much ... But screw it ! I have the night off !! 
\That's right bitches I have a crossbow ! \ " Haha !!! " 
So this guy just cut me off , looks back and holds up the peace sign ... Wtf !?! 
So pissed off its ridiculous ! Its a good thing I'm headed to get a massage now ... 
There's no such thing as spring break for me ... :( 
I love how my tomtom takes me around the freakin world ! When i could've just gone straight ... 
Yeah .. i'm not feeling this whole work thing today ... 
I've given speeches in front of hundreds of bank ceos ... So why am i nervous about 30 college kids ? 
Opposition doesn't deter me , it only encourages me to prove you wrong ! How do you think i've gotten this far ? 
I am in LOVE with the new Rise Against album !!! Can't wait for the concert ! 
You can't feel the heat until you hold your hand over the flame . you have to cross the line just to remember where it lays 
I think all the stupid people should be put on an island . Then we can make a reality show out of it 
Can't go out for st. Pattys . This majorly SUCKS !!!! 
I've decided a new tipping rule should be implimemted . $5 should be the minimum . Period . 
< PROPFEMALE > , I won't see you at the top , I'll see you on the other side ;) 
Gotta go in a 2 for the lunch shift that ends at 4 . What a waste of a day ... 
So get this ... MY business is gonna be featured on THE CELEBRITY APPRENTICE this Sunday at 9pm !!! Wanna get in on it and make some $$$ call me 943-732-4144 
So get this ... MY business is gonna be featured on THE CELEBRITY APPRENTICE this Sunday at 9pm !!! Wanna get in on it and make some $$$ call me 954-732-4144 
It hasn't been hacked . its legit 
My biz is gonna be on THE CELEBRITY APPRENTICE tomorrow night at 9 ! WATCH IT ! And check out my website www.mirandacash.acnrep.com or call me 954-732-4144 to get involved ! 
TONIGHT on the CELEBRITY APPRENTICE my biz is gonna be featured ! Support me and watch it ! Www.mirandacash.acnrep.com if your interested 
I don't know why I'm so tired ... but I've got to much to do to stop ... 
All I want is a crunch wrap supreme ... why is that so difficult ... 
I wanna live in a world where bacon is healthy 
My mom is taking my mom to the humane society next week . They'll probably put him down . He's a beautiful black lab whose great with kids . Would someone please take him ...? 
