Disney : You know you've found your true love when he starts singing the song of your inner monologue/song . :D <3 

I'm hungry T-T quick someone give me food that ISN'T noodles 
I do not approve of < PROPFEMALE > playing at conbinis ._. 
I'm not good with horror video games or movies . Yet I enjoy watching them . I'm currently on the verge of terror tears watching someone play amnesia the dark descent on youtube . T-T 
Reading about how people from Illinois speak . There was a question that was \What do you call a drive thru liquor store ? \ " Well I am with my fellow Illinois people and have no idea what that is . Are those real ? " 
If sleep was money , I'd be poor . 
playing phoenix wright is amusing and annoying . why can't you just scream at everyone ? 
thumb typing is an acquired skill that I have not achieved ... 
was kinda disappointed by Inglourious Basterds , not gonna lie DX . Also , why'd the hot one die halfway through >.> 
unless I was wrong ( and so was the internet ) the box lied to me O.o the hair straightening stuff has a weird scent ..... not cool 
hmmm need to find syrup . cinnamon french toast is rarely complete without it * goes back to cooking before the toast burns * 
Well I just got a box sent from home . Wanna know what it was filled with ? Bisquick and ramen . Yes I said ramen . Oh mother how you amuse me so XDD ( but score for the bisquick ) 
otome road equals female otaku paradise ? I think so . 
bought yaoi doujin for some friends ' christmas present . I need to stay away from Otome Road lest I < PROPFEMALE > to be broke as it is expensive heaven 
Tonight I failed at bowling .... next time Mr Gill , next time I won't fall on my ass multiple times and actually hit something resembling a pin * determination * 
yay for random days off and random conversations about sex and zodiac signs . Cause knowing if your signs are SEXUALLY compatible is more important than the person . Anyone here know what their sign is most compatible with ? 
I am bored . Listening to the rain is slightly depressing . I'd prefer to be out there instead of here but I don't feel like getting wet . Any have the ability to amuse me ? 
pancakes = delicious , syrup = expensive 
burnt french toast is still french toast \ 
\ 
also\ 
dinosaur porn O.o 
went to Akiba today didn't do much more than look and get lost ( still tons of fun)\ 
though there were ideas for new animes based on ideas of Americans\ 
Cowboys and Gangstas will a follow up anime of Bitches and Hos ( and Cowboys)\ 
could be an award winner XD 
well I just had my room shake .... how fun .... 
bored nerd movie time : watching green lantern first flight 
finished watching the day after tomorrow again . Like all doomsday type movies it has taught me an important lesson . When the end of the world seems to be coming its time to get it on with the nearest hot chick/guy in the room . Life lessons .... they're important 
I'm starting to get the ball rolling with the work permit and all but question to everyone out there . Where are you looking for jobs ? 
Lost my pasmo today . Not fun . I miss it and don't want to get a new one ( lazy/broke ) though they said they could get me a new one 1000yen but I'll look around the school some more tomorrow . On the off < PROPMALE > ... Anyone spot a random pasmo ? 
when your computer turns off everytime you move you know that it has kicked the bucket . Sadly there is nothing I can do to ... 
Well my mother has started asking about holidays so I'm guessing she starting to regret the whole telling me not to come home for Christmas ... which I kinda predicted . 
well just got some free dinner from the realtor with < PROPFIRST > . Fun night . Taught them nose goes . Also Japanese businessmen can't do the bro hug . Amusing attempt though . 
pancakes , my room , seven pm . Bring your own plate/utensils and I'd like a donation of an egg or some milk . 
Gonna lose a debate today , because apparently clustering is God's gift to business and no one can even think to doubt it . FFFFFF .... 
someone is selling a hello < PROPFEMALE > toaster that burns hello < PROPFEMALE > into your toast ..... kinda want it for the insanity 
Okay I don't believe google's weather reports anymore . It's been getting cooler here in Tokyo but how the hell is there a < PROPMALE > of snow tomorrow ? Lies I say ! 
Rin and I are pretty sure that we have succeeded in finding an apartment . YAY ! 
job browsing jobs online and guess what girls , job of wonders is out there . Tokyo is getting a hooters and needs you ! Lol cause you know , we come to Japan to work at hooters 
Why is blackboard giving me trouble when I need to use it ? 
quick question my zombie loving friends : If sleep is for the dead , do zombies sleep ? 
You know you're from Chicago when :\ 
The \Living Room\ " is called the \ " front room\ " ( pronounced fronchroom ) [ I do]\ 
If boredom kills I'm screwed 
..... All my clothes are in the wash .... time to do laundry in my pajamas D= 
walking around and feeling dizzy don't tend to go well together 
found an apartment for real this time XD 
okay I don't know what to say about this .... \ 
I was just on icefilms.info and looked at their recently uploaded movies and I found what I'm going to assume is a cinema gem . \ 
BIG TITS ZOMBIE\ 
A Japanese movie about strippers and zombies ....... wow 
If any of you are into more serious movies ( meaning one's without crazy hollywood < PROPFEMALE > dust sprinkled on [ though trust me I love those too . JJABBRAMS DEMANDS MORE LENSFLARE ]) I suggest Out of the Blue . Movie from New Zealand about a real life shooting . Just watched it and thought it was a great movie . Again not for people expecting large action sequences . 
I WANT TO SEE RED !!!! I think the only thing I really miss from the states is going to see movies all the time . I want to see Red . I want to see < PROPFIRST > Urban . I want to see KUrbz running around with a gun . \ 
If you didn't get the undercurrent of this post . < PROPFIRST > Urban is f-ing HOT . This is where I run out of words and just < PROPFEMALE > at him . XP 
just randomly found Red online . I'm going to cry myself some happy tears . Here I come < PROPFIRST > XD <3 
Why are mornings so damn early ? Can't we have morning at night ? 
got back from school around four something . just woke up now . DX 
think I'm getting a stomach virus Dx this sucks 
lol miniquake 
ughhh hope the dorm manager doesn't need anything today . Whenever I decide to sleep early or feel off he rings the door < PROPFEMALE > and needs something ( truthfully not that many times ) but not opening the door tonight if he does . I'd rather not puke on someone ... please kill me now 
I'm actually seriously worried I'm going to pass out in class cause of how bad I feel someone save me 
I've been dizzy for far too long .... It gets weird when you're having a hard time figuring out what you're saying when you know you're not slurring 
just realized that with furniture there will be the putting together of somethings . That doesn't scare me . The directions possibly being in only Japanese does 
anyone in TUJ doing Nanowrimo ? 
up until the last few days I've been able to keep my room decently clean . Then i got sick and was pretty much ' fuck cleaning I'm going to throw stuff around til I find what I want and leave the stuff where it lies ' . Rin rang my doorbell tonight and saw it all ????????? 
I have no costume but I decided on crazy makeup used as face paint . I'm going to look dumb but I'll have fun XDD 
Watched Project Runway Season 8 finale . I am now very confused . o.o WHA T.T HE . FUCK ? 
By November 14th I will be flat broke ..... fucker 
It is a sad day , I've run out of Maruchan ramen * cry * 
FLUFF FLUFF FLUFF FLUFF FLUFF Reading incredibly adorable romance stories when I should be working on Nanowrimo should be no where near as adorable as it is FLUFF FLUFF FLUFF 
I feel dead .... if I become a zombie who wants to die first ? 
* fail * I am trying to order from nissen but I can't seem to get the website to work for me and no one at their toll free number knows english . anyone have any ideas 
possible success with ordering a bed from nissen . Either that or sold them my soul . Not sure which . Hoping for the former 
Fire drill yay XD 
Worst fire drill ever 
apparently facebook thinks that someone commenting on my post eight hours ago is good enough for an alert even though I read it earlier .... 
if I were to stab someone in the face for no other reason than boredom how much trouble would I get in ? Cause I'm REEEEAAAALLLLLYYYYY bored . DX 
accidentally got corn from the vending machine downstairs in baba . Meant to get cocoa . Not half bad . To people in the states , yes they sell corn soup in vending machinesXD 
it is kinda cold in my room T T-T T 
doesn't make sense to me that there are two Japanese Element 2 classes this semester but only one Japanese Intermediate 1 class next semester ..... DX 
sorry about the twilightyness of my posts tonight but just saw a photomanip with the < PROPFEMALE > trek cast's faces on the twilighters and realized that if < PROPMALE > Quinto was a glittery gay vampire he would rock it . Probably bitchslap < PROPFEMALE > at some point and then go out with Pine to buy some hipster scarves and hats XD . It would be a million times better than the status quo of Twilight 
anyone want to run to the conbini and get a chocomelon pan for me ? I'm lazeh DX 
XDD there is going to be a Kung Fu Hustle 2 !! If it is as awesome as the original I'm all for it 
please , please if you love me put me out of my misery 
MUZJIKS -- apparently the word that gets you the most points in scrabble is about Russian peasants 
I am witnessing a pretty anticlimactic war ..... Maybe it just seems that way since I'm not in Chicago . blargderp . whoever sends me pizza wins ..... better be deep dish :-[ P <- manly mustache smilie 
< PROPFEMALE > cookie ice cream is uhhhhh .... well the cookie part is good the < PROPFEMALE > not so much 
never heard of pomosexual which is apparently a fancy way of saying that my sexuality none of your damned business 
hey < PROPFEMALE > didn't get dropped on your head right ? hopefully they took some semblance of care for you , you silly drunk 
well there goes my all tuesday/thursday schedule next semester ..... 
looking at my old computer battery and I suddenly remember the time I told my host family that in the States we throw all garbage into one can . They were horrified . 
well it doesn't fit in one post so I'll reply to this status . But the idea is I found this awesome prompt on a < PROPFEMALE > trek meme that made me lol . 
screeeeewwwwweeeeeedddddd . \ 
that is what I am 
sudden urge to dress up like < PROPFEMALE > trek characters and find a laser tag place . if only I could access either one of those things 
just found out my dad has been hit by a car twice in two weeks . Only one of the two times did the guy in the car stop afterwards . Oh Chicago drivers how I do not miss you 
just found out that the refrigerator beeps if you don't completely shut it . I now feel like an idiot for looking around and trying to figure out what the beeping was 
WHY AM I NOT TIRED ? I HAVE A FINAL TOMORROW !! DX 
random drunk man screaming outside XD yay 
aparently cheetos ( like actual cheetos ) don't stain your fingers in japan .... that is amazing 
FYI EVERYONE ITS LUPUS AKA LOVE 
I'm barely on this side of having zilch in my bank account , fun times T T-T T 
roommateless for the next month DX so loneleh x.x 
naps are when the weirdest dreams happen for me ..... don't even ask 
SUPER CAPTIAL FML . I accidently deleted all my save files from the game I was playing . There is also no cutscene skipping ability in this game . fml there goes 15 hours of my life t-t 
Been playing Mass Effect 1&2 . Sheperd is apparently is irresistable to all humans and aliens . Though I laugh at fem ! Shep hitting/getting hit on by women on most planets . Main point of the games AIs are evil and \alien chicks are hawt\ " XD " 
desperate times call for desperate measures . This includes cooking ramen in a frying pan . OTL 
you know when the computer has eaten you when you are drawing with PAPER and PENCIL and you reach out for the CTRL+Z instead of the eraser 
WHY THE HELL ISN'T ICEFILMS COOPERATIN ' ALSKDFJKSALJFDKALJFD bad mood all around today OTL 
you know life is sad when the most interesting thing you can do at three thirty in the morning is wonder why < PROPFIRST > Pine is so damn pretty . I mean , yeah , he is pretty , but still not the most engaging use of my time .... 
I was unaware that when there wasn't enough GAY in your third person shooter that the fans rage out . I mean , lol , I'd love some more fem ! shep/tali & man ! shep/kaidan but a little surprise how much people want it 
how come any earthquake I feel is at like three in the morning ? 
i burnt my pancake T-T OTL 
yaaay I now have a jacket . Thank you mother for putting a full winter coat in a < PROPFEMALE > box . How you did it I don't know . Also too much tape O.o 
watching a documentary , awesome line right here : \However the shape of the box was a little bit different from the box traditionally used for the severed head in Japan\ " \ 
uggh this christmas < PROPFEMALE > sucks T-T . The only way it could get better was if I watched supa no onna for the millionth time but I don't have it . I wonder if I can find Parksensei if she'll have it . She's in Japan about now o.o 
apparently dominos in japan is magical because these are their order hours ..... \ 
Order Hours : 25:00 ~ nine o'clock 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas people in Japan , I will wish the people back in Chicago/US < PROPFEMALE > christmas tomorrow 
time to finish my christmas off with a < PROPFEMALE > the vampire slayer marathon 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to those in the states\ 
also christmas reminded me of a truly wonderful time . \ 
A time where vampires drank blood and actually had ugly faces ( when applicable ) ... Oh Angel .... 
..... well ..... I guess I should congratulate < PROPMALE > Hefner ( yes the one from playboy ) .... he's going to get married ? whhaaa ? 
reading is fun , especially when it gives a girl ideas of perfect proposals XDD\ 
\Fine ! Consider yourself fucking engaged ! \ " \ 
its funny how when you start cleaning everything seems to start to get worse before they get better .... 
I want a pet geth that calls me Katie-commander and does the robot :D :D :D :D :D 
spent last two days panicking over finding < PROPMALE > that needs to get paid . Turns out it was in the pile of ORGANIZED papers . Which , why the hell would I look there . JUST IN TIME TO RUN SCREAMING TO THE BANK :D :D :D :D 
well still had time to look at my 2011 horoscope . It is more awkward than when Metropolis said I was attracted to a planet O.o \ 
\July is especially romantic when < PROPFEMALE > enters Cancer and brings loads of pleasure to your love sector . \ " \ 
ever wonder why so many females enjoy doing < PROPMALE > ? Well , that my friends is a simple question . REFERENCES ! :D How else can a girl stare at a picture of a hot shirtless man for hours and actually say they have a good reason to ? :D :D 
I try to multi task by drawing and watching a movie at the same time . The first scene of the movie was a gratuitous shirtless < PROPFIRST > Pine . Well played movie , well played . You wanted my full attention , you got it . 
I should go shopping for food . So you know , I can eat today . But that would require me to leave the apartment and have energy and money that I don't have 
Just found an old pic I < PROPFIRST > back in 2007 . As I'm sure all you artists out there understand , I now need to go throw myself off a < PROPMALE > . And it was a ' good ' pic for me back then . I'll be crying myself to sleep tonight . 
i have a roommate again yay . 
watching top chef . in this episode they have to serve Chinese food to Chinese people . Love the fact that all the ' customer reviews ' are in Chinese . Best review : CAUCASIAN DIM SUM . ( grumble grumble ) 
damnit now I want some chinese food . Anyone know any good Chinese bakeries(ohgodplz ) or restaurants in Tokyo ? 
you know you're from chicago/crazy when at 11 at night you go for a walk in a light sweatshirt while people are bundled up and think \I really wish there was an outdoor pool somewhere . I really want to go swimming right now . \"" 
PLease someone tell me that this little ' fun fact ' is not true . \It is legal to have sex with animals in Denmark and Norway . \ " ........................ o.o " 
Spambots on Deviantart say that HOES are only 35$ hurrah hopefully they have all their limbs and most of their teeth XD 
Just found a manga that was basically Inuyasha but slash . The love interest has powers but is dumb as rocks and can't use . And the demon was once evil but lo and behold love has changed him . Oh , lol . :D 
oh god the boredom is killing me . anyone know any good movies that I can watch online ? 
hospitals are not as exciting as tv leads one to believe 
pokemon hates me D: Everytime I get the final three badges in the first section of the game it deletes my save and brings me back to five badges . I've evolved my beloved Yakitori and Mint Choco to Typhlosion and Pidgeot a half a dozen times now . PHUK U SOULSILVER , YOU AND THE SITE I PIRATED YOU FROM (<- lulwut ? cause of the problem ? noooo , that can't be ) 
Had a dream that I was in the desert , watching Mexican television , in Japanese . I woke completely confused with my brain 
so they're making a ffxiii-2 ..... what the hell happened to my ff versus xiii ? -.- 
Anyone in Dissent in < PROPFEMALE > ? If so I have no idea what is due tomorrow so help would be much appreciated . 
first time in a while that I've had a migraine so bad that the train announcements made my version nearly black out . FUUUUUUUUUU 
the japanese summer intensive looks like it will kill you .... 12 hours of class a week .... o.o 
lol at friends throwing the kpop fandom at me . First Rin with TVXQ and now < PROPFEMALE > with SHINee ..... Well Taemin is handsome xD 
apparently when my roommate leaves me in the apartment alone to go to a concert I have an existential crisis about Batman . I don't know if that is sad or awesome . I think I'll stick with awesomely sad . DUNANANANANANANANANANANA BATMAN ! ( because I had to do it :D ) 
anyone know a good orthopedic or nerve doctor that speaks English in Tokyo ? My luck so far has been nil and wrist injuries suck . 
Highschool Robot American Football\ 
Student-made robots square off\ 
.... kinda want to go see this . Sounds like robots playing football to me and that sounds amusing ... o.o ? also confusing . 
For the inner grammar Nazi in me : Sometimes when I realize words or spellings that I've been told were wrong are actually right , I like to stop and think about how much I hated that teacher . Fuck you all , it's learnt ! Learned sounds dumb . D:< 
Have you ever noticed that for the last Kryptonian alive , there are a lot of other Kryptonians besides Superman ? I mean their is a whole Kryptonian city left . Kinda takes that one of a kind thing away from Supes . 
oh yay I just got seven years bad luck and the need to replace my mini mirror . Great start to the day 
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF'IN AWESOME SOMEBODY JUST UPLOADED THE ENTIRE FIRST SEASON OF MIGHTY MORPHIN POWER RANGERS TO ICEFILMS AND IT LOOKS LIKE THEY'RE GOING TO BE UPLOADING MORE :D \ 
GO GO POWER RANGERS !!!!! 
DeviantArt , making you forget you have midterms tomorrow since for-fucking-ever . Oh well , got some great inspiration anyways just gonna fail tomorrow 
off to fail some midterms :D 
It's official , my brain is a weird place . Sometimes I just don't know 
weird old lady talked to Rin and I in Labi1 today . She said I had a pretty ( and young ) face and the asked Rin if she was my mother ..... O.o lawl 
watched a female artist draw Nightwing ( <3 ) live on livestream . Current topic on the chat , the beauty of his crotch . Oh female artists :D 
I wanna play basketball with batman . 
Apparently spreading gay fandom is how I make the world a better place :D \ 
I better get back to work XD 
I want a < PROPMALE > Drake ( < PROPFIRST > ) or Batman poster for my birthday . I think that is not going to happen D: 
I apparently went on too long reading only manga . Reread Infinite Crisis ( which is awesome go read it if you like DC ) and realized half way through the first issue I was reading it manga style . FAIL 
Hey life , FYI , FUCK YOU 
woooooooow pretty decent sized earth quake just hit . Building is still kinda swaying . Neighbors are going to be buying new dishes cause it sounded like they all crashed . Oh wait here comes another one I think ........ \ 
oh fuck my bookshelf ... 
I hate you earthquake . This is why we don't do these in Chicago . My laundry detergent powder spelled all over the tatami . Fuck that's going to be fun cleaning up . Also , my phone is now not working \possibility failure \"" 
just peeked my head out the door since I heard the landlord and they asked if I was asleep during the earthquake o.o 
no food in the apartment D: what's the < PROPMALE > I'd be able to find food if I went out ? 
apparently it is Y2K , the conbinis have been stripped of food . o.o 
I hope that the number isn't correct but there are reports of 200-300 dead in the city of Sendai alone . Whether or not you pray I hope you keep this people and their in your thoughts 
Its amazing how looking out my balcony makes it seem like nothing happened yesterday . Tokyo is pretty amazing that way 
no school tomorrow either :D 
No plans to leave Japan unless I see the 4 Horsemen riding down Meijidori but if I did go home now I would be home in time for my birthday lol 
Sometimes I wonder if everything they write in the papers and say on the news is just to scare us or if we're all just really screwed . 
FFFFFFFF forgot it was Pi ( 3.14 ) Day and I didn't have any pie ................ Life sucks sometimes . D: 
well .... looks like I'm going home . I'll be back Japan 
BRIGHT SIDE OF THE SITUATION : I'll be home for my birthday !!!!!! 
Just got back home ! Everything is so luxuriously large . Though , lol , my family made me shower in case of radiation 
the weirdest thing about being home , finding out that things that have been in the same spot for over six years in your house are suddenly rearranged 
still surprised that I got an email from a teacher saying they think classes will be back up on the 28th and that we should be finishing our projects . \ 
o.o 
PHUKYU LIFE . why the hell do I have the flu ? 
my internet in the states is at least ten bazillion times slower than in Japan . SADFACE 
playing heavy rain and I am amused at all the different ways they can butcher the word origami 
I am now sure that I am either allergic to < PROPFEMALE > or my house because since I've been back I've had the worst allergies . D: 
Hey , I'm getting my Chicago snow ! :D <3 
Lost my only left contact . And forgot my glasses in Japan . D: 
I want superpowers . 
: < wearing glasses that are not my correct prescription because I don't have contacts yet . Waiting for the headache 
YOU CAN'T ESCAPE IT ! Apparently there has been radioactive rain from the Japan crisis in Pennsylvania . TUJ won't let you go 
they're going to film the next Superman movie in Chicago this summer . I officially decree that < PROPFEMALE > and I go down and be nerds about it . Bonus points if we can find some kryptonite 
: < watching a rerun of today's O'Reilly Factor , he played Friday by Ms. < PROPFEMALE > Black . He misunderstood the reason the video had so many views . 
had a dream that I won a tablet I really want . then I woke up . > : < 
Apparently a bunch of senior citizen women from an old folks home went to a Chippendales for a field trip . Best news segment ever , best field trip ever , BEST OLD PEOPLE EVER . 
so students continuing TUJ remotely for the rest of the semester will not get anymore info until the day of classes ? I feel like this isn't going to go well for me 
I think Shepard Smith looks like an elf , a flat headed elf 
thinking about a wizard of oz quote . came out wrong\ 
\are you a good bitch ? or a bad bitch\ " \ 
looked on redbox's website for BATMAN UNDER THE RED HOOD dvd . there are none in a 50 mile radius . there ARE AT LEAST 6 copies of the bluray .... I can watch it but i can't copy that ..... sigh 
I'm sure I'm decently behind the times(I'll blame being out of the country ) but I just heard about the UofC hookup website . Lol 
have coupon for buy one get one free . \ 
printer breaks , no coupon T-T 
fuck you april fools day , today sucked . printer broke , locked out , phone dead D: everything better be better tomorrow 
TO DEVIANTART PEOPLE : is it me or does artist block look like tofu 
Internet was out yesterday . Life sucked 
