My niece is spending the night ! We are going to plan her birthday party and then see the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie . YEAH !!! 

Thought I should send an update ... Just passed 2 finals and am abotu to begin 2 new classes . Things sure move fast in nursing ! 
3 more days of clinicals and 2 finals . The semester is almost over ! 
I am ready for school to start up again ! 
I have been uploading photos to albums . Take a look ! 
Studying for another exam tomorrow . Clinging to my A ... 
< PROPFIRST > and I are engaged !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yesterday was the best clinical day since I started nursing school ! Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Modern Family on ABC is the BEST show !!! It makes me laugh for a full 30 minutes every time !!!!! 
The date is set ! Saturday , September 4th , Labor Day weekend ! 
A friend of mine has an apartment that she needs to rent . It is a 1 bedroom/1 bathroom in Greeley , CO . $495/month plus electricity . Let me know if you are interested . :-) 
Only 2 more weeks !!!! 
UGH !! I woke up at 2 AM and could not get back to sleep . Here it is 4:38 AM , and I am only now just getting tired again . However , my final is in 3 hours . Oh , well . I'll sleep when I graduate . 
Finals are done and I am VERY happy with my grades !! I am completely free until May 24 , which is when I start my summer nursing internship at the < PROPFEMALE > VA hospital . Life is good !!!! 
Aahhh ! I just downloaded an upgrade to my phone and in the process it lost half of my phone < PROPFIRST > . Please email or text your number to me . Thanks ! 
tKeeping my eyes on Jesus , despite the frustration . 
Awesome day at the < PROPFEMALE > VAMC ! The people are all so awesome ! I cannot wait to start the clinical portion of my internship ! 
My newest cousin just spit up on me . LOL !!!! He is so beautiful ! 
This is the last week of my internship . :( I have has such a wonderful time at the < PROPFEMALE > VAMC ! However , I am really looking forward to getting back to school . Only one year left !!!!! 
YEAH !!!! The wedding and reception were wonderful ! We want to thank everyone who helped us out . It was perfect !!! 
Assisted in the births of two babies yesterday . Well , the first one I just watched . LOL ! It was an awesome day ! 
I would like to encourage people to be open to young pregnant women and mothers . They all need your kindness , understanding , and acceptance . Not judgements . 
I like it on the side table by the kitchen . 
Not feeling well this morning . Hopefully , it will go away soon , as I have an exam . 
Well , I am feeling much mote sober now . Throwing up in the toilet will do that . Well , happy end of semester ! 
Nursing School is done for the semester . So , my status is : LIFE IS WONDERFUL !!!!! 
Woke up at 1:30 AM . So , I started studying for the quiz I will be taking later this morning . :( 
AAAAHHHHHH ! Give us the test already ! 
