... here you are down on your knees again ... 

who effin knows . it's supposed to freeze over too . so we may . we're going to end up not having a spring break if it keeps it up . which will suck . supposedly in the month of feb . we are supposed to get 5 big snows ... and we've gotten 2 plus what it did last night , which wasn't much except freezing really . so .. we may be getting some more . 
Needs a roomate in < PROPFIRST > !! 
Here you are down on your knees again , trying to find air to breathe again . Only surrender will help you now . I love you , please see and believe again . 
Suck my clip , swollow my bullets , and don't you spit . eeeeegggghhhhh . 
Suck my clip , swollow my bullets , and don't you spit . eeeeegggghhhh . party a la casa de Darian Friday =) 
I'm busy fuckin ' the world and giving the universe my damn tongue . 
Music suggestions anyone ? 
Frosted like the frostin ' on flakes , we call it ice cream . 
So let's say , we've done this all before . Cause ' I know you play your games , and I run the same . 
I wanted to be that breath of fresh air , when everything smelled so insincere . But this taste still lingers in my mouth , deceit has ways of sticking around . And I'm ready to disappear , vacation seems far , seems far from here . 
Party a la casa de Darian . 
If I could take you somewhere , I'd take you to the darkest place . Scatter you in < PROPMALE > forms , admire the whore beauty in different ways . Your hands on picture frames , your eyes in the glass , wear your face as a mask 
Hold on , excuse me ma'am , what come on my sausage biscuit ? 
ooo yay ! WET seats in the iroc . just LOVELY . 
< PROPFEMALE > is the Masta . Masta Beta . 
Wake , wake , wake her from this sea of white linens and extract the drugs from her dreams , and sew her seams with delicateness ' cause beneath her chest sits the heart that I live for , you'd kill for , the angels would die for . 
Lovely Friday 
3 dogs and 3 cats ... what have I gotten myself into ?? 
Eclipse tonight .... yyyyaaaayyyy !!! 
Your mom is economy size . 
going to a party all alone . i'm terrified . people are scary . 
How about the new season of True Blood ? ccccrrrraaazzzzyyy 
And it's all in how you mix the two , and it starts just where the light exists . It's a feeling that you cannot miss and it burns a hole through everyone that feels it . 
I'm an ocean in your bedroom , make you feel warm , make you wanna re-assume , now we know it all for sure . 
15 days . 
13 days . 
12 days . 
7 days . 
3 days . 
Finally 18 
Can't believe I'm sitting at the house on my 18th birthday . 
DSCC is about to get my foot up their ASS !! 
i need another job . BBAADD . 
I love how people get the tattoos I wanted !! 
It is entirely too hot . 
some people just make me sick . 
Here I am trying to live , or rather , I am trying to teach the death in me how to live . 
bout to get tatted up !! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !! yyeeeaaahhh !! 
well baby , to a hammer everything looks like a nail . 
has the coolest boss ever . He is pretty much the shit !! 
loves how my boss likes to put statuses on my effin facebook !!! 
GOT < PROPFEMALE > TICKETS !! 
every day i see my dream , i see my dream son . 
this lust to my < PROPFIRST > almost feels like a gun . 
< PROPFIRST > or no < PROPFIRST > ? 
those pretty girls can play their games , but they're damn well going to know my name . 
classes tomorrow . ugghhh so nervous . 
you know you're redneck when you do the cotton eye < PROPFIRST > in the club ! 
homework and hypocrites . woo . 
I hate college . 
Being faced with what I'm faced with I feel like I can't rock . Like a rock hit my heart , started to chain the day , and exploded into pieces . 
And no I'm not afraid , at least not to die . I'm afraid to live and not remember why . 
< PROPFEMALE > Lambert , you are only a few hours away ! 
So what's this boring Friday got in store for me tonight ? 
bonfire tonight at la casa de darian for ambers cumpleanos . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a crazy bitch my friend , and I hope she visits your ass real soon . 
You're gonna need a bodybag I'll break bones you didn't know you had . When I'm done there will be nothing left of you for your friends to hold on to when they find you cold and blue tonight face down in a parking lot . Next time around think about what you say before you run your mouth cause you're all alone and you're nothing without your friends now . You can tell the pavement what you really said but I already know . 
i love my brother so much ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ) hes the coolest guy youll ever meet , this isnt him 
do you ever feel me ? 
is so SICK of assholes !!! 
I hate that I care so much . 
english homework ... psychology homework ... philosophy homework ... history homework ... speech midterm ... does it ever end ? 
anyone have any motivation they can donate ? 
\everything is water \"- Thales " 
is soooo sick of doing papers and speeches . 
visual aid speech on regerative medicine ... psychology paper on meth ... english paper on .. something ... philosophy paper on ontological paradoxes . anyone got any suggestions ? 
I NEED POWERPOINT !!! 
what is the point in having teachers when they won't e-mail you back or answer any of your questions . I think I would be better off teaching myself . 
smexy-another word for sexy . but better . A mixture between sexy and smelly , if someones smelly but you would like to f *** them they are smexy . \ 
\ ew .. whats that fishy smell ? \ " \ 
woo for Friday ! 
is anyone doing ANYTHING tonight ? gee . 
I was born on 7/31 and I live in the 731 area code . 
anyone know anyone who has any < PROPMALE > sheperd puppie ? 
anyway know anyone who has any < PROPMALE > sheperd puppies ? 
poppin bottles in the ice like a blizzard , when we drink we do it right , gettin slizzard . 
some teachers are just assholes . 
poppin ' bottles in the ice , like a blizzard , when we drink we do it right , gettin ' slizzard . 
woo . 100 on the Philosophy final . Let's just hope my other 5 finals go as good ! 
making potato soup and writing a research paper , all at the same time . woo for multi-tasking . 
FML ! I just got an e-mail from my online teacher saying sorry MR , Harper ... I'm not too sure what to think of that .. 
woo . 100 on the philosophy final , 100 on the speech final , let's cross our fingers for the other 4 . 
ugh . I wish I could have an essay written at the snap of my fingers . I'm ready to go to < PROPFIRST > to see my besties . 
christmas shopping . fun fun . 
eff this hole in my shirt . no matter which way i sew it .. it just gets bigger . 
I feel like shooting myself in the face . 
Why are some girls so naive ? He didn't unbutton your blouse to see a better view of your heart . Oh yeah , can't blame you for trying . 
Her mind's made up , the love is gone . I think someone's trying to show us a sign , that even if we thought it would last ... the moment would pass . 
homework date with the boyfriend . =) 
uughhh . fml . my phone just decided to not work anymore . 
tattoo suggestions ? 
i hate being completely awake so late . boring . 
woo for fridays and tattoos . 
cross your fingers I can activate this phone ! 
I have to find the movie Hotel Rwanda . 
HHHOOOMMMEEEWWOOOORRRKKKK !!!! 
They say I look yummy and they want a taste , but I'm a human , not a sandwhich . haha 
< PROPFIRST > !! 
I don't sympathize cause ' you're a simple bitch . 
man it's thursday . bww sounds amazing ! 
in my space shuttle and i'm not coming down , i'm a stereo and she's just so monotone , sometimes it's just me and my bottles all alone , i aint coming back this time . 
everyone thinks that I have it all , but it's so empty living behind these castle walls , these castle walls . if I should tumble , if I should fall , would anyone hear me screaming behind these castle walls , there's no one here at all , these castle walls . 
ready to have a GREAT night with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hart and < PROPFEMALE > Argo !! 
i want a < PROPMALE > sheperd puppy . 
wooooooo Friday ! 
So ... I thought spring break was a break ? Please tell me JSCC teachers why I have work in 3 of my classes !? 
I wanan get out of this derned house . 
is ready to see all my wonderful friends in < PROPFIRST > ! 
