facebook is pretty different but fun !! 

SALIVA was AWESOME !!! 
not a bad bowling day !! shadle has alot of making up to do !! 40-8 
gonna be a comeback bowling year for high school league !!! cant wait for this weekend !! hope bowling could come quicker 
crushed at bowling today . here we come mt . spokane !!! 
Awesome NIGHT !!!!!!! 
Bowling this weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wooo what a bowling day . i shot a 299 and < PROPMALE > shot a 300.it gots to be the shadle park genes !! haha 
not feeling to much like hot shit , more like cold hard piss !!! 
\i solve life problems while mopping and buffing\ " !!! the official slogan of a graveyard floor worker :) " 
I am a two time JBT champion today !!! woooy wooooot !!! I beat < PROPFIRST > Locke 267-212 !!! 
3rd place down in Pasco is not so bad with a 217 average for 9 games !!! 
Won my 2nd JBT in a row !!!! Now I have three titles on the season !! I beat < PROPFIRST > Locke 236-192 in the finals !!!! 
what's on my mind ? well BOWLING of course gosh dang it !!!!!! 
Man I need to hit the lanes pretty soon !! I'm creeping up on two weeks without bowling !! DAMN ! Not Good !! 
I'm creeping on two weeks with no bowling !! I'm really missing my love and passion !! Oh and DAMN Mr. < PROPMALE > knows how to give a speech !! Very moving !! 
Damn I can not make league tomarow or friday because of baseball but hey we are going to REGIONALS !!! 
Wednsday night bowling league tomarow !!! I have not bowled for 3 in a half weeks !! blah !! Plus its a professional shot so I'll shoot like crap most likely !! What a great way to welcome me back to my passion . lol 
GOING TO RENO JULY 23RD for a bowling tournament !!!! I'm HELLA EXCITED !!!!! plus 3 straight bowling league days starting tomarow !! welcome back my love and passion !! 
PBA League tonight !!! 
I shot a 924 with a 176 tonight . lol ( 231 average for 4 games ) . i guess i am still a good bowler after bowling so crappy last night . lol 
my oh my !! very surreal 
well never missing a day of school since kindergarden is an awesome goal to achieve for me in this life !!! i gotta say some of those days i was just physically there and not mentally . lol . especially senior year ! 
had an awesome time today at ridgeview seeing past teachers and helping < PROPFEMALE > with field day !!!! little kids sure are fast little buggers . haha 
this rain is a love hate thing just like my job !!! 
WOOOOOO no work tonight !! the down factor is i work loads tomarow and saturday !!! but hey it's money !!!! 
Made bank today !!! Then makeing more bank tonight , tomarow day , and tomarow night !!! chip chip cherio !!!! and to throw it in with that good news , bowling tonight and tomarow !!! 
doooooo beeeeeeeee dooooooooooo beeeeeeeeee doooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hanging with the greatest cousins ever !!! then work later tonight , which I'm awkwardly looking forward to . 
Doing the laundry right now . The most productive thing I have done all day !!! chip chip cherio !!! 
I shot my 4th sanctioned 300 today !!! What an amazing one day early birthday present !! ( On the side I found out the casino is a love hate relationship ) 
You gotts love Wi-fi !!! In MONTANA for < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding !!!! wooooooo !!! family time !!! 
hallalua !!! back in home sweet home Spokane !! the wedding was very awesome ( loads of kick ass dancing ) Congratulations goes out to the new couple < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
On the road again , It is great to be back on the road again !! It's been nothing but long driving for me the past 4 days and more exhausting driving for the next 3 days to come 
workie workie tonight , long drive to Asotin . oh yippee ! 
on my way to work !!! another night of hell 
sweet time last night at the little shindoo !!! even though I was the person who everybody asks \who was that kid again ? \"" 
self confidence builds over time !!! 
First day of league was today !! It is great to be back at North Bowl !! The Alumni JBT is gonna be the bomb ! 
Today is the Alumni JBT Tournament . WOOOOT WOO T.T he season has began !! 
my truck is ALIVE !!! replacing a bad altenator is a tough thing to do in the dark !! 
my cousin < PROPMALE > won his first JBT title yesterday !! I am so proud of him !! this is the year of the left hander with red hair and glasses !! interesting combo of attributes that is . lol 
woo got the new prodigy ( bowling ball) !! i get to punch it out today !! i finally get to say in an intense dramatic voice \I am a prodigy \"!!!" 
what a day !! coaching is gonna be hard this year on the high school league because i really just want to bowl with them !! 
JBT this weekend in Pullman !! I'm stuffing 6 JBT bowlers in our RV , and thats not even including the parents !!! 
weekend = bowling.my oh my what a wonderful phrase !!! 
pullman tomarow !!! roadtrip !! good thing we are taking an r.v. because im gonna need a bed to crash after work tonight !! 
what an awesome day !!!! im tired !!! i like kayli !!! im at her house currently !!! watching baby mama !!! bout to eat pizza !! i got 2nd place at the jbt in pullman !!! < PROPFIRST > gamble beat me !!! way to get your first title man !!! car ride was freaking fun !!! yup that covers everything that i want to share 
\7 days without bowling makes one weak . . . \ " - Wheatland Lanes . ( oh what a beautiful saying ! ) " 
what i on my mind !!!??? goood question . im thinking kayli at the moment !! :) 
wooooo gonna release my inner maniac tonight at the dance ! 
me at kayli's house soon ? oh i think yes !!! durrrrrrrrrrrr 
ya i wish we got a hot tub a long time ago over a trampoline !!! damn my kidish mind suggestion of a trampoline 
peanut butter shake equals amazing at first until the < PROPMALE > queeezyness hits later !!! 
another 2nd place finish at the JBT in Post Falls yesterday . but im still in first place beating Jessee in the overall standings !!! plus I averaged 218 for 11 games and had to bowl 3 more games of league after the JBT . man my shoulder is sore today !! 
oh damn you apple cider !!!! you caused my first bathroom break at my girlfriends house !!! 
GO with the FLOOOOOOOOW !!! 
very freaking long day at high school bowling today !! started off bad but finished strong because we actually picked up are spares !! now i get to finally bowl on my league tonight after being tortured in not being able to bowl today !! yipeeeeee 
man what a content day !! i swear i havn't spoken more then 50 words today !! nice and relaxing to say the least !! 
i gotta work like a mad man tonight !!!!!!!!!!! 
just a chillin at kaylis . man her computer is so much better then mine !!! jealously issues coming on !!! 
i would like my steak medium rare please ! 
playing guitar hero is so hard to play when you got a damn good looking girlfriend sitting next to you !! 
another 2nd place JBT . that is the 3rd in a row 2nd place finish for me and i keep losing to < PROPFIRST > in the title match . man i feel like < PROPMALE > weber vs . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . i just cant beat < PROPFIRST > . wooooo weeeeee . maybe it will take my doubles partner < PROPMALE > to take him down !! 
just living paycheck to paycheck !! and all that life goes to my truck so it can have a running life 
\me and you baby aint nothin but mammals so lets do it like they do it on the discovery channel \"" 
lets go to tower mountain !!!!! the < PROPMALE > hood !!! 
yes my computer is officially restored !!!!!!!!!!! can you give me a hallalua ?!! 
finally tomarow is the weekend !!! back to sanity with bowling and what i know best !!!! 
oh the JBT tomarow can't come soon enough !!! man i love weekends loaded with bowling !! 
today i had the 4th 2nd place finish in a row at the JBT !!! getting a little old but what can i say !! im a true bowler with that consistancy !! :) 
woooooo weeeee . finally off work and then work in 7 more hours then off at 6 and then back to work at 11 . now i like brakes but my gosh thats just insanity !!! 
holidays are over , yet the chocolates and desserts keep coming and coming !!! pros and cons to this . 
paint prepin and painting just turned into a trip to < PROPFIRST > in the box !!! 
hey if the seahawks go on and win the superbowl they will come out of the playoffs with a winning record !!! go seahawks !! 
what a day what a day , thats all i must say !!!! 
well if you are a working graveyard person you will understand this . i am gonna pull an \all dayer\ " !!! lol :) " 
missin my sweetness !! 
very glum !!!!!!!! messed up things big time !!!! but maybe theres hope . theres got to be always hope 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue and that is all i really need right now !!!! things will work out . i have complete faith :) 
i have the night off !!!!! can you say party on a monday night ? lol 
my minds on bowling right now and i cant get my mind out of the gutter on it . lol 
man i really need to shoot more 300's to keep up with all these high schoolers who keep busting them out . lol 
well cheers to this night off !!!! :D 
love is a word you use to settle you down 
high school bowling tomarow is gonna be intense to the < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
BRING ON THE COFFEE because i am beat ass tired from work and got one long ass day of coaching whoooooop whoooooop here we go !!!!! 
well well bowling was the shiz today !! of course the neon orange team kicked ass and won . congrats !!! shadle finished 4th !! :) wooooooo hoooooo . -cheney 2nd -nc 3rd- and mt . spokane narrowly 5th . then rogers and deer park have a showdown next sunday for the alternate . oh ya im ready to watch and enjoy the intensity !!! 
better to say to much then never saying anything at all !!!!! 
woooooooooooooo weeeeeeeeeeee stressed to the < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
so i guess trying to reslove the issue makes you an asshole . mmmmmmmmmmm strange brew right there !!!! 
dont try and resolve an issue so fast . it will resolve over time . lesson learned of the year !! thats a fact !!! mmmmmmmm since our cable provider direct tv doesnt have fox during the superbowl i guess we will have to rent out my aunts house and tv for the day while they are gone . lol 
Swiss tourney this saturday at valley bowl !!!! stoked to say the least !!! :) 
saw someone get pulled over in the drive thru at < PROPFIRST > in the box last night !!! lol 
well aint that a bitch !!!!! 
took first in the swiss tourney yesterday !!!!! damn we should have more tourneys like that !! it was fun as hell !!! side note : front 9 with a house ball and house shoes . ya i did it . lol 
\Ready When You Are\ " by Trapt damn that is a good song !!!!! " 
so i signed up for a frisbee golf tourney and ive only played twice in my whole life !!! should be interesting !! :) 
leftovers from < PROPFEMALE > garden you are mine tonight for me to devour ;) 
oh booooooooo hooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
can of corn for dinner ! satisfaction to the stomach ! :) 
disc golf tourney was hella tight . might be taking up a new sport !!!! 
go cheese heads !! go packers !!! 
i dont think i have ever pushed so many likes on peoples statuses because of the packers !!!!! wooooooooo go packers !!!! 
getty up , getty up , woooooooooooooooo doggie !!! 
lovely evening with jazmen ! the green hornet is a superb movie !!!!! peace out !! 
well heres to another night off !!! what to do on such a rare night off ? 
wooooooooo jbt tomarow !!! very stoked to the core of the < PROPMALE > !!! ya boiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii 
go with the flow and let things go , now here we go !!! 
shiiiiiiit . work !!! alright im getting off this damn couch !!! 
and iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii will always lovvvvvve youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu . damn < PROPFIRST > you got some lungs woman !!! 
ding < PROPFIRST > bila bing < PROPFEMALE > !!!! gonna be one hell of a day !!! im stoked for state hella bad from my face to my toes !!! now here we go !!! 
well sitting in 4th place as we speak . pretty good !! 
started the day in 4th and finished in 4th !!! hella nice job to the shadle park boys for an outstanding year . it was truly an honor to coach !! very nice job to the shadle park girls who are 2 time state champs . and a huge congrats to all the spokane bowlers who did exceptionaly well at state here in spokane !! thank gosh it was just a short down the street trip home !! 
snow blowin today ended up with the snow blowing back at me . nothing like fresh powder !!! :) 
you inspired me but I had no clue I inspired you 
donating some plasma today . super stoked to get poked !! ya boiiii 
its only awkward if you make it awkward 
bam bam pakistan !!! 
TGIF !!!! JBT in Deer Park this weekend !! high scoring , high < PROPFEMALE > , one high hell of a good time !!! 
diggity ! 
i never have anything to complain about !!! is that a good or bad thing ? your call 
so i average 248 today for the first 8 games at the jbt and i end up shooting 172 in the championship match !! WTF . plus this is my fifth 2nd place finish this jbt season . um call me < PROPMALE > the clutch choker !!! lol 
prime time baby !!! 
casino full throttle thank you very much for you got me through work tonight !!!!!! 
ummmmmmmmmmm sleeeeeeeep !!! ya 
playing with my stick and balls tonight !! ya im talking about playing some pool 
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeekkkkkk 
im telling ya the radio plays the best songs in the morning !!! crank it it up for a neighborhood wake up !!! 
ya what a day ! 
really ? 
Wicked Siege on the way !! i love rebates !! 
got the fury < PROPFEMALE > punched out !! yup yup !! 
woooooooooooooo threes days grace concert tonight !! then work . ahhhh shit why did i have to think of work !!!!! 
4 < PROPFIRST > house in cashemere !! damn i want to ship the minature building to my backyard right now !! :) 
mans greatest weakness is doubt 
what a grrrrrrrrr of a day !!! 
always rain on a gameday !! WTF !! 
and so we begin 
if you dont stand for something you'll fall for anything 
i'm talking about forever not temporaily 
was typing what i was searching for in my status box . that little laugh made my day a bit !!!! 
working graveyard and college morning classes . guess how i feel about this ? 
