Few problems friends and sodi pop can't fix 

I have the iq of a stump . but it's ok , it's all gonna burn down anyway and < PROPMALE > fires are good ... right ...? 
meh , i have good friends . < PROPMALE > fires ARE good . 
Grey indeed 
Grey indeed .......... Earl Grey even 
Life ... Can be really be something . 
If the sky that we look upon Should tumble and fall And the mountain should crumble to the sea I won't cry , I won't cry No I won't shed a tear Just as long as you stand , stand by me 
I am now employed , and in a job I love . I am in an undergraduate research program setup to be even more than I ever wanted . With some luck , I'm moving into a better house . Wow . Now if only ... 
I'd take you away\ 
\ 
Castaway on a lonely day\ 
Bosom for a teary cheek\ 
My song can but borrow your grace\ 
Ever felt away with me\ 
Just once that all I need\ 
Entwined in finding you one day\ 
Ever felt away without me\ 
My love , it lies so deep\ 
Ever dream of me 
Enchantress came to me and said :\ 
Meet me at the lake tonight\ 
I hummed this song to the white\ 
Through the shroud of snow I saw\ 
Paradise\ 
Peace\ 
No more lies 
This dream we dream would seem to have a mind of it's own . It pulls you in it's fold and refuses let go . 
\I like to growl and be funny \"" 
Campfire with friends and family . It was a great day . Being this relaxed and de-stressed has been so far away . Tonight , I will rest when I sleep . The only way it could be better is with more friends 
After literally hours of deep , stimulating conversation , I was left with a single thought . Much of life , the accomplishment , the freedom , the time to try , can be fueled by a good cup a coffee . . . . Ok , maybe a few cups 
is bliss . And now perplexingly finds the coming hours to come still yet slower , and finds what they bring as a yet greater mystery . 
Chemistry . And tests on Friday . While the former is not inherently evil , the combination isn't doing very well when you add an instructor that makes you feel stupid . 
\If you're going through Hell 
Do not worry if you have built your castles in the air . They are where they should be . Now put the foundations under them . 
What would happen if we treated each day as if it were birthed by some divine union ? And what if we treated our lives with the same importance ? 
is looking forward to an easy weekend . Only a project , 3 papers , some failed chemistry , re-modeling , taxi-ing , and ... I forget . 
You gotta want it 
is Grey 
Interesting day , in a lot of ways . Hard , but with some beautiful surprises . 
I'm just so happy 
Getting up is just so hard 
Is ... happy 
Her capability inspires me 
Wants an old school saturday . You know , cartoons , slow morning , hot breakfast . 
What is on my mind , you ask me facebook ? Jazz . 
What be troublin ye , asks pirate fb ? I let myself get behind , computers stopped working , suffered a near fatal cat attack . But ... life goes on . 
