I am sick . I feel like the ferret who got stuck in a toilet paper tube after an all-night kibble binge . My head is feels like it's swimming in a lap pool of mucus and hot blood . Blub . Blub . 

I've never been less perfect than today . Is it my heart or my mind What's in the way ? I'm listening with nothing left to say . Savior make this dimness fade away . 
Brother is staying the night . I am tired , have work early . God help us all . 
High Energy college group tonight . Missed a few folks though ... Must investigate . 
I'm so excited for my new contract . It sounds inane , but accounting is so intensely gratifying to learn , especially considering how long some of it's core tenets have evaded me . Building a balanced double-entry P&L report from a scratch list of vendors , bills , customers , and recipts takes quite a bit of skill . I have learned a solemn respect for the men and women who do this professionally . 
Just finished cleaning my room , have several loads of laundry queued up . Only thing left now is to relax :) 
Whew . Church was great . Is great . Will ever be great . Uhm . Okay , so I'll stop talking . But yeah . Good times . Time . Times to be . Dangit . 
CG was interesting tonight . I'm bad at things , I found out . Like balancing on stuff . Or hitting soccer balls with various limbs , and social interaction ; writing comprehensive study notes ; figuring out the first level of the wind < PROPFEMALE > in Phantom Hourglass ; and generally just not making a fool of myself . Yes . I'm quite bad at these things . 
Also , work changed today , and not for the better . Oh well . We can't all be winners . 
Grahh ... =_=; Just now getting home from work . Teh suck . Wtb working vehicle , 10$ or less . PST . 
To all that prayed , thanks . My granny seems to be out of the woods for now . I don't really know her entire status yet , but there is a strong prognosis from what my parents are saying . 
I am Cowboy'd Up tonight . Please don't judge me . 
If both Oregon and Oregon State win their next games , it looks like the Civil War game will decide who goes to the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl BCS this year . That's gonna be a serious clash of the titans . The earth is trembling already . 
The computer is moved . This moves me . 
Hmm . Picked up Devil Survivor for the DS . Wanted something to entertain my hands while I'm enjoying the Holiday . In general , I <3 Atlus and the Shen Megami Tensei series , but I wish they'd keep a consistent < PROPMALE > style . Or at least , keep the same < PROPMALE > Style for they did with the Persona series . The < PROPMALE > istry that goes into those is just crazy . 
Just watched Night at the Museum 2 : Battle for the Smithsonian , and I was seriously pleasantly surprised by how hilarious it was . I did not expect that quality or quantity of humor . 
I just found out today that I don't have to work for Christmas . Better yet , I get 5 whole days in a row off for the event . And then I do it again the next week after that ! Hurray ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Johnstone makes the best soup I've ever had . She also is the worst friend I've ever had . [ Protip ]: Never eat pie around her , and if she comments about how it smells ; SHRUG IT OFF . 
I am home . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! My cousins are amazing . I love them all . 
My brother is engaged to my soon-to-be sister in law ! It's ridonkulous ! 
In direct response to < PROPFIRST > Frost's Doppelganger week photo-thing , I've got three pictures I'm stuck in between . DQ Qualls ( the ugly-skinny guy from early-2000s teen movies ... high school sucked btw ) , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Moore ( the ugly skinny guy from Avatar ) , and Beck ! ( Who is not ugly , my clear favorite ) . Anyone have any preferences/better ideas ? 
I learned the distinction between the super-ego and the ego today . Also ; according to accepted modern psychology , I qualify as a deeply disturbed individual . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , Gore Verbinski , and < PROPFIRST > DeGrasso are what this day is known for . March 16th is so lame . 
2 Deep Fried Philly Rolls , 1 Spicy Tuna Roll , 1 Vegas Roll , 1 Tempura Shrimp Roll , and a bowl of steamed soy beans . I am stuff'd silly . 
I feel lame , but I just learned about Zoë Keating . I love Cello , and she's good , but the way she does sampling is so ... interesting . It's very well-layered music . Dense . 
My head feels like it's splitting in half :( 
I upgraded my text plan today and now I'm paying 15$ a month less than I was before . Go figure . 
Babies aren't people . They are tyrants . Oppressive , sleepy , tyrants . 
I really liked < PROPMALE>'s chili !!! 
I smell like Mook and I don't know why . 
