Dear Pessimism : You are no longer welcome here . Please vacate the premises by the end of the week , which is- oh look- tomorrow . Get out or I'll throw you out . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 

is a master of the game-planning variety . 
is at the hospital with the boy , and his hair looks like the Heatmeiser . 
loves her roommate , the awesome < PROPFIRST > Barron ... and her shovel 
is spending her first night in a hospital . Not as a patient , but still ... 
finally got to bring < PROPFIRST > home . Now he's recuperating ... or should I say being lazy and playing more Nintendo than can possibly be healthy ? 
loves you all . Congratulations to you . 
gets to entertain small children for hours on end ! Coincidentally , I plan on being dead tomorrow . 
wishes she were asleep but has to find the damn directions first . 
just got back from Fort Knox and out of the dress of DOOM ! 
bought a car and named him < PROPMALE > . What can I say , he's my Italian stallion ... RAWR !!!! 
still has so much to get done before Thursday ... 
noticed a distinct lack of Urinetown today ... and missed it . Boo . 
got in a car wreck , made some friends , started college classes , and ate some Easy < PROPMALE > ... good week . 
is taking a while to rest before heading off to the next Religion class . Apparently my college schedule set aside Tuesdays and Thursdays for Jesus . 
hopes to get a job on campus , and may possibly be hired as a Sunday morning pianist for the church across the street ! 
finds the debate between Socrates and the Sophists fascinating . How much of ourselves can we devote to Truth , when there is no one Ultimate Truth ? All our ethical decisions are influenced by shades of grey . 
should have been asleep long ago , but became obsessed with uploading a ridiculous amount of pictures onto Facebook . Class in five hours , whoo ! 
thinks it's a good thing she has practice functioning on three hours of sleep ... unhealthy , but good . 
wishes you all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
just watched An Affair to Remember for the first time . Glad I got to share this awesomely miserable experience with my favorite roomie ! 
feels traumatized by the sight of the football team doing a cheer outside her dorm ... wearing nothing but thongs . Thanks , guys . 
got a job ! Hooray for me ! 
found five dollars . Not really . But she did eat a cookie ... not really . But she does suspect she may be on crack right now . 
is back home ! For a little while , anyway . Urinetown tonight , and I can't wait ! 
should never be allowed into Barnes and Nobles unaccompanied ... ever . 
is cuddling with her roommate ... but < PROPFIRST > doesn't know it . Yeah , I'm a creeper . 
just got mauled by an angry roommate with a lightsaber . The Force is strong with her . 
is stoked to own Dr. Horrible's Sing Along Blog on DVD , and plans on forcing < PROPFIRST > to watch it ... because good friends do stuff like that . 
seriously loves her Music Appreciation class , even if I've known everything we've gone over so far ... < PROPFEMALE > , check ; tempo , check ; dynamics , check . 
is about to go watch a movie with a large < PROPMALE > prostitute doing what she does best in it . Thank heavens for Honors English 112 ! 
feels a complete fool , and hates her brain both for containing the memories and playing them over and over . 
thinks tonight is turning from a terrible night into the best night of her life . 
loves messaging < PROPFIRST > on Facebook even though she's sitting a few feet away . ROOMIE LOVE ! 
is going to shower , then < PROPFEMALE>'s 18th B-Day party ! Yay for our little corner of Knight Hall ! 
is steadily falling in love with the Next to Normal soundtrack . 
is heading back to Georgetown right ... about ... NOW ! 
wants to play < PROPFEMALE > in Next to Normal . The phrase \art imitates life\ " comes to mind . " 
would apparently best be played by < PROPFIRST > Spader . Who knew he and I looked so much alike ? 
wishes < PROPFIRST > Pan would fly in right about now to save her from this whole growing-up business ... 
is busy making with the awkward silence . 
just exploded . Clean up in room 149 . 
feels the dread < PROPFEMALE > to stay sleeping creeping up again . 
hates that all this talking might as well be silence . 
Dear Class , You suck . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > 
is playing the game of \Can I Pick This Lock ? \ " outside her dorm room . Quick answer : No . " 
found out it's ADHD Awareness Month . Be aware of me ! BE AWARE ! 
had a great night/morning with Jenn , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > ... and is REALLY glad this is the weekend ! 
just found out that Darth Maul played Snake Eyes ... too much awesome to handle ! 
And she may cry , but her tears will dry/When I hand her the keys to shiny new Australia ... 
loves watching stupid Internet videos with friends . 
got two new nicknames in one night : Peanut and Bendy ! 
Me : < PROPFIRST > , how did you find my magic button ? Katie : ... That's what she said . 
has an hour to kill before Music Appreciation . I just love classes where I already know the answers ! 
is getting ready to study for tomorrow's New Testament test . Jesus is awesome ; how much more do I really need to know ? 
Studying is made of suck . 
just failed her New Testament test . Cardboard box , here I come ! 
hates this place . I'm seriously regretting my college decision . 
in the past month has wrecked her car , been robbed , got kicked off campus , came back to campus only to be treated like shit , lost her roommate/best friend , and left Georgetown for good ... On the other hand , I had a really delicious doughnut . 
thinks she might have finally had the idea that has what it takes to be a book . 
was just attacked by the legendary Fail Whale . Luckily my eternal fountain of WIN ! conquered it . Go on , village folk . Praise me . 
Dear Face : Please wipe that ridiculous grin off this very instant . You're making us look like an idiot . 
is stalking you . Pay no attention to the girl behind the shrubbery ! 
would like to extend an invisitation to < PROPMALE > Crocket to her gutter-warming party . 
is going to steal the piano she saw today in H&H . Anyone have experience breaking and entering ? 
is ready to be the leading lady of her own life , damn it ! 
should be asleep , but once again I laugh in the face of sleep deprivation ! HAHAHA ! 
is the best sister EVER ! No , seriously . 
has the heart and soul of an idealist . Unfortunately , my eyes are realists and my brain's downright pessimistic . 
wonders how reasonable deciding to shop for swimsuits in the dead of winter really is . Piece of cake , right , < PROPFIRST > !? 
Dear Life : Well played . Once again , I lose . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > 
Guess who's playing < PROPFEMALE > in the Henderson production of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead ? I'll give you a hint : It's ME !!!!!!!! 
is filled with evil glee- the best kind . 
gets to celebrate her almost-birthday with her bestest friend tonight ! Hooray for probation ! 
is looking forward to celebrating tomorrow ... for my BIRTHDAY ! HAHA ! Suck it , < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Dear Self : Congratulations on another successful year of not falling prey to that dread monster normality and his twin brother mediocrity . You may be strange , but boring you are not . Job well done . 
thinks today should be Hug a Stranger Day . Coincidentally , I just hugged every single one of you in my mind , strangers or no . 
has a beautiful mind . An beautiful , awkward , dirty mind that poor sisters/best friends should fear . 
thinks that empty piece of floor is purposely mocking her with its napability . 
feels like dancing . Too bad I have seven left feet . 
works best when she's underprepared and extremely tired . So today should go great ! 
loves you . That is all . 
had a great rehearsal tonight ! Good job to all those involved ! 
gets to make puppets and celebrate the joy of Dr. Seuss with a bunch of miniature humans . Then there's the epic upcoming Ali-ness . Good day . 
has a huge crush on the musical Jekyll and Hyde , especially Dangerous Game . That song is powerful sexy . 
really needs to stop being such a softie . Especially if she's going to cry every time she has to turn down someone calling the church for a handout . Must ... squash ... temptation ... to pay ... whatever they need ... out of my own pocket ... 
gets to be < PROPFEMALE > in the balcony scene and give Jaque's monologue for HCT's \Twelfth Night Tavern . \ " Now I can't decide whether I'm more disappointed or excited about canceling Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead . " 
can't wait for Twelfth Night Tavern this Saturday at 7:30 ! Anyone want to come ? It's free ! * subtle begging * 
is going to conquer the world ... first thing tomorrow . Today I feel like going to the park . 
felt really weird staying home rather than going to rehearsal last night . It's like a phantom limb ! 
loves the weather today . Seriously . I know we've had our ups and downs , but right now I'm feeling that a long-term relationship could finally work ... 
thinks it's a little ironic that her phone died the day Jesus didn't . Is this an omen ? If so , I am confused . 
wishes honest , respectful discussions still existed . 
is staring with unparalleled longing at a box of hair dye ... I miss my red hair ... 
Oh , look ! A box ! On the street ! * settles down inside said box * Yup , that seems about right . 
can has red hair ! Oh , yes she can ! 
thinks her head may very well explode ... Wait for it ... Wait for it ... BOOM ! 
Dear Facebook , Thank you for erasing my profile information . That was very kind of you . Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
loves writing awkward stories for awkwarder best friends . 
is experiencing glee ... the emotion , not the TV show . 
just watched Lost in Austen . I laughed , I cried , I developed a big ole ' friend crush on < PROPFIRST > Wickham ( I know , right ? O.o ) ... quite the experience 
is packing for Grand Assembly . 
is too lazy to be profound . 
is practicing her monologue for auditions tonight ... * falls over dead * 
had never been in a car wreck that involved air bags and actual injuries ... until tonight . Just for future reference , Nameless Man in Green Truck : Stop signs are not optional ! 
wants to be < PROPFEMALE > Pond when she grows up ... or for Halloween . Whichever comes first . 
took over the world today . And then she ate a cookie ! Mmm ... cookie ... 
wishes < PROPFIRST > Smith the happiest birthday EVER !!! You're so old . my friend ! 
Dear God , You've been putting in a rather unsatisfactory performance as of late . Please consider this your last warning . If this behavior continues , I'll have to serve you your notice of termination . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > 
is doing something awesome . 
feels very warm towards humanity in general . I LOVE YOU , HUMANITY ! 
loves her new car , the formidable Fraulein Pumpkin . It was fun while it lasted , < PROPMALE > . 
thinks Ren Fest was the most awesomely awesome thing to ever be awesome . 
is a goddess , according to that dude at Ren Fest . Nothing like a compliment from a man wearing a cape to make you feel good about yourself ... 
How about it , facebook ? Group hug ? 
apparently had a conversation about fictional characters making her breakfast this morning ... and the strangest thing is that I wanted omelettes . Note to all future imaginary friends who fix me breakfast : Pancakes for the win ! 
just remembered several things that make her extremely happy : 1 . In just a few hours my bestie will ( try to ) teach me more ballroom dancing for the upcoming Asbury trip . 2 . There is an upcoming Asbury/Renfest trip this weekend ! And 3 . Halloween is in almost three weeks ! < PROPFEMALE > and costumes and parties rock my socks ! 
has a status . For the first time in months . What an auspicious event . I wonder if I spelled auspicious correctly ... 
hears the ocean is big and blue and awesome . One day I plan to see it . Possibly to run into it fully clothed and laughing like a moron . 
