goin bowlin this morning ... wooo hooo ! 

I don't \get\ " evolution . How does one species all of a sudden change into another ? It sounds made up to me . I would rather settle for not knowing how life came to be than believe in evolution . " 
Home made burritos are the BOMB ! 
The past is on my mind ... all the times I felt adored ... you know that cool feeling in your gut , the rush that flows through your body when that special someone smiled at you ... held your hand ... looked into your soul ... 
I just saw a clip of an R&B video ... the name of the song ? wait for it ... Birthday Sex . Seriously ? I thought it was an SNL or In Living Color skit ! Music is so disappointing these days . 
I'm feeling very nostalgic today ... It's weird when you feel like the past is haunting you ... 
Can I PLEASE just be motivated already !? 
buying tickets to someone's memorial service is sick and twisted ... 
\Beams of love originate in and emanate from our hearts . \"" 
summer colds are the worst ! 
the mucous is here ... 
I hate how networks keep creating these awesome shows and then canceling them after I'm already hooked ! 
I have nothing better to do than to keep up with Mafia Wars and these other games here on Facebook . And , yet , I continue to be entertained by them ... 
I love being able to order Domino's online and have it delivered to my house . mmmmm ... pizza 
What time is it ?... 4:30 ... its not late , no NO ! Its just early , early , EARLAAAYYY ! 
I'm finally finished with all my updates , requests and games etc on facebook . Yes ... I am that bored . 
so unbelievably bored ... 
Is it just me or is Farmville better than Farmtown ? Yeah , its just me .... 
is really confused about the drastic changes in temperature 
can't understand why it's so difficult for people to just talk and be honest with each other 
why would someone ask an artist to create something for them , and then have the nerve to tell them there's something wrong with it ? Hmmmmmmm 
Maybe if we built a giant badger ... 
reach out and touch faith ... 
Sometimes I think I'd rather play the original < PROPFIRST > Bros game than Mafia wars ... 
It's raining ! Time for movies , hot chocolate and popcorn ! 
I love this time of year ... scary movies rock ! 
just saw Paranormal Activity ... not so great ... a couple of jumps towards the end but I've seen more scary things on Ghost Hunters ... it was basically two hours of my life that I'll never get back ... 
Okay , I'd like to revise my Paranormal Activity reveiw ... this movie stays with you ! I now hear EVERY noise in my house and some of the scenes keep repeating in my mind . Very creepy ... 
wow ! this new twitter-inspired-annoying-minute by minute-update thing on facebook is relentless ! I'm really okay not knowing that much info ! 
Cheerios keeps it real ... 
No one can make you feel inferior without your permission - < PROPFEMALE > Rosevelt 
happy turkey day everyone ... I don't really care about the actual holiday ... I just like the food part ... 
my turkey smells oh so good ! 
leftovers ROCK ! 
Just saw 2012 and I have to say its a disaster junkie's wet dream . It had everything , falling buildings , fire , volcanos , earthquakes , mega tsunamis , over-turned ships ... shall I continue ? 
the world looks mighty good to me cuz tootsie rolls are all I see whatever it is I think I see becomes a tootsie roll to me tootsie rolls have lots of chocolatey chew tootsie rolls I think I'm in love with you whatever it is I think I see becomes a tootsie roll to me ! 
playing frisbee indoors is fun ! 
these pretzels are making me THIRSTY ! 
woot off today ... normally exciting but they're stuck on 2 bags of pistachios for $19 .... WTF ? 
Got a hair cut , got my nails done , did some shopping ... I'm ready for the weekend ! 
It's cold and I don't want to move ... 
just finished watching < PROPMALE > season 4 ... my mind is blown ... 
the mucous has returned ... Blast this cold and flu season ! 
watching Bizarre Foods all day has made me really hungry ... lets face it , bizarre food is still food ! 
can't sleep cuz my nose is stuffed up ... turns out that breathing is a big part of having a good nights sleep ... go figure 
happy festivus ! that's right ! its a festivus for the rest of us ! I'm gonna go attend the feats of strength now ... 
my cats are so funny ... they run out the garage ( after using the litter box ) like they did something bad and its time to run from the federales ... I wonder if they feel guilty for taking a shit ? WTF are they running from ? lol 
listening to the movie \Mannequin\ " in the backround ... so silly but always a classic for me ... \ " nothin's gonna stop us now ... \"" 
yeah , yeah , yeah , happy new year and stuff ... 
For this year , I'll be working on several things ... opening my spirit up to success and gratitude ( actually , that's one of my daily resolutions ) ... learning to see all the layers of value I have ... opening my heart up and letting people in , even though I'm scared of getting hurt ... accepting my personality unconditionally , even the ugly parts ... 
I understand privacy and boundaries and all that ... but there has to be a balance ! People who have nothing to hide , hide nothing ... ya know ? 
Furthermore , I've noticed that most people who go ghost hunting don't know what the hell they are doing ! It's like they'll believe anything that creeps them out is paranormal ... so retarded . Does the word \evidence\ " mean anything ?! " 
NO ! I haven't seen Avatar ! 
i just tripped over a box 
I think I should have a twitter account ... I have way too many important status updates for others to miss out on ... i.e. I'm making coffee 
Just got back from watching Avatar ... It was a good movie ... I liked the concept when I saw it a few years ago in Final Fantasy : The Spirits Within . So I like Avatar but it wasn't anything new and exciting to me ... that's right ... I said it ! 
Ferngully + blue cg + 3D = Avatar 
Hey peeps ! Keep an eye out for my new listings on Etsy ... for those of you who didn't know , I make jewelry and sell it on Etsy . I know this is a shameless plug ... but who ever said I had shame ? 
ya , so I tripped over a box at my house a few days ago , then yesterday I tripped over a box at work ... I'm so pretty ... 
Timely : Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
I'm lost in my own world ... and I like it ... 
not sure what to make for dinner ... 
My advice for today : DON'T BE A TOOL ! that is all ... 
My husband recorded my snoring last night and played it back to me this morning ... I'm mortified ! I sound like a baby moose ! 
I love the word \balls \"" 
worked 4 days straight with no time to check my farm ... blast ! 
Countdown to LOST !!!!!! 
Going to Fisherman's Wharf today !!! 
Some people are like Slinkies ... They're not really good for anything , but they still bring a smile to your face when you push them down a flight of stairs 
< PROPMALE > Bartowski is the coolest secret agent since < PROPMALE > from Get Smart !!!! 
I can't think of anything clever to say .... so this is what you get for my live status ... nonsense ... 
With all the petty crap that some people choose to dwell on , its no wonder our world is dying ... Get over yourselves people !!! Try looking into the dying face of animals every day and get some perspective !!! 
You shouldn't keep your arms under your pillow ... the Tooth < PROPFEMALE > takes EVERYTHING !!! 
on a coffee detox and feeling oh so miserable ... 
saw \Wolfman\ " over the weekend ... wasn't as good as I'd hoped ... definitely a rental so don't waste your money ... " 
I was watching \Planet Earth\ " last night and I new the names of the animals because I own them in \ " Zoo World\ " . I've reached a new level of pathetic ... " 
feeling a little melacholy today ... 
14 out of 9 people are disgusted by a puppet - < PROPFIRST > Busey 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > In Wonderland today ... it was pretty good ... it lacked something though ... I'm not sure what it is ... 
Hot tea is so nice .... 
Just because you have a massive forehead , doesn't make you smart ... 
I am so HIGH right now ... I'm not sure how long it actually took me to write this ... 
cccccccomfortnly numbllllllllllllll .......... ssssssssssssssfjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj 
\I have to return some video tapes ... \"" 
eating Necco wafers ... yummy ... 
Just watched \The Fourth Kind\ " ... very creepy ... I'm turnimg on the night light for awhile ... " 
I'm falling down the rabbit hole ... it's dark and neverending ... 
I am < PROPFIRST>'s twisted sense of humor ... 
My heart soars like a hawk ... 
You remind me of the babe ... 
I love having my cats around , because then I don't feel so weird when I talk out loud and no one is there ... 
had 4 margharitas at lunch today .... feeling pretty good .... :D 
\House\ " marathon on TV today ... guess what I'll be doing ..... " 
I hate that I'm a night owl ... I get so bored at night ..... 
Going to Wonder-Con this weekend !!! Big time geek-fest !!! I'm sooooo excited !!! 
my friend < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > came over today ... she brought cookies ... they were goooooooooood ! 
One particular four-year-old prayed , ' And forgive us our trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash in our baskets . ' 
Sometimes I like to talk to myself in funny voices to make myself laugh . I'm so silly ... 
Have to spend the morning at the DMV ... wish me luck If you don't hear from me by this afternoon ... just wait longer :) 
Now go away before I taunt you a second time !!! 
Glitter on the mattress , Giltter on the highway , Glitter on the front porch , Glitter on the highwaaaaaaaayyyy !!!! 
GIMME A BEAT !!!! 
Flattery is the best form of imitation ... 
Stop looking at me SWAN !!!! 
Never go up against a Sicilian when death is on the line !!!! 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the one's who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? ? April is cancer awareness month 
Just got back from the Dentist ... my face is numb ... so weird ... 
Two days ago it was 80 degrees ... now it's cold and rainy ... WTF ?! 
I wish Google Maps had an \Avoid Ghetto\ " routing option . " 
Have you heard ? 
Time to go barefoot !!!! 
If a blind man can't see you , are you really there ? 
Religion isn't the opiate of the masses ... its the anesthetic of the masses ... 
Let's have some fun ... this beat is sick ... I wanna take a ride ... on your disco stick !!! 
Know what really bugs me ? People who make decisions out of ignorance and fear . To those people I say , \Open your minds and educate yourselves ! Make healthy boundaries instead of being hatefully exclusive ! \ " SHEESH !! " 
A true friend doesn't care if you're \ 
broke , when your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is \ 
filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go\ 
long periods of time without speaking and never question the \ 
friendship . REPOST if you are blessed enough to have at least one true \ 
friend . They will know who they are 
Tried to go the CA Acadamy of Sciences today ... it was SO packed ! Sat through traffic for an hour , then we got there and waited in the long ass line , only for them to tell us they stopped letting people in until others exited the museum . Then is started to rain ... I said , f&%# this ! I'm going home . Then we got lost going home ... I really hate SF ... why does everything interesting and fun have to be there !? 
Fear is the mind killer ... 
It's amazing when strangers become friends , \ 
but it's sad when friends become strangers . I never want to lose you as a\ 
friend ~ I met you as a stranger ; now I have you as a friend . I hope we \ 
meet in our next walk of life where friendship never ends , or .. even \ 
sooner ! Post this on your status if you have met some GREAT people ! 
It's raining ... AGAIN !!! 
I have seen the NIPPLE on your soul !!! 
Don't complain if you're not willing to change ! 
I love how when you go to the screen to accept your gifts ... when there aren't any to accept it says , \Find more friends\ " \ 
This one time ... at band camp ... 
His name ... was ... Robert Paulson ... 
Damn HACKERS !!!! They got into my email and sent out this crazy message about me being mugged in the UK ... asking my friends for money ... then they erased all my contacts !!! \ 
\ 
I really HATE these people ... they are just lazy cowards ! Go get a job like a normal person instead of trying to steal from others ! I hope < PROPFEMALE > will be swift with them !!! 
And the effing Hackers saga continues ... they are still trying to get money from the people in my contacts ... going so far as to blatently say they are not hackers !!! Just know everyone that I don't have a yahoo.com email address . Its either @gmail . com or @sbcglobal . net . Thankfully that's how you can tell the difference ... they are using a Yahoo.com email . \ 
Such parasites these people are !!! 
If you have a wonderful man that works hard to take care of you , \ 
would do anything for you , makes you laugh , is your best friend , and\ 
is someone that you're thankful for every day and night ; then post \ 
this as your status to give the good men out there the recognition \ 
they deserve , because great men are few and far between . 
Cleaning my house today ! Crankin the tunes ... laughing and singing with my hubby ! 
I must be the only person on earth who DOESN'T like < PROPMALE > Kubrick ... frankly , I don't see what the big deal is ... people act like his movies are sooooo amazing and we're not meant to understand his genius totally ... \ 
What a crock of SHIT !!! Whatever ... I guess you have to be a fan of disturbing imagery to enjoy a Kubrick movie ... 
Just watched the trailer for the new < PROPMALE > Potter movies .. Pt 1 and 2 . Looks so awesome ! The only down side is that Pt 1 is in Nov 2010 and Pt 2 is in July 2011 . That's so far apart !!! 
Nothin ' better than Pink < PROPMALE > when you're feeling blue and melacholy ... 
No True Blood tonight !!!! Dammit !! I have to wait another week ?! 
I'm kickin ' it old school today ... bringing back the 80's ... making friendship bracelets !!! Anyone want one ? 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member and friend \ 
who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to \ 
conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who\ 
has or had cancer ... 
There is only one RETURN ... and thats OF THE JEDI ! 
Working on more friendship bracelets today ... had to buy some colors I didn't have ... you will be getting yours soon ! 
there\ 
comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama\ 
AND the people who create it , and surround yourself with people who \ 
make you laugh so hard you forget about the bad and focus on the good . \ 
Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you agree ... I\ 
just did ! 
Gonna be a good True Blood tonight ! I can't wait ! 
Only\ 
an Aunt can give hugs like a mother , keep secrets like a sister and \ 
love like a friend !!! If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces & \ 
nephews , post this as your status . 
Anybody see \Inception\ " yet ? So awesome ... " 
Ok Farmville friends ... I'm confused ... I have done everything I can to try and find a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and I'm still without one . I can collect tons of worker bees , but alas , no < PROPFEMALE > ... any suggestions ? 
Remember adjusting the tracking on your VHS ? Good times ... 
Just finished watching the first season of Glee ... LOVE that show ! Can't wait for season 2 !! 
Ok ... new movie ... \ 
Put ... the candle ... back ! 
Only an Auntie can hug like a mother , keep secrets like a sister and love like a friend ? If your an Auntie who loves their Nieces and Nephews repost 
Hello Facebook friends ! I am trying to edit my profile so that my game updates aren't annoying to those of you who don't play . Hopefully it has already taken effect . If you are still getting all the unwanted notifications ... please let me know so I can add your name to that list . I don't want to drive people away because I love to play Zoo World ! Hahahahah ! Hugs to all !!! 
Sweet ! I just got 300 Vampire Wars Favor Points for FREE !! \ 
>> http://vampirewars.freegamerewards.info << 
Do people not understand the concept of PMS !? SHEESH !!! 
Ever see a movie/tv show where one of the characters has a bad accident \ 
and they end up in \traction\ " ? You know 
I hate when you feel like crap and you have to pretend everything is okay so people won't worry about you or feel sorry for you ... 
FB is soooooooo slow today !!!! 
Ogres ? Man , I have an ogre-slaying knife that's a +9 against ogres ! 
... and so on and so on and scooby doobie doo .... oooooo shaa shaa 
Time for breakfast ! 
I like it on the desk ... 
Eating Captain Crunch and being suddenly reminded of the Breakfast Club ... Yep ... I'm definitely the \weirdo \"..." 
My hands can't seem to keep up with my ideas ! 
Let's have some fun ... this beat is sick ... I wanna take a ride on your disco stick ! 
\There are two ways of spreading light ; to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Wharton " 
It is said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without\ 
speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends \ 
pick up like they spoke just yesterday , regardless of how long it has \ 
been or how far away they live . They don't hold grudges and they \ 
understand that life is busy-But you will always love them . Repost if \ 
you have at least 1 of these friends . 
Just started raining ... is it finally fall ? 
Put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay : My wish for 2010/2011 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you ...... make it your status for at least one ... hour ? Promote LOVE & Acceptance , no H8 !!! 
My three course dinner while my husband is out of town : three handfuls of almonds , a half round of smoked Gouda cheese , an enormous bottle of water ... and for dessert ? Reduced fat Chips Ahoy ... a few weeks stale ... don't be jealous ... 
waking up early is such a challenge for me ! Time for an early morning mocha ! 
watching scary movies while my hubby is out of town ... perfect weather for it too ! 
So , last night was so < PROPFEMALE > that I could barely sleep from all the little noises throughout the house ... come home soon hubby ! I miss you ! 
Could my morning get any better ? I think not ! I go to McDonald's for a bagel and a mocha frappe ... the frappe spills all over my car ... there are no amount of napkins to clean that out of cup holders . They made me another one ... but still ... I'm not cleaning it up during a rainstorm ! I just had to laugh and bow to the absurd ! 
So , I ordered food from Back Forty BBQ the other night ... wanted to get the apple crisp a la mode ... so I asked , \does the apple crisp come a la mode ? ' the answer ? \ 
Sometimes taking a shower is a spiritual experience ... its like my psyche just exhaled all my tension I've been inhaling lately ... 
So I saw this commercial for a < PROPFEMALE>'s Secret bra that increases your bust size two sizes ... if that's the case , wouldn't you need another bra for the bra ? 
I\ 
challenge you to change your way of thinking and read the \ 
following ... \Special needs kids aren't sick or gross . They only want \ 
I hate it when my dreams stay with me into my waking hours ... whether they are good or bad dreams ... the combination is still disruptive ... :( 
Another life changing experience in the shower ... its the simple things that make me happy ... 
Back in the late 1800s there was a disease called \female hysteria\ " that was treated with \ " pelvic massages\ " and eventually the first vibrator was invented . You don't see much of that disease anymore ... is it because of technology increase or that the disease was perhaps bogus ... tough call ... " 
my turkey turned out soooooooo good ! very MOIST ! 
Just saw a commercial for Wizard of Oz with a rap song soundtrack ... wtf ? 
Well , I think I'm finally giving up these Facebook games ... I'm too addicted to other games right now ... * cough * Lord of the Rings Online * cough * 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To \ 
see no human faces on FB until Monday , Dec . 6 . Join the FIGHT AGAINST \ 
CHILD ABUSE & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends 
Read the first < PROPMALE > Potter book yesterday in about 6 hours ... on to the next ... :) 
What the hell was I thinking ? There are no life changing events in the shower ... only self-hate and suicidal thoughts ... ugh ! 
Vinegar Strokes ... anyone ever heard of this ? :D 
HAPPY FESTIVUS EVERYONE ! \ 
Anyone up for the \Airing of Grievances\ " ? \ 
DO DA DIPPETY ! 
I see the sun out , but its very deceiving ... its not really as warm as it looks ... 
< PROPMALE>'s List here I come ... 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
Shared joy is a double joy ; shared sorrow is half a sorrow . \ 
- Swedish Proverb 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post . 
It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job ; it's a depression when you lose yours . \ 
< PROPMALE > S . < PROPMALE > 
I'm so grateful for the people in my life that love and accept me unconditionally . The greatest gift you can bestow on someone is letting them be who they are , without restraint and loving them the whole time ! 
So foggy outside ... I can't see across the street !... its just 360 white ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone ! It feels good to be reminded I'm surrounded by such wonderful and amazing people ! I'm so grateful ! 
Being in a state of gratitude actually creates magnetism , and of course , a magnet draws things to itself . By giving authentic thanks for all the good you now have , as well as the challenges , through this magnetism you'll start the flow of more good into your life . \ - Dr. < PROPMALE > Dyer " 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% ... won't have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% ! 
I just made my facebook talk pirate ... this is awesome ... 
What does depression feel like ? It feels like prison . You're alive but not really living in the real world . Staring through immobile bars and the highlights of your day are meals and bathroom time . If you want to call it a highlight . Day after day of monotonous grinding that no one really wants to understand . 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan , 24 , is all over the news because she's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , Justus Bartett , 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke , 23 , and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 are all Marines that gave their lives last week , no media mention . Honor THEM by reposting this 
Whenever I think about religion ( particularly the one I was raised in ) I feel fear , shame , sadness and guilt . When I think about the Law of Attraction I feel hopeful , motivated , safe and loved . Why should I choose the former ? 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Sheen ... please stop . 
Finally finished the fourth < PROPMALE > Potter Book ... on to book five ! Amazing read ... highly recommend it to anyone ! 
So , a while back I was at the bowling alley and I spent $7.50 on one of those machines that spits out stickers and temporary tattoos ... I just found them in my car and I got so excited ... like a little school girl ... ahahahahah 
Just remember ... when life throws you a Jeffery ... you gotta stroke the furry wall ... 
YOU DON'T LOOK SICK !!! No I don't . It's hard to explain to someone when they have no clue . It's a daily struggle feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Anxiety , Bi-Polar , P.T.S.D. , LUPUS , Fibromyalga , Crohns , Diabetes , Arthritis , Chronic Back Pain , Epilepsy , MS , Depression ) . Don't Judge 
So sad ! Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . We all need to understand that stupidity is real and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity & sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 87.365% won't repost this because they don't know how to copy & paste . 
The kind of energy that goes into revenge/retaliation is just so negative and toxic . There is a difference between seeking justice and seeking revenge . Nurture yourself by continuing the healing process in a positive way . Express anger in a safe and healthy environment and do so using clear and specific language . Then begin on your path of healing the hurt underneath the anger . 
A real woman always keeps her house clean and organized , the laundry basket is always empty . She's always well dressed , hair done . She never swears , behaves gracefully in all situations and all circumstances . She has more than enough < PROPFEMALE > to take care of her family , always has a smile on her lips , and a kind word for everyone . Post this as your status if you , too , suspect that you might be a man . 
mmmmmm top ramen .... the perfect comfort food , and it feels good on my sore throat . 
We are young ... heartache to heartache we stand ... no promises , no demands ... Love is a Battlefield 
Be a good listener . It makes the person who's speaking to you feel loved , cared for , and worthy of being heard . - Dr. < PROPMALE > Dyer 
Depression is not a sign of weakness , it's a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Show your support , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't . May 1 – 7 , 2011 is National Anxiety and Depression Awareness Week . 1 in 5 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . I copied and pasted . Will you ? 
Watching movie trailers all morning ... gonna be an awesome summer movie season ! 
Anyone wanna dance ? 
Ok ... Where the hell is my SUMMER ???!!! 
... Light flaming loaves of Sigmund ! Light flaming loaves !!!! 
WTF ... Justin Beiber has a fragrance out now ... I really can't stand that kid ! 
Contrary to what you might believe ... I'm not perfect 
So ... tomorrow about this time I'll be biting my nails bare waiting for True Blood to download ... I can't wait ! 
So ... how many Truebies are going to watch tonight's episode like 3 times until next Sunday ? 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens ; But often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one that has been opened for us . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Keller 
With time , women gain weight because we accumulate so much information & wisdom in our heads that when there is no more room , it distributes out to the rest of our bodies . So we aren't heavy , we are enormously cultured , educated & happy . Beginning today , when I look at my butt in the mirror I will think , Good Grief look how smart I am , I must be a genius !! 
If what we resists , persists ... then how do we keep that thing we're resisting from coming up over and over ? I mean , what if we are trying to resist something that could be wrong ? Does that mean it will persistently continue to plague us ? If that's the case , then I'm totally screwed 
The things we do and say affects the energy and people around us . Sometimes in ways we can't predict . Much like a stone being thrown into a pond . The ripples continue to extend back and forth , taking a while to completely disperse until the water is still again . 
I'm sorry , Marlaina can't come out to play today . She's five years old and doesn't have someone to supervise her shenanigans . Now excuse me while I go make a fort out of sheets and pillow cushions . 
I just want to have a normal conversation without game playing and bull shit !!!! Is that REALLY too much to ask ?! Sheesh !!! 
So , I was taking a drive through my town today and I saw a mother and her small son sitting on their front porch . They were playing with little cars and smiling . I wanted to jump out and hug that mom . Moms who take the time and effort to get down on their kid's level are the best moms ever ! Thanks to all those moms out there ... you are making the world a better place just by playing with your kids !!! 
ATTENTION ! ATTENTION PLEASE ! THIS IS A VERY IMPORTANT HEALTH WARNING ! \ 
Vodka and ice will ruin your kidneys . Rum and ice will ruin your liver . Whiskey and ice will ruin your heart . Gin and ice will ruin your brain . Coke and ice will ruin your teeth . \ 
Apparently ice is lethal !!! Warn all your friends : Lay off the ice !! Copy & paste this immediately , it can save a life ! 
Release the need to be upset with others . Remember that anytime you're filled with resentment , you're turning the controls of your emotional life over to others to manipulate . - Dr. < PROPMALE > Dyer 
Every woman deserves a man that calls her baby , kisses her like he means it , would never hit her , holds her tight like he never wants to let go , doesn't make her jealous with other women , instead makes other women jealous of her , is not afraid to let his friends know how he really feels about her , and makes sure she knows how much he loves her ..... re post if you feel the same way 
Family isn't always blood . It's the people in your life who want you\ 
in theirs . The ones who accept you for who you are . The ones who\ 
would do anything to see you smile , and who Love you no matter what . \ 
~ Re-post if you have at least one person like this in your life . 
We'll . Never . Fade . Away . 
... I tried to be someone else , but nothing seemed to change . I know now this is who I really am inside . Finally found myself , fighting for a < PROPMALE > , I know now THIS IS WHO I REALLY AM !!!! 
Did anyone ever put on shows for their parents when they were kids ? I remember doing cheers and lip syncing songs for them .... god that was fun ! Hmmmm .... maybe I need a Karoake night ... whaddya think peeps ? 
Kind words are short and easy to speak , but their echoes are truly endless . - Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
