wishes everyone a Happy New Year ! and hopes not to step on any stray noisemakers . 

was up until 4:30 playing Guitar Hero with < PROPFIRST > and the girls . :) 
is watching \Wallace and Grommit\ " with the kids . They really had too short of a holiday break this year ! " 
is putting music on her MP3 player , with LOTS of help from everyone . :) 
took < PROPFEMALE > through every clothing store in the Oakland Mall today . 
just ate a cold White Castle burger for breakfast . Surprisingly good ! 
says \Happy Father's Day ! \ " to all the dads ! " 
is home again and glad to be here :) . 
thinks it's almost time to bring the fans up from the basement . 
is going to knit and watch the < PROPFEMALE > Brother ( yeah , it's always the < PROPFEMALE > Brothers around here ! ) with the kids . 
actually slept too much last night ! :) 
is going to watch \Rear Window\ " yet again . :) " 
is seeing what's new in MLA style since , um , 1991 ? :) 
is actually alone in the house ! < PROPFEMALE>'s at a dance , and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > went to see the new Ice Age movie . The quiet is amazing :) . 
wishes a Happy Independence Day to those who celebrate it , and a happy plain old fourth of July to everyone else . :) 
made ribs for dinner . Something everyone will eat ! :) 
just brought the kids outside to see a cloud formation that looked very much like Mothra . 
has an awesome new knitting basket from the C o-O p . 
saw the doctor today and was pronounced in good health . What's more important than that ? 
is enjoying a very late-night < PROPFEMALE > Brothers movie marathon with the kids . Duck Soup , The Coconuts , and At the Circus . Those < PROPFEMALE > Brothers box sets are some of the most-used DVDs we've got ! 
just sent < PROPFEMALE > off to Summer Youth Program for a week . 
iand < PROPFIRST > are sorting comic books into longboxes for the eventual move . 
is glad that < PROPFEMALE > is back from SYP . 
says that the \there's a word for that ? \ " of the day is apophenia . " 
plans to spend a quiet evening with some knitting . 
is very happy to have found her good embroidery scissors while sorting through old craft stuff . Haven't had them in ... well , in however many years since I last used silk ribbon for anything ! 
and < PROPFIRST > just wrestled an armchair out of the house all by ourselves -- be impressed ! 
is going to watch \A Shot in the Dark\ " with < PROPFIRST > for movie night . " 
is looking forward to the weekend ! 
enjoys sitting around a campfire , except for the part where it gives me chills for an unreasonably long time afterward . 
is now caffeinated . 
just got back from closing on the house . 
is not a fan of the humidity . 
is watching \Monty Python\ " and knitting . " 
and the kids went through four bins of toys and two of clothes and books tonight , got rid of just about everything . ( And the packing continues ! ) 
notes four more bins and a toybox emptied today . Amazing how little of what was once thought essential is even desirable anymore , kid-stuff-wise . 
was up too late with < PROPMALE > Python last night . It wasn't my fault ! 
was sorting through some things in the basement and came across a bunch of the kids ' old boots , toddler and preschool size . Younger daughter is now 10 . Just why did I keep those , anyway ? 
thinks it's too damn hot this week . 
is hoping that the rain cools things down a bit . 
made shredded beef for dinner , added some extra garlic this time . :) 
' s favorite cover song right now is \Careless Whisper\ " by Seether . " 
thinks that DirecTV is fine unless it rains . Which is actually a pretty big flaw , come to think of it . 
is glad < PROPFEMALE > is back , not so glad she came back with a nasty cold . 
heard a cover of \Zombie\ " today on the radio and CANNOT find out who did it . " 
took < PROPFIRST > to get contact lenses today . So far , so good ! 
is going to have to learn to read a knitting chart . : runs screaming : 
just got back from the estate sale at her new house . The sellers are selling their stuff , so we went to see if there was anything we wanted . Best part = not having to bring a truck :) . 
is looking forward to moving things TO somewhere instead of just moving them around . Sometime soon ... 
is throwing out old clothes that don't fit , are worn out , or that I never wear . Apparently I have not done this in a while . 
went to pick up < PROPFIRST>'s school pack and find out who her teacher is this year today . Turns out her teacher this year was in one of my mom's third-grade classes . So was her teacher last year ! :) 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
is very excited about keys , for some reason :) . 
is working out the logistics of \living in two houses\ " for a bit . The other night < PROPFIRST > was looking for the cashews he'd seen < PROPFEMALE > with earlier -- of course they were at the other place ! :) " 
is shocked -- shocked ! -- that she can load that many books into the car and barely make a dent in the total . 
is back from the new house again , ready to do some more packing and cleaning -- tomorrow . :) 
thinks that while the internet can accelerate your research and make it easier to locate potential resources , it really doesn't improve things beyond that . 
thinks that it's bad news for accomplishing anything when the box you're sorting has old personal letters in it ( remember those ? :)) . 
advises against too many Deep Thoughts too late at night . Or maybe it's caffeine you should avoid . One of those two . 
needs to get back to sorting and packing , NOT reading Facebook . Any minute now . Yep . 
thinks it is probably telling that the first thing she does on returning to the internet is to check her Facebook , but she's not sure just what that fact tells OF . 
is going to go sort through some books , and hopefully get rid of some of them ( oh , the horror ! ) . 
just found her high school yearbook in a box , will look at it later . 
just sorted through two Xerox-paper boxes full of paperbacks and only wants to keep three or four books . Amazing . 
appears to have internet at the new house . :) 
can now be reached via email at hjbe@charter.net . Or by way of Facebook :) . 
has ordered a vacuum cleaner . 
turned up the heat for the first time this fall . Well , first time ever , apart from the test run the home inspector gave it :) . 
is thinking this is definitely knitting weather ! Still hoping for a late snow , though . 
is off to do more packing . 
packed up six boxes of medieval history books and three boxes of quilting books . So far . 
is finding that no matter how many books she sorts through , there are always more . Defies logic , I'd say . 
is making oven-baked ribs ( in the roaster ) and cheesy hash brown casserole ( in the crockpot ) . 
is looking forward to Halloween this year ! 
is very , very pleased to discover that changing to cable means that we now get PBS , which means that we now get British mysteries again ! Just discovered \Inspector Lewis ! \"" 
has little purple lights to put up for Halloween ! 
has the sniffles . And the clumsies -- dropping things , spilling things , losing things . That kind of a day . 
has now been married for 19 years and ~ 5 hours . Time flies when you're having fun ! 
has a cup of grapefruit juice on the left , and a box of Puffs Plus with lotion on the right . As ready as I'm going to be for this first cold of the season . 
is making lentil soup with ham and tomatoes . ( One good thing about cooler weather is that cooler weather is soup weather ! ) 
likes Barack Obama , but thinks that he's kind of an odd choice for a Nobel at this point . 
thinks the snow on the ground is pretty , but wants it to go away pretty soon . 
has moved about half her quilting books into the sewing room-to-be , and < PROPFIRST > has set up one of the printers at the new house . More and more like home every day ! 
is dealing with power issues . I.e. the electricity is off in all but one room ( and the front door light ) . 
cannot decide between \Empire of the Ants\ " and \ " Giant Spider Invasion\ " on Hulu . " 
can't help but notice that it Wont . Stop . Snowing . 
is attempting to make pulled pork for sandwiches . 
is exploring Pandora . 
is starting to find long-lost items while packing stuff up at the old house . Found my old beading tools ( wires and pliers ) this morning ! 
can already tell that packing up the fabric is going to be an interesting experience . 
just watched a parade go by from her front porch window . Something foot-ball related , I'm guessing from all the blue and grey . :) 
just made the winter's first chicken soup . 
is watching < PROPMALE > Price movies . 
is going to have Vonage sometime soon . My cell phone < PROPMALE > sighs in relief . 
just learned from < PROPFEMALE > that Kool-Aid stains can be removed from the fingertips by means of toothpaste . 
is making ham for dinner , and potato casserole to go with it . ( And leftover ham means soup in a day or two , which is even better ! ) 
is home with a sick kid ( < PROPFEMALE > ) . 
is making soup , and waiting for the snow to start . 
has a house full of kids . Kind of cool for the girls to be able to have company so easily here in town . 
thinks you know you're in the UP when you drive past a snowman with a jack-o-lantern for a head . 
is a little wary of these sniffles that appeared this afternoon . 
is easily distracted by the shiny internet ! 
is still having a hard time following the new Facebook news feed , but I got used to the last set of changes so I suppose I will now too . Eventually . 
has beef barley soup in the crockpot . 
is looking forward to Halloween , and has not broken into the < PROPFEMALE > at all . :) 
needs a light over the sink . Also needs to bring her good knives to the new house . Also , more band-aids would be good . Yes , all these things are connected ... :) 
is making roast beef with potatoes and carrots for dinner , and it smells wonderful ! 
has twenty minutes to kill before I go off to do errands , and is going to spend them catching up on Facebook ( don't you all feel special now ? :)) 
is checking the Weather Underground , and finds that there's a fair < PROPMALE > of snow ALL %$#@ ! ing day ! Yesterday evening would have been perfect for the kids to trick-or-treat . Grumblegrumblegrumble . 
is watching \The Abominable Dr. Phibes\ " and waiting for the trick-or-treating to start ! " 
Just got our first group of trick-or-treaters , 10 of them . :) 
had 109 trick-or-treaters . Still time for more ( it goes on until 9 ) but it's definitely slowed down . 
got such a chill while out and about this morning , I took a hot mid-afternoon shower to warm up . Definitely a sign of winter when that happens . 
is still just not a morning person . 
is going to have to ask the kids why one of the drawers I cleaned out today was full of sand . It's a mystery . 
is tired . Good night , Facebook ! 
just finished binding off a shawl ! 
is watching her favorite movie (\The Maltese Falcon \") . " 
sorted through a whole chest of drawers this morning and kept less than half of what was in it ! 
is putting things on top of other things . Mostly things that were once in boxes being put on top of things that are not boxes , and are occasionally shelves . 
has moved all the DVDs to the new house ! 
thinks that her old vacuum , which sucked ( or , rather , didn't ) on longer-piled carpeting , will do just fine for upstairs . 
is going to watch Sherlock Holmes on Hulu . < PROPMALE > Rathbone ! 
notes that the church across the street seems to have gotten some new tunes for their carillon . I still don't know any of them , but it's a nice change :) . 
also notes that when the carillon plays , the kids will be home from school soon :) . 
is still deciding where things go in the kitchen . Had no idea this was such a drawn-out process . 
is glad she was able to get < PROPFIRST > into the dentist this afternoon after an inopportune chipped tooth incident at school . 
has brought home a box of cookbooks , including those neat ones put out by various small-town organizations , which I tend to collect . 
is making beef barley soup ! 
is ASTONISHED at how many Trivial Pursuit games we've acquired over the years . Now in a box in the dining room . :) 
is wondering how it got to be 2:30 already ! 
sees that the girls filled 10 or 12 bags of leaves this afternoon ! 
now has our Real Bed in our room -- looking forward to waking up without a sore neck :) . 
was going to watch an old 50's horror movie (\Terror is a Man \") but is thinking that the movie couldn't possibly be better than the pre-movie warning : \ " WARNING : The picture you are about to see has a scene so shocking that it is necessary to forewarn you . We suggest that the squeamish and faint-hearted close their eyes at the sound of the < PROPFEMALE > and reopen them when the < PROPFEMALE > rings again . \"" 
is going to go browse allrecipes.com for Thanksgiving ideas , but will probably end up making the same things she always does . :) 
is working on my Thanksgiving shopping list . 
sees that everyone is all right on Facebook , and is going to go vacuum . 
has big plans for tomorrow that involve not setting foot in any store . :) 
is glad it's still only Saturday ! 
is somehow still doing laundry at 2:30 in the morning . Well , I got a bit of knitting done and watched \The Bat People\ " while waiting . :) " 
figured out which way to point the car when I park it at night . South . Who'd of figured ? :) 
hurt her back , and has been creeping around the house kind of like Igor ... 
advises anyone who doesn't have to drive today , not to--I'm pretty sure someone put a layer of bear grease down under the snow ! 
is listening to < PROPFIRST > and the electrician discuss the placement of outlets ! 
thinks it might really be winter now . Shoveled off the front steps , went to the kitchen to start making soup , came back out to see another 1/4 inch already on it again ! 
cannot seem to operate her brain properly today ! 
has determined that gloves are not optional . 
is still grumpy about the snow . 
is onine researching snow-throwers . 
is waiting for the electrician ! :) 
is doing holiday shopping on the internet -- makes it sooo much easier ! 
is just back from the ER , < PROPFIRST > has a broken toe . :( 
just checked the weather , the upcoming Winter Storm Warning is now a Blizzard Warning . I guess that's different ? 
likes the snow less and less with each and every flake that falls . 
is watching the snow out the window . It sure is pretty for such an awful thing . :) 
is not sure that internet shopping actually takes less TIME , but it certainly uses less gas and requires less scary winter driving . 
is feeling pretty cheerful today . Maybe it's the light at the end of the bad-weather tunnel , maybe it's Friday . But yeah , a good day . 
is making chicken soup . 
is organizing the kitchen . ( Hm , that sounds kind of sinister , doesn't it ? ) 
has the wrapping paper now , but hasn't actually wrapped any gifts yet . 
thinks that everyone can stop worrying about the snow for a while . Now that we HAVE the snowblower , I'm guessing the weather will be unseasonably clear . 
just heard < PROPFIRST > start the snowblower :) . 
is scouring allrecipes.com for ideas . 
was researching recipes , but has been distracted by the controversy of defining what is a crisp and what is a crumble . What constitutes a cobbler seems relatively agreed-upon , thank goodness . 
was just talking about lunchboxes we had as kids with < PROPFIRST > . I had a Yellow Submarine lunchbox in gradeschool , he had a NASA lunchbox . He thinks his sister had a < PROPMALE > Livingston Seagull lunchbox . Can you guess when we all grew up ? :) 
probably needs some more sleep . 
Good Yule to all ! 
isn't sure why the insomnia . 
is just back from what is ( knock wood ) the last trip to the grocery store until sometime after Friday . Glad I didn't wait until tomorrow , it was busy enough today ! 
is sooooo glad she did ALL the shopping yesterday ! 
wants to know why the wind doesn't decide to gust until AFTER I've got a shovelful of snow in the air at face level ... 
is impressed -- Alex assembled the stuffed shells all by herself ! 
has stockings stuffed , all possible food prep for tomorrow done , and all gifts wrapped . Time to knit and watch a bad movie . 
is watching < PROPFIRST > install the new PS3 . :) 
is now watching < PROPFIRST > and the kids playing Rock Band :) . 
just got a late-ish gift , \The Frozen Dead\ " on DVD ! " 
finds that it improves the morning when I look out the window and it isn't snowing . 
is pretty sure that < PROPFIRST > has a stomach bug , and won't be heading to Houghton tomorrow . 
notes that BOTH kids are still asleep at noon . Must have been a good Rock Band night . :) 
is going to go make Chex mix with < PROPFIRST > . 
2010 was a good year overall -- may 2011 be even better ! Happy New Year ! 
Thinking about a brief nap -- happy new year ( yawn ... ) . 
Somehow ended up with an extra gallon of milk . Made pudding again -- what else're you gonna do ? 
I just noticed that it's later than I thought it was ( and isn't that always the case ? ) , good night all ! 
I'm considering making a resolution to take a nap every day , just because I'm two days into being successful at it . :P 
washed dishes , swept , did about 1/3 of the vacuuming , and owmyback ! I am getting old , aren't I ? 
is achey and cold , going to take a hot shower . 
is happy the electricians are here ! 
is doing laundry and making chicken soup . 
dropped a coffee cup on my toe this morning , and it still hurts . The coffee cup was undamaged , no doubt cushioned from it's fall by my toe . 
Um ... clear ? Transparent ? ( Does that work , < PROPFIRST >?) :) 
is glad it's Friday ! 
thinks that < PROPFIRST > Cushing may have made some bad movies , but he never made an unwatchable one . 
is finally sorting out all the paper grocery bags in the kitchen and wondering whether they're good for anything . 
just doesn't like carpeting . 
thinks that it's time to go to bed when you make a knitting error and can't remember how to remove the stitch . :) 
is soooo glad that the electrical work is done ! :) 
passes on the info : Facebook games generate a lot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . If you do not want to see these posts , move your cursor to the right of the game message and the word \Hide\ " will appear ... click on \ " Hide [ the game name]\ " and this will stop future messages from that game . " 
is really getting weirded out by all the rain . 
is going to watch \White Zombie . \ " Bela Lugosi ! " 
is trying a new recipe , always a bit nerve-wracking , especiallyl when you intend to tweak it . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > may have the flu . 
has seen the weather reports and will not be driving tomorrow . Because damn , frozen slush ? 
is glad < PROPFIRST > is feeling a little better ( or , at least , that he claims to be ) , much less glad that < PROPFEMALE > is now sick . Which means that it's the flu . Because \something I ate\ " isn't usually contagious . :) " 
has a house full of people who are going to camp in the snow . She will not be joining them . :) 
is making beef barley soup , and wishing that a < PROPFEMALE > day meant it wasn't cold out . ( It doesn't . ) 
Go to urbandictionary.com and type your name . Then copy and past this to your profile . Enter the first entry as your comment . 
is reasonably fond of carols , but thinks that hearing \We Three Kings\ " in February is just peculiar . " 
is experimenting with Facebook's new function where you can make a post visible to only specific groups of people ( for example , posting Mafia Wars posts only to those on your list who play) -- only with app posts , though ( I don't post many , but if you see one and you shouldn't be , let me know because that means it's not working ) . Also , I'm trying a recipe for beef roasted in beer tonight ! 
Superhero Week on facebook ~ Change your profile pic to your favorite hero or villain ! 
thinks this sore throat may be a harbinger of doom , doom being the winter illness that finally hits me . ( But I am still hoping for a cold-free season . ) 
thinks this is the sneakiest cold she's had in years . 
is going to put dinner in the crockpot , get a cup of grapefruit juice , and see if I can catch up on Facebook . ( Yeah , right ! ) And I'm pretty close to admitting that I'm sick . 
To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other . Make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and paste this to your profile .... 
notes that if you take Day-Quil while drinking grapefruit juice , you get pretty much the worst flavor ever . 
is kind of looking forward to watching the Winter Olympics with < PROPFIRST > ! 
wishes everyone a happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
is going to knit something REALLY EASY for a while , and watch the Olympics . 
is suspicious whenever it stops snowing for too long ... 
just brought my HS yearbook to the new house , which will make it much less challenging to figure out who friends me on FB -- not that I don't know who you are , but if the maiden name isn't there and the picture is blurry , it can take a while ! 
is going to watch the Olympics and knit . 
Help , Farmville folks -- I only need a few more assists to build my chicken coop ! I can't figure out how to get it to relink to it but I think there's one a little further down on my profile < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is installing the-software-formerly-known-as-Taxcut on the computer and listening to Nirvana . 
has CNN on the TV , is watching the earthquake coverage and waiting for the tsunami coverage . 
says \Congratulations Canada ! \"" 
notes that there is a great big hole in our book collection concerning pre-Viking-age Scandinavia . 
has some sort of flu thing involving chills and aches . 
found a Facebook widget for my sidebar . Doesn't seem to work all that well . 
can't sleep , is going to play some FB games until the tired sets in . 
is eating a < PROPFEMALE > and booting up the tax software ( and why are there STILL updates coming out mid-March ? ) . 
The happiest people don't have the best of everything . They just make the best of everything . ... 
did not strictly need to drink a 20-oz . RC Cola at 10 PM . 
doesn't have a lot of faith in Spray-n-Wash but is hoping for the best . 
thinks it's time to stop writing and go to bed when I'm not sure if an idea actually makes sense or just seems to make sense . Kind of like those 2 AM college-dormitory conversations when you think you solved the world's problems ... and if you bothered to write anything down , in the morning you realize you kind of didn't . :) 
would like to remind everyone that tomorrow ( 3/14 ) is Pi(e ) Day ! 
got the census form today , the short form ( had the long form last time , oof ! ) . Also , brought all the board games to the house today including yet another version of Trivial Pursuit . 
wants to know why used-to-be-Taxcut wants her to mail her tax return to California this year ... 
got done ( almost ) everything I'd hoped to get done today , and with half an hour to spare before < PROPFIRST > gets home from school ! 
had on green shoes when I was out and about , now that I'm home they're off and I'm green-less . Maybe the kid won't notice ! 
needs to straighten up the pantry . Later . :) 
is really not happy about the snow . 
is going to get back to shelving and kinda-organizing books . 
is going to have a quick lunch and then go put things on top of other things . ( Specifically , books on shelves . ) :) 
is back from the < PROPFEMALE > Times and full of whisky , or is it whiskey ? 
says , time to stop reading and start sleeping ! 
is making split-pea soup . 
just turned the heat up and swept the snow off the steps . And yesterday I was running around the house in shorts ... 
is going to start a quilt , first new one in a couple of years , I think . :) 
is home today with a sick kid , < PROPFEMALE > , though I haven't seen her except to check on her periodically because she's been asleep . FYI to locals , apparently there's some sort of stomach bug making the rounds . 
FINALLY is back on the internet . Got stuff to look up ! 
has an asbestos-free house now ! 
thinks she preferred \became a fan of\ " to \ " likes\ " on the < PROPFEMALE > thing . What is Facebook up to now ? " 
has a yard absolutely full of little purple wildflowers . Should identify them someday before they go away ! 
is full of whiskey ( again ) . :) ( This time I checked to make sure of the spelling ! ) 
can feel a cold coming her way fast , hoping it doesn't hit hard for another day and a half , please ? 
is still feeling like crap . Stupid spring colds ! 
is setting world records for napping today . 
is starting to feel quite a bit better ( when full of cold medicine ) which is an improvement over feeling like crap ( even when full of cold medicine ) . When I feel better without the Dayquil , we'll call it good . 
thought it a bit chilly this morning , so made chicken soup with wild and brown rice today . And then it warmed up . :) 
went to < PROPFIRST>'s school music program this morning -- this term they did recorders , very cool . 
would like to thank < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > for all their help moving stuff yesterday ! 
has two kids home sick from school today . 
wonders how anyone gets anything done in this heat . 
was not at all surprised when they said on the news that today was the hottest May 24 on record here . 
is pretty sure that Finnish genes do not prepare you for heat like this . ( Outside of a sauna , of course . ) 
cannot brain today , I have the dumb . 
is loving watching the flowers bloom -- so far we've got honeysuckle , < PROPFEMALE > of the valley , and lilacs ( of course everyone in Calumet has lilacs , I think they must have been written into the building code at some time ) . Next year I'll plant , this year I'm seeing what's already here . 
went to the 5th grade track meet , saw < PROPFIRST > run the 70-meter dash and the relay . Kind of a warm day for it , hope all the kids stayed hydrated ! 
is watching the war movie marathon on Turner Classic Movies . 
just got a call from < PROPFIRST > , the gas tank is leaking on the < PROPFIRST > . :P 
is back home , tired but happy . ( May take a few days to get through FB though , you guys were busy ! ) 
loves it that the girls can visit friends so easily here in town -- both are off with their friends right now , it being summer vacation and all . :) 
is checking out some time management software that should theoretically help me get more organized . 
has a Teflon Brain today -- nothing sticks . 
is unpacking boxes , and is grateful that the house has a good attic ! 
thinks Facebook is acting up today , or is it just me ? 
is going to knit and watch bad television . :) 
is attempting to make ribs in the crockpot ( wish me luck ! ) . 
took < PROPFIRST > to 5th and Elm because she was so helpful today -- did you know they have root beer floats there ? 
is cranky , it's even too hot to knit ! 
is watching the < PROPMALE>'s Hot Dog Eating Contest on TV . Those folks are crazy . 
says it's laundry day . Sometimes , every day is laundry day . 
is going to listen to music on the computer and knit for a little while before bed . 
is pretty impressed with pretzel M& Ms. 
has closed all the windows in the house , thereby ensuring that we won't get TOO much of a rainstorm ... 
notes that while Laurium is under a tornado watch , Calumet is not . That's a neat trick . 
wishes her husband a Happy Birthday/Bastille Day ! \Happy birthday\ " and \ " Let them eat cake ! \"" 
is having a gas hookup put into the kitchen RIGHT NOW so I can use my gas stove ! And great joy will ensue ! 
is sitting on the ( enclosed ) front porch , listening to the cars drive by in the rain . :) 
wonders why you always want to stay up on the nights you ought to turn in early , and end up going to bed early on the nights staying up would be fine . :) 
is getting used to the difference between natural gas ( at the new place ) and propane ( at the old place ) for cooking . The cheesecakes seem fine with the change . 
is watching Zahi Hawass's reality show , and kind of glad she didn't go into archaeology . 
can recommend a cold-as-you-can-stand-it shower for these heat-wave days . Feeling much better . 
just checked the weather and would like it to be cooler now , please ? Us yoopers are not designed for 80+ temps ... 
is making stuffed shells . The kids ( < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and cousin < PROPFEMALE > ) are at free bowling , the rest are off to Eagle Harbor in the rain . :) 
is watching giant crocodile night on Syfy ! 
is taking < PROPFIRST > to her 6th-grade orientation this evening -- has it only been 5 years since I brought < PROPFEMALE > for that ? 
is starting to think that the concept of \enough sleep\ " must be an urban myth . :) " 
is listening to music and sewing , much much too late . 
' s shoes are in the dryer , but I still prefer this rainstorm to the 90+ we had earlier in the week ! 
just had some chocolate-covered bacon :) . 
is making beef barley soup . Another awesome thing about autumn -- the start of soup season ! 
turned up the heat for the first time since last winter . :( 
reminds everyone that today is Talk Like A Pirate Day . Arrrrrr , matey ! 
does not like mornings , not at all . Also , elder daughter is ill , another thing not to like . 
thinks the fall colors are starting to fade already . Or maybe it's the grey skies that make it seem so . 
is eating corn chips with bean and cheese dips , and trying out a new news feed aggregator . Yay Friday ! :) 
' s internet has gone weird , so I'm at 5th and Elm to download email and check a few things . : waves , then leaves : 
has internet again , yay ! 
got to try a dragonfruit today -- one of the coolest-looking fruits I've ever seen , but not all that flavorful ( not bad , just not what I expected ) . 
just stepped out my front door to watch the Homecoming parade . :) 
likes it on the kitchen floor . 
has , as of today , been married for 20 years to < PROPFIRST > . Somehow it doesn't seem that long , but also seems like we've always been together . Looking forward to the next 20+ ! 
is getting ready to pick up < PROPFIRST > from school , her class is back from Camp Nesbit . Glad they had good weather for it this year ! 
thinks that \Law and Order : Los Angeles\ " needs waaaaaaaay better writers . A real disappointment so far . " 
woke up with a sore throat this morning . Probably no one should get too close to me today . :( 
has discovered a lack of Nyquil in the house . There should never be a lack of Nyquil in the house . 
is sick . Bleh . 
just slept for the better part of 18 hours , and I'm about ready for a nap . Clearly I'm not catching up on Facebook quite yet ! Hope you all are feeling better than I am . 
is trying out Flock for a web browser , since elder daughter recommended it . ( Also , still have the creaky lungs , which is most distracting . ) 
is switching from Nyquil to Robitussin . So far , Robitussin is tastier , which is to say less wretched . 
is eating dark chocolate with almonds and sea salt and it is AWESOME . I usually prefer milk to dark chocolate , but with the salt I love it . Would definitely recommend . 
is making some sort of beef curry thing for dinner . :) 
is wondering when Calumet and Laurium are having Trick-or-Treating this year , since actual Halloween is on a Sunday , which is a school night . Where would I find this out ? 
woke in the middle of the night last night , thought I heard one of the kids crying . When I got up to check , they were both sound asleep . Turns out it was the wind . Some weather we've got , hey ? 
is looking at the snow out the window . 
is making split pea soup with ham , and thinking about some Brain-Free Knitting . 
is watching the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear , so far so good ( granted that they're still on the opening musical number :)) . 
had 111 trick-or-treaters tonight ! 
is getting ready to head out and vote ! 
is settling in to watch the election returns . I brought < PROPFIRST > to vote with me today , she really wanted to see how it was done . :) 
is making a variation of corn chowder for dinner :) . 
is considering the fact that the kids have 14 teachers between them this year , and the fact that there are only 3 hours allotted for paren t-t eacher conferences , and cannot seem to make the math quite work . 
is looking at the snow out the window . < PROPFIRST > says it's worse than it looks . Drive carefully , everyone . 
has Lazy Cabbage Roll Casserole in the slow cooker ! 
wonders if there's any bug going around that starts with a headache and low fever , < PROPFEMALE > had one today . 
is annoyed that every time I think the cough is gone , back it comes . Koff . 
has clothes in the washer and corned beef in the oven ! 
is switching to Eudora for an email client since Windows Live Mail got buggy on me . 
is looking at the weather report , and the view out the window , and will not be going to Houghton tonight . 
wishes everyone who celebrates it a happy and safe Thanksgiving ! 
is thankful for family and friends , for good health , for having enough to eat and a roof over my head . Simple things but so important . 
The kids are kind of annoyed that we \wasted\ " all that bad weather during vacation instead of getting snow days ! :) " 
Dear Mother Nature , I know I was complaining about the snow a bit , but really , rain ? And then the sub-freezing temperatures ? Local FB friends , drive carefully tomorrow ! 
has a cough/sore throat/the sniffles , and is kind of annoyed because I thought you couldn't get the same cold/flu twice in one season ! 
is turning in , since the Nyquil * finally * took effect . I remember when you took Nyquil and were lucky to make it up the stairs to bed , apparently the recipe has changed . 
is really disappointed that < PROPFIRST>'s ( the one that used to be Fraki's ) has changed their < PROPFEMALE > recipe ; the old one was outstanding , this one less so . 
is making cinnamon pie , something I never heard of until watching \Psych\ " last night . :) We'll see how it turns out . " 
is insomnia-ing . Bleh . 
Dear Weather Gods , I don't mind the snow terribly , but I'd sure like this December to be warmer than last year's . Temps in the 20s instead of single digits would be just fine . My children's fingers and toes thank you . 
Ham in the oven , smells awesome , listening to < PROPFIRST > practice her clarinet upstairs . :) 
took butter out of the fridge to soften , doing a bit of baking tonight . 
made chocolate chip cookie bars ( gluten-free ) , brownies ( gluten-free ) , and chocolate pound cake ( chock full of wheat , because I'm not that good of a baker :)) . 
Hoping that everyone is enjoying a joyous holiday season ! 
A Good Yule and Happy Solstice to all who celebrate it ! 
Had a Moo-Latte from DQ and a 20-oz Coke and am fully caffeinated , think I may get some knitting done tonight :) . 
Making pies . ( Pillsbury crust , but still , pies ! ) 
Wishing a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all who celebrate it -- may you find no coal in your stockings this year ! 
Just finished putting dinner in the oven ( the cheese grits are the last to go in ) , and am watching < PROPFIRST > play Dead Rising 2 . 
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries -- A.A. Milne 
Made homemade chocolate pudding tonight . I can still feel it clinging to my arteries , that's how good it was . :) 
Listening to the church across the street playing carols on its carillon . Still not sure why they don't play them * before * Christmas , but they didn't last year either . 
Getting ready to cook ! In a rare moment of organization , I actually wrote up a schedule of when what things need to go in the oven or whatever . Turns out I still have time to waste on FB before I start ! 
Happy New Year , everyone ! 
Ribs are in the oven and everything else running on schedule -- just need to check one more recipe and I'm good to go ! 
Making potato-corn chowder . 
Insomnia , it runs in the family . :P 
Making corned beef and cabbage , waiting for the storm we're supposedly getting . Hey , does anyone have a recommendation for a rice cooker -- must hold at least 8 cups ( uncooked ); ours finally quit on us . 
So what happened to the storm we were expecting ? 
Oh sure , NOW it starts to snow for real ... 
Going to knit and watch \The Walking Dead\ " for a while . " 
Not quite sure why I'm still awake , but I plan to put a stop to that--'night all ! 
Well , FB sez in the next few days I'll \be upgraded\ " to the new profile . Lovely . " 
Have two kids home sick today . :( 
Went to < PROPFIRST>'s band concert at the school , all the classes did great but of course I think the 6th-graders did the best . :) 
Going to knit and watch more of the CSI marathon . 
Made shredded beef sandwiches for dinner :) . 
Just tuned in to the start of \Bridge on the River Kwai . \ " Guess I'll get a little more quilting done tonight ! :) " 
Took advantage of the break in the snow and went to < PROPFIRST>'s to pick up pasties and shepherds pies for dinner :) 
Took < PROPFEMALE > to the mall today for the going-out-of-business sale at < PROPFEMALE>'s . One more empty storefront . 
Hurt my wrist quilting . Guess that's what ibuprofen's for , right ? 
Listening to < PROPFIRST > and her friends playing Green Day Rock Band . :) 
Quilting and listening to the Ramones on Pandora ! 
Back from the ER , < PROPFEMALE > has a broken foot . :( 
Apparently I live in one of the only spots in the country NOT currently awaiting a blizzard . How weird is that ? 
Apparently the Superbowl is over , half the posts on my FB are ecstatic , the other half are reeeeally depressed . :) 
Doing laundry , and am consistently amazed at how many towels I wash in a given week . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! Also , apparently folks are changing their userpic to something with themselves and their partner , so there it is over on the left . 
Getting sick and can't sleep , time to try again . 
I'm sick . :P Not as sick as < PROPFIRST > , but sick . Guess it's the season . 
Home sick with < PROPFIRST > . We're watching old episodes of \House\ " and sharing a box of Kleenex . " 
I slept 14+ hours last night . ( Wouldn't mind a nap now , come to think of it . ) On the plus side , < PROPFIRST > seems to be feeling better . 
I've got two sick kids home from school today . And me of course . You should go buy stock in Kleenex and Nyquil . :) 
Just saw the first episode of season 3 of the British \Being Human \"-- it's got Robson Green ! " 
Omigosh , I just had a vacuum cleaner salesman knock at the front door unannounced ! I didn't know they even had those anymore ! 
Making potato-corn chowder with ham . 
Waiting for the chocolate bundt cake to cool so I can glaze it before bed . 
< PROPFIRST > says that mangoes taste like pine trees . :) 
Making chocolate chip bar cookies ; finally getting back in the baking groove , maybe ? 
Mmmm , paczki season ! 
Made spice cake with cream cheese frosting ( trying a new recipe ) . 
Sometimes the folks downstate tend to forget that we're part of Michigan up here , and right now I'm perfectly fine with that . :P 
< PROPFIRST > made brownies tonight , she and I are eating them and watching \Hot Shots . \"" 
Enjoying the early spring , hoping it lasts . I suppose we've still got time for a blizzard or two though ... 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are pounding the kitchen walls looking for studs . ( Apparently stud finders don't work on plaster . ) 
I have a cabinet on my kitchen wall , soon to be cabinetS . :) 
Has made chocolate chip cheesecake bars with a < PROPMALE > cracker crust . Now they need to cool . 
Thank you to everyone for all the birthday wishes -- I had a great one ! :) 
I was just Right in an argument about \Star Wars\ " with < PROPFIRST > . Be impressed ! " 
Dude , it's snowing ! Winter weather advisory , so be advised . :) 
