Uhhh , Hi ? 

Laptop screen is busted . No more using it for random things anymore . 
Bored out of my natural mind . 
So the game is next week , eh ? 
Mr. lonely . 
Ok , doppleganger week , Who do I look like ? 
I get by with a little help from my friends . 
If I could do just one near perfect thing I’d be happy . They’d write it on my grave , or when they scattered my ashes . On second thoughts , I’d rather < PROPFEMALE > around and be there with my best friend , 
I win ! Nobody else is on right now ! 
Sense-memory papers don't write themselves . 
One down , one to go . 
Who's bored but not tired ? I am . 
Good morning not so free day . 
Dnd today , sounds like its another not so free day . 
I am shirking responcibilities left and right today . 
I am on task , oddly enough . 
My mom's here , great ! Right ? Somebody save me .... please ... 
Has bad timing and is angry about it . 
Settling back into just being \down \"." 
Happy V-day to everyone who has a reason to celebrate ! 
Hey guys , guess who has a cell phone . 561 - 666-0198 . 
Yeah so 561 -666- 0198 , feel free to call or text . 
Well , FF12 has run its course with me tonight . 
Normal feels good man . 
Good weird , needs to speak up more . 
Hmm , perhaps being down is a trend . 
:] 
I'm taking my insomnia out for a stroll . What are you doing here ? 
Philsophy club . 
Why is there a wall in my head ? It is made of brick and clearly cannot exist in the same space my mind is in . Also : Philosophy club . 
Saga Edition tomorrow at this one guy's house and somebody needs to get in contact with me . Also : Philosophy Club . 
Saga edition in a few hours provided somebody gets back to me . Also : Philosophy club . 
SAGA editon when < PROPMALE > wakes up . Also , Philosophy club . 
Saga edition has knocked me out . 
Let's see what happens tomorrow . 
Alright , so dnd people ready to play today sound off because your game is in jeopardy right now . 
Ok , so I'm like a coin right , guess which side is up ? Also : Philosophy club . 
Well I guess I got flip turned upside down . Now let me take a minute , just sit right there I'll tell you how the end of this day makes me feel like I'm walking on air . 
Ok , saga tomorrow . Also : Philosophy club . 
Business from last night : Found my laptop charge cord ; I like how every time we talk I think there's more to the conversation that I'm not reacting to because I'm tired ; Wow , drama-drama ; You guys wanna buy some deathsticks ? ; I'm down for pizza , how about you ? ; next time , I'll make sure you miss the platform . 
So yeah , philosophy club and all that . 
So yeah , Pathfinder today . 
Pathfinder's over . < PROPMALE>'s starting up a new game . 
Roll Call . 
A whole morning of F-zero and T vs C sounds good to me . Also pathfinder is like batman's parents . 
And I say again , Roll call , and Pathfinder's dead . 
I'm up , I think . 
Saga , the bonus session , is on today . 
I'm back . 
This morning I woke up and realized how hard I was trolling yesterday , and not just the one person reading this but other people . Damn .. 
And now I'm a positive person again . 
I'd say 99 problems but a bitch ain't one . However I don't have 99 problems and I'm sure there's no bitch involved . 
Hey guys , tomorrow , spring break is over and we're back to the grind . Any last words ? 
So how was the first week back ? 
The sun hurts my eyes sometimes . 
I should take emt training sometime . 
Wants to say he studies more often then he does nothing . 
Boring cafeteria is boring . 
Home and wasting the time away from school . 
Hey guess what ? Its the morning 
Hey the cafeteria's getting better today . 
Hey home is quiet today . 
Let's see if I can go for two days . 
I did it . We did it . 
Now back to the grind . 
So far so good but today's the day with my easy classes . 
So far so good this week , tomorrow I'll have to explain why I can't do something to someone who really doesn't care . 
Clash of the titans was funny . 
The weakest session by far . 
Today was not a day off . 
Uhh , how's sunday everybody ? 
Got owned by the line outside the dmv , going to try again tomorrow . 
Got owned by a parking spot . 
Trying again today . 
Bitch ! I am driving . 
I cut off my first minivan driver today ! 
Quite the sucessful session today . In many more ways then one . 
Move along everyone the rage monster is gone now . 
Has a first generation xbox right now . 
I am a rock , I am an island . 
is tired . 
feels like he needs some fries with that shake . 
Hey guys , is < PROPFIRST > alive ? 
Snuck in end of arc is snuck in . 
Stuff is done , now to waste the rest of today . 
Math . 
School is semi-interesting . 
I don't like papers . 
Yes , I shaved . 
The stubble cometh ! 
I don't much like today . 
I think I came down with something ... 
There is no < PROPMALE > , only texas instruments . 
Alright so let's see if I can talk by the end of tonight . 
My mind can be free to wander the wold that surrounds me rather then the world that astounds me once more . Thank you everyone , this could have gotten nowhere but my head if you all were not involved . 
I have cleaned a great many things today , I feel like a janitor . 
World Cup . 
my feet are extremely ticklish 
Everyone seems so bored today , even I'm bored . 
Good morning . 
Tonight's a glorius night to try and take over myself . 
< PROPMALE > Weaving is African . 
Cats make strange noises when you take them places . 
Jump Good . 
Night . 
is contemplating watching the original trilogy later today . 
Took a nap . 
Ended up only watching episode 4 , though I found some interesting ways to look at the social groups I'm a part of by doing so . 
Ready for that test , now I just need to find a number of things to do to get me to 6 pm . 
Sometimes I wonder why I show up to this class . 
I'm bored . 
Can't wait for tomorrow . 
To all I bid thee good night ! 
Wow , short session was oddly done . 
I'm in class . 
This just in , Airman is < PROPFIRST > Mencia . 
The trick is not only going along with it , control isn't the key . The key is consent . You don't have to be the schemer to take advantage of the scheme . 
... :/ 
needs more sleep . 
starts today a later then usual . 
blarg . 
So who's doing what today because I'm not going to be bored ? 
Last break before exam 4 ! 
Only the final to go ! 
Just got home , going to relax . 
Hello sun , my blinds are saying hi . 
Damn you attendence recording ! 
World Cup , usa vs england . This is my day . 
Game over . 1 - 1 . 
Cool Story Bro . 
This is my status . 
BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
Last day for summer A .. 
I'm free of math class ! 
I guess the chat is broken . 
Hmm , I wonder what tomorrow brings ? 
And now I get to be home . 
Today could use some spice . 
For a million reasons , today feels good man . 
I think my phone can't text due to some service problem . 
I would gladly kill you if you would just die ! - still no cell phone for now . 
I have a phone again ! 
Whomever invented locked lug nuts needs to die in a fire , even if they are already dead . 
Sometimes you just have to check out early . 
Why do I have things to do today ? 
What if Immanuel Kant was a psychic ? 
:) 
Accounting is easier then I remember it . 
That's an interesting question . \ 
http://www.digitalbusstop.com/mind-explode/ 
Today is a new day . 
id an honest day's work in an hour and a half , feels good man . 
At school , hungry and bored . 
A brand new day . 
Happy Birthday dad . 
Last day of summer B for me . 
I'm free ! Feels good man . 
So tired ... 
All packed to disappear for the next 8 days . Now its just the waiting game until I end up at the airport . 
I left florida for guidoland .... 
Modern warfare 2 actually has a good story ... 
I don't pull this \not sleep\ " thing like I used to ... " 
Thumbs up , I'm headed to the shore . 
I'm back from two days at the shore . Ask me anything . 
Thank you so much for the birthday wishes everyone . I finally saw inception , ate white castle . Had southern BBQ in a place decorated like an amusement park . So far this is awesome ! 
Went to a restaurant that had a dish called the Dragon and the Phoenix , how could I order anything else ? 
I'm finally home . 
Note to self : DON'T GET 
I'm up but that doesn't mean I'm awake . 
I like how every time I have something important to do , I always wake up 7 hours before I actually have to do it . 
I'm back in business , literally . 
Fau financial aid doesn't cover books . Yay ! 
Day two at fau : I did not expect to do work in this class . And I was right . 
Hey everyone , Heads up . My phone's going to be down for a little while . 
Still no phone , still no books but I feel alright . 
No phone , no books but my homework is done , goodnight all . 
I have phone ! 
New radiator , cell phone is back , I have cash now . I'm tired enough not to care that much right now , I smell the beginning of an awesome day . 
Too tired . 
Apparently I wanted to be here because I am . 
Why the fresh hell am I still awake ? 
My oh my \ 
I didn't die . 
My social life did two 180's yesterday . First I was bummed because I couldn't get the car . Then I get invited to this awesome show , at the show I see < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > . The bands were amazing now if only I could remember their names . 
I am beyond done with this class . 
Smooth jazz and a beard , ahh the simple things . 
The Chat is a liar . 
Must do more things . 
I got a job ! 
now understands why people drink starbucks . Not sure if I would do it again though . 
I have received internet , now if only I could receive some free time . 
Yeah , I'm up , I don't know if I'm alive yet ... 
This place seems sorted , let's see what happens when I head to sleep . 
I am done tonight . 
I am darth latte , I have fallen to the espresso side . 
Let's all jump on the bandwagon ! \ 
If you Like my status I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . To post this . 
First paycheck . Feels good . 
I have finally received the gift of internet back ( I'm using the school's wifi ) . Given that my home internet has been down since last thursday . What did I miss ? 
Ok , I'm back . 
The earlier I sleep , the earlier I rise . 
Economics : Graphing greed and self interest . In every situation . 
The burning < PROPFEMALE > will light the path to your new path . 
Beware the mutant , the heretic , and the zeno . Most of all , beware the ones that you cannot see , for the ones you can see are already dead . 
Yeah , I'm awake , so what ? 
Eat -> sleep . This is the way my one day vacation feels . 
No internet at the home but I'm on at fau . Off to class . 
is in the beginning of an awesome day . 
Awoo indeed , Mr. < PROPFIRST > . 
Have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! I wish to those that sleep , that the awake to the splendor of gifts and welcome company . To those of us who are awake , I most certainly hope you have had a wonderful day . Goodnight all . 
is crazy . 
This is a rice crunchies in chocolate milk kind of day . 
Salty food + general level of dehydration = bad idea . 
is finally at home after braving the foggy back roads of west lake worth . 
Anthropology takes itself way too seriously . 
We have officially made ready the angry < PROPFEMALE > , join us next time as the plot thickens on WALLHAMMER FAULTY < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hot chocolate in the morning . 
Needs a new backup plan against boredom for when he ventures into lake worth . 
Beautiful World . 
Sleep is for the weak . 
Pig-moes have souls . 
