Happy 2010 ... good grief I turn 35 this year ... remember when that was OLDDDDDDDDDDDDD ????????? 

Happy New Year and to all a good night ! :) ( wrong story I think :) ) 
It's official ... I NEVERRRRRRR have to go back to USAFA again ! Hot damn ! 
I'm about 5 weeks from being a New Yorker !!! ( Holy schneikes I have a lot of work to do ... ) 
The Rockies ... damnnnn ... just as I go to NY they decide to play again ... sheesh :) 
I've had as much \fun\ " as I can looking at houses online in NY ... wish Tues . would come sooner so that I could get back there to look at my ridiculous list of these things ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin ... LMAO ... I think the funniest thing was Kristol saying , \crazy like a fox\ " about the woman--here's hoping she's just going to get her money for her book deal and some silly Huckabee kind of thing that I never have to see !!!! " 
I am amazed this < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > pandemonium hasn't quite croaked yet . The dude hadn't been relevant for like 15-20 years ( aside from in the court room ) ... 
I was entertained by < PROPMALE > Potter -- even if I did stay up til 330 in the morning last night ( hey , at least I didn't dress up ... ) 
Packing blows ! 
G . < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... bloody unbelievable--he's too damned lazy to request the public info . doc's from Hawai'i that shows the PREZ was born in the US ... and won't believe when he is shown the doc's on the news ... ridiculous B.S. 
Cleaning ... and doing crappy last bits packing absolutely blows !!! Tomorrow is electronics wrapping day though for the movers they come on Monday morning bright and early !!!! 
The movers come tomorrow to load our stuff , then we're off to a Doubletree for the night ( god I love priceline ) and then we're off on our epic trip across .... :) :) :) 
Hire movers to come and pack your shit in a moving truck and not only are they the two wimpiest POS's , but they were lazy , and then they quit before the job was done because one of them had a dr's appt ( forget the obvious question of ' why'd you take the # 
Sitting somewhere in Indiana ... tomorrow -- Scranton , < PROPFEMALE > ... had to spend some time in Biden's boyhood hood :) 
We're in Poughkeepsie ... waiting on the @#($(E@ cable dude who was supposed to be here almost an hour ago ... two phone calls later , still don't know when ( and no , I'm not patient ... 1800 < PROPMALE > and X Games to watch is me not patient with service folk who c 
Only two more nights of the beastly air beds til we get our comfy cozy bed ... YAYYYYY 
Is looking at the ridiculous pile of boxes ... the damn things just don't unpack themselves ... how rude of them ! :) :) 
Waiting for the last push of unpacking ... clothes , knick knacks ( i.e. , a whole lot of little crap ) , and pictures ... and yes--we've been dragging our feet , but I have purple hair now so that's totally worth it ! :) 
I now have an external incentive to get the packing finished ... a MASSAGE ( < PROPMALE > really does rock :) ) ... and yes , I needed said external incentive ... I'm sick of this ! :) LOL 
As I look at the pooches sleeping soundly on the bed , I quietly wish to myself that we could trade places :) :) :) ... you know ... live their overly cush dogster lives :) 
< PROPMALE > Franks -- finally telling nutjobs what they deserve to hear !!! Our Congress people don't deserve the verbal abuse , name-calling , and BS of uncivil idiots . If we don't like ' em , vote ' em out . If we have something to say , say it with passion and intelligence . And for goodness sakes , if we behave badly , expect to be told off -- most of us would in our regular lives ! 
Verizon Wireless has just confirmed that they are pulling their advertising dollars from the < PROPFIRST > Beck show -- sweetness !!!!!!! Now I can feel better about my cell phone , internet , and tv ( whew :) ... 
I'm contemplating finishing my syllabus ... but hey , I don't teach til Tuesday ! 
Have to say Wolverine was a very good flick ! 
Curses ... I've only scared away one little creature from my classes ... hmmm ... clearly I've appeared to nice -- I have one more < PROPMALE > this week to get more to drop ! :) :) :) 
Was going to post about the delight of waiting for the Indian food to be delivered , but will add that I , like any one with any level of humanity and sanity believe that no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , add it to your status ! :) 
World of Warcraft and/or first person zombie killing ... hmmmmmm ... :) that's my decision for today ! 
mmmmmm ... Wolverine ... yummy :) 
A fan of the 9th district NY Congressman ... the man can actually think , articulate what should be the liberal position on health care reform , and is brave enough to speak out . 
Who cares if Obama called Kanye a jackass -- he is . BUT I think the bigger issue is the lack of respect for \off-the-record\ " conversation that has ALWAYS been respected for the Pres -- that he can chat before an interview or press conference starts and it's only with the people in the room . That's the story here ... not that he called Kanye a jackass . " 
I am loving the fact that South Park ( Comedy Central ) is advertising the Kanye West episode this week ... an accident ? I think not ! :) :) :) :) 
Hmmm .... 17 minutes until I get to listen to students proposing their very best ideas for new organizations . Of the 7 presentations today ( between 2 classes ) , I predict at least 4 eco-businesses and 3 of those will apologize for the cost of the ' stuff ' they're selling ... :) 
Colorado Rockies ... NICE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( even with a Huston Street blown save ) 
Silly Braves .... they had hope until today ... 
Now that I have changed my FB pw , we should be free of commercial ads in my status and back to our regularly scheduled political \WTF\ " questions :) " 
Pondering living in other countries :) 
Huston Street ... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ... for a UT alum with only 2 blown saves out of 35 in the regular season , he has to pick the NLDS to choke ... 2 nights in a row ????? OYYY VEIIIIIIII 
\34% of adults believe that President Obama was born in another country . 47% of Republicans hold that belief . About a third -- 30% -- say Obama is a Muslim . \ " ( Middle TN St Univ . poll ) Good grief we are a stupid people ... " 
Waiting for < PROPMALE > so that we can go get some Indian food ... 
Mmmmmm ... Indian food ... yummy 
Grading , research , service , advising 29 freshmen , and 3 new class preps for next semester ... good grief , this is like a real job :) 
I've procrastinated long enough ... the articles don't write themselves dammit ! 
Shockingly between 1:30 am and 9am on a Monday/Tuesday , there just aren't that many status updates ... gives pause :) . 
Procrastinating ... taken to an < PROPMALE > form ! 
Hmmm ... Northwest Airlines computer system ... really ? 24 hours in advance of 410pm can't mean 404pm ? :) :) :) :) 
My friends who are going to be in Chicago ... call ... there is much amock running to be done this week !!!! 
NCA Update : Brain full ... great risk and crisis communication ... brain full ... must empty with alcohol ! :) 
I have realized that IF I'm going to wear heels , I cannot just break ' em out when I come to NCA ... two days of heel hell and my feet protest ... I am now wearing comfy shoes and adjusting wardrobe selections :) 
My friends that I got to see at NCA ... was GREAT to see you !!!!!!!! I know I didn't get to spend enough time with most of you ... but was at least nice to touch base ! 
I just soooo kicked that paper's ass .... it only took a year , but dammit it's done ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Day Before the Christmas Season Officially Kicks Off ! :) 
I contributed to the economy today ... for my Mom ... helped her shop online ... nothing like the 2000 mile away shopping trip :) 
Yeah ... ummm ... 1 second ... seriously UT -- that was a bit too much of a squeaker ... BUT GO UT ! :) 
What ? You mean that as an academic , you don't have ridiculous amounts of free time -- go around doing nothing all day with your pipe and elbow-padded jacket on ? GRRRRRRRRRRRR 
I'm in denial about my grading .... here's the really bad part ... I don't actually HAVE to submit my grades until Dec . 28 ... curse the procrastination enabling ! 
Hmmm .... I should be grading but I'm going for a MUCH overdue hair appointment .... :) HA HA ... Take that procrastination ! 
Brain numb ........ no more worky ... I think I should grade with Beer ... 
I find that the most valuable news stories are the non-story news stories ... ( i.e. , < PROPMALE > Franken keeping to the same 10 < PROPFEMALE > speaking time that had been enforced all day ) , but what I found most telling was McCain's grandstanding about ' all his years in the Senate ' having never seen something as horrible ... give me a break . 
Weather didn't fuck up my holiday travels ... no no no ... some douche bag who leaves the wrong plane at the gate ( and an hour and a half delay ) mean that I'm going home to spend Christmas with < PROPMALE > and the dogs .... probably better in the long run ! :) 
I'm hoping to do nothing productive tomorrow nor Christmas day !!!! :) 
Happy Holidays all !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Amazing , isn't it that the quality of your teaching is directly proportional to how well some students do in class :) 
Happy New Year my friends ! Bottom's Up ! :) :) :) 
So , we've been watching the first three seasons of Mad Men ... love it ... and really looking forward to season 4 when the whiney Mrs. Draper hopefully goes away ... good grief she's an unsympathetic piece of ... fluff 
Has anyone else noticed that < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is really beginning to look like the crypt keeper ? 
Work ... hmmm ... can't I jus be a professional slacker ? 
I have a 24\ monitor at work now ... it's very very cool ... I know ... sad but the small things matter :) " 
Bloody hell ... so close to a come back to fumble ... come on Horns ... poor freshman kid ! 
Grrrr ... misfortune , bad ref'ing , and a young replacement QB who did alright ... Hook ' Em anyhow 
So , I've been ' earning ' on my check rewards for a couple of years now ... and I buy almost everything on my check card ( wish I could do rent that way ) and now have earned enough points for a $50 worth of something ... hmmmm ... Really ?! 
You know ... I made it through 15 mins of the < PROPFIRST > Beck , < PROPFEMALE > Palin hour-long sit down ... I was proud of myself :) LMAO 
Conference proposals based on wine consumption ... now that's the kind of research we need to see more of ! 
First day of classes tomorrow ... yeah , I think a couple more hours of Warcraft sound good ! ( Hey my syllabi are all ready to go , my camera ready in the hope that I learn at least half their names before the end of the semester , and I swear to all that is holy if my upstairs neighbor doesn't quit clomping around from 11-3am we may have to have a beat down ) 
I really do believe that the support and mobilization for Haiti is great ... now I wonder why we fail to show such action about other stuff that matters ( and I mean both government and people ) . 
TGIF ... T-minus 2 hours until I go get my drink on !!!!! ( yes , I have a class on FRIDAY afternoon that ends at 445 ... REALLY ?????? ) 
I just found out that Snookie on Jersey Shore ( I watch the Soup ... that's why I know about it ) is from Poughkeepsie ... that's kind of embarrassing and I'm just a new resident ... poor natives :) 
Needy graduate students could drive me up a wall ... just do your readings , do your homeworks , and contribute to the conversation ... this isn't rocket science people !!!! 
I love my new employer ... they're supportive , they're nice , and they pay when we do extra work ... who knew that could happen ? 
So ... I'll summarize part of Obama's speech last night ... Dem's grow a sac , Republicans ... suck it . :) I LIKED IT :) 
It's now 11 , I have my broom handle ready to beat on the ceiling ... but I remain hopeful ( you know , kind of like Obama ... hopeful , but not reall ) that I won't have to use it after my upstairs neighbor received the note from the office suggesting that quiet hours are appropriate in an apartment complex :) :) 
The funniest thing of the day ... seriously ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKr3-DNg_SA 
Grrrrrr ... listening to all these jackasses arguing against repeal of Don't Ask Don't Tell is just frustrating--let's put this in the appropriate frame ... the same types of arguments were used when the military was racially integrated and when women joined the force . Just insert \black\ " anywhere someone says \ " gay\ " and see how all that sounds ! " 
Just sayin ' .... once someone begins ironic discourse they have to be up for additional ironic discourse :) 
Still enjoying the smack Obama put down at the GOP event in < PROPFEMALE > ... I say more British style Question time ... both parties invited !!!! :) 
FB -- quick pissing around with your front < PROPFEMALE > layout ... your bored web designers need to drink less caffine and go do something else ... 
So ... the Saints won ... ( good on them ) , but in the political breakdown , more Dem's had supported the Saints and more GOP had supported the Colts ... surely this foretells amazing things for the Dem party ... OMG ... 100% majority in both houses .... ( please note sarcasm here ;) ) 
The US spends 17% on health care compared to about 7% in the UK . The US still as 30-45 million people with no health coverage and if you're the lucky customer of Anthem , you probably are seeing a double-digit increase in your health coverage . It's not that their systems are inherently better ... there are +'s and -'s on both sides . It's that our side is inhumane if you cannot afford it AND it simply costs too much . 
FYI Maladaptive and vindictive strategies for retribution on the neighbor worked ... since her early morning wake up with heavy metal coupled with 10 minutes of mocking her idiocy for complaining ( to her face , btw ) has worked . She hasn't been a disruptive cow since ... hmmmm ... this does not reinforce the pro-social efforts I began with for a month :) 
I am now a HUGE fan of < PROPFIRST > Friedman -- not only does she point out that Palin has no sense of humor but that she sees Palin's use of her child as cheap political drama . This is , of course , the simplest explanation for Palin's repeated calls for Rahm's resignation and defense of Rush ... 
I'm sooooo looking forward to the Thursday health care meeting .... esp . with the Republican line up that's going . I'll either be yelling at the TV or cheering loudly at the TV :) 
Is it bad that I am probably hoping classes are canceled tomorrow as much as my students ? I'm just sooooo not in the mood to teach tomorrow ! 
Yay ... classes are cancelled today !!!! 
Hmmm ... advisees drop by without appointments and I don't yet know their names ... not awkward at all 
OMFG ... I think that the people at Verizon are \special\ " ... I'm on hold for the third time today while they cannot get the dates for our move correctly put into their system . Thank goodness for online order summaries so that I can check on their work ... OYYY VEI " 
< Doing a little dance around the room > I'm going to Amsterdam in July ... :) :) :) And now , I just have to see if I'm also going to Braga , Portugal right after ;) 
I think my hubby kind of rocks ... he let me work all weekend while he cleaned our OMG filthy new house ( upside ... we didn't have to pay rent for March ... downside ... we'll spend about the same getting the house cleaned and decorated the way we want ... c'est la vie :) ) ... bonus on 2 fronts -- I got work done AND I hate cleaning ... he's kind of cool ... I think I may keep him around :D 
So ... we found one of the shades of red that in a flat finish ..... DOESN'T ... 4 coats of paint and my < PROPFEMALE > with painting later ( that is after painting about 1200 other sf of house ) , we're going to bust out the semi-gloss in the same color ... call the existing 4 coats a lovely primer and say \SUCK IT RED \"" 
In the last several days , I have built fence , laid artificial turf ( place for dogs to use as a toilet , doesn't get muddy , washes with a hose , and requires no other maintenance ... ) which came in bastarding heavy rolls , painted the house ( omg , we have bright walls ) , and am excited to report that one more day until the house is ready .... and then I just have to pack ... hmmm .... good grief I hate moving ! 
So .... I am sooooo totally and completely in the world of apathy -- I just don't freakin ' care . :) 
More than half way done with grad . student term papers ( grades due Monday ) , the painting in the house is nearly done , and I've even started my packing in the apt ( we're moving Thursday ... it's not like I'm ahead of the game here ) , but at least progress . By the time we're done with this onslaught , < PROPMALE > and I are going to be dead to the world , but .... we'll be out of our apt and I'll be caught up on grading ! 
OMFG ... VERIZON ..... 5 phone calls , 3 hours , and they cannot find our internet and phone move order ... you have GOT TO BE JOKING ... at least we have TV at the new house -- somehow they managed to process that one . 
I am without internet at home for 6 days . Yesterday was the breaking point ... I was transferred from dept . to dept . with Verizon about 13 times ( no joke ) after knowing what the issue was and what needed to be done to resolve it . #13 was to the order/sales dept . to cancel our order ( I suggested very delicately ... cough cough ) that their customer service \lacked \"." 
I am off .... ( pausing for comic effect because I know what y'all were thinking anyhow ) ... to get some supplies so that we can continue the unpacking journey ... holy cow I hate moving SOOOO MUCH ! 
I have internet at home again ... things are right in the world again :) 
Go Rockies ... nice start ! Even if the win was a little ugly in the 9th ... the rest of the game was a solid domination ! :) 
Chaos !!!!!!!!!!!! 
April 15 .... DOH .... I have to get < PROPMALE > something .... ( it's his bday ) 
So many book ideas ... already behind on research .... like I have the damn time ! 
< PROPMALE > Boyle ... DUDE !!!!!! You've got to feel like a goat ! 
Want to stop bitching and whining about quizzes when teaching research methods ? Use the quiz grades as a data analysis activity , walk students through chi-square and ANOVA letting them come to the conclusions that : ( 1 ) the assessments met their goals ; ( 2 ) they were fair ; and ( 3 ) stats can help in rational decision making . Then tell them what they just spent the last 45 minutes analyzing ... SUCK IT :) :) Muah ha ha ha 
Boooooooom ... buh-bye Avs ... I guess somehow you managed to snatch defeat from ... oh wait -- your incredibly lucky first few games to < PROPFEMALE > with a team who had to find their post-season stride while you were < PROPFEMALE > ing on the coat tails of a goalie playing especially well ... Stupid Av's commentators , coach , and arrogant boys 
Is it wrong that my biggest goal for today is going to sleep ? :) :) :) 
Just follow directions ... really ? Is it that hard ???? And no , we're not talking about conscietious objections and civil disobedience ... we're talking students finishing their damned work 
Saying au-re-vore ( yes , I know it's misspelled ... that's the point ) to refined corn syrup and sugars .... how , you ask ? By drinking a rootbeer and having some cookies ... but dammit ... there we go :) 
Itsy bitsy spider drifted down from the ceiling in front of me ... itsy bitsy spider is squashed :) . Clearly , I'm not a Buddhist . 
Oh futility .... 
Well , the Sharks are down 5-0 in the first ... I think we'll watch something else and come back to it Saturday :) 
Student : \Where am I supposed to coordinate with my group on the final paper ? \ " My response : \ " Ummm ... not sure given that I'm not in the group and y'all had to coordinate that . \ " Yeah ... that leaves me hopeful .... NOT " 
I get through stuff on my \to do\ " list like some kind of mad banshee .... then I look again just to realize that I have things on the list ... BOLLOCKS ! " 
I mean ... really .... just follow directions -- then I won't require beer to grade final projects , yell at the computer , and give up in a frustrated fit for the weekend ! 
Oh graduations ..... I think the most annoying part of them ... parking issues ! 
OMFG , I am an idiot ... just a tip ... when you have a 5 IV study and one of those IV's requires a little more work to run the interactions , DON'T forget ... I did and of course it's the #)($%()#()@ IV that interacts with EVERYTHING . More annoying ? I was done writing the results section and just getting everything together for discussions ... KILL ME NOW ! 
After a moment of gigantic idiocy today ( see previous frustration :) ) ... the paper for a conference in Portugal is finito ... and my brain hurts ... thinking and data analysis are baaaaaad . 
OMG ... Air conditioning ... I think that we have to go buy some window a/c's SOON ... our oven is much like a house ;) 
Oh Americans ... we don't actually know what our civil rights are .... A guy spouting off in my class asserted that ' Our constitutional rights protect us from being video taped like London does .... ' LOL ... ummm ... no they don't 
So ... here's my thing ... when we have technology that can improve the outcomes of sporting events ... let's use it . Let's embrace the reality of booth review for critical plays in baseball , football ( proper ... you know ... soccer ) , and anything else that doesn't already use technology >>> GOOOD GOD ! 
Woken by puking dog at 145am .... on the bedspread ( oh 2am laundry how I love thee ) , on the wood floor ( easy to clean ) , and on the rug by the bed ... lovely ... waiting up with the little beast to see if we can safely go back to bed ... lovely ... just lovely . 
So .... 2 of 4 games < PROPMALE > puts the wrong dudes on the field to start .... 
FIFA and video review on goals ... doesn't even have to stop/ slow down the game ... but every goal should be reviewed ... we have the technology sheesh 
Dear little computer ... why must you be so damn slow to render 16 minute online lectures for my students ????? 
Going to be in Spain when the World Cup final is on .... rooting for the Netherlands ( quietly , 
Going to be in Spain when the World Cup final is on ... rooting for the Netherlands ( quietly of course since I'll be in Spain ;) because if the Netherlands wins I get to be there allllll week for the fun to follow ! 
In Espana watching the world cup in the bar ( ran upstairs during half time ) with a bunch of Spanish fans after walking around downtown Madrid with everyone coming in ... though I want the Dutch to win , this doesn't suck as a sporting co-viewing experience\ 
:) :) 
Enjoyed the Dutch celebration of the WC final on Tuesday ... noticing that I could quite happily live in the Netherlands ! :) 
Lovin ' Edinburgh 
So ... I don't know whether it's the pushy Spaniard travelers ( uniquely them .. ) , the annoying children , < PROPFIRST > Air , Madrid , or what but the combination of all of them make for an incredibly sucktastic airport experience ... Oy vei .... At least we're happily in Braga , Portugal now ... very beautiful here !!! 
Hates Verizon ( not Verizon wireless ... that's a lovely branch of their corporation ... but the jackass phone , internet , tv branch of the corporation that they do not staff competently , cannot get anything right ) soooooooo much ! 
Glad to be home ... my own bed , pooches , and I suppose < PROPMALE > too ;) :) is nice ! 
American soccer commentators .... ' yeah , we have two of the best coaches in the game here tonight ... < PROPMALE > Arena and Sir < PROPFIRST > Ferguson ' ... Really ? They think that Arena is even in the same league as Ferguson ? Seriously .... here's a moment for a South Park \Really ?!??? \ " Good grief . " 
If you ever want to get your blood pressure up , just go onto AOL or Yahoo news , read a story ( pretty much any story , but the best ones mention Obama ) and just watch the lunatics ... good god it's astounding that these people exist ( sorta , but not really ... ) 
Cook .... dude ... seriously ?! 
Contemplating going to bed ... but it's so damned hot .... next summer ... A/C in all of our rooms , not just the TV room .... dammit ! :) 
What's the dealio with non-standardized USB connectors for cameras , phones , etc . etc . Seriously ... make them all the same because I'm tired of trying to keep track of like 4 different ones ! 
The profile photo ... was on actual boxes of cigarettes for sale in the duty free shop in Portugal ... made me laugh ! 
I think that we just vacuumed , dusted , and swept about 4 dogs off the floors/ rugs ( and ps , everything was done 2 weeks ago AND the doggies get brushed often ) ... fur balls 
< PROPFEMALE > ... in my continuing week of dog cleaning issues ... so ummm ... if you live on the east coast , in particular ( you know , one of the buggiest places for animals ) , make sure that your flea collar is all kinds of good to go because otherwise you have itchy dogs that you then have to bathe and a house to delouse with lavender and cedar tree oils diluted in water ... oh joy . Now I'm itchy just knowing that . Grrrr . 
Contemplating ... something ;) 
Sooo ... ummmm ... my friends ... for any of you with ridiculous student < PROPFEMALE > debt that you really cannot afford to pay back at the moment ... do any of the institutions that you work for offer an education credit ? Or would the couple of thousand bucks per semester that you might pay for a par t-t ime student status be less than your student < PROPFEMALE > s ? If so , you can obtain an in-school deferment on your < PROPFEMALE > s . Just sayin ' . 
Totally understand and agree with Hawpe's release ( Rockies ) , but still sad to see him go ... good guy , good player , good representative of the game of baseball ... hopefully he gets picked up soon ! 
Completely NOT amused at the smell of skunk in my backyard ... though I suppose in the yard is better than on the dogs , but still ... we're good with the wild cats , the squirrels , the ground hogs , but NO SKUNKS ( and yes , we live in downtown Poughkeepsie ) 
Does anyone else really hate watching History channel documentaries ( e.g. , the ancient mariners one , the Mayan ones ) making claims about an in-depth investigation , only to have two hours of your life sucked away by complete trite crap ????? You'd think we'd learn , but alas .... 
The dogs demand attention ... Having a little black dog trying to crawl on my lap while I'm typing is not conducive to getting much typing done ... silly puppies ... clearly no Warcraft before bed tonight ... cuddling on the couch with the dogs :) 
New syllabi mostly done .... check .... Website content ready to send to departmental secretary .... check .... Invitation to debate tournament written ( don't ask ) .... check ... Three research projects that need to be rolling ... DOH ... I knew there was something I hadn't done ... damn :) 
Love it ... sooo ... ummm .... the dodgy questionably ' terrorist ' funding that the Park 51 mosque has ? Yeah ... that's the same dodgy questionably ' terrorist ' funding that Fox News gets ( i.e. , its largest owner outside of the Murdoch family ) ... at least < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > does journalism while he's making his comedy show ... good grief . 
Not amused ... have always liked watching the Cardinals ... am now dismayed that LaRussa and Pujols are going to Beckapalooza . Do they really think it's not going to be political ? And , p.s. Pujols has been a very strong advocate against the Arizona immigration law craziness ... does he not realize what Beck supports ????!!!! 
First day of classes tomorrow ... I don't teach til Wed .... hmmmm ... suppose I should do something constructive to create the illusion that I'm a good faculty member before then ;) 
Class tonight ... munchies and caffeine before ... I think so ! 
And now ... some warcraft ! 
I so believe that it's Friday and one of the many things I love about my job ( especially since I don't teach on Fridays this semester ) is that when I'm just not in the mood to work , I can go home ... I believe I'll do just that 
Hmmm ... I've definitely not been productive this weekend , but it's Labor Day ... that's alright isn't it ? :) 
Damn ... it's a bit chilly tonight ... think I'm going to have to turn off the fans in my room and may even close a window ... 
Work , grocery shopping , work , grocery shopping ... I suppose we want food in the house ( and a great way to procrastinate working ) . 
It's official ... NY is buggier than Texas ... round 2 of fighting fleas ... this time , we're going for pills ( that hopefully won't make the doggies feel crap like the topical ) . 
Going to the Rally to Restore Sanity ... should be interesting ! :) 
Annoyed this morning when , coming out of the public library , I have to pass a bunch of the elderly ( naturally , mostly men ) with hateful signs protesting Planned Parenthood ... if they're so damned worried about kids -- go volunteer , be a < PROPMALE > parent/grandparent , etc . instead of intimidating all women ( including the 95% who have nothing to do with abortion at Planned Parenthood ) who might need to use the organization . 
Oh Rockies , my Rockies ... pitching ... really ... truly ... seriously ... 
Oh Rockies , my Rockies ... the pitching wasn't pretty , but the hitting was !!!!! 
Contemplating work , but I'm on Facebook ... :) 
I have been on Facebook for hours ... AND I can legitimately say it was for a good reason ( research ) ... 
Contemplating bacon wrapped dates stuffed with blue cheese .... yummy :) 
Seriously in 5 months the BP case has produced thousands of pages of press releases , news stories , twitter , facebook posts , etc . My head may explode before I get this stuff downloaded and ready for my Org . Comm . < PROPFEMALE > class . 
To all of my academic/ teaching friends out there ... just an fyi ... if you have the kids buy/ read one book , the tests and the assignments should logically follow from THAT book unless you really clearly offer additional information in lectures , etc . Otherwise , just not cool ! 
Gotta say ... finance is really pretty boring stuff ... 
Two weeks until the Rally for Sanity ... just checked the hotel prices in DC ... cheapest room within a mile of the mall is going for around $500 ... SOOOOOOOO glad that I booked rooms the day after the rally was announced ... totally stoked that we're going ! :) :) :) :) 
So ... hangin ' with the ' rents and my Dad says , ' Obama should be impeached ... he's a traitor and dangerous to the country .... ' The irony ... he doesn't watch Fox News ... that's how effective their messaging is 
Getting ready to go to the Rally to Restore Sanity ... stoked ! :) 
T-minus 16 hrs and 40 mins til the rally :) :) 
The rally was .... reasonable ( i.e. , damned cool ) ... I have photos ... :) :) :) :) 
Contemplating bed , but I think I'm too tired to hike up the stairs :) 
Email late tonight from an advisee : \With registration being two days away I figured it would be a good idea to shoot you an email so that we could meet and I could be enabled . Let me know any time in the next two days you are available and I will 100% be there . \ " LMAO ... Seriously ?! " 
Bored ... very very bored ... 
Nothing like sitting on hold with Verizon ( not wireless ... the douches who do their residential service ) to clear up a billing error that they've made ... 
So , at some point you realize you don't really have hobbies ( and I don't really think that drinking can be considered a hobby ... and WOW doesn't really count either ) , so the question is what do I want to do ? I'm not the quilting < PROPFEMALE > type , I read all day long , and I'm not going to take up marathon running , so no ... So my friends ... what do you all do for random fun ? :) :) :) 
And my big question for the rest of the evening ... a movie or some DVR'd TV ... decisions , decisions ( I know you're riveted by the excitement ... settle down now ) . 
Best text message tonight ... graduate student whose 150 pages of coding ( i.e. , a 2-week assignment ) , which is due tomorrow texts me to tell me she can't open a . docx file ... my response ... ummm ... wow ... you're just now figuring that out ? Ouch ... :) LOL 
Guy with a leaf blower , after dark in a pretty strong wind . Ironic ? Pathetic ? Just damned funny ? Discuss ..... :) 
waiting for < PROPMALE > potter to start .... totally didn`t realize it was opening tonight ... 
So , seriously ... a Thursday night midnight showing is too late for a bus load of 11-13 year olds to be on a damned field trip to see < PROPMALE > Potter . Yet , the only annoying ones in the theatre were sitting squarely behind me ... despite that ... < PROPMALE > Potter ... good flick ... I hope they filmed part 2 at the same time and we'll get it SOON ! :) 
Because I liked the Daily Show darn it .... http://www.facebook.com/#!/thedailyshow?v=app_173841185960590 
So , my dog ( Xander ... the pest ) has decided of late that when he doesn't want me to be on the computer , he jumps up on my leg , whines , barks , and finally bites me ... the demanding little shit . 
Happy Thanksgiving .... 
Happy Thanksgiving and now back to data analysis ... 
Flowing snot is a bit of a nuisance .... 
Contemplating the creation of abbreviations and communication .... My Mom signs every email to me LOL ... ( letting it sink in for a moment ) .... she means \lots of love\ " :) :) I just don't have the heart to tell her what it actually means because I'm the only one she sends it to . " 
Oh celebrity rehab ... you're kind of like crack ... I just can't help it .... :) 
All excited for the WOW release at midnight ... great if it's midnight on the WEST COAST ... poopy if you live on the east coast ( yes I'm a nerd ... was this a surprise ? ) 
< sigh > Once again , we're at the end of the semester and there's much grading to do ... I think I need to reconsider pedagogically sound assignments requiring a lot of feedback and move to an old-fashioned test the hell out of ' em approach :) :) :) :) 
Intrigued at both Obama`s tone during press conference about the tax compromise as well as the < PROPMALE > stumping for it .... hmmmm 
Snow .... oh and here you are .... hmmmmm 
Bonus about the snow ... sending little black dogs out in the yard with snow on the ground = I can actually see the little monsters at night ! :) :) 
A lovely debate club/team holiday party tonight ... good kids , good food ( and yes , < PROPMALE > ... I did cook ;) ) , and two dogs who had 3 hours of non-stop stimulus and excitement ... they're now crashed 
Dude ... my grad students are killin ' me ... less freaking out ... more ' just do it ' 
Here are 6 GOP who will just do the right thing ( that is after they get a ridiculous tax deal to support the rich ) .... good on them .... Sens . < PROPFIRST > Brown of Massachusetts , < PROPFEMALE > Collins and < PROPFEMALE > J . Snowe of Maine , < PROPFEMALE > Murkowski of Alaska , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > of Illinois , and < PROPFIRST > Voinovich of Ohio -- joined 56 Democrats in support of the measure to repeal DADT . 
OMG .. two conversations with master's students today who were picking data to report in their results section that ONLY supported their conclusions ... and they seemed genuinely surprised when I suggested that might be bad idea ... HELLOOOOOO I remember learning about the scientific method in like 7th grade science class .... DUDE ... seriously . 
One class completely FINISHED ... one more on its way ... and awaiting the onslaught of graduate papers ... I think I'll have left over brie pizza ( pastry , brie , homemade cranberry sauce , and pecans ) and bacon-wrapped gorgonzola stuffed dates for dinner and then kill stuff in the World of Warcraft ... a lovely pairing I think :) 
DADT is legally gone ... now come the months for implementation ... peek out of the closet , don't quite burst out yet ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Soooo .... a foot of snow and still going strong ... 
With more than a foot of snow , it still snowing like a mad banshee , and visibility so low that I can't see across to the houses about 100 yards away , I finally finished 23 graduate papers and so am OFFICIALLY finished with my fall semester ... holy buckets ! 
When the dogs can`t see over the snow , you know you have to shovel them a path to pee . 
It's nice and < PROPFEMALE > ... now perhaps the sun will melt the silly snow that has been plowed and snowblown in front of the garage so that we can get < PROPMALE>'s car out ... Me thinks we're going to be shoveling :) 
Work ? Movies/TV ?... now there's a challenging decision ;) 
It's chilly ... ( and yes , I'm aware that it's mid-January on the east coast ... sheesh ) . 
Watching my weird dogs frolicking in the cold weather and snow in the backyard -- both of their faces are covered with snow , barking at the squirrel who has the audacity to run across the top of THEIR fence , and all I can think is that I could totally use a beach right now ! 
I have to get up early tomorrow ... I have to be to work by 930am ... ( yes , that is absurd ... that's why I like being a professor :) ) 
15-20 mins before < PROPMALE > gets home and we get to spend the weekend together ... a moment of YAY :) 
Woooo hooo !!! Some weather stripping , < PROPFEMALE > wrap , and scotch tape just eliminated the virtual breeze of cold air flowing in from the window right beside my desk ... I now no longer require the rest of the living room to be 800 degrees in order to keep my fingers nimble enough to type :) 
More snow . How delightfully quaint . 
My students are working hard on an in-class assignment ... I'm on FB ... it's justice :) 
Samsung Galaxy Tab ... you're on your way to me ... I'm kind of stoked about this ... sad , but true :) 
My new toy came ( Galaxy Tab ) ... resisting the urge to play with it til I get more work done ... 
On my zippy galaxy tab and on a bus heading to nyc for a gamer concert ... they needed a chaperone .... and i'm the responsible adult they found ..... sad 
Still ranting that a book publisher would allow some 10th grade educated , non-English speaking idiot to edit a book chapter , reverse the central thesis , gut the analysis to make room for two cheesy-ass photos ... GRRRRRRRRRRR 
BURRRRRRRRR ... so over this winter thing 
Who the hell thought the Black Eyed Peas were appropriate for the SuperBowl ? Holy buckets ... so so sad . 
The free flow of snot is almost less desirable than the congestion that is the other option at the moment ... blech 
Nothing like the Milgram experiment video as a cheery way to end the day .... 
I am sooooo completely and totally over today ... piss off Wednesday ! 
.... thinks < PROPFIRST>'s Day is a funny social experiment to make those with partners feel pressured and those without partners to feel bad for themselves ... Everyday is < PROPFIRST>'s Day ... no days are < PROPFIRST>'s Day ( now , this doesn't mean I reject flowers , dinners , or other assorted goodies ;) , just sayin ' it's a bit of a silly social expectation ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Hathaway is way adorable and < PROPFIRST > Franco looked stoned the whole time :) 
Debate tournaments ... hmmmm ... 
Day 1 of the Marist tournament done -- Congrats WKY for 1st in Open and St. A's for 2nd open 
And congrats for Rice for closing out < PROPMALE > ! 
Congrats to Rice ( 1st Jr. LD ) and WKY ( closing out Open LD today ) . Thanks to the Marist Debaters for their really hard work to get ready for their tournament this year ( and letting an old debate addict play a little ;) ) . And thanks to everyone who joined us in Poughkeepsie this weekend !!! We appreciated it ! I'll post full results on the Marist Debate and Advocacy FB < PROPFEMALE > in the next day or two . 
Wednesdays = beer ..... I likey ! 
Seriously ... I don't think the bass that rattles my windows in my house and drives my dogs crazy from a block away is necessary in your car ... and dammit , that's not just me getting older ... that just hurts 
A night of < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slayer makes everything better ! :) 
6-10 inches of snow forecast in over the next 36 hours ... seriously ? Winter ... piss off , don't you know that Punxsutawney < PROPMALE > predicted an early spring .... 
Here's a thought for us all .... If I had £2.50 , it would take $4 , and 5 Libyan dinars to equal the same . Ouch .... we have a highly desirable currency ;) 
Some bacon and sauteed onion gorgonzola risotto , a couple hours of chillaxin ' , and then reviewing an < PROPFEMALE > thesis proposal , doing course management stuff online , and rounding out my fun-filled evening with working my mid-tenure review packet ... thank goodness for the risotto ! :) 
Delicious irony for today .... the New York \Environmental Conservation\ " police car was an SUV :) " 
Opening day for the Rockies ... All is well in the world ! 
Great to see that the MLB officials are starting the year with the same shitty calls that they finished last year for the Rockies ... two fairly obvious blown calls ... both important ... grrrrrrr 
Student advising ... it's like the movie Groundhog Day -- except having the same conversation about 40 times in two weeks ... 
So ... when you have a sign-up sheet posted and there's a name on a line already for a time slot ... does that REALLY communicate the time is available ? Good grief ... 
And now to make a steak , onion , gorgonzola pizza with balsamic vinegar for the ' drizzled sauce ' .... :) yum 
You know what bothers me ( you know , aside from rashes ;) ) ... all of this talk about reducing the deficit and cutting spending ... the politicians won't talk about who's paying their fair share .... for instance companies with $5 billion dollar profits and no taxes due when small businesses pay taxes , when the custodial staff at GE facilities pay taxes ... let's be serious 
OMG ... < PROPFEMALE > Palin has two books out ?! I think that's prolly more whole books than she's read ;) ( yes , that last part was snarky ... so what ) 
Loving my Rockies .... finally a nice start ( knocking on wood ) to a season AND not everyone's firing on all cylinders yet .... groovy 
You know know I know it's warming up ( aside from the obvious temperature changes ) .... the creepy crawlies ( specifically gigantic spiders and centipedes ) come back out and up into the house .... charming . Old houses with dirt basements ... ick . 
Holy buckets ..... 
$1 million compound 35 < PROPMALE > north of Islamabad ... yep ... that's some cave living that I could cope with :) 
As stated on MSNBC , \The pucker factor for those special operations units had to increase .... \ " really ?! Pucker Factor ?! C'mon dude ... let's not talk out our asses on national TV ... " 
Into the belly of the beast ... you know ... grading ... my head already hurts ;) 
Just follow directions ... that's all I ask .... then everyone would be happier ... :) 
Oh kill me now .... the smurf movie .... But stoked to watch thor in 3d 
Sorry to all about the spam ... I can only blame < PROPMALE > for that one ! :) HA HA HA 
All the old conservatives hate socialism until the GOP has the brilliant idea to basically gut Medicare ... silly GOP ;) MUAH HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA 
So the head of the FCC that oversaw the merger of NBC and Comcast making a media conglomerate that might ... well ... wading in the world of monopoly , just took a VP position with Comcast ... Really ?! She didn't even wait for the ink to try ... unbelievable . 
4 days of no sun .... < sigh > 
Well .... we're half way through the end of days and gotta say , I'm not impressed with this armageddon . 
HA !!! The last of my grades were submitted a full 9 minutes before the 12pm deadline ... ( yes , I am the model for procrastination of grading ! :) ) Let the summer begin ( please soon ... it's kind of chilly still) ! 
I think I'll take a short nap ... why ? Because I can , of course . 
Paper written ... pooped ... 
5 o'clock should really only be seen once a day .... just sayin'! 
@ spiderman .... intermission of first act .... Very good show (& yes I mean the broadway musical ) 
Seriously , all I wanted was a dunkin coffee .... Then I go and lock myself out of the house ..... grrrrr .... 
Oh < PROPFIRST > Weiner ... you and Tiger Woods share so much in common ... you know -- except for the actually having sex with other women thing ;) . The question will be ... can you perform once you come back from treatment ? So far , Tiger hasn't ... let's hope you can ;) 
Damn Rockies .... but put Helton on to pinch hit , not the new guy .... almost though 
Just got a call from my ' gym ' ( i.e. , where I go swim ... ) saying , ' You haven't been in for a while ... we're hoping everything's alright .... ' My translation ' Dude , get your lazy ass to the gym ' .... 
Dammit < PROPFIRST > Weiner .... 
To the women ( yes plural ) of my neighborhood .... 
The state of NY has done the right thing today ... totally stoked ... now for the budget issues ... 
Waiting on a lecture to render into an MP4 .... I do love the online lecture in the convenient MP4 format so they can take my ppt and narration with them in any mobile device :) 
And now back to grading my summer class ... not that I'm a couple of weeks behind ... and then more data entry ... thrill-omedy ! 
Just because it's over 90 at 10am with a heat index of a sweaty version of hell does not , and I repeat does not excuse the following apparel choice walking around town : overly stretched AND opaque white leggings , white polka dotted granny panties ( though better than a thong ) fully visible , and a 2 sizes too small bright orange shirt . This ends the community service announcement for today . 
Go go New York state :) .... everything else aside how about an estimated $400 million a year addition to the NYS economy ? Wins on all fronts ... 
RIP < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... July 13 , 1916 - July 29 , 2011 ... An old cowboy ... the stories ( even if he took a while to tell one ) and the man will be missed . 
First time at < PROPFEMALE > Woods ( i.e. , Woodstock ) ... awesome venue . Good concert , but I have to say that my favorite moment of the evening .... a dude vacuuming the stage ( see the mobile uploads for evidence ) in between acts . Really ?! 
Dear lord ... MUST NOT READ IDIOT COMMENTS at the end of news stories ... and then if I accidentally scroll .... MUST NOT ENGAGE the idiots .... 
Wow ... while I disagree with Huntsman's politics , I do like him ... I'm alarmed that Gingrich sounds like a voice of relative reason . Romney doesn't look quite as pretty as he did in 2008 , but still seems like a too slick salesman . And then there are the rest .... 
In a bi-partisan way ... I really HATE the phrase \grow the economy\ " ... such a ridiculous sounding phrase . " 
Damn ... \As president would you be submissive to your husband ? \ " < PROPFEMALE > Bachman explains her position of submission as \ " respect\ " ... does that come with a safe word ? :) " 
Funny story .... sitting watching TV and a bat is flying around our kitchen and living room . We have no idea how the little shit got in ( assuming it snuck in while letting the dogs in and waiting on Xander to meander in ) . Nothing like watching two people trying to herd a bat out with a broom while ducking for cover .... 
Celebrating the 15th anniversary of my ability to drink legally . :) 
So , here's the thing ... up here in the Hudson Valley , we had some heavy rain and a little wind out of this hurricane thing . And now there's like 80,000 people without power . How the hell does that work ? Oh wait , I know ... third world quality infrastructure . We spent the money in the 50's and 60's and haven't done much since . I think it's time that we revisit this and rebuild . . . 
And the new semester starts tomorrow ... bollocks ! 
T-minus 2 days til the UK for about 10 days ! :) 
Sitting at Boston < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFEMALE > Donohue drinking a beer and waiting for our flight .... :) :) 
Flying off the coast of Maine .... Headed towards Newfoundland , awaiting my complementary beer ! ( you know , the important things ) 
We have landed across the pond , taken in most of two rugby games ( pics later ) and now our very jet lagged and sleep deprived selves are chillin ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Donohue and I've had a great time in London ( errr .... done work too ... seriously , we have ) , despite the dampness , and tomorrow morning we're heading to Leeds for the Conference . :) We'll post pics sometime soon ... but now we have to pack ... grrrr ... mountains of mess to re-organize 
Alrighty .... so Leeds is a pretty cool city . We found a great beer bar , indulged , and had pies , cheese , meat , and bread ... tomorrow we present ... :) :) :) 
Yorkshire pudding .... check and yum , local microbrews ..... check and yum , local cheeses and breads ... check and yum , local wines ...... check and yum ( oh yeah and a good paper presentation ) 
Home .... great trip , but glad to be home and sleeping in my own bed :) 
Foo Fighters are awesome ... Treating the Westboro Baptists with the disdain and mockery they deserve while entertaining others :) 
Dammit Facebook ... quit fucking around with the look and settings . You're not improving the damn < PROPFEMALE > , only making it more annoying . 
Comforting ... yesterday at 1am there was a shooting about 4 blocks from the house . Reason #23984 why it'll be nice to live outside of < PROPFEMALE > sometime soon ! :) 
Wow ... sharp slap of reality ... a high school classmate of mine has a kid in college ( and no , she didn't have her before the end of high school ) . Holy buckets of getting old . 
Dear Mother Nature : If you haven't noticed it's autumn ; you know , the time of year when the mornings are crisp and cool and it's not sticky and sweaty . Just thought that I would remind you . Please rectify the situation ASAP .... 
The plastic surgery procedure ... the \Pippa Middleton butt lift\ " is just an indicator that our celebrity worshiping vapid society has lost its collective mind . GOOD GRIEF !!!!! " 
Having a beer at JFK ... waiting on my flight to head to Denmark . :) :) :) :) :) 
Oh silly students ... you can't procrastinate on coding and data entry ... I do love the excuses along with the brutal blunt honesty as they realize they've screwed themselves :) :) :) :) It makes a very jet-lagged me giggle :) . And now I think I'll go wash my face and comb my hair ... oh yeah ... and brush the film of ewwww off my teeth .... oh how glamorous travel is .... 
There's definitely something lovely after the good god long travel day to coming to your B&B ( which is less expensive than any of the conference hotels ) , finding that it's a huge room , comfy , showering away the travel ick , AND learning that you get homemade bread and jams for breakfast ... NICE ... ( oh yeah , and Denmark is pretty , rainy at the moment , but pretty :) lots of quaint towns ) 
Ok .... so I clearly needed more instructions on the washing machine .... I didn't realize that I had to switch gears manually to complete the damn wash .... 2 hours later ( crazy European thing ) .... LOL 
Dear < insert diety , politician , statue , or what the hell ever you might pray to here > Condenser driers are the shittiest invention ever ! Thank goodness we don't have them ... hour 5 of trying to dry my friggin ' clothes so that I can pack them ... they're about 90% there , so hopefully they dry over night ... but holy buckets of you've got to be kidding me ! 
So , I'm hanging out in Denmark's third largest airport looking at all 4 of their gates staffed by the same folks at the ticket counter ... eating some amazing cheese , bread , and amazing chocolate . Small countries a nifty . 
< sigh > About to head home ..... And teach tomorrow .... gak 
I was only away from my email for a day and a half and it's outta control .... 
I love it when other meetings leave sandwiches and other goodies .... Free lunch :) 
