Ready for the Easter < PROPFEMALE > , happy Easter Everyone ! 

Yeah , It's mid week , only 3 more days until Bleu at the Firehouse . Man it feels like forever since we have seen him . 
I am so happy we finally finished the driveway ! No more walk through a swamp to get to the house . 
Just got home from watching Clash of the Titnans . It was a pretty good movie , but I annoyed < PROPFIRST > all the way home trying to figure out why I never heard about Perseus in any of my Philosophy or Greek Mythology classes :) 
Wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part ....... God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart ! Repost if you have someone in Heaven 
So it has been a really LONG couple of days trying to finish up the Gymfest stuff , but it payed off because my baby girl got a first place sticker on the bars !!!!! Now I am ready to get cleaned up and go celebrate my birthday , bring on the PARTY . 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes , it was a pretty good weekend :) 
Hey Facebook Friends , I am working for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s campaign this year , one of my tasks is to get people to pledge thier support for Gov < PROPFIRST > in November . If there is anyone out there who knows who they are voting for let me know , plus I have lots of stats on both < PROPFIRST > and White if you are undecided . If anyone is willing to pledge thier vote to re-elect Gov < PROPFIRST > I can put you on the VIP email list . 
I found out Monday I am having a boy , and I'm kind of concerned because I am so used to < PROPFEMALE > who is a girly girl , so I'm not sure what I'm gonna do with a stinky little boy :) 
My Baby Girl started 1st Grade today :( Does anyone have any ideas on how to stop time so she doesn't grow up 
yeah Go Rice it's about time ! 
Thanks to my wonderful Parents who have been an amazing blessing and help through the pregnancy and divorce Connor now has a stroller and travel crib !! 
I got no good reason at all but damn it feels good to be me . Its like I got some crazy happy disease 
So glad its Friday , < PROPFEMALE>'s got Fun Night with a friend , hopefully Memaw will watch little man and Mommy gets to do margaritas at Chili's . Yipee 
Its a liberating feeling when you finally realize you don't have to spend the rest of your life waiting for someone to care enough to change , because they never will . 
Its been a beautiful day with my wonderful children , have my final divorce papers and now looking foward to a fun night out with good friends to celebrate a new chapter and God's many blessings ! 
Never leave the one you love for the one you like , because , one day the one you like will leave you for the one they love . 
Be courteous to all , but intimate with few , and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence . True friendship is a plant of slow growth , and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity before it is entitled to the appellation-George Washington 
Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds 
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you- < PROPFIRST > Carnegie\ 
\ 
I believe love is primarily a choice and only sometimes a feeling . If you want to feel love , choose to love and be patient . 
The hardest thing to do is love somebody , and then having the courage to let them love you back . 
NO CHEATING : Post this as your status ( even if your\TAKEN \") and see what people want from you . INBOX ONLY\ 
Cook-off time ! 
Rodeo Time ! Had a great time at < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and getting ready to take my favorite little girl tonight . 
< PROPFEMALE > went to a Rockets game with her Dad last night , when she got home she told me a black lady told her Dad\ will you take your child off your shoulder so she doesn't hit the flo\ " \ 
Ok so I have decided I want to play the guitar just so I can have a sparkly blue one like < PROPMALE > Paisley 
Ok really , I know it's time to go back to work when I find myself so bored that I am answering the silly questions about people . 
So heres to living with no regrets and the ones that we do have > well let them be fun while they last :) 
OUCH ! 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
A real woman always has a clean house , empty laundry basket , is well made-up , smells good , slim , healthy , eloquent and is perfectly well-behaved . Copy this status if you are beginning to suspect that you are a man . 
Wow ! It's a Fridays Reunion . 
