back in Frostburg .... 

is tired and wants to take a long nap ... 
is loling over a silly website she found while surfing the web ... 
wants to sleep in her chair .... but can't cause she is at work , and has to look like she is doing work .... 
work , work , work .... can never stop ... If I stop I might die ... 
wants to sleep for a good 2 hours ... * Yawn * 
is looking really really hard ... for treasure ... 
is watching another movie on tv ... nothing better to do ... 
bored ... really really bored ... OMG bored ... OMFG bored ... Someone do something ... Going nuts at my desk , I need to do something ... I know maybe if I get < PROPFEMALE > to let the dog out in teh front year I could come home and round them up ... Yeah , that what I 
looking inside the tv , to find my imagination ... What a world we live in ... 
cleaning ... 
relaxing at home ... 
wondering , if there is really a tomarrow ... 
get myself a new phone .... 
working again ... YAY !! 
just finish doing errands , and grabbing a bite to eat ... 
back to work .. gotta make those invisble dollars ... LOL 
just moved into my new Office at my internship .. YAY !!! No longer in a corner of a hole ... 
its my last week at the museum ... :'( 
tired .. 
YAY .... Lunch Time ... 
packing and packing , checking what I need for school 
the volcano has exploded ... 
SO tired .... 
So tired .... But I have more to do before I can collaspe into my bed ... 
OMG !! I am 234 in line ... They are still at 140 ... I am never going to get my permit ... 
watching a 45min video for < PROPFIRST > certification ... SO LONG ... 
has so much homework .... OHHH !!! My new tv ... LOL 
is tired ... and has to get up early early in the morning .... UGHHHHH !! 
getting reading to go home for the weekend .... YAY !!! I really need it ... 
studying , shopping , studying , eating , and possibly relax a little ... 
back at the Burg ... 
have to study for my test today ... I need to a good grade to get that A !!! 
is really tired of having shit thrown in her face ... :( 
I need a drink ... but I should study first ... 
oh snap ... its late ... 
Pluto isn't a planet , its a extra large snowball ... 
la , la , la ,.... I have alot of homework ... 
OMG So much homework .... But it should know by now , that I have to not stress out about it .. 
where has the time gone ....?? 
mmm . whatcha say .... 
why ... 
got to go the fundraiser thing for APO 
oh sanp ... Almost done my outline , and thesis ... I am so happy ... 
had a horrible night ... 
SO tired .... why did I have to have the morning shift ... UGHHHH ...... 
home ... it feels so good .. 
I think I was abducted by aliens .... 
wheres the bug bomb ...!!! OMG 
yay i love my new computer :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... cereal good ... 
I want to plan a trip to the Carpathian Mountains .... I look like such a beautiful place ... 
hmmmm . more cereal ... 
i wonder what to do , on saturday ... 
Gosh you're pretty .... I know .... -Fairly Odd Parents ..... 
to many RCR to do ... I am so tired of the paperwork ... Why so much paperwork .... WHY !!!! 
hoping that my < PROPFIRST > is doing okay ... 
tired ... Very tired ... For some reason my dream kept waking me up ... It was so weird ... Finally when I got up for good , I said thank God that dream was over ... 
its cold ... Really cold ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
meeting at 7pm 
I think I was just offered a part in the Vagina Monologue 
I am still thinking .... 
done with being outside in the cold .... Done with classes and now on to painting my box ... 
getting there ... I think I should sleep .. 
whoowooo .... I feel the air under my imaginary wings ... I can fly ... I can so totally fly ... 
when did laughing become a daily habbit ... 
no school .... YAY !!! 
please , please let their be no school tomarrow 
mmm . lunch 
looking beyond all hope , i can still see that shining < PROPFEMALE > ... 
back home .. for the weekend 
you know you are going a little bit crazy when you start to sing in front of your residents .. 
Studying is a pain in the ass . I really hope the snowstorms , just destorys us so that we don't have school ... Oh yeah I want it to come down and cover us till we are neck deep in snow ... 
oh boy , duty tonight will be so much fun .... 
I really wish there was an easier way to find a decent place tht is affordable 
booo .... Why does there have to be a test tomarrow .... Why not Thursday ... ] 
YAY IT MY B-DAY !!!! I AM 22 YEARS OLD !!! 
Thanks everyone ...!!!! 
Thanks everyone ... again for saying happy birthday to me ... Thanks for making my day better ... 
ahhh , its over ... :( 
OMG I want pizza tonight ...!! 
great to be back in the Burg ... 
ohh pickles how you intrigue the most perverted people ... 
trying to find a fourth class that I can take so , I am a full time student next semeste ... 
oh snap ... the backyard is getting a little better to tolerate ... 
Soon this semester will be over ... And I can relax and enjoy the summer Air .... But wait .. I just accepted a new summer job .. I guess it can wait alittle longer ... Besides I will be in the sun all day long ... Although it would be deemed as work .. I think I can handle it ... 
?????? 
I am so tired ... I was outside for to long .... 
can't wait to get this day over with ... 
wishes it was summer already ... I could be working on my tan , and have a fun job this year ... 
I am hoping that Greek week won't take to much of my time ... I mean I still have alot of homework , to do , but hey , this week will definitly not be so stressful for me ... 
have to write to two papers by tonight , and tomarrow , cause they are due tomarrow ... I can do it ... Its no problem for me ... LOL ... 
I am going to go to sleep now ... Which means that I have another half a < PROPFEMALE > to write on my paper before it is done ... YAY me .... 
oh boy ... I have RA banquet tonight , then I need to finish my laundry , then start studying for my final on Tuesday .... This weekend can't gett any better .. 
so cold ... why so cold .... 
still very cold ... When will I see the sun again ...?? why does it have to be so cold ...??? 
Now that I have been home for a few days , I feel that I should be doing something more then just sleeping , doing laundry and just sitting around the house ... I think I will start an adventure before I go to summer camp .. 
only home for one day ... So much work I have to do .. 
oh crazy days ... so boredd and trying to find something to do .... booo .... I only have one day to have fun , guys ... figure soemthing out for me ... 
my last night home ... I must make the best of it .. 
laying in bed chillin and catching up on my shows ... YAY !!! 
I guess I not getting the truck this week ... I still have to drive my green monster back to camp ... Yup ... 
I finally got the green light to take to the truck ... YAY !!! Fun time in the White pick-up truck ... On my way back to camp ... My last week there ... 
so far I would give this summer a 8 .. I had loads of fun .. 
so much on my plate , what to eat first ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s birthday went pretty good , I hope she got what she wanted ... YAY !!! 
Waiting to see if my paper is going to be appoved by my professor .. 
I finally have water .... YAY !! Two days of watching dad reconstruct the plumbling system in the basement ... 
Today was the perfect day to just lay by the pool ... I needed to even out the tan lines .. 
Why do I dream such amazing things ... Sometimes I just wish that my dreams were the reality of my life 
Oh snap you just been block ... What now sucka .. 
if you can't tell , I am really bored ... This usually means that I should go to bed ... 
cleaning the basement ... Oh and probably going to clean it again this weekend , throwing everything away !!! ugh ... I doubt we will get that far .. 
YAY !!! basement is clean-ish , i mean I got all the water out of it ... No indoor swimming pool here ... just the outdoor one .. 
waiting for the day to get better ... 
Wondering what to do tonight ... 
I had the best weekend home thus far ... 
bored , and thinking I might have to play some more videogames before I really get bored and do something stupid .. like standing on top of the car and start dancing ... 
was out of the house for most of the day ... And I still want to go out and have some fun ... 
going to go shopping for someones birthday .. 
I need to something to do tonight , two of my friends already bailed ... I don't want to sit at teh house all night ... 
officially moved into my new apartment , with roommates included 
took a nice shower and now just going to relax for most of the day 
oh dear i guess my summer is officially over tomarrow ... first day of classes .... 
on campus trying to make myself busy 
so early ... in the morning .. why so early .. 
why does it seem that everyone is mad at me today ... Did I destroy a country or something ... Please let me know what I did ... 
playing some assains creed ... 
that was a two hour meeting ... 
BSA Invovlment Fair at the Gym ... Got to go set up .. 
almost there .. soon I will have the weekend all to myself , with the exception of one roommate ... 
reading is so much fun , especially when its for a class .... 
watching some crazy Korean DRama , that I can't help but laugh , cause its so good ... 
my head hurts ... so much information ... 
feeling so sick ... UGH !! 
SICK !!! didn't sleep that good last night ... In fact I was awake at 2am being ever sicker ... 
Must memorize painting !!!!!!! Must memorize 30,000 years of < PROPMALE > !! 
waiting in the library .. Then off tothe PAC for the President's speech .. 
< PROPMALE > Test !!! I think I memorize all the sculpture , buildings , and paintings for this test ... Yeah , I think I got this ... 
So tired , and yet I still need to finish two of my papers , by tonight ... UGH !!!! 
SG-U new episode is out on HULU !!! So excited ... 
OH SNAP !!! The new episode of Caprica is coming in strong this season ... 
soon .. soon I have to go to work ... Then bed ... 
Its been a long night , time for bed ... 
Thanks < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > .. You are truly becoming apart of this family tree 
Where in the world is < PROPFIRST > Sandiego ??!! 
working on the most amazing paper in the world ... Thats right , My paper ... 
If you have a dog who has made you laugh , brightened your life , silently accepted your tears without judgment , snuggled with you , forgiven your faults and loved you anyway , make this your status . Dogs are a gift . Repost this if you have an amazing dog or have had amazing dogs who are no longer with us !! ? 
feeling on top of the world ... 
if you don't know yet .. my weekend is filled with papers ... papers in my room , papers in my car , papers everywhere ... I don't know where to start .. 
I am pretty sure , that someone butt dialed me ... 
thank GOD for good brakes ... Plus my good driving skills .... 
way to go blue , atleast we tried .... 
THE INNER NATIONALITY QUIZ : WHAT ARE YOU REALLY ? -- My Result : You are Swedish . . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/45430/referrals/status?aid=907785001 
made my own milkshake , and it was really good ... 
happy thanksgiving !!! 
This Semi-Formal , is going to blow your minds !!! 
who wants to pull an all nighter ... I really could use a friend to study with ... 
Its going to be a long night ... 
OMG I think I finished my paper ... Where are the pigs ...? * looking the sky * 
Thursday night anyone ??? 
feezing in my room .. 
writing a paper for tomarrows final .. so that I can copy it on my test ... 
6 more days and I am free from studying everyday ... 
counting down , till I graduate .. plus studying .. 
finished alll my finals ... YAY !! now all thats left is graduating ... 2 more days ... 
I finally did it .. I finally graduated .. I like to thank everyone for congratuating me on my big day ... I hope everyone has a great winter break ... And I hope to visit all my friends back at Frostburg sometime in the Spring Semester . 
ok , so I think i might be going to cali for a job ... 
Had loads of fun in D.C I really want to go back and just explore the museums ... 
cleaning the basement 
So I prefer being a fish over a water bearer anyday ... 
will never eat ice cream again ... 
when life gives me lemons , I tend to throw them at people .... 
we scare because we care .. 
there is to much football .. Its everywhere .. My house , news feed , twitter , everywhere .. I don't need to watch when everyone basicially tells me who won .. 
So wish I had a super brain ... 
